# TB Seal Sale Begins Today
## 
### 
The 10.10 Christmas Seal Sale be
gins today * and will continue
through Christmas Day.
During the past week, Stanford
students have received the seals
through the mail. They are being
sent out by the Santa Clara County
Tuberculosis Association, which is
one of the 3,000 local affiliates of the
National Tuberculosis Association.
Bccause tuberculosis is a disease
which strikes at adults in the prime
of life, and because it is a disease
which makes its first appearance in
the early teens, the program of the
Tuberculosis Association is aimed at
preventing this disease through
health education, finding of early
cases of tuberculosis, and research.
An important research project
financed by Christmas Seal Sale
funds, which was begun about eight
years ago, is being carried on by
Dr. Sidney Raffel of the Stanford
Bacteriology Department.
The 1950 seal, designed by Andre
Dugo, artist - illustrator, features
three angel children on a red and
green background.
The 10.10 Christmas Seal Sale be
gins today * and will continue
through Christmas Day.
During the past week, Stanford
students have received the seals
through the mail. They are being
sent out by the Santa Clara County
Tuberculosis Association, which is
one of the 3,000 local affiliates of the
National Tuberculosis Association.
Bccause tuberculosis is a disease
which strikes at adults in the prime
of life, and because it is a disease
which makes its first appearance in
the early teens, the program of the
Tuberculosis Association is aimed at
preventing this disease through
health education, finding of early
cases of tuberculosis, and research.
An important research project
financed by Christmas Seal Sale
funds, which was begun about eight
years ago, is being carried on by
Dr. Sidney Raffel of the Stanford
Bacteriology Department.
The 1950 seal, designed by Andre
Dugo, artist - illustrator, features
three angel children on a red and
green background.
The 10.10 Christmas Seal Sale be
gins today * and will continue
through Christmas Day.
During the past week, Stanford
students have received the seals
through the mail. They are being
sent out by the Santa Clara County
Tuberculosis Association, which is
one of the 3,000 local affiliates of the
National Tuberculosis Association.
Bccause tuberculosis is a disease
which strikes at adults in the prime
of life, and because it is a disease
which makes its first appearance in
the early teens, the program of the
Tuberculosis Association is aimed at
preventing this disease through
health education, finding of early
cases of tuberculosis, and research.
An important research project
financed by Christmas Seal Sale
funds, which was begun about eight
years ago, is being carried on by
Dr. Sidney Raffel of the Stanford
Bacteriology Department.
The 1950 seal, designed by Andre
Dugo, artist - illustrator, features
three angel children on a red and
green background.
The 10.10 Christmas Seal Sale be
gins today * and will continue
through Christmas Day.
During the past week, Stanford
students have received the seals
through the mail. They are being
sent out by the Santa Clara County
Tuberculosis Association, which is
one of the 3,000 local affiliates of the
National Tuberculosis Association.
Bccause tuberculosis is a disease
which strikes at adults in the prime
of life, and because it is a disease
which makes its first appearance in
the early teens, the program of the
Tuberculosis Association is aimed at
preventing this disease through
health education, finding of early
cases of tuberculosis, and research.
An important research project
financed by Christmas Seal Sale
funds, which was begun about eight
years ago, is being carried on by
Dr. Sidney Raffel of the Stanford
Bacteriology Department.
The 1950 seal, designed by Andre
Dugo, artist - illustrator, features
three angel children on a red and
green background.
The 10.10 Christmas Seal Sale be
gins today * and will continue
through Christmas Day.
During the past week, Stanford
students have received the seals
through the mail. They are being
sent out by the Santa Clara County
Tuberculosis Association, which is
one of the 3,000 local affiliates of the
National Tuberculosis Association.
Bccause tuberculosis is a disease
which strikes at adults in the prime
of life, and because it is a disease
which makes its first appearance in
the early teens, the program of the
Tuberculosis Association is aimed at
preventing this disease through
health education, finding of early
cases of tuberculosis, and research.
An important research project
financed by Christmas Seal Sale
funds, which was begun about eight
years ago, is being carried on by
Dr. Sidney Raffel of the Stanford
Bacteriology Department.
The 1950 seal, designed by Andre
Dugo, artist - illustrator, features
three angel children on a red and
green background.
The 10.10 Christmas Seal Sale be
gins today * and will continue
through Christmas Day.
During the past week, Stanford
students have received the seals
through the mail. They are being
sent out by the Santa Clara County
Tuberculosis Association, which is
one of the 3,000 local affiliates of the
National Tuberculosis Association.
Bccause tuberculosis is a disease
which strikes at adults in the prime
of life, and because it is a disease
which makes its first appearance in
the early teens, the program of the
Tuberculosis Association is aimed at
preventing this disease through
health education, finding of early
cases of tuberculosis, and research.
An important research project
financed by Christmas Seal Sale
funds, which was begun about eight
years ago, is being carried on by
Dr. Sidney Raffel of the Stanford
Bacteriology Department.
The 1950 seal, designed by Andre
Dugo, artist - illustrator, features
three angel children on a red and
green background.
The 10.10 Christmas Seal Sale be
gins today * and will continue
through Christmas Day.
During the past week, Stanford
students have received the seals
through the mail. They are being
sent out by the Santa Clara County
Tuberculosis Association, which is
one of the 3,000 local affiliates of the
National Tuberculosis Association.
Bccause tuberculosis is a disease
which strikes at adults in the prime
of life, and because it is a disease
which makes its first appearance in
the early teens, the program of the
Tuberculosis Association is aimed at
preventing this disease through
health education, finding of early
cases of tuberculosis, and research.
An important research project
financed by Christmas Seal Sale
funds, which was begun about eight
years ago, is being carried on by
Dr. Sidney Raffel of the Stanford
Bacteriology Department.
The 1950 seal, designed by Andre
Dugo, artist - illustrator, features
three angel children on a red and
green background.
The 10.10 Christmas Seal Sale be
gins today * and will continue
through Christmas Day.
During the past week, Stanford
students have received the seals
through the mail. They are being
sent out by the Santa Clara County
Tuberculosis Association, which is
one of the 3,000 local affiliates of the
National Tuberculosis Association.
Bccause tuberculosis is a disease
which strikes at adults in the prime
of life, and because it is a disease
which makes its first appearance in
the early teens, the program of the
Tuberculosis Association is aimed at
preventing this disease through
health education, finding of early
cases of tuberculosis, and research.
An important research project
financed by Christmas Seal Sale
funds, which was begun about eight
years ago, is being carried on by
Dr. Sidney Raffel of the Stanford
Bacteriology Department.
The 1950 seal, designed by Andre
Dugo, artist - illustrator, features
three angel children on a red and
green background.
The 10.10 Christmas Seal Sale be
gins today * and will continue
through Christmas Day.
During the past week, Stanford
students have received the seals
through the mail. They are being
sent out by the Santa Clara County
Tuberculosis Association, which is
one of the 3,000 local affiliates of the
National Tuberculosis Association.
Bccause tuberculosis is a disease
which strikes at adults in the prime
of life, and because it is a disease
which makes its first appearance in
the early teens, the program of the
Tuberculosis Association is aimed at
preventing this disease through
health education, finding of early
cases of tuberculosis, and research.
An important research project
financed by Christmas Seal Sale
funds, which was begun about eight
years ago, is being carried on by
Dr. Sidney Raffel of the Stanford
Bacteriology Department.
The 1950 seal, designed by Andre
Dugo, artist - illustrator, features
three angel children on a red and
green background.
The 10.10 Christmas Seal Sale be
gins today * and will continue
through Christmas Day.
During the past week, Stanford
students have received the seals
through the mail. They are being
sent out by the Santa Clara County
Tuberculosis Association, which is
one of the 3,000 local affiliates of the
National Tuberculosis Association.
Bccause tuberculosis is a disease
which strikes at adults in the prime
of life, and because it is a disease
which makes its first appearance in
the early teens, the program of the
Tuberculosis Association is aimed at
preventing this disease through
health education, finding of early
cases of tuberculosis, and research.
An important research project
financed by Christmas Seal Sale
funds, which was begun about eight
years ago, is being carried on by
Dr. Sidney Raffel of the Stanford
Bacteriology Department.
The 1950 seal, designed by Andre
Dugo, artist - illustrator, features
three angel children on a red and
green background.
The 10.10 Christmas Seal Sale be
gins today * and will continue
through Christmas Day.
During the past week, Stanford
students have received the seals
through the mail. They are being
sent out by the Santa Clara County
Tuberculosis Association, which is
one of the 3,000 local affiliates of the
National Tuberculosis Association.
Bccause tuberculosis is a disease
which strikes at adults in the prime
of life, and because it is a disease
which makes its first appearance in
the early teens, the program of the
Tuberculosis Association is aimed at
preventing this disease through
health education, finding of early
cases of tuberculosis, and research.
An important research project
financed by Christmas Seal Sale
funds, which was begun about eight
years ago, is being carried on by
Dr. Sidney Raffel of the Stanford
Bacteriology Department.
The 1950 seal, designed by Andre
Dugo, artist - illustrator, features
three angel children on a red and
green background.
The 10.10 Christmas Seal Sale be
gins today * and will continue
through Christmas Day.
During the past week, Stanford
students have received the seals
through the mail. They are being
sent out by the Santa Clara County
Tuberculosis Association, which is
one of the 3,000 local affiliates of the
National Tuberculosis Association.
Bccause tuberculosis is a disease
which strikes at adults in the prime
of life, and because it is a disease
which makes its first appearance in
the early teens, the program of the
Tuberculosis Association is aimed at
preventing this disease through
health education, finding of early
cases of tuberculosis, and research.
An important research project
financed by Christmas Seal Sale
funds, which was begun about eight
years ago, is being carried on by
Dr. Sidney Raffel of the Stanford
Bacteriology Department.
The 1950 seal, designed by Andre
Dugo, artist - illustrator, features
three angel children on a red and
green background.
The 10.10 Christmas Seal Sale be
gins today * and will continue
through Christmas Day.
During the past week, Stanford
students have received the seals
through the mail. They are being
sent out by the Santa Clara County
Tuberculosis Association, which is
one of the 3,000 local affiliates of the
National Tuberculosis Association.
Bccause tuberculosis is a disease
which strikes at adults in the prime
of life, and because it is a disease
which makes its first appearance in
the early teens, the program of the
Tuberculosis Association is aimed at
preventing this disease through
health education, finding of early
cases of tuberculosis, and research.
An important research project
financed by Christmas Seal Sale
funds, which was begun about eight
years ago, is being carried on by
Dr. Sidney Raffel of the Stanford
Bacteriology Department.
The 1950 seal, designed by Andre
Dugo, artist - illustrator, features
three angel children on a red and
green background.
The 10.10 Christmas Seal Sale be
gins today * and will continue
through Christmas Day.
During the past week, Stanford
students have received the seals
through the mail. They are being
sent out by the Santa Clara County
Tuberculosis Association, which is
one of the 3,000 local affiliates of the
National Tuberculosis Association.
Bccause tuberculosis is a disease
which strikes at adults in the prime
of life, and because it is a disease
which makes its first appearance in
the early teens, the program of the
Tuberculosis Association is aimed at
preventing this disease through
health education, finding of early
cases of tuberculosis, and research.
An important research project
financed by Christmas Seal Sale
funds, which was begun about eight
years ago, is being carried on by
Dr. Sidney Raffel of the Stanford
Bacteriology Department.
The 1950 seal, designed by Andre
Dugo, artist - illustrator, features
three angel children on a red and
green background.
