# Stanford Students Form LaFollette Organization
## 
### 
Assuming Senator Robert M. La-
Follette a certain candidate for presi
dent of the United States in the com
ing election, a group of students, un
der the leadership of Junior Collins,
'24, have organized as the Stanford
LaFollette Club.
Assuming Senator Robert M. La-
Follette a certain candidate for presi
dent of the United States in the com
ing election, a group of students, un
der the leadership of Junior Collins,
'24, have organized as the Stanford
LaFollette Club.
Assuming Senator Robert M. La-
Follette a certain candidate for presi
dent of the United States in the com
ing election, a group of students, un
der the leadership of Junior Collins,
'24, have organized as the Stanford
LaFollette Club.
Assuming Senator Robert M. La-
Follette a certain candidate for presi
dent of the United States in the com
ing election, a group of students, un
der the leadership of Junior Collins,
'24, have organized as the Stanford
LaFollette Club.
Assuming Senator Robert M. La-
Follette a certain candidate for presi
dent of the United States in the com
ing election, a group of students, un
der the leadership of Junior Collins,
'24, have organized as the Stanford
LaFollette Club.
Assuming Senator Robert M. La-
Follette a certain candidate for presi
dent of the United States in the com
ing election, a group of students, un
der the leadership of Junior Collins,
'24, have organized as the Stanford
LaFollette Club.
Assuming Senator Robert M. La-
Follette a certain candidate for presi
dent of the United States in the com
ing election, a group of students, un
der the leadership of Junior Collins,
'24, have organized as the Stanford
LaFollette Club.
Assuming Senator Robert M. La-
Follette a certain candidate for presi
dent of the United States in the com
ing election, a group of students, un
der the leadership of Junior Collins,
'24, have organized as the Stanford
LaFollette Club.
Assuming Senator Robert M. La-
Follette a certain candidate for presi
dent of the United States in the com
ing election, a group of students, un
der the leadership of Junior Collins,
'24, have organized as the Stanford
LaFollette Club.
Assuming Senator Robert M. La-
Follette a certain candidate for presi
dent of the United States in the com
ing election, a group of students, un
der the leadership of Junior Collins,
'24, have organized as the Stanford
LaFollette Club.
Assuming Senator Robert M. La-
Follette a certain candidate for presi
dent of the United States in the com
ing election, a group of students, un
der the leadership of Junior Collins,
'24, have organized as the Stanford
LaFollette Club.
Assuming Senator Robert M. La-
Follette a certain candidate for presi
dent of the United States in the com
ing election, a group of students, un
der the leadership of Junior Collins,
'24, have organized as the Stanford
LaFollette Club.
Assuming Senator Robert M. La-
Follette a certain candidate for presi
dent of the United States in the com
ing election, a group of students, un
der the leadership of Junior Collins,
'24, have organized as the Stanford
LaFollette Club.
Assuming Senator Robert M. La-
Follette a certain candidate for presi
dent of the United States in the com
ing election, a group of students, un
der the leadership of Junior Collins,
'24, have organized as the Stanford
LaFollette Club.
