# Untitled Article
## 
### 
H. P. Hutterfleld, '07, was recently
shot and killed in Vancouver. Bur
terfield, while in Stanford, was a mem
ber of Encina Club and played tackle
or his Freshman football team.
C. L. Van Dine, Stanford, '00, late
Territorial entomologist of Hawaii, is
to be special agent of the Department
of Agriculture in charge of sugar cane
and rice investigations. David T. Full
away, Stanford '08, his assistant, is
promoted to be Territorial entomolo
gist of Hawaii.
H. P. Hutterfleld, '07, was recently
shot and killed in Vancouver. Bur
terfield, while in Stanford, was a mem
ber of Encina Club and played tackle
or his Freshman football team.
C. L. Van Dine, Stanford, '00, late
Territorial entomologist of Hawaii, is
to be special agent of the Department
of Agriculture in charge of sugar cane
and rice investigations. David T. Full
away, Stanford '08, his assistant, is
promoted to be Territorial entomolo
gist of Hawaii.
H. P. Hutterfleld, '07, was recently
shot and killed in Vancouver. Bur
terfield, while in Stanford, was a mem
ber of Encina Club and played tackle
or his Freshman football team.
C. L. Van Dine, Stanford, '00, late
Territorial entomologist of Hawaii, is
to be special agent of the Department
of Agriculture in charge of sugar cane
and rice investigations. David T. Full
away, Stanford '08, his assistant, is
promoted to be Territorial entomolo
gist of Hawaii.
H. P. Hutterfleld, '07, was recently
shot and killed in Vancouver. Bur
terfield, while in Stanford, was a mem
ber of Encina Club and played tackle
or his Freshman football team.
C. L. Van Dine, Stanford, '00, late
Territorial entomologist of Hawaii, is
to be special agent of the Department
of Agriculture in charge of sugar cane
and rice investigations. David T. Full
away, Stanford '08, his assistant, is
promoted to be Territorial entomolo
gist of Hawaii.
H. P. Hutterfleld, '07, was recently
shot and killed in Vancouver. Bur
terfield, while in Stanford, was a mem
ber of Encina Club and played tackle
or his Freshman football team.
C. L. Van Dine, Stanford, '00, late
Territorial entomologist of Hawaii, is
to be special agent of the Department
of Agriculture in charge of sugar cane
and rice investigations. David T. Full
away, Stanford '08, his assistant, is
promoted to be Territorial entomolo
gist of Hawaii.
H. P. Hutterfleld, '07, was recently
shot and killed in Vancouver. Bur
terfield, while in Stanford, was a mem
ber of Encina Club and played tackle
or his Freshman football team.
C. L. Van Dine, Stanford, '00, late
Territorial entomologist of Hawaii, is
to be special agent of the Department
of Agriculture in charge of sugar cane
and rice investigations. David T. Full
away, Stanford '08, his assistant, is
promoted to be Territorial entomolo
gist of Hawaii.
H. P. Hutterfleld, '07, was recently
shot and killed in Vancouver. Bur
terfield, while in Stanford, was a mem
ber of Encina Club and played tackle
or his Freshman football team.
C. L. Van Dine, Stanford, '00, late
Territorial entomologist of Hawaii, is
to be special agent of the Department
of Agriculture in charge of sugar cane
and rice investigations. David T. Full
away, Stanford '08, his assistant, is
promoted to be Territorial entomolo
gist of Hawaii.
H. P. Hutterfleld, '07, was recently
shot and killed in Vancouver. Bur
terfield, while in Stanford, was a mem
ber of Encina Club and played tackle
or his Freshman football team.
C. L. Van Dine, Stanford, '00, late
Territorial entomologist of Hawaii, is
to be special agent of the Department
of Agriculture in charge of sugar cane
and rice investigations. David T. Full
away, Stanford '08, his assistant, is
promoted to be Territorial entomolo
gist of Hawaii.
H. P. Hutterfleld, '07, was recently
shot and killed in Vancouver. Bur
terfield, while in Stanford, was a mem
ber of Encina Club and played tackle
or his Freshman football team.
C. L. Van Dine, Stanford, '00, late
Territorial entomologist of Hawaii, is
to be special agent of the Department
of Agriculture in charge of sugar cane
and rice investigations. David T. Full
away, Stanford '08, his assistant, is
promoted to be Territorial entomolo
gist of Hawaii.
H. P. Hutterfleld, '07, was recently
shot and killed in Vancouver. Bur
terfield, while in Stanford, was a mem
ber of Encina Club and played tackle
or his Freshman football team.
C. L. Van Dine, Stanford, '00, late
Territorial entomologist of Hawaii, is
to be special agent of the Department
of Agriculture in charge of sugar cane
and rice investigations. David T. Full
away, Stanford '08, his assistant, is
promoted to be Territorial entomolo
gist of Hawaii.
