# STANFORD TO UPHOLD NEGATIVE
## California Chooses Affirmative of Question Submitted for Intercollegiate Debate. 
### 
Stanford will this year uphold the
negative side of the question that has
been chosen for the intercollegiate de
hate, which will be held upon the eve
ning of April 17. The Cardinal deba
ters submitted the question for this
contest to the University of California
this year, thus giving the choice of
sides to the State institution, which
selected the affirmative. The question
for debate as submitted reads, "Re
solved. That our legislation should be
shaped toward the gradual abandon
donment of the protective tariff."
Contestants for places upon the two
teams that are to be selected this year
have submitted their names to the In
tersociety Debating League, and the
committee in charge requests that all
t'iose who are themselves unable to
compete in the preliminary tryouts
will notify either G. B. Bush, '09, or
.1 H. Shelton, '10. This notification
will greatly facilitate the final ar
rangement of the squads that will in
dividually debate the intercollegiate
question upon the evening ot'
March 22.
Stanford will this year uphold the
negative side of the question that has
been chosen for the intercollegiate de
hate, which will be held upon the eve
ning of April 17. The Cardinal deba
ters submitted the question for this
contest to the University of California
this year, thus giving the choice of
sides to the State institution, which
selected the affirmative. The question
for debate as submitted reads, "Re
solved. That our legislation should be
shaped toward the gradual abandon
donment of the protective tariff."
Contestants for places upon the two
teams that are to be selected this year
have submitted their names to the In
tersociety Debating League, and the
committee in charge requests that all
t'iose who are themselves unable to
compete in the preliminary tryouts
will notify either G. B. Bush, '09, or
.1 H. Shelton, '10. This notification
will greatly facilitate the final ar
rangement of the squads that will in
dividually debate the intercollegiate
question upon the evening ot'
March 22.
Stanford will this year uphold the
negative side of the question that has
been chosen for the intercollegiate de
hate, which will be held upon the eve
ning of April 17. The Cardinal deba
ters submitted the question for this
contest to the University of California
this year, thus giving the choice of
sides to the State institution, which
selected the affirmative. The question
for debate as submitted reads, "Re
solved. That our legislation should be
shaped toward the gradual abandon
donment of the protective tariff."
Contestants for places upon the two
teams that are to be selected this year
have submitted their names to the In
tersociety Debating League, and the
committee in charge requests that all
t'iose who are themselves unable to
compete in the preliminary tryouts
will notify either G. B. Bush, '09, or
.1 H. Shelton, '10. This notification
will greatly facilitate the final ar
rangement of the squads that will in
dividually debate the intercollegiate
question upon the evening ot'
March 22.
Stanford will this year uphold the
negative side of the question that has
been chosen for the intercollegiate de
hate, which will be held upon the eve
ning of April 17. The Cardinal deba
ters submitted the question for this
contest to the University of California
this year, thus giving the choice of
sides to the State institution, which
selected the affirmative. The question
for debate as submitted reads, "Re
solved. That our legislation should be
shaped toward the gradual abandon
donment of the protective tariff."
Contestants for places upon the two
teams that are to be selected this year
have submitted their names to the In
tersociety Debating League, and the
committee in charge requests that all
t'iose who are themselves unable to
compete in the preliminary tryouts
will notify either G. B. Bush, '09, or
.1 H. Shelton, '10. This notification
will greatly facilitate the final ar
rangement of the squads that will in
dividually debate the intercollegiate
question upon the evening ot'
March 22.
Stanford will this year uphold the
negative side of the question that has
been chosen for the intercollegiate de
hate, which will be held upon the eve
ning of April 17. The Cardinal deba
ters submitted the question for this
contest to the University of California
this year, thus giving the choice of
sides to the State institution, which
selected the affirmative. The question
for debate as submitted reads, "Re
solved. That our legislation should be
shaped toward the gradual abandon
donment of the protective tariff."
Contestants for places upon the two
teams that are to be selected this year
have submitted their names to the In
tersociety Debating League, and the
committee in charge requests that all
t'iose who are themselves unable to
compete in the preliminary tryouts
will notify either G. B. Bush, '09, or
.1 H. Shelton, '10. This notification
will greatly facilitate the final ar
rangement of the squads that will in
dividually debate the intercollegiate
question upon the evening ot'
March 22.
Stanford will this year uphold the
negative side of the question that has
been chosen for the intercollegiate de
hate, which will be held upon the eve
ning of April 17. The Cardinal deba
ters submitted the question for this
contest to the University of California
this year, thus giving the choice of
sides to the State institution, which
selected the affirmative. The question
for debate as submitted reads, "Re
solved. That our legislation should be
shaped toward the gradual abandon
donment of the protective tariff."
Contestants for places upon the two
teams that are to be selected this year
have submitted their names to the In
tersociety Debating League, and the
committee in charge requests that all
t'iose who are themselves unable to
compete in the preliminary tryouts
will notify either G. B. Bush, '09, or
.1 H. Shelton, '10. This notification
will greatly facilitate the final ar
rangement of the squads that will in
dividually debate the intercollegiate
question upon the evening ot'
March 22.
Stanford will this year uphold the
negative side of the question that has
been chosen for the intercollegiate de
hate, which will be held upon the eve
ning of April 17. The Cardinal deba
ters submitted the question for this
contest to the University of California
this year, thus giving the choice of
sides to the State institution, which
selected the affirmative. The question
for debate as submitted reads, "Re
solved. That our legislation should be
shaped toward the gradual abandon
donment of the protective tariff."
Contestants for places upon the two
teams that are to be selected this year
have submitted their names to the In
tersociety Debating League, and the
committee in charge requests that all
t'iose who are themselves unable to
compete in the preliminary tryouts
will notify either G. B. Bush, '09, or
.1 H. Shelton, '10. This notification
will greatly facilitate the final ar
rangement of the squads that will in
dividually debate the intercollegiate
question upon the evening ot'
March 22.
Stanford will this year uphold the
negative side of the question that has
been chosen for the intercollegiate de
hate, which will be held upon the eve
ning of April 17. The Cardinal deba
ters submitted the question for this
contest to the University of California
this year, thus giving the choice of
sides to the State institution, which
selected the affirmative. The question
for debate as submitted reads, "Re
solved. That our legislation should be
shaped toward the gradual abandon
donment of the protective tariff."
Contestants for places upon the two
teams that are to be selected this year
have submitted their names to the In
tersociety Debating League, and the
committee in charge requests that all
t'iose who are themselves unable to
compete in the preliminary tryouts
will notify either G. B. Bush, '09, or
.1 H. Shelton, '10. This notification
will greatly facilitate the final ar
rangement of the squads that will in
dividually debate the intercollegiate
question upon the evening ot'
March 22.
Stanford will this year uphold the
negative side of the question that has
been chosen for the intercollegiate de
hate, which will be held upon the eve
ning of April 17. The Cardinal deba
ters submitted the question for this
contest to the University of California
this year, thus giving the choice of
sides to the State institution, which
selected the affirmative. The question
for debate as submitted reads, "Re
solved. That our legislation should be
shaped toward the gradual abandon
donment of the protective tariff."
Contestants for places upon the two
teams that are to be selected this year
have submitted their names to the In
tersociety Debating League, and the
committee in charge requests that all
t'iose who are themselves unable to
compete in the preliminary tryouts
will notify either G. B. Bush, '09, or
.1 H. Shelton, '10. This notification
will greatly facilitate the final ar
rangement of the squads that will in
dividually debate the intercollegiate
question upon the evening ot'
March 22.
Stanford will this year uphold the
negative side of the question that has
been chosen for the intercollegiate de
hate, which will be held upon the eve
ning of April 17. The Cardinal deba
ters submitted the question for this
contest to the University of California
this year, thus giving the choice of
sides to the State institution, which
selected the affirmative. The question
for debate as submitted reads, "Re
solved. That our legislation should be
shaped toward the gradual abandon
donment of the protective tariff."
Contestants for places upon the two
teams that are to be selected this year
have submitted their names to the In
tersociety Debating League, and the
committee in charge requests that all
t'iose who are themselves unable to
compete in the preliminary tryouts
will notify either G. B. Bush, '09, or
.1 H. Shelton, '10. This notification
will greatly facilitate the final ar
rangement of the squads that will in
dividually debate the intercollegiate
question upon the evening ot'
March 22.
