# Adv. 32 Page 5
## 
### 
When you bring your
wcrtch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
to a rigid scientific
check by the
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on your watch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryant 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
When you bring your
wcrtch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
to a rigid scientific
check by the
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on your watch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryant 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
When you bring your
wcrtch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
to a rigid scientific
check by the
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on your watch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryant 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
When you bring your
wcrtch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
to a rigid scientific
check by the
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on your watch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryant 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
When you bring your
wcrtch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
to a rigid scientific
check by the
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on your watch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryant 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
When you bring your
wcrtch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
to a rigid scientific
check by the
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on your watch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryant 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
When you bring your
wcrtch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
to a rigid scientific
check by the
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on your watch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryant 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
When you bring your
wcrtch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
to a rigid scientific
check by the
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on your watch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryant 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
When you bring your
wcrtch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
to a rigid scientific
check by the
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on your watch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryant 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
When you bring your
wcrtch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
to a rigid scientific
check by the
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on your watch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryant 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
When you bring your
wcrtch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
to a rigid scientific
check by the
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on your watch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryant 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
When you bring your
wcrtch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
to a rigid scientific
check by the
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on your watch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryant 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
When you bring your
wcrtch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
to a rigid scientific
check by the
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on your watch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryant 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
When you bring your
wcrtch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
to a rigid scientific
check by the
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on your watch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryant 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
When you bring your
wcrtch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
to a rigid scientific
check by the
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on your watch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryant 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
When you bring your
wcrtch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
to a rigid scientific
check by the
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on your watch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryant 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
When you bring your
wcrtch here, all finished
repair work is subjected
to a rigid scientific
check by the
Your watch "prints" its
own record of perform
ance, a "proof" of accu
racy. Insist upon this
protection on your watch
investment.
CARLYLES
535 Bryant 323-2834
Downtown Palo Alto
-YOUR COLLEGE JEWELER
