# Author to Discuss Book on Involution
## 
### 
William Irvine, professor of
English at Stanford, will discuss
his book "Apes. Angels, and Vic
torians" Sunday afternoon at 4:30
in the small lounge at Tresidder.
Irvine's speech is the first in
Tresidder Union's 1963-1964 au
thor's series. "Apes, Angels and
Victorians" is a study of the em
ergence of the theory of evolu
tion and of the personalities of
Darwin, Huxley, and others who
led a veritable scientific revolu
tion. Irvine will speak on his rea
sons for writing the book and will
describe his research in England.
Professor Irvine will lead a dis
cussion of tho subject matter of
the book during the coffee hour
after the speech.
