# Prof to Defend African Apartheid
## 
### 
The Stanford Law Forum will
present another in its series on
law in the modern society this
morning at 11 a.m. in room 161 -J.
Professor C. A. VV. Manning will
discuss "The South African Dile
ma." The main purpose of his
speech will be a defense of South
Africa's racial policy. Manning
will defend iho Apartheid from
both a legal and sociological view
point.
Manning who has studied at
Oxford and the College of South
Africa, is an authority in Interna
tional Law and Diplomacy. For a
number of years ho was the per
sonal assistant to the Secretary-
General of the League of Nations.
Later he studied at Harvard as a
Rockefeller Fellow. He has also
published several books and ar
ticles on British policies and juris
rpudence.
On December 6 Allard K.
Lowenstein, who has forcibly
brought the Civil Rights question
to Stanford, will present a rebut
tal to Manning's presentation.
Lowenstein will hear the speech
via tape recordings and prepare
his rebuttal.
The Law Reform series con
tinue next week with a discussino
of criminal trial methods by two
noted lawyers, Mr. ,T. W. i.Taket
Krlich and Mr. Melvin Belli.
