# Tribe-San Jose Duel
## 
### 
Coach Payton Jordan sends his
Stanford cross-country team into
action this afternoon in st.il! an
other rematch with the San Jose
Spartans when the Big Six cham
pion Indians compete in the
Northern California Invitational
at San Jose at 4 p.m. In previous
outings against the Spartans, Jor
dan's men have placed second to
them in tho Sacramento State
Invitational and been shut out in
a dual meet.
Coach Payton Jordan sends his
Stanford cross-country team into
action this afternoon in st.il! an
other rematch with the San Jose
Spartans when the Big Six cham
pion Indians compete in the
Northern California Invitational
at San Jose at 4 p.m. In previous
outings against the Spartans, Jor
dan's men have placed second to
them in tho Sacramento State
Invitational and been shut out in
a dual meet.
Coach Payton Jordan sends his
Stanford cross-country team into
action this afternoon in st.il! an
other rematch with the San Jose
Spartans when the Big Six cham
pion Indians compete in the
Northern California Invitational
at San Jose at 4 p.m. In previous
outings against the Spartans, Jor
dan's men have placed second to
them in tho Sacramento State
Invitational and been shut out in
a dual meet.
Coach Payton Jordan sends his
Stanford cross-country team into
action this afternoon in st.il! an
other rematch with the San Jose
Spartans when the Big Six cham
pion Indians compete in the
Northern California Invitational
at San Jose at 4 p.m. In previous
outings against the Spartans, Jor
dan's men have placed second to
them in tho Sacramento State
Invitational and been shut out in
a dual meet.
Coach Payton Jordan sends his
Stanford cross-country team into
action this afternoon in st.il! an
other rematch with the San Jose
Spartans when the Big Six cham
pion Indians compete in the
Northern California Invitational
at San Jose at 4 p.m. In previous
outings against the Spartans, Jor
dan's men have placed second to
them in tho Sacramento State
Invitational and been shut out in
a dual meet.
Coach Payton Jordan sends his
Stanford cross-country team into
action this afternoon in st.il! an
other rematch with the San Jose
Spartans when the Big Six cham
pion Indians compete in the
Northern California Invitational
at San Jose at 4 p.m. In previous
outings against the Spartans, Jor
dan's men have placed second to
them in tho Sacramento State
Invitational and been shut out in
a dual meet.
Coach Payton Jordan sends his
Stanford cross-country team into
action this afternoon in st.il! an
other rematch with the San Jose
Spartans when the Big Six cham
pion Indians compete in the
Northern California Invitational
at San Jose at 4 p.m. In previous
outings against the Spartans, Jor
dan's men have placed second to
them in tho Sacramento State
Invitational and been shut out in
a dual meet.
Coach Payton Jordan sends his
Stanford cross-country team into
action this afternoon in st.il! an
other rematch with the San Jose
Spartans when the Big Six cham
pion Indians compete in the
Northern California Invitational
at San Jose at 4 p.m. In previous
outings against the Spartans, Jor
dan's men have placed second to
them in tho Sacramento State
Invitational and been shut out in
a dual meet.
Coach Payton Jordan sends his
Stanford cross-country team into
action this afternoon in st.il! an
other rematch with the San Jose
Spartans when the Big Six cham
pion Indians compete in the
Northern California Invitational
at San Jose at 4 p.m. In previous
outings against the Spartans, Jor
dan's men have placed second to
them in tho Sacramento State
Invitational and been shut out in
a dual meet.
Coach Payton Jordan sends his
Stanford cross-country team into
action this afternoon in st.il! an
other rematch with the San Jose
Spartans when the Big Six cham
pion Indians compete in the
Northern California Invitational
at San Jose at 4 p.m. In previous
outings against the Spartans, Jor
dan's men have placed second to
them in tho Sacramento State
Invitational and been shut out in
a dual meet.
Coach Payton Jordan sends his
Stanford cross-country team into
action this afternoon in st.il! an
other rematch with the San Jose
Spartans when the Big Six cham
pion Indians compete in the
Northern California Invitational
at San Jose at 4 p.m. In previous
outings against the Spartans, Jor
dan's men have placed second to
them in tho Sacramento State
Invitational and been shut out in
a dual meet.
Coach Payton Jordan sends his
Stanford cross-country team into
action this afternoon in st.il! an
other rematch with the San Jose
Spartans when the Big Six cham
pion Indians compete in the
Northern California Invitational
at San Jose at 4 p.m. In previous
outings against the Spartans, Jor
dan's men have placed second to
them in tho Sacramento State
Invitational and been shut out in
a dual meet.
Coach Payton Jordan sends his
Stanford cross-country team into
action this afternoon in st.il! an
other rematch with the San Jose
Spartans when the Big Six cham
pion Indians compete in the
Northern California Invitational
at San Jose at 4 p.m. In previous
outings against the Spartans, Jor
dan's men have placed second to
them in tho Sacramento State
Invitational and been shut out in
a dual meet.
Coach Payton Jordan sends his
Stanford cross-country team into
action this afternoon in st.il! an
other rematch with the San Jose
Spartans when the Big Six cham
pion Indians compete in the
Northern California Invitational
at San Jose at 4 p.m. In previous
outings against the Spartans, Jor
dan's men have placed second to
them in tho Sacramento State
Invitational and been shut out in
a dual meet.
Coach Payton Jordan sends his
Stanford cross-country team into
action this afternoon in st.il! an
other rematch with the San Jose
Spartans when the Big Six cham
pion Indians compete in the
Northern California Invitational
at San Jose at 4 p.m. In previous
outings against the Spartans, Jor
dan's men have placed second to
them in tho Sacramento State
Invitational and been shut out in
a dual meet.
Coach Payton Jordan sends his
Stanford cross-country team into
action this afternoon in st.il! an
other rematch with the San Jose
Spartans when the Big Six cham
pion Indians compete in the
Northern California Invitational
at San Jose at 4 p.m. In previous
outings against the Spartans, Jor
dan's men have placed second to
them in tho Sacramento State
Invitational and been shut out in
a dual meet.
Coach Payton Jordan sends his
Stanford cross-country team into
action this afternoon in st.il! an
other rematch with the San Jose
Spartans when the Big Six cham
pion Indians compete in the
Northern California Invitational
at San Jose at 4 p.m. In previous
outings against the Spartans, Jor
dan's men have placed second to
them in tho Sacramento State
Invitational and been shut out in
a dual meet.
