# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A lack of interest and enthusi
asm on the part of the bleachers
during the football practice this
season has been very noticeable.
The trouble is that there has been
no organized yell leading. No one

has been willing to take the job
day in and day out, and give up
an â€¢hour and a half to it every
afternoon; and even those nights
when we have had a yell leader he
has not kept us as busy as he
might. This lack of yelling, if it
may be so called, is a bad thing for
two reasons. In the first place, we
should do all in our power to en
courage our football men. Every
really good play deserves some
recognition from the bleachers, but
very few of them get it. In the
second place, we can not expect to
do any concentrated or effective
yelling at the big game without
practice. The Varsity yell is not
given with anything like the uni
son it deserves, and the old axe
yell is scarcely heard at all. As
for the new football song, it
not been sung once on the bleach
ers to our knowledge. We can not
stand the disgrace of having Berk
eley out-yell us on November 9th,
but it will come to that unless we
organize our yelling and make it
more effective at football practice.
