# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In an editorial entitled "A Stan
ford Victory," the Daily Califpr
nian nays: "We would not, if it
were possible, detract in the small
est degree from Stanford's victory.
California was defeated fairly and
squarely in a game marked by the
olean football played by both
teams. California can only con
gratulate the visitors." We ap
preciate the courtesy shown us.
In an editorial entitled "A Stan
ford Victory," the Daily Califpr
nian nays: "We would not, if it
were possible, detract in the small
est degree from Stanford's victory.
California was defeated fairly and
squarely in a game marked by the
olean football played by both
teams. California can only con
gratulate the visitors." We ap
preciate the courtesy shown us.
In an editorial entitled "A Stan
ford Victory," the Daily Califpr
nian nays: "We would not, if it
were possible, detract in the small
est degree from Stanford's victory.
California was defeated fairly and
squarely in a game marked by the
olean football played by both
teams. California can only con
gratulate the visitors." We ap
preciate the courtesy shown us.
In an editorial entitled "A Stan
ford Victory," the Daily Califpr
nian nays: "We would not, if it
were possible, detract in the small
est degree from Stanford's victory.
California was defeated fairly and
squarely in a game marked by the
olean football played by both
teams. California can only con
gratulate the visitors." We ap
preciate the courtesy shown us.
In an editorial entitled "A Stan
ford Victory," the Daily Califpr
nian nays: "We would not, if it
were possible, detract in the small
est degree from Stanford's victory.
California was defeated fairly and
squarely in a game marked by the
olean football played by both
teams. California can only con
gratulate the visitors." We ap
preciate the courtesy shown us.
In an editorial entitled "A Stan
ford Victory," the Daily Califpr
nian nays: "We would not, if it
were possible, detract in the small
est degree from Stanford's victory.
California was defeated fairly and
squarely in a game marked by the
olean football played by both
teams. California can only con
gratulate the visitors." We ap
preciate the courtesy shown us.
In an editorial entitled "A Stan
ford Victory," the Daily Califpr
nian nays: "We would not, if it
were possible, detract in the small
est degree from Stanford's victory.
California was defeated fairly and
squarely in a game marked by the
olean football played by both
teams. California can only con
gratulate the visitors." We ap
preciate the courtesy shown us.
In an editorial entitled "A Stan
ford Victory," the Daily Califpr
nian nays: "We would not, if it
were possible, detract in the small
est degree from Stanford's victory.
California was defeated fairly and
squarely in a game marked by the
olean football played by both
teams. California can only con
gratulate the visitors." We ap
preciate the courtesy shown us.
