# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Word has been received from
headquarters of the Cuban army at
(iuoiiuro, Camaguey, under date of
October, 29, which emu firms the re
port of tlie death of \V. i). Osgood,
the famous Pennsylvania halfback.
According to the correspondent,
Osgood was struck in the forehead
by a Manser bullet during the
second day of the siege of (luia
niaro, while training one of his
pieces on the forts. Death was iu
<la ntaneous. ()sgood, whose sympa
thies had been excited by the news
of the struggle in Cuba, joined one
of the expeditions from Philadel
phia for the little island a few
months after his graduation from
the University of Pennsylvania in
1895. His services were gratefully
accepted and because of his ability
and capacity for leadership he whs
promoted from time to time till, at
the time of his death, he had at
tained the rank of major.
