# Crossword
## 
### 
ACROSS
1 One in charge
5 Ticketless rail
rider
9 Resell at a major
markup
14 Pirate's syllables
15 Bean product?
16 More virtuous
17 Coach's pregame
lecture
19 University of
Maine town
20 Raptor's roost
21 Late-night Jay
23 Diarist Anai's
24 Home seller-and
buyer's short
term loan
28 TV revue since
75
29 Acting instructor's
deg., perhaps
30 Start to knock?
34 Pop music's Lady
37 Surround
securely
41 1929 women's air
race, as dubbed
by Will Rogers
44 Rail rider
45 1944 invasion city
46 Spot for a hoop
47 WWII espionage
9P
-49 Oktoberfest cry
51 Production
number director's
cry
60 Gambling letters
61 Gambling city
62 Assumed identity
63 Absolut rival, for
short
65 Summer shindig,
and a hint to the
starts of 17-, 24-,
41- and 51-
Across
68 Fruit served in
balls
69 Way to store pix
70 Prepare for a shot
71 Speak at length
72 Soup veggies
73 Job opening

DOWN
1 How many city
folks travel

2 Fireworks
watcher
3 Puppeteer Lewis
4 Three
dimensional
5 Wallop
6 Harem room
7 Attorney Melvin
8 Like wine barrels
9 Pampered
10 Mangy mongrel
11 Rice-
12 Bolshevik leader
13 Plug projection
18 Tapped barrels
22 '6os-70s service
site, briefly
25 Certain Caltech
grad: Abbr.
26 Envelope parts
27 Desert mount
30 Well-chosen
31 Fish-fowl
connection
32 Bygone intl.
carrier
33 Jerk
35 Instinctive, as a
feeling
36 Company with a
web-footed
spokescritter
38 Short relative?

39 Recede
40 Change, as one's
locks?
42 Elect to a Hall of
Fame, say
43 Nina of
"Spartacus"
48 "What did I tell
you?"
50 Disorderly
mound
51 Women's mag
52 Put into words

53 African virus
54 "Hop Dr.
Seuss book
55 ABC's Arledge
56 High-fives, e.g.
57 Divided Austrian
state
58 Joe's "Midnight
Cowboy" pal
59 Up to this point
64 Subdivision unit
66 Andean tuber
67 Mormons' gp.

By Bruce Venzke and Gail Grabowski 2/1/11

Monday's Puzzle Solved

(c)2011 Tribune Media Services, Inc. 2/1/11


ACROSS
1 One in charge
5 Ticketless rail
rider
9 Resell at a major
markup
14 Pirate's syllables
15 Bean product?
16 More virtuous
17 Coach's pregame
lecture
19 University of
Maine town
20 Raptor's roost
21 Late-night Jay
23 Diarist Anai's
24 Home seller-and
buyer's short
term loan
28 TV revue since
75
29 Acting instructor's
deg., perhaps
30 Start to knock?
34 Pop music's Lady
37 Surround
securely
41 1929 women's air
race, as dubbed
by Will Rogers
44 Rail rider
45 1944 invasion city
46 Spot for a hoop
47 WWII espionage
9P
-49 Oktoberfest cry
51 Production
number director's
cry
60 Gambling letters
61 Gambling city
62 Assumed identity
63 Absolut rival, for
short
65 Summer shindig,
and a hint to the
starts of 17-, 24-,
41- and 51-
Across
68 Fruit served in
balls
69 Way to store pix
70 Prepare for a shot
71 Speak at length
72 Soup veggies
73 Job opening

DOWN
1 How many city
folks travel

2 Fireworks
watcher
3 Puppeteer Lewis
4 Three
dimensional
5 Wallop
6 Harem room
7 Attorney Melvin
8 Like wine barrels
9 Pampered
10 Mangy mongrel
11 Rice-
12 Bolshevik leader
13 Plug projection
18 Tapped barrels
22 '6os-70s service
site, briefly
25 Certain Caltech
grad: Abbr.
26 Envelope parts
27 Desert mount
30 Well-chosen
31 Fish-fowl
connection
32 Bygone intl.
carrier
33 Jerk
35 Instinctive, as a
feeling
36 Company with a
web-footed
spokescritter
38 Short relative?

39 Recede
40 Change, as one's
locks?
42 Elect to a Hall of
Fame, say
43 Nina of
"Spartacus"
48 "What did I tell
you?"
50 Disorderly
mound
51 Women's mag
52 Put into words

53 African virus
54 "Hop Dr.
Seuss book
55 ABC's Arledge
56 High-fives, e.g.
57 Divided Austrian
state
58 Joe's "Midnight
Cowboy" pal
59 Up to this point
64 Subdivision unit
66 Andean tuber
67 Mormons' gp.

By Bruce Venzke and Gail Grabowski 2/1/11

Monday's Puzzle Solved

(c)2011 Tribune Media Services, Inc. 2/1/11


ACROSS
1 One in charge
5 Ticketless rail
rider
9 Resell at a major
markup
14 Pirate's syllables
15 Bean product?
16 More virtuous
17 Coach's pregame
lecture
19 University of
Maine town
20 Raptor's roost
21 Late-night Jay
23 Diarist Anai's
24 Home seller-and
buyer's short
term loan
28 TV revue since
75
29 Acting instructor's
deg., perhaps
30 Start to knock?
34 Pop music's Lady
37 Surround
securely
41 1929 women's air
race, as dubbed
by Will Rogers
44 Rail rider
45 1944 invasion city
46 Spot for a hoop
47 WWII espionage
9P
-49 Oktoberfest cry
51 Production
number director's
cry
60 Gambling letters
61 Gambling city
62 Assumed identity
63 Absolut rival, for
short
65 Summer shindig,
and a hint to the
starts of 17-, 24-,
41- and 51-
Across
68 Fruit served in
balls
69 Way to store pix
70 Prepare for a shot
71 Speak at length
72 Soup veggies
73 Job opening

DOWN
1 How many city
folks travel

2 Fireworks
watcher
3 Puppeteer Lewis
4 Three
dimensional
5 Wallop
6 Harem room
7 Attorney Melvin
8 Like wine barrels
9 Pampered
10 Mangy mongrel
11 Rice-
12 Bolshevik leader
13 Plug projection
18 Tapped barrels
22 '6os-70s service
site, briefly
25 Certain Caltech
grad: Abbr.
26 Envelope parts
27 Desert mount
30 Well-chosen
31 Fish-fowl
connection
32 Bygone intl.
carrier
33 Jerk
35 Instinctive, as a
feeling
36 Company with a
web-footed
spokescritter
38 Short relative?

39 Recede
40 Change, as one's
locks?
42 Elect to a Hall of
Fame, say
43 Nina of
"Spartacus"
48 "What did I tell
you?"
50 Disorderly
mound
51 Women's mag
52 Put into words

53 African virus
54 "Hop Dr.
Seuss book
55 ABC's Arledge
56 High-fives, e.g.
57 Divided Austrian
state
58 Joe's "Midnight
Cowboy" pal
59 Up to this point
64 Subdivision unit
66 Andean tuber
67 Mormons' gp.

By Bruce Venzke and Gail Grabowski 2/1/11

Monday's Puzzle Solved

(c)2011 Tribune Media Services, Inc. 2/1/11


ACROSS
1 One in charge
5 Ticketless rail
rider
9 Resell at a major
markup
14 Pirate's syllables
15 Bean product?
16 More virtuous
17 Coach's pregame
lecture
19 University of
Maine town
20 Raptor's roost
21 Late-night Jay
23 Diarist Anai's
24 Home seller-and
buyer's short
term loan
28 TV revue since
75
29 Acting instructor's
deg., perhaps
30 Start to knock?
34 Pop music's Lady
37 Surround
securely
41 1929 women's air
race, as dubbed
by Will Rogers
44 Rail rider
45 1944 invasion city
46 Spot for a hoop
47 WWII espionage
9P
-49 Oktoberfest cry
51 Production
number director's
cry
60 Gambling letters
61 Gambling city
62 Assumed identity
63 Absolut rival, for
short
65 Summer shindig,
and a hint to the
starts of 17-, 24-,
41- and 51-
Across
68 Fruit served in
balls
69 Way to store pix
70 Prepare for a shot
71 Speak at length
72 Soup veggies
73 Job opening

DOWN
1 How many city
folks travel

2 Fireworks
watcher
3 Puppeteer Lewis
4 Three
dimensional
5 Wallop
6 Harem room
7 Attorney Melvin
8 Like wine barrels
9 Pampered
10 Mangy mongrel
11 Rice-
12 Bolshevik leader
13 Plug projection
18 Tapped barrels
22 '6os-70s service
site, briefly
25 Certain Caltech
grad: Abbr.
26 Envelope parts
27 Desert mount
30 Well-chosen
31 Fish-fowl
connection
32 Bygone intl.
carrier
33 Jerk
35 Instinctive, as a
feeling
36 Company with a
web-footed
spokescritter
38 Short relative?

39 Recede
40 Change, as one's
locks?
42 Elect to a Hall of
Fame, say
43 Nina of
"Spartacus"
48 "What did I tell
you?"
50 Disorderly
mound
51 Women's mag
52 Put into words

53 African virus
54 "Hop Dr.
Seuss book
55 ABC's Arledge
56 High-fives, e.g.
57 Divided Austrian
state
58 Joe's "Midnight
Cowboy" pal
59 Up to this point
64 Subdivision unit
66 Andean tuber
67 Mormons' gp.

By Bruce Venzke and Gail Grabowski 2/1/11

Monday's Puzzle Solved

(c)2011 Tribune Media Services, Inc. 2/1/11


ACROSS
1 One in charge
5 Ticketless rail
rider
9 Resell at a major
markup
14 Pirate's syllables
15 Bean product?
16 More virtuous
17 Coach's pregame
lecture
19 University of
Maine town
20 Raptor's roost
21 Late-night Jay
23 Diarist Anai's
24 Home seller-and
buyer's short
term loan
28 TV revue since
75
29 Acting instructor's
deg., perhaps
30 Start to knock?
34 Pop music's Lady
37 Surround
securely
41 1929 women's air
race, as dubbed
by Will Rogers
44 Rail rider
45 1944 invasion city
46 Spot for a hoop
47 WWII espionage
9P
-49 Oktoberfest cry
51 Production
number director's
cry
60 Gambling letters
61 Gambling city
62 Assumed identity
63 Absolut rival, for
short
65 Summer shindig,
and a hint to the
starts of 17-, 24-,
41- and 51-
Across
68 Fruit served in
balls
69 Way to store pix
70 Prepare for a shot
71 Speak at length
72 Soup veggies
73 Job opening

DOWN
1 How many city
folks travel

2 Fireworks
watcher
3 Puppeteer Lewis
4 Three
dimensional
5 Wallop
6 Harem room
7 Attorney Melvin
8 Like wine barrels
9 Pampered
10 Mangy mongrel
11 Rice-
12 Bolshevik leader
13 Plug projection
18 Tapped barrels
22 '6os-70s service
site, briefly
25 Certain Caltech
grad: Abbr.
26 Envelope parts
27 Desert mount
30 Well-chosen
31 Fish-fowl
connection
32 Bygone intl.
carrier
33 Jerk
35 Instinctive, as a
feeling
36 Company with a
web-footed
spokescritter
38 Short relative?

39 Recede
40 Change, as one's
locks?
42 Elect to a Hall of
Fame, say
43 Nina of
"Spartacus"
48 "What did I tell
you?"
50 Disorderly
mound
51 Women's mag
52 Put into words

53 African virus
54 "Hop Dr.
Seuss book
55 ABC's Arledge
56 High-fives, e.g.
57 Divided Austrian
state
58 Joe's "Midnight
Cowboy" pal
59 Up to this point
64 Subdivision unit
66 Andean tuber
67 Mormons' gp.

By Bruce Venzke and Gail Grabowski 2/1/11

Monday's Puzzle Solved

(c)2011 Tribune Media Services, Inc. 2/1/11


ACROSS
1 One in charge
5 Ticketless rail
rider
9 Resell at a major
markup
14 Pirate's syllables
15 Bean product?
16 More virtuous
17 Coach's pregame
lecture
19 University of
Maine town
20 Raptor's roost
21 Late-night Jay
23 Diarist Anai's
24 Home seller-and
buyer's short
term loan
28 TV revue since
75
29 Acting instructor's
deg., perhaps
30 Start to knock?
34 Pop music's Lady
37 Surround
securely
41 1929 women's air
race, as dubbed
by Will Rogers
44 Rail rider
45 1944 invasion city
46 Spot for a hoop
47 WWII espionage
9P
-49 Oktoberfest cry
51 Production
number director's
cry
60 Gambling letters
61 Gambling city
62 Assumed identity
63 Absolut rival, for
short
65 Summer shindig,
and a hint to the
starts of 17-, 24-,
41- and 51-
Across
68 Fruit served in
balls
69 Way to store pix
70 Prepare for a shot
71 Speak at length
72 Soup veggies
73 Job opening

DOWN
1 How many city
folks travel

2 Fireworks
watcher
3 Puppeteer Lewis
4 Three
dimensional
5 Wallop
6 Harem room
7 Attorney Melvin
8 Like wine barrels
9 Pampered
10 Mangy mongrel
11 Rice-
12 Bolshevik leader
13 Plug projection
18 Tapped barrels
22 '6os-70s service
site, briefly
25 Certain Caltech
grad: Abbr.
26 Envelope parts
27 Desert mount
30 Well-chosen
31 Fish-fowl
connection
32 Bygone intl.
carrier
33 Jerk
35 Instinctive, as a
feeling
36 Company with a
web-footed
spokescritter
38 Short relative?

39 Recede
40 Change, as one's
locks?
42 Elect to a Hall of
Fame, say
43 Nina of
"Spartacus"
48 "What did I tell
you?"
50 Disorderly
mound
51 Women's mag
52 Put into words

53 African virus
54 "Hop Dr.
Seuss book
55 ABC's Arledge
56 High-fives, e.g.
57 Divided Austrian
state
58 Joe's "Midnight
Cowboy" pal
59 Up to this point
64 Subdivision unit
66 Andean tuber
67 Mormons' gp.

By Bruce Venzke and Gail Grabowski 2/1/11

Monday's Puzzle Solved

(c)2011 Tribune Media Services, Inc. 2/1/11


ACROSS
1 One in charge
5 Ticketless rail
rider
9 Resell at a major
markup
14 Pirate's syllables
15 Bean product?
16 More virtuous
17 Coach's pregame
lecture
19 University of
Maine town
20 Raptor's roost
21 Late-night Jay
23 Diarist Anai's
24 Home seller-and
buyer's short
term loan
28 TV revue since
75
29 Acting instructor's
deg., perhaps
30 Start to knock?
34 Pop music's Lady
37 Surround
securely
41 1929 women's air
race, as dubbed
by Will Rogers
44 Rail rider
45 1944 invasion city
46 Spot for a hoop
47 WWII espionage
9P
-49 Oktoberfest cry
51 Production
number director's
cry
60 Gambling letters
61 Gambling city
62 Assumed identity
63 Absolut rival, for
short
65 Summer shindig,
and a hint to the
starts of 17-, 24-,
41- and 51-
Across
68 Fruit served in
balls
69 Way to store pix
70 Prepare for a shot
71 Speak at length
72 Soup veggies
73 Job opening

DOWN
1 How many city
folks travel

2 Fireworks
watcher
3 Puppeteer Lewis
4 Three
dimensional
5 Wallop
6 Harem room
7 Attorney Melvin
8 Like wine barrels
9 Pampered
10 Mangy mongrel
11 Rice-
12 Bolshevik leader
13 Plug projection
18 Tapped barrels
22 '6os-70s service
site, briefly
25 Certain Caltech
grad: Abbr.
26 Envelope parts
27 Desert mount
30 Well-chosen
31 Fish-fowl
connection
32 Bygone intl.
carrier
33 Jerk
35 Instinctive, as a
feeling
36 Company with a
web-footed
spokescritter
38 Short relative?

39 Recede
40 Change, as one's
locks?
42 Elect to a Hall of
Fame, say
43 Nina of
"Spartacus"
48 "What did I tell
you?"
50 Disorderly
mound
51 Women's mag
52 Put into words

53 African virus
54 "Hop Dr.
Seuss book
55 ABC's Arledge
56 High-fives, e.g.
57 Divided Austrian
state
58 Joe's "Midnight
Cowboy" pal
59 Up to this point
64 Subdivision unit
66 Andean tuber
67 Mormons' gp.

By Bruce Venzke and Gail Grabowski 2/1/11

Monday's Puzzle Solved

(c)2011 Tribune Media Services, Inc. 2/1/11


