# Suspend Charter Of Sigma Chi on Stanford Campus
## 
### 
Punitive action was taken by the
national officers of Sigma Chi in en
dorsing the Administration's stand
regarding the Stanford chapter's re
cent violation of the University rul
ing prohibiting liquor in chapter
houses. The Administration cancelled
the chapter's lease and expelled nine
members of the fraternity who were
responsible for bringing liquor into
the house.
The national headquarters of the
fraternity in Chicago telephoned
President Wilbur informing him of
the penalties imposed on the Stanford
chapter. The penalties are included
in a series of enactments. In the first
the chapter is suspended until further
action by the general fraternity. In
the second the nine members bring
ing the liquor into the house are sus
pended from the fraternity for one
year. Third, the less culpable mem
bers are suspended for a quarter.
Fourth, all culpable members are on
probation while in the undergraduate
school. Fifth, the chapter is on pro
bation during the entire period that
any member of the present chapter
shall be in the undergraduate school.
The sixth enactment endorses the ad
ministrative action and requests that
the disapproval and condemnation of
the fraternity be made known to the
student body.
Punitive action was taken by the
national officers of Sigma Chi in en
dorsing the Administration's stand
regarding the Stanford chapter's re
cent violation of the University rul
ing prohibiting liquor in chapter
houses. The Administration cancelled
the chapter's lease and expelled nine
members of the fraternity who were
responsible for bringing liquor into
the house.
The national headquarters of the
fraternity in Chicago telephoned
President Wilbur informing him of
the penalties imposed on the Stanford
chapter. The penalties are included
in a series of enactments. In the first
the chapter is suspended until further
action by the general fraternity. In
the second the nine members bring
ing the liquor into the house are sus
pended from the fraternity for one
year. Third, the less culpable mem
bers are suspended for a quarter.
Fourth, all culpable members are on
probation while in the undergraduate
school. Fifth, the chapter is on pro
bation during the entire period that
any member of the present chapter
shall be in the undergraduate school.
The sixth enactment endorses the ad
ministrative action and requests that
the disapproval and condemnation of
the fraternity be made known to the
student body.
Punitive action was taken by the
national officers of Sigma Chi in en
dorsing the Administration's stand
regarding the Stanford chapter's re
cent violation of the University rul
ing prohibiting liquor in chapter
houses. The Administration cancelled
the chapter's lease and expelled nine
members of the fraternity who were
responsible for bringing liquor into
the house.
The national headquarters of the
fraternity in Chicago telephoned
President Wilbur informing him of
the penalties imposed on the Stanford
chapter. The penalties are included
in a series of enactments. In the first
the chapter is suspended until further
action by the general fraternity. In
the second the nine members bring
ing the liquor into the house are sus
pended from the fraternity for one
year. Third, the less culpable mem
bers are suspended for a quarter.
Fourth, all culpable members are on
probation while in the undergraduate
school. Fifth, the chapter is on pro
bation during the entire period that
any member of the present chapter
shall be in the undergraduate school.
The sixth enactment endorses the ad
ministrative action and requests that
the disapproval and condemnation of
the fraternity be made known to the
student body.
Punitive action was taken by the
national officers of Sigma Chi in en
dorsing the Administration's stand
regarding the Stanford chapter's re
cent violation of the University rul
ing prohibiting liquor in chapter
houses. The Administration cancelled
the chapter's lease and expelled nine
members of the fraternity who were
responsible for bringing liquor into
the house.
The national headquarters of the
fraternity in Chicago telephoned
President Wilbur informing him of
the penalties imposed on the Stanford
chapter. The penalties are included
in a series of enactments. In the first
the chapter is suspended until further
action by the general fraternity. In
the second the nine members bring
ing the liquor into the house are sus
pended from the fraternity for one
year. Third, the less culpable mem
bers are suspended for a quarter.
Fourth, all culpable members are on
probation while in the undergraduate
school. Fifth, the chapter is on pro
bation during the entire period that
any member of the present chapter
shall be in the undergraduate school.
The sixth enactment endorses the ad
ministrative action and requests that
the disapproval and condemnation of
the fraternity be made known to the
student body.
Punitive action was taken by the
national officers of Sigma Chi in en
dorsing the Administration's stand
regarding the Stanford chapter's re
cent violation of the University rul
ing prohibiting liquor in chapter
houses. The Administration cancelled
the chapter's lease and expelled nine
members of the fraternity who were
responsible for bringing liquor into
the house.
The national headquarters of the
fraternity in Chicago telephoned
President Wilbur informing him of
the penalties imposed on the Stanford
chapter. The penalties are included
in a series of enactments. In the first
the chapter is suspended until further
action by the general fraternity. In
the second the nine members bring
ing the liquor into the house are sus
pended from the fraternity for one
year. Third, the less culpable mem
bers are suspended for a quarter.
Fourth, all culpable members are on
probation while in the undergraduate
school. Fifth, the chapter is on pro
bation during the entire period that
any member of the present chapter
shall be in the undergraduate school.
The sixth enactment endorses the ad
ministrative action and requests that
the disapproval and condemnation of
the fraternity be made known to the
student body.
Punitive action was taken by the
national officers of Sigma Chi in en
dorsing the Administration's stand
regarding the Stanford chapter's re
cent violation of the University rul
ing prohibiting liquor in chapter
houses. The Administration cancelled
the chapter's lease and expelled nine
members of the fraternity who were
responsible for bringing liquor into
the house.
The national headquarters of the
fraternity in Chicago telephoned
President Wilbur informing him of
the penalties imposed on the Stanford
chapter. The penalties are included
in a series of enactments. In the first
the chapter is suspended until further
action by the general fraternity. In
the second the nine members bring
ing the liquor into the house are sus
pended from the fraternity for one
year. Third, the less culpable mem
bers are suspended for a quarter.
Fourth, all culpable members are on
probation while in the undergraduate
school. Fifth, the chapter is on pro
bation during the entire period that
any member of the present chapter
shall be in the undergraduate school.
The sixth enactment endorses the ad
ministrative action and requests that
the disapproval and condemnation of
the fraternity be made known to the
student body.
Punitive action was taken by the
national officers of Sigma Chi in en
dorsing the Administration's stand
regarding the Stanford chapter's re
cent violation of the University rul
ing prohibiting liquor in chapter
houses. The Administration cancelled
the chapter's lease and expelled nine
members of the fraternity who were
responsible for bringing liquor into
the house.
The national headquarters of the
fraternity in Chicago telephoned
President Wilbur informing him of
the penalties imposed on the Stanford
chapter. The penalties are included
in a series of enactments. In the first
the chapter is suspended until further
action by the general fraternity. In
the second the nine members bring
ing the liquor into the house are sus
pended from the fraternity for one
year. Third, the less culpable mem
bers are suspended for a quarter.
Fourth, all culpable members are on
probation while in the undergraduate
school. Fifth, the chapter is on pro
bation during the entire period that
any member of the present chapter
shall be in the undergraduate school.
The sixth enactment endorses the ad
ministrative action and requests that
the disapproval and condemnation of
the fraternity be made known to the
student body.
Punitive action was taken by the
national officers of Sigma Chi in en
dorsing the Administration's stand
regarding the Stanford chapter's re
cent violation of the University rul
ing prohibiting liquor in chapter
houses. The Administration cancelled
the chapter's lease and expelled nine
members of the fraternity who were
responsible for bringing liquor into
the house.
The national headquarters of the
fraternity in Chicago telephoned
President Wilbur informing him of
the penalties imposed on the Stanford
chapter. The penalties are included
in a series of enactments. In the first
the chapter is suspended until further
action by the general fraternity. In
the second the nine members bring
ing the liquor into the house are sus
pended from the fraternity for one
year. Third, the less culpable mem
bers are suspended for a quarter.
Fourth, all culpable members are on
probation while in the undergraduate
school. Fifth, the chapter is on pro
bation during the entire period that
any member of the present chapter
shall be in the undergraduate school.
The sixth enactment endorses the ad
ministrative action and requests that
the disapproval and condemnation of
the fraternity be made known to the
student body.
Punitive action was taken by the
national officers of Sigma Chi in en
dorsing the Administration's stand
regarding the Stanford chapter's re
cent violation of the University rul
ing prohibiting liquor in chapter
houses. The Administration cancelled
the chapter's lease and expelled nine
members of the fraternity who were
responsible for bringing liquor into
the house.
The national headquarters of the
fraternity in Chicago telephoned
President Wilbur informing him of
the penalties imposed on the Stanford
chapter. The penalties are included
in a series of enactments. In the first
the chapter is suspended until further
action by the general fraternity. In
the second the nine members bring
ing the liquor into the house are sus
pended from the fraternity for one
year. Third, the less culpable mem
bers are suspended for a quarter.
Fourth, all culpable members are on
probation while in the undergraduate
school. Fifth, the chapter is on pro
bation during the entire period that
any member of the present chapter
shall be in the undergraduate school.
The sixth enactment endorses the ad
ministrative action and requests that
the disapproval and condemnation of
the fraternity be made known to the
student body.
Punitive action was taken by the
national officers of Sigma Chi in en
dorsing the Administration's stand
regarding the Stanford chapter's re
cent violation of the University rul
ing prohibiting liquor in chapter
houses. The Administration cancelled
the chapter's lease and expelled nine
members of the fraternity who were
responsible for bringing liquor into
the house.
The national headquarters of the
fraternity in Chicago telephoned
President Wilbur informing him of
the penalties imposed on the Stanford
chapter. The penalties are included
in a series of enactments. In the first
the chapter is suspended until further
action by the general fraternity. In
the second the nine members bring
ing the liquor into the house are sus
pended from the fraternity for one
year. Third, the less culpable mem
bers are suspended for a quarter.
Fourth, all culpable members are on
probation while in the undergraduate
school. Fifth, the chapter is on pro
bation during the entire period that
any member of the present chapter
shall be in the undergraduate school.
The sixth enactment endorses the ad
ministrative action and requests that
the disapproval and condemnation of
the fraternity be made known to the
student body.
Punitive action was taken by the
national officers of Sigma Chi in en
dorsing the Administration's stand
regarding the Stanford chapter's re
cent violation of the University rul
ing prohibiting liquor in chapter
houses. The Administration cancelled
the chapter's lease and expelled nine
members of the fraternity who were
responsible for bringing liquor into
the house.
The national headquarters of the
fraternity in Chicago telephoned
President Wilbur informing him of
the penalties imposed on the Stanford
chapter. The penalties are included
in a series of enactments. In the first
the chapter is suspended until further
action by the general fraternity. In
the second the nine members bring
ing the liquor into the house are sus
pended from the fraternity for one
year. Third, the less culpable mem
bers are suspended for a quarter.
Fourth, all culpable members are on
probation while in the undergraduate
school. Fifth, the chapter is on pro
bation during the entire period that
any member of the present chapter
shall be in the undergraduate school.
The sixth enactment endorses the ad
ministrative action and requests that
the disapproval and condemnation of
the fraternity be made known to the
student body.
Punitive action was taken by the
national officers of Sigma Chi in en
dorsing the Administration's stand
regarding the Stanford chapter's re
cent violation of the University rul
ing prohibiting liquor in chapter
houses. The Administration cancelled
the chapter's lease and expelled nine
members of the fraternity who were
responsible for bringing liquor into
the house.
The national headquarters of the
fraternity in Chicago telephoned
President Wilbur informing him of
the penalties imposed on the Stanford
chapter. The penalties are included
in a series of enactments. In the first
the chapter is suspended until further
action by the general fraternity. In
the second the nine members bring
ing the liquor into the house are sus
pended from the fraternity for one
year. Third, the less culpable mem
bers are suspended for a quarter.
Fourth, all culpable members are on
probation while in the undergraduate
school. Fifth, the chapter is on pro
bation during the entire period that
any member of the present chapter
shall be in the undergraduate school.
The sixth enactment endorses the ad
ministrative action and requests that
the disapproval and condemnation of
the fraternity be made known to the
student body.
Punitive action was taken by the
national officers of Sigma Chi in en
dorsing the Administration's stand
regarding the Stanford chapter's re
cent violation of the University rul
ing prohibiting liquor in chapter
houses. The Administration cancelled
the chapter's lease and expelled nine
members of the fraternity who were
responsible for bringing liquor into
the house.
The national headquarters of the
fraternity in Chicago telephoned
President Wilbur informing him of
the penalties imposed on the Stanford
chapter. The penalties are included
in a series of enactments. In the first
the chapter is suspended until further
action by the general fraternity. In
the second the nine members bring
ing the liquor into the house are sus
pended from the fraternity for one
year. Third, the less culpable mem
bers are suspended for a quarter.
Fourth, all culpable members are on
probation while in the undergraduate
school. Fifth, the chapter is on pro
bation during the entire period that
any member of the present chapter
shall be in the undergraduate school.
The sixth enactment endorses the ad
ministrative action and requests that
the disapproval and condemnation of
the fraternity be made known to the
student body.
Punitive action was taken by the
national officers of Sigma Chi in en
dorsing the Administration's stand
regarding the Stanford chapter's re
cent violation of the University rul
ing prohibiting liquor in chapter
houses. The Administration cancelled
the chapter's lease and expelled nine
members of the fraternity who were
responsible for bringing liquor into
the house.
The national headquarters of the
fraternity in Chicago telephoned
President Wilbur informing him of
the penalties imposed on the Stanford
chapter. The penalties are included
in a series of enactments. In the first
the chapter is suspended until further
action by the general fraternity. In
the second the nine members bring
ing the liquor into the house are sus
pended from the fraternity for one
year. Third, the less culpable mem
bers are suspended for a quarter.
Fourth, all culpable members are on
probation while in the undergraduate
school. Fifth, the chapter is on pro
bation during the entire period that
any member of the present chapter
shall be in the undergraduate school.
The sixth enactment endorses the ad
ministrative action and requests that
the disapproval and condemnation of
the fraternity be made known to the
student body.
Punitive action was taken by the
national officers of Sigma Chi in en
dorsing the Administration's stand
regarding the Stanford chapter's re
cent violation of the University rul
ing prohibiting liquor in chapter
houses. The Administration cancelled
the chapter's lease and expelled nine
members of the fraternity who were
responsible for bringing liquor into
the house.
The national headquarters of the
fraternity in Chicago telephoned
President Wilbur informing him of
the penalties imposed on the Stanford
chapter. The penalties are included
in a series of enactments. In the first
the chapter is suspended until further
action by the general fraternity. In
the second the nine members bring
ing the liquor into the house are sus
pended from the fraternity for one
year. Third, the less culpable mem
bers are suspended for a quarter.
Fourth, all culpable members are on
probation while in the undergraduate
school. Fifth, the chapter is on pro
bation during the entire period that
any member of the present chapter
shall be in the undergraduate school.
The sixth enactment endorses the ad
ministrative action and requests that
the disapproval and condemnation of
the fraternity be made known to the
student body.
Punitive action was taken by the
national officers of Sigma Chi in en
dorsing the Administration's stand
regarding the Stanford chapter's re
cent violation of the University rul
ing prohibiting liquor in chapter
houses. The Administration cancelled
the chapter's lease and expelled nine
members of the fraternity who were
responsible for bringing liquor into
the house.
The national headquarters of the
fraternity in Chicago telephoned
President Wilbur informing him of
the penalties imposed on the Stanford
chapter. The penalties are included
in a series of enactments. In the first
the chapter is suspended until further
action by the general fraternity. In
the second the nine members bring
ing the liquor into the house are sus
pended from the fraternity for one
year. Third, the less culpable mem
bers are suspended for a quarter.
Fourth, all culpable members are on
probation while in the undergraduate
school. Fifth, the chapter is on pro
bation during the entire period that
any member of the present chapter
shall be in the undergraduate school.
The sixth enactment endorses the ad
ministrative action and requests that
the disapproval and condemnation of
the fraternity be made known to the
student body.
