# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Walter Homer has been elected to
captain the 1928 Northwestern foot
ball team.
Walter Homer has been elected to
captain the 1928 Northwestern foot
ball team.
Walter Homer has been elected to
captain the 1928 Northwestern foot
ball team.
Walter Homer has been elected to
captain the 1928 Northwestern foot
ball team.
Walter Homer has been elected to
captain the 1928 Northwestern foot
ball team.
Walter Homer has been elected to
captain the 1928 Northwestern foot
ball team.
Walter Homer has been elected to
captain the 1928 Northwestern foot
ball team.
Walter Homer has been elected to
captain the 1928 Northwestern foot
ball team.
Walter Homer has been elected to
captain the 1928 Northwestern foot
ball team.
Walter Homer has been elected to
captain the 1928 Northwestern foot
ball team.
Walter Homer has been elected to
captain the 1928 Northwestern foot
ball team.
Walter Homer has been elected to
captain the 1928 Northwestern foot
ball team.
Walter Homer has been elected to
captain the 1928 Northwestern foot
ball team.
Walter Homer has been elected to
captain the 1928 Northwestern foot
ball team.
Walter Homer has been elected to
captain the 1928 Northwestern foot
ball team.
Walter Homer has been elected to
captain the 1928 Northwestern foot
ball team.
