# Untitled Article
## 
### 
University of Oregon has abolished
the "Scandal Sheet," public report of
j students' grades.
University of Oregon has abolished
the "Scandal Sheet," public report of
j students' grades.
University of Oregon has abolished
the "Scandal Sheet," public report of
j students' grades.
University of Oregon has abolished
the "Scandal Sheet," public report of
j students' grades.
University of Oregon has abolished
the "Scandal Sheet," public report of
j students' grades.
University of Oregon has abolished
the "Scandal Sheet," public report of
j students' grades.
University of Oregon has abolished
the "Scandal Sheet," public report of
j students' grades.
University of Oregon has abolished
the "Scandal Sheet," public report of
j students' grades.
University of Oregon has abolished
the "Scandal Sheet," public report of
j students' grades.
University of Oregon has abolished
the "Scandal Sheet," public report of
j students' grades.
University of Oregon has abolished
the "Scandal Sheet," public report of
j students' grades.
University of Oregon has abolished
the "Scandal Sheet," public report of
j students' grades.
University of Oregon has abolished
the "Scandal Sheet," public report of
j students' grades.
University of Oregon has abolished
the "Scandal Sheet," public report of
j students' grades.
University of Oregon has abolished
the "Scandal Sheet," public report of
j students' grades.
University of Oregon has abolished
the "Scandal Sheet," public report of
j students' grades.
