# U.S. to Make Offense
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2. —American
Marines in Nicaragua are expected to
pursue a more vigorous offensive
against the rebels headed by General
Sandino when five officers and 150
Marines sail for Nicaragua from Now
York in a few days on the transport
(Thateau Thierry. This is described
here as a replacement move decided
upon some time before the serious
fighting last Friday.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2. —American
Marines in Nicaragua are expected to
pursue a more vigorous offensive
against the rebels headed by General
Sandino when five officers and 150
Marines sail for Nicaragua from Now
York in a few days on the transport
(Thateau Thierry. This is described
here as a replacement move decided
upon some time before the serious
fighting last Friday.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2. —American
Marines in Nicaragua are expected to
pursue a more vigorous offensive
against the rebels headed by General
Sandino when five officers and 150
Marines sail for Nicaragua from Now
York in a few days on the transport
(Thateau Thierry. This is described
here as a replacement move decided
upon some time before the serious
fighting last Friday.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2. —American
Marines in Nicaragua are expected to
pursue a more vigorous offensive
against the rebels headed by General
Sandino when five officers and 150
Marines sail for Nicaragua from Now
York in a few days on the transport
(Thateau Thierry. This is described
here as a replacement move decided
upon some time before the serious
fighting last Friday.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2. —American
Marines in Nicaragua are expected to
pursue a more vigorous offensive
against the rebels headed by General
Sandino when five officers and 150
Marines sail for Nicaragua from Now
York in a few days on the transport
(Thateau Thierry. This is described
here as a replacement move decided
upon some time before the serious
fighting last Friday.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2. —American
Marines in Nicaragua are expected to
pursue a more vigorous offensive
against the rebels headed by General
Sandino when five officers and 150
Marines sail for Nicaragua from Now
York in a few days on the transport
(Thateau Thierry. This is described
here as a replacement move decided
upon some time before the serious
fighting last Friday.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2. —American
Marines in Nicaragua are expected to
pursue a more vigorous offensive
against the rebels headed by General
Sandino when five officers and 150
Marines sail for Nicaragua from Now
York in a few days on the transport
(Thateau Thierry. This is described
here as a replacement move decided
upon some time before the serious
fighting last Friday.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2. —American
Marines in Nicaragua are expected to
pursue a more vigorous offensive
against the rebels headed by General
Sandino when five officers and 150
Marines sail for Nicaragua from Now
York in a few days on the transport
(Thateau Thierry. This is described
here as a replacement move decided
upon some time before the serious
fighting last Friday.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2. —American
Marines in Nicaragua are expected to
pursue a more vigorous offensive
against the rebels headed by General
Sandino when five officers and 150
Marines sail for Nicaragua from Now
York in a few days on the transport
(Thateau Thierry. This is described
here as a replacement move decided
upon some time before the serious
fighting last Friday.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2. —American
Marines in Nicaragua are expected to
pursue a more vigorous offensive
against the rebels headed by General
Sandino when five officers and 150
Marines sail for Nicaragua from Now
York in a few days on the transport
(Thateau Thierry. This is described
here as a replacement move decided
upon some time before the serious
fighting last Friday.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2. —American
Marines in Nicaragua are expected to
pursue a more vigorous offensive
against the rebels headed by General
Sandino when five officers and 150
Marines sail for Nicaragua from Now
York in a few days on the transport
(Thateau Thierry. This is described
here as a replacement move decided
upon some time before the serious
fighting last Friday.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2. —American
Marines in Nicaragua are expected to
pursue a more vigorous offensive
against the rebels headed by General
Sandino when five officers and 150
Marines sail for Nicaragua from Now
York in a few days on the transport
(Thateau Thierry. This is described
here as a replacement move decided
upon some time before the serious
fighting last Friday.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2. —American
Marines in Nicaragua are expected to
pursue a more vigorous offensive
against the rebels headed by General
Sandino when five officers and 150
Marines sail for Nicaragua from Now
York in a few days on the transport
(Thateau Thierry. This is described
here as a replacement move decided
upon some time before the serious
fighting last Friday.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2. —American
Marines in Nicaragua are expected to
pursue a more vigorous offensive
against the rebels headed by General
Sandino when five officers and 150
Marines sail for Nicaragua from Now
York in a few days on the transport
(Thateau Thierry. This is described
here as a replacement move decided
upon some time before the serious
fighting last Friday.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2. —American
Marines in Nicaragua are expected to
pursue a more vigorous offensive
against the rebels headed by General
Sandino when five officers and 150
Marines sail for Nicaragua from Now
York in a few days on the transport
(Thateau Thierry. This is described
here as a replacement move decided
upon some time before the serious
fighting last Friday.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2. —American
Marines in Nicaragua are expected to
pursue a more vigorous offensive
against the rebels headed by General
Sandino when five officers and 150
Marines sail for Nicaragua from Now
York in a few days on the transport
(Thateau Thierry. This is described
here as a replacement move decided
upon some time before the serious
fighting last Friday.
