# DAUGHTER BORN
## 
### 
Word has been received of the birth
of a daughter, Jacquelin, to Mr, and
Mrs. Archie C. Binns of New York
City. The parents are both Stanford
graduates.
Word has been received of the birth
of a daughter, Jacquelin, to Mr, and
Mrs. Archie C. Binns of New York
City. The parents are both Stanford
graduates.
Word has been received of the birth
of a daughter, Jacquelin, to Mr, and
Mrs. Archie C. Binns of New York
City. The parents are both Stanford
graduates.
Word has been received of the birth
of a daughter, Jacquelin, to Mr, and
Mrs. Archie C. Binns of New York
City. The parents are both Stanford
graduates.
Word has been received of the birth
of a daughter, Jacquelin, to Mr, and
Mrs. Archie C. Binns of New York
City. The parents are both Stanford
graduates.
Word has been received of the birth
of a daughter, Jacquelin, to Mr, and
Mrs. Archie C. Binns of New York
City. The parents are both Stanford
graduates.
Word has been received of the birth
of a daughter, Jacquelin, to Mr, and
Mrs. Archie C. Binns of New York
City. The parents are both Stanford
graduates.
Word has been received of the birth
of a daughter, Jacquelin, to Mr, and
Mrs. Archie C. Binns of New York
City. The parents are both Stanford
graduates.
Word has been received of the birth
of a daughter, Jacquelin, to Mr, and
Mrs. Archie C. Binns of New York
City. The parents are both Stanford
graduates.
Word has been received of the birth
of a daughter, Jacquelin, to Mr, and
Mrs. Archie C. Binns of New York
City. The parents are both Stanford
graduates.
Word has been received of the birth
of a daughter, Jacquelin, to Mr, and
Mrs. Archie C. Binns of New York
City. The parents are both Stanford
graduates.
Word has been received of the birth
of a daughter, Jacquelin, to Mr, and
Mrs. Archie C. Binns of New York
City. The parents are both Stanford
graduates.
Word has been received of the birth
of a daughter, Jacquelin, to Mr, and
Mrs. Archie C. Binns of New York
City. The parents are both Stanford
graduates.
Word has been received of the birth
of a daughter, Jacquelin, to Mr, and
Mrs. Archie C. Binns of New York
City. The parents are both Stanford
graduates.
Word has been received of the birth
of a daughter, Jacquelin, to Mr, and
Mrs. Archie C. Binns of New York
City. The parents are both Stanford
graduates.
Word has been received of the birth
of a daughter, Jacquelin, to Mr, and
Mrs. Archie C. Binns of New York
City. The parents are both Stanford
graduates.
