# Clinton visits schools
## 
### 
CHICAGO (AP) — President
Clinton ventured to the shuttered,
ragged) classn>oms of a South Side
Chicago schiHil yesterday to turn
the spotlight (Hi congressional
Republicans who he said would
finance roads instead of schools.
Peering beyond the plastic yel
low tape that cordoned oft an old
fifth-grade room at the Rachel Car
son I lementary School. Clinton
stared with disnia> at the buckled
and rotten floorboards, the peeling
paint.
" 1 his is a classroom?" the prcsi
dent asked.
I ast year, the room's roof
leaked so much that lessons had to
be moved into the hallway when it
rained Thanks to a school rehabili
tation program in Chicago, the for
mer classroom is now used for stor
age
lo an assembly of students and
community leaders. Clinton noted

that Senate Republicans voted last
week lor billions in new highway
projects hut rejected his plans for
hiring HHUKH) new teachers and
modernizing S.(XKi sch(»ols. Repub
licans emphasize that they also
voted for increased education
spending b\ billions of dollars —
just not for federal programs Clin
ton wanted.
"I believe that we should have a
good road program. 1 believe that
unsafe bridges ought to be
repaired," Clinton said yesterday.
"But none of that will matter very
much if we let the education system
come crumbling down around our
children."
Many high-tech companies are
willing to donate computers to link
classrooms with the Internet, but
nearly half of schtn>ls don't have the
necessary wiring to make use of
computers. Clinton said, and asked:
"How bizarre is that?"
