# MUSTACHES ENCOURAGED
## 
### 
An organization has been formed at
Pomona College known as "The Mus
tachio Club." Membership in this
unique club is dependent on the abil
ity of the applicant to maintain one
half inch of genuine mustache with a
density of 800 hairs to a square inch.
An organization has been formed at
Pomona College known as "The Mus
tachio Club." Membership in this
unique club is dependent on the abil
ity of the applicant to maintain one
half inch of genuine mustache with a
density of 800 hairs to a square inch.
An organization has been formed at
Pomona College known as "The Mus
tachio Club." Membership in this
unique club is dependent on the abil
ity of the applicant to maintain one
half inch of genuine mustache with a
density of 800 hairs to a square inch.
An organization has been formed at
Pomona College known as "The Mus
tachio Club." Membership in this
unique club is dependent on the abil
ity of the applicant to maintain one
half inch of genuine mustache with a
density of 800 hairs to a square inch.
An organization has been formed at
Pomona College known as "The Mus
tachio Club." Membership in this
unique club is dependent on the abil
ity of the applicant to maintain one
half inch of genuine mustache with a
density of 800 hairs to a square inch.
An organization has been formed at
Pomona College known as "The Mus
tachio Club." Membership in this
unique club is dependent on the abil
ity of the applicant to maintain one
half inch of genuine mustache with a
density of 800 hairs to a square inch.
An organization has been formed at
Pomona College known as "The Mus
tachio Club." Membership in this
unique club is dependent on the abil
ity of the applicant to maintain one
half inch of genuine mustache with a
density of 800 hairs to a square inch.
An organization has been formed at
Pomona College known as "The Mus
tachio Club." Membership in this
unique club is dependent on the abil
ity of the applicant to maintain one
half inch of genuine mustache with a
density of 800 hairs to a square inch.
An organization has been formed at
Pomona College known as "The Mus
tachio Club." Membership in this
unique club is dependent on the abil
ity of the applicant to maintain one
half inch of genuine mustache with a
density of 800 hairs to a square inch.
An organization has been formed at
Pomona College known as "The Mus
tachio Club." Membership in this
unique club is dependent on the abil
ity of the applicant to maintain one
half inch of genuine mustache with a
density of 800 hairs to a square inch.
An organization has been formed at
Pomona College known as "The Mus
tachio Club." Membership in this
unique club is dependent on the abil
ity of the applicant to maintain one
half inch of genuine mustache with a
density of 800 hairs to a square inch.
An organization has been formed at
Pomona College known as "The Mus
tachio Club." Membership in this
unique club is dependent on the abil
ity of the applicant to maintain one
half inch of genuine mustache with a
density of 800 hairs to a square inch.
An organization has been formed at
Pomona College known as "The Mus
tachio Club." Membership in this
unique club is dependent on the abil
ity of the applicant to maintain one
half inch of genuine mustache with a
density of 800 hairs to a square inch.
An organization has been formed at
Pomona College known as "The Mus
tachio Club." Membership in this
unique club is dependent on the abil
ity of the applicant to maintain one
half inch of genuine mustache with a
density of 800 hairs to a square inch.
An organization has been formed at
Pomona College known as "The Mus
tachio Club." Membership in this
unique club is dependent on the abil
ity of the applicant to maintain one
half inch of genuine mustache with a
density of 800 hairs to a square inch.
