# QUADRANGLE PLANNED
## 
### 
Tentative plans ofr a $500,000 quad
rangle formed by fraternity and soror
ity houses are being formulated by a
contractor at Indiana University.

Meet me at "Rough's Roost." —Adv
Tentative plans ofr a $500,000 quad
rangle formed by fraternity and soror
ity houses are being formulated by a
contractor at Indiana University.

Meet me at "Rough's Roost." —Adv
Tentative plans ofr a $500,000 quad
rangle formed by fraternity and soror
ity houses are being formulated by a
contractor at Indiana University.

Meet me at "Rough's Roost." —Adv
Tentative plans ofr a $500,000 quad
rangle formed by fraternity and soror
ity houses are being formulated by a
contractor at Indiana University.

Meet me at "Rough's Roost." —Adv
Tentative plans ofr a $500,000 quad
rangle formed by fraternity and soror
ity houses are being formulated by a
contractor at Indiana University.

Meet me at "Rough's Roost." —Adv
Tentative plans ofr a $500,000 quad
rangle formed by fraternity and soror
ity houses are being formulated by a
contractor at Indiana University.

Meet me at "Rough's Roost." —Adv
Tentative plans ofr a $500,000 quad
rangle formed by fraternity and soror
ity houses are being formulated by a
contractor at Indiana University.

Meet me at "Rough's Roost." —Adv
Tentative plans ofr a $500,000 quad
rangle formed by fraternity and soror
ity houses are being formulated by a
contractor at Indiana University.

Meet me at "Rough's Roost." —Adv
Tentative plans ofr a $500,000 quad
rangle formed by fraternity and soror
ity houses are being formulated by a
contractor at Indiana University.

Meet me at "Rough's Roost." —Adv
Tentative plans ofr a $500,000 quad
rangle formed by fraternity and soror
ity houses are being formulated by a
contractor at Indiana University.

Meet me at "Rough's Roost." —Adv
Tentative plans ofr a $500,000 quad
rangle formed by fraternity and soror
ity houses are being formulated by a
contractor at Indiana University.

Meet me at "Rough's Roost." —Adv
Tentative plans ofr a $500,000 quad
rangle formed by fraternity and soror
ity houses are being formulated by a
contractor at Indiana University.

Meet me at "Rough's Roost." —Adv
Tentative plans ofr a $500,000 quad
rangle formed by fraternity and soror
ity houses are being formulated by a
contractor at Indiana University.

Meet me at "Rough's Roost." —Adv
Tentative plans ofr a $500,000 quad
rangle formed by fraternity and soror
ity houses are being formulated by a
contractor at Indiana University.

Meet me at "Rough's Roost." —Adv
Tentative plans ofr a $500,000 quad
rangle formed by fraternity and soror
ity houses are being formulated by a
contractor at Indiana University.

Meet me at "Rough's Roost." —Adv
