# Shopkeepers End Strike in France
## 
### 
PARIS—A "shopkeepers' general
strike" called by anti-tax crusader
Pierre Poujade fizzled today, im
proving Premier Edgar Faure's
chances of dealing effectively with
Franco's pressing economic prob
lems.
The Poujade strike was effective
only in the western port*of Bor
deaux, where 80 per cent of the
city's shops remained closed. Pro
test closings elsewhere were few and
far between, although many shops
were shut in cities? where Monday is
not normally a business day.
PARIS—A "shopkeepers' general
strike" called by anti-tax crusader
Pierre Poujade fizzled today, im
proving Premier Edgar Faure's
chances of dealing effectively with
Franco's pressing economic prob
lems.
The Poujade strike was effective
only in the western port*of Bor
deaux, where 80 per cent of the
city's shops remained closed. Pro
test closings elsewhere were few and
far between, although many shops
were shut in cities? where Monday is
not normally a business day.
PARIS—A "shopkeepers' general
strike" called by anti-tax crusader
Pierre Poujade fizzled today, im
proving Premier Edgar Faure's
chances of dealing effectively with
Franco's pressing economic prob
lems.
The Poujade strike was effective
only in the western port*of Bor
deaux, where 80 per cent of the
city's shops remained closed. Pro
test closings elsewhere were few and
far between, although many shops
were shut in cities? where Monday is
not normally a business day.
PARIS—A "shopkeepers' general
strike" called by anti-tax crusader
Pierre Poujade fizzled today, im
proving Premier Edgar Faure's
chances of dealing effectively with
Franco's pressing economic prob
lems.
The Poujade strike was effective
only in the western port*of Bor
deaux, where 80 per cent of the
city's shops remained closed. Pro
test closings elsewhere were few and
far between, although many shops
were shut in cities? where Monday is
not normally a business day.
PARIS—A "shopkeepers' general
strike" called by anti-tax crusader
Pierre Poujade fizzled today, im
proving Premier Edgar Faure's
chances of dealing effectively with
Franco's pressing economic prob
lems.
The Poujade strike was effective
only in the western port*of Bor
deaux, where 80 per cent of the
city's shops remained closed. Pro
test closings elsewhere were few and
far between, although many shops
were shut in cities? where Monday is
not normally a business day.
PARIS—A "shopkeepers' general
strike" called by anti-tax crusader
Pierre Poujade fizzled today, im
proving Premier Edgar Faure's
chances of dealing effectively with
Franco's pressing economic prob
lems.
The Poujade strike was effective
only in the western port*of Bor
deaux, where 80 per cent of the
city's shops remained closed. Pro
test closings elsewhere were few and
far between, although many shops
were shut in cities? where Monday is
not normally a business day.
PARIS—A "shopkeepers' general
strike" called by anti-tax crusader
Pierre Poujade fizzled today, im
proving Premier Edgar Faure's
chances of dealing effectively with
Franco's pressing economic prob
lems.
The Poujade strike was effective
only in the western port*of Bor
deaux, where 80 per cent of the
city's shops remained closed. Pro
test closings elsewhere were few and
far between, although many shops
were shut in cities? where Monday is
not normally a business day.
PARIS—A "shopkeepers' general
strike" called by anti-tax crusader
Pierre Poujade fizzled today, im
proving Premier Edgar Faure's
chances of dealing effectively with
Franco's pressing economic prob
lems.
The Poujade strike was effective
only in the western port*of Bor
deaux, where 80 per cent of the
city's shops remained closed. Pro
test closings elsewhere were few and
far between, although many shops
were shut in cities? where Monday is
not normally a business day.
PARIS—A "shopkeepers' general
strike" called by anti-tax crusader
Pierre Poujade fizzled today, im
proving Premier Edgar Faure's
chances of dealing effectively with
Franco's pressing economic prob
lems.
The Poujade strike was effective
only in the western port*of Bor
deaux, where 80 per cent of the
city's shops remained closed. Pro
test closings elsewhere were few and
far between, although many shops
were shut in cities? where Monday is
not normally a business day.
PARIS—A "shopkeepers' general
strike" called by anti-tax crusader
Pierre Poujade fizzled today, im
proving Premier Edgar Faure's
chances of dealing effectively with
Franco's pressing economic prob
lems.
The Poujade strike was effective
only in the western port*of Bor
deaux, where 80 per cent of the
city's shops remained closed. Pro
test closings elsewhere were few and
far between, although many shops
were shut in cities? where Monday is
not normally a business day.
PARIS—A "shopkeepers' general
strike" called by anti-tax crusader
Pierre Poujade fizzled today, im
proving Premier Edgar Faure's
chances of dealing effectively with
Franco's pressing economic prob
lems.
The Poujade strike was effective
only in the western port*of Bor
deaux, where 80 per cent of the
city's shops remained closed. Pro
test closings elsewhere were few and
far between, although many shops
were shut in cities? where Monday is
not normally a business day.
PARIS—A "shopkeepers' general
strike" called by anti-tax crusader
Pierre Poujade fizzled today, im
proving Premier Edgar Faure's
chances of dealing effectively with
Franco's pressing economic prob
lems.
The Poujade strike was effective
only in the western port*of Bor
deaux, where 80 per cent of the
city's shops remained closed. Pro
test closings elsewhere were few and
far between, although many shops
were shut in cities? where Monday is
not normally a business day.
PARIS—A "shopkeepers' general
strike" called by anti-tax crusader
Pierre Poujade fizzled today, im
proving Premier Edgar Faure's
chances of dealing effectively with
Franco's pressing economic prob
lems.
The Poujade strike was effective
only in the western port*of Bor
deaux, where 80 per cent of the
city's shops remained closed. Pro
test closings elsewhere were few and
far between, although many shops
were shut in cities? where Monday is
not normally a business day.
PARIS—A "shopkeepers' general
strike" called by anti-tax crusader
Pierre Poujade fizzled today, im
proving Premier Edgar Faure's
chances of dealing effectively with
Franco's pressing economic prob
lems.
The Poujade strike was effective
only in the western port*of Bor
deaux, where 80 per cent of the
city's shops remained closed. Pro
test closings elsewhere were few and
far between, although many shops
were shut in cities? where Monday is
not normally a business day.
PARIS—A "shopkeepers' general
strike" called by anti-tax crusader
Pierre Poujade fizzled today, im
proving Premier Edgar Faure's
chances of dealing effectively with
Franco's pressing economic prob
lems.
The Poujade strike was effective
only in the western port*of Bor
deaux, where 80 per cent of the
city's shops remained closed. Pro
test closings elsewhere were few and
far between, although many shops
were shut in cities? where Monday is
not normally a business day.
