# Hoover Is Honored In Local Ceremony
## 
### 
Former President Herbert Hoover
was honored recently by the dei' 1
cation of a plaque and a cork oak
the Palo Alto City Hall lawn. T ;
dedication of the plaque and o i
were to commemorate Hoover's lon
connection with Palo Aflo and Si
ford. The plaque was dedicated n
the San Jose de Guadelupe Chap •
of the Daughters of the American
Colonists.
Former President Herbert Hoover
was honored recently by the dei' 1
cation of a plaque and a cork oak
the Palo Alto City Hall lawn. T ;
dedication of the plaque and o i
were to commemorate Hoover's lon
connection with Palo Aflo and Si
ford. The plaque was dedicated n
the San Jose de Guadelupe Chap •
of the Daughters of the American
Colonists.
Former President Herbert Hoover
was honored recently by the dei' 1
cation of a plaque and a cork oak
the Palo Alto City Hall lawn. T ;
dedication of the plaque and o i
were to commemorate Hoover's lon
connection with Palo Aflo and Si
ford. The plaque was dedicated n
the San Jose de Guadelupe Chap •
of the Daughters of the American
Colonists.
Former President Herbert Hoover
was honored recently by the dei' 1
cation of a plaque and a cork oak
the Palo Alto City Hall lawn. T ;
dedication of the plaque and o i
were to commemorate Hoover's lon
connection with Palo Aflo and Si
ford. The plaque was dedicated n
the San Jose de Guadelupe Chap •
of the Daughters of the American
Colonists.
Former President Herbert Hoover
was honored recently by the dei' 1
cation of a plaque and a cork oak
the Palo Alto City Hall lawn. T ;
dedication of the plaque and o i
were to commemorate Hoover's lon
connection with Palo Aflo and Si
ford. The plaque was dedicated n
the San Jose de Guadelupe Chap •
of the Daughters of the American
Colonists.
Former President Herbert Hoover
was honored recently by the dei' 1
cation of a plaque and a cork oak
the Palo Alto City Hall lawn. T ;
dedication of the plaque and o i
were to commemorate Hoover's lon
connection with Palo Aflo and Si
ford. The plaque was dedicated n
the San Jose de Guadelupe Chap •
of the Daughters of the American
Colonists.
Former President Herbert Hoover
was honored recently by the dei' 1
cation of a plaque and a cork oak
the Palo Alto City Hall lawn. T ;
dedication of the plaque and o i
were to commemorate Hoover's lon
connection with Palo Aflo and Si
ford. The plaque was dedicated n
the San Jose de Guadelupe Chap •
of the Daughters of the American
Colonists.
Former President Herbert Hoover
was honored recently by the dei' 1
cation of a plaque and a cork oak
the Palo Alto City Hall lawn. T ;
dedication of the plaque and o i
were to commemorate Hoover's lon
connection with Palo Aflo and Si
ford. The plaque was dedicated n
the San Jose de Guadelupe Chap •
of the Daughters of the American
Colonists.
Former President Herbert Hoover
was honored recently by the dei' 1
cation of a plaque and a cork oak
the Palo Alto City Hall lawn. T ;
dedication of the plaque and o i
were to commemorate Hoover's lon
connection with Palo Aflo and Si
ford. The plaque was dedicated n
the San Jose de Guadelupe Chap •
of the Daughters of the American
Colonists.
Former President Herbert Hoover
was honored recently by the dei' 1
cation of a plaque and a cork oak
the Palo Alto City Hall lawn. T ;
dedication of the plaque and o i
were to commemorate Hoover's lon
connection with Palo Aflo and Si
ford. The plaque was dedicated n
the San Jose de Guadelupe Chap •
of the Daughters of the American
Colonists.
Former President Herbert Hoover
was honored recently by the dei' 1
cation of a plaque and a cork oak
the Palo Alto City Hall lawn. T ;
dedication of the plaque and o i
were to commemorate Hoover's lon
connection with Palo Aflo and Si
ford. The plaque was dedicated n
the San Jose de Guadelupe Chap •
of the Daughters of the American
Colonists.
Former President Herbert Hoover
was honored recently by the dei' 1
cation of a plaque and a cork oak
the Palo Alto City Hall lawn. T ;
dedication of the plaque and o i
were to commemorate Hoover's lon
connection with Palo Aflo and Si
ford. The plaque was dedicated n
the San Jose de Guadelupe Chap •
of the Daughters of the American
Colonists.
Former President Herbert Hoover
was honored recently by the dei' 1
cation of a plaque and a cork oak
the Palo Alto City Hall lawn. T ;
dedication of the plaque and o i
were to commemorate Hoover's lon
connection with Palo Aflo and Si
ford. The plaque was dedicated n
the San Jose de Guadelupe Chap •
of the Daughters of the American
Colonists.
Former President Herbert Hoover
was honored recently by the dei' 1
cation of a plaque and a cork oak
the Palo Alto City Hall lawn. T ;
dedication of the plaque and o i
were to commemorate Hoover's lon
connection with Palo Aflo and Si
ford. The plaque was dedicated n
the San Jose de Guadelupe Chap •
of the Daughters of the American
Colonists.
Former President Herbert Hoover
was honored recently by the dei' 1
cation of a plaque and a cork oak
the Palo Alto City Hall lawn. T ;
dedication of the plaque and o i
were to commemorate Hoover's lon
connection with Palo Aflo and Si
ford. The plaque was dedicated n
the San Jose de Guadelupe Chap •
of the Daughters of the American
Colonists.
