# Jobs for Business Students Continue
## 
### 
A program to secure summer jobs
for students in the Graduate School
of Business is going into its second
year of operation. Brochures are
being sent to Western companies
telling of the qualifications of the
100 or more students who will be
available from the middle of June
till the middle of September.
Participants in the program are
students who have completed the
first year of the two-year graduate
course in business.
A program to secure summer jobs
for students in the Graduate School
of Business is going into its second
year of operation. Brochures are
being sent to Western companies
telling of the qualifications of the
100 or more students who will be
available from the middle of June
till the middle of September.
Participants in the program are
students who have completed the
first year of the two-year graduate
course in business.
A program to secure summer jobs
for students in the Graduate School
of Business is going into its second
year of operation. Brochures are
being sent to Western companies
telling of the qualifications of the
100 or more students who will be
available from the middle of June
till the middle of September.
Participants in the program are
students who have completed the
first year of the two-year graduate
course in business.
A program to secure summer jobs
for students in the Graduate School
of Business is going into its second
year of operation. Brochures are
being sent to Western companies
telling of the qualifications of the
100 or more students who will be
available from the middle of June
till the middle of September.
Participants in the program are
students who have completed the
first year of the two-year graduate
course in business.
A program to secure summer jobs
for students in the Graduate School
of Business is going into its second
year of operation. Brochures are
being sent to Western companies
telling of the qualifications of the
100 or more students who will be
available from the middle of June
till the middle of September.
Participants in the program are
students who have completed the
first year of the two-year graduate
course in business.
A program to secure summer jobs
for students in the Graduate School
of Business is going into its second
year of operation. Brochures are
being sent to Western companies
telling of the qualifications of the
100 or more students who will be
available from the middle of June
till the middle of September.
Participants in the program are
students who have completed the
first year of the two-year graduate
course in business.
A program to secure summer jobs
for students in the Graduate School
of Business is going into its second
year of operation. Brochures are
being sent to Western companies
telling of the qualifications of the
100 or more students who will be
available from the middle of June
till the middle of September.
Participants in the program are
students who have completed the
first year of the two-year graduate
course in business.
A program to secure summer jobs
for students in the Graduate School
of Business is going into its second
year of operation. Brochures are
being sent to Western companies
telling of the qualifications of the
100 or more students who will be
available from the middle of June
till the middle of September.
Participants in the program are
students who have completed the
first year of the two-year graduate
course in business.
A program to secure summer jobs
for students in the Graduate School
of Business is going into its second
year of operation. Brochures are
being sent to Western companies
telling of the qualifications of the
100 or more students who will be
available from the middle of June
till the middle of September.
Participants in the program are
students who have completed the
first year of the two-year graduate
course in business.
A program to secure summer jobs
for students in the Graduate School
of Business is going into its second
year of operation. Brochures are
being sent to Western companies
telling of the qualifications of the
100 or more students who will be
available from the middle of June
till the middle of September.
Participants in the program are
students who have completed the
first year of the two-year graduate
course in business.
A program to secure summer jobs
for students in the Graduate School
of Business is going into its second
year of operation. Brochures are
being sent to Western companies
telling of the qualifications of the
100 or more students who will be
available from the middle of June
till the middle of September.
Participants in the program are
students who have completed the
first year of the two-year graduate
course in business.
A program to secure summer jobs
for students in the Graduate School
of Business is going into its second
year of operation. Brochures are
being sent to Western companies
telling of the qualifications of the
100 or more students who will be
available from the middle of June
till the middle of September.
Participants in the program are
students who have completed the
first year of the two-year graduate
course in business.
A program to secure summer jobs
for students in the Graduate School
of Business is going into its second
year of operation. Brochures are
being sent to Western companies
telling of the qualifications of the
100 or more students who will be
available from the middle of June
till the middle of September.
Participants in the program are
students who have completed the
first year of the two-year graduate
course in business.
A program to secure summer jobs
for students in the Graduate School
of Business is going into its second
year of operation. Brochures are
being sent to Western companies
telling of the qualifications of the
100 or more students who will be
available from the middle of June
till the middle of September.
Participants in the program are
students who have completed the
first year of the two-year graduate
course in business.
A program to secure summer jobs
for students in the Graduate School
of Business is going into its second
year of operation. Brochures are
being sent to Western companies
telling of the qualifications of the
100 or more students who will be
available from the middle of June
till the middle of September.
Participants in the program are
students who have completed the
first year of the two-year graduate
course in business.
