# NACA Promotes Aeronautical Prof
## 
### 
Nicholas J. Hoff. Stanford pro
fessor of aeronautical engineer
ing, has been named to the 1958
committee on aircraft construc
tion of the National Advisory
Committee for Aeronautics.
Dr. Hoff joined the University
staff last fall, after serving for
seven years as chairman of the?
aeronautical engineering depart
ment at Brooklyn Polytechnic In
stitute.
Nicholas J. Hoff. Stanford pro
fessor of aeronautical engineer
ing, has been named to the 1958
committee on aircraft construc
tion of the National Advisory
Committee for Aeronautics.
Dr. Hoff joined the University
staff last fall, after serving for
seven years as chairman of the?
aeronautical engineering depart
ment at Brooklyn Polytechnic In
stitute.
Nicholas J. Hoff. Stanford pro
fessor of aeronautical engineer
ing, has been named to the 1958
committee on aircraft construc
tion of the National Advisory
Committee for Aeronautics.
Dr. Hoff joined the University
staff last fall, after serving for
seven years as chairman of the?
aeronautical engineering depart
ment at Brooklyn Polytechnic In
stitute.
Nicholas J. Hoff. Stanford pro
fessor of aeronautical engineer
ing, has been named to the 1958
committee on aircraft construc
tion of the National Advisory
Committee for Aeronautics.
Dr. Hoff joined the University
staff last fall, after serving for
seven years as chairman of the?
aeronautical engineering depart
ment at Brooklyn Polytechnic In
stitute.
Nicholas J. Hoff. Stanford pro
fessor of aeronautical engineer
ing, has been named to the 1958
committee on aircraft construc
tion of the National Advisory
Committee for Aeronautics.
Dr. Hoff joined the University
staff last fall, after serving for
seven years as chairman of the?
aeronautical engineering depart
ment at Brooklyn Polytechnic In
stitute.
Nicholas J. Hoff. Stanford pro
fessor of aeronautical engineer
ing, has been named to the 1958
committee on aircraft construc
tion of the National Advisory
Committee for Aeronautics.
Dr. Hoff joined the University
staff last fall, after serving for
seven years as chairman of the?
aeronautical engineering depart
ment at Brooklyn Polytechnic In
stitute.
Nicholas J. Hoff. Stanford pro
fessor of aeronautical engineer
ing, has been named to the 1958
committee on aircraft construc
tion of the National Advisory
Committee for Aeronautics.
Dr. Hoff joined the University
staff last fall, after serving for
seven years as chairman of the?
aeronautical engineering depart
ment at Brooklyn Polytechnic In
stitute.
Nicholas J. Hoff. Stanford pro
fessor of aeronautical engineer
ing, has been named to the 1958
committee on aircraft construc
tion of the National Advisory
Committee for Aeronautics.
Dr. Hoff joined the University
staff last fall, after serving for
seven years as chairman of the?
aeronautical engineering depart
ment at Brooklyn Polytechnic In
stitute.
Nicholas J. Hoff. Stanford pro
fessor of aeronautical engineer
ing, has been named to the 1958
committee on aircraft construc
tion of the National Advisory
Committee for Aeronautics.
Dr. Hoff joined the University
staff last fall, after serving for
seven years as chairman of the?
aeronautical engineering depart
ment at Brooklyn Polytechnic In
stitute.
Nicholas J. Hoff. Stanford pro
fessor of aeronautical engineer
ing, has been named to the 1958
committee on aircraft construc
tion of the National Advisory
Committee for Aeronautics.
Dr. Hoff joined the University
staff last fall, after serving for
seven years as chairman of the?
aeronautical engineering depart
ment at Brooklyn Polytechnic In
stitute.
Nicholas J. Hoff. Stanford pro
fessor of aeronautical engineer
ing, has been named to the 1958
committee on aircraft construc
tion of the National Advisory
Committee for Aeronautics.
Dr. Hoff joined the University
staff last fall, after serving for
seven years as chairman of the?
aeronautical engineering depart
ment at Brooklyn Polytechnic In
stitute.
Nicholas J. Hoff. Stanford pro
fessor of aeronautical engineer
ing, has been named to the 1958
committee on aircraft construc
tion of the National Advisory
Committee for Aeronautics.
Dr. Hoff joined the University
staff last fall, after serving for
seven years as chairman of the?
aeronautical engineering depart
ment at Brooklyn Polytechnic In
stitute.
Nicholas J. Hoff. Stanford pro
fessor of aeronautical engineer
ing, has been named to the 1958
committee on aircraft construc
tion of the National Advisory
Committee for Aeronautics.
Dr. Hoff joined the University
staff last fall, after serving for
seven years as chairman of the?
aeronautical engineering depart
ment at Brooklyn Polytechnic In
stitute.
Nicholas J. Hoff. Stanford pro
fessor of aeronautical engineer
ing, has been named to the 1958
committee on aircraft construc
tion of the National Advisory
Committee for Aeronautics.
Dr. Hoff joined the University
staff last fall, after serving for
seven years as chairman of the?
aeronautical engineering depart
ment at Brooklyn Polytechnic In
stitute.
Nicholas J. Hoff. Stanford pro
fessor of aeronautical engineer
ing, has been named to the 1958
committee on aircraft construc
tion of the National Advisory
Committee for Aeronautics.
Dr. Hoff joined the University
staff last fall, after serving for
seven years as chairman of the?
aeronautical engineering depart
ment at Brooklyn Polytechnic In
stitute.
Nicholas J. Hoff. Stanford pro
fessor of aeronautical engineer
ing, has been named to the 1958
committee on aircraft construc
tion of the National Advisory
Committee for Aeronautics.
Dr. Hoff joined the University
staff last fall, after serving for
seven years as chairman of the?
aeronautical engineering depart
ment at Brooklyn Polytechnic In
stitute.
Nicholas J. Hoff. Stanford pro
fessor of aeronautical engineer
ing, has been named to the 1958
committee on aircraft construc
tion of the National Advisory
Committee for Aeronautics.
Dr. Hoff joined the University
staff last fall, after serving for
seven years as chairman of the?
aeronautical engineering depart
ment at Brooklyn Polytechnic In
stitute.
