# 222 Feared Lost In Japan's Storm
## 
### 
TOKYO (Monday) (/?>) — Seven
vessels carrying 222 persons were
missing and feared lost today
after a violent windstorm raked
Japan's south and east coasts.
A 196 - ton Japanese ferryboat
with 170 persons abroad disap
peared yesterday in the stormy
Inland Sea. It vanished after ra
dioing the single word "danger."
The Japanese Coast Guard said it
was almost certain the ferry sank
in six-foot waves and 50-mile-an
hour winds lashing the Kii Strait.
TOKYO (Monday) (/?>) — Seven
vessels carrying 222 persons were
missing and feared lost today
after a violent windstorm raked
Japan's south and east coasts.
A 196 - ton Japanese ferryboat
with 170 persons abroad disap
peared yesterday in the stormy
Inland Sea. It vanished after ra
dioing the single word "danger."
The Japanese Coast Guard said it
was almost certain the ferry sank
in six-foot waves and 50-mile-an
hour winds lashing the Kii Strait.
TOKYO (Monday) (/?>) — Seven
vessels carrying 222 persons were
missing and feared lost today
after a violent windstorm raked
Japan's south and east coasts.
A 196 - ton Japanese ferryboat
with 170 persons abroad disap
peared yesterday in the stormy
Inland Sea. It vanished after ra
dioing the single word "danger."
The Japanese Coast Guard said it
was almost certain the ferry sank
in six-foot waves and 50-mile-an
hour winds lashing the Kii Strait.
TOKYO (Monday) (/?>) — Seven
vessels carrying 222 persons were
missing and feared lost today
after a violent windstorm raked
Japan's south and east coasts.
A 196 - ton Japanese ferryboat
with 170 persons abroad disap
peared yesterday in the stormy
Inland Sea. It vanished after ra
dioing the single word "danger."
The Japanese Coast Guard said it
was almost certain the ferry sank
in six-foot waves and 50-mile-an
hour winds lashing the Kii Strait.
TOKYO (Monday) (/?>) — Seven
vessels carrying 222 persons were
missing and feared lost today
after a violent windstorm raked
Japan's south and east coasts.
A 196 - ton Japanese ferryboat
with 170 persons abroad disap
peared yesterday in the stormy
Inland Sea. It vanished after ra
dioing the single word "danger."
The Japanese Coast Guard said it
was almost certain the ferry sank
in six-foot waves and 50-mile-an
hour winds lashing the Kii Strait.
TOKYO (Monday) (/?>) — Seven
vessels carrying 222 persons were
missing and feared lost today
after a violent windstorm raked
Japan's south and east coasts.
A 196 - ton Japanese ferryboat
with 170 persons abroad disap
peared yesterday in the stormy
Inland Sea. It vanished after ra
dioing the single word "danger."
The Japanese Coast Guard said it
was almost certain the ferry sank
in six-foot waves and 50-mile-an
hour winds lashing the Kii Strait.
TOKYO (Monday) (/?>) — Seven
vessels carrying 222 persons were
missing and feared lost today
after a violent windstorm raked
Japan's south and east coasts.
A 196 - ton Japanese ferryboat
with 170 persons abroad disap
peared yesterday in the stormy
Inland Sea. It vanished after ra
dioing the single word "danger."
The Japanese Coast Guard said it
was almost certain the ferry sank
in six-foot waves and 50-mile-an
hour winds lashing the Kii Strait.
TOKYO (Monday) (/?>) — Seven
vessels carrying 222 persons were
missing and feared lost today
after a violent windstorm raked
Japan's south and east coasts.
A 196 - ton Japanese ferryboat
with 170 persons abroad disap
peared yesterday in the stormy
Inland Sea. It vanished after ra
dioing the single word "danger."
The Japanese Coast Guard said it
was almost certain the ferry sank
in six-foot waves and 50-mile-an
hour winds lashing the Kii Strait.
TOKYO (Monday) (/?>) — Seven
vessels carrying 222 persons were
missing and feared lost today
after a violent windstorm raked
Japan's south and east coasts.
A 196 - ton Japanese ferryboat
with 170 persons abroad disap
peared yesterday in the stormy
Inland Sea. It vanished after ra
dioing the single word "danger."
The Japanese Coast Guard said it
was almost certain the ferry sank
in six-foot waves and 50-mile-an
hour winds lashing the Kii Strait.
TOKYO (Monday) (/?>) — Seven
vessels carrying 222 persons were
missing and feared lost today
after a violent windstorm raked
Japan's south and east coasts.
A 196 - ton Japanese ferryboat
with 170 persons abroad disap
peared yesterday in the stormy
Inland Sea. It vanished after ra
dioing the single word "danger."
The Japanese Coast Guard said it
was almost certain the ferry sank
in six-foot waves and 50-mile-an
hour winds lashing the Kii Strait.
TOKYO (Monday) (/?>) — Seven
vessels carrying 222 persons were
missing and feared lost today
after a violent windstorm raked
Japan's south and east coasts.
A 196 - ton Japanese ferryboat
with 170 persons abroad disap
peared yesterday in the stormy
Inland Sea. It vanished after ra
dioing the single word "danger."
The Japanese Coast Guard said it
was almost certain the ferry sank
in six-foot waves and 50-mile-an
hour winds lashing the Kii Strait.
TOKYO (Monday) (/?>) — Seven
vessels carrying 222 persons were
missing and feared lost today
after a violent windstorm raked
Japan's south and east coasts.
A 196 - ton Japanese ferryboat
with 170 persons abroad disap
peared yesterday in the stormy
Inland Sea. It vanished after ra
dioing the single word "danger."
The Japanese Coast Guard said it
was almost certain the ferry sank
in six-foot waves and 50-mile-an
hour winds lashing the Kii Strait.
TOKYO (Monday) (/?>) — Seven
vessels carrying 222 persons were
missing and feared lost today
after a violent windstorm raked
Japan's south and east coasts.
A 196 - ton Japanese ferryboat
with 170 persons abroad disap
peared yesterday in the stormy
Inland Sea. It vanished after ra
dioing the single word "danger."
The Japanese Coast Guard said it
was almost certain the ferry sank
in six-foot waves and 50-mile-an
hour winds lashing the Kii Strait.
TOKYO (Monday) (/?>) — Seven
vessels carrying 222 persons were
missing and feared lost today
after a violent windstorm raked
Japan's south and east coasts.
A 196 - ton Japanese ferryboat
with 170 persons abroad disap
peared yesterday in the stormy
Inland Sea. It vanished after ra
dioing the single word "danger."
The Japanese Coast Guard said it
was almost certain the ferry sank
in six-foot waves and 50-mile-an
hour winds lashing the Kii Strait.
TOKYO (Monday) (/?>) — Seven
vessels carrying 222 persons were
missing and feared lost today
after a violent windstorm raked
Japan's south and east coasts.
A 196 - ton Japanese ferryboat
with 170 persons abroad disap
peared yesterday in the stormy
Inland Sea. It vanished after ra
dioing the single word "danger."
The Japanese Coast Guard said it
was almost certain the ferry sank
in six-foot waves and 50-mile-an
hour winds lashing the Kii Strait.
TOKYO (Monday) (/?>) — Seven
vessels carrying 222 persons were
missing and feared lost today
after a violent windstorm raked
Japan's south and east coasts.
A 196 - ton Japanese ferryboat
with 170 persons abroad disap
peared yesterday in the stormy
Inland Sea. It vanished after ra
dioing the single word "danger."
The Japanese Coast Guard said it
was almost certain the ferry sank
in six-foot waves and 50-mile-an
hour winds lashing the Kii Strait.
TOKYO (Monday) (/?>) — Seven
vessels carrying 222 persons were
missing and feared lost today
after a violent windstorm raked
Japan's south and east coasts.
A 196 - ton Japanese ferryboat
with 170 persons abroad disap
peared yesterday in the stormy
Inland Sea. It vanished after ra
dioing the single word "danger."
The Japanese Coast Guard said it
was almost certain the ferry sank
in six-foot waves and 50-mile-an
hour winds lashing the Kii Strait.
