# Little Man on Campus
## 
### Dick Bibler, '52 

"/»'*'fare ive go lo the lab—wv have someone here who would
like lo lell yon what happens when we mix pot ass in in perman
ganate with concentrated sal j uric acid

"/»'*'fare ive go lo the lab—wv have someone here who would
like lo lell yon what happens when we mix pot ass in in perman
ganate with concentrated sal j uric acid

"/»'*'fare ive go lo the lab—wv have someone here who would
like lo lell yon what happens when we mix pot ass in in perman
ganate with concentrated sal j uric acid

"/»'*'fare ive go lo the lab—wv have someone here who would
like lo lell yon what happens when we mix pot ass in in perman
ganate with concentrated sal j uric acid

"/»'*'fare ive go lo the lab—wv have someone here who would
like lo lell yon what happens when we mix pot ass in in perman
ganate with concentrated sal j uric acid

"/»'*'fare ive go lo the lab—wv have someone here who would
like lo lell yon what happens when we mix pot ass in in perman
ganate with concentrated sal j uric acid

"/»'*'fare ive go lo the lab—wv have someone here who would
like lo lell yon what happens when we mix pot ass in in perman
ganate with concentrated sal j uric acid

"/»'*'fare ive go lo the lab—wv have someone here who would
like lo lell yon what happens when we mix pot ass in in perman
ganate with concentrated sal j uric acid

"/»'*'fare ive go lo the lab—wv have someone here who would
like lo lell yon what happens when we mix pot ass in in perman
ganate with concentrated sal j uric acid

"/»'*'fare ive go lo the lab—wv have someone here who would
like lo lell yon what happens when we mix pot ass in in perman
ganate with concentrated sal j uric acid

"/»'*'fare ive go lo the lab—wv have someone here who would
like lo lell yon what happens when we mix pot ass in in perman
ganate with concentrated sal j uric acid

"/»'*'fare ive go lo the lab—wv have someone here who would
like lo lell yon what happens when we mix pot ass in in perman
ganate with concentrated sal j uric acid

"/»'*'fare ive go lo the lab—wv have someone here who would
like lo lell yon what happens when we mix pot ass in in perman
ganate with concentrated sal j uric acid

"/»'*'fare ive go lo the lab—wv have someone here who would
like lo lell yon what happens when we mix pot ass in in perman
ganate with concentrated sal j uric acid

"/»'*'fare ive go lo the lab—wv have someone here who would
like lo lell yon what happens when we mix pot ass in in perman
ganate with concentrated sal j uric acid

"/»'*'fare ive go lo the lab—wv have someone here who would
like lo lell yon what happens when we mix pot ass in in perman
ganate with concentrated sal j uric acid

"/»'*'fare ive go lo the lab—wv have someone here who would
like lo lell yon what happens when we mix pot ass in in perman
ganate with concentrated sal j uric acid
