# OLYMPIC FENCERS TO MEET CARDINAL TEAM
## 
### 
The Olympil Club fencing team hap
challenged the Stanford swordsters to
a meet, to be held at Stanford in the
coming month, announced Fencing In
structor R. F. Kahle, today. The
winged "O" have some experienced
fencers, and are due to give the Car
dinals a battle.
The annual California-Stanford tour
nament, with the Skelton cup at stake,
has been postponed until later in the
quarter, <iue to the press of minor
sports.
Instructor Kahle has three of last
year's men back, and competition is
running high for the other two places.
A match lias also been requested by
the Palo Alto High School, where Ed
Hadley ex-'2O, at present coach of
the prep school athletics, has orga
nized a class.
The Olympil Club fencing team hap
challenged the Stanford swordsters to
a meet, to be held at Stanford in the
coming month, announced Fencing In
structor R. F. Kahle, today. The
winged "O" have some experienced
fencers, and are due to give the Car
dinals a battle.
The annual California-Stanford tour
nament, with the Skelton cup at stake,
has been postponed until later in the
quarter, <iue to the press of minor
sports.
Instructor Kahle has three of last
year's men back, and competition is
running high for the other two places.
A match lias also been requested by
the Palo Alto High School, where Ed
Hadley ex-'2O, at present coach of
the prep school athletics, has orga
nized a class.
The Olympil Club fencing team hap
challenged the Stanford swordsters to
a meet, to be held at Stanford in the
coming month, announced Fencing In
structor R. F. Kahle, today. The
winged "O" have some experienced
fencers, and are due to give the Car
dinals a battle.
The annual California-Stanford tour
nament, with the Skelton cup at stake,
has been postponed until later in the
quarter, <iue to the press of minor
sports.
Instructor Kahle has three of last
year's men back, and competition is
running high for the other two places.
A match lias also been requested by
the Palo Alto High School, where Ed
Hadley ex-'2O, at present coach of
the prep school athletics, has orga
nized a class.
The Olympil Club fencing team hap
challenged the Stanford swordsters to
a meet, to be held at Stanford in the
coming month, announced Fencing In
structor R. F. Kahle, today. The
winged "O" have some experienced
fencers, and are due to give the Car
dinals a battle.
The annual California-Stanford tour
nament, with the Skelton cup at stake,
has been postponed until later in the
quarter, <iue to the press of minor
sports.
Instructor Kahle has three of last
year's men back, and competition is
running high for the other two places.
A match lias also been requested by
the Palo Alto High School, where Ed
Hadley ex-'2O, at present coach of
the prep school athletics, has orga
nized a class.
The Olympil Club fencing team hap
challenged the Stanford swordsters to
a meet, to be held at Stanford in the
coming month, announced Fencing In
structor R. F. Kahle, today. The
winged "O" have some experienced
fencers, and are due to give the Car
dinals a battle.
The annual California-Stanford tour
nament, with the Skelton cup at stake,
has been postponed until later in the
quarter, <iue to the press of minor
sports.
Instructor Kahle has three of last
year's men back, and competition is
running high for the other two places.
A match lias also been requested by
the Palo Alto High School, where Ed
Hadley ex-'2O, at present coach of
the prep school athletics, has orga
nized a class.
The Olympil Club fencing team hap
challenged the Stanford swordsters to
a meet, to be held at Stanford in the
coming month, announced Fencing In
structor R. F. Kahle, today. The
winged "O" have some experienced
fencers, and are due to give the Car
dinals a battle.
The annual California-Stanford tour
nament, with the Skelton cup at stake,
has been postponed until later in the
quarter, <iue to the press of minor
sports.
Instructor Kahle has three of last
year's men back, and competition is
running high for the other two places.
A match lias also been requested by
the Palo Alto High School, where Ed
Hadley ex-'2O, at present coach of
the prep school athletics, has orga
nized a class.
The Olympil Club fencing team hap
challenged the Stanford swordsters to
a meet, to be held at Stanford in the
coming month, announced Fencing In
structor R. F. Kahle, today. The
winged "O" have some experienced
fencers, and are due to give the Car
dinals a battle.
The annual California-Stanford tour
nament, with the Skelton cup at stake,
has been postponed until later in the
quarter, <iue to the press of minor
sports.
Instructor Kahle has three of last
year's men back, and competition is
running high for the other two places.
A match lias also been requested by
the Palo Alto High School, where Ed
Hadley ex-'2O, at present coach of
the prep school athletics, has orga
nized a class.
The Olympil Club fencing team hap
challenged the Stanford swordsters to
a meet, to be held at Stanford in the
coming month, announced Fencing In
structor R. F. Kahle, today. The
winged "O" have some experienced
fencers, and are due to give the Car
dinals a battle.
The annual California-Stanford tour
nament, with the Skelton cup at stake,
has been postponed until later in the
quarter, <iue to the press of minor
sports.
Instructor Kahle has three of last
year's men back, and competition is
running high for the other two places.
A match lias also been requested by
the Palo Alto High School, where Ed
Hadley ex-'2O, at present coach of
the prep school athletics, has orga
nized a class.
The Olympil Club fencing team hap
challenged the Stanford swordsters to
a meet, to be held at Stanford in the
coming month, announced Fencing In
structor R. F. Kahle, today. The
winged "O" have some experienced
fencers, and are due to give the Car
dinals a battle.
The annual California-Stanford tour
nament, with the Skelton cup at stake,
has been postponed until later in the
quarter, <iue to the press of minor
sports.
Instructor Kahle has three of last
year's men back, and competition is
running high for the other two places.
A match lias also been requested by
the Palo Alto High School, where Ed
Hadley ex-'2O, at present coach of
the prep school athletics, has orga
nized a class.
The Olympil Club fencing team hap
challenged the Stanford swordsters to
a meet, to be held at Stanford in the
coming month, announced Fencing In
structor R. F. Kahle, today. The
winged "O" have some experienced
fencers, and are due to give the Car
dinals a battle.
The annual California-Stanford tour
nament, with the Skelton cup at stake,
has been postponed until later in the
quarter, <iue to the press of minor
sports.
Instructor Kahle has three of last
year's men back, and competition is
running high for the other two places.
A match lias also been requested by
the Palo Alto High School, where Ed
Hadley ex-'2O, at present coach of
the prep school athletics, has orga
nized a class.
The Olympil Club fencing team hap
challenged the Stanford swordsters to
a meet, to be held at Stanford in the
coming month, announced Fencing In
structor R. F. Kahle, today. The
winged "O" have some experienced
fencers, and are due to give the Car
dinals a battle.
The annual California-Stanford tour
nament, with the Skelton cup at stake,
has been postponed until later in the
quarter, <iue to the press of minor
sports.
Instructor Kahle has three of last
year's men back, and competition is
running high for the other two places.
A match lias also been requested by
the Palo Alto High School, where Ed
Hadley ex-'2O, at present coach of
the prep school athletics, has orga
nized a class.
The Olympil Club fencing team hap
challenged the Stanford swordsters to
a meet, to be held at Stanford in the
coming month, announced Fencing In
structor R. F. Kahle, today. The
winged "O" have some experienced
fencers, and are due to give the Car
dinals a battle.
The annual California-Stanford tour
nament, with the Skelton cup at stake,
has been postponed until later in the
quarter, <iue to the press of minor
sports.
Instructor Kahle has three of last
year's men back, and competition is
running high for the other two places.
A match lias also been requested by
the Palo Alto High School, where Ed
Hadley ex-'2O, at present coach of
the prep school athletics, has orga
nized a class.
The Olympil Club fencing team hap
challenged the Stanford swordsters to
a meet, to be held at Stanford in the
coming month, announced Fencing In
structor R. F. Kahle, today. The
winged "O" have some experienced
fencers, and are due to give the Car
dinals a battle.
The annual California-Stanford tour
nament, with the Skelton cup at stake,
has been postponed until later in the
quarter, <iue to the press of minor
sports.
Instructor Kahle has three of last
year's men back, and competition is
running high for the other two places.
A match lias also been requested by
the Palo Alto High School, where Ed
Hadley ex-'2O, at present coach of
the prep school athletics, has orga
nized a class.
