# Students Treated at University Hospital
## 
### Pacific Coast Intercollegiate News Servtice 
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA,
Jan. 28.—Statistics from the University
Infirmary during the period August,
1919, to May, 1920, show that nearly
three-fourths of the students take ad
vantage of the treatment given in the
hospital.
Of the total number of 9,991 students
entitled to treatment at the Infirmary,
7,112 individuals were treated. A total
of 36,392 treatments and 7,108 diognoses
were made, and 816 smallpox vaccina
tions were given.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA,
Jan. 28.—Statistics from the University
Infirmary during the period August,
1919, to May, 1920, show that nearly
three-fourths of the students take ad
vantage of the treatment given in the
hospital.
Of the total number of 9,991 students
entitled to treatment at the Infirmary,
7,112 individuals were treated. A total
of 36,392 treatments and 7,108 diognoses
were made, and 816 smallpox vaccina
tions were given.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA,
Jan. 28.—Statistics from the University
Infirmary during the period August,
1919, to May, 1920, show that nearly
three-fourths of the students take ad
vantage of the treatment given in the
hospital.
Of the total number of 9,991 students
entitled to treatment at the Infirmary,
7,112 individuals were treated. A total
of 36,392 treatments and 7,108 diognoses
were made, and 816 smallpox vaccina
tions were given.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA,
Jan. 28.—Statistics from the University
Infirmary during the period August,
1919, to May, 1920, show that nearly
three-fourths of the students take ad
vantage of the treatment given in the
hospital.
Of the total number of 9,991 students
entitled to treatment at the Infirmary,
7,112 individuals were treated. A total
of 36,392 treatments and 7,108 diognoses
were made, and 816 smallpox vaccina
tions were given.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA,
Jan. 28.—Statistics from the University
Infirmary during the period August,
1919, to May, 1920, show that nearly
three-fourths of the students take ad
vantage of the treatment given in the
hospital.
Of the total number of 9,991 students
entitled to treatment at the Infirmary,
7,112 individuals were treated. A total
of 36,392 treatments and 7,108 diognoses
were made, and 816 smallpox vaccina
tions were given.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA,
Jan. 28.—Statistics from the University
Infirmary during the period August,
1919, to May, 1920, show that nearly
three-fourths of the students take ad
vantage of the treatment given in the
hospital.
Of the total number of 9,991 students
entitled to treatment at the Infirmary,
7,112 individuals were treated. A total
of 36,392 treatments and 7,108 diognoses
were made, and 816 smallpox vaccina
tions were given.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA,
Jan. 28.—Statistics from the University
Infirmary during the period August,
1919, to May, 1920, show that nearly
three-fourths of the students take ad
vantage of the treatment given in the
hospital.
Of the total number of 9,991 students
entitled to treatment at the Infirmary,
7,112 individuals were treated. A total
of 36,392 treatments and 7,108 diognoses
were made, and 816 smallpox vaccina
tions were given.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA,
Jan. 28.—Statistics from the University
Infirmary during the period August,
1919, to May, 1920, show that nearly
three-fourths of the students take ad
vantage of the treatment given in the
hospital.
Of the total number of 9,991 students
entitled to treatment at the Infirmary,
7,112 individuals were treated. A total
of 36,392 treatments and 7,108 diognoses
were made, and 816 smallpox vaccina
tions were given.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA,
Jan. 28.—Statistics from the University
Infirmary during the period August,
1919, to May, 1920, show that nearly
three-fourths of the students take ad
vantage of the treatment given in the
hospital.
Of the total number of 9,991 students
entitled to treatment at the Infirmary,
7,112 individuals were treated. A total
of 36,392 treatments and 7,108 diognoses
were made, and 816 smallpox vaccina
tions were given.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA,
Jan. 28.—Statistics from the University
Infirmary during the period August,
1919, to May, 1920, show that nearly
three-fourths of the students take ad
vantage of the treatment given in the
hospital.
Of the total number of 9,991 students
entitled to treatment at the Infirmary,
7,112 individuals were treated. A total
of 36,392 treatments and 7,108 diognoses
were made, and 816 smallpox vaccina
tions were given.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA,
Jan. 28.—Statistics from the University
Infirmary during the period August,
1919, to May, 1920, show that nearly
three-fourths of the students take ad
vantage of the treatment given in the
hospital.
Of the total number of 9,991 students
entitled to treatment at the Infirmary,
7,112 individuals were treated. A total
of 36,392 treatments and 7,108 diognoses
were made, and 816 smallpox vaccina
tions were given.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA,
Jan. 28.—Statistics from the University
Infirmary during the period August,
1919, to May, 1920, show that nearly
three-fourths of the students take ad
vantage of the treatment given in the
hospital.
Of the total number of 9,991 students
entitled to treatment at the Infirmary,
7,112 individuals were treated. A total
of 36,392 treatments and 7,108 diognoses
were made, and 816 smallpox vaccina
tions were given.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA,
Jan. 28.—Statistics from the University
Infirmary during the period August,
1919, to May, 1920, show that nearly
three-fourths of the students take ad
vantage of the treatment given in the
hospital.
Of the total number of 9,991 students
entitled to treatment at the Infirmary,
7,112 individuals were treated. A total
of 36,392 treatments and 7,108 diognoses
were made, and 816 smallpox vaccina
tions were given.
