# Branner Falls To Spartans
## 
### 

Led by the Otero Iloplites, the Wilbur Stem Freshman
Alliance stormed the aged walls of the Farm's most famous
repository of feminine pulchritude, and conquered. Though
Branner did fall, the Dean's Office informs us that tin
residents thereof are not to be regarded as fallen women.

Led by the Otero Iloplites, the Wilbur Stem Freshman
Alliance stormed the aged walls of the Farm's most famous
repository of feminine pulchritude, and conquered. Though
Branner did fall, the Dean's Office informs us that tin
residents thereof are not to be regarded as fallen women.

Led by the Otero Iloplites, the Wilbur Stem Freshman
Alliance stormed the aged walls of the Farm's most famous
repository of feminine pulchritude, and conquered. Though
Branner did fall, the Dean's Office informs us that tin
residents thereof are not to be regarded as fallen women.

Led by the Otero Iloplites, the Wilbur Stem Freshman
Alliance stormed the aged walls of the Farm's most famous
repository of feminine pulchritude, and conquered. Though
Branner did fall, the Dean's Office informs us that tin
residents thereof are not to be regarded as fallen women.

Led by the Otero Iloplites, the Wilbur Stem Freshman
Alliance stormed the aged walls of the Farm's most famous
repository of feminine pulchritude, and conquered. Though
Branner did fall, the Dean's Office informs us that tin
residents thereof are not to be regarded as fallen women.

Led by the Otero Iloplites, the Wilbur Stem Freshman
Alliance stormed the aged walls of the Farm's most famous
repository of feminine pulchritude, and conquered. Though
Branner did fall, the Dean's Office informs us that tin
residents thereof are not to be regarded as fallen women.

Led by the Otero Iloplites, the Wilbur Stem Freshman
Alliance stormed the aged walls of the Farm's most famous
repository of feminine pulchritude, and conquered. Though
Branner did fall, the Dean's Office informs us that tin
residents thereof are not to be regarded as fallen women.

Led by the Otero Iloplites, the Wilbur Stem Freshman
Alliance stormed the aged walls of the Farm's most famous
repository of feminine pulchritude, and conquered. Though
Branner did fall, the Dean's Office informs us that tin
residents thereof are not to be regarded as fallen women.

Led by the Otero Iloplites, the Wilbur Stem Freshman
Alliance stormed the aged walls of the Farm's most famous
repository of feminine pulchritude, and conquered. Though
Branner did fall, the Dean's Office informs us that tin
residents thereof are not to be regarded as fallen women.

Led by the Otero Iloplites, the Wilbur Stem Freshman
Alliance stormed the aged walls of the Farm's most famous
repository of feminine pulchritude, and conquered. Though
Branner did fall, the Dean's Office informs us that tin
residents thereof are not to be regarded as fallen women.

Led by the Otero Iloplites, the Wilbur Stem Freshman
Alliance stormed the aged walls of the Farm's most famous
repository of feminine pulchritude, and conquered. Though
Branner did fall, the Dean's Office informs us that tin
residents thereof are not to be regarded as fallen women.

Led by the Otero Iloplites, the Wilbur Stem Freshman
Alliance stormed the aged walls of the Farm's most famous
repository of feminine pulchritude, and conquered. Though
Branner did fall, the Dean's Office informs us that tin
residents thereof are not to be regarded as fallen women.

Led by the Otero Iloplites, the Wilbur Stem Freshman
Alliance stormed the aged walls of the Farm's most famous
repository of feminine pulchritude, and conquered. Though
Branner did fall, the Dean's Office informs us that tin
residents thereof are not to be regarded as fallen women.

Led by the Otero Iloplites, the Wilbur Stem Freshman
Alliance stormed the aged walls of the Farm's most famous
repository of feminine pulchritude, and conquered. Though
Branner did fall, the Dean's Office informs us that tin
residents thereof are not to be regarded as fallen women.

Led by the Otero Iloplites, the Wilbur Stem Freshman
Alliance stormed the aged walls of the Farm's most famous
repository of feminine pulchritude, and conquered. Though
Branner did fall, the Dean's Office informs us that tin
residents thereof are not to be regarded as fallen women.
