# Teachers Needed
## 
### 
The Stanford NSA-Sehool of
Education tutorial project has
received a new request for tu
tors from Ravenswood High
School. The previous reserve of
tutors is now being assigned,
and more arc urgently needed,
especially in chemistry, algebra,
and geomtery.
Tutors are also needed in Ger
man, U.S. history, government,
world geography, and world
backgrounds. Applications for
this Ravenswood project are lo
cated at the NSA desk in the
ASSU loft at Tresidder.
Because of ihe flexibility of
the present project, it has been
impossible to maintain an exact
list of tutors and tutees. There
fore, to insure activity credit,
all present tutors of the Ravens
wood project and others as
signed through the NSA-School
of Education program are asked
to leave a record of their com
plete name, their tutee's name
and high school, and subject at
the NSA desk.
The Stanford NSA-Sehool of
Education tutorial project has
received a new request for tu
tors from Ravenswood High
School. The previous reserve of
tutors is now being assigned,
and more arc urgently needed,
especially in chemistry, algebra,
and geomtery.
Tutors are also needed in Ger
man, U.S. history, government,
world geography, and world
backgrounds. Applications for
this Ravenswood project are lo
cated at the NSA desk in the
ASSU loft at Tresidder.
Because of ihe flexibility of
the present project, it has been
impossible to maintain an exact
list of tutors and tutees. There
fore, to insure activity credit,
all present tutors of the Ravens
wood project and others as
signed through the NSA-School
of Education program are asked
to leave a record of their com
plete name, their tutee's name
and high school, and subject at
the NSA desk.
The Stanford NSA-Sehool of
Education tutorial project has
received a new request for tu
tors from Ravenswood High
School. The previous reserve of
tutors is now being assigned,
and more arc urgently needed,
especially in chemistry, algebra,
and geomtery.
Tutors are also needed in Ger
man, U.S. history, government,
world geography, and world
backgrounds. Applications for
this Ravenswood project are lo
cated at the NSA desk in the
ASSU loft at Tresidder.
Because of ihe flexibility of
the present project, it has been
impossible to maintain an exact
list of tutors and tutees. There
fore, to insure activity credit,
all present tutors of the Ravens
wood project and others as
signed through the NSA-School
of Education program are asked
to leave a record of their com
plete name, their tutee's name
and high school, and subject at
the NSA desk.
The Stanford NSA-Sehool of
Education tutorial project has
received a new request for tu
tors from Ravenswood High
School. The previous reserve of
tutors is now being assigned,
and more arc urgently needed,
especially in chemistry, algebra,
and geomtery.
Tutors are also needed in Ger
man, U.S. history, government,
world geography, and world
backgrounds. Applications for
this Ravenswood project are lo
cated at the NSA desk in the
ASSU loft at Tresidder.
Because of ihe flexibility of
the present project, it has been
impossible to maintain an exact
list of tutors and tutees. There
fore, to insure activity credit,
all present tutors of the Ravens
wood project and others as
signed through the NSA-School
of Education program are asked
to leave a record of their com
plete name, their tutee's name
and high school, and subject at
the NSA desk.
The Stanford NSA-Sehool of
Education tutorial project has
received a new request for tu
tors from Ravenswood High
School. The previous reserve of
tutors is now being assigned,
and more arc urgently needed,
especially in chemistry, algebra,
and geomtery.
Tutors are also needed in Ger
man, U.S. history, government,
world geography, and world
backgrounds. Applications for
this Ravenswood project are lo
cated at the NSA desk in the
ASSU loft at Tresidder.
Because of ihe flexibility of
the present project, it has been
impossible to maintain an exact
list of tutors and tutees. There
fore, to insure activity credit,
all present tutors of the Ravens
wood project and others as
signed through the NSA-School
of Education program are asked
to leave a record of their com
plete name, their tutee's name
and high school, and subject at
the NSA desk.
The Stanford NSA-Sehool of
Education tutorial project has
received a new request for tu
tors from Ravenswood High
School. The previous reserve of
tutors is now being assigned,
and more arc urgently needed,
especially in chemistry, algebra,
and geomtery.
Tutors are also needed in Ger
man, U.S. history, government,
world geography, and world
backgrounds. Applications for
this Ravenswood project are lo
cated at the NSA desk in the
ASSU loft at Tresidder.
Because of ihe flexibility of
the present project, it has been
impossible to maintain an exact
list of tutors and tutees. There
fore, to insure activity credit,
all present tutors of the Ravens
wood project and others as
signed through the NSA-School
of Education program are asked
to leave a record of their com
plete name, their tutee's name
and high school, and subject at
the NSA desk.
The Stanford NSA-Sehool of
Education tutorial project has
received a new request for tu
tors from Ravenswood High
School. The previous reserve of
tutors is now being assigned,
and more arc urgently needed,
especially in chemistry, algebra,
and geomtery.
Tutors are also needed in Ger
man, U.S. history, government,
world geography, and world
backgrounds. Applications for
this Ravenswood project are lo
cated at the NSA desk in the
ASSU loft at Tresidder.
Because of ihe flexibility of
the present project, it has been
impossible to maintain an exact
list of tutors and tutees. There
fore, to insure activity credit,
all present tutors of the Ravens
wood project and others as
signed through the NSA-School
of Education program are asked
to leave a record of their com
plete name, their tutee's name
and high school, and subject at
the NSA desk.
The Stanford NSA-Sehool of
Education tutorial project has
received a new request for tu
tors from Ravenswood High
School. The previous reserve of
tutors is now being assigned,
and more arc urgently needed,
especially in chemistry, algebra,
and geomtery.
Tutors are also needed in Ger
man, U.S. history, government,
world geography, and world
backgrounds. Applications for
this Ravenswood project are lo
cated at the NSA desk in the
ASSU loft at Tresidder.
Because of ihe flexibility of
the present project, it has been
impossible to maintain an exact
list of tutors and tutees. There
fore, to insure activity credit,
all present tutors of the Ravens
wood project and others as
signed through the NSA-School
of Education program are asked
to leave a record of their com
plete name, their tutee's name
and high school, and subject at
the NSA desk.
The Stanford NSA-Sehool of
Education tutorial project has
received a new request for tu
tors from Ravenswood High
School. The previous reserve of
tutors is now being assigned,
and more arc urgently needed,
especially in chemistry, algebra,
and geomtery.
Tutors are also needed in Ger
man, U.S. history, government,
world geography, and world
backgrounds. Applications for
this Ravenswood project are lo
cated at the NSA desk in the
ASSU loft at Tresidder.
Because of ihe flexibility of
the present project, it has been
impossible to maintain an exact
list of tutors and tutees. There
fore, to insure activity credit,
all present tutors of the Ravens
wood project and others as
signed through the NSA-School
of Education program are asked
to leave a record of their com
plete name, their tutee's name
and high school, and subject at
the NSA desk.
The Stanford NSA-Sehool of
Education tutorial project has
received a new request for tu
tors from Ravenswood High
School. The previous reserve of
tutors is now being assigned,
and more arc urgently needed,
especially in chemistry, algebra,
and geomtery.
Tutors are also needed in Ger
man, U.S. history, government,
world geography, and world
backgrounds. Applications for
this Ravenswood project are lo
cated at the NSA desk in the
ASSU loft at Tresidder.
Because of ihe flexibility of
the present project, it has been
impossible to maintain an exact
list of tutors and tutees. There
fore, to insure activity credit,
all present tutors of the Ravens
wood project and others as
signed through the NSA-School
of Education program are asked
to leave a record of their com
plete name, their tutee's name
and high school, and subject at
the NSA desk.
The Stanford NSA-Sehool of
Education tutorial project has
received a new request for tu
tors from Ravenswood High
School. The previous reserve of
tutors is now being assigned,
and more arc urgently needed,
especially in chemistry, algebra,
and geomtery.
Tutors are also needed in Ger
man, U.S. history, government,
world geography, and world
backgrounds. Applications for
this Ravenswood project are lo
cated at the NSA desk in the
ASSU loft at Tresidder.
Because of ihe flexibility of
the present project, it has been
impossible to maintain an exact
list of tutors and tutees. There
fore, to insure activity credit,
all present tutors of the Ravens
wood project and others as
signed through the NSA-School
of Education program are asked
to leave a record of their com
plete name, their tutee's name
and high school, and subject at
the NSA desk.
The Stanford NSA-Sehool of
Education tutorial project has
received a new request for tu
tors from Ravenswood High
School. The previous reserve of
tutors is now being assigned,
and more arc urgently needed,
especially in chemistry, algebra,
and geomtery.
Tutors are also needed in Ger
man, U.S. history, government,
world geography, and world
backgrounds. Applications for
this Ravenswood project are lo
cated at the NSA desk in the
ASSU loft at Tresidder.
Because of ihe flexibility of
the present project, it has been
impossible to maintain an exact
list of tutors and tutees. There
fore, to insure activity credit,
all present tutors of the Ravens
wood project and others as
signed through the NSA-School
of Education program are asked
to leave a record of their com
plete name, their tutee's name
and high school, and subject at
the NSA desk.
The Stanford NSA-Sehool of
Education tutorial project has
received a new request for tu
tors from Ravenswood High
School. The previous reserve of
tutors is now being assigned,
and more arc urgently needed,
especially in chemistry, algebra,
and geomtery.
Tutors are also needed in Ger
man, U.S. history, government,
world geography, and world
backgrounds. Applications for
this Ravenswood project are lo
cated at the NSA desk in the
ASSU loft at Tresidder.
Because of ihe flexibility of
the present project, it has been
impossible to maintain an exact
list of tutors and tutees. There
fore, to insure activity credit,
all present tutors of the Ravens
wood project and others as
signed through the NSA-School
of Education program are asked
to leave a record of their com
plete name, their tutee's name
and high school, and subject at
the NSA desk.
The Stanford NSA-Sehool of
Education tutorial project has
received a new request for tu
tors from Ravenswood High
School. The previous reserve of
tutors is now being assigned,
and more arc urgently needed,
especially in chemistry, algebra,
and geomtery.
Tutors are also needed in Ger
man, U.S. history, government,
world geography, and world
backgrounds. Applications for
this Ravenswood project are lo
cated at the NSA desk in the
ASSU loft at Tresidder.
Because of ihe flexibility of
the present project, it has been
impossible to maintain an exact
list of tutors and tutees. There
fore, to insure activity credit,
all present tutors of the Ravens
wood project and others as
signed through the NSA-School
of Education program are asked
to leave a record of their com
plete name, their tutee's name
and high school, and subject at
the NSA desk.
The Stanford NSA-Sehool of
Education tutorial project has
received a new request for tu
tors from Ravenswood High
School. The previous reserve of
tutors is now being assigned,
and more arc urgently needed,
especially in chemistry, algebra,
and geomtery.
Tutors are also needed in Ger
man, U.S. history, government,
world geography, and world
backgrounds. Applications for
this Ravenswood project are lo
cated at the NSA desk in the
ASSU loft at Tresidder.
Because of ihe flexibility of
the present project, it has been
impossible to maintain an exact
list of tutors and tutees. There
fore, to insure activity credit,
all present tutors of the Ravens
wood project and others as
signed through the NSA-School
of Education program are asked
to leave a record of their com
plete name, their tutee's name
and high school, and subject at
the NSA desk.
