# Adv. 21 Page 4
## 
### 
Large quantities of gold exist just
below the surface of Mongolia, but
climatic conditions frustrate mining
attempts.
Large quantities of gold exist just
below the surface of Mongolia, but
climatic conditions frustrate mining
attempts.
Large quantities of gold exist just
below the surface of Mongolia, but
climatic conditions frustrate mining
attempts.
Large quantities of gold exist just
below the surface of Mongolia, but
climatic conditions frustrate mining
attempts.
Large quantities of gold exist just
below the surface of Mongolia, but
climatic conditions frustrate mining
attempts.
Large quantities of gold exist just
below the surface of Mongolia, but
climatic conditions frustrate mining
attempts.
Large quantities of gold exist just
below the surface of Mongolia, but
climatic conditions frustrate mining
attempts.
Large quantities of gold exist just
below the surface of Mongolia, but
climatic conditions frustrate mining
attempts.
Large quantities of gold exist just
below the surface of Mongolia, but
climatic conditions frustrate mining
attempts.
Large quantities of gold exist just
below the surface of Mongolia, but
climatic conditions frustrate mining
attempts.
Large quantities of gold exist just
below the surface of Mongolia, but
climatic conditions frustrate mining
attempts.
Large quantities of gold exist just
below the surface of Mongolia, but
climatic conditions frustrate mining
attempts.
Large quantities of gold exist just
below the surface of Mongolia, but
climatic conditions frustrate mining
attempts.
Large quantities of gold exist just
below the surface of Mongolia, but
climatic conditions frustrate mining
attempts.
Large quantities of gold exist just
below the surface of Mongolia, but
climatic conditions frustrate mining
attempts.
Large quantities of gold exist just
below the surface of Mongolia, but
climatic conditions frustrate mining
attempts.
