# GANDHI TO GO FREE
## 
### 
SIMLA, India, Oct. 9. (/P) —Lord
Willingdon, the Viceroy, has re
ceived numerous requests for the
release of Mahatma Gandhi and is
understood to have agreed to his
freedom, on condition his civil dis
obedience campaign be called off.
SIMLA, India, Oct. 9. (/P) —Lord
Willingdon, the Viceroy, has re
ceived numerous requests for the
release of Mahatma Gandhi and is
understood to have agreed to his
freedom, on condition his civil dis
obedience campaign be called off.
SIMLA, India, Oct. 9. (/P) —Lord
Willingdon, the Viceroy, has re
ceived numerous requests for the
release of Mahatma Gandhi and is
understood to have agreed to his
freedom, on condition his civil dis
obedience campaign be called off.
SIMLA, India, Oct. 9. (/P) —Lord
Willingdon, the Viceroy, has re
ceived numerous requests for the
release of Mahatma Gandhi and is
understood to have agreed to his
freedom, on condition his civil dis
obedience campaign be called off.
SIMLA, India, Oct. 9. (/P) —Lord
Willingdon, the Viceroy, has re
ceived numerous requests for the
release of Mahatma Gandhi and is
understood to have agreed to his
freedom, on condition his civil dis
obedience campaign be called off.
SIMLA, India, Oct. 9. (/P) —Lord
Willingdon, the Viceroy, has re
ceived numerous requests for the
release of Mahatma Gandhi and is
understood to have agreed to his
freedom, on condition his civil dis
obedience campaign be called off.
SIMLA, India, Oct. 9. (/P) —Lord
Willingdon, the Viceroy, has re
ceived numerous requests for the
release of Mahatma Gandhi and is
understood to have agreed to his
freedom, on condition his civil dis
obedience campaign be called off.
SIMLA, India, Oct. 9. (/P) —Lord
Willingdon, the Viceroy, has re
ceived numerous requests for the
release of Mahatma Gandhi and is
understood to have agreed to his
freedom, on condition his civil dis
obedience campaign be called off.
SIMLA, India, Oct. 9. (/P) —Lord
Willingdon, the Viceroy, has re
ceived numerous requests for the
release of Mahatma Gandhi and is
understood to have agreed to his
freedom, on condition his civil dis
obedience campaign be called off.
SIMLA, India, Oct. 9. (/P) —Lord
Willingdon, the Viceroy, has re
ceived numerous requests for the
release of Mahatma Gandhi and is
understood to have agreed to his
freedom, on condition his civil dis
obedience campaign be called off.
SIMLA, India, Oct. 9. (/P) —Lord
Willingdon, the Viceroy, has re
ceived numerous requests for the
release of Mahatma Gandhi and is
understood to have agreed to his
freedom, on condition his civil dis
obedience campaign be called off.
SIMLA, India, Oct. 9. (/P) —Lord
Willingdon, the Viceroy, has re
ceived numerous requests for the
release of Mahatma Gandhi and is
understood to have agreed to his
freedom, on condition his civil dis
obedience campaign be called off.
SIMLA, India, Oct. 9. (/P) —Lord
Willingdon, the Viceroy, has re
ceived numerous requests for the
release of Mahatma Gandhi and is
understood to have agreed to his
freedom, on condition his civil dis
obedience campaign be called off.
SIMLA, India, Oct. 9. (/P) —Lord
Willingdon, the Viceroy, has re
ceived numerous requests for the
release of Mahatma Gandhi and is
understood to have agreed to his
freedom, on condition his civil dis
obedience campaign be called off.
SIMLA, India, Oct. 9. (/P) —Lord
Willingdon, the Viceroy, has re
ceived numerous requests for the
release of Mahatma Gandhi and is
understood to have agreed to his
freedom, on condition his civil dis
obedience campaign be called off.
SIMLA, India, Oct. 9. (/P) —Lord
Willingdon, the Viceroy, has re
ceived numerous requests for the
release of Mahatma Gandhi and is
understood to have agreed to his
freedom, on condition his civil dis
obedience campaign be called off.
