# ALPHA SIG PLEDGE
## 
### 
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dick Craemer, '35.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dick Craemer, '35.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dick Craemer, '35.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dick Craemer, '35.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dick Craemer, '35.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dick Craemer, '35.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dick Craemer, '35.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dick Craemer, '35.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dick Craemer, '35.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dick Craemer, '35.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dick Craemer, '35.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dick Craemer, '35.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dick Craemer, '35.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dick Craemer, '35.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dick Craemer, '35.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Dick Craemer, '35.
