# Philippi, '34, Reveives Award For Art Poster
## 
### 
Richard Philippi, '34, has received
honorable mention for a poster sub
mitted to the House Beautiful Post
er Competition now drawing to a
close at the Boston, Massachusetts,
Public Library.
Philippi's poster, which dcpicts a
garden scene in bright colors, is
now on exhibition in the Salon of
Poster Art in the Boston Library
and will be displayed in representa
tive cities throughout the United
States this winter.
Sponsors of the show, which is the
tenth conducted by House Beauti
ful, attempt to provide a consider
ate and impartial market for the
aspiring artist who is able to dis
play discriminating taste in inter
preting the character of the publi
cation. Three covers ax - e awarded
cash prizes and nine receive honor
able mention.
