# Craig Scheduled To Talk At English Review Club
## 
### 
Graduate students in the Depart
ment of English are invited to at
tend the first meeting of the Eng
lish Review Club to be held at the
home of Professor A. G. Kennedy,
435 Coleridge avenue in Palo Alto,
this evening at 7:30 o'clock.
Dr. Craig, of the English depart
ment, who has just returned from a
year's leave of absence which he
spent in England will speak. The
English Review Club is a semi
social organization of graduate stu
dents with the purpose of familiari
zation of the scholarly journals in
the field of English literature and
related subjects.
Graduate students in the Depart
ment of English are invited to at
tend the first meeting of the Eng
lish Review Club to be held at the
home of Professor A. G. Kennedy,
435 Coleridge avenue in Palo Alto,
this evening at 7:30 o'clock.
Dr. Craig, of the English depart
ment, who has just returned from a
year's leave of absence which he
spent in England will speak. The
English Review Club is a semi
social organization of graduate stu
dents with the purpose of familiari
zation of the scholarly journals in
the field of English literature and
related subjects.
Graduate students in the Depart
ment of English are invited to at
tend the first meeting of the Eng
lish Review Club to be held at the
home of Professor A. G. Kennedy,
435 Coleridge avenue in Palo Alto,
this evening at 7:30 o'clock.
Dr. Craig, of the English depart
ment, who has just returned from a
year's leave of absence which he
spent in England will speak. The
English Review Club is a semi
social organization of graduate stu
dents with the purpose of familiari
zation of the scholarly journals in
the field of English literature and
related subjects.
Graduate students in the Depart
ment of English are invited to at
tend the first meeting of the Eng
lish Review Club to be held at the
home of Professor A. G. Kennedy,
435 Coleridge avenue in Palo Alto,
this evening at 7:30 o'clock.
Dr. Craig, of the English depart
ment, who has just returned from a
year's leave of absence which he
spent in England will speak. The
English Review Club is a semi
social organization of graduate stu
dents with the purpose of familiari
zation of the scholarly journals in
the field of English literature and
related subjects.
Graduate students in the Depart
ment of English are invited to at
tend the first meeting of the Eng
lish Review Club to be held at the
home of Professor A. G. Kennedy,
435 Coleridge avenue in Palo Alto,
this evening at 7:30 o'clock.
Dr. Craig, of the English depart
ment, who has just returned from a
year's leave of absence which he
spent in England will speak. The
English Review Club is a semi
social organization of graduate stu
dents with the purpose of familiari
zation of the scholarly journals in
the field of English literature and
related subjects.
Graduate students in the Depart
ment of English are invited to at
tend the first meeting of the Eng
lish Review Club to be held at the
home of Professor A. G. Kennedy,
435 Coleridge avenue in Palo Alto,
this evening at 7:30 o'clock.
Dr. Craig, of the English depart
ment, who has just returned from a
year's leave of absence which he
spent in England will speak. The
English Review Club is a semi
social organization of graduate stu
dents with the purpose of familiari
zation of the scholarly journals in
the field of English literature and
related subjects.
Graduate students in the Depart
ment of English are invited to at
tend the first meeting of the Eng
lish Review Club to be held at the
home of Professor A. G. Kennedy,
435 Coleridge avenue in Palo Alto,
this evening at 7:30 o'clock.
Dr. Craig, of the English depart
ment, who has just returned from a
year's leave of absence which he
spent in England will speak. The
English Review Club is a semi
social organization of graduate stu
dents with the purpose of familiari
zation of the scholarly journals in
the field of English literature and
related subjects.
Graduate students in the Depart
ment of English are invited to at
tend the first meeting of the Eng
lish Review Club to be held at the
home of Professor A. G. Kennedy,
435 Coleridge avenue in Palo Alto,
this evening at 7:30 o'clock.
Dr. Craig, of the English depart
ment, who has just returned from a
year's leave of absence which he
spent in England will speak. The
English Review Club is a semi
social organization of graduate stu
dents with the purpose of familiari
zation of the scholarly journals in
the field of English literature and
related subjects.
Graduate students in the Depart
ment of English are invited to at
tend the first meeting of the Eng
lish Review Club to be held at the
home of Professor A. G. Kennedy,
435 Coleridge avenue in Palo Alto,
this evening at 7:30 o'clock.
Dr. Craig, of the English depart
ment, who has just returned from a
year's leave of absence which he
spent in England will speak. The
English Review Club is a semi
social organization of graduate stu
dents with the purpose of familiari
zation of the scholarly journals in
the field of English literature and
related subjects.
Graduate students in the Depart
ment of English are invited to at
tend the first meeting of the Eng
lish Review Club to be held at the
home of Professor A. G. Kennedy,
435 Coleridge avenue in Palo Alto,
this evening at 7:30 o'clock.
Dr. Craig, of the English depart
ment, who has just returned from a
year's leave of absence which he
spent in England will speak. The
English Review Club is a semi
social organization of graduate stu
dents with the purpose of familiari
zation of the scholarly journals in
the field of English literature and
related subjects.
Graduate students in the Depart
ment of English are invited to at
tend the first meeting of the Eng
lish Review Club to be held at the
home of Professor A. G. Kennedy,
435 Coleridge avenue in Palo Alto,
this evening at 7:30 o'clock.
Dr. Craig, of the English depart
ment, who has just returned from a
year's leave of absence which he
spent in England will speak. The
English Review Club is a semi
social organization of graduate stu
dents with the purpose of familiari
zation of the scholarly journals in
the field of English literature and
related subjects.
Graduate students in the Depart
ment of English are invited to at
tend the first meeting of the Eng
lish Review Club to be held at the
home of Professor A. G. Kennedy,
435 Coleridge avenue in Palo Alto,
this evening at 7:30 o'clock.
Dr. Craig, of the English depart
ment, who has just returned from a
year's leave of absence which he
spent in England will speak. The
English Review Club is a semi
social organization of graduate stu
dents with the purpose of familiari
zation of the scholarly journals in
the field of English literature and
related subjects.
Graduate students in the Depart
ment of English are invited to at
tend the first meeting of the Eng
lish Review Club to be held at the
home of Professor A. G. Kennedy,
435 Coleridge avenue in Palo Alto,
this evening at 7:30 o'clock.
Dr. Craig, of the English depart
ment, who has just returned from a
year's leave of absence which he
spent in England will speak. The
English Review Club is a semi
social organization of graduate stu
dents with the purpose of familiari
zation of the scholarly journals in
the field of English literature and
related subjects.
Graduate students in the Depart
ment of English are invited to at
tend the first meeting of the Eng
lish Review Club to be held at the
home of Professor A. G. Kennedy,
435 Coleridge avenue in Palo Alto,
this evening at 7:30 o'clock.
Dr. Craig, of the English depart
ment, who has just returned from a
year's leave of absence which he
spent in England will speak. The
English Review Club is a semi
social organization of graduate stu
dents with the purpose of familiari
zation of the scholarly journals in
the field of English literature and
related subjects.
Graduate students in the Depart
ment of English are invited to at
tend the first meeting of the Eng
lish Review Club to be held at the
home of Professor A. G. Kennedy,
435 Coleridge avenue in Palo Alto,
this evening at 7:30 o'clock.
Dr. Craig, of the English depart
ment, who has just returned from a
year's leave of absence which he
spent in England will speak. The
English Review Club is a semi
social organization of graduate stu
dents with the purpose of familiari
zation of the scholarly journals in
the field of English literature and
related subjects.
Graduate students in the Depart
ment of English are invited to at
tend the first meeting of the Eng
lish Review Club to be held at the
home of Professor A. G. Kennedy,
435 Coleridge avenue in Palo Alto,
this evening at 7:30 o'clock.
Dr. Craig, of the English depart
ment, who has just returned from a
year's leave of absence which he
spent in England will speak. The
English Review Club is a semi
social organization of graduate stu
dents with the purpose of familiari
zation of the scholarly journals in
the field of English literature and
related subjects.
