# LATE REGISTRATION
## 
### 
October 22 is the last date for
students to register in the Univer
sity for the autumn quarter. After
October 15 programs may not be
changed except by special petition
is the announcement from the regis
trar's office.
There are vast areas of South
American jungle still unexplored,
and head-hunting Indians who have
never been tamed.
October 22 is the last date for
students to register in the Univer
sity for the autumn quarter. After
October 15 programs may not be
changed except by special petition
is the announcement from the regis
trar's office.
There are vast areas of South
American jungle still unexplored,
and head-hunting Indians who have
never been tamed.
October 22 is the last date for
students to register in the Univer
sity for the autumn quarter. After
October 15 programs may not be
changed except by special petition
is the announcement from the regis
trar's office.
There are vast areas of South
American jungle still unexplored,
and head-hunting Indians who have
never been tamed.
October 22 is the last date for
students to register in the Univer
sity for the autumn quarter. After
October 15 programs may not be
changed except by special petition
is the announcement from the regis
trar's office.
There are vast areas of South
American jungle still unexplored,
and head-hunting Indians who have
never been tamed.
October 22 is the last date for
students to register in the Univer
sity for the autumn quarter. After
October 15 programs may not be
changed except by special petition
is the announcement from the regis
trar's office.
There are vast areas of South
American jungle still unexplored,
and head-hunting Indians who have
never been tamed.
October 22 is the last date for
students to register in the Univer
sity for the autumn quarter. After
October 15 programs may not be
changed except by special petition
is the announcement from the regis
trar's office.
There are vast areas of South
American jungle still unexplored,
and head-hunting Indians who have
never been tamed.
October 22 is the last date for
students to register in the Univer
sity for the autumn quarter. After
October 15 programs may not be
changed except by special petition
is the announcement from the regis
trar's office.
There are vast areas of South
American jungle still unexplored,
and head-hunting Indians who have
never been tamed.
October 22 is the last date for
students to register in the Univer
sity for the autumn quarter. After
October 15 programs may not be
changed except by special petition
is the announcement from the regis
trar's office.
There are vast areas of South
American jungle still unexplored,
and head-hunting Indians who have
never been tamed.
October 22 is the last date for
students to register in the Univer
sity for the autumn quarter. After
October 15 programs may not be
changed except by special petition
is the announcement from the regis
trar's office.
There are vast areas of South
American jungle still unexplored,
and head-hunting Indians who have
never been tamed.
October 22 is the last date for
students to register in the Univer
sity for the autumn quarter. After
October 15 programs may not be
changed except by special petition
is the announcement from the regis
trar's office.
There are vast areas of South
American jungle still unexplored,
and head-hunting Indians who have
never been tamed.
October 22 is the last date for
students to register in the Univer
sity for the autumn quarter. After
October 15 programs may not be
changed except by special petition
is the announcement from the regis
trar's office.
There are vast areas of South
American jungle still unexplored,
and head-hunting Indians who have
never been tamed.
October 22 is the last date for
students to register in the Univer
sity for the autumn quarter. After
October 15 programs may not be
changed except by special petition
is the announcement from the regis
trar's office.
There are vast areas of South
American jungle still unexplored,
and head-hunting Indians who have
never been tamed.
October 22 is the last date for
students to register in the Univer
sity for the autumn quarter. After
October 15 programs may not be
changed except by special petition
is the announcement from the regis
trar's office.
There are vast areas of South
American jungle still unexplored,
and head-hunting Indians who have
never been tamed.
October 22 is the last date for
students to register in the Univer
sity for the autumn quarter. After
October 15 programs may not be
changed except by special petition
is the announcement from the regis
trar's office.
There are vast areas of South
American jungle still unexplored,
and head-hunting Indians who have
never been tamed.
October 22 is the last date for
students to register in the Univer
sity for the autumn quarter. After
October 15 programs may not be
changed except by special petition
is the announcement from the regis
trar's office.
There are vast areas of South
American jungle still unexplored,
and head-hunting Indians who have
never been tamed.
October 22 is the last date for
students to register in the Univer
sity for the autumn quarter. After
October 15 programs may not be
changed except by special petition
is the announcement from the regis
trar's office.
There are vast areas of South
American jungle still unexplored,
and head-hunting Indians who have
never been tamed.
