# Frosh Plan Three Debates This Week
## 
### 
There are three freshman debates
scheduled for this week. Two de
bates will be with Modesto Junior
College and one with San Jose High
School on Friday, May 3. Jim Fro
lik and Frank Bauman are teamed
against San Jose, while Jim Kessler
and Dick McClure will oppose Mo
desto. The team for the second de
bate against Modesto has not been
announced.

Even in theaters and restaurants,
Japanese keep on their hats and
overcoats.
There are three freshman debates
scheduled for this week. Two de
bates will be with Modesto Junior
College and one with San Jose High
School on Friday, May 3. Jim Fro
lik and Frank Bauman are teamed
against San Jose, while Jim Kessler
and Dick McClure will oppose Mo
desto. The team for the second de
bate against Modesto has not been
announced.

Even in theaters and restaurants,
Japanese keep on their hats and
overcoats.
There are three freshman debates
scheduled for this week. Two de
bates will be with Modesto Junior
College and one with San Jose High
School on Friday, May 3. Jim Fro
lik and Frank Bauman are teamed
against San Jose, while Jim Kessler
and Dick McClure will oppose Mo
desto. The team for the second de
bate against Modesto has not been
announced.

Even in theaters and restaurants,
Japanese keep on their hats and
overcoats.
There are three freshman debates
scheduled for this week. Two de
bates will be with Modesto Junior
College and one with San Jose High
School on Friday, May 3. Jim Fro
lik and Frank Bauman are teamed
against San Jose, while Jim Kessler
and Dick McClure will oppose Mo
desto. The team for the second de
bate against Modesto has not been
announced.

Even in theaters and restaurants,
Japanese keep on their hats and
overcoats.
There are three freshman debates
scheduled for this week. Two de
bates will be with Modesto Junior
College and one with San Jose High
School on Friday, May 3. Jim Fro
lik and Frank Bauman are teamed
against San Jose, while Jim Kessler
and Dick McClure will oppose Mo
desto. The team for the second de
bate against Modesto has not been
announced.

Even in theaters and restaurants,
Japanese keep on their hats and
overcoats.
There are three freshman debates
scheduled for this week. Two de
bates will be with Modesto Junior
College and one with San Jose High
School on Friday, May 3. Jim Fro
lik and Frank Bauman are teamed
against San Jose, while Jim Kessler
and Dick McClure will oppose Mo
desto. The team for the second de
bate against Modesto has not been
announced.

Even in theaters and restaurants,
Japanese keep on their hats and
overcoats.
There are three freshman debates
scheduled for this week. Two de
bates will be with Modesto Junior
College and one with San Jose High
School on Friday, May 3. Jim Fro
lik and Frank Bauman are teamed
against San Jose, while Jim Kessler
and Dick McClure will oppose Mo
desto. The team for the second de
bate against Modesto has not been
announced.

Even in theaters and restaurants,
Japanese keep on their hats and
overcoats.
There are three freshman debates
scheduled for this week. Two de
bates will be with Modesto Junior
College and one with San Jose High
School on Friday, May 3. Jim Fro
lik and Frank Bauman are teamed
against San Jose, while Jim Kessler
and Dick McClure will oppose Mo
desto. The team for the second de
bate against Modesto has not been
announced.

Even in theaters and restaurants,
Japanese keep on their hats and
overcoats.
There are three freshman debates
scheduled for this week. Two de
bates will be with Modesto Junior
College and one with San Jose High
School on Friday, May 3. Jim Fro
lik and Frank Bauman are teamed
against San Jose, while Jim Kessler
and Dick McClure will oppose Mo
desto. The team for the second de
bate against Modesto has not been
announced.

Even in theaters and restaurants,
Japanese keep on their hats and
overcoats.
There are three freshman debates
scheduled for this week. Two de
bates will be with Modesto Junior
College and one with San Jose High
School on Friday, May 3. Jim Fro
lik and Frank Bauman are teamed
against San Jose, while Jim Kessler
and Dick McClure will oppose Mo
desto. The team for the second de
bate against Modesto has not been
announced.

Even in theaters and restaurants,
Japanese keep on their hats and
overcoats.
There are three freshman debates
scheduled for this week. Two de
bates will be with Modesto Junior
College and one with San Jose High
School on Friday, May 3. Jim Fro
lik and Frank Bauman are teamed
against San Jose, while Jim Kessler
and Dick McClure will oppose Mo
desto. The team for the second de
bate against Modesto has not been
announced.

Even in theaters and restaurants,
Japanese keep on their hats and
overcoats.
There are three freshman debates
scheduled for this week. Two de
bates will be with Modesto Junior
College and one with San Jose High
School on Friday, May 3. Jim Fro
lik and Frank Bauman are teamed
against San Jose, while Jim Kessler
and Dick McClure will oppose Mo
desto. The team for the second de
bate against Modesto has not been
announced.

Even in theaters and restaurants,
Japanese keep on their hats and
overcoats.
There are three freshman debates
scheduled for this week. Two de
bates will be with Modesto Junior
College and one with San Jose High
School on Friday, May 3. Jim Fro
lik and Frank Bauman are teamed
against San Jose, while Jim Kessler
and Dick McClure will oppose Mo
desto. The team for the second de
bate against Modesto has not been
announced.

Even in theaters and restaurants,
Japanese keep on their hats and
overcoats.
There are three freshman debates
scheduled for this week. Two de
bates will be with Modesto Junior
College and one with San Jose High
School on Friday, May 3. Jim Fro
lik and Frank Bauman are teamed
against San Jose, while Jim Kessler
and Dick McClure will oppose Mo
desto. The team for the second de
bate against Modesto has not been
announced.

Even in theaters and restaurants,
Japanese keep on their hats and
overcoats.
There are three freshman debates
scheduled for this week. Two de
bates will be with Modesto Junior
College and one with San Jose High
School on Friday, May 3. Jim Fro
lik and Frank Bauman are teamed
against San Jose, while Jim Kessler
and Dick McClure will oppose Mo
desto. The team for the second de
bate against Modesto has not been
announced.

Even in theaters and restaurants,
Japanese keep on their hats and
overcoats.
There are three freshman debates
scheduled for this week. Two de
bates will be with Modesto Junior
College and one with San Jose High
School on Friday, May 3. Jim Fro
lik and Frank Bauman are teamed
against San Jose, while Jim Kessler
and Dick McClure will oppose Mo
desto. The team for the second de
bate against Modesto has not been
announced.

Even in theaters and restaurants,
Japanese keep on their hats and
overcoats.
There are three freshman debates
scheduled for this week. Two de
bates will be with Modesto Junior
College and one with San Jose High
School on Friday, May 3. Jim Fro
lik and Frank Bauman are teamed
against San Jose, while Jim Kessler
and Dick McClure will oppose Mo
desto. The team for the second de
bate against Modesto has not been
announced.

Even in theaters and restaurants,
Japanese keep on their hats and
overcoats.
