# THE 						STANFORD DAILY SPORTS
## CHAMPIONS SING IN SHOWERS 
### CHESLIE SAROYAN, Sports Editor 

YOU'D SING IN THE showers too if you had iust broken the world
record for the mile relay like this quartet of Card quarter-milers.
They set the new record at 3:10.5 in the U.C.L.A. meet three weeks
ago. From left: Charlie Shaw, Ernie Clark. Craig Williamson, and
Captain Clyde Jeffrey.

YOU'D SING IN THE showers too if you had iust broken the world
record for the mile relay like this quartet of Card quarter-milers.
They set the new record at 3:10.5 in the U.C.L.A. meet three weeks
ago. From left: Charlie Shaw, Ernie Clark. Craig Williamson, and
Captain Clyde Jeffrey.

YOU'D SING IN THE showers too if you had iust broken the world
record for the mile relay like this quartet of Card quarter-milers.
They set the new record at 3:10.5 in the U.C.L.A. meet three weeks
ago. From left: Charlie Shaw, Ernie Clark. Craig Williamson, and
Captain Clyde Jeffrey.

YOU'D SING IN THE showers too if you had iust broken the world
record for the mile relay like this quartet of Card quarter-milers.
They set the new record at 3:10.5 in the U.C.L.A. meet three weeks
ago. From left: Charlie Shaw, Ernie Clark. Craig Williamson, and
Captain Clyde Jeffrey.

YOU'D SING IN THE showers too if you had iust broken the world
record for the mile relay like this quartet of Card quarter-milers.
They set the new record at 3:10.5 in the U.C.L.A. meet three weeks
ago. From left: Charlie Shaw, Ernie Clark. Craig Williamson, and
Captain Clyde Jeffrey.

YOU'D SING IN THE showers too if you had iust broken the world
record for the mile relay like this quartet of Card quarter-milers.
They set the new record at 3:10.5 in the U.C.L.A. meet three weeks
ago. From left: Charlie Shaw, Ernie Clark. Craig Williamson, and
Captain Clyde Jeffrey.

YOU'D SING IN THE showers too if you had iust broken the world
record for the mile relay like this quartet of Card quarter-milers.
They set the new record at 3:10.5 in the U.C.L.A. meet three weeks
ago. From left: Charlie Shaw, Ernie Clark. Craig Williamson, and
Captain Clyde Jeffrey.

YOU'D SING IN THE showers too if you had iust broken the world
record for the mile relay like this quartet of Card quarter-milers.
They set the new record at 3:10.5 in the U.C.L.A. meet three weeks
ago. From left: Charlie Shaw, Ernie Clark. Craig Williamson, and
Captain Clyde Jeffrey.

YOU'D SING IN THE showers too if you had iust broken the world
record for the mile relay like this quartet of Card quarter-milers.
They set the new record at 3:10.5 in the U.C.L.A. meet three weeks
ago. From left: Charlie Shaw, Ernie Clark. Craig Williamson, and
Captain Clyde Jeffrey.

YOU'D SING IN THE showers too if you had iust broken the world
record for the mile relay like this quartet of Card quarter-milers.
They set the new record at 3:10.5 in the U.C.L.A. meet three weeks
ago. From left: Charlie Shaw, Ernie Clark. Craig Williamson, and
Captain Clyde Jeffrey.

YOU'D SING IN THE showers too if you had iust broken the world
record for the mile relay like this quartet of Card quarter-milers.
They set the new record at 3:10.5 in the U.C.L.A. meet three weeks
ago. From left: Charlie Shaw, Ernie Clark. Craig Williamson, and
Captain Clyde Jeffrey.

YOU'D SING IN THE showers too if you had iust broken the world
record for the mile relay like this quartet of Card quarter-milers.
They set the new record at 3:10.5 in the U.C.L.A. meet three weeks
ago. From left: Charlie Shaw, Ernie Clark. Craig Williamson, and
Captain Clyde Jeffrey.

YOU'D SING IN THE showers too if you had iust broken the world
record for the mile relay like this quartet of Card quarter-milers.
They set the new record at 3:10.5 in the U.C.L.A. meet three weeks
ago. From left: Charlie Shaw, Ernie Clark. Craig Williamson, and
Captain Clyde Jeffrey.

YOU'D SING IN THE showers too if you had iust broken the world
record for the mile relay like this quartet of Card quarter-milers.
They set the new record at 3:10.5 in the U.C.L.A. meet three weeks
ago. From left: Charlie Shaw, Ernie Clark. Craig Williamson, and
Captain Clyde Jeffrey.

YOU'D SING IN THE showers too if you had iust broken the world
record for the mile relay like this quartet of Card quarter-milers.
They set the new record at 3:10.5 in the U.C.L.A. meet three weeks
ago. From left: Charlie Shaw, Ernie Clark. Craig Williamson, and
Captain Clyde Jeffrey.

YOU'D SING IN THE showers too if you had iust broken the world
record for the mile relay like this quartet of Card quarter-milers.
They set the new record at 3:10.5 in the U.C.L.A. meet three weeks
ago. From left: Charlie Shaw, Ernie Clark. Craig Williamson, and
Captain Clyde Jeffrey.

YOU'D SING IN THE showers too if you had iust broken the world
record for the mile relay like this quartet of Card quarter-milers.
They set the new record at 3:10.5 in the U.C.L.A. meet three weeks
ago. From left: Charlie Shaw, Ernie Clark. Craig Williamson, and
Captain Clyde Jeffrey.
