# Mothers' Club Plans Carnival
## 
### 
Tomorrow afternoon from 12 to 5
o'clock, the Stanford Mothers' Club
will open the portals of the Belle
Vista Ranch near Saratoga to an in
flux of celebrants for their annual
benefit, the County Carnival. Jack
Temple will serve as master of cere
monies.
Beginning at. 12:30 o'clock with a
picnic luncheon to be either pur
chased at the grounds or brought by
the individuals, the carnival will
move through an afternoon of games,
music, dancing, fortune telling, and
singing. The program will end with
a grand finale of all the dancers and
singers of the afternoon.
COMMUNITY SING
At 1 o'clock there will be a com
munity sing, led by Frosty Boyd, and
accompanied by accordianists Alice
Lovett, Katharine Beaver, and Jean
Luckett. Immediately thereafter the
games begin. At 1:50 o'clock Aubrey
Austin will wield the gavel at the
first art auction of the afternoon.
The second art auction is scheduled
for 2:40 o'clock.
Sixty dancers from Andreucetti
School of Dance, with the vocal ac
companiment of members of the San
Jose Opera Association, will be one
of the main features of an afternoon
full of spectacular numbers. An
other of the dancers promised for
the carnival is Snooky Landenbcrg
er, who will present a genuine hula.
MARIMBA ENSEMBLE
Throughout the afternoon, a ma
rimba ensemble will play on the
premises, where booths will offer
beautiful flowers for sale. Conclud
ing the events will be a presentation
of the puppet show, "Cinderella."
