# Gayway to Be Carnival Theme
## Soph Drive Will Aid Convalescent Home 
### 
The Sophomore Carnival, first cog
in the Convalescent Home Drive
week, will take its theme from the
Gayway this year, with every type
of entertainment feature promised,
from goldfish swallowing to taxi
dancing.
According to the chairman, Pete
Kingsbury, a secret event has been
planned which will add to the hi
larity of the events on Friday. Pie
throwing, egg - throwing, and the
"flivver raffle" will all contribute
toward the goal of $900.
The carnival will be held in the
Pavilion with every living group
sponsoring a booth. Each living
group booth chairman should con
tact Jack Ditz to make final ar
rangements for the concessions.
There will be no fee for general
admission to the Pavilion, stated
Jack Burns, president of the sopho
more class. Houses have started
planning their booths for the eve
ning, which range from selling hot
dogs to the art of weight-guessing.
The Sophomore Carnival, first cog
in the Convalescent Home Drive
week, will take its theme from the
Gayway this year, with every type
of entertainment feature promised,
from goldfish swallowing to taxi
dancing.
According to the chairman, Pete
Kingsbury, a secret event has been
planned which will add to the hi
larity of the events on Friday. Pie
throwing, egg - throwing, and the
"flivver raffle" will all contribute
toward the goal of $900.
The carnival will be held in the
Pavilion with every living group
sponsoring a booth. Each living
group booth chairman should con
tact Jack Ditz to make final ar
rangements for the concessions.
There will be no fee for general
admission to the Pavilion, stated
Jack Burns, president of the sopho
more class. Houses have started
planning their booths for the eve
ning, which range from selling hot
dogs to the art of weight-guessing.
The Sophomore Carnival, first cog
in the Convalescent Home Drive
week, will take its theme from the
Gayway this year, with every type
of entertainment feature promised,
from goldfish swallowing to taxi
dancing.
According to the chairman, Pete
Kingsbury, a secret event has been
planned which will add to the hi
larity of the events on Friday. Pie
throwing, egg - throwing, and the
"flivver raffle" will all contribute
toward the goal of $900.
The carnival will be held in the
Pavilion with every living group
sponsoring a booth. Each living
group booth chairman should con
tact Jack Ditz to make final ar
rangements for the concessions.
There will be no fee for general
admission to the Pavilion, stated
Jack Burns, president of the sopho
more class. Houses have started
planning their booths for the eve
ning, which range from selling hot
dogs to the art of weight-guessing.
The Sophomore Carnival, first cog
in the Convalescent Home Drive
week, will take its theme from the
Gayway this year, with every type
of entertainment feature promised,
from goldfish swallowing to taxi
dancing.
According to the chairman, Pete
Kingsbury, a secret event has been
planned which will add to the hi
larity of the events on Friday. Pie
throwing, egg - throwing, and the
"flivver raffle" will all contribute
toward the goal of $900.
The carnival will be held in the
Pavilion with every living group
sponsoring a booth. Each living
group booth chairman should con
tact Jack Ditz to make final ar
rangements for the concessions.
There will be no fee for general
admission to the Pavilion, stated
Jack Burns, president of the sopho
more class. Houses have started
planning their booths for the eve
ning, which range from selling hot
dogs to the art of weight-guessing.
The Sophomore Carnival, first cog
in the Convalescent Home Drive
week, will take its theme from the
Gayway this year, with every type
of entertainment feature promised,
from goldfish swallowing to taxi
dancing.
According to the chairman, Pete
Kingsbury, a secret event has been
planned which will add to the hi
larity of the events on Friday. Pie
throwing, egg - throwing, and the
"flivver raffle" will all contribute
toward the goal of $900.
The carnival will be held in the
Pavilion with every living group
sponsoring a booth. Each living
group booth chairman should con
tact Jack Ditz to make final ar
rangements for the concessions.
There will be no fee for general
admission to the Pavilion, stated
Jack Burns, president of the sopho
more class. Houses have started
planning their booths for the eve
ning, which range from selling hot
dogs to the art of weight-guessing.
The Sophomore Carnival, first cog
in the Convalescent Home Drive
week, will take its theme from the
Gayway this year, with every type
of entertainment feature promised,
from goldfish swallowing to taxi
dancing.
According to the chairman, Pete
Kingsbury, a secret event has been
planned which will add to the hi
larity of the events on Friday. Pie
throwing, egg - throwing, and the
"flivver raffle" will all contribute
toward the goal of $900.
The carnival will be held in the
Pavilion with every living group
sponsoring a booth. Each living
group booth chairman should con
tact Jack Ditz to make final ar
rangements for the concessions.
There will be no fee for general
admission to the Pavilion, stated
Jack Burns, president of the sopho
more class. Houses have started
planning their booths for the eve
ning, which range from selling hot
dogs to the art of weight-guessing.
The Sophomore Carnival, first cog
in the Convalescent Home Drive
week, will take its theme from the
Gayway this year, with every type
of entertainment feature promised,
from goldfish swallowing to taxi
dancing.
According to the chairman, Pete
Kingsbury, a secret event has been
planned which will add to the hi
larity of the events on Friday. Pie
throwing, egg - throwing, and the
"flivver raffle" will all contribute
toward the goal of $900.
The carnival will be held in the
Pavilion with every living group
sponsoring a booth. Each living
group booth chairman should con
tact Jack Ditz to make final ar
rangements for the concessions.
There will be no fee for general
admission to the Pavilion, stated
Jack Burns, president of the sopho
more class. Houses have started
planning their booths for the eve
ning, which range from selling hot
dogs to the art of weight-guessing.
The Sophomore Carnival, first cog
in the Convalescent Home Drive
week, will take its theme from the
Gayway this year, with every type
of entertainment feature promised,
from goldfish swallowing to taxi
dancing.
According to the chairman, Pete
Kingsbury, a secret event has been
planned which will add to the hi
larity of the events on Friday. Pie
throwing, egg - throwing, and the
"flivver raffle" will all contribute
toward the goal of $900.
The carnival will be held in the
Pavilion with every living group
sponsoring a booth. Each living
group booth chairman should con
tact Jack Ditz to make final ar
rangements for the concessions.
There will be no fee for general
admission to the Pavilion, stated
Jack Burns, president of the sopho
more class. Houses have started
planning their booths for the eve
ning, which range from selling hot
dogs to the art of weight-guessing.
The Sophomore Carnival, first cog
in the Convalescent Home Drive
week, will take its theme from the
Gayway this year, with every type
of entertainment feature promised,
from goldfish swallowing to taxi
dancing.
According to the chairman, Pete
Kingsbury, a secret event has been
planned which will add to the hi
larity of the events on Friday. Pie
throwing, egg - throwing, and the
"flivver raffle" will all contribute
toward the goal of $900.
The carnival will be held in the
Pavilion with every living group
sponsoring a booth. Each living
group booth chairman should con
tact Jack Ditz to make final ar
rangements for the concessions.
There will be no fee for general
admission to the Pavilion, stated
Jack Burns, president of the sopho
more class. Houses have started
planning their booths for the eve
ning, which range from selling hot
dogs to the art of weight-guessing.
The Sophomore Carnival, first cog
in the Convalescent Home Drive
week, will take its theme from the
Gayway this year, with every type
of entertainment feature promised,
from goldfish swallowing to taxi
dancing.
According to the chairman, Pete
Kingsbury, a secret event has been
planned which will add to the hi
larity of the events on Friday. Pie
throwing, egg - throwing, and the
"flivver raffle" will all contribute
toward the goal of $900.
The carnival will be held in the
Pavilion with every living group
sponsoring a booth. Each living
group booth chairman should con
tact Jack Ditz to make final ar
rangements for the concessions.
There will be no fee for general
admission to the Pavilion, stated
Jack Burns, president of the sopho
more class. Houses have started
planning their booths for the eve
ning, which range from selling hot
dogs to the art of weight-guessing.
The Sophomore Carnival, first cog
in the Convalescent Home Drive
week, will take its theme from the
Gayway this year, with every type
of entertainment feature promised,
from goldfish swallowing to taxi
dancing.
According to the chairman, Pete
Kingsbury, a secret event has been
planned which will add to the hi
larity of the events on Friday. Pie
throwing, egg - throwing, and the
"flivver raffle" will all contribute
toward the goal of $900.
The carnival will be held in the
Pavilion with every living group
sponsoring a booth. Each living
group booth chairman should con
tact Jack Ditz to make final ar
rangements for the concessions.
There will be no fee for general
admission to the Pavilion, stated
Jack Burns, president of the sopho
more class. Houses have started
planning their booths for the eve
ning, which range from selling hot
dogs to the art of weight-guessing.
The Sophomore Carnival, first cog
in the Convalescent Home Drive
week, will take its theme from the
Gayway this year, with every type
of entertainment feature promised,
from goldfish swallowing to taxi
dancing.
According to the chairman, Pete
Kingsbury, a secret event has been
planned which will add to the hi
larity of the events on Friday. Pie
throwing, egg - throwing, and the
"flivver raffle" will all contribute
toward the goal of $900.
The carnival will be held in the
Pavilion with every living group
sponsoring a booth. Each living
group booth chairman should con
tact Jack Ditz to make final ar
rangements for the concessions.
There will be no fee for general
admission to the Pavilion, stated
Jack Burns, president of the sopho
more class. Houses have started
planning their booths for the eve
ning, which range from selling hot
dogs to the art of weight-guessing.
The Sophomore Carnival, first cog
in the Convalescent Home Drive
week, will take its theme from the
Gayway this year, with every type
of entertainment feature promised,
from goldfish swallowing to taxi
dancing.
According to the chairman, Pete
Kingsbury, a secret event has been
planned which will add to the hi
larity of the events on Friday. Pie
throwing, egg - throwing, and the
"flivver raffle" will all contribute
toward the goal of $900.
The carnival will be held in the
Pavilion with every living group
sponsoring a booth. Each living
group booth chairman should con
tact Jack Ditz to make final ar
rangements for the concessions.
There will be no fee for general
admission to the Pavilion, stated
Jack Burns, president of the sopho
more class. Houses have started
planning their booths for the eve
ning, which range from selling hot
dogs to the art of weight-guessing.
The Sophomore Carnival, first cog
in the Convalescent Home Drive
week, will take its theme from the
Gayway this year, with every type
of entertainment feature promised,
from goldfish swallowing to taxi
dancing.
According to the chairman, Pete
Kingsbury, a secret event has been
planned which will add to the hi
larity of the events on Friday. Pie
throwing, egg - throwing, and the
"flivver raffle" will all contribute
toward the goal of $900.
The carnival will be held in the
Pavilion with every living group
sponsoring a booth. Each living
group booth chairman should con
tact Jack Ditz to make final ar
rangements for the concessions.
There will be no fee for general
admission to the Pavilion, stated
Jack Burns, president of the sopho
more class. Houses have started
planning their booths for the eve
ning, which range from selling hot
dogs to the art of weight-guessing.
The Sophomore Carnival, first cog
in the Convalescent Home Drive
week, will take its theme from the
Gayway this year, with every type
of entertainment feature promised,
from goldfish swallowing to taxi
dancing.
According to the chairman, Pete
Kingsbury, a secret event has been
planned which will add to the hi
larity of the events on Friday. Pie
throwing, egg - throwing, and the
"flivver raffle" will all contribute
toward the goal of $900.
The carnival will be held in the
Pavilion with every living group
sponsoring a booth. Each living
group booth chairman should con
tact Jack Ditz to make final ar
rangements for the concessions.
There will be no fee for general
admission to the Pavilion, stated
Jack Burns, president of the sopho
more class. Houses have started
planning their booths for the eve
ning, which range from selling hot
dogs to the art of weight-guessing.
The Sophomore Carnival, first cog
in the Convalescent Home Drive
week, will take its theme from the
Gayway this year, with every type
of entertainment feature promised,
from goldfish swallowing to taxi
dancing.
According to the chairman, Pete
Kingsbury, a secret event has been
planned which will add to the hi
larity of the events on Friday. Pie
throwing, egg - throwing, and the
"flivver raffle" will all contribute
toward the goal of $900.
The carnival will be held in the
Pavilion with every living group
sponsoring a booth. Each living
group booth chairman should con
tact Jack Ditz to make final ar
rangements for the concessions.
There will be no fee for general
admission to the Pavilion, stated
Jack Burns, president of the sopho
more class. Houses have started
planning their booths for the eve
ning, which range from selling hot
dogs to the art of weight-guessing.
The Sophomore Carnival, first cog
in the Convalescent Home Drive
week, will take its theme from the
Gayway this year, with every type
of entertainment feature promised,
from goldfish swallowing to taxi
dancing.
According to the chairman, Pete
Kingsbury, a secret event has been
planned which will add to the hi
larity of the events on Friday. Pie
throwing, egg - throwing, and the
"flivver raffle" will all contribute
toward the goal of $900.
The carnival will be held in the
Pavilion with every living group
sponsoring a booth. Each living
group booth chairman should con
tact Jack Ditz to make final ar
rangements for the concessions.
There will be no fee for general
admission to the Pavilion, stated
Jack Burns, president of the sopho
more class. Houses have started
planning their booths for the eve
ning, which range from selling hot
dogs to the art of weight-guessing.
