# Wilbur Announces Farm Donations
## 
### 
Among gifts to Stanford announced
last week by President Ray Lyman
Wilbur and accepted by the Board
of Trustees are two grants by the
National Research Council for aero
nautics research.
Five hundred dollars of it will be
used by Dr. E. K. Strong, Jr., for
research on development of interest,
inventory scales for aviators; and
$125 will be used by Dr. Eric Liljen
crantz of the medical school for re
search in cardiovascular responses
of student flyers.
Other gifts include a collection of
issues of the San Francisco Real Es
tate Circular given by William A.
Magee to the Graduate School of
Business; and a collection of Indian
handicrafts presented to the Stan
ford Museum by Mrs. Fin ley W.
Johnson, San Francisco.
Among gifts to Stanford announced
last week by President Ray Lyman
Wilbur and accepted by the Board
of Trustees are two grants by the
National Research Council for aero
nautics research.
Five hundred dollars of it will be
used by Dr. E. K. Strong, Jr., for
research on development of interest,
inventory scales for aviators; and
$125 will be used by Dr. Eric Liljen
crantz of the medical school for re
search in cardiovascular responses
of student flyers.
Other gifts include a collection of
issues of the San Francisco Real Es
tate Circular given by William A.
Magee to the Graduate School of
Business; and a collection of Indian
handicrafts presented to the Stan
ford Museum by Mrs. Fin ley W.
Johnson, San Francisco.
Among gifts to Stanford announced
last week by President Ray Lyman
Wilbur and accepted by the Board
of Trustees are two grants by the
National Research Council for aero
nautics research.
Five hundred dollars of it will be
used by Dr. E. K. Strong, Jr., for
research on development of interest,
inventory scales for aviators; and
$125 will be used by Dr. Eric Liljen
crantz of the medical school for re
search in cardiovascular responses
of student flyers.
Other gifts include a collection of
issues of the San Francisco Real Es
tate Circular given by William A.
Magee to the Graduate School of
Business; and a collection of Indian
handicrafts presented to the Stan
ford Museum by Mrs. Fin ley W.
Johnson, San Francisco.
Among gifts to Stanford announced
last week by President Ray Lyman
Wilbur and accepted by the Board
of Trustees are two grants by the
National Research Council for aero
nautics research.
Five hundred dollars of it will be
used by Dr. E. K. Strong, Jr., for
research on development of interest,
inventory scales for aviators; and
$125 will be used by Dr. Eric Liljen
crantz of the medical school for re
search in cardiovascular responses
of student flyers.
Other gifts include a collection of
issues of the San Francisco Real Es
tate Circular given by William A.
Magee to the Graduate School of
Business; and a collection of Indian
handicrafts presented to the Stan
ford Museum by Mrs. Fin ley W.
Johnson, San Francisco.
Among gifts to Stanford announced
last week by President Ray Lyman
Wilbur and accepted by the Board
of Trustees are two grants by the
National Research Council for aero
nautics research.
Five hundred dollars of it will be
used by Dr. E. K. Strong, Jr., for
research on development of interest,
inventory scales for aviators; and
$125 will be used by Dr. Eric Liljen
crantz of the medical school for re
search in cardiovascular responses
of student flyers.
Other gifts include a collection of
issues of the San Francisco Real Es
tate Circular given by William A.
Magee to the Graduate School of
Business; and a collection of Indian
handicrafts presented to the Stan
ford Museum by Mrs. Fin ley W.
Johnson, San Francisco.
Among gifts to Stanford announced
last week by President Ray Lyman
Wilbur and accepted by the Board
of Trustees are two grants by the
National Research Council for aero
nautics research.
Five hundred dollars of it will be
used by Dr. E. K. Strong, Jr., for
research on development of interest,
inventory scales for aviators; and
$125 will be used by Dr. Eric Liljen
crantz of the medical school for re
search in cardiovascular responses
of student flyers.
Other gifts include a collection of
issues of the San Francisco Real Es
tate Circular given by William A.
Magee to the Graduate School of
Business; and a collection of Indian
handicrafts presented to the Stan
ford Museum by Mrs. Fin ley W.
Johnson, San Francisco.
Among gifts to Stanford announced
last week by President Ray Lyman
Wilbur and accepted by the Board
of Trustees are two grants by the
National Research Council for aero
nautics research.
Five hundred dollars of it will be
used by Dr. E. K. Strong, Jr., for
research on development of interest,
inventory scales for aviators; and
$125 will be used by Dr. Eric Liljen
crantz of the medical school for re
search in cardiovascular responses
of student flyers.
Other gifts include a collection of
issues of the San Francisco Real Es
tate Circular given by William A.
Magee to the Graduate School of
Business; and a collection of Indian
handicrafts presented to the Stan
ford Museum by Mrs. Fin ley W.
Johnson, San Francisco.
Among gifts to Stanford announced
last week by President Ray Lyman
Wilbur and accepted by the Board
of Trustees are two grants by the
National Research Council for aero
nautics research.
Five hundred dollars of it will be
used by Dr. E. K. Strong, Jr., for
research on development of interest,
inventory scales for aviators; and
$125 will be used by Dr. Eric Liljen
crantz of the medical school for re
search in cardiovascular responses
of student flyers.
Other gifts include a collection of
issues of the San Francisco Real Es
tate Circular given by William A.
Magee to the Graduate School of
Business; and a collection of Indian
handicrafts presented to the Stan
ford Museum by Mrs. Fin ley W.
Johnson, San Francisco.
Among gifts to Stanford announced
last week by President Ray Lyman
Wilbur and accepted by the Board
of Trustees are two grants by the
National Research Council for aero
nautics research.
Five hundred dollars of it will be
used by Dr. E. K. Strong, Jr., for
research on development of interest,
inventory scales for aviators; and
$125 will be used by Dr. Eric Liljen
crantz of the medical school for re
search in cardiovascular responses
of student flyers.
Other gifts include a collection of
issues of the San Francisco Real Es
tate Circular given by William A.
Magee to the Graduate School of
Business; and a collection of Indian
handicrafts presented to the Stan
ford Museum by Mrs. Fin ley W.
Johnson, San Francisco.
Among gifts to Stanford announced
last week by President Ray Lyman
Wilbur and accepted by the Board
of Trustees are two grants by the
National Research Council for aero
nautics research.
Five hundred dollars of it will be
used by Dr. E. K. Strong, Jr., for
research on development of interest,
inventory scales for aviators; and
$125 will be used by Dr. Eric Liljen
crantz of the medical school for re
search in cardiovascular responses
of student flyers.
Other gifts include a collection of
issues of the San Francisco Real Es
tate Circular given by William A.
Magee to the Graduate School of
Business; and a collection of Indian
handicrafts presented to the Stan
ford Museum by Mrs. Fin ley W.
Johnson, San Francisco.
Among gifts to Stanford announced
last week by President Ray Lyman
Wilbur and accepted by the Board
of Trustees are two grants by the
National Research Council for aero
nautics research.
Five hundred dollars of it will be
used by Dr. E. K. Strong, Jr., for
research on development of interest,
inventory scales for aviators; and
$125 will be used by Dr. Eric Liljen
crantz of the medical school for re
search in cardiovascular responses
of student flyers.
Other gifts include a collection of
issues of the San Francisco Real Es
tate Circular given by William A.
Magee to the Graduate School of
Business; and a collection of Indian
handicrafts presented to the Stan
ford Museum by Mrs. Fin ley W.
Johnson, San Francisco.
Among gifts to Stanford announced
last week by President Ray Lyman
Wilbur and accepted by the Board
of Trustees are two grants by the
National Research Council for aero
nautics research.
Five hundred dollars of it will be
used by Dr. E. K. Strong, Jr., for
research on development of interest,
inventory scales for aviators; and
$125 will be used by Dr. Eric Liljen
crantz of the medical school for re
search in cardiovascular responses
of student flyers.
Other gifts include a collection of
issues of the San Francisco Real Es
tate Circular given by William A.
Magee to the Graduate School of
Business; and a collection of Indian
handicrafts presented to the Stan
ford Museum by Mrs. Fin ley W.
Johnson, San Francisco.
Among gifts to Stanford announced
last week by President Ray Lyman
Wilbur and accepted by the Board
of Trustees are two grants by the
National Research Council for aero
nautics research.
Five hundred dollars of it will be
used by Dr. E. K. Strong, Jr., for
research on development of interest,
inventory scales for aviators; and
$125 will be used by Dr. Eric Liljen
crantz of the medical school for re
search in cardiovascular responses
of student flyers.
Other gifts include a collection of
issues of the San Francisco Real Es
tate Circular given by William A.
Magee to the Graduate School of
Business; and a collection of Indian
handicrafts presented to the Stan
ford Museum by Mrs. Fin ley W.
Johnson, San Francisco.
Among gifts to Stanford announced
last week by President Ray Lyman
Wilbur and accepted by the Board
of Trustees are two grants by the
National Research Council for aero
nautics research.
Five hundred dollars of it will be
used by Dr. E. K. Strong, Jr., for
research on development of interest,
inventory scales for aviators; and
$125 will be used by Dr. Eric Liljen
crantz of the medical school for re
search in cardiovascular responses
of student flyers.
Other gifts include a collection of
issues of the San Francisco Real Es
tate Circular given by William A.
Magee to the Graduate School of
Business; and a collection of Indian
handicrafts presented to the Stan
ford Museum by Mrs. Fin ley W.
Johnson, San Francisco.
Among gifts to Stanford announced
last week by President Ray Lyman
Wilbur and accepted by the Board
of Trustees are two grants by the
National Research Council for aero
nautics research.
Five hundred dollars of it will be
used by Dr. E. K. Strong, Jr., for
research on development of interest,
inventory scales for aviators; and
$125 will be used by Dr. Eric Liljen
crantz of the medical school for re
search in cardiovascular responses
of student flyers.
Other gifts include a collection of
issues of the San Francisco Real Es
tate Circular given by William A.
Magee to the Graduate School of
Business; and a collection of Indian
handicrafts presented to the Stan
ford Museum by Mrs. Fin ley W.
Johnson, San Francisco.
Among gifts to Stanford announced
last week by President Ray Lyman
Wilbur and accepted by the Board
of Trustees are two grants by the
National Research Council for aero
nautics research.
Five hundred dollars of it will be
used by Dr. E. K. Strong, Jr., for
research on development of interest,
inventory scales for aviators; and
$125 will be used by Dr. Eric Liljen
crantz of the medical school for re
search in cardiovascular responses
of student flyers.
Other gifts include a collection of
issues of the San Francisco Real Es
tate Circular given by William A.
Magee to the Graduate School of
Business; and a collection of Indian
handicrafts presented to the Stan
ford Museum by Mrs. Fin ley W.
Johnson, San Francisco.
Among gifts to Stanford announced
last week by President Ray Lyman
Wilbur and accepted by the Board
of Trustees are two grants by the
National Research Council for aero
nautics research.
Five hundred dollars of it will be
used by Dr. E. K. Strong, Jr., for
research on development of interest,
inventory scales for aviators; and
$125 will be used by Dr. Eric Liljen
crantz of the medical school for re
search in cardiovascular responses
of student flyers.
Other gifts include a collection of
issues of the San Francisco Real Es
tate Circular given by William A.
Magee to the Graduate School of
Business; and a collection of Indian
handicrafts presented to the Stan
ford Museum by Mrs. Fin ley W.
Johnson, San Francisco.
