# ENGLISH PHILOSOPHER WILL OFFER COURSES DURING NEXT QUARTER
## 
### 
Dr. Louis Arnaud Reid of the Uni
versity of Liverpool is to join the
Stanford summer quarter faculty, of
fering two courses in the Philosophy
Department: "Introduction to Philos
ophy" and"Truth and Its Place in
Reality."
Dr. Reid is well known for his con
tributions to Mind, the best known
English philosophical journal, and to
the Philosophical Review, the leading
publication of its kind in America.
His principal field of work thus far
lias been the theory of knowledge, and
he lias published a volume entitled
"Knowledge and Truth," as well as
several articles in the field of aes
thetic theory. He is regarded as one
of the most promising of the younger
British philosophers of today, combin
ing an unusual critical ability with
constructive interest and power.
