# ZOOLOGY CLUB ELECTS NEXT YEAR'S OFFICERS
## 
### 
Officers of the Zoology Club for the
coming year were elected at the last i
meeting. Richard Croker was made j
president, Archie Wood vice-president,
and Doris Kildale secretary-treasurer.
Following the election, Professor
Ernest Gale Martin discussed insulin
and its recent discovery at the Uni
versity of Toronto.
Officers of the Zoology Club for the
coming year were elected at the last i
meeting. Richard Croker was made j
president, Archie Wood vice-president,
and Doris Kildale secretary-treasurer.
Following the election, Professor
Ernest Gale Martin discussed insulin
and its recent discovery at the Uni
versity of Toronto.
Officers of the Zoology Club for the
coming year were elected at the last i
meeting. Richard Croker was made j
president, Archie Wood vice-president,
and Doris Kildale secretary-treasurer.
Following the election, Professor
Ernest Gale Martin discussed insulin
and its recent discovery at the Uni
versity of Toronto.
Officers of the Zoology Club for the
coming year were elected at the last i
meeting. Richard Croker was made j
president, Archie Wood vice-president,
and Doris Kildale secretary-treasurer.
Following the election, Professor
Ernest Gale Martin discussed insulin
and its recent discovery at the Uni
versity of Toronto.
Officers of the Zoology Club for the
coming year were elected at the last i
meeting. Richard Croker was made j
president, Archie Wood vice-president,
and Doris Kildale secretary-treasurer.
Following the election, Professor
Ernest Gale Martin discussed insulin
and its recent discovery at the Uni
versity of Toronto.
Officers of the Zoology Club for the
coming year were elected at the last i
meeting. Richard Croker was made j
president, Archie Wood vice-president,
and Doris Kildale secretary-treasurer.
Following the election, Professor
Ernest Gale Martin discussed insulin
and its recent discovery at the Uni
versity of Toronto.
Officers of the Zoology Club for the
coming year were elected at the last i
meeting. Richard Croker was made j
president, Archie Wood vice-president,
and Doris Kildale secretary-treasurer.
Following the election, Professor
Ernest Gale Martin discussed insulin
and its recent discovery at the Uni
versity of Toronto.
Officers of the Zoology Club for the
coming year were elected at the last i
meeting. Richard Croker was made j
president, Archie Wood vice-president,
and Doris Kildale secretary-treasurer.
Following the election, Professor
Ernest Gale Martin discussed insulin
and its recent discovery at the Uni
versity of Toronto.
Officers of the Zoology Club for the
coming year were elected at the last i
meeting. Richard Croker was made j
president, Archie Wood vice-president,
and Doris Kildale secretary-treasurer.
Following the election, Professor
Ernest Gale Martin discussed insulin
and its recent discovery at the Uni
versity of Toronto.
Officers of the Zoology Club for the
coming year were elected at the last i
meeting. Richard Croker was made j
president, Archie Wood vice-president,
and Doris Kildale secretary-treasurer.
Following the election, Professor
Ernest Gale Martin discussed insulin
and its recent discovery at the Uni
versity of Toronto.
Officers of the Zoology Club for the
coming year were elected at the last i
meeting. Richard Croker was made j
president, Archie Wood vice-president,
and Doris Kildale secretary-treasurer.
Following the election, Professor
Ernest Gale Martin discussed insulin
and its recent discovery at the Uni
versity of Toronto.
Officers of the Zoology Club for the
coming year were elected at the last i
meeting. Richard Croker was made j
president, Archie Wood vice-president,
and Doris Kildale secretary-treasurer.
Following the election, Professor
Ernest Gale Martin discussed insulin
and its recent discovery at the Uni
versity of Toronto.
Officers of the Zoology Club for the
coming year were elected at the last i
meeting. Richard Croker was made j
president, Archie Wood vice-president,
and Doris Kildale secretary-treasurer.
Following the election, Professor
Ernest Gale Martin discussed insulin
and its recent discovery at the Uni
versity of Toronto.
Officers of the Zoology Club for the
coming year were elected at the last i
meeting. Richard Croker was made j
president, Archie Wood vice-president,
and Doris Kildale secretary-treasurer.
Following the election, Professor
Ernest Gale Martin discussed insulin
and its recent discovery at the Uni
versity of Toronto.
Officers of the Zoology Club for the
coming year were elected at the last i
meeting. Richard Croker was made j
president, Archie Wood vice-president,
and Doris Kildale secretary-treasurer.
Following the election, Professor
Ernest Gale Martin discussed insulin
and its recent discovery at the Uni
versity of Toronto.
