# FRESHMEN WILL NOT PLAY.
## Game Scheduled with Oakland High School for To-morrow Called Off. 
### 
Manager Barrett received a mes
sage from the manager of the Oak
land High School football team,
cancelling the game with the Fresh
men for to-morrow afternoon. The
telegram simply stated that the
team would not be able to make the
trip.
Manager Barrett will attempt to
schedule a game for the Freshmen
with Hoitt's School for Wednesday
or Thursday afternoon.
Manager Barrett received a mes
sage from the manager of the Oak
land High School football team,
cancelling the game with the Fresh
men for to-morrow afternoon. The
telegram simply stated that the
team would not be able to make the
trip.
Manager Barrett will attempt to
schedule a game for the Freshmen
with Hoitt's School for Wednesday
or Thursday afternoon.
Manager Barrett received a mes
sage from the manager of the Oak
land High School football team,
cancelling the game with the Fresh
men for to-morrow afternoon. The
telegram simply stated that the
team would not be able to make the
trip.
Manager Barrett will attempt to
schedule a game for the Freshmen
with Hoitt's School for Wednesday
or Thursday afternoon.
Manager Barrett received a mes
sage from the manager of the Oak
land High School football team,
cancelling the game with the Fresh
men for to-morrow afternoon. The
telegram simply stated that the
team would not be able to make the
trip.
Manager Barrett will attempt to
schedule a game for the Freshmen
with Hoitt's School for Wednesday
or Thursday afternoon.
Manager Barrett received a mes
sage from the manager of the Oak
land High School football team,
cancelling the game with the Fresh
men for to-morrow afternoon. The
telegram simply stated that the
team would not be able to make the
trip.
Manager Barrett will attempt to
schedule a game for the Freshmen
with Hoitt's School for Wednesday
or Thursday afternoon.
Manager Barrett received a mes
sage from the manager of the Oak
land High School football team,
cancelling the game with the Fresh
men for to-morrow afternoon. The
telegram simply stated that the
team would not be able to make the
trip.
Manager Barrett will attempt to
schedule a game for the Freshmen
with Hoitt's School for Wednesday
or Thursday afternoon.
Manager Barrett received a mes
sage from the manager of the Oak
land High School football team,
cancelling the game with the Fresh
men for to-morrow afternoon. The
telegram simply stated that the
team would not be able to make the
trip.
Manager Barrett will attempt to
schedule a game for the Freshmen
with Hoitt's School for Wednesday
or Thursday afternoon.
Manager Barrett received a mes
sage from the manager of the Oak
land High School football team,
cancelling the game with the Fresh
men for to-morrow afternoon. The
telegram simply stated that the
team would not be able to make the
trip.
Manager Barrett will attempt to
schedule a game for the Freshmen
with Hoitt's School for Wednesday
or Thursday afternoon.
