# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—A party of Clnb Tertulia mem
bers is planning to attend the
comedy ''Zarngueta," to he pre
sented at Berkeley Tuesday eve
ning, April 28th. Prof, and Mrs.
A. A. Browne will accompany the
party.
—A party of Clnb Tertulia mem
bers is planning to attend the
comedy ''Zarngueta," to he pre
sented at Berkeley Tuesday eve
ning, April 28th. Prof, and Mrs.
A. A. Browne will accompany the
party.
—A party of Clnb Tertulia mem
bers is planning to attend the
comedy ''Zarngueta," to he pre
sented at Berkeley Tuesday eve
ning, April 28th. Prof, and Mrs.
A. A. Browne will accompany the
party.
—A party of Clnb Tertulia mem
bers is planning to attend the
comedy ''Zarngueta," to he pre
sented at Berkeley Tuesday eve
ning, April 28th. Prof, and Mrs.
A. A. Browne will accompany the
party.
—A party of Clnb Tertulia mem
bers is planning to attend the
comedy ''Zarngueta," to he pre
sented at Berkeley Tuesday eve
ning, April 28th. Prof, and Mrs.
A. A. Browne will accompany the
party.
—A party of Clnb Tertulia mem
bers is planning to attend the
comedy ''Zarngueta," to he pre
sented at Berkeley Tuesday eve
ning, April 28th. Prof, and Mrs.
A. A. Browne will accompany the
party.
—A party of Clnb Tertulia mem
bers is planning to attend the
comedy ''Zarngueta," to he pre
sented at Berkeley Tuesday eve
ning, April 28th. Prof, and Mrs.
A. A. Browne will accompany the
party.
