# Directions.
## 
### 
To get to the California courts
for the tennis meet take the Cali
fornia street car.
Take a boat at the ferry for Ber
keley not later than 1 o'clock.
To get to the California courts
for the tennis meet take the Cali
fornia street car.
Take a boat at the ferry for Ber
keley not later than 1 o'clock.
To get to the California courts
for the tennis meet take the Cali
fornia street car.
Take a boat at the ferry for Ber
keley not later than 1 o'clock.
To get to the California courts
for the tennis meet take the Cali
fornia street car.
Take a boat at the ferry for Ber
keley not later than 1 o'clock.
To get to the California courts
for the tennis meet take the Cali
fornia street car.
Take a boat at the ferry for Ber
keley not later than 1 o'clock.
To get to the California courts
for the tennis meet take the Cali
fornia street car.
Take a boat at the ferry for Ber
keley not later than 1 o'clock.
To get to the California courts
for the tennis meet take the Cali
fornia street car.
Take a boat at the ferry for Ber
keley not later than 1 o'clock.
