# KZSU 90.1
## 
### 
|6:45 p.m. The first of two
programs on low and
moderate income housing in
Palo Alto. This program is
part of the Perspective series
presented at 6:45 every
weekday by KZSU Public
Affairs.
9:15 p.m. KZSU sports will
present the final period of
Stanford Hockey today
with Mark Pelesh and Steve
Weinstein brining you the
action. The Cards will play
Belmont.
|6:45 p.m. The first of two
programs on low and
moderate income housing in
Palo Alto. This program is
part of the Perspective series
presented at 6:45 every
weekday by KZSU Public
Affairs.
9:15 p.m. KZSU sports will
present the final period of
Stanford Hockey today
with Mark Pelesh and Steve
Weinstein brining you the
action. The Cards will play
Belmont.
|6:45 p.m. The first of two
programs on low and
moderate income housing in
Palo Alto. This program is
part of the Perspective series
presented at 6:45 every
weekday by KZSU Public
Affairs.
9:15 p.m. KZSU sports will
present the final period of
Stanford Hockey today
with Mark Pelesh and Steve
Weinstein brining you the
action. The Cards will play
Belmont.
|6:45 p.m. The first of two
programs on low and
moderate income housing in
Palo Alto. This program is
part of the Perspective series
presented at 6:45 every
weekday by KZSU Public
Affairs.
9:15 p.m. KZSU sports will
present the final period of
Stanford Hockey today
with Mark Pelesh and Steve
Weinstein brining you the
action. The Cards will play
Belmont.
|6:45 p.m. The first of two
programs on low and
moderate income housing in
Palo Alto. This program is
part of the Perspective series
presented at 6:45 every
weekday by KZSU Public
Affairs.
9:15 p.m. KZSU sports will
present the final period of
Stanford Hockey today
with Mark Pelesh and Steve
Weinstein brining you the
action. The Cards will play
Belmont.
|6:45 p.m. The first of two
programs on low and
moderate income housing in
Palo Alto. This program is
part of the Perspective series
presented at 6:45 every
weekday by KZSU Public
Affairs.
9:15 p.m. KZSU sports will
present the final period of
Stanford Hockey today
with Mark Pelesh and Steve
Weinstein brining you the
action. The Cards will play
Belmont.
|6:45 p.m. The first of two
programs on low and
moderate income housing in
Palo Alto. This program is
part of the Perspective series
presented at 6:45 every
weekday by KZSU Public
Affairs.
9:15 p.m. KZSU sports will
present the final period of
Stanford Hockey today
with Mark Pelesh and Steve
Weinstein brining you the
action. The Cards will play
Belmont.
|6:45 p.m. The first of two
programs on low and
moderate income housing in
Palo Alto. This program is
part of the Perspective series
presented at 6:45 every
weekday by KZSU Public
Affairs.
9:15 p.m. KZSU sports will
present the final period of
Stanford Hockey today
with Mark Pelesh and Steve
Weinstein brining you the
action. The Cards will play
Belmont.
|6:45 p.m. The first of two
programs on low and
moderate income housing in
Palo Alto. This program is
part of the Perspective series
presented at 6:45 every
weekday by KZSU Public
Affairs.
9:15 p.m. KZSU sports will
present the final period of
Stanford Hockey today
with Mark Pelesh and Steve
Weinstein brining you the
action. The Cards will play
Belmont.
|6:45 p.m. The first of two
programs on low and
moderate income housing in
Palo Alto. This program is
part of the Perspective series
presented at 6:45 every
weekday by KZSU Public
Affairs.
9:15 p.m. KZSU sports will
present the final period of
Stanford Hockey today
with Mark Pelesh and Steve
Weinstein brining you the
action. The Cards will play
Belmont.
|6:45 p.m. The first of two
programs on low and
moderate income housing in
Palo Alto. This program is
part of the Perspective series
presented at 6:45 every
weekday by KZSU Public
Affairs.
9:15 p.m. KZSU sports will
present the final period of
Stanford Hockey today
with Mark Pelesh and Steve
Weinstein brining you the
action. The Cards will play
Belmont.
|6:45 p.m. The first of two
programs on low and
moderate income housing in
Palo Alto. This program is
part of the Perspective series
presented at 6:45 every
weekday by KZSU Public
Affairs.
9:15 p.m. KZSU sports will
present the final period of
Stanford Hockey today
with Mark Pelesh and Steve
Weinstein brining you the
action. The Cards will play
Belmont.
|6:45 p.m. The first of two
programs on low and
moderate income housing in
Palo Alto. This program is
part of the Perspective series
presented at 6:45 every
weekday by KZSU Public
Affairs.
9:15 p.m. KZSU sports will
present the final period of
Stanford Hockey today
with Mark Pelesh and Steve
Weinstein brining you the
action. The Cards will play
Belmont.
|6:45 p.m. The first of two
programs on low and
moderate income housing in
Palo Alto. This program is
part of the Perspective series
presented at 6:45 every
weekday by KZSU Public
Affairs.
9:15 p.m. KZSU sports will
present the final period of
Stanford Hockey today
with Mark Pelesh and Steve
Weinstein brining you the
action. The Cards will play
Belmont.
