# Lawyer To Talk On Law And CO
## 
### 
Mr. Francis Heisler, defense
attorney in more than 500 con
scientious objector cases in the
United States, will speak on
"The Law and Conscientious
Objection" at 4 p.m. today in
Tresidder's large lounge.
Heisler, who maintains law of
fices in Carmel. Chicago and
Washington, D. C., is considered
one of the nation's leading ex
perts on the draft law.
On the subject of Mr. Heisler's
talk, Stanford political science
lecturer Christian Bay com
mented, "I feel sure that almost
everyone in the Stanford com
munity, or at least almost every
male student, would profit from
hearing him, regardless of moral
or political beliefs."
