# CIA Wants US Students
## 
### 
WASHINGTON (AP) — Re
cruiting: The Central Intelli
gence Agency is on the lookout
for bright young college stu
dents. The aim: to give them a
promising job offer.
CIA officials acknowledged
recently that they have recruit
ing teams visiting some 100 col
lege campuses interviewing stu
dents. In high demand are grad
uate students with enough basic
scientific training to qualify for
photo interpretation work.
On-campus recruiting has been
going on for nearly 20 years,
Col. Stanley J. Grogan, assist
ant to CIA Director Adm. Wil
liam F. Raborn, said Wednes
day.
"We try to get the very top
people in academic standing,"
Grogan said.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Re
cruiting: The Central Intelli
gence Agency is on the lookout
for bright young college stu
dents. The aim: to give them a
promising job offer.
CIA officials acknowledged
recently that they have recruit
ing teams visiting some 100 col
lege campuses interviewing stu
dents. In high demand are grad
uate students with enough basic
scientific training to qualify for
photo interpretation work.
On-campus recruiting has been
going on for nearly 20 years,
Col. Stanley J. Grogan, assist
ant to CIA Director Adm. Wil
liam F. Raborn, said Wednes
day.
"We try to get the very top
people in academic standing,"
Grogan said.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Re
cruiting: The Central Intelli
gence Agency is on the lookout
for bright young college stu
dents. The aim: to give them a
promising job offer.
CIA officials acknowledged
recently that they have recruit
ing teams visiting some 100 col
lege campuses interviewing stu
dents. In high demand are grad
uate students with enough basic
scientific training to qualify for
photo interpretation work.
On-campus recruiting has been
going on for nearly 20 years,
Col. Stanley J. Grogan, assist
ant to CIA Director Adm. Wil
liam F. Raborn, said Wednes
day.
"We try to get the very top
people in academic standing,"
Grogan said.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Re
cruiting: The Central Intelli
gence Agency is on the lookout
for bright young college stu
dents. The aim: to give them a
promising job offer.
CIA officials acknowledged
recently that they have recruit
ing teams visiting some 100 col
lege campuses interviewing stu
dents. In high demand are grad
uate students with enough basic
scientific training to qualify for
photo interpretation work.
On-campus recruiting has been
going on for nearly 20 years,
Col. Stanley J. Grogan, assist
ant to CIA Director Adm. Wil
liam F. Raborn, said Wednes
day.
"We try to get the very top
people in academic standing,"
Grogan said.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Re
cruiting: The Central Intelli
gence Agency is on the lookout
for bright young college stu
dents. The aim: to give them a
promising job offer.
CIA officials acknowledged
recently that they have recruit
ing teams visiting some 100 col
lege campuses interviewing stu
dents. In high demand are grad
uate students with enough basic
scientific training to qualify for
photo interpretation work.
On-campus recruiting has been
going on for nearly 20 years,
Col. Stanley J. Grogan, assist
ant to CIA Director Adm. Wil
liam F. Raborn, said Wednes
day.
"We try to get the very top
people in academic standing,"
Grogan said.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Re
cruiting: The Central Intelli
gence Agency is on the lookout
for bright young college stu
dents. The aim: to give them a
promising job offer.
CIA officials acknowledged
recently that they have recruit
ing teams visiting some 100 col
lege campuses interviewing stu
dents. In high demand are grad
uate students with enough basic
scientific training to qualify for
photo interpretation work.
On-campus recruiting has been
going on for nearly 20 years,
Col. Stanley J. Grogan, assist
ant to CIA Director Adm. Wil
liam F. Raborn, said Wednes
day.
"We try to get the very top
people in academic standing,"
Grogan said.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Re
cruiting: The Central Intelli
gence Agency is on the lookout
for bright young college stu
dents. The aim: to give them a
promising job offer.
CIA officials acknowledged
recently that they have recruit
ing teams visiting some 100 col
lege campuses interviewing stu
dents. In high demand are grad
uate students with enough basic
scientific training to qualify for
photo interpretation work.
On-campus recruiting has been
going on for nearly 20 years,
Col. Stanley J. Grogan, assist
ant to CIA Director Adm. Wil
liam F. Raborn, said Wednes
day.
"We try to get the very top
people in academic standing,"
Grogan said.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Re
cruiting: The Central Intelli
gence Agency is on the lookout
for bright young college stu
dents. The aim: to give them a
promising job offer.
CIA officials acknowledged
recently that they have recruit
ing teams visiting some 100 col
lege campuses interviewing stu
dents. In high demand are grad
uate students with enough basic
scientific training to qualify for
photo interpretation work.
On-campus recruiting has been
going on for nearly 20 years,
Col. Stanley J. Grogan, assist
ant to CIA Director Adm. Wil
liam F. Raborn, said Wednes
day.
"We try to get the very top
people in academic standing,"
Grogan said.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Re
cruiting: The Central Intelli
gence Agency is on the lookout
for bright young college stu
dents. The aim: to give them a
promising job offer.
CIA officials acknowledged
recently that they have recruit
ing teams visiting some 100 col
lege campuses interviewing stu
dents. In high demand are grad
uate students with enough basic
scientific training to qualify for
photo interpretation work.
On-campus recruiting has been
going on for nearly 20 years,
Col. Stanley J. Grogan, assist
ant to CIA Director Adm. Wil
liam F. Raborn, said Wednes
day.
"We try to get the very top
people in academic standing,"
Grogan said.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Re
cruiting: The Central Intelli
gence Agency is on the lookout
for bright young college stu
dents. The aim: to give them a
promising job offer.
CIA officials acknowledged
recently that they have recruit
ing teams visiting some 100 col
lege campuses interviewing stu
dents. In high demand are grad
uate students with enough basic
scientific training to qualify for
photo interpretation work.
On-campus recruiting has been
going on for nearly 20 years,
Col. Stanley J. Grogan, assist
ant to CIA Director Adm. Wil
liam F. Raborn, said Wednes
day.
"We try to get the very top
people in academic standing,"
Grogan said.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Re
cruiting: The Central Intelli
gence Agency is on the lookout
for bright young college stu
dents. The aim: to give them a
promising job offer.
CIA officials acknowledged
recently that they have recruit
ing teams visiting some 100 col
lege campuses interviewing stu
dents. In high demand are grad
uate students with enough basic
scientific training to qualify for
photo interpretation work.
On-campus recruiting has been
going on for nearly 20 years,
Col. Stanley J. Grogan, assist
ant to CIA Director Adm. Wil
liam F. Raborn, said Wednes
day.
"We try to get the very top
people in academic standing,"
Grogan said.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Re
cruiting: The Central Intelli
gence Agency is on the lookout
for bright young college stu
dents. The aim: to give them a
promising job offer.
CIA officials acknowledged
recently that they have recruit
ing teams visiting some 100 col
lege campuses interviewing stu
dents. In high demand are grad
uate students with enough basic
scientific training to qualify for
photo interpretation work.
On-campus recruiting has been
going on for nearly 20 years,
Col. Stanley J. Grogan, assist
ant to CIA Director Adm. Wil
liam F. Raborn, said Wednes
day.
"We try to get the very top
people in academic standing,"
Grogan said.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Re
cruiting: The Central Intelli
gence Agency is on the lookout
for bright young college stu
dents. The aim: to give them a
promising job offer.
CIA officials acknowledged
recently that they have recruit
ing teams visiting some 100 col
lege campuses interviewing stu
dents. In high demand are grad
uate students with enough basic
scientific training to qualify for
photo interpretation work.
On-campus recruiting has been
going on for nearly 20 years,
Col. Stanley J. Grogan, assist
ant to CIA Director Adm. Wil
liam F. Raborn, said Wednes
day.
"We try to get the very top
people in academic standing,"
Grogan said.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Re
cruiting: The Central Intelli
gence Agency is on the lookout
for bright young college stu
dents. The aim: to give them a
promising job offer.
CIA officials acknowledged
recently that they have recruit
ing teams visiting some 100 col
lege campuses interviewing stu
dents. In high demand are grad
uate students with enough basic
scientific training to qualify for
photo interpretation work.
On-campus recruiting has been
going on for nearly 20 years,
Col. Stanley J. Grogan, assist
ant to CIA Director Adm. Wil
liam F. Raborn, said Wednes
day.
"We try to get the very top
people in academic standing,"
Grogan said.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Re
cruiting: The Central Intelli
gence Agency is on the lookout
for bright young college stu
dents. The aim: to give them a
promising job offer.
CIA officials acknowledged
recently that they have recruit
ing teams visiting some 100 col
lege campuses interviewing stu
dents. In high demand are grad
uate students with enough basic
scientific training to qualify for
photo interpretation work.
On-campus recruiting has been
going on for nearly 20 years,
Col. Stanley J. Grogan, assist
ant to CIA Director Adm. Wil
liam F. Raborn, said Wednes
day.
"We try to get the very top
people in academic standing,"
Grogan said.
