# Questions for the Finals.
## 
### 
The executive committee of the
Inter-Society Debating League met
this afternoon and assigned places
and sides for the finals to be held
March 7th. The first debate will
be, "Resolved, That Great Britain's
Transvaal Policy is Justifiable."
F. B. Wagner, '03, Cecil Marrack,
'01, and J. F. English, '01, will
have the affirmative side, and Miss
Anna Fraser, '01, W. A. Morris,'ol,
and Charles Quayle, '00, the nega
tive.
The second debate will be, "Re
solved, That the English Policy in
the Transvaal is Justifiable." On
the affirmative will be E. I). Holly,
'00, J. E. Springer, '00, and A. N.
Merritt, '03, and on the negative,
C. D.Scott, '02, A.J.Copp, '02, and
Frank Riddell, '00.
Two motions of importance were
passed at the meeting: First, that
the alternate shall hereafter be ex
cused from semi-finals; second,
that for the Intercollegiate debate
the judges shall be instructed to
select the intercollegiate team and
the second team; that the alternate
be chosen from the second team
not less than a week from the In
tercollegiate debate by the members
of the faculty who have coached
the team.
The executive committee of the
Inter-Society Debating League met
this afternoon and assigned places
and sides for the finals to be held
March 7th. The first debate will
be, "Resolved, That Great Britain's
Transvaal Policy is Justifiable."
F. B. Wagner, '03, Cecil Marrack,
'01, and J. F. English, '01, will
have the affirmative side, and Miss
Anna Fraser, '01, W. A. Morris,'ol,
and Charles Quayle, '00, the nega
tive.
The second debate will be, "Re
solved, That the English Policy in
the Transvaal is Justifiable." On
the affirmative will be E. I). Holly,
'00, J. E. Springer, '00, and A. N.
Merritt, '03, and on the negative,
C. D.Scott, '02, A.J.Copp, '02, and
Frank Riddell, '00.
Two motions of importance were
passed at the meeting: First, that
the alternate shall hereafter be ex
cused from semi-finals; second,
that for the Intercollegiate debate
the judges shall be instructed to
select the intercollegiate team and
the second team; that the alternate
be chosen from the second team
not less than a week from the In
tercollegiate debate by the members
of the faculty who have coached
the team.
The executive committee of the
Inter-Society Debating League met
this afternoon and assigned places
and sides for the finals to be held
March 7th. The first debate will
be, "Resolved, That Great Britain's
Transvaal Policy is Justifiable."
F. B. Wagner, '03, Cecil Marrack,
'01, and J. F. English, '01, will
have the affirmative side, and Miss
Anna Fraser, '01, W. A. Morris,'ol,
and Charles Quayle, '00, the nega
tive.
The second debate will be, "Re
solved, That the English Policy in
the Transvaal is Justifiable." On
the affirmative will be E. I). Holly,
'00, J. E. Springer, '00, and A. N.
Merritt, '03, and on the negative,
C. D.Scott, '02, A.J.Copp, '02, and
Frank Riddell, '00.
Two motions of importance were
passed at the meeting: First, that
the alternate shall hereafter be ex
cused from semi-finals; second,
that for the Intercollegiate debate
the judges shall be instructed to
select the intercollegiate team and
the second team; that the alternate
be chosen from the second team
not less than a week from the In
tercollegiate debate by the members
of the faculty who have coached
the team.
The executive committee of the
Inter-Society Debating League met
this afternoon and assigned places
and sides for the finals to be held
March 7th. The first debate will
be, "Resolved, That Great Britain's
Transvaal Policy is Justifiable."
F. B. Wagner, '03, Cecil Marrack,
'01, and J. F. English, '01, will
have the affirmative side, and Miss
Anna Fraser, '01, W. A. Morris,'ol,
and Charles Quayle, '00, the nega
tive.
The second debate will be, "Re
solved, That the English Policy in
the Transvaal is Justifiable." On
the affirmative will be E. I). Holly,
'00, J. E. Springer, '00, and A. N.
Merritt, '03, and on the negative,
C. D.Scott, '02, A.J.Copp, '02, and
Frank Riddell, '00.
Two motions of importance were
passed at the meeting: First, that
the alternate shall hereafter be ex
cused from semi-finals; second,
that for the Intercollegiate debate
the judges shall be instructed to
select the intercollegiate team and
the second team; that the alternate
be chosen from the second team
not less than a week from the In
tercollegiate debate by the members
of the faculty who have coached
the team.
The executive committee of the
Inter-Society Debating League met
this afternoon and assigned places
and sides for the finals to be held
March 7th. The first debate will
be, "Resolved, That Great Britain's
Transvaal Policy is Justifiable."
F. B. Wagner, '03, Cecil Marrack,
'01, and J. F. English, '01, will
have the affirmative side, and Miss
Anna Fraser, '01, W. A. Morris,'ol,
and Charles Quayle, '00, the nega
tive.
The second debate will be, "Re
solved, That the English Policy in
the Transvaal is Justifiable." On
the affirmative will be E. I). Holly,
'00, J. E. Springer, '00, and A. N.
Merritt, '03, and on the negative,
C. D.Scott, '02, A.J.Copp, '02, and
Frank Riddell, '00.
Two motions of importance were
passed at the meeting: First, that
the alternate shall hereafter be ex
cused from semi-finals; second,
that for the Intercollegiate debate
the judges shall be instructed to
select the intercollegiate team and
the second team; that the alternate
be chosen from the second team
not less than a week from the In
tercollegiate debate by the members
of the faculty who have coached
the team.
The executive committee of the
Inter-Society Debating League met
this afternoon and assigned places
and sides for the finals to be held
March 7th. The first debate will
be, "Resolved, That Great Britain's
Transvaal Policy is Justifiable."
F. B. Wagner, '03, Cecil Marrack,
'01, and J. F. English, '01, will
have the affirmative side, and Miss
Anna Fraser, '01, W. A. Morris,'ol,
and Charles Quayle, '00, the nega
tive.
The second debate will be, "Re
solved, That the English Policy in
the Transvaal is Justifiable." On
the affirmative will be E. I). Holly,
'00, J. E. Springer, '00, and A. N.
Merritt, '03, and on the negative,
C. D.Scott, '02, A.J.Copp, '02, and
Frank Riddell, '00.
Two motions of importance were
passed at the meeting: First, that
the alternate shall hereafter be ex
cused from semi-finals; second,
that for the Intercollegiate debate
the judges shall be instructed to
select the intercollegiate team and
the second team; that the alternate
be chosen from the second team
not less than a week from the In
tercollegiate debate by the members
of the faculty who have coached
the team.
The executive committee of the
Inter-Society Debating League met
this afternoon and assigned places
and sides for the finals to be held
March 7th. The first debate will
be, "Resolved, That Great Britain's
Transvaal Policy is Justifiable."
F. B. Wagner, '03, Cecil Marrack,
'01, and J. F. English, '01, will
have the affirmative side, and Miss
Anna Fraser, '01, W. A. Morris,'ol,
and Charles Quayle, '00, the nega
tive.
The second debate will be, "Re
solved, That the English Policy in
the Transvaal is Justifiable." On
the affirmative will be E. I). Holly,
'00, J. E. Springer, '00, and A. N.
Merritt, '03, and on the negative,
C. D.Scott, '02, A.J.Copp, '02, and
Frank Riddell, '00.
Two motions of importance were
passed at the meeting: First, that
the alternate shall hereafter be ex
cused from semi-finals; second,
that for the Intercollegiate debate
the judges shall be instructed to
select the intercollegiate team and
the second team; that the alternate
be chosen from the second team
not less than a week from the In
tercollegiate debate by the members
of the faculty who have coached
the team.
