# STANFORD ROOTERS TO DRESS IN WHITE
## 
### 
Members of the Stanford root
ing section at the U.S.C. game
are requested to wear white
shirts. Rooters' caps must be
worn by everyone taking part in
the section stunts. Caps will be
sold at the game for $1.00.
Rooters are asked to go to the
game early. To facilitate seating
arrangement the top rows of the
section will be filled first.
Members of the Stanford root
ing section at the U.S.C. game
are requested to wear white
shirts. Rooters' caps must be
worn by everyone taking part in
the section stunts. Caps will be
sold at the game for $1.00.
Rooters are asked to go to the
game early. To facilitate seating
arrangement the top rows of the
section will be filled first.
Members of the Stanford root
ing section at the U.S.C. game
are requested to wear white
shirts. Rooters' caps must be
worn by everyone taking part in
the section stunts. Caps will be
sold at the game for $1.00.
Rooters are asked to go to the
game early. To facilitate seating
arrangement the top rows of the
section will be filled first.
Members of the Stanford root
ing section at the U.S.C. game
are requested to wear white
shirts. Rooters' caps must be
worn by everyone taking part in
the section stunts. Caps will be
sold at the game for $1.00.
Rooters are asked to go to the
game early. To facilitate seating
arrangement the top rows of the
section will be filled first.
Members of the Stanford root
ing section at the U.S.C. game
are requested to wear white
shirts. Rooters' caps must be
worn by everyone taking part in
the section stunts. Caps will be
sold at the game for $1.00.
Rooters are asked to go to the
game early. To facilitate seating
arrangement the top rows of the
section will be filled first.
Members of the Stanford root
ing section at the U.S.C. game
are requested to wear white
shirts. Rooters' caps must be
worn by everyone taking part in
the section stunts. Caps will be
sold at the game for $1.00.
Rooters are asked to go to the
game early. To facilitate seating
arrangement the top rows of the
section will be filled first.
Members of the Stanford root
ing section at the U.S.C. game
are requested to wear white
shirts. Rooters' caps must be
worn by everyone taking part in
the section stunts. Caps will be
sold at the game for $1.00.
Rooters are asked to go to the
game early. To facilitate seating
arrangement the top rows of the
section will be filled first.
Members of the Stanford root
ing section at the U.S.C. game
are requested to wear white
shirts. Rooters' caps must be
worn by everyone taking part in
the section stunts. Caps will be
sold at the game for $1.00.
Rooters are asked to go to the
game early. To facilitate seating
arrangement the top rows of the
section will be filled first.
Members of the Stanford root
ing section at the U.S.C. game
are requested to wear white
shirts. Rooters' caps must be
worn by everyone taking part in
the section stunts. Caps will be
sold at the game for $1.00.
Rooters are asked to go to the
game early. To facilitate seating
arrangement the top rows of the
section will be filled first.
Members of the Stanford root
ing section at the U.S.C. game
are requested to wear white
shirts. Rooters' caps must be
worn by everyone taking part in
the section stunts. Caps will be
sold at the game for $1.00.
Rooters are asked to go to the
game early. To facilitate seating
arrangement the top rows of the
section will be filled first.
Members of the Stanford root
ing section at the U.S.C. game
are requested to wear white
shirts. Rooters' caps must be
worn by everyone taking part in
the section stunts. Caps will be
sold at the game for $1.00.
Rooters are asked to go to the
game early. To facilitate seating
arrangement the top rows of the
section will be filled first.
Members of the Stanford root
ing section at the U.S.C. game
are requested to wear white
shirts. Rooters' caps must be
worn by everyone taking part in
the section stunts. Caps will be
sold at the game for $1.00.
Rooters are asked to go to the
game early. To facilitate seating
arrangement the top rows of the
section will be filled first.
Members of the Stanford root
ing section at the U.S.C. game
are requested to wear white
shirts. Rooters' caps must be
worn by everyone taking part in
the section stunts. Caps will be
sold at the game for $1.00.
Rooters are asked to go to the
game early. To facilitate seating
arrangement the top rows of the
section will be filled first.
Members of the Stanford root
ing section at the U.S.C. game
are requested to wear white
shirts. Rooters' caps must be
worn by everyone taking part in
the section stunts. Caps will be
sold at the game for $1.00.
Rooters are asked to go to the
game early. To facilitate seating
arrangement the top rows of the
section will be filled first.
Members of the Stanford root
ing section at the U.S.C. game
are requested to wear white
shirts. Rooters' caps must be
worn by everyone taking part in
the section stunts. Caps will be
sold at the game for $1.00.
Rooters are asked to go to the
game early. To facilitate seating
arrangement the top rows of the
section will be filled first.
Members of the Stanford root
ing section at the U.S.C. game
are requested to wear white
shirts. Rooters' caps must be
worn by everyone taking part in
the section stunts. Caps will be
sold at the game for $1.00.
Rooters are asked to go to the
game early. To facilitate seating
arrangement the top rows of the
section will be filled first.
Members of the Stanford root
ing section at the U.S.C. game
are requested to wear white
shirts. Rooters' caps must be
worn by everyone taking part in
the section stunts. Caps will be
sold at the game for $1.00.
Rooters are asked to go to the
game early. To facilitate seating
arrangement the top rows of the
section will be filled first.
