# Festivities At Oakland To Feature Stanford Quartet
## 
### 
The Stanford Glee Club Quartet, com
posed of John Huncke, Del Culling,
George McKee, and Ralph Wallace, will
be featured on the program of special
entertainment which the Hotel Oakland
has planned for pleasure-seekers after
the Stanford-U.S.C. game tomorrow
night. The quartet will be accompanied
by Charles Tawney.
The "Football Jamboree," as it is to
be called, will take place in the Ivory
Court of the hotel, where Chuck Dut
ton's Ivory Court Orchestra will play.
The Stanford Glee Club Quartet, com
posed of John Huncke, Del Culling,
George McKee, and Ralph Wallace, will
be featured on the program of special
entertainment which the Hotel Oakland
has planned for pleasure-seekers after
the Stanford-U.S.C. game tomorrow
night. The quartet will be accompanied
by Charles Tawney.
The "Football Jamboree," as it is to
be called, will take place in the Ivory
Court of the hotel, where Chuck Dut
ton's Ivory Court Orchestra will play.
The Stanford Glee Club Quartet, com
posed of John Huncke, Del Culling,
George McKee, and Ralph Wallace, will
be featured on the program of special
entertainment which the Hotel Oakland
has planned for pleasure-seekers after
the Stanford-U.S.C. game tomorrow
night. The quartet will be accompanied
by Charles Tawney.
The "Football Jamboree," as it is to
be called, will take place in the Ivory
Court of the hotel, where Chuck Dut
ton's Ivory Court Orchestra will play.
The Stanford Glee Club Quartet, com
posed of John Huncke, Del Culling,
George McKee, and Ralph Wallace, will
be featured on the program of special
entertainment which the Hotel Oakland
has planned for pleasure-seekers after
the Stanford-U.S.C. game tomorrow
night. The quartet will be accompanied
by Charles Tawney.
The "Football Jamboree," as it is to
be called, will take place in the Ivory
Court of the hotel, where Chuck Dut
ton's Ivory Court Orchestra will play.
The Stanford Glee Club Quartet, com
posed of John Huncke, Del Culling,
George McKee, and Ralph Wallace, will
be featured on the program of special
entertainment which the Hotel Oakland
has planned for pleasure-seekers after
the Stanford-U.S.C. game tomorrow
night. The quartet will be accompanied
by Charles Tawney.
The "Football Jamboree," as it is to
be called, will take place in the Ivory
Court of the hotel, where Chuck Dut
ton's Ivory Court Orchestra will play.
The Stanford Glee Club Quartet, com
posed of John Huncke, Del Culling,
George McKee, and Ralph Wallace, will
be featured on the program of special
entertainment which the Hotel Oakland
has planned for pleasure-seekers after
the Stanford-U.S.C. game tomorrow
night. The quartet will be accompanied
by Charles Tawney.
The "Football Jamboree," as it is to
be called, will take place in the Ivory
Court of the hotel, where Chuck Dut
ton's Ivory Court Orchestra will play.
The Stanford Glee Club Quartet, com
posed of John Huncke, Del Culling,
George McKee, and Ralph Wallace, will
be featured on the program of special
entertainment which the Hotel Oakland
has planned for pleasure-seekers after
the Stanford-U.S.C. game tomorrow
night. The quartet will be accompanied
by Charles Tawney.
The "Football Jamboree," as it is to
be called, will take place in the Ivory
Court of the hotel, where Chuck Dut
ton's Ivory Court Orchestra will play.
The Stanford Glee Club Quartet, com
posed of John Huncke, Del Culling,
George McKee, and Ralph Wallace, will
be featured on the program of special
entertainment which the Hotel Oakland
has planned for pleasure-seekers after
the Stanford-U.S.C. game tomorrow
night. The quartet will be accompanied
by Charles Tawney.
The "Football Jamboree," as it is to
be called, will take place in the Ivory
Court of the hotel, where Chuck Dut
ton's Ivory Court Orchestra will play.
The Stanford Glee Club Quartet, com
posed of John Huncke, Del Culling,
George McKee, and Ralph Wallace, will
be featured on the program of special
entertainment which the Hotel Oakland
has planned for pleasure-seekers after
the Stanford-U.S.C. game tomorrow
night. The quartet will be accompanied
by Charles Tawney.
The "Football Jamboree," as it is to
be called, will take place in the Ivory
Court of the hotel, where Chuck Dut
ton's Ivory Court Orchestra will play.
The Stanford Glee Club Quartet, com
posed of John Huncke, Del Culling,
George McKee, and Ralph Wallace, will
be featured on the program of special
entertainment which the Hotel Oakland
has planned for pleasure-seekers after
the Stanford-U.S.C. game tomorrow
night. The quartet will be accompanied
by Charles Tawney.
The "Football Jamboree," as it is to
be called, will take place in the Ivory
Court of the hotel, where Chuck Dut
ton's Ivory Court Orchestra will play.
The Stanford Glee Club Quartet, com
posed of John Huncke, Del Culling,
George McKee, and Ralph Wallace, will
be featured on the program of special
entertainment which the Hotel Oakland
has planned for pleasure-seekers after
the Stanford-U.S.C. game tomorrow
night. The quartet will be accompanied
by Charles Tawney.
The "Football Jamboree," as it is to
be called, will take place in the Ivory
Court of the hotel, where Chuck Dut
ton's Ivory Court Orchestra will play.
The Stanford Glee Club Quartet, com
posed of John Huncke, Del Culling,
George McKee, and Ralph Wallace, will
be featured on the program of special
entertainment which the Hotel Oakland
has planned for pleasure-seekers after
the Stanford-U.S.C. game tomorrow
night. The quartet will be accompanied
by Charles Tawney.
The "Football Jamboree," as it is to
be called, will take place in the Ivory
Court of the hotel, where Chuck Dut
ton's Ivory Court Orchestra will play.
The Stanford Glee Club Quartet, com
posed of John Huncke, Del Culling,
George McKee, and Ralph Wallace, will
be featured on the program of special
entertainment which the Hotel Oakland
has planned for pleasure-seekers after
the Stanford-U.S.C. game tomorrow
night. The quartet will be accompanied
by Charles Tawney.
The "Football Jamboree," as it is to
be called, will take place in the Ivory
Court of the hotel, where Chuck Dut
ton's Ivory Court Orchestra will play.
The Stanford Glee Club Quartet, com
posed of John Huncke, Del Culling,
George McKee, and Ralph Wallace, will
be featured on the program of special
entertainment which the Hotel Oakland
has planned for pleasure-seekers after
the Stanford-U.S.C. game tomorrow
night. The quartet will be accompanied
by Charles Tawney.
The "Football Jamboree," as it is to
be called, will take place in the Ivory
Court of the hotel, where Chuck Dut
ton's Ivory Court Orchestra will play.
The Stanford Glee Club Quartet, com
posed of John Huncke, Del Culling,
George McKee, and Ralph Wallace, will
be featured on the program of special
entertainment which the Hotel Oakland
has planned for pleasure-seekers after
the Stanford-U.S.C. game tomorrow
night. The quartet will be accompanied
by Charles Tawney.
The "Football Jamboree," as it is to
be called, will take place in the Ivory
Court of the hotel, where Chuck Dut
ton's Ivory Court Orchestra will play.
The Stanford Glee Club Quartet, com
posed of John Huncke, Del Culling,
George McKee, and Ralph Wallace, will
be featured on the program of special
entertainment which the Hotel Oakland
has planned for pleasure-seekers after
the Stanford-U.S.C. game tomorrow
night. The quartet will be accompanied
by Charles Tawney.
The "Football Jamboree," as it is to
be called, will take place in the Ivory
Court of the hotel, where Chuck Dut
ton's Ivory Court Orchestra will play.
The Stanford Glee Club Quartet, com
posed of John Huncke, Del Culling,
George McKee, and Ralph Wallace, will
be featured on the program of special
entertainment which the Hotel Oakland
has planned for pleasure-seekers after
the Stanford-U.S.C. game tomorrow
night. The quartet will be accompanied
by Charles Tawney.
The "Football Jamboree," as it is to
be called, will take place in the Ivory
Court of the hotel, where Chuck Dut
ton's Ivory Court Orchestra will play.
