# GRAYS HAVE PERFECT DEFENSIVE RECORD AS SAN JOSE TILT NEARS
## 
### 
With the season half over, the Gray
football team has yet to be scored
upon. In the two games played, the
Grays have scored forty-four points,
and have given the impression of not
trying half the time. It has simply
been a question of the backs getting
the ball over, for the Gray defense
has smothered any threats of scoring
on the part of their adversaries.
The next opponents lined up for the
Grays are the San Jose State Teach
ers College eleven. While the Teach
ers have not made an impressive
showing as a scoring team, they have
managed to keep down the scores of
their opponents. Since the Grays are
fast polishing up their offense, they
should be able to score plenty of
points against the Teachers, and
should manage to hold down any seri
ous threats.
The big game of the year for the
Grays will be that with the California
Grays, which will be played here,
probably as a preliminary to the
Stanford-California freshman game.
The play of the Grays should be close
ly watched, for there are several men
on the team who are almost cinches
to go up to the varsity next year.
Wilson, Gilbert, and Baker are back
field possibilities for "promotion,"
while Grey, Doub, Miller, Colvin, and
Milligan have good chances in the
line.
With the season half over, the Gray
football team has yet to be scored
upon. In the two games played, the
Grays have scored forty-four points,
and have given the impression of not
trying half the time. It has simply
been a question of the backs getting
the ball over, for the Gray defense
has smothered any threats of scoring
on the part of their adversaries.
The next opponents lined up for the
Grays are the San Jose State Teach
ers College eleven. While the Teach
ers have not made an impressive
showing as a scoring team, they have
managed to keep down the scores of
their opponents. Since the Grays are
fast polishing up their offense, they
should be able to score plenty of
points against the Teachers, and
should manage to hold down any seri
ous threats.
The big game of the year for the
Grays will be that with the California
Grays, which will be played here,
probably as a preliminary to the
Stanford-California freshman game.
The play of the Grays should be close
ly watched, for there are several men
on the team who are almost cinches
to go up to the varsity next year.
Wilson, Gilbert, and Baker are back
field possibilities for "promotion,"
while Grey, Doub, Miller, Colvin, and
Milligan have good chances in the
line.
With the season half over, the Gray
football team has yet to be scored
upon. In the two games played, the
Grays have scored forty-four points,
and have given the impression of not
trying half the time. It has simply
been a question of the backs getting
the ball over, for the Gray defense
has smothered any threats of scoring
on the part of their adversaries.
The next opponents lined up for the
Grays are the San Jose State Teach
ers College eleven. While the Teach
ers have not made an impressive
showing as a scoring team, they have
managed to keep down the scores of
their opponents. Since the Grays are
fast polishing up their offense, they
should be able to score plenty of
points against the Teachers, and
should manage to hold down any seri
ous threats.
The big game of the year for the
Grays will be that with the California
Grays, which will be played here,
probably as a preliminary to the
Stanford-California freshman game.
The play of the Grays should be close
ly watched, for there are several men
on the team who are almost cinches
to go up to the varsity next year.
Wilson, Gilbert, and Baker are back
field possibilities for "promotion,"
while Grey, Doub, Miller, Colvin, and
Milligan have good chances in the
line.
With the season half over, the Gray
football team has yet to be scored
upon. In the two games played, the
Grays have scored forty-four points,
and have given the impression of not
trying half the time. It has simply
been a question of the backs getting
the ball over, for the Gray defense
has smothered any threats of scoring
on the part of their adversaries.
The next opponents lined up for the
Grays are the San Jose State Teach
ers College eleven. While the Teach
ers have not made an impressive
showing as a scoring team, they have
managed to keep down the scores of
their opponents. Since the Grays are
fast polishing up their offense, they
should be able to score plenty of
points against the Teachers, and
should manage to hold down any seri
ous threats.
The big game of the year for the
Grays will be that with the California
Grays, which will be played here,
probably as a preliminary to the
Stanford-California freshman game.
The play of the Grays should be close
ly watched, for there are several men
on the team who are almost cinches
to go up to the varsity next year.
Wilson, Gilbert, and Baker are back
field possibilities for "promotion,"
while Grey, Doub, Miller, Colvin, and
Milligan have good chances in the
line.
With the season half over, the Gray
football team has yet to be scored
upon. In the two games played, the
Grays have scored forty-four points,
and have given the impression of not
trying half the time. It has simply
been a question of the backs getting
the ball over, for the Gray defense
has smothered any threats of scoring
on the part of their adversaries.
The next opponents lined up for the
Grays are the San Jose State Teach
ers College eleven. While the Teach
ers have not made an impressive
showing as a scoring team, they have
managed to keep down the scores of
their opponents. Since the Grays are
fast polishing up their offense, they
should be able to score plenty of
points against the Teachers, and
should manage to hold down any seri
ous threats.
The big game of the year for the
Grays will be that with the California
Grays, which will be played here,
probably as a preliminary to the
Stanford-California freshman game.
The play of the Grays should be close
ly watched, for there are several men
on the team who are almost cinches
to go up to the varsity next year.
Wilson, Gilbert, and Baker are back
field possibilities for "promotion,"
while Grey, Doub, Miller, Colvin, and
Milligan have good chances in the
line.
With the season half over, the Gray
football team has yet to be scored
upon. In the two games played, the
Grays have scored forty-four points,
and have given the impression of not
trying half the time. It has simply
been a question of the backs getting
the ball over, for the Gray defense
has smothered any threats of scoring
on the part of their adversaries.
The next opponents lined up for the
Grays are the San Jose State Teach
ers College eleven. While the Teach
ers have not made an impressive
showing as a scoring team, they have
managed to keep down the scores of
their opponents. Since the Grays are
fast polishing up their offense, they
should be able to score plenty of
points against the Teachers, and
should manage to hold down any seri
ous threats.
The big game of the year for the
Grays will be that with the California
Grays, which will be played here,
probably as a preliminary to the
Stanford-California freshman game.
The play of the Grays should be close
ly watched, for there are several men
on the team who are almost cinches
to go up to the varsity next year.
Wilson, Gilbert, and Baker are back
field possibilities for "promotion,"
while Grey, Doub, Miller, Colvin, and
Milligan have good chances in the
line.
With the season half over, the Gray
football team has yet to be scored
upon. In the two games played, the
Grays have scored forty-four points,
and have given the impression of not
trying half the time. It has simply
been a question of the backs getting
the ball over, for the Gray defense
has smothered any threats of scoring
on the part of their adversaries.
The next opponents lined up for the
Grays are the San Jose State Teach
ers College eleven. While the Teach
ers have not made an impressive
showing as a scoring team, they have
managed to keep down the scores of
their opponents. Since the Grays are
fast polishing up their offense, they
should be able to score plenty of
points against the Teachers, and
should manage to hold down any seri
ous threats.
The big game of the year for the
Grays will be that with the California
Grays, which will be played here,
probably as a preliminary to the
Stanford-California freshman game.
The play of the Grays should be close
ly watched, for there are several men
on the team who are almost cinches
to go up to the varsity next year.
Wilson, Gilbert, and Baker are back
field possibilities for "promotion,"
while Grey, Doub, Miller, Colvin, and
Milligan have good chances in the
line.
With the season half over, the Gray
football team has yet to be scored
upon. In the two games played, the
Grays have scored forty-four points,
and have given the impression of not
trying half the time. It has simply
been a question of the backs getting
the ball over, for the Gray defense
has smothered any threats of scoring
on the part of their adversaries.
The next opponents lined up for the
Grays are the San Jose State Teach
ers College eleven. While the Teach
ers have not made an impressive
showing as a scoring team, they have
managed to keep down the scores of
their opponents. Since the Grays are
fast polishing up their offense, they
should be able to score plenty of
points against the Teachers, and
should manage to hold down any seri
ous threats.
The big game of the year for the
Grays will be that with the California
Grays, which will be played here,
probably as a preliminary to the
Stanford-California freshman game.
The play of the Grays should be close
ly watched, for there are several men
on the team who are almost cinches
to go up to the varsity next year.
Wilson, Gilbert, and Baker are back
field possibilities for "promotion,"
while Grey, Doub, Miller, Colvin, and
Milligan have good chances in the
line.
With the season half over, the Gray
football team has yet to be scored
upon. In the two games played, the
Grays have scored forty-four points,
and have given the impression of not
trying half the time. It has simply
been a question of the backs getting
the ball over, for the Gray defense
has smothered any threats of scoring
on the part of their adversaries.
The next opponents lined up for the
Grays are the San Jose State Teach
ers College eleven. While the Teach
ers have not made an impressive
showing as a scoring team, they have
managed to keep down the scores of
their opponents. Since the Grays are
fast polishing up their offense, they
should be able to score plenty of
points against the Teachers, and
should manage to hold down any seri
ous threats.
The big game of the year for the
Grays will be that with the California
Grays, which will be played here,
probably as a preliminary to the
Stanford-California freshman game.
The play of the Grays should be close
ly watched, for there are several men
on the team who are almost cinches
to go up to the varsity next year.
Wilson, Gilbert, and Baker are back
field possibilities for "promotion,"
while Grey, Doub, Miller, Colvin, and
Milligan have good chances in the
line.
With the season half over, the Gray
football team has yet to be scored
upon. In the two games played, the
Grays have scored forty-four points,
and have given the impression of not
trying half the time. It has simply
been a question of the backs getting
the ball over, for the Gray defense
has smothered any threats of scoring
on the part of their adversaries.
The next opponents lined up for the
Grays are the San Jose State Teach
ers College eleven. While the Teach
ers have not made an impressive
showing as a scoring team, they have
managed to keep down the scores of
their opponents. Since the Grays are
fast polishing up their offense, they
should be able to score plenty of
points against the Teachers, and
should manage to hold down any seri
ous threats.
The big game of the year for the
Grays will be that with the California
Grays, which will be played here,
probably as a preliminary to the
Stanford-California freshman game.
The play of the Grays should be close
ly watched, for there are several men
on the team who are almost cinches
to go up to the varsity next year.
Wilson, Gilbert, and Baker are back
field possibilities for "promotion,"
while Grey, Doub, Miller, Colvin, and
Milligan have good chances in the
line.
With the season half over, the Gray
football team has yet to be scored
upon. In the two games played, the
Grays have scored forty-four points,
and have given the impression of not
trying half the time. It has simply
been a question of the backs getting
the ball over, for the Gray defense
has smothered any threats of scoring
on the part of their adversaries.
The next opponents lined up for the
Grays are the San Jose State Teach
ers College eleven. While the Teach
ers have not made an impressive
showing as a scoring team, they have
managed to keep down the scores of
their opponents. Since the Grays are
fast polishing up their offense, they
should be able to score plenty of
points against the Teachers, and
should manage to hold down any seri
ous threats.
The big game of the year for the
Grays will be that with the California
Grays, which will be played here,
probably as a preliminary to the
Stanford-California freshman game.
The play of the Grays should be close
ly watched, for there are several men
on the team who are almost cinches
to go up to the varsity next year.
Wilson, Gilbert, and Baker are back
field possibilities for "promotion,"
while Grey, Doub, Miller, Colvin, and
Milligan have good chances in the
line.
With the season half over, the Gray
football team has yet to be scored
upon. In the two games played, the
Grays have scored forty-four points,
and have given the impression of not
trying half the time. It has simply
been a question of the backs getting
the ball over, for the Gray defense
has smothered any threats of scoring
on the part of their adversaries.
The next opponents lined up for the
Grays are the San Jose State Teach
ers College eleven. While the Teach
ers have not made an impressive
showing as a scoring team, they have
managed to keep down the scores of
their opponents. Since the Grays are
fast polishing up their offense, they
should be able to score plenty of
points against the Teachers, and
should manage to hold down any seri
ous threats.
The big game of the year for the
Grays will be that with the California
Grays, which will be played here,
probably as a preliminary to the
Stanford-California freshman game.
The play of the Grays should be close
ly watched, for there are several men
on the team who are almost cinches
to go up to the varsity next year.
Wilson, Gilbert, and Baker are back
field possibilities for "promotion,"
while Grey, Doub, Miller, Colvin, and
Milligan have good chances in the
line.
With the season half over, the Gray
football team has yet to be scored
upon. In the two games played, the
Grays have scored forty-four points,
and have given the impression of not
trying half the time. It has simply
been a question of the backs getting
the ball over, for the Gray defense
has smothered any threats of scoring
on the part of their adversaries.
The next opponents lined up for the
Grays are the San Jose State Teach
ers College eleven. While the Teach
ers have not made an impressive
showing as a scoring team, they have
managed to keep down the scores of
their opponents. Since the Grays are
fast polishing up their offense, they
should be able to score plenty of
points against the Teachers, and
should manage to hold down any seri
ous threats.
The big game of the year for the
Grays will be that with the California
Grays, which will be played here,
probably as a preliminary to the
Stanford-California freshman game.
The play of the Grays should be close
ly watched, for there are several men
on the team who are almost cinches
to go up to the varsity next year.
Wilson, Gilbert, and Baker are back
field possibilities for "promotion,"
while Grey, Doub, Miller, Colvin, and
Milligan have good chances in the
line.
With the season half over, the Gray
football team has yet to be scored
upon. In the two games played, the
Grays have scored forty-four points,
and have given the impression of not
trying half the time. It has simply
been a question of the backs getting
the ball over, for the Gray defense
has smothered any threats of scoring
on the part of their adversaries.
The next opponents lined up for the
Grays are the San Jose State Teach
ers College eleven. While the Teach
ers have not made an impressive
showing as a scoring team, they have
managed to keep down the scores of
their opponents. Since the Grays are
fast polishing up their offense, they
should be able to score plenty of
points against the Teachers, and
should manage to hold down any seri
ous threats.
The big game of the year for the
Grays will be that with the California
Grays, which will be played here,
probably as a preliminary to the
Stanford-California freshman game.
The play of the Grays should be close
ly watched, for there are several men
on the team who are almost cinches
to go up to the varsity next year.
Wilson, Gilbert, and Baker are back
field possibilities for "promotion,"
while Grey, Doub, Miller, Colvin, and
Milligan have good chances in the
line.
With the season half over, the Gray
football team has yet to be scored
upon. In the two games played, the
Grays have scored forty-four points,
and have given the impression of not
trying half the time. It has simply
been a question of the backs getting
the ball over, for the Gray defense
has smothered any threats of scoring
on the part of their adversaries.
The next opponents lined up for the
Grays are the San Jose State Teach
ers College eleven. While the Teach
ers have not made an impressive
showing as a scoring team, they have
managed to keep down the scores of
their opponents. Since the Grays are
fast polishing up their offense, they
should be able to score plenty of
points against the Teachers, and
should manage to hold down any seri
ous threats.
The big game of the year for the
Grays will be that with the California
Grays, which will be played here,
probably as a preliminary to the
Stanford-California freshman game.
The play of the Grays should be close
ly watched, for there are several men
on the team who are almost cinches
to go up to the varsity next year.
Wilson, Gilbert, and Baker are back
field possibilities for "promotion,"
while Grey, Doub, Miller, Colvin, and
Milligan have good chances in the
line.
With the season half over, the Gray
football team has yet to be scored
upon. In the two games played, the
Grays have scored forty-four points,
and have given the impression of not
trying half the time. It has simply
been a question of the backs getting
the ball over, for the Gray defense
has smothered any threats of scoring
on the part of their adversaries.
The next opponents lined up for the
Grays are the San Jose State Teach
ers College eleven. While the Teach
ers have not made an impressive
showing as a scoring team, they have
managed to keep down the scores of
their opponents. Since the Grays are
fast polishing up their offense, they
should be able to score plenty of
points against the Teachers, and
should manage to hold down any seri
ous threats.
The big game of the year for the
Grays will be that with the California
Grays, which will be played here,
probably as a preliminary to the
Stanford-California freshman game.
The play of the Grays should be close
ly watched, for there are several men
on the team who are almost cinches
to go up to the varsity next year.
Wilson, Gilbert, and Baker are back
field possibilities for "promotion,"
while Grey, Doub, Miller, Colvin, and
Milligan have good chances in the
line.
With the season half over, the Gray
football team has yet to be scored
upon. In the two games played, the
Grays have scored forty-four points,
and have given the impression of not
trying half the time. It has simply
been a question of the backs getting
the ball over, for the Gray defense
has smothered any threats of scoring
on the part of their adversaries.
The next opponents lined up for the
Grays are the San Jose State Teach
ers College eleven. While the Teach
ers have not made an impressive
showing as a scoring team, they have
managed to keep down the scores of
their opponents. Since the Grays are
fast polishing up their offense, they
should be able to score plenty of
points against the Teachers, and
should manage to hold down any seri
ous threats.
The big game of the year for the
Grays will be that with the California
Grays, which will be played here,
probably as a preliminary to the
Stanford-California freshman game.
The play of the Grays should be close
ly watched, for there are several men
on the team who are almost cinches
to go up to the varsity next year.
Wilson, Gilbert, and Baker are back
field possibilities for "promotion,"
while Grey, Doub, Miller, Colvin, and
Milligan have good chances in the
line.
