# THETA SIGMA PHI PLEDGE
## 
### 
Theta Sigma Phi, women's journal
istic fraternity, announces the pledg
ing of Beth Pinkston and Margaret
Kempenich.
Theta Sigma Phi, women's journal
istic fraternity, announces the pledg
ing of Beth Pinkston and Margaret
Kempenich.
Theta Sigma Phi, women's journal
istic fraternity, announces the pledg
ing of Beth Pinkston and Margaret
Kempenich.
Theta Sigma Phi, women's journal
istic fraternity, announces the pledg
ing of Beth Pinkston and Margaret
Kempenich.
Theta Sigma Phi, women's journal
istic fraternity, announces the pledg
ing of Beth Pinkston and Margaret
Kempenich.
Theta Sigma Phi, women's journal
istic fraternity, announces the pledg
ing of Beth Pinkston and Margaret
Kempenich.
Theta Sigma Phi, women's journal
istic fraternity, announces the pledg
ing of Beth Pinkston and Margaret
Kempenich.
Theta Sigma Phi, women's journal
istic fraternity, announces the pledg
ing of Beth Pinkston and Margaret
Kempenich.
Theta Sigma Phi, women's journal
istic fraternity, announces the pledg
ing of Beth Pinkston and Margaret
Kempenich.
Theta Sigma Phi, women's journal
istic fraternity, announces the pledg
ing of Beth Pinkston and Margaret
Kempenich.
Theta Sigma Phi, women's journal
istic fraternity, announces the pledg
ing of Beth Pinkston and Margaret
Kempenich.
Theta Sigma Phi, women's journal
istic fraternity, announces the pledg
ing of Beth Pinkston and Margaret
Kempenich.
Theta Sigma Phi, women's journal
istic fraternity, announces the pledg
ing of Beth Pinkston and Margaret
Kempenich.
Theta Sigma Phi, women's journal
istic fraternity, announces the pledg
ing of Beth Pinkston and Margaret
Kempenich.
Theta Sigma Phi, women's journal
istic fraternity, announces the pledg
ing of Beth Pinkston and Margaret
Kempenich.
Theta Sigma Phi, women's journal
istic fraternity, announces the pledg
ing of Beth Pinkston and Margaret
Kempenich.
Theta Sigma Phi, women's journal
istic fraternity, announces the pledg
ing of Beth Pinkston and Margaret
Kempenich.
