# BATTLE OF GIANTS WHEN CARDINALS MEET TROJANS
## 
### 

Disciples of the Pop Warner and Howard Jones brands of football are modestly admitting that the greatest game of the 1929 season in the West will
be played between Stanford and Southern California here tomorrow. California's claims are waived aside with somewhat of an airy gesture, but the
winner of this gridiron skirmish must beat the Golden Bear to obtain a clear title to the conference crown. (Associated Press Photo)

Disciples of the Pop Warner and Howard Jones brands of football are modestly admitting that the greatest game of the 1929 season in the West will
be played between Stanford and Southern California here tomorrow. California's claims are waived aside with somewhat of an airy gesture, but the
winner of this gridiron skirmish must beat the Golden Bear to obtain a clear title to the conference crown. (Associated Press Photo)

Disciples of the Pop Warner and Howard Jones brands of football are modestly admitting that the greatest game of the 1929 season in the West will
be played between Stanford and Southern California here tomorrow. California's claims are waived aside with somewhat of an airy gesture, but the
winner of this gridiron skirmish must beat the Golden Bear to obtain a clear title to the conference crown. (Associated Press Photo)

Disciples of the Pop Warner and Howard Jones brands of football are modestly admitting that the greatest game of the 1929 season in the West will
be played between Stanford and Southern California here tomorrow. California's claims are waived aside with somewhat of an airy gesture, but the
winner of this gridiron skirmish must beat the Golden Bear to obtain a clear title to the conference crown. (Associated Press Photo)

Disciples of the Pop Warner and Howard Jones brands of football are modestly admitting that the greatest game of the 1929 season in the West will
be played between Stanford and Southern California here tomorrow. California's claims are waived aside with somewhat of an airy gesture, but the
winner of this gridiron skirmish must beat the Golden Bear to obtain a clear title to the conference crown. (Associated Press Photo)

Disciples of the Pop Warner and Howard Jones brands of football are modestly admitting that the greatest game of the 1929 season in the West will
be played between Stanford and Southern California here tomorrow. California's claims are waived aside with somewhat of an airy gesture, but the
winner of this gridiron skirmish must beat the Golden Bear to obtain a clear title to the conference crown. (Associated Press Photo)

Disciples of the Pop Warner and Howard Jones brands of football are modestly admitting that the greatest game of the 1929 season in the West will
be played between Stanford and Southern California here tomorrow. California's claims are waived aside with somewhat of an airy gesture, but the
winner of this gridiron skirmish must beat the Golden Bear to obtain a clear title to the conference crown. (Associated Press Photo)

Disciples of the Pop Warner and Howard Jones brands of football are modestly admitting that the greatest game of the 1929 season in the West will
be played between Stanford and Southern California here tomorrow. California's claims are waived aside with somewhat of an airy gesture, but the
winner of this gridiron skirmish must beat the Golden Bear to obtain a clear title to the conference crown. (Associated Press Photo)

Disciples of the Pop Warner and Howard Jones brands of football are modestly admitting that the greatest game of the 1929 season in the West will
be played between Stanford and Southern California here tomorrow. California's claims are waived aside with somewhat of an airy gesture, but the
winner of this gridiron skirmish must beat the Golden Bear to obtain a clear title to the conference crown. (Associated Press Photo)

Disciples of the Pop Warner and Howard Jones brands of football are modestly admitting that the greatest game of the 1929 season in the West will
be played between Stanford and Southern California here tomorrow. California's claims are waived aside with somewhat of an airy gesture, but the
winner of this gridiron skirmish must beat the Golden Bear to obtain a clear title to the conference crown. (Associated Press Photo)

Disciples of the Pop Warner and Howard Jones brands of football are modestly admitting that the greatest game of the 1929 season in the West will
be played between Stanford and Southern California here tomorrow. California's claims are waived aside with somewhat of an airy gesture, but the
winner of this gridiron skirmish must beat the Golden Bear to obtain a clear title to the conference crown. (Associated Press Photo)

Disciples of the Pop Warner and Howard Jones brands of football are modestly admitting that the greatest game of the 1929 season in the West will
be played between Stanford and Southern California here tomorrow. California's claims are waived aside with somewhat of an airy gesture, but the
winner of this gridiron skirmish must beat the Golden Bear to obtain a clear title to the conference crown. (Associated Press Photo)

Disciples of the Pop Warner and Howard Jones brands of football are modestly admitting that the greatest game of the 1929 season in the West will
be played between Stanford and Southern California here tomorrow. California's claims are waived aside with somewhat of an airy gesture, but the
winner of this gridiron skirmish must beat the Golden Bear to obtain a clear title to the conference crown. (Associated Press Photo)

Disciples of the Pop Warner and Howard Jones brands of football are modestly admitting that the greatest game of the 1929 season in the West will
be played between Stanford and Southern California here tomorrow. California's claims are waived aside with somewhat of an airy gesture, but the
winner of this gridiron skirmish must beat the Golden Bear to obtain a clear title to the conference crown. (Associated Press Photo)

Disciples of the Pop Warner and Howard Jones brands of football are modestly admitting that the greatest game of the 1929 season in the West will
be played between Stanford and Southern California here tomorrow. California's claims are waived aside with somewhat of an airy gesture, but the
winner of this gridiron skirmish must beat the Golden Bear to obtain a clear title to the conference crown. (Associated Press Photo)

Disciples of the Pop Warner and Howard Jones brands of football are modestly admitting that the greatest game of the 1929 season in the West will
be played between Stanford and Southern California here tomorrow. California's claims are waived aside with somewhat of an airy gesture, but the
winner of this gridiron skirmish must beat the Golden Bear to obtain a clear title to the conference crown. (Associated Press Photo)

Disciples of the Pop Warner and Howard Jones brands of football are modestly admitting that the greatest game of the 1929 season in the West will
be played between Stanford and Southern California here tomorrow. California's claims are waived aside with somewhat of an airy gesture, but the
winner of this gridiron skirmish must beat the Golden Bear to obtain a clear title to the conference crown. (Associated Press Photo)
