# Twenty-Two Men's Rooting Tickets To Be Sold Today
## 
### 
Twenty-two Stanford men's rooters'
tickets will be placed on sale today
at the Board of Athletic Control.
Only students who have not yet pur
chased their rooters' tickets will be
allowed to apply. The sale will close
at noon, according to Jake Irwin, man
ager of the ticket department.
Twenty-two Stanford men's rooters'
tickets will be placed on sale today
at the Board of Athletic Control.
Only students who have not yet pur
chased their rooters' tickets will be
allowed to apply. The sale will close
at noon, according to Jake Irwin, man
ager of the ticket department.
Twenty-two Stanford men's rooters'
tickets will be placed on sale today
at the Board of Athletic Control.
Only students who have not yet pur
chased their rooters' tickets will be
allowed to apply. The sale will close
at noon, according to Jake Irwin, man
ager of the ticket department.
Twenty-two Stanford men's rooters'
tickets will be placed on sale today
at the Board of Athletic Control.
Only students who have not yet pur
chased their rooters' tickets will be
allowed to apply. The sale will close
at noon, according to Jake Irwin, man
ager of the ticket department.
Twenty-two Stanford men's rooters'
tickets will be placed on sale today
at the Board of Athletic Control.
Only students who have not yet pur
chased their rooters' tickets will be
allowed to apply. The sale will close
at noon, according to Jake Irwin, man
ager of the ticket department.
Twenty-two Stanford men's rooters'
tickets will be placed on sale today
at the Board of Athletic Control.
Only students who have not yet pur
chased their rooters' tickets will be
allowed to apply. The sale will close
at noon, according to Jake Irwin, man
ager of the ticket department.
Twenty-two Stanford men's rooters'
tickets will be placed on sale today
at the Board of Athletic Control.
Only students who have not yet pur
chased their rooters' tickets will be
allowed to apply. The sale will close
at noon, according to Jake Irwin, man
ager of the ticket department.
Twenty-two Stanford men's rooters'
tickets will be placed on sale today
at the Board of Athletic Control.
Only students who have not yet pur
chased their rooters' tickets will be
allowed to apply. The sale will close
at noon, according to Jake Irwin, man
ager of the ticket department.
Twenty-two Stanford men's rooters'
tickets will be placed on sale today
at the Board of Athletic Control.
Only students who have not yet pur
chased their rooters' tickets will be
allowed to apply. The sale will close
at noon, according to Jake Irwin, man
ager of the ticket department.
Twenty-two Stanford men's rooters'
tickets will be placed on sale today
at the Board of Athletic Control.
Only students who have not yet pur
chased their rooters' tickets will be
allowed to apply. The sale will close
at noon, according to Jake Irwin, man
ager of the ticket department.
Twenty-two Stanford men's rooters'
tickets will be placed on sale today
at the Board of Athletic Control.
Only students who have not yet pur
chased their rooters' tickets will be
allowed to apply. The sale will close
at noon, according to Jake Irwin, man
ager of the ticket department.
Twenty-two Stanford men's rooters'
tickets will be placed on sale today
at the Board of Athletic Control.
Only students who have not yet pur
chased their rooters' tickets will be
allowed to apply. The sale will close
at noon, according to Jake Irwin, man
ager of the ticket department.
Twenty-two Stanford men's rooters'
tickets will be placed on sale today
at the Board of Athletic Control.
Only students who have not yet pur
chased their rooters' tickets will be
allowed to apply. The sale will close
at noon, according to Jake Irwin, man
ager of the ticket department.
Twenty-two Stanford men's rooters'
tickets will be placed on sale today
at the Board of Athletic Control.
Only students who have not yet pur
chased their rooters' tickets will be
allowed to apply. The sale will close
at noon, according to Jake Irwin, man
ager of the ticket department.
Twenty-two Stanford men's rooters'
tickets will be placed on sale today
at the Board of Athletic Control.
Only students who have not yet pur
chased their rooters' tickets will be
allowed to apply. The sale will close
at noon, according to Jake Irwin, man
ager of the ticket department.
Twenty-two Stanford men's rooters'
tickets will be placed on sale today
at the Board of Athletic Control.
Only students who have not yet pur
chased their rooters' tickets will be
allowed to apply. The sale will close
at noon, according to Jake Irwin, man
ager of the ticket department.
Twenty-two Stanford men's rooters'
tickets will be placed on sale today
at the Board of Athletic Control.
Only students who have not yet pur
chased their rooters' tickets will be
allowed to apply. The sale will close
at noon, according to Jake Irwin, man
ager of the ticket department.
