# FRESHMAN-JUNIOR TILT OPENS HOCKEY SEASON FOR WOMEN: WOODYATT
## 
### 
The schedule for practice and cham
pionship hockey games in women's in
terclass competition was announced
yesterday by Elizabeth Woodyatt,
manager. Practice games are to begin
Monday, Norember 4, with the fresh
man-Junior combat. The championship
schedule, which is subject to change,
will begin Monday, November 25.
Elizabeth Woodyatt also announced
that the freshman captain, who was
not selected in the past because the
frosh players had not had sufficient
work-out together, will be chosen next
Wednesday. New hockey sticks have
arrived for the senior and junior
squads.
The schedule of practice games fol
lows: Monday, November 4, freshmen
vs. juniors; Wednesday, November 6,
sophomores vs. seniors; Monday, No
vember 11, sophomores vs. juniors;
Wednesday, November 13, freshmen
vs. seniors; Monday, November 18,
freshmen vs. sophomores; Wednesday,
November 20, juniors vs. seniors.
Championship games are as fol
lows: Monday, November 25, freshmen
vs. Juniors; Tuesday, November 26,
sophomores vs. seniors; Monday, De
cember 2, sophomores vs. juniors;
Tuesday, December 3, freshmen vs.
seniors; Monday, December 9, fresh
men vs. sophomores; Tuesday, Decem
ber 10, juniors vs. seniors.
The schedule for practice and cham
pionship hockey games in women's in
terclass competition was announced
yesterday by Elizabeth Woodyatt,
manager. Practice games are to begin
Monday, Norember 4, with the fresh
man-Junior combat. The championship
schedule, which is subject to change,
will begin Monday, November 25.
Elizabeth Woodyatt also announced
that the freshman captain, who was
not selected in the past because the
frosh players had not had sufficient
work-out together, will be chosen next
Wednesday. New hockey sticks have
arrived for the senior and junior
squads.
The schedule of practice games fol
lows: Monday, November 4, freshmen
vs. juniors; Wednesday, November 6,
sophomores vs. seniors; Monday, No
vember 11, sophomores vs. juniors;
Wednesday, November 13, freshmen
vs. seniors; Monday, November 18,
freshmen vs. sophomores; Wednesday,
November 20, juniors vs. seniors.
Championship games are as fol
lows: Monday, November 25, freshmen
vs. Juniors; Tuesday, November 26,
sophomores vs. seniors; Monday, De
cember 2, sophomores vs. juniors;
Tuesday, December 3, freshmen vs.
seniors; Monday, December 9, fresh
men vs. sophomores; Tuesday, Decem
ber 10, juniors vs. seniors.
The schedule for practice and cham
pionship hockey games in women's in
terclass competition was announced
yesterday by Elizabeth Woodyatt,
manager. Practice games are to begin
Monday, Norember 4, with the fresh
man-Junior combat. The championship
schedule, which is subject to change,
will begin Monday, November 25.
Elizabeth Woodyatt also announced
that the freshman captain, who was
not selected in the past because the
frosh players had not had sufficient
work-out together, will be chosen next
Wednesday. New hockey sticks have
arrived for the senior and junior
squads.
The schedule of practice games fol
lows: Monday, November 4, freshmen
vs. juniors; Wednesday, November 6,
sophomores vs. seniors; Monday, No
vember 11, sophomores vs. juniors;
Wednesday, November 13, freshmen
vs. seniors; Monday, November 18,
freshmen vs. sophomores; Wednesday,
November 20, juniors vs. seniors.
Championship games are as fol
lows: Monday, November 25, freshmen
vs. Juniors; Tuesday, November 26,
sophomores vs. seniors; Monday, De
cember 2, sophomores vs. juniors;
Tuesday, December 3, freshmen vs.
seniors; Monday, December 9, fresh
men vs. sophomores; Tuesday, Decem
ber 10, juniors vs. seniors.
The schedule for practice and cham
pionship hockey games in women's in
terclass competition was announced
yesterday by Elizabeth Woodyatt,
manager. Practice games are to begin
Monday, Norember 4, with the fresh
man-Junior combat. The championship
schedule, which is subject to change,
will begin Monday, November 25.
Elizabeth Woodyatt also announced
that the freshman captain, who was
not selected in the past because the
frosh players had not had sufficient
work-out together, will be chosen next
Wednesday. New hockey sticks have
arrived for the senior and junior
squads.
The schedule of practice games fol
lows: Monday, November 4, freshmen
vs. juniors; Wednesday, November 6,
sophomores vs. seniors; Monday, No
vember 11, sophomores vs. juniors;
Wednesday, November 13, freshmen
vs. seniors; Monday, November 18,
freshmen vs. sophomores; Wednesday,
November 20, juniors vs. seniors.
Championship games are as fol
lows: Monday, November 25, freshmen
vs. Juniors; Tuesday, November 26,
sophomores vs. seniors; Monday, De
cember 2, sophomores vs. juniors;
Tuesday, December 3, freshmen vs.
seniors; Monday, December 9, fresh
men vs. sophomores; Tuesday, Decem
ber 10, juniors vs. seniors.
The schedule for practice and cham
pionship hockey games in women's in
terclass competition was announced
yesterday by Elizabeth Woodyatt,
manager. Practice games are to begin
Monday, Norember 4, with the fresh
man-Junior combat. The championship
schedule, which is subject to change,
will begin Monday, November 25.
Elizabeth Woodyatt also announced
that the freshman captain, who was
not selected in the past because the
frosh players had not had sufficient
work-out together, will be chosen next
Wednesday. New hockey sticks have
arrived for the senior and junior
squads.
The schedule of practice games fol
lows: Monday, November 4, freshmen
vs. juniors; Wednesday, November 6,
sophomores vs. seniors; Monday, No
vember 11, sophomores vs. juniors;
Wednesday, November 13, freshmen
vs. seniors; Monday, November 18,
freshmen vs. sophomores; Wednesday,
November 20, juniors vs. seniors.
Championship games are as fol
lows: Monday, November 25, freshmen
vs. Juniors; Tuesday, November 26,
sophomores vs. seniors; Monday, De
cember 2, sophomores vs. juniors;
Tuesday, December 3, freshmen vs.
seniors; Monday, December 9, fresh
men vs. sophomores; Tuesday, Decem
ber 10, juniors vs. seniors.
The schedule for practice and cham
pionship hockey games in women's in
terclass competition was announced
yesterday by Elizabeth Woodyatt,
manager. Practice games are to begin
Monday, Norember 4, with the fresh
man-Junior combat. The championship
schedule, which is subject to change,
will begin Monday, November 25.
Elizabeth Woodyatt also announced
that the freshman captain, who was
not selected in the past because the
frosh players had not had sufficient
work-out together, will be chosen next
Wednesday. New hockey sticks have
arrived for the senior and junior
squads.
The schedule of practice games fol
lows: Monday, November 4, freshmen
vs. juniors; Wednesday, November 6,
sophomores vs. seniors; Monday, No
vember 11, sophomores vs. juniors;
Wednesday, November 13, freshmen
vs. seniors; Monday, November 18,
freshmen vs. sophomores; Wednesday,
November 20, juniors vs. seniors.
Championship games are as fol
lows: Monday, November 25, freshmen
vs. Juniors; Tuesday, November 26,
sophomores vs. seniors; Monday, De
cember 2, sophomores vs. juniors;
Tuesday, December 3, freshmen vs.
seniors; Monday, December 9, fresh
men vs. sophomores; Tuesday, Decem
ber 10, juniors vs. seniors.
The schedule for practice and cham
pionship hockey games in women's in
terclass competition was announced
yesterday by Elizabeth Woodyatt,
manager. Practice games are to begin
Monday, Norember 4, with the fresh
man-Junior combat. The championship
schedule, which is subject to change,
will begin Monday, November 25.
Elizabeth Woodyatt also announced
that the freshman captain, who was
not selected in the past because the
frosh players had not had sufficient
work-out together, will be chosen next
Wednesday. New hockey sticks have
arrived for the senior and junior
squads.
The schedule of practice games fol
lows: Monday, November 4, freshmen
vs. juniors; Wednesday, November 6,
sophomores vs. seniors; Monday, No
vember 11, sophomores vs. juniors;
Wednesday, November 13, freshmen
vs. seniors; Monday, November 18,
freshmen vs. sophomores; Wednesday,
November 20, juniors vs. seniors.
Championship games are as fol
lows: Monday, November 25, freshmen
vs. Juniors; Tuesday, November 26,
sophomores vs. seniors; Monday, De
cember 2, sophomores vs. juniors;
Tuesday, December 3, freshmen vs.
seniors; Monday, December 9, fresh
men vs. sophomores; Tuesday, Decem
ber 10, juniors vs. seniors.
The schedule for practice and cham
pionship hockey games in women's in
terclass competition was announced
yesterday by Elizabeth Woodyatt,
manager. Practice games are to begin
Monday, Norember 4, with the fresh
man-Junior combat. The championship
schedule, which is subject to change,
will begin Monday, November 25.
Elizabeth Woodyatt also announced
that the freshman captain, who was
not selected in the past because the
frosh players had not had sufficient
work-out together, will be chosen next
Wednesday. New hockey sticks have
arrived for the senior and junior
squads.
The schedule of practice games fol
lows: Monday, November 4, freshmen
vs. juniors; Wednesday, November 6,
sophomores vs. seniors; Monday, No
vember 11, sophomores vs. juniors;
Wednesday, November 13, freshmen
vs. seniors; Monday, November 18,
freshmen vs. sophomores; Wednesday,
November 20, juniors vs. seniors.
Championship games are as fol
lows: Monday, November 25, freshmen
vs. Juniors; Tuesday, November 26,
sophomores vs. seniors; Monday, De
cember 2, sophomores vs. juniors;
Tuesday, December 3, freshmen vs.
seniors; Monday, December 9, fresh
men vs. sophomores; Tuesday, Decem
ber 10, juniors vs. seniors.
The schedule for practice and cham
pionship hockey games in women's in
terclass competition was announced
yesterday by Elizabeth Woodyatt,
manager. Practice games are to begin
Monday, Norember 4, with the fresh
man-Junior combat. The championship
schedule, which is subject to change,
will begin Monday, November 25.
Elizabeth Woodyatt also announced
that the freshman captain, who was
not selected in the past because the
frosh players had not had sufficient
work-out together, will be chosen next
Wednesday. New hockey sticks have
arrived for the senior and junior
squads.
The schedule of practice games fol
lows: Monday, November 4, freshmen
vs. juniors; Wednesday, November 6,
sophomores vs. seniors; Monday, No
vember 11, sophomores vs. juniors;
Wednesday, November 13, freshmen
vs. seniors; Monday, November 18,
freshmen vs. sophomores; Wednesday,
November 20, juniors vs. seniors.
Championship games are as fol
lows: Monday, November 25, freshmen
vs. Juniors; Tuesday, November 26,
sophomores vs. seniors; Monday, De
cember 2, sophomores vs. juniors;
Tuesday, December 3, freshmen vs.
seniors; Monday, December 9, fresh
men vs. sophomores; Tuesday, Decem
ber 10, juniors vs. seniors.
The schedule for practice and cham
pionship hockey games in women's in
terclass competition was announced
yesterday by Elizabeth Woodyatt,
manager. Practice games are to begin
Monday, Norember 4, with the fresh
man-Junior combat. The championship
schedule, which is subject to change,
will begin Monday, November 25.
Elizabeth Woodyatt also announced
that the freshman captain, who was
not selected in the past because the
frosh players had not had sufficient
work-out together, will be chosen next
Wednesday. New hockey sticks have
arrived for the senior and junior
squads.
The schedule of practice games fol
lows: Monday, November 4, freshmen
vs. juniors; Wednesday, November 6,
sophomores vs. seniors; Monday, No
vember 11, sophomores vs. juniors;
Wednesday, November 13, freshmen
vs. seniors; Monday, November 18,
freshmen vs. sophomores; Wednesday,
November 20, juniors vs. seniors.
Championship games are as fol
lows: Monday, November 25, freshmen
vs. Juniors; Tuesday, November 26,
sophomores vs. seniors; Monday, De
cember 2, sophomores vs. juniors;
Tuesday, December 3, freshmen vs.
seniors; Monday, December 9, fresh
men vs. sophomores; Tuesday, Decem
ber 10, juniors vs. seniors.
The schedule for practice and cham
pionship hockey games in women's in
terclass competition was announced
yesterday by Elizabeth Woodyatt,
manager. Practice games are to begin
Monday, Norember 4, with the fresh
man-Junior combat. The championship
schedule, which is subject to change,
will begin Monday, November 25.
Elizabeth Woodyatt also announced
that the freshman captain, who was
not selected in the past because the
frosh players had not had sufficient
work-out together, will be chosen next
Wednesday. New hockey sticks have
arrived for the senior and junior
squads.
The schedule of practice games fol
lows: Monday, November 4, freshmen
vs. juniors; Wednesday, November 6,
sophomores vs. seniors; Monday, No
vember 11, sophomores vs. juniors;
Wednesday, November 13, freshmen
vs. seniors; Monday, November 18,
freshmen vs. sophomores; Wednesday,
November 20, juniors vs. seniors.
Championship games are as fol
lows: Monday, November 25, freshmen
vs. Juniors; Tuesday, November 26,
sophomores vs. seniors; Monday, De
cember 2, sophomores vs. juniors;
Tuesday, December 3, freshmen vs.
seniors; Monday, December 9, fresh
men vs. sophomores; Tuesday, Decem
ber 10, juniors vs. seniors.
The schedule for practice and cham
pionship hockey games in women's in
terclass competition was announced
yesterday by Elizabeth Woodyatt,
manager. Practice games are to begin
Monday, Norember 4, with the fresh
man-Junior combat. The championship
schedule, which is subject to change,
will begin Monday, November 25.
Elizabeth Woodyatt also announced
that the freshman captain, who was
not selected in the past because the
frosh players had not had sufficient
work-out together, will be chosen next
Wednesday. New hockey sticks have
arrived for the senior and junior
squads.
The schedule of practice games fol
lows: Monday, November 4, freshmen
vs. juniors; Wednesday, November 6,
sophomores vs. seniors; Monday, No
vember 11, sophomores vs. juniors;
Wednesday, November 13, freshmen
vs. seniors; Monday, November 18,
freshmen vs. sophomores; Wednesday,
November 20, juniors vs. seniors.
Championship games are as fol
lows: Monday, November 25, freshmen
vs. Juniors; Tuesday, November 26,
sophomores vs. seniors; Monday, De
cember 2, sophomores vs. juniors;
Tuesday, December 3, freshmen vs.
seniors; Monday, December 9, fresh
men vs. sophomores; Tuesday, Decem
ber 10, juniors vs. seniors.
The schedule for practice and cham
pionship hockey games in women's in
terclass competition was announced
yesterday by Elizabeth Woodyatt,
manager. Practice games are to begin
Monday, Norember 4, with the fresh
man-Junior combat. The championship
schedule, which is subject to change,
will begin Monday, November 25.
Elizabeth Woodyatt also announced
that the freshman captain, who was
not selected in the past because the
frosh players had not had sufficient
work-out together, will be chosen next
Wednesday. New hockey sticks have
arrived for the senior and junior
squads.
The schedule of practice games fol
lows: Monday, November 4, freshmen
vs. juniors; Wednesday, November 6,
sophomores vs. seniors; Monday, No
vember 11, sophomores vs. juniors;
Wednesday, November 13, freshmen
vs. seniors; Monday, November 18,
freshmen vs. sophomores; Wednesday,
November 20, juniors vs. seniors.
Championship games are as fol
lows: Monday, November 25, freshmen
vs. Juniors; Tuesday, November 26,
sophomores vs. seniors; Monday, De
cember 2, sophomores vs. juniors;
Tuesday, December 3, freshmen vs.
seniors; Monday, December 9, fresh
men vs. sophomores; Tuesday, Decem
ber 10, juniors vs. seniors.
The schedule for practice and cham
pionship hockey games in women's in
terclass competition was announced
yesterday by Elizabeth Woodyatt,
manager. Practice games are to begin
Monday, Norember 4, with the fresh
man-Junior combat. The championship
schedule, which is subject to change,
will begin Monday, November 25.
Elizabeth Woodyatt also announced
that the freshman captain, who was
not selected in the past because the
frosh players had not had sufficient
work-out together, will be chosen next
Wednesday. New hockey sticks have
arrived for the senior and junior
squads.
The schedule of practice games fol
lows: Monday, November 4, freshmen
vs. juniors; Wednesday, November 6,
sophomores vs. seniors; Monday, No
vember 11, sophomores vs. juniors;
Wednesday, November 13, freshmen
vs. seniors; Monday, November 18,
freshmen vs. sophomores; Wednesday,
November 20, juniors vs. seniors.
Championship games are as fol
lows: Monday, November 25, freshmen
vs. Juniors; Tuesday, November 26,
sophomores vs. seniors; Monday, De
cember 2, sophomores vs. juniors;
Tuesday, December 3, freshmen vs.
seniors; Monday, December 9, fresh
men vs. sophomores; Tuesday, Decem
ber 10, juniors vs. seniors.
The schedule for practice and cham
pionship hockey games in women's in
terclass competition was announced
yesterday by Elizabeth Woodyatt,
manager. Practice games are to begin
Monday, Norember 4, with the fresh
man-Junior combat. The championship
schedule, which is subject to change,
will begin Monday, November 25.
Elizabeth Woodyatt also announced
that the freshman captain, who was
not selected in the past because the
frosh players had not had sufficient
work-out together, will be chosen next
Wednesday. New hockey sticks have
arrived for the senior and junior
squads.
The schedule of practice games fol
lows: Monday, November 4, freshmen
vs. juniors; Wednesday, November 6,
sophomores vs. seniors; Monday, No
vember 11, sophomores vs. juniors;
Wednesday, November 13, freshmen
vs. seniors; Monday, November 18,
freshmen vs. sophomores; Wednesday,
November 20, juniors vs. seniors.
Championship games are as fol
lows: Monday, November 25, freshmen
vs. Juniors; Tuesday, November 26,
sophomores vs. seniors; Monday, De
cember 2, sophomores vs. juniors;
Tuesday, December 3, freshmen vs.
seniors; Monday, December 9, fresh
men vs. sophomores; Tuesday, Decem
ber 10, juniors vs. seniors.
The schedule for practice and cham
pionship hockey games in women's in
terclass competition was announced
yesterday by Elizabeth Woodyatt,
manager. Practice games are to begin
Monday, Norember 4, with the fresh
man-Junior combat. The championship
schedule, which is subject to change,
will begin Monday, November 25.
Elizabeth Woodyatt also announced
that the freshman captain, who was
not selected in the past because the
frosh players had not had sufficient
work-out together, will be chosen next
Wednesday. New hockey sticks have
arrived for the senior and junior
squads.
The schedule of practice games fol
lows: Monday, November 4, freshmen
vs. juniors; Wednesday, November 6,
sophomores vs. seniors; Monday, No
vember 11, sophomores vs. juniors;
Wednesday, November 13, freshmen
vs. seniors; Monday, November 18,
freshmen vs. sophomores; Wednesday,
November 20, juniors vs. seniors.
Championship games are as fol
lows: Monday, November 25, freshmen
vs. Juniors; Tuesday, November 26,
sophomores vs. seniors; Monday, De
cember 2, sophomores vs. juniors;
Tuesday, December 3, freshmen vs.
seniors; Monday, December 9, fresh
men vs. sophomores; Tuesday, Decem
ber 10, juniors vs. seniors.
The schedule for practice and cham
pionship hockey games in women's in
terclass competition was announced
yesterday by Elizabeth Woodyatt,
manager. Practice games are to begin
Monday, Norember 4, with the fresh
man-Junior combat. The championship
schedule, which is subject to change,
will begin Monday, November 25.
Elizabeth Woodyatt also announced
that the freshman captain, who was
not selected in the past because the
frosh players had not had sufficient
work-out together, will be chosen next
Wednesday. New hockey sticks have
arrived for the senior and junior
squads.
The schedule of practice games fol
lows: Monday, November 4, freshmen
vs. juniors; Wednesday, November 6,
sophomores vs. seniors; Monday, No
vember 11, sophomores vs. juniors;
Wednesday, November 13, freshmen
vs. seniors; Monday, November 18,
freshmen vs. sophomores; Wednesday,
November 20, juniors vs. seniors.
Championship games are as fol
lows: Monday, November 25, freshmen
vs. Juniors; Tuesday, November 26,
sophomores vs. seniors; Monday, De
cember 2, sophomores vs. juniors;
Tuesday, December 3, freshmen vs.
seniors; Monday, December 9, fresh
men vs. sophomores; Tuesday, Decem
ber 10, juniors vs. seniors.
