# FIVE BEST-DRESSED MEN
## 
### 
NEW YORK, Oct. 24. (/P)—'The five
best-dressed men in the country, in
the opinion of Dr. Orcella Rexford,
woman psychologist, are: Mayor
Walker of New York; O. O. Mclntyre,
writer; Archibald Klumph, Cleveland
banker; Otto H. Kalin, New York
banker, and Conde Mast, publisher.
NEW YORK, Oct. 24. (/P)—'The five
best-dressed men in the country, in
the opinion of Dr. Orcella Rexford,
woman psychologist, are: Mayor
Walker of New York; O. O. Mclntyre,
writer; Archibald Klumph, Cleveland
banker; Otto H. Kalin, New York
banker, and Conde Mast, publisher.
NEW YORK, Oct. 24. (/P)—'The five
best-dressed men in the country, in
the opinion of Dr. Orcella Rexford,
woman psychologist, are: Mayor
Walker of New York; O. O. Mclntyre,
writer; Archibald Klumph, Cleveland
banker; Otto H. Kalin, New York
banker, and Conde Mast, publisher.
NEW YORK, Oct. 24. (/P)—'The five
best-dressed men in the country, in
the opinion of Dr. Orcella Rexford,
woman psychologist, are: Mayor
Walker of New York; O. O. Mclntyre,
writer; Archibald Klumph, Cleveland
banker; Otto H. Kalin, New York
banker, and Conde Mast, publisher.
NEW YORK, Oct. 24. (/P)—'The five
best-dressed men in the country, in
the opinion of Dr. Orcella Rexford,
woman psychologist, are: Mayor
Walker of New York; O. O. Mclntyre,
writer; Archibald Klumph, Cleveland
banker; Otto H. Kalin, New York
banker, and Conde Mast, publisher.
NEW YORK, Oct. 24. (/P)—'The five
best-dressed men in the country, in
the opinion of Dr. Orcella Rexford,
woman psychologist, are: Mayor
Walker of New York; O. O. Mclntyre,
writer; Archibald Klumph, Cleveland
banker; Otto H. Kalin, New York
banker, and Conde Mast, publisher.
NEW YORK, Oct. 24. (/P)—'The five
best-dressed men in the country, in
the opinion of Dr. Orcella Rexford,
woman psychologist, are: Mayor
Walker of New York; O. O. Mclntyre,
writer; Archibald Klumph, Cleveland
banker; Otto H. Kalin, New York
banker, and Conde Mast, publisher.
NEW YORK, Oct. 24. (/P)—'The five
best-dressed men in the country, in
the opinion of Dr. Orcella Rexford,
woman psychologist, are: Mayor
Walker of New York; O. O. Mclntyre,
writer; Archibald Klumph, Cleveland
banker; Otto H. Kalin, New York
banker, and Conde Mast, publisher.
NEW YORK, Oct. 24. (/P)—'The five
best-dressed men in the country, in
the opinion of Dr. Orcella Rexford,
woman psychologist, are: Mayor
Walker of New York; O. O. Mclntyre,
writer; Archibald Klumph, Cleveland
banker; Otto H. Kalin, New York
banker, and Conde Mast, publisher.
NEW YORK, Oct. 24. (/P)—'The five
best-dressed men in the country, in
the opinion of Dr. Orcella Rexford,
woman psychologist, are: Mayor
Walker of New York; O. O. Mclntyre,
writer; Archibald Klumph, Cleveland
banker; Otto H. Kalin, New York
banker, and Conde Mast, publisher.
NEW YORK, Oct. 24. (/P)—'The five
best-dressed men in the country, in
the opinion of Dr. Orcella Rexford,
woman psychologist, are: Mayor
Walker of New York; O. O. Mclntyre,
writer; Archibald Klumph, Cleveland
banker; Otto H. Kalin, New York
banker, and Conde Mast, publisher.
NEW YORK, Oct. 24. (/P)—'The five
best-dressed men in the country, in
the opinion of Dr. Orcella Rexford,
woman psychologist, are: Mayor
Walker of New York; O. O. Mclntyre,
writer; Archibald Klumph, Cleveland
banker; Otto H. Kalin, New York
banker, and Conde Mast, publisher.
NEW YORK, Oct. 24. (/P)—'The five
best-dressed men in the country, in
the opinion of Dr. Orcella Rexford,
woman psychologist, are: Mayor
Walker of New York; O. O. Mclntyre,
writer; Archibald Klumph, Cleveland
banker; Otto H. Kalin, New York
banker, and Conde Mast, publisher.
NEW YORK, Oct. 24. (/P)—'The five
best-dressed men in the country, in
the opinion of Dr. Orcella Rexford,
woman psychologist, are: Mayor
Walker of New York; O. O. Mclntyre,
writer; Archibald Klumph, Cleveland
banker; Otto H. Kalin, New York
banker, and Conde Mast, publisher.
NEW YORK, Oct. 24. (/P)—'The five
best-dressed men in the country, in
the opinion of Dr. Orcella Rexford,
woman psychologist, are: Mayor
Walker of New York; O. O. Mclntyre,
writer; Archibald Klumph, Cleveland
banker; Otto H. Kalin, New York
banker, and Conde Mast, publisher.
NEW YORK, Oct. 24. (/P)—'The five
best-dressed men in the country, in
the opinion of Dr. Orcella Rexford,
woman psychologist, are: Mayor
Walker of New York; O. O. Mclntyre,
writer; Archibald Klumph, Cleveland
banker; Otto H. Kalin, New York
banker, and Conde Mast, publisher.
NEW YORK, Oct. 24. (/P)—'The five
best-dressed men in the country, in
the opinion of Dr. Orcella Rexford,
woman psychologist, are: Mayor
Walker of New York; O. O. Mclntyre,
writer; Archibald Klumph, Cleveland
banker; Otto H. Kalin, New York
banker, and Conde Mast, publisher.
