# TROJAN CAPTAIN
## 
### 

Nate Barrager heads Southern Cali
fornia playing offensive left guard
and defensive center.

Nate Barrager heads Southern Cali
fornia playing offensive left guard
and defensive center.

Nate Barrager heads Southern Cali
fornia playing offensive left guard
and defensive center.

Nate Barrager heads Southern Cali
fornia playing offensive left guard
and defensive center.

Nate Barrager heads Southern Cali
fornia playing offensive left guard
and defensive center.

Nate Barrager heads Southern Cali
fornia playing offensive left guard
and defensive center.

Nate Barrager heads Southern Cali
fornia playing offensive left guard
and defensive center.

Nate Barrager heads Southern Cali
fornia playing offensive left guard
and defensive center.

Nate Barrager heads Southern Cali
fornia playing offensive left guard
and defensive center.

Nate Barrager heads Southern Cali
fornia playing offensive left guard
and defensive center.

Nate Barrager heads Southern Cali
fornia playing offensive left guard
and defensive center.

Nate Barrager heads Southern Cali
fornia playing offensive left guard
and defensive center.

Nate Barrager heads Southern Cali
fornia playing offensive left guard
and defensive center.

Nate Barrager heads Southern Cali
fornia playing offensive left guard
and defensive center.

Nate Barrager heads Southern Cali
fornia playing offensive left guard
and defensive center.

Nate Barrager heads Southern Cali
fornia playing offensive left guard
and defensive center.

Nate Barrager heads Southern Cali
fornia playing offensive left guard
and defensive center.
