# Adv. 20 Page 4
## 
### 
ATTENTION BROTHERS
AND SISTERS
All persons interested in par
ticipating in the Spring Black
Drama Workshop please come
to a meeting Wednesday and
Thursday nights, March 31 and
April 1, at 8:00 p.m. in the
BLACK HOUSE.
Actors, Singers, Dancers, Tech
nicians, Musicians needed. No
experience necessary. Possible
units. Contact Jake Carter at
321-8997 or Woodi Webb at
328-3476.
ATTENTION BROTHERS
AND SISTERS
All persons interested in par
ticipating in the Spring Black
Drama Workshop please come
to a meeting Wednesday and
Thursday nights, March 31 and
April 1, at 8:00 p.m. in the
BLACK HOUSE.
Actors, Singers, Dancers, Tech
nicians, Musicians needed. No
experience necessary. Possible
units. Contact Jake Carter at
321-8997 or Woodi Webb at
328-3476.
ATTENTION BROTHERS
AND SISTERS
All persons interested in par
ticipating in the Spring Black
Drama Workshop please come
to a meeting Wednesday and
Thursday nights, March 31 and
April 1, at 8:00 p.m. in the
BLACK HOUSE.
Actors, Singers, Dancers, Tech
nicians, Musicians needed. No
experience necessary. Possible
units. Contact Jake Carter at
321-8997 or Woodi Webb at
328-3476.
ATTENTION BROTHERS
AND SISTERS
All persons interested in par
ticipating in the Spring Black
Drama Workshop please come
to a meeting Wednesday and
Thursday nights, March 31 and
April 1, at 8:00 p.m. in the
BLACK HOUSE.
Actors, Singers, Dancers, Tech
nicians, Musicians needed. No
experience necessary. Possible
units. Contact Jake Carter at
321-8997 or Woodi Webb at
328-3476.
ATTENTION BROTHERS
AND SISTERS
All persons interested in par
ticipating in the Spring Black
Drama Workshop please come
to a meeting Wednesday and
Thursday nights, March 31 and
April 1, at 8:00 p.m. in the
BLACK HOUSE.
Actors, Singers, Dancers, Tech
nicians, Musicians needed. No
experience necessary. Possible
units. Contact Jake Carter at
321-8997 or Woodi Webb at
328-3476.
ATTENTION BROTHERS
AND SISTERS
All persons interested in par
ticipating in the Spring Black
Drama Workshop please come
to a meeting Wednesday and
Thursday nights, March 31 and
April 1, at 8:00 p.m. in the
BLACK HOUSE.
Actors, Singers, Dancers, Tech
nicians, Musicians needed. No
experience necessary. Possible
units. Contact Jake Carter at
321-8997 or Woodi Webb at
328-3476.
ATTENTION BROTHERS
AND SISTERS
All persons interested in par
ticipating in the Spring Black
Drama Workshop please come
to a meeting Wednesday and
Thursday nights, March 31 and
April 1, at 8:00 p.m. in the
BLACK HOUSE.
Actors, Singers, Dancers, Tech
nicians, Musicians needed. No
experience necessary. Possible
units. Contact Jake Carter at
321-8997 or Woodi Webb at
328-3476.
ATTENTION BROTHERS
AND SISTERS
All persons interested in par
ticipating in the Spring Black
Drama Workshop please come
to a meeting Wednesday and
Thursday nights, March 31 and
April 1, at 8:00 p.m. in the
BLACK HOUSE.
Actors, Singers, Dancers, Tech
nicians, Musicians needed. No
experience necessary. Possible
units. Contact Jake Carter at
321-8997 or Woodi Webb at
328-3476.
ATTENTION BROTHERS
AND SISTERS
All persons interested in par
ticipating in the Spring Black
Drama Workshop please come
to a meeting Wednesday and
Thursday nights, March 31 and
April 1, at 8:00 p.m. in the
BLACK HOUSE.
Actors, Singers, Dancers, Tech
nicians, Musicians needed. No
experience necessary. Possible
units. Contact Jake Carter at
321-8997 or Woodi Webb at
328-3476.
ATTENTION BROTHERS
AND SISTERS
All persons interested in par
ticipating in the Spring Black
Drama Workshop please come
to a meeting Wednesday and
Thursday nights, March 31 and
April 1, at 8:00 p.m. in the
BLACK HOUSE.
Actors, Singers, Dancers, Tech
nicians, Musicians needed. No
experience necessary. Possible
units. Contact Jake Carter at
321-8997 or Woodi Webb at
328-3476.
ATTENTION BROTHERS
AND SISTERS
All persons interested in par
ticipating in the Spring Black
Drama Workshop please come
to a meeting Wednesday and
Thursday nights, March 31 and
April 1, at 8:00 p.m. in the
BLACK HOUSE.
Actors, Singers, Dancers, Tech
nicians, Musicians needed. No
experience necessary. Possible
units. Contact Jake Carter at
321-8997 or Woodi Webb at
328-3476.
ATTENTION BROTHERS
AND SISTERS
All persons interested in par
ticipating in the Spring Black
Drama Workshop please come
to a meeting Wednesday and
Thursday nights, March 31 and
April 1, at 8:00 p.m. in the
BLACK HOUSE.
Actors, Singers, Dancers, Tech
nicians, Musicians needed. No
experience necessary. Possible
units. Contact Jake Carter at
321-8997 or Woodi Webb at
328-3476.
ATTENTION BROTHERS
AND SISTERS
All persons interested in par
ticipating in the Spring Black
Drama Workshop please come
to a meeting Wednesday and
Thursday nights, March 31 and
April 1, at 8:00 p.m. in the
BLACK HOUSE.
Actors, Singers, Dancers, Tech
nicians, Musicians needed. No
experience necessary. Possible
units. Contact Jake Carter at
321-8997 or Woodi Webb at
328-3476.
