# TWENTY YEARS AGO
## 
### 
The total bills incurred by the Train
ing House Corporation in building the
new athletic field will amount to ap
proximately $16,000, of which $9,000
has already been paid. This total in
cludes the cost of the bleachers, the
grading and clearing necessary before
their construction, and the erection of
the training house.
* * *
A list of 170 candidates for gradua
tion for the year has been issued from
the Registrar's office.
* * *
John P. Poe, Jr., Neilson Poe, and
Chester Murphy have been selected as
the officials for the Big Game. The
Poes are both graduates of Princeton,
while Murphy graduated from Stanford
in '00.
+ * *
The board of directors of the Guild
Hospital have decided to continue their
policy of admitting outside patients as
well as students. Since college opened,
a report shows that there has been a
daily average of from eight to thirteen
student cases, and three outside cases.
On the whole the outside cases have
been much more serious than the stu
dent cases.
* * #
Secret practice will continue on the
football field the rest of the week ex
cept Thursday, when the students will
have their last opportunity to see the
team in action before the day of the
Big Game.
♦ * *
As the means of obtaining luncheon
on the day of the game are likely to
prove inadequate to meet the demand,
the Faculty Club has decided to serve
a buffet luncheon. An invitation has
been sent to each member of the
faculty of the University of California.
♦ * *
Only five essays on the subject, "The
Ethics of Monopolistic Control of In
dustry" were submitted for the Bonn
heim prize contest. The rules of the
contest are that the five best essays
shall be announced later in the month,
and .that to those who present meri
torious compositions prizes of twenty
dollars each shall be awarded. Since
there were but five essays written, the
names' of the authors will be an
nounced, but the distribution of prizes
shall rest with the judges. If any of
the five essays is not satisfactory the
judges can limit the cash awards at
their discretion.
The total bills incurred by the Train
ing House Corporation in building the
new athletic field will amount to ap
proximately $16,000, of which $9,000
has already been paid. This total in
cludes the cost of the bleachers, the
grading and clearing necessary before
their construction, and the erection of
the training house.
* * *
A list of 170 candidates for gradua
tion for the year has been issued from
the Registrar's office.
* * *
John P. Poe, Jr., Neilson Poe, and
Chester Murphy have been selected as
the officials for the Big Game. The
Poes are both graduates of Princeton,
while Murphy graduated from Stanford
in '00.
+ * *
The board of directors of the Guild
Hospital have decided to continue their
policy of admitting outside patients as
well as students. Since college opened,
a report shows that there has been a
daily average of from eight to thirteen
student cases, and three outside cases.
On the whole the outside cases have
been much more serious than the stu
dent cases.
* * #
Secret practice will continue on the
football field the rest of the week ex
cept Thursday, when the students will
have their last opportunity to see the
team in action before the day of the
Big Game.
♦ * *
As the means of obtaining luncheon
on the day of the game are likely to
prove inadequate to meet the demand,
the Faculty Club has decided to serve
a buffet luncheon. An invitation has
been sent to each member of the
faculty of the University of California.
♦ * *
Only five essays on the subject, "The
Ethics of Monopolistic Control of In
dustry" were submitted for the Bonn
heim prize contest. The rules of the
contest are that the five best essays
shall be announced later in the month,
and .that to those who present meri
torious compositions prizes of twenty
dollars each shall be awarded. Since
there were but five essays written, the
names' of the authors will be an
nounced, but the distribution of prizes
shall rest with the judges. If any of
the five essays is not satisfactory the
judges can limit the cash awards at
their discretion.
The total bills incurred by the Train
ing House Corporation in building the
new athletic field will amount to ap
proximately $16,000, of which $9,000
has already been paid. This total in
cludes the cost of the bleachers, the
grading and clearing necessary before
their construction, and the erection of
the training house.
* * *
A list of 170 candidates for gradua
tion for the year has been issued from
the Registrar's office.
* * *
John P. Poe, Jr., Neilson Poe, and
Chester Murphy have been selected as
the officials for the Big Game. The
Poes are both graduates of Princeton,
while Murphy graduated from Stanford
in '00.
+ * *
The board of directors of the Guild
Hospital have decided to continue their
policy of admitting outside patients as
well as students. Since college opened,
a report shows that there has been a
daily average of from eight to thirteen
student cases, and three outside cases.
On the whole the outside cases have
been much more serious than the stu
dent cases.
* * #
Secret practice will continue on the
football field the rest of the week ex
cept Thursday, when the students will
have their last opportunity to see the
team in action before the day of the
Big Game.
♦ * *
As the means of obtaining luncheon
on the day of the game are likely to
prove inadequate to meet the demand,
the Faculty Club has decided to serve
a buffet luncheon. An invitation has
been sent to each member of the
faculty of the University of California.
♦ * *
Only five essays on the subject, "The
Ethics of Monopolistic Control of In
dustry" were submitted for the Bonn
heim prize contest. The rules of the
contest are that the five best essays
shall be announced later in the month,
and .that to those who present meri
torious compositions prizes of twenty
dollars each shall be awarded. Since
there were but five essays written, the
names' of the authors will be an
nounced, but the distribution of prizes
shall rest with the judges. If any of
the five essays is not satisfactory the
judges can limit the cash awards at
their discretion.
The total bills incurred by the Train
ing House Corporation in building the
new athletic field will amount to ap
proximately $16,000, of which $9,000
has already been paid. This total in
cludes the cost of the bleachers, the
grading and clearing necessary before
their construction, and the erection of
the training house.
* * *
A list of 170 candidates for gradua
tion for the year has been issued from
the Registrar's office.
* * *
John P. Poe, Jr., Neilson Poe, and
Chester Murphy have been selected as
the officials for the Big Game. The
Poes are both graduates of Princeton,
while Murphy graduated from Stanford
in '00.
+ * *
The board of directors of the Guild
Hospital have decided to continue their
policy of admitting outside patients as
well as students. Since college opened,
a report shows that there has been a
daily average of from eight to thirteen
student cases, and three outside cases.
On the whole the outside cases have
been much more serious than the stu
dent cases.
* * #
Secret practice will continue on the
football field the rest of the week ex
cept Thursday, when the students will
have their last opportunity to see the
team in action before the day of the
Big Game.
♦ * *
As the means of obtaining luncheon
on the day of the game are likely to
prove inadequate to meet the demand,
the Faculty Club has decided to serve
a buffet luncheon. An invitation has
been sent to each member of the
faculty of the University of California.
♦ * *
Only five essays on the subject, "The
Ethics of Monopolistic Control of In
dustry" were submitted for the Bonn
heim prize contest. The rules of the
contest are that the five best essays
shall be announced later in the month,
and .that to those who present meri
torious compositions prizes of twenty
dollars each shall be awarded. Since
there were but five essays written, the
names' of the authors will be an
nounced, but the distribution of prizes
shall rest with the judges. If any of
the five essays is not satisfactory the
judges can limit the cash awards at
their discretion.
The total bills incurred by the Train
ing House Corporation in building the
new athletic field will amount to ap
proximately $16,000, of which $9,000
has already been paid. This total in
cludes the cost of the bleachers, the
grading and clearing necessary before
their construction, and the erection of
the training house.
* * *
A list of 170 candidates for gradua
tion for the year has been issued from
the Registrar's office.
* * *
John P. Poe, Jr., Neilson Poe, and
Chester Murphy have been selected as
the officials for the Big Game. The
Poes are both graduates of Princeton,
while Murphy graduated from Stanford
in '00.
+ * *
The board of directors of the Guild
Hospital have decided to continue their
policy of admitting outside patients as
well as students. Since college opened,
a report shows that there has been a
daily average of from eight to thirteen
student cases, and three outside cases.
On the whole the outside cases have
been much more serious than the stu
dent cases.
* * #
Secret practice will continue on the
football field the rest of the week ex
cept Thursday, when the students will
have their last opportunity to see the
team in action before the day of the
Big Game.
♦ * *
As the means of obtaining luncheon
on the day of the game are likely to
prove inadequate to meet the demand,
the Faculty Club has decided to serve
a buffet luncheon. An invitation has
been sent to each member of the
faculty of the University of California.
♦ * *
Only five essays on the subject, "The
Ethics of Monopolistic Control of In
dustry" were submitted for the Bonn
heim prize contest. The rules of the
contest are that the five best essays
shall be announced later in the month,
and .that to those who present meri
torious compositions prizes of twenty
dollars each shall be awarded. Since
there were but five essays written, the
names' of the authors will be an
nounced, but the distribution of prizes
shall rest with the judges. If any of
the five essays is not satisfactory the
judges can limit the cash awards at
their discretion.
The total bills incurred by the Train
ing House Corporation in building the
new athletic field will amount to ap
proximately $16,000, of which $9,000
has already been paid. This total in
cludes the cost of the bleachers, the
grading and clearing necessary before
their construction, and the erection of
the training house.
* * *
A list of 170 candidates for gradua
tion for the year has been issued from
the Registrar's office.
* * *
John P. Poe, Jr., Neilson Poe, and
Chester Murphy have been selected as
the officials for the Big Game. The
Poes are both graduates of Princeton,
while Murphy graduated from Stanford
in '00.
+ * *
The board of directors of the Guild
Hospital have decided to continue their
policy of admitting outside patients as
well as students. Since college opened,
a report shows that there has been a
daily average of from eight to thirteen
student cases, and three outside cases.
On the whole the outside cases have
been much more serious than the stu
dent cases.
* * #
Secret practice will continue on the
football field the rest of the week ex
cept Thursday, when the students will
have their last opportunity to see the
team in action before the day of the
Big Game.
♦ * *
As the means of obtaining luncheon
on the day of the game are likely to
prove inadequate to meet the demand,
the Faculty Club has decided to serve
a buffet luncheon. An invitation has
been sent to each member of the
faculty of the University of California.
♦ * *
Only five essays on the subject, "The
Ethics of Monopolistic Control of In
dustry" were submitted for the Bonn
heim prize contest. The rules of the
contest are that the five best essays
shall be announced later in the month,
and .that to those who present meri
torious compositions prizes of twenty
dollars each shall be awarded. Since
there were but five essays written, the
names' of the authors will be an
nounced, but the distribution of prizes
shall rest with the judges. If any of
the five essays is not satisfactory the
judges can limit the cash awards at
their discretion.
The total bills incurred by the Train
ing House Corporation in building the
new athletic field will amount to ap
proximately $16,000, of which $9,000
has already been paid. This total in
cludes the cost of the bleachers, the
grading and clearing necessary before
their construction, and the erection of
the training house.
* * *
A list of 170 candidates for gradua
tion for the year has been issued from
the Registrar's office.
* * *
John P. Poe, Jr., Neilson Poe, and
Chester Murphy have been selected as
the officials for the Big Game. The
Poes are both graduates of Princeton,
while Murphy graduated from Stanford
in '00.
+ * *
The board of directors of the Guild
Hospital have decided to continue their
policy of admitting outside patients as
well as students. Since college opened,
a report shows that there has been a
daily average of from eight to thirteen
student cases, and three outside cases.
On the whole the outside cases have
been much more serious than the stu
dent cases.
* * #
Secret practice will continue on the
football field the rest of the week ex
cept Thursday, when the students will
have their last opportunity to see the
team in action before the day of the
Big Game.
♦ * *
As the means of obtaining luncheon
on the day of the game are likely to
prove inadequate to meet the demand,
the Faculty Club has decided to serve
a buffet luncheon. An invitation has
been sent to each member of the
faculty of the University of California.
♦ * *
Only five essays on the subject, "The
Ethics of Monopolistic Control of In
dustry" were submitted for the Bonn
heim prize contest. The rules of the
contest are that the five best essays
shall be announced later in the month,
and .that to those who present meri
torious compositions prizes of twenty
dollars each shall be awarded. Since
there were but five essays written, the
names' of the authors will be an
nounced, but the distribution of prizes
shall rest with the judges. If any of
the five essays is not satisfactory the
judges can limit the cash awards at
their discretion.
The total bills incurred by the Train
ing House Corporation in building the
new athletic field will amount to ap
proximately $16,000, of which $9,000
has already been paid. This total in
cludes the cost of the bleachers, the
grading and clearing necessary before
their construction, and the erection of
the training house.
* * *
A list of 170 candidates for gradua
tion for the year has been issued from
the Registrar's office.
* * *
John P. Poe, Jr., Neilson Poe, and
Chester Murphy have been selected as
the officials for the Big Game. The
Poes are both graduates of Princeton,
while Murphy graduated from Stanford
in '00.
+ * *
The board of directors of the Guild
Hospital have decided to continue their
policy of admitting outside patients as
well as students. Since college opened,
a report shows that there has been a
daily average of from eight to thirteen
student cases, and three outside cases.
On the whole the outside cases have
been much more serious than the stu
dent cases.
* * #
Secret practice will continue on the
football field the rest of the week ex
cept Thursday, when the students will
have their last opportunity to see the
team in action before the day of the
Big Game.
♦ * *
As the means of obtaining luncheon
on the day of the game are likely to
prove inadequate to meet the demand,
the Faculty Club has decided to serve
a buffet luncheon. An invitation has
been sent to each member of the
faculty of the University of California.
♦ * *
Only five essays on the subject, "The
Ethics of Monopolistic Control of In
dustry" were submitted for the Bonn
heim prize contest. The rules of the
contest are that the five best essays
shall be announced later in the month,
and .that to those who present meri
torious compositions prizes of twenty
dollars each shall be awarded. Since
there were but five essays written, the
names' of the authors will be an
nounced, but the distribution of prizes
shall rest with the judges. If any of
the five essays is not satisfactory the
judges can limit the cash awards at
their discretion.
The total bills incurred by the Train
ing House Corporation in building the
new athletic field will amount to ap
proximately $16,000, of which $9,000
has already been paid. This total in
cludes the cost of the bleachers, the
grading and clearing necessary before
their construction, and the erection of
the training house.
* * *
A list of 170 candidates for gradua
tion for the year has been issued from
the Registrar's office.
* * *
John P. Poe, Jr., Neilson Poe, and
Chester Murphy have been selected as
the officials for the Big Game. The
Poes are both graduates of Princeton,
while Murphy graduated from Stanford
in '00.
+ * *
The board of directors of the Guild
Hospital have decided to continue their
policy of admitting outside patients as
well as students. Since college opened,
a report shows that there has been a
daily average of from eight to thirteen
student cases, and three outside cases.
On the whole the outside cases have
been much more serious than the stu
dent cases.
* * #
Secret practice will continue on the
football field the rest of the week ex
cept Thursday, when the students will
have their last opportunity to see the
team in action before the day of the
Big Game.
♦ * *
As the means of obtaining luncheon
on the day of the game are likely to
prove inadequate to meet the demand,
the Faculty Club has decided to serve
a buffet luncheon. An invitation has
been sent to each member of the
faculty of the University of California.
♦ * *
Only five essays on the subject, "The
Ethics of Monopolistic Control of In
dustry" were submitted for the Bonn
heim prize contest. The rules of the
contest are that the five best essays
shall be announced later in the month,
and .that to those who present meri
torious compositions prizes of twenty
dollars each shall be awarded. Since
there were but five essays written, the
names' of the authors will be an
nounced, but the distribution of prizes
shall rest with the judges. If any of
the five essays is not satisfactory the
judges can limit the cash awards at
their discretion.
The total bills incurred by the Train
ing House Corporation in building the
new athletic field will amount to ap
proximately $16,000, of which $9,000
has already been paid. This total in
cludes the cost of the bleachers, the
grading and clearing necessary before
their construction, and the erection of
the training house.
* * *
A list of 170 candidates for gradua
tion for the year has been issued from
the Registrar's office.
* * *
John P. Poe, Jr., Neilson Poe, and
Chester Murphy have been selected as
the officials for the Big Game. The
Poes are both graduates of Princeton,
while Murphy graduated from Stanford
in '00.
+ * *
The board of directors of the Guild
Hospital have decided to continue their
policy of admitting outside patients as
well as students. Since college opened,
a report shows that there has been a
daily average of from eight to thirteen
student cases, and three outside cases.
On the whole the outside cases have
been much more serious than the stu
dent cases.
* * #
Secret practice will continue on the
football field the rest of the week ex
cept Thursday, when the students will
have their last opportunity to see the
team in action before the day of the
Big Game.
♦ * *
As the means of obtaining luncheon
on the day of the game are likely to
prove inadequate to meet the demand,
the Faculty Club has decided to serve
a buffet luncheon. An invitation has
been sent to each member of the
faculty of the University of California.
♦ * *
Only five essays on the subject, "The
Ethics of Monopolistic Control of In
dustry" were submitted for the Bonn
heim prize contest. The rules of the
contest are that the five best essays
shall be announced later in the month,
and .that to those who present meri
torious compositions prizes of twenty
dollars each shall be awarded. Since
there were but five essays written, the
names' of the authors will be an
nounced, but the distribution of prizes
shall rest with the judges. If any of
the five essays is not satisfactory the
judges can limit the cash awards at
their discretion.
The total bills incurred by the Train
ing House Corporation in building the
new athletic field will amount to ap
proximately $16,000, of which $9,000
has already been paid. This total in
cludes the cost of the bleachers, the
grading and clearing necessary before
their construction, and the erection of
the training house.
* * *
A list of 170 candidates for gradua
tion for the year has been issued from
the Registrar's office.
* * *
John P. Poe, Jr., Neilson Poe, and
Chester Murphy have been selected as
the officials for the Big Game. The
Poes are both graduates of Princeton,
while Murphy graduated from Stanford
in '00.
+ * *
The board of directors of the Guild
Hospital have decided to continue their
policy of admitting outside patients as
well as students. Since college opened,
a report shows that there has been a
daily average of from eight to thirteen
student cases, and three outside cases.
On the whole the outside cases have
been much more serious than the stu
dent cases.
* * #
Secret practice will continue on the
football field the rest of the week ex
cept Thursday, when the students will
have their last opportunity to see the
team in action before the day of the
Big Game.
♦ * *
As the means of obtaining luncheon
on the day of the game are likely to
prove inadequate to meet the demand,
the Faculty Club has decided to serve
a buffet luncheon. An invitation has
been sent to each member of the
faculty of the University of California.
♦ * *
Only five essays on the subject, "The
Ethics of Monopolistic Control of In
dustry" were submitted for the Bonn
heim prize contest. The rules of the
contest are that the five best essays
shall be announced later in the month,
and .that to those who present meri
torious compositions prizes of twenty
dollars each shall be awarded. Since
there were but five essays written, the
names' of the authors will be an
nounced, but the distribution of prizes
shall rest with the judges. If any of
the five essays is not satisfactory the
judges can limit the cash awards at
their discretion.
The total bills incurred by the Train
ing House Corporation in building the
new athletic field will amount to ap
proximately $16,000, of which $9,000
has already been paid. This total in
cludes the cost of the bleachers, the
grading and clearing necessary before
their construction, and the erection of
the training house.
* * *
A list of 170 candidates for gradua
tion for the year has been issued from
the Registrar's office.
* * *
John P. Poe, Jr., Neilson Poe, and
Chester Murphy have been selected as
the officials for the Big Game. The
Poes are both graduates of Princeton,
while Murphy graduated from Stanford
in '00.
+ * *
The board of directors of the Guild
Hospital have decided to continue their
policy of admitting outside patients as
well as students. Since college opened,
a report shows that there has been a
daily average of from eight to thirteen
student cases, and three outside cases.
On the whole the outside cases have
been much more serious than the stu
dent cases.
* * #
Secret practice will continue on the
football field the rest of the week ex
cept Thursday, when the students will
have their last opportunity to see the
team in action before the day of the
Big Game.
♦ * *
As the means of obtaining luncheon
on the day of the game are likely to
prove inadequate to meet the demand,
the Faculty Club has decided to serve
a buffet luncheon. An invitation has
been sent to each member of the
faculty of the University of California.
♦ * *
Only five essays on the subject, "The
Ethics of Monopolistic Control of In
dustry" were submitted for the Bonn
heim prize contest. The rules of the
contest are that the five best essays
shall be announced later in the month,
and .that to those who present meri
torious compositions prizes of twenty
dollars each shall be awarded. Since
there were but five essays written, the
names' of the authors will be an
nounced, but the distribution of prizes
shall rest with the judges. If any of
the five essays is not satisfactory the
judges can limit the cash awards at
their discretion.
The total bills incurred by the Train
ing House Corporation in building the
new athletic field will amount to ap
proximately $16,000, of which $9,000
has already been paid. This total in
cludes the cost of the bleachers, the
grading and clearing necessary before
their construction, and the erection of
the training house.
* * *
A list of 170 candidates for gradua
tion for the year has been issued from
the Registrar's office.
* * *
John P. Poe, Jr., Neilson Poe, and
Chester Murphy have been selected as
the officials for the Big Game. The
Poes are both graduates of Princeton,
while Murphy graduated from Stanford
in '00.
+ * *
The board of directors of the Guild
Hospital have decided to continue their
policy of admitting outside patients as
well as students. Since college opened,
a report shows that there has been a
daily average of from eight to thirteen
student cases, and three outside cases.
On the whole the outside cases have
been much more serious than the stu
dent cases.
* * #
Secret practice will continue on the
football field the rest of the week ex
cept Thursday, when the students will
have their last opportunity to see the
team in action before the day of the
Big Game.
♦ * *
As the means of obtaining luncheon
on the day of the game are likely to
prove inadequate to meet the demand,
the Faculty Club has decided to serve
a buffet luncheon. An invitation has
been sent to each member of the
faculty of the University of California.
♦ * *
Only five essays on the subject, "The
Ethics of Monopolistic Control of In
dustry" were submitted for the Bonn
heim prize contest. The rules of the
contest are that the five best essays
shall be announced later in the month,
and .that to those who present meri
torious compositions prizes of twenty
dollars each shall be awarded. Since
there were but five essays written, the
names' of the authors will be an
nounced, but the distribution of prizes
shall rest with the judges. If any of
the five essays is not satisfactory the
judges can limit the cash awards at
their discretion.
The total bills incurred by the Train
ing House Corporation in building the
new athletic field will amount to ap
proximately $16,000, of which $9,000
has already been paid. This total in
cludes the cost of the bleachers, the
grading and clearing necessary before
their construction, and the erection of
the training house.
* * *
A list of 170 candidates for gradua
tion for the year has been issued from
the Registrar's office.
* * *
John P. Poe, Jr., Neilson Poe, and
Chester Murphy have been selected as
the officials for the Big Game. The
Poes are both graduates of Princeton,
while Murphy graduated from Stanford
in '00.
+ * *
The board of directors of the Guild
Hospital have decided to continue their
policy of admitting outside patients as
well as students. Since college opened,
a report shows that there has been a
daily average of from eight to thirteen
student cases, and three outside cases.
On the whole the outside cases have
been much more serious than the stu
dent cases.
* * #
Secret practice will continue on the
football field the rest of the week ex
cept Thursday, when the students will
have their last opportunity to see the
team in action before the day of the
Big Game.
♦ * *
As the means of obtaining luncheon
on the day of the game are likely to
prove inadequate to meet the demand,
the Faculty Club has decided to serve
a buffet luncheon. An invitation has
been sent to each member of the
faculty of the University of California.
♦ * *
Only five essays on the subject, "The
Ethics of Monopolistic Control of In
dustry" were submitted for the Bonn
heim prize contest. The rules of the
contest are that the five best essays
shall be announced later in the month,
and .that to those who present meri
torious compositions prizes of twenty
dollars each shall be awarded. Since
there were but five essays written, the
names' of the authors will be an
nounced, but the distribution of prizes
shall rest with the judges. If any of
the five essays is not satisfactory the
judges can limit the cash awards at
their discretion.
The total bills incurred by the Train
ing House Corporation in building the
new athletic field will amount to ap
proximately $16,000, of which $9,000
has already been paid. This total in
cludes the cost of the bleachers, the
grading and clearing necessary before
their construction, and the erection of
the training house.
* * *
A list of 170 candidates for gradua
tion for the year has been issued from
the Registrar's office.
* * *
John P. Poe, Jr., Neilson Poe, and
Chester Murphy have been selected as
the officials for the Big Game. The
Poes are both graduates of Princeton,
while Murphy graduated from Stanford
in '00.
+ * *
The board of directors of the Guild
Hospital have decided to continue their
policy of admitting outside patients as
well as students. Since college opened,
a report shows that there has been a
daily average of from eight to thirteen
student cases, and three outside cases.
On the whole the outside cases have
been much more serious than the stu
dent cases.
* * #
Secret practice will continue on the
football field the rest of the week ex
cept Thursday, when the students will
have their last opportunity to see the
team in action before the day of the
Big Game.
♦ * *
As the means of obtaining luncheon
on the day of the game are likely to
prove inadequate to meet the demand,
the Faculty Club has decided to serve
a buffet luncheon. An invitation has
been sent to each member of the
faculty of the University of California.
♦ * *
Only five essays on the subject, "The
Ethics of Monopolistic Control of In
dustry" were submitted for the Bonn
heim prize contest. The rules of the
contest are that the five best essays
shall be announced later in the month,
and .that to those who present meri
torious compositions prizes of twenty
dollars each shall be awarded. Since
there were but five essays written, the
names' of the authors will be an
nounced, but the distribution of prizes
shall rest with the judges. If any of
the five essays is not satisfactory the
judges can limit the cash awards at
their discretion.
