# Adv. 16 Page 4
## 
### 
The Daily Entertainment
Spectrum appears each
Thursday and covers events
for the following week. All
submissions should be
received by the entertainment
editors by noon on the
Tuesday before the date of
publication.
The Daily Entertainment
Spectrum appears each
Thursday and covers events
for the following week. All
submissions should be
received by the entertainment
editors by noon on the
Tuesday before the date of
publication.
The Daily Entertainment
Spectrum appears each
Thursday and covers events
for the following week. All
submissions should be
received by the entertainment
editors by noon on the
Tuesday before the date of
publication.
The Daily Entertainment
Spectrum appears each
Thursday and covers events
for the following week. All
submissions should be
received by the entertainment
editors by noon on the
Tuesday before the date of
publication.
The Daily Entertainment
Spectrum appears each
Thursday and covers events
for the following week. All
submissions should be
received by the entertainment
editors by noon on the
Tuesday before the date of
publication.
The Daily Entertainment
Spectrum appears each
Thursday and covers events
for the following week. All
submissions should be
received by the entertainment
editors by noon on the
Tuesday before the date of
publication.
The Daily Entertainment
Spectrum appears each
Thursday and covers events
for the following week. All
submissions should be
received by the entertainment
editors by noon on the
Tuesday before the date of
publication.
The Daily Entertainment
Spectrum appears each
Thursday and covers events
for the following week. All
submissions should be
received by the entertainment
editors by noon on the
Tuesday before the date of
publication.
The Daily Entertainment
Spectrum appears each
Thursday and covers events
for the following week. All
submissions should be
received by the entertainment
editors by noon on the
Tuesday before the date of
publication.
The Daily Entertainment
Spectrum appears each
Thursday and covers events
for the following week. All
submissions should be
received by the entertainment
editors by noon on the
Tuesday before the date of
publication.
The Daily Entertainment
Spectrum appears each
Thursday and covers events
for the following week. All
submissions should be
received by the entertainment
editors by noon on the
Tuesday before the date of
publication.
The Daily Entertainment
Spectrum appears each
Thursday and covers events
for the following week. All
submissions should be
received by the entertainment
editors by noon on the
Tuesday before the date of
publication.
The Daily Entertainment
Spectrum appears each
Thursday and covers events
for the following week. All
submissions should be
received by the entertainment
editors by noon on the
Tuesday before the date of
publication.
The Daily Entertainment
Spectrum appears each
Thursday and covers events
for the following week. All
submissions should be
received by the entertainment
editors by noon on the
Tuesday before the date of
publication.
The Daily Entertainment
Spectrum appears each
Thursday and covers events
for the following week. All
submissions should be
received by the entertainment
editors by noon on the
Tuesday before the date of
publication.
