# Adv. 19 Page 4
## 
### 
INTERESTED IN
SHOW BUSINESS?
Earn money in your spare
time by acting as Stanford
campus representative for
a leading San Francisco
theatrical agency. Sopho
more or junior preferred.
For details write
Box 2773
Slanford University
INTERESTED IN
SHOW BUSINESS?
Earn money in your spare
time by acting as Stanford
campus representative for
a leading San Francisco
theatrical agency. Sopho
more or junior preferred.
For details write
Box 2773
Slanford University
INTERESTED IN
SHOW BUSINESS?
Earn money in your spare
time by acting as Stanford
campus representative for
a leading San Francisco
theatrical agency. Sopho
more or junior preferred.
For details write
Box 2773
Slanford University
INTERESTED IN
SHOW BUSINESS?
Earn money in your spare
time by acting as Stanford
campus representative for
a leading San Francisco
theatrical agency. Sopho
more or junior preferred.
For details write
Box 2773
Slanford University
INTERESTED IN
SHOW BUSINESS?
Earn money in your spare
time by acting as Stanford
campus representative for
a leading San Francisco
theatrical agency. Sopho
more or junior preferred.
For details write
Box 2773
Slanford University
INTERESTED IN
SHOW BUSINESS?
Earn money in your spare
time by acting as Stanford
campus representative for
a leading San Francisco
theatrical agency. Sopho
more or junior preferred.
For details write
Box 2773
Slanford University
INTERESTED IN
SHOW BUSINESS?
Earn money in your spare
time by acting as Stanford
campus representative for
a leading San Francisco
theatrical agency. Sopho
more or junior preferred.
For details write
Box 2773
Slanford University
INTERESTED IN
SHOW BUSINESS?
Earn money in your spare
time by acting as Stanford
campus representative for
a leading San Francisco
theatrical agency. Sopho
more or junior preferred.
For details write
Box 2773
Slanford University
INTERESTED IN
SHOW BUSINESS?
Earn money in your spare
time by acting as Stanford
campus representative for
a leading San Francisco
theatrical agency. Sopho
more or junior preferred.
For details write
Box 2773
Slanford University
INTERESTED IN
SHOW BUSINESS?
Earn money in your spare
time by acting as Stanford
campus representative for
a leading San Francisco
theatrical agency. Sopho
more or junior preferred.
For details write
Box 2773
Slanford University
INTERESTED IN
SHOW BUSINESS?
Earn money in your spare
time by acting as Stanford
campus representative for
a leading San Francisco
theatrical agency. Sopho
more or junior preferred.
For details write
Box 2773
Slanford University
INTERESTED IN
SHOW BUSINESS?
Earn money in your spare
time by acting as Stanford
campus representative for
a leading San Francisco
theatrical agency. Sopho
more or junior preferred.
For details write
Box 2773
Slanford University
INTERESTED IN
SHOW BUSINESS?
Earn money in your spare
time by acting as Stanford
campus representative for
a leading San Francisco
theatrical agency. Sopho
more or junior preferred.
For details write
Box 2773
Slanford University
INTERESTED IN
SHOW BUSINESS?
Earn money in your spare
time by acting as Stanford
campus representative for
a leading San Francisco
theatrical agency. Sopho
more or junior preferred.
For details write
Box 2773
Slanford University
INTERESTED IN
SHOW BUSINESS?
Earn money in your spare
time by acting as Stanford
campus representative for
a leading San Francisco
theatrical agency. Sopho
more or junior preferred.
For details write
Box 2773
Slanford University
