# Women to Tell Group's Aims
## 
### 
Women's Conference will hold a
panel disenssion to explain its or
ganizational functions today at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Woman's Clubhouse.
Mary Martin will act as chairman
and speakers will include Jody
Giese, Mary Ann Eckstrom, Carol
Kellogg, and Millie Edwards, said
Conference chairman Betty Davies.
The discussion will explain to the
newly elected members of Confer
ence what duties the group has to
fulfill.
A diagram will be shown to il
lustrate Conference's place in stu
dent government at Stanford, Miss
Davies said.
The overall purpose of Confer
ence is to further the interests of
women students, she said, and new
members will be asked for sugges
tions concerning other aims and
purposes for the group in a general
discussion following the talks.
Women's Conference will hold a
panel disenssion to explain its or
ganizational functions today at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Woman's Clubhouse.
Mary Martin will act as chairman
and speakers will include Jody
Giese, Mary Ann Eckstrom, Carol
Kellogg, and Millie Edwards, said
Conference chairman Betty Davies.
The discussion will explain to the
newly elected members of Confer
ence what duties the group has to
fulfill.
A diagram will be shown to il
lustrate Conference's place in stu
dent government at Stanford, Miss
Davies said.
The overall purpose of Confer
ence is to further the interests of
women students, she said, and new
members will be asked for sugges
tions concerning other aims and
purposes for the group in a general
discussion following the talks.
Women's Conference will hold a
panel disenssion to explain its or
ganizational functions today at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Woman's Clubhouse.
Mary Martin will act as chairman
and speakers will include Jody
Giese, Mary Ann Eckstrom, Carol
Kellogg, and Millie Edwards, said
Conference chairman Betty Davies.
The discussion will explain to the
newly elected members of Confer
ence what duties the group has to
fulfill.
A diagram will be shown to il
lustrate Conference's place in stu
dent government at Stanford, Miss
Davies said.
The overall purpose of Confer
ence is to further the interests of
women students, she said, and new
members will be asked for sugges
tions concerning other aims and
purposes for the group in a general
discussion following the talks.
Women's Conference will hold a
panel disenssion to explain its or
ganizational functions today at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Woman's Clubhouse.
Mary Martin will act as chairman
and speakers will include Jody
Giese, Mary Ann Eckstrom, Carol
Kellogg, and Millie Edwards, said
Conference chairman Betty Davies.
The discussion will explain to the
newly elected members of Confer
ence what duties the group has to
fulfill.
A diagram will be shown to il
lustrate Conference's place in stu
dent government at Stanford, Miss
Davies said.
The overall purpose of Confer
ence is to further the interests of
women students, she said, and new
members will be asked for sugges
tions concerning other aims and
purposes for the group in a general
discussion following the talks.
Women's Conference will hold a
panel disenssion to explain its or
ganizational functions today at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Woman's Clubhouse.
Mary Martin will act as chairman
and speakers will include Jody
Giese, Mary Ann Eckstrom, Carol
Kellogg, and Millie Edwards, said
Conference chairman Betty Davies.
The discussion will explain to the
newly elected members of Confer
ence what duties the group has to
fulfill.
A diagram will be shown to il
lustrate Conference's place in stu
dent government at Stanford, Miss
Davies said.
The overall purpose of Confer
ence is to further the interests of
women students, she said, and new
members will be asked for sugges
tions concerning other aims and
purposes for the group in a general
discussion following the talks.
Women's Conference will hold a
panel disenssion to explain its or
ganizational functions today at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Woman's Clubhouse.
Mary Martin will act as chairman
and speakers will include Jody
Giese, Mary Ann Eckstrom, Carol
Kellogg, and Millie Edwards, said
Conference chairman Betty Davies.
The discussion will explain to the
newly elected members of Confer
ence what duties the group has to
fulfill.
A diagram will be shown to il
lustrate Conference's place in stu
dent government at Stanford, Miss
Davies said.
The overall purpose of Confer
ence is to further the interests of
women students, she said, and new
members will be asked for sugges
tions concerning other aims and
purposes for the group in a general
discussion following the talks.
Women's Conference will hold a
panel disenssion to explain its or
ganizational functions today at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Woman's Clubhouse.
Mary Martin will act as chairman
and speakers will include Jody
Giese, Mary Ann Eckstrom, Carol
Kellogg, and Millie Edwards, said
Conference chairman Betty Davies.
The discussion will explain to the
newly elected members of Confer
ence what duties the group has to
fulfill.
A diagram will be shown to il
lustrate Conference's place in stu
dent government at Stanford, Miss
Davies said.
The overall purpose of Confer
ence is to further the interests of
women students, she said, and new
members will be asked for sugges
tions concerning other aims and
purposes for the group in a general
discussion following the talks.
Women's Conference will hold a
panel disenssion to explain its or
ganizational functions today at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Woman's Clubhouse.
Mary Martin will act as chairman
and speakers will include Jody
Giese, Mary Ann Eckstrom, Carol
Kellogg, and Millie Edwards, said
Conference chairman Betty Davies.
The discussion will explain to the
newly elected members of Confer
ence what duties the group has to
fulfill.
A diagram will be shown to il
lustrate Conference's place in stu
dent government at Stanford, Miss
Davies said.
The overall purpose of Confer
ence is to further the interests of
women students, she said, and new
members will be asked for sugges
tions concerning other aims and
purposes for the group in a general
discussion following the talks.
Women's Conference will hold a
panel disenssion to explain its or
ganizational functions today at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Woman's Clubhouse.
Mary Martin will act as chairman
and speakers will include Jody
Giese, Mary Ann Eckstrom, Carol
Kellogg, and Millie Edwards, said
Conference chairman Betty Davies.
The discussion will explain to the
newly elected members of Confer
ence what duties the group has to
fulfill.
A diagram will be shown to il
lustrate Conference's place in stu
dent government at Stanford, Miss
Davies said.
The overall purpose of Confer
ence is to further the interests of
women students, she said, and new
members will be asked for sugges
tions concerning other aims and
purposes for the group in a general
discussion following the talks.
Women's Conference will hold a
panel disenssion to explain its or
ganizational functions today at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Woman's Clubhouse.
Mary Martin will act as chairman
and speakers will include Jody
Giese, Mary Ann Eckstrom, Carol
Kellogg, and Millie Edwards, said
Conference chairman Betty Davies.
The discussion will explain to the
newly elected members of Confer
ence what duties the group has to
fulfill.
A diagram will be shown to il
lustrate Conference's place in stu
dent government at Stanford, Miss
Davies said.
The overall purpose of Confer
ence is to further the interests of
women students, she said, and new
members will be asked for sugges
tions concerning other aims and
purposes for the group in a general
discussion following the talks.
Women's Conference will hold a
panel disenssion to explain its or
ganizational functions today at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Woman's Clubhouse.
Mary Martin will act as chairman
and speakers will include Jody
Giese, Mary Ann Eckstrom, Carol
Kellogg, and Millie Edwards, said
Conference chairman Betty Davies.
The discussion will explain to the
newly elected members of Confer
ence what duties the group has to
fulfill.
A diagram will be shown to il
lustrate Conference's place in stu
dent government at Stanford, Miss
Davies said.
The overall purpose of Confer
ence is to further the interests of
women students, she said, and new
members will be asked for sugges
tions concerning other aims and
purposes for the group in a general
discussion following the talks.
Women's Conference will hold a
panel disenssion to explain its or
ganizational functions today at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Woman's Clubhouse.
Mary Martin will act as chairman
and speakers will include Jody
Giese, Mary Ann Eckstrom, Carol
Kellogg, and Millie Edwards, said
Conference chairman Betty Davies.
The discussion will explain to the
newly elected members of Confer
ence what duties the group has to
fulfill.
A diagram will be shown to il
lustrate Conference's place in stu
dent government at Stanford, Miss
Davies said.
The overall purpose of Confer
ence is to further the interests of
women students, she said, and new
members will be asked for sugges
tions concerning other aims and
purposes for the group in a general
discussion following the talks.
Women's Conference will hold a
panel disenssion to explain its or
ganizational functions today at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Woman's Clubhouse.
Mary Martin will act as chairman
and speakers will include Jody
Giese, Mary Ann Eckstrom, Carol
Kellogg, and Millie Edwards, said
Conference chairman Betty Davies.
The discussion will explain to the
newly elected members of Confer
ence what duties the group has to
fulfill.
A diagram will be shown to il
lustrate Conference's place in stu
dent government at Stanford, Miss
Davies said.
The overall purpose of Confer
ence is to further the interests of
women students, she said, and new
members will be asked for sugges
tions concerning other aims and
purposes for the group in a general
discussion following the talks.
Women's Conference will hold a
panel disenssion to explain its or
ganizational functions today at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Woman's Clubhouse.
Mary Martin will act as chairman
and speakers will include Jody
Giese, Mary Ann Eckstrom, Carol
Kellogg, and Millie Edwards, said
Conference chairman Betty Davies.
The discussion will explain to the
newly elected members of Confer
ence what duties the group has to
fulfill.
A diagram will be shown to il
lustrate Conference's place in stu
dent government at Stanford, Miss
Davies said.
The overall purpose of Confer
ence is to further the interests of
women students, she said, and new
members will be asked for sugges
tions concerning other aims and
purposes for the group in a general
discussion following the talks.
Women's Conference will hold a
panel disenssion to explain its or
ganizational functions today at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Woman's Clubhouse.
Mary Martin will act as chairman
and speakers will include Jody
Giese, Mary Ann Eckstrom, Carol
Kellogg, and Millie Edwards, said
Conference chairman Betty Davies.
The discussion will explain to the
newly elected members of Confer
ence what duties the group has to
fulfill.
A diagram will be shown to il
lustrate Conference's place in stu
dent government at Stanford, Miss
Davies said.
The overall purpose of Confer
ence is to further the interests of
women students, she said, and new
members will be asked for sugges
tions concerning other aims and
purposes for the group in a general
discussion following the talks.
