# Adv. 18 Page 5
## 
### 
DATSUN SAVES
41 inpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-uscd-flcct-lcasc
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 inpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-uscd-flcct-lcasc
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 inpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-uscd-flcct-lcasc
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 inpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-uscd-flcct-lcasc
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 inpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-uscd-flcct-lcasc
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 inpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-uscd-flcct-lcasc
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 inpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-uscd-flcct-lcasc
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 inpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-uscd-flcct-lcasc
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 inpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-uscd-flcct-lcasc
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 inpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-uscd-flcct-lcasc
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 inpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-uscd-flcct-lcasc
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 inpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-uscd-flcct-lcasc
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 inpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-uscd-flcct-lcasc
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 inpg
b-210 4 spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-uscd-flcct-lcasc
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
