# Search ends
## 
### 
The FBI has finished its search
of the Reagan campaign and
transition archives housed at the
Hoover Institution.
Acting Archivist Charles Palm
confirmed yesterday that the 10
agents completed their search
last Friday.
The agents were looking for
any papers from the collection
that might have come from the
1980 Carter campaign. Hoover
archivists began the search late
in June, but the FBI took over
July 13.
The FBI has finished its search
of the Reagan campaign and
transition archives housed at the
Hoover Institution.
Acting Archivist Charles Palm
confirmed yesterday that the 10
agents completed their search
last Friday.
The agents were looking for
any papers from the collection
that might have come from the
1980 Carter campaign. Hoover
archivists began the search late
in June, but the FBI took over
July 13.
The FBI has finished its search
of the Reagan campaign and
transition archives housed at the
Hoover Institution.
Acting Archivist Charles Palm
confirmed yesterday that the 10
agents completed their search
last Friday.
The agents were looking for
any papers from the collection
that might have come from the
1980 Carter campaign. Hoover
archivists began the search late
in June, but the FBI took over
July 13.
The FBI has finished its search
of the Reagan campaign and
transition archives housed at the
Hoover Institution.
Acting Archivist Charles Palm
confirmed yesterday that the 10
agents completed their search
last Friday.
The agents were looking for
any papers from the collection
that might have come from the
1980 Carter campaign. Hoover
archivists began the search late
in June, but the FBI took over
July 13.
The FBI has finished its search
of the Reagan campaign and
transition archives housed at the
Hoover Institution.
Acting Archivist Charles Palm
confirmed yesterday that the 10
agents completed their search
last Friday.
The agents were looking for
any papers from the collection
that might have come from the
1980 Carter campaign. Hoover
archivists began the search late
in June, but the FBI took over
July 13.
The FBI has finished its search
of the Reagan campaign and
transition archives housed at the
Hoover Institution.
Acting Archivist Charles Palm
confirmed yesterday that the 10
agents completed their search
last Friday.
The agents were looking for
any papers from the collection
that might have come from the
1980 Carter campaign. Hoover
archivists began the search late
in June, but the FBI took over
July 13.
The FBI has finished its search
of the Reagan campaign and
transition archives housed at the
Hoover Institution.
Acting Archivist Charles Palm
confirmed yesterday that the 10
agents completed their search
last Friday.
The agents were looking for
any papers from the collection
that might have come from the
1980 Carter campaign. Hoover
archivists began the search late
in June, but the FBI took over
July 13.
