# Outler to Speak At Sunday Service
## 
### 
The last Memorial Church service
during summer quarter will be lie let
Sunday at 11 a.m. Guest speaker
will be the Rev. Albert C. Outler,
trom Perkins School of Theology,
Southern Methodist University, Dal
las, Texas. He will speak on "The
Source ot' Christian Courage."
Assisting in the service will be the
Rev. David Romeis.
The final organ recital of the
quarter will be held at 4 p.m. Sun
day. The choir will assist Herbert B.
Nanney.
The last Memorial Church service
during summer quarter will be lie let
Sunday at 11 a.m. Guest speaker
will be the Rev. Albert C. Outler,
trom Perkins School of Theology,
Southern Methodist University, Dal
las, Texas. He will speak on "The
Source ot' Christian Courage."
Assisting in the service will be the
Rev. David Romeis.
The final organ recital of the
quarter will be held at 4 p.m. Sun
day. The choir will assist Herbert B.
Nanney.
The last Memorial Church service
during summer quarter will be lie let
Sunday at 11 a.m. Guest speaker
will be the Rev. Albert C. Outler,
trom Perkins School of Theology,
Southern Methodist University, Dal
las, Texas. He will speak on "The
Source ot' Christian Courage."
Assisting in the service will be the
Rev. David Romeis.
The final organ recital of the
quarter will be held at 4 p.m. Sun
day. The choir will assist Herbert B.
Nanney.
The last Memorial Church service
during summer quarter will be lie let
Sunday at 11 a.m. Guest speaker
will be the Rev. Albert C. Outler,
trom Perkins School of Theology,
Southern Methodist University, Dal
las, Texas. He will speak on "The
Source ot' Christian Courage."
Assisting in the service will be the
Rev. David Romeis.
The final organ recital of the
quarter will be held at 4 p.m. Sun
day. The choir will assist Herbert B.
Nanney.
The last Memorial Church service
during summer quarter will be lie let
Sunday at 11 a.m. Guest speaker
will be the Rev. Albert C. Outler,
trom Perkins School of Theology,
Southern Methodist University, Dal
las, Texas. He will speak on "The
Source ot' Christian Courage."
Assisting in the service will be the
Rev. David Romeis.
The final organ recital of the
quarter will be held at 4 p.m. Sun
day. The choir will assist Herbert B.
Nanney.
The last Memorial Church service
during summer quarter will be lie let
Sunday at 11 a.m. Guest speaker
will be the Rev. Albert C. Outler,
trom Perkins School of Theology,
Southern Methodist University, Dal
las, Texas. He will speak on "The
Source ot' Christian Courage."
Assisting in the service will be the
Rev. David Romeis.
The final organ recital of the
quarter will be held at 4 p.m. Sun
day. The choir will assist Herbert B.
Nanney.
The last Memorial Church service
during summer quarter will be lie let
Sunday at 11 a.m. Guest speaker
will be the Rev. Albert C. Outler,
trom Perkins School of Theology,
Southern Methodist University, Dal
las, Texas. He will speak on "The
Source ot' Christian Courage."
Assisting in the service will be the
Rev. David Romeis.
The final organ recital of the
quarter will be held at 4 p.m. Sun
day. The choir will assist Herbert B.
Nanney.
The last Memorial Church service
during summer quarter will be lie let
Sunday at 11 a.m. Guest speaker
will be the Rev. Albert C. Outler,
trom Perkins School of Theology,
Southern Methodist University, Dal
las, Texas. He will speak on "The
Source ot' Christian Courage."
Assisting in the service will be the
Rev. David Romeis.
The final organ recital of the
quarter will be held at 4 p.m. Sun
day. The choir will assist Herbert B.
Nanney.
The last Memorial Church service
during summer quarter will be lie let
Sunday at 11 a.m. Guest speaker
will be the Rev. Albert C. Outler,
trom Perkins School of Theology,
Southern Methodist University, Dal
las, Texas. He will speak on "The
Source ot' Christian Courage."
Assisting in the service will be the
Rev. David Romeis.
The final organ recital of the
quarter will be held at 4 p.m. Sun
day. The choir will assist Herbert B.
Nanney.
The last Memorial Church service
during summer quarter will be lie let
Sunday at 11 a.m. Guest speaker
will be the Rev. Albert C. Outler,
trom Perkins School of Theology,
Southern Methodist University, Dal
las, Texas. He will speak on "The
Source ot' Christian Courage."
Assisting in the service will be the
Rev. David Romeis.
The final organ recital of the
quarter will be held at 4 p.m. Sun
day. The choir will assist Herbert B.
Nanney.
The last Memorial Church service
during summer quarter will be lie let
Sunday at 11 a.m. Guest speaker
will be the Rev. Albert C. Outler,
trom Perkins School of Theology,
Southern Methodist University, Dal
las, Texas. He will speak on "The
Source ot' Christian Courage."
Assisting in the service will be the
Rev. David Romeis.
The final organ recital of the
quarter will be held at 4 p.m. Sun
day. The choir will assist Herbert B.
Nanney.
The last Memorial Church service
during summer quarter will be lie let
Sunday at 11 a.m. Guest speaker
will be the Rev. Albert C. Outler,
trom Perkins School of Theology,
Southern Methodist University, Dal
las, Texas. He will speak on "The
Source ot' Christian Courage."
Assisting in the service will be the
Rev. David Romeis.
The final organ recital of the
quarter will be held at 4 p.m. Sun
day. The choir will assist Herbert B.
Nanney.
The last Memorial Church service
during summer quarter will be lie let
Sunday at 11 a.m. Guest speaker
will be the Rev. Albert C. Outler,
trom Perkins School of Theology,
Southern Methodist University, Dal
las, Texas. He will speak on "The
Source ot' Christian Courage."
Assisting in the service will be the
Rev. David Romeis.
The final organ recital of the
quarter will be held at 4 p.m. Sun
day. The choir will assist Herbert B.
Nanney.
The last Memorial Church service
during summer quarter will be lie let
Sunday at 11 a.m. Guest speaker
will be the Rev. Albert C. Outler,
trom Perkins School of Theology,
Southern Methodist University, Dal
las, Texas. He will speak on "The
Source ot' Christian Courage."
Assisting in the service will be the
Rev. David Romeis.
The final organ recital of the
quarter will be held at 4 p.m. Sun
day. The choir will assist Herbert B.
Nanney.
