# Lag Coffee Hour
## 
### 
Lagunita Court will hold an all
campus coflfee hour Sunday night
from 8 to 10. There will be dancing,
and refreshmatlW» will be served.
Lagunita Court will hold an all
campus coflfee hour Sunday night
from 8 to 10. There will be dancing,
and refreshmatlW» will be served.
Lagunita Court will hold an all
campus coflfee hour Sunday night
from 8 to 10. There will be dancing,
and refreshmatlW» will be served.
Lagunita Court will hold an all
campus coflfee hour Sunday night
from 8 to 10. There will be dancing,
and refreshmatlW» will be served.
Lagunita Court will hold an all
campus coflfee hour Sunday night
from 8 to 10. There will be dancing,
and refreshmatlW» will be served.
Lagunita Court will hold an all
campus coflfee hour Sunday night
from 8 to 10. There will be dancing,
and refreshmatlW» will be served.
Lagunita Court will hold an all
campus coflfee hour Sunday night
from 8 to 10. There will be dancing,
and refreshmatlW» will be served.
Lagunita Court will hold an all
campus coflfee hour Sunday night
from 8 to 10. There will be dancing,
and refreshmatlW» will be served.
Lagunita Court will hold an all
campus coflfee hour Sunday night
from 8 to 10. There will be dancing,
and refreshmatlW» will be served.
Lagunita Court will hold an all
campus coflfee hour Sunday night
from 8 to 10. There will be dancing,
and refreshmatlW» will be served.
Lagunita Court will hold an all
campus coflfee hour Sunday night
from 8 to 10. There will be dancing,
and refreshmatlW» will be served.
Lagunita Court will hold an all
campus coflfee hour Sunday night
from 8 to 10. There will be dancing,
and refreshmatlW» will be served.
Lagunita Court will hold an all
campus coflfee hour Sunday night
from 8 to 10. There will be dancing,
and refreshmatlW» will be served.
Lagunita Court will hold an all
campus coflfee hour Sunday night
from 8 to 10. There will be dancing,
and refreshmatlW» will be served.
