# History Honor Society Holds Picnic Today
## 
### 
Today at 5 p.m. Phi Alpha Theta,
history honor society, will host grad
uate and faculty members of the
History Department and their fami
lies at a picnic.
The picnic will Vie held at Flood
Park, located on Bayshore Highway
just north of Palo Alto. Coffee will
be provided.
Today at 5 p.m. Phi Alpha Theta,
history honor society, will host grad
uate and faculty members of the
History Department and their fami
lies at a picnic.
The picnic will Vie held at Flood
Park, located on Bayshore Highway
just north of Palo Alto. Coffee will
be provided.
Today at 5 p.m. Phi Alpha Theta,
history honor society, will host grad
uate and faculty members of the
History Department and their fami
lies at a picnic.
The picnic will Vie held at Flood
Park, located on Bayshore Highway
just north of Palo Alto. Coffee will
be provided.
Today at 5 p.m. Phi Alpha Theta,
history honor society, will host grad
uate and faculty members of the
History Department and their fami
lies at a picnic.
The picnic will Vie held at Flood
Park, located on Bayshore Highway
just north of Palo Alto. Coffee will
be provided.
Today at 5 p.m. Phi Alpha Theta,
history honor society, will host grad
uate and faculty members of the
History Department and their fami
lies at a picnic.
The picnic will Vie held at Flood
Park, located on Bayshore Highway
just north of Palo Alto. Coffee will
be provided.
Today at 5 p.m. Phi Alpha Theta,
history honor society, will host grad
uate and faculty members of the
History Department and their fami
lies at a picnic.
The picnic will Vie held at Flood
Park, located on Bayshore Highway
just north of Palo Alto. Coffee will
be provided.
Today at 5 p.m. Phi Alpha Theta,
history honor society, will host grad
uate and faculty members of the
History Department and their fami
lies at a picnic.
The picnic will Vie held at Flood
Park, located on Bayshore Highway
just north of Palo Alto. Coffee will
be provided.
Today at 5 p.m. Phi Alpha Theta,
history honor society, will host grad
uate and faculty members of the
History Department and their fami
lies at a picnic.
The picnic will Vie held at Flood
Park, located on Bayshore Highway
just north of Palo Alto. Coffee will
be provided.
Today at 5 p.m. Phi Alpha Theta,
history honor society, will host grad
uate and faculty members of the
History Department and their fami
lies at a picnic.
The picnic will Vie held at Flood
Park, located on Bayshore Highway
just north of Palo Alto. Coffee will
be provided.
Today at 5 p.m. Phi Alpha Theta,
history honor society, will host grad
uate and faculty members of the
History Department and their fami
lies at a picnic.
The picnic will Vie held at Flood
Park, located on Bayshore Highway
just north of Palo Alto. Coffee will
be provided.
Today at 5 p.m. Phi Alpha Theta,
history honor society, will host grad
uate and faculty members of the
History Department and their fami
lies at a picnic.
The picnic will Vie held at Flood
Park, located on Bayshore Highway
just north of Palo Alto. Coffee will
be provided.
Today at 5 p.m. Phi Alpha Theta,
history honor society, will host grad
uate and faculty members of the
History Department and their fami
lies at a picnic.
The picnic will Vie held at Flood
Park, located on Bayshore Highway
just north of Palo Alto. Coffee will
be provided.
Today at 5 p.m. Phi Alpha Theta,
history honor society, will host grad
uate and faculty members of the
History Department and their fami
lies at a picnic.
The picnic will Vie held at Flood
Park, located on Bayshore Highway
just north of Palo Alto. Coffee will
be provided.
Today at 5 p.m. Phi Alpha Theta,
history honor society, will host grad
uate and faculty members of the
History Department and their fami
lies at a picnic.
The picnic will Vie held at Flood
Park, located on Bayshore Highway
just north of Palo Alto. Coffee will
be provided.
