# Leighton Returns From Convention
## 
### 
Professor Philip Leighton, head of
the Department of Chemistry, re
turned to Stanford Monday after
attending the 101 st semi-annual
meeting of the American Chemical
Association at St. Louis, Mo. Ex
pected back in the near future are
Professors J. W. Mcßain and Carl R.
Noller.
Dr. Robert Void, research asso
ciate, presented a paper at the meet
ing on anyhydrous sodium soaps. Dr.
Noller gave a report on the work
done by him and K. Ladenburg on
derivatives of soapy plants found in
the California foothills.
Professor Philip Leighton, head of
the Department of Chemistry, re
turned to Stanford Monday after
attending the 101 st semi-annual
meeting of the American Chemical
Association at St. Louis, Mo. Ex
pected back in the near future are
Professors J. W. Mcßain and Carl R.
Noller.
Dr. Robert Void, research asso
ciate, presented a paper at the meet
ing on anyhydrous sodium soaps. Dr.
Noller gave a report on the work
done by him and K. Ladenburg on
derivatives of soapy plants found in
the California foothills.
Professor Philip Leighton, head of
the Department of Chemistry, re
turned to Stanford Monday after
attending the 101 st semi-annual
meeting of the American Chemical
Association at St. Louis, Mo. Ex
pected back in the near future are
Professors J. W. Mcßain and Carl R.
Noller.
Dr. Robert Void, research asso
ciate, presented a paper at the meet
ing on anyhydrous sodium soaps. Dr.
Noller gave a report on the work
done by him and K. Ladenburg on
derivatives of soapy plants found in
the California foothills.
Professor Philip Leighton, head of
the Department of Chemistry, re
turned to Stanford Monday after
attending the 101 st semi-annual
meeting of the American Chemical
Association at St. Louis, Mo. Ex
pected back in the near future are
Professors J. W. Mcßain and Carl R.
Noller.
Dr. Robert Void, research asso
ciate, presented a paper at the meet
ing on anyhydrous sodium soaps. Dr.
Noller gave a report on the work
done by him and K. Ladenburg on
derivatives of soapy plants found in
the California foothills.
Professor Philip Leighton, head of
the Department of Chemistry, re
turned to Stanford Monday after
attending the 101 st semi-annual
meeting of the American Chemical
Association at St. Louis, Mo. Ex
pected back in the near future are
Professors J. W. Mcßain and Carl R.
Noller.
Dr. Robert Void, research asso
ciate, presented a paper at the meet
ing on anyhydrous sodium soaps. Dr.
Noller gave a report on the work
done by him and K. Ladenburg on
derivatives of soapy plants found in
the California foothills.
Professor Philip Leighton, head of
the Department of Chemistry, re
turned to Stanford Monday after
attending the 101 st semi-annual
meeting of the American Chemical
Association at St. Louis, Mo. Ex
pected back in the near future are
Professors J. W. Mcßain and Carl R.
Noller.
Dr. Robert Void, research asso
ciate, presented a paper at the meet
ing on anyhydrous sodium soaps. Dr.
Noller gave a report on the work
done by him and K. Ladenburg on
derivatives of soapy plants found in
the California foothills.
Professor Philip Leighton, head of
the Department of Chemistry, re
turned to Stanford Monday after
attending the 101 st semi-annual
meeting of the American Chemical
Association at St. Louis, Mo. Ex
pected back in the near future are
Professors J. W. Mcßain and Carl R.
Noller.
Dr. Robert Void, research asso
ciate, presented a paper at the meet
ing on anyhydrous sodium soaps. Dr.
Noller gave a report on the work
done by him and K. Ladenburg on
derivatives of soapy plants found in
the California foothills.
Professor Philip Leighton, head of
the Department of Chemistry, re
turned to Stanford Monday after
attending the 101 st semi-annual
meeting of the American Chemical
Association at St. Louis, Mo. Ex
pected back in the near future are
Professors J. W. Mcßain and Carl R.
Noller.
Dr. Robert Void, research asso
ciate, presented a paper at the meet
ing on anyhydrous sodium soaps. Dr.
Noller gave a report on the work
done by him and K. Ladenburg on
derivatives of soapy plants found in
the California foothills.
Professor Philip Leighton, head of
the Department of Chemistry, re
turned to Stanford Monday after
attending the 101 st semi-annual
meeting of the American Chemical
Association at St. Louis, Mo. Ex
pected back in the near future are
Professors J. W. Mcßain and Carl R.
Noller.
Dr. Robert Void, research asso
ciate, presented a paper at the meet
ing on anyhydrous sodium soaps. Dr.
Noller gave a report on the work
done by him and K. Ladenburg on
derivatives of soapy plants found in
the California foothills.
Professor Philip Leighton, head of
the Department of Chemistry, re
turned to Stanford Monday after
attending the 101 st semi-annual
meeting of the American Chemical
Association at St. Louis, Mo. Ex
pected back in the near future are
Professors J. W. Mcßain and Carl R.
Noller.
Dr. Robert Void, research asso
ciate, presented a paper at the meet
ing on anyhydrous sodium soaps. Dr.
Noller gave a report on the work
done by him and K. Ladenburg on
derivatives of soapy plants found in
the California foothills.
Professor Philip Leighton, head of
the Department of Chemistry, re
turned to Stanford Monday after
attending the 101 st semi-annual
meeting of the American Chemical
Association at St. Louis, Mo. Ex
pected back in the near future are
Professors J. W. Mcßain and Carl R.
Noller.
Dr. Robert Void, research asso
ciate, presented a paper at the meet
ing on anyhydrous sodium soaps. Dr.
Noller gave a report on the work
done by him and K. Ladenburg on
derivatives of soapy plants found in
the California foothills.
Professor Philip Leighton, head of
the Department of Chemistry, re
turned to Stanford Monday after
attending the 101 st semi-annual
meeting of the American Chemical
Association at St. Louis, Mo. Ex
pected back in the near future are
Professors J. W. Mcßain and Carl R.
Noller.
Dr. Robert Void, research asso
ciate, presented a paper at the meet
ing on anyhydrous sodium soaps. Dr.
Noller gave a report on the work
done by him and K. Ladenburg on
derivatives of soapy plants found in
the California foothills.
Professor Philip Leighton, head of
the Department of Chemistry, re
turned to Stanford Monday after
attending the 101 st semi-annual
meeting of the American Chemical
Association at St. Louis, Mo. Ex
pected back in the near future are
Professors J. W. Mcßain and Carl R.
Noller.
Dr. Robert Void, research asso
ciate, presented a paper at the meet
ing on anyhydrous sodium soaps. Dr.
Noller gave a report on the work
done by him and K. Ladenburg on
derivatives of soapy plants found in
the California foothills.
Professor Philip Leighton, head of
the Department of Chemistry, re
turned to Stanford Monday after
attending the 101 st semi-annual
meeting of the American Chemical
Association at St. Louis, Mo. Ex
pected back in the near future are
Professors J. W. Mcßain and Carl R.
Noller.
Dr. Robert Void, research asso
ciate, presented a paper at the meet
ing on anyhydrous sodium soaps. Dr.
Noller gave a report on the work
done by him and K. Ladenburg on
derivatives of soapy plants found in
the California foothills.
Professor Philip Leighton, head of
the Department of Chemistry, re
turned to Stanford Monday after
attending the 101 st semi-annual
meeting of the American Chemical
Association at St. Louis, Mo. Ex
pected back in the near future are
Professors J. W. Mcßain and Carl R.
Noller.
Dr. Robert Void, research asso
ciate, presented a paper at the meet
ing on anyhydrous sodium soaps. Dr.
Noller gave a report on the work
done by him and K. Ladenburg on
derivatives of soapy plants found in
the California foothills.
Professor Philip Leighton, head of
the Department of Chemistry, re
turned to Stanford Monday after
attending the 101 st semi-annual
meeting of the American Chemical
Association at St. Louis, Mo. Ex
pected back in the near future are
Professors J. W. Mcßain and Carl R.
Noller.
Dr. Robert Void, research asso
ciate, presented a paper at the meet
ing on anyhydrous sodium soaps. Dr.
Noller gave a report on the work
done by him and K. Ladenburg on
derivatives of soapy plants found in
the California foothills.
Professor Philip Leighton, head of
the Department of Chemistry, re
turned to Stanford Monday after
attending the 101 st semi-annual
meeting of the American Chemical
Association at St. Louis, Mo. Ex
pected back in the near future are
Professors J. W. Mcßain and Carl R.
Noller.
Dr. Robert Void, research asso
ciate, presented a paper at the meet
ing on anyhydrous sodium soaps. Dr.
Noller gave a report on the work
done by him and K. Ladenburg on
derivatives of soapy plants found in
the California foothills.
Professor Philip Leighton, head of
the Department of Chemistry, re
turned to Stanford Monday after
attending the 101 st semi-annual
meeting of the American Chemical
Association at St. Louis, Mo. Ex
pected back in the near future are
Professors J. W. Mcßain and Carl R.
Noller.
Dr. Robert Void, research asso
ciate, presented a paper at the meet
ing on anyhydrous sodium soaps. Dr.
Noller gave a report on the work
done by him and K. Ladenburg on
derivatives of soapy plants found in
the California foothills.
