# AIR MECHANICS WORK DAY, NIGHT
## 
### 

THIS INTERESTING "behind the lines" picture of air corps mechanics servicing a sleek, 450-h.p. basic
training plane at Randolph Field at II p.m. illustrates the fact that such operations now go on 24 hours a
day in the United Slates Army, due to the vast increase in the pilot training program. Fluorescent lighting
was installed to facilitate night work.

THIS INTERESTING "behind the lines" picture of air corps mechanics servicing a sleek, 450-h.p. basic
training plane at Randolph Field at II p.m. illustrates the fact that such operations now go on 24 hours a
day in the United Slates Army, due to the vast increase in the pilot training program. Fluorescent lighting
was installed to facilitate night work.

THIS INTERESTING "behind the lines" picture of air corps mechanics servicing a sleek, 450-h.p. basic
training plane at Randolph Field at II p.m. illustrates the fact that such operations now go on 24 hours a
day in the United Slates Army, due to the vast increase in the pilot training program. Fluorescent lighting
was installed to facilitate night work.

THIS INTERESTING "behind the lines" picture of air corps mechanics servicing a sleek, 450-h.p. basic
training plane at Randolph Field at II p.m. illustrates the fact that such operations now go on 24 hours a
day in the United Slates Army, due to the vast increase in the pilot training program. Fluorescent lighting
was installed to facilitate night work.

THIS INTERESTING "behind the lines" picture of air corps mechanics servicing a sleek, 450-h.p. basic
training plane at Randolph Field at II p.m. illustrates the fact that such operations now go on 24 hours a
day in the United Slates Army, due to the vast increase in the pilot training program. Fluorescent lighting
was installed to facilitate night work.

THIS INTERESTING "behind the lines" picture of air corps mechanics servicing a sleek, 450-h.p. basic
training plane at Randolph Field at II p.m. illustrates the fact that such operations now go on 24 hours a
day in the United Slates Army, due to the vast increase in the pilot training program. Fluorescent lighting
was installed to facilitate night work.

THIS INTERESTING "behind the lines" picture of air corps mechanics servicing a sleek, 450-h.p. basic
training plane at Randolph Field at II p.m. illustrates the fact that such operations now go on 24 hours a
day in the United Slates Army, due to the vast increase in the pilot training program. Fluorescent lighting
was installed to facilitate night work.

THIS INTERESTING "behind the lines" picture of air corps mechanics servicing a sleek, 450-h.p. basic
training plane at Randolph Field at II p.m. illustrates the fact that such operations now go on 24 hours a
day in the United Slates Army, due to the vast increase in the pilot training program. Fluorescent lighting
was installed to facilitate night work.

THIS INTERESTING "behind the lines" picture of air corps mechanics servicing a sleek, 450-h.p. basic
training plane at Randolph Field at II p.m. illustrates the fact that such operations now go on 24 hours a
day in the United Slates Army, due to the vast increase in the pilot training program. Fluorescent lighting
was installed to facilitate night work.

THIS INTERESTING "behind the lines" picture of air corps mechanics servicing a sleek, 450-h.p. basic
training plane at Randolph Field at II p.m. illustrates the fact that such operations now go on 24 hours a
day in the United Slates Army, due to the vast increase in the pilot training program. Fluorescent lighting
was installed to facilitate night work.

THIS INTERESTING "behind the lines" picture of air corps mechanics servicing a sleek, 450-h.p. basic
training plane at Randolph Field at II p.m. illustrates the fact that such operations now go on 24 hours a
day in the United Slates Army, due to the vast increase in the pilot training program. Fluorescent lighting
was installed to facilitate night work.

THIS INTERESTING "behind the lines" picture of air corps mechanics servicing a sleek, 450-h.p. basic
training plane at Randolph Field at II p.m. illustrates the fact that such operations now go on 24 hours a
day in the United Slates Army, due to the vast increase in the pilot training program. Fluorescent lighting
was installed to facilitate night work.

THIS INTERESTING "behind the lines" picture of air corps mechanics servicing a sleek, 450-h.p. basic
training plane at Randolph Field at II p.m. illustrates the fact that such operations now go on 24 hours a
day in the United Slates Army, due to the vast increase in the pilot training program. Fluorescent lighting
was installed to facilitate night work.

THIS INTERESTING "behind the lines" picture of air corps mechanics servicing a sleek, 450-h.p. basic
training plane at Randolph Field at II p.m. illustrates the fact that such operations now go on 24 hours a
day in the United Slates Army, due to the vast increase in the pilot training program. Fluorescent lighting
was installed to facilitate night work.

THIS INTERESTING "behind the lines" picture of air corps mechanics servicing a sleek, 450-h.p. basic
training plane at Randolph Field at II p.m. illustrates the fact that such operations now go on 24 hours a
day in the United Slates Army, due to the vast increase in the pilot training program. Fluorescent lighting
was installed to facilitate night work.

THIS INTERESTING "behind the lines" picture of air corps mechanics servicing a sleek, 450-h.p. basic
training plane at Randolph Field at II p.m. illustrates the fact that such operations now go on 24 hours a
day in the United Slates Army, due to the vast increase in the pilot training program. Fluorescent lighting
was installed to facilitate night work.

THIS INTERESTING "behind the lines" picture of air corps mechanics servicing a sleek, 450-h.p. basic
training plane at Randolph Field at II p.m. illustrates the fact that such operations now go on 24 hours a
day in the United Slates Army, due to the vast increase in the pilot training program. Fluorescent lighting
was installed to facilitate night work.

THIS INTERESTING "behind the lines" picture of air corps mechanics servicing a sleek, 450-h.p. basic
training plane at Randolph Field at II p.m. illustrates the fact that such operations now go on 24 hours a
day in the United Slates Army, due to the vast increase in the pilot training program. Fluorescent lighting
was installed to facilitate night work.
