# The 						Stanford Daily Sports
## CHUCK SMITH, Sports Editor YANKEES CAPTURE SEASON OPENER 
### 

CECIL TRAVIS, Washington shortstop, takes Buddy Myers' throw to retire "Red" Rolfe. Yanks' third
baseman, during the first inning of the major league opening in Washington when the Senators bowed to
the Yanks, 3-0. Rolfe, who had singled, was forced at second on Tommy Henrick's grounder to Myer.

CECIL TRAVIS, Washington shortstop, takes Buddy Myers' throw to retire "Red" Rolfe. Yanks' third
baseman, during the first inning of the major league opening in Washington when the Senators bowed to
the Yanks, 3-0. Rolfe, who had singled, was forced at second on Tommy Henrick's grounder to Myer.

CECIL TRAVIS, Washington shortstop, takes Buddy Myers' throw to retire "Red" Rolfe. Yanks' third
baseman, during the first inning of the major league opening in Washington when the Senators bowed to
the Yanks, 3-0. Rolfe, who had singled, was forced at second on Tommy Henrick's grounder to Myer.

CECIL TRAVIS, Washington shortstop, takes Buddy Myers' throw to retire "Red" Rolfe. Yanks' third
baseman, during the first inning of the major league opening in Washington when the Senators bowed to
the Yanks, 3-0. Rolfe, who had singled, was forced at second on Tommy Henrick's grounder to Myer.

CECIL TRAVIS, Washington shortstop, takes Buddy Myers' throw to retire "Red" Rolfe. Yanks' third
baseman, during the first inning of the major league opening in Washington when the Senators bowed to
the Yanks, 3-0. Rolfe, who had singled, was forced at second on Tommy Henrick's grounder to Myer.

CECIL TRAVIS, Washington shortstop, takes Buddy Myers' throw to retire "Red" Rolfe. Yanks' third
baseman, during the first inning of the major league opening in Washington when the Senators bowed to
the Yanks, 3-0. Rolfe, who had singled, was forced at second on Tommy Henrick's grounder to Myer.

CECIL TRAVIS, Washington shortstop, takes Buddy Myers' throw to retire "Red" Rolfe. Yanks' third
baseman, during the first inning of the major league opening in Washington when the Senators bowed to
the Yanks, 3-0. Rolfe, who had singled, was forced at second on Tommy Henrick's grounder to Myer.

CECIL TRAVIS, Washington shortstop, takes Buddy Myers' throw to retire "Red" Rolfe. Yanks' third
baseman, during the first inning of the major league opening in Washington when the Senators bowed to
the Yanks, 3-0. Rolfe, who had singled, was forced at second on Tommy Henrick's grounder to Myer.

CECIL TRAVIS, Washington shortstop, takes Buddy Myers' throw to retire "Red" Rolfe. Yanks' third
baseman, during the first inning of the major league opening in Washington when the Senators bowed to
the Yanks, 3-0. Rolfe, who had singled, was forced at second on Tommy Henrick's grounder to Myer.

CECIL TRAVIS, Washington shortstop, takes Buddy Myers' throw to retire "Red" Rolfe. Yanks' third
baseman, during the first inning of the major league opening in Washington when the Senators bowed to
the Yanks, 3-0. Rolfe, who had singled, was forced at second on Tommy Henrick's grounder to Myer.

CECIL TRAVIS, Washington shortstop, takes Buddy Myers' throw to retire "Red" Rolfe. Yanks' third
baseman, during the first inning of the major league opening in Washington when the Senators bowed to
the Yanks, 3-0. Rolfe, who had singled, was forced at second on Tommy Henrick's grounder to Myer.

CECIL TRAVIS, Washington shortstop, takes Buddy Myers' throw to retire "Red" Rolfe. Yanks' third
baseman, during the first inning of the major league opening in Washington when the Senators bowed to
the Yanks, 3-0. Rolfe, who had singled, was forced at second on Tommy Henrick's grounder to Myer.

CECIL TRAVIS, Washington shortstop, takes Buddy Myers' throw to retire "Red" Rolfe. Yanks' third
baseman, during the first inning of the major league opening in Washington when the Senators bowed to
the Yanks, 3-0. Rolfe, who had singled, was forced at second on Tommy Henrick's grounder to Myer.

CECIL TRAVIS, Washington shortstop, takes Buddy Myers' throw to retire "Red" Rolfe. Yanks' third
baseman, during the first inning of the major league opening in Washington when the Senators bowed to
the Yanks, 3-0. Rolfe, who had singled, was forced at second on Tommy Henrick's grounder to Myer.

CECIL TRAVIS, Washington shortstop, takes Buddy Myers' throw to retire "Red" Rolfe. Yanks' third
baseman, during the first inning of the major league opening in Washington when the Senators bowed to
the Yanks, 3-0. Rolfe, who had singled, was forced at second on Tommy Henrick's grounder to Myer.

CECIL TRAVIS, Washington shortstop, takes Buddy Myers' throw to retire "Red" Rolfe. Yanks' third
baseman, during the first inning of the major league opening in Washington when the Senators bowed to
the Yanks, 3-0. Rolfe, who had singled, was forced at second on Tommy Henrick's grounder to Myer.

CECIL TRAVIS, Washington shortstop, takes Buddy Myers' throw to retire "Red" Rolfe. Yanks' third
baseman, during the first inning of the major league opening in Washington when the Senators bowed to
the Yanks, 3-0. Rolfe, who had singled, was forced at second on Tommy Henrick's grounder to Myer.

CECIL TRAVIS, Washington shortstop, takes Buddy Myers' throw to retire "Red" Rolfe. Yanks' third
baseman, during the first inning of the major league opening in Washington when the Senators bowed to
the Yanks, 3-0. Rolfe, who had singled, was forced at second on Tommy Henrick's grounder to Myer.
