# Marks Named Asst. Dean
## 
### 
Leonard Marks Jr., assistant
professor of finance in the Grad
uate School of Business, has been
appointed assistant dean of the
school, Dean Ernest C. Arbuckle
announced yesterday.
In addition to new administra
tive duties, Professor Marks will
continue teaching in the fields of
commercial banking and business
credit, Dean Arbuckle said, and
will be in charge of Business
School admissions and alumni re
lations.
Professor Marks has been at
Stanford since 1955, coming from
the faculty of Harvard University
Business School, where ho earned
his master's degree in business
administration in 1948. He was
graduated from Drew University
in Madison, N.J.
lie has also served on the fac
ulty of the Nestle School of In
ternational Management in Switz
erland.
Leonard Marks Jr., assistant
professor of finance in the Grad
uate School of Business, has been
appointed assistant dean of the
school, Dean Ernest C. Arbuckle
announced yesterday.
In addition to new administra
tive duties, Professor Marks will
continue teaching in the fields of
commercial banking and business
credit, Dean Arbuckle said, and
will be in charge of Business
School admissions and alumni re
lations.
Professor Marks has been at
Stanford since 1955, coming from
the faculty of Harvard University
Business School, where ho earned
his master's degree in business
administration in 1948. He was
graduated from Drew University
in Madison, N.J.
lie has also served on the fac
ulty of the Nestle School of In
ternational Management in Switz
erland.
Leonard Marks Jr., assistant
professor of finance in the Grad
uate School of Business, has been
appointed assistant dean of the
school, Dean Ernest C. Arbuckle
announced yesterday.
In addition to new administra
tive duties, Professor Marks will
continue teaching in the fields of
commercial banking and business
credit, Dean Arbuckle said, and
will be in charge of Business
School admissions and alumni re
lations.
Professor Marks has been at
Stanford since 1955, coming from
the faculty of Harvard University
Business School, where ho earned
his master's degree in business
administration in 1948. He was
graduated from Drew University
in Madison, N.J.
lie has also served on the fac
ulty of the Nestle School of In
ternational Management in Switz
erland.
Leonard Marks Jr., assistant
professor of finance in the Grad
uate School of Business, has been
appointed assistant dean of the
school, Dean Ernest C. Arbuckle
announced yesterday.
In addition to new administra
tive duties, Professor Marks will
continue teaching in the fields of
commercial banking and business
credit, Dean Arbuckle said, and
will be in charge of Business
School admissions and alumni re
lations.
Professor Marks has been at
Stanford since 1955, coming from
the faculty of Harvard University
Business School, where ho earned
his master's degree in business
administration in 1948. He was
graduated from Drew University
in Madison, N.J.
lie has also served on the fac
ulty of the Nestle School of In
ternational Management in Switz
erland.
Leonard Marks Jr., assistant
professor of finance in the Grad
uate School of Business, has been
appointed assistant dean of the
school, Dean Ernest C. Arbuckle
announced yesterday.
In addition to new administra
tive duties, Professor Marks will
continue teaching in the fields of
commercial banking and business
credit, Dean Arbuckle said, and
will be in charge of Business
School admissions and alumni re
lations.
Professor Marks has been at
Stanford since 1955, coming from
the faculty of Harvard University
Business School, where ho earned
his master's degree in business
administration in 1948. He was
graduated from Drew University
in Madison, N.J.
lie has also served on the fac
ulty of the Nestle School of In
ternational Management in Switz
erland.
Leonard Marks Jr., assistant
professor of finance in the Grad
uate School of Business, has been
appointed assistant dean of the
school, Dean Ernest C. Arbuckle
announced yesterday.
In addition to new administra
tive duties, Professor Marks will
continue teaching in the fields of
commercial banking and business
credit, Dean Arbuckle said, and
will be in charge of Business
School admissions and alumni re
lations.
Professor Marks has been at
Stanford since 1955, coming from
the faculty of Harvard University
Business School, where ho earned
his master's degree in business
administration in 1948. He was
graduated from Drew University
in Madison, N.J.
lie has also served on the fac
ulty of the Nestle School of In
ternational Management in Switz
erland.
Leonard Marks Jr., assistant
professor of finance in the Grad
uate School of Business, has been
appointed assistant dean of the
school, Dean Ernest C. Arbuckle
announced yesterday.
In addition to new administra
tive duties, Professor Marks will
continue teaching in the fields of
commercial banking and business
credit, Dean Arbuckle said, and
will be in charge of Business
School admissions and alumni re
lations.
Professor Marks has been at
Stanford since 1955, coming from
the faculty of Harvard University
Business School, where ho earned
his master's degree in business
administration in 1948. He was
graduated from Drew University
in Madison, N.J.
lie has also served on the fac
ulty of the Nestle School of In
ternational Management in Switz
erland.
Leonard Marks Jr., assistant
professor of finance in the Grad
uate School of Business, has been
appointed assistant dean of the
school, Dean Ernest C. Arbuckle
announced yesterday.
In addition to new administra
tive duties, Professor Marks will
continue teaching in the fields of
commercial banking and business
credit, Dean Arbuckle said, and
will be in charge of Business
School admissions and alumni re
lations.
Professor Marks has been at
Stanford since 1955, coming from
the faculty of Harvard University
Business School, where ho earned
his master's degree in business
administration in 1948. He was
graduated from Drew University
in Madison, N.J.
lie has also served on the fac
ulty of the Nestle School of In
ternational Management in Switz
erland.
Leonard Marks Jr., assistant
professor of finance in the Grad
uate School of Business, has been
appointed assistant dean of the
school, Dean Ernest C. Arbuckle
announced yesterday.
In addition to new administra
tive duties, Professor Marks will
continue teaching in the fields of
commercial banking and business
credit, Dean Arbuckle said, and
will be in charge of Business
School admissions and alumni re
lations.
Professor Marks has been at
Stanford since 1955, coming from
the faculty of Harvard University
Business School, where ho earned
his master's degree in business
administration in 1948. He was
graduated from Drew University
in Madison, N.J.
lie has also served on the fac
ulty of the Nestle School of In
ternational Management in Switz
erland.
Leonard Marks Jr., assistant
professor of finance in the Grad
uate School of Business, has been
appointed assistant dean of the
school, Dean Ernest C. Arbuckle
announced yesterday.
In addition to new administra
tive duties, Professor Marks will
continue teaching in the fields of
commercial banking and business
credit, Dean Arbuckle said, and
will be in charge of Business
School admissions and alumni re
lations.
Professor Marks has been at
Stanford since 1955, coming from
the faculty of Harvard University
Business School, where ho earned
his master's degree in business
administration in 1948. He was
graduated from Drew University
in Madison, N.J.
lie has also served on the fac
ulty of the Nestle School of In
ternational Management in Switz
erland.
Leonard Marks Jr., assistant
professor of finance in the Grad
uate School of Business, has been
appointed assistant dean of the
school, Dean Ernest C. Arbuckle
announced yesterday.
In addition to new administra
tive duties, Professor Marks will
continue teaching in the fields of
commercial banking and business
credit, Dean Arbuckle said, and
will be in charge of Business
School admissions and alumni re
lations.
Professor Marks has been at
Stanford since 1955, coming from
the faculty of Harvard University
Business School, where ho earned
his master's degree in business
administration in 1948. He was
graduated from Drew University
in Madison, N.J.
lie has also served on the fac
ulty of the Nestle School of In
ternational Management in Switz
erland.
Leonard Marks Jr., assistant
professor of finance in the Grad
uate School of Business, has been
appointed assistant dean of the
school, Dean Ernest C. Arbuckle
announced yesterday.
In addition to new administra
tive duties, Professor Marks will
continue teaching in the fields of
commercial banking and business
credit, Dean Arbuckle said, and
will be in charge of Business
School admissions and alumni re
lations.
Professor Marks has been at
Stanford since 1955, coming from
the faculty of Harvard University
Business School, where ho earned
his master's degree in business
administration in 1948. He was
graduated from Drew University
in Madison, N.J.
lie has also served on the fac
ulty of the Nestle School of In
ternational Management in Switz
erland.
Leonard Marks Jr., assistant
professor of finance in the Grad
uate School of Business, has been
appointed assistant dean of the
school, Dean Ernest C. Arbuckle
announced yesterday.
In addition to new administra
tive duties, Professor Marks will
continue teaching in the fields of
commercial banking and business
credit, Dean Arbuckle said, and
will be in charge of Business
School admissions and alumni re
lations.
Professor Marks has been at
Stanford since 1955, coming from
the faculty of Harvard University
Business School, where ho earned
his master's degree in business
administration in 1948. He was
graduated from Drew University
in Madison, N.J.
lie has also served on the fac
ulty of the Nestle School of In
ternational Management in Switz
erland.
Leonard Marks Jr., assistant
professor of finance in the Grad
uate School of Business, has been
appointed assistant dean of the
school, Dean Ernest C. Arbuckle
announced yesterday.
In addition to new administra
tive duties, Professor Marks will
continue teaching in the fields of
commercial banking and business
credit, Dean Arbuckle said, and
will be in charge of Business
School admissions and alumni re
lations.
Professor Marks has been at
Stanford since 1955, coming from
the faculty of Harvard University
Business School, where ho earned
his master's degree in business
administration in 1948. He was
graduated from Drew University
in Madison, N.J.
lie has also served on the fac
ulty of the Nestle School of In
ternational Management in Switz
erland.
Leonard Marks Jr., assistant
professor of finance in the Grad
uate School of Business, has been
appointed assistant dean of the
school, Dean Ernest C. Arbuckle
announced yesterday.
In addition to new administra
tive duties, Professor Marks will
continue teaching in the fields of
commercial banking and business
credit, Dean Arbuckle said, and
will be in charge of Business
School admissions and alumni re
lations.
Professor Marks has been at
Stanford since 1955, coming from
the faculty of Harvard University
Business School, where ho earned
his master's degree in business
administration in 1948. He was
graduated from Drew University
in Madison, N.J.
lie has also served on the fac
ulty of the Nestle School of In
ternational Management in Switz
erland.
Leonard Marks Jr., assistant
professor of finance in the Grad
uate School of Business, has been
appointed assistant dean of the
school, Dean Ernest C. Arbuckle
announced yesterday.
In addition to new administra
tive duties, Professor Marks will
continue teaching in the fields of
commercial banking and business
credit, Dean Arbuckle said, and
will be in charge of Business
School admissions and alumni re
lations.
Professor Marks has been at
Stanford since 1955, coming from
the faculty of Harvard University
Business School, where ho earned
his master's degree in business
administration in 1948. He was
graduated from Drew University
in Madison, N.J.
lie has also served on the fac
ulty of the Nestle School of In
ternational Management in Switz
erland.
Leonard Marks Jr., assistant
professor of finance in the Grad
uate School of Business, has been
appointed assistant dean of the
school, Dean Ernest C. Arbuckle
announced yesterday.
In addition to new administra
tive duties, Professor Marks will
continue teaching in the fields of
commercial banking and business
credit, Dean Arbuckle said, and
will be in charge of Business
School admissions and alumni re
lations.
Professor Marks has been at
Stanford since 1955, coming from
the faculty of Harvard University
Business School, where ho earned
his master's degree in business
administration in 1948. He was
graduated from Drew University
in Madison, N.J.
lie has also served on the fac
ulty of the Nestle School of In
ternational Management in Switz
erland.
