# School Given Large Grant
## 
### 
Stanford's Medical School has
received a $141,722 grant from
the National Foundation to sup
port teaching of methods of com
prehensive care for the rehabilita
tion of patients afflicted by
chronic disease and disability.
The program will include edu
cation of •students in medicine,
nursing, physical therapy, speech
therapy, occupational therapy,
social work and vocational coun
seling.
Stanford's Medical School has
received a $141,722 grant from
the National Foundation to sup
port teaching of methods of com
prehensive care for the rehabilita
tion of patients afflicted by
chronic disease and disability.
The program will include edu
cation of •students in medicine,
nursing, physical therapy, speech
therapy, occupational therapy,
social work and vocational coun
seling.
Stanford's Medical School has
received a $141,722 grant from
the National Foundation to sup
port teaching of methods of com
prehensive care for the rehabilita
tion of patients afflicted by
chronic disease and disability.
The program will include edu
cation of •students in medicine,
nursing, physical therapy, speech
therapy, occupational therapy,
social work and vocational coun
seling.
Stanford's Medical School has
received a $141,722 grant from
the National Foundation to sup
port teaching of methods of com
prehensive care for the rehabilita
tion of patients afflicted by
chronic disease and disability.
The program will include edu
cation of •students in medicine,
nursing, physical therapy, speech
therapy, occupational therapy,
social work and vocational coun
seling.
Stanford's Medical School has
received a $141,722 grant from
the National Foundation to sup
port teaching of methods of com
prehensive care for the rehabilita
tion of patients afflicted by
chronic disease and disability.
The program will include edu
cation of •students in medicine,
nursing, physical therapy, speech
therapy, occupational therapy,
social work and vocational coun
seling.
Stanford's Medical School has
received a $141,722 grant from
the National Foundation to sup
port teaching of methods of com
prehensive care for the rehabilita
tion of patients afflicted by
chronic disease and disability.
The program will include edu
cation of •students in medicine,
nursing, physical therapy, speech
therapy, occupational therapy,
social work and vocational coun
seling.
Stanford's Medical School has
received a $141,722 grant from
the National Foundation to sup
port teaching of methods of com
prehensive care for the rehabilita
tion of patients afflicted by
chronic disease and disability.
The program will include edu
cation of •students in medicine,
nursing, physical therapy, speech
therapy, occupational therapy,
social work and vocational coun
seling.
Stanford's Medical School has
received a $141,722 grant from
the National Foundation to sup
port teaching of methods of com
prehensive care for the rehabilita
tion of patients afflicted by
chronic disease and disability.
The program will include edu
cation of •students in medicine,
nursing, physical therapy, speech
therapy, occupational therapy,
social work and vocational coun
seling.
Stanford's Medical School has
received a $141,722 grant from
the National Foundation to sup
port teaching of methods of com
prehensive care for the rehabilita
tion of patients afflicted by
chronic disease and disability.
The program will include edu
cation of •students in medicine,
nursing, physical therapy, speech
therapy, occupational therapy,
social work and vocational coun
seling.
Stanford's Medical School has
received a $141,722 grant from
the National Foundation to sup
port teaching of methods of com
prehensive care for the rehabilita
tion of patients afflicted by
chronic disease and disability.
The program will include edu
cation of •students in medicine,
nursing, physical therapy, speech
therapy, occupational therapy,
social work and vocational coun
seling.
Stanford's Medical School has
received a $141,722 grant from
the National Foundation to sup
port teaching of methods of com
prehensive care for the rehabilita
tion of patients afflicted by
chronic disease and disability.
The program will include edu
cation of •students in medicine,
nursing, physical therapy, speech
therapy, occupational therapy,
social work and vocational coun
seling.
Stanford's Medical School has
received a $141,722 grant from
the National Foundation to sup
port teaching of methods of com
prehensive care for the rehabilita
tion of patients afflicted by
chronic disease and disability.
The program will include edu
cation of •students in medicine,
nursing, physical therapy, speech
therapy, occupational therapy,
social work and vocational coun
seling.
Stanford's Medical School has
received a $141,722 grant from
the National Foundation to sup
port teaching of methods of com
prehensive care for the rehabilita
tion of patients afflicted by
chronic disease and disability.
The program will include edu
cation of •students in medicine,
nursing, physical therapy, speech
therapy, occupational therapy,
social work and vocational coun
seling.
Stanford's Medical School has
received a $141,722 grant from
the National Foundation to sup
port teaching of methods of com
prehensive care for the rehabilita
tion of patients afflicted by
chronic disease and disability.
The program will include edu
cation of •students in medicine,
nursing, physical therapy, speech
therapy, occupational therapy,
social work and vocational coun
seling.
Stanford's Medical School has
received a $141,722 grant from
the National Foundation to sup
port teaching of methods of com
prehensive care for the rehabilita
tion of patients afflicted by
chronic disease and disability.
The program will include edu
cation of •students in medicine,
nursing, physical therapy, speech
therapy, occupational therapy,
social work and vocational coun
seling.
Stanford's Medical School has
received a $141,722 grant from
the National Foundation to sup
port teaching of methods of com
prehensive care for the rehabilita
tion of patients afflicted by
chronic disease and disability.
The program will include edu
cation of •students in medicine,
nursing, physical therapy, speech
therapy, occupational therapy,
social work and vocational coun
seling.
Stanford's Medical School has
received a $141,722 grant from
the National Foundation to sup
port teaching of methods of com
prehensive care for the rehabilita
tion of patients afflicted by
chronic disease and disability.
The program will include edu
cation of •students in medicine,
nursing, physical therapy, speech
therapy, occupational therapy,
social work and vocational coun
seling.
