# Letters to The Editor
## 
### 
Stanford-in-City
Editor, The Daily:
In order to hasten the clay when
all Stanford students study at off
shoots of the main campus, I
should like to suggest that the
administration consider the possi
bility of a Stanford-in-San Fran
cisco.
David Lomax
Stanford-in-City
Editor, The Daily:
In order to hasten the clay when
all Stanford students study at off
shoots of the main campus, I
should like to suggest that the
administration consider the possi
bility of a Stanford-in-San Fran
cisco.
David Lomax
Stanford-in-City
Editor, The Daily:
In order to hasten the clay when
all Stanford students study at off
shoots of the main campus, I
should like to suggest that the
administration consider the possi
bility of a Stanford-in-San Fran
cisco.
David Lomax
Stanford-in-City
Editor, The Daily:
In order to hasten the clay when
all Stanford students study at off
shoots of the main campus, I
should like to suggest that the
administration consider the possi
bility of a Stanford-in-San Fran
cisco.
David Lomax
Stanford-in-City
Editor, The Daily:
In order to hasten the clay when
all Stanford students study at off
shoots of the main campus, I
should like to suggest that the
administration consider the possi
bility of a Stanford-in-San Fran
cisco.
David Lomax
Stanford-in-City
Editor, The Daily:
In order to hasten the clay when
all Stanford students study at off
shoots of the main campus, I
should like to suggest that the
administration consider the possi
bility of a Stanford-in-San Fran
cisco.
David Lomax
Stanford-in-City
Editor, The Daily:
In order to hasten the clay when
all Stanford students study at off
shoots of the main campus, I
should like to suggest that the
administration consider the possi
bility of a Stanford-in-San Fran
cisco.
David Lomax
Stanford-in-City
Editor, The Daily:
In order to hasten the clay when
all Stanford students study at off
shoots of the main campus, I
should like to suggest that the
administration consider the possi
bility of a Stanford-in-San Fran
cisco.
David Lomax
Stanford-in-City
Editor, The Daily:
In order to hasten the clay when
all Stanford students study at off
shoots of the main campus, I
should like to suggest that the
administration consider the possi
bility of a Stanford-in-San Fran
cisco.
David Lomax
Stanford-in-City
Editor, The Daily:
In order to hasten the clay when
all Stanford students study at off
shoots of the main campus, I
should like to suggest that the
administration consider the possi
bility of a Stanford-in-San Fran
cisco.
David Lomax
Stanford-in-City
Editor, The Daily:
In order to hasten the clay when
all Stanford students study at off
shoots of the main campus, I
should like to suggest that the
administration consider the possi
bility of a Stanford-in-San Fran
cisco.
David Lomax
Stanford-in-City
Editor, The Daily:
In order to hasten the clay when
all Stanford students study at off
shoots of the main campus, I
should like to suggest that the
administration consider the possi
bility of a Stanford-in-San Fran
cisco.
David Lomax
Stanford-in-City
Editor, The Daily:
In order to hasten the clay when
all Stanford students study at off
shoots of the main campus, I
should like to suggest that the
administration consider the possi
bility of a Stanford-in-San Fran
cisco.
David Lomax
Stanford-in-City
Editor, The Daily:
In order to hasten the clay when
all Stanford students study at off
shoots of the main campus, I
should like to suggest that the
administration consider the possi
bility of a Stanford-in-San Fran
cisco.
David Lomax
Stanford-in-City
Editor, The Daily:
In order to hasten the clay when
all Stanford students study at off
shoots of the main campus, I
should like to suggest that the
administration consider the possi
bility of a Stanford-in-San Fran
cisco.
David Lomax
Stanford-in-City
Editor, The Daily:
In order to hasten the clay when
all Stanford students study at off
shoots of the main campus, I
should like to suggest that the
administration consider the possi
bility of a Stanford-in-San Fran
cisco.
David Lomax
Stanford-in-City
Editor, The Daily:
In order to hasten the clay when
all Stanford students study at off
shoots of the main campus, I
should like to suggest that the
administration consider the possi
bility of a Stanford-in-San Fran
cisco.
David Lomax
