# Stocks at New High
## 
### 
NEW YORK </P> - The stock
market yesterday mounted its
strongest rally in three months
on prospects of a booming 1960
economy.
NEW YORK </P> - The stock
market yesterday mounted its
strongest rally in three months
on prospects of a booming 1960
economy.
NEW YORK </P> - The stock
market yesterday mounted its
strongest rally in three months
on prospects of a booming 1960
economy.
NEW YORK </P> - The stock
market yesterday mounted its
strongest rally in three months
on prospects of a booming 1960
economy.
NEW YORK </P> - The stock
market yesterday mounted its
strongest rally in three months
on prospects of a booming 1960
economy.
NEW YORK </P> - The stock
market yesterday mounted its
strongest rally in three months
on prospects of a booming 1960
economy.
NEW YORK </P> - The stock
market yesterday mounted its
strongest rally in three months
on prospects of a booming 1960
economy.
NEW YORK </P> - The stock
market yesterday mounted its
strongest rally in three months
on prospects of a booming 1960
economy.
NEW YORK </P> - The stock
market yesterday mounted its
strongest rally in three months
on prospects of a booming 1960
economy.
NEW YORK </P> - The stock
market yesterday mounted its
strongest rally in three months
on prospects of a booming 1960
economy.
NEW YORK </P> - The stock
market yesterday mounted its
strongest rally in three months
on prospects of a booming 1960
economy.
NEW YORK </P> - The stock
market yesterday mounted its
strongest rally in three months
on prospects of a booming 1960
economy.
NEW YORK </P> - The stock
market yesterday mounted its
strongest rally in three months
on prospects of a booming 1960
economy.
NEW YORK </P> - The stock
market yesterday mounted its
strongest rally in three months
on prospects of a booming 1960
economy.
NEW YORK </P> - The stock
market yesterday mounted its
strongest rally in three months
on prospects of a booming 1960
economy.
NEW YORK </P> - The stock
market yesterday mounted its
strongest rally in three months
on prospects of a booming 1960
economy.
NEW YORK </P> - The stock
market yesterday mounted its
strongest rally in three months
on prospects of a booming 1960
economy.
