# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Slanford basketball players are
currently in fifth place in t lie
Nation in defense, allowing their
opponents only 53.6 points per
game.
Slanford basketball players are
currently in fifth place in t lie
Nation in defense, allowing their
opponents only 53.6 points per
game.
Slanford basketball players are
currently in fifth place in t lie
Nation in defense, allowing their
opponents only 53.6 points per
game.
Slanford basketball players are
currently in fifth place in t lie
Nation in defense, allowing their
opponents only 53.6 points per
game.
Slanford basketball players are
currently in fifth place in t lie
Nation in defense, allowing their
opponents only 53.6 points per
game.
Slanford basketball players are
currently in fifth place in t lie
Nation in defense, allowing their
opponents only 53.6 points per
game.
Slanford basketball players are
currently in fifth place in t lie
Nation in defense, allowing their
opponents only 53.6 points per
game.
Slanford basketball players are
currently in fifth place in t lie
Nation in defense, allowing their
opponents only 53.6 points per
game.
Slanford basketball players are
currently in fifth place in t lie
Nation in defense, allowing their
opponents only 53.6 points per
game.
Slanford basketball players are
currently in fifth place in t lie
Nation in defense, allowing their
opponents only 53.6 points per
game.
Slanford basketball players are
currently in fifth place in t lie
Nation in defense, allowing their
opponents only 53.6 points per
game.
Slanford basketball players are
currently in fifth place in t lie
Nation in defense, allowing their
opponents only 53.6 points per
game.
Slanford basketball players are
currently in fifth place in t lie
Nation in defense, allowing their
opponents only 53.6 points per
game.
Slanford basketball players are
currently in fifth place in t lie
Nation in defense, allowing their
opponents only 53.6 points per
game.
Slanford basketball players are
currently in fifth place in t lie
Nation in defense, allowing their
opponents only 53.6 points per
game.
Slanford basketball players are
currently in fifth place in t lie
Nation in defense, allowing their
opponents only 53.6 points per
game.
Slanford basketball players are
currently in fifth place in t lie
Nation in defense, allowing their
opponents only 53.6 points per
game.
