# Adv. 46 Page 12
## 
### 
Repair Your Own Car
At Van Home's Garage
Small charge for use of
shop and tools
Highway between Palo Alto
and Menlo Park
i
Repair Your Own Car
At Van Home's Garage
Small charge for use of
shop and tools
Highway between Palo Alto
and Menlo Park
i
Repair Your Own Car
At Van Home's Garage
Small charge for use of
shop and tools
Highway between Palo Alto
and Menlo Park
i
Repair Your Own Car
At Van Home's Garage
Small charge for use of
shop and tools
Highway between Palo Alto
and Menlo Park
i
Repair Your Own Car
At Van Home's Garage
Small charge for use of
shop and tools
Highway between Palo Alto
and Menlo Park
i
Repair Your Own Car
At Van Home's Garage
Small charge for use of
shop and tools
Highway between Palo Alto
and Menlo Park
i
Repair Your Own Car
At Van Home's Garage
Small charge for use of
shop and tools
Highway between Palo Alto
and Menlo Park
i
Repair Your Own Car
At Van Home's Garage
Small charge for use of
shop and tools
Highway between Palo Alto
and Menlo Park
i
Repair Your Own Car
At Van Home's Garage
Small charge for use of
shop and tools
Highway between Palo Alto
and Menlo Park
i
Repair Your Own Car
At Van Home's Garage
Small charge for use of
shop and tools
Highway between Palo Alto
and Menlo Park
i
Repair Your Own Car
At Van Home's Garage
Small charge for use of
shop and tools
Highway between Palo Alto
and Menlo Park
i
Repair Your Own Car
At Van Home's Garage
Small charge for use of
shop and tools
Highway between Palo Alto
and Menlo Park
i
Repair Your Own Car
At Van Home's Garage
Small charge for use of
shop and tools
Highway between Palo Alto
and Menlo Park
i
Repair Your Own Car
At Van Home's Garage
Small charge for use of
shop and tools
Highway between Palo Alto
and Menlo Park
i
Repair Your Own Car
At Van Home's Garage
Small charge for use of
shop and tools
Highway between Palo Alto
and Menlo Park
i
