# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Since the University of Texas began
receiving students in 1883, approximately
40,000 people have been registered in the
institution, according to John A. Mc-
Curdy, secretary of the ex-Students' As
sociation.
Since the University of Texas began
receiving students in 1883, approximately
40,000 people have been registered in the
institution, according to John A. Mc-
Curdy, secretary of the ex-Students' As
sociation.
Since the University of Texas began
receiving students in 1883, approximately
40,000 people have been registered in the
institution, according to John A. Mc-
Curdy, secretary of the ex-Students' As
sociation.
Since the University of Texas began
receiving students in 1883, approximately
40,000 people have been registered in the
institution, according to John A. Mc-
Curdy, secretary of the ex-Students' As
sociation.
Since the University of Texas began
receiving students in 1883, approximately
40,000 people have been registered in the
institution, according to John A. Mc-
Curdy, secretary of the ex-Students' As
sociation.
Since the University of Texas began
receiving students in 1883, approximately
40,000 people have been registered in the
institution, according to John A. Mc-
Curdy, secretary of the ex-Students' As
sociation.
Since the University of Texas began
receiving students in 1883, approximately
40,000 people have been registered in the
institution, according to John A. Mc-
Curdy, secretary of the ex-Students' As
sociation.
Since the University of Texas began
receiving students in 1883, approximately
40,000 people have been registered in the
institution, according to John A. Mc-
Curdy, secretary of the ex-Students' As
sociation.
Since the University of Texas began
receiving students in 1883, approximately
40,000 people have been registered in the
institution, according to John A. Mc-
Curdy, secretary of the ex-Students' As
sociation.
Since the University of Texas began
receiving students in 1883, approximately
40,000 people have been registered in the
institution, according to John A. Mc-
Curdy, secretary of the ex-Students' As
sociation.
Since the University of Texas began
receiving students in 1883, approximately
40,000 people have been registered in the
institution, according to John A. Mc-
Curdy, secretary of the ex-Students' As
sociation.
Since the University of Texas began
receiving students in 1883, approximately
40,000 people have been registered in the
institution, according to John A. Mc-
Curdy, secretary of the ex-Students' As
sociation.
Since the University of Texas began
receiving students in 1883, approximately
40,000 people have been registered in the
institution, according to John A. Mc-
Curdy, secretary of the ex-Students' As
sociation.
Since the University of Texas began
receiving students in 1883, approximately
40,000 people have been registered in the
institution, according to John A. Mc-
Curdy, secretary of the ex-Students' As
sociation.
Since the University of Texas began
receiving students in 1883, approximately
40,000 people have been registered in the
institution, according to John A. Mc-
Curdy, secretary of the ex-Students' As
sociation.
