# Thad McNamara Announces Meeting of Freshman Class
## 
### 
For the discussion of financial matters
and intramural athletics, the Freshman
Class will meet at 12:45 o'clock Tuesday
j in Room 214, according to Thad McNa
mara, president.
For the discussion of financial matters
and intramural athletics, the Freshman
Class will meet at 12:45 o'clock Tuesday
j in Room 214, according to Thad McNa
mara, president.
For the discussion of financial matters
and intramural athletics, the Freshman
Class will meet at 12:45 o'clock Tuesday
j in Room 214, according to Thad McNa
mara, president.
For the discussion of financial matters
and intramural athletics, the Freshman
Class will meet at 12:45 o'clock Tuesday
j in Room 214, according to Thad McNa
mara, president.
For the discussion of financial matters
and intramural athletics, the Freshman
Class will meet at 12:45 o'clock Tuesday
j in Room 214, according to Thad McNa
mara, president.
For the discussion of financial matters
and intramural athletics, the Freshman
Class will meet at 12:45 o'clock Tuesday
j in Room 214, according to Thad McNa
mara, president.
For the discussion of financial matters
and intramural athletics, the Freshman
Class will meet at 12:45 o'clock Tuesday
j in Room 214, according to Thad McNa
mara, president.
For the discussion of financial matters
and intramural athletics, the Freshman
Class will meet at 12:45 o'clock Tuesday
j in Room 214, according to Thad McNa
mara, president.
For the discussion of financial matters
and intramural athletics, the Freshman
Class will meet at 12:45 o'clock Tuesday
j in Room 214, according to Thad McNa
mara, president.
For the discussion of financial matters
and intramural athletics, the Freshman
Class will meet at 12:45 o'clock Tuesday
j in Room 214, according to Thad McNa
mara, president.
For the discussion of financial matters
and intramural athletics, the Freshman
Class will meet at 12:45 o'clock Tuesday
j in Room 214, according to Thad McNa
mara, president.
For the discussion of financial matters
and intramural athletics, the Freshman
Class will meet at 12:45 o'clock Tuesday
j in Room 214, according to Thad McNa
mara, president.
For the discussion of financial matters
and intramural athletics, the Freshman
Class will meet at 12:45 o'clock Tuesday
j in Room 214, according to Thad McNa
mara, president.
For the discussion of financial matters
and intramural athletics, the Freshman
Class will meet at 12:45 o'clock Tuesday
j in Room 214, according to Thad McNa
mara, president.
For the discussion of financial matters
and intramural athletics, the Freshman
Class will meet at 12:45 o'clock Tuesday
j in Room 214, according to Thad McNa
mara, president.
