# Untitled Article
## 
### 
BIFF HOFFMAN, Stanford
triple-threat man, came
into his own against the
Oregon Aggies this year,
and played great football
against the Huskies. Not
only can he pass half the
length of the field, but he
does most of the kicking,
converting, and bucking,
and a good share of the de
fense work.
BIFF HOFFMAN, Stanford
triple-threat man, came
into his own against the
Oregon Aggies this year,
and played great football
against the Huskies. Not
only can he pass half the
length of the field, but he
does most of the kicking,
converting, and bucking,
and a good share of the de
fense work.
BIFF HOFFMAN, Stanford
triple-threat man, came
into his own against the
Oregon Aggies this year,
and played great football
against the Huskies. Not
only can he pass half the
length of the field, but he
does most of the kicking,
converting, and bucking,
and a good share of the de
fense work.
BIFF HOFFMAN, Stanford
triple-threat man, came
into his own against the
Oregon Aggies this year,
and played great football
against the Huskies. Not
only can he pass half the
length of the field, but he
does most of the kicking,
converting, and bucking,
and a good share of the de
fense work.
BIFF HOFFMAN, Stanford
triple-threat man, came
into his own against the
Oregon Aggies this year,
and played great football
against the Huskies. Not
only can he pass half the
length of the field, but he
does most of the kicking,
converting, and bucking,
and a good share of the de
fense work.
BIFF HOFFMAN, Stanford
triple-threat man, came
into his own against the
Oregon Aggies this year,
and played great football
against the Huskies. Not
only can he pass half the
length of the field, but he
does most of the kicking,
converting, and bucking,
and a good share of the de
fense work.
BIFF HOFFMAN, Stanford
triple-threat man, came
into his own against the
Oregon Aggies this year,
and played great football
against the Huskies. Not
only can he pass half the
length of the field, but he
does most of the kicking,
converting, and bucking,
and a good share of the de
fense work.
BIFF HOFFMAN, Stanford
triple-threat man, came
into his own against the
Oregon Aggies this year,
and played great football
against the Huskies. Not
only can he pass half the
length of the field, but he
does most of the kicking,
converting, and bucking,
and a good share of the de
fense work.
BIFF HOFFMAN, Stanford
triple-threat man, came
into his own against the
Oregon Aggies this year,
and played great football
against the Huskies. Not
only can he pass half the
length of the field, but he
does most of the kicking,
converting, and bucking,
and a good share of the de
fense work.
BIFF HOFFMAN, Stanford
triple-threat man, came
into his own against the
Oregon Aggies this year,
and played great football
against the Huskies. Not
only can he pass half the
length of the field, but he
does most of the kicking,
converting, and bucking,
and a good share of the de
fense work.
BIFF HOFFMAN, Stanford
triple-threat man, came
into his own against the
Oregon Aggies this year,
and played great football
against the Huskies. Not
only can he pass half the
length of the field, but he
does most of the kicking,
converting, and bucking,
and a good share of the de
fense work.
BIFF HOFFMAN, Stanford
triple-threat man, came
into his own against the
Oregon Aggies this year,
and played great football
against the Huskies. Not
only can he pass half the
length of the field, but he
does most of the kicking,
converting, and bucking,
and a good share of the de
fense work.
BIFF HOFFMAN, Stanford
triple-threat man, came
into his own against the
Oregon Aggies this year,
and played great football
against the Huskies. Not
only can he pass half the
length of the field, but he
does most of the kicking,
converting, and bucking,
and a good share of the de
fense work.
BIFF HOFFMAN, Stanford
triple-threat man, came
into his own against the
Oregon Aggies this year,
and played great football
against the Huskies. Not
only can he pass half the
length of the field, but he
does most of the kicking,
converting, and bucking,
and a good share of the de
fense work.
BIFF HOFFMAN, Stanford
triple-threat man, came
into his own against the
Oregon Aggies this year,
and played great football
against the Huskies. Not
only can he pass half the
length of the field, but he
does most of the kicking,
converting, and bucking,
and a good share of the de
fense work.
