# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Cambridge University debaters met
the University of Kansas team last
week.
Cambridge University debaters met
the University of Kansas team last
week.
Cambridge University debaters met
the University of Kansas team last
week.
Cambridge University debaters met
the University of Kansas team last
week.
Cambridge University debaters met
the University of Kansas team last
week.
Cambridge University debaters met
the University of Kansas team last
week.
Cambridge University debaters met
the University of Kansas team last
week.
Cambridge University debaters met
the University of Kansas team last
week.
Cambridge University debaters met
the University of Kansas team last
week.
Cambridge University debaters met
the University of Kansas team last
week.
Cambridge University debaters met
the University of Kansas team last
week.
Cambridge University debaters met
the University of Kansas team last
week.
Cambridge University debaters met
the University of Kansas team last
week.
Cambridge University debaters met
the University of Kansas team last
week.
Cambridge University debaters met
the University of Kansas team last
week.
