# Georgetown Has Season's Highest Total Point Score
## 
### 
Georgetown University practically
cinched team scoring honors in the East
for the 1927 season by marking up 47
points against Boston College, and in
creasing its season total to 339 points.
Playing its final game of the season,
Dartmouth scored 53 points against Cor
nell to move into second place witli 280
points. Other leaders in the high-score
race are Pittsburgh, 24 ( ); N.Y.U., 24t>;
and Maine, 245.
Georgetown University practically
cinched team scoring honors in the East
for the 1927 season by marking up 47
points against Boston College, and in
creasing its season total to 339 points.
Playing its final game of the season,
Dartmouth scored 53 points against Cor
nell to move into second place witli 280
points. Other leaders in the high-score
race are Pittsburgh, 24 ( ); N.Y.U., 24t>;
and Maine, 245.
Georgetown University practically
cinched team scoring honors in the East
for the 1927 season by marking up 47
points against Boston College, and in
creasing its season total to 339 points.
Playing its final game of the season,
Dartmouth scored 53 points against Cor
nell to move into second place witli 280
points. Other leaders in the high-score
race are Pittsburgh, 24 ( ); N.Y.U., 24t>;
and Maine, 245.
Georgetown University practically
cinched team scoring honors in the East
for the 1927 season by marking up 47
points against Boston College, and in
creasing its season total to 339 points.
Playing its final game of the season,
Dartmouth scored 53 points against Cor
nell to move into second place witli 280
points. Other leaders in the high-score
race are Pittsburgh, 24 ( ); N.Y.U., 24t>;
and Maine, 245.
Georgetown University practically
cinched team scoring honors in the East
for the 1927 season by marking up 47
points against Boston College, and in
creasing its season total to 339 points.
Playing its final game of the season,
Dartmouth scored 53 points against Cor
nell to move into second place witli 280
points. Other leaders in the high-score
race are Pittsburgh, 24 ( ); N.Y.U., 24t>;
and Maine, 245.
Georgetown University practically
cinched team scoring honors in the East
for the 1927 season by marking up 47
points against Boston College, and in
creasing its season total to 339 points.
Playing its final game of the season,
Dartmouth scored 53 points against Cor
nell to move into second place witli 280
points. Other leaders in the high-score
race are Pittsburgh, 24 ( ); N.Y.U., 24t>;
and Maine, 245.
Georgetown University practically
cinched team scoring honors in the East
for the 1927 season by marking up 47
points against Boston College, and in
creasing its season total to 339 points.
Playing its final game of the season,
Dartmouth scored 53 points against Cor
nell to move into second place witli 280
points. Other leaders in the high-score
race are Pittsburgh, 24 ( ); N.Y.U., 24t>;
and Maine, 245.
Georgetown University practically
cinched team scoring honors in the East
for the 1927 season by marking up 47
points against Boston College, and in
creasing its season total to 339 points.
Playing its final game of the season,
Dartmouth scored 53 points against Cor
nell to move into second place witli 280
points. Other leaders in the high-score
race are Pittsburgh, 24 ( ); N.Y.U., 24t>;
and Maine, 245.
Georgetown University practically
cinched team scoring honors in the East
for the 1927 season by marking up 47
points against Boston College, and in
creasing its season total to 339 points.
Playing its final game of the season,
Dartmouth scored 53 points against Cor
nell to move into second place witli 280
points. Other leaders in the high-score
race are Pittsburgh, 24 ( ); N.Y.U., 24t>;
and Maine, 245.
Georgetown University practically
cinched team scoring honors in the East
for the 1927 season by marking up 47
points against Boston College, and in
creasing its season total to 339 points.
Playing its final game of the season,
Dartmouth scored 53 points against Cor
nell to move into second place witli 280
points. Other leaders in the high-score
race are Pittsburgh, 24 ( ); N.Y.U., 24t>;
and Maine, 245.
Georgetown University practically
cinched team scoring honors in the East
for the 1927 season by marking up 47
points against Boston College, and in
creasing its season total to 339 points.
Playing its final game of the season,
Dartmouth scored 53 points against Cor
nell to move into second place witli 280
points. Other leaders in the high-score
race are Pittsburgh, 24 ( ); N.Y.U., 24t>;
and Maine, 245.
Georgetown University practically
cinched team scoring honors in the East
for the 1927 season by marking up 47
points against Boston College, and in
creasing its season total to 339 points.
Playing its final game of the season,
Dartmouth scored 53 points against Cor
nell to move into second place witli 280
points. Other leaders in the high-score
race are Pittsburgh, 24 ( ); N.Y.U., 24t>;
and Maine, 245.
Georgetown University practically
cinched team scoring honors in the East
for the 1927 season by marking up 47
points against Boston College, and in
creasing its season total to 339 points.
Playing its final game of the season,
Dartmouth scored 53 points against Cor
nell to move into second place witli 280
points. Other leaders in the high-score
race are Pittsburgh, 24 ( ); N.Y.U., 24t>;
and Maine, 245.
Georgetown University practically
cinched team scoring honors in the East
for the 1927 season by marking up 47
points against Boston College, and in
creasing its season total to 339 points.
Playing its final game of the season,
Dartmouth scored 53 points against Cor
nell to move into second place witli 280
points. Other leaders in the high-score
race are Pittsburgh, 24 ( ); N.Y.U., 24t>;
and Maine, 245.
Georgetown University practically
cinched team scoring honors in the East
for the 1927 season by marking up 47
points against Boston College, and in
creasing its season total to 339 points.
Playing its final game of the season,
Dartmouth scored 53 points against Cor
nell to move into second place witli 280
points. Other leaders in the high-score
race are Pittsburgh, 24 ( ); N.Y.U., 24t>;
and Maine, 245.
