# Untitled Article
## 
### 
While teaching courses in international
relations and national administration at
the University of Hawaii during the next
summer, Dr. C. P. Patterson, professor
of government in the University of
Texas, will write a monograph dealing
with territorial government in Hawaii.
While teaching courses in international
relations and national administration at
the University of Hawaii during the next
summer, Dr. C. P. Patterson, professor
of government in the University of
Texas, will write a monograph dealing
with territorial government in Hawaii.
While teaching courses in international
relations and national administration at
the University of Hawaii during the next
summer, Dr. C. P. Patterson, professor
of government in the University of
Texas, will write a monograph dealing
with territorial government in Hawaii.
While teaching courses in international
relations and national administration at
the University of Hawaii during the next
summer, Dr. C. P. Patterson, professor
of government in the University of
Texas, will write a monograph dealing
with territorial government in Hawaii.
While teaching courses in international
relations and national administration at
the University of Hawaii during the next
summer, Dr. C. P. Patterson, professor
of government in the University of
Texas, will write a monograph dealing
with territorial government in Hawaii.
While teaching courses in international
relations and national administration at
the University of Hawaii during the next
summer, Dr. C. P. Patterson, professor
of government in the University of
Texas, will write a monograph dealing
with territorial government in Hawaii.
While teaching courses in international
relations and national administration at
the University of Hawaii during the next
summer, Dr. C. P. Patterson, professor
of government in the University of
Texas, will write a monograph dealing
with territorial government in Hawaii.
While teaching courses in international
relations and national administration at
the University of Hawaii during the next
summer, Dr. C. P. Patterson, professor
of government in the University of
Texas, will write a monograph dealing
with territorial government in Hawaii.
While teaching courses in international
relations and national administration at
the University of Hawaii during the next
summer, Dr. C. P. Patterson, professor
of government in the University of
Texas, will write a monograph dealing
with territorial government in Hawaii.
While teaching courses in international
relations and national administration at
the University of Hawaii during the next
summer, Dr. C. P. Patterson, professor
of government in the University of
Texas, will write a monograph dealing
with territorial government in Hawaii.
While teaching courses in international
relations and national administration at
the University of Hawaii during the next
summer, Dr. C. P. Patterson, professor
of government in the University of
Texas, will write a monograph dealing
with territorial government in Hawaii.
While teaching courses in international
relations and national administration at
the University of Hawaii during the next
summer, Dr. C. P. Patterson, professor
of government in the University of
Texas, will write a monograph dealing
with territorial government in Hawaii.
While teaching courses in international
relations and national administration at
the University of Hawaii during the next
summer, Dr. C. P. Patterson, professor
of government in the University of
Texas, will write a monograph dealing
with territorial government in Hawaii.
While teaching courses in international
relations and national administration at
the University of Hawaii during the next
summer, Dr. C. P. Patterson, professor
of government in the University of
Texas, will write a monograph dealing
with territorial government in Hawaii.
While teaching courses in international
relations and national administration at
the University of Hawaii during the next
summer, Dr. C. P. Patterson, professor
of government in the University of
Texas, will write a monograph dealing
with territorial government in Hawaii.
