# Sarousophone Presented To Band by Schwabacher
## 
### 
Arrival of a sarousophone, the gift of
Samuel I. Schwabacher, 08, will add one
more rare instrument to the reed section
of the Stanford Band to make the reed
section complete in every detail. Last
year two Sousaphones were presented to
the band by Schwabacher for use in the
Big Game.
Arrival of a sarousophone, the gift of
Samuel I. Schwabacher, 08, will add one
more rare instrument to the reed section
of the Stanford Band to make the reed
section complete in every detail. Last
year two Sousaphones were presented to
the band by Schwabacher for use in the
Big Game.
Arrival of a sarousophone, the gift of
Samuel I. Schwabacher, 08, will add one
more rare instrument to the reed section
of the Stanford Band to make the reed
section complete in every detail. Last
year two Sousaphones were presented to
the band by Schwabacher for use in the
Big Game.
Arrival of a sarousophone, the gift of
Samuel I. Schwabacher, 08, will add one
more rare instrument to the reed section
of the Stanford Band to make the reed
section complete in every detail. Last
year two Sousaphones were presented to
the band by Schwabacher for use in the
Big Game.
Arrival of a sarousophone, the gift of
Samuel I. Schwabacher, 08, will add one
more rare instrument to the reed section
of the Stanford Band to make the reed
section complete in every detail. Last
year two Sousaphones were presented to
the band by Schwabacher for use in the
Big Game.
Arrival of a sarousophone, the gift of
Samuel I. Schwabacher, 08, will add one
more rare instrument to the reed section
of the Stanford Band to make the reed
section complete in every detail. Last
year two Sousaphones were presented to
the band by Schwabacher for use in the
Big Game.
Arrival of a sarousophone, the gift of
Samuel I. Schwabacher, 08, will add one
more rare instrument to the reed section
of the Stanford Band to make the reed
section complete in every detail. Last
year two Sousaphones were presented to
the band by Schwabacher for use in the
Big Game.
Arrival of a sarousophone, the gift of
Samuel I. Schwabacher, 08, will add one
more rare instrument to the reed section
of the Stanford Band to make the reed
section complete in every detail. Last
year two Sousaphones were presented to
the band by Schwabacher for use in the
Big Game.
Arrival of a sarousophone, the gift of
Samuel I. Schwabacher, 08, will add one
more rare instrument to the reed section
of the Stanford Band to make the reed
section complete in every detail. Last
year two Sousaphones were presented to
the band by Schwabacher for use in the
Big Game.
Arrival of a sarousophone, the gift of
Samuel I. Schwabacher, 08, will add one
more rare instrument to the reed section
of the Stanford Band to make the reed
section complete in every detail. Last
year two Sousaphones were presented to
the band by Schwabacher for use in the
Big Game.
Arrival of a sarousophone, the gift of
Samuel I. Schwabacher, 08, will add one
more rare instrument to the reed section
of the Stanford Band to make the reed
section complete in every detail. Last
year two Sousaphones were presented to
the band by Schwabacher for use in the
Big Game.
Arrival of a sarousophone, the gift of
Samuel I. Schwabacher, 08, will add one
more rare instrument to the reed section
of the Stanford Band to make the reed
section complete in every detail. Last
year two Sousaphones were presented to
the band by Schwabacher for use in the
Big Game.
Arrival of a sarousophone, the gift of
Samuel I. Schwabacher, 08, will add one
more rare instrument to the reed section
of the Stanford Band to make the reed
section complete in every detail. Last
year two Sousaphones were presented to
the band by Schwabacher for use in the
Big Game.
Arrival of a sarousophone, the gift of
Samuel I. Schwabacher, 08, will add one
more rare instrument to the reed section
of the Stanford Band to make the reed
section complete in every detail. Last
year two Sousaphones were presented to
the band by Schwabacher for use in the
Big Game.
Arrival of a sarousophone, the gift of
Samuel I. Schwabacher, 08, will add one
more rare instrument to the reed section
of the Stanford Band to make the reed
section complete in every detail. Last
year two Sousaphones were presented to
the band by Schwabacher for use in the
Big Game.
