# Untitled Article
## 
### 
No airplanes will be allowed to fly
over the stadium during the Big Game.
No airplanes will be allowed to fly
over the stadium during the Big Game.
No airplanes will be allowed to fly
over the stadium during the Big Game.
No airplanes will be allowed to fly
over the stadium during the Big Game.
No airplanes will be allowed to fly
over the stadium during the Big Game.
No airplanes will be allowed to fly
over the stadium during the Big Game.
No airplanes will be allowed to fly
over the stadium during the Big Game.
No airplanes will be allowed to fly
over the stadium during the Big Game.
No airplanes will be allowed to fly
over the stadium during the Big Game.
No airplanes will be allowed to fly
over the stadium during the Big Game.
No airplanes will be allowed to fly
over the stadium during the Big Game.
No airplanes will be allowed to fly
over the stadium during the Big Game.
No airplanes will be allowed to fly
over the stadium during the Big Game.
No airplanes will be allowed to fly
over the stadium during the Big Game.
No airplanes will be allowed to fly
over the stadium during the Big Game.
