# CHOICE OF NEW YEAR'S TEAMS UNDETERMINED
## 
### 
Despite several rumors published in
Southern California papers to the effect
that the Washington and Jefferson Presi
dents will be the eastern team to play in
the annual east-west football game held
in conjunction with the Tournament of
Roses on New Year's Day, officials of the
Pasadena Tournament arc silent on their
choice of teams,
Despite several rumors published in
Southern California papers to the effect
that the Washington and Jefferson Presi
dents will be the eastern team to play in
the annual east-west football game held
in conjunction with the Tournament of
Roses on New Year's Day, officials of the
Pasadena Tournament arc silent on their
choice of teams,
Despite several rumors published in
Southern California papers to the effect
that the Washington and Jefferson Presi
dents will be the eastern team to play in
the annual east-west football game held
in conjunction with the Tournament of
Roses on New Year's Day, officials of the
Pasadena Tournament arc silent on their
choice of teams,
Despite several rumors published in
Southern California papers to the effect
that the Washington and Jefferson Presi
dents will be the eastern team to play in
the annual east-west football game held
in conjunction with the Tournament of
Roses on New Year's Day, officials of the
Pasadena Tournament arc silent on their
choice of teams,
Despite several rumors published in
Southern California papers to the effect
that the Washington and Jefferson Presi
dents will be the eastern team to play in
the annual east-west football game held
in conjunction with the Tournament of
Roses on New Year's Day, officials of the
Pasadena Tournament arc silent on their
choice of teams,
Despite several rumors published in
Southern California papers to the effect
that the Washington and Jefferson Presi
dents will be the eastern team to play in
the annual east-west football game held
in conjunction with the Tournament of
Roses on New Year's Day, officials of the
Pasadena Tournament arc silent on their
choice of teams,
Despite several rumors published in
Southern California papers to the effect
that the Washington and Jefferson Presi
dents will be the eastern team to play in
the annual east-west football game held
in conjunction with the Tournament of
Roses on New Year's Day, officials of the
Pasadena Tournament arc silent on their
choice of teams,
Despite several rumors published in
Southern California papers to the effect
that the Washington and Jefferson Presi
dents will be the eastern team to play in
the annual east-west football game held
in conjunction with the Tournament of
Roses on New Year's Day, officials of the
Pasadena Tournament arc silent on their
choice of teams,
Despite several rumors published in
Southern California papers to the effect
that the Washington and Jefferson Presi
dents will be the eastern team to play in
the annual east-west football game held
in conjunction with the Tournament of
Roses on New Year's Day, officials of the
Pasadena Tournament arc silent on their
choice of teams,
Despite several rumors published in
Southern California papers to the effect
that the Washington and Jefferson Presi
dents will be the eastern team to play in
the annual east-west football game held
in conjunction with the Tournament of
Roses on New Year's Day, officials of the
Pasadena Tournament arc silent on their
choice of teams,
Despite several rumors published in
Southern California papers to the effect
that the Washington and Jefferson Presi
dents will be the eastern team to play in
the annual east-west football game held
in conjunction with the Tournament of
Roses on New Year's Day, officials of the
Pasadena Tournament arc silent on their
choice of teams,
Despite several rumors published in
Southern California papers to the effect
that the Washington and Jefferson Presi
dents will be the eastern team to play in
the annual east-west football game held
in conjunction with the Tournament of
Roses on New Year's Day, officials of the
Pasadena Tournament arc silent on their
choice of teams,
Despite several rumors published in
Southern California papers to the effect
that the Washington and Jefferson Presi
dents will be the eastern team to play in
the annual east-west football game held
in conjunction with the Tournament of
Roses on New Year's Day, officials of the
Pasadena Tournament arc silent on their
choice of teams,
Despite several rumors published in
Southern California papers to the effect
that the Washington and Jefferson Presi
dents will be the eastern team to play in
the annual east-west football game held
in conjunction with the Tournament of
Roses on New Year's Day, officials of the
Pasadena Tournament arc silent on their
choice of teams,
Despite several rumors published in
Southern California papers to the effect
that the Washington and Jefferson Presi
dents will be the eastern team to play in
the annual east-west football game held
in conjunction with the Tournament of
Roses on New Year's Day, officials of the
Pasadena Tournament arc silent on their
choice of teams,
