# Geologists to Hold Dinner Tomorrow
## 
### 
Members of the Geological Mining
Society will hold a banquet in the
Phi Psi house tomorrow evening at
6:15 o'clock.
Scheduled to address the group is
Professor Austin Flint Rogers, head
of the geology department, who re
cently returned from an extensive
mineralogical survey in Europe.
Archaeologists have found that
gloves were used by the early cave
Members of the Geological Mining
Society will hold a banquet in the
Phi Psi house tomorrow evening at
6:15 o'clock.
Scheduled to address the group is
Professor Austin Flint Rogers, head
of the geology department, who re
cently returned from an extensive
mineralogical survey in Europe.
Archaeologists have found that
gloves were used by the early cave
Members of the Geological Mining
Society will hold a banquet in the
Phi Psi house tomorrow evening at
6:15 o'clock.
Scheduled to address the group is
Professor Austin Flint Rogers, head
of the geology department, who re
cently returned from an extensive
mineralogical survey in Europe.
Archaeologists have found that
gloves were used by the early cave
Members of the Geological Mining
Society will hold a banquet in the
Phi Psi house tomorrow evening at
6:15 o'clock.
Scheduled to address the group is
Professor Austin Flint Rogers, head
of the geology department, who re
cently returned from an extensive
mineralogical survey in Europe.
Archaeologists have found that
gloves were used by the early cave
Members of the Geological Mining
Society will hold a banquet in the
Phi Psi house tomorrow evening at
6:15 o'clock.
Scheduled to address the group is
Professor Austin Flint Rogers, head
of the geology department, who re
cently returned from an extensive
mineralogical survey in Europe.
Archaeologists have found that
gloves were used by the early cave
Members of the Geological Mining
Society will hold a banquet in the
Phi Psi house tomorrow evening at
6:15 o'clock.
Scheduled to address the group is
Professor Austin Flint Rogers, head
of the geology department, who re
cently returned from an extensive
mineralogical survey in Europe.
Archaeologists have found that
gloves were used by the early cave
Members of the Geological Mining
Society will hold a banquet in the
Phi Psi house tomorrow evening at
6:15 o'clock.
Scheduled to address the group is
Professor Austin Flint Rogers, head
of the geology department, who re
cently returned from an extensive
mineralogical survey in Europe.
Archaeologists have found that
gloves were used by the early cave
Members of the Geological Mining
Society will hold a banquet in the
Phi Psi house tomorrow evening at
6:15 o'clock.
Scheduled to address the group is
Professor Austin Flint Rogers, head
of the geology department, who re
cently returned from an extensive
mineralogical survey in Europe.
Archaeologists have found that
gloves were used by the early cave
Members of the Geological Mining
Society will hold a banquet in the
Phi Psi house tomorrow evening at
6:15 o'clock.
Scheduled to address the group is
Professor Austin Flint Rogers, head
of the geology department, who re
cently returned from an extensive
mineralogical survey in Europe.
Archaeologists have found that
gloves were used by the early cave
Members of the Geological Mining
Society will hold a banquet in the
Phi Psi house tomorrow evening at
6:15 o'clock.
Scheduled to address the group is
Professor Austin Flint Rogers, head
of the geology department, who re
cently returned from an extensive
mineralogical survey in Europe.
Archaeologists have found that
gloves were used by the early cave
Members of the Geological Mining
Society will hold a banquet in the
Phi Psi house tomorrow evening at
6:15 o'clock.
Scheduled to address the group is
Professor Austin Flint Rogers, head
of the geology department, who re
cently returned from an extensive
mineralogical survey in Europe.
Archaeologists have found that
gloves were used by the early cave
Members of the Geological Mining
Society will hold a banquet in the
Phi Psi house tomorrow evening at
6:15 o'clock.
Scheduled to address the group is
Professor Austin Flint Rogers, head
of the geology department, who re
cently returned from an extensive
mineralogical survey in Europe.
Archaeologists have found that
gloves were used by the early cave
Members of the Geological Mining
Society will hold a banquet in the
Phi Psi house tomorrow evening at
6:15 o'clock.
Scheduled to address the group is
Professor Austin Flint Rogers, head
of the geology department, who re
cently returned from an extensive
mineralogical survey in Europe.
Archaeologists have found that
gloves were used by the early cave
Members of the Geological Mining
Society will hold a banquet in the
Phi Psi house tomorrow evening at
6:15 o'clock.
Scheduled to address the group is
Professor Austin Flint Rogers, head
of the geology department, who re
cently returned from an extensive
mineralogical survey in Europe.
Archaeologists have found that
gloves were used by the early cave
Members of the Geological Mining
Society will hold a banquet in the
Phi Psi house tomorrow evening at
6:15 o'clock.
Scheduled to address the group is
Professor Austin Flint Rogers, head
of the geology department, who re
cently returned from an extensive
mineralogical survey in Europe.
Archaeologists have found that
gloves were used by the early cave
Members of the Geological Mining
Society will hold a banquet in the
Phi Psi house tomorrow evening at
6:15 o'clock.
Scheduled to address the group is
Professor Austin Flint Rogers, head
of the geology department, who re
cently returned from an extensive
mineralogical survey in Europe.
Archaeologists have found that
gloves were used by the early cave
