# Adv. 18 Page 8
## 
### 
Seashells.
Driftwood.
Skin
cancer.
mm
It's
amazing what
kids pick up
at the
beach.
Over a lifetime, one in
live Americans will develop
skin cancer. Don't let your
child be the one. For more
information, see your
dermatologist.
C.nN ( „
* '<1
?AAD 1 www.aad.org
1,38 o°
Seashells.
Driftwood.
Skin
cancer.
mm
It's
amazing what
kids pick up
at the
beach.
Over a lifetime, one in
live Americans will develop
skin cancer. Don't let your
child be the one. For more
information, see your
dermatologist.
C.nN ( „
* '<1
?AAD 1 www.aad.org
1,38 o°
Seashells.
Driftwood.
Skin
cancer.
mm
It's
amazing what
kids pick up
at the
beach.
Over a lifetime, one in
live Americans will develop
skin cancer. Don't let your
child be the one. For more
information, see your
dermatologist.
C.nN ( „
* '<1
?AAD 1 www.aad.org
1,38 o°
Seashells.
Driftwood.
Skin
cancer.
mm
It's
amazing what
kids pick up
at the
beach.
Over a lifetime, one in
live Americans will develop
skin cancer. Don't let your
child be the one. For more
information, see your
dermatologist.
C.nN ( „
* '<1
?AAD 1 www.aad.org
1,38 o°
Seashells.
Driftwood.
Skin
cancer.
mm
It's
amazing what
kids pick up
at the
beach.
Over a lifetime, one in
live Americans will develop
skin cancer. Don't let your
child be the one. For more
information, see your
dermatologist.
C.nN ( „
* '<1
?AAD 1 www.aad.org
1,38 o°
