# THE 						REVIEWER
## 
### 
THE GOOD OLD SOAK
Stanford Theater
Taken from a standpoint of good
comedy entertainment, "The Good
Old Soak" proved to be a disappoint
ment. It concerns a sot (Wallace
Beery) who gets into trouble with
his wife when some stock she has
been saving disappears. The real
thief is the son but the fact is only
known to the drinking father and a
rich banker. The boy sold the stock
to the banker for $1400 dollars and
a few days later the market jumped
to $115 a share. To get his son out
of the difficulty he was in and to
square things with his wife, Mr.
Hawley (the drunk) goes to the
banker, threatens him with all sorts
of evil if the latter won't give the
rest of the money gained from the
stock. The banker finally gives in
and the pictures endsâ€”the same way
all good stories end.
