# RALLY COMMITTEE INTERVIEWS
## 
### 
Cardinal Chairman Chick
Franich announces tryoutee
interviews for Rally Committee
and Cardinals in the A.S.S.U.
offices from 1 to 3 o'clock to
day, tomorrow, and Wednes
day.
Intel-views will be with Dick
Stark, T. M. McDaniel, chair
man of Rally Committee, and
Barbara Murphy, Cardinal sec
retary. Tryoutees are asked to
come prepared to list offices
held while at college.
Cardinal Chairman Chick
Franich announces tryoutee
interviews for Rally Committee
and Cardinals in the A.S.S.U.
offices from 1 to 3 o'clock to
day, tomorrow, and Wednes
day.
Intel-views will be with Dick
Stark, T. M. McDaniel, chair
man of Rally Committee, and
Barbara Murphy, Cardinal sec
retary. Tryoutees are asked to
come prepared to list offices
held while at college.
Cardinal Chairman Chick
Franich announces tryoutee
interviews for Rally Committee
and Cardinals in the A.S.S.U.
offices from 1 to 3 o'clock to
day, tomorrow, and Wednes
day.
Intel-views will be with Dick
Stark, T. M. McDaniel, chair
man of Rally Committee, and
Barbara Murphy, Cardinal sec
retary. Tryoutees are asked to
come prepared to list offices
held while at college.
Cardinal Chairman Chick
Franich announces tryoutee
interviews for Rally Committee
and Cardinals in the A.S.S.U.
offices from 1 to 3 o'clock to
day, tomorrow, and Wednes
day.
Intel-views will be with Dick
Stark, T. M. McDaniel, chair
man of Rally Committee, and
Barbara Murphy, Cardinal sec
retary. Tryoutees are asked to
come prepared to list offices
held while at college.
Cardinal Chairman Chick
Franich announces tryoutee
interviews for Rally Committee
and Cardinals in the A.S.S.U.
offices from 1 to 3 o'clock to
day, tomorrow, and Wednes
day.
Intel-views will be with Dick
Stark, T. M. McDaniel, chair
man of Rally Committee, and
Barbara Murphy, Cardinal sec
retary. Tryoutees are asked to
come prepared to list offices
held while at college.
Cardinal Chairman Chick
Franich announces tryoutee
interviews for Rally Committee
and Cardinals in the A.S.S.U.
offices from 1 to 3 o'clock to
day, tomorrow, and Wednes
day.
Intel-views will be with Dick
Stark, T. M. McDaniel, chair
man of Rally Committee, and
Barbara Murphy, Cardinal sec
retary. Tryoutees are asked to
come prepared to list offices
held while at college.
Cardinal Chairman Chick
Franich announces tryoutee
interviews for Rally Committee
and Cardinals in the A.S.S.U.
offices from 1 to 3 o'clock to
day, tomorrow, and Wednes
day.
Intel-views will be with Dick
Stark, T. M. McDaniel, chair
man of Rally Committee, and
Barbara Murphy, Cardinal sec
retary. Tryoutees are asked to
come prepared to list offices
held while at college.
Cardinal Chairman Chick
Franich announces tryoutee
interviews for Rally Committee
and Cardinals in the A.S.S.U.
offices from 1 to 3 o'clock to
day, tomorrow, and Wednes
day.
Intel-views will be with Dick
Stark, T. M. McDaniel, chair
man of Rally Committee, and
Barbara Murphy, Cardinal sec
retary. Tryoutees are asked to
come prepared to list offices
held while at college.
Cardinal Chairman Chick
Franich announces tryoutee
interviews for Rally Committee
and Cardinals in the A.S.S.U.
offices from 1 to 3 o'clock to
day, tomorrow, and Wednes
day.
Intel-views will be with Dick
Stark, T. M. McDaniel, chair
man of Rally Committee, and
Barbara Murphy, Cardinal sec
retary. Tryoutees are asked to
come prepared to list offices
held while at college.
Cardinal Chairman Chick
Franich announces tryoutee
interviews for Rally Committee
and Cardinals in the A.S.S.U.
offices from 1 to 3 o'clock to
day, tomorrow, and Wednes
day.
Intel-views will be with Dick
Stark, T. M. McDaniel, chair
man of Rally Committee, and
Barbara Murphy, Cardinal sec
retary. Tryoutees are asked to
come prepared to list offices
held while at college.
Cardinal Chairman Chick
Franich announces tryoutee
interviews for Rally Committee
and Cardinals in the A.S.S.U.
offices from 1 to 3 o'clock to
day, tomorrow, and Wednes
day.
Intel-views will be with Dick
Stark, T. M. McDaniel, chair
man of Rally Committee, and
Barbara Murphy, Cardinal sec
retary. Tryoutees are asked to
come prepared to list offices
held while at college.
Cardinal Chairman Chick
Franich announces tryoutee
interviews for Rally Committee
and Cardinals in the A.S.S.U.
offices from 1 to 3 o'clock to
day, tomorrow, and Wednes
day.
Intel-views will be with Dick
Stark, T. M. McDaniel, chair
man of Rally Committee, and
Barbara Murphy, Cardinal sec
retary. Tryoutees are asked to
come prepared to list offices
held while at college.
Cardinal Chairman Chick
Franich announces tryoutee
interviews for Rally Committee
and Cardinals in the A.S.S.U.
offices from 1 to 3 o'clock to
day, tomorrow, and Wednes
day.
Intel-views will be with Dick
Stark, T. M. McDaniel, chair
man of Rally Committee, and
Barbara Murphy, Cardinal sec
retary. Tryoutees are asked to
come prepared to list offices
held while at college.
Cardinal Chairman Chick
Franich announces tryoutee
interviews for Rally Committee
and Cardinals in the A.S.S.U.
offices from 1 to 3 o'clock to
day, tomorrow, and Wednes
day.
Intel-views will be with Dick
Stark, T. M. McDaniel, chair
man of Rally Committee, and
Barbara Murphy, Cardinal sec
retary. Tryoutees are asked to
come prepared to list offices
held while at college.
Cardinal Chairman Chick
Franich announces tryoutee
interviews for Rally Committee
and Cardinals in the A.S.S.U.
offices from 1 to 3 o'clock to
day, tomorrow, and Wednes
day.
Intel-views will be with Dick
Stark, T. M. McDaniel, chair
man of Rally Committee, and
Barbara Murphy, Cardinal sec
retary. Tryoutees are asked to
come prepared to list offices
held while at college.
