# GIANT KILLERS OF HOOP CIRCUIT
## 
### 

Three members of the University of California at Los Angeles
basketball squad who provide formidable opposition for conference
opponents. The Bruins have a habit of unexpectedly defeating the
leaders. (Associated Press Photos)

Three members of the University of California at Los Angeles
basketball squad who provide formidable opposition for conference
opponents. The Bruins have a habit of unexpectedly defeating the
leaders. (Associated Press Photos)

Three members of the University of California at Los Angeles
basketball squad who provide formidable opposition for conference
opponents. The Bruins have a habit of unexpectedly defeating the
leaders. (Associated Press Photos)

Three members of the University of California at Los Angeles
basketball squad who provide formidable opposition for conference
opponents. The Bruins have a habit of unexpectedly defeating the
leaders. (Associated Press Photos)

Three members of the University of California at Los Angeles
basketball squad who provide formidable opposition for conference
opponents. The Bruins have a habit of unexpectedly defeating the
leaders. (Associated Press Photos)

Three members of the University of California at Los Angeles
basketball squad who provide formidable opposition for conference
opponents. The Bruins have a habit of unexpectedly defeating the
leaders. (Associated Press Photos)

Three members of the University of California at Los Angeles
basketball squad who provide formidable opposition for conference
opponents. The Bruins have a habit of unexpectedly defeating the
leaders. (Associated Press Photos)

Three members of the University of California at Los Angeles
basketball squad who provide formidable opposition for conference
opponents. The Bruins have a habit of unexpectedly defeating the
leaders. (Associated Press Photos)

Three members of the University of California at Los Angeles
basketball squad who provide formidable opposition for conference
opponents. The Bruins have a habit of unexpectedly defeating the
leaders. (Associated Press Photos)

Three members of the University of California at Los Angeles
basketball squad who provide formidable opposition for conference
opponents. The Bruins have a habit of unexpectedly defeating the
leaders. (Associated Press Photos)

Three members of the University of California at Los Angeles
basketball squad who provide formidable opposition for conference
opponents. The Bruins have a habit of unexpectedly defeating the
leaders. (Associated Press Photos)

Three members of the University of California at Los Angeles
basketball squad who provide formidable opposition for conference
opponents. The Bruins have a habit of unexpectedly defeating the
leaders. (Associated Press Photos)

Three members of the University of California at Los Angeles
basketball squad who provide formidable opposition for conference
opponents. The Bruins have a habit of unexpectedly defeating the
leaders. (Associated Press Photos)

Three members of the University of California at Los Angeles
basketball squad who provide formidable opposition for conference
opponents. The Bruins have a habit of unexpectedly defeating the
leaders. (Associated Press Photos)
