# Riflemen Shoot Imposing Score
## 
### 
Stanford's rifle team last week
fired its first match of the year on
its range under the Administration
Building in correspondence compe
tition with Columbia University,
Mississippi A. and M., University of
Akron, and Georgia Tech, running
up a team total of 1863. This is 26
points better than the University
championship team made in the first
meet last year.
The highest five men on the team
shot the following scores: Pascoe
379, White 378, Kelsey 373, Bader
369, Waltman 364.
Their opponents' scores are not
available at this time, since' they
must be received by mail. However,
plans are now maturing for ashoul
dcr-to-shoulder match with the
University of California at Berkeley
in the very near future.
Stanford's rifle team last week
fired its first match of the year on
its range under the Administration
Building in correspondence compe
tition with Columbia University,
Mississippi A. and M., University of
Akron, and Georgia Tech, running
up a team total of 1863. This is 26
points better than the University
championship team made in the first
meet last year.
The highest five men on the team
shot the following scores: Pascoe
379, White 378, Kelsey 373, Bader
369, Waltman 364.
Their opponents' scores are not
available at this time, since' they
must be received by mail. However,
plans are now maturing for ashoul
dcr-to-shoulder match with the
University of California at Berkeley
in the very near future.
Stanford's rifle team last week
fired its first match of the year on
its range under the Administration
Building in correspondence compe
tition with Columbia University,
Mississippi A. and M., University of
Akron, and Georgia Tech, running
up a team total of 1863. This is 26
points better than the University
championship team made in the first
meet last year.
The highest five men on the team
shot the following scores: Pascoe
379, White 378, Kelsey 373, Bader
369, Waltman 364.
Their opponents' scores are not
available at this time, since' they
must be received by mail. However,
plans are now maturing for ashoul
dcr-to-shoulder match with the
University of California at Berkeley
in the very near future.
Stanford's rifle team last week
fired its first match of the year on
its range under the Administration
Building in correspondence compe
tition with Columbia University,
Mississippi A. and M., University of
Akron, and Georgia Tech, running
up a team total of 1863. This is 26
points better than the University
championship team made in the first
meet last year.
The highest five men on the team
shot the following scores: Pascoe
379, White 378, Kelsey 373, Bader
369, Waltman 364.
Their opponents' scores are not
available at this time, since' they
must be received by mail. However,
plans are now maturing for ashoul
dcr-to-shoulder match with the
University of California at Berkeley
in the very near future.
Stanford's rifle team last week
fired its first match of the year on
its range under the Administration
Building in correspondence compe
tition with Columbia University,
Mississippi A. and M., University of
Akron, and Georgia Tech, running
up a team total of 1863. This is 26
points better than the University
championship team made in the first
meet last year.
The highest five men on the team
shot the following scores: Pascoe
379, White 378, Kelsey 373, Bader
369, Waltman 364.
Their opponents' scores are not
available at this time, since' they
must be received by mail. However,
plans are now maturing for ashoul
dcr-to-shoulder match with the
University of California at Berkeley
in the very near future.
Stanford's rifle team last week
fired its first match of the year on
its range under the Administration
Building in correspondence compe
tition with Columbia University,
Mississippi A. and M., University of
Akron, and Georgia Tech, running
up a team total of 1863. This is 26
points better than the University
championship team made in the first
meet last year.
The highest five men on the team
shot the following scores: Pascoe
379, White 378, Kelsey 373, Bader
369, Waltman 364.
Their opponents' scores are not
available at this time, since' they
must be received by mail. However,
plans are now maturing for ashoul
dcr-to-shoulder match with the
University of California at Berkeley
in the very near future.
Stanford's rifle team last week
fired its first match of the year on
its range under the Administration
Building in correspondence compe
tition with Columbia University,
Mississippi A. and M., University of
Akron, and Georgia Tech, running
up a team total of 1863. This is 26
points better than the University
championship team made in the first
meet last year.
The highest five men on the team
shot the following scores: Pascoe
379, White 378, Kelsey 373, Bader
369, Waltman 364.
Their opponents' scores are not
available at this time, since' they
must be received by mail. However,
plans are now maturing for ashoul
dcr-to-shoulder match with the
University of California at Berkeley
in the very near future.
Stanford's rifle team last week
fired its first match of the year on
its range under the Administration
Building in correspondence compe
tition with Columbia University,
Mississippi A. and M., University of
Akron, and Georgia Tech, running
up a team total of 1863. This is 26
points better than the University
championship team made in the first
meet last year.
The highest five men on the team
shot the following scores: Pascoe
379, White 378, Kelsey 373, Bader
369, Waltman 364.
Their opponents' scores are not
available at this time, since' they
must be received by mail. However,
plans are now maturing for ashoul
dcr-to-shoulder match with the
University of California at Berkeley
in the very near future.
Stanford's rifle team last week
fired its first match of the year on
its range under the Administration
Building in correspondence compe
tition with Columbia University,
Mississippi A. and M., University of
Akron, and Georgia Tech, running
up a team total of 1863. This is 26
points better than the University
championship team made in the first
meet last year.
The highest five men on the team
shot the following scores: Pascoe
379, White 378, Kelsey 373, Bader
369, Waltman 364.
Their opponents' scores are not
available at this time, since' they
must be received by mail. However,
plans are now maturing for ashoul
dcr-to-shoulder match with the
University of California at Berkeley
in the very near future.
Stanford's rifle team last week
fired its first match of the year on
its range under the Administration
Building in correspondence compe
tition with Columbia University,
Mississippi A. and M., University of
Akron, and Georgia Tech, running
up a team total of 1863. This is 26
points better than the University
championship team made in the first
meet last year.
The highest five men on the team
shot the following scores: Pascoe
379, White 378, Kelsey 373, Bader
369, Waltman 364.
Their opponents' scores are not
available at this time, since' they
must be received by mail. However,
plans are now maturing for ashoul
dcr-to-shoulder match with the
University of California at Berkeley
in the very near future.
Stanford's rifle team last week
fired its first match of the year on
its range under the Administration
Building in correspondence compe
tition with Columbia University,
Mississippi A. and M., University of
Akron, and Georgia Tech, running
up a team total of 1863. This is 26
points better than the University
championship team made in the first
meet last year.
The highest five men on the team
shot the following scores: Pascoe
379, White 378, Kelsey 373, Bader
369, Waltman 364.
Their opponents' scores are not
available at this time, since' they
must be received by mail. However,
plans are now maturing for ashoul
dcr-to-shoulder match with the
University of California at Berkeley
in the very near future.
Stanford's rifle team last week
fired its first match of the year on
its range under the Administration
Building in correspondence compe
tition with Columbia University,
Mississippi A. and M., University of
Akron, and Georgia Tech, running
up a team total of 1863. This is 26
points better than the University
championship team made in the first
meet last year.
The highest five men on the team
shot the following scores: Pascoe
379, White 378, Kelsey 373, Bader
369, Waltman 364.
Their opponents' scores are not
available at this time, since' they
must be received by mail. However,
plans are now maturing for ashoul
dcr-to-shoulder match with the
University of California at Berkeley
in the very near future.
Stanford's rifle team last week
fired its first match of the year on
its range under the Administration
Building in correspondence compe
tition with Columbia University,
Mississippi A. and M., University of
Akron, and Georgia Tech, running
up a team total of 1863. This is 26
points better than the University
championship team made in the first
meet last year.
The highest five men on the team
shot the following scores: Pascoe
379, White 378, Kelsey 373, Bader
369, Waltman 364.
Their opponents' scores are not
available at this time, since' they
must be received by mail. However,
plans are now maturing for ashoul
dcr-to-shoulder match with the
University of California at Berkeley
in the very near future.
Stanford's rifle team last week
fired its first match of the year on
its range under the Administration
Building in correspondence compe
tition with Columbia University,
Mississippi A. and M., University of
Akron, and Georgia Tech, running
up a team total of 1863. This is 26
points better than the University
championship team made in the first
meet last year.
The highest five men on the team
shot the following scores: Pascoe
379, White 378, Kelsey 373, Bader
369, Waltman 364.
Their opponents' scores are not
available at this time, since' they
must be received by mail. However,
plans are now maturing for ashoul
dcr-to-shoulder match with the
University of California at Berkeley
in the very near future.
