# Fast Scraps Expected At Slugfest Thursday
## 
### 
Eight fast bouts in as many divi
sions are expected Thursday eve
ning when the great annual Stanford
boxing show, the All-University
tournament, takes place in the Pa
vilion.
One of the hottest scraps will
probably be put on by two little
men, Jim Feely, 1932 All-University
titleholder, and John Huston, pres
ent novice champion. Both boys look
fast in workouts and pack heavy
wallops for featherweights.
Captain Fred Glover, who was un
able to fight last year, will meet
Stuart Stephens in another feature
bout for the lightweight crown.
Glover is looked on as one of the
cleverest college fighters on the
Coast.
Coach Harry Maloney recently re
ceived the medals for the eight win
ners, miniature gold boxing gloves.
