# Adv. 7 Page 3
## 
### 
CA.s4.sl~J
AN ANNIVERSARY
ANNOUNCEMENT
Having more than usual in
terest and of economic sig
nificance to the women of
the community will appear in
the Stanford Daily
ON WEDNESDAY
OCTOBER 14TH, 1931
WATCH FOR "AAA"
CA.s4.sl~J
AN ANNIVERSARY
ANNOUNCEMENT
Having more than usual in
terest and of economic sig
nificance to the women of
the community will appear in
the Stanford Daily
ON WEDNESDAY
OCTOBER 14TH, 1931
WATCH FOR "AAA"
CA.s4.sl~J
AN ANNIVERSARY
ANNOUNCEMENT
Having more than usual in
terest and of economic sig
nificance to the women of
the community will appear in
the Stanford Daily
ON WEDNESDAY
OCTOBER 14TH, 1931
WATCH FOR "AAA"
CA.s4.sl~J
AN ANNIVERSARY
ANNOUNCEMENT
Having more than usual in
terest and of economic sig
nificance to the women of
the community will appear in
the Stanford Daily
ON WEDNESDAY
OCTOBER 14TH, 1931
WATCH FOR "AAA"
CA.s4.sl~J
AN ANNIVERSARY
ANNOUNCEMENT
Having more than usual in
terest and of economic sig
nificance to the women of
the community will appear in
the Stanford Daily
ON WEDNESDAY
OCTOBER 14TH, 1931
WATCH FOR "AAA"
CA.s4.sl~J
AN ANNIVERSARY
ANNOUNCEMENT
Having more than usual in
terest and of economic sig
nificance to the women of
the community will appear in
the Stanford Daily
ON WEDNESDAY
OCTOBER 14TH, 1931
WATCH FOR "AAA"
CA.s4.sl~J
AN ANNIVERSARY
ANNOUNCEMENT
Having more than usual in
terest and of economic sig
nificance to the women of
the community will appear in
the Stanford Daily
ON WEDNESDAY
OCTOBER 14TH, 1931
WATCH FOR "AAA"
CA.s4.sl~J
AN ANNIVERSARY
ANNOUNCEMENT
Having more than usual in
terest and of economic sig
nificance to the women of
the community will appear in
the Stanford Daily
ON WEDNESDAY
OCTOBER 14TH, 1931
WATCH FOR "AAA"
CA.s4.sl~J
AN ANNIVERSARY
ANNOUNCEMENT
Having more than usual in
terest and of economic sig
nificance to the women of
the community will appear in
the Stanford Daily
ON WEDNESDAY
OCTOBER 14TH, 1931
WATCH FOR "AAA"
CA.s4.sl~J
AN ANNIVERSARY
ANNOUNCEMENT
Having more than usual in
terest and of economic sig
nificance to the women of
the community will appear in
the Stanford Daily
ON WEDNESDAY
OCTOBER 14TH, 1931
WATCH FOR "AAA"
CA.s4.sl~J
AN ANNIVERSARY
ANNOUNCEMENT
Having more than usual in
terest and of economic sig
nificance to the women of
the community will appear in
the Stanford Daily
ON WEDNESDAY
OCTOBER 14TH, 1931
WATCH FOR "AAA"
CA.s4.sl~J
AN ANNIVERSARY
ANNOUNCEMENT
Having more than usual in
terest and of economic sig
nificance to the women of
the community will appear in
the Stanford Daily
ON WEDNESDAY
OCTOBER 14TH, 1931
WATCH FOR "AAA"
CA.s4.sl~J
AN ANNIVERSARY
ANNOUNCEMENT
Having more than usual in
terest and of economic sig
nificance to the women of
the community will appear in
the Stanford Daily
ON WEDNESDAY
OCTOBER 14TH, 1931
WATCH FOR "AAA"
CA.s4.sl~J
AN ANNIVERSARY
ANNOUNCEMENT
Having more than usual in
terest and of economic sig
nificance to the women of
the community will appear in
the Stanford Daily
ON WEDNESDAY
OCTOBER 14TH, 1931
WATCH FOR "AAA"
CA.s4.sl~J
AN ANNIVERSARY
ANNOUNCEMENT
Having more than usual in
terest and of economic sig
nificance to the women of
the community will appear in
the Stanford Daily
ON WEDNESDAY
OCTOBER 14TH, 1931
WATCH FOR "AAA"
