# FOREIGN MINISTERS TO VISIT U.S. FOR DISARMAMENT MEET
## 
### 
ROME, Oct. 11. (/P)—Dino Grnndi,
Italy's foreign minister, like Pre
mier Laval of France, will visit iht_>
United States for a general discus
sion of the world situation, it was
announced today.
Preparations for the general dis
armament conference next year also
will be discussed at Washington by
the Italian foreign minister, who
with Signora Grandi will sail from
Naples on the liner Conte Grande,
November 7.
Signor Grandi also will bo ac
companied by his personal assist
ant, Guido Kocco, and a number of
secretaries, but will take along no
other political or economic experts.
Nobile Giacomo dc Martino, Italian
Ambassador to the United Slates,
who is in Rome, will return to
Washington immediately.
The foreign minister's visit will be
in return for that of Secretary of
Slate Henry L. Stimson to Rome.
ROME, Oct. 11. (/P)—Dino Grnndi,
Italy's foreign minister, like Pre
mier Laval of France, will visit iht_>
United States for a general discus
sion of the world situation, it was
announced today.
Preparations for the general dis
armament conference next year also
will be discussed at Washington by
the Italian foreign minister, who
with Signora Grandi will sail from
Naples on the liner Conte Grande,
November 7.
Signor Grandi also will bo ac
companied by his personal assist
ant, Guido Kocco, and a number of
secretaries, but will take along no
other political or economic experts.
Nobile Giacomo dc Martino, Italian
Ambassador to the United Slates,
who is in Rome, will return to
Washington immediately.
The foreign minister's visit will be
in return for that of Secretary of
Slate Henry L. Stimson to Rome.
ROME, Oct. 11. (/P)—Dino Grnndi,
Italy's foreign minister, like Pre
mier Laval of France, will visit iht_>
United States for a general discus
sion of the world situation, it was
announced today.
Preparations for the general dis
armament conference next year also
will be discussed at Washington by
the Italian foreign minister, who
with Signora Grandi will sail from
Naples on the liner Conte Grande,
November 7.
Signor Grandi also will bo ac
companied by his personal assist
ant, Guido Kocco, and a number of
secretaries, but will take along no
other political or economic experts.
Nobile Giacomo dc Martino, Italian
Ambassador to the United Slates,
who is in Rome, will return to
Washington immediately.
The foreign minister's visit will be
in return for that of Secretary of
Slate Henry L. Stimson to Rome.
ROME, Oct. 11. (/P)—Dino Grnndi,
Italy's foreign minister, like Pre
mier Laval of France, will visit iht_>
United States for a general discus
sion of the world situation, it was
announced today.
Preparations for the general dis
armament conference next year also
will be discussed at Washington by
the Italian foreign minister, who
with Signora Grandi will sail from
Naples on the liner Conte Grande,
November 7.
Signor Grandi also will bo ac
companied by his personal assist
ant, Guido Kocco, and a number of
secretaries, but will take along no
other political or economic experts.
Nobile Giacomo dc Martino, Italian
Ambassador to the United Slates,
who is in Rome, will return to
Washington immediately.
The foreign minister's visit will be
in return for that of Secretary of
Slate Henry L. Stimson to Rome.
ROME, Oct. 11. (/P)—Dino Grnndi,
Italy's foreign minister, like Pre
mier Laval of France, will visit iht_>
United States for a general discus
sion of the world situation, it was
announced today.
Preparations for the general dis
armament conference next year also
will be discussed at Washington by
the Italian foreign minister, who
with Signora Grandi will sail from
Naples on the liner Conte Grande,
November 7.
Signor Grandi also will bo ac
companied by his personal assist
ant, Guido Kocco, and a number of
secretaries, but will take along no
other political or economic experts.
Nobile Giacomo dc Martino, Italian
Ambassador to the United Slates,
who is in Rome, will return to
Washington immediately.
The foreign minister's visit will be
in return for that of Secretary of
Slate Henry L. Stimson to Rome.
ROME, Oct. 11. (/P)—Dino Grnndi,
Italy's foreign minister, like Pre
mier Laval of France, will visit iht_>
United States for a general discus
sion of the world situation, it was
announced today.
Preparations for the general dis
armament conference next year also
will be discussed at Washington by
the Italian foreign minister, who
with Signora Grandi will sail from
Naples on the liner Conte Grande,
November 7.
Signor Grandi also will bo ac
companied by his personal assist
ant, Guido Kocco, and a number of
secretaries, but will take along no
other political or economic experts.
Nobile Giacomo dc Martino, Italian
Ambassador to the United Slates,
who is in Rome, will return to
Washington immediately.
The foreign minister's visit will be
in return for that of Secretary of
Slate Henry L. Stimson to Rome.
ROME, Oct. 11. (/P)—Dino Grnndi,
Italy's foreign minister, like Pre
mier Laval of France, will visit iht_>
United States for a general discus
sion of the world situation, it was
announced today.
Preparations for the general dis
armament conference next year also
will be discussed at Washington by
the Italian foreign minister, who
with Signora Grandi will sail from
Naples on the liner Conte Grande,
November 7.
Signor Grandi also will bo ac
companied by his personal assist
ant, Guido Kocco, and a number of
secretaries, but will take along no
other political or economic experts.
Nobile Giacomo dc Martino, Italian
Ambassador to the United Slates,
who is in Rome, will return to
Washington immediately.
The foreign minister's visit will be
in return for that of Secretary of
Slate Henry L. Stimson to Rome.
ROME, Oct. 11. (/P)—Dino Grnndi,
Italy's foreign minister, like Pre
mier Laval of France, will visit iht_>
United States for a general discus
sion of the world situation, it was
announced today.
Preparations for the general dis
armament conference next year also
will be discussed at Washington by
the Italian foreign minister, who
with Signora Grandi will sail from
Naples on the liner Conte Grande,
November 7.
Signor Grandi also will bo ac
companied by his personal assist
ant, Guido Kocco, and a number of
secretaries, but will take along no
other political or economic experts.
Nobile Giacomo dc Martino, Italian
Ambassador to the United Slates,
who is in Rome, will return to
Washington immediately.
The foreign minister's visit will be
in return for that of Secretary of
Slate Henry L. Stimson to Rome.
ROME, Oct. 11. (/P)—Dino Grnndi,
Italy's foreign minister, like Pre
mier Laval of France, will visit iht_>
United States for a general discus
sion of the world situation, it was
announced today.
Preparations for the general dis
armament conference next year also
will be discussed at Washington by
the Italian foreign minister, who
with Signora Grandi will sail from
Naples on the liner Conte Grande,
November 7.
Signor Grandi also will bo ac
companied by his personal assist
ant, Guido Kocco, and a number of
secretaries, but will take along no
other political or economic experts.
Nobile Giacomo dc Martino, Italian
Ambassador to the United Slates,
who is in Rome, will return to
Washington immediately.
The foreign minister's visit will be
in return for that of Secretary of
Slate Henry L. Stimson to Rome.
ROME, Oct. 11. (/P)—Dino Grnndi,
Italy's foreign minister, like Pre
mier Laval of France, will visit iht_>
United States for a general discus
sion of the world situation, it was
announced today.
Preparations for the general dis
armament conference next year also
will be discussed at Washington by
the Italian foreign minister, who
with Signora Grandi will sail from
Naples on the liner Conte Grande,
November 7.
Signor Grandi also will bo ac
companied by his personal assist
ant, Guido Kocco, and a number of
secretaries, but will take along no
other political or economic experts.
Nobile Giacomo dc Martino, Italian
Ambassador to the United Slates,
who is in Rome, will return to
Washington immediately.
The foreign minister's visit will be
in return for that of Secretary of
Slate Henry L. Stimson to Rome.
ROME, Oct. 11. (/P)—Dino Grnndi,
Italy's foreign minister, like Pre
mier Laval of France, will visit iht_>
United States for a general discus
sion of the world situation, it was
announced today.
Preparations for the general dis
armament conference next year also
will be discussed at Washington by
the Italian foreign minister, who
with Signora Grandi will sail from
Naples on the liner Conte Grande,
November 7.
Signor Grandi also will bo ac
companied by his personal assist
ant, Guido Kocco, and a number of
secretaries, but will take along no
other political or economic experts.
Nobile Giacomo dc Martino, Italian
Ambassador to the United Slates,
who is in Rome, will return to
Washington immediately.
The foreign minister's visit will be
in return for that of Secretary of
Slate Henry L. Stimson to Rome.
ROME, Oct. 11. (/P)—Dino Grnndi,
Italy's foreign minister, like Pre
mier Laval of France, will visit iht_>
United States for a general discus
sion of the world situation, it was
announced today.
Preparations for the general dis
armament conference next year also
will be discussed at Washington by
the Italian foreign minister, who
with Signora Grandi will sail from
Naples on the liner Conte Grande,
November 7.
Signor Grandi also will bo ac
companied by his personal assist
ant, Guido Kocco, and a number of
secretaries, but will take along no
other political or economic experts.
Nobile Giacomo dc Martino, Italian
Ambassador to the United Slates,
who is in Rome, will return to
Washington immediately.
The foreign minister's visit will be
in return for that of Secretary of
Slate Henry L. Stimson to Rome.
ROME, Oct. 11. (/P)—Dino Grnndi,
Italy's foreign minister, like Pre
mier Laval of France, will visit iht_>
United States for a general discus
sion of the world situation, it was
announced today.
Preparations for the general dis
armament conference next year also
will be discussed at Washington by
the Italian foreign minister, who
with Signora Grandi will sail from
Naples on the liner Conte Grande,
November 7.
Signor Grandi also will bo ac
companied by his personal assist
ant, Guido Kocco, and a number of
secretaries, but will take along no
other political or economic experts.
Nobile Giacomo dc Martino, Italian
Ambassador to the United Slates,
who is in Rome, will return to
Washington immediately.
The foreign minister's visit will be
in return for that of Secretary of
Slate Henry L. Stimson to Rome.
ROME, Oct. 11. (/P)—Dino Grnndi,
Italy's foreign minister, like Pre
mier Laval of France, will visit iht_>
United States for a general discus
sion of the world situation, it was
announced today.
Preparations for the general dis
armament conference next year also
will be discussed at Washington by
the Italian foreign minister, who
with Signora Grandi will sail from
Naples on the liner Conte Grande,
November 7.
Signor Grandi also will bo ac
companied by his personal assist
ant, Guido Kocco, and a number of
secretaries, but will take along no
other political or economic experts.
Nobile Giacomo dc Martino, Italian
Ambassador to the United Slates,
who is in Rome, will return to
Washington immediately.
The foreign minister's visit will be
in return for that of Secretary of
Slate Henry L. Stimson to Rome.
ROME, Oct. 11. (/P)—Dino Grnndi,
Italy's foreign minister, like Pre
mier Laval of France, will visit iht_>
United States for a general discus
sion of the world situation, it was
announced today.
Preparations for the general dis
armament conference next year also
will be discussed at Washington by
the Italian foreign minister, who
with Signora Grandi will sail from
Naples on the liner Conte Grande,
November 7.
Signor Grandi also will bo ac
companied by his personal assist
ant, Guido Kocco, and a number of
secretaries, but will take along no
other political or economic experts.
Nobile Giacomo dc Martino, Italian
Ambassador to the United Slates,
who is in Rome, will return to
Washington immediately.
The foreign minister's visit will be
in return for that of Secretary of
Slate Henry L. Stimson to Rome.
