# NORTHWESTERN'S CAPTAIN
## 
### 

Introducing Dal Marvil, captain and tackle of Northwestern, who led
his team in holding Notre Dame to scoreless tie Saturday, breaking a
string of 20 consecutive victories rolled up by the Ramblers. The game
v.asregarded as a moral victory for the Wildcats.

Introducing Dal Marvil, captain and tackle of Northwestern, who led
his team in holding Notre Dame to scoreless tie Saturday, breaking a
string of 20 consecutive victories rolled up by the Ramblers. The game
v.asregarded as a moral victory for the Wildcats.

Introducing Dal Marvil, captain and tackle of Northwestern, who led
his team in holding Notre Dame to scoreless tie Saturday, breaking a
string of 20 consecutive victories rolled up by the Ramblers. The game
v.asregarded as a moral victory for the Wildcats.

Introducing Dal Marvil, captain and tackle of Northwestern, who led
his team in holding Notre Dame to scoreless tie Saturday, breaking a
string of 20 consecutive victories rolled up by the Ramblers. The game
v.asregarded as a moral victory for the Wildcats.

Introducing Dal Marvil, captain and tackle of Northwestern, who led
his team in holding Notre Dame to scoreless tie Saturday, breaking a
string of 20 consecutive victories rolled up by the Ramblers. The game
v.asregarded as a moral victory for the Wildcats.

Introducing Dal Marvil, captain and tackle of Northwestern, who led
his team in holding Notre Dame to scoreless tie Saturday, breaking a
string of 20 consecutive victories rolled up by the Ramblers. The game
v.asregarded as a moral victory for the Wildcats.

Introducing Dal Marvil, captain and tackle of Northwestern, who led
his team in holding Notre Dame to scoreless tie Saturday, breaking a
string of 20 consecutive victories rolled up by the Ramblers. The game
v.asregarded as a moral victory for the Wildcats.

Introducing Dal Marvil, captain and tackle of Northwestern, who led
his team in holding Notre Dame to scoreless tie Saturday, breaking a
string of 20 consecutive victories rolled up by the Ramblers. The game
v.asregarded as a moral victory for the Wildcats.

Introducing Dal Marvil, captain and tackle of Northwestern, who led
his team in holding Notre Dame to scoreless tie Saturday, breaking a
string of 20 consecutive victories rolled up by the Ramblers. The game
v.asregarded as a moral victory for the Wildcats.

Introducing Dal Marvil, captain and tackle of Northwestern, who led
his team in holding Notre Dame to scoreless tie Saturday, breaking a
string of 20 consecutive victories rolled up by the Ramblers. The game
v.asregarded as a moral victory for the Wildcats.

Introducing Dal Marvil, captain and tackle of Northwestern, who led
his team in holding Notre Dame to scoreless tie Saturday, breaking a
string of 20 consecutive victories rolled up by the Ramblers. The game
v.asregarded as a moral victory for the Wildcats.

Introducing Dal Marvil, captain and tackle of Northwestern, who led
his team in holding Notre Dame to scoreless tie Saturday, breaking a
string of 20 consecutive victories rolled up by the Ramblers. The game
v.asregarded as a moral victory for the Wildcats.

Introducing Dal Marvil, captain and tackle of Northwestern, who led
his team in holding Notre Dame to scoreless tie Saturday, breaking a
string of 20 consecutive victories rolled up by the Ramblers. The game
v.asregarded as a moral victory for the Wildcats.

Introducing Dal Marvil, captain and tackle of Northwestern, who led
his team in holding Notre Dame to scoreless tie Saturday, breaking a
string of 20 consecutive victories rolled up by the Ramblers. The game
v.asregarded as a moral victory for the Wildcats.

Introducing Dal Marvil, captain and tackle of Northwestern, who led
his team in holding Notre Dame to scoreless tie Saturday, breaking a
string of 20 consecutive victories rolled up by the Ramblers. The game
v.asregarded as a moral victory for the Wildcats.
