# Y.W. OFFICER TO VISIT
## 
### 
Miss Mary Bentley, an officer ol
the national Y.W.C.A., will be on
the campus tomorrow as the guest
of honor at a luncheon being given
for her by the Stanford Y.W.C.A.
advisory board.
Miss Mary Bentley, an officer ol
the national Y.W.C.A., will be on
the campus tomorrow as the guest
of honor at a luncheon being given
for her by the Stanford Y.W.C.A.
advisory board.
Miss Mary Bentley, an officer ol
the national Y.W.C.A., will be on
the campus tomorrow as the guest
of honor at a luncheon being given
for her by the Stanford Y.W.C.A.
advisory board.
Miss Mary Bentley, an officer ol
the national Y.W.C.A., will be on
the campus tomorrow as the guest
of honor at a luncheon being given
for her by the Stanford Y.W.C.A.
advisory board.
Miss Mary Bentley, an officer ol
the national Y.W.C.A., will be on
the campus tomorrow as the guest
of honor at a luncheon being given
for her by the Stanford Y.W.C.A.
advisory board.
Miss Mary Bentley, an officer ol
the national Y.W.C.A., will be on
the campus tomorrow as the guest
of honor at a luncheon being given
for her by the Stanford Y.W.C.A.
advisory board.
Miss Mary Bentley, an officer ol
the national Y.W.C.A., will be on
the campus tomorrow as the guest
of honor at a luncheon being given
for her by the Stanford Y.W.C.A.
advisory board.
Miss Mary Bentley, an officer ol
the national Y.W.C.A., will be on
the campus tomorrow as the guest
of honor at a luncheon being given
for her by the Stanford Y.W.C.A.
advisory board.
Miss Mary Bentley, an officer ol
the national Y.W.C.A., will be on
the campus tomorrow as the guest
of honor at a luncheon being given
for her by the Stanford Y.W.C.A.
advisory board.
Miss Mary Bentley, an officer ol
the national Y.W.C.A., will be on
the campus tomorrow as the guest
of honor at a luncheon being given
for her by the Stanford Y.W.C.A.
advisory board.
Miss Mary Bentley, an officer ol
the national Y.W.C.A., will be on
the campus tomorrow as the guest
of honor at a luncheon being given
for her by the Stanford Y.W.C.A.
advisory board.
Miss Mary Bentley, an officer ol
the national Y.W.C.A., will be on
the campus tomorrow as the guest
of honor at a luncheon being given
for her by the Stanford Y.W.C.A.
advisory board.
Miss Mary Bentley, an officer ol
the national Y.W.C.A., will be on
the campus tomorrow as the guest
of honor at a luncheon being given
for her by the Stanford Y.W.C.A.
advisory board.
Miss Mary Bentley, an officer ol
the national Y.W.C.A., will be on
the campus tomorrow as the guest
of honor at a luncheon being given
for her by the Stanford Y.W.C.A.
advisory board.
Miss Mary Bentley, an officer ol
the national Y.W.C.A., will be on
the campus tomorrow as the guest
of honor at a luncheon being given
for her by the Stanford Y.W.C.A.
advisory board.
