# RAM'S HEAD AUTHORS, DIRECTORS, ASKED TO REPORT TO ANSCHUTZ
## 
### 
All candidates for show, musical
or dancing director of the Ram's
Head show should submit their
names for consideration to Irving
Anschutz not later than Friday,
November 13.
The deadline for plot suggestions
is Friday, November 20, when all
manuscripts should be in the hands
of Anschutz. He can be reached at
the Delta Chi house, P. A. 1043.
The show committee consists of
David Mannoccir, Mike Ely, Delmer
Daves, Irving Anschutz, and Lloyd
Nolan.
All candidates for show, musical
or dancing director of the Ram's
Head show should submit their
names for consideration to Irving
Anschutz not later than Friday,
November 13.
The deadline for plot suggestions
is Friday, November 20, when all
manuscripts should be in the hands
of Anschutz. He can be reached at
the Delta Chi house, P. A. 1043.
The show committee consists of
David Mannoccir, Mike Ely, Delmer
Daves, Irving Anschutz, and Lloyd
Nolan.
All candidates for show, musical
or dancing director of the Ram's
Head show should submit their
names for consideration to Irving
Anschutz not later than Friday,
November 13.
The deadline for plot suggestions
is Friday, November 20, when all
manuscripts should be in the hands
of Anschutz. He can be reached at
the Delta Chi house, P. A. 1043.
The show committee consists of
David Mannoccir, Mike Ely, Delmer
Daves, Irving Anschutz, and Lloyd
Nolan.
All candidates for show, musical
or dancing director of the Ram's
Head show should submit their
names for consideration to Irving
Anschutz not later than Friday,
November 13.
The deadline for plot suggestions
is Friday, November 20, when all
manuscripts should be in the hands
of Anschutz. He can be reached at
the Delta Chi house, P. A. 1043.
The show committee consists of
David Mannoccir, Mike Ely, Delmer
Daves, Irving Anschutz, and Lloyd
Nolan.
All candidates for show, musical
or dancing director of the Ram's
Head show should submit their
names for consideration to Irving
Anschutz not later than Friday,
November 13.
The deadline for plot suggestions
is Friday, November 20, when all
manuscripts should be in the hands
of Anschutz. He can be reached at
the Delta Chi house, P. A. 1043.
The show committee consists of
David Mannoccir, Mike Ely, Delmer
Daves, Irving Anschutz, and Lloyd
Nolan.
All candidates for show, musical
or dancing director of the Ram's
Head show should submit their
names for consideration to Irving
Anschutz not later than Friday,
November 13.
The deadline for plot suggestions
is Friday, November 20, when all
manuscripts should be in the hands
of Anschutz. He can be reached at
the Delta Chi house, P. A. 1043.
The show committee consists of
David Mannoccir, Mike Ely, Delmer
Daves, Irving Anschutz, and Lloyd
Nolan.
All candidates for show, musical
or dancing director of the Ram's
Head show should submit their
names for consideration to Irving
Anschutz not later than Friday,
November 13.
The deadline for plot suggestions
is Friday, November 20, when all
manuscripts should be in the hands
of Anschutz. He can be reached at
the Delta Chi house, P. A. 1043.
The show committee consists of
David Mannoccir, Mike Ely, Delmer
Daves, Irving Anschutz, and Lloyd
Nolan.
All candidates for show, musical
or dancing director of the Ram's
Head show should submit their
names for consideration to Irving
Anschutz not later than Friday,
November 13.
The deadline for plot suggestions
is Friday, November 20, when all
manuscripts should be in the hands
of Anschutz. He can be reached at
the Delta Chi house, P. A. 1043.
The show committee consists of
David Mannoccir, Mike Ely, Delmer
Daves, Irving Anschutz, and Lloyd
Nolan.
All candidates for show, musical
or dancing director of the Ram's
Head show should submit their
names for consideration to Irving
Anschutz not later than Friday,
November 13.
The deadline for plot suggestions
is Friday, November 20, when all
manuscripts should be in the hands
of Anschutz. He can be reached at
the Delta Chi house, P. A. 1043.
The show committee consists of
David Mannoccir, Mike Ely, Delmer
Daves, Irving Anschutz, and Lloyd
Nolan.
All candidates for show, musical
or dancing director of the Ram's
Head show should submit their
names for consideration to Irving
Anschutz not later than Friday,
November 13.
The deadline for plot suggestions
is Friday, November 20, when all
manuscripts should be in the hands
of Anschutz. He can be reached at
the Delta Chi house, P. A. 1043.
The show committee consists of
David Mannoccir, Mike Ely, Delmer
Daves, Irving Anschutz, and Lloyd
Nolan.
All candidates for show, musical
or dancing director of the Ram's
Head show should submit their
names for consideration to Irving
Anschutz not later than Friday,
November 13.
The deadline for plot suggestions
is Friday, November 20, when all
manuscripts should be in the hands
of Anschutz. He can be reached at
the Delta Chi house, P. A. 1043.
The show committee consists of
David Mannoccir, Mike Ely, Delmer
Daves, Irving Anschutz, and Lloyd
Nolan.
All candidates for show, musical
or dancing director of the Ram's
Head show should submit their
names for consideration to Irving
Anschutz not later than Friday,
November 13.
The deadline for plot suggestions
is Friday, November 20, when all
manuscripts should be in the hands
of Anschutz. He can be reached at
the Delta Chi house, P. A. 1043.
The show committee consists of
David Mannoccir, Mike Ely, Delmer
Daves, Irving Anschutz, and Lloyd
Nolan.
All candidates for show, musical
or dancing director of the Ram's
Head show should submit their
names for consideration to Irving
Anschutz not later than Friday,
November 13.
The deadline for plot suggestions
is Friday, November 20, when all
manuscripts should be in the hands
of Anschutz. He can be reached at
the Delta Chi house, P. A. 1043.
The show committee consists of
David Mannoccir, Mike Ely, Delmer
Daves, Irving Anschutz, and Lloyd
Nolan.
All candidates for show, musical
or dancing director of the Ram's
Head show should submit their
names for consideration to Irving
Anschutz not later than Friday,
November 13.
The deadline for plot suggestions
is Friday, November 20, when all
manuscripts should be in the hands
of Anschutz. He can be reached at
the Delta Chi house, P. A. 1043.
The show committee consists of
David Mannoccir, Mike Ely, Delmer
Daves, Irving Anschutz, and Lloyd
Nolan.
All candidates for show, musical
or dancing director of the Ram's
Head show should submit their
names for consideration to Irving
Anschutz not later than Friday,
November 13.
The deadline for plot suggestions
is Friday, November 20, when all
manuscripts should be in the hands
of Anschutz. He can be reached at
the Delta Chi house, P. A. 1043.
The show committee consists of
David Mannoccir, Mike Ely, Delmer
Daves, Irving Anschutz, and Lloyd
Nolan.
