# VARSITY TO PRACTICE AGAINST GRAY SQUAD
## 
### 
Members of the Gray squad will be :
asked to report tor football practice
for the next two weeks, and will be '
used to scrimmage with the varsity j
team, it was announced yesterday by
Coach Pop Warner.
About one full team of reserves re
ported yesterday afternoon, and were
put through a brisk scrimmage of
three-quarters of an hour against the
first team. Ernie Nevers and Hal Mc-
Creery of the first string were not in
the lineup, but with Price at center
and Solomon at full, the varsity gained
consistently on the Grays.
Tonight the Grays will probably be
instructed in the California system of
offense, and will use this system
against the varsity to prepare the
first-string men for the Big Game.

Prohibition and police agents are i
combining at the University of Min
nesota to keep liquor out of the uni-1
versity stadium at the football games. |
