# REQUIREMENTS RAISED
## 
### 
The school of medicine at the Uni
versity of Utah has recently ruled that
each student who enters the school
shall have completed at least three
full years of college work before his
application can be considered. This
requirement is considerably above the
average for class "A" medical schools.
The school of medicine at the Uni
versity of Utah has recently ruled that
each student who enters the school
shall have completed at least three
full years of college work before his
application can be considered. This
requirement is considerably above the
average for class "A" medical schools.
The school of medicine at the Uni
versity of Utah has recently ruled that
each student who enters the school
shall have completed at least three
full years of college work before his
application can be considered. This
requirement is considerably above the
average for class "A" medical schools.
The school of medicine at the Uni
versity of Utah has recently ruled that
each student who enters the school
shall have completed at least three
full years of college work before his
application can be considered. This
requirement is considerably above the
average for class "A" medical schools.
The school of medicine at the Uni
versity of Utah has recently ruled that
each student who enters the school
shall have completed at least three
full years of college work before his
application can be considered. This
requirement is considerably above the
average for class "A" medical schools.
The school of medicine at the Uni
versity of Utah has recently ruled that
each student who enters the school
shall have completed at least three
full years of college work before his
application can be considered. This
requirement is considerably above the
average for class "A" medical schools.
The school of medicine at the Uni
versity of Utah has recently ruled that
each student who enters the school
shall have completed at least three
full years of college work before his
application can be considered. This
requirement is considerably above the
average for class "A" medical schools.
The school of medicine at the Uni
versity of Utah has recently ruled that
each student who enters the school
shall have completed at least three
full years of college work before his
application can be considered. This
requirement is considerably above the
average for class "A" medical schools.
The school of medicine at the Uni
versity of Utah has recently ruled that
each student who enters the school
shall have completed at least three
full years of college work before his
application can be considered. This
requirement is considerably above the
average for class "A" medical schools.
The school of medicine at the Uni
versity of Utah has recently ruled that
each student who enters the school
shall have completed at least three
full years of college work before his
application can be considered. This
requirement is considerably above the
average for class "A" medical schools.
The school of medicine at the Uni
versity of Utah has recently ruled that
each student who enters the school
shall have completed at least three
full years of college work before his
application can be considered. This
requirement is considerably above the
average for class "A" medical schools.
The school of medicine at the Uni
versity of Utah has recently ruled that
each student who enters the school
shall have completed at least three
full years of college work before his
application can be considered. This
requirement is considerably above the
average for class "A" medical schools.
The school of medicine at the Uni
versity of Utah has recently ruled that
each student who enters the school
shall have completed at least three
full years of college work before his
application can be considered. This
requirement is considerably above the
average for class "A" medical schools.
The school of medicine at the Uni
versity of Utah has recently ruled that
each student who enters the school
shall have completed at least three
full years of college work before his
application can be considered. This
requirement is considerably above the
average for class "A" medical schools.
The school of medicine at the Uni
versity of Utah has recently ruled that
each student who enters the school
shall have completed at least three
full years of college work before his
application can be considered. This
requirement is considerably above the
average for class "A" medical schools.
