# TOURNEY PLAY PROGRESSES
## 
### 
The Euphronia Club tennis tourna
ment is now in the second round and
matches will be played immediately.
George Crocker will meet William Ir
vine; Reider Torjussen plays Bernham
Beckwitli; and William Levit opposes
Jack Leiter.
The Euphronia Club tennis tourna
ment is now in the second round and
matches will be played immediately.
George Crocker will meet William Ir
vine; Reider Torjussen plays Bernham
Beckwitli; and William Levit opposes
Jack Leiter.
The Euphronia Club tennis tourna
ment is now in the second round and
matches will be played immediately.
George Crocker will meet William Ir
vine; Reider Torjussen plays Bernham
Beckwitli; and William Levit opposes
Jack Leiter.
The Euphronia Club tennis tourna
ment is now in the second round and
matches will be played immediately.
George Crocker will meet William Ir
vine; Reider Torjussen plays Bernham
Beckwitli; and William Levit opposes
Jack Leiter.
The Euphronia Club tennis tourna
ment is now in the second round and
matches will be played immediately.
George Crocker will meet William Ir
vine; Reider Torjussen plays Bernham
Beckwitli; and William Levit opposes
Jack Leiter.
The Euphronia Club tennis tourna
ment is now in the second round and
matches will be played immediately.
George Crocker will meet William Ir
vine; Reider Torjussen plays Bernham
Beckwitli; and William Levit opposes
Jack Leiter.
The Euphronia Club tennis tourna
ment is now in the second round and
matches will be played immediately.
George Crocker will meet William Ir
vine; Reider Torjussen plays Bernham
Beckwitli; and William Levit opposes
Jack Leiter.
The Euphronia Club tennis tourna
ment is now in the second round and
matches will be played immediately.
George Crocker will meet William Ir
vine; Reider Torjussen plays Bernham
Beckwitli; and William Levit opposes
Jack Leiter.
The Euphronia Club tennis tourna
ment is now in the second round and
matches will be played immediately.
George Crocker will meet William Ir
vine; Reider Torjussen plays Bernham
Beckwitli; and William Levit opposes
Jack Leiter.
The Euphronia Club tennis tourna
ment is now in the second round and
matches will be played immediately.
George Crocker will meet William Ir
vine; Reider Torjussen plays Bernham
Beckwitli; and William Levit opposes
Jack Leiter.
The Euphronia Club tennis tourna
ment is now in the second round and
matches will be played immediately.
George Crocker will meet William Ir
vine; Reider Torjussen plays Bernham
Beckwitli; and William Levit opposes
Jack Leiter.
The Euphronia Club tennis tourna
ment is now in the second round and
matches will be played immediately.
George Crocker will meet William Ir
vine; Reider Torjussen plays Bernham
Beckwitli; and William Levit opposes
Jack Leiter.
The Euphronia Club tennis tourna
ment is now in the second round and
matches will be played immediately.
George Crocker will meet William Ir
vine; Reider Torjussen plays Bernham
Beckwitli; and William Levit opposes
Jack Leiter.
The Euphronia Club tennis tourna
ment is now in the second round and
matches will be played immediately.
George Crocker will meet William Ir
vine; Reider Torjussen plays Bernham
Beckwitli; and William Levit opposes
Jack Leiter.
The Euphronia Club tennis tourna
ment is now in the second round and
matches will be played immediately.
George Crocker will meet William Ir
vine; Reider Torjussen plays Bernham
Beckwitli; and William Levit opposes
Jack Leiter.
