# FRESHMEN WILL JOLLY UP ON FRIDAY EVENING.
## First Year Men Will Hold Informal at Armoryâ€”"Eats" Will Be Plentiful. 
### 
On Friday evening, the Freshmen
plan to set a new mark for class jolly
ups at the Armory. The custom is an
old one, and many classes claim to
have surpassed all previous efforts in
that line. Now the present baby class
intends to show how successful they
can make such an affair.
The music will be furnished by the
Stanford Orchestra and includes all
the latest hits. The "eats" leave no
thing to be desired. Rough-neck dress
is to be the rule, and queening is ab
solutely tabooed. Special cars will
leave the campus at 7:45 and an en
trance fee of fifty cents is to be
charged
The committee responsible for the
preparations consists of the Misses F.
Gates, L. Trent, M. Hunt, and Messrs.
H. S. Anderson, E. Henderson, E. F.
Roth, W. W: Thoburn, and P. L. Hig
gins, chairman.
On Friday evening, the Freshmen
plan to set a new mark for class jolly
ups at the Armory. The custom is an
old one, and many classes claim to
have surpassed all previous efforts in
that line. Now the present baby class
intends to show how successful they
can make such an affair.
The music will be furnished by the
Stanford Orchestra and includes all
the latest hits. The "eats" leave no
thing to be desired. Rough-neck dress
is to be the rule, and queening is ab
solutely tabooed. Special cars will
leave the campus at 7:45 and an en
trance fee of fifty cents is to be
charged
The committee responsible for the
preparations consists of the Misses F.
Gates, L. Trent, M. Hunt, and Messrs.
H. S. Anderson, E. Henderson, E. F.
Roth, W. W: Thoburn, and P. L. Hig
gins, chairman.
On Friday evening, the Freshmen
plan to set a new mark for class jolly
ups at the Armory. The custom is an
old one, and many classes claim to
have surpassed all previous efforts in
that line. Now the present baby class
intends to show how successful they
can make such an affair.
The music will be furnished by the
Stanford Orchestra and includes all
the latest hits. The "eats" leave no
thing to be desired. Rough-neck dress
is to be the rule, and queening is ab
solutely tabooed. Special cars will
leave the campus at 7:45 and an en
trance fee of fifty cents is to be
charged
The committee responsible for the
preparations consists of the Misses F.
Gates, L. Trent, M. Hunt, and Messrs.
H. S. Anderson, E. Henderson, E. F.
Roth, W. W: Thoburn, and P. L. Hig
gins, chairman.
On Friday evening, the Freshmen
plan to set a new mark for class jolly
ups at the Armory. The custom is an
old one, and many classes claim to
have surpassed all previous efforts in
that line. Now the present baby class
intends to show how successful they
can make such an affair.
The music will be furnished by the
Stanford Orchestra and includes all
the latest hits. The "eats" leave no
thing to be desired. Rough-neck dress
is to be the rule, and queening is ab
solutely tabooed. Special cars will
leave the campus at 7:45 and an en
trance fee of fifty cents is to be
charged
The committee responsible for the
preparations consists of the Misses F.
Gates, L. Trent, M. Hunt, and Messrs.
H. S. Anderson, E. Henderson, E. F.
Roth, W. W: Thoburn, and P. L. Hig
gins, chairman.
On Friday evening, the Freshmen
plan to set a new mark for class jolly
ups at the Armory. The custom is an
old one, and many classes claim to
have surpassed all previous efforts in
that line. Now the present baby class
intends to show how successful they
can make such an affair.
The music will be furnished by the
Stanford Orchestra and includes all
the latest hits. The "eats" leave no
thing to be desired. Rough-neck dress
is to be the rule, and queening is ab
solutely tabooed. Special cars will
leave the campus at 7:45 and an en
trance fee of fifty cents is to be
charged
The committee responsible for the
preparations consists of the Misses F.
Gates, L. Trent, M. Hunt, and Messrs.
H. S. Anderson, E. Henderson, E. F.
Roth, W. W: Thoburn, and P. L. Hig
gins, chairman.
On Friday evening, the Freshmen
plan to set a new mark for class jolly
ups at the Armory. The custom is an
old one, and many classes claim to
have surpassed all previous efforts in
that line. Now the present baby class
intends to show how successful they
can make such an affair.
The music will be furnished by the
Stanford Orchestra and includes all
the latest hits. The "eats" leave no
thing to be desired. Rough-neck dress
is to be the rule, and queening is ab
solutely tabooed. Special cars will
leave the campus at 7:45 and an en
trance fee of fifty cents is to be
charged
The committee responsible for the
preparations consists of the Misses F.
Gates, L. Trent, M. Hunt, and Messrs.
H. S. Anderson, E. Henderson, E. F.
Roth, W. W: Thoburn, and P. L. Hig
gins, chairman.
On Friday evening, the Freshmen
plan to set a new mark for class jolly
ups at the Armory. The custom is an
old one, and many classes claim to
have surpassed all previous efforts in
that line. Now the present baby class
intends to show how successful they
can make such an affair.
The music will be furnished by the
Stanford Orchestra and includes all
the latest hits. The "eats" leave no
thing to be desired. Rough-neck dress
is to be the rule, and queening is ab
solutely tabooed. Special cars will
leave the campus at 7:45 and an en
trance fee of fifty cents is to be
charged
The committee responsible for the
preparations consists of the Misses F.
Gates, L. Trent, M. Hunt, and Messrs.
H. S. Anderson, E. Henderson, E. F.
Roth, W. W: Thoburn, and P. L. Hig
gins, chairman.
On Friday evening, the Freshmen
plan to set a new mark for class jolly
ups at the Armory. The custom is an
old one, and many classes claim to
have surpassed all previous efforts in
that line. Now the present baby class
intends to show how successful they
can make such an affair.
The music will be furnished by the
Stanford Orchestra and includes all
the latest hits. The "eats" leave no
thing to be desired. Rough-neck dress
is to be the rule, and queening is ab
solutely tabooed. Special cars will
leave the campus at 7:45 and an en
trance fee of fifty cents is to be
charged
The committee responsible for the
preparations consists of the Misses F.
Gates, L. Trent, M. Hunt, and Messrs.
H. S. Anderson, E. Henderson, E. F.
Roth, W. W: Thoburn, and P. L. Hig
gins, chairman.
On Friday evening, the Freshmen
plan to set a new mark for class jolly
ups at the Armory. The custom is an
old one, and many classes claim to
have surpassed all previous efforts in
that line. Now the present baby class
intends to show how successful they
can make such an affair.
The music will be furnished by the
Stanford Orchestra and includes all
the latest hits. The "eats" leave no
thing to be desired. Rough-neck dress
is to be the rule, and queening is ab
solutely tabooed. Special cars will
leave the campus at 7:45 and an en
trance fee of fifty cents is to be
charged
The committee responsible for the
preparations consists of the Misses F.
Gates, L. Trent, M. Hunt, and Messrs.
H. S. Anderson, E. Henderson, E. F.
Roth, W. W: Thoburn, and P. L. Hig
gins, chairman.
On Friday evening, the Freshmen
plan to set a new mark for class jolly
ups at the Armory. The custom is an
old one, and many classes claim to
have surpassed all previous efforts in
that line. Now the present baby class
intends to show how successful they
can make such an affair.
The music will be furnished by the
Stanford Orchestra and includes all
the latest hits. The "eats" leave no
thing to be desired. Rough-neck dress
is to be the rule, and queening is ab
solutely tabooed. Special cars will
leave the campus at 7:45 and an en
trance fee of fifty cents is to be
charged
The committee responsible for the
preparations consists of the Misses F.
Gates, L. Trent, M. Hunt, and Messrs.
H. S. Anderson, E. Henderson, E. F.
Roth, W. W: Thoburn, and P. L. Hig
gins, chairman.
On Friday evening, the Freshmen
plan to set a new mark for class jolly
ups at the Armory. The custom is an
old one, and many classes claim to
have surpassed all previous efforts in
that line. Now the present baby class
intends to show how successful they
can make such an affair.
The music will be furnished by the
Stanford Orchestra and includes all
the latest hits. The "eats" leave no
thing to be desired. Rough-neck dress
is to be the rule, and queening is ab
solutely tabooed. Special cars will
leave the campus at 7:45 and an en
trance fee of fifty cents is to be
charged
The committee responsible for the
preparations consists of the Misses F.
Gates, L. Trent, M. Hunt, and Messrs.
H. S. Anderson, E. Henderson, E. F.
Roth, W. W: Thoburn, and P. L. Hig
gins, chairman.
On Friday evening, the Freshmen
plan to set a new mark for class jolly
ups at the Armory. The custom is an
old one, and many classes claim to
have surpassed all previous efforts in
that line. Now the present baby class
intends to show how successful they
can make such an affair.
The music will be furnished by the
Stanford Orchestra and includes all
the latest hits. The "eats" leave no
thing to be desired. Rough-neck dress
is to be the rule, and queening is ab
solutely tabooed. Special cars will
leave the campus at 7:45 and an en
trance fee of fifty cents is to be
charged
The committee responsible for the
preparations consists of the Misses F.
Gates, L. Trent, M. Hunt, and Messrs.
H. S. Anderson, E. Henderson, E. F.
Roth, W. W: Thoburn, and P. L. Hig
gins, chairman.
