# 'Phaedra' Time Change Stated
## 
### 
The Stanford Players' staged
play-reading of Jean Racine's neo
classical "Phaedra" will be present
ed tonight at 8:45 in the Little
Theater instead of at 8:15 as for
merly scheduled.
"Phaedra," which has been de
scribed as the greatest drama of
passion ever written, is based on
the ancent Greek Hippolytus leg
end.
The play will star Elaine Maltz
man as Phaedra, Mel Ellet as Hip
polytus, Charles Gans as Theseus,
Doug Russell as Theramenes, Ruth
Fisher as Oonone, Eleanor Holmes
as Aricia, Katharine McAlmon as
Ismene, and Nancy Langston as Pe
nope.
The play is being directed by
Nancy Mac Naught, with sets by
Wendell Cole and make-up super
vised by Doug Russell.
Tickets will be sold at the door
at 30 cents.
