# Faculty Attends English Meeting
## 
### 
Stanford was represented at the
recent conference of the Modern
Language Association by seven
members of the English department.
Dr. Richard F. Jones, department
head, attended the conference. In
addition lo Dr. Jones, Professors
James A. Work, Roland Blenner-
Hasselt, Francis R. Johnson, Her
bert Merrill. George Sensabaugh,
and William Irvine were in attend
ance.
Professor Johnson also attended a
joint meeting in Cleveland of the
History of Science Society and the
American Historical Association.
Stanford was represented at the
recent conference of the Modern
Language Association by seven
members of the English department.
Dr. Richard F. Jones, department
head, attended the conference. In
addition lo Dr. Jones, Professors
James A. Work, Roland Blenner-
Hasselt, Francis R. Johnson, Her
bert Merrill. George Sensabaugh,
and William Irvine were in attend
ance.
Professor Johnson also attended a
joint meeting in Cleveland of the
History of Science Society and the
American Historical Association.
Stanford was represented at the
recent conference of the Modern
Language Association by seven
members of the English department.
Dr. Richard F. Jones, department
head, attended the conference. In
addition lo Dr. Jones, Professors
James A. Work, Roland Blenner-
Hasselt, Francis R. Johnson, Her
bert Merrill. George Sensabaugh,
and William Irvine were in attend
ance.
Professor Johnson also attended a
joint meeting in Cleveland of the
History of Science Society and the
American Historical Association.
Stanford was represented at the
recent conference of the Modern
Language Association by seven
members of the English department.
Dr. Richard F. Jones, department
head, attended the conference. In
addition lo Dr. Jones, Professors
James A. Work, Roland Blenner-
Hasselt, Francis R. Johnson, Her
bert Merrill. George Sensabaugh,
and William Irvine were in attend
ance.
Professor Johnson also attended a
joint meeting in Cleveland of the
History of Science Society and the
American Historical Association.
Stanford was represented at the
recent conference of the Modern
Language Association by seven
members of the English department.
Dr. Richard F. Jones, department
head, attended the conference. In
addition lo Dr. Jones, Professors
James A. Work, Roland Blenner-
Hasselt, Francis R. Johnson, Her
bert Merrill. George Sensabaugh,
and William Irvine were in attend
ance.
Professor Johnson also attended a
joint meeting in Cleveland of the
History of Science Society and the
American Historical Association.
Stanford was represented at the
recent conference of the Modern
Language Association by seven
members of the English department.
Dr. Richard F. Jones, department
head, attended the conference. In
addition lo Dr. Jones, Professors
James A. Work, Roland Blenner-
Hasselt, Francis R. Johnson, Her
bert Merrill. George Sensabaugh,
and William Irvine were in attend
ance.
Professor Johnson also attended a
joint meeting in Cleveland of the
History of Science Society and the
American Historical Association.
Stanford was represented at the
recent conference of the Modern
Language Association by seven
members of the English department.
Dr. Richard F. Jones, department
head, attended the conference. In
addition lo Dr. Jones, Professors
James A. Work, Roland Blenner-
Hasselt, Francis R. Johnson, Her
bert Merrill. George Sensabaugh,
and William Irvine were in attend
ance.
Professor Johnson also attended a
joint meeting in Cleveland of the
History of Science Society and the
American Historical Association.
Stanford was represented at the
recent conference of the Modern
Language Association by seven
members of the English department.
Dr. Richard F. Jones, department
head, attended the conference. In
addition lo Dr. Jones, Professors
James A. Work, Roland Blenner-
Hasselt, Francis R. Johnson, Her
bert Merrill. George Sensabaugh,
and William Irvine were in attend
ance.
Professor Johnson also attended a
joint meeting in Cleveland of the
History of Science Society and the
American Historical Association.
Stanford was represented at the
recent conference of the Modern
Language Association by seven
members of the English department.
Dr. Richard F. Jones, department
head, attended the conference. In
addition lo Dr. Jones, Professors
James A. Work, Roland Blenner-
Hasselt, Francis R. Johnson, Her
bert Merrill. George Sensabaugh,
and William Irvine were in attend
ance.
Professor Johnson also attended a
joint meeting in Cleveland of the
History of Science Society and the
American Historical Association.
Stanford was represented at the
recent conference of the Modern
Language Association by seven
members of the English department.
Dr. Richard F. Jones, department
head, attended the conference. In
addition lo Dr. Jones, Professors
James A. Work, Roland Blenner-
Hasselt, Francis R. Johnson, Her
bert Merrill. George Sensabaugh,
and William Irvine were in attend
ance.
Professor Johnson also attended a
joint meeting in Cleveland of the
History of Science Society and the
American Historical Association.
Stanford was represented at the
recent conference of the Modern
Language Association by seven
members of the English department.
Dr. Richard F. Jones, department
head, attended the conference. In
addition lo Dr. Jones, Professors
James A. Work, Roland Blenner-
Hasselt, Francis R. Johnson, Her
bert Merrill. George Sensabaugh,
and William Irvine were in attend
ance.
Professor Johnson also attended a
joint meeting in Cleveland of the
History of Science Society and the
American Historical Association.
Stanford was represented at the
recent conference of the Modern
Language Association by seven
members of the English department.
Dr. Richard F. Jones, department
head, attended the conference. In
addition lo Dr. Jones, Professors
James A. Work, Roland Blenner-
Hasselt, Francis R. Johnson, Her
bert Merrill. George Sensabaugh,
and William Irvine were in attend
ance.
Professor Johnson also attended a
joint meeting in Cleveland of the
History of Science Society and the
American Historical Association.
Stanford was represented at the
recent conference of the Modern
Language Association by seven
members of the English department.
Dr. Richard F. Jones, department
head, attended the conference. In
addition lo Dr. Jones, Professors
James A. Work, Roland Blenner-
Hasselt, Francis R. Johnson, Her
bert Merrill. George Sensabaugh,
and William Irvine were in attend
ance.
Professor Johnson also attended a
joint meeting in Cleveland of the
History of Science Society and the
American Historical Association.
Stanford was represented at the
recent conference of the Modern
Language Association by seven
members of the English department.
Dr. Richard F. Jones, department
head, attended the conference. In
addition lo Dr. Jones, Professors
James A. Work, Roland Blenner-
Hasselt, Francis R. Johnson, Her
bert Merrill. George Sensabaugh,
and William Irvine were in attend
ance.
Professor Johnson also attended a
joint meeting in Cleveland of the
History of Science Society and the
American Historical Association.
Stanford was represented at the
recent conference of the Modern
Language Association by seven
members of the English department.
Dr. Richard F. Jones, department
head, attended the conference. In
addition lo Dr. Jones, Professors
James A. Work, Roland Blenner-
Hasselt, Francis R. Johnson, Her
bert Merrill. George Sensabaugh,
and William Irvine were in attend
ance.
Professor Johnson also attended a
joint meeting in Cleveland of the
History of Science Society and the
American Historical Association.
