# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Stanford Village Women's Resi
dence House 1215 announces the en
gagement of Dorothy Babcock to
I<ee Smith of Village 119.
Stanford Village Women's Resi
dence House 1215 announces the en
gagement of Dorothy Babcock to
I<ee Smith of Village 119.
Stanford Village Women's Resi
dence House 1215 announces the en
gagement of Dorothy Babcock to
I<ee Smith of Village 119.
Stanford Village Women's Resi
dence House 1215 announces the en
gagement of Dorothy Babcock to
I<ee Smith of Village 119.
Stanford Village Women's Resi
dence House 1215 announces the en
gagement of Dorothy Babcock to
I<ee Smith of Village 119.
Stanford Village Women's Resi
dence House 1215 announces the en
gagement of Dorothy Babcock to
I<ee Smith of Village 119.
Stanford Village Women's Resi
dence House 1215 announces the en
gagement of Dorothy Babcock to
I<ee Smith of Village 119.
Stanford Village Women's Resi
dence House 1215 announces the en
gagement of Dorothy Babcock to
I<ee Smith of Village 119.
Stanford Village Women's Resi
dence House 1215 announces the en
gagement of Dorothy Babcock to
I<ee Smith of Village 119.
Stanford Village Women's Resi
dence House 1215 announces the en
gagement of Dorothy Babcock to
I<ee Smith of Village 119.
Stanford Village Women's Resi
dence House 1215 announces the en
gagement of Dorothy Babcock to
I<ee Smith of Village 119.
Stanford Village Women's Resi
dence House 1215 announces the en
gagement of Dorothy Babcock to
I<ee Smith of Village 119.
Stanford Village Women's Resi
dence House 1215 announces the en
gagement of Dorothy Babcock to
I<ee Smith of Village 119.
Stanford Village Women's Resi
dence House 1215 announces the en
gagement of Dorothy Babcock to
I<ee Smith of Village 119.
Stanford Village Women's Resi
dence House 1215 announces the en
gagement of Dorothy Babcock to
I<ee Smith of Village 119.
