# Senior Dance Tickets Sold
## 
### 
"Sorry, sold out!" Senior ticket
salesmen for the class - sponsored
Ferryboat Serenade on Feb. (i
turned away a host of expectant
ticket buyers in yesterday's one
day sell-out.
"Keep asking for bids, however,"
commented Beth Van Hoesen, chair
man. "Your senior representative
will take your name, and those
turned down will have first prefer
ence for the repeat performance
planned in the near future."
"Next time we'll open it to the
whole campus," stated Bob Coate,
class president. "If you're inter
ested in a moonlight cruise around
the Bay, dancing, and a "refresh
ment parlor" — contact the senior
representative in your living group
now."
Bids are limited to 150. The
smaller living groups received only
three tickets, the larger groups from
five to eight.
"Sorry, sold out!" Senior ticket
salesmen for the class - sponsored
Ferryboat Serenade on Feb. (i
turned away a host of expectant
ticket buyers in yesterday's one
day sell-out.
"Keep asking for bids, however,"
commented Beth Van Hoesen, chair
man. "Your senior representative
will take your name, and those
turned down will have first prefer
ence for the repeat performance
planned in the near future."
"Next time we'll open it to the
whole campus," stated Bob Coate,
class president. "If you're inter
ested in a moonlight cruise around
the Bay, dancing, and a "refresh
ment parlor" — contact the senior
representative in your living group
now."
Bids are limited to 150. The
smaller living groups received only
three tickets, the larger groups from
five to eight.
"Sorry, sold out!" Senior ticket
salesmen for the class - sponsored
Ferryboat Serenade on Feb. (i
turned away a host of expectant
ticket buyers in yesterday's one
day sell-out.
"Keep asking for bids, however,"
commented Beth Van Hoesen, chair
man. "Your senior representative
will take your name, and those
turned down will have first prefer
ence for the repeat performance
planned in the near future."
"Next time we'll open it to the
whole campus," stated Bob Coate,
class president. "If you're inter
ested in a moonlight cruise around
the Bay, dancing, and a "refresh
ment parlor" — contact the senior
representative in your living group
now."
Bids are limited to 150. The
smaller living groups received only
three tickets, the larger groups from
five to eight.
"Sorry, sold out!" Senior ticket
salesmen for the class - sponsored
Ferryboat Serenade on Feb. (i
turned away a host of expectant
ticket buyers in yesterday's one
day sell-out.
"Keep asking for bids, however,"
commented Beth Van Hoesen, chair
man. "Your senior representative
will take your name, and those
turned down will have first prefer
ence for the repeat performance
planned in the near future."
"Next time we'll open it to the
whole campus," stated Bob Coate,
class president. "If you're inter
ested in a moonlight cruise around
the Bay, dancing, and a "refresh
ment parlor" — contact the senior
representative in your living group
now."
Bids are limited to 150. The
smaller living groups received only
three tickets, the larger groups from
five to eight.
"Sorry, sold out!" Senior ticket
salesmen for the class - sponsored
Ferryboat Serenade on Feb. (i
turned away a host of expectant
ticket buyers in yesterday's one
day sell-out.
"Keep asking for bids, however,"
commented Beth Van Hoesen, chair
man. "Your senior representative
will take your name, and those
turned down will have first prefer
ence for the repeat performance
planned in the near future."
"Next time we'll open it to the
whole campus," stated Bob Coate,
class president. "If you're inter
ested in a moonlight cruise around
the Bay, dancing, and a "refresh
ment parlor" — contact the senior
representative in your living group
now."
Bids are limited to 150. The
smaller living groups received only
three tickets, the larger groups from
five to eight.
"Sorry, sold out!" Senior ticket
salesmen for the class - sponsored
Ferryboat Serenade on Feb. (i
turned away a host of expectant
ticket buyers in yesterday's one
day sell-out.
"Keep asking for bids, however,"
commented Beth Van Hoesen, chair
man. "Your senior representative
will take your name, and those
turned down will have first prefer
ence for the repeat performance
planned in the near future."
"Next time we'll open it to the
whole campus," stated Bob Coate,
class president. "If you're inter
ested in a moonlight cruise around
the Bay, dancing, and a "refresh
ment parlor" — contact the senior
representative in your living group
now."
Bids are limited to 150. The
smaller living groups received only
three tickets, the larger groups from
five to eight.
"Sorry, sold out!" Senior ticket
salesmen for the class - sponsored
Ferryboat Serenade on Feb. (i
turned away a host of expectant
ticket buyers in yesterday's one
day sell-out.
"Keep asking for bids, however,"
commented Beth Van Hoesen, chair
man. "Your senior representative
will take your name, and those
turned down will have first prefer
ence for the repeat performance
planned in the near future."
"Next time we'll open it to the
whole campus," stated Bob Coate,
class president. "If you're inter
ested in a moonlight cruise around
the Bay, dancing, and a "refresh
ment parlor" — contact the senior
representative in your living group
now."
Bids are limited to 150. The
smaller living groups received only
three tickets, the larger groups from
five to eight.
"Sorry, sold out!" Senior ticket
salesmen for the class - sponsored
Ferryboat Serenade on Feb. (i
turned away a host of expectant
ticket buyers in yesterday's one
day sell-out.
"Keep asking for bids, however,"
commented Beth Van Hoesen, chair
man. "Your senior representative
will take your name, and those
turned down will have first prefer
ence for the repeat performance
planned in the near future."
"Next time we'll open it to the
whole campus," stated Bob Coate,
class president. "If you're inter
ested in a moonlight cruise around
the Bay, dancing, and a "refresh
ment parlor" — contact the senior
representative in your living group
now."
Bids are limited to 150. The
smaller living groups received only
three tickets, the larger groups from
five to eight.
"Sorry, sold out!" Senior ticket
salesmen for the class - sponsored
Ferryboat Serenade on Feb. (i
turned away a host of expectant
ticket buyers in yesterday's one
day sell-out.
"Keep asking for bids, however,"
commented Beth Van Hoesen, chair
man. "Your senior representative
will take your name, and those
turned down will have first prefer
ence for the repeat performance
planned in the near future."
"Next time we'll open it to the
whole campus," stated Bob Coate,
class president. "If you're inter
ested in a moonlight cruise around
the Bay, dancing, and a "refresh
ment parlor" — contact the senior
representative in your living group
now."
Bids are limited to 150. The
smaller living groups received only
three tickets, the larger groups from
five to eight.
"Sorry, sold out!" Senior ticket
salesmen for the class - sponsored
Ferryboat Serenade on Feb. (i
turned away a host of expectant
ticket buyers in yesterday's one
day sell-out.
"Keep asking for bids, however,"
commented Beth Van Hoesen, chair
man. "Your senior representative
will take your name, and those
turned down will have first prefer
ence for the repeat performance
planned in the near future."
"Next time we'll open it to the
whole campus," stated Bob Coate,
class president. "If you're inter
ested in a moonlight cruise around
the Bay, dancing, and a "refresh
ment parlor" — contact the senior
representative in your living group
now."
Bids are limited to 150. The
smaller living groups received only
three tickets, the larger groups from
five to eight.
"Sorry, sold out!" Senior ticket
salesmen for the class - sponsored
Ferryboat Serenade on Feb. (i
turned away a host of expectant
ticket buyers in yesterday's one
day sell-out.
"Keep asking for bids, however,"
commented Beth Van Hoesen, chair
man. "Your senior representative
will take your name, and those
turned down will have first prefer
ence for the repeat performance
planned in the near future."
"Next time we'll open it to the
whole campus," stated Bob Coate,
class president. "If you're inter
ested in a moonlight cruise around
the Bay, dancing, and a "refresh
ment parlor" — contact the senior
representative in your living group
now."
Bids are limited to 150. The
smaller living groups received only
three tickets, the larger groups from
five to eight.
"Sorry, sold out!" Senior ticket
salesmen for the class - sponsored
Ferryboat Serenade on Feb. (i
turned away a host of expectant
ticket buyers in yesterday's one
day sell-out.
"Keep asking for bids, however,"
commented Beth Van Hoesen, chair
man. "Your senior representative
will take your name, and those
turned down will have first prefer
ence for the repeat performance
planned in the near future."
"Next time we'll open it to the
whole campus," stated Bob Coate,
class president. "If you're inter
ested in a moonlight cruise around
the Bay, dancing, and a "refresh
ment parlor" — contact the senior
representative in your living group
now."
Bids are limited to 150. The
smaller living groups received only
three tickets, the larger groups from
five to eight.
"Sorry, sold out!" Senior ticket
salesmen for the class - sponsored
Ferryboat Serenade on Feb. (i
turned away a host of expectant
ticket buyers in yesterday's one
day sell-out.
"Keep asking for bids, however,"
commented Beth Van Hoesen, chair
man. "Your senior representative
will take your name, and those
turned down will have first prefer
ence for the repeat performance
planned in the near future."
"Next time we'll open it to the
whole campus," stated Bob Coate,
class president. "If you're inter
ested in a moonlight cruise around
the Bay, dancing, and a "refresh
ment parlor" — contact the senior
representative in your living group
now."
Bids are limited to 150. The
smaller living groups received only
three tickets, the larger groups from
five to eight.
"Sorry, sold out!" Senior ticket
salesmen for the class - sponsored
Ferryboat Serenade on Feb. (i
turned away a host of expectant
ticket buyers in yesterday's one
day sell-out.
"Keep asking for bids, however,"
commented Beth Van Hoesen, chair
man. "Your senior representative
will take your name, and those
turned down will have first prefer
ence for the repeat performance
planned in the near future."
"Next time we'll open it to the
whole campus," stated Bob Coate,
class president. "If you're inter
ested in a moonlight cruise around
the Bay, dancing, and a "refresh
ment parlor" — contact the senior
representative in your living group
now."
Bids are limited to 150. The
smaller living groups received only
three tickets, the larger groups from
five to eight.
"Sorry, sold out!" Senior ticket
salesmen for the class - sponsored
Ferryboat Serenade on Feb. (i
turned away a host of expectant
ticket buyers in yesterday's one
day sell-out.
"Keep asking for bids, however,"
commented Beth Van Hoesen, chair
man. "Your senior representative
will take your name, and those
turned down will have first prefer
ence for the repeat performance
planned in the near future."
"Next time we'll open it to the
whole campus," stated Bob Coate,
class president. "If you're inter
ested in a moonlight cruise around
the Bay, dancing, and a "refresh
ment parlor" — contact the senior
representative in your living group
now."
Bids are limited to 150. The
smaller living groups received only
three tickets, the larger groups from
five to eight.
