# Debate on Primary Law.
## 
### 
California's direct primary law was
debated upon at the regular meeting
of Nestoria last night in room 214.
Bradford and Holcomb upheld the
merits of the new system, but the de
cision of the judges was in favor of
Person and Simpson, who argued to
the contrary. Following the debate,
Professor Bassett, of the English de
partment, gave an interesting talk ou
"How to Hold an Audience," explain
ing the three-fold requirements of a
good speaker.
Owing to the lateness of the hour at
(he close of the program, the regular
business meeting was postponed for
one week.
California's direct primary law was
debated upon at the regular meeting
of Nestoria last night in room 214.
Bradford and Holcomb upheld the
merits of the new system, but the de
cision of the judges was in favor of
Person and Simpson, who argued to
the contrary. Following the debate,
Professor Bassett, of the English de
partment, gave an interesting talk ou
"How to Hold an Audience," explain
ing the three-fold requirements of a
good speaker.
Owing to the lateness of the hour at
(he close of the program, the regular
business meeting was postponed for
one week.
California's direct primary law was
debated upon at the regular meeting
of Nestoria last night in room 214.
Bradford and Holcomb upheld the
merits of the new system, but the de
cision of the judges was in favor of
Person and Simpson, who argued to
the contrary. Following the debate,
Professor Bassett, of the English de
partment, gave an interesting talk ou
"How to Hold an Audience," explain
ing the three-fold requirements of a
good speaker.
Owing to the lateness of the hour at
(he close of the program, the regular
business meeting was postponed for
one week.
California's direct primary law was
debated upon at the regular meeting
of Nestoria last night in room 214.
Bradford and Holcomb upheld the
merits of the new system, but the de
cision of the judges was in favor of
Person and Simpson, who argued to
the contrary. Following the debate,
Professor Bassett, of the English de
partment, gave an interesting talk ou
"How to Hold an Audience," explain
ing the three-fold requirements of a
good speaker.
Owing to the lateness of the hour at
(he close of the program, the regular
business meeting was postponed for
one week.
California's direct primary law was
debated upon at the regular meeting
of Nestoria last night in room 214.
Bradford and Holcomb upheld the
merits of the new system, but the de
cision of the judges was in favor of
Person and Simpson, who argued to
the contrary. Following the debate,
Professor Bassett, of the English de
partment, gave an interesting talk ou
"How to Hold an Audience," explain
ing the three-fold requirements of a
good speaker.
Owing to the lateness of the hour at
(he close of the program, the regular
business meeting was postponed for
one week.
California's direct primary law was
debated upon at the regular meeting
of Nestoria last night in room 214.
Bradford and Holcomb upheld the
merits of the new system, but the de
cision of the judges was in favor of
Person and Simpson, who argued to
the contrary. Following the debate,
Professor Bassett, of the English de
partment, gave an interesting talk ou
"How to Hold an Audience," explain
ing the three-fold requirements of a
good speaker.
Owing to the lateness of the hour at
(he close of the program, the regular
business meeting was postponed for
one week.
California's direct primary law was
debated upon at the regular meeting
of Nestoria last night in room 214.
Bradford and Holcomb upheld the
merits of the new system, but the de
cision of the judges was in favor of
Person and Simpson, who argued to
the contrary. Following the debate,
Professor Bassett, of the English de
partment, gave an interesting talk ou
"How to Hold an Audience," explain
ing the three-fold requirements of a
good speaker.
Owing to the lateness of the hour at
(he close of the program, the regular
business meeting was postponed for
one week.
California's direct primary law was
debated upon at the regular meeting
of Nestoria last night in room 214.
Bradford and Holcomb upheld the
merits of the new system, but the de
cision of the judges was in favor of
Person and Simpson, who argued to
the contrary. Following the debate,
Professor Bassett, of the English de
partment, gave an interesting talk ou
"How to Hold an Audience," explain
ing the three-fold requirements of a
good speaker.
Owing to the lateness of the hour at
(he close of the program, the regular
business meeting was postponed for
one week.
California's direct primary law was
debated upon at the regular meeting
of Nestoria last night in room 214.
Bradford and Holcomb upheld the
merits of the new system, but the de
cision of the judges was in favor of
Person and Simpson, who argued to
the contrary. Following the debate,
Professor Bassett, of the English de
partment, gave an interesting talk ou
"How to Hold an Audience," explain
ing the three-fold requirements of a
good speaker.
Owing to the lateness of the hour at
(he close of the program, the regular
business meeting was postponed for
one week.
California's direct primary law was
debated upon at the regular meeting
of Nestoria last night in room 214.
Bradford and Holcomb upheld the
merits of the new system, but the de
cision of the judges was in favor of
Person and Simpson, who argued to
the contrary. Following the debate,
Professor Bassett, of the English de
partment, gave an interesting talk ou
"How to Hold an Audience," explain
ing the three-fold requirements of a
good speaker.
Owing to the lateness of the hour at
(he close of the program, the regular
business meeting was postponed for
one week.
California's direct primary law was
debated upon at the regular meeting
of Nestoria last night in room 214.
Bradford and Holcomb upheld the
merits of the new system, but the de
cision of the judges was in favor of
Person and Simpson, who argued to
the contrary. Following the debate,
Professor Bassett, of the English de
partment, gave an interesting talk ou
"How to Hold an Audience," explain
ing the three-fold requirements of a
good speaker.
Owing to the lateness of the hour at
(he close of the program, the regular
business meeting was postponed for
one week.
