# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Washington State College students
wear musical bells on their galoshes.
Washington State College students
wear musical bells on their galoshes.
Washington State College students
wear musical bells on their galoshes.
Washington State College students
wear musical bells on their galoshes.
Washington State College students
wear musical bells on their galoshes.
Washington State College students
wear musical bells on their galoshes.
Washington State College students
wear musical bells on their galoshes.
Washington State College students
wear musical bells on their galoshes.
Washington State College students
wear musical bells on their galoshes.
Washington State College students
wear musical bells on their galoshes.
Washington State College students
wear musical bells on their galoshes.
Washington State College students
wear musical bells on their galoshes.
Washington State College students
wear musical bells on their galoshes.
Washington State College students
wear musical bells on their galoshes.
Washington State College students
wear musical bells on their galoshes.
