# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Seven-thousand letters leave the
postoffice of lowa State University
daily, postal authorities report.
Seven-thousand letters leave the
postoffice of lowa State University
daily, postal authorities report.
Seven-thousand letters leave the
postoffice of lowa State University
daily, postal authorities report.
Seven-thousand letters leave the
postoffice of lowa State University
daily, postal authorities report.
Seven-thousand letters leave the
postoffice of lowa State University
daily, postal authorities report.
Seven-thousand letters leave the
postoffice of lowa State University
daily, postal authorities report.
Seven-thousand letters leave the
postoffice of lowa State University
daily, postal authorities report.
Seven-thousand letters leave the
postoffice of lowa State University
daily, postal authorities report.
Seven-thousand letters leave the
postoffice of lowa State University
daily, postal authorities report.
Seven-thousand letters leave the
postoffice of lowa State University
daily, postal authorities report.
Seven-thousand letters leave the
postoffice of lowa State University
daily, postal authorities report.
Seven-thousand letters leave the
postoffice of lowa State University
daily, postal authorities report.
Seven-thousand letters leave the
postoffice of lowa State University
daily, postal authorities report.
Seven-thousand letters leave the
postoffice of lowa State University
daily, postal authorities report.
Seven-thousand letters leave the
postoffice of lowa State University
daily, postal authorities report.
