# Business Dean To initiate Tuesday Series
## 
### 
"This Business of Business Edu
cation," by Dean Ernest C. Ar
buckle of the Stanford Graduate
School of Business, will he the
opening lecture tomorrow for the
fall Tuesday Evening Series, 7:30
p.m. at Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
Admission is free.
Dean Arbuckle's talk will be
followed on Oct. 13 by "Missiles.
Astronautics and Space P'light,"
by Dr. Theodore Von Karman. fa
ther of the jet-assisted take-off
systems for aircraft, now chair
man of NATO's advisory group
for aeronautical research.
Elected to Ihe University Board
of Trustees in 1954, Dean Ar
buckle was vice-president of W.
R. Grace & Company and its Fos
ter and Kreiser division in San
Francisco.


DEAN ERNEST AKBUCKLE
"This Business of Business
Education"
