# Fifth Air Force Bombs Hollandia, Jap Base
## 
### 
ALLIED HQ., Southwest Pacific,
Friday, April 14 (UP).—Lieutenant
General George C. Kenny's Fifth Air
Force roared in over Japan's major
naval base, Hollandia, in northern
New Guinea, yesterday in a 322-
ton bombing attack which destroyed
10 enemy vessels and covered the
area with flames and smoke, it was
announced today.
Liberator, Mitchell and Boston
bombers, .sweeping across northern
New Guinea with fighter escort,
struck the battered Hollandia area
for the fourth time 1 his month and
shot down eight of 20 Japanese
fighters attempting to intercept
ALLIED HQ., Southwest Pacific,
Friday, April 14 (UP).—Lieutenant
General George C. Kenny's Fifth Air
Force roared in over Japan's major
naval base, Hollandia, in northern
New Guinea, yesterday in a 322-
ton bombing attack which destroyed
10 enemy vessels and covered the
area with flames and smoke, it was
announced today.
Liberator, Mitchell and Boston
bombers, .sweeping across northern
New Guinea with fighter escort,
struck the battered Hollandia area
for the fourth time 1 his month and
shot down eight of 20 Japanese
fighters attempting to intercept
ALLIED HQ., Southwest Pacific,
Friday, April 14 (UP).—Lieutenant
General George C. Kenny's Fifth Air
Force roared in over Japan's major
naval base, Hollandia, in northern
New Guinea, yesterday in a 322-
ton bombing attack which destroyed
10 enemy vessels and covered the
area with flames and smoke, it was
announced today.
Liberator, Mitchell and Boston
bombers, .sweeping across northern
New Guinea with fighter escort,
struck the battered Hollandia area
for the fourth time 1 his month and
shot down eight of 20 Japanese
fighters attempting to intercept
ALLIED HQ., Southwest Pacific,
Friday, April 14 (UP).—Lieutenant
General George C. Kenny's Fifth Air
Force roared in over Japan's major
naval base, Hollandia, in northern
New Guinea, yesterday in a 322-
ton bombing attack which destroyed
10 enemy vessels and covered the
area with flames and smoke, it was
announced today.
Liberator, Mitchell and Boston
bombers, .sweeping across northern
New Guinea with fighter escort,
struck the battered Hollandia area
for the fourth time 1 his month and
shot down eight of 20 Japanese
fighters attempting to intercept
ALLIED HQ., Southwest Pacific,
Friday, April 14 (UP).—Lieutenant
General George C. Kenny's Fifth Air
Force roared in over Japan's major
naval base, Hollandia, in northern
New Guinea, yesterday in a 322-
ton bombing attack which destroyed
10 enemy vessels and covered the
area with flames and smoke, it was
announced today.
Liberator, Mitchell and Boston
bombers, .sweeping across northern
New Guinea with fighter escort,
struck the battered Hollandia area
for the fourth time 1 his month and
shot down eight of 20 Japanese
fighters attempting to intercept
ALLIED HQ., Southwest Pacific,
Friday, April 14 (UP).—Lieutenant
General George C. Kenny's Fifth Air
Force roared in over Japan's major
naval base, Hollandia, in northern
New Guinea, yesterday in a 322-
ton bombing attack which destroyed
10 enemy vessels and covered the
area with flames and smoke, it was
announced today.
Liberator, Mitchell and Boston
bombers, .sweeping across northern
New Guinea with fighter escort,
struck the battered Hollandia area
for the fourth time 1 his month and
shot down eight of 20 Japanese
fighters attempting to intercept
ALLIED HQ., Southwest Pacific,
Friday, April 14 (UP).—Lieutenant
General George C. Kenny's Fifth Air
Force roared in over Japan's major
naval base, Hollandia, in northern
New Guinea, yesterday in a 322-
ton bombing attack which destroyed
10 enemy vessels and covered the
area with flames and smoke, it was
announced today.
Liberator, Mitchell and Boston
bombers, .sweeping across northern
New Guinea with fighter escort,
struck the battered Hollandia area
for the fourth time 1 his month and
shot down eight of 20 Japanese
fighters attempting to intercept
ALLIED HQ., Southwest Pacific,
Friday, April 14 (UP).—Lieutenant
General George C. Kenny's Fifth Air
Force roared in over Japan's major
naval base, Hollandia, in northern
New Guinea, yesterday in a 322-
ton bombing attack which destroyed
10 enemy vessels and covered the
area with flames and smoke, it was
announced today.
Liberator, Mitchell and Boston
bombers, .sweeping across northern
New Guinea with fighter escort,
struck the battered Hollandia area
for the fourth time 1 his month and
shot down eight of 20 Japanese
fighters attempting to intercept
ALLIED HQ., Southwest Pacific,
Friday, April 14 (UP).—Lieutenant
General George C. Kenny's Fifth Air
Force roared in over Japan's major
naval base, Hollandia, in northern
New Guinea, yesterday in a 322-
ton bombing attack which destroyed
10 enemy vessels and covered the
area with flames and smoke, it was
announced today.
Liberator, Mitchell and Boston
bombers, .sweeping across northern
New Guinea with fighter escort,
struck the battered Hollandia area
for the fourth time 1 his month and
shot down eight of 20 Japanese
fighters attempting to intercept
ALLIED HQ., Southwest Pacific,
Friday, April 14 (UP).—Lieutenant
General George C. Kenny's Fifth Air
Force roared in over Japan's major
naval base, Hollandia, in northern
New Guinea, yesterday in a 322-
ton bombing attack which destroyed
10 enemy vessels and covered the
area with flames and smoke, it was
announced today.
Liberator, Mitchell and Boston
bombers, .sweeping across northern
New Guinea with fighter escort,
struck the battered Hollandia area
for the fourth time 1 his month and
shot down eight of 20 Japanese
fighters attempting to intercept
ALLIED HQ., Southwest Pacific,
Friday, April 14 (UP).—Lieutenant
General George C. Kenny's Fifth Air
Force roared in over Japan's major
naval base, Hollandia, in northern
New Guinea, yesterday in a 322-
ton bombing attack which destroyed
10 enemy vessels and covered the
area with flames and smoke, it was
announced today.
Liberator, Mitchell and Boston
bombers, .sweeping across northern
New Guinea with fighter escort,
struck the battered Hollandia area
for the fourth time 1 his month and
shot down eight of 20 Japanese
fighters attempting to intercept
ALLIED HQ., Southwest Pacific,
Friday, April 14 (UP).—Lieutenant
General George C. Kenny's Fifth Air
Force roared in over Japan's major
naval base, Hollandia, in northern
New Guinea, yesterday in a 322-
ton bombing attack which destroyed
10 enemy vessels and covered the
area with flames and smoke, it was
announced today.
Liberator, Mitchell and Boston
bombers, .sweeping across northern
New Guinea with fighter escort,
struck the battered Hollandia area
for the fourth time 1 his month and
shot down eight of 20 Japanese
fighters attempting to intercept
ALLIED HQ., Southwest Pacific,
Friday, April 14 (UP).—Lieutenant
General George C. Kenny's Fifth Air
Force roared in over Japan's major
naval base, Hollandia, in northern
New Guinea, yesterday in a 322-
ton bombing attack which destroyed
10 enemy vessels and covered the
area with flames and smoke, it was
announced today.
Liberator, Mitchell and Boston
bombers, .sweeping across northern
New Guinea with fighter escort,
struck the battered Hollandia area
for the fourth time 1 his month and
shot down eight of 20 Japanese
fighters attempting to intercept
ALLIED HQ., Southwest Pacific,
Friday, April 14 (UP).—Lieutenant
General George C. Kenny's Fifth Air
Force roared in over Japan's major
naval base, Hollandia, in northern
New Guinea, yesterday in a 322-
ton bombing attack which destroyed
10 enemy vessels and covered the
area with flames and smoke, it was
announced today.
Liberator, Mitchell and Boston
bombers, .sweeping across northern
New Guinea with fighter escort,
struck the battered Hollandia area
for the fourth time 1 his month and
shot down eight of 20 Japanese
fighters attempting to intercept
ALLIED HQ., Southwest Pacific,
Friday, April 14 (UP).—Lieutenant
General George C. Kenny's Fifth Air
Force roared in over Japan's major
naval base, Hollandia, in northern
New Guinea, yesterday in a 322-
ton bombing attack which destroyed
10 enemy vessels and covered the
area with flames and smoke, it was
announced today.
Liberator, Mitchell and Boston
bombers, .sweeping across northern
New Guinea with fighter escort,
struck the battered Hollandia area
for the fourth time 1 his month and
shot down eight of 20 Japanese
fighters attempting to intercept
