# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The public is invited to send ques
tions on the Soviet Union to Russia
Today, care of Station KGO, San
Francisco. All questions will be
answered by the American Russian
Institute either in wrtiing or on the
radio.
The public is invited to send ques
tions on the Soviet Union to Russia
Today, care of Station KGO, San
Francisco. All questions will be
answered by the American Russian
Institute either in wrtiing or on the
radio.
The public is invited to send ques
tions on the Soviet Union to Russia
Today, care of Station KGO, San
Francisco. All questions will be
answered by the American Russian
Institute either in wrtiing or on the
radio.
The public is invited to send ques
tions on the Soviet Union to Russia
Today, care of Station KGO, San
Francisco. All questions will be
answered by the American Russian
Institute either in wrtiing or on the
radio.
The public is invited to send ques
tions on the Soviet Union to Russia
Today, care of Station KGO, San
Francisco. All questions will be
answered by the American Russian
Institute either in wrtiing or on the
radio.
The public is invited to send ques
tions on the Soviet Union to Russia
Today, care of Station KGO, San
Francisco. All questions will be
answered by the American Russian
Institute either in wrtiing or on the
radio.
The public is invited to send ques
tions on the Soviet Union to Russia
Today, care of Station KGO, San
Francisco. All questions will be
answered by the American Russian
Institute either in wrtiing or on the
radio.
The public is invited to send ques
tions on the Soviet Union to Russia
Today, care of Station KGO, San
Francisco. All questions will be
answered by the American Russian
Institute either in wrtiing or on the
radio.
The public is invited to send ques
tions on the Soviet Union to Russia
Today, care of Station KGO, San
Francisco. All questions will be
answered by the American Russian
Institute either in wrtiing or on the
radio.
The public is invited to send ques
tions on the Soviet Union to Russia
Today, care of Station KGO, San
Francisco. All questions will be
answered by the American Russian
Institute either in wrtiing or on the
radio.
The public is invited to send ques
tions on the Soviet Union to Russia
Today, care of Station KGO, San
Francisco. All questions will be
answered by the American Russian
Institute either in wrtiing or on the
radio.
The public is invited to send ques
tions on the Soviet Union to Russia
Today, care of Station KGO, San
Francisco. All questions will be
answered by the American Russian
Institute either in wrtiing or on the
radio.
The public is invited to send ques
tions on the Soviet Union to Russia
Today, care of Station KGO, San
Francisco. All questions will be
answered by the American Russian
Institute either in wrtiing or on the
radio.
The public is invited to send ques
tions on the Soviet Union to Russia
Today, care of Station KGO, San
Francisco. All questions will be
answered by the American Russian
Institute either in wrtiing or on the
radio.
The public is invited to send ques
tions on the Soviet Union to Russia
Today, care of Station KGO, San
Francisco. All questions will be
answered by the American Russian
Institute either in wrtiing or on the
radio.
