# OPINIONS
## On Afrikaans 
### 
Abernethy, et. al.

At least 140 black South Afri
cans have been killed and more
than <» thousand others injured
in recent protests directed
against the discriminatory and
repressive racial policies of the
South African government. We
wish to add our voices in protest
against these policies and
against the violent manner in
which the demonstrations were
quel led.
R lack students in Soweto were
thoroughly justified, we feel, in
objecting to the extensive use in
their schools of Afrikaans, lan
guage of the white ethnic group
whose ruling Nationalist Party
has developed racial segregation
to a fine art during the past 28
years.
That black Africans were not
consulted when language policy
was set — that they were ex
pected to passively accept deci
sions made for them by a gov
ernment which denies them the
right to representation — these
factors both explain the im
mediate cause of the demonstra
tions and reveal something of
the wider panorama of South Af
rican injustice.
Recent events in Angola,
Mozambique and Rhodesia, as
well as Secretary of State Kis
singer's African tour, have
drawn this country's attention
increasingly to southern Africa.
An impression has been created
that South Africa will remain
politically stable and in white
hands even if the inevitable up
heavals of the transition to
majority rule occur on its bor
ders. in Rhodesia and Namibia.
The demonstrations and riots of
the past week suggest that fun
damental change may also be on
its way within South Africa.
President Ford and Secretary

Kissinger have quite properly
voiced United States support for
the principle of majority rule in
Rhodesia and Namibia; we urge
them to make it clear that the
same principle applies to South
Africa as well.
(David Abernethy, an associate
professor of political science,
was one of 13 Stanford scholars
who signed this statement.)
# OPINIONS
## On Afrikaans 
### 
Abernethy, et. al.

At least 140 black South Afri
cans have been killed and more
than <» thousand others injured
in recent protests directed
against the discriminatory and
repressive racial policies of the
South African government. We
wish to add our voices in protest
against these policies and
against the violent manner in
which the demonstrations were
quel led.
R lack students in Soweto were
thoroughly justified, we feel, in
objecting to the extensive use in
their schools of Afrikaans, lan
guage of the white ethnic group
whose ruling Nationalist Party
has developed racial segregation
to a fine art during the past 28
years.
That black Africans were not
consulted when language policy
was set — that they were ex
pected to passively accept deci
sions made for them by a gov
ernment which denies them the
right to representation — these
factors both explain the im
mediate cause of the demonstra
tions and reveal something of
the wider panorama of South Af
rican injustice.
Recent events in Angola,
Mozambique and Rhodesia, as
well as Secretary of State Kis
singer's African tour, have
drawn this country's attention
increasingly to southern Africa.
An impression has been created
that South Africa will remain
politically stable and in white
hands even if the inevitable up
heavals of the transition to
majority rule occur on its bor
ders. in Rhodesia and Namibia.
The demonstrations and riots of
the past week suggest that fun
damental change may also be on
its way within South Africa.
President Ford and Secretary

Kissinger have quite properly
voiced United States support for
the principle of majority rule in
Rhodesia and Namibia; we urge
them to make it clear that the
same principle applies to South
Africa as well.
(David Abernethy, an associate
professor of political science,
was one of 13 Stanford scholars
who signed this statement.)
Abernethy, et. al.

At least 140 black South Afri
cans have been killed and more
than <» thousand others injured
in recent protests directed
against the discriminatory and
repressive racial policies of the
South African government. We
wish to add our voices in protest
against these policies and
against the violent manner in
which the demonstrations were
quel led.
R lack students in Soweto were
thoroughly justified, we feel, in
objecting to the extensive use in
their schools of Afrikaans, lan
guage of the white ethnic group
whose ruling Nationalist Party
has developed racial segregation
to a fine art during the past 28
years.
That black Africans were not
consulted when language policy
was set — that they were ex
pected to passively accept deci
sions made for them by a gov
ernment which denies them the
right to representation — these
factors both explain the im
mediate cause of the demonstra
tions and reveal something of
the wider panorama of South Af
rican injustice.
Recent events in Angola,
Mozambique and Rhodesia, as
well as Secretary of State Kis
singer's African tour, have
drawn this country's attention
increasingly to southern Africa.
An impression has been created
that South Africa will remain
politically stable and in white
hands even if the inevitable up
heavals of the transition to
majority rule occur on its bor
ders. in Rhodesia and Namibia.
The demonstrations and riots of
the past week suggest that fun
damental change may also be on
its way within South Africa.
President Ford and Secretary

Kissinger have quite properly
voiced United States support for
the principle of majority rule in
Rhodesia and Namibia; we urge
them to make it clear that the
same principle applies to South
Africa as well.
(David Abernethy, an associate
professor of political science,
was one of 13 Stanford scholars
who signed this statement.)
Abernethy, et. al.

At least 140 black South Afri
cans have been killed and more
than <» thousand others injured
in recent protests directed
against the discriminatory and
repressive racial policies of the
South African government. We
wish to add our voices in protest
against these policies and
against the violent manner in
which the demonstrations were
quel led.
R lack students in Soweto were
thoroughly justified, we feel, in
objecting to the extensive use in
their schools of Afrikaans, lan
guage of the white ethnic group
whose ruling Nationalist Party
has developed racial segregation
to a fine art during the past 28
years.
That black Africans were not
consulted when language policy
was set — that they were ex
pected to passively accept deci
sions made for them by a gov
ernment which denies them the
right to representation — these
factors both explain the im
mediate cause of the demonstra
tions and reveal something of
the wider panorama of South Af
rican injustice.
Recent events in Angola,
Mozambique and Rhodesia, as
well as Secretary of State Kis
singer's African tour, have
drawn this country's attention
increasingly to southern Africa.
An impression has been created
that South Africa will remain
politically stable and in white
hands even if the inevitable up
heavals of the transition to
majority rule occur on its bor
ders. in Rhodesia and Namibia.
The demonstrations and riots of
the past week suggest that fun
damental change may also be on
its way within South Africa.
President Ford and Secretary

Kissinger have quite properly
voiced United States support for
the principle of majority rule in
Rhodesia and Namibia; we urge
them to make it clear that the
same principle applies to South
Africa as well.
(David Abernethy, an associate
professor of political science,
was one of 13 Stanford scholars
who signed this statement.)
Abernethy, et. al.

At least 140 black South Afri
cans have been killed and more
than <» thousand others injured
in recent protests directed
against the discriminatory and
repressive racial policies of the
South African government. We
wish to add our voices in protest
against these policies and
against the violent manner in
which the demonstrations were
quel led.
R lack students in Soweto were
thoroughly justified, we feel, in
objecting to the extensive use in
their schools of Afrikaans, lan
guage of the white ethnic group
whose ruling Nationalist Party
has developed racial segregation
to a fine art during the past 28
years.
That black Africans were not
consulted when language policy
was set — that they were ex
pected to passively accept deci
sions made for them by a gov
ernment which denies them the
right to representation — these
factors both explain the im
mediate cause of the demonstra
tions and reveal something of
the wider panorama of South Af
rican injustice.
Recent events in Angola,
Mozambique and Rhodesia, as
well as Secretary of State Kis
singer's African tour, have
drawn this country's attention
increasingly to southern Africa.
An impression has been created
that South Africa will remain
politically stable and in white
hands even if the inevitable up
heavals of the transition to
majority rule occur on its bor
ders. in Rhodesia and Namibia.
The demonstrations and riots of
the past week suggest that fun
damental change may also be on
its way within South Africa.
President Ford and Secretary

Kissinger have quite properly
voiced United States support for
the principle of majority rule in
Rhodesia and Namibia; we urge
them to make it clear that the
same principle applies to South
Africa as well.
(David Abernethy, an associate
professor of political science,
was one of 13 Stanford scholars
who signed this statement.)
Abernethy, et. al.

At least 140 black South Afri
cans have been killed and more
than <» thousand others injured
in recent protests directed
against the discriminatory and
repressive racial policies of the
South African government. We
wish to add our voices in protest
against these policies and
against the violent manner in
which the demonstrations were
quel led.
R lack students in Soweto were
thoroughly justified, we feel, in
objecting to the extensive use in
their schools of Afrikaans, lan
guage of the white ethnic group
whose ruling Nationalist Party
has developed racial segregation
to a fine art during the past 28
years.
That black Africans were not
consulted when language policy
was set — that they were ex
pected to passively accept deci
sions made for them by a gov
ernment which denies them the
right to representation — these
factors both explain the im
mediate cause of the demonstra
tions and reveal something of
the wider panorama of South Af
rican injustice.
Recent events in Angola,
Mozambique and Rhodesia, as
well as Secretary of State Kis
singer's African tour, have
drawn this country's attention
increasingly to southern Africa.
An impression has been created
that South Africa will remain
politically stable and in white
hands even if the inevitable up
heavals of the transition to
majority rule occur on its bor
ders. in Rhodesia and Namibia.
The demonstrations and riots of
the past week suggest that fun
damental change may also be on
its way within South Africa.
President Ford and Secretary

Kissinger have quite properly
voiced United States support for
the principle of majority rule in
Rhodesia and Namibia; we urge
them to make it clear that the
same principle applies to South
Africa as well.
(David Abernethy, an associate
professor of political science,
was one of 13 Stanford scholars
who signed this statement.)
Abernethy, et. al.

At least 140 black South Afri
cans have been killed and more
than <» thousand others injured
in recent protests directed
against the discriminatory and
repressive racial policies of the
South African government. We
wish to add our voices in protest
against these policies and
against the violent manner in
which the demonstrations were
quel led.
R lack students in Soweto were
thoroughly justified, we feel, in
objecting to the extensive use in
their schools of Afrikaans, lan
guage of the white ethnic group
whose ruling Nationalist Party
has developed racial segregation
to a fine art during the past 28
years.
That black Africans were not
consulted when language policy
was set — that they were ex
pected to passively accept deci
sions made for them by a gov
ernment which denies them the
right to representation — these
factors both explain the im
mediate cause of the demonstra
tions and reveal something of
the wider panorama of South Af
rican injustice.
Recent events in Angola,
Mozambique and Rhodesia, as
well as Secretary of State Kis
singer's African tour, have
drawn this country's attention
increasingly to southern Africa.
An impression has been created
that South Africa will remain
politically stable and in white
hands even if the inevitable up
heavals of the transition to
majority rule occur on its bor
ders. in Rhodesia and Namibia.
The demonstrations and riots of
the past week suggest that fun
damental change may also be on
its way within South Africa.
President Ford and Secretary

Kissinger have quite properly
voiced United States support for
the principle of majority rule in
Rhodesia and Namibia; we urge
them to make it clear that the
same principle applies to South
Africa as well.
(David Abernethy, an associate
professor of political science,
was one of 13 Stanford scholars
who signed this statement.)
Abernethy, et. al.

At least 140 black South Afri
cans have been killed and more
than <» thousand others injured
in recent protests directed
against the discriminatory and
repressive racial policies of the
South African government. We
wish to add our voices in protest
against these policies and
against the violent manner in
which the demonstrations were
quel led.
R lack students in Soweto were
thoroughly justified, we feel, in
objecting to the extensive use in
their schools of Afrikaans, lan
guage of the white ethnic group
whose ruling Nationalist Party
has developed racial segregation
to a fine art during the past 28
years.
That black Africans were not
consulted when language policy
was set — that they were ex
pected to passively accept deci
sions made for them by a gov
ernment which denies them the
right to representation — these
factors both explain the im
mediate cause of the demonstra
tions and reveal something of
the wider panorama of South Af
rican injustice.
Recent events in Angola,
Mozambique and Rhodesia, as
well as Secretary of State Kis
singer's African tour, have
drawn this country's attention
increasingly to southern Africa.
An impression has been created
that South Africa will remain
politically stable and in white
hands even if the inevitable up
heavals of the transition to
majority rule occur on its bor
ders. in Rhodesia and Namibia.
The demonstrations and riots of
the past week suggest that fun
damental change may also be on
its way within South Africa.
President Ford and Secretary

Kissinger have quite properly
voiced United States support for
the principle of majority rule in
Rhodesia and Namibia; we urge
them to make it clear that the
same principle applies to South
Africa as well.
(David Abernethy, an associate
professor of political science,
was one of 13 Stanford scholars
who signed this statement.)
Abernethy, et. al.

At least 140 black South Afri
cans have been killed and more
than <» thousand others injured
in recent protests directed
against the discriminatory and
repressive racial policies of the
South African government. We
wish to add our voices in protest
against these policies and
against the violent manner in
which the demonstrations were
quel led.
R lack students in Soweto were
thoroughly justified, we feel, in
objecting to the extensive use in
their schools of Afrikaans, lan
guage of the white ethnic group
whose ruling Nationalist Party
has developed racial segregation
to a fine art during the past 28
years.
That black Africans were not
consulted when language policy
was set — that they were ex
pected to passively accept deci
sions made for them by a gov
ernment which denies them the
right to representation — these
factors both explain the im
mediate cause of the demonstra
tions and reveal something of
the wider panorama of South Af
rican injustice.
Recent events in Angola,
Mozambique and Rhodesia, as
well as Secretary of State Kis
singer's African tour, have
drawn this country's attention
increasingly to southern Africa.
An impression has been created
that South Africa will remain
politically stable and in white
hands even if the inevitable up
heavals of the transition to
majority rule occur on its bor
ders. in Rhodesia and Namibia.
The demonstrations and riots of
the past week suggest that fun
damental change may also be on
its way within South Africa.
President Ford and Secretary

Kissinger have quite properly
voiced United States support for
the principle of majority rule in
Rhodesia and Namibia; we urge
them to make it clear that the
same principle applies to South
Africa as well.
(David Abernethy, an associate
professor of political science,
was one of 13 Stanford scholars
who signed this statement.)
Abernethy, et. al.

At least 140 black South Afri
cans have been killed and more
than <» thousand others injured
in recent protests directed
against the discriminatory and
repressive racial policies of the
South African government. We
wish to add our voices in protest
against these policies and
against the violent manner in
which the demonstrations were
quel led.
R lack students in Soweto were
thoroughly justified, we feel, in
objecting to the extensive use in
their schools of Afrikaans, lan
guage of the white ethnic group
whose ruling Nationalist Party
has developed racial segregation
to a fine art during the past 28
years.
That black Africans were not
consulted when language policy
was set — that they were ex
pected to passively accept deci
sions made for them by a gov
ernment which denies them the
right to representation — these
factors both explain the im
mediate cause of the demonstra
tions and reveal something of
the wider panorama of South Af
rican injustice.
Recent events in Angola,
Mozambique and Rhodesia, as
well as Secretary of State Kis
singer's African tour, have
drawn this country's attention
increasingly to southern Africa.
An impression has been created
that South Africa will remain
politically stable and in white
hands even if the inevitable up
heavals of the transition to
majority rule occur on its bor
ders. in Rhodesia and Namibia.
The demonstrations and riots of
the past week suggest that fun
damental change may also be on
its way within South Africa.
President Ford and Secretary

Kissinger have quite properly
voiced United States support for
the principle of majority rule in
Rhodesia and Namibia; we urge
them to make it clear that the
same principle applies to South
Africa as well.
(David Abernethy, an associate
professor of political science,
was one of 13 Stanford scholars
who signed this statement.)
Abernethy, et. al.

At least 140 black South Afri
cans have been killed and more
than <» thousand others injured
in recent protests directed
against the discriminatory and
repressive racial policies of the
South African government. We
wish to add our voices in protest
against these policies and
against the violent manner in
which the demonstrations were
quel led.
R lack students in Soweto were
thoroughly justified, we feel, in
objecting to the extensive use in
their schools of Afrikaans, lan
guage of the white ethnic group
whose ruling Nationalist Party
has developed racial segregation
to a fine art during the past 28
years.
That black Africans were not
consulted when language policy
was set — that they were ex
pected to passively accept deci
sions made for them by a gov
ernment which denies them the
right to representation — these
factors both explain the im
mediate cause of the demonstra
tions and reveal something of
the wider panorama of South Af
rican injustice.
Recent events in Angola,
Mozambique and Rhodesia, as
well as Secretary of State Kis
singer's African tour, have
drawn this country's attention
increasingly to southern Africa.
An impression has been created
that South Africa will remain
politically stable and in white
hands even if the inevitable up
heavals of the transition to
majority rule occur on its bor
ders. in Rhodesia and Namibia.
The demonstrations and riots of
the past week suggest that fun
damental change may also be on
its way within South Africa.
President Ford and Secretary

Kissinger have quite properly
voiced United States support for
the principle of majority rule in
Rhodesia and Namibia; we urge
them to make it clear that the
same principle applies to South
Africa as well.
(David Abernethy, an associate
professor of political science,
was one of 13 Stanford scholars
who signed this statement.)
Abernethy, et. al.

At least 140 black South Afri
cans have been killed and more
than <» thousand others injured
in recent protests directed
against the discriminatory and
repressive racial policies of the
South African government. We
wish to add our voices in protest
against these policies and
against the violent manner in
which the demonstrations were
quel led.
R lack students in Soweto were
thoroughly justified, we feel, in
objecting to the extensive use in
their schools of Afrikaans, lan
guage of the white ethnic group
whose ruling Nationalist Party
has developed racial segregation
to a fine art during the past 28
years.
That black Africans were not
consulted when language policy
was set — that they were ex
pected to passively accept deci
sions made for them by a gov
ernment which denies them the
right to representation — these
factors both explain the im
mediate cause of the demonstra
tions and reveal something of
the wider panorama of South Af
rican injustice.
Recent events in Angola,
Mozambique and Rhodesia, as
well as Secretary of State Kis
singer's African tour, have
drawn this country's attention
increasingly to southern Africa.
An impression has been created
that South Africa will remain
politically stable and in white
hands even if the inevitable up
heavals of the transition to
majority rule occur on its bor
ders. in Rhodesia and Namibia.
The demonstrations and riots of
the past week suggest that fun
damental change may also be on
its way within South Africa.
President Ford and Secretary

Kissinger have quite properly
voiced United States support for
the principle of majority rule in
Rhodesia and Namibia; we urge
them to make it clear that the
same principle applies to South
Africa as well.
(David Abernethy, an associate
professor of political science,
was one of 13 Stanford scholars
who signed this statement.)
Abernethy, et. al.

At least 140 black South Afri
cans have been killed and more
than <» thousand others injured
in recent protests directed
against the discriminatory and
repressive racial policies of the
South African government. We
wish to add our voices in protest
against these policies and
against the violent manner in
which the demonstrations were
quel led.
R lack students in Soweto were
thoroughly justified, we feel, in
objecting to the extensive use in
their schools of Afrikaans, lan
guage of the white ethnic group
whose ruling Nationalist Party
has developed racial segregation
to a fine art during the past 28
years.
That black Africans were not
consulted when language policy
was set — that they were ex
pected to passively accept deci
sions made for them by a gov
ernment which denies them the
right to representation — these
factors both explain the im
mediate cause of the demonstra
tions and reveal something of
the wider panorama of South Af
rican injustice.
Recent events in Angola,
Mozambique and Rhodesia, as
well as Secretary of State Kis
singer's African tour, have
drawn this country's attention
increasingly to southern Africa.
An impression has been created
that South Africa will remain
politically stable and in white
hands even if the inevitable up
heavals of the transition to
majority rule occur on its bor
ders. in Rhodesia and Namibia.
The demonstrations and riots of
the past week suggest that fun
damental change may also be on
its way within South Africa.
President Ford and Secretary

Kissinger have quite properly
voiced United States support for
the principle of majority rule in
Rhodesia and Namibia; we urge
them to make it clear that the
same principle applies to South
Africa as well.
(David Abernethy, an associate
professor of political science,
was one of 13 Stanford scholars
who signed this statement.)
