# Untitled Article
## 
### 
An expert on the direct
conversion of heat into elec
tric power will speak today at
H p.m. in Skilling Au
ditorium.
An expert on the direct
conversion of heat into elec
tric power will speak today at
H p.m. in Skilling Au
ditorium.
An expert on the direct
conversion of heat into elec
tric power will speak today at
H p.m. in Skilling Au
ditorium.
An expert on the direct
conversion of heat into elec
tric power will speak today at
H p.m. in Skilling Au
ditorium.
An expert on the direct
conversion of heat into elec
tric power will speak today at
H p.m. in Skilling Au
ditorium.
An expert on the direct
conversion of heat into elec
tric power will speak today at
H p.m. in Skilling Au
ditorium.
An expert on the direct
conversion of heat into elec
tric power will speak today at
H p.m. in Skilling Au
ditorium.
An expert on the direct
conversion of heat into elec
tric power will speak today at
H p.m. in Skilling Au
ditorium.
An expert on the direct
conversion of heat into elec
tric power will speak today at
H p.m. in Skilling Au
ditorium.
An expert on the direct
conversion of heat into elec
tric power will speak today at
H p.m. in Skilling Au
ditorium.
An expert on the direct
conversion of heat into elec
tric power will speak today at
H p.m. in Skilling Au
ditorium.
An expert on the direct
conversion of heat into elec
tric power will speak today at
H p.m. in Skilling Au
ditorium.
An expert on the direct
conversion of heat into elec
tric power will speak today at
H p.m. in Skilling Au
ditorium.
