# "On the Boat" Assembly Held Tomorrow Evening
## 
### 
New students will be told of the
traditions and avtivities of Stanford,
nt a meeting tomorrow night, at 5:15,
in room 12, of the Law Building. All
freshmeft are required to be present.
This will be the only "on the boat"
assembly of the quarter, and is to last
half an hour.
The obligations of the honor system,
Stanford traditions, and the various
activities on the campus will be ex
plained. Rules regarding athletics,
especially those governing commercial
offers, are to be fully gone into. Speak
ers from the student body will tell
about each point.
New students will be told of the
traditions and avtivities of Stanford,
nt a meeting tomorrow night, at 5:15,
in room 12, of the Law Building. All
freshmeft are required to be present.
This will be the only "on the boat"
assembly of the quarter, and is to last
half an hour.
The obligations of the honor system,
Stanford traditions, and the various
activities on the campus will be ex
plained. Rules regarding athletics,
especially those governing commercial
offers, are to be fully gone into. Speak
ers from the student body will tell
about each point.
New students will be told of the
traditions and avtivities of Stanford,
nt a meeting tomorrow night, at 5:15,
in room 12, of the Law Building. All
freshmeft are required to be present.
This will be the only "on the boat"
assembly of the quarter, and is to last
half an hour.
The obligations of the honor system,
Stanford traditions, and the various
activities on the campus will be ex
plained. Rules regarding athletics,
especially those governing commercial
offers, are to be fully gone into. Speak
ers from the student body will tell
about each point.
New students will be told of the
traditions and avtivities of Stanford,
nt a meeting tomorrow night, at 5:15,
in room 12, of the Law Building. All
freshmeft are required to be present.
This will be the only "on the boat"
assembly of the quarter, and is to last
half an hour.
The obligations of the honor system,
Stanford traditions, and the various
activities on the campus will be ex
plained. Rules regarding athletics,
especially those governing commercial
offers, are to be fully gone into. Speak
ers from the student body will tell
about each point.
New students will be told of the
traditions and avtivities of Stanford,
nt a meeting tomorrow night, at 5:15,
in room 12, of the Law Building. All
freshmeft are required to be present.
This will be the only "on the boat"
assembly of the quarter, and is to last
half an hour.
The obligations of the honor system,
Stanford traditions, and the various
activities on the campus will be ex
plained. Rules regarding athletics,
especially those governing commercial
offers, are to be fully gone into. Speak
ers from the student body will tell
about each point.
New students will be told of the
traditions and avtivities of Stanford,
nt a meeting tomorrow night, at 5:15,
in room 12, of the Law Building. All
freshmeft are required to be present.
This will be the only "on the boat"
assembly of the quarter, and is to last
half an hour.
The obligations of the honor system,
Stanford traditions, and the various
activities on the campus will be ex
plained. Rules regarding athletics,
especially those governing commercial
offers, are to be fully gone into. Speak
ers from the student body will tell
about each point.
New students will be told of the
traditions and avtivities of Stanford,
nt a meeting tomorrow night, at 5:15,
in room 12, of the Law Building. All
freshmeft are required to be present.
This will be the only "on the boat"
assembly of the quarter, and is to last
half an hour.
The obligations of the honor system,
Stanford traditions, and the various
activities on the campus will be ex
plained. Rules regarding athletics,
especially those governing commercial
offers, are to be fully gone into. Speak
ers from the student body will tell
about each point.
New students will be told of the
traditions and avtivities of Stanford,
nt a meeting tomorrow night, at 5:15,
in room 12, of the Law Building. All
freshmeft are required to be present.
This will be the only "on the boat"
assembly of the quarter, and is to last
half an hour.
The obligations of the honor system,
Stanford traditions, and the various
activities on the campus will be ex
plained. Rules regarding athletics,
especially those governing commercial
offers, are to be fully gone into. Speak
ers from the student body will tell
about each point.
New students will be told of the
traditions and avtivities of Stanford,
nt a meeting tomorrow night, at 5:15,
in room 12, of the Law Building. All
freshmeft are required to be present.
This will be the only "on the boat"
assembly of the quarter, and is to last
half an hour.
The obligations of the honor system,
Stanford traditions, and the various
activities on the campus will be ex
plained. Rules regarding athletics,
especially those governing commercial
offers, are to be fully gone into. Speak
ers from the student body will tell
about each point.
New students will be told of the
traditions and avtivities of Stanford,
nt a meeting tomorrow night, at 5:15,
in room 12, of the Law Building. All
freshmeft are required to be present.
This will be the only "on the boat"
assembly of the quarter, and is to last
half an hour.
The obligations of the honor system,
Stanford traditions, and the various
activities on the campus will be ex
plained. Rules regarding athletics,
especially those governing commercial
offers, are to be fully gone into. Speak
ers from the student body will tell
about each point.
New students will be told of the
traditions and avtivities of Stanford,
nt a meeting tomorrow night, at 5:15,
in room 12, of the Law Building. All
freshmeft are required to be present.
This will be the only "on the boat"
assembly of the quarter, and is to last
half an hour.
The obligations of the honor system,
Stanford traditions, and the various
activities on the campus will be ex
plained. Rules regarding athletics,
especially those governing commercial
offers, are to be fully gone into. Speak
ers from the student body will tell
about each point.
New students will be told of the
traditions and avtivities of Stanford,
nt a meeting tomorrow night, at 5:15,
in room 12, of the Law Building. All
freshmeft are required to be present.
This will be the only "on the boat"
assembly of the quarter, and is to last
half an hour.
The obligations of the honor system,
Stanford traditions, and the various
activities on the campus will be ex
plained. Rules regarding athletics,
especially those governing commercial
offers, are to be fully gone into. Speak
ers from the student body will tell
about each point.
New students will be told of the
traditions and avtivities of Stanford,
nt a meeting tomorrow night, at 5:15,
in room 12, of the Law Building. All
freshmeft are required to be present.
This will be the only "on the boat"
assembly of the quarter, and is to last
half an hour.
The obligations of the honor system,
Stanford traditions, and the various
activities on the campus will be ex
plained. Rules regarding athletics,
especially those governing commercial
offers, are to be fully gone into. Speak
ers from the student body will tell
about each point.
New students will be told of the
traditions and avtivities of Stanford,
nt a meeting tomorrow night, at 5:15,
in room 12, of the Law Building. All
freshmeft are required to be present.
This will be the only "on the boat"
assembly of the quarter, and is to last
half an hour.
The obligations of the honor system,
Stanford traditions, and the various
activities on the campus will be ex
plained. Rules regarding athletics,
especially those governing commercial
offers, are to be fully gone into. Speak
ers from the student body will tell
about each point.
