# Commuters' Club Will Hold First Luncheon
## 
### 
The Commuters' Club will hold its
first meeting of the quarter. Tuesday
noon, in the Women's Clubhouse. Miss
Woolsey will speak on the Y. W. C. A.,
and all new girls who do not live 011
the campus are especially urged to
come. '
The Commuters' Club will hold its
first meeting of the quarter. Tuesday
noon, in the Women's Clubhouse. Miss
Woolsey will speak on the Y. W. C. A.,
and all new girls who do not live 011
the campus are especially urged to
come. '
The Commuters' Club will hold its
first meeting of the quarter. Tuesday
noon, in the Women's Clubhouse. Miss
Woolsey will speak on the Y. W. C. A.,
and all new girls who do not live 011
the campus are especially urged to
come. '
The Commuters' Club will hold its
first meeting of the quarter. Tuesday
noon, in the Women's Clubhouse. Miss
Woolsey will speak on the Y. W. C. A.,
and all new girls who do not live 011
the campus are especially urged to
come. '
The Commuters' Club will hold its
first meeting of the quarter. Tuesday
noon, in the Women's Clubhouse. Miss
Woolsey will speak on the Y. W. C. A.,
and all new girls who do not live 011
the campus are especially urged to
come. '
The Commuters' Club will hold its
first meeting of the quarter. Tuesday
noon, in the Women's Clubhouse. Miss
Woolsey will speak on the Y. W. C. A.,
and all new girls who do not live 011
the campus are especially urged to
come. '
The Commuters' Club will hold its
first meeting of the quarter. Tuesday
noon, in the Women's Clubhouse. Miss
Woolsey will speak on the Y. W. C. A.,
and all new girls who do not live 011
the campus are especially urged to
come. '
The Commuters' Club will hold its
first meeting of the quarter. Tuesday
noon, in the Women's Clubhouse. Miss
Woolsey will speak on the Y. W. C. A.,
and all new girls who do not live 011
the campus are especially urged to
come. '
The Commuters' Club will hold its
first meeting of the quarter. Tuesday
noon, in the Women's Clubhouse. Miss
Woolsey will speak on the Y. W. C. A.,
and all new girls who do not live 011
the campus are especially urged to
come. '
The Commuters' Club will hold its
first meeting of the quarter. Tuesday
noon, in the Women's Clubhouse. Miss
Woolsey will speak on the Y. W. C. A.,
and all new girls who do not live 011
the campus are especially urged to
come. '
The Commuters' Club will hold its
first meeting of the quarter. Tuesday
noon, in the Women's Clubhouse. Miss
Woolsey will speak on the Y. W. C. A.,
and all new girls who do not live 011
the campus are especially urged to
come. '
The Commuters' Club will hold its
first meeting of the quarter. Tuesday
noon, in the Women's Clubhouse. Miss
Woolsey will speak on the Y. W. C. A.,
and all new girls who do not live 011
the campus are especially urged to
come. '
The Commuters' Club will hold its
first meeting of the quarter. Tuesday
noon, in the Women's Clubhouse. Miss
Woolsey will speak on the Y. W. C. A.,
and all new girls who do not live 011
the campus are especially urged to
come. '
The Commuters' Club will hold its
first meeting of the quarter. Tuesday
noon, in the Women's Clubhouse. Miss
Woolsey will speak on the Y. W. C. A.,
and all new girls who do not live 011
the campus are especially urged to
come. '
