# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—The Junior Plug Ugly posters
appeared today. The design em
braces a large red block "S" with
the usual josh matter in the back
ground.
—The Junior Plug Ugly posters
appeared today. The design em
braces a large red block "S" with
the usual josh matter in the back
ground.
—The Junior Plug Ugly posters
appeared today. The design em
braces a large red block "S" with
the usual josh matter in the back
ground.
—The Junior Plug Ugly posters
appeared today. The design em
braces a large red block "S" with
the usual josh matter in the back
ground.
—The Junior Plug Ugly posters
appeared today. The design em
braces a large red block "S" with
the usual josh matter in the back
ground.
—The Junior Plug Ugly posters
appeared today. The design em
braces a large red block "S" with
the usual josh matter in the back
ground.
—The Junior Plug Ugly posters
appeared today. The design em
braces a large red block "S" with
the usual josh matter in the back
ground.
—The Junior Plug Ugly posters
appeared today. The design em
braces a large red block "S" with
the usual josh matter in the back
ground.
