# Automobile Roll.
## 
### 
More than one hundred automobiles
pass in front of the law steps every
hour, says "Dad" Mercer, the campus
"cop," and the average is much higher
on Sunday.
More than one hundred automobiles
pass in front of the law steps every
hour, says "Dad" Mercer, the campus
"cop," and the average is much higher
on Sunday.
More than one hundred automobiles
pass in front of the law steps every
hour, says "Dad" Mercer, the campus
"cop," and the average is much higher
on Sunday.
More than one hundred automobiles
pass in front of the law steps every
hour, says "Dad" Mercer, the campus
"cop," and the average is much higher
on Sunday.
More than one hundred automobiles
pass in front of the law steps every
hour, says "Dad" Mercer, the campus
"cop," and the average is much higher
on Sunday.
More than one hundred automobiles
pass in front of the law steps every
hour, says "Dad" Mercer, the campus
"cop," and the average is much higher
on Sunday.
More than one hundred automobiles
pass in front of the law steps every
hour, says "Dad" Mercer, the campus
"cop," and the average is much higher
on Sunday.
More than one hundred automobiles
pass in front of the law steps every
hour, says "Dad" Mercer, the campus
"cop," and the average is much higher
on Sunday.
More than one hundred automobiles
pass in front of the law steps every
hour, says "Dad" Mercer, the campus
"cop," and the average is much higher
on Sunday.
More than one hundred automobiles
pass in front of the law steps every
hour, says "Dad" Mercer, the campus
"cop," and the average is much higher
on Sunday.
More than one hundred automobiles
pass in front of the law steps every
hour, says "Dad" Mercer, the campus
"cop," and the average is much higher
on Sunday.
More than one hundred automobiles
pass in front of the law steps every
hour, says "Dad" Mercer, the campus
"cop," and the average is much higher
on Sunday.
More than one hundred automobiles
pass in front of the law steps every
hour, says "Dad" Mercer, the campus
"cop," and the average is much higher
on Sunday.
More than one hundred automobiles
pass in front of the law steps every
hour, says "Dad" Mercer, the campus
"cop," and the average is much higher
on Sunday.
