# Rivers and Harbors Bill Passes.
## 
### 
Washington, Sept. 22.—The Senate
today passed the Rivers and Harbors
bill almost unanimously. An appropri
ation of twenty million dollars is al
lowed by the bill. The report of the
committee on amendments was re
jected.
Washington, Sept. 22.—The Senate
today passed the Rivers and Harbors
bill almost unanimously. An appropri
ation of twenty million dollars is al
lowed by the bill. The report of the
committee on amendments was re
jected.
Washington, Sept. 22.—The Senate
today passed the Rivers and Harbors
bill almost unanimously. An appropri
ation of twenty million dollars is al
lowed by the bill. The report of the
committee on amendments was re
jected.
Washington, Sept. 22.—The Senate
today passed the Rivers and Harbors
bill almost unanimously. An appropri
ation of twenty million dollars is al
lowed by the bill. The report of the
committee on amendments was re
jected.
Washington, Sept. 22.—The Senate
today passed the Rivers and Harbors
bill almost unanimously. An appropri
ation of twenty million dollars is al
lowed by the bill. The report of the
committee on amendments was re
jected.
Washington, Sept. 22.—The Senate
today passed the Rivers and Harbors
bill almost unanimously. An appropri
ation of twenty million dollars is al
lowed by the bill. The report of the
committee on amendments was re
jected.
Washington, Sept. 22.—The Senate
today passed the Rivers and Harbors
bill almost unanimously. An appropri
ation of twenty million dollars is al
lowed by the bill. The report of the
committee on amendments was re
jected.
Washington, Sept. 22.—The Senate
today passed the Rivers and Harbors
bill almost unanimously. An appropri
ation of twenty million dollars is al
lowed by the bill. The report of the
committee on amendments was re
jected.
Washington, Sept. 22.—The Senate
today passed the Rivers and Harbors
bill almost unanimously. An appropri
ation of twenty million dollars is al
lowed by the bill. The report of the
committee on amendments was re
jected.
Washington, Sept. 22.—The Senate
today passed the Rivers and Harbors
bill almost unanimously. An appropri
ation of twenty million dollars is al
lowed by the bill. The report of the
committee on amendments was re
jected.
Washington, Sept. 22.—The Senate
today passed the Rivers and Harbors
bill almost unanimously. An appropri
ation of twenty million dollars is al
lowed by the bill. The report of the
committee on amendments was re
jected.
Washington, Sept. 22.—The Senate
today passed the Rivers and Harbors
bill almost unanimously. An appropri
ation of twenty million dollars is al
lowed by the bill. The report of the
committee on amendments was re
jected.
Washington, Sept. 22.—The Senate
today passed the Rivers and Harbors
bill almost unanimously. An appropri
ation of twenty million dollars is al
lowed by the bill. The report of the
committee on amendments was re
jected.
Washington, Sept. 22.—The Senate
today passed the Rivers and Harbors
bill almost unanimously. An appropri
ation of twenty million dollars is al
lowed by the bill. The report of the
committee on amendments was re
jected.
