# Adv. 1 Page 2
## 
### 
r', • e
i
;S . - , Hyrv®,
What role do you want to
play in the revolution?
*;>
P : 7
Come by and see us when
we visit your campus:
DATE
10-12- 99
PLACE
Tressider
TIME
10:00 am
TYPE OF EVENT
Career Fair
www. ibm. com/whywork
m£MM.
Vftfc
o
7T
■O
o
r', • e
i
;S . - , Hyrv®,
What role do you want to
play in the revolution?
*;>
P : 7
Come by and see us when
we visit your campus:
DATE
10-12- 99
PLACE
Tressider
TIME
10:00 am
TYPE OF EVENT
Career Fair
www. ibm. com/whywork
m£MM.
Vftfc
o
7T
■O
o
r', • e
i
;S . - , Hyrv®,
What role do you want to
play in the revolution?
*;>
P : 7
Come by and see us when
we visit your campus:
DATE
10-12- 99
PLACE
Tressider
TIME
10:00 am
TYPE OF EVENT
Career Fair
www. ibm. com/whywork
m£MM.
Vftfc
o
7T
■O
o
r', • e
i
;S . - , Hyrv®,
What role do you want to
play in the revolution?
*;>
P : 7
Come by and see us when
we visit your campus:
DATE
10-12- 99
PLACE
Tressider
TIME
10:00 am
TYPE OF EVENT
Career Fair
www. ibm. com/whywork
m£MM.
Vftfc
o
7T
■O
o
r', • e
i
;S . - , Hyrv®,
What role do you want to
play in the revolution?
*;>
P : 7
Come by and see us when
we visit your campus:
DATE
10-12- 99
PLACE
Tressider
TIME
10:00 am
TYPE OF EVENT
Career Fair
www. ibm. com/whywork
m£MM.
Vftfc
o
7T
■O
o
r', • e
i
;S . - , Hyrv®,
What role do you want to
play in the revolution?
*;>
P : 7
Come by and see us when
we visit your campus:
DATE
10-12- 99
PLACE
Tressider
TIME
10:00 am
TYPE OF EVENT
Career Fair
www. ibm. com/whywork
m£MM.
Vftfc
o
7T
■O
o
