# FLICK TO BE BRITISH
## 
### 
"So Long at the Fair," starring
•Jean Simmons and Derek Bogard,
will be this week ; Sunday Night
Movie. This British thriller con
cerns murder and suspense in Paris.
A short and a Bugs Bunny cartoon
will precede the show, which begins
at 7;SD.
"So Long at the Fair," starring
•Jean Simmons and Derek Bogard,
will be this week ; Sunday Night
Movie. This British thriller con
cerns murder and suspense in Paris.
A short and a Bugs Bunny cartoon
will precede the show, which begins
at 7;SD.
"So Long at the Fair," starring
•Jean Simmons and Derek Bogard,
will be this week ; Sunday Night
Movie. This British thriller con
cerns murder and suspense in Paris.
A short and a Bugs Bunny cartoon
will precede the show, which begins
at 7;SD.
"So Long at the Fair," starring
•Jean Simmons and Derek Bogard,
will be this week ; Sunday Night
Movie. This British thriller con
cerns murder and suspense in Paris.
A short and a Bugs Bunny cartoon
will precede the show, which begins
at 7;SD.
"So Long at the Fair," starring
•Jean Simmons and Derek Bogard,
will be this week ; Sunday Night
Movie. This British thriller con
cerns murder and suspense in Paris.
A short and a Bugs Bunny cartoon
will precede the show, which begins
at 7;SD.
"So Long at the Fair," starring
•Jean Simmons and Derek Bogard,
will be this week ; Sunday Night
Movie. This British thriller con
cerns murder and suspense in Paris.
A short and a Bugs Bunny cartoon
will precede the show, which begins
at 7;SD.
"So Long at the Fair," starring
•Jean Simmons and Derek Bogard,
will be this week ; Sunday Night
Movie. This British thriller con
cerns murder and suspense in Paris.
A short and a Bugs Bunny cartoon
will precede the show, which begins
at 7;SD.
"So Long at the Fair," starring
•Jean Simmons and Derek Bogard,
will be this week ; Sunday Night
Movie. This British thriller con
cerns murder and suspense in Paris.
A short and a Bugs Bunny cartoon
will precede the show, which begins
at 7;SD.
"So Long at the Fair," starring
•Jean Simmons and Derek Bogard,
will be this week ; Sunday Night
Movie. This British thriller con
cerns murder and suspense in Paris.
A short and a Bugs Bunny cartoon
will precede the show, which begins
at 7;SD.
"So Long at the Fair," starring
•Jean Simmons and Derek Bogard,
will be this week ; Sunday Night
Movie. This British thriller con
cerns murder and suspense in Paris.
A short and a Bugs Bunny cartoon
will precede the show, which begins
at 7;SD.
"So Long at the Fair," starring
•Jean Simmons and Derek Bogard,
will be this week ; Sunday Night
Movie. This British thriller con
cerns murder and suspense in Paris.
A short and a Bugs Bunny cartoon
will precede the show, which begins
at 7;SD.
"So Long at the Fair," starring
•Jean Simmons and Derek Bogard,
will be this week ; Sunday Night
Movie. This British thriller con
cerns murder and suspense in Paris.
A short and a Bugs Bunny cartoon
will precede the show, which begins
at 7;SD.
"So Long at the Fair," starring
•Jean Simmons and Derek Bogard,
will be this week ; Sunday Night
Movie. This British thriller con
cerns murder and suspense in Paris.
A short and a Bugs Bunny cartoon
will precede the show, which begins
at 7;SD.
"So Long at the Fair," starring
•Jean Simmons and Derek Bogard,
will be this week ; Sunday Night
Movie. This British thriller con
cerns murder and suspense in Paris.
A short and a Bugs Bunny cartoon
will precede the show, which begins
at 7;SD.
"So Long at the Fair," starring
•Jean Simmons and Derek Bogard,
will be this week ; Sunday Night
Movie. This British thriller con
cerns murder and suspense in Paris.
A short and a Bugs Bunny cartoon
will precede the show, which begins
at 7;SD.
"So Long at the Fair," starring
•Jean Simmons and Derek Bogard,
will be this week ; Sunday Night
Movie. This British thriller con
cerns murder and suspense in Paris.
A short and a Bugs Bunny cartoon
will precede the show, which begins
at 7;SD.
