# Bulldogs, Cards To Debate Friday
## 
### 
Stanford will meet San Mateo Col
lege in. a public debate to be held
Friday, Feb. 25 at 1:15 in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, according to Mr.
Harlen Adams of the speech depart
ment. Joe Sher and Dorothy Mac-
Donald, representing Stanford, will
uphold the affirmative of the ques
tion —Resolved, that loyal Japanese
should be allowed to return to Cali
fornia now. San Mateo College will
support the negative side of the issue.
Two other debate events are
scheduled to be held within the next
two weeks. A discussion of the
Negro question will be held at San
Jose and a debate with College of
the Pacific will take place here on
the issue of an international police
force. Dorothy Mac Donald and Carol
Newton will uphold the affirmative
for Stanford on the latter question.
Stanford will meet San Mateo Col
lege in. a public debate to be held
Friday, Feb. 25 at 1:15 in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, according to Mr.
Harlen Adams of the speech depart
ment. Joe Sher and Dorothy Mac-
Donald, representing Stanford, will
uphold the affirmative of the ques
tion —Resolved, that loyal Japanese
should be allowed to return to Cali
fornia now. San Mateo College will
support the negative side of the issue.
Two other debate events are
scheduled to be held within the next
two weeks. A discussion of the
Negro question will be held at San
Jose and a debate with College of
the Pacific will take place here on
the issue of an international police
force. Dorothy Mac Donald and Carol
Newton will uphold the affirmative
for Stanford on the latter question.
Stanford will meet San Mateo Col
lege in. a public debate to be held
Friday, Feb. 25 at 1:15 in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, according to Mr.
Harlen Adams of the speech depart
ment. Joe Sher and Dorothy Mac-
Donald, representing Stanford, will
uphold the affirmative of the ques
tion —Resolved, that loyal Japanese
should be allowed to return to Cali
fornia now. San Mateo College will
support the negative side of the issue.
Two other debate events are
scheduled to be held within the next
two weeks. A discussion of the
Negro question will be held at San
Jose and a debate with College of
the Pacific will take place here on
the issue of an international police
force. Dorothy Mac Donald and Carol
Newton will uphold the affirmative
for Stanford on the latter question.
Stanford will meet San Mateo Col
lege in. a public debate to be held
Friday, Feb. 25 at 1:15 in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, according to Mr.
Harlen Adams of the speech depart
ment. Joe Sher and Dorothy Mac-
Donald, representing Stanford, will
uphold the affirmative of the ques
tion —Resolved, that loyal Japanese
should be allowed to return to Cali
fornia now. San Mateo College will
support the negative side of the issue.
Two other debate events are
scheduled to be held within the next
two weeks. A discussion of the
Negro question will be held at San
Jose and a debate with College of
the Pacific will take place here on
the issue of an international police
force. Dorothy Mac Donald and Carol
Newton will uphold the affirmative
for Stanford on the latter question.
Stanford will meet San Mateo Col
lege in. a public debate to be held
Friday, Feb. 25 at 1:15 in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, according to Mr.
Harlen Adams of the speech depart
ment. Joe Sher and Dorothy Mac-
Donald, representing Stanford, will
uphold the affirmative of the ques
tion —Resolved, that loyal Japanese
should be allowed to return to Cali
fornia now. San Mateo College will
support the negative side of the issue.
Two other debate events are
scheduled to be held within the next
two weeks. A discussion of the
Negro question will be held at San
Jose and a debate with College of
the Pacific will take place here on
the issue of an international police
force. Dorothy Mac Donald and Carol
Newton will uphold the affirmative
for Stanford on the latter question.
Stanford will meet San Mateo Col
lege in. a public debate to be held
Friday, Feb. 25 at 1:15 in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, according to Mr.
Harlen Adams of the speech depart
ment. Joe Sher and Dorothy Mac-
Donald, representing Stanford, will
uphold the affirmative of the ques
tion —Resolved, that loyal Japanese
should be allowed to return to Cali
fornia now. San Mateo College will
support the negative side of the issue.
Two other debate events are
scheduled to be held within the next
two weeks. A discussion of the
Negro question will be held at San
Jose and a debate with College of
the Pacific will take place here on
the issue of an international police
force. Dorothy Mac Donald and Carol
Newton will uphold the affirmative
for Stanford on the latter question.
Stanford will meet San Mateo Col
lege in. a public debate to be held
Friday, Feb. 25 at 1:15 in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, according to Mr.
Harlen Adams of the speech depart
ment. Joe Sher and Dorothy Mac-
Donald, representing Stanford, will
uphold the affirmative of the ques
tion —Resolved, that loyal Japanese
should be allowed to return to Cali
fornia now. San Mateo College will
support the negative side of the issue.
Two other debate events are
scheduled to be held within the next
two weeks. A discussion of the
Negro question will be held at San
Jose and a debate with College of
the Pacific will take place here on
the issue of an international police
force. Dorothy Mac Donald and Carol
Newton will uphold the affirmative
for Stanford on the latter question.
Stanford will meet San Mateo Col
lege in. a public debate to be held
Friday, Feb. 25 at 1:15 in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, according to Mr.
Harlen Adams of the speech depart
ment. Joe Sher and Dorothy Mac-
Donald, representing Stanford, will
uphold the affirmative of the ques
tion —Resolved, that loyal Japanese
should be allowed to return to Cali
fornia now. San Mateo College will
support the negative side of the issue.
Two other debate events are
scheduled to be held within the next
two weeks. A discussion of the
Negro question will be held at San
Jose and a debate with College of
the Pacific will take place here on
the issue of an international police
force. Dorothy Mac Donald and Carol
Newton will uphold the affirmative
for Stanford on the latter question.
Stanford will meet San Mateo Col
lege in. a public debate to be held
Friday, Feb. 25 at 1:15 in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, according to Mr.
Harlen Adams of the speech depart
ment. Joe Sher and Dorothy Mac-
Donald, representing Stanford, will
uphold the affirmative of the ques
tion —Resolved, that loyal Japanese
should be allowed to return to Cali
fornia now. San Mateo College will
support the negative side of the issue.
Two other debate events are
scheduled to be held within the next
two weeks. A discussion of the
Negro question will be held at San
Jose and a debate with College of
the Pacific will take place here on
the issue of an international police
force. Dorothy Mac Donald and Carol
Newton will uphold the affirmative
for Stanford on the latter question.
Stanford will meet San Mateo Col
lege in. a public debate to be held
Friday, Feb. 25 at 1:15 in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, according to Mr.
Harlen Adams of the speech depart
ment. Joe Sher and Dorothy Mac-
Donald, representing Stanford, will
uphold the affirmative of the ques
tion —Resolved, that loyal Japanese
should be allowed to return to Cali
fornia now. San Mateo College will
support the negative side of the issue.
Two other debate events are
scheduled to be held within the next
two weeks. A discussion of the
Negro question will be held at San
Jose and a debate with College of
the Pacific will take place here on
the issue of an international police
force. Dorothy Mac Donald and Carol
Newton will uphold the affirmative
for Stanford on the latter question.
Stanford will meet San Mateo Col
lege in. a public debate to be held
Friday, Feb. 25 at 1:15 in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, according to Mr.
Harlen Adams of the speech depart
ment. Joe Sher and Dorothy Mac-
Donald, representing Stanford, will
uphold the affirmative of the ques
tion —Resolved, that loyal Japanese
should be allowed to return to Cali
fornia now. San Mateo College will
support the negative side of the issue.
Two other debate events are
scheduled to be held within the next
two weeks. A discussion of the
Negro question will be held at San
Jose and a debate with College of
the Pacific will take place here on
the issue of an international police
force. Dorothy Mac Donald and Carol
Newton will uphold the affirmative
for Stanford on the latter question.
Stanford will meet San Mateo Col
lege in. a public debate to be held
Friday, Feb. 25 at 1:15 in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, according to Mr.
Harlen Adams of the speech depart
ment. Joe Sher and Dorothy Mac-
Donald, representing Stanford, will
uphold the affirmative of the ques
tion —Resolved, that loyal Japanese
should be allowed to return to Cali
fornia now. San Mateo College will
support the negative side of the issue.
Two other debate events are
scheduled to be held within the next
two weeks. A discussion of the
Negro question will be held at San
Jose and a debate with College of
the Pacific will take place here on
the issue of an international police
force. Dorothy Mac Donald and Carol
Newton will uphold the affirmative
for Stanford on the latter question.
Stanford will meet San Mateo Col
lege in. a public debate to be held
Friday, Feb. 25 at 1:15 in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, according to Mr.
Harlen Adams of the speech depart
ment. Joe Sher and Dorothy Mac-
Donald, representing Stanford, will
uphold the affirmative of the ques
tion —Resolved, that loyal Japanese
should be allowed to return to Cali
fornia now. San Mateo College will
support the negative side of the issue.
Two other debate events are
scheduled to be held within the next
two weeks. A discussion of the
Negro question will be held at San
Jose and a debate with College of
the Pacific will take place here on
the issue of an international police
force. Dorothy Mac Donald and Carol
Newton will uphold the affirmative
for Stanford on the latter question.
Stanford will meet San Mateo Col
lege in. a public debate to be held
Friday, Feb. 25 at 1:15 in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, according to Mr.
Harlen Adams of the speech depart
ment. Joe Sher and Dorothy Mac-
Donald, representing Stanford, will
uphold the affirmative of the ques
tion —Resolved, that loyal Japanese
should be allowed to return to Cali
fornia now. San Mateo College will
support the negative side of the issue.
Two other debate events are
scheduled to be held within the next
two weeks. A discussion of the
Negro question will be held at San
Jose and a debate with College of
the Pacific will take place here on
the issue of an international police
force. Dorothy Mac Donald and Carol
Newton will uphold the affirmative
for Stanford on the latter question.
Stanford will meet San Mateo Col
lege in. a public debate to be held
Friday, Feb. 25 at 1:15 in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, according to Mr.
Harlen Adams of the speech depart
ment. Joe Sher and Dorothy Mac-
Donald, representing Stanford, will
uphold the affirmative of the ques
tion —Resolved, that loyal Japanese
should be allowed to return to Cali
fornia now. San Mateo College will
support the negative side of the issue.
Two other debate events are
scheduled to be held within the next
two weeks. A discussion of the
Negro question will be held at San
Jose and a debate with College of
the Pacific will take place here on
the issue of an international police
force. Dorothy Mac Donald and Carol
Newton will uphold the affirmative
for Stanford on the latter question.
