# TAX BILL FEUD
## 
### 
WASHINGTON (UP) â€” The in
creasingly bitter feud between Presi
dent Roosevelt and Congress explod
ed in a sensational climax today as
Senator Alban W. Barkley of Ken
tucky renounced his '"chief" and re
signed as Senate Democratic leader
with his action bringing an unprece
dented plea from the President that
Barkley reconsider.
Barkley, long loyal friend and con
sistent supporter of President Roose
velt, announced his resignation dur
ing a dramatic speech in the Senate
in which the Kentuckian took the
President to task for his stinging
veto of the new two billion dollar
plus tax bill.
President Rosevelt's dramatic ap
peal for Barkley to reconsider came
a few hours afterward. The overture
was delivered to Barkley by White
House Secretary Stephen T. Early.
