# IRE Appoints New Officers
## 
### 
At an organizational meeting last
Tuesday evening Professors J. M.
Pettit and O. G. Villard Jr., mem
bers of the Electrical Engineering
Department faculty, were named of
ficers in the newly established Palo
Alto sub-section of the Institute of
Radio Engineers.
The unit, an ofTshoot of the San
Francisco section of the Institute,
appointed Pettit and Villard as vice
chairman and secretary - treasurer
and W. Noel Eldred of Hewlett-
Packard Company, Palo Alto, as
chairman.
Other Stanford professors of
prominent position in the Institute
are Karl I?. Spangenberg and L. P.
Fuller, who hold the rank of fellow,
an award granted in recognition of
work of high distinction.
Dr. Edward L. Ginzton, director of
the Stanford Microwave Laboratory,
has been elected a fellow and will
receive the award at the IRE's na
tional convention in March in New
York City.
At an organizational meeting last
Tuesday evening Professors J. M.
Pettit and O. G. Villard Jr., mem
bers of the Electrical Engineering
Department faculty, were named of
ficers in the newly established Palo
Alto sub-section of the Institute of
Radio Engineers.
The unit, an ofTshoot of the San
Francisco section of the Institute,
appointed Pettit and Villard as vice
chairman and secretary - treasurer
and W. Noel Eldred of Hewlett-
Packard Company, Palo Alto, as
chairman.
Other Stanford professors of
prominent position in the Institute
are Karl I?. Spangenberg and L. P.
Fuller, who hold the rank of fellow,
an award granted in recognition of
work of high distinction.
Dr. Edward L. Ginzton, director of
the Stanford Microwave Laboratory,
has been elected a fellow and will
receive the award at the IRE's na
tional convention in March in New
York City.
At an organizational meeting last
Tuesday evening Professors J. M.
Pettit and O. G. Villard Jr., mem
bers of the Electrical Engineering
Department faculty, were named of
ficers in the newly established Palo
Alto sub-section of the Institute of
Radio Engineers.
The unit, an ofTshoot of the San
Francisco section of the Institute,
appointed Pettit and Villard as vice
chairman and secretary - treasurer
and W. Noel Eldred of Hewlett-
Packard Company, Palo Alto, as
chairman.
Other Stanford professors of
prominent position in the Institute
are Karl I?. Spangenberg and L. P.
Fuller, who hold the rank of fellow,
an award granted in recognition of
work of high distinction.
Dr. Edward L. Ginzton, director of
the Stanford Microwave Laboratory,
has been elected a fellow and will
receive the award at the IRE's na
tional convention in March in New
York City.
At an organizational meeting last
Tuesday evening Professors J. M.
Pettit and O. G. Villard Jr., mem
bers of the Electrical Engineering
Department faculty, were named of
ficers in the newly established Palo
Alto sub-section of the Institute of
Radio Engineers.
The unit, an ofTshoot of the San
Francisco section of the Institute,
appointed Pettit and Villard as vice
chairman and secretary - treasurer
and W. Noel Eldred of Hewlett-
Packard Company, Palo Alto, as
chairman.
Other Stanford professors of
prominent position in the Institute
are Karl I?. Spangenberg and L. P.
Fuller, who hold the rank of fellow,
an award granted in recognition of
work of high distinction.
Dr. Edward L. Ginzton, director of
the Stanford Microwave Laboratory,
has been elected a fellow and will
receive the award at the IRE's na
tional convention in March in New
York City.
At an organizational meeting last
Tuesday evening Professors J. M.
Pettit and O. G. Villard Jr., mem
bers of the Electrical Engineering
Department faculty, were named of
ficers in the newly established Palo
Alto sub-section of the Institute of
Radio Engineers.
The unit, an ofTshoot of the San
Francisco section of the Institute,
appointed Pettit and Villard as vice
chairman and secretary - treasurer
and W. Noel Eldred of Hewlett-
Packard Company, Palo Alto, as
chairman.
Other Stanford professors of
prominent position in the Institute
are Karl I?. Spangenberg and L. P.
Fuller, who hold the rank of fellow,
an award granted in recognition of
work of high distinction.
Dr. Edward L. Ginzton, director of
the Stanford Microwave Laboratory,
has been elected a fellow and will
receive the award at the IRE's na
tional convention in March in New
York City.
At an organizational meeting last
Tuesday evening Professors J. M.
Pettit and O. G. Villard Jr., mem
bers of the Electrical Engineering
Department faculty, were named of
ficers in the newly established Palo
Alto sub-section of the Institute of
Radio Engineers.
The unit, an ofTshoot of the San
Francisco section of the Institute,
appointed Pettit and Villard as vice
chairman and secretary - treasurer
and W. Noel Eldred of Hewlett-
Packard Company, Palo Alto, as
chairman.
Other Stanford professors of
prominent position in the Institute
are Karl I?. Spangenberg and L. P.
Fuller, who hold the rank of fellow,
an award granted in recognition of
work of high distinction.
Dr. Edward L. Ginzton, director of
the Stanford Microwave Laboratory,
has been elected a fellow and will
receive the award at the IRE's na
tional convention in March in New
York City.
At an organizational meeting last
Tuesday evening Professors J. M.
Pettit and O. G. Villard Jr., mem
bers of the Electrical Engineering
Department faculty, were named of
ficers in the newly established Palo
Alto sub-section of the Institute of
Radio Engineers.
The unit, an ofTshoot of the San
Francisco section of the Institute,
appointed Pettit and Villard as vice
chairman and secretary - treasurer
and W. Noel Eldred of Hewlett-
Packard Company, Palo Alto, as
chairman.
Other Stanford professors of
prominent position in the Institute
are Karl I?. Spangenberg and L. P.
Fuller, who hold the rank of fellow,
an award granted in recognition of
work of high distinction.
Dr. Edward L. Ginzton, director of
the Stanford Microwave Laboratory,
has been elected a fellow and will
receive the award at the IRE's na
tional convention in March in New
York City.
At an organizational meeting last
Tuesday evening Professors J. M.
Pettit and O. G. Villard Jr., mem
bers of the Electrical Engineering
Department faculty, were named of
ficers in the newly established Palo
Alto sub-section of the Institute of
Radio Engineers.
The unit, an ofTshoot of the San
Francisco section of the Institute,
appointed Pettit and Villard as vice
chairman and secretary - treasurer
and W. Noel Eldred of Hewlett-
Packard Company, Palo Alto, as
chairman.
Other Stanford professors of
prominent position in the Institute
are Karl I?. Spangenberg and L. P.
Fuller, who hold the rank of fellow,
an award granted in recognition of
work of high distinction.
Dr. Edward L. Ginzton, director of
the Stanford Microwave Laboratory,
has been elected a fellow and will
receive the award at the IRE's na
tional convention in March in New
York City.
At an organizational meeting last
Tuesday evening Professors J. M.
Pettit and O. G. Villard Jr., mem
bers of the Electrical Engineering
Department faculty, were named of
ficers in the newly established Palo
Alto sub-section of the Institute of
Radio Engineers.
The unit, an ofTshoot of the San
Francisco section of the Institute,
appointed Pettit and Villard as vice
chairman and secretary - treasurer
and W. Noel Eldred of Hewlett-
Packard Company, Palo Alto, as
chairman.
Other Stanford professors of
prominent position in the Institute
are Karl I?. Spangenberg and L. P.
Fuller, who hold the rank of fellow,
an award granted in recognition of
work of high distinction.
Dr. Edward L. Ginzton, director of
the Stanford Microwave Laboratory,
has been elected a fellow and will
receive the award at the IRE's na
tional convention in March in New
York City.
At an organizational meeting last
Tuesday evening Professors J. M.
Pettit and O. G. Villard Jr., mem
bers of the Electrical Engineering
Department faculty, were named of
ficers in the newly established Palo
Alto sub-section of the Institute of
Radio Engineers.
The unit, an ofTshoot of the San
Francisco section of the Institute,
appointed Pettit and Villard as vice
chairman and secretary - treasurer
and W. Noel Eldred of Hewlett-
Packard Company, Palo Alto, as
chairman.
Other Stanford professors of
prominent position in the Institute
are Karl I?. Spangenberg and L. P.
Fuller, who hold the rank of fellow,
an award granted in recognition of
work of high distinction.
Dr. Edward L. Ginzton, director of
the Stanford Microwave Laboratory,
has been elected a fellow and will
receive the award at the IRE's na
tional convention in March in New
York City.
At an organizational meeting last
Tuesday evening Professors J. M.
Pettit and O. G. Villard Jr., mem
bers of the Electrical Engineering
Department faculty, were named of
ficers in the newly established Palo
Alto sub-section of the Institute of
Radio Engineers.
The unit, an ofTshoot of the San
Francisco section of the Institute,
appointed Pettit and Villard as vice
chairman and secretary - treasurer
and W. Noel Eldred of Hewlett-
Packard Company, Palo Alto, as
chairman.
Other Stanford professors of
prominent position in the Institute
are Karl I?. Spangenberg and L. P.
Fuller, who hold the rank of fellow,
an award granted in recognition of
work of high distinction.
Dr. Edward L. Ginzton, director of
the Stanford Microwave Laboratory,
has been elected a fellow and will
receive the award at the IRE's na
tional convention in March in New
York City.
At an organizational meeting last
Tuesday evening Professors J. M.
Pettit and O. G. Villard Jr., mem
bers of the Electrical Engineering
Department faculty, were named of
ficers in the newly established Palo
Alto sub-section of the Institute of
Radio Engineers.
The unit, an ofTshoot of the San
Francisco section of the Institute,
appointed Pettit and Villard as vice
chairman and secretary - treasurer
and W. Noel Eldred of Hewlett-
Packard Company, Palo Alto, as
chairman.
Other Stanford professors of
prominent position in the Institute
are Karl I?. Spangenberg and L. P.
Fuller, who hold the rank of fellow,
an award granted in recognition of
work of high distinction.
Dr. Edward L. Ginzton, director of
the Stanford Microwave Laboratory,
has been elected a fellow and will
receive the award at the IRE's na
tional convention in March in New
York City.
At an organizational meeting last
Tuesday evening Professors J. M.
Pettit and O. G. Villard Jr., mem
bers of the Electrical Engineering
Department faculty, were named of
ficers in the newly established Palo
Alto sub-section of the Institute of
Radio Engineers.
The unit, an ofTshoot of the San
Francisco section of the Institute,
appointed Pettit and Villard as vice
chairman and secretary - treasurer
and W. Noel Eldred of Hewlett-
Packard Company, Palo Alto, as
chairman.
Other Stanford professors of
prominent position in the Institute
are Karl I?. Spangenberg and L. P.
Fuller, who hold the rank of fellow,
an award granted in recognition of
work of high distinction.
Dr. Edward L. Ginzton, director of
the Stanford Microwave Laboratory,
has been elected a fellow and will
receive the award at the IRE's na
tional convention in March in New
York City.
At an organizational meeting last
Tuesday evening Professors J. M.
Pettit and O. G. Villard Jr., mem
bers of the Electrical Engineering
Department faculty, were named of
ficers in the newly established Palo
Alto sub-section of the Institute of
Radio Engineers.
The unit, an ofTshoot of the San
Francisco section of the Institute,
appointed Pettit and Villard as vice
chairman and secretary - treasurer
and W. Noel Eldred of Hewlett-
Packard Company, Palo Alto, as
chairman.
Other Stanford professors of
prominent position in the Institute
are Karl I?. Spangenberg and L. P.
Fuller, who hold the rank of fellow,
an award granted in recognition of
work of high distinction.
Dr. Edward L. Ginzton, director of
the Stanford Microwave Laboratory,
has been elected a fellow and will
receive the award at the IRE's na
tional convention in March in New
York City.
At an organizational meeting last
Tuesday evening Professors J. M.
Pettit and O. G. Villard Jr., mem
bers of the Electrical Engineering
Department faculty, were named of
ficers in the newly established Palo
Alto sub-section of the Institute of
Radio Engineers.
The unit, an ofTshoot of the San
Francisco section of the Institute,
appointed Pettit and Villard as vice
chairman and secretary - treasurer
and W. Noel Eldred of Hewlett-
Packard Company, Palo Alto, as
chairman.
Other Stanford professors of
prominent position in the Institute
are Karl I?. Spangenberg and L. P.
Fuller, who hold the rank of fellow,
an award granted in recognition of
work of high distinction.
Dr. Edward L. Ginzton, director of
the Stanford Microwave Laboratory,
has been elected a fellow and will
receive the award at the IRE's na
tional convention in March in New
York City.
