# ENGINEERING EXAM
## 
### 
An examination for Junior Struc
tural Engineering Draftsman will be
given March 31 by the State Per
sonnel Board. College seniors will
be admitted to the examination, but
must produce proo' of graduation
before they can be appointed to a
position.
More information may be obtained
from the State Personnel Board of
fice at 1015 L Street, Sacramento.
An examination for Junior Struc
tural Engineering Draftsman will be
given March 31 by the State Per
sonnel Board. College seniors will
be admitted to the examination, but
must produce proo' of graduation
before they can be appointed to a
position.
More information may be obtained
from the State Personnel Board of
fice at 1015 L Street, Sacramento.
An examination for Junior Struc
tural Engineering Draftsman will be
given March 31 by the State Per
sonnel Board. College seniors will
be admitted to the examination, but
must produce proo' of graduation
before they can be appointed to a
position.
More information may be obtained
from the State Personnel Board of
fice at 1015 L Street, Sacramento.
An examination for Junior Struc
tural Engineering Draftsman will be
given March 31 by the State Per
sonnel Board. College seniors will
be admitted to the examination, but
must produce proo' of graduation
before they can be appointed to a
position.
More information may be obtained
from the State Personnel Board of
fice at 1015 L Street, Sacramento.
An examination for Junior Struc
tural Engineering Draftsman will be
given March 31 by the State Per
sonnel Board. College seniors will
be admitted to the examination, but
must produce proo' of graduation
before they can be appointed to a
position.
More information may be obtained
from the State Personnel Board of
fice at 1015 L Street, Sacramento.
An examination for Junior Struc
tural Engineering Draftsman will be
given March 31 by the State Per
sonnel Board. College seniors will
be admitted to the examination, but
must produce proo' of graduation
before they can be appointed to a
position.
More information may be obtained
from the State Personnel Board of
fice at 1015 L Street, Sacramento.
An examination for Junior Struc
tural Engineering Draftsman will be
given March 31 by the State Per
sonnel Board. College seniors will
be admitted to the examination, but
must produce proo' of graduation
before they can be appointed to a
position.
More information may be obtained
from the State Personnel Board of
fice at 1015 L Street, Sacramento.
An examination for Junior Struc
tural Engineering Draftsman will be
given March 31 by the State Per
sonnel Board. College seniors will
be admitted to the examination, but
must produce proo' of graduation
before they can be appointed to a
position.
More information may be obtained
from the State Personnel Board of
fice at 1015 L Street, Sacramento.
An examination for Junior Struc
tural Engineering Draftsman will be
given March 31 by the State Per
sonnel Board. College seniors will
be admitted to the examination, but
must produce proo' of graduation
before they can be appointed to a
position.
More information may be obtained
from the State Personnel Board of
fice at 1015 L Street, Sacramento.
An examination for Junior Struc
tural Engineering Draftsman will be
given March 31 by the State Per
sonnel Board. College seniors will
be admitted to the examination, but
must produce proo' of graduation
before they can be appointed to a
position.
More information may be obtained
from the State Personnel Board of
fice at 1015 L Street, Sacramento.
An examination for Junior Struc
tural Engineering Draftsman will be
given March 31 by the State Per
sonnel Board. College seniors will
be admitted to the examination, but
must produce proo' of graduation
before they can be appointed to a
position.
More information may be obtained
from the State Personnel Board of
fice at 1015 L Street, Sacramento.
An examination for Junior Struc
tural Engineering Draftsman will be
given March 31 by the State Per
sonnel Board. College seniors will
be admitted to the examination, but
must produce proo' of graduation
before they can be appointed to a
position.
More information may be obtained
from the State Personnel Board of
fice at 1015 L Street, Sacramento.
An examination for Junior Struc
tural Engineering Draftsman will be
given March 31 by the State Per
sonnel Board. College seniors will
be admitted to the examination, but
must produce proo' of graduation
before they can be appointed to a
position.
More information may be obtained
from the State Personnel Board of
fice at 1015 L Street, Sacramento.
An examination for Junior Struc
tural Engineering Draftsman will be
given March 31 by the State Per
sonnel Board. College seniors will
be admitted to the examination, but
must produce proo' of graduation
before they can be appointed to a
position.
More information may be obtained
from the State Personnel Board of
fice at 1015 L Street, Sacramento.
An examination for Junior Struc
tural Engineering Draftsman will be
given March 31 by the State Per
sonnel Board. College seniors will
be admitted to the examination, but
must produce proo' of graduation
before they can be appointed to a
position.
More information may be obtained
from the State Personnel Board of
fice at 1015 L Street, Sacramento.
