# Associate Justice Talks to Trustees
## 
### 
Associate Justice Homer Spence of
the California Supreme Court, new
ly elected member of the Board of
Trustees, was the principal speaker
at the annual Stanford Conference
in Sacramento Saturday.
Other speakers were Anatole Ma
zour, C. Langdon White, George
Knoles, and H. Donald Winbigler.
The confernce was at the Univer
sity Club, where alums met to hear
the speakers.
Associate Justice Homer Spence of
the California Supreme Court, new
ly elected member of the Board of
Trustees, was the principal speaker
at the annual Stanford Conference
in Sacramento Saturday.
Other speakers were Anatole Ma
zour, C. Langdon White, George
Knoles, and H. Donald Winbigler.
The confernce was at the Univer
sity Club, where alums met to hear
the speakers.
Associate Justice Homer Spence of
the California Supreme Court, new
ly elected member of the Board of
Trustees, was the principal speaker
at the annual Stanford Conference
in Sacramento Saturday.
Other speakers were Anatole Ma
zour, C. Langdon White, George
Knoles, and H. Donald Winbigler.
The confernce was at the Univer
sity Club, where alums met to hear
the speakers.
Associate Justice Homer Spence of
the California Supreme Court, new
ly elected member of the Board of
Trustees, was the principal speaker
at the annual Stanford Conference
in Sacramento Saturday.
Other speakers were Anatole Ma
zour, C. Langdon White, George
Knoles, and H. Donald Winbigler.
The confernce was at the Univer
sity Club, where alums met to hear
the speakers.
Associate Justice Homer Spence of
the California Supreme Court, new
ly elected member of the Board of
Trustees, was the principal speaker
at the annual Stanford Conference
in Sacramento Saturday.
Other speakers were Anatole Ma
zour, C. Langdon White, George
Knoles, and H. Donald Winbigler.
The confernce was at the Univer
sity Club, where alums met to hear
the speakers.
Associate Justice Homer Spence of
the California Supreme Court, new
ly elected member of the Board of
Trustees, was the principal speaker
at the annual Stanford Conference
in Sacramento Saturday.
Other speakers were Anatole Ma
zour, C. Langdon White, George
Knoles, and H. Donald Winbigler.
The confernce was at the Univer
sity Club, where alums met to hear
the speakers.
Associate Justice Homer Spence of
the California Supreme Court, new
ly elected member of the Board of
Trustees, was the principal speaker
at the annual Stanford Conference
in Sacramento Saturday.
Other speakers were Anatole Ma
zour, C. Langdon White, George
Knoles, and H. Donald Winbigler.
The confernce was at the Univer
sity Club, where alums met to hear
the speakers.
Associate Justice Homer Spence of
the California Supreme Court, new
ly elected member of the Board of
Trustees, was the principal speaker
at the annual Stanford Conference
in Sacramento Saturday.
Other speakers were Anatole Ma
zour, C. Langdon White, George
Knoles, and H. Donald Winbigler.
The confernce was at the Univer
sity Club, where alums met to hear
the speakers.
Associate Justice Homer Spence of
the California Supreme Court, new
ly elected member of the Board of
Trustees, was the principal speaker
at the annual Stanford Conference
in Sacramento Saturday.
Other speakers were Anatole Ma
zour, C. Langdon White, George
Knoles, and H. Donald Winbigler.
The confernce was at the Univer
sity Club, where alums met to hear
the speakers.
Associate Justice Homer Spence of
the California Supreme Court, new
ly elected member of the Board of
Trustees, was the principal speaker
at the annual Stanford Conference
in Sacramento Saturday.
Other speakers were Anatole Ma
zour, C. Langdon White, George
Knoles, and H. Donald Winbigler.
The confernce was at the Univer
sity Club, where alums met to hear
the speakers.
Associate Justice Homer Spence of
the California Supreme Court, new
ly elected member of the Board of
Trustees, was the principal speaker
at the annual Stanford Conference
in Sacramento Saturday.
Other speakers were Anatole Ma
zour, C. Langdon White, George
Knoles, and H. Donald Winbigler.
The confernce was at the Univer
sity Club, where alums met to hear
the speakers.
Associate Justice Homer Spence of
the California Supreme Court, new
ly elected member of the Board of
Trustees, was the principal speaker
at the annual Stanford Conference
in Sacramento Saturday.
Other speakers were Anatole Ma
zour, C. Langdon White, George
Knoles, and H. Donald Winbigler.
The confernce was at the Univer
sity Club, where alums met to hear
the speakers.
Associate Justice Homer Spence of
the California Supreme Court, new
ly elected member of the Board of
Trustees, was the principal speaker
at the annual Stanford Conference
in Sacramento Saturday.
Other speakers were Anatole Ma
zour, C. Langdon White, George
Knoles, and H. Donald Winbigler.
The confernce was at the Univer
sity Club, where alums met to hear
the speakers.
Associate Justice Homer Spence of
the California Supreme Court, new
ly elected member of the Board of
Trustees, was the principal speaker
at the annual Stanford Conference
in Sacramento Saturday.
Other speakers were Anatole Ma
zour, C. Langdon White, George
Knoles, and H. Donald Winbigler.
The confernce was at the Univer
sity Club, where alums met to hear
the speakers.
Associate Justice Homer Spence of
the California Supreme Court, new
ly elected member of the Board of
Trustees, was the principal speaker
at the annual Stanford Conference
in Sacramento Saturday.
Other speakers were Anatole Ma
zour, C. Langdon White, George
Knoles, and H. Donald Winbigler.
The confernce was at the Univer
sity Club, where alums met to hear
the speakers.
