# DISTRIBUTION OF BIG GAME TICKETS WILL BE CONTINUED TODAY
## 
### 
Big Game tickets will be distributed
again today at the Board of Athletic
Control office in the Old Union, between
8:30 a.m. and 6 p.m. Before the tickets
can be called for by students, a postcard
must be received by the applicants, which
will bear a number and instructions for
applying for the tickets. Approximately
half the cards were sent out yesterday,
and half the tickets were given out then.
Distribution of the second half is ex
pected to be completed today.
Tickets cannot be obtained without the
postcard accompanied by a student body
card. The last of the cards should be in
the mail today.
Big Game tickets will be distributed
again today at the Board of Athletic
Control office in the Old Union, between
8:30 a.m. and 6 p.m. Before the tickets
can be called for by students, a postcard
must be received by the applicants, which
will bear a number and instructions for
applying for the tickets. Approximately
half the cards were sent out yesterday,
and half the tickets were given out then.
Distribution of the second half is ex
pected to be completed today.
Tickets cannot be obtained without the
postcard accompanied by a student body
card. The last of the cards should be in
the mail today.
Big Game tickets will be distributed
again today at the Board of Athletic
Control office in the Old Union, between
8:30 a.m. and 6 p.m. Before the tickets
can be called for by students, a postcard
must be received by the applicants, which
will bear a number and instructions for
applying for the tickets. Approximately
half the cards were sent out yesterday,
and half the tickets were given out then.
Distribution of the second half is ex
pected to be completed today.
Tickets cannot be obtained without the
postcard accompanied by a student body
card. The last of the cards should be in
the mail today.
Big Game tickets will be distributed
again today at the Board of Athletic
Control office in the Old Union, between
8:30 a.m. and 6 p.m. Before the tickets
can be called for by students, a postcard
must be received by the applicants, which
will bear a number and instructions for
applying for the tickets. Approximately
half the cards were sent out yesterday,
and half the tickets were given out then.
Distribution of the second half is ex
pected to be completed today.
Tickets cannot be obtained without the
postcard accompanied by a student body
card. The last of the cards should be in
the mail today.
Big Game tickets will be distributed
again today at the Board of Athletic
Control office in the Old Union, between
8:30 a.m. and 6 p.m. Before the tickets
can be called for by students, a postcard
must be received by the applicants, which
will bear a number and instructions for
applying for the tickets. Approximately
half the cards were sent out yesterday,
and half the tickets were given out then.
Distribution of the second half is ex
pected to be completed today.
Tickets cannot be obtained without the
postcard accompanied by a student body
card. The last of the cards should be in
the mail today.
Big Game tickets will be distributed
again today at the Board of Athletic
Control office in the Old Union, between
8:30 a.m. and 6 p.m. Before the tickets
can be called for by students, a postcard
must be received by the applicants, which
will bear a number and instructions for
applying for the tickets. Approximately
half the cards were sent out yesterday,
and half the tickets were given out then.
Distribution of the second half is ex
pected to be completed today.
Tickets cannot be obtained without the
postcard accompanied by a student body
card. The last of the cards should be in
the mail today.
Big Game tickets will be distributed
again today at the Board of Athletic
Control office in the Old Union, between
8:30 a.m. and 6 p.m. Before the tickets
can be called for by students, a postcard
must be received by the applicants, which
will bear a number and instructions for
applying for the tickets. Approximately
half the cards were sent out yesterday,
and half the tickets were given out then.
Distribution of the second half is ex
pected to be completed today.
Tickets cannot be obtained without the
postcard accompanied by a student body
card. The last of the cards should be in
the mail today.
Big Game tickets will be distributed
again today at the Board of Athletic
Control office in the Old Union, between
8:30 a.m. and 6 p.m. Before the tickets
can be called for by students, a postcard
must be received by the applicants, which
will bear a number and instructions for
applying for the tickets. Approximately
half the cards were sent out yesterday,
and half the tickets were given out then.
Distribution of the second half is ex
pected to be completed today.
Tickets cannot be obtained without the
postcard accompanied by a student body
card. The last of the cards should be in
the mail today.
Big Game tickets will be distributed
again today at the Board of Athletic
Control office in the Old Union, between
8:30 a.m. and 6 p.m. Before the tickets
can be called for by students, a postcard
must be received by the applicants, which
will bear a number and instructions for
applying for the tickets. Approximately
half the cards were sent out yesterday,
and half the tickets were given out then.
Distribution of the second half is ex
pected to be completed today.
Tickets cannot be obtained without the
postcard accompanied by a student body
card. The last of the cards should be in
the mail today.
Big Game tickets will be distributed
again today at the Board of Athletic
Control office in the Old Union, between
8:30 a.m. and 6 p.m. Before the tickets
can be called for by students, a postcard
must be received by the applicants, which
will bear a number and instructions for
applying for the tickets. Approximately
half the cards were sent out yesterday,
and half the tickets were given out then.
Distribution of the second half is ex
pected to be completed today.
Tickets cannot be obtained without the
postcard accompanied by a student body
card. The last of the cards should be in
the mail today.
Big Game tickets will be distributed
again today at the Board of Athletic
Control office in the Old Union, between
8:30 a.m. and 6 p.m. Before the tickets
can be called for by students, a postcard
must be received by the applicants, which
will bear a number and instructions for
applying for the tickets. Approximately
half the cards were sent out yesterday,
and half the tickets were given out then.
Distribution of the second half is ex
pected to be completed today.
Tickets cannot be obtained without the
postcard accompanied by a student body
card. The last of the cards should be in
the mail today.
Big Game tickets will be distributed
again today at the Board of Athletic
Control office in the Old Union, between
8:30 a.m. and 6 p.m. Before the tickets
can be called for by students, a postcard
must be received by the applicants, which
will bear a number and instructions for
applying for the tickets. Approximately
half the cards were sent out yesterday,
and half the tickets were given out then.
Distribution of the second half is ex
pected to be completed today.
Tickets cannot be obtained without the
postcard accompanied by a student body
card. The last of the cards should be in
the mail today.
Big Game tickets will be distributed
again today at the Board of Athletic
Control office in the Old Union, between
8:30 a.m. and 6 p.m. Before the tickets
can be called for by students, a postcard
must be received by the applicants, which
will bear a number and instructions for
applying for the tickets. Approximately
half the cards were sent out yesterday,
and half the tickets were given out then.
Distribution of the second half is ex
pected to be completed today.
Tickets cannot be obtained without the
postcard accompanied by a student body
card. The last of the cards should be in
the mail today.
Big Game tickets will be distributed
again today at the Board of Athletic
Control office in the Old Union, between
8:30 a.m. and 6 p.m. Before the tickets
can be called for by students, a postcard
must be received by the applicants, which
will bear a number and instructions for
applying for the tickets. Approximately
half the cards were sent out yesterday,
and half the tickets were given out then.
Distribution of the second half is ex
pected to be completed today.
Tickets cannot be obtained without the
postcard accompanied by a student body
card. The last of the cards should be in
the mail today.
Big Game tickets will be distributed
again today at the Board of Athletic
Control office in the Old Union, between
8:30 a.m. and 6 p.m. Before the tickets
can be called for by students, a postcard
must be received by the applicants, which
will bear a number and instructions for
applying for the tickets. Approximately
half the cards were sent out yesterday,
and half the tickets were given out then.
Distribution of the second half is ex
pected to be completed today.
Tickets cannot be obtained without the
postcard accompanied by a student body
card. The last of the cards should be in
the mail today.
