# Hammer and Coffin Holds Meeting at A.T.O. House
## 
### 
Members of Hammer and Coffin,
| honorary publishing society of the
Stanford Chaparral, held a meeting
last night at the Alpha Tau Omega
house to discuss plans for the remain
der of the year. The possibility of
holding a national convention of the
society on the campus some time in
the winter quarter was considered.
The society will give a banquet in
San Francisco on December 1, and
plans to give a dance early next quar
ter.
Members of Hammer and Coffin,
| honorary publishing society of the
Stanford Chaparral, held a meeting
last night at the Alpha Tau Omega
house to discuss plans for the remain
der of the year. The possibility of
holding a national convention of the
society on the campus some time in
the winter quarter was considered.
The society will give a banquet in
San Francisco on December 1, and
plans to give a dance early next quar
ter.
Members of Hammer and Coffin,
| honorary publishing society of the
Stanford Chaparral, held a meeting
last night at the Alpha Tau Omega
house to discuss plans for the remain
der of the year. The possibility of
holding a national convention of the
society on the campus some time in
the winter quarter was considered.
The society will give a banquet in
San Francisco on December 1, and
plans to give a dance early next quar
ter.
Members of Hammer and Coffin,
| honorary publishing society of the
Stanford Chaparral, held a meeting
last night at the Alpha Tau Omega
house to discuss plans for the remain
der of the year. The possibility of
holding a national convention of the
society on the campus some time in
the winter quarter was considered.
The society will give a banquet in
San Francisco on December 1, and
plans to give a dance early next quar
ter.
Members of Hammer and Coffin,
| honorary publishing society of the
Stanford Chaparral, held a meeting
last night at the Alpha Tau Omega
house to discuss plans for the remain
der of the year. The possibility of
holding a national convention of the
society on the campus some time in
the winter quarter was considered.
The society will give a banquet in
San Francisco on December 1, and
plans to give a dance early next quar
ter.
Members of Hammer and Coffin,
| honorary publishing society of the
Stanford Chaparral, held a meeting
last night at the Alpha Tau Omega
house to discuss plans for the remain
der of the year. The possibility of
holding a national convention of the
society on the campus some time in
the winter quarter was considered.
The society will give a banquet in
San Francisco on December 1, and
plans to give a dance early next quar
ter.
Members of Hammer and Coffin,
| honorary publishing society of the
Stanford Chaparral, held a meeting
last night at the Alpha Tau Omega
house to discuss plans for the remain
der of the year. The possibility of
holding a national convention of the
society on the campus some time in
the winter quarter was considered.
The society will give a banquet in
San Francisco on December 1, and
plans to give a dance early next quar
ter.
Members of Hammer and Coffin,
| honorary publishing society of the
Stanford Chaparral, held a meeting
last night at the Alpha Tau Omega
house to discuss plans for the remain
der of the year. The possibility of
holding a national convention of the
society on the campus some time in
the winter quarter was considered.
The society will give a banquet in
San Francisco on December 1, and
plans to give a dance early next quar
ter.
Members of Hammer and Coffin,
| honorary publishing society of the
Stanford Chaparral, held a meeting
last night at the Alpha Tau Omega
house to discuss plans for the remain
der of the year. The possibility of
holding a national convention of the
society on the campus some time in
the winter quarter was considered.
The society will give a banquet in
San Francisco on December 1, and
plans to give a dance early next quar
ter.
Members of Hammer and Coffin,
| honorary publishing society of the
Stanford Chaparral, held a meeting
last night at the Alpha Tau Omega
house to discuss plans for the remain
der of the year. The possibility of
holding a national convention of the
society on the campus some time in
the winter quarter was considered.
The society will give a banquet in
San Francisco on December 1, and
plans to give a dance early next quar
ter.
Members of Hammer and Coffin,
| honorary publishing society of the
Stanford Chaparral, held a meeting
last night at the Alpha Tau Omega
house to discuss plans for the remain
der of the year. The possibility of
holding a national convention of the
society on the campus some time in
the winter quarter was considered.
The society will give a banquet in
San Francisco on December 1, and
plans to give a dance early next quar
ter.
Members of Hammer and Coffin,
| honorary publishing society of the
Stanford Chaparral, held a meeting
last night at the Alpha Tau Omega
house to discuss plans for the remain
der of the year. The possibility of
holding a national convention of the
society on the campus some time in
the winter quarter was considered.
The society will give a banquet in
San Francisco on December 1, and
plans to give a dance early next quar
ter.
Members of Hammer and Coffin,
| honorary publishing society of the
Stanford Chaparral, held a meeting
last night at the Alpha Tau Omega
house to discuss plans for the remain
der of the year. The possibility of
holding a national convention of the
society on the campus some time in
the winter quarter was considered.
The society will give a banquet in
San Francisco on December 1, and
plans to give a dance early next quar
ter.
Members of Hammer and Coffin,
| honorary publishing society of the
Stanford Chaparral, held a meeting
last night at the Alpha Tau Omega
house to discuss plans for the remain
der of the year. The possibility of
holding a national convention of the
society on the campus some time in
the winter quarter was considered.
The society will give a banquet in
San Francisco on December 1, and
plans to give a dance early next quar
ter.
Members of Hammer and Coffin,
| honorary publishing society of the
Stanford Chaparral, held a meeting
last night at the Alpha Tau Omega
house to discuss plans for the remain
der of the year. The possibility of
holding a national convention of the
society on the campus some time in
the winter quarter was considered.
The society will give a banquet in
San Francisco on December 1, and
plans to give a dance early next quar
ter.
