# Untitled Article
## 
### 
At the meeting of the student
body that will be held next week a
new constitution for the Students'
Guild will he voted upon by the
Associated Students, and a pro
posed change in the constitution
of the student body in regard to
the publication of the Sequoia will
also be left for final decision to the
student body. Both changes have
received the approval of the Ex
ecutive Committee, although the
constitution of the Guild as origi
nally published in the Daily Palo
Alto has been modified in some of
its essentials in conformance with
recommendations of the Executive
Committee. The approval of this
committee is in itself no incon
siderable recommendation to the
student body of the advisability of
acting favorably upon the proposed
changes. —In regard to the change
in the Sequoia, the board of the
paper stands as a unit in favor of
the innovation. With no material
handicap upon the finances of the
paper, the editorial work will be
placed under greater advantages.
Certainly those who have had
practical experience in meeting the
problems incident to editing the
Sequoia are best qualified to judge
of the conditions under which the
paper can be best issued. —As to!
the Guild constitution, there ap
pears to be much in favor of its
acceptance. The old constitution
is entirely inadequate for an or
ganization which has grown as
rapidly as the Guild, and as the
features which aroused hostile
...
criticism in the constitution as
originally proposed have been so
modified as to be generally accept
able, there is every reason that the
student body should accept the new
document. It is to be hoped that
every member of the student body
will look into the changes, so that
he will be prepared to cast an in-:
telligent vote next week.
