# Pathology Course Will Be Offered
## 
### 
Students interested in social work
as a profession will bo offered the
opportunity to participate in a sem
inar in Social Pathology and Social
Work, for 3 units spring quarter.
The new course is under the su
pervision of the Division of Sociol
ogy in the Department of Econom
ies. It will lx< open to men and wom
en and will be conducted by a prac
tical worker in the field who has
been appointed to give this course.
The class will bo held one evening a
week, by personal arrangement with
the instructor. Some field work will
be included.
Pre-registration is necessary since
a limited number can be accommo
dated. Seniors or graduate .students
are asked to make application for
the course at the Dean of Women's
office between March 1 and March
10.
Students interested in social work
as a profession will bo offered the
opportunity to participate in a sem
inar in Social Pathology and Social
Work, for 3 units spring quarter.
The new course is under the su
pervision of the Division of Sociol
ogy in the Department of Econom
ies. It will lx< open to men and wom
en and will be conducted by a prac
tical worker in the field who has
been appointed to give this course.
The class will bo held one evening a
week, by personal arrangement with
the instructor. Some field work will
be included.
Pre-registration is necessary since
a limited number can be accommo
dated. Seniors or graduate .students
are asked to make application for
the course at the Dean of Women's
office between March 1 and March
10.
Students interested in social work
as a profession will bo offered the
opportunity to participate in a sem
inar in Social Pathology and Social
Work, for 3 units spring quarter.
The new course is under the su
pervision of the Division of Sociol
ogy in the Department of Econom
ies. It will lx< open to men and wom
en and will be conducted by a prac
tical worker in the field who has
been appointed to give this course.
The class will bo held one evening a
week, by personal arrangement with
the instructor. Some field work will
be included.
Pre-registration is necessary since
a limited number can be accommo
dated. Seniors or graduate .students
are asked to make application for
the course at the Dean of Women's
office between March 1 and March
10.
Students interested in social work
as a profession will bo offered the
opportunity to participate in a sem
inar in Social Pathology and Social
Work, for 3 units spring quarter.
The new course is under the su
pervision of the Division of Sociol
ogy in the Department of Econom
ies. It will lx< open to men and wom
en and will be conducted by a prac
tical worker in the field who has
been appointed to give this course.
The class will bo held one evening a
week, by personal arrangement with
the instructor. Some field work will
be included.
Pre-registration is necessary since
a limited number can be accommo
dated. Seniors or graduate .students
are asked to make application for
the course at the Dean of Women's
office between March 1 and March
10.
Students interested in social work
as a profession will bo offered the
opportunity to participate in a sem
inar in Social Pathology and Social
Work, for 3 units spring quarter.
The new course is under the su
pervision of the Division of Sociol
ogy in the Department of Econom
ies. It will lx< open to men and wom
en and will be conducted by a prac
tical worker in the field who has
been appointed to give this course.
The class will bo held one evening a
week, by personal arrangement with
the instructor. Some field work will
be included.
Pre-registration is necessary since
a limited number can be accommo
dated. Seniors or graduate .students
are asked to make application for
the course at the Dean of Women's
office between March 1 and March
10.
Students interested in social work
as a profession will bo offered the
opportunity to participate in a sem
inar in Social Pathology and Social
Work, for 3 units spring quarter.
The new course is under the su
pervision of the Division of Sociol
ogy in the Department of Econom
ies. It will lx< open to men and wom
en and will be conducted by a prac
tical worker in the field who has
been appointed to give this course.
The class will bo held one evening a
week, by personal arrangement with
the instructor. Some field work will
be included.
Pre-registration is necessary since
a limited number can be accommo
dated. Seniors or graduate .students
are asked to make application for
the course at the Dean of Women's
office between March 1 and March
10.
Students interested in social work
as a profession will bo offered the
opportunity to participate in a sem
inar in Social Pathology and Social
Work, for 3 units spring quarter.
The new course is under the su
pervision of the Division of Sociol
ogy in the Department of Econom
ies. It will lx< open to men and wom
en and will be conducted by a prac
tical worker in the field who has
been appointed to give this course.
The class will bo held one evening a
week, by personal arrangement with
the instructor. Some field work will
be included.
Pre-registration is necessary since
a limited number can be accommo
dated. Seniors or graduate .students
are asked to make application for
the course at the Dean of Women's
office between March 1 and March
10.
Students interested in social work
as a profession will bo offered the
opportunity to participate in a sem
inar in Social Pathology and Social
Work, for 3 units spring quarter.
The new course is under the su
pervision of the Division of Sociol
ogy in the Department of Econom
ies. It will lx< open to men and wom
en and will be conducted by a prac
tical worker in the field who has
been appointed to give this course.
The class will bo held one evening a
week, by personal arrangement with
the instructor. Some field work will
be included.
Pre-registration is necessary since
a limited number can be accommo
dated. Seniors or graduate .students
are asked to make application for
the course at the Dean of Women's
office between March 1 and March
10.
Students interested in social work
as a profession will bo offered the
opportunity to participate in a sem
inar in Social Pathology and Social
Work, for 3 units spring quarter.
The new course is under the su
pervision of the Division of Sociol
ogy in the Department of Econom
ies. It will lx< open to men and wom
en and will be conducted by a prac
tical worker in the field who has
been appointed to give this course.
The class will bo held one evening a
week, by personal arrangement with
the instructor. Some field work will
be included.
Pre-registration is necessary since
a limited number can be accommo
dated. Seniors or graduate .students
are asked to make application for
the course at the Dean of Women's
office between March 1 and March
10.
Students interested in social work
as a profession will bo offered the
opportunity to participate in a sem
inar in Social Pathology and Social
Work, for 3 units spring quarter.
The new course is under the su
pervision of the Division of Sociol
ogy in the Department of Econom
ies. It will lx< open to men and wom
en and will be conducted by a prac
tical worker in the field who has
been appointed to give this course.
The class will bo held one evening a
week, by personal arrangement with
the instructor. Some field work will
be included.
Pre-registration is necessary since
a limited number can be accommo
dated. Seniors or graduate .students
are asked to make application for
the course at the Dean of Women's
office between March 1 and March
10.
Students interested in social work
as a profession will bo offered the
opportunity to participate in a sem
inar in Social Pathology and Social
Work, for 3 units spring quarter.
The new course is under the su
pervision of the Division of Sociol
ogy in the Department of Econom
ies. It will lx< open to men and wom
en and will be conducted by a prac
tical worker in the field who has
been appointed to give this course.
The class will bo held one evening a
week, by personal arrangement with
the instructor. Some field work will
be included.
Pre-registration is necessary since
a limited number can be accommo
dated. Seniors or graduate .students
are asked to make application for
the course at the Dean of Women's
office between March 1 and March
10.
Students interested in social work
as a profession will bo offered the
opportunity to participate in a sem
inar in Social Pathology and Social
Work, for 3 units spring quarter.
The new course is under the su
pervision of the Division of Sociol
ogy in the Department of Econom
ies. It will lx< open to men and wom
en and will be conducted by a prac
tical worker in the field who has
been appointed to give this course.
The class will bo held one evening a
week, by personal arrangement with
the instructor. Some field work will
be included.
Pre-registration is necessary since
a limited number can be accommo
dated. Seniors or graduate .students
are asked to make application for
the course at the Dean of Women's
office between March 1 and March
10.
Students interested in social work
as a profession will bo offered the
opportunity to participate in a sem
inar in Social Pathology and Social
Work, for 3 units spring quarter.
The new course is under the su
pervision of the Division of Sociol
ogy in the Department of Econom
ies. It will lx< open to men and wom
en and will be conducted by a prac
tical worker in the field who has
been appointed to give this course.
The class will bo held one evening a
week, by personal arrangement with
the instructor. Some field work will
be included.
Pre-registration is necessary since
a limited number can be accommo
dated. Seniors or graduate .students
are asked to make application for
the course at the Dean of Women's
office between March 1 and March
10.
Students interested in social work
as a profession will bo offered the
opportunity to participate in a sem
inar in Social Pathology and Social
Work, for 3 units spring quarter.
The new course is under the su
pervision of the Division of Sociol
ogy in the Department of Econom
ies. It will lx< open to men and wom
en and will be conducted by a prac
tical worker in the field who has
been appointed to give this course.
The class will bo held one evening a
week, by personal arrangement with
the instructor. Some field work will
be included.
Pre-registration is necessary since
a limited number can be accommo
dated. Seniors or graduate .students
are asked to make application for
the course at the Dean of Women's
office between March 1 and March
10.
Students interested in social work
as a profession will bo offered the
opportunity to participate in a sem
inar in Social Pathology and Social
Work, for 3 units spring quarter.
The new course is under the su
pervision of the Division of Sociol
ogy in the Department of Econom
ies. It will lx< open to men and wom
en and will be conducted by a prac
tical worker in the field who has
been appointed to give this course.
The class will bo held one evening a
week, by personal arrangement with
the instructor. Some field work will
be included.
Pre-registration is necessary since
a limited number can be accommo
dated. Seniors or graduate .students
are asked to make application for
the course at the Dean of Women's
office between March 1 and March
10.
Students interested in social work
as a profession will bo offered the
opportunity to participate in a sem
inar in Social Pathology and Social
Work, for 3 units spring quarter.
The new course is under the su
pervision of the Division of Sociol
ogy in the Department of Econom
ies. It will lx< open to men and wom
en and will be conducted by a prac
tical worker in the field who has
been appointed to give this course.
The class will bo held one evening a
week, by personal arrangement with
the instructor. Some field work will
be included.
Pre-registration is necessary since
a limited number can be accommo
dated. Seniors or graduate .students
are asked to make application for
the course at the Dean of Women's
office between March 1 and March
10.
