# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
BUYING
POWER
iSA Lb
1 ■
in the
.! • > 15
Men's Shop
Sexton Athletic Underwear, full
cut, cool materials. One lot
soisettes,9sc. Another lot, $1.95
Silk striped madras, soisettes in
plain and stripes.
BUYING
POWER
iSA Lb
1 ■
in the
.! • > 15
Men's Shop
Sexton Athletic Underwear, full
cut, cool materials. One lot
soisettes,9sc. Another lot, $1.95
Silk striped madras, soisettes in
plain and stripes.
BUYING
POWER
iSA Lb
1 ■
in the
.! • > 15
Men's Shop
Sexton Athletic Underwear, full
cut, cool materials. One lot
soisettes,9sc. Another lot, $1.95
Silk striped madras, soisettes in
plain and stripes.
BUYING
POWER
iSA Lb
1 ■
in the
.! • > 15
Men's Shop
Sexton Athletic Underwear, full
cut, cool materials. One lot
soisettes,9sc. Another lot, $1.95
Silk striped madras, soisettes in
plain and stripes.
BUYING
POWER
iSA Lb
1 ■
in the
.! • > 15
Men's Shop
Sexton Athletic Underwear, full
cut, cool materials. One lot
soisettes,9sc. Another lot, $1.95
Silk striped madras, soisettes in
plain and stripes.
BUYING
POWER
iSA Lb
1 ■
in the
.! • > 15
Men's Shop
Sexton Athletic Underwear, full
cut, cool materials. One lot
soisettes,9sc. Another lot, $1.95
Silk striped madras, soisettes in
plain and stripes.
BUYING
POWER
iSA Lb
1 ■
in the
.! • > 15
Men's Shop
Sexton Athletic Underwear, full
cut, cool materials. One lot
soisettes,9sc. Another lot, $1.95
Silk striped madras, soisettes in
plain and stripes.
BUYING
POWER
iSA Lb
1 ■
in the
.! • > 15
Men's Shop
Sexton Athletic Underwear, full
cut, cool materials. One lot
soisettes,9sc. Another lot, $1.95
Silk striped madras, soisettes in
plain and stripes.
BUYING
POWER
iSA Lb
1 ■
in the
.! • > 15
Men's Shop
Sexton Athletic Underwear, full
cut, cool materials. One lot
soisettes,9sc. Another lot, $1.95
Silk striped madras, soisettes in
plain and stripes.
BUYING
POWER
iSA Lb
1 ■
in the
.! • > 15
Men's Shop
Sexton Athletic Underwear, full
cut, cool materials. One lot
soisettes,9sc. Another lot, $1.95
Silk striped madras, soisettes in
plain and stripes.
BUYING
POWER
iSA Lb
1 ■
in the
.! • > 15
Men's Shop
Sexton Athletic Underwear, full
cut, cool materials. One lot
soisettes,9sc. Another lot, $1.95
Silk striped madras, soisettes in
plain and stripes.
BUYING
POWER
iSA Lb
1 ■
in the
.! • > 15
Men's Shop
Sexton Athletic Underwear, full
cut, cool materials. One lot
soisettes,9sc. Another lot, $1.95
Silk striped madras, soisettes in
plain and stripes.
BUYING
POWER
iSA Lb
1 ■
in the
.! • > 15
Men's Shop
Sexton Athletic Underwear, full
cut, cool materials. One lot
soisettes,9sc. Another lot, $1.95
Silk striped madras, soisettes in
plain and stripes.
