# VOCATIONAL STUDENTS TO PLAN BIG OUTING
## 
### 
E. H. Ayres, president of the Asso
ciated Federal Students, will present ex
tensive plans at the next meeting of the
organization, next Wednesday, July 20,
for a midsummer celebration.
The meeting is called especially to*
consider this proposed outing, and ac
cording to Ayres, is "tres importante."
He asks all buddies to "snap into it"
and "answer to muster" in the Union at
7:30.
E. H. Ayres, president of the Asso
ciated Federal Students, will present ex
tensive plans at the next meeting of the
organization, next Wednesday, July 20,
for a midsummer celebration.
The meeting is called especially to*
consider this proposed outing, and ac
cording to Ayres, is "tres importante."
He asks all buddies to "snap into it"
and "answer to muster" in the Union at
7:30.
E. H. Ayres, president of the Asso
ciated Federal Students, will present ex
tensive plans at the next meeting of the
organization, next Wednesday, July 20,
for a midsummer celebration.
The meeting is called especially to*
consider this proposed outing, and ac
cording to Ayres, is "tres importante."
He asks all buddies to "snap into it"
and "answer to muster" in the Union at
7:30.
E. H. Ayres, president of the Asso
ciated Federal Students, will present ex
tensive plans at the next meeting of the
organization, next Wednesday, July 20,
for a midsummer celebration.
The meeting is called especially to*
consider this proposed outing, and ac
cording to Ayres, is "tres importante."
He asks all buddies to "snap into it"
and "answer to muster" in the Union at
7:30.
E. H. Ayres, president of the Asso
ciated Federal Students, will present ex
tensive plans at the next meeting of the
organization, next Wednesday, July 20,
for a midsummer celebration.
The meeting is called especially to*
consider this proposed outing, and ac
cording to Ayres, is "tres importante."
He asks all buddies to "snap into it"
and "answer to muster" in the Union at
7:30.
E. H. Ayres, president of the Asso
ciated Federal Students, will present ex
tensive plans at the next meeting of the
organization, next Wednesday, July 20,
for a midsummer celebration.
The meeting is called especially to*
consider this proposed outing, and ac
cording to Ayres, is "tres importante."
He asks all buddies to "snap into it"
and "answer to muster" in the Union at
7:30.
E. H. Ayres, president of the Asso
ciated Federal Students, will present ex
tensive plans at the next meeting of the
organization, next Wednesday, July 20,
for a midsummer celebration.
The meeting is called especially to*
consider this proposed outing, and ac
cording to Ayres, is "tres importante."
He asks all buddies to "snap into it"
and "answer to muster" in the Union at
7:30.
E. H. Ayres, president of the Asso
ciated Federal Students, will present ex
tensive plans at the next meeting of the
organization, next Wednesday, July 20,
for a midsummer celebration.
The meeting is called especially to*
consider this proposed outing, and ac
cording to Ayres, is "tres importante."
He asks all buddies to "snap into it"
and "answer to muster" in the Union at
7:30.
E. H. Ayres, president of the Asso
ciated Federal Students, will present ex
tensive plans at the next meeting of the
organization, next Wednesday, July 20,
for a midsummer celebration.
The meeting is called especially to*
consider this proposed outing, and ac
cording to Ayres, is "tres importante."
He asks all buddies to "snap into it"
and "answer to muster" in the Union at
7:30.
E. H. Ayres, president of the Asso
ciated Federal Students, will present ex
tensive plans at the next meeting of the
organization, next Wednesday, July 20,
for a midsummer celebration.
The meeting is called especially to*
consider this proposed outing, and ac
cording to Ayres, is "tres importante."
He asks all buddies to "snap into it"
and "answer to muster" in the Union at
7:30.
E. H. Ayres, president of the Asso
ciated Federal Students, will present ex
tensive plans at the next meeting of the
organization, next Wednesday, July 20,
for a midsummer celebration.
The meeting is called especially to*
consider this proposed outing, and ac
cording to Ayres, is "tres importante."
He asks all buddies to "snap into it"
and "answer to muster" in the Union at
7:30.
E. H. Ayres, president of the Asso
ciated Federal Students, will present ex
tensive plans at the next meeting of the
organization, next Wednesday, July 20,
for a midsummer celebration.
The meeting is called especially to*
consider this proposed outing, and ac
cording to Ayres, is "tres importante."
He asks all buddies to "snap into it"
and "answer to muster" in the Union at
7:30.
E. H. Ayres, president of the Asso
ciated Federal Students, will present ex
tensive plans at the next meeting of the
organization, next Wednesday, July 20,
for a midsummer celebration.
The meeting is called especially to*
consider this proposed outing, and ac
cording to Ayres, is "tres importante."
He asks all buddies to "snap into it"
and "answer to muster" in the Union at
7:30.
