# Inside
## 
### 
News

Assoc. Dean of Stu
dent Affairs Diana
Conklin was arrested
for alleged cocaine
use. Whether or not
she is guilty, and
whether or not this af
fects her position at
Stanford, has yet to
be decided.
See page 5

Entertainment

Everyday campus life
getting you down?
Have no fear, there's
plenty to do in the
outside world. Food,
fun and laughter —
it's all out there.
Come with us and
you'll see.
See page 9

Sports

Assistant baseball
coach Kirk Mason
helbed Cardinal
baseball make it to,
and twice win, the
College World Series.
Now he's leaving to
take a top coaching
job at Colorado State.
See page 15





Hilary Smith Daily
News

Assoc. Dean of Stu
dent Affairs Diana
Conklin was arrested
for alleged cocaine
use. Whether or not
she is guilty, and
whether or not this af
fects her position at
Stanford, has yet to
be decided.
See page 5

Entertainment

Everyday campus life
getting you down?
Have no fear, there's
plenty to do in the
outside world. Food,
fun and laughter —
it's all out there.
Come with us and
you'll see.
See page 9

Sports

Assistant baseball
coach Kirk Mason
helbed Cardinal
baseball make it to,
and twice win, the
College World Series.
Now he's leaving to
take a top coaching
job at Colorado State.
See page 15





Hilary Smith Daily
News

Assoc. Dean of Stu
dent Affairs Diana
Conklin was arrested
for alleged cocaine
use. Whether or not
she is guilty, and
whether or not this af
fects her position at
Stanford, has yet to
be decided.
See page 5

Entertainment

Everyday campus life
getting you down?
Have no fear, there's
plenty to do in the
outside world. Food,
fun and laughter —
it's all out there.
Come with us and
you'll see.
See page 9

Sports

Assistant baseball
coach Kirk Mason
helbed Cardinal
baseball make it to,
and twice win, the
College World Series.
Now he's leaving to
take a top coaching
job at Colorado State.
See page 15





Hilary Smith Daily
News

Assoc. Dean of Stu
dent Affairs Diana
Conklin was arrested
for alleged cocaine
use. Whether or not
she is guilty, and
whether or not this af
fects her position at
Stanford, has yet to
be decided.
See page 5

Entertainment

Everyday campus life
getting you down?
Have no fear, there's
plenty to do in the
outside world. Food,
fun and laughter —
it's all out there.
Come with us and
you'll see.
See page 9

Sports

Assistant baseball
coach Kirk Mason
helbed Cardinal
baseball make it to,
and twice win, the
College World Series.
Now he's leaving to
take a top coaching
job at Colorado State.
See page 15





Hilary Smith Daily
News

Assoc. Dean of Stu
dent Affairs Diana
Conklin was arrested
for alleged cocaine
use. Whether or not
she is guilty, and
whether or not this af
fects her position at
Stanford, has yet to
be decided.
See page 5

Entertainment

Everyday campus life
getting you down?
Have no fear, there's
plenty to do in the
outside world. Food,
fun and laughter —
it's all out there.
Come with us and
you'll see.
See page 9

Sports

Assistant baseball
coach Kirk Mason
helbed Cardinal
baseball make it to,
and twice win, the
College World Series.
Now he's leaving to
take a top coaching
job at Colorado State.
See page 15





Hilary Smith Daily
News

Assoc. Dean of Stu
dent Affairs Diana
Conklin was arrested
for alleged cocaine
use. Whether or not
she is guilty, and
whether or not this af
fects her position at
Stanford, has yet to
be decided.
See page 5

Entertainment

Everyday campus life
getting you down?
Have no fear, there's
plenty to do in the
outside world. Food,
fun and laughter —
it's all out there.
Come with us and
you'll see.
See page 9

Sports

Assistant baseball
coach Kirk Mason
helbed Cardinal
baseball make it to,
and twice win, the
College World Series.
Now he's leaving to
take a top coaching
job at Colorado State.
See page 15





Hilary Smith Daily
News

Assoc. Dean of Stu
dent Affairs Diana
Conklin was arrested
for alleged cocaine
use. Whether or not
she is guilty, and
whether or not this af
fects her position at
Stanford, has yet to
be decided.
See page 5

Entertainment

Everyday campus life
getting you down?
Have no fear, there's
plenty to do in the
outside world. Food,
fun and laughter —
it's all out there.
Come with us and
you'll see.
See page 9

Sports

Assistant baseball
coach Kirk Mason
helbed Cardinal
baseball make it to,
and twice win, the
College World Series.
Now he's leaving to
take a top coaching
job at Colorado State.
See page 15





Hilary Smith Daily
