# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
I
'
PHELPS - TERKEL
TOLD THE STORY
... in all our stores we
have pioneered in tell
ing the story of Palm
Beach to our custom
ers, a story we inves
tigated, proved, and
backed to the limit.
Result: for three years
we have
•
LED THE WEST !N
PALM BEACH
SALES...
... far more than a
thousand men found
Palm Beach service and
satisfaction through
Phelps-Terkel last year
alone, proving us right
again in choice of
models, shades, and
patterns.
PHELPS - TERKEL
CIVESTHEO. K.
AS TO STYLE . . .
. . . months ago our
sport ideas, our style
experience, were incor
porated with others in
developing the new
shades, the new sport
models which we show
you now under this fa
mous label.
TRY ONE ON
TODAY AT
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST.
I
'
PHELPS - TERKEL
TOLD THE STORY
... in all our stores we
have pioneered in tell
ing the story of Palm
Beach to our custom
ers, a story we inves
tigated, proved, and
backed to the limit.
Result: for three years
we have
•
LED THE WEST !N
PALM BEACH
SALES...
... far more than a
thousand men found
Palm Beach service and
satisfaction through
Phelps-Terkel last year
alone, proving us right
again in choice of
models, shades, and
patterns.
PHELPS - TERKEL
CIVESTHEO. K.
AS TO STYLE . . .
. . . months ago our
sport ideas, our style
experience, were incor
porated with others in
developing the new
shades, the new sport
models which we show
you now under this fa
mous label.
TRY ONE ON
TODAY AT
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST.
I
'
PHELPS - TERKEL
TOLD THE STORY
... in all our stores we
have pioneered in tell
ing the story of Palm
Beach to our custom
ers, a story we inves
tigated, proved, and
backed to the limit.
Result: for three years
we have
•
LED THE WEST !N
PALM BEACH
SALES...
... far more than a
thousand men found
Palm Beach service and
satisfaction through
Phelps-Terkel last year
alone, proving us right
again in choice of
models, shades, and
patterns.
PHELPS - TERKEL
CIVESTHEO. K.
AS TO STYLE . . .
. . . months ago our
sport ideas, our style
experience, were incor
porated with others in
developing the new
shades, the new sport
models which we show
you now under this fa
mous label.
TRY ONE ON
TODAY AT
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST.
I
'
PHELPS - TERKEL
TOLD THE STORY
... in all our stores we
have pioneered in tell
ing the story of Palm
Beach to our custom
ers, a story we inves
tigated, proved, and
backed to the limit.
Result: for three years
we have
•
LED THE WEST !N
PALM BEACH
SALES...
... far more than a
thousand men found
Palm Beach service and
satisfaction through
Phelps-Terkel last year
alone, proving us right
again in choice of
models, shades, and
patterns.
PHELPS - TERKEL
CIVESTHEO. K.
AS TO STYLE . . .
. . . months ago our
sport ideas, our style
experience, were incor
porated with others in
developing the new
shades, the new sport
models which we show
you now under this fa
mous label.
TRY ONE ON
TODAY AT
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST.
I
'
PHELPS - TERKEL
TOLD THE STORY
... in all our stores we
have pioneered in tell
ing the story of Palm
Beach to our custom
ers, a story we inves
tigated, proved, and
backed to the limit.
Result: for three years
we have
•
LED THE WEST !N
PALM BEACH
SALES...
... far more than a
thousand men found
Palm Beach service and
satisfaction through
Phelps-Terkel last year
alone, proving us right
again in choice of
models, shades, and
patterns.
PHELPS - TERKEL
CIVESTHEO. K.
AS TO STYLE . . .
. . . months ago our
sport ideas, our style
experience, were incor
porated with others in
developing the new
shades, the new sport
models which we show
you now under this fa
mous label.
TRY ONE ON
TODAY AT
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST.
I
'
PHELPS - TERKEL
TOLD THE STORY
... in all our stores we
have pioneered in tell
ing the story of Palm
Beach to our custom
ers, a story we inves
tigated, proved, and
backed to the limit.
Result: for three years
we have
•
LED THE WEST !N
PALM BEACH
SALES...
... far more than a
thousand men found
Palm Beach service and
satisfaction through
Phelps-Terkel last year
alone, proving us right
again in choice of
models, shades, and
patterns.
PHELPS - TERKEL
CIVESTHEO. K.
AS TO STYLE . . .
. . . months ago our
sport ideas, our style
experience, were incor
porated with others in
developing the new
shades, the new sport
models which we show
you now under this fa
mous label.
TRY ONE ON
TODAY AT
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST.
I
'
PHELPS - TERKEL
TOLD THE STORY
... in all our stores we
have pioneered in tell
ing the story of Palm
Beach to our custom
ers, a story we inves
tigated, proved, and
backed to the limit.
Result: for three years
we have
•
LED THE WEST !N
PALM BEACH
SALES...
... far more than a
thousand men found
Palm Beach service and
satisfaction through
Phelps-Terkel last year
alone, proving us right
again in choice of
models, shades, and
patterns.
PHELPS - TERKEL
CIVESTHEO. K.
AS TO STYLE . . .
. . . months ago our
sport ideas, our style
experience, were incor
porated with others in
developing the new
shades, the new sport
models which we show
you now under this fa
mous label.
TRY ONE ON
TODAY AT
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST.
I
'
PHELPS - TERKEL
TOLD THE STORY
... in all our stores we
have pioneered in tell
ing the story of Palm
Beach to our custom
ers, a story we inves
tigated, proved, and
backed to the limit.
Result: for three years
we have
•
LED THE WEST !N
PALM BEACH
SALES...
... far more than a
thousand men found
Palm Beach service and
satisfaction through
Phelps-Terkel last year
alone, proving us right
again in choice of
models, shades, and
patterns.
PHELPS - TERKEL
CIVESTHEO. K.
AS TO STYLE . . .
. . . months ago our
sport ideas, our style
experience, were incor
porated with others in
developing the new
shades, the new sport
models which we show
you now under this fa
mous label.
TRY ONE ON
TODAY AT
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST.
I
'
PHELPS - TERKEL
TOLD THE STORY
... in all our stores we
have pioneered in tell
ing the story of Palm
Beach to our custom
ers, a story we inves
tigated, proved, and
backed to the limit.
Result: for three years
we have
•
LED THE WEST !N
PALM BEACH
SALES...
... far more than a
thousand men found
Palm Beach service and
satisfaction through
Phelps-Terkel last year
alone, proving us right
again in choice of
models, shades, and
patterns.
PHELPS - TERKEL
CIVESTHEO. K.
AS TO STYLE . . .
. . . months ago our
sport ideas, our style
experience, were incor
porated with others in
developing the new
shades, the new sport
models which we show
you now under this fa
mous label.
TRY ONE ON
TODAY AT
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST.
I
'
PHELPS - TERKEL
TOLD THE STORY
... in all our stores we
have pioneered in tell
ing the story of Palm
Beach to our custom
ers, a story we inves
tigated, proved, and
backed to the limit.
Result: for three years
we have
•
LED THE WEST !N
PALM BEACH
SALES...
... far more than a
thousand men found
Palm Beach service and
satisfaction through
Phelps-Terkel last year
alone, proving us right
again in choice of
models, shades, and
patterns.
PHELPS - TERKEL
CIVESTHEO. K.
AS TO STYLE . . .
. . . months ago our
sport ideas, our style
experience, were incor
porated with others in
developing the new
shades, the new sport
models which we show
you now under this fa
mous label.
TRY ONE ON
TODAY AT
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST.
I
'
PHELPS - TERKEL
TOLD THE STORY
... in all our stores we
have pioneered in tell
ing the story of Palm
Beach to our custom
ers, a story we inves
tigated, proved, and
backed to the limit.
Result: for three years
we have
•
LED THE WEST !N
PALM BEACH
SALES...
... far more than a
thousand men found
Palm Beach service and
satisfaction through
Phelps-Terkel last year
alone, proving us right
again in choice of
models, shades, and
patterns.
PHELPS - TERKEL
CIVESTHEO. K.
AS TO STYLE . . .
. . . months ago our
sport ideas, our style
experience, were incor
porated with others in
developing the new
shades, the new sport
models which we show
you now under this fa
mous label.
TRY ONE ON
TODAY AT
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST.
I
'
PHELPS - TERKEL
TOLD THE STORY
... in all our stores we
have pioneered in tell
ing the story of Palm
Beach to our custom
ers, a story we inves
tigated, proved, and
backed to the limit.
Result: for three years
we have
•
LED THE WEST !N
PALM BEACH
SALES...
... far more than a
thousand men found
Palm Beach service and
satisfaction through
Phelps-Terkel last year
alone, proving us right
again in choice of
models, shades, and
patterns.
PHELPS - TERKEL
CIVESTHEO. K.
AS TO STYLE . . .
. . . months ago our
sport ideas, our style
experience, were incor
porated with others in
developing the new
shades, the new sport
models which we show
you now under this fa
mous label.
TRY ONE ON
TODAY AT
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST.
I
'
PHELPS - TERKEL
TOLD THE STORY
... in all our stores we
have pioneered in tell
ing the story of Palm
Beach to our custom
ers, a story we inves
tigated, proved, and
backed to the limit.
Result: for three years
we have
•
LED THE WEST !N
PALM BEACH
SALES...
... far more than a
thousand men found
Palm Beach service and
satisfaction through
Phelps-Terkel last year
alone, proving us right
again in choice of
models, shades, and
patterns.
PHELPS - TERKEL
CIVESTHEO. K.
AS TO STYLE . . .
. . . months ago our
sport ideas, our style
experience, were incor
porated with others in
developing the new
shades, the new sport
models which we show
you now under this fa
mous label.
TRY ONE ON
TODAY AT
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST.
I
'
PHELPS - TERKEL
TOLD THE STORY
... in all our stores we
have pioneered in tell
ing the story of Palm
Beach to our custom
ers, a story we inves
tigated, proved, and
backed to the limit.
Result: for three years
we have
•
LED THE WEST !N
PALM BEACH
SALES...
... far more than a
thousand men found
Palm Beach service and
satisfaction through
Phelps-Terkel last year
alone, proving us right
again in choice of
models, shades, and
patterns.
PHELPS - TERKEL
CIVESTHEO. K.
AS TO STYLE . . .
. . . months ago our
sport ideas, our style
experience, were incor
porated with others in
developing the new
shades, the new sport
models which we show
you now under this fa
mous label.
TRY ONE ON
TODAY AT
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST.
I
'
PHELPS - TERKEL
TOLD THE STORY
... in all our stores we
have pioneered in tell
ing the story of Palm
Beach to our custom
ers, a story we inves
tigated, proved, and
backed to the limit.
Result: for three years
we have
•
LED THE WEST !N
PALM BEACH
SALES...
... far more than a
thousand men found
Palm Beach service and
satisfaction through
Phelps-Terkel last year
alone, proving us right
again in choice of
models, shades, and
patterns.
PHELPS - TERKEL
CIVESTHEO. K.
AS TO STYLE . . .
. . . months ago our
sport ideas, our style
experience, were incor
porated with others in
developing the new
shades, the new sport
models which we show
you now under this fa
mous label.
TRY ONE ON
TODAY AT
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 RAMONA ST.
