# New Appropriation Made For State Relief Works
## 
### 
Announcement of a $4500 appro
priation for the continuance of the
State Emergency relief work that is
being done on the Stanford campus
was made yesterday by Ray L. Riley,
State Comptroller, yesterday after
noon.
Requests for work on the state
projects need not fill out new appli
cations, but should apply to Mrs.
Spenner for their release cards at
the earliest possible time.
Announcement of a $4500 appro
priation for the continuance of the
State Emergency relief work that is
being done on the Stanford campus
was made yesterday by Ray L. Riley,
State Comptroller, yesterday after
noon.
Requests for work on the state
projects need not fill out new appli
cations, but should apply to Mrs.
Spenner for their release cards at
the earliest possible time.
Announcement of a $4500 appro
priation for the continuance of the
State Emergency relief work that is
being done on the Stanford campus
was made yesterday by Ray L. Riley,
State Comptroller, yesterday after
noon.
Requests for work on the state
projects need not fill out new appli
cations, but should apply to Mrs.
Spenner for their release cards at
the earliest possible time.
Announcement of a $4500 appro
priation for the continuance of the
State Emergency relief work that is
being done on the Stanford campus
was made yesterday by Ray L. Riley,
State Comptroller, yesterday after
noon.
Requests for work on the state
projects need not fill out new appli
cations, but should apply to Mrs.
Spenner for their release cards at
the earliest possible time.
Announcement of a $4500 appro
priation for the continuance of the
State Emergency relief work that is
being done on the Stanford campus
was made yesterday by Ray L. Riley,
State Comptroller, yesterday after
noon.
Requests for work on the state
projects need not fill out new appli
cations, but should apply to Mrs.
Spenner for their release cards at
the earliest possible time.
Announcement of a $4500 appro
priation for the continuance of the
State Emergency relief work that is
being done on the Stanford campus
was made yesterday by Ray L. Riley,
State Comptroller, yesterday after
noon.
Requests for work on the state
projects need not fill out new appli
cations, but should apply to Mrs.
Spenner for their release cards at
the earliest possible time.
Announcement of a $4500 appro
priation for the continuance of the
State Emergency relief work that is
being done on the Stanford campus
was made yesterday by Ray L. Riley,
State Comptroller, yesterday after
noon.
Requests for work on the state
projects need not fill out new appli
cations, but should apply to Mrs.
Spenner for their release cards at
the earliest possible time.
Announcement of a $4500 appro
priation for the continuance of the
State Emergency relief work that is
being done on the Stanford campus
was made yesterday by Ray L. Riley,
State Comptroller, yesterday after
noon.
Requests for work on the state
projects need not fill out new appli
cations, but should apply to Mrs.
Spenner for their release cards at
the earliest possible time.
Announcement of a $4500 appro
priation for the continuance of the
State Emergency relief work that is
being done on the Stanford campus
was made yesterday by Ray L. Riley,
State Comptroller, yesterday after
noon.
Requests for work on the state
projects need not fill out new appli
cations, but should apply to Mrs.
Spenner for their release cards at
the earliest possible time.
Announcement of a $4500 appro
priation for the continuance of the
State Emergency relief work that is
being done on the Stanford campus
was made yesterday by Ray L. Riley,
State Comptroller, yesterday after
noon.
Requests for work on the state
projects need not fill out new appli
cations, but should apply to Mrs.
Spenner for their release cards at
the earliest possible time.
Announcement of a $4500 appro
priation for the continuance of the
State Emergency relief work that is
being done on the Stanford campus
was made yesterday by Ray L. Riley,
State Comptroller, yesterday after
noon.
Requests for work on the state
projects need not fill out new appli
cations, but should apply to Mrs.
Spenner for their release cards at
the earliest possible time.
Announcement of a $4500 appro
priation for the continuance of the
State Emergency relief work that is
being done on the Stanford campus
was made yesterday by Ray L. Riley,
State Comptroller, yesterday after
noon.
Requests for work on the state
projects need not fill out new appli
cations, but should apply to Mrs.
Spenner for their release cards at
the earliest possible time.
Announcement of a $4500 appro
priation for the continuance of the
State Emergency relief work that is
being done on the Stanford campus
was made yesterday by Ray L. Riley,
State Comptroller, yesterday after
noon.
Requests for work on the state
projects need not fill out new appli
cations, but should apply to Mrs.
Spenner for their release cards at
the earliest possible time.
Announcement of a $4500 appro
priation for the continuance of the
State Emergency relief work that is
being done on the Stanford campus
was made yesterday by Ray L. Riley,
State Comptroller, yesterday after
noon.
Requests for work on the state
projects need not fill out new appli
cations, but should apply to Mrs.
Spenner for their release cards at
the earliest possible time.
Announcement of a $4500 appro
priation for the continuance of the
State Emergency relief work that is
being done on the Stanford campus
was made yesterday by Ray L. Riley,
State Comptroller, yesterday after
noon.
Requests for work on the state
projects need not fill out new appli
cations, but should apply to Mrs.
Spenner for their release cards at
the earliest possible time.
