# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Convalescent Home Drive
committee and sub-committee
chairmen will meet at 6:30
o'clock tonight at the home of
Mrs. Payson J. Treat, 750 Do
lores, to discuss with Miss Ruth
Spande, Superintendent of the
Home, final plans, and get to
gether for final organization.
Convalescent Home Drive
committee and sub-committee
chairmen will meet at 6:30
o'clock tonight at the home of
Mrs. Payson J. Treat, 750 Do
lores, to discuss with Miss Ruth
Spande, Superintendent of the
Home, final plans, and get to
gether for final organization.
Convalescent Home Drive
committee and sub-committee
chairmen will meet at 6:30
o'clock tonight at the home of
Mrs. Payson J. Treat, 750 Do
lores, to discuss with Miss Ruth
Spande, Superintendent of the
Home, final plans, and get to
gether for final organization.
Convalescent Home Drive
committee and sub-committee
chairmen will meet at 6:30
o'clock tonight at the home of
Mrs. Payson J. Treat, 750 Do
lores, to discuss with Miss Ruth
Spande, Superintendent of the
Home, final plans, and get to
gether for final organization.
Convalescent Home Drive
committee and sub-committee
chairmen will meet at 6:30
o'clock tonight at the home of
Mrs. Payson J. Treat, 750 Do
lores, to discuss with Miss Ruth
Spande, Superintendent of the
Home, final plans, and get to
gether for final organization.
Convalescent Home Drive
committee and sub-committee
chairmen will meet at 6:30
o'clock tonight at the home of
Mrs. Payson J. Treat, 750 Do
lores, to discuss with Miss Ruth
Spande, Superintendent of the
Home, final plans, and get to
gether for final organization.
Convalescent Home Drive
committee and sub-committee
chairmen will meet at 6:30
o'clock tonight at the home of
Mrs. Payson J. Treat, 750 Do
lores, to discuss with Miss Ruth
Spande, Superintendent of the
Home, final plans, and get to
gether for final organization.
Convalescent Home Drive
committee and sub-committee
chairmen will meet at 6:30
o'clock tonight at the home of
Mrs. Payson J. Treat, 750 Do
lores, to discuss with Miss Ruth
Spande, Superintendent of the
Home, final plans, and get to
gether for final organization.
Convalescent Home Drive
committee and sub-committee
chairmen will meet at 6:30
o'clock tonight at the home of
Mrs. Payson J. Treat, 750 Do
lores, to discuss with Miss Ruth
Spande, Superintendent of the
Home, final plans, and get to
gether for final organization.
Convalescent Home Drive
committee and sub-committee
chairmen will meet at 6:30
o'clock tonight at the home of
Mrs. Payson J. Treat, 750 Do
lores, to discuss with Miss Ruth
Spande, Superintendent of the
Home, final plans, and get to
gether for final organization.
Convalescent Home Drive
committee and sub-committee
chairmen will meet at 6:30
o'clock tonight at the home of
Mrs. Payson J. Treat, 750 Do
lores, to discuss with Miss Ruth
Spande, Superintendent of the
Home, final plans, and get to
gether for final organization.
Convalescent Home Drive
committee and sub-committee
chairmen will meet at 6:30
o'clock tonight at the home of
Mrs. Payson J. Treat, 750 Do
lores, to discuss with Miss Ruth
Spande, Superintendent of the
Home, final plans, and get to
gether for final organization.
Convalescent Home Drive
committee and sub-committee
chairmen will meet at 6:30
o'clock tonight at the home of
Mrs. Payson J. Treat, 750 Do
lores, to discuss with Miss Ruth
Spande, Superintendent of the
Home, final plans, and get to
gether for final organization.
Convalescent Home Drive
committee and sub-committee
chairmen will meet at 6:30
o'clock tonight at the home of
Mrs. Payson J. Treat, 750 Do
lores, to discuss with Miss Ruth
Spande, Superintendent of the
Home, final plans, and get to
gether for final organization.
Convalescent Home Drive
committee and sub-committee
chairmen will meet at 6:30
o'clock tonight at the home of
Mrs. Payson J. Treat, 750 Do
lores, to discuss with Miss Ruth
Spande, Superintendent of the
Home, final plans, and get to
gether for final organization.
