# Fiesta Drum Major
## 
### 

Jean Carter (above) will be drum
major of a civic fiesta in Beverly
Hills, Cat. The occasion is in cele
bration of the dedication of a new
>ostoffice and federal building
tfiere. (Associated Press Photo)

Jean Carter (above) will be drum
major of a civic fiesta in Beverly
Hills, Cat. The occasion is in cele
bration of the dedication of a new
>ostoffice and federal building
tfiere. (Associated Press Photo)

Jean Carter (above) will be drum
major of a civic fiesta in Beverly
Hills, Cat. The occasion is in cele
bration of the dedication of a new
>ostoffice and federal building
tfiere. (Associated Press Photo)

Jean Carter (above) will be drum
major of a civic fiesta in Beverly
Hills, Cat. The occasion is in cele
bration of the dedication of a new
>ostoffice and federal building
tfiere. (Associated Press Photo)

Jean Carter (above) will be drum
major of a civic fiesta in Beverly
Hills, Cat. The occasion is in cele
bration of the dedication of a new
>ostoffice and federal building
tfiere. (Associated Press Photo)

Jean Carter (above) will be drum
major of a civic fiesta in Beverly
Hills, Cat. The occasion is in cele
bration of the dedication of a new
>ostoffice and federal building
tfiere. (Associated Press Photo)

Jean Carter (above) will be drum
major of a civic fiesta in Beverly
Hills, Cat. The occasion is in cele
bration of the dedication of a new
>ostoffice and federal building
tfiere. (Associated Press Photo)

Jean Carter (above) will be drum
major of a civic fiesta in Beverly
Hills, Cat. The occasion is in cele
bration of the dedication of a new
>ostoffice and federal building
tfiere. (Associated Press Photo)

Jean Carter (above) will be drum
major of a civic fiesta in Beverly
Hills, Cat. The occasion is in cele
bration of the dedication of a new
>ostoffice and federal building
tfiere. (Associated Press Photo)

Jean Carter (above) will be drum
major of a civic fiesta in Beverly
Hills, Cat. The occasion is in cele
bration of the dedication of a new
>ostoffice and federal building
tfiere. (Associated Press Photo)

Jean Carter (above) will be drum
major of a civic fiesta in Beverly
Hills, Cat. The occasion is in cele
bration of the dedication of a new
>ostoffice and federal building
tfiere. (Associated Press Photo)

Jean Carter (above) will be drum
major of a civic fiesta in Beverly
Hills, Cat. The occasion is in cele
bration of the dedication of a new
>ostoffice and federal building
tfiere. (Associated Press Photo)

Jean Carter (above) will be drum
major of a civic fiesta in Beverly
Hills, Cat. The occasion is in cele
bration of the dedication of a new
>ostoffice and federal building
tfiere. (Associated Press Photo)

Jean Carter (above) will be drum
major of a civic fiesta in Beverly
Hills, Cat. The occasion is in cele
bration of the dedication of a new
>ostoffice and federal building
tfiere. (Associated Press Photo)

Jean Carter (above) will be drum
major of a civic fiesta in Beverly
Hills, Cat. The occasion is in cele
bration of the dedication of a new
>ostoffice and federal building
tfiere. (Associated Press Photo)
