# NEW PARIS RIOTS
## 
### 
PARIS, May 2 (Wednesday) (/P) —
Rioting flared anew in a workers'
district at midnight just when au
thorities thought their May Day
troubles were over.
PARIS, May 2 (Wednesday) (/P) —
Rioting flared anew in a workers'
district at midnight just when au
thorities thought their May Day
troubles were over.
PARIS, May 2 (Wednesday) (/P) —
Rioting flared anew in a workers'
district at midnight just when au
thorities thought their May Day
troubles were over.
PARIS, May 2 (Wednesday) (/P) —
Rioting flared anew in a workers'
district at midnight just when au
thorities thought their May Day
troubles were over.
PARIS, May 2 (Wednesday) (/P) —
Rioting flared anew in a workers'
district at midnight just when au
thorities thought their May Day
troubles were over.
PARIS, May 2 (Wednesday) (/P) —
Rioting flared anew in a workers'
district at midnight just when au
thorities thought their May Day
troubles were over.
PARIS, May 2 (Wednesday) (/P) —
Rioting flared anew in a workers'
district at midnight just when au
thorities thought their May Day
troubles were over.
PARIS, May 2 (Wednesday) (/P) —
Rioting flared anew in a workers'
district at midnight just when au
thorities thought their May Day
troubles were over.
PARIS, May 2 (Wednesday) (/P) —
Rioting flared anew in a workers'
district at midnight just when au
thorities thought their May Day
troubles were over.
PARIS, May 2 (Wednesday) (/P) —
Rioting flared anew in a workers'
district at midnight just when au
thorities thought their May Day
troubles were over.
PARIS, May 2 (Wednesday) (/P) —
Rioting flared anew in a workers'
district at midnight just when au
thorities thought their May Day
troubles were over.
PARIS, May 2 (Wednesday) (/P) —
Rioting flared anew in a workers'
district at midnight just when au
thorities thought their May Day
troubles were over.
PARIS, May 2 (Wednesday) (/P) —
Rioting flared anew in a workers'
district at midnight just when au
thorities thought their May Day
troubles were over.
PARIS, May 2 (Wednesday) (/P) —
Rioting flared anew in a workers'
district at midnight just when au
thorities thought their May Day
troubles were over.
PARIS, May 2 (Wednesday) (/P) —
Rioting flared anew in a workers'
district at midnight just when au
thorities thought their May Day
troubles were over.
