# BUSINESS CLUB DINNER
## 
### 
Edmund Joseph, merchandising
manager of I Magnin and Co., will
speak on merchandising problems to
the Stanford Business Club at it*
weekly dinner meeting in the Union
at 6:15 o'clock tonight. Douglas
Johnson, president of the club, and
first-year student in the Graduate
School of Business, will preside at
the dinner.
Students at Vassal" College, once
known as a college for rich men's
daughters, are earning a total of
$22,000 toward their own college ex
penses this year.
Edmund Joseph, merchandising
manager of I Magnin and Co., will
speak on merchandising problems to
the Stanford Business Club at it*
weekly dinner meeting in the Union
at 6:15 o'clock tonight. Douglas
Johnson, president of the club, and
first-year student in the Graduate
School of Business, will preside at
the dinner.
Students at Vassal" College, once
known as a college for rich men's
daughters, are earning a total of
$22,000 toward their own college ex
penses this year.
Edmund Joseph, merchandising
manager of I Magnin and Co., will
speak on merchandising problems to
the Stanford Business Club at it*
weekly dinner meeting in the Union
at 6:15 o'clock tonight. Douglas
Johnson, president of the club, and
first-year student in the Graduate
School of Business, will preside at
the dinner.
Students at Vassal" College, once
known as a college for rich men's
daughters, are earning a total of
$22,000 toward their own college ex
penses this year.
Edmund Joseph, merchandising
manager of I Magnin and Co., will
speak on merchandising problems to
the Stanford Business Club at it*
weekly dinner meeting in the Union
at 6:15 o'clock tonight. Douglas
Johnson, president of the club, and
first-year student in the Graduate
School of Business, will preside at
the dinner.
Students at Vassal" College, once
known as a college for rich men's
daughters, are earning a total of
$22,000 toward their own college ex
penses this year.
Edmund Joseph, merchandising
manager of I Magnin and Co., will
speak on merchandising problems to
the Stanford Business Club at it*
weekly dinner meeting in the Union
at 6:15 o'clock tonight. Douglas
Johnson, president of the club, and
first-year student in the Graduate
School of Business, will preside at
the dinner.
Students at Vassal" College, once
known as a college for rich men's
daughters, are earning a total of
$22,000 toward their own college ex
penses this year.
Edmund Joseph, merchandising
manager of I Magnin and Co., will
speak on merchandising problems to
the Stanford Business Club at it*
weekly dinner meeting in the Union
at 6:15 o'clock tonight. Douglas
Johnson, president of the club, and
first-year student in the Graduate
School of Business, will preside at
the dinner.
Students at Vassal" College, once
known as a college for rich men's
daughters, are earning a total of
$22,000 toward their own college ex
penses this year.
Edmund Joseph, merchandising
manager of I Magnin and Co., will
speak on merchandising problems to
the Stanford Business Club at it*
weekly dinner meeting in the Union
at 6:15 o'clock tonight. Douglas
Johnson, president of the club, and
first-year student in the Graduate
School of Business, will preside at
the dinner.
Students at Vassal" College, once
known as a college for rich men's
daughters, are earning a total of
$22,000 toward their own college ex
penses this year.
Edmund Joseph, merchandising
manager of I Magnin and Co., will
speak on merchandising problems to
the Stanford Business Club at it*
weekly dinner meeting in the Union
at 6:15 o'clock tonight. Douglas
Johnson, president of the club, and
first-year student in the Graduate
School of Business, will preside at
the dinner.
Students at Vassal" College, once
known as a college for rich men's
daughters, are earning a total of
$22,000 toward their own college ex
penses this year.
Edmund Joseph, merchandising
manager of I Magnin and Co., will
speak on merchandising problems to
the Stanford Business Club at it*
weekly dinner meeting in the Union
at 6:15 o'clock tonight. Douglas
Johnson, president of the club, and
first-year student in the Graduate
School of Business, will preside at
the dinner.
Students at Vassal" College, once
known as a college for rich men's
daughters, are earning a total of
$22,000 toward their own college ex
penses this year.
Edmund Joseph, merchandising
manager of I Magnin and Co., will
speak on merchandising problems to
the Stanford Business Club at it*
weekly dinner meeting in the Union
at 6:15 o'clock tonight. Douglas
Johnson, president of the club, and
first-year student in the Graduate
School of Business, will preside at
the dinner.
Students at Vassal" College, once
known as a college for rich men's
daughters, are earning a total of
$22,000 toward their own college ex
penses this year.
Edmund Joseph, merchandising
manager of I Magnin and Co., will
speak on merchandising problems to
the Stanford Business Club at it*
weekly dinner meeting in the Union
at 6:15 o'clock tonight. Douglas
Johnson, president of the club, and
first-year student in the Graduate
School of Business, will preside at
the dinner.
Students at Vassal" College, once
known as a college for rich men's
daughters, are earning a total of
$22,000 toward their own college ex
penses this year.
Edmund Joseph, merchandising
manager of I Magnin and Co., will
speak on merchandising problems to
the Stanford Business Club at it*
weekly dinner meeting in the Union
at 6:15 o'clock tonight. Douglas
Johnson, president of the club, and
first-year student in the Graduate
School of Business, will preside at
the dinner.
Students at Vassal" College, once
known as a college for rich men's
daughters, are earning a total of
$22,000 toward their own college ex
penses this year.
Edmund Joseph, merchandising
manager of I Magnin and Co., will
speak on merchandising problems to
the Stanford Business Club at it*
weekly dinner meeting in the Union
at 6:15 o'clock tonight. Douglas
Johnson, president of the club, and
first-year student in the Graduate
School of Business, will preside at
the dinner.
Students at Vassal" College, once
known as a college for rich men's
daughters, are earning a total of
$22,000 toward their own college ex
penses this year.
Edmund Joseph, merchandising
manager of I Magnin and Co., will
speak on merchandising problems to
the Stanford Business Club at it*
weekly dinner meeting in the Union
at 6:15 o'clock tonight. Douglas
Johnson, president of the club, and
first-year student in the Graduate
School of Business, will preside at
the dinner.
Students at Vassal" College, once
known as a college for rich men's
daughters, are earning a total of
$22,000 toward their own college ex
penses this year.
Edmund Joseph, merchandising
manager of I Magnin and Co., will
speak on merchandising problems to
the Stanford Business Club at it*
weekly dinner meeting in the Union
at 6:15 o'clock tonight. Douglas
Johnson, president of the club, and
first-year student in the Graduate
School of Business, will preside at
the dinner.
Students at Vassal" College, once
known as a college for rich men's
daughters, are earning a total of
$22,000 toward their own college ex
penses this year.
