# INSULL SAILS BACK FOR TRIAL
## 
### 

This unusual new closcup of Samuel Insull, former Chicago utilities
magnate, was taken aboard the liner Exilona on which he is being returned
to the United States for trial. The once-powerful industrialist has aged
noticeably in the last several months. (A.P.-Paramount News Photo)

This unusual new closcup of Samuel Insull, former Chicago utilities
magnate, was taken aboard the liner Exilona on which he is being returned
to the United States for trial. The once-powerful industrialist has aged
noticeably in the last several months. (A.P.-Paramount News Photo)

This unusual new closcup of Samuel Insull, former Chicago utilities
magnate, was taken aboard the liner Exilona on which he is being returned
to the United States for trial. The once-powerful industrialist has aged
noticeably in the last several months. (A.P.-Paramount News Photo)

This unusual new closcup of Samuel Insull, former Chicago utilities
magnate, was taken aboard the liner Exilona on which he is being returned
to the United States for trial. The once-powerful industrialist has aged
noticeably in the last several months. (A.P.-Paramount News Photo)

This unusual new closcup of Samuel Insull, former Chicago utilities
magnate, was taken aboard the liner Exilona on which he is being returned
to the United States for trial. The once-powerful industrialist has aged
noticeably in the last several months. (A.P.-Paramount News Photo)

This unusual new closcup of Samuel Insull, former Chicago utilities
magnate, was taken aboard the liner Exilona on which he is being returned
to the United States for trial. The once-powerful industrialist has aged
noticeably in the last several months. (A.P.-Paramount News Photo)

This unusual new closcup of Samuel Insull, former Chicago utilities
magnate, was taken aboard the liner Exilona on which he is being returned
to the United States for trial. The once-powerful industrialist has aged
noticeably in the last several months. (A.P.-Paramount News Photo)

This unusual new closcup of Samuel Insull, former Chicago utilities
magnate, was taken aboard the liner Exilona on which he is being returned
to the United States for trial. The once-powerful industrialist has aged
noticeably in the last several months. (A.P.-Paramount News Photo)

This unusual new closcup of Samuel Insull, former Chicago utilities
magnate, was taken aboard the liner Exilona on which he is being returned
to the United States for trial. The once-powerful industrialist has aged
noticeably in the last several months. (A.P.-Paramount News Photo)

This unusual new closcup of Samuel Insull, former Chicago utilities
magnate, was taken aboard the liner Exilona on which he is being returned
to the United States for trial. The once-powerful industrialist has aged
noticeably in the last several months. (A.P.-Paramount News Photo)

This unusual new closcup of Samuel Insull, former Chicago utilities
magnate, was taken aboard the liner Exilona on which he is being returned
to the United States for trial. The once-powerful industrialist has aged
noticeably in the last several months. (A.P.-Paramount News Photo)

This unusual new closcup of Samuel Insull, former Chicago utilities
magnate, was taken aboard the liner Exilona on which he is being returned
to the United States for trial. The once-powerful industrialist has aged
noticeably in the last several months. (A.P.-Paramount News Photo)

This unusual new closcup of Samuel Insull, former Chicago utilities
magnate, was taken aboard the liner Exilona on which he is being returned
to the United States for trial. The once-powerful industrialist has aged
noticeably in the last several months. (A.P.-Paramount News Photo)

This unusual new closcup of Samuel Insull, former Chicago utilities
magnate, was taken aboard the liner Exilona on which he is being returned
to the United States for trial. The once-powerful industrialist has aged
noticeably in the last several months. (A.P.-Paramount News Photo)

This unusual new closcup of Samuel Insull, former Chicago utilities
magnate, was taken aboard the liner Exilona on which he is being returned
to the United States for trial. The once-powerful industrialist has aged
noticeably in the last several months. (A.P.-Paramount News Photo)
