# PETROLEUM TALK
## 
### 
Paul Paine, a petroleum valuation
engineer, will speak at Stanford to
day and tomorrow at 4:15 p.m. in
Room 320 of the Geology Building.
Paul Paine, a petroleum valuation
engineer, will speak at Stanford to
day and tomorrow at 4:15 p.m. in
Room 320 of the Geology Building.
Paul Paine, a petroleum valuation
engineer, will speak at Stanford to
day and tomorrow at 4:15 p.m. in
Room 320 of the Geology Building.
Paul Paine, a petroleum valuation
engineer, will speak at Stanford to
day and tomorrow at 4:15 p.m. in
Room 320 of the Geology Building.
Paul Paine, a petroleum valuation
engineer, will speak at Stanford to
day and tomorrow at 4:15 p.m. in
Room 320 of the Geology Building.
Paul Paine, a petroleum valuation
engineer, will speak at Stanford to
day and tomorrow at 4:15 p.m. in
Room 320 of the Geology Building.
Paul Paine, a petroleum valuation
engineer, will speak at Stanford to
day and tomorrow at 4:15 p.m. in
Room 320 of the Geology Building.
Paul Paine, a petroleum valuation
engineer, will speak at Stanford to
day and tomorrow at 4:15 p.m. in
Room 320 of the Geology Building.
Paul Paine, a petroleum valuation
engineer, will speak at Stanford to
day and tomorrow at 4:15 p.m. in
Room 320 of the Geology Building.
Paul Paine, a petroleum valuation
engineer, will speak at Stanford to
day and tomorrow at 4:15 p.m. in
Room 320 of the Geology Building.
Paul Paine, a petroleum valuation
engineer, will speak at Stanford to
day and tomorrow at 4:15 p.m. in
Room 320 of the Geology Building.
Paul Paine, a petroleum valuation
engineer, will speak at Stanford to
day and tomorrow at 4:15 p.m. in
Room 320 of the Geology Building.
Paul Paine, a petroleum valuation
engineer, will speak at Stanford to
day and tomorrow at 4:15 p.m. in
Room 320 of the Geology Building.
Paul Paine, a petroleum valuation
engineer, will speak at Stanford to
day and tomorrow at 4:15 p.m. in
Room 320 of the Geology Building.
