# Nehi Truck Damages Car
## 
### 
A light gieen '50 Chevrolet mn
vertible owned by Deke Pete T'rd
ham was damaged about 9:45 last
night by a hit-and-run driver in ■>
Nehi Beverage truck. The car whs
parked across from the Deke house
on LasueYi Street.
A passing motorist saw the acci
dent and followed the truck, re
porting the license number, Comm.
All7B.
The right rear fender and cm
bumper of the convertible were >■
verely damaged, according to Off i
cer George Carder, who covered (he
accident.
A light gieen '50 Chevrolet mn
vertible owned by Deke Pete T'rd
ham was damaged about 9:45 last
night by a hit-and-run driver in ■>
Nehi Beverage truck. The car whs
parked across from the Deke house
on LasueYi Street.
A passing motorist saw the acci
dent and followed the truck, re
porting the license number, Comm.
All7B.
The right rear fender and cm
bumper of the convertible were >■
verely damaged, according to Off i
cer George Carder, who covered (he
accident.
A light gieen '50 Chevrolet mn
vertible owned by Deke Pete T'rd
ham was damaged about 9:45 last
night by a hit-and-run driver in ■>
Nehi Beverage truck. The car whs
parked across from the Deke house
on LasueYi Street.
A passing motorist saw the acci
dent and followed the truck, re
porting the license number, Comm.
All7B.
The right rear fender and cm
bumper of the convertible were >■
verely damaged, according to Off i
cer George Carder, who covered (he
accident.
A light gieen '50 Chevrolet mn
vertible owned by Deke Pete T'rd
ham was damaged about 9:45 last
night by a hit-and-run driver in ■>
Nehi Beverage truck. The car whs
parked across from the Deke house
on LasueYi Street.
A passing motorist saw the acci
dent and followed the truck, re
porting the license number, Comm.
All7B.
The right rear fender and cm
bumper of the convertible were >■
verely damaged, according to Off i
cer George Carder, who covered (he
accident.
A light gieen '50 Chevrolet mn
vertible owned by Deke Pete T'rd
ham was damaged about 9:45 last
night by a hit-and-run driver in ■>
Nehi Beverage truck. The car whs
parked across from the Deke house
on LasueYi Street.
A passing motorist saw the acci
dent and followed the truck, re
porting the license number, Comm.
All7B.
The right rear fender and cm
bumper of the convertible were >■
verely damaged, according to Off i
cer George Carder, who covered (he
accident.
A light gieen '50 Chevrolet mn
vertible owned by Deke Pete T'rd
ham was damaged about 9:45 last
night by a hit-and-run driver in ■>
Nehi Beverage truck. The car whs
parked across from the Deke house
on LasueYi Street.
A passing motorist saw the acci
dent and followed the truck, re
porting the license number, Comm.
All7B.
The right rear fender and cm
bumper of the convertible were >■
verely damaged, according to Off i
cer George Carder, who covered (he
accident.
A light gieen '50 Chevrolet mn
vertible owned by Deke Pete T'rd
ham was damaged about 9:45 last
night by a hit-and-run driver in ■>
Nehi Beverage truck. The car whs
parked across from the Deke house
on LasueYi Street.
A passing motorist saw the acci
dent and followed the truck, re
porting the license number, Comm.
All7B.
The right rear fender and cm
bumper of the convertible were >■
verely damaged, according to Off i
cer George Carder, who covered (he
accident.
A light gieen '50 Chevrolet mn
vertible owned by Deke Pete T'rd
ham was damaged about 9:45 last
night by a hit-and-run driver in ■>
Nehi Beverage truck. The car whs
parked across from the Deke house
on LasueYi Street.
A passing motorist saw the acci
dent and followed the truck, re
porting the license number, Comm.
All7B.
The right rear fender and cm
bumper of the convertible were >■
verely damaged, according to Off i
cer George Carder, who covered (he
accident.
A light gieen '50 Chevrolet mn
vertible owned by Deke Pete T'rd
ham was damaged about 9:45 last
night by a hit-and-run driver in ■>
Nehi Beverage truck. The car whs
parked across from the Deke house
on LasueYi Street.
A passing motorist saw the acci
dent and followed the truck, re
porting the license number, Comm.
All7B.
The right rear fender and cm
bumper of the convertible were >■
verely damaged, according to Off i
cer George Carder, who covered (he
accident.
A light gieen '50 Chevrolet mn
vertible owned by Deke Pete T'rd
ham was damaged about 9:45 last
night by a hit-and-run driver in ■>
Nehi Beverage truck. The car whs
parked across from the Deke house
on LasueYi Street.
A passing motorist saw the acci
dent and followed the truck, re
porting the license number, Comm.
All7B.
The right rear fender and cm
bumper of the convertible were >■
verely damaged, according to Off i
cer George Carder, who covered (he
accident.
A light gieen '50 Chevrolet mn
vertible owned by Deke Pete T'rd
ham was damaged about 9:45 last
night by a hit-and-run driver in ■>
Nehi Beverage truck. The car whs
parked across from the Deke house
on LasueYi Street.
A passing motorist saw the acci
dent and followed the truck, re
porting the license number, Comm.
All7B.
The right rear fender and cm
bumper of the convertible were >■
verely damaged, according to Off i
cer George Carder, who covered (he
accident.
A light gieen '50 Chevrolet mn
vertible owned by Deke Pete T'rd
ham was damaged about 9:45 last
night by a hit-and-run driver in ■>
Nehi Beverage truck. The car whs
parked across from the Deke house
on LasueYi Street.
A passing motorist saw the acci
dent and followed the truck, re
porting the license number, Comm.
All7B.
The right rear fender and cm
bumper of the convertible were >■
verely damaged, according to Off i
cer George Carder, who covered (he
accident.
A light gieen '50 Chevrolet mn
vertible owned by Deke Pete T'rd
ham was damaged about 9:45 last
night by a hit-and-run driver in ■>
Nehi Beverage truck. The car whs
parked across from the Deke house
on LasueYi Street.
A passing motorist saw the acci
dent and followed the truck, re
porting the license number, Comm.
All7B.
The right rear fender and cm
bumper of the convertible were >■
verely damaged, according to Off i
cer George Carder, who covered (he
accident.
A light gieen '50 Chevrolet mn
vertible owned by Deke Pete T'rd
ham was damaged about 9:45 last
night by a hit-and-run driver in ■>
Nehi Beverage truck. The car whs
parked across from the Deke house
on LasueYi Street.
A passing motorist saw the acci
dent and followed the truck, re
porting the license number, Comm.
All7B.
The right rear fender and cm
bumper of the convertible were >■
verely damaged, according to Off i
cer George Carder, who covered (he
accident.
