# Untitled Article
## 
### 

California's PAUL MELLO, who edged Trojan Wally Wilson in a
4:15 mile two weeks ago, leads a powerful Bear distance corps
against Stanford in the Big Meet here Saturday.

California's PAUL MELLO, who edged Trojan Wally Wilson in a
4:15 mile two weeks ago, leads a powerful Bear distance corps
against Stanford in the Big Meet here Saturday.

California's PAUL MELLO, who edged Trojan Wally Wilson in a
4:15 mile two weeks ago, leads a powerful Bear distance corps
against Stanford in the Big Meet here Saturday.

California's PAUL MELLO, who edged Trojan Wally Wilson in a
4:15 mile two weeks ago, leads a powerful Bear distance corps
against Stanford in the Big Meet here Saturday.

California's PAUL MELLO, who edged Trojan Wally Wilson in a
4:15 mile two weeks ago, leads a powerful Bear distance corps
against Stanford in the Big Meet here Saturday.

California's PAUL MELLO, who edged Trojan Wally Wilson in a
4:15 mile two weeks ago, leads a powerful Bear distance corps
against Stanford in the Big Meet here Saturday.

California's PAUL MELLO, who edged Trojan Wally Wilson in a
4:15 mile two weeks ago, leads a powerful Bear distance corps
against Stanford in the Big Meet here Saturday.

California's PAUL MELLO, who edged Trojan Wally Wilson in a
4:15 mile two weeks ago, leads a powerful Bear distance corps
against Stanford in the Big Meet here Saturday.

California's PAUL MELLO, who edged Trojan Wally Wilson in a
4:15 mile two weeks ago, leads a powerful Bear distance corps
against Stanford in the Big Meet here Saturday.

California's PAUL MELLO, who edged Trojan Wally Wilson in a
4:15 mile two weeks ago, leads a powerful Bear distance corps
against Stanford in the Big Meet here Saturday.

California's PAUL MELLO, who edged Trojan Wally Wilson in a
4:15 mile two weeks ago, leads a powerful Bear distance corps
against Stanford in the Big Meet here Saturday.

California's PAUL MELLO, who edged Trojan Wally Wilson in a
4:15 mile two weeks ago, leads a powerful Bear distance corps
against Stanford in the Big Meet here Saturday.

California's PAUL MELLO, who edged Trojan Wally Wilson in a
4:15 mile two weeks ago, leads a powerful Bear distance corps
against Stanford in the Big Meet here Saturday.

California's PAUL MELLO, who edged Trojan Wally Wilson in a
4:15 mile two weeks ago, leads a powerful Bear distance corps
against Stanford in the Big Meet here Saturday.
