# SWEETS TO SWEET AT FIRST CAMPUS DANCE
## 
### 
Tonight will witness the first social
event of the college year on the cam
pus, when the music starts at eight
thirty and feet begin to shuffle and
slide around the hall of the Women's
Club House. The shuffle will continue
uninterrupted until quarter to ten,
when the cards will be dealt out, one
to each young lady present, and, as is
the case in most cards games, the one
holding the best card will win the
prize. The prize in this case will be
a two-pound box of Leland Stanford
chocolates, donated by Wilson's.
There will be an intermission from
ten to ten-fifteen in order to give
plenty of time to dispose of said choc
olates and for less fortunate ones to
go over to Stickey's. Good jazz music
will be furnished by "Swede" Larsen,
"Monk" Antrim and Wheeler Thayer.
