# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Morning prayers, formerly held at
7:50, has been changed to a vesper
service at 4:15. A large attendance in
expected at these services, as more
students will he able to he on hand.
Rev. Charles Gardner will conduct the
services.
Morning prayers, formerly held at
7:50, has been changed to a vesper
service at 4:15. A large attendance in
expected at these services, as more
students will he able to he on hand.
Rev. Charles Gardner will conduct the
services.
Morning prayers, formerly held at
7:50, has been changed to a vesper
service at 4:15. A large attendance in
expected at these services, as more
students will he able to he on hand.
Rev. Charles Gardner will conduct the
services.
Morning prayers, formerly held at
7:50, has been changed to a vesper
service at 4:15. A large attendance in
expected at these services, as more
students will he able to he on hand.
Rev. Charles Gardner will conduct the
services.
Morning prayers, formerly held at
7:50, has been changed to a vesper
service at 4:15. A large attendance in
expected at these services, as more
students will he able to he on hand.
Rev. Charles Gardner will conduct the
services.
Morning prayers, formerly held at
7:50, has been changed to a vesper
service at 4:15. A large attendance in
expected at these services, as more
students will he able to he on hand.
Rev. Charles Gardner will conduct the
services.
Morning prayers, formerly held at
7:50, has been changed to a vesper
service at 4:15. A large attendance in
expected at these services, as more
students will he able to he on hand.
Rev. Charles Gardner will conduct the
services.
Morning prayers, formerly held at
7:50, has been changed to a vesper
service at 4:15. A large attendance in
expected at these services, as more
students will he able to he on hand.
Rev. Charles Gardner will conduct the
services.
Morning prayers, formerly held at
7:50, has been changed to a vesper
service at 4:15. A large attendance in
expected at these services, as more
students will he able to he on hand.
Rev. Charles Gardner will conduct the
services.
Morning prayers, formerly held at
7:50, has been changed to a vesper
service at 4:15. A large attendance in
expected at these services, as more
students will he able to he on hand.
Rev. Charles Gardner will conduct the
services.
Morning prayers, formerly held at
7:50, has been changed to a vesper
service at 4:15. A large attendance in
expected at these services, as more
students will he able to he on hand.
Rev. Charles Gardner will conduct the
services.
Morning prayers, formerly held at
7:50, has been changed to a vesper
service at 4:15. A large attendance in
expected at these services, as more
students will he able to he on hand.
Rev. Charles Gardner will conduct the
services.
Morning prayers, formerly held at
7:50, has been changed to a vesper
service at 4:15. A large attendance in
expected at these services, as more
students will he able to he on hand.
Rev. Charles Gardner will conduct the
services.
Morning prayers, formerly held at
7:50, has been changed to a vesper
service at 4:15. A large attendance in
expected at these services, as more
students will he able to he on hand.
Rev. Charles Gardner will conduct the
services.
Morning prayers, formerly held at
7:50, has been changed to a vesper
service at 4:15. A large attendance in
expected at these services, as more
students will he able to he on hand.
Rev. Charles Gardner will conduct the
services.
Morning prayers, formerly held at
7:50, has been changed to a vesper
service at 4:15. A large attendance in
expected at these services, as more
students will he able to he on hand.
Rev. Charles Gardner will conduct the
services.
