# Adv. 5 Page 2
## 
### 
Say you saw it in The Daily.
PACIFIC SURPLUS
SALES
624 Emerson St.
DAvcnport 3-5080
Foot Lockers
3.95
also
Clothing — Camping Equip
ment — Tools — Bedding
Always welcome to browse
around
Say you saw it in The Daily.
PACIFIC SURPLUS
SALES
624 Emerson St.
DAvcnport 3-5080
Foot Lockers
3.95
also
Clothing — Camping Equip
ment — Tools — Bedding
Always welcome to browse
around
Say you saw it in The Daily.
PACIFIC SURPLUS
SALES
624 Emerson St.
DAvcnport 3-5080
Foot Lockers
3.95
also
Clothing — Camping Equip
ment — Tools — Bedding
Always welcome to browse
around
Say you saw it in The Daily.
PACIFIC SURPLUS
SALES
624 Emerson St.
DAvcnport 3-5080
Foot Lockers
3.95
also
Clothing — Camping Equip
ment — Tools — Bedding
Always welcome to browse
around
Say you saw it in The Daily.
PACIFIC SURPLUS
SALES
624 Emerson St.
DAvcnport 3-5080
Foot Lockers
3.95
also
Clothing — Camping Equip
ment — Tools — Bedding
Always welcome to browse
around
Say you saw it in The Daily.
PACIFIC SURPLUS
SALES
624 Emerson St.
DAvcnport 3-5080
Foot Lockers
3.95
also
Clothing — Camping Equip
ment — Tools — Bedding
Always welcome to browse
around
Say you saw it in The Daily.
PACIFIC SURPLUS
SALES
624 Emerson St.
DAvcnport 3-5080
Foot Lockers
3.95
also
Clothing — Camping Equip
ment — Tools — Bedding
Always welcome to browse
around
Say you saw it in The Daily.
PACIFIC SURPLUS
SALES
624 Emerson St.
DAvcnport 3-5080
Foot Lockers
3.95
also
Clothing — Camping Equip
ment — Tools — Bedding
Always welcome to browse
around
Say you saw it in The Daily.
PACIFIC SURPLUS
SALES
624 Emerson St.
DAvcnport 3-5080
Foot Lockers
3.95
also
Clothing — Camping Equip
ment — Tools — Bedding
Always welcome to browse
around
Say you saw it in The Daily.
PACIFIC SURPLUS
SALES
624 Emerson St.
DAvcnport 3-5080
Foot Lockers
3.95
also
Clothing — Camping Equip
ment — Tools — Bedding
Always welcome to browse
around
Say you saw it in The Daily.
PACIFIC SURPLUS
SALES
624 Emerson St.
DAvcnport 3-5080
Foot Lockers
3.95
also
Clothing — Camping Equip
ment — Tools — Bedding
Always welcome to browse
around
Say you saw it in The Daily.
PACIFIC SURPLUS
SALES
624 Emerson St.
DAvcnport 3-5080
Foot Lockers
3.95
also
Clothing — Camping Equip
ment — Tools — Bedding
Always welcome to browse
around
Say you saw it in The Daily.
PACIFIC SURPLUS
SALES
624 Emerson St.
DAvcnport 3-5080
Foot Lockers
3.95
also
Clothing — Camping Equip
ment — Tools — Bedding
Always welcome to browse
around
Say you saw it in The Daily.
PACIFIC SURPLUS
SALES
624 Emerson St.
DAvcnport 3-5080
Foot Lockers
3.95
also
Clothing — Camping Equip
ment — Tools — Bedding
Always welcome to browse
around
Say you saw it in The Daily.
PACIFIC SURPLUS
SALES
624 Emerson St.
DAvcnport 3-5080
Foot Lockers
3.95
also
Clothing — Camping Equip
ment — Tools — Bedding
Always welcome to browse
around
