# Committee Takes Action on Exams
## 
### 
With the arrival of final exams,
the Honor Code Standing Commit
-1 tee is preparing files of all previous
exams for use by the student body
in the library, committee chairman
Cal Newman announced yesterday.
"These files were instituted to
eliminate the advantages of 'pri
vate' collections of examinations,"
Newman stated. "With open files
in the library, everyone will have
equal opportunity to use old exams
for reviewing."
Instructors teaching classes of 50
or more students are requested to
forward five copies of their mid
terms and finals to Mr. Priddle in
care of the loan department of the
library.
"If desired, this can be done
through the departmental secre
taries. Departmental heads have
been contacted on this matter and
can supply additional information,"
Newman said.
