# Fog Envelopes Beach Party
## 
### 
Taking advantage of box lunches
furnished by the dining hall and
the promise of plenty of free re
freshments, 40 members of Encina
and Toyon plus their dates congre
gated in front of the Rio del Mai-
Beach Club Saturday afternoon for
an informal get-together.
In spite of a low overcast, the
group kept the party going with
football, baseball, and singing. A
few of the more hardy members
braved the icy water for a swim,
but the majority chose to stay close
to the bonfires built on the beach.
Because of the unexpected weath
er, the party broke up in the early
evening instead of continuing until
midnight, and most of the group
headed for home, the city, or back
to the campus to catch up on week
end studying.
Taking advantage of box lunches
furnished by the dining hall and
the promise of plenty of free re
freshments, 40 members of Encina
and Toyon plus their dates congre
gated in front of the Rio del Mai-
Beach Club Saturday afternoon for
an informal get-together.
In spite of a low overcast, the
group kept the party going with
football, baseball, and singing. A
few of the more hardy members
braved the icy water for a swim,
but the majority chose to stay close
to the bonfires built on the beach.
Because of the unexpected weath
er, the party broke up in the early
evening instead of continuing until
midnight, and most of the group
headed for home, the city, or back
to the campus to catch up on week
end studying.
Taking advantage of box lunches
furnished by the dining hall and
the promise of plenty of free re
freshments, 40 members of Encina
and Toyon plus their dates congre
gated in front of the Rio del Mai-
Beach Club Saturday afternoon for
an informal get-together.
In spite of a low overcast, the
group kept the party going with
football, baseball, and singing. A
few of the more hardy members
braved the icy water for a swim,
but the majority chose to stay close
to the bonfires built on the beach.
Because of the unexpected weath
er, the party broke up in the early
evening instead of continuing until
midnight, and most of the group
headed for home, the city, or back
to the campus to catch up on week
end studying.
Taking advantage of box lunches
furnished by the dining hall and
the promise of plenty of free re
freshments, 40 members of Encina
and Toyon plus their dates congre
gated in front of the Rio del Mai-
Beach Club Saturday afternoon for
an informal get-together.
In spite of a low overcast, the
group kept the party going with
football, baseball, and singing. A
few of the more hardy members
braved the icy water for a swim,
but the majority chose to stay close
to the bonfires built on the beach.
Because of the unexpected weath
er, the party broke up in the early
evening instead of continuing until
midnight, and most of the group
headed for home, the city, or back
to the campus to catch up on week
end studying.
Taking advantage of box lunches
furnished by the dining hall and
the promise of plenty of free re
freshments, 40 members of Encina
and Toyon plus their dates congre
gated in front of the Rio del Mai-
Beach Club Saturday afternoon for
an informal get-together.
In spite of a low overcast, the
group kept the party going with
football, baseball, and singing. A
few of the more hardy members
braved the icy water for a swim,
but the majority chose to stay close
to the bonfires built on the beach.
Because of the unexpected weath
er, the party broke up in the early
evening instead of continuing until
midnight, and most of the group
headed for home, the city, or back
to the campus to catch up on week
end studying.
Taking advantage of box lunches
furnished by the dining hall and
the promise of plenty of free re
freshments, 40 members of Encina
and Toyon plus their dates congre
gated in front of the Rio del Mai-
Beach Club Saturday afternoon for
an informal get-together.
In spite of a low overcast, the
group kept the party going with
football, baseball, and singing. A
few of the more hardy members
braved the icy water for a swim,
but the majority chose to stay close
to the bonfires built on the beach.
Because of the unexpected weath
er, the party broke up in the early
evening instead of continuing until
midnight, and most of the group
headed for home, the city, or back
to the campus to catch up on week
end studying.
Taking advantage of box lunches
furnished by the dining hall and
the promise of plenty of free re
freshments, 40 members of Encina
and Toyon plus their dates congre
gated in front of the Rio del Mai-
Beach Club Saturday afternoon for
an informal get-together.
In spite of a low overcast, the
group kept the party going with
football, baseball, and singing. A
few of the more hardy members
braved the icy water for a swim,
but the majority chose to stay close
to the bonfires built on the beach.
Because of the unexpected weath
er, the party broke up in the early
evening instead of continuing until
midnight, and most of the group
headed for home, the city, or back
to the campus to catch up on week
end studying.
Taking advantage of box lunches
furnished by the dining hall and
the promise of plenty of free re
freshments, 40 members of Encina
and Toyon plus their dates congre
gated in front of the Rio del Mai-
Beach Club Saturday afternoon for
an informal get-together.
In spite of a low overcast, the
group kept the party going with
football, baseball, and singing. A
few of the more hardy members
braved the icy water for a swim,
but the majority chose to stay close
to the bonfires built on the beach.
Because of the unexpected weath
er, the party broke up in the early
evening instead of continuing until
midnight, and most of the group
headed for home, the city, or back
to the campus to catch up on week
end studying.
Taking advantage of box lunches
furnished by the dining hall and
the promise of plenty of free re
freshments, 40 members of Encina
and Toyon plus their dates congre
gated in front of the Rio del Mai-
Beach Club Saturday afternoon for
an informal get-together.
In spite of a low overcast, the
group kept the party going with
football, baseball, and singing. A
few of the more hardy members
braved the icy water for a swim,
but the majority chose to stay close
to the bonfires built on the beach.
Because of the unexpected weath
er, the party broke up in the early
evening instead of continuing until
midnight, and most of the group
headed for home, the city, or back
to the campus to catch up on week
end studying.
Taking advantage of box lunches
furnished by the dining hall and
the promise of plenty of free re
freshments, 40 members of Encina
and Toyon plus their dates congre
gated in front of the Rio del Mai-
Beach Club Saturday afternoon for
an informal get-together.
In spite of a low overcast, the
group kept the party going with
football, baseball, and singing. A
few of the more hardy members
braved the icy water for a swim,
but the majority chose to stay close
to the bonfires built on the beach.
Because of the unexpected weath
er, the party broke up in the early
evening instead of continuing until
midnight, and most of the group
headed for home, the city, or back
to the campus to catch up on week
end studying.
Taking advantage of box lunches
furnished by the dining hall and
the promise of plenty of free re
freshments, 40 members of Encina
and Toyon plus their dates congre
gated in front of the Rio del Mai-
Beach Club Saturday afternoon for
an informal get-together.
In spite of a low overcast, the
group kept the party going with
football, baseball, and singing. A
few of the more hardy members
braved the icy water for a swim,
but the majority chose to stay close
to the bonfires built on the beach.
Because of the unexpected weath
er, the party broke up in the early
evening instead of continuing until
midnight, and most of the group
headed for home, the city, or back
to the campus to catch up on week
end studying.
Taking advantage of box lunches
furnished by the dining hall and
the promise of plenty of free re
freshments, 40 members of Encina
and Toyon plus their dates congre
gated in front of the Rio del Mai-
Beach Club Saturday afternoon for
an informal get-together.
In spite of a low overcast, the
group kept the party going with
football, baseball, and singing. A
few of the more hardy members
braved the icy water for a swim,
but the majority chose to stay close
to the bonfires built on the beach.
Because of the unexpected weath
er, the party broke up in the early
evening instead of continuing until
midnight, and most of the group
headed for home, the city, or back
to the campus to catch up on week
end studying.
Taking advantage of box lunches
furnished by the dining hall and
the promise of plenty of free re
freshments, 40 members of Encina
and Toyon plus their dates congre
gated in front of the Rio del Mai-
Beach Club Saturday afternoon for
an informal get-together.
In spite of a low overcast, the
group kept the party going with
football, baseball, and singing. A
few of the more hardy members
braved the icy water for a swim,
but the majority chose to stay close
to the bonfires built on the beach.
Because of the unexpected weath
er, the party broke up in the early
evening instead of continuing until
midnight, and most of the group
headed for home, the city, or back
to the campus to catch up on week
end studying.
Taking advantage of box lunches
furnished by the dining hall and
the promise of plenty of free re
freshments, 40 members of Encina
and Toyon plus their dates congre
gated in front of the Rio del Mai-
Beach Club Saturday afternoon for
an informal get-together.
In spite of a low overcast, the
group kept the party going with
football, baseball, and singing. A
few of the more hardy members
braved the icy water for a swim,
but the majority chose to stay close
to the bonfires built on the beach.
Because of the unexpected weath
er, the party broke up in the early
evening instead of continuing until
midnight, and most of the group
headed for home, the city, or back
to the campus to catch up on week
end studying.
Taking advantage of box lunches
furnished by the dining hall and
the promise of plenty of free re
freshments, 40 members of Encina
and Toyon plus their dates congre
gated in front of the Rio del Mai-
Beach Club Saturday afternoon for
an informal get-together.
In spite of a low overcast, the
group kept the party going with
football, baseball, and singing. A
few of the more hardy members
braved the icy water for a swim,
but the majority chose to stay close
to the bonfires built on the beach.
Because of the unexpected weath
er, the party broke up in the early
evening instead of continuing until
midnight, and most of the group
headed for home, the city, or back
to the campus to catch up on week
end studying.
