# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A freshman at Harvard, Jim
Connelly, paid his own way to the
Olympics in 1896. He became not
only the first American Olympic
champion but also ihe first Olympic
champion crowned in more than 15
centuries.
A freshman at Harvard, Jim
Connelly, paid his own way to the
Olympics in 1896. He became not
only the first American Olympic
champion but also ihe first Olympic
champion crowned in more than 15
centuries.
A freshman at Harvard, Jim
Connelly, paid his own way to the
Olympics in 1896. He became not
only the first American Olympic
champion but also ihe first Olympic
champion crowned in more than 15
centuries.
A freshman at Harvard, Jim
Connelly, paid his own way to the
Olympics in 1896. He became not
only the first American Olympic
champion but also ihe first Olympic
champion crowned in more than 15
centuries.
A freshman at Harvard, Jim
Connelly, paid his own way to the
Olympics in 1896. He became not
only the first American Olympic
champion but also ihe first Olympic
champion crowned in more than 15
centuries.
A freshman at Harvard, Jim
Connelly, paid his own way to the
Olympics in 1896. He became not
only the first American Olympic
champion but also ihe first Olympic
champion crowned in more than 15
centuries.
A freshman at Harvard, Jim
Connelly, paid his own way to the
Olympics in 1896. He became not
only the first American Olympic
champion but also ihe first Olympic
champion crowned in more than 15
centuries.
A freshman at Harvard, Jim
Connelly, paid his own way to the
Olympics in 1896. He became not
only the first American Olympic
champion but also ihe first Olympic
champion crowned in more than 15
centuries.
A freshman at Harvard, Jim
Connelly, paid his own way to the
Olympics in 1896. He became not
only the first American Olympic
champion but also ihe first Olympic
champion crowned in more than 15
centuries.
A freshman at Harvard, Jim
Connelly, paid his own way to the
Olympics in 1896. He became not
only the first American Olympic
champion but also ihe first Olympic
champion crowned in more than 15
centuries.
A freshman at Harvard, Jim
Connelly, paid his own way to the
Olympics in 1896. He became not
only the first American Olympic
champion but also ihe first Olympic
champion crowned in more than 15
centuries.
A freshman at Harvard, Jim
Connelly, paid his own way to the
Olympics in 1896. He became not
only the first American Olympic
champion but also ihe first Olympic
champion crowned in more than 15
centuries.
A freshman at Harvard, Jim
Connelly, paid his own way to the
Olympics in 1896. He became not
only the first American Olympic
champion but also ihe first Olympic
champion crowned in more than 15
centuries.
A freshman at Harvard, Jim
Connelly, paid his own way to the
Olympics in 1896. He became not
only the first American Olympic
champion but also ihe first Olympic
champion crowned in more than 15
centuries.
A freshman at Harvard, Jim
Connelly, paid his own way to the
Olympics in 1896. He became not
only the first American Olympic
champion but also ihe first Olympic
champion crowned in more than 15
centuries.
