# Seniors!
## 
### 
Get keyed for tonight's
senior class New Year's
Eve Party. Dancing 7:30-
12:30 to the Lavemiar Hill
Mob. Free admission with
class card. (Others: 50c.)
Cheap l>eer, traditional
New Year's Eve revelry.
All come stag!
The Red Hat, 321 Cali
fornia. Class cards avail
able at door: $1.

Get keyed for tonight's
senior class New Year's
Eve Party. Dancing 7:30-
12:30 to the Lavemiar Hill
Mob. Free admission with
class card. (Others: 50c.)
Cheap l>eer, traditional
New Year's Eve revelry.
All come stag!
The Red Hat, 321 Cali
fornia. Class cards avail
able at door: $1.

Get keyed for tonight's
senior class New Year's
Eve Party. Dancing 7:30-
12:30 to the Lavemiar Hill
Mob. Free admission with
class card. (Others: 50c.)
Cheap l>eer, traditional
New Year's Eve revelry.
All come stag!
The Red Hat, 321 Cali
fornia. Class cards avail
able at door: $1.

Get keyed for tonight's
senior class New Year's
Eve Party. Dancing 7:30-
12:30 to the Lavemiar Hill
Mob. Free admission with
class card. (Others: 50c.)
Cheap l>eer, traditional
New Year's Eve revelry.
All come stag!
The Red Hat, 321 Cali
fornia. Class cards avail
able at door: $1.

Get keyed for tonight's
senior class New Year's
Eve Party. Dancing 7:30-
12:30 to the Lavemiar Hill
Mob. Free admission with
class card. (Others: 50c.)
Cheap l>eer, traditional
New Year's Eve revelry.
All come stag!
The Red Hat, 321 Cali
fornia. Class cards avail
able at door: $1.

Get keyed for tonight's
senior class New Year's
Eve Party. Dancing 7:30-
12:30 to the Lavemiar Hill
Mob. Free admission with
class card. (Others: 50c.)
Cheap l>eer, traditional
New Year's Eve revelry.
All come stag!
The Red Hat, 321 Cali
fornia. Class cards avail
able at door: $1.

Get keyed for tonight's
senior class New Year's
Eve Party. Dancing 7:30-
12:30 to the Lavemiar Hill
Mob. Free admission with
class card. (Others: 50c.)
Cheap l>eer, traditional
New Year's Eve revelry.
All come stag!
The Red Hat, 321 Cali
fornia. Class cards avail
able at door: $1.

Get keyed for tonight's
senior class New Year's
Eve Party. Dancing 7:30-
12:30 to the Lavemiar Hill
Mob. Free admission with
class card. (Others: 50c.)
Cheap l>eer, traditional
New Year's Eve revelry.
All come stag!
The Red Hat, 321 Cali
fornia. Class cards avail
able at door: $1.

Get keyed for tonight's
senior class New Year's
Eve Party. Dancing 7:30-
12:30 to the Lavemiar Hill
Mob. Free admission with
class card. (Others: 50c.)
Cheap l>eer, traditional
New Year's Eve revelry.
All come stag!
The Red Hat, 321 Cali
fornia. Class cards avail
able at door: $1.

Get keyed for tonight's
senior class New Year's
Eve Party. Dancing 7:30-
12:30 to the Lavemiar Hill
Mob. Free admission with
class card. (Others: 50c.)
Cheap l>eer, traditional
New Year's Eve revelry.
All come stag!
The Red Hat, 321 Cali
fornia. Class cards avail
able at door: $1.

Get keyed for tonight's
senior class New Year's
Eve Party. Dancing 7:30-
12:30 to the Lavemiar Hill
Mob. Free admission with
class card. (Others: 50c.)
Cheap l>eer, traditional
New Year's Eve revelry.
All come stag!
The Red Hat, 321 Cali
fornia. Class cards avail
able at door: $1.

Get keyed for tonight's
senior class New Year's
Eve Party. Dancing 7:30-
12:30 to the Lavemiar Hill
Mob. Free admission with
class card. (Others: 50c.)
Cheap l>eer, traditional
New Year's Eve revelry.
All come stag!
The Red Hat, 321 Cali
fornia. Class cards avail
able at door: $1.

Get keyed for tonight's
senior class New Year's
Eve Party. Dancing 7:30-
12:30 to the Lavemiar Hill
Mob. Free admission with
class card. (Others: 50c.)
Cheap l>eer, traditional
New Year's Eve revelry.
All come stag!
The Red Hat, 321 Cali
fornia. Class cards avail
able at door: $1.

Get keyed for tonight's
senior class New Year's
Eve Party. Dancing 7:30-
12:30 to the Lavemiar Hill
Mob. Free admission with
class card. (Others: 50c.)
Cheap l>eer, traditional
New Year's Eve revelry.
All come stag!
The Red Hat, 321 Cali
fornia. Class cards avail
able at door: $1.

Get keyed for tonight's
senior class New Year's
Eve Party. Dancing 7:30-
12:30 to the Lavemiar Hill
Mob. Free admission with
class card. (Others: 50c.)
Cheap l>eer, traditional
New Year's Eve revelry.
All come stag!
The Red Hat, 321 Cali
fornia. Class cards avail
able at door: $1.

Get keyed for tonight's
senior class New Year's
Eve Party. Dancing 7:30-
12:30 to the Lavemiar Hill
Mob. Free admission with
class card. (Others: 50c.)
Cheap l>eer, traditional
New Year's Eve revelry.
All come stag!
The Red Hat, 321 Cali
fornia. Class cards avail
able at door: $1.

