# Camp Blocks
## 
### 

Daily Photo by Bruce Howard
Varsity soccer goalie Mike Camp,
playing only his second game,
makes a fantastic save against
the University of San Francisco
Saturday in a game the Cards
lost 3-1. John Cox scored the
only Indian goal on a penalty
Idck. It was USF*s lowest score
of the year.

Daily Photo by Bruce Howard
Varsity soccer goalie Mike Camp,
playing only his second game,
makes a fantastic save against
the University of San Francisco
Saturday in a game the Cards
lost 3-1. John Cox scored the
only Indian goal on a penalty
Idck. It was USF*s lowest score
of the year.

Daily Photo by Bruce Howard
Varsity soccer goalie Mike Camp,
playing only his second game,
makes a fantastic save against
the University of San Francisco
Saturday in a game the Cards
lost 3-1. John Cox scored the
only Indian goal on a penalty
Idck. It was USF*s lowest score
of the year.

Daily Photo by Bruce Howard
Varsity soccer goalie Mike Camp,
playing only his second game,
makes a fantastic save against
the University of San Francisco
Saturday in a game the Cards
lost 3-1. John Cox scored the
only Indian goal on a penalty
Idck. It was USF*s lowest score
of the year.

Daily Photo by Bruce Howard
Varsity soccer goalie Mike Camp,
playing only his second game,
makes a fantastic save against
the University of San Francisco
Saturday in a game the Cards
lost 3-1. John Cox scored the
only Indian goal on a penalty
Idck. It was USF*s lowest score
of the year.

Daily Photo by Bruce Howard
Varsity soccer goalie Mike Camp,
playing only his second game,
makes a fantastic save against
the University of San Francisco
Saturday in a game the Cards
lost 3-1. John Cox scored the
only Indian goal on a penalty
Idck. It was USF*s lowest score
of the year.

Daily Photo by Bruce Howard
Varsity soccer goalie Mike Camp,
playing only his second game,
makes a fantastic save against
the University of San Francisco
Saturday in a game the Cards
lost 3-1. John Cox scored the
only Indian goal on a penalty
Idck. It was USF*s lowest score
of the year.

Daily Photo by Bruce Howard
Varsity soccer goalie Mike Camp,
playing only his second game,
makes a fantastic save against
the University of San Francisco
Saturday in a game the Cards
lost 3-1. John Cox scored the
only Indian goal on a penalty
Idck. It was USF*s lowest score
of the year.

Daily Photo by Bruce Howard
Varsity soccer goalie Mike Camp,
playing only his second game,
makes a fantastic save against
the University of San Francisco
Saturday in a game the Cards
lost 3-1. John Cox scored the
only Indian goal on a penalty
Idck. It was USF*s lowest score
of the year.

Daily Photo by Bruce Howard
Varsity soccer goalie Mike Camp,
playing only his second game,
makes a fantastic save against
the University of San Francisco
Saturday in a game the Cards
lost 3-1. John Cox scored the
only Indian goal on a penalty
Idck. It was USF*s lowest score
of the year.

Daily Photo by Bruce Howard
Varsity soccer goalie Mike Camp,
playing only his second game,
makes a fantastic save against
the University of San Francisco
Saturday in a game the Cards
lost 3-1. John Cox scored the
only Indian goal on a penalty
Idck. It was USF*s lowest score
of the year.

Daily Photo by Bruce Howard
Varsity soccer goalie Mike Camp,
playing only his second game,
makes a fantastic save against
the University of San Francisco
Saturday in a game the Cards
lost 3-1. John Cox scored the
only Indian goal on a penalty
Idck. It was USF*s lowest score
of the year.

Daily Photo by Bruce Howard
Varsity soccer goalie Mike Camp,
playing only his second game,
makes a fantastic save against
the University of San Francisco
Saturday in a game the Cards
lost 3-1. John Cox scored the
only Indian goal on a penalty
Idck. It was USF*s lowest score
of the year.

Daily Photo by Bruce Howard
Varsity soccer goalie Mike Camp,
playing only his second game,
makes a fantastic save against
the University of San Francisco
Saturday in a game the Cards
lost 3-1. John Cox scored the
only Indian goal on a penalty
Idck. It was USF*s lowest score
of the year.

Daily Photo by Bruce Howard
Varsity soccer goalie Mike Camp,
playing only his second game,
makes a fantastic save against
the University of San Francisco
Saturday in a game the Cards
lost 3-1. John Cox scored the
only Indian goal on a penalty
Idck. It was USF*s lowest score
of the year.

Daily Photo by Bruce Howard
Varsity soccer goalie Mike Camp,
playing only his second game,
makes a fantastic save against
the University of San Francisco
Saturday in a game the Cards
lost 3-1. John Cox scored the
only Indian goal on a penalty
Idck. It was USF*s lowest score
of the year.
