# Medical Care Plan Assailed by GOP
## 
### 
WASHINGTON. Feb. 13 (/P)â€”Re
publicans charted today an all-out ,
fight on President Truman's call for;
universal medical care insurance.
Senator Taft (R-Ohio) told a re
porter he expects the Senate Labor <
Committee to take lip the health in
surance question after it has acted
on a substitute for the Taft-Hartley
Labor Law.
The Ohio senator said he will be
ready with lus own version, under i
which the federal government would j
help states finance voluntary health
insurance programs.
In Chicago, the American Medical
Association produced its own pro
gram. embracing federal and local
levels. It calls for coordination of
federal health activities by a new
cabinet rank department, expansion
of voluntary hospital and medical !
care plans, and a medical care au- :
thority in each state.
