# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Hank Luisetti and Jim Pollard,
former Stanford forwards, hit both
on the Southern Division all-time
PCC quintet.
Hank Luisetti and Jim Pollard,
former Stanford forwards, hit both
on the Southern Division all-time
PCC quintet.
Hank Luisetti and Jim Pollard,
former Stanford forwards, hit both
on the Southern Division all-time
PCC quintet.
Hank Luisetti and Jim Pollard,
former Stanford forwards, hit both
on the Southern Division all-time
PCC quintet.
Hank Luisetti and Jim Pollard,
former Stanford forwards, hit both
on the Southern Division all-time
PCC quintet.
Hank Luisetti and Jim Pollard,
former Stanford forwards, hit both
on the Southern Division all-time
PCC quintet.
Hank Luisetti and Jim Pollard,
former Stanford forwards, hit both
on the Southern Division all-time
PCC quintet.
Hank Luisetti and Jim Pollard,
former Stanford forwards, hit both
on the Southern Division all-time
PCC quintet.
Hank Luisetti and Jim Pollard,
former Stanford forwards, hit both
on the Southern Division all-time
PCC quintet.
Hank Luisetti and Jim Pollard,
former Stanford forwards, hit both
on the Southern Division all-time
PCC quintet.
Hank Luisetti and Jim Pollard,
former Stanford forwards, hit both
on the Southern Division all-time
PCC quintet.
Hank Luisetti and Jim Pollard,
former Stanford forwards, hit both
on the Southern Division all-time
PCC quintet.
Hank Luisetti and Jim Pollard,
former Stanford forwards, hit both
on the Southern Division all-time
PCC quintet.
Hank Luisetti and Jim Pollard,
former Stanford forwards, hit both
on the Southern Division all-time
PCC quintet.
Hank Luisetti and Jim Pollard,
former Stanford forwards, hit both
on the Southern Division all-time
PCC quintet.
