# Letters to the Editor
## 
### 
To the Editor:
Far worse "than a journalism pro
lessor the other day who couldn't
answer one of his pupils' questions
about what a 'raised square' was" is
the alleged columnist in The Stan
ford Daily who panned an instructor
without checking the facts.
The definition of a "raised square"
is not "one of the definitions the stu
dents have to learn for that class."
As far as anyone can tell, the term
"raised square was invented by the
student who asked the question.
There may be such a thing; so tfar
no one has tracked it down in any
journalism book or printer's vocabu
lary.
Perhaps would-be columnist Loef
felbein can tell us what a "raised
square is. Or is he the personifica
tion of the definition in question?
JOHN E. MANNING
