# Business School Dean To Speak in New York
## 
### 
J. Hush Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, left
Saturday for New York City to ad
dress the Kiwanis Club of New York
Wednesday. Dean Jackson is treas
urer of Kiwanis International.
Kturning by way of Chicago, he
will attend a meeting of the finance
committee of Kiwanis International j
and a board of trustees conference J
on Feb. 21-22.
J. Hush Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, left
Saturday for New York City to ad
dress the Kiwanis Club of New York
Wednesday. Dean Jackson is treas
urer of Kiwanis International.
Kturning by way of Chicago, he
will attend a meeting of the finance
committee of Kiwanis International j
and a board of trustees conference J
on Feb. 21-22.
J. Hush Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, left
Saturday for New York City to ad
dress the Kiwanis Club of New York
Wednesday. Dean Jackson is treas
urer of Kiwanis International.
Kturning by way of Chicago, he
will attend a meeting of the finance
committee of Kiwanis International j
and a board of trustees conference J
on Feb. 21-22.
J. Hush Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, left
Saturday for New York City to ad
dress the Kiwanis Club of New York
Wednesday. Dean Jackson is treas
urer of Kiwanis International.
Kturning by way of Chicago, he
will attend a meeting of the finance
committee of Kiwanis International j
and a board of trustees conference J
on Feb. 21-22.
J. Hush Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, left
Saturday for New York City to ad
dress the Kiwanis Club of New York
Wednesday. Dean Jackson is treas
urer of Kiwanis International.
Kturning by way of Chicago, he
will attend a meeting of the finance
committee of Kiwanis International j
and a board of trustees conference J
on Feb. 21-22.
J. Hush Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, left
Saturday for New York City to ad
dress the Kiwanis Club of New York
Wednesday. Dean Jackson is treas
urer of Kiwanis International.
Kturning by way of Chicago, he
will attend a meeting of the finance
committee of Kiwanis International j
and a board of trustees conference J
on Feb. 21-22.
J. Hush Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, left
Saturday for New York City to ad
dress the Kiwanis Club of New York
Wednesday. Dean Jackson is treas
urer of Kiwanis International.
Kturning by way of Chicago, he
will attend a meeting of the finance
committee of Kiwanis International j
and a board of trustees conference J
on Feb. 21-22.
J. Hush Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, left
Saturday for New York City to ad
dress the Kiwanis Club of New York
Wednesday. Dean Jackson is treas
urer of Kiwanis International.
Kturning by way of Chicago, he
will attend a meeting of the finance
committee of Kiwanis International j
and a board of trustees conference J
on Feb. 21-22.
J. Hush Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, left
Saturday for New York City to ad
dress the Kiwanis Club of New York
Wednesday. Dean Jackson is treas
urer of Kiwanis International.
Kturning by way of Chicago, he
will attend a meeting of the finance
committee of Kiwanis International j
and a board of trustees conference J
on Feb. 21-22.
J. Hush Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, left
Saturday for New York City to ad
dress the Kiwanis Club of New York
Wednesday. Dean Jackson is treas
urer of Kiwanis International.
Kturning by way of Chicago, he
will attend a meeting of the finance
committee of Kiwanis International j
and a board of trustees conference J
on Feb. 21-22.
J. Hush Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, left
Saturday for New York City to ad
dress the Kiwanis Club of New York
Wednesday. Dean Jackson is treas
urer of Kiwanis International.
Kturning by way of Chicago, he
will attend a meeting of the finance
committee of Kiwanis International j
and a board of trustees conference J
on Feb. 21-22.
J. Hush Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, left
Saturday for New York City to ad
dress the Kiwanis Club of New York
Wednesday. Dean Jackson is treas
urer of Kiwanis International.
Kturning by way of Chicago, he
will attend a meeting of the finance
committee of Kiwanis International j
and a board of trustees conference J
on Feb. 21-22.
J. Hush Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, left
Saturday for New York City to ad
dress the Kiwanis Club of New York
Wednesday. Dean Jackson is treas
urer of Kiwanis International.
Kturning by way of Chicago, he
will attend a meeting of the finance
committee of Kiwanis International j
and a board of trustees conference J
on Feb. 21-22.
J. Hush Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, left
Saturday for New York City to ad
dress the Kiwanis Club of New York
Wednesday. Dean Jackson is treas
urer of Kiwanis International.
Kturning by way of Chicago, he
will attend a meeting of the finance
committee of Kiwanis International j
and a board of trustees conference J
on Feb. 21-22.
J. Hush Jackson, dean of the
Graduate School of Business, left
Saturday for New York City to ad
dress the Kiwanis Club of New York
Wednesday. Dean Jackson is treas
urer of Kiwanis International.
Kturning by way of Chicago, he
will attend a meeting of the finance
committee of Kiwanis International j
and a board of trustees conference J
on Feb. 21-22.
