# Adv. 18 Page 7
## 
### 
EASY
MONEY!
Want to make an easy $5 for V2 hour of
work or $10 for 1 hour prior to the USC
game? The first 10 people to call 494-
2588 will be hired. Meet at gate 2 to
distribute the CARDINAL TODAY 1 hour
before the game!
EASY
MONEY!
Want to make an easy $5 for V2 hour of
work or $10 for 1 hour prior to the USC
game? The first 10 people to call 494-
2588 will be hired. Meet at gate 2 to
distribute the CARDINAL TODAY 1 hour
before the game!
EASY
MONEY!
Want to make an easy $5 for V2 hour of
work or $10 for 1 hour prior to the USC
game? The first 10 people to call 494-
2588 will be hired. Meet at gate 2 to
distribute the CARDINAL TODAY 1 hour
before the game!
EASY
MONEY!
Want to make an easy $5 for V2 hour of
work or $10 for 1 hour prior to the USC
game? The first 10 people to call 494-
2588 will be hired. Meet at gate 2 to
distribute the CARDINAL TODAY 1 hour
before the game!
EASY
MONEY!
Want to make an easy $5 for V2 hour of
work or $10 for 1 hour prior to the USC
game? The first 10 people to call 494-
2588 will be hired. Meet at gate 2 to
distribute the CARDINAL TODAY 1 hour
before the game!
EASY
MONEY!
Want to make an easy $5 for V2 hour of
work or $10 for 1 hour prior to the USC
game? The first 10 people to call 494-
2588 will be hired. Meet at gate 2 to
distribute the CARDINAL TODAY 1 hour
before the game!
EASY
MONEY!
Want to make an easy $5 for V2 hour of
work or $10 for 1 hour prior to the USC
game? The first 10 people to call 494-
2588 will be hired. Meet at gate 2 to
distribute the CARDINAL TODAY 1 hour
before the game!
EASY
MONEY!
Want to make an easy $5 for V2 hour of
work or $10 for 1 hour prior to the USC
game? The first 10 people to call 494-
2588 will be hired. Meet at gate 2 to
distribute the CARDINAL TODAY 1 hour
before the game!
