# Untitled Article
## 
### 
4t (ho meeting of Alpha Literary
Society Saturday evening, J. 11.
Outcalt, '90, Nello Johnson, '96,
and Grant L. Williams,'9o, were
elected representatives in the pre
liminary debates for the intercol
legiate contests.
4t (ho meeting of Alpha Literary
Society Saturday evening, J. 11.
Outcalt, '90, Nello Johnson, '96,
and Grant L. Williams,'9o, were
elected representatives in the pre
liminary debates for the intercol
legiate contests.
4t (ho meeting of Alpha Literary
Society Saturday evening, J. 11.
Outcalt, '90, Nello Johnson, '96,
and Grant L. Williams,'9o, were
elected representatives in the pre
liminary debates for the intercol
legiate contests.
4t (ho meeting of Alpha Literary
Society Saturday evening, J. 11.
Outcalt, '90, Nello Johnson, '96,
and Grant L. Williams,'9o, were
elected representatives in the pre
liminary debates for the intercol
legiate contests.
