# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Exactly 27.3 per cent of the student
body of the University of California
were given treatment last year at the
U.C. infirmary.
Exactly 27.3 per cent of the student
body of the University of California
were given treatment last year at the
U.C. infirmary.
Exactly 27.3 per cent of the student
body of the University of California
were given treatment last year at the
U.C. infirmary.
Exactly 27.3 per cent of the student
body of the University of California
were given treatment last year at the
U.C. infirmary.
Exactly 27.3 per cent of the student
body of the University of California
were given treatment last year at the
U.C. infirmary.
Exactly 27.3 per cent of the student
body of the University of California
were given treatment last year at the
U.C. infirmary.
Exactly 27.3 per cent of the student
body of the University of California
were given treatment last year at the
U.C. infirmary.
Exactly 27.3 per cent of the student
body of the University of California
were given treatment last year at the
U.C. infirmary.
Exactly 27.3 per cent of the student
body of the University of California
were given treatment last year at the
U.C. infirmary.
Exactly 27.3 per cent of the student
body of the University of California
were given treatment last year at the
U.C. infirmary.
Exactly 27.3 per cent of the student
body of the University of California
were given treatment last year at the
U.C. infirmary.
Exactly 27.3 per cent of the student
body of the University of California
were given treatment last year at the
U.C. infirmary.
Exactly 27.3 per cent of the student
body of the University of California
were given treatment last year at the
U.C. infirmary.
Exactly 27.3 per cent of the student
body of the University of California
were given treatment last year at the
U.C. infirmary.
Exactly 27.3 per cent of the student
body of the University of California
were given treatment last year at the
U.C. infirmary.
