# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Effects of the heat upon reinforced
concrete chimneys are being tested at
the University of Wisconsin College
of Engineering.
Effects of the heat upon reinforced
concrete chimneys are being tested at
the University of Wisconsin College
of Engineering.
Effects of the heat upon reinforced
concrete chimneys are being tested at
the University of Wisconsin College
of Engineering.
Effects of the heat upon reinforced
concrete chimneys are being tested at
the University of Wisconsin College
of Engineering.
Effects of the heat upon reinforced
concrete chimneys are being tested at
the University of Wisconsin College
of Engineering.
Effects of the heat upon reinforced
concrete chimneys are being tested at
the University of Wisconsin College
of Engineering.
Effects of the heat upon reinforced
concrete chimneys are being tested at
the University of Wisconsin College
of Engineering.
Effects of the heat upon reinforced
concrete chimneys are being tested at
the University of Wisconsin College
of Engineering.
Effects of the heat upon reinforced
concrete chimneys are being tested at
the University of Wisconsin College
of Engineering.
Effects of the heat upon reinforced
concrete chimneys are being tested at
the University of Wisconsin College
of Engineering.
Effects of the heat upon reinforced
concrete chimneys are being tested at
the University of Wisconsin College
of Engineering.
Effects of the heat upon reinforced
concrete chimneys are being tested at
the University of Wisconsin College
of Engineering.
Effects of the heat upon reinforced
concrete chimneys are being tested at
the University of Wisconsin College
of Engineering.
Effects of the heat upon reinforced
concrete chimneys are being tested at
the University of Wisconsin College
of Engineering.
Effects of the heat upon reinforced
concrete chimneys are being tested at
the University of Wisconsin College
of Engineering.
