# HOOVER WAR LIBRARY RECEIVES COLLECTION OF SOCIALIST PAPERS
## 
### 
Rare British newspaper and period
icals of the radical type, issued dur
ing the World War period, are now
available for reference at the Hoover
War Library. 1 his last shipment was
collected at the instigation of Profes
sor C. F. Brand of the Stanford De
partment of History and contains
copies of tiie London Call and other
labor and socialistic periodicals.
The periodical collections include
reports of the Annual Conferences of
the Independent Labor Parties, Social
istic Review, Independent Labor Party
Pamphlets, Labor Party Yearbooks,
Reports of the Annual Conferences,
Reports of the Executive Committee,
Labor Research Department Monthly
Circular, Reports of Trade Union
Congresses. r Among tlio newspapers
are the Daily Citizen, Call, Forward,
Rare British newspaper and period
icals of the radical type, issued dur
ing the World War period, are now
available for reference at the Hoover
War Library. 1 his last shipment was
collected at the instigation of Profes
sor C. F. Brand of the Stanford De
partment of History and contains
copies of tiie London Call and other
labor and socialistic periodicals.
The periodical collections include
reports of the Annual Conferences of
the Independent Labor Parties, Social
istic Review, Independent Labor Party
Pamphlets, Labor Party Yearbooks,
Reports of the Annual Conferences,
Reports of the Executive Committee,
Labor Research Department Monthly
Circular, Reports of Trade Union
Congresses. r Among tlio newspapers
are the Daily Citizen, Call, Forward,
Rare British newspaper and period
icals of the radical type, issued dur
ing the World War period, are now
available for reference at the Hoover
War Library. 1 his last shipment was
collected at the instigation of Profes
sor C. F. Brand of the Stanford De
partment of History and contains
copies of tiie London Call and other
labor and socialistic periodicals.
The periodical collections include
reports of the Annual Conferences of
the Independent Labor Parties, Social
istic Review, Independent Labor Party
Pamphlets, Labor Party Yearbooks,
Reports of the Annual Conferences,
Reports of the Executive Committee,
Labor Research Department Monthly
Circular, Reports of Trade Union
Congresses. r Among tlio newspapers
are the Daily Citizen, Call, Forward,
Rare British newspaper and period
icals of the radical type, issued dur
ing the World War period, are now
available for reference at the Hoover
War Library. 1 his last shipment was
collected at the instigation of Profes
sor C. F. Brand of the Stanford De
partment of History and contains
copies of tiie London Call and other
labor and socialistic periodicals.
The periodical collections include
reports of the Annual Conferences of
the Independent Labor Parties, Social
istic Review, Independent Labor Party
Pamphlets, Labor Party Yearbooks,
Reports of the Annual Conferences,
Reports of the Executive Committee,
Labor Research Department Monthly
Circular, Reports of Trade Union
Congresses. r Among tlio newspapers
are the Daily Citizen, Call, Forward,
Rare British newspaper and period
icals of the radical type, issued dur
ing the World War period, are now
available for reference at the Hoover
War Library. 1 his last shipment was
collected at the instigation of Profes
sor C. F. Brand of the Stanford De
partment of History and contains
copies of tiie London Call and other
labor and socialistic periodicals.
The periodical collections include
reports of the Annual Conferences of
the Independent Labor Parties, Social
istic Review, Independent Labor Party
Pamphlets, Labor Party Yearbooks,
Reports of the Annual Conferences,
Reports of the Executive Committee,
Labor Research Department Monthly
Circular, Reports of Trade Union
Congresses. r Among tlio newspapers
are the Daily Citizen, Call, Forward,
Rare British newspaper and period
icals of the radical type, issued dur
ing the World War period, are now
available for reference at the Hoover
War Library. 1 his last shipment was
collected at the instigation of Profes
sor C. F. Brand of the Stanford De
partment of History and contains
copies of tiie London Call and other
labor and socialistic periodicals.
The periodical collections include
reports of the Annual Conferences of
the Independent Labor Parties, Social
istic Review, Independent Labor Party
Pamphlets, Labor Party Yearbooks,
Reports of the Annual Conferences,
Reports of the Executive Committee,
Labor Research Department Monthly
Circular, Reports of Trade Union
Congresses. r Among tlio newspapers
are the Daily Citizen, Call, Forward,
Rare British newspaper and period
icals of the radical type, issued dur
ing the World War period, are now
available for reference at the Hoover
War Library. 1 his last shipment was
collected at the instigation of Profes
sor C. F. Brand of the Stanford De
partment of History and contains
copies of tiie London Call and other
labor and socialistic periodicals.
The periodical collections include
reports of the Annual Conferences of
the Independent Labor Parties, Social
istic Review, Independent Labor Party
Pamphlets, Labor Party Yearbooks,
Reports of the Annual Conferences,
Reports of the Executive Committee,
Labor Research Department Monthly
Circular, Reports of Trade Union
Congresses. r Among tlio newspapers
are the Daily Citizen, Call, Forward,
Rare British newspaper and period
icals of the radical type, issued dur
ing the World War period, are now
available for reference at the Hoover
War Library. 1 his last shipment was
collected at the instigation of Profes
sor C. F. Brand of the Stanford De
partment of History and contains
copies of tiie London Call and other
labor and socialistic periodicals.
The periodical collections include
reports of the Annual Conferences of
the Independent Labor Parties, Social
istic Review, Independent Labor Party
Pamphlets, Labor Party Yearbooks,
Reports of the Annual Conferences,
Reports of the Executive Committee,
Labor Research Department Monthly
Circular, Reports of Trade Union
Congresses. r Among tlio newspapers
are the Daily Citizen, Call, Forward,
Rare British newspaper and period
icals of the radical type, issued dur
ing the World War period, are now
available for reference at the Hoover
War Library. 1 his last shipment was
collected at the instigation of Profes
sor C. F. Brand of the Stanford De
partment of History and contains
copies of tiie London Call and other
labor and socialistic periodicals.
The periodical collections include
reports of the Annual Conferences of
the Independent Labor Parties, Social
istic Review, Independent Labor Party
Pamphlets, Labor Party Yearbooks,
Reports of the Annual Conferences,
Reports of the Executive Committee,
Labor Research Department Monthly
Circular, Reports of Trade Union
Congresses. r Among tlio newspapers
are the Daily Citizen, Call, Forward,
Rare British newspaper and period
icals of the radical type, issued dur
ing the World War period, are now
available for reference at the Hoover
War Library. 1 his last shipment was
collected at the instigation of Profes
sor C. F. Brand of the Stanford De
partment of History and contains
copies of tiie London Call and other
labor and socialistic periodicals.
The periodical collections include
reports of the Annual Conferences of
the Independent Labor Parties, Social
istic Review, Independent Labor Party
Pamphlets, Labor Party Yearbooks,
Reports of the Annual Conferences,
Reports of the Executive Committee,
Labor Research Department Monthly
Circular, Reports of Trade Union
Congresses. r Among tlio newspapers
are the Daily Citizen, Call, Forward,
Rare British newspaper and period
icals of the radical type, issued dur
ing the World War period, are now
available for reference at the Hoover
War Library. 1 his last shipment was
collected at the instigation of Profes
sor C. F. Brand of the Stanford De
partment of History and contains
copies of tiie London Call and other
labor and socialistic periodicals.
The periodical collections include
reports of the Annual Conferences of
the Independent Labor Parties, Social
istic Review, Independent Labor Party
Pamphlets, Labor Party Yearbooks,
Reports of the Annual Conferences,
Reports of the Executive Committee,
Labor Research Department Monthly
Circular, Reports of Trade Union
Congresses. r Among tlio newspapers
are the Daily Citizen, Call, Forward,
Rare British newspaper and period
icals of the radical type, issued dur
ing the World War period, are now
available for reference at the Hoover
War Library. 1 his last shipment was
collected at the instigation of Profes
sor C. F. Brand of the Stanford De
partment of History and contains
copies of tiie London Call and other
labor and socialistic periodicals.
The periodical collections include
reports of the Annual Conferences of
the Independent Labor Parties, Social
istic Review, Independent Labor Party
Pamphlets, Labor Party Yearbooks,
Reports of the Annual Conferences,
Reports of the Executive Committee,
Labor Research Department Monthly
Circular, Reports of Trade Union
Congresses. r Among tlio newspapers
are the Daily Citizen, Call, Forward,
Rare British newspaper and period
icals of the radical type, issued dur
ing the World War period, are now
available for reference at the Hoover
War Library. 1 his last shipment was
collected at the instigation of Profes
sor C. F. Brand of the Stanford De
partment of History and contains
copies of tiie London Call and other
labor and socialistic periodicals.
The periodical collections include
reports of the Annual Conferences of
the Independent Labor Parties, Social
istic Review, Independent Labor Party
Pamphlets, Labor Party Yearbooks,
Reports of the Annual Conferences,
Reports of the Executive Committee,
Labor Research Department Monthly
Circular, Reports of Trade Union
Congresses. r Among tlio newspapers
are the Daily Citizen, Call, Forward,
Rare British newspaper and period
icals of the radical type, issued dur
ing the World War period, are now
available for reference at the Hoover
War Library. 1 his last shipment was
collected at the instigation of Profes
sor C. F. Brand of the Stanford De
partment of History and contains
copies of tiie London Call and other
labor and socialistic periodicals.
The periodical collections include
reports of the Annual Conferences of
the Independent Labor Parties, Social
istic Review, Independent Labor Party
Pamphlets, Labor Party Yearbooks,
Reports of the Annual Conferences,
Reports of the Executive Committee,
Labor Research Department Monthly
Circular, Reports of Trade Union
Congresses. r Among tlio newspapers
are the Daily Citizen, Call, Forward,
Rare British newspaper and period
icals of the radical type, issued dur
ing the World War period, are now
available for reference at the Hoover
War Library. 1 his last shipment was
collected at the instigation of Profes
sor C. F. Brand of the Stanford De
partment of History and contains
copies of tiie London Call and other
labor and socialistic periodicals.
The periodical collections include
reports of the Annual Conferences of
the Independent Labor Parties, Social
istic Review, Independent Labor Party
Pamphlets, Labor Party Yearbooks,
Reports of the Annual Conferences,
Reports of the Executive Committee,
Labor Research Department Monthly
Circular, Reports of Trade Union
Congresses. r Among tlio newspapers
are the Daily Citizen, Call, Forward,
