# Untitled Article
## 
### 
U.S.C. will celebrate Homecoming
Week just before the Notre Dame
game on December 3.
U.S.C. will celebrate Homecoming
Week just before the Notre Dame
game on December 3.
U.S.C. will celebrate Homecoming
Week just before the Notre Dame
game on December 3.
U.S.C. will celebrate Homecoming
Week just before the Notre Dame
game on December 3.
U.S.C. will celebrate Homecoming
Week just before the Notre Dame
game on December 3.
U.S.C. will celebrate Homecoming
Week just before the Notre Dame
game on December 3.
U.S.C. will celebrate Homecoming
Week just before the Notre Dame
game on December 3.
U.S.C. will celebrate Homecoming
Week just before the Notre Dame
game on December 3.
U.S.C. will celebrate Homecoming
Week just before the Notre Dame
game on December 3.
U.S.C. will celebrate Homecoming
Week just before the Notre Dame
game on December 3.
U.S.C. will celebrate Homecoming
Week just before the Notre Dame
game on December 3.
U.S.C. will celebrate Homecoming
Week just before the Notre Dame
game on December 3.
U.S.C. will celebrate Homecoming
Week just before the Notre Dame
game on December 3.
U.S.C. will celebrate Homecoming
Week just before the Notre Dame
game on December 3.
U.S.C. will celebrate Homecoming
Week just before the Notre Dame
game on December 3.
