# Luis, Luis Brings It Home
## 
### 

Quad Pluto br Brace Howard

Luis Nleolao blasts out of his last turn in Stai
ford's national record-setting 800 freestyle rela*
Greg Buckingham's 1:43.3 leg was the deciding fat
tor In the 7:01.4 record time. Dick Both led off ii
1:45.8, followed by Buckingham, Mark Parmely b
1:46.1, and Nleolao, 1:4&2. Indiana held the ok
record of 7:02.6.

Quad Pluto br Brace Howard

Luis Nleolao blasts out of his last turn in Stai
ford's national record-setting 800 freestyle rela*
Greg Buckingham's 1:43.3 leg was the deciding fat
tor In the 7:01.4 record time. Dick Both led off ii
1:45.8, followed by Buckingham, Mark Parmely b
1:46.1, and Nleolao, 1:4&2. Indiana held the ok
record of 7:02.6.

Quad Pluto br Brace Howard

Luis Nleolao blasts out of his last turn in Stai
ford's national record-setting 800 freestyle rela*
Greg Buckingham's 1:43.3 leg was the deciding fat
tor In the 7:01.4 record time. Dick Both led off ii
1:45.8, followed by Buckingham, Mark Parmely b
1:46.1, and Nleolao, 1:4&2. Indiana held the ok
record of 7:02.6.

Quad Pluto br Brace Howard

Luis Nleolao blasts out of his last turn in Stai
ford's national record-setting 800 freestyle rela*
Greg Buckingham's 1:43.3 leg was the deciding fat
tor In the 7:01.4 record time. Dick Both led off ii
1:45.8, followed by Buckingham, Mark Parmely b
1:46.1, and Nleolao, 1:4&2. Indiana held the ok
record of 7:02.6.

Quad Pluto br Brace Howard

Luis Nleolao blasts out of his last turn in Stai
ford's national record-setting 800 freestyle rela*
Greg Buckingham's 1:43.3 leg was the deciding fat
tor In the 7:01.4 record time. Dick Both led off ii
1:45.8, followed by Buckingham, Mark Parmely b
1:46.1, and Nleolao, 1:4&2. Indiana held the ok
record of 7:02.6.

Quad Pluto br Brace Howard

Luis Nleolao blasts out of his last turn in Stai
ford's national record-setting 800 freestyle rela*
Greg Buckingham's 1:43.3 leg was the deciding fat
tor In the 7:01.4 record time. Dick Both led off ii
1:45.8, followed by Buckingham, Mark Parmely b
1:46.1, and Nleolao, 1:4&2. Indiana held the ok
record of 7:02.6.

Quad Pluto br Brace Howard

Luis Nleolao blasts out of his last turn in Stai
ford's national record-setting 800 freestyle rela*
Greg Buckingham's 1:43.3 leg was the deciding fat
tor In the 7:01.4 record time. Dick Both led off ii
1:45.8, followed by Buckingham, Mark Parmely b
1:46.1, and Nleolao, 1:4&2. Indiana held the ok
record of 7:02.6.

Quad Pluto br Brace Howard

Luis Nleolao blasts out of his last turn in Stai
ford's national record-setting 800 freestyle rela*
Greg Buckingham's 1:43.3 leg was the deciding fat
tor In the 7:01.4 record time. Dick Both led off ii
1:45.8, followed by Buckingham, Mark Parmely b
1:46.1, and Nleolao, 1:4&2. Indiana held the ok
record of 7:02.6.

Quad Pluto br Brace Howard

Luis Nleolao blasts out of his last turn in Stai
ford's national record-setting 800 freestyle rela*
Greg Buckingham's 1:43.3 leg was the deciding fat
tor In the 7:01.4 record time. Dick Both led off ii
1:45.8, followed by Buckingham, Mark Parmely b
1:46.1, and Nleolao, 1:4&2. Indiana held the ok
record of 7:02.6.

Quad Pluto br Brace Howard

Luis Nleolao blasts out of his last turn in Stai
ford's national record-setting 800 freestyle rela*
Greg Buckingham's 1:43.3 leg was the deciding fat
tor In the 7:01.4 record time. Dick Both led off ii
1:45.8, followed by Buckingham, Mark Parmely b
1:46.1, and Nleolao, 1:4&2. Indiana held the ok
record of 7:02.6.

Quad Pluto br Brace Howard

Luis Nleolao blasts out of his last turn in Stai
ford's national record-setting 800 freestyle rela*
Greg Buckingham's 1:43.3 leg was the deciding fat
tor In the 7:01.4 record time. Dick Both led off ii
1:45.8, followed by Buckingham, Mark Parmely b
1:46.1, and Nleolao, 1:4&2. Indiana held the ok
record of 7:02.6.

Quad Pluto br Brace Howard

Luis Nleolao blasts out of his last turn in Stai
ford's national record-setting 800 freestyle rela*
Greg Buckingham's 1:43.3 leg was the deciding fat
tor In the 7:01.4 record time. Dick Both led off ii
1:45.8, followed by Buckingham, Mark Parmely b
1:46.1, and Nleolao, 1:4&2. Indiana held the ok
record of 7:02.6.

Quad Pluto br Brace Howard

Luis Nleolao blasts out of his last turn in Stai
ford's national record-setting 800 freestyle rela*
Greg Buckingham's 1:43.3 leg was the deciding fat
tor In the 7:01.4 record time. Dick Both led off ii
1:45.8, followed by Buckingham, Mark Parmely b
1:46.1, and Nleolao, 1:4&2. Indiana held the ok
record of 7:02.6.

Quad Pluto br Brace Howard

Luis Nleolao blasts out of his last turn in Stai
ford's national record-setting 800 freestyle rela*
Greg Buckingham's 1:43.3 leg was the deciding fat
tor In the 7:01.4 record time. Dick Both led off ii
1:45.8, followed by Buckingham, Mark Parmely b
1:46.1, and Nleolao, 1:4&2. Indiana held the ok
record of 7:02.6.

Quad Pluto br Brace Howard

Luis Nleolao blasts out of his last turn in Stai
ford's national record-setting 800 freestyle rela*
Greg Buckingham's 1:43.3 leg was the deciding fat
tor In the 7:01.4 record time. Dick Both led off ii
1:45.8, followed by Buckingham, Mark Parmely b
1:46.1, and Nleolao, 1:4&2. Indiana held the ok
record of 7:02.6.

Quad Pluto br Brace Howard

Luis Nleolao blasts out of his last turn in Stai
ford's national record-setting 800 freestyle rela*
Greg Buckingham's 1:43.3 leg was the deciding fat
tor In the 7:01.4 record time. Dick Both led off ii
1:45.8, followed by Buckingham, Mark Parmely b
1:46.1, and Nleolao, 1:4&2. Indiana held the ok
record of 7:02.6.
