# Oops!
## 
### 

Qutd Photo by Bruce Howard

Stanford's Eric DeGooyer (79) has an apprehen
sive look as he watches his pass bounce on Bob
Newberry's (center) arm. Newberry appears ready
to pass the ball back to Frank Pattituccl, who Is
moving in from the far right. The rugby action
took place during Stanford's 14-8 win over Pied
mont Saturday at Stanford.

Qutd Photo by Bruce Howard

Stanford's Eric DeGooyer (79) has an apprehen
sive look as he watches his pass bounce on Bob
Newberry's (center) arm. Newberry appears ready
to pass the ball back to Frank Pattituccl, who Is
moving in from the far right. The rugby action
took place during Stanford's 14-8 win over Pied
mont Saturday at Stanford.

Qutd Photo by Bruce Howard

Stanford's Eric DeGooyer (79) has an apprehen
sive look as he watches his pass bounce on Bob
Newberry's (center) arm. Newberry appears ready
to pass the ball back to Frank Pattituccl, who Is
moving in from the far right. The rugby action
took place during Stanford's 14-8 win over Pied
mont Saturday at Stanford.

Qutd Photo by Bruce Howard

Stanford's Eric DeGooyer (79) has an apprehen
sive look as he watches his pass bounce on Bob
Newberry's (center) arm. Newberry appears ready
to pass the ball back to Frank Pattituccl, who Is
moving in from the far right. The rugby action
took place during Stanford's 14-8 win over Pied
mont Saturday at Stanford.

Qutd Photo by Bruce Howard

Stanford's Eric DeGooyer (79) has an apprehen
sive look as he watches his pass bounce on Bob
Newberry's (center) arm. Newberry appears ready
to pass the ball back to Frank Pattituccl, who Is
moving in from the far right. The rugby action
took place during Stanford's 14-8 win over Pied
mont Saturday at Stanford.

Qutd Photo by Bruce Howard

Stanford's Eric DeGooyer (79) has an apprehen
sive look as he watches his pass bounce on Bob
Newberry's (center) arm. Newberry appears ready
to pass the ball back to Frank Pattituccl, who Is
moving in from the far right. The rugby action
took place during Stanford's 14-8 win over Pied
mont Saturday at Stanford.

Qutd Photo by Bruce Howard

Stanford's Eric DeGooyer (79) has an apprehen
sive look as he watches his pass bounce on Bob
Newberry's (center) arm. Newberry appears ready
to pass the ball back to Frank Pattituccl, who Is
moving in from the far right. The rugby action
took place during Stanford's 14-8 win over Pied
mont Saturday at Stanford.

Qutd Photo by Bruce Howard

Stanford's Eric DeGooyer (79) has an apprehen
sive look as he watches his pass bounce on Bob
Newberry's (center) arm. Newberry appears ready
to pass the ball back to Frank Pattituccl, who Is
moving in from the far right. The rugby action
took place during Stanford's 14-8 win over Pied
mont Saturday at Stanford.

Qutd Photo by Bruce Howard

Stanford's Eric DeGooyer (79) has an apprehen
sive look as he watches his pass bounce on Bob
Newberry's (center) arm. Newberry appears ready
to pass the ball back to Frank Pattituccl, who Is
moving in from the far right. The rugby action
took place during Stanford's 14-8 win over Pied
mont Saturday at Stanford.

Qutd Photo by Bruce Howard

Stanford's Eric DeGooyer (79) has an apprehen
sive look as he watches his pass bounce on Bob
Newberry's (center) arm. Newberry appears ready
to pass the ball back to Frank Pattituccl, who Is
moving in from the far right. The rugby action
took place during Stanford's 14-8 win over Pied
mont Saturday at Stanford.

Qutd Photo by Bruce Howard

Stanford's Eric DeGooyer (79) has an apprehen
sive look as he watches his pass bounce on Bob
Newberry's (center) arm. Newberry appears ready
to pass the ball back to Frank Pattituccl, who Is
moving in from the far right. The rugby action
took place during Stanford's 14-8 win over Pied
mont Saturday at Stanford.

Qutd Photo by Bruce Howard

Stanford's Eric DeGooyer (79) has an apprehen
sive look as he watches his pass bounce on Bob
Newberry's (center) arm. Newberry appears ready
to pass the ball back to Frank Pattituccl, who Is
moving in from the far right. The rugby action
took place during Stanford's 14-8 win over Pied
mont Saturday at Stanford.

Qutd Photo by Bruce Howard

Stanford's Eric DeGooyer (79) has an apprehen
sive look as he watches his pass bounce on Bob
Newberry's (center) arm. Newberry appears ready
to pass the ball back to Frank Pattituccl, who Is
moving in from the far right. The rugby action
took place during Stanford's 14-8 win over Pied
mont Saturday at Stanford.

Qutd Photo by Bruce Howard

Stanford's Eric DeGooyer (79) has an apprehen
sive look as he watches his pass bounce on Bob
Newberry's (center) arm. Newberry appears ready
to pass the ball back to Frank Pattituccl, who Is
moving in from the far right. The rugby action
took place during Stanford's 14-8 win over Pied
mont Saturday at Stanford.

Qutd Photo by Bruce Howard

Stanford's Eric DeGooyer (79) has an apprehen
sive look as he watches his pass bounce on Bob
Newberry's (center) arm. Newberry appears ready
to pass the ball back to Frank Pattituccl, who Is
moving in from the far right. The rugby action
took place during Stanford's 14-8 win over Pied
mont Saturday at Stanford.

Qutd Photo by Bruce Howard

Stanford's Eric DeGooyer (79) has an apprehen
sive look as he watches his pass bounce on Bob
Newberry's (center) arm. Newberry appears ready
to pass the ball back to Frank Pattituccl, who Is
moving in from the far right. The rugby action
took place during Stanford's 14-8 win over Pied
mont Saturday at Stanford.
