# WHAT WOULD YOU HAVE DONE WITH A COW LIKE THIS?
## 
### 
Lack of a University ruling
concerning the privilege of en
tertaining cows in the local
dormitories afforded an oppor
tunity Friday night for some
exasperated men to achieve
satisfaction.
Returning to their hall, the
occupants of 106 Sequoia dis
covered an unexpected bovine
guest in their midst compla
cently nibbling a bale of hay.
The inoffensive beast re
sented the intrusion of the
somewhat startled mortals, and
gave vent to a series of vo
ciferous "moos" as the inhos
pitable hosts led her from the
hall.
The cow had been abducted
from the meadovv in the rear
of the Jordan home by several
men from rooms adjoining 106
who refused to allow some al
leged outrages of the previous
night to pass unavenged, it is
reported.
Lack of a University ruling
concerning the privilege of en
tertaining cows in the local
dormitories afforded an oppor
tunity Friday night for some
exasperated men to achieve
satisfaction.
Returning to their hall, the
occupants of 106 Sequoia dis
covered an unexpected bovine
guest in their midst compla
cently nibbling a bale of hay.
The inoffensive beast re
sented the intrusion of the
somewhat startled mortals, and
gave vent to a series of vo
ciferous "moos" as the inhos
pitable hosts led her from the
hall.
The cow had been abducted
from the meadovv in the rear
of the Jordan home by several
men from rooms adjoining 106
who refused to allow some al
leged outrages of the previous
night to pass unavenged, it is
reported.
Lack of a University ruling
concerning the privilege of en
tertaining cows in the local
dormitories afforded an oppor
tunity Friday night for some
exasperated men to achieve
satisfaction.
Returning to their hall, the
occupants of 106 Sequoia dis
covered an unexpected bovine
guest in their midst compla
cently nibbling a bale of hay.
The inoffensive beast re
sented the intrusion of the
somewhat startled mortals, and
gave vent to a series of vo
ciferous "moos" as the inhos
pitable hosts led her from the
hall.
The cow had been abducted
from the meadovv in the rear
of the Jordan home by several
men from rooms adjoining 106
who refused to allow some al
leged outrages of the previous
night to pass unavenged, it is
reported.
Lack of a University ruling
concerning the privilege of en
tertaining cows in the local
dormitories afforded an oppor
tunity Friday night for some
exasperated men to achieve
satisfaction.
Returning to their hall, the
occupants of 106 Sequoia dis
covered an unexpected bovine
guest in their midst compla
cently nibbling a bale of hay.
The inoffensive beast re
sented the intrusion of the
somewhat startled mortals, and
gave vent to a series of vo
ciferous "moos" as the inhos
pitable hosts led her from the
hall.
The cow had been abducted
from the meadovv in the rear
of the Jordan home by several
men from rooms adjoining 106
who refused to allow some al
leged outrages of the previous
night to pass unavenged, it is
reported.
Lack of a University ruling
concerning the privilege of en
tertaining cows in the local
dormitories afforded an oppor
tunity Friday night for some
exasperated men to achieve
satisfaction.
Returning to their hall, the
occupants of 106 Sequoia dis
covered an unexpected bovine
guest in their midst compla
cently nibbling a bale of hay.
The inoffensive beast re
sented the intrusion of the
somewhat startled mortals, and
gave vent to a series of vo
ciferous "moos" as the inhos
pitable hosts led her from the
hall.
The cow had been abducted
from the meadovv in the rear
of the Jordan home by several
men from rooms adjoining 106
who refused to allow some al
leged outrages of the previous
night to pass unavenged, it is
reported.
Lack of a University ruling
concerning the privilege of en
tertaining cows in the local
dormitories afforded an oppor
tunity Friday night for some
exasperated men to achieve
satisfaction.
Returning to their hall, the
occupants of 106 Sequoia dis
covered an unexpected bovine
guest in their midst compla
cently nibbling a bale of hay.
The inoffensive beast re
sented the intrusion of the
somewhat startled mortals, and
gave vent to a series of vo
ciferous "moos" as the inhos
pitable hosts led her from the
hall.
The cow had been abducted
from the meadovv in the rear
of the Jordan home by several
men from rooms adjoining 106
who refused to allow some al
leged outrages of the previous
night to pass unavenged, it is
reported.
Lack of a University ruling
concerning the privilege of en
tertaining cows in the local
dormitories afforded an oppor
tunity Friday night for some
exasperated men to achieve
satisfaction.
Returning to their hall, the
occupants of 106 Sequoia dis
covered an unexpected bovine
guest in their midst compla
cently nibbling a bale of hay.
The inoffensive beast re
sented the intrusion of the
somewhat startled mortals, and
gave vent to a series of vo
ciferous "moos" as the inhos
pitable hosts led her from the
hall.
The cow had been abducted
from the meadovv in the rear
of the Jordan home by several
men from rooms adjoining 106
who refused to allow some al
leged outrages of the previous
night to pass unavenged, it is
reported.
Lack of a University ruling
concerning the privilege of en
tertaining cows in the local
dormitories afforded an oppor
tunity Friday night for some
exasperated men to achieve
satisfaction.
Returning to their hall, the
occupants of 106 Sequoia dis
covered an unexpected bovine
guest in their midst compla
cently nibbling a bale of hay.
The inoffensive beast re
sented the intrusion of the
somewhat startled mortals, and
gave vent to a series of vo
ciferous "moos" as the inhos
pitable hosts led her from the
hall.
The cow had been abducted
from the meadovv in the rear
of the Jordan home by several
men from rooms adjoining 106
who refused to allow some al
leged outrages of the previous
night to pass unavenged, it is
reported.
Lack of a University ruling
concerning the privilege of en
tertaining cows in the local
dormitories afforded an oppor
tunity Friday night for some
exasperated men to achieve
satisfaction.
Returning to their hall, the
occupants of 106 Sequoia dis
covered an unexpected bovine
guest in their midst compla
cently nibbling a bale of hay.
The inoffensive beast re
sented the intrusion of the
somewhat startled mortals, and
gave vent to a series of vo
ciferous "moos" as the inhos
pitable hosts led her from the
hall.
The cow had been abducted
from the meadovv in the rear
of the Jordan home by several
men from rooms adjoining 106
who refused to allow some al
leged outrages of the previous
night to pass unavenged, it is
reported.
Lack of a University ruling
concerning the privilege of en
tertaining cows in the local
dormitories afforded an oppor
tunity Friday night for some
exasperated men to achieve
satisfaction.
Returning to their hall, the
occupants of 106 Sequoia dis
covered an unexpected bovine
guest in their midst compla
cently nibbling a bale of hay.
The inoffensive beast re
sented the intrusion of the
somewhat startled mortals, and
gave vent to a series of vo
ciferous "moos" as the inhos
pitable hosts led her from the
hall.
The cow had been abducted
from the meadovv in the rear
of the Jordan home by several
men from rooms adjoining 106
who refused to allow some al
leged outrages of the previous
night to pass unavenged, it is
reported.
Lack of a University ruling
concerning the privilege of en
tertaining cows in the local
dormitories afforded an oppor
tunity Friday night for some
exasperated men to achieve
satisfaction.
Returning to their hall, the
occupants of 106 Sequoia dis
covered an unexpected bovine
guest in their midst compla
cently nibbling a bale of hay.
The inoffensive beast re
sented the intrusion of the
somewhat startled mortals, and
gave vent to a series of vo
ciferous "moos" as the inhos
pitable hosts led her from the
hall.
The cow had been abducted
from the meadovv in the rear
of the Jordan home by several
men from rooms adjoining 106
who refused to allow some al
leged outrages of the previous
night to pass unavenged, it is
reported.
Lack of a University ruling
concerning the privilege of en
tertaining cows in the local
dormitories afforded an oppor
tunity Friday night for some
exasperated men to achieve
satisfaction.
Returning to their hall, the
occupants of 106 Sequoia dis
covered an unexpected bovine
guest in their midst compla
cently nibbling a bale of hay.
The inoffensive beast re
sented the intrusion of the
somewhat startled mortals, and
gave vent to a series of vo
ciferous "moos" as the inhos
pitable hosts led her from the
hall.
The cow had been abducted
from the meadovv in the rear
of the Jordan home by several
men from rooms adjoining 106
who refused to allow some al
leged outrages of the previous
night to pass unavenged, it is
reported.
Lack of a University ruling
concerning the privilege of en
tertaining cows in the local
dormitories afforded an oppor
tunity Friday night for some
exasperated men to achieve
satisfaction.
Returning to their hall, the
occupants of 106 Sequoia dis
covered an unexpected bovine
guest in their midst compla
cently nibbling a bale of hay.
The inoffensive beast re
sented the intrusion of the
somewhat startled mortals, and
gave vent to a series of vo
ciferous "moos" as the inhos
pitable hosts led her from the
hall.
The cow had been abducted
from the meadovv in the rear
of the Jordan home by several
men from rooms adjoining 106
who refused to allow some al
leged outrages of the previous
night to pass unavenged, it is
reported.
Lack of a University ruling
concerning the privilege of en
tertaining cows in the local
dormitories afforded an oppor
tunity Friday night for some
exasperated men to achieve
satisfaction.
Returning to their hall, the
occupants of 106 Sequoia dis
covered an unexpected bovine
guest in their midst compla
cently nibbling a bale of hay.
The inoffensive beast re
sented the intrusion of the
somewhat startled mortals, and
gave vent to a series of vo
ciferous "moos" as the inhos
pitable hosts led her from the
hall.
The cow had been abducted
from the meadovv in the rear
of the Jordan home by several
men from rooms adjoining 106
who refused to allow some al
leged outrages of the previous
night to pass unavenged, it is
reported.
Lack of a University ruling
concerning the privilege of en
tertaining cows in the local
dormitories afforded an oppor
tunity Friday night for some
exasperated men to achieve
satisfaction.
Returning to their hall, the
occupants of 106 Sequoia dis
covered an unexpected bovine
guest in their midst compla
cently nibbling a bale of hay.
The inoffensive beast re
sented the intrusion of the
somewhat startled mortals, and
gave vent to a series of vo
ciferous "moos" as the inhos
pitable hosts led her from the
hall.
The cow had been abducted
from the meadovv in the rear
of the Jordan home by several
men from rooms adjoining 106
who refused to allow some al
leged outrages of the previous
night to pass unavenged, it is
reported.
Lack of a University ruling
concerning the privilege of en
tertaining cows in the local
dormitories afforded an oppor
tunity Friday night for some
exasperated men to achieve
satisfaction.
Returning to their hall, the
occupants of 106 Sequoia dis
covered an unexpected bovine
guest in their midst compla
cently nibbling a bale of hay.
The inoffensive beast re
sented the intrusion of the
somewhat startled mortals, and
gave vent to a series of vo
ciferous "moos" as the inhos
pitable hosts led her from the
hall.
The cow had been abducted
from the meadovv in the rear
of the Jordan home by several
men from rooms adjoining 106
who refused to allow some al
leged outrages of the previous
night to pass unavenged, it is
reported.
Lack of a University ruling
concerning the privilege of en
tertaining cows in the local
dormitories afforded an oppor
tunity Friday night for some
exasperated men to achieve
satisfaction.
Returning to their hall, the
occupants of 106 Sequoia dis
covered an unexpected bovine
guest in their midst compla
cently nibbling a bale of hay.
The inoffensive beast re
sented the intrusion of the
somewhat startled mortals, and
gave vent to a series of vo
ciferous "moos" as the inhos
pitable hosts led her from the
hall.
The cow had been abducted
from the meadovv in the rear
of the Jordan home by several
men from rooms adjoining 106
who refused to allow some al
leged outrages of the previous
night to pass unavenged, it is
reported.
