# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Masquers announces the
election of the following:
Patty Baker
Catherine Crary
Jean Jamison
Lucile Morgan
Emeline Nollcn
Masquers announces the
election of the following:
Patty Baker
Catherine Crary
Jean Jamison
Lucile Morgan
Emeline Nollcn
Masquers announces the
election of the following:
Patty Baker
Catherine Crary
Jean Jamison
Lucile Morgan
Emeline Nollcn
Masquers announces the
election of the following:
Patty Baker
Catherine Crary
Jean Jamison
Lucile Morgan
Emeline Nollcn
Masquers announces the
election of the following:
Patty Baker
Catherine Crary
Jean Jamison
Lucile Morgan
Emeline Nollcn
Masquers announces the
election of the following:
Patty Baker
Catherine Crary
Jean Jamison
Lucile Morgan
Emeline Nollcn
Masquers announces the
election of the following:
Patty Baker
Catherine Crary
Jean Jamison
Lucile Morgan
Emeline Nollcn
Masquers announces the
election of the following:
Patty Baker
Catherine Crary
Jean Jamison
Lucile Morgan
Emeline Nollcn
Masquers announces the
election of the following:
Patty Baker
Catherine Crary
Jean Jamison
Lucile Morgan
Emeline Nollcn
Masquers announces the
election of the following:
Patty Baker
Catherine Crary
Jean Jamison
Lucile Morgan
Emeline Nollcn
Masquers announces the
election of the following:
Patty Baker
Catherine Crary
Jean Jamison
Lucile Morgan
Emeline Nollcn
Masquers announces the
election of the following:
Patty Baker
Catherine Crary
Jean Jamison
Lucile Morgan
Emeline Nollcn
Masquers announces the
election of the following:
Patty Baker
Catherine Crary
Jean Jamison
Lucile Morgan
Emeline Nollcn
Masquers announces the
election of the following:
Patty Baker
Catherine Crary
Jean Jamison
Lucile Morgan
Emeline Nollcn
Masquers announces the
election of the following:
Patty Baker
Catherine Crary
Jean Jamison
Lucile Morgan
Emeline Nollcn
Masquers announces the
election of the following:
Patty Baker
Catherine Crary
Jean Jamison
Lucile Morgan
Emeline Nollcn
Masquers announces the
election of the following:
Patty Baker
Catherine Crary
Jean Jamison
Lucile Morgan
Emeline Nollcn
