# MILITARISM CHECKED
## 
### 
DRESDEN, Germany, Oct. 19 (A 1 ).
—Military practice by the local
Communist Anti-Fascist Society was
broken up labt night by police near
the suburb of Heidemuehle. All
members of the society, which is
known as Antifa, were arrested.
DRESDEN, Germany, Oct. 19 (A 1 ).
—Military practice by the local
Communist Anti-Fascist Society was
broken up labt night by police near
the suburb of Heidemuehle. All
members of the society, which is
known as Antifa, were arrested.
DRESDEN, Germany, Oct. 19 (A 1 ).
—Military practice by the local
Communist Anti-Fascist Society was
broken up labt night by police near
the suburb of Heidemuehle. All
members of the society, which is
known as Antifa, were arrested.
DRESDEN, Germany, Oct. 19 (A 1 ).
—Military practice by the local
Communist Anti-Fascist Society was
broken up labt night by police near
the suburb of Heidemuehle. All
members of the society, which is
known as Antifa, were arrested.
DRESDEN, Germany, Oct. 19 (A 1 ).
—Military practice by the local
Communist Anti-Fascist Society was
broken up labt night by police near
the suburb of Heidemuehle. All
members of the society, which is
known as Antifa, were arrested.
DRESDEN, Germany, Oct. 19 (A 1 ).
—Military practice by the local
Communist Anti-Fascist Society was
broken up labt night by police near
the suburb of Heidemuehle. All
members of the society, which is
known as Antifa, were arrested.
DRESDEN, Germany, Oct. 19 (A 1 ).
—Military practice by the local
Communist Anti-Fascist Society was
broken up labt night by police near
the suburb of Heidemuehle. All
members of the society, which is
known as Antifa, were arrested.
DRESDEN, Germany, Oct. 19 (A 1 ).
—Military practice by the local
Communist Anti-Fascist Society was
broken up labt night by police near
the suburb of Heidemuehle. All
members of the society, which is
known as Antifa, were arrested.
DRESDEN, Germany, Oct. 19 (A 1 ).
—Military practice by the local
Communist Anti-Fascist Society was
broken up labt night by police near
the suburb of Heidemuehle. All
members of the society, which is
known as Antifa, were arrested.
DRESDEN, Germany, Oct. 19 (A 1 ).
—Military practice by the local
Communist Anti-Fascist Society was
broken up labt night by police near
the suburb of Heidemuehle. All
members of the society, which is
known as Antifa, were arrested.
DRESDEN, Germany, Oct. 19 (A 1 ).
—Military practice by the local
Communist Anti-Fascist Society was
broken up labt night by police near
the suburb of Heidemuehle. All
members of the society, which is
known as Antifa, were arrested.
DRESDEN, Germany, Oct. 19 (A 1 ).
—Military practice by the local
Communist Anti-Fascist Society was
broken up labt night by police near
the suburb of Heidemuehle. All
members of the society, which is
known as Antifa, were arrested.
DRESDEN, Germany, Oct. 19 (A 1 ).
—Military practice by the local
Communist Anti-Fascist Society was
broken up labt night by police near
the suburb of Heidemuehle. All
members of the society, which is
known as Antifa, were arrested.
DRESDEN, Germany, Oct. 19 (A 1 ).
—Military practice by the local
Communist Anti-Fascist Society was
broken up labt night by police near
the suburb of Heidemuehle. All
members of the society, which is
known as Antifa, were arrested.
DRESDEN, Germany, Oct. 19 (A 1 ).
—Military practice by the local
Communist Anti-Fascist Society was
broken up labt night by police near
the suburb of Heidemuehle. All
members of the society, which is
known as Antifa, were arrested.
DRESDEN, Germany, Oct. 19 (A 1 ).
—Military practice by the local
Communist Anti-Fascist Society was
broken up labt night by police near
the suburb of Heidemuehle. All
members of the society, which is
known as Antifa, were arrested.
DRESDEN, Germany, Oct. 19 (A 1 ).
—Military practice by the local
Communist Anti-Fascist Society was
broken up labt night by police near
the suburb of Heidemuehle. All
members of the society, which is
known as Antifa, were arrested.
