# MEN'S COUNCIL FINES TRAFFIC VIOLATORS
## 
### 
Forty-six cases of traffic ordin
ance violations on the campus last
week were dealt with at the Friday
meeting of the Men's Council. Fines
of $1 each were imposed upon 45
persons for improper parking, and
one $5 fine for speeding.
Virgil Dowell, chairman of the
Council, issues a warning that more
drastic measures are to be taken
with speeders and other violators of
driving regulations in the future.
Forty-six cases of traffic ordin
ance violations on the campus last
week were dealt with at the Friday
meeting of the Men's Council. Fines
of $1 each were imposed upon 45
persons for improper parking, and
one $5 fine for speeding.
Virgil Dowell, chairman of the
Council, issues a warning that more
drastic measures are to be taken
with speeders and other violators of
driving regulations in the future.
Forty-six cases of traffic ordin
ance violations on the campus last
week were dealt with at the Friday
meeting of the Men's Council. Fines
of $1 each were imposed upon 45
persons for improper parking, and
one $5 fine for speeding.
Virgil Dowell, chairman of the
Council, issues a warning that more
drastic measures are to be taken
with speeders and other violators of
driving regulations in the future.
Forty-six cases of traffic ordin
ance violations on the campus last
week were dealt with at the Friday
meeting of the Men's Council. Fines
of $1 each were imposed upon 45
persons for improper parking, and
one $5 fine for speeding.
Virgil Dowell, chairman of the
Council, issues a warning that more
drastic measures are to be taken
with speeders and other violators of
driving regulations in the future.
Forty-six cases of traffic ordin
ance violations on the campus last
week were dealt with at the Friday
meeting of the Men's Council. Fines
of $1 each were imposed upon 45
persons for improper parking, and
one $5 fine for speeding.
Virgil Dowell, chairman of the
Council, issues a warning that more
drastic measures are to be taken
with speeders and other violators of
driving regulations in the future.
Forty-six cases of traffic ordin
ance violations on the campus last
week were dealt with at the Friday
meeting of the Men's Council. Fines
of $1 each were imposed upon 45
persons for improper parking, and
one $5 fine for speeding.
Virgil Dowell, chairman of the
Council, issues a warning that more
drastic measures are to be taken
with speeders and other violators of
driving regulations in the future.
Forty-six cases of traffic ordin
ance violations on the campus last
week were dealt with at the Friday
meeting of the Men's Council. Fines
of $1 each were imposed upon 45
persons for improper parking, and
one $5 fine for speeding.
Virgil Dowell, chairman of the
Council, issues a warning that more
drastic measures are to be taken
with speeders and other violators of
driving regulations in the future.
Forty-six cases of traffic ordin
ance violations on the campus last
week were dealt with at the Friday
meeting of the Men's Council. Fines
of $1 each were imposed upon 45
persons for improper parking, and
one $5 fine for speeding.
Virgil Dowell, chairman of the
Council, issues a warning that more
drastic measures are to be taken
with speeders and other violators of
driving regulations in the future.
Forty-six cases of traffic ordin
ance violations on the campus last
week were dealt with at the Friday
meeting of the Men's Council. Fines
of $1 each were imposed upon 45
persons for improper parking, and
one $5 fine for speeding.
Virgil Dowell, chairman of the
Council, issues a warning that more
drastic measures are to be taken
with speeders and other violators of
driving regulations in the future.
Forty-six cases of traffic ordin
ance violations on the campus last
week were dealt with at the Friday
meeting of the Men's Council. Fines
of $1 each were imposed upon 45
persons for improper parking, and
one $5 fine for speeding.
Virgil Dowell, chairman of the
Council, issues a warning that more
drastic measures are to be taken
with speeders and other violators of
driving regulations in the future.
Forty-six cases of traffic ordin
ance violations on the campus last
week were dealt with at the Friday
meeting of the Men's Council. Fines
of $1 each were imposed upon 45
persons for improper parking, and
one $5 fine for speeding.
Virgil Dowell, chairman of the
Council, issues a warning that more
drastic measures are to be taken
with speeders and other violators of
driving regulations in the future.
Forty-six cases of traffic ordin
ance violations on the campus last
week were dealt with at the Friday
meeting of the Men's Council. Fines
of $1 each were imposed upon 45
persons for improper parking, and
one $5 fine for speeding.
Virgil Dowell, chairman of the
Council, issues a warning that more
drastic measures are to be taken
with speeders and other violators of
driving regulations in the future.
Forty-six cases of traffic ordin
ance violations on the campus last
week were dealt with at the Friday
meeting of the Men's Council. Fines
of $1 each were imposed upon 45
persons for improper parking, and
one $5 fine for speeding.
Virgil Dowell, chairman of the
Council, issues a warning that more
drastic measures are to be taken
with speeders and other violators of
driving regulations in the future.
Forty-six cases of traffic ordin
ance violations on the campus last
week were dealt with at the Friday
meeting of the Men's Council. Fines
of $1 each were imposed upon 45
persons for improper parking, and
one $5 fine for speeding.
Virgil Dowell, chairman of the
Council, issues a warning that more
drastic measures are to be taken
with speeders and other violators of
driving regulations in the future.
Forty-six cases of traffic ordin
ance violations on the campus last
week were dealt with at the Friday
meeting of the Men's Council. Fines
of $1 each were imposed upon 45
persons for improper parking, and
one $5 fine for speeding.
Virgil Dowell, chairman of the
Council, issues a warning that more
drastic measures are to be taken
with speeders and other violators of
driving regulations in the future.
Forty-six cases of traffic ordin
ance violations on the campus last
week were dealt with at the Friday
meeting of the Men's Council. Fines
of $1 each were imposed upon 45
persons for improper parking, and
one $5 fine for speeding.
Virgil Dowell, chairman of the
Council, issues a warning that more
drastic measures are to be taken
with speeders and other violators of
driving regulations in the future.
Forty-six cases of traffic ordin
ance violations on the campus last
week were dealt with at the Friday
meeting of the Men's Council. Fines
of $1 each were imposed upon 45
persons for improper parking, and
one $5 fine for speeding.
Virgil Dowell, chairman of the
Council, issues a warning that more
drastic measures are to be taken
with speeders and other violators of
driving regulations in the future.
