# Engineers Get Lab Equipment
## 
### 
Tho Westinghouse Educational
Foundation will donate unique
laboratory equipment to Stan
ford's electrical engineering de
partment, Foundation Chairman
John A. Hutcheson announced
Saturday.
Hutcheson said the new labora
tory machines will be used to
teach student engineers the basic
principles of converting mechani
cal energy to electrical energy.
Tho Westinghouse Educational
Foundation will donate unique
laboratory equipment to Stan
ford's electrical engineering de
partment, Foundation Chairman
John A. Hutcheson announced
Saturday.
Hutcheson said the new labora
tory machines will be used to
teach student engineers the basic
principles of converting mechani
cal energy to electrical energy.
Tho Westinghouse Educational
Foundation will donate unique
laboratory equipment to Stan
ford's electrical engineering de
partment, Foundation Chairman
John A. Hutcheson announced
Saturday.
Hutcheson said the new labora
tory machines will be used to
teach student engineers the basic
principles of converting mechani
cal energy to electrical energy.
Tho Westinghouse Educational
Foundation will donate unique
laboratory equipment to Stan
ford's electrical engineering de
partment, Foundation Chairman
John A. Hutcheson announced
Saturday.
Hutcheson said the new labora
tory machines will be used to
teach student engineers the basic
principles of converting mechani
cal energy to electrical energy.
Tho Westinghouse Educational
Foundation will donate unique
laboratory equipment to Stan
ford's electrical engineering de
partment, Foundation Chairman
John A. Hutcheson announced
Saturday.
Hutcheson said the new labora
tory machines will be used to
teach student engineers the basic
principles of converting mechani
cal energy to electrical energy.
Tho Westinghouse Educational
Foundation will donate unique
laboratory equipment to Stan
ford's electrical engineering de
partment, Foundation Chairman
John A. Hutcheson announced
Saturday.
Hutcheson said the new labora
tory machines will be used to
teach student engineers the basic
principles of converting mechani
cal energy to electrical energy.
Tho Westinghouse Educational
Foundation will donate unique
laboratory equipment to Stan
ford's electrical engineering de
partment, Foundation Chairman
John A. Hutcheson announced
Saturday.
Hutcheson said the new labora
tory machines will be used to
teach student engineers the basic
principles of converting mechani
cal energy to electrical energy.
Tho Westinghouse Educational
Foundation will donate unique
laboratory equipment to Stan
ford's electrical engineering de
partment, Foundation Chairman
John A. Hutcheson announced
Saturday.
Hutcheson said the new labora
tory machines will be used to
teach student engineers the basic
principles of converting mechani
cal energy to electrical energy.
Tho Westinghouse Educational
Foundation will donate unique
laboratory equipment to Stan
ford's electrical engineering de
partment, Foundation Chairman
John A. Hutcheson announced
Saturday.
Hutcheson said the new labora
tory machines will be used to
teach student engineers the basic
principles of converting mechani
cal energy to electrical energy.
Tho Westinghouse Educational
Foundation will donate unique
laboratory equipment to Stan
ford's electrical engineering de
partment, Foundation Chairman
John A. Hutcheson announced
Saturday.
Hutcheson said the new labora
tory machines will be used to
teach student engineers the basic
principles of converting mechani
cal energy to electrical energy.
Tho Westinghouse Educational
Foundation will donate unique
laboratory equipment to Stan
ford's electrical engineering de
partment, Foundation Chairman
John A. Hutcheson announced
Saturday.
Hutcheson said the new labora
tory machines will be used to
teach student engineers the basic
principles of converting mechani
cal energy to electrical energy.
Tho Westinghouse Educational
Foundation will donate unique
laboratory equipment to Stan
ford's electrical engineering de
partment, Foundation Chairman
John A. Hutcheson announced
Saturday.
Hutcheson said the new labora
tory machines will be used to
teach student engineers the basic
principles of converting mechani
cal energy to electrical energy.
Tho Westinghouse Educational
Foundation will donate unique
laboratory equipment to Stan
ford's electrical engineering de
partment, Foundation Chairman
John A. Hutcheson announced
Saturday.
Hutcheson said the new labora
tory machines will be used to
teach student engineers the basic
principles of converting mechani
cal energy to electrical energy.
Tho Westinghouse Educational
Foundation will donate unique
laboratory equipment to Stan
ford's electrical engineering de
partment, Foundation Chairman
John A. Hutcheson announced
Saturday.
Hutcheson said the new labora
tory machines will be used to
teach student engineers the basic
principles of converting mechani
cal energy to electrical energy.
Tho Westinghouse Educational
Foundation will donate unique
laboratory equipment to Stan
ford's electrical engineering de
partment, Foundation Chairman
John A. Hutcheson announced
Saturday.
Hutcheson said the new labora
tory machines will be used to
teach student engineers the basic
principles of converting mechani
cal energy to electrical energy.
Tho Westinghouse Educational
Foundation will donate unique
laboratory equipment to Stan
ford's electrical engineering de
partment, Foundation Chairman
John A. Hutcheson announced
Saturday.
Hutcheson said the new labora
tory machines will be used to
teach student engineers the basic
principles of converting mechani
cal energy to electrical energy.
Tho Westinghouse Educational
Foundation will donate unique
laboratory equipment to Stan
ford's electrical engineering de
partment, Foundation Chairman
John A. Hutcheson announced
Saturday.
Hutcheson said the new labora
tory machines will be used to
teach student engineers the basic
principles of converting mechani
cal energy to electrical energy.
