# Mardi Gras Queen Candidate
## 
### 
Junior Maryanna Gerbode, an anthropology major from Union
Residence, has been selected as one of 10 candidates for the title
of Queen of the annual Mardi Gr«s Kail, slated for Feb. 10 in San
Francisco. The traditional ball is sponsored by the San Francisco
Children's Hospital as a fund-raising function for the Hospital's
Little Jim Ward. Miss Gerbode is the only Stanford woman run
ning for queen. Persons contributing to the ward are allowed to
cast one vote for the candidate of their choice for each 10 cents
donated. Voting closes Feb. 3 and checks may be sent to the Little
Jim Ward, in care of Frederick Stent, Crocker Anglo Rank, 1 Mont
gomery St., San Francisco. Funds go to supporting the ward and
research in crippling diseases and occupational therapy.

Junior Maryanna Gerbode, an anthropology major from Union
Residence, has been selected as one of 10 candidates for the title
of Queen of the annual Mardi Gr«s Kail, slated for Feb. 10 in San
Francisco. The traditional ball is sponsored by the San Francisco
Children's Hospital as a fund-raising function for the Hospital's
Little Jim Ward. Miss Gerbode is the only Stanford woman run
ning for queen. Persons contributing to the ward are allowed to
cast one vote for the candidate of their choice for each 10 cents
donated. Voting closes Feb. 3 and checks may be sent to the Little
Jim Ward, in care of Frederick Stent, Crocker Anglo Rank, 1 Mont
gomery St., San Francisco. Funds go to supporting the ward and
research in crippling diseases and occupational therapy.

Junior Maryanna Gerbode, an anthropology major from Union
Residence, has been selected as one of 10 candidates for the title
of Queen of the annual Mardi Gr«s Kail, slated for Feb. 10 in San
Francisco. The traditional ball is sponsored by the San Francisco
Children's Hospital as a fund-raising function for the Hospital's
Little Jim Ward. Miss Gerbode is the only Stanford woman run
ning for queen. Persons contributing to the ward are allowed to
cast one vote for the candidate of their choice for each 10 cents
donated. Voting closes Feb. 3 and checks may be sent to the Little
Jim Ward, in care of Frederick Stent, Crocker Anglo Rank, 1 Mont
gomery St., San Francisco. Funds go to supporting the ward and
research in crippling diseases and occupational therapy.

Junior Maryanna Gerbode, an anthropology major from Union
Residence, has been selected as one of 10 candidates for the title
of Queen of the annual Mardi Gr«s Kail, slated for Feb. 10 in San
Francisco. The traditional ball is sponsored by the San Francisco
Children's Hospital as a fund-raising function for the Hospital's
Little Jim Ward. Miss Gerbode is the only Stanford woman run
ning for queen. Persons contributing to the ward are allowed to
cast one vote for the candidate of their choice for each 10 cents
donated. Voting closes Feb. 3 and checks may be sent to the Little
Jim Ward, in care of Frederick Stent, Crocker Anglo Rank, 1 Mont
gomery St., San Francisco. Funds go to supporting the ward and
research in crippling diseases and occupational therapy.

Junior Maryanna Gerbode, an anthropology major from Union
Residence, has been selected as one of 10 candidates for the title
of Queen of the annual Mardi Gr«s Kail, slated for Feb. 10 in San
Francisco. The traditional ball is sponsored by the San Francisco
Children's Hospital as a fund-raising function for the Hospital's
Little Jim Ward. Miss Gerbode is the only Stanford woman run
ning for queen. Persons contributing to the ward are allowed to
cast one vote for the candidate of their choice for each 10 cents
donated. Voting closes Feb. 3 and checks may be sent to the Little
Jim Ward, in care of Frederick Stent, Crocker Anglo Rank, 1 Mont
gomery St., San Francisco. Funds go to supporting the ward and
research in crippling diseases and occupational therapy.

Junior Maryanna Gerbode, an anthropology major from Union
Residence, has been selected as one of 10 candidates for the title
of Queen of the annual Mardi Gr«s Kail, slated for Feb. 10 in San
Francisco. The traditional ball is sponsored by the San Francisco
Children's Hospital as a fund-raising function for the Hospital's
Little Jim Ward. Miss Gerbode is the only Stanford woman run
ning for queen. Persons contributing to the ward are allowed to
cast one vote for the candidate of their choice for each 10 cents
donated. Voting closes Feb. 3 and checks may be sent to the Little
Jim Ward, in care of Frederick Stent, Crocker Anglo Rank, 1 Mont
gomery St., San Francisco. Funds go to supporting the ward and
research in crippling diseases and occupational therapy.

Junior Maryanna Gerbode, an anthropology major from Union
Residence, has been selected as one of 10 candidates for the title
of Queen of the annual Mardi Gr«s Kail, slated for Feb. 10 in San
Francisco. The traditional ball is sponsored by the San Francisco
Children's Hospital as a fund-raising function for the Hospital's
Little Jim Ward. Miss Gerbode is the only Stanford woman run
ning for queen. Persons contributing to the ward are allowed to
cast one vote for the candidate of their choice for each 10 cents
donated. Voting closes Feb. 3 and checks may be sent to the Little
Jim Ward, in care of Frederick Stent, Crocker Anglo Rank, 1 Mont
gomery St., San Francisco. Funds go to supporting the ward and
research in crippling diseases and occupational therapy.

Junior Maryanna Gerbode, an anthropology major from Union
Residence, has been selected as one of 10 candidates for the title
of Queen of the annual Mardi Gr«s Kail, slated for Feb. 10 in San
Francisco. The traditional ball is sponsored by the San Francisco
Children's Hospital as a fund-raising function for the Hospital's
Little Jim Ward. Miss Gerbode is the only Stanford woman run
ning for queen. Persons contributing to the ward are allowed to
cast one vote for the candidate of their choice for each 10 cents
donated. Voting closes Feb. 3 and checks may be sent to the Little
Jim Ward, in care of Frederick Stent, Crocker Anglo Rank, 1 Mont
gomery St., San Francisco. Funds go to supporting the ward and
research in crippling diseases and occupational therapy.

Junior Maryanna Gerbode, an anthropology major from Union
Residence, has been selected as one of 10 candidates for the title
of Queen of the annual Mardi Gr«s Kail, slated for Feb. 10 in San
Francisco. The traditional ball is sponsored by the San Francisco
Children's Hospital as a fund-raising function for the Hospital's
Little Jim Ward. Miss Gerbode is the only Stanford woman run
ning for queen. Persons contributing to the ward are allowed to
cast one vote for the candidate of their choice for each 10 cents
donated. Voting closes Feb. 3 and checks may be sent to the Little
Jim Ward, in care of Frederick Stent, Crocker Anglo Rank, 1 Mont
gomery St., San Francisco. Funds go to supporting the ward and
research in crippling diseases and occupational therapy.

Junior Maryanna Gerbode, an anthropology major from Union
Residence, has been selected as one of 10 candidates for the title
of Queen of the annual Mardi Gr«s Kail, slated for Feb. 10 in San
Francisco. The traditional ball is sponsored by the San Francisco
Children's Hospital as a fund-raising function for the Hospital's
Little Jim Ward. Miss Gerbode is the only Stanford woman run
ning for queen. Persons contributing to the ward are allowed to
cast one vote for the candidate of their choice for each 10 cents
donated. Voting closes Feb. 3 and checks may be sent to the Little
Jim Ward, in care of Frederick Stent, Crocker Anglo Rank, 1 Mont
gomery St., San Francisco. Funds go to supporting the ward and
research in crippling diseases and occupational therapy.

Junior Maryanna Gerbode, an anthropology major from Union
Residence, has been selected as one of 10 candidates for the title
of Queen of the annual Mardi Gr«s Kail, slated for Feb. 10 in San
Francisco. The traditional ball is sponsored by the San Francisco
Children's Hospital as a fund-raising function for the Hospital's
Little Jim Ward. Miss Gerbode is the only Stanford woman run
ning for queen. Persons contributing to the ward are allowed to
cast one vote for the candidate of their choice for each 10 cents
donated. Voting closes Feb. 3 and checks may be sent to the Little
Jim Ward, in care of Frederick Stent, Crocker Anglo Rank, 1 Mont
gomery St., San Francisco. Funds go to supporting the ward and
research in crippling diseases and occupational therapy.

Junior Maryanna Gerbode, an anthropology major from Union
Residence, has been selected as one of 10 candidates for the title
of Queen of the annual Mardi Gr«s Kail, slated for Feb. 10 in San
Francisco. The traditional ball is sponsored by the San Francisco
Children's Hospital as a fund-raising function for the Hospital's
Little Jim Ward. Miss Gerbode is the only Stanford woman run
ning for queen. Persons contributing to the ward are allowed to
cast one vote for the candidate of their choice for each 10 cents
donated. Voting closes Feb. 3 and checks may be sent to the Little
Jim Ward, in care of Frederick Stent, Crocker Anglo Rank, 1 Mont
gomery St., San Francisco. Funds go to supporting the ward and
research in crippling diseases and occupational therapy.

Junior Maryanna Gerbode, an anthropology major from Union
Residence, has been selected as one of 10 candidates for the title
of Queen of the annual Mardi Gr«s Kail, slated for Feb. 10 in San
Francisco. The traditional ball is sponsored by the San Francisco
Children's Hospital as a fund-raising function for the Hospital's
Little Jim Ward. Miss Gerbode is the only Stanford woman run
ning for queen. Persons contributing to the ward are allowed to
cast one vote for the candidate of their choice for each 10 cents
donated. Voting closes Feb. 3 and checks may be sent to the Little
Jim Ward, in care of Frederick Stent, Crocker Anglo Rank, 1 Mont
gomery St., San Francisco. Funds go to supporting the ward and
research in crippling diseases and occupational therapy.

Junior Maryanna Gerbode, an anthropology major from Union
Residence, has been selected as one of 10 candidates for the title
of Queen of the annual Mardi Gr«s Kail, slated for Feb. 10 in San
Francisco. The traditional ball is sponsored by the San Francisco
Children's Hospital as a fund-raising function for the Hospital's
Little Jim Ward. Miss Gerbode is the only Stanford woman run
ning for queen. Persons contributing to the ward are allowed to
cast one vote for the candidate of their choice for each 10 cents
donated. Voting closes Feb. 3 and checks may be sent to the Little
Jim Ward, in care of Frederick Stent, Crocker Anglo Rank, 1 Mont
gomery St., San Francisco. Funds go to supporting the ward and
research in crippling diseases and occupational therapy.

Junior Maryanna Gerbode, an anthropology major from Union
Residence, has been selected as one of 10 candidates for the title
of Queen of the annual Mardi Gr«s Kail, slated for Feb. 10 in San
Francisco. The traditional ball is sponsored by the San Francisco
Children's Hospital as a fund-raising function for the Hospital's
Little Jim Ward. Miss Gerbode is the only Stanford woman run
ning for queen. Persons contributing to the ward are allowed to
cast one vote for the candidate of their choice for each 10 cents
donated. Voting closes Feb. 3 and checks may be sent to the Little
Jim Ward, in care of Frederick Stent, Crocker Anglo Rank, 1 Mont
gomery St., San Francisco. Funds go to supporting the ward and
research in crippling diseases and occupational therapy.

Junior Maryanna Gerbode, an anthropology major from Union
Residence, has been selected as one of 10 candidates for the title
of Queen of the annual Mardi Gr«s Kail, slated for Feb. 10 in San
Francisco. The traditional ball is sponsored by the San Francisco
Children's Hospital as a fund-raising function for the Hospital's
Little Jim Ward. Miss Gerbode is the only Stanford woman run
ning for queen. Persons contributing to the ward are allowed to
cast one vote for the candidate of their choice for each 10 cents
donated. Voting closes Feb. 3 and checks may be sent to the Little
Jim Ward, in care of Frederick Stent, Crocker Anglo Rank, 1 Mont
gomery St., San Francisco. Funds go to supporting the ward and
research in crippling diseases and occupational therapy.

Junior Maryanna Gerbode, an anthropology major from Union
Residence, has been selected as one of 10 candidates for the title
of Queen of the annual Mardi Gr«s Kail, slated for Feb. 10 in San
Francisco. The traditional ball is sponsored by the San Francisco
Children's Hospital as a fund-raising function for the Hospital's
Little Jim Ward. Miss Gerbode is the only Stanford woman run
ning for queen. Persons contributing to the ward are allowed to
cast one vote for the candidate of their choice for each 10 cents
donated. Voting closes Feb. 3 and checks may be sent to the Little
Jim Ward, in care of Frederick Stent, Crocker Anglo Rank, 1 Mont
gomery St., San Francisco. Funds go to supporting the ward and
research in crippling diseases and occupational therapy.

