# Adv. 68 Page 16
## 
### 
You can't cure colorectal
cancer if you don't know
you have it.
Call us.
V AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY
Learn to live with someone
who's living with cancer.
Call us.
CANCER SOCIETY
If everyone over 50 had
colorectalcancer checkups,
the cure rate could be 75%.
I Callus.
V AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY
You can't cure colorectal
cancer if you don't know
you have it.
Call us.
V AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY
Learn to live with someone
who's living with cancer.
Call us.
CANCER SOCIETY
If everyone over 50 had
colorectalcancer checkups,
the cure rate could be 75%.
I Callus.
V AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY
You can't cure colorectal
cancer if you don't know
you have it.
Call us.
V AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY
Learn to live with someone
who's living with cancer.
Call us.
CANCER SOCIETY
If everyone over 50 had
colorectalcancer checkups,
the cure rate could be 75%.
I Callus.
V AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY
You can't cure colorectal
cancer if you don't know
you have it.
Call us.
V AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY
Learn to live with someone
who's living with cancer.
Call us.
CANCER SOCIETY
If everyone over 50 had
colorectalcancer checkups,
the cure rate could be 75%.
I Callus.
V AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY
You can't cure colorectal
cancer if you don't know
you have it.
Call us.
V AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY
Learn to live with someone
who's living with cancer.
Call us.
CANCER SOCIETY
If everyone over 50 had
colorectalcancer checkups,
the cure rate could be 75%.
I Callus.
V AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY
You can't cure colorectal
cancer if you don't know
you have it.
Call us.
V AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY
Learn to live with someone
who's living with cancer.
Call us.
CANCER SOCIETY
If everyone over 50 had
colorectalcancer checkups,
the cure rate could be 75%.
I Callus.
V AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY
You can't cure colorectal
cancer if you don't know
you have it.
Call us.
V AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY
Learn to live with someone
who's living with cancer.
Call us.
CANCER SOCIETY
If everyone over 50 had
colorectalcancer checkups,
the cure rate could be 75%.
I Callus.
V AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY
You can't cure colorectal
cancer if you don't know
you have it.
Call us.
V AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY
Learn to live with someone
who's living with cancer.
Call us.
CANCER SOCIETY
If everyone over 50 had
colorectalcancer checkups,
the cure rate could be 75%.
I Callus.
V AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY
