# Preacher feature
## 
### MICHAEL NEWMAN Editorial staff 
Jed Smock is a man with a mis
sion, or at least an entertaining
show.
Smock, a former U.S. history
professor at the University of Wis-

* ""«■
consin, spends most of his after
noons as ringleader in a kind of
evangelical circus, traveling to col
lege campuses across the country,
preaching his peculiar brand of
Christianity.
And this week, his traveling

circus of sorts set up its tent in
White Plaza.
"I do what I do for the glory of
God and to serve my fellow man,"
Smock claimed. At the same time,
he admitted that he uses "a lot of
antics to gain and hold people's at
tention."
Smock is affiliated with a group
called Campus Ministries U.S.A.,
which sends teams of preachers to
campuses across the countiy. The
organization's goal, according to
Smock, is to "lead people toward
God, love and Jesus Christ."

Feature
