# Adv. 20 Page 4
## 
### 
Learn or advance in Ger
man, French or Spanish
next summer in Europe by
attending intensive class
es, living with European
families.
CLASSROOMS ABROAD
4171 University Station
Minneapolis 1 4, Minnesota
Learn or advance in Ger
man, French or Spanish
next summer in Europe by
attending intensive class
es, living with European
families.
CLASSROOMS ABROAD
4171 University Station
Minneapolis 1 4, Minnesota
Learn or advance in Ger
man, French or Spanish
next summer in Europe by
attending intensive class
es, living with European
families.
CLASSROOMS ABROAD
4171 University Station
Minneapolis 1 4, Minnesota
Learn or advance in Ger
man, French or Spanish
next summer in Europe by
attending intensive class
es, living with European
families.
CLASSROOMS ABROAD
4171 University Station
Minneapolis 1 4, Minnesota
Learn or advance in Ger
man, French or Spanish
next summer in Europe by
attending intensive class
es, living with European
families.
CLASSROOMS ABROAD
4171 University Station
Minneapolis 1 4, Minnesota
Learn or advance in Ger
man, French or Spanish
next summer in Europe by
attending intensive class
es, living with European
families.
CLASSROOMS ABROAD
4171 University Station
Minneapolis 1 4, Minnesota
Learn or advance in Ger
man, French or Spanish
next summer in Europe by
attending intensive class
es, living with European
families.
CLASSROOMS ABROAD
4171 University Station
Minneapolis 1 4, Minnesota
Learn or advance in Ger
man, French or Spanish
next summer in Europe by
attending intensive class
es, living with European
families.
CLASSROOMS ABROAD
4171 University Station
Minneapolis 1 4, Minnesota
Learn or advance in Ger
man, French or Spanish
next summer in Europe by
attending intensive class
es, living with European
families.
CLASSROOMS ABROAD
4171 University Station
Minneapolis 1 4, Minnesota
Learn or advance in Ger
man, French or Spanish
next summer in Europe by
attending intensive class
es, living with European
families.
CLASSROOMS ABROAD
4171 University Station
Minneapolis 1 4, Minnesota
Learn or advance in Ger
man, French or Spanish
next summer in Europe by
attending intensive class
es, living with European
families.
CLASSROOMS ABROAD
4171 University Station
Minneapolis 1 4, Minnesota
Learn or advance in Ger
man, French or Spanish
next summer in Europe by
attending intensive class
es, living with European
families.
CLASSROOMS ABROAD
4171 University Station
Minneapolis 1 4, Minnesota
Learn or advance in Ger
man, French or Spanish
next summer in Europe by
attending intensive class
es, living with European
families.
CLASSROOMS ABROAD
4171 University Station
Minneapolis 1 4, Minnesota
Learn or advance in Ger
man, French or Spanish
next summer in Europe by
attending intensive class
es, living with European
families.
CLASSROOMS ABROAD
4171 University Station
Minneapolis 1 4, Minnesota
Learn or advance in Ger
man, French or Spanish
next summer in Europe by
attending intensive class
es, living with European
families.
CLASSROOMS ABROAD
4171 University Station
Minneapolis 1 4, Minnesota
Learn or advance in Ger
man, French or Spanish
next summer in Europe by
attending intensive class
es, living with European
families.
CLASSROOMS ABROAD
4171 University Station
Minneapolis 1 4, Minnesota
