# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Three of UCLA's starting live.
Bill Ellis, John Green, and John
Berberich. transferred to West
wood from junior colleges this
year.
Three of UCLA's starting live.
Bill Ellis, John Green, and John
Berberich. transferred to West
wood from junior colleges this
year.
Three of UCLA's starting live.
Bill Ellis, John Green, and John
Berberich. transferred to West
wood from junior colleges this
year.
Three of UCLA's starting live.
Bill Ellis, John Green, and John
Berberich. transferred to West
wood from junior colleges this
year.
Three of UCLA's starting live.
Bill Ellis, John Green, and John
Berberich. transferred to West
wood from junior colleges this
year.
Three of UCLA's starting live.
Bill Ellis, John Green, and John
Berberich. transferred to West
wood from junior colleges this
year.
Three of UCLA's starting live.
Bill Ellis, John Green, and John
Berberich. transferred to West
wood from junior colleges this
year.
Three of UCLA's starting live.
Bill Ellis, John Green, and John
Berberich. transferred to West
wood from junior colleges this
year.
Three of UCLA's starting live.
Bill Ellis, John Green, and John
Berberich. transferred to West
wood from junior colleges this
year.
Three of UCLA's starting live.
Bill Ellis, John Green, and John
Berberich. transferred to West
wood from junior colleges this
year.
Three of UCLA's starting live.
Bill Ellis, John Green, and John
Berberich. transferred to West
wood from junior colleges this
year.
Three of UCLA's starting live.
Bill Ellis, John Green, and John
Berberich. transferred to West
wood from junior colleges this
year.
Three of UCLA's starting live.
Bill Ellis, John Green, and John
Berberich. transferred to West
wood from junior colleges this
year.
Three of UCLA's starting live.
Bill Ellis, John Green, and John
Berberich. transferred to West
wood from junior colleges this
year.
Three of UCLA's starting live.
Bill Ellis, John Green, and John
Berberich. transferred to West
wood from junior colleges this
year.
Three of UCLA's starting live.
Bill Ellis, John Green, and John
Berberich. transferred to West
wood from junior colleges this
year.
