# Military Queen
## 
### 
A Stanford girl will be chosen
for the Military Ball Queen this
year according to the Naval Quar
terdeck Committee in charge of
the Queen Contest.
A Stanford girl will be chosen
for the Military Ball Queen this
year according to the Naval Quar
terdeck Committee in charge of
the Queen Contest.
A Stanford girl will be chosen
for the Military Ball Queen this
year according to the Naval Quar
terdeck Committee in charge of
the Queen Contest.
A Stanford girl will be chosen
for the Military Ball Queen this
year according to the Naval Quar
terdeck Committee in charge of
the Queen Contest.
A Stanford girl will be chosen
for the Military Ball Queen this
year according to the Naval Quar
terdeck Committee in charge of
the Queen Contest.
A Stanford girl will be chosen
for the Military Ball Queen this
year according to the Naval Quar
terdeck Committee in charge of
the Queen Contest.
A Stanford girl will be chosen
for the Military Ball Queen this
year according to the Naval Quar
terdeck Committee in charge of
the Queen Contest.
A Stanford girl will be chosen
for the Military Ball Queen this
year according to the Naval Quar
terdeck Committee in charge of
the Queen Contest.
A Stanford girl will be chosen
for the Military Ball Queen this
year according to the Naval Quar
terdeck Committee in charge of
the Queen Contest.
A Stanford girl will be chosen
for the Military Ball Queen this
year according to the Naval Quar
terdeck Committee in charge of
the Queen Contest.
A Stanford girl will be chosen
for the Military Ball Queen this
year according to the Naval Quar
terdeck Committee in charge of
the Queen Contest.
A Stanford girl will be chosen
for the Military Ball Queen this
year according to the Naval Quar
terdeck Committee in charge of
the Queen Contest.
A Stanford girl will be chosen
for the Military Ball Queen this
year according to the Naval Quar
terdeck Committee in charge of
the Queen Contest.
A Stanford girl will be chosen
for the Military Ball Queen this
year according to the Naval Quar
terdeck Committee in charge of
the Queen Contest.
A Stanford girl will be chosen
for the Military Ball Queen this
year according to the Naval Quar
terdeck Committee in charge of
the Queen Contest.
A Stanford girl will be chosen
for the Military Ball Queen this
year according to the Naval Quar
terdeck Committee in charge of
the Queen Contest.
