# Letters to the Editor
## 
### 
Affidavit Issue
Editor, The Daily:
Your editorial of Feb. 3rd
makes some rather vague state
ments which I hope you can and
will clarify for me (and your
readersi.
What, in the accompanying un
biased "historical background" of
the loyalty oath - affidavit issue
showed the affidavit to be a
threat 1o civil rights and aca
demic freedom?
What is the difference between
swearing to bear "True faith and
allegiance to the United States
against all its enemies, foreign
and domestic" and making an af
fidavit to the effect that you do
not support such enemies?
Who are the "self appointed
crusaders" of whom you speak?
The congressmen elected' and
judged by the people of the
United States? If exposing com
munists to the "tenets of demo
cracy" automatically shows them
their "misconceptions and weak
nesses," why are there any com
munists left in this country? Or
is communism, unfettered by re
spect for truth, more persuasive
in ihe "market place of ideas?"
Is communism perhaps tlie better
answer to the problem of order?
And just how doeÂ« refusing to
aid communists "deny" them an
education? Do they have an in
alienable right to be educated at
our expense?
Many students, you say, have
no choice; without this money
they could not remain in school.
Do you have concrete facts to
support this statement or it is an
assumption on your part?
And by all means, let us tag

along in the wake of Harvard and
Yale. Since they have rejected
these funds, it must be the right
thing to do. We don't even have
to think about it.
It nice M. Smith
A Challenge
Editor, The Daily:
To refer to the Candlelight serv
ivo in Wednesday's Daily as an
"escape from the hectic activities
of the campus" would seem to be
misleading.
Granted that meditation and
prayer are a refuge and a much
needed refuge for any student,
but escape implies the attitude of

gelling away from something un
desirable. gel ting away from the
hectic activities of the campus.
Prayer and meditation, at best,
re-orientate and vivify a student
not as an escape or in order to
escape but rather to challenge to
a wiser and more effective in
volvement in these hectic activi
ties.
Bruce Johnson
