# Interdependence on Third World
## 
### 
Peter Tarnoff, former ex
ecutive secretary of the
U.S. Department of State,
spoke yesterday noon to
a crowd of 50 at the
Bechtel International
Center on U.S. policy
towards the Third World.
He emphasized this
country's growing eco
nomic reliance on de
veloping countries both
as sources of raw materi
als and as export markets
for U.S. products.


Diane Greening/Daily
Peter Tarnoff, former ex
ecutive secretary of the
U.S. Department of State,
spoke yesterday noon to
a crowd of 50 at the
Bechtel International
Center on U.S. policy
towards the Third World.
He emphasized this
country's growing eco
nomic reliance on de
veloping countries both
as sources of raw materi
als and as export markets
for U.S. products.


Diane Greening/Daily
Peter Tarnoff, former ex
ecutive secretary of the
U.S. Department of State,
spoke yesterday noon to
a crowd of 50 at the
Bechtel International
Center on U.S. policy
towards the Third World.
He emphasized this
country's growing eco
nomic reliance on de
veloping countries both
as sources of raw materi
als and as export markets
for U.S. products.


Diane Greening/Daily
Peter Tarnoff, former ex
ecutive secretary of the
U.S. Department of State,
spoke yesterday noon to
a crowd of 50 at the
Bechtel International
Center on U.S. policy
towards the Third World.
He emphasized this
country's growing eco
nomic reliance on de
veloping countries both
as sources of raw materi
als and as export markets
for U.S. products.


Diane Greening/Daily
Peter Tarnoff, former ex
ecutive secretary of the
U.S. Department of State,
spoke yesterday noon to
a crowd of 50 at the
Bechtel International
Center on U.S. policy
towards the Third World.
He emphasized this
country's growing eco
nomic reliance on de
veloping countries both
as sources of raw materi
als and as export markets
for U.S. products.


Diane Greening/Daily
Peter Tarnoff, former ex
ecutive secretary of the
U.S. Department of State,
spoke yesterday noon to
a crowd of 50 at the
Bechtel International
Center on U.S. policy
towards the Third World.
He emphasized this
country's growing eco
nomic reliance on de
veloping countries both
as sources of raw materi
als and as export markets
for U.S. products.


Diane Greening/Daily
Peter Tarnoff, former ex
ecutive secretary of the
U.S. Department of State,
spoke yesterday noon to
a crowd of 50 at the
Bechtel International
Center on U.S. policy
towards the Third World.
He emphasized this
country's growing eco
nomic reliance on de
veloping countries both
as sources of raw materi
als and as export markets
for U.S. products.


Diane Greening/Daily
Peter Tarnoff, former ex
ecutive secretary of the
U.S. Department of State,
spoke yesterday noon to
a crowd of 50 at the
Bechtel International
Center on U.S. policy
towards the Third World.
He emphasized this
country's growing eco
nomic reliance on de
veloping countries both
as sources of raw materi
als and as export markets
for U.S. products.


Diane Greening/Daily
Peter Tarnoff, former ex
ecutive secretary of the
U.S. Department of State,
spoke yesterday noon to
a crowd of 50 at the
Bechtel International
Center on U.S. policy
towards the Third World.
He emphasized this
country's growing eco
nomic reliance on de
veloping countries both
as sources of raw materi
als and as export markets
for U.S. products.


Diane Greening/Daily
