# Y.M.C.A. Meeting.
## 
### 
At the regular Tuesday evening
lecture course under Y. M. C. A.
auspices Charles L. Duncan, '04,
will address the men of the Uni
versity tomorrow evening at 7:15,
in the chapel, on the subject "A
Working Plan."
At the regular Tuesday evening
lecture course under Y. M. C. A.
auspices Charles L. Duncan, '04,
will address the men of the Uni
versity tomorrow evening at 7:15,
in the chapel, on the subject "A
Working Plan."
At the regular Tuesday evening
lecture course under Y. M. C. A.
auspices Charles L. Duncan, '04,
will address the men of the Uni
versity tomorrow evening at 7:15,
in the chapel, on the subject "A
Working Plan."
At the regular Tuesday evening
lecture course under Y. M. C. A.
auspices Charles L. Duncan, '04,
will address the men of the Uni
versity tomorrow evening at 7:15,
in the chapel, on the subject "A
Working Plan."
At the regular Tuesday evening
lecture course under Y. M. C. A.
auspices Charles L. Duncan, '04,
will address the men of the Uni
versity tomorrow evening at 7:15,
in the chapel, on the subject "A
Working Plan."
At the regular Tuesday evening
lecture course under Y. M. C. A.
auspices Charles L. Duncan, '04,
will address the men of the Uni
versity tomorrow evening at 7:15,
in the chapel, on the subject "A
Working Plan."
At the regular Tuesday evening
lecture course under Y. M. C. A.
auspices Charles L. Duncan, '04,
will address the men of the Uni
versity tomorrow evening at 7:15,
in the chapel, on the subject "A
Working Plan."
