# Director of Encina Club.
## 
### 
B. C. Bubb, '04, has been ap
pointed a director of the Encina
Club to succeed W. E. Tritch,
ex-'O4. The directors have appoint
ed C. G. Atwood, '06, treasurer of
the club.
B. C. Bubb, '04, has been ap
pointed a director of the Encina
Club to succeed W. E. Tritch,
ex-'O4. The directors have appoint
ed C. G. Atwood, '06, treasurer of
the club.
B. C. Bubb, '04, has been ap
pointed a director of the Encina
Club to succeed W. E. Tritch,
ex-'O4. The directors have appoint
ed C. G. Atwood, '06, treasurer of
the club.
B. C. Bubb, '04, has been ap
pointed a director of the Encina
Club to succeed W. E. Tritch,
ex-'O4. The directors have appoint
ed C. G. Atwood, '06, treasurer of
the club.
B. C. Bubb, '04, has been ap
pointed a director of the Encina
Club to succeed W. E. Tritch,
ex-'O4. The directors have appoint
ed C. G. Atwood, '06, treasurer of
the club.
B. C. Bubb, '04, has been ap
pointed a director of the Encina
Club to succeed W. E. Tritch,
ex-'O4. The directors have appoint
ed C. G. Atwood, '06, treasurer of
the club.
B. C. Bubb, '04, has been ap
pointed a director of the Encina
Club to succeed W. E. Tritch,
ex-'O4. The directors have appoint
ed C. G. Atwood, '06, treasurer of
the club.
