# Studio 63 to Give 'Duets on a Theme'
## 
### 
“Duets on a Theme,” the first,
production open to the public of
the newly organized Studio 63
theatre of the Stanford Players
will be presented tonight, tomor
row, and Saturday night at 7:30
in the Old Nitery of the old Un
ion Building. Admission is free.
The one act play was written
and is being directed by Samira
Kirollos, with music composed
for the play by William Bolcom
of the Stanford Music Depart
ment. Miss Kirollos is a native of
Egypt who has taken her masters
in Drama in the United States
and is here at Stanford working
towards her doctorate.
Focusing on the character ten
sion of a European family which
much choose between the security
of the ancestral estate and the
modern world, the semi-incestu
ous relationships of the family
are explained in the course of the
play by the strangely insular
need for loving which ties them
together.
Included in the cast of “Duets
on a Theme” are Professor Isa
bell Schevill of the Spanish De
partment: Lisa Lauterer, last
seen in the Stanford production
of Pirandello’s “Six Players in
Search of an Author;” William
Louis, who performed as the Por
ter in “Macbeth;” Lance Harman,
a student of the Drama Depart
ment; and Ellen Headley, who re
cently performed Lady Macbeth
at Stanford.

Studio 63 is an experimental
theatre group which has been re
cently organized by the Stanford
Players for those who are inter
ested in experimental plays and
their production. It makes its
headquarters in the Old Nltery
which, with its marble fireplace
and wood paneling, can be aptly
adapted to experimental produc
tions.

Studio 63 performed a number
of productions last quarter, but
“Duets on a Theme” is the first
production which has been open
to the public. The group expects
to follow this production with
others of the same type.
Other productions under the
sponsorship of the Stanford Play
ers include “The Matchmaker”
which will open in Memorial Au
ditorium a week from Friday.
There will be performances on
Friday, Feb. 1, 2, 7, 8, and 9.
Tickets are on sale at the Tresid
der Union Box Office.
“Duets on a Theme,” the first,
production open to the public of
the newly organized Studio 63
theatre of the Stanford Players
will be presented tonight, tomor
row, and Saturday night at 7:30
in the Old Nitery of the old Un
ion Building. Admission is free.
The one act play was written
and is being directed by Samira
Kirollos, with music composed
for the play by William Bolcom
of the Stanford Music Depart
ment. Miss Kirollos is a native of
Egypt who has taken her masters
in Drama in the United States
and is here at Stanford working
towards her doctorate.
Focusing on the character ten
sion of a European family which
much choose between the security
of the ancestral estate and the
modern world, the semi-incestu
ous relationships of the family
are explained in the course of the
play by the strangely insular
need for loving which ties them
together.
Included in the cast of “Duets
on a Theme” are Professor Isa
bell Schevill of the Spanish De
partment: Lisa Lauterer, last
seen in the Stanford production
of Pirandello’s “Six Players in
Search of an Author;” William
Louis, who performed as the Por
ter in “Macbeth;” Lance Harman,
a student of the Drama Depart
ment; and Ellen Headley, who re
cently performed Lady Macbeth
at Stanford.

Studio 63 is an experimental
theatre group which has been re
cently organized by the Stanford
Players for those who are inter
ested in experimental plays and
their production. It makes its
headquarters in the Old Nltery
which, with its marble fireplace
and wood paneling, can be aptly
adapted to experimental produc
tions.

Studio 63 performed a number
of productions last quarter, but
“Duets on a Theme” is the first
production which has been open
to the public. The group expects
to follow this production with
others of the same type.
Other productions under the
sponsorship of the Stanford Play
ers include “The Matchmaker”
which will open in Memorial Au
ditorium a week from Friday.
There will be performances on
Friday, Feb. 1, 2, 7, 8, and 9.
Tickets are on sale at the Tresid
der Union Box Office.
“Duets on a Theme,” the first,
production open to the public of
the newly organized Studio 63
theatre of the Stanford Players
will be presented tonight, tomor
row, and Saturday night at 7:30
in the Old Nitery of the old Un
ion Building. Admission is free.
The one act play was written
and is being directed by Samira
Kirollos, with music composed
for the play by William Bolcom
of the Stanford Music Depart
ment. Miss Kirollos is a native of
Egypt who has taken her masters
in Drama in the United States
and is here at Stanford working
towards her doctorate.
Focusing on the character ten
sion of a European family which
much choose between the security
of the ancestral estate and the
modern world, the semi-incestu
ous relationships of the family
are explained in the course of the
play by the strangely insular
need for loving which ties them
together.
Included in the cast of “Duets
on a Theme” are Professor Isa
bell Schevill of the Spanish De
partment: Lisa Lauterer, last
seen in the Stanford production
of Pirandello’s “Six Players in
Search of an Author;” William
Louis, who performed as the Por
ter in “Macbeth;” Lance Harman,
a student of the Drama Depart
ment; and Ellen Headley, who re
cently performed Lady Macbeth
at Stanford.

Studio 63 is an experimental
theatre group which has been re
cently organized by the Stanford
Players for those who are inter
ested in experimental plays and
their production. It makes its
headquarters in the Old Nltery
which, with its marble fireplace
and wood paneling, can be aptly
adapted to experimental produc
tions.

Studio 63 performed a number
of productions last quarter, but
“Duets on a Theme” is the first
production which has been open
to the public. The group expects
to follow this production with
others of the same type.
Other productions under the
sponsorship of the Stanford Play
ers include “The Matchmaker”
which will open in Memorial Au
ditorium a week from Friday.
There will be performances on
Friday, Feb. 1, 2, 7, 8, and 9.
Tickets are on sale at the Tresid
der Union Box Office.
“Duets on a Theme,” the first,
production open to the public of
the newly organized Studio 63
theatre of the Stanford Players
will be presented tonight, tomor
row, and Saturday night at 7:30
in the Old Nitery of the old Un
ion Building. Admission is free.
The one act play was written
and is being directed by Samira
Kirollos, with music composed
for the play by William Bolcom
of the Stanford Music Depart
ment. Miss Kirollos is a native of
Egypt who has taken her masters
in Drama in the United States
and is here at Stanford working
towards her doctorate.
Focusing on the character ten
sion of a European family which
much choose between the security
of the ancestral estate and the
modern world, the semi-incestu
ous relationships of the family
are explained in the course of the
play by the strangely insular
need for loving which ties them
together.
Included in the cast of “Duets
on a Theme” are Professor Isa
bell Schevill of the Spanish De
partment: Lisa Lauterer, last
seen in the Stanford production
of Pirandello’s “Six Players in
Search of an Author;” William
Louis, who performed as the Por
ter in “Macbeth;” Lance Harman,
a student of the Drama Depart
ment; and Ellen Headley, who re
cently performed Lady Macbeth
at Stanford.

Studio 63 is an experimental
theatre group which has been re
cently organized by the Stanford
Players for those who are inter
ested in experimental plays and
their production. It makes its
headquarters in the Old Nltery
which, with its marble fireplace
and wood paneling, can be aptly
adapted to experimental produc
tions.

Studio 63 performed a number
of productions last quarter, but
“Duets on a Theme” is the first
production which has been open
to the public. The group expects
to follow this production with
others of the same type.
Other productions under the
sponsorship of the Stanford Play
ers include “The Matchmaker”
which will open in Memorial Au
ditorium a week from Friday.
There will be performances on
Friday, Feb. 1, 2, 7, 8, and 9.
Tickets are on sale at the Tresid
der Union Box Office.
“Duets on a Theme,” the first,
production open to the public of
the newly organized Studio 63
theatre of the Stanford Players
will be presented tonight, tomor
row, and Saturday night at 7:30
in the Old Nitery of the old Un
ion Building. Admission is free.
The one act play was written
and is being directed by Samira
Kirollos, with music composed
for the play by William Bolcom
of the Stanford Music Depart
ment. Miss Kirollos is a native of
Egypt who has taken her masters
in Drama in the United States
and is here at Stanford working
towards her doctorate.
Focusing on the character ten
sion of a European family which
much choose between the security
of the ancestral estate and the
modern world, the semi-incestu
ous relationships of the family
are explained in the course of the
play by the strangely insular
need for loving which ties them
together.
Included in the cast of “Duets
on a Theme” are Professor Isa
bell Schevill of the Spanish De
partment: Lisa Lauterer, last
seen in the Stanford production
of Pirandello’s “Six Players in
Search of an Author;” William
Louis, who performed as the Por
ter in “Macbeth;” Lance Harman,
a student of the Drama Depart
ment; and Ellen Headley, who re
cently performed Lady Macbeth
at Stanford.

Studio 63 is an experimental
theatre group which has been re
cently organized by the Stanford
Players for those who are inter
ested in experimental plays and
their production. It makes its
headquarters in the Old Nltery
which, with its marble fireplace
and wood paneling, can be aptly
adapted to experimental produc
tions.

Studio 63 performed a number
of productions last quarter, but
“Duets on a Theme” is the first
production which has been open
to the public. The group expects
to follow this production with
others of the same type.
Other productions under the
sponsorship of the Stanford Play
ers include “The Matchmaker”
which will open in Memorial Au
ditorium a week from Friday.
There will be performances on
Friday, Feb. 1, 2, 7, 8, and 9.
Tickets are on sale at the Tresid
der Union Box Office.
“Duets on a Theme,” the first,
production open to the public of
the newly organized Studio 63
theatre of the Stanford Players
will be presented tonight, tomor
row, and Saturday night at 7:30
in the Old Nitery of the old Un
ion Building. Admission is free.
The one act play was written
and is being directed by Samira
Kirollos, with music composed
for the play by William Bolcom
of the Stanford Music Depart
ment. Miss Kirollos is a native of
Egypt who has taken her masters
in Drama in the United States
and is here at Stanford working
towards her doctorate.
Focusing on the character ten
sion of a European family which
much choose between the security
of the ancestral estate and the
modern world, the semi-incestu
ous relationships of the family
are explained in the course of the
play by the strangely insular
need for loving which ties them
together.
Included in the cast of “Duets
on a Theme” are Professor Isa
bell Schevill of the Spanish De
partment: Lisa Lauterer, last
seen in the Stanford production
of Pirandello’s “Six Players in
Search of an Author;” William
Louis, who performed as the Por
ter in “Macbeth;” Lance Harman,
a student of the Drama Depart
ment; and Ellen Headley, who re
cently performed Lady Macbeth
at Stanford.

Studio 63 is an experimental
theatre group which has been re
cently organized by the Stanford
Players for those who are inter
ested in experimental plays and
their production. It makes its
headquarters in the Old Nltery
which, with its marble fireplace
and wood paneling, can be aptly
adapted to experimental produc
tions.

Studio 63 performed a number
of productions last quarter, but
“Duets on a Theme” is the first
production which has been open
to the public. The group expects
to follow this production with
others of the same type.
Other productions under the
sponsorship of the Stanford Play
ers include “The Matchmaker”
which will open in Memorial Au
ditorium a week from Friday.
There will be performances on
Friday, Feb. 1, 2, 7, 8, and 9.
Tickets are on sale at the Tresid
der Union Box Office.
“Duets on a Theme,” the first,
production open to the public of
the newly organized Studio 63
theatre of the Stanford Players
will be presented tonight, tomor
row, and Saturday night at 7:30
in the Old Nitery of the old Un
ion Building. Admission is free.
The one act play was written
and is being directed by Samira
Kirollos, with music composed
for the play by William Bolcom
of the Stanford Music Depart
ment. Miss Kirollos is a native of
Egypt who has taken her masters
in Drama in the United States
and is here at Stanford working
towards her doctorate.
Focusing on the character ten
sion of a European family which
much choose between the security
of the ancestral estate and the
modern world, the semi-incestu
ous relationships of the family
are explained in the course of the
play by the strangely insular
need for loving which ties them
together.
Included in the cast of “Duets
on a Theme” are Professor Isa
bell Schevill of the Spanish De
partment: Lisa Lauterer, last
seen in the Stanford production
of Pirandello’s “Six Players in
Search of an Author;” William
Louis, who performed as the Por
ter in “Macbeth;” Lance Harman,
a student of the Drama Depart
ment; and Ellen Headley, who re
cently performed Lady Macbeth
at Stanford.

Studio 63 is an experimental
theatre group which has been re
cently organized by the Stanford
Players for those who are inter
ested in experimental plays and
their production. It makes its
headquarters in the Old Nltery
which, with its marble fireplace
and wood paneling, can be aptly
adapted to experimental produc
tions.

Studio 63 performed a number
of productions last quarter, but
“Duets on a Theme” is the first
production which has been open
to the public. The group expects
to follow this production with
others of the same type.
Other productions under the
sponsorship of the Stanford Play
ers include “The Matchmaker”
which will open in Memorial Au
ditorium a week from Friday.
There will be performances on
Friday, Feb. 1, 2, 7, 8, and 9.
Tickets are on sale at the Tresid
der Union Box Office.
“Duets on a Theme,” the first,
production open to the public of
the newly organized Studio 63
theatre of the Stanford Players
will be presented tonight, tomor
row, and Saturday night at 7:30
in the Old Nitery of the old Un
ion Building. Admission is free.
The one act play was written
and is being directed by Samira
Kirollos, with music composed
for the play by William Bolcom
of the Stanford Music Depart
ment. Miss Kirollos is a native of
Egypt who has taken her masters
in Drama in the United States
and is here at Stanford working
towards her doctorate.
Focusing on the character ten
sion of a European family which
much choose between the security
of the ancestral estate and the
modern world, the semi-incestu
ous relationships of the family
are explained in the course of the
play by the strangely insular
need for loving which ties them
together.
Included in the cast of “Duets
on a Theme” are Professor Isa
bell Schevill of the Spanish De
partment: Lisa Lauterer, last
seen in the Stanford production
of Pirandello’s “Six Players in
Search of an Author;” William
Louis, who performed as the Por
ter in “Macbeth;” Lance Harman,
a student of the Drama Depart
ment; and Ellen Headley, who re
cently performed Lady Macbeth
at Stanford.

Studio 63 is an experimental
theatre group which has been re
cently organized by the Stanford
Players for those who are inter
ested in experimental plays and
their production. It makes its
headquarters in the Old Nltery
which, with its marble fireplace
and wood paneling, can be aptly
adapted to experimental produc
tions.

Studio 63 performed a number
of productions last quarter, but
“Duets on a Theme” is the first
production which has been open
to the public. The group expects
to follow this production with
others of the same type.
Other productions under the
sponsorship of the Stanford Play
ers include “The Matchmaker”
which will open in Memorial Au
ditorium a week from Friday.
There will be performances on
Friday, Feb. 1, 2, 7, 8, and 9.
Tickets are on sale at the Tresid
der Union Box Office.
“Duets on a Theme,” the first,
production open to the public of
the newly organized Studio 63
theatre of the Stanford Players
will be presented tonight, tomor
row, and Saturday night at 7:30
in the Old Nitery of the old Un
ion Building. Admission is free.
The one act play was written
and is being directed by Samira
Kirollos, with music composed
for the play by William Bolcom
of the Stanford Music Depart
ment. Miss Kirollos is a native of
Egypt who has taken her masters
in Drama in the United States
and is here at Stanford working
towards her doctorate.
Focusing on the character ten
sion of a European family which
much choose between the security
of the ancestral estate and the
modern world, the semi-incestu
ous relationships of the family
are explained in the course of the
play by the strangely insular
need for loving which ties them
together.
Included in the cast of “Duets
on a Theme” are Professor Isa
bell Schevill of the Spanish De
partment: Lisa Lauterer, last
seen in the Stanford production
of Pirandello’s “Six Players in
Search of an Author;” William
Louis, who performed as the Por
ter in “Macbeth;” Lance Harman,
a student of the Drama Depart
ment; and Ellen Headley, who re
cently performed Lady Macbeth
at Stanford.

Studio 63 is an experimental
theatre group which has been re
cently organized by the Stanford
Players for those who are inter
ested in experimental plays and
their production. It makes its
headquarters in the Old Nltery
which, with its marble fireplace
and wood paneling, can be aptly
adapted to experimental produc
tions.

Studio 63 performed a number
of productions last quarter, but
“Duets on a Theme” is the first
production which has been open
to the public. The group expects
to follow this production with
others of the same type.
Other productions under the
sponsorship of the Stanford Play
ers include “The Matchmaker”
which will open in Memorial Au
ditorium a week from Friday.
There will be performances on
Friday, Feb. 1, 2, 7, 8, and 9.
Tickets are on sale at the Tresid
der Union Box Office.
“Duets on a Theme,” the first,
production open to the public of
the newly organized Studio 63
theatre of the Stanford Players
will be presented tonight, tomor
row, and Saturday night at 7:30
in the Old Nitery of the old Un
ion Building. Admission is free.
The one act play was written
and is being directed by Samira
Kirollos, with music composed
for the play by William Bolcom
of the Stanford Music Depart
ment. Miss Kirollos is a native of
Egypt who has taken her masters
in Drama in the United States
and is here at Stanford working
towards her doctorate.
Focusing on the character ten
sion of a European family which
much choose between the security
of the ancestral estate and the
modern world, the semi-incestu
ous relationships of the family
are explained in the course of the
play by the strangely insular
need for loving which ties them
together.
Included in the cast of “Duets
on a Theme” are Professor Isa
bell Schevill of the Spanish De
partment: Lisa Lauterer, last
seen in the Stanford production
of Pirandello’s “Six Players in
Search of an Author;” William
Louis, who performed as the Por
ter in “Macbeth;” Lance Harman,
a student of the Drama Depart
ment; and Ellen Headley, who re
cently performed Lady Macbeth
at Stanford.

Studio 63 is an experimental
theatre group which has been re
cently organized by the Stanford
Players for those who are inter
ested in experimental plays and
their production. It makes its
headquarters in the Old Nltery
which, with its marble fireplace
and wood paneling, can be aptly
adapted to experimental produc
tions.

Studio 63 performed a number
of productions last quarter, but
“Duets on a Theme” is the first
production which has been open
to the public. The group expects
to follow this production with
others of the same type.
Other productions under the
sponsorship of the Stanford Play
ers include “The Matchmaker”
which will open in Memorial Au
ditorium a week from Friday.
There will be performances on
Friday, Feb. 1, 2, 7, 8, and 9.
Tickets are on sale at the Tresid
der Union Box Office.
“Duets on a Theme,” the first,
production open to the public of
the newly organized Studio 63
theatre of the Stanford Players
will be presented tonight, tomor
row, and Saturday night at 7:30
in the Old Nitery of the old Un
ion Building. Admission is free.
The one act play was written
and is being directed by Samira
Kirollos, with music composed
for the play by William Bolcom
of the Stanford Music Depart
ment. Miss Kirollos is a native of
Egypt who has taken her masters
in Drama in the United States
and is here at Stanford working
towards her doctorate.
Focusing on the character ten
sion of a European family which
much choose between the security
of the ancestral estate and the
modern world, the semi-incestu
ous relationships of the family
are explained in the course of the
play by the strangely insular
need for loving which ties them
together.
Included in the cast of “Duets
on a Theme” are Professor Isa
bell Schevill of the Spanish De
partment: Lisa Lauterer, last
seen in the Stanford production
of Pirandello’s “Six Players in
Search of an Author;” William
Louis, who performed as the Por
ter in “Macbeth;” Lance Harman,
a student of the Drama Depart
ment; and Ellen Headley, who re
cently performed Lady Macbeth
at Stanford.

Studio 63 is an experimental
theatre group which has been re
cently organized by the Stanford
Players for those who are inter
ested in experimental plays and
their production. It makes its
headquarters in the Old Nltery
which, with its marble fireplace
and wood paneling, can be aptly
adapted to experimental produc
tions.

Studio 63 performed a number
of productions last quarter, but
“Duets on a Theme” is the first
production which has been open
to the public. The group expects
to follow this production with
others of the same type.
Other productions under the
sponsorship of the Stanford Play
ers include “The Matchmaker”
which will open in Memorial Au
ditorium a week from Friday.
There will be performances on
Friday, Feb. 1, 2, 7, 8, and 9.
Tickets are on sale at the Tresid
der Union Box Office.
“Duets on a Theme,” the first,
production open to the public of
the newly organized Studio 63
theatre of the Stanford Players
will be presented tonight, tomor
row, and Saturday night at 7:30
in the Old Nitery of the old Un
ion Building. Admission is free.
The one act play was written
and is being directed by Samira
Kirollos, with music composed
for the play by William Bolcom
of the Stanford Music Depart
ment. Miss Kirollos is a native of
Egypt who has taken her masters
in Drama in the United States
and is here at Stanford working
towards her doctorate.
Focusing on the character ten
sion of a European family which
much choose between the security
of the ancestral estate and the
modern world, the semi-incestu
ous relationships of the family
are explained in the course of the
play by the strangely insular
need for loving which ties them
together.
Included in the cast of “Duets
on a Theme” are Professor Isa
bell Schevill of the Spanish De
partment: Lisa Lauterer, last
seen in the Stanford production
of Pirandello’s “Six Players in
Search of an Author;” William
Louis, who performed as the Por
ter in “Macbeth;” Lance Harman,
a student of the Drama Depart
ment; and Ellen Headley, who re
cently performed Lady Macbeth
at Stanford.

Studio 63 is an experimental
theatre group which has been re
cently organized by the Stanford
Players for those who are inter
ested in experimental plays and
their production. It makes its
headquarters in the Old Nltery
which, with its marble fireplace
and wood paneling, can be aptly
adapted to experimental produc
tions.

Studio 63 performed a number
of productions last quarter, but
“Duets on a Theme” is the first
production which has been open
to the public. The group expects
to follow this production with
others of the same type.
Other productions under the
sponsorship of the Stanford Play
ers include “The Matchmaker”
which will open in Memorial Au
ditorium a week from Friday.
There will be performances on
Friday, Feb. 1, 2, 7, 8, and 9.
Tickets are on sale at the Tresid
der Union Box Office.
“Duets on a Theme,” the first,
production open to the public of
the newly organized Studio 63
theatre of the Stanford Players
will be presented tonight, tomor
row, and Saturday night at 7:30
in the Old Nitery of the old Un
ion Building. Admission is free.
The one act play was written
and is being directed by Samira
Kirollos, with music composed
for the play by William Bolcom
of the Stanford Music Depart
ment. Miss Kirollos is a native of
Egypt who has taken her masters
in Drama in the United States
and is here at Stanford working
towards her doctorate.
Focusing on the character ten
sion of a European family which
much choose between the security
of the ancestral estate and the
modern world, the semi-incestu
ous relationships of the family
are explained in the course of the
play by the strangely insular
need for loving which ties them
together.
Included in the cast of “Duets
on a Theme” are Professor Isa
bell Schevill of the Spanish De
partment: Lisa Lauterer, last
seen in the Stanford production
of Pirandello’s “Six Players in
Search of an Author;” William
Louis, who performed as the Por
ter in “Macbeth;” Lance Harman,
a student of the Drama Depart
ment; and Ellen Headley, who re
cently performed Lady Macbeth
at Stanford.

Studio 63 is an experimental
theatre group which has been re
cently organized by the Stanford
Players for those who are inter
ested in experimental plays and
their production. It makes its
headquarters in the Old Nltery
which, with its marble fireplace
and wood paneling, can be aptly
adapted to experimental produc
tions.

Studio 63 performed a number
of productions last quarter, but
“Duets on a Theme” is the first
production which has been open
to the public. The group expects
to follow this production with
others of the same type.
Other productions under the
sponsorship of the Stanford Play
ers include “The Matchmaker”
which will open in Memorial Au
ditorium a week from Friday.
There will be performances on
Friday, Feb. 1, 2, 7, 8, and 9.
Tickets are on sale at the Tresid
der Union Box Office.
“Duets on a Theme,” the first,
production open to the public of
the newly organized Studio 63
theatre of the Stanford Players
will be presented tonight, tomor
row, and Saturday night at 7:30
in the Old Nitery of the old Un
ion Building. Admission is free.
The one act play was written
and is being directed by Samira
Kirollos, with music composed
for the play by William Bolcom
of the Stanford Music Depart
ment. Miss Kirollos is a native of
Egypt who has taken her masters
in Drama in the United States
and is here at Stanford working
towards her doctorate.
Focusing on the character ten
sion of a European family which
much choose between the security
of the ancestral estate and the
modern world, the semi-incestu
ous relationships of the family
are explained in the course of the
play by the strangely insular
need for loving which ties them
together.
Included in the cast of “Duets
on a Theme” are Professor Isa
bell Schevill of the Spanish De
partment: Lisa Lauterer, last
seen in the Stanford production
of Pirandello’s “Six Players in
Search of an Author;” William
Louis, who performed as the Por
ter in “Macbeth;” Lance Harman,
a student of the Drama Depart
ment; and Ellen Headley, who re
cently performed Lady Macbeth
at Stanford.

Studio 63 is an experimental
theatre group which has been re
cently organized by the Stanford
Players for those who are inter
ested in experimental plays and
their production. It makes its
headquarters in the Old Nltery
which, with its marble fireplace
and wood paneling, can be aptly
adapted to experimental produc
tions.

Studio 63 performed a number
of productions last quarter, but
“Duets on a Theme” is the first
production which has been open
to the public. The group expects
to follow this production with
others of the same type.
Other productions under the
sponsorship of the Stanford Play
ers include “The Matchmaker”
which will open in Memorial Au
ditorium a week from Friday.
There will be performances on
Friday, Feb. 1, 2, 7, 8, and 9.
Tickets are on sale at the Tresid
der Union Box Office.
“Duets on a Theme,” the first,
production open to the public of
the newly organized Studio 63
theatre of the Stanford Players
will be presented tonight, tomor
row, and Saturday night at 7:30
in the Old Nitery of the old Un
ion Building. Admission is free.
The one act play was written
and is being directed by Samira
Kirollos, with music composed
for the play by William Bolcom
of the Stanford Music Depart
ment. Miss Kirollos is a native of
Egypt who has taken her masters
in Drama in the United States
and is here at Stanford working
towards her doctorate.
Focusing on the character ten
sion of a European family which
much choose between the security
of the ancestral estate and the
modern world, the semi-incestu
ous relationships of the family
are explained in the course of the
play by the strangely insular
need for loving which ties them
together.
Included in the cast of “Duets
on a Theme” are Professor Isa
bell Schevill of the Spanish De
partment: Lisa Lauterer, last
seen in the Stanford production
of Pirandello’s “Six Players in
Search of an Author;” William
Louis, who performed as the Por
ter in “Macbeth;” Lance Harman,
a student of the Drama Depart
ment; and Ellen Headley, who re
cently performed Lady Macbeth
at Stanford.

Studio 63 is an experimental
theatre group which has been re
cently organized by the Stanford
Players for those who are inter
ested in experimental plays and
their production. It makes its
headquarters in the Old Nltery
which, with its marble fireplace
and wood paneling, can be aptly
adapted to experimental produc
tions.

Studio 63 performed a number
of productions last quarter, but
“Duets on a Theme” is the first
production which has been open
to the public. The group expects
to follow this production with
others of the same type.
Other productions under the
sponsorship of the Stanford Play
ers include “The Matchmaker”
which will open in Memorial Au
ditorium a week from Friday.
There will be performances on
Friday, Feb. 1, 2, 7, 8, and 9.
Tickets are on sale at the Tresid
der Union Box Office.
“Duets on a Theme,” the first,
production open to the public of
the newly organized Studio 63
theatre of the Stanford Players
will be presented tonight, tomor
row, and Saturday night at 7:30
in the Old Nitery of the old Un
ion Building. Admission is free.
The one act play was written
and is being directed by Samira
Kirollos, with music composed
for the play by William Bolcom
of the Stanford Music Depart
ment. Miss Kirollos is a native of
Egypt who has taken her masters
in Drama in the United States
and is here at Stanford working
towards her doctorate.
Focusing on the character ten
sion of a European family which
much choose between the security
of the ancestral estate and the
modern world, the semi-incestu
ous relationships of the family
are explained in the course of the
play by the strangely insular
need for loving which ties them
together.
Included in the cast of “Duets
on a Theme” are Professor Isa
bell Schevill of the Spanish De
partment: Lisa Lauterer, last
seen in the Stanford production
of Pirandello’s “Six Players in
Search of an Author;” William
Louis, who performed as the Por
ter in “Macbeth;” Lance Harman,
a student of the Drama Depart
ment; and Ellen Headley, who re
cently performed Lady Macbeth
at Stanford.

Studio 63 is an experimental
theatre group which has been re
cently organized by the Stanford
Players for those who are inter
ested in experimental plays and
their production. It makes its
headquarters in the Old Nltery
which, with its marble fireplace
and wood paneling, can be aptly
adapted to experimental produc
tions.

Studio 63 performed a number
of productions last quarter, but
“Duets on a Theme” is the first
production which has been open
to the public. The group expects
to follow this production with
others of the same type.
Other productions under the
sponsorship of the Stanford Play
ers include “The Matchmaker”
which will open in Memorial Au
ditorium a week from Friday.
There will be performances on
Friday, Feb. 1, 2, 7, 8, and 9.
Tickets are on sale at the Tresid
der Union Box Office.
“Duets on a Theme,” the first,
production open to the public of
the newly organized Studio 63
theatre of the Stanford Players
will be presented tonight, tomor
row, and Saturday night at 7:30
in the Old Nitery of the old Un
ion Building. Admission is free.
The one act play was written
and is being directed by Samira
Kirollos, with music composed
for the play by William Bolcom
of the Stanford Music Depart
ment. Miss Kirollos is a native of
Egypt who has taken her masters
in Drama in the United States
and is here at Stanford working
towards her doctorate.
Focusing on the character ten
sion of a European family which
much choose between the security
of the ancestral estate and the
modern world, the semi-incestu
ous relationships of the family
are explained in the course of the
play by the strangely insular
need for loving which ties them
together.
Included in the cast of “Duets
on a Theme” are Professor Isa
bell Schevill of the Spanish De
partment: Lisa Lauterer, last
seen in the Stanford production
of Pirandello’s “Six Players in
Search of an Author;” William
Louis, who performed as the Por
ter in “Macbeth;” Lance Harman,
a student of the Drama Depart
ment; and Ellen Headley, who re
cently performed Lady Macbeth
at Stanford.

Studio 63 is an experimental
theatre group which has been re
cently organized by the Stanford
Players for those who are inter
ested in experimental plays and
their production. It makes its
headquarters in the Old Nltery
which, with its marble fireplace
and wood paneling, can be aptly
adapted to experimental produc
tions.

Studio 63 performed a number
of productions last quarter, but
“Duets on a Theme” is the first
production which has been open
to the public. The group expects
to follow this production with
others of the same type.
Other productions under the
sponsorship of the Stanford Play
ers include “The Matchmaker”
which will open in Memorial Au
ditorium a week from Friday.
There will be performances on
Friday, Feb. 1, 2, 7, 8, and 9.
Tickets are on sale at the Tresid
der Union Box Office.
