# FIRE
## 
### 
Rooting - stand spectators got a
hot seat Saturday afternoon when
fire broke out in a rubbish heap
beneath the stands. The Stanford
Fire Department put out the blaze
before any serious damage was done
tu the Stadium.
Rooting - stand spectators got a
hot seat Saturday afternoon when
fire broke out in a rubbish heap
beneath the stands. The Stanford
Fire Department put out the blaze
before any serious damage was done
tu the Stadium.
Rooting - stand spectators got a
hot seat Saturday afternoon when
fire broke out in a rubbish heap
beneath the stands. The Stanford
Fire Department put out the blaze
before any serious damage was done
tu the Stadium.
Rooting - stand spectators got a
hot seat Saturday afternoon when
fire broke out in a rubbish heap
beneath the stands. The Stanford
Fire Department put out the blaze
before any serious damage was done
tu the Stadium.
Rooting - stand spectators got a
hot seat Saturday afternoon when
fire broke out in a rubbish heap
beneath the stands. The Stanford
Fire Department put out the blaze
before any serious damage was done
tu the Stadium.
Rooting - stand spectators got a
hot seat Saturday afternoon when
fire broke out in a rubbish heap
beneath the stands. The Stanford
Fire Department put out the blaze
before any serious damage was done
tu the Stadium.
Rooting - stand spectators got a
hot seat Saturday afternoon when
fire broke out in a rubbish heap
beneath the stands. The Stanford
Fire Department put out the blaze
before any serious damage was done
tu the Stadium.
Rooting - stand spectators got a
hot seat Saturday afternoon when
fire broke out in a rubbish heap
beneath the stands. The Stanford
Fire Department put out the blaze
before any serious damage was done
tu the Stadium.
Rooting - stand spectators got a
hot seat Saturday afternoon when
fire broke out in a rubbish heap
beneath the stands. The Stanford
Fire Department put out the blaze
before any serious damage was done
tu the Stadium.
Rooting - stand spectators got a
hot seat Saturday afternoon when
fire broke out in a rubbish heap
beneath the stands. The Stanford
Fire Department put out the blaze
before any serious damage was done
tu the Stadium.
Rooting - stand spectators got a
hot seat Saturday afternoon when
fire broke out in a rubbish heap
beneath the stands. The Stanford
Fire Department put out the blaze
before any serious damage was done
tu the Stadium.
Rooting - stand spectators got a
hot seat Saturday afternoon when
fire broke out in a rubbish heap
beneath the stands. The Stanford
Fire Department put out the blaze
before any serious damage was done
tu the Stadium.
Rooting - stand spectators got a
hot seat Saturday afternoon when
fire broke out in a rubbish heap
beneath the stands. The Stanford
Fire Department put out the blaze
before any serious damage was done
tu the Stadium.
Rooting - stand spectators got a
hot seat Saturday afternoon when
fire broke out in a rubbish heap
beneath the stands. The Stanford
Fire Department put out the blaze
before any serious damage was done
tu the Stadium.
Rooting - stand spectators got a
hot seat Saturday afternoon when
fire broke out in a rubbish heap
beneath the stands. The Stanford
Fire Department put out the blaze
before any serious damage was done
tu the Stadium.
Rooting - stand spectators got a
hot seat Saturday afternoon when
fire broke out in a rubbish heap
beneath the stands. The Stanford
Fire Department put out the blaze
before any serious damage was done
tu the Stadium.
