# Polls to Be Topic Of Series Lecture
## 
### 
As election returns begin to roll
in Nov. 4, putting pollsters through
out the country on the spot, the
Tuesday Evening Scries audience in
Stanford's Memorial Hall will hear
about "The Perils of Prediction."
Dr. Alfred dc Grazia, executive
officer of the Committee for Research
in Social Sciences and associate pro
fessor of political science at. Stan
ford, will be the speaker. The hour
long program begins at 7:30 p.m. and
is open to the public without ad
mission charge.
"Most citizens will guess wrongly
about the election results," said Dr.
dc Grazia, "and it is quite possible
that, most professional prcdictors
will also be wrong."
He will describe the efforts of the
professionals of politics—newspaper
editors, candidates and managers,
pollsters, and political scientists —lo
predict results. Their methods, fail
ures, and successes will be analyzed.
Dr. dc Grazia is a mamber of the
Political Behavior Research Com
mittee of the Social Sciencc Research
Council. The committee is currently
sponsoring a national large-scale
study (if voting behavior in the pre
sidential election campaign.
