# C.I.O. MODERNIZES ITS PICKETING
## 
### 

WHILE FELLOW PICKETS patrolled entrances to the company by land, striking fish reduction workers took
rowboats, rowing tip and down in front of the struck Northern Packing Company, located on a San Fran
cisco Bay pier. Inbound boats loaded with fish were kept from unloading. The idea worked, CIO union
men reported.

WHILE FELLOW PICKETS patrolled entrances to the company by land, striking fish reduction workers took
rowboats, rowing tip and down in front of the struck Northern Packing Company, located on a San Fran
cisco Bay pier. Inbound boats loaded with fish were kept from unloading. The idea worked, CIO union
men reported.

WHILE FELLOW PICKETS patrolled entrances to the company by land, striking fish reduction workers took
rowboats, rowing tip and down in front of the struck Northern Packing Company, located on a San Fran
cisco Bay pier. Inbound boats loaded with fish were kept from unloading. The idea worked, CIO union
men reported.

WHILE FELLOW PICKETS patrolled entrances to the company by land, striking fish reduction workers took
rowboats, rowing tip and down in front of the struck Northern Packing Company, located on a San Fran
cisco Bay pier. Inbound boats loaded with fish were kept from unloading. The idea worked, CIO union
men reported.

WHILE FELLOW PICKETS patrolled entrances to the company by land, striking fish reduction workers took
rowboats, rowing tip and down in front of the struck Northern Packing Company, located on a San Fran
cisco Bay pier. Inbound boats loaded with fish were kept from unloading. The idea worked, CIO union
men reported.

WHILE FELLOW PICKETS patrolled entrances to the company by land, striking fish reduction workers took
rowboats, rowing tip and down in front of the struck Northern Packing Company, located on a San Fran
cisco Bay pier. Inbound boats loaded with fish were kept from unloading. The idea worked, CIO union
men reported.

WHILE FELLOW PICKETS patrolled entrances to the company by land, striking fish reduction workers took
rowboats, rowing tip and down in front of the struck Northern Packing Company, located on a San Fran
cisco Bay pier. Inbound boats loaded with fish were kept from unloading. The idea worked, CIO union
men reported.

WHILE FELLOW PICKETS patrolled entrances to the company by land, striking fish reduction workers took
rowboats, rowing tip and down in front of the struck Northern Packing Company, located on a San Fran
cisco Bay pier. Inbound boats loaded with fish were kept from unloading. The idea worked, CIO union
men reported.

WHILE FELLOW PICKETS patrolled entrances to the company by land, striking fish reduction workers took
rowboats, rowing tip and down in front of the struck Northern Packing Company, located on a San Fran
cisco Bay pier. Inbound boats loaded with fish were kept from unloading. The idea worked, CIO union
men reported.

WHILE FELLOW PICKETS patrolled entrances to the company by land, striking fish reduction workers took
rowboats, rowing tip and down in front of the struck Northern Packing Company, located on a San Fran
cisco Bay pier. Inbound boats loaded with fish were kept from unloading. The idea worked, CIO union
men reported.

WHILE FELLOW PICKETS patrolled entrances to the company by land, striking fish reduction workers took
rowboats, rowing tip and down in front of the struck Northern Packing Company, located on a San Fran
cisco Bay pier. Inbound boats loaded with fish were kept from unloading. The idea worked, CIO union
men reported.

WHILE FELLOW PICKETS patrolled entrances to the company by land, striking fish reduction workers took
rowboats, rowing tip and down in front of the struck Northern Packing Company, located on a San Fran
cisco Bay pier. Inbound boats loaded with fish were kept from unloading. The idea worked, CIO union
men reported.

WHILE FELLOW PICKETS patrolled entrances to the company by land, striking fish reduction workers took
rowboats, rowing tip and down in front of the struck Northern Packing Company, located on a San Fran
cisco Bay pier. Inbound boats loaded with fish were kept from unloading. The idea worked, CIO union
men reported.

WHILE FELLOW PICKETS patrolled entrances to the company by land, striking fish reduction workers took
rowboats, rowing tip and down in front of the struck Northern Packing Company, located on a San Fran
cisco Bay pier. Inbound boats loaded with fish were kept from unloading. The idea worked, CIO union
men reported.

WHILE FELLOW PICKETS patrolled entrances to the company by land, striking fish reduction workers took
rowboats, rowing tip and down in front of the struck Northern Packing Company, located on a San Fran
cisco Bay pier. Inbound boats loaded with fish were kept from unloading. The idea worked, CIO union
men reported.

WHILE FELLOW PICKETS patrolled entrances to the company by land, striking fish reduction workers took
rowboats, rowing tip and down in front of the struck Northern Packing Company, located on a San Fran
cisco Bay pier. Inbound boats loaded with fish were kept from unloading. The idea worked, CIO union
men reported.
