# Hostelers to Take Week-end Jaunt
## 
### 
The Youth Hostel group at their
meeting last night began plans for a
trip to the Skyline Hostel on Octo
ber 2f). They will spend Saturday
night in the hostel and will return
Sunday.
A meeting is being called today at
1:.10 o'clock at the Women's Club
house to discuss plans. All men and
women wishing to make the trip and
unable to attend today's meeting are
asked to call or sec Flora Martens,
president.
The Youth Hostel group at their
meeting last night began plans for a
trip to the Skyline Hostel on Octo
ber 2f). They will spend Saturday
night in the hostel and will return
Sunday.
A meeting is being called today at
1:.10 o'clock at the Women's Club
house to discuss plans. All men and
women wishing to make the trip and
unable to attend today's meeting are
asked to call or sec Flora Martens,
president.
The Youth Hostel group at their
meeting last night began plans for a
trip to the Skyline Hostel on Octo
ber 2f). They will spend Saturday
night in the hostel and will return
Sunday.
A meeting is being called today at
1:.10 o'clock at the Women's Club
house to discuss plans. All men and
women wishing to make the trip and
unable to attend today's meeting are
asked to call or sec Flora Martens,
president.
The Youth Hostel group at their
meeting last night began plans for a
trip to the Skyline Hostel on Octo
ber 2f). They will spend Saturday
night in the hostel and will return
Sunday.
A meeting is being called today at
1:.10 o'clock at the Women's Club
house to discuss plans. All men and
women wishing to make the trip and
unable to attend today's meeting are
asked to call or sec Flora Martens,
president.
The Youth Hostel group at their
meeting last night began plans for a
trip to the Skyline Hostel on Octo
ber 2f). They will spend Saturday
night in the hostel and will return
Sunday.
A meeting is being called today at
1:.10 o'clock at the Women's Club
house to discuss plans. All men and
women wishing to make the trip and
unable to attend today's meeting are
asked to call or sec Flora Martens,
president.
The Youth Hostel group at their
meeting last night began plans for a
trip to the Skyline Hostel on Octo
ber 2f). They will spend Saturday
night in the hostel and will return
Sunday.
A meeting is being called today at
1:.10 o'clock at the Women's Club
house to discuss plans. All men and
women wishing to make the trip and
unable to attend today's meeting are
asked to call or sec Flora Martens,
president.
The Youth Hostel group at their
meeting last night began plans for a
trip to the Skyline Hostel on Octo
ber 2f). They will spend Saturday
night in the hostel and will return
Sunday.
A meeting is being called today at
1:.10 o'clock at the Women's Club
house to discuss plans. All men and
women wishing to make the trip and
unable to attend today's meeting are
asked to call or sec Flora Martens,
president.
The Youth Hostel group at their
meeting last night began plans for a
trip to the Skyline Hostel on Octo
ber 2f). They will spend Saturday
night in the hostel and will return
Sunday.
A meeting is being called today at
1:.10 o'clock at the Women's Club
house to discuss plans. All men and
women wishing to make the trip and
unable to attend today's meeting are
asked to call or sec Flora Martens,
president.
The Youth Hostel group at their
meeting last night began plans for a
trip to the Skyline Hostel on Octo
ber 2f). They will spend Saturday
night in the hostel and will return
Sunday.
A meeting is being called today at
1:.10 o'clock at the Women's Club
house to discuss plans. All men and
women wishing to make the trip and
unable to attend today's meeting are
asked to call or sec Flora Martens,
president.
The Youth Hostel group at their
meeting last night began plans for a
trip to the Skyline Hostel on Octo
ber 2f). They will spend Saturday
night in the hostel and will return
Sunday.
A meeting is being called today at
1:.10 o'clock at the Women's Club
house to discuss plans. All men and
women wishing to make the trip and
unable to attend today's meeting are
asked to call or sec Flora Martens,
president.
The Youth Hostel group at their
meeting last night began plans for a
trip to the Skyline Hostel on Octo
ber 2f). They will spend Saturday
night in the hostel and will return
Sunday.
A meeting is being called today at
1:.10 o'clock at the Women's Club
house to discuss plans. All men and
women wishing to make the trip and
unable to attend today's meeting are
asked to call or sec Flora Martens,
president.
The Youth Hostel group at their
meeting last night began plans for a
trip to the Skyline Hostel on Octo
ber 2f). They will spend Saturday
night in the hostel and will return
Sunday.
A meeting is being called today at
1:.10 o'clock at the Women's Club
house to discuss plans. All men and
women wishing to make the trip and
unable to attend today's meeting are
asked to call or sec Flora Martens,
president.
The Youth Hostel group at their
meeting last night began plans for a
trip to the Skyline Hostel on Octo
ber 2f). They will spend Saturday
night in the hostel and will return
Sunday.
A meeting is being called today at
1:.10 o'clock at the Women's Club
house to discuss plans. All men and
women wishing to make the trip and
unable to attend today's meeting are
asked to call or sec Flora Martens,
president.
The Youth Hostel group at their
meeting last night began plans for a
trip to the Skyline Hostel on Octo
ber 2f). They will spend Saturday
night in the hostel and will return
Sunday.
A meeting is being called today at
1:.10 o'clock at the Women's Club
house to discuss plans. All men and
women wishing to make the trip and
unable to attend today's meeting are
asked to call or sec Flora Martens,
president.
The Youth Hostel group at their
meeting last night began plans for a
trip to the Skyline Hostel on Octo
ber 2f). They will spend Saturday
night in the hostel and will return
Sunday.
A meeting is being called today at
1:.10 o'clock at the Women's Club
house to discuss plans. All men and
women wishing to make the trip and
unable to attend today's meeting are
asked to call or sec Flora Martens,
president.
The Youth Hostel group at their
meeting last night began plans for a
trip to the Skyline Hostel on Octo
ber 2f). They will spend Saturday
night in the hostel and will return
Sunday.
A meeting is being called today at
1:.10 o'clock at the Women's Club
house to discuss plans. All men and
women wishing to make the trip and
unable to attend today's meeting are
asked to call or sec Flora Martens,
president.
