# Thirty-six 'Cubs' Added to Staff
## 
### 
Thirty-six new members were
added to the Daily staff last night
by Editorial Board. These people
were promoted to the position of
reporter after going through a two
week training period as tryoutees.
New staff reporters are Larry Bell,
Nedra Bordwell, Ed Carlson, Jeanne
Chourre, Gale Cook, Harry Dickson,
Lois Emry, Edna Folsom, Betty Lou
Gewald, Mary Lou Gretzcr, Helen
Griswold, Pat Hall, Bobbe Harris,
Ellen Ilartt, Pat Hayes, Mary Jud
son.
Jane Karpe, Ida Lee Lamb. Mor
ris Levy. Barney McClure, Gail Mc-
Innery, Betty Moore, Rosemarie
Mullany, Jean Nowell, Nancy Por
ter, Elizabeth Bobbins, John Robin
son, Norman Sloanc, Charles Smith,
Harva Sprager, Fred Stcttner, Kath
ryn Stewart, Jane Thornton, Frances
Wilson, Fred Wolfe, Chester Walz,
Thirty-six new members were
added to the Daily staff last night
by Editorial Board. These people
were promoted to the position of
reporter after going through a two
week training period as tryoutees.
New staff reporters are Larry Bell,
Nedra Bordwell, Ed Carlson, Jeanne
Chourre, Gale Cook, Harry Dickson,
Lois Emry, Edna Folsom, Betty Lou
Gewald, Mary Lou Gretzcr, Helen
Griswold, Pat Hall, Bobbe Harris,
Ellen Ilartt, Pat Hayes, Mary Jud
son.
Jane Karpe, Ida Lee Lamb. Mor
ris Levy. Barney McClure, Gail Mc-
Innery, Betty Moore, Rosemarie
Mullany, Jean Nowell, Nancy Por
ter, Elizabeth Bobbins, John Robin
son, Norman Sloanc, Charles Smith,
Harva Sprager, Fred Stcttner, Kath
ryn Stewart, Jane Thornton, Frances
Wilson, Fred Wolfe, Chester Walz,
Thirty-six new members were
added to the Daily staff last night
by Editorial Board. These people
were promoted to the position of
reporter after going through a two
week training period as tryoutees.
New staff reporters are Larry Bell,
Nedra Bordwell, Ed Carlson, Jeanne
Chourre, Gale Cook, Harry Dickson,
Lois Emry, Edna Folsom, Betty Lou
Gewald, Mary Lou Gretzcr, Helen
Griswold, Pat Hall, Bobbe Harris,
Ellen Ilartt, Pat Hayes, Mary Jud
son.
Jane Karpe, Ida Lee Lamb. Mor
ris Levy. Barney McClure, Gail Mc-
Innery, Betty Moore, Rosemarie
Mullany, Jean Nowell, Nancy Por
ter, Elizabeth Bobbins, John Robin
son, Norman Sloanc, Charles Smith,
Harva Sprager, Fred Stcttner, Kath
ryn Stewart, Jane Thornton, Frances
Wilson, Fred Wolfe, Chester Walz,
Thirty-six new members were
added to the Daily staff last night
by Editorial Board. These people
were promoted to the position of
reporter after going through a two
week training period as tryoutees.
New staff reporters are Larry Bell,
Nedra Bordwell, Ed Carlson, Jeanne
Chourre, Gale Cook, Harry Dickson,
Lois Emry, Edna Folsom, Betty Lou
Gewald, Mary Lou Gretzcr, Helen
Griswold, Pat Hall, Bobbe Harris,
Ellen Ilartt, Pat Hayes, Mary Jud
son.
Jane Karpe, Ida Lee Lamb. Mor
ris Levy. Barney McClure, Gail Mc-
Innery, Betty Moore, Rosemarie
Mullany, Jean Nowell, Nancy Por
ter, Elizabeth Bobbins, John Robin
son, Norman Sloanc, Charles Smith,
Harva Sprager, Fred Stcttner, Kath
ryn Stewart, Jane Thornton, Frances
Wilson, Fred Wolfe, Chester Walz,
Thirty-six new members were
added to the Daily staff last night
by Editorial Board. These people
were promoted to the position of
reporter after going through a two
week training period as tryoutees.
New staff reporters are Larry Bell,
Nedra Bordwell, Ed Carlson, Jeanne
Chourre, Gale Cook, Harry Dickson,
Lois Emry, Edna Folsom, Betty Lou
Gewald, Mary Lou Gretzcr, Helen
Griswold, Pat Hall, Bobbe Harris,
Ellen Ilartt, Pat Hayes, Mary Jud
son.
Jane Karpe, Ida Lee Lamb. Mor
ris Levy. Barney McClure, Gail Mc-
Innery, Betty Moore, Rosemarie
Mullany, Jean Nowell, Nancy Por
ter, Elizabeth Bobbins, John Robin
son, Norman Sloanc, Charles Smith,
Harva Sprager, Fred Stcttner, Kath
ryn Stewart, Jane Thornton, Frances
Wilson, Fred Wolfe, Chester Walz,
Thirty-six new members were
added to the Daily staff last night
by Editorial Board. These people
were promoted to the position of
reporter after going through a two
week training period as tryoutees.
New staff reporters are Larry Bell,
Nedra Bordwell, Ed Carlson, Jeanne
Chourre, Gale Cook, Harry Dickson,
Lois Emry, Edna Folsom, Betty Lou
Gewald, Mary Lou Gretzcr, Helen
Griswold, Pat Hall, Bobbe Harris,
Ellen Ilartt, Pat Hayes, Mary Jud
son.
Jane Karpe, Ida Lee Lamb. Mor
ris Levy. Barney McClure, Gail Mc-
Innery, Betty Moore, Rosemarie
Mullany, Jean Nowell, Nancy Por
ter, Elizabeth Bobbins, John Robin
son, Norman Sloanc, Charles Smith,
Harva Sprager, Fred Stcttner, Kath
ryn Stewart, Jane Thornton, Frances
Wilson, Fred Wolfe, Chester Walz,
Thirty-six new members were
added to the Daily staff last night
by Editorial Board. These people
were promoted to the position of
reporter after going through a two
week training period as tryoutees.
New staff reporters are Larry Bell,
Nedra Bordwell, Ed Carlson, Jeanne
Chourre, Gale Cook, Harry Dickson,
Lois Emry, Edna Folsom, Betty Lou
Gewald, Mary Lou Gretzcr, Helen
Griswold, Pat Hall, Bobbe Harris,
Ellen Ilartt, Pat Hayes, Mary Jud
son.
Jane Karpe, Ida Lee Lamb. Mor
ris Levy. Barney McClure, Gail Mc-
Innery, Betty Moore, Rosemarie
Mullany, Jean Nowell, Nancy Por
ter, Elizabeth Bobbins, John Robin
son, Norman Sloanc, Charles Smith,
Harva Sprager, Fred Stcttner, Kath
ryn Stewart, Jane Thornton, Frances
Wilson, Fred Wolfe, Chester Walz,
Thirty-six new members were
added to the Daily staff last night
by Editorial Board. These people
were promoted to the position of
reporter after going through a two
week training period as tryoutees.
New staff reporters are Larry Bell,
Nedra Bordwell, Ed Carlson, Jeanne
Chourre, Gale Cook, Harry Dickson,
Lois Emry, Edna Folsom, Betty Lou
Gewald, Mary Lou Gretzcr, Helen
Griswold, Pat Hall, Bobbe Harris,
Ellen Ilartt, Pat Hayes, Mary Jud
son.
Jane Karpe, Ida Lee Lamb. Mor
ris Levy. Barney McClure, Gail Mc-
Innery, Betty Moore, Rosemarie
Mullany, Jean Nowell, Nancy Por
ter, Elizabeth Bobbins, John Robin
son, Norman Sloanc, Charles Smith,
Harva Sprager, Fred Stcttner, Kath
ryn Stewart, Jane Thornton, Frances
Wilson, Fred Wolfe, Chester Walz,
Thirty-six new members were
added to the Daily staff last night
by Editorial Board. These people
were promoted to the position of
reporter after going through a two
week training period as tryoutees.
New staff reporters are Larry Bell,
Nedra Bordwell, Ed Carlson, Jeanne
Chourre, Gale Cook, Harry Dickson,
Lois Emry, Edna Folsom, Betty Lou
Gewald, Mary Lou Gretzcr, Helen
Griswold, Pat Hall, Bobbe Harris,
Ellen Ilartt, Pat Hayes, Mary Jud
son.
Jane Karpe, Ida Lee Lamb. Mor
ris Levy. Barney McClure, Gail Mc-
Innery, Betty Moore, Rosemarie
Mullany, Jean Nowell, Nancy Por
ter, Elizabeth Bobbins, John Robin
son, Norman Sloanc, Charles Smith,
Harva Sprager, Fred Stcttner, Kath
ryn Stewart, Jane Thornton, Frances
Wilson, Fred Wolfe, Chester Walz,
Thirty-six new members were
added to the Daily staff last night
by Editorial Board. These people
were promoted to the position of
reporter after going through a two
week training period as tryoutees.
New staff reporters are Larry Bell,
Nedra Bordwell, Ed Carlson, Jeanne
Chourre, Gale Cook, Harry Dickson,
Lois Emry, Edna Folsom, Betty Lou
Gewald, Mary Lou Gretzcr, Helen
Griswold, Pat Hall, Bobbe Harris,
Ellen Ilartt, Pat Hayes, Mary Jud
son.
Jane Karpe, Ida Lee Lamb. Mor
ris Levy. Barney McClure, Gail Mc-
Innery, Betty Moore, Rosemarie
Mullany, Jean Nowell, Nancy Por
ter, Elizabeth Bobbins, John Robin
son, Norman Sloanc, Charles Smith,
Harva Sprager, Fred Stcttner, Kath
ryn Stewart, Jane Thornton, Frances
Wilson, Fred Wolfe, Chester Walz,
Thirty-six new members were
added to the Daily staff last night
by Editorial Board. These people
were promoted to the position of
reporter after going through a two
week training period as tryoutees.
New staff reporters are Larry Bell,
Nedra Bordwell, Ed Carlson, Jeanne
Chourre, Gale Cook, Harry Dickson,
Lois Emry, Edna Folsom, Betty Lou
Gewald, Mary Lou Gretzcr, Helen
Griswold, Pat Hall, Bobbe Harris,
Ellen Ilartt, Pat Hayes, Mary Jud
son.
Jane Karpe, Ida Lee Lamb. Mor
ris Levy. Barney McClure, Gail Mc-
Innery, Betty Moore, Rosemarie
Mullany, Jean Nowell, Nancy Por
ter, Elizabeth Bobbins, John Robin
son, Norman Sloanc, Charles Smith,
Harva Sprager, Fred Stcttner, Kath
ryn Stewart, Jane Thornton, Frances
Wilson, Fred Wolfe, Chester Walz,
Thirty-six new members were
added to the Daily staff last night
by Editorial Board. These people
were promoted to the position of
reporter after going through a two
week training period as tryoutees.
New staff reporters are Larry Bell,
Nedra Bordwell, Ed Carlson, Jeanne
Chourre, Gale Cook, Harry Dickson,
Lois Emry, Edna Folsom, Betty Lou
Gewald, Mary Lou Gretzcr, Helen
Griswold, Pat Hall, Bobbe Harris,
Ellen Ilartt, Pat Hayes, Mary Jud
son.
Jane Karpe, Ida Lee Lamb. Mor
ris Levy. Barney McClure, Gail Mc-
Innery, Betty Moore, Rosemarie
Mullany, Jean Nowell, Nancy Por
ter, Elizabeth Bobbins, John Robin
son, Norman Sloanc, Charles Smith,
Harva Sprager, Fred Stcttner, Kath
ryn Stewart, Jane Thornton, Frances
Wilson, Fred Wolfe, Chester Walz,
Thirty-six new members were
added to the Daily staff last night
by Editorial Board. These people
were promoted to the position of
reporter after going through a two
week training period as tryoutees.
New staff reporters are Larry Bell,
Nedra Bordwell, Ed Carlson, Jeanne
Chourre, Gale Cook, Harry Dickson,
Lois Emry, Edna Folsom, Betty Lou
Gewald, Mary Lou Gretzcr, Helen
Griswold, Pat Hall, Bobbe Harris,
Ellen Ilartt, Pat Hayes, Mary Jud
son.
Jane Karpe, Ida Lee Lamb. Mor
ris Levy. Barney McClure, Gail Mc-
Innery, Betty Moore, Rosemarie
Mullany, Jean Nowell, Nancy Por
ter, Elizabeth Bobbins, John Robin
son, Norman Sloanc, Charles Smith,
Harva Sprager, Fred Stcttner, Kath
ryn Stewart, Jane Thornton, Frances
Wilson, Fred Wolfe, Chester Walz,
Thirty-six new members were
added to the Daily staff last night
by Editorial Board. These people
were promoted to the position of
reporter after going through a two
week training period as tryoutees.
New staff reporters are Larry Bell,
Nedra Bordwell, Ed Carlson, Jeanne
Chourre, Gale Cook, Harry Dickson,
Lois Emry, Edna Folsom, Betty Lou
Gewald, Mary Lou Gretzcr, Helen
Griswold, Pat Hall, Bobbe Harris,
Ellen Ilartt, Pat Hayes, Mary Jud
son.
Jane Karpe, Ida Lee Lamb. Mor
ris Levy. Barney McClure, Gail Mc-
Innery, Betty Moore, Rosemarie
Mullany, Jean Nowell, Nancy Por
ter, Elizabeth Bobbins, John Robin
son, Norman Sloanc, Charles Smith,
Harva Sprager, Fred Stcttner, Kath
ryn Stewart, Jane Thornton, Frances
Wilson, Fred Wolfe, Chester Walz,
Thirty-six new members were
added to the Daily staff last night
by Editorial Board. These people
were promoted to the position of
reporter after going through a two
week training period as tryoutees.
New staff reporters are Larry Bell,
Nedra Bordwell, Ed Carlson, Jeanne
Chourre, Gale Cook, Harry Dickson,
Lois Emry, Edna Folsom, Betty Lou
Gewald, Mary Lou Gretzcr, Helen
Griswold, Pat Hall, Bobbe Harris,
Ellen Ilartt, Pat Hayes, Mary Jud
son.
Jane Karpe, Ida Lee Lamb. Mor
ris Levy. Barney McClure, Gail Mc-
Innery, Betty Moore, Rosemarie
Mullany, Jean Nowell, Nancy Por
ter, Elizabeth Bobbins, John Robin
son, Norman Sloanc, Charles Smith,
Harva Sprager, Fred Stcttner, Kath
ryn Stewart, Jane Thornton, Frances
Wilson, Fred Wolfe, Chester Walz,
Thirty-six new members were
added to the Daily staff last night
by Editorial Board. These people
were promoted to the position of
reporter after going through a two
week training period as tryoutees.
New staff reporters are Larry Bell,
Nedra Bordwell, Ed Carlson, Jeanne
Chourre, Gale Cook, Harry Dickson,
Lois Emry, Edna Folsom, Betty Lou
Gewald, Mary Lou Gretzcr, Helen
Griswold, Pat Hall, Bobbe Harris,
Ellen Ilartt, Pat Hayes, Mary Jud
son.
Jane Karpe, Ida Lee Lamb. Mor
ris Levy. Barney McClure, Gail Mc-
Innery, Betty Moore, Rosemarie
Mullany, Jean Nowell, Nancy Por
ter, Elizabeth Bobbins, John Robin
son, Norman Sloanc, Charles Smith,
Harva Sprager, Fred Stcttner, Kath
ryn Stewart, Jane Thornton, Frances
Wilson, Fred Wolfe, Chester Walz,
