# LARGE NUMBER OF OPERA SCORES SOLD IN ADVANCE SALE
## 
### 
Large Bales have greeted the ap
pearance of the Junior Opera music
score on its first appearance. Yester
day the first subscription nearly sold
out the first edition of the book, and
new orders had to be placed with the
publishers to insure more copies in
time for the distribution immediately
after the opera.
The songHÂ«*hat feature the score this
year are of the most professional type,
and have been obtained from the
authors for the book duo to the gene
rosity of the writers. Most of the
lyricists and composers have been
offered money for their publications
by professional producers, bfit they
unanimously agreed to keep this group
especially for the campus for the time
being, in order to make the opera
absolutely now in regard to all its
numbers.
