# NEAR DEATH
## 
### 

William Howard Taft, former
President and Chief Justice, who
is approaching death in Washing
ton.

William Howard Taft, former
President and Chief Justice, who
is approaching death in Washing
ton.

William Howard Taft, former
President and Chief Justice, who
is approaching death in Washing
ton.

William Howard Taft, former
President and Chief Justice, who
is approaching death in Washing
ton.

William Howard Taft, former
President and Chief Justice, who
is approaching death in Washing
ton.

William Howard Taft, former
President and Chief Justice, who
is approaching death in Washing
ton.

William Howard Taft, former
President and Chief Justice, who
is approaching death in Washing
ton.

William Howard Taft, former
President and Chief Justice, who
is approaching death in Washing
ton.

William Howard Taft, former
President and Chief Justice, who
is approaching death in Washing
ton.

William Howard Taft, former
President and Chief Justice, who
is approaching death in Washing
ton.

William Howard Taft, former
President and Chief Justice, who
is approaching death in Washing
ton.

William Howard Taft, former
President and Chief Justice, who
is approaching death in Washing
ton.

William Howard Taft, former
President and Chief Justice, who
is approaching death in Washing
ton.

William Howard Taft, former
President and Chief Justice, who
is approaching death in Washing
ton.

William Howard Taft, former
President and Chief Justice, who
is approaching death in Washing
ton.
