# ROBERT C. BINKLEY TO TEACH HISTORY SUMMER QUARTER
## 
### 
Robert C. Hinkley, Stanford '22. is
to be a member of the faculty of the
history department here during the
summer quarter, it was announced
yesterday by John Scllards, dean of
the summer session. Binkeley is at
present associate professor of history
at Smith College.
Actively concerned in literary and
journalistic activities oil the campus
during his years at Stanford, Profes
sor Binkley, was editor of the Stan
ford Cardinal and contributed to other
publications. He took a master's de
gree in 1924 and received a Ph.D. in
1 both at Stanford. He acted as
instructor at New York University
after his graduation before going to
Smith.
lilt rope since 1600 will l>c the sub
ject oi a course to be taught by Pro
fessor fiinkley. <He will also conduct
a seminar in World War history.
