# GRID STAR COACH
## 
### 
NIOW YOKK, KVb. 27. (/P)—John
Law, former Notrn bamc football
captain, has become'head football
coach at Manhattan College here.
NIOW YOKK, KVb. 27. (/P)—John
Law, former Notrn bamc football
captain, has become'head football
coach at Manhattan College here.
NIOW YOKK, KVb. 27. (/P)—John
Law, former Notrn bamc football
captain, has become'head football
coach at Manhattan College here.
NIOW YOKK, KVb. 27. (/P)—John
Law, former Notrn bamc football
captain, has become'head football
coach at Manhattan College here.
NIOW YOKK, KVb. 27. (/P)—John
Law, former Notrn bamc football
captain, has become'head football
coach at Manhattan College here.
NIOW YOKK, KVb. 27. (/P)—John
Law, former Notrn bamc football
captain, has become'head football
coach at Manhattan College here.
NIOW YOKK, KVb. 27. (/P)—John
Law, former Notrn bamc football
captain, has become'head football
coach at Manhattan College here.
NIOW YOKK, KVb. 27. (/P)—John
Law, former Notrn bamc football
captain, has become'head football
coach at Manhattan College here.
NIOW YOKK, KVb. 27. (/P)—John
Law, former Notrn bamc football
captain, has become'head football
coach at Manhattan College here.
NIOW YOKK, KVb. 27. (/P)—John
Law, former Notrn bamc football
captain, has become'head football
coach at Manhattan College here.
NIOW YOKK, KVb. 27. (/P)—John
Law, former Notrn bamc football
captain, has become'head football
coach at Manhattan College here.
NIOW YOKK, KVb. 27. (/P)—John
Law, former Notrn bamc football
captain, has become'head football
coach at Manhattan College here.
NIOW YOKK, KVb. 27. (/P)—John
Law, former Notrn bamc football
captain, has become'head football
coach at Manhattan College here.
NIOW YOKK, KVb. 27. (/P)—John
Law, former Notrn bamc football
captain, has become'head football
coach at Manhattan College here.
NIOW YOKK, KVb. 27. (/P)—John
Law, former Notrn bamc football
captain, has become'head football
coach at Manhattan College here.
