# GREEN TALKS SUNDAY
## 
### 
"Prohibition Facts" will be the
subject of a talk to be given by
Professor li. L. Green of the Stan
ford faculty in the First Presby
terian Church of Palo Alto next
Sunday morning. Thet talk will be
open to the public.
"Prohibition Facts" will be the
subject of a talk to be given by
Professor li. L. Green of the Stan
ford faculty in the First Presby
terian Church of Palo Alto next
Sunday morning. Thet talk will be
open to the public.
"Prohibition Facts" will be the
subject of a talk to be given by
Professor li. L. Green of the Stan
ford faculty in the First Presby
terian Church of Palo Alto next
Sunday morning. Thet talk will be
open to the public.
"Prohibition Facts" will be the
subject of a talk to be given by
Professor li. L. Green of the Stan
ford faculty in the First Presby
terian Church of Palo Alto next
Sunday morning. Thet talk will be
open to the public.
"Prohibition Facts" will be the
subject of a talk to be given by
Professor li. L. Green of the Stan
ford faculty in the First Presby
terian Church of Palo Alto next
Sunday morning. Thet talk will be
open to the public.
"Prohibition Facts" will be the
subject of a talk to be given by
Professor li. L. Green of the Stan
ford faculty in the First Presby
terian Church of Palo Alto next
Sunday morning. Thet talk will be
open to the public.
"Prohibition Facts" will be the
subject of a talk to be given by
Professor li. L. Green of the Stan
ford faculty in the First Presby
terian Church of Palo Alto next
Sunday morning. Thet talk will be
open to the public.
"Prohibition Facts" will be the
subject of a talk to be given by
Professor li. L. Green of the Stan
ford faculty in the First Presby
terian Church of Palo Alto next
Sunday morning. Thet talk will be
open to the public.
"Prohibition Facts" will be the
subject of a talk to be given by
Professor li. L. Green of the Stan
ford faculty in the First Presby
terian Church of Palo Alto next
Sunday morning. Thet talk will be
open to the public.
"Prohibition Facts" will be the
subject of a talk to be given by
Professor li. L. Green of the Stan
ford faculty in the First Presby
terian Church of Palo Alto next
Sunday morning. Thet talk will be
open to the public.
"Prohibition Facts" will be the
subject of a talk to be given by
Professor li. L. Green of the Stan
ford faculty in the First Presby
terian Church of Palo Alto next
Sunday morning. Thet talk will be
open to the public.
"Prohibition Facts" will be the
subject of a talk to be given by
Professor li. L. Green of the Stan
ford faculty in the First Presby
terian Church of Palo Alto next
Sunday morning. Thet talk will be
open to the public.
"Prohibition Facts" will be the
subject of a talk to be given by
Professor li. L. Green of the Stan
ford faculty in the First Presby
terian Church of Palo Alto next
Sunday morning. Thet talk will be
open to the public.
"Prohibition Facts" will be the
subject of a talk to be given by
Professor li. L. Green of the Stan
ford faculty in the First Presby
terian Church of Palo Alto next
Sunday morning. Thet talk will be
open to the public.
"Prohibition Facts" will be the
subject of a talk to be given by
Professor li. L. Green of the Stan
ford faculty in the First Presby
terian Church of Palo Alto next
Sunday morning. Thet talk will be
open to the public.
