# Work on the Church.
## 
### 
The chancel of the University
Church, as well as most of the
carving on the walls and arches,
has been finished. The lights have
been hung in the building and in
the clock-tower. The present fuse
is not strong enough, and a heavier
one will be tried. Twenty-four
blind windows, twelve on each side
of the transept, are to be covered
with pictures of the saints in imi
tation mosaic. The dome is orna
mented in mosaic imitative of the
scroll above the altar, done on a
larger scale.
So much work remains to be
done that the day for dedication
has not yet been decided upon, but
it will probably be late in May.
The chancel of the University
Church, as well as most of the
carving on the walls and arches,
has been finished. The lights have
been hung in the building and in
the clock-tower. The present fuse
is not strong enough, and a heavier
one will be tried. Twenty-four
blind windows, twelve on each side
of the transept, are to be covered
with pictures of the saints in imi
tation mosaic. The dome is orna
mented in mosaic imitative of the
scroll above the altar, done on a
larger scale.
So much work remains to be
done that the day for dedication
has not yet been decided upon, but
it will probably be late in May.
The chancel of the University
Church, as well as most of the
carving on the walls and arches,
has been finished. The lights have
been hung in the building and in
the clock-tower. The present fuse
is not strong enough, and a heavier
one will be tried. Twenty-four
blind windows, twelve on each side
of the transept, are to be covered
with pictures of the saints in imi
tation mosaic. The dome is orna
mented in mosaic imitative of the
scroll above the altar, done on a
larger scale.
So much work remains to be
done that the day for dedication
has not yet been decided upon, but
it will probably be late in May.
The chancel of the University
Church, as well as most of the
carving on the walls and arches,
has been finished. The lights have
been hung in the building and in
the clock-tower. The present fuse
is not strong enough, and a heavier
one will be tried. Twenty-four
blind windows, twelve on each side
of the transept, are to be covered
with pictures of the saints in imi
tation mosaic. The dome is orna
mented in mosaic imitative of the
scroll above the altar, done on a
larger scale.
So much work remains to be
done that the day for dedication
has not yet been decided upon, but
it will probably be late in May.
The chancel of the University
Church, as well as most of the
carving on the walls and arches,
has been finished. The lights have
been hung in the building and in
the clock-tower. The present fuse
is not strong enough, and a heavier
one will be tried. Twenty-four
blind windows, twelve on each side
of the transept, are to be covered
with pictures of the saints in imi
tation mosaic. The dome is orna
mented in mosaic imitative of the
scroll above the altar, done on a
larger scale.
So much work remains to be
done that the day for dedication
has not yet been decided upon, but
it will probably be late in May.
The chancel of the University
Church, as well as most of the
carving on the walls and arches,
has been finished. The lights have
been hung in the building and in
the clock-tower. The present fuse
is not strong enough, and a heavier
one will be tried. Twenty-four
blind windows, twelve on each side
of the transept, are to be covered
with pictures of the saints in imi
tation mosaic. The dome is orna
mented in mosaic imitative of the
scroll above the altar, done on a
larger scale.
So much work remains to be
done that the day for dedication
has not yet been decided upon, but
it will probably be late in May.
The chancel of the University
Church, as well as most of the
carving on the walls and arches,
has been finished. The lights have
been hung in the building and in
the clock-tower. The present fuse
is not strong enough, and a heavier
one will be tried. Twenty-four
blind windows, twelve on each side
of the transept, are to be covered
with pictures of the saints in imi
tation mosaic. The dome is orna
mented in mosaic imitative of the
scroll above the altar, done on a
larger scale.
So much work remains to be
done that the day for dedication
has not yet been decided upon, but
it will probably be late in May.
