# News of the World.
## 
### 
The Cuban measure will occupy
Congress this week.
Three thousand striking engineers
are idle in Butte, Montana.
Two recent engagements in South
Africa have been favorable to the
Boers.
The cable between San Francisco
and Honolulu will be completed by
October Ist.
Thirty-two million acres of wheat
has been sown this year by Amer
ican farmers.
Twenty-one deaths and many in
jured were caused by the collapse
of a grand stand at the interna
tional football game in Glasgow
last Saturday.
The Cuban measure will occupy
Congress this week.
Three thousand striking engineers
are idle in Butte, Montana.
Two recent engagements in South
Africa have been favorable to the
Boers.
The cable between San Francisco
and Honolulu will be completed by
October Ist.
Thirty-two million acres of wheat
has been sown this year by Amer
ican farmers.
Twenty-one deaths and many in
jured were caused by the collapse
of a grand stand at the interna
tional football game in Glasgow
last Saturday.
The Cuban measure will occupy
Congress this week.
Three thousand striking engineers
are idle in Butte, Montana.
Two recent engagements in South
Africa have been favorable to the
Boers.
The cable between San Francisco
and Honolulu will be completed by
October Ist.
Thirty-two million acres of wheat
has been sown this year by Amer
ican farmers.
Twenty-one deaths and many in
jured were caused by the collapse
of a grand stand at the interna
tional football game in Glasgow
last Saturday.
The Cuban measure will occupy
Congress this week.
Three thousand striking engineers
are idle in Butte, Montana.
Two recent engagements in South
Africa have been favorable to the
Boers.
The cable between San Francisco
and Honolulu will be completed by
October Ist.
Thirty-two million acres of wheat
has been sown this year by Amer
ican farmers.
Twenty-one deaths and many in
jured were caused by the collapse
of a grand stand at the interna
tional football game in Glasgow
last Saturday.
The Cuban measure will occupy
Congress this week.
Three thousand striking engineers
are idle in Butte, Montana.
Two recent engagements in South
Africa have been favorable to the
Boers.
The cable between San Francisco
and Honolulu will be completed by
October Ist.
Thirty-two million acres of wheat
has been sown this year by Amer
ican farmers.
Twenty-one deaths and many in
jured were caused by the collapse
of a grand stand at the interna
tional football game in Glasgow
last Saturday.
The Cuban measure will occupy
Congress this week.
Three thousand striking engineers
are idle in Butte, Montana.
Two recent engagements in South
Africa have been favorable to the
Boers.
The cable between San Francisco
and Honolulu will be completed by
October Ist.
Thirty-two million acres of wheat
has been sown this year by Amer
ican farmers.
Twenty-one deaths and many in
jured were caused by the collapse
of a grand stand at the interna
tional football game in Glasgow
last Saturday.
The Cuban measure will occupy
Congress this week.
Three thousand striking engineers
are idle in Butte, Montana.
Two recent engagements in South
Africa have been favorable to the
Boers.
The cable between San Francisco
and Honolulu will be completed by
October Ist.
Thirty-two million acres of wheat
has been sown this year by Amer
ican farmers.
Twenty-one deaths and many in
jured were caused by the collapse
of a grand stand at the interna
tional football game in Glasgow
last Saturday.
