# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Unfortunately there were on
the bleachers at the ball game
Saturday a few infantile partisans
who very much amused themselves
with their own alleged wit by mak
ing uncalled for and uncompli
mentary remarks to individual
players. While rooting and en
thusiasm have their place, irre

sponsible comments like some that
were made the other day are very
much out of place. The game was
being played by the men in the
diamond, not by over-zealous and
ungenerous persons among the
spectators. No doubt everything
said was intended for good natured
joshing, but a few individuals
should have their spontaneous
wititcisms recorded in a phonograph
so as to appreciate them on repeti
tion. This feature was perhaps no
more prominent than usual, and
the fact that disagreeable things
were said by only a very few per*
sons made the instances conspic
uous.
Unfortunately there were on
the bleachers at the ball game
Saturday a few infantile partisans
who very much amused themselves
with their own alleged wit by mak
ing uncalled for and uncompli
mentary remarks to individual
players. While rooting and en
thusiasm have their place, irre

sponsible comments like some that
were made the other day are very
much out of place. The game was
being played by the men in the
diamond, not by over-zealous and
ungenerous persons among the
spectators. No doubt everything
said was intended for good natured
joshing, but a few individuals
should have their spontaneous
wititcisms recorded in a phonograph
so as to appreciate them on repeti
tion. This feature was perhaps no
more prominent than usual, and
the fact that disagreeable things
were said by only a very few per*
sons made the instances conspic
uous.
Unfortunately there were on
the bleachers at the ball game
Saturday a few infantile partisans
who very much amused themselves
with their own alleged wit by mak
ing uncalled for and uncompli
mentary remarks to individual
players. While rooting and en
thusiasm have their place, irre

sponsible comments like some that
were made the other day are very
much out of place. The game was
being played by the men in the
diamond, not by over-zealous and
ungenerous persons among the
spectators. No doubt everything
said was intended for good natured
joshing, but a few individuals
should have their spontaneous
wititcisms recorded in a phonograph
so as to appreciate them on repeti
tion. This feature was perhaps no
more prominent than usual, and
the fact that disagreeable things
were said by only a very few per*
sons made the instances conspic
uous.
Unfortunately there were on
the bleachers at the ball game
Saturday a few infantile partisans
who very much amused themselves
with their own alleged wit by mak
ing uncalled for and uncompli
mentary remarks to individual
players. While rooting and en
thusiasm have their place, irre

sponsible comments like some that
were made the other day are very
much out of place. The game was
being played by the men in the
diamond, not by over-zealous and
ungenerous persons among the
spectators. No doubt everything
said was intended for good natured
joshing, but a few individuals
should have their spontaneous
wititcisms recorded in a phonograph
so as to appreciate them on repeti
tion. This feature was perhaps no
more prominent than usual, and
the fact that disagreeable things
were said by only a very few per*
sons made the instances conspic
uous.
Unfortunately there were on
the bleachers at the ball game
Saturday a few infantile partisans
who very much amused themselves
with their own alleged wit by mak
ing uncalled for and uncompli
mentary remarks to individual
players. While rooting and en
thusiasm have their place, irre

sponsible comments like some that
were made the other day are very
much out of place. The game was
being played by the men in the
diamond, not by over-zealous and
ungenerous persons among the
spectators. No doubt everything
said was intended for good natured
joshing, but a few individuals
should have their spontaneous
wititcisms recorded in a phonograph
so as to appreciate them on repeti
tion. This feature was perhaps no
more prominent than usual, and
the fact that disagreeable things
were said by only a very few per*
sons made the instances conspic
uous.
Unfortunately there were on
the bleachers at the ball game
Saturday a few infantile partisans
who very much amused themselves
with their own alleged wit by mak
ing uncalled for and uncompli
mentary remarks to individual
players. While rooting and en
thusiasm have their place, irre

sponsible comments like some that
were made the other day are very
much out of place. The game was
being played by the men in the
diamond, not by over-zealous and
ungenerous persons among the
spectators. No doubt everything
said was intended for good natured
joshing, but a few individuals
should have their spontaneous
wititcisms recorded in a phonograph
so as to appreciate them on repeti
tion. This feature was perhaps no
more prominent than usual, and
the fact that disagreeable things
were said by only a very few per*
sons made the instances conspic
uous.
Unfortunately there were on
the bleachers at the ball game
Saturday a few infantile partisans
who very much amused themselves
with their own alleged wit by mak
ing uncalled for and uncompli
mentary remarks to individual
players. While rooting and en
thusiasm have their place, irre

sponsible comments like some that
were made the other day are very
much out of place. The game was
being played by the men in the
diamond, not by over-zealous and
ungenerous persons among the
spectators. No doubt everything
said was intended for good natured
joshing, but a few individuals
should have their spontaneous
wititcisms recorded in a phonograph
so as to appreciate them on repeti
tion. This feature was perhaps no
more prominent than usual, and
the fact that disagreeable things
were said by only a very few per*
sons made the instances conspic
uous.
