# A 						Phi O to Return Checks, Books
## 
### 
Checks for sold textbooks, and
unsold books will he returned at
the Alpha Phi Omega Book Ex
change today and tomorrow. The
exchange is located in Temporary
Building A, Room 30, and will he
open from 9 a.m. 1o noon and
from 1 1o 4 p.m. both days.
Checks for sold textbooks, and
unsold books will he returned at
the Alpha Phi Omega Book Ex
change today and tomorrow. The
exchange is located in Temporary
Building A, Room 30, and will he
open from 9 a.m. 1o noon and
from 1 1o 4 p.m. both days.
Checks for sold textbooks, and
unsold books will he returned at
the Alpha Phi Omega Book Ex
change today and tomorrow. The
exchange is located in Temporary
Building A, Room 30, and will he
open from 9 a.m. 1o noon and
from 1 1o 4 p.m. both days.
Checks for sold textbooks, and
unsold books will he returned at
the Alpha Phi Omega Book Ex
change today and tomorrow. The
exchange is located in Temporary
Building A, Room 30, and will he
open from 9 a.m. 1o noon and
from 1 1o 4 p.m. both days.
Checks for sold textbooks, and
unsold books will he returned at
the Alpha Phi Omega Book Ex
change today and tomorrow. The
exchange is located in Temporary
Building A, Room 30, and will he
open from 9 a.m. 1o noon and
from 1 1o 4 p.m. both days.
Checks for sold textbooks, and
unsold books will he returned at
the Alpha Phi Omega Book Ex
change today and tomorrow. The
exchange is located in Temporary
Building A, Room 30, and will he
open from 9 a.m. 1o noon and
from 1 1o 4 p.m. both days.
Checks for sold textbooks, and
unsold books will he returned at
the Alpha Phi Omega Book Ex
change today and tomorrow. The
exchange is located in Temporary
Building A, Room 30, and will he
open from 9 a.m. 1o noon and
from 1 1o 4 p.m. both days.
Checks for sold textbooks, and
unsold books will he returned at
the Alpha Phi Omega Book Ex
change today and tomorrow. The
exchange is located in Temporary
Building A, Room 30, and will he
open from 9 a.m. 1o noon and
from 1 1o 4 p.m. both days.
Checks for sold textbooks, and
unsold books will he returned at
the Alpha Phi Omega Book Ex
change today and tomorrow. The
exchange is located in Temporary
Building A, Room 30, and will he
open from 9 a.m. 1o noon and
from 1 1o 4 p.m. both days.
Checks for sold textbooks, and
unsold books will he returned at
the Alpha Phi Omega Book Ex
change today and tomorrow. The
exchange is located in Temporary
Building A, Room 30, and will he
open from 9 a.m. 1o noon and
from 1 1o 4 p.m. both days.
Checks for sold textbooks, and
unsold books will he returned at
the Alpha Phi Omega Book Ex
change today and tomorrow. The
exchange is located in Temporary
Building A, Room 30, and will he
open from 9 a.m. 1o noon and
from 1 1o 4 p.m. both days.
Checks for sold textbooks, and
unsold books will he returned at
the Alpha Phi Omega Book Ex
change today and tomorrow. The
exchange is located in Temporary
Building A, Room 30, and will he
open from 9 a.m. 1o noon and
from 1 1o 4 p.m. both days.
Checks for sold textbooks, and
unsold books will he returned at
the Alpha Phi Omega Book Ex
change today and tomorrow. The
exchange is located in Temporary
Building A, Room 30, and will he
open from 9 a.m. 1o noon and
from 1 1o 4 p.m. both days.
Checks for sold textbooks, and
unsold books will he returned at
the Alpha Phi Omega Book Ex
change today and tomorrow. The
exchange is located in Temporary
Building A, Room 30, and will he
open from 9 a.m. 1o noon and
from 1 1o 4 p.m. both days.
Checks for sold textbooks, and
unsold books will he returned at
the Alpha Phi Omega Book Ex
change today and tomorrow. The
exchange is located in Temporary
Building A, Room 30, and will he
open from 9 a.m. 1o noon and
from 1 1o 4 p.m. both days.
Checks for sold textbooks, and
unsold books will he returned at
the Alpha Phi Omega Book Ex
change today and tomorrow. The
exchange is located in Temporary
Building A, Room 30, and will he
open from 9 a.m. 1o noon and
from 1 1o 4 p.m. both days.
Checks for sold textbooks, and
unsold books will he returned at
the Alpha Phi Omega Book Ex
change today and tomorrow. The
exchange is located in Temporary
Building A, Room 30, and will he
open from 9 a.m. 1o noon and
from 1 1o 4 p.m. both days.
