# MURAL NOTICE
## 
### 
Second-round playoffs in intra
mural handball, horseshoes, and
ping pong end this Thursday. All
matches must be played off and
scores turned in to the Intra
mural Office by that date. Scores
not received will be counted as
forfeits.
Second-round playoffs in intra
mural handball, horseshoes, and
ping pong end this Thursday. All
matches must be played off and
scores turned in to the Intra
mural Office by that date. Scores
not received will be counted as
forfeits.
Second-round playoffs in intra
mural handball, horseshoes, and
ping pong end this Thursday. All
matches must be played off and
scores turned in to the Intra
mural Office by that date. Scores
not received will be counted as
forfeits.
Second-round playoffs in intra
mural handball, horseshoes, and
ping pong end this Thursday. All
matches must be played off and
scores turned in to the Intra
mural Office by that date. Scores
not received will be counted as
forfeits.
Second-round playoffs in intra
mural handball, horseshoes, and
ping pong end this Thursday. All
matches must be played off and
scores turned in to the Intra
mural Office by that date. Scores
not received will be counted as
forfeits.
Second-round playoffs in intra
mural handball, horseshoes, and
ping pong end this Thursday. All
matches must be played off and
scores turned in to the Intra
mural Office by that date. Scores
not received will be counted as
forfeits.
Second-round playoffs in intra
mural handball, horseshoes, and
ping pong end this Thursday. All
matches must be played off and
scores turned in to the Intra
mural Office by that date. Scores
not received will be counted as
forfeits.
Second-round playoffs in intra
mural handball, horseshoes, and
ping pong end this Thursday. All
matches must be played off and
scores turned in to the Intra
mural Office by that date. Scores
not received will be counted as
forfeits.
Second-round playoffs in intra
mural handball, horseshoes, and
ping pong end this Thursday. All
matches must be played off and
scores turned in to the Intra
mural Office by that date. Scores
not received will be counted as
forfeits.
Second-round playoffs in intra
mural handball, horseshoes, and
ping pong end this Thursday. All
matches must be played off and
scores turned in to the Intra
mural Office by that date. Scores
not received will be counted as
forfeits.
Second-round playoffs in intra
mural handball, horseshoes, and
ping pong end this Thursday. All
matches must be played off and
scores turned in to the Intra
mural Office by that date. Scores
not received will be counted as
forfeits.
Second-round playoffs in intra
mural handball, horseshoes, and
ping pong end this Thursday. All
matches must be played off and
scores turned in to the Intra
mural Office by that date. Scores
not received will be counted as
forfeits.
Second-round playoffs in intra
mural handball, horseshoes, and
ping pong end this Thursday. All
matches must be played off and
scores turned in to the Intra
mural Office by that date. Scores
not received will be counted as
forfeits.
Second-round playoffs in intra
mural handball, horseshoes, and
ping pong end this Thursday. All
matches must be played off and
scores turned in to the Intra
mural Office by that date. Scores
not received will be counted as
forfeits.
Second-round playoffs in intra
mural handball, horseshoes, and
ping pong end this Thursday. All
matches must be played off and
scores turned in to the Intra
mural Office by that date. Scores
not received will be counted as
forfeits.
