# Leisure Hours Is Discussion Topic
## 
### 
"Leisure Hours in Foreign Places"
will be the topic of tomorrow's I
Club Foreign Students discussion
group. The meeting will be held in
the Magnolia social room of Lagn
nita Court from 7:15 to 8:15, and is
open to the whole campus.
The four main speakers will be:
Muriel Driard, France; Ake Tjeder,
Finland: Lieselotte Trischkat, Ger
many; and a speaker representing
Indonesia.
"Leisure Hours in Foreign Places"
will be the topic of tomorrow's I
Club Foreign Students discussion
group. The meeting will be held in
the Magnolia social room of Lagn
nita Court from 7:15 to 8:15, and is
open to the whole campus.
The four main speakers will be:
Muriel Driard, France; Ake Tjeder,
Finland: Lieselotte Trischkat, Ger
many; and a speaker representing
Indonesia.
"Leisure Hours in Foreign Places"
will be the topic of tomorrow's I
Club Foreign Students discussion
group. The meeting will be held in
the Magnolia social room of Lagn
nita Court from 7:15 to 8:15, and is
open to the whole campus.
The four main speakers will be:
Muriel Driard, France; Ake Tjeder,
Finland: Lieselotte Trischkat, Ger
many; and a speaker representing
Indonesia.
"Leisure Hours in Foreign Places"
will be the topic of tomorrow's I
Club Foreign Students discussion
group. The meeting will be held in
the Magnolia social room of Lagn
nita Court from 7:15 to 8:15, and is
open to the whole campus.
The four main speakers will be:
Muriel Driard, France; Ake Tjeder,
Finland: Lieselotte Trischkat, Ger
many; and a speaker representing
Indonesia.
"Leisure Hours in Foreign Places"
will be the topic of tomorrow's I
Club Foreign Students discussion
group. The meeting will be held in
the Magnolia social room of Lagn
nita Court from 7:15 to 8:15, and is
open to the whole campus.
The four main speakers will be:
Muriel Driard, France; Ake Tjeder,
Finland: Lieselotte Trischkat, Ger
many; and a speaker representing
Indonesia.
"Leisure Hours in Foreign Places"
will be the topic of tomorrow's I
Club Foreign Students discussion
group. The meeting will be held in
the Magnolia social room of Lagn
nita Court from 7:15 to 8:15, and is
open to the whole campus.
The four main speakers will be:
Muriel Driard, France; Ake Tjeder,
Finland: Lieselotte Trischkat, Ger
many; and a speaker representing
Indonesia.
"Leisure Hours in Foreign Places"
will be the topic of tomorrow's I
Club Foreign Students discussion
group. The meeting will be held in
the Magnolia social room of Lagn
nita Court from 7:15 to 8:15, and is
open to the whole campus.
The four main speakers will be:
Muriel Driard, France; Ake Tjeder,
Finland: Lieselotte Trischkat, Ger
many; and a speaker representing
Indonesia.
"Leisure Hours in Foreign Places"
will be the topic of tomorrow's I
Club Foreign Students discussion
group. The meeting will be held in
the Magnolia social room of Lagn
nita Court from 7:15 to 8:15, and is
open to the whole campus.
The four main speakers will be:
Muriel Driard, France; Ake Tjeder,
Finland: Lieselotte Trischkat, Ger
many; and a speaker representing
Indonesia.
"Leisure Hours in Foreign Places"
will be the topic of tomorrow's I
Club Foreign Students discussion
group. The meeting will be held in
the Magnolia social room of Lagn
nita Court from 7:15 to 8:15, and is
open to the whole campus.
The four main speakers will be:
Muriel Driard, France; Ake Tjeder,
Finland: Lieselotte Trischkat, Ger
many; and a speaker representing
Indonesia.
"Leisure Hours in Foreign Places"
will be the topic of tomorrow's I
Club Foreign Students discussion
group. The meeting will be held in
the Magnolia social room of Lagn
nita Court from 7:15 to 8:15, and is
open to the whole campus.
The four main speakers will be:
Muriel Driard, France; Ake Tjeder,
Finland: Lieselotte Trischkat, Ger
many; and a speaker representing
Indonesia.
"Leisure Hours in Foreign Places"
will be the topic of tomorrow's I
Club Foreign Students discussion
group. The meeting will be held in
the Magnolia social room of Lagn
nita Court from 7:15 to 8:15, and is
open to the whole campus.
The four main speakers will be:
Muriel Driard, France; Ake Tjeder,
Finland: Lieselotte Trischkat, Ger
many; and a speaker representing
Indonesia.
"Leisure Hours in Foreign Places"
will be the topic of tomorrow's I
Club Foreign Students discussion
group. The meeting will be held in
the Magnolia social room of Lagn
nita Court from 7:15 to 8:15, and is
open to the whole campus.
The four main speakers will be:
Muriel Driard, France; Ake Tjeder,
Finland: Lieselotte Trischkat, Ger
many; and a speaker representing
Indonesia.
"Leisure Hours in Foreign Places"
will be the topic of tomorrow's I
Club Foreign Students discussion
group. The meeting will be held in
the Magnolia social room of Lagn
nita Court from 7:15 to 8:15, and is
open to the whole campus.
The four main speakers will be:
Muriel Driard, France; Ake Tjeder,
Finland: Lieselotte Trischkat, Ger
many; and a speaker representing
Indonesia.
"Leisure Hours in Foreign Places"
will be the topic of tomorrow's I
Club Foreign Students discussion
group. The meeting will be held in
the Magnolia social room of Lagn
nita Court from 7:15 to 8:15, and is
open to the whole campus.
The four main speakers will be:
Muriel Driard, France; Ake Tjeder,
Finland: Lieselotte Trischkat, Ger
many; and a speaker representing
Indonesia.
"Leisure Hours in Foreign Places"
will be the topic of tomorrow's I
Club Foreign Students discussion
group. The meeting will be held in
the Magnolia social room of Lagn
nita Court from 7:15 to 8:15, and is
open to the whole campus.
The four main speakers will be:
Muriel Driard, France; Ake Tjeder,
Finland: Lieselotte Trischkat, Ger
many; and a speaker representing
Indonesia.
