# Farm Sophomore Bruised in Crash
## 
### 
Chester Allen, a Stanford sopho
more from Baker.sficld. received
multiple cuts and bruises when he
fell asleep at the when! of his car
and the auto crashed into a tree
along Palm Drive Sunday.
Allen was rushed to the Palo Alto
Hospital following the accident hut
was soon dismissed. His car was de
molished. according to campus po
lice.
Chester Allen, a Stanford sopho
more from Baker.sficld. received
multiple cuts and bruises when he
fell asleep at the when! of his car
and the auto crashed into a tree
along Palm Drive Sunday.
Allen was rushed to the Palo Alto
Hospital following the accident hut
was soon dismissed. His car was de
molished. according to campus po
lice.
Chester Allen, a Stanford sopho
more from Baker.sficld. received
multiple cuts and bruises when he
fell asleep at the when! of his car
and the auto crashed into a tree
along Palm Drive Sunday.
Allen was rushed to the Palo Alto
Hospital following the accident hut
was soon dismissed. His car was de
molished. according to campus po
lice.
Chester Allen, a Stanford sopho
more from Baker.sficld. received
multiple cuts and bruises when he
fell asleep at the when! of his car
and the auto crashed into a tree
along Palm Drive Sunday.
Allen was rushed to the Palo Alto
Hospital following the accident hut
was soon dismissed. His car was de
molished. according to campus po
lice.
Chester Allen, a Stanford sopho
more from Baker.sficld. received
multiple cuts and bruises when he
fell asleep at the when! of his car
and the auto crashed into a tree
along Palm Drive Sunday.
Allen was rushed to the Palo Alto
Hospital following the accident hut
was soon dismissed. His car was de
molished. according to campus po
lice.
Chester Allen, a Stanford sopho
more from Baker.sficld. received
multiple cuts and bruises when he
fell asleep at the when! of his car
and the auto crashed into a tree
along Palm Drive Sunday.
Allen was rushed to the Palo Alto
Hospital following the accident hut
was soon dismissed. His car was de
molished. according to campus po
lice.
Chester Allen, a Stanford sopho
more from Baker.sficld. received
multiple cuts and bruises when he
fell asleep at the when! of his car
and the auto crashed into a tree
along Palm Drive Sunday.
Allen was rushed to the Palo Alto
Hospital following the accident hut
was soon dismissed. His car was de
molished. according to campus po
lice.
Chester Allen, a Stanford sopho
more from Baker.sficld. received
multiple cuts and bruises when he
fell asleep at the when! of his car
and the auto crashed into a tree
along Palm Drive Sunday.
Allen was rushed to the Palo Alto
Hospital following the accident hut
was soon dismissed. His car was de
molished. according to campus po
lice.
Chester Allen, a Stanford sopho
more from Baker.sficld. received
multiple cuts and bruises when he
fell asleep at the when! of his car
and the auto crashed into a tree
along Palm Drive Sunday.
Allen was rushed to the Palo Alto
Hospital following the accident hut
was soon dismissed. His car was de
molished. according to campus po
lice.
Chester Allen, a Stanford sopho
more from Baker.sficld. received
multiple cuts and bruises when he
fell asleep at the when! of his car
and the auto crashed into a tree
along Palm Drive Sunday.
Allen was rushed to the Palo Alto
Hospital following the accident hut
was soon dismissed. His car was de
molished. according to campus po
lice.
Chester Allen, a Stanford sopho
more from Baker.sficld. received
multiple cuts and bruises when he
fell asleep at the when! of his car
and the auto crashed into a tree
along Palm Drive Sunday.
Allen was rushed to the Palo Alto
Hospital following the accident hut
was soon dismissed. His car was de
molished. according to campus po
lice.
Chester Allen, a Stanford sopho
more from Baker.sficld. received
multiple cuts and bruises when he
fell asleep at the when! of his car
and the auto crashed into a tree
along Palm Drive Sunday.
Allen was rushed to the Palo Alto
Hospital following the accident hut
was soon dismissed. His car was de
molished. according to campus po
lice.
Chester Allen, a Stanford sopho
more from Baker.sficld. received
multiple cuts and bruises when he
fell asleep at the when! of his car
and the auto crashed into a tree
along Palm Drive Sunday.
Allen was rushed to the Palo Alto
Hospital following the accident hut
was soon dismissed. His car was de
molished. according to campus po
lice.
Chester Allen, a Stanford sopho
more from Baker.sficld. received
multiple cuts and bruises when he
fell asleep at the when! of his car
and the auto crashed into a tree
along Palm Drive Sunday.
Allen was rushed to the Palo Alto
Hospital following the accident hut
was soon dismissed. His car was de
molished. according to campus po
lice.
Chester Allen, a Stanford sopho
more from Baker.sficld. received
multiple cuts and bruises when he
fell asleep at the when! of his car
and the auto crashed into a tree
along Palm Drive Sunday.
Allen was rushed to the Palo Alto
Hospital following the accident hut
was soon dismissed. His car was de
molished. according to campus po
lice.
