# Man Is Arrested In Stadium Brawl
## 
### 
A Palo Alto resident was hustled
of! to jail during Saturday's foot
ball game when he staged a wild
fist - swinging brawl with several
women at Stanford Stadium.
William T. Elliott was arrested by
campus police and charged with as
sault and battery on complaint of
Mrs. C. J. Stillwell, who charged
and had struck her daughter on the
and had truck her daughter on the
eye.
According to witnesses, Elliot*
had been drinking when he arrived
at the Stadium with his wife. Dur
ing the game he persisted in pick
ing a quarrel with his wife, and
when Mrs. Stillwell interrupted he
flashed his fist at her. When Mrs.
Stillwell objected he took a mighty
swing that struck her daughter.
Elliott will face trial this morn
ing in the justice court of Judge
Edward E. Hardv.
