# Nobel Peace Award
## 
### 
OSLO, Norway, Nov. s—The No
bel peace prize for 1951 has been
awarded to Leon Jouhaux, veteran
French trade union head and a
leader in the drive against Commu
nism in labor unions, it was an
nounced today.
The prize, which last year went
to Dr. Ralph Bunche, American UN
official, is awarded by the Norwe
gian parliament. Jouhaux will re
ceive $32,357.61.
OSLO, Norway, Nov. s—The No
bel peace prize for 1951 has been
awarded to Leon Jouhaux, veteran
French trade union head and a
leader in the drive against Commu
nism in labor unions, it was an
nounced today.
The prize, which last year went
to Dr. Ralph Bunche, American UN
official, is awarded by the Norwe
gian parliament. Jouhaux will re
ceive $32,357.61.
OSLO, Norway, Nov. s—The No
bel peace prize for 1951 has been
awarded to Leon Jouhaux, veteran
French trade union head and a
leader in the drive against Commu
nism in labor unions, it was an
nounced today.
The prize, which last year went
to Dr. Ralph Bunche, American UN
official, is awarded by the Norwe
gian parliament. Jouhaux will re
ceive $32,357.61.
OSLO, Norway, Nov. s—The No
bel peace prize for 1951 has been
awarded to Leon Jouhaux, veteran
French trade union head and a
leader in the drive against Commu
nism in labor unions, it was an
nounced today.
The prize, which last year went
to Dr. Ralph Bunche, American UN
official, is awarded by the Norwe
gian parliament. Jouhaux will re
ceive $32,357.61.
OSLO, Norway, Nov. s—The No
bel peace prize for 1951 has been
awarded to Leon Jouhaux, veteran
French trade union head and a
leader in the drive against Commu
nism in labor unions, it was an
nounced today.
The prize, which last year went
to Dr. Ralph Bunche, American UN
official, is awarded by the Norwe
gian parliament. Jouhaux will re
ceive $32,357.61.
OSLO, Norway, Nov. s—The No
bel peace prize for 1951 has been
awarded to Leon Jouhaux, veteran
French trade union head and a
leader in the drive against Commu
nism in labor unions, it was an
nounced today.
The prize, which last year went
to Dr. Ralph Bunche, American UN
official, is awarded by the Norwe
gian parliament. Jouhaux will re
ceive $32,357.61.
OSLO, Norway, Nov. s—The No
bel peace prize for 1951 has been
awarded to Leon Jouhaux, veteran
French trade union head and a
leader in the drive against Commu
nism in labor unions, it was an
nounced today.
The prize, which last year went
to Dr. Ralph Bunche, American UN
official, is awarded by the Norwe
gian parliament. Jouhaux will re
ceive $32,357.61.
OSLO, Norway, Nov. s—The No
bel peace prize for 1951 has been
awarded to Leon Jouhaux, veteran
French trade union head and a
leader in the drive against Commu
nism in labor unions, it was an
nounced today.
The prize, which last year went
to Dr. Ralph Bunche, American UN
official, is awarded by the Norwe
gian parliament. Jouhaux will re
ceive $32,357.61.
OSLO, Norway, Nov. s—The No
bel peace prize for 1951 has been
awarded to Leon Jouhaux, veteran
French trade union head and a
leader in the drive against Commu
nism in labor unions, it was an
nounced today.
The prize, which last year went
to Dr. Ralph Bunche, American UN
official, is awarded by the Norwe
gian parliament. Jouhaux will re
ceive $32,357.61.
OSLO, Norway, Nov. s—The No
bel peace prize for 1951 has been
awarded to Leon Jouhaux, veteran
French trade union head and a
leader in the drive against Commu
nism in labor unions, it was an
nounced today.
The prize, which last year went
to Dr. Ralph Bunche, American UN
official, is awarded by the Norwe
gian parliament. Jouhaux will re
ceive $32,357.61.
OSLO, Norway, Nov. s—The No
bel peace prize for 1951 has been
awarded to Leon Jouhaux, veteran
French trade union head and a
leader in the drive against Commu
nism in labor unions, it was an
nounced today.
The prize, which last year went
to Dr. Ralph Bunche, American UN
official, is awarded by the Norwe
gian parliament. Jouhaux will re
ceive $32,357.61.
OSLO, Norway, Nov. s—The No
bel peace prize for 1951 has been
awarded to Leon Jouhaux, veteran
French trade union head and a
leader in the drive against Commu
nism in labor unions, it was an
nounced today.
The prize, which last year went
to Dr. Ralph Bunche, American UN
official, is awarded by the Norwe
gian parliament. Jouhaux will re
ceive $32,357.61.
OSLO, Norway, Nov. s—The No
bel peace prize for 1951 has been
awarded to Leon Jouhaux, veteran
French trade union head and a
leader in the drive against Commu
nism in labor unions, it was an
nounced today.
The prize, which last year went
to Dr. Ralph Bunche, American UN
official, is awarded by the Norwe
gian parliament. Jouhaux will re
ceive $32,357.61.
OSLO, Norway, Nov. s—The No
bel peace prize for 1951 has been
awarded to Leon Jouhaux, veteran
French trade union head and a
leader in the drive against Commu
nism in labor unions, it was an
nounced today.
The prize, which last year went
to Dr. Ralph Bunche, American UN
official, is awarded by the Norwe
gian parliament. Jouhaux will re
ceive $32,357.61.
OSLO, Norway, Nov. s—The No
bel peace prize for 1951 has been
awarded to Leon Jouhaux, veteran
French trade union head and a
leader in the drive against Commu
nism in labor unions, it was an
nounced today.
The prize, which last year went
to Dr. Ralph Bunche, American UN
official, is awarded by the Norwe
gian parliament. Jouhaux will re
ceive $32,357.61.
