# FAUX PAS HISTORIC
## 
### 
WILKES-BARRE, Pa. (UP).—lt is
probable that Richard Bishop, util
ity man at the Wilkes-Barre Court
house, always will remember Con
stitution day. As the nation ob
served the signing of the historic
document. Bishop unfurled the
courthouse Hag—upside down.
WILKES-BARRE, Pa. (UP).—lt is
probable that Richard Bishop, util
ity man at the Wilkes-Barre Court
house, always will remember Con
stitution day. As the nation ob
served the signing of the historic
document. Bishop unfurled the
courthouse Hag—upside down.
WILKES-BARRE, Pa. (UP).—lt is
probable that Richard Bishop, util
ity man at the Wilkes-Barre Court
house, always will remember Con
stitution day. As the nation ob
served the signing of the historic
document. Bishop unfurled the
courthouse Hag—upside down.
WILKES-BARRE, Pa. (UP).—lt is
probable that Richard Bishop, util
ity man at the Wilkes-Barre Court
house, always will remember Con
stitution day. As the nation ob
served the signing of the historic
document. Bishop unfurled the
courthouse Hag—upside down.
WILKES-BARRE, Pa. (UP).—lt is
probable that Richard Bishop, util
ity man at the Wilkes-Barre Court
house, always will remember Con
stitution day. As the nation ob
served the signing of the historic
document. Bishop unfurled the
courthouse Hag—upside down.
WILKES-BARRE, Pa. (UP).—lt is
probable that Richard Bishop, util
ity man at the Wilkes-Barre Court
house, always will remember Con
stitution day. As the nation ob
served the signing of the historic
document. Bishop unfurled the
courthouse Hag—upside down.
WILKES-BARRE, Pa. (UP).—lt is
probable that Richard Bishop, util
ity man at the Wilkes-Barre Court
house, always will remember Con
stitution day. As the nation ob
served the signing of the historic
document. Bishop unfurled the
courthouse Hag—upside down.
WILKES-BARRE, Pa. (UP).—lt is
probable that Richard Bishop, util
ity man at the Wilkes-Barre Court
house, always will remember Con
stitution day. As the nation ob
served the signing of the historic
document. Bishop unfurled the
courthouse Hag—upside down.
WILKES-BARRE, Pa. (UP).—lt is
probable that Richard Bishop, util
ity man at the Wilkes-Barre Court
house, always will remember Con
stitution day. As the nation ob
served the signing of the historic
document. Bishop unfurled the
courthouse Hag—upside down.
WILKES-BARRE, Pa. (UP).—lt is
probable that Richard Bishop, util
ity man at the Wilkes-Barre Court
house, always will remember Con
stitution day. As the nation ob
served the signing of the historic
document. Bishop unfurled the
courthouse Hag—upside down.
WILKES-BARRE, Pa. (UP).—lt is
probable that Richard Bishop, util
ity man at the Wilkes-Barre Court
house, always will remember Con
stitution day. As the nation ob
served the signing of the historic
document. Bishop unfurled the
courthouse Hag—upside down.
WILKES-BARRE, Pa. (UP).—lt is
probable that Richard Bishop, util
ity man at the Wilkes-Barre Court
house, always will remember Con
stitution day. As the nation ob
served the signing of the historic
document. Bishop unfurled the
courthouse Hag—upside down.
WILKES-BARRE, Pa. (UP).—lt is
probable that Richard Bishop, util
ity man at the Wilkes-Barre Court
house, always will remember Con
stitution day. As the nation ob
served the signing of the historic
document. Bishop unfurled the
courthouse Hag—upside down.
WILKES-BARRE, Pa. (UP).—lt is
probable that Richard Bishop, util
ity man at the Wilkes-Barre Court
house, always will remember Con
stitution day. As the nation ob
served the signing of the historic
document. Bishop unfurled the
courthouse Hag—upside down.
WILKES-BARRE, Pa. (UP).—lt is
probable that Richard Bishop, util
ity man at the Wilkes-Barre Court
house, always will remember Con
stitution day. As the nation ob
served the signing of the historic
document. Bishop unfurled the
courthouse Hag—upside down.
