# Justice Finds Pension Plan Constitutional
## Claude Minard Gives Decision in Final Moot Court Hearing 
### 
Ruled constitutional was "s,*)()-
Every-Thursday by Judge Claude
Minard, secretary of the California
State Bar Association, in Moot Court
last night. The decision was based
upon the superior argument of re
spondent's counsel, but was quali
fied by the following statement by
Judge Minard:
"The court appreciates the gravity
of the problem under consideration
and, recognizing the excellent argu
ments and briefs of both sides, de
cision was difficult. From a legal
point of view, it is the opinion of
the court that the pension warrants
are bills of credit, and as such ex
pressly prohibited to the states un
der the federal Constitution. From
this standpoint, the pension plan is
unconstitutional, and under differ
ent circumstances might be so ruled.
Argument for respondent in this
case was superior, however, and on
that basis it is the ruling of the
court that the judgment is in favor
of the act."
The case was presented as an en
joinder from a private citizen of the
mythical state of Oklazona against
the state treasurer, preventing the
treasurer from paying state funds to
the administration of the pension
act.
Provisions of the mythical act
were paraphrased from the actual
wording of the pension initiative
which will be put before the people
of California in the November 8
election this year.
Attorneys for the defense were
George H. Whitney and Edward L.
Butterworth, while plaintiff was rep
resented by Charles F. Jones and
Carl F. Dodge.
This was the final session of the
Moot Court for fall quarter. Win
ners of cases this quarter will meet
in winter quarter semi-finals, and
final cases will be heard during
spring quarter.
Ruled constitutional was "s,*)()-
Every-Thursday by Judge Claude
Minard, secretary of the California
State Bar Association, in Moot Court
last night. The decision was based
upon the superior argument of re
spondent's counsel, but was quali
fied by the following statement by
Judge Minard:
"The court appreciates the gravity
of the problem under consideration
and, recognizing the excellent argu
ments and briefs of both sides, de
cision was difficult. From a legal
point of view, it is the opinion of
the court that the pension warrants
are bills of credit, and as such ex
pressly prohibited to the states un
der the federal Constitution. From
this standpoint, the pension plan is
unconstitutional, and under differ
ent circumstances might be so ruled.
Argument for respondent in this
case was superior, however, and on
that basis it is the ruling of the
court that the judgment is in favor
of the act."
The case was presented as an en
joinder from a private citizen of the
mythical state of Oklazona against
the state treasurer, preventing the
treasurer from paying state funds to
the administration of the pension
act.
Provisions of the mythical act
were paraphrased from the actual
wording of the pension initiative
which will be put before the people
of California in the November 8
election this year.
Attorneys for the defense were
George H. Whitney and Edward L.
Butterworth, while plaintiff was rep
resented by Charles F. Jones and
Carl F. Dodge.
This was the final session of the
Moot Court for fall quarter. Win
ners of cases this quarter will meet
in winter quarter semi-finals, and
final cases will be heard during
spring quarter.
Ruled constitutional was "s,*)()-
Every-Thursday by Judge Claude
Minard, secretary of the California
State Bar Association, in Moot Court
last night. The decision was based
upon the superior argument of re
spondent's counsel, but was quali
fied by the following statement by
Judge Minard:
"The court appreciates the gravity
of the problem under consideration
and, recognizing the excellent argu
ments and briefs of both sides, de
cision was difficult. From a legal
point of view, it is the opinion of
the court that the pension warrants
are bills of credit, and as such ex
pressly prohibited to the states un
der the federal Constitution. From
this standpoint, the pension plan is
unconstitutional, and under differ
ent circumstances might be so ruled.
Argument for respondent in this
case was superior, however, and on
that basis it is the ruling of the
court that the judgment is in favor
of the act."
The case was presented as an en
joinder from a private citizen of the
mythical state of Oklazona against
the state treasurer, preventing the
treasurer from paying state funds to
the administration of the pension
act.
Provisions of the mythical act
were paraphrased from the actual
wording of the pension initiative
which will be put before the people
of California in the November 8
election this year.
Attorneys for the defense were
George H. Whitney and Edward L.
Butterworth, while plaintiff was rep
resented by Charles F. Jones and
Carl F. Dodge.
This was the final session of the
Moot Court for fall quarter. Win
ners of cases this quarter will meet
in winter quarter semi-finals, and
final cases will be heard during
spring quarter.
Ruled constitutional was "s,*)()-
Every-Thursday by Judge Claude
Minard, secretary of the California
State Bar Association, in Moot Court
last night. The decision was based
upon the superior argument of re
spondent's counsel, but was quali
fied by the following statement by
Judge Minard:
"The court appreciates the gravity
of the problem under consideration
and, recognizing the excellent argu
ments and briefs of both sides, de
cision was difficult. From a legal
point of view, it is the opinion of
the court that the pension warrants
are bills of credit, and as such ex
pressly prohibited to the states un
der the federal Constitution. From
this standpoint, the pension plan is
unconstitutional, and under differ
ent circumstances might be so ruled.
Argument for respondent in this
case was superior, however, and on
that basis it is the ruling of the
court that the judgment is in favor
of the act."
The case was presented as an en
joinder from a private citizen of the
mythical state of Oklazona against
the state treasurer, preventing the
treasurer from paying state funds to
the administration of the pension
act.
Provisions of the mythical act
were paraphrased from the actual
wording of the pension initiative
which will be put before the people
of California in the November 8
election this year.
Attorneys for the defense were
George H. Whitney and Edward L.
Butterworth, while plaintiff was rep
resented by Charles F. Jones and
Carl F. Dodge.
This was the final session of the
Moot Court for fall quarter. Win
ners of cases this quarter will meet
in winter quarter semi-finals, and
final cases will be heard during
spring quarter.
Ruled constitutional was "s,*)()-
Every-Thursday by Judge Claude
Minard, secretary of the California
State Bar Association, in Moot Court
last night. The decision was based
upon the superior argument of re
spondent's counsel, but was quali
fied by the following statement by
Judge Minard:
"The court appreciates the gravity
of the problem under consideration
and, recognizing the excellent argu
ments and briefs of both sides, de
cision was difficult. From a legal
point of view, it is the opinion of
the court that the pension warrants
are bills of credit, and as such ex
pressly prohibited to the states un
der the federal Constitution. From
this standpoint, the pension plan is
unconstitutional, and under differ
ent circumstances might be so ruled.
Argument for respondent in this
case was superior, however, and on
that basis it is the ruling of the
court that the judgment is in favor
of the act."
The case was presented as an en
joinder from a private citizen of the
mythical state of Oklazona against
the state treasurer, preventing the
treasurer from paying state funds to
the administration of the pension
act.
Provisions of the mythical act
were paraphrased from the actual
wording of the pension initiative
which will be put before the people
of California in the November 8
election this year.
Attorneys for the defense were
George H. Whitney and Edward L.
Butterworth, while plaintiff was rep
resented by Charles F. Jones and
Carl F. Dodge.
This was the final session of the
Moot Court for fall quarter. Win
ners of cases this quarter will meet
in winter quarter semi-finals, and
final cases will be heard during
spring quarter.
Ruled constitutional was "s,*)()-
Every-Thursday by Judge Claude
Minard, secretary of the California
State Bar Association, in Moot Court
last night. The decision was based
upon the superior argument of re
spondent's counsel, but was quali
fied by the following statement by
Judge Minard:
"The court appreciates the gravity
of the problem under consideration
and, recognizing the excellent argu
ments and briefs of both sides, de
cision was difficult. From a legal
point of view, it is the opinion of
the court that the pension warrants
are bills of credit, and as such ex
pressly prohibited to the states un
der the federal Constitution. From
this standpoint, the pension plan is
unconstitutional, and under differ
ent circumstances might be so ruled.
Argument for respondent in this
case was superior, however, and on
that basis it is the ruling of the
court that the judgment is in favor
of the act."
The case was presented as an en
joinder from a private citizen of the
mythical state of Oklazona against
the state treasurer, preventing the
treasurer from paying state funds to
the administration of the pension
act.
Provisions of the mythical act
were paraphrased from the actual
wording of the pension initiative
which will be put before the people
of California in the November 8
election this year.
Attorneys for the defense were
George H. Whitney and Edward L.
Butterworth, while plaintiff was rep
resented by Charles F. Jones and
Carl F. Dodge.
This was the final session of the
Moot Court for fall quarter. Win
ners of cases this quarter will meet
in winter quarter semi-finals, and
final cases will be heard during
spring quarter.
Ruled constitutional was "s,*)()-
Every-Thursday by Judge Claude
Minard, secretary of the California
State Bar Association, in Moot Court
last night. The decision was based
upon the superior argument of re
spondent's counsel, but was quali
fied by the following statement by
Judge Minard:
"The court appreciates the gravity
of the problem under consideration
and, recognizing the excellent argu
ments and briefs of both sides, de
cision was difficult. From a legal
point of view, it is the opinion of
the court that the pension warrants
are bills of credit, and as such ex
pressly prohibited to the states un
der the federal Constitution. From
this standpoint, the pension plan is
unconstitutional, and under differ
ent circumstances might be so ruled.
Argument for respondent in this
case was superior, however, and on
that basis it is the ruling of the
court that the judgment is in favor
of the act."
The case was presented as an en
joinder from a private citizen of the
mythical state of Oklazona against
the state treasurer, preventing the
treasurer from paying state funds to
the administration of the pension
act.
Provisions of the mythical act
were paraphrased from the actual
wording of the pension initiative
which will be put before the people
of California in the November 8
election this year.
Attorneys for the defense were
George H. Whitney and Edward L.
Butterworth, while plaintiff was rep
resented by Charles F. Jones and
Carl F. Dodge.
This was the final session of the
Moot Court for fall quarter. Win
ners of cases this quarter will meet
in winter quarter semi-finals, and
final cases will be heard during
spring quarter.
Ruled constitutional was "s,*)()-
Every-Thursday by Judge Claude
Minard, secretary of the California
State Bar Association, in Moot Court
last night. The decision was based
upon the superior argument of re
spondent's counsel, but was quali
fied by the following statement by
Judge Minard:
"The court appreciates the gravity
of the problem under consideration
and, recognizing the excellent argu
ments and briefs of both sides, de
cision was difficult. From a legal
point of view, it is the opinion of
the court that the pension warrants
are bills of credit, and as such ex
pressly prohibited to the states un
der the federal Constitution. From
this standpoint, the pension plan is
unconstitutional, and under differ
ent circumstances might be so ruled.
Argument for respondent in this
case was superior, however, and on
that basis it is the ruling of the
court that the judgment is in favor
of the act."
The case was presented as an en
joinder from a private citizen of the
mythical state of Oklazona against
the state treasurer, preventing the
treasurer from paying state funds to
the administration of the pension
act.
Provisions of the mythical act
were paraphrased from the actual
wording of the pension initiative
which will be put before the people
of California in the November 8
election this year.
Attorneys for the defense were
George H. Whitney and Edward L.
Butterworth, while plaintiff was rep
resented by Charles F. Jones and
Carl F. Dodge.
This was the final session of the
Moot Court for fall quarter. Win
ners of cases this quarter will meet
in winter quarter semi-finals, and
final cases will be heard during
spring quarter.
Ruled constitutional was "s,*)()-
Every-Thursday by Judge Claude
Minard, secretary of the California
State Bar Association, in Moot Court
last night. The decision was based
upon the superior argument of re
spondent's counsel, but was quali
fied by the following statement by
Judge Minard:
"The court appreciates the gravity
of the problem under consideration
and, recognizing the excellent argu
ments and briefs of both sides, de
cision was difficult. From a legal
point of view, it is the opinion of
the court that the pension warrants
are bills of credit, and as such ex
pressly prohibited to the states un
der the federal Constitution. From
this standpoint, the pension plan is
unconstitutional, and under differ
ent circumstances might be so ruled.
Argument for respondent in this
case was superior, however, and on
that basis it is the ruling of the
court that the judgment is in favor
of the act."
The case was presented as an en
joinder from a private citizen of the
mythical state of Oklazona against
the state treasurer, preventing the
treasurer from paying state funds to
the administration of the pension
act.
Provisions of the mythical act
were paraphrased from the actual
wording of the pension initiative
which will be put before the people
of California in the November 8
election this year.
Attorneys for the defense were
George H. Whitney and Edward L.
Butterworth, while plaintiff was rep
resented by Charles F. Jones and
Carl F. Dodge.
This was the final session of the
Moot Court for fall quarter. Win
ners of cases this quarter will meet
in winter quarter semi-finals, and
final cases will be heard during
spring quarter.
Ruled constitutional was "s,*)()-
Every-Thursday by Judge Claude
Minard, secretary of the California
State Bar Association, in Moot Court
last night. The decision was based
upon the superior argument of re
spondent's counsel, but was quali
fied by the following statement by
Judge Minard:
"The court appreciates the gravity
of the problem under consideration
and, recognizing the excellent argu
ments and briefs of both sides, de
cision was difficult. From a legal
point of view, it is the opinion of
the court that the pension warrants
are bills of credit, and as such ex
pressly prohibited to the states un
der the federal Constitution. From
this standpoint, the pension plan is
unconstitutional, and under differ
ent circumstances might be so ruled.
Argument for respondent in this
case was superior, however, and on
that basis it is the ruling of the
court that the judgment is in favor
of the act."
The case was presented as an en
joinder from a private citizen of the
mythical state of Oklazona against
the state treasurer, preventing the
treasurer from paying state funds to
the administration of the pension
act.
Provisions of the mythical act
were paraphrased from the actual
wording of the pension initiative
which will be put before the people
of California in the November 8
election this year.
Attorneys for the defense were
George H. Whitney and Edward L.
Butterworth, while plaintiff was rep
resented by Charles F. Jones and
Carl F. Dodge.
This was the final session of the
Moot Court for fall quarter. Win
ners of cases this quarter will meet
in winter quarter semi-finals, and
final cases will be heard during
spring quarter.
Ruled constitutional was "s,*)()-
Every-Thursday by Judge Claude
Minard, secretary of the California
State Bar Association, in Moot Court
last night. The decision was based
upon the superior argument of re
spondent's counsel, but was quali
fied by the following statement by
Judge Minard:
"The court appreciates the gravity
of the problem under consideration
and, recognizing the excellent argu
ments and briefs of both sides, de
cision was difficult. From a legal
point of view, it is the opinion of
the court that the pension warrants
are bills of credit, and as such ex
pressly prohibited to the states un
der the federal Constitution. From
this standpoint, the pension plan is
unconstitutional, and under differ
ent circumstances might be so ruled.
Argument for respondent in this
case was superior, however, and on
that basis it is the ruling of the
court that the judgment is in favor
of the act."
The case was presented as an en
joinder from a private citizen of the
mythical state of Oklazona against
the state treasurer, preventing the
treasurer from paying state funds to
the administration of the pension
act.
Provisions of the mythical act
were paraphrased from the actual
wording of the pension initiative
which will be put before the people
of California in the November 8
election this year.
Attorneys for the defense were
George H. Whitney and Edward L.
Butterworth, while plaintiff was rep
resented by Charles F. Jones and
Carl F. Dodge.
This was the final session of the
Moot Court for fall quarter. Win
ners of cases this quarter will meet
in winter quarter semi-finals, and
final cases will be heard during
spring quarter.
Ruled constitutional was "s,*)()-
Every-Thursday by Judge Claude
Minard, secretary of the California
State Bar Association, in Moot Court
last night. The decision was based
upon the superior argument of re
spondent's counsel, but was quali
fied by the following statement by
Judge Minard:
"The court appreciates the gravity
of the problem under consideration
and, recognizing the excellent argu
ments and briefs of both sides, de
cision was difficult. From a legal
point of view, it is the opinion of
the court that the pension warrants
are bills of credit, and as such ex
pressly prohibited to the states un
der the federal Constitution. From
this standpoint, the pension plan is
unconstitutional, and under differ
ent circumstances might be so ruled.
Argument for respondent in this
case was superior, however, and on
that basis it is the ruling of the
court that the judgment is in favor
of the act."
The case was presented as an en
joinder from a private citizen of the
mythical state of Oklazona against
the state treasurer, preventing the
treasurer from paying state funds to
the administration of the pension
act.
Provisions of the mythical act
were paraphrased from the actual
wording of the pension initiative
which will be put before the people
of California in the November 8
election this year.
Attorneys for the defense were
George H. Whitney and Edward L.
Butterworth, while plaintiff was rep
resented by Charles F. Jones and
Carl F. Dodge.
This was the final session of the
Moot Court for fall quarter. Win
ners of cases this quarter will meet
in winter quarter semi-finals, and
final cases will be heard during
spring quarter.
Ruled constitutional was "s,*)()-
Every-Thursday by Judge Claude
Minard, secretary of the California
State Bar Association, in Moot Court
last night. The decision was based
upon the superior argument of re
spondent's counsel, but was quali
fied by the following statement by
Judge Minard:
"The court appreciates the gravity
of the problem under consideration
and, recognizing the excellent argu
ments and briefs of both sides, de
cision was difficult. From a legal
point of view, it is the opinion of
the court that the pension warrants
are bills of credit, and as such ex
pressly prohibited to the states un
der the federal Constitution. From
this standpoint, the pension plan is
unconstitutional, and under differ
ent circumstances might be so ruled.
Argument for respondent in this
case was superior, however, and on
that basis it is the ruling of the
court that the judgment is in favor
of the act."
The case was presented as an en
joinder from a private citizen of the
mythical state of Oklazona against
the state treasurer, preventing the
treasurer from paying state funds to
the administration of the pension
act.
Provisions of the mythical act
were paraphrased from the actual
wording of the pension initiative
which will be put before the people
of California in the November 8
election this year.
Attorneys for the defense were
George H. Whitney and Edward L.
Butterworth, while plaintiff was rep
resented by Charles F. Jones and
Carl F. Dodge.
This was the final session of the
Moot Court for fall quarter. Win
ners of cases this quarter will meet
in winter quarter semi-finals, and
final cases will be heard during
spring quarter.
Ruled constitutional was "s,*)()-
Every-Thursday by Judge Claude
Minard, secretary of the California
State Bar Association, in Moot Court
last night. The decision was based
upon the superior argument of re
spondent's counsel, but was quali
fied by the following statement by
Judge Minard:
"The court appreciates the gravity
of the problem under consideration
and, recognizing the excellent argu
ments and briefs of both sides, de
cision was difficult. From a legal
point of view, it is the opinion of
the court that the pension warrants
are bills of credit, and as such ex
pressly prohibited to the states un
der the federal Constitution. From
this standpoint, the pension plan is
unconstitutional, and under differ
ent circumstances might be so ruled.
Argument for respondent in this
case was superior, however, and on
that basis it is the ruling of the
court that the judgment is in favor
of the act."
The case was presented as an en
joinder from a private citizen of the
mythical state of Oklazona against
the state treasurer, preventing the
treasurer from paying state funds to
the administration of the pension
act.
Provisions of the mythical act
were paraphrased from the actual
wording of the pension initiative
which will be put before the people
of California in the November 8
election this year.
Attorneys for the defense were
George H. Whitney and Edward L.
Butterworth, while plaintiff was rep
resented by Charles F. Jones and
Carl F. Dodge.
This was the final session of the
Moot Court for fall quarter. Win
ners of cases this quarter will meet
in winter quarter semi-finals, and
final cases will be heard during
spring quarter.
Ruled constitutional was "s,*)()-
Every-Thursday by Judge Claude
Minard, secretary of the California
State Bar Association, in Moot Court
last night. The decision was based
upon the superior argument of re
spondent's counsel, but was quali
fied by the following statement by
Judge Minard:
"The court appreciates the gravity
of the problem under consideration
and, recognizing the excellent argu
ments and briefs of both sides, de
cision was difficult. From a legal
point of view, it is the opinion of
the court that the pension warrants
are bills of credit, and as such ex
pressly prohibited to the states un
der the federal Constitution. From
this standpoint, the pension plan is
unconstitutional, and under differ
ent circumstances might be so ruled.
Argument for respondent in this
case was superior, however, and on
that basis it is the ruling of the
court that the judgment is in favor
of the act."
The case was presented as an en
joinder from a private citizen of the
mythical state of Oklazona against
the state treasurer, preventing the
treasurer from paying state funds to
the administration of the pension
act.
Provisions of the mythical act
were paraphrased from the actual
wording of the pension initiative
which will be put before the people
of California in the November 8
election this year.
Attorneys for the defense were
George H. Whitney and Edward L.
Butterworth, while plaintiff was rep
resented by Charles F. Jones and
Carl F. Dodge.
This was the final session of the
Moot Court for fall quarter. Win
ners of cases this quarter will meet
in winter quarter semi-finals, and
final cases will be heard during
spring quarter.
