# Adv. 5 Page 2
## 
### 
"I ate j
in Encina
for one
year
AND I have tried the
hundred odd places to
dine in Palo Alto. So
now, I genuinely ap
preciate the savory,
satisfying home-cooked
meals served at the
Kopper Kettle!"
tfpppct
mi ig
537 Bryant Street
Between University and
Hamilton
"I ate j
in Encina
for one
year
AND I have tried the
hundred odd places to
dine in Palo Alto. So
now, I genuinely ap
preciate the savory,
satisfying home-cooked
meals served at the
Kopper Kettle!"
tfpppct
mi ig
537 Bryant Street
Between University and
Hamilton
"I ate j
in Encina
for one
year
AND I have tried the
hundred odd places to
dine in Palo Alto. So
now, I genuinely ap
preciate the savory,
satisfying home-cooked
meals served at the
Kopper Kettle!"
tfpppct
mi ig
537 Bryant Street
Between University and
Hamilton
"I ate j
in Encina
for one
year
AND I have tried the
hundred odd places to
dine in Palo Alto. So
now, I genuinely ap
preciate the savory,
satisfying home-cooked
meals served at the
Kopper Kettle!"
tfpppct
mi ig
537 Bryant Street
Between University and
Hamilton
"I ate j
in Encina
for one
year
AND I have tried the
hundred odd places to
dine in Palo Alto. So
now, I genuinely ap
preciate the savory,
satisfying home-cooked
meals served at the
Kopper Kettle!"
tfpppct
mi ig
537 Bryant Street
Between University and
Hamilton
"I ate j
in Encina
for one
year
AND I have tried the
hundred odd places to
dine in Palo Alto. So
now, I genuinely ap
preciate the savory,
satisfying home-cooked
meals served at the
Kopper Kettle!"
tfpppct
mi ig
537 Bryant Street
Between University and
Hamilton
"I ate j
in Encina
for one
year
AND I have tried the
hundred odd places to
dine in Palo Alto. So
now, I genuinely ap
preciate the savory,
satisfying home-cooked
meals served at the
Kopper Kettle!"
tfpppct
mi ig
537 Bryant Street
Between University and
Hamilton
"I ate j
in Encina
for one
year
AND I have tried the
hundred odd places to
dine in Palo Alto. So
now, I genuinely ap
preciate the savory,
satisfying home-cooked
meals served at the
Kopper Kettle!"
tfpppct
mi ig
537 Bryant Street
Between University and
Hamilton
"I ate j
in Encina
for one
year
AND I have tried the
hundred odd places to
dine in Palo Alto. So
now, I genuinely ap
preciate the savory,
satisfying home-cooked
meals served at the
Kopper Kettle!"
tfpppct
mi ig
537 Bryant Street
Between University and
Hamilton
"I ate j
in Encina
for one
year
AND I have tried the
hundred odd places to
dine in Palo Alto. So
now, I genuinely ap
preciate the savory,
satisfying home-cooked
meals served at the
Kopper Kettle!"
tfpppct
mi ig
537 Bryant Street
Between University and
Hamilton
"I ate j
in Encina
for one
year
AND I have tried the
hundred odd places to
dine in Palo Alto. So
now, I genuinely ap
preciate the savory,
satisfying home-cooked
meals served at the
Kopper Kettle!"
tfpppct
mi ig
537 Bryant Street
Between University and
Hamilton
"I ate j
in Encina
for one
year
AND I have tried the
hundred odd places to
dine in Palo Alto. So
now, I genuinely ap
preciate the savory,
satisfying home-cooked
meals served at the
Kopper Kettle!"
tfpppct
mi ig
537 Bryant Street
Between University and
Hamilton
"I ate j
in Encina
for one
year
AND I have tried the
hundred odd places to
dine in Palo Alto. So
now, I genuinely ap
preciate the savory,
satisfying home-cooked
meals served at the
Kopper Kettle!"
tfpppct
mi ig
537 Bryant Street
Between University and
Hamilton
"I ate j
in Encina
for one
year
AND I have tried the
hundred odd places to
dine in Palo Alto. So
now, I genuinely ap
preciate the savory,
satisfying home-cooked
meals served at the
Kopper Kettle!"
tfpppct
mi ig
537 Bryant Street
Between University and
Hamilton
"I ate j
in Encina
for one
year
AND I have tried the
hundred odd places to
dine in Palo Alto. So
now, I genuinely ap
preciate the savory,
satisfying home-cooked
meals served at the
Kopper Kettle!"
tfpppct
mi ig
537 Bryant Street
Between University and
Hamilton
