# WARD POULSON
## 
### 

Ward Poulson, who will start the
Oregon game at tackle for Stanford
tomorrow afternoon. Poulson was the
individual line star last Saturday
against Nevada.

Ward Poulson, who will start the
Oregon game at tackle for Stanford
tomorrow afternoon. Poulson was the
individual line star last Saturday
against Nevada.

Ward Poulson, who will start the
Oregon game at tackle for Stanford
tomorrow afternoon. Poulson was the
individual line star last Saturday
against Nevada.

Ward Poulson, who will start the
Oregon game at tackle for Stanford
tomorrow afternoon. Poulson was the
individual line star last Saturday
against Nevada.

Ward Poulson, who will start the
Oregon game at tackle for Stanford
tomorrow afternoon. Poulson was the
individual line star last Saturday
against Nevada.

Ward Poulson, who will start the
Oregon game at tackle for Stanford
tomorrow afternoon. Poulson was the
individual line star last Saturday
against Nevada.

Ward Poulson, who will start the
Oregon game at tackle for Stanford
tomorrow afternoon. Poulson was the
individual line star last Saturday
against Nevada.

Ward Poulson, who will start the
Oregon game at tackle for Stanford
tomorrow afternoon. Poulson was the
individual line star last Saturday
against Nevada.

Ward Poulson, who will start the
Oregon game at tackle for Stanford
tomorrow afternoon. Poulson was the
individual line star last Saturday
against Nevada.

Ward Poulson, who will start the
Oregon game at tackle for Stanford
tomorrow afternoon. Poulson was the
individual line star last Saturday
against Nevada.

Ward Poulson, who will start the
Oregon game at tackle for Stanford
tomorrow afternoon. Poulson was the
individual line star last Saturday
against Nevada.

Ward Poulson, who will start the
Oregon game at tackle for Stanford
tomorrow afternoon. Poulson was the
individual line star last Saturday
against Nevada.

Ward Poulson, who will start the
Oregon game at tackle for Stanford
tomorrow afternoon. Poulson was the
individual line star last Saturday
against Nevada.

Ward Poulson, who will start the
Oregon game at tackle for Stanford
tomorrow afternoon. Poulson was the
individual line star last Saturday
against Nevada.

Ward Poulson, who will start the
Oregon game at tackle for Stanford
tomorrow afternoon. Poulson was the
individual line star last Saturday
against Nevada.
