# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Dark blue felt, hats adorn the heads
of freshman women at the University
of Kansas.
Dark blue felt, hats adorn the heads
of freshman women at the University
of Kansas.
Dark blue felt, hats adorn the heads
of freshman women at the University
of Kansas.
Dark blue felt, hats adorn the heads
of freshman women at the University
of Kansas.
Dark blue felt, hats adorn the heads
of freshman women at the University
of Kansas.
Dark blue felt, hats adorn the heads
of freshman women at the University
of Kansas.
Dark blue felt, hats adorn the heads
of freshman women at the University
of Kansas.
Dark blue felt, hats adorn the heads
of freshman women at the University
of Kansas.
Dark blue felt, hats adorn the heads
of freshman women at the University
of Kansas.
Dark blue felt, hats adorn the heads
of freshman women at the University
of Kansas.
Dark blue felt, hats adorn the heads
of freshman women at the University
of Kansas.
Dark blue felt, hats adorn the heads
of freshman women at the University
of Kansas.
Dark blue felt, hats adorn the heads
of freshman women at the University
of Kansas.
Dark blue felt, hats adorn the heads
of freshman women at the University
of Kansas.
Dark blue felt, hats adorn the heads
of freshman women at the University
of Kansas.
