# Women Have Majority in Phi Beta Kappa Election
## 
### 
Women of U.C. won an intellectual
victory over the men students when
elections for Phi Beta Kappa, nation
al scholarship society, were recently
announced. Two-thirds of the success
ful candidates were women, three of
whom are daughters of officers and
faculty members of the university. Of
those elected, seven are candidates for
the Bachelor of Science degree, while
the others are working for the Bache
lor of Arts degree.
Women of U.C. won an intellectual
victory over the men students when
elections for Phi Beta Kappa, nation
al scholarship society, were recently
announced. Two-thirds of the success
ful candidates were women, three of
whom are daughters of officers and
faculty members of the university. Of
those elected, seven are candidates for
the Bachelor of Science degree, while
the others are working for the Bache
lor of Arts degree.
Women of U.C. won an intellectual
victory over the men students when
elections for Phi Beta Kappa, nation
al scholarship society, were recently
announced. Two-thirds of the success
ful candidates were women, three of
whom are daughters of officers and
faculty members of the university. Of
those elected, seven are candidates for
the Bachelor of Science degree, while
the others are working for the Bache
lor of Arts degree.
Women of U.C. won an intellectual
victory over the men students when
elections for Phi Beta Kappa, nation
al scholarship society, were recently
announced. Two-thirds of the success
ful candidates were women, three of
whom are daughters of officers and
faculty members of the university. Of
those elected, seven are candidates for
the Bachelor of Science degree, while
the others are working for the Bache
lor of Arts degree.
Women of U.C. won an intellectual
victory over the men students when
elections for Phi Beta Kappa, nation
al scholarship society, were recently
announced. Two-thirds of the success
ful candidates were women, three of
whom are daughters of officers and
faculty members of the university. Of
those elected, seven are candidates for
the Bachelor of Science degree, while
the others are working for the Bache
lor of Arts degree.
Women of U.C. won an intellectual
victory over the men students when
elections for Phi Beta Kappa, nation
al scholarship society, were recently
announced. Two-thirds of the success
ful candidates were women, three of
whom are daughters of officers and
faculty members of the university. Of
those elected, seven are candidates for
the Bachelor of Science degree, while
the others are working for the Bache
lor of Arts degree.
Women of U.C. won an intellectual
victory over the men students when
elections for Phi Beta Kappa, nation
al scholarship society, were recently
announced. Two-thirds of the success
ful candidates were women, three of
whom are daughters of officers and
faculty members of the university. Of
those elected, seven are candidates for
the Bachelor of Science degree, while
the others are working for the Bache
lor of Arts degree.
Women of U.C. won an intellectual
victory over the men students when
elections for Phi Beta Kappa, nation
al scholarship society, were recently
announced. Two-thirds of the success
ful candidates were women, three of
whom are daughters of officers and
faculty members of the university. Of
those elected, seven are candidates for
the Bachelor of Science degree, while
the others are working for the Bache
lor of Arts degree.
Women of U.C. won an intellectual
victory over the men students when
elections for Phi Beta Kappa, nation
al scholarship society, were recently
announced. Two-thirds of the success
ful candidates were women, three of
whom are daughters of officers and
faculty members of the university. Of
those elected, seven are candidates for
the Bachelor of Science degree, while
the others are working for the Bache
lor of Arts degree.
Women of U.C. won an intellectual
victory over the men students when
elections for Phi Beta Kappa, nation
al scholarship society, were recently
announced. Two-thirds of the success
ful candidates were women, three of
whom are daughters of officers and
faculty members of the university. Of
those elected, seven are candidates for
the Bachelor of Science degree, while
the others are working for the Bache
lor of Arts degree.
Women of U.C. won an intellectual
victory over the men students when
elections for Phi Beta Kappa, nation
al scholarship society, were recently
announced. Two-thirds of the success
ful candidates were women, three of
whom are daughters of officers and
faculty members of the university. Of
those elected, seven are candidates for
the Bachelor of Science degree, while
the others are working for the Bache
lor of Arts degree.
Women of U.C. won an intellectual
victory over the men students when
elections for Phi Beta Kappa, nation
al scholarship society, were recently
announced. Two-thirds of the success
ful candidates were women, three of
whom are daughters of officers and
faculty members of the university. Of
those elected, seven are candidates for
the Bachelor of Science degree, while
the others are working for the Bache
lor of Arts degree.
Women of U.C. won an intellectual
victory over the men students when
elections for Phi Beta Kappa, nation
al scholarship society, were recently
announced. Two-thirds of the success
ful candidates were women, three of
whom are daughters of officers and
faculty members of the university. Of
those elected, seven are candidates for
the Bachelor of Science degree, while
the others are working for the Bache
lor of Arts degree.
Women of U.C. won an intellectual
victory over the men students when
elections for Phi Beta Kappa, nation
al scholarship society, were recently
announced. Two-thirds of the success
ful candidates were women, three of
whom are daughters of officers and
faculty members of the university. Of
those elected, seven are candidates for
the Bachelor of Science degree, while
the others are working for the Bache
lor of Arts degree.
Women of U.C. won an intellectual
victory over the men students when
elections for Phi Beta Kappa, nation
al scholarship society, were recently
announced. Two-thirds of the success
ful candidates were women, three of
whom are daughters of officers and
faculty members of the university. Of
those elected, seven are candidates for
the Bachelor of Science degree, while
the others are working for the Bache
lor of Arts degree.
