# Tour of Europe on Scanty Capital Made by U.C. Men
## 
### 
"Doing" Europe on a capital of $150
each is the record recently made by
three former students at the Univer
sity of California. Leaving last May,
they traveled across the United States
in a Ford, camping along the way. In
New York, the trio signed on a
freighter for a round-trip to Europe.
During a six-dav shore leave, granted
when their ship docked at St. Nazaire,
they were able to see Paris and Brus
sels.
"Doing" Europe on a capital of $150
each is the record recently made by
three former students at the Univer
sity of California. Leaving last May,
they traveled across the United States
in a Ford, camping along the way. In
New York, the trio signed on a
freighter for a round-trip to Europe.
During a six-dav shore leave, granted
when their ship docked at St. Nazaire,
they were able to see Paris and Brus
sels.
"Doing" Europe on a capital of $150
each is the record recently made by
three former students at the Univer
sity of California. Leaving last May,
they traveled across the United States
in a Ford, camping along the way. In
New York, the trio signed on a
freighter for a round-trip to Europe.
During a six-dav shore leave, granted
when their ship docked at St. Nazaire,
they were able to see Paris and Brus
sels.
"Doing" Europe on a capital of $150
each is the record recently made by
three former students at the Univer
sity of California. Leaving last May,
they traveled across the United States
in a Ford, camping along the way. In
New York, the trio signed on a
freighter for a round-trip to Europe.
During a six-dav shore leave, granted
when their ship docked at St. Nazaire,
they were able to see Paris and Brus
sels.
"Doing" Europe on a capital of $150
each is the record recently made by
three former students at the Univer
sity of California. Leaving last May,
they traveled across the United States
in a Ford, camping along the way. In
New York, the trio signed on a
freighter for a round-trip to Europe.
During a six-dav shore leave, granted
when their ship docked at St. Nazaire,
they were able to see Paris and Brus
sels.
"Doing" Europe on a capital of $150
each is the record recently made by
three former students at the Univer
sity of California. Leaving last May,
they traveled across the United States
in a Ford, camping along the way. In
New York, the trio signed on a
freighter for a round-trip to Europe.
During a six-dav shore leave, granted
when their ship docked at St. Nazaire,
they were able to see Paris and Brus
sels.
"Doing" Europe on a capital of $150
each is the record recently made by
three former students at the Univer
sity of California. Leaving last May,
they traveled across the United States
in a Ford, camping along the way. In
New York, the trio signed on a
freighter for a round-trip to Europe.
During a six-dav shore leave, granted
when their ship docked at St. Nazaire,
they were able to see Paris and Brus
sels.
"Doing" Europe on a capital of $150
each is the record recently made by
three former students at the Univer
sity of California. Leaving last May,
they traveled across the United States
in a Ford, camping along the way. In
New York, the trio signed on a
freighter for a round-trip to Europe.
During a six-dav shore leave, granted
when their ship docked at St. Nazaire,
they were able to see Paris and Brus
sels.
"Doing" Europe on a capital of $150
each is the record recently made by
three former students at the Univer
sity of California. Leaving last May,
they traveled across the United States
in a Ford, camping along the way. In
New York, the trio signed on a
freighter for a round-trip to Europe.
During a six-dav shore leave, granted
when their ship docked at St. Nazaire,
they were able to see Paris and Brus
sels.
"Doing" Europe on a capital of $150
each is the record recently made by
three former students at the Univer
sity of California. Leaving last May,
they traveled across the United States
in a Ford, camping along the way. In
New York, the trio signed on a
freighter for a round-trip to Europe.
During a six-dav shore leave, granted
when their ship docked at St. Nazaire,
they were able to see Paris and Brus
sels.
"Doing" Europe on a capital of $150
each is the record recently made by
three former students at the Univer
sity of California. Leaving last May,
they traveled across the United States
in a Ford, camping along the way. In
New York, the trio signed on a
freighter for a round-trip to Europe.
During a six-dav shore leave, granted
when their ship docked at St. Nazaire,
they were able to see Paris and Brus
sels.
"Doing" Europe on a capital of $150
each is the record recently made by
three former students at the Univer
sity of California. Leaving last May,
they traveled across the United States
in a Ford, camping along the way. In
New York, the trio signed on a
freighter for a round-trip to Europe.
During a six-dav shore leave, granted
when their ship docked at St. Nazaire,
they were able to see Paris and Brus
sels.
"Doing" Europe on a capital of $150
each is the record recently made by
three former students at the Univer
sity of California. Leaving last May,
they traveled across the United States
in a Ford, camping along the way. In
New York, the trio signed on a
freighter for a round-trip to Europe.
During a six-dav shore leave, granted
when their ship docked at St. Nazaire,
they were able to see Paris and Brus
sels.
"Doing" Europe on a capital of $150
each is the record recently made by
three former students at the Univer
sity of California. Leaving last May,
they traveled across the United States
in a Ford, camping along the way. In
New York, the trio signed on a
freighter for a round-trip to Europe.
During a six-dav shore leave, granted
when their ship docked at St. Nazaire,
they were able to see Paris and Brus
sels.
"Doing" Europe on a capital of $150
each is the record recently made by
three former students at the Univer
sity of California. Leaving last May,
they traveled across the United States
in a Ford, camping along the way. In
New York, the trio signed on a
freighter for a round-trip to Europe.
During a six-dav shore leave, granted
when their ship docked at St. Nazaire,
they were able to see Paris and Brus
sels.
