# Untitled Article
## 
### 
"Bawl Outs" will be issued the
early part of the next week in
the Comptroller's Office which is
located upstairs in the west side
of the Administration building.
Fifteen cents per copy will be
charged.
"Bawl Outs" will be issued the
early part of the next week in
the Comptroller's Office which is
located upstairs in the west side
of the Administration building.
Fifteen cents per copy will be
charged.
"Bawl Outs" will be issued the
early part of the next week in
the Comptroller's Office which is
located upstairs in the west side
of the Administration building.
Fifteen cents per copy will be
charged.
"Bawl Outs" will be issued the
early part of the next week in
the Comptroller's Office which is
located upstairs in the west side
of the Administration building.
Fifteen cents per copy will be
charged.
"Bawl Outs" will be issued the
early part of the next week in
the Comptroller's Office which is
located upstairs in the west side
of the Administration building.
Fifteen cents per copy will be
charged.
"Bawl Outs" will be issued the
early part of the next week in
the Comptroller's Office which is
located upstairs in the west side
of the Administration building.
Fifteen cents per copy will be
charged.
"Bawl Outs" will be issued the
early part of the next week in
the Comptroller's Office which is
located upstairs in the west side
of the Administration building.
Fifteen cents per copy will be
charged.
"Bawl Outs" will be issued the
early part of the next week in
the Comptroller's Office which is
located upstairs in the west side
of the Administration building.
Fifteen cents per copy will be
charged.
"Bawl Outs" will be issued the
early part of the next week in
the Comptroller's Office which is
located upstairs in the west side
of the Administration building.
Fifteen cents per copy will be
charged.
"Bawl Outs" will be issued the
early part of the next week in
the Comptroller's Office which is
located upstairs in the west side
of the Administration building.
Fifteen cents per copy will be
charged.
"Bawl Outs" will be issued the
early part of the next week in
the Comptroller's Office which is
located upstairs in the west side
of the Administration building.
Fifteen cents per copy will be
charged.
"Bawl Outs" will be issued the
early part of the next week in
the Comptroller's Office which is
located upstairs in the west side
of the Administration building.
Fifteen cents per copy will be
charged.
"Bawl Outs" will be issued the
early part of the next week in
the Comptroller's Office which is
located upstairs in the west side
of the Administration building.
Fifteen cents per copy will be
charged.
"Bawl Outs" will be issued the
early part of the next week in
the Comptroller's Office which is
located upstairs in the west side
of the Administration building.
Fifteen cents per copy will be
charged.
"Bawl Outs" will be issued the
early part of the next week in
the Comptroller's Office which is
located upstairs in the west side
of the Administration building.
Fifteen cents per copy will be
charged.
