# Untitled Article
## 
### 
One-third of the total expenses of
the State of Kansas go to support the
state schools.
One-third of the total expenses of
the State of Kansas go to support the
state schools.
One-third of the total expenses of
the State of Kansas go to support the
state schools.
One-third of the total expenses of
the State of Kansas go to support the
state schools.
One-third of the total expenses of
the State of Kansas go to support the
state schools.
One-third of the total expenses of
the State of Kansas go to support the
state schools.
One-third of the total expenses of
the State of Kansas go to support the
state schools.
One-third of the total expenses of
the State of Kansas go to support the
state schools.
One-third of the total expenses of
the State of Kansas go to support the
state schools.
One-third of the total expenses of
the State of Kansas go to support the
state schools.
One-third of the total expenses of
the State of Kansas go to support the
state schools.
One-third of the total expenses of
the State of Kansas go to support the
state schools.
One-third of the total expenses of
the State of Kansas go to support the
state schools.
One-third of the total expenses of
the State of Kansas go to support the
state schools.
One-third of the total expenses of
the State of Kansas go to support the
state schools.
