# CARD FENCERS TAKE PART IN CITY MEET
## 
### 
Stanford was represented by three
fencers at an informal meet held by
the Pacific Coast Amateur Fencing
League at the Olympic Club Monday
evening. Sandretto, Monaco, and
Aguerrevera, working against five
man teams from the Olympic Club,
University of California, Athens Ath
letic Club, and other organizations,
piled up a total of forty-nine points,
which is considered by Coach Harry
Maloney to be an excellent showing.
The earliness of the season and the
late start of fencing at the University
prevented a larger delegation from
being sent The meet was very infor
mal, and the points secured were tal
lied for future reference. An informal
dual meet with the University of Cali
fornia will be held next week.
Stanford was represented by three
fencers at an informal meet held by
the Pacific Coast Amateur Fencing
League at the Olympic Club Monday
evening. Sandretto, Monaco, and
Aguerrevera, working against five
man teams from the Olympic Club,
University of California, Athens Ath
letic Club, and other organizations,
piled up a total of forty-nine points,
which is considered by Coach Harry
Maloney to be an excellent showing.
The earliness of the season and the
late start of fencing at the University
prevented a larger delegation from
being sent The meet was very infor
mal, and the points secured were tal
lied for future reference. An informal
dual meet with the University of Cali
fornia will be held next week.
Stanford was represented by three
fencers at an informal meet held by
the Pacific Coast Amateur Fencing
League at the Olympic Club Monday
evening. Sandretto, Monaco, and
Aguerrevera, working against five
man teams from the Olympic Club,
University of California, Athens Ath
letic Club, and other organizations,
piled up a total of forty-nine points,
which is considered by Coach Harry
Maloney to be an excellent showing.
The earliness of the season and the
late start of fencing at the University
prevented a larger delegation from
being sent The meet was very infor
mal, and the points secured were tal
lied for future reference. An informal
dual meet with the University of Cali
fornia will be held next week.
Stanford was represented by three
fencers at an informal meet held by
the Pacific Coast Amateur Fencing
League at the Olympic Club Monday
evening. Sandretto, Monaco, and
Aguerrevera, working against five
man teams from the Olympic Club,
University of California, Athens Ath
letic Club, and other organizations,
piled up a total of forty-nine points,
which is considered by Coach Harry
Maloney to be an excellent showing.
The earliness of the season and the
late start of fencing at the University
prevented a larger delegation from
being sent The meet was very infor
mal, and the points secured were tal
lied for future reference. An informal
dual meet with the University of Cali
fornia will be held next week.
Stanford was represented by three
fencers at an informal meet held by
the Pacific Coast Amateur Fencing
League at the Olympic Club Monday
evening. Sandretto, Monaco, and
Aguerrevera, working against five
man teams from the Olympic Club,
University of California, Athens Ath
letic Club, and other organizations,
piled up a total of forty-nine points,
which is considered by Coach Harry
Maloney to be an excellent showing.
The earliness of the season and the
late start of fencing at the University
prevented a larger delegation from
being sent The meet was very infor
mal, and the points secured were tal
lied for future reference. An informal
dual meet with the University of Cali
fornia will be held next week.
Stanford was represented by three
fencers at an informal meet held by
the Pacific Coast Amateur Fencing
League at the Olympic Club Monday
evening. Sandretto, Monaco, and
Aguerrevera, working against five
man teams from the Olympic Club,
University of California, Athens Ath
letic Club, and other organizations,
piled up a total of forty-nine points,
which is considered by Coach Harry
Maloney to be an excellent showing.
The earliness of the season and the
late start of fencing at the University
prevented a larger delegation from
being sent The meet was very infor
mal, and the points secured were tal
lied for future reference. An informal
dual meet with the University of Cali
fornia will be held next week.
Stanford was represented by three
fencers at an informal meet held by
the Pacific Coast Amateur Fencing
League at the Olympic Club Monday
evening. Sandretto, Monaco, and
Aguerrevera, working against five
man teams from the Olympic Club,
University of California, Athens Ath
letic Club, and other organizations,
piled up a total of forty-nine points,
which is considered by Coach Harry
Maloney to be an excellent showing.
The earliness of the season and the
late start of fencing at the University
prevented a larger delegation from
being sent The meet was very infor
mal, and the points secured were tal
lied for future reference. An informal
dual meet with the University of Cali
fornia will be held next week.
Stanford was represented by three
fencers at an informal meet held by
the Pacific Coast Amateur Fencing
League at the Olympic Club Monday
evening. Sandretto, Monaco, and
Aguerrevera, working against five
man teams from the Olympic Club,
University of California, Athens Ath
letic Club, and other organizations,
piled up a total of forty-nine points,
which is considered by Coach Harry
Maloney to be an excellent showing.
The earliness of the season and the
late start of fencing at the University
prevented a larger delegation from
being sent The meet was very infor
mal, and the points secured were tal
lied for future reference. An informal
dual meet with the University of Cali
fornia will be held next week.
Stanford was represented by three
fencers at an informal meet held by
the Pacific Coast Amateur Fencing
League at the Olympic Club Monday
evening. Sandretto, Monaco, and
Aguerrevera, working against five
man teams from the Olympic Club,
University of California, Athens Ath
letic Club, and other organizations,
piled up a total of forty-nine points,
which is considered by Coach Harry
Maloney to be an excellent showing.
The earliness of the season and the
late start of fencing at the University
prevented a larger delegation from
being sent The meet was very infor
mal, and the points secured were tal
lied for future reference. An informal
dual meet with the University of Cali
fornia will be held next week.
Stanford was represented by three
fencers at an informal meet held by
the Pacific Coast Amateur Fencing
League at the Olympic Club Monday
evening. Sandretto, Monaco, and
Aguerrevera, working against five
man teams from the Olympic Club,
University of California, Athens Ath
letic Club, and other organizations,
piled up a total of forty-nine points,
which is considered by Coach Harry
Maloney to be an excellent showing.
The earliness of the season and the
late start of fencing at the University
prevented a larger delegation from
being sent The meet was very infor
mal, and the points secured were tal
lied for future reference. An informal
dual meet with the University of Cali
fornia will be held next week.
Stanford was represented by three
fencers at an informal meet held by
the Pacific Coast Amateur Fencing
League at the Olympic Club Monday
evening. Sandretto, Monaco, and
Aguerrevera, working against five
man teams from the Olympic Club,
University of California, Athens Ath
letic Club, and other organizations,
piled up a total of forty-nine points,
which is considered by Coach Harry
Maloney to be an excellent showing.
The earliness of the season and the
late start of fencing at the University
prevented a larger delegation from
being sent The meet was very infor
mal, and the points secured were tal
lied for future reference. An informal
dual meet with the University of Cali
fornia will be held next week.
Stanford was represented by three
fencers at an informal meet held by
the Pacific Coast Amateur Fencing
League at the Olympic Club Monday
evening. Sandretto, Monaco, and
Aguerrevera, working against five
man teams from the Olympic Club,
University of California, Athens Ath
letic Club, and other organizations,
piled up a total of forty-nine points,
which is considered by Coach Harry
Maloney to be an excellent showing.
The earliness of the season and the
late start of fencing at the University
prevented a larger delegation from
being sent The meet was very infor
mal, and the points secured were tal
lied for future reference. An informal
dual meet with the University of Cali
fornia will be held next week.
Stanford was represented by three
fencers at an informal meet held by
the Pacific Coast Amateur Fencing
League at the Olympic Club Monday
evening. Sandretto, Monaco, and
Aguerrevera, working against five
man teams from the Olympic Club,
University of California, Athens Ath
letic Club, and other organizations,
piled up a total of forty-nine points,
which is considered by Coach Harry
Maloney to be an excellent showing.
The earliness of the season and the
late start of fencing at the University
prevented a larger delegation from
being sent The meet was very infor
mal, and the points secured were tal
lied for future reference. An informal
dual meet with the University of Cali
fornia will be held next week.
Stanford was represented by three
fencers at an informal meet held by
the Pacific Coast Amateur Fencing
League at the Olympic Club Monday
evening. Sandretto, Monaco, and
Aguerrevera, working against five
man teams from the Olympic Club,
University of California, Athens Ath
letic Club, and other organizations,
piled up a total of forty-nine points,
which is considered by Coach Harry
Maloney to be an excellent showing.
The earliness of the season and the
late start of fencing at the University
prevented a larger delegation from
being sent The meet was very infor
mal, and the points secured were tal
lied for future reference. An informal
dual meet with the University of Cali
fornia will be held next week.
