# BROADCASTING STATION IS BEING ERECTED AT W.S.C.
## 
### 
Two seventy-foot, steel self-support
ing aerials are being erected on top
of the Mechanic Arts Building at the
Washington State College for the 500-
watt broadcasting station, which will
be the largest university wireless in
the West. By adding a telegraph key
and attachment to make a continuous
wave-sending station, it will be equip
ped for wireless telegraphy.
Since the university was unable to
finance the wireless station when it
was proposed last spring, the Pullman
Kiwanis Club started a subscription
list among business men. The students
and faculty contributed largely, and
the Pullman Chamber of Commerce,
with the help of the alumni, obtained
sufficient funds to assure the success
of the project. The people of the state
will now nave the advantage of a
wireless service with information from
the various departments of instruc
tion and investigation of the uni
versity.
Two seventy-foot, steel self-support
ing aerials are being erected on top
of the Mechanic Arts Building at the
Washington State College for the 500-
watt broadcasting station, which will
be the largest university wireless in
the West. By adding a telegraph key
and attachment to make a continuous
wave-sending station, it will be equip
ped for wireless telegraphy.
Since the university was unable to
finance the wireless station when it
was proposed last spring, the Pullman
Kiwanis Club started a subscription
list among business men. The students
and faculty contributed largely, and
the Pullman Chamber of Commerce,
with the help of the alumni, obtained
sufficient funds to assure the success
of the project. The people of the state
will now nave the advantage of a
wireless service with information from
the various departments of instruc
tion and investigation of the uni
versity.
Two seventy-foot, steel self-support
ing aerials are being erected on top
of the Mechanic Arts Building at the
Washington State College for the 500-
watt broadcasting station, which will
be the largest university wireless in
the West. By adding a telegraph key
and attachment to make a continuous
wave-sending station, it will be equip
ped for wireless telegraphy.
Since the university was unable to
finance the wireless station when it
was proposed last spring, the Pullman
Kiwanis Club started a subscription
list among business men. The students
and faculty contributed largely, and
the Pullman Chamber of Commerce,
with the help of the alumni, obtained
sufficient funds to assure the success
of the project. The people of the state
will now nave the advantage of a
wireless service with information from
the various departments of instruc
tion and investigation of the uni
versity.
Two seventy-foot, steel self-support
ing aerials are being erected on top
of the Mechanic Arts Building at the
Washington State College for the 500-
watt broadcasting station, which will
be the largest university wireless in
the West. By adding a telegraph key
and attachment to make a continuous
wave-sending station, it will be equip
ped for wireless telegraphy.
Since the university was unable to
finance the wireless station when it
was proposed last spring, the Pullman
Kiwanis Club started a subscription
list among business men. The students
and faculty contributed largely, and
the Pullman Chamber of Commerce,
with the help of the alumni, obtained
sufficient funds to assure the success
of the project. The people of the state
will now nave the advantage of a
wireless service with information from
the various departments of instruc
tion and investigation of the uni
versity.
Two seventy-foot, steel self-support
ing aerials are being erected on top
of the Mechanic Arts Building at the
Washington State College for the 500-
watt broadcasting station, which will
be the largest university wireless in
the West. By adding a telegraph key
and attachment to make a continuous
wave-sending station, it will be equip
ped for wireless telegraphy.
Since the university was unable to
finance the wireless station when it
was proposed last spring, the Pullman
Kiwanis Club started a subscription
list among business men. The students
and faculty contributed largely, and
the Pullman Chamber of Commerce,
with the help of the alumni, obtained
sufficient funds to assure the success
of the project. The people of the state
will now nave the advantage of a
wireless service with information from
the various departments of instruc
tion and investigation of the uni
versity.
Two seventy-foot, steel self-support
ing aerials are being erected on top
of the Mechanic Arts Building at the
Washington State College for the 500-
watt broadcasting station, which will
be the largest university wireless in
the West. By adding a telegraph key
and attachment to make a continuous
wave-sending station, it will be equip
ped for wireless telegraphy.
Since the university was unable to
finance the wireless station when it
was proposed last spring, the Pullman
Kiwanis Club started a subscription
list among business men. The students
and faculty contributed largely, and
the Pullman Chamber of Commerce,
with the help of the alumni, obtained
sufficient funds to assure the success
of the project. The people of the state
will now nave the advantage of a
wireless service with information from
the various departments of instruc
tion and investigation of the uni
versity.
Two seventy-foot, steel self-support
ing aerials are being erected on top
of the Mechanic Arts Building at the
Washington State College for the 500-
watt broadcasting station, which will
be the largest university wireless in
the West. By adding a telegraph key
and attachment to make a continuous
wave-sending station, it will be equip
ped for wireless telegraphy.
Since the university was unable to
finance the wireless station when it
was proposed last spring, the Pullman
Kiwanis Club started a subscription
list among business men. The students
and faculty contributed largely, and
the Pullman Chamber of Commerce,
with the help of the alumni, obtained
sufficient funds to assure the success
of the project. The people of the state
will now nave the advantage of a
wireless service with information from
the various departments of instruc
tion and investigation of the uni
versity.
Two seventy-foot, steel self-support
ing aerials are being erected on top
of the Mechanic Arts Building at the
Washington State College for the 500-
watt broadcasting station, which will
be the largest university wireless in
the West. By adding a telegraph key
and attachment to make a continuous
wave-sending station, it will be equip
ped for wireless telegraphy.
Since the university was unable to
finance the wireless station when it
was proposed last spring, the Pullman
Kiwanis Club started a subscription
list among business men. The students
and faculty contributed largely, and
the Pullman Chamber of Commerce,
with the help of the alumni, obtained
sufficient funds to assure the success
of the project. The people of the state
will now nave the advantage of a
wireless service with information from
the various departments of instruc
tion and investigation of the uni
versity.
Two seventy-foot, steel self-support
ing aerials are being erected on top
of the Mechanic Arts Building at the
Washington State College for the 500-
watt broadcasting station, which will
be the largest university wireless in
the West. By adding a telegraph key
and attachment to make a continuous
wave-sending station, it will be equip
ped for wireless telegraphy.
Since the university was unable to
finance the wireless station when it
was proposed last spring, the Pullman
Kiwanis Club started a subscription
list among business men. The students
and faculty contributed largely, and
the Pullman Chamber of Commerce,
with the help of the alumni, obtained
sufficient funds to assure the success
of the project. The people of the state
will now nave the advantage of a
wireless service with information from
the various departments of instruc
tion and investigation of the uni
versity.
Two seventy-foot, steel self-support
ing aerials are being erected on top
of the Mechanic Arts Building at the
Washington State College for the 500-
watt broadcasting station, which will
be the largest university wireless in
the West. By adding a telegraph key
and attachment to make a continuous
wave-sending station, it will be equip
ped for wireless telegraphy.
Since the university was unable to
finance the wireless station when it
was proposed last spring, the Pullman
Kiwanis Club started a subscription
list among business men. The students
and faculty contributed largely, and
the Pullman Chamber of Commerce,
with the help of the alumni, obtained
sufficient funds to assure the success
of the project. The people of the state
will now nave the advantage of a
wireless service with information from
the various departments of instruc
tion and investigation of the uni
versity.
Two seventy-foot, steel self-support
ing aerials are being erected on top
of the Mechanic Arts Building at the
Washington State College for the 500-
watt broadcasting station, which will
be the largest university wireless in
the West. By adding a telegraph key
and attachment to make a continuous
wave-sending station, it will be equip
ped for wireless telegraphy.
Since the university was unable to
finance the wireless station when it
was proposed last spring, the Pullman
Kiwanis Club started a subscription
list among business men. The students
and faculty contributed largely, and
the Pullman Chamber of Commerce,
with the help of the alumni, obtained
sufficient funds to assure the success
of the project. The people of the state
will now nave the advantage of a
wireless service with information from
the various departments of instruc
tion and investigation of the uni
versity.
Two seventy-foot, steel self-support
ing aerials are being erected on top
of the Mechanic Arts Building at the
Washington State College for the 500-
watt broadcasting station, which will
be the largest university wireless in
the West. By adding a telegraph key
and attachment to make a continuous
wave-sending station, it will be equip
ped for wireless telegraphy.
Since the university was unable to
finance the wireless station when it
was proposed last spring, the Pullman
Kiwanis Club started a subscription
list among business men. The students
and faculty contributed largely, and
the Pullman Chamber of Commerce,
with the help of the alumni, obtained
sufficient funds to assure the success
of the project. The people of the state
will now nave the advantage of a
wireless service with information from
the various departments of instruc
tion and investigation of the uni
versity.
Two seventy-foot, steel self-support
ing aerials are being erected on top
of the Mechanic Arts Building at the
Washington State College for the 500-
watt broadcasting station, which will
be the largest university wireless in
the West. By adding a telegraph key
and attachment to make a continuous
wave-sending station, it will be equip
ped for wireless telegraphy.
Since the university was unable to
finance the wireless station when it
was proposed last spring, the Pullman
Kiwanis Club started a subscription
list among business men. The students
and faculty contributed largely, and
the Pullman Chamber of Commerce,
with the help of the alumni, obtained
sufficient funds to assure the success
of the project. The people of the state
will now nave the advantage of a
wireless service with information from
the various departments of instruc
tion and investigation of the uni
versity.
Two seventy-foot, steel self-support
ing aerials are being erected on top
of the Mechanic Arts Building at the
Washington State College for the 500-
watt broadcasting station, which will
be the largest university wireless in
the West. By adding a telegraph key
and attachment to make a continuous
wave-sending station, it will be equip
ped for wireless telegraphy.
Since the university was unable to
finance the wireless station when it
was proposed last spring, the Pullman
Kiwanis Club started a subscription
list among business men. The students
and faculty contributed largely, and
the Pullman Chamber of Commerce,
with the help of the alumni, obtained
sufficient funds to assure the success
of the project. The people of the state
will now nave the advantage of a
wireless service with information from
the various departments of instruc
tion and investigation of the uni
versity.
