# Turn focus to local judicial elections
## 
### 
Stanford students voting in the Cali
fornia primary June 7 will be inter
ested mainly in the presidential, sena
torial and congressional contests.
I urge my fellow students, however,
not to overlook a very important local
race in Santa Clara County. Two can
didates, Judge LaDoris Cordell and
Deputy District Attorney Mike
Popolizio, are running in the nonpar
tisan election for Superior Court
Judge.
A Stanford Law graduate, former
Asst. Dean of Stanford Law School and
currently municipal judge, LaDoris
Cordell has developed an impressive
record which overwhelmingly qualifies
her for the Superior Court.
Unfortunately, as a black woman
seeking election in a broad and diverse
constituency like Santa Clara County,

Judge Cordell has been subjected to an
openly political campaign of cheap
shots and buzzwords by her opponent,
Popolizio, who styles himself as "tough
on crime" and accuses Judge Cordell of
following a "Jerry Brown-Rose Bird"
philosophy of "judicial activism."
Instead of overheated political rheto
ric and name-calling, Judge Cordell is
campaigning on a basis which should
appeal to voters across the political
spectrum who want professionalism,
integrity and intelligence on the Supe
rior Court bench.
Judge Cordell has not only been
tough on crime where necessary, but
has received national attention for
pioneering creative new methods for
attacking the problem of drunk driving
by making convicted drunk drivers
install breath devices in their cars.
It is clearly Popolizio who is going
into this campaign with a political
agenda. Judge Cordell has not felt the
need to engage in personal attacks or

comment on her opponent. Her record
speaks for itself.
Bryan Wildenthal
Second-year law student
Stanford students voting in the Cali
fornia primary June 7 will be inter
ested mainly in the presidential, sena
torial and congressional contests.
I urge my fellow students, however,
not to overlook a very important local
race in Santa Clara County. Two can
didates, Judge LaDoris Cordell and
Deputy District Attorney Mike
Popolizio, are running in the nonpar
tisan election for Superior Court
Judge.
A Stanford Law graduate, former
Asst. Dean of Stanford Law School and
currently municipal judge, LaDoris
Cordell has developed an impressive
record which overwhelmingly qualifies
her for the Superior Court.
Unfortunately, as a black woman
seeking election in a broad and diverse
constituency like Santa Clara County,

Judge Cordell has been subjected to an
openly political campaign of cheap
shots and buzzwords by her opponent,
Popolizio, who styles himself as "tough
on crime" and accuses Judge Cordell of
following a "Jerry Brown-Rose Bird"
philosophy of "judicial activism."
Instead of overheated political rheto
ric and name-calling, Judge Cordell is
campaigning on a basis which should
appeal to voters across the political
spectrum who want professionalism,
integrity and intelligence on the Supe
rior Court bench.
Judge Cordell has not only been
tough on crime where necessary, but
has received national attention for
pioneering creative new methods for
attacking the problem of drunk driving
by making convicted drunk drivers
install breath devices in their cars.
It is clearly Popolizio who is going
into this campaign with a political
agenda. Judge Cordell has not felt the
need to engage in personal attacks or

comment on her opponent. Her record
speaks for itself.
Bryan Wildenthal
Second-year law student
Stanford students voting in the Cali
fornia primary June 7 will be inter
ested mainly in the presidential, sena
torial and congressional contests.
I urge my fellow students, however,
not to overlook a very important local
race in Santa Clara County. Two can
didates, Judge LaDoris Cordell and
Deputy District Attorney Mike
Popolizio, are running in the nonpar
tisan election for Superior Court
Judge.
A Stanford Law graduate, former
Asst. Dean of Stanford Law School and
currently municipal judge, LaDoris
Cordell has developed an impressive
record which overwhelmingly qualifies
her for the Superior Court.
Unfortunately, as a black woman
seeking election in a broad and diverse
constituency like Santa Clara County,

Judge Cordell has been subjected to an
openly political campaign of cheap
shots and buzzwords by her opponent,
Popolizio, who styles himself as "tough
on crime" and accuses Judge Cordell of
following a "Jerry Brown-Rose Bird"
philosophy of "judicial activism."
Instead of overheated political rheto
ric and name-calling, Judge Cordell is
campaigning on a basis which should
appeal to voters across the political
spectrum who want professionalism,
integrity and intelligence on the Supe
rior Court bench.
Judge Cordell has not only been
tough on crime where necessary, but
has received national attention for
pioneering creative new methods for
attacking the problem of drunk driving
by making convicted drunk drivers
install breath devices in their cars.
It is clearly Popolizio who is going
into this campaign with a political
agenda. Judge Cordell has not felt the
need to engage in personal attacks or

comment on her opponent. Her record
speaks for itself.
Bryan Wildenthal
Second-year law student
Stanford students voting in the Cali
fornia primary June 7 will be inter
ested mainly in the presidential, sena
torial and congressional contests.
I urge my fellow students, however,
not to overlook a very important local
race in Santa Clara County. Two can
didates, Judge LaDoris Cordell and
Deputy District Attorney Mike
Popolizio, are running in the nonpar
tisan election for Superior Court
Judge.
A Stanford Law graduate, former
Asst. Dean of Stanford Law School and
currently municipal judge, LaDoris
Cordell has developed an impressive
record which overwhelmingly qualifies
her for the Superior Court.
Unfortunately, as a black woman
seeking election in a broad and diverse
constituency like Santa Clara County,

Judge Cordell has been subjected to an
openly political campaign of cheap
shots and buzzwords by her opponent,
Popolizio, who styles himself as "tough
on crime" and accuses Judge Cordell of
following a "Jerry Brown-Rose Bird"
philosophy of "judicial activism."
Instead of overheated political rheto
ric and name-calling, Judge Cordell is
campaigning on a basis which should
appeal to voters across the political
spectrum who want professionalism,
integrity and intelligence on the Supe
rior Court bench.
Judge Cordell has not only been
tough on crime where necessary, but
has received national attention for
pioneering creative new methods for
attacking the problem of drunk driving
by making convicted drunk drivers
install breath devices in their cars.
It is clearly Popolizio who is going
into this campaign with a political
agenda. Judge Cordell has not felt the
need to engage in personal attacks or

comment on her opponent. Her record
speaks for itself.
Bryan Wildenthal
Second-year law student
Stanford students voting in the Cali
fornia primary June 7 will be inter
ested mainly in the presidential, sena
torial and congressional contests.
I urge my fellow students, however,
not to overlook a very important local
race in Santa Clara County. Two can
didates, Judge LaDoris Cordell and
Deputy District Attorney Mike
Popolizio, are running in the nonpar
tisan election for Superior Court
Judge.
A Stanford Law graduate, former
Asst. Dean of Stanford Law School and
currently municipal judge, LaDoris
Cordell has developed an impressive
record which overwhelmingly qualifies
her for the Superior Court.
Unfortunately, as a black woman
seeking election in a broad and diverse
constituency like Santa Clara County,

Judge Cordell has been subjected to an
openly political campaign of cheap
shots and buzzwords by her opponent,
Popolizio, who styles himself as "tough
on crime" and accuses Judge Cordell of
following a "Jerry Brown-Rose Bird"
philosophy of "judicial activism."
Instead of overheated political rheto
ric and name-calling, Judge Cordell is
campaigning on a basis which should
appeal to voters across the political
spectrum who want professionalism,
integrity and intelligence on the Supe
rior Court bench.
Judge Cordell has not only been
tough on crime where necessary, but
has received national attention for
pioneering creative new methods for
attacking the problem of drunk driving
by making convicted drunk drivers
install breath devices in their cars.
It is clearly Popolizio who is going
into this campaign with a political
agenda. Judge Cordell has not felt the
need to engage in personal attacks or

comment on her opponent. Her record
speaks for itself.
Bryan Wildenthal
Second-year law student
Stanford students voting in the Cali
fornia primary June 7 will be inter
ested mainly in the presidential, sena
torial and congressional contests.
I urge my fellow students, however,
not to overlook a very important local
race in Santa Clara County. Two can
didates, Judge LaDoris Cordell and
Deputy District Attorney Mike
Popolizio, are running in the nonpar
tisan election for Superior Court
Judge.
A Stanford Law graduate, former
Asst. Dean of Stanford Law School and
currently municipal judge, LaDoris
Cordell has developed an impressive
record which overwhelmingly qualifies
her for the Superior Court.
Unfortunately, as a black woman
seeking election in a broad and diverse
constituency like Santa Clara County,

Judge Cordell has been subjected to an
openly political campaign of cheap
shots and buzzwords by her opponent,
Popolizio, who styles himself as "tough
on crime" and accuses Judge Cordell of
following a "Jerry Brown-Rose Bird"
philosophy of "judicial activism."
Instead of overheated political rheto
ric and name-calling, Judge Cordell is
campaigning on a basis which should
appeal to voters across the political
spectrum who want professionalism,
integrity and intelligence on the Supe
rior Court bench.
Judge Cordell has not only been
tough on crime where necessary, but
has received national attention for
pioneering creative new methods for
attacking the problem of drunk driving
by making convicted drunk drivers
install breath devices in their cars.
It is clearly Popolizio who is going
into this campaign with a political
agenda. Judge Cordell has not felt the
need to engage in personal attacks or

comment on her opponent. Her record
speaks for itself.
Bryan Wildenthal
Second-year law student
Stanford students voting in the Cali
fornia primary June 7 will be inter
ested mainly in the presidential, sena
torial and congressional contests.
I urge my fellow students, however,
not to overlook a very important local
race in Santa Clara County. Two can
didates, Judge LaDoris Cordell and
Deputy District Attorney Mike
Popolizio, are running in the nonpar
tisan election for Superior Court
Judge.
A Stanford Law graduate, former
Asst. Dean of Stanford Law School and
currently municipal judge, LaDoris
Cordell has developed an impressive
record which overwhelmingly qualifies
her for the Superior Court.
Unfortunately, as a black woman
seeking election in a broad and diverse
constituency like Santa Clara County,

Judge Cordell has been subjected to an
openly political campaign of cheap
shots and buzzwords by her opponent,
Popolizio, who styles himself as "tough
on crime" and accuses Judge Cordell of
following a "Jerry Brown-Rose Bird"
philosophy of "judicial activism."
Instead of overheated political rheto
ric and name-calling, Judge Cordell is
campaigning on a basis which should
appeal to voters across the political
spectrum who want professionalism,
integrity and intelligence on the Supe
rior Court bench.
Judge Cordell has not only been
tough on crime where necessary, but
has received national attention for
pioneering creative new methods for
attacking the problem of drunk driving
by making convicted drunk drivers
install breath devices in their cars.
It is clearly Popolizio who is going
into this campaign with a political
agenda. Judge Cordell has not felt the
need to engage in personal attacks or

comment on her opponent. Her record
speaks for itself.
Bryan Wildenthal
Second-year law student
