# Adv. 16 Page 4
## 
### 
VANITY FAIR
BEAUTY SHOPPE
Specializing in all lines of
beauty culture, announces
SPECIAL—MONDAY,
TUESDAY, AND
WEDNESDAY
Shampoo
and
Finger-Wave
$1.00
•
5311 Rrvniit St.
Phones 311(5-3117
VANITY FAIR
BEAUTY SHOPPE
Specializing in all lines of
beauty culture, announces
SPECIAL—MONDAY,
TUESDAY, AND
WEDNESDAY
Shampoo
and
Finger-Wave
$1.00
•
5311 Rrvniit St.
Phones 311(5-3117
VANITY FAIR
BEAUTY SHOPPE
Specializing in all lines of
beauty culture, announces
SPECIAL—MONDAY,
TUESDAY, AND
WEDNESDAY
Shampoo
and
Finger-Wave
$1.00
•
5311 Rrvniit St.
Phones 311(5-3117
VANITY FAIR
BEAUTY SHOPPE
Specializing in all lines of
beauty culture, announces
SPECIAL—MONDAY,
TUESDAY, AND
WEDNESDAY
Shampoo
and
Finger-Wave
$1.00
•
5311 Rrvniit St.
Phones 311(5-3117
VANITY FAIR
BEAUTY SHOPPE
Specializing in all lines of
beauty culture, announces
SPECIAL—MONDAY,
TUESDAY, AND
WEDNESDAY
Shampoo
and
Finger-Wave
$1.00
•
5311 Rrvniit St.
Phones 311(5-3117
VANITY FAIR
BEAUTY SHOPPE
Specializing in all lines of
beauty culture, announces
SPECIAL—MONDAY,
TUESDAY, AND
WEDNESDAY
Shampoo
and
Finger-Wave
$1.00
•
5311 Rrvniit St.
Phones 311(5-3117
VANITY FAIR
BEAUTY SHOPPE
Specializing in all lines of
beauty culture, announces
SPECIAL—MONDAY,
TUESDAY, AND
WEDNESDAY
Shampoo
and
Finger-Wave
$1.00
•
5311 Rrvniit St.
Phones 311(5-3117
VANITY FAIR
BEAUTY SHOPPE
Specializing in all lines of
beauty culture, announces
SPECIAL—MONDAY,
TUESDAY, AND
WEDNESDAY
Shampoo
and
Finger-Wave
$1.00
•
5311 Rrvniit St.
Phones 311(5-3117
VANITY FAIR
BEAUTY SHOPPE
Specializing in all lines of
beauty culture, announces
SPECIAL—MONDAY,
TUESDAY, AND
WEDNESDAY
Shampoo
and
Finger-Wave
$1.00
•
5311 Rrvniit St.
Phones 311(5-3117
VANITY FAIR
BEAUTY SHOPPE
Specializing in all lines of
beauty culture, announces
SPECIAL—MONDAY,
TUESDAY, AND
WEDNESDAY
Shampoo
and
Finger-Wave
$1.00
•
5311 Rrvniit St.
Phones 311(5-3117
VANITY FAIR
BEAUTY SHOPPE
Specializing in all lines of
beauty culture, announces
SPECIAL—MONDAY,
TUESDAY, AND
WEDNESDAY
Shampoo
and
Finger-Wave
$1.00
•
5311 Rrvniit St.
Phones 311(5-3117
VANITY FAIR
BEAUTY SHOPPE
Specializing in all lines of
beauty culture, announces
SPECIAL—MONDAY,
TUESDAY, AND
WEDNESDAY
Shampoo
and
Finger-Wave
$1.00
•
5311 Rrvniit St.
Phones 311(5-3117
VANITY FAIR
BEAUTY SHOPPE
Specializing in all lines of
beauty culture, announces
SPECIAL—MONDAY,
TUESDAY, AND
WEDNESDAY
Shampoo
and
Finger-Wave
$1.00
•
5311 Rrvniit St.
Phones 311(5-3117
VANITY FAIR
BEAUTY SHOPPE
Specializing in all lines of
beauty culture, announces
SPECIAL—MONDAY,
TUESDAY, AND
WEDNESDAY
Shampoo
and
Finger-Wave
$1.00
•
5311 Rrvniit St.
Phones 311(5-3117
VANITY FAIR
BEAUTY SHOPPE
Specializing in all lines of
beauty culture, announces
SPECIAL—MONDAY,
TUESDAY, AND
WEDNESDAY
Shampoo
and
Finger-Wave
$1.00
•
5311 Rrvniit St.
Phones 311(5-3117
VANITY FAIR
BEAUTY SHOPPE
Specializing in all lines of
beauty culture, announces
SPECIAL—MONDAY,
TUESDAY, AND
WEDNESDAY
Shampoo
and
Finger-Wave
$1.00
•
5311 Rrvniit St.
Phones 311(5-3117
