# FRATERNITY CO-OP ISSUES VOLUME ON GARBAGE MONOPOLY
## 
### 
"Proper Distribution of Garbage
unci Other Waste Materials" is the
subject of a new book just off the
University Press, compiled jointly
by the powers of the Fraternity
Co-op.
Herman Horrowitz last night ex
plained to the press his chapter on
"Price Advantages to Co-op Pa
trons," after three Frat Club house
manager: had been put in straight
jackets immediately following their
perusal of the chapter.
"Price is the thing," Horrowitz
explained, and went on to prove it
by comparing rates listed by the
Co-op with those of independent
merchants. .
The comparison was as follows:
Pretzels, co-op doesn't handle; in
dependents, all you can carry away
in an Austin, three stone. Swill: 60
cents per pound in the bulk at the
co-op; unavailable from independ
ents. Other fraternity foods, co-op
monopoly.
Whang Woo, Chinese specialist,
claims that a laughing hyena
chained before Roble would shortly
die of hysterics.
"Proper Distribution of Garbage
unci Other Waste Materials" is the
subject of a new book just off the
University Press, compiled jointly
by the powers of the Fraternity
Co-op.
Herman Horrowitz last night ex
plained to the press his chapter on
"Price Advantages to Co-op Pa
trons," after three Frat Club house
manager: had been put in straight
jackets immediately following their
perusal of the chapter.
"Price is the thing," Horrowitz
explained, and went on to prove it
by comparing rates listed by the
Co-op with those of independent
merchants. .
The comparison was as follows:
Pretzels, co-op doesn't handle; in
dependents, all you can carry away
in an Austin, three stone. Swill: 60
cents per pound in the bulk at the
co-op; unavailable from independ
ents. Other fraternity foods, co-op
monopoly.
Whang Woo, Chinese specialist,
claims that a laughing hyena
chained before Roble would shortly
die of hysterics.
"Proper Distribution of Garbage
unci Other Waste Materials" is the
subject of a new book just off the
University Press, compiled jointly
by the powers of the Fraternity
Co-op.
Herman Horrowitz last night ex
plained to the press his chapter on
"Price Advantages to Co-op Pa
trons," after three Frat Club house
manager: had been put in straight
jackets immediately following their
perusal of the chapter.
"Price is the thing," Horrowitz
explained, and went on to prove it
by comparing rates listed by the
Co-op with those of independent
merchants. .
The comparison was as follows:
Pretzels, co-op doesn't handle; in
dependents, all you can carry away
in an Austin, three stone. Swill: 60
cents per pound in the bulk at the
co-op; unavailable from independ
ents. Other fraternity foods, co-op
monopoly.
Whang Woo, Chinese specialist,
claims that a laughing hyena
chained before Roble would shortly
die of hysterics.
"Proper Distribution of Garbage
unci Other Waste Materials" is the
subject of a new book just off the
University Press, compiled jointly
by the powers of the Fraternity
Co-op.
Herman Horrowitz last night ex
plained to the press his chapter on
"Price Advantages to Co-op Pa
trons," after three Frat Club house
manager: had been put in straight
jackets immediately following their
perusal of the chapter.
"Price is the thing," Horrowitz
explained, and went on to prove it
by comparing rates listed by the
Co-op with those of independent
merchants. .
The comparison was as follows:
Pretzels, co-op doesn't handle; in
dependents, all you can carry away
in an Austin, three stone. Swill: 60
cents per pound in the bulk at the
co-op; unavailable from independ
ents. Other fraternity foods, co-op
monopoly.
Whang Woo, Chinese specialist,
claims that a laughing hyena
chained before Roble would shortly
die of hysterics.
"Proper Distribution of Garbage
unci Other Waste Materials" is the
subject of a new book just off the
University Press, compiled jointly
by the powers of the Fraternity
Co-op.
Herman Horrowitz last night ex
plained to the press his chapter on
"Price Advantages to Co-op Pa
trons," after three Frat Club house
manager: had been put in straight
jackets immediately following their
perusal of the chapter.
"Price is the thing," Horrowitz
explained, and went on to prove it
by comparing rates listed by the
Co-op with those of independent
merchants. .
The comparison was as follows:
Pretzels, co-op doesn't handle; in
dependents, all you can carry away
in an Austin, three stone. Swill: 60
cents per pound in the bulk at the
co-op; unavailable from independ
ents. Other fraternity foods, co-op
monopoly.
Whang Woo, Chinese specialist,
claims that a laughing hyena
chained before Roble would shortly
die of hysterics.
"Proper Distribution of Garbage
unci Other Waste Materials" is the
subject of a new book just off the
University Press, compiled jointly
by the powers of the Fraternity
Co-op.
Herman Horrowitz last night ex
plained to the press his chapter on
"Price Advantages to Co-op Pa
trons," after three Frat Club house
manager: had been put in straight
jackets immediately following their
perusal of the chapter.
"Price is the thing," Horrowitz
explained, and went on to prove it
by comparing rates listed by the
Co-op with those of independent
merchants. .
The comparison was as follows:
Pretzels, co-op doesn't handle; in
dependents, all you can carry away
in an Austin, three stone. Swill: 60
cents per pound in the bulk at the
co-op; unavailable from independ
ents. Other fraternity foods, co-op
monopoly.
Whang Woo, Chinese specialist,
claims that a laughing hyena
chained before Roble would shortly
die of hysterics.
"Proper Distribution of Garbage
unci Other Waste Materials" is the
subject of a new book just off the
University Press, compiled jointly
by the powers of the Fraternity
Co-op.
Herman Horrowitz last night ex
plained to the press his chapter on
"Price Advantages to Co-op Pa
trons," after three Frat Club house
manager: had been put in straight
jackets immediately following their
perusal of the chapter.
"Price is the thing," Horrowitz
explained, and went on to prove it
by comparing rates listed by the
Co-op with those of independent
merchants. .
The comparison was as follows:
Pretzels, co-op doesn't handle; in
dependents, all you can carry away
in an Austin, three stone. Swill: 60
cents per pound in the bulk at the
co-op; unavailable from independ
ents. Other fraternity foods, co-op
monopoly.
Whang Woo, Chinese specialist,
claims that a laughing hyena
chained before Roble would shortly
die of hysterics.
"Proper Distribution of Garbage
unci Other Waste Materials" is the
subject of a new book just off the
University Press, compiled jointly
by the powers of the Fraternity
Co-op.
Herman Horrowitz last night ex
plained to the press his chapter on
"Price Advantages to Co-op Pa
trons," after three Frat Club house
manager: had been put in straight
jackets immediately following their
perusal of the chapter.
"Price is the thing," Horrowitz
explained, and went on to prove it
by comparing rates listed by the
Co-op with those of independent
merchants. .
The comparison was as follows:
Pretzels, co-op doesn't handle; in
dependents, all you can carry away
in an Austin, three stone. Swill: 60
cents per pound in the bulk at the
co-op; unavailable from independ
ents. Other fraternity foods, co-op
monopoly.
Whang Woo, Chinese specialist,
claims that a laughing hyena
chained before Roble would shortly
die of hysterics.
"Proper Distribution of Garbage
unci Other Waste Materials" is the
subject of a new book just off the
University Press, compiled jointly
by the powers of the Fraternity
Co-op.
Herman Horrowitz last night ex
plained to the press his chapter on
"Price Advantages to Co-op Pa
trons," after three Frat Club house
manager: had been put in straight
jackets immediately following their
perusal of the chapter.
"Price is the thing," Horrowitz
explained, and went on to prove it
by comparing rates listed by the
Co-op with those of independent
merchants. .
The comparison was as follows:
Pretzels, co-op doesn't handle; in
dependents, all you can carry away
in an Austin, three stone. Swill: 60
cents per pound in the bulk at the
co-op; unavailable from independ
ents. Other fraternity foods, co-op
monopoly.
Whang Woo, Chinese specialist,
claims that a laughing hyena
chained before Roble would shortly
die of hysterics.
"Proper Distribution of Garbage
unci Other Waste Materials" is the
subject of a new book just off the
University Press, compiled jointly
by the powers of the Fraternity
Co-op.
Herman Horrowitz last night ex
plained to the press his chapter on
"Price Advantages to Co-op Pa
trons," after three Frat Club house
manager: had been put in straight
jackets immediately following their
perusal of the chapter.
"Price is the thing," Horrowitz
explained, and went on to prove it
by comparing rates listed by the
Co-op with those of independent
merchants. .
The comparison was as follows:
Pretzels, co-op doesn't handle; in
dependents, all you can carry away
in an Austin, three stone. Swill: 60
cents per pound in the bulk at the
co-op; unavailable from independ
ents. Other fraternity foods, co-op
monopoly.
Whang Woo, Chinese specialist,
claims that a laughing hyena
chained before Roble would shortly
die of hysterics.
"Proper Distribution of Garbage
unci Other Waste Materials" is the
subject of a new book just off the
University Press, compiled jointly
by the powers of the Fraternity
Co-op.
Herman Horrowitz last night ex
plained to the press his chapter on
"Price Advantages to Co-op Pa
trons," after three Frat Club house
manager: had been put in straight
jackets immediately following their
perusal of the chapter.
"Price is the thing," Horrowitz
explained, and went on to prove it
by comparing rates listed by the
Co-op with those of independent
merchants. .
The comparison was as follows:
Pretzels, co-op doesn't handle; in
dependents, all you can carry away
in an Austin, three stone. Swill: 60
cents per pound in the bulk at the
co-op; unavailable from independ
ents. Other fraternity foods, co-op
monopoly.
Whang Woo, Chinese specialist,
claims that a laughing hyena
chained before Roble would shortly
die of hysterics.
"Proper Distribution of Garbage
unci Other Waste Materials" is the
subject of a new book just off the
University Press, compiled jointly
by the powers of the Fraternity
Co-op.
Herman Horrowitz last night ex
plained to the press his chapter on
"Price Advantages to Co-op Pa
trons," after three Frat Club house
manager: had been put in straight
jackets immediately following their
perusal of the chapter.
"Price is the thing," Horrowitz
explained, and went on to prove it
by comparing rates listed by the
Co-op with those of independent
merchants. .
The comparison was as follows:
Pretzels, co-op doesn't handle; in
dependents, all you can carry away
in an Austin, three stone. Swill: 60
cents per pound in the bulk at the
co-op; unavailable from independ
ents. Other fraternity foods, co-op
monopoly.
Whang Woo, Chinese specialist,
claims that a laughing hyena
chained before Roble would shortly
die of hysterics.
"Proper Distribution of Garbage
unci Other Waste Materials" is the
subject of a new book just off the
University Press, compiled jointly
by the powers of the Fraternity
Co-op.
Herman Horrowitz last night ex
plained to the press his chapter on
"Price Advantages to Co-op Pa
trons," after three Frat Club house
manager: had been put in straight
jackets immediately following their
perusal of the chapter.
"Price is the thing," Horrowitz
explained, and went on to prove it
by comparing rates listed by the
Co-op with those of independent
merchants. .
The comparison was as follows:
Pretzels, co-op doesn't handle; in
dependents, all you can carry away
in an Austin, three stone. Swill: 60
cents per pound in the bulk at the
co-op; unavailable from independ
ents. Other fraternity foods, co-op
monopoly.
Whang Woo, Chinese specialist,
claims that a laughing hyena
chained before Roble would shortly
die of hysterics.
"Proper Distribution of Garbage
unci Other Waste Materials" is the
subject of a new book just off the
University Press, compiled jointly
by the powers of the Fraternity
Co-op.
Herman Horrowitz last night ex
plained to the press his chapter on
"Price Advantages to Co-op Pa
trons," after three Frat Club house
manager: had been put in straight
jackets immediately following their
perusal of the chapter.
"Price is the thing," Horrowitz
explained, and went on to prove it
by comparing rates listed by the
Co-op with those of independent
merchants. .
The comparison was as follows:
Pretzels, co-op doesn't handle; in
dependents, all you can carry away
in an Austin, three stone. Swill: 60
cents per pound in the bulk at the
co-op; unavailable from independ
ents. Other fraternity foods, co-op
monopoly.
Whang Woo, Chinese specialist,
claims that a laughing hyena
chained before Roble would shortly
die of hysterics.
"Proper Distribution of Garbage
unci Other Waste Materials" is the
subject of a new book just off the
University Press, compiled jointly
by the powers of the Fraternity
Co-op.
Herman Horrowitz last night ex
plained to the press his chapter on
"Price Advantages to Co-op Pa
trons," after three Frat Club house
manager: had been put in straight
jackets immediately following their
perusal of the chapter.
"Price is the thing," Horrowitz
explained, and went on to prove it
by comparing rates listed by the
Co-op with those of independent
merchants. .
The comparison was as follows:
Pretzels, co-op doesn't handle; in
dependents, all you can carry away
in an Austin, three stone. Swill: 60
cents per pound in the bulk at the
co-op; unavailable from independ
ents. Other fraternity foods, co-op
monopoly.
Whang Woo, Chinese specialist,
claims that a laughing hyena
chained before Roble would shortly
die of hysterics.
"Proper Distribution of Garbage
unci Other Waste Materials" is the
subject of a new book just off the
University Press, compiled jointly
by the powers of the Fraternity
Co-op.
Herman Horrowitz last night ex
plained to the press his chapter on
"Price Advantages to Co-op Pa
trons," after three Frat Club house
manager: had been put in straight
jackets immediately following their
perusal of the chapter.
"Price is the thing," Horrowitz
explained, and went on to prove it
by comparing rates listed by the
Co-op with those of independent
merchants. .
The comparison was as follows:
Pretzels, co-op doesn't handle; in
dependents, all you can carry away
in an Austin, three stone. Swill: 60
cents per pound in the bulk at the
co-op; unavailable from independ
ents. Other fraternity foods, co-op
monopoly.
Whang Woo, Chinese specialist,
claims that a laughing hyena
chained before Roble would shortly
die of hysterics.
