# Scenes and Persons in the Current News
## 
### 

I—View1 —View of the marathon race nt the Olympic games In Los Angeles, which was won by Zaliala of Argentina in
record time. 2—Diplomatic representatives of the nations of Central and South America assembled in Washington
considering the Isolivia-Paraguay quarrel. !» —Jotra Yamamoto, prominent Japanese business man and former presi
dent of the South Manchurian railway, who, it is reported, will succeed Katsuji Dobuchl us ambassador to the Unit
ed States.

I—View1 —View of the marathon race nt the Olympic games In Los Angeles, which was won by Zaliala of Argentina in
record time. 2—Diplomatic representatives of the nations of Central and South America assembled in Washington
considering the Isolivia-Paraguay quarrel. !» —Jotra Yamamoto, prominent Japanese business man and former presi
dent of the South Manchurian railway, who, it is reported, will succeed Katsuji Dobuchl us ambassador to the Unit
ed States.

I—View1 —View of the marathon race nt the Olympic games In Los Angeles, which was won by Zaliala of Argentina in
record time. 2—Diplomatic representatives of the nations of Central and South America assembled in Washington
considering the Isolivia-Paraguay quarrel. !» —Jotra Yamamoto, prominent Japanese business man and former presi
dent of the South Manchurian railway, who, it is reported, will succeed Katsuji Dobuchl us ambassador to the Unit
ed States.

I—View1 —View of the marathon race nt the Olympic games In Los Angeles, which was won by Zaliala of Argentina in
record time. 2—Diplomatic representatives of the nations of Central and South America assembled in Washington
considering the Isolivia-Paraguay quarrel. !» —Jotra Yamamoto, prominent Japanese business man and former presi
dent of the South Manchurian railway, who, it is reported, will succeed Katsuji Dobuchl us ambassador to the Unit
ed States.

I—View1 —View of the marathon race nt the Olympic games In Los Angeles, which was won by Zaliala of Argentina in
record time. 2—Diplomatic representatives of the nations of Central and South America assembled in Washington
considering the Isolivia-Paraguay quarrel. !» —Jotra Yamamoto, prominent Japanese business man and former presi
dent of the South Manchurian railway, who, it is reported, will succeed Katsuji Dobuchl us ambassador to the Unit
ed States.

I—View1 —View of the marathon race nt the Olympic games In Los Angeles, which was won by Zaliala of Argentina in
record time. 2—Diplomatic representatives of the nations of Central and South America assembled in Washington
considering the Isolivia-Paraguay quarrel. !» —Jotra Yamamoto, prominent Japanese business man and former presi
dent of the South Manchurian railway, who, it is reported, will succeed Katsuji Dobuchl us ambassador to the Unit
ed States.

I—View1 —View of the marathon race nt the Olympic games In Los Angeles, which was won by Zaliala of Argentina in
record time. 2—Diplomatic representatives of the nations of Central and South America assembled in Washington
considering the Isolivia-Paraguay quarrel. !» —Jotra Yamamoto, prominent Japanese business man and former presi
dent of the South Manchurian railway, who, it is reported, will succeed Katsuji Dobuchl us ambassador to the Unit
ed States.

I—View1 —View of the marathon race nt the Olympic games In Los Angeles, which was won by Zaliala of Argentina in
record time. 2—Diplomatic representatives of the nations of Central and South America assembled in Washington
considering the Isolivia-Paraguay quarrel. !» —Jotra Yamamoto, prominent Japanese business man and former presi
dent of the South Manchurian railway, who, it is reported, will succeed Katsuji Dobuchl us ambassador to the Unit
ed States.

I—View1 —View of the marathon race nt the Olympic games In Los Angeles, which was won by Zaliala of Argentina in
record time. 2—Diplomatic representatives of the nations of Central and South America assembled in Washington
considering the Isolivia-Paraguay quarrel. !» —Jotra Yamamoto, prominent Japanese business man and former presi
dent of the South Manchurian railway, who, it is reported, will succeed Katsuji Dobuchl us ambassador to the Unit
ed States.

I—View1 —View of the marathon race nt the Olympic games In Los Angeles, which was won by Zaliala of Argentina in
record time. 2—Diplomatic representatives of the nations of Central and South America assembled in Washington
considering the Isolivia-Paraguay quarrel. !» —Jotra Yamamoto, prominent Japanese business man and former presi
dent of the South Manchurian railway, who, it is reported, will succeed Katsuji Dobuchl us ambassador to the Unit
ed States.

I—View1 —View of the marathon race nt the Olympic games In Los Angeles, which was won by Zaliala of Argentina in
record time. 2—Diplomatic representatives of the nations of Central and South America assembled in Washington
considering the Isolivia-Paraguay quarrel. !» —Jotra Yamamoto, prominent Japanese business man and former presi
dent of the South Manchurian railway, who, it is reported, will succeed Katsuji Dobuchl us ambassador to the Unit
ed States.

I—View1 —View of the marathon race nt the Olympic games In Los Angeles, which was won by Zaliala of Argentina in
record time. 2—Diplomatic representatives of the nations of Central and South America assembled in Washington
considering the Isolivia-Paraguay quarrel. !» —Jotra Yamamoto, prominent Japanese business man and former presi
dent of the South Manchurian railway, who, it is reported, will succeed Katsuji Dobuchl us ambassador to the Unit
ed States.

I—View1 —View of the marathon race nt the Olympic games In Los Angeles, which was won by Zaliala of Argentina in
record time. 2—Diplomatic representatives of the nations of Central and South America assembled in Washington
considering the Isolivia-Paraguay quarrel. !» —Jotra Yamamoto, prominent Japanese business man and former presi
dent of the South Manchurian railway, who, it is reported, will succeed Katsuji Dobuchl us ambassador to the Unit
ed States.

I—View1 —View of the marathon race nt the Olympic games In Los Angeles, which was won by Zaliala of Argentina in
record time. 2—Diplomatic representatives of the nations of Central and South America assembled in Washington
considering the Isolivia-Paraguay quarrel. !» —Jotra Yamamoto, prominent Japanese business man and former presi
dent of the South Manchurian railway, who, it is reported, will succeed Katsuji Dobuchl us ambassador to the Unit
ed States.
