# ENGLISH ORATOR
## 
### 

C. I*. CJ. Smith, fifteen years old, a
pupil of the Windsor Country Hoys'
school, who was chosen from all of
England's school boys to represent his
country in the International oratori
cal contest in Washington.

C. I*. CJ. Smith, fifteen years old, a
pupil of the Windsor Country Hoys'
school, who was chosen from all of
England's school boys to represent his
country in the International oratori
cal contest in Washington.

C. I*. CJ. Smith, fifteen years old, a
pupil of the Windsor Country Hoys'
school, who was chosen from all of
England's school boys to represent his
country in the International oratori
cal contest in Washington.

C. I*. CJ. Smith, fifteen years old, a
pupil of the Windsor Country Hoys'
school, who was chosen from all of
England's school boys to represent his
country in the International oratori
cal contest in Washington.

C. I*. CJ. Smith, fifteen years old, a
pupil of the Windsor Country Hoys'
school, who was chosen from all of
England's school boys to represent his
country in the International oratori
cal contest in Washington.

C. I*. CJ. Smith, fifteen years old, a
pupil of the Windsor Country Hoys'
school, who was chosen from all of
England's school boys to represent his
country in the International oratori
cal contest in Washington.

C. I*. CJ. Smith, fifteen years old, a
pupil of the Windsor Country Hoys'
school, who was chosen from all of
England's school boys to represent his
country in the International oratori
cal contest in Washington.

C. I*. CJ. Smith, fifteen years old, a
pupil of the Windsor Country Hoys'
school, who was chosen from all of
England's school boys to represent his
country in the International oratori
cal contest in Washington.

C. I*. CJ. Smith, fifteen years old, a
pupil of the Windsor Country Hoys'
school, who was chosen from all of
England's school boys to represent his
country in the International oratori
cal contest in Washington.

C. I*. CJ. Smith, fifteen years old, a
pupil of the Windsor Country Hoys'
school, who was chosen from all of
England's school boys to represent his
country in the International oratori
cal contest in Washington.

C. I*. CJ. Smith, fifteen years old, a
pupil of the Windsor Country Hoys'
school, who was chosen from all of
England's school boys to represent his
country in the International oratori
cal contest in Washington.

C. I*. CJ. Smith, fifteen years old, a
pupil of the Windsor Country Hoys'
school, who was chosen from all of
England's school boys to represent his
country in the International oratori
cal contest in Washington.

C. I*. CJ. Smith, fifteen years old, a
pupil of the Windsor Country Hoys'
school, who was chosen from all of
England's school boys to represent his
country in the International oratori
cal contest in Washington.

C. I*. CJ. Smith, fifteen years old, a
pupil of the Windsor Country Hoys'
school, who was chosen from all of
England's school boys to represent his
country in the International oratori
cal contest in Washington.
