# More Coffee for Davy Jones
## 
### 

Brazil Is still trying to keep up the price of coffee by destroying the sur
plus crop. Here, far off the coast, workmen are seeu shoveling tons of coffee
beans into the sea.

Brazil Is still trying to keep up the price of coffee by destroying the sur
plus crop. Here, far off the coast, workmen are seeu shoveling tons of coffee
beans into the sea.

Brazil Is still trying to keep up the price of coffee by destroying the sur
plus crop. Here, far off the coast, workmen are seeu shoveling tons of coffee
beans into the sea.

Brazil Is still trying to keep up the price of coffee by destroying the sur
plus crop. Here, far off the coast, workmen are seeu shoveling tons of coffee
beans into the sea.

Brazil Is still trying to keep up the price of coffee by destroying the sur
plus crop. Here, far off the coast, workmen are seeu shoveling tons of coffee
beans into the sea.

Brazil Is still trying to keep up the price of coffee by destroying the sur
plus crop. Here, far off the coast, workmen are seeu shoveling tons of coffee
beans into the sea.

Brazil Is still trying to keep up the price of coffee by destroying the sur
plus crop. Here, far off the coast, workmen are seeu shoveling tons of coffee
beans into the sea.

Brazil Is still trying to keep up the price of coffee by destroying the sur
plus crop. Here, far off the coast, workmen are seeu shoveling tons of coffee
beans into the sea.

Brazil Is still trying to keep up the price of coffee by destroying the sur
plus crop. Here, far off the coast, workmen are seeu shoveling tons of coffee
beans into the sea.

Brazil Is still trying to keep up the price of coffee by destroying the sur
plus crop. Here, far off the coast, workmen are seeu shoveling tons of coffee
beans into the sea.

Brazil Is still trying to keep up the price of coffee by destroying the sur
plus crop. Here, far off the coast, workmen are seeu shoveling tons of coffee
beans into the sea.

Brazil Is still trying to keep up the price of coffee by destroying the sur
plus crop. Here, far off the coast, workmen are seeu shoveling tons of coffee
beans into the sea.

Brazil Is still trying to keep up the price of coffee by destroying the sur
plus crop. Here, far off the coast, workmen are seeu shoveling tons of coffee
beans into the sea.

Brazil Is still trying to keep up the price of coffee by destroying the sur
plus crop. Here, far off the coast, workmen are seeu shoveling tons of coffee
beans into the sea.
