# BRIDGE MEETING
## 
### 
Stanford Bridge players will meet
informally Thursday at 5 p.m. in the
El Tigre dining-room, Encina Com
mons. All students interested in
contract bridge are invited to at
tend.
Stanford Bridge players will meet
informally Thursday at 5 p.m. in the
El Tigre dining-room, Encina Com
mons. All students interested in
contract bridge are invited to at
tend.
Stanford Bridge players will meet
informally Thursday at 5 p.m. in the
El Tigre dining-room, Encina Com
mons. All students interested in
contract bridge are invited to at
tend.
Stanford Bridge players will meet
informally Thursday at 5 p.m. in the
El Tigre dining-room, Encina Com
mons. All students interested in
contract bridge are invited to at
tend.
Stanford Bridge players will meet
informally Thursday at 5 p.m. in the
El Tigre dining-room, Encina Com
mons. All students interested in
contract bridge are invited to at
tend.
Stanford Bridge players will meet
informally Thursday at 5 p.m. in the
El Tigre dining-room, Encina Com
mons. All students interested in
contract bridge are invited to at
tend.
Stanford Bridge players will meet
informally Thursday at 5 p.m. in the
El Tigre dining-room, Encina Com
mons. All students interested in
contract bridge are invited to at
tend.
Stanford Bridge players will meet
informally Thursday at 5 p.m. in the
El Tigre dining-room, Encina Com
mons. All students interested in
contract bridge are invited to at
tend.
Stanford Bridge players will meet
informally Thursday at 5 p.m. in the
El Tigre dining-room, Encina Com
mons. All students interested in
contract bridge are invited to at
tend.
Stanford Bridge players will meet
informally Thursday at 5 p.m. in the
El Tigre dining-room, Encina Com
mons. All students interested in
contract bridge are invited to at
tend.
Stanford Bridge players will meet
informally Thursday at 5 p.m. in the
El Tigre dining-room, Encina Com
mons. All students interested in
contract bridge are invited to at
tend.
Stanford Bridge players will meet
informally Thursday at 5 p.m. in the
El Tigre dining-room, Encina Com
mons. All students interested in
contract bridge are invited to at
tend.
Stanford Bridge players will meet
informally Thursday at 5 p.m. in the
El Tigre dining-room, Encina Com
mons. All students interested in
contract bridge are invited to at
tend.
Stanford Bridge players will meet
informally Thursday at 5 p.m. in the
El Tigre dining-room, Encina Com
mons. All students interested in
contract bridge are invited to at
tend.
Stanford Bridge players will meet
informally Thursday at 5 p.m. in the
El Tigre dining-room, Encina Com
mons. All students interested in
contract bridge are invited to at
tend.
Stanford Bridge players will meet
informally Thursday at 5 p.m. in the
El Tigre dining-room, Encina Com
mons. All students interested in
contract bridge are invited to at
tend.
