# Only 1400 Farm Men Eligible For Athletic Events
## 
### 
Less than 1,400 men are eli
gible for varsity athletic com
petition in Stanford Universi
ty. This figure is much less
than that in any other major
conference college on the Pa
cific Coast, says coach Harry
Wolter, director of baseball.
University of California, Uni
versity of Southern California,
and the University of Califor
nia at Los Angeles all have
several times as many eligi
bles.
From a total enrollment of
3,190 students at Stanford 500
are women, 450 are freshmen
ineligible for the varsity, and
845 arc in the graduate divi
sion. This leaves only 1,395,
from which a considerable
number of one-year transfers
and physically incapable men
must be subtracted.
Yet ''we almost never have
a man ruled out for scholastic
reasons," says John P. Mitch
ell, registrar and professor of
Chemistry at Stanford.
