# Adv. 12 Page 5
## 
### 
1 Watch Repairing
y American and Swiss Watches
'v Stop Watches. Chronographs
j! HARRY C. POLLEY
| 543 High Street
"Prompt Service"
1 Watch Repairing
y American and Swiss Watches
'v Stop Watches. Chronographs
j! HARRY C. POLLEY
| 543 High Street
"Prompt Service"
1 Watch Repairing
y American and Swiss Watches
'v Stop Watches. Chronographs
j! HARRY C. POLLEY
| 543 High Street
"Prompt Service"
1 Watch Repairing
y American and Swiss Watches
'v Stop Watches. Chronographs
j! HARRY C. POLLEY
| 543 High Street
"Prompt Service"
1 Watch Repairing
y American and Swiss Watches
'v Stop Watches. Chronographs
j! HARRY C. POLLEY
| 543 High Street
"Prompt Service"
1 Watch Repairing
y American and Swiss Watches
'v Stop Watches. Chronographs
j! HARRY C. POLLEY
| 543 High Street
"Prompt Service"
1 Watch Repairing
y American and Swiss Watches
'v Stop Watches. Chronographs
j! HARRY C. POLLEY
| 543 High Street
"Prompt Service"
1 Watch Repairing
y American and Swiss Watches
'v Stop Watches. Chronographs
j! HARRY C. POLLEY
| 543 High Street
"Prompt Service"
1 Watch Repairing
y American and Swiss Watches
'v Stop Watches. Chronographs
j! HARRY C. POLLEY
| 543 High Street
"Prompt Service"
1 Watch Repairing
y American and Swiss Watches
'v Stop Watches. Chronographs
j! HARRY C. POLLEY
| 543 High Street
"Prompt Service"
1 Watch Repairing
y American and Swiss Watches
'v Stop Watches. Chronographs
j! HARRY C. POLLEY
| 543 High Street
"Prompt Service"
1 Watch Repairing
y American and Swiss Watches
'v Stop Watches. Chronographs
j! HARRY C. POLLEY
| 543 High Street
"Prompt Service"
1 Watch Repairing
y American and Swiss Watches
'v Stop Watches. Chronographs
j! HARRY C. POLLEY
| 543 High Street
"Prompt Service"
1 Watch Repairing
y American and Swiss Watches
'v Stop Watches. Chronographs
j! HARRY C. POLLEY
| 543 High Street
"Prompt Service"
1 Watch Repairing
y American and Swiss Watches
'v Stop Watches. Chronographs
j! HARRY C. POLLEY
| 543 High Street
"Prompt Service"
1 Watch Repairing
y American and Swiss Watches
'v Stop Watches. Chronographs
j! HARRY C. POLLEY
| 543 High Street
"Prompt Service"
