# Farm Fraternities Secureâ€”Kimpton
## 
### 
Dean Kimpton, speaking before
an audience of fraternity house
presidents, resident advisers, alum
ni, and Interfraternity Board of
Control, assured the fraternities
that their position on the Stanford
campus was secure.
"For many years, prior to a year
ago. a rather negative attitude ex
isted in the administration toward
the fraternities," Kinmpton stated.
"But early last year, before Dr.
Tresidder's death, we decided that
if the fraternity system was to con
tinue here, and we thought it
should, then we should endeavor to
aid it in becoming the best frater
nity system in the world. That atti
tude has prevailed for the past year
and will continue."
Kimpton warned the fraternities,
however, that they must make a
concentrated effort to raise their
scholarship average above the av
erage for all men, and that the fra
ternity system as a whole must de
velop a stronger feeling of working
together, so that rushing rules and
other regulations will be observed
from a gentlemens' agreement point
of view.
