# Forum '70 Set Tuesday
## 
### 
Rep. Pete McClosky and
Congressional candidate Ron
Dellums will highlight the second
meeting of the Stanford
Community Forum '70 tomorrow
night at 8 p.m. in Dinkelspeil
Auditorium.
Rep. McClosky, a liberal
Republican, was first elected in
1967. He is an active
environmentalist and one of the
leading anti-war spokesmen in
Congress. Ron Dellums, a
Democrat, is a Berkeley city
councilman running for a seat in
the House of Representatives. He
was attacked last week by Vice
President Agnew for supporting
the Black Panthers Party in
Oakland and Berkeley.
Also appearing will be Robert
Gomperts, who works in
international trade, and John
Healy, a 25-year old Vietnam
veteran who is Dellumn's
opponent. Healy is the youngest
Congressional candidate in the
nation.
The forum is free and open to
the public.
