# Untitled Article
## 
### 
With the approach of the Inter
collegiate Rugby game, the class of
1910 should begin preparations for the
entertainment of the senior men from
the University of California on the day
of tne game. This custom was inaugu
rated three years ago by California
when the Stanford seniors were enter
tained at luncheon in Senior Hall.
Suceeding classes have followed this
precedent, and it falls to the lot of
the Stanford seniors to act as hosts
this year. The custom is one that
should be perpetuated as it affords an
opportunity for the men of the two
universities to become better ac
quainted with each other and thus
tends to promote a friendly spirit be
tween the rival colleges.
While the local classmen are hand
icapped by the lack of a suitable place
to entertain the Californians, plans
should nevertheless be made whereby
Stanford may be able to extend its
hospitality to the visiting seniors.
