# Adv. 4 Page 1
## 
### 
r \
■
■
■
■
■
■
So Santa was favor
able this year eh?
Good eh! Make the
most of any unexpect
ed generosity by turn
ing the loot in on a
new Rods Atkins suit
or two. And what bet
ter time, during R A’s
annual January Clear
ance. Real deals—we
■
■
■
I
I
■
I
I
■
■
■
kid you not. Tremen
dous savings by the
suit, naturally more
when you snatch two
of them. We wouldn't
go as far as to say
“two for the price of
one". But?
*
ROOS/ATKINS
r \
■
■
■
■
■
■
So Santa was favor
able this year eh?
Good eh! Make the
most of any unexpect
ed generosity by turn
ing the loot in on a
new Rods Atkins suit
or two. And what bet
ter time, during R A’s
annual January Clear
ance. Real deals—we
■
■
■
I
I
■
I
I
■
■
■
kid you not. Tremen
dous savings by the
suit, naturally more
when you snatch two
of them. We wouldn't
go as far as to say
“two for the price of
one". But?
*
ROOS/ATKINS
r \
■
■
■
■
■
■
So Santa was favor
able this year eh?
Good eh! Make the
most of any unexpect
ed generosity by turn
ing the loot in on a
new Rods Atkins suit
or two. And what bet
ter time, during R A’s
annual January Clear
ance. Real deals—we
■
■
■
I
I
■
I
I
■
■
■
kid you not. Tremen
dous savings by the
suit, naturally more
when you snatch two
of them. We wouldn't
go as far as to say
“two for the price of
one". But?
*
ROOS/ATKINS
r \
■
■
■
■
■
■
So Santa was favor
able this year eh?
Good eh! Make the
most of any unexpect
ed generosity by turn
ing the loot in on a
new Rods Atkins suit
or two. And what bet
ter time, during R A’s
annual January Clear
ance. Real deals—we
■
■
■
I
I
■
I
I
■
■
■
kid you not. Tremen
dous savings by the
suit, naturally more
when you snatch two
of them. We wouldn't
go as far as to say
“two for the price of
one". But?
*
ROOS/ATKINS
r \
■
■
■
■
■
■
So Santa was favor
able this year eh?
Good eh! Make the
most of any unexpect
ed generosity by turn
ing the loot in on a
new Rods Atkins suit
or two. And what bet
ter time, during R A’s
annual January Clear
ance. Real deals—we
■
■
■
I
I
■
I
I
■
■
■
kid you not. Tremen
dous savings by the
suit, naturally more
when you snatch two
of them. We wouldn't
go as far as to say
“two for the price of
one". But?
*
ROOS/ATKINS
r \
■
■
■
■
■
■
So Santa was favor
able this year eh?
Good eh! Make the
most of any unexpect
ed generosity by turn
ing the loot in on a
new Rods Atkins suit
or two. And what bet
ter time, during R A’s
annual January Clear
ance. Real deals—we
■
■
■
I
I
■
I
I
■
■
■
kid you not. Tremen
dous savings by the
suit, naturally more
when you snatch two
of them. We wouldn't
go as far as to say
“two for the price of
one". But?
*
ROOS/ATKINS
r \
■
■
■
■
■
■
So Santa was favor
able this year eh?
Good eh! Make the
most of any unexpect
ed generosity by turn
ing the loot in on a
new Rods Atkins suit
or two. And what bet
ter time, during R A’s
annual January Clear
ance. Real deals—we
■
■
■
I
I
■
I
I
■
■
■
kid you not. Tremen
dous savings by the
suit, naturally more
when you snatch two
of them. We wouldn't
go as far as to say
“two for the price of
one". But?
*
ROOS/ATKINS
r \
■
■
■
■
■
■
So Santa was favor
able this year eh?
Good eh! Make the
most of any unexpect
ed generosity by turn
ing the loot in on a
new Rods Atkins suit
or two. And what bet
ter time, during R A’s
annual January Clear
ance. Real deals—we
■
■
■
I
I
■
I
I
■
■
■
kid you not. Tremen
dous savings by the
suit, naturally more
when you snatch two
of them. We wouldn't
go as far as to say
“two for the price of
one". But?
*
ROOS/ATKINS
r \
■
■
■
■
■
■
So Santa was favor
able this year eh?
Good eh! Make the
most of any unexpect
ed generosity by turn
ing the loot in on a
new Rods Atkins suit
or two. And what bet
ter time, during R A’s
annual January Clear
ance. Real deals—we
■
■
■
I
I
■
I
I
■
■
■
kid you not. Tremen
dous savings by the
suit, naturally more
when you snatch two
of them. We wouldn't
go as far as to say
“two for the price of
one". But?
*
ROOS/ATKINS
r \
■
■
■
■
■
■
So Santa was favor
able this year eh?
Good eh! Make the
most of any unexpect
ed generosity by turn
ing the loot in on a
new Rods Atkins suit
or two. And what bet
ter time, during R A’s
annual January Clear
ance. Real deals—we
■
■
■
I
I
■
I
I
■
■
■
kid you not. Tremen
dous savings by the
suit, naturally more
when you snatch two
of them. We wouldn't
go as far as to say
“two for the price of
one". But?
*
ROOS/ATKINS
r \
■
■
■
■
■
■
So Santa was favor
able this year eh?
Good eh! Make the
most of any unexpect
ed generosity by turn
ing the loot in on a
new Rods Atkins suit
or two. And what bet
ter time, during R A’s
annual January Clear
ance. Real deals—we
■
■
■
I
I
■
I
I
■
■
■
kid you not. Tremen
dous savings by the
suit, naturally more
when you snatch two
of them. We wouldn't
go as far as to say
“two for the price of
one". But?
*
ROOS/ATKINS
r \
■
■
■
■
■
■
So Santa was favor
able this year eh?
Good eh! Make the
most of any unexpect
ed generosity by turn
ing the loot in on a
new Rods Atkins suit
or two. And what bet
ter time, during R A’s
annual January Clear
ance. Real deals—we
■
■
■
I
I
■
I
I
■
■
■
kid you not. Tremen
dous savings by the
suit, naturally more
when you snatch two
of them. We wouldn't
go as far as to say
“two for the price of
one". But?
*
ROOS/ATKINS
r \
■
■
■
■
■
■
So Santa was favor
able this year eh?
Good eh! Make the
most of any unexpect
ed generosity by turn
ing the loot in on a
new Rods Atkins suit
or two. And what bet
ter time, during R A’s
annual January Clear
ance. Real deals—we
■
■
■
I
I
■
I
I
■
■
■
kid you not. Tremen
dous savings by the
suit, naturally more
when you snatch two
of them. We wouldn't
go as far as to say
“two for the price of
one". But?
*
ROOS/ATKINS
r \
■
■
■
■
■
■
So Santa was favor
able this year eh?
Good eh! Make the
most of any unexpect
ed generosity by turn
ing the loot in on a
new Rods Atkins suit
or two. And what bet
ter time, during R A’s
annual January Clear
ance. Real deals—we
■
■
■
I
I
■
I
I
■
■
■
kid you not. Tremen
dous savings by the
suit, naturally more
when you snatch two
of them. We wouldn't
go as far as to say
“two for the price of
one". But?
*
ROOS/ATKINS
r \
■
■
■
■
■
■
So Santa was favor
able this year eh?
Good eh! Make the
most of any unexpect
ed generosity by turn
ing the loot in on a
new Rods Atkins suit
or two. And what bet
ter time, during R A’s
annual January Clear
ance. Real deals—we
■
■
■
I
I
■
I
I
■
■
■
kid you not. Tremen
dous savings by the
suit, naturally more
when you snatch two
of them. We wouldn't
go as far as to say
“two for the price of
one". But?
*
ROOS/ATKINS
r \
■
■
■
■
■
■
So Santa was favor
able this year eh?
Good eh! Make the
most of any unexpect
ed generosity by turn
ing the loot in on a
new Rods Atkins suit
or two. And what bet
ter time, during R A’s
annual January Clear
ance. Real deals—we
■
■
■
I
I
■
I
I
■
■
■
kid you not. Tremen
dous savings by the
suit, naturally more
when you snatch two
of them. We wouldn't
go as far as to say
“two for the price of
one". But?
*
ROOS/ATKINS
r \
■
■
■
■
■
■
So Santa was favor
able this year eh?
Good eh! Make the
most of any unexpect
ed generosity by turn
ing the loot in on a
new Rods Atkins suit
or two. And what bet
ter time, during R A’s
annual January Clear
ance. Real deals—we
■
■
■
I
I
■
I
I
■
■
■
kid you not. Tremen
dous savings by the
suit, naturally more
when you snatch two
of them. We wouldn't
go as far as to say
“two for the price of
one". But?
*
ROOS/ATKINS
