# WUS Fund to Finance IB Sanitarium in Japan
## 
### 
WUS Week, starting today and
ending Thursday, January 24, is
a project of the World University
Service as part of their drive to
raise funds for a tuberculosis
sanitarium in Japan. WUS Week
will include lectures and panel
discussions about education in
Japan. Larry Tesler, WUS Chair
man, asks that each living group
set as its goal $1 per member.
WUS Week, starting today and
ending Thursday, January 24, is
a project of the World University
Service as part of their drive to
raise funds for a tuberculosis
sanitarium in Japan. WUS Week
will include lectures and panel
discussions about education in
Japan. Larry Tesler, WUS Chair
man, asks that each living group
set as its goal $1 per member.
WUS Week, starting today and
ending Thursday, January 24, is
a project of the World University
Service as part of their drive to
raise funds for a tuberculosis
sanitarium in Japan. WUS Week
will include lectures and panel
discussions about education in
Japan. Larry Tesler, WUS Chair
man, asks that each living group
set as its goal $1 per member.
WUS Week, starting today and
ending Thursday, January 24, is
a project of the World University
Service as part of their drive to
raise funds for a tuberculosis
sanitarium in Japan. WUS Week
will include lectures and panel
discussions about education in
Japan. Larry Tesler, WUS Chair
man, asks that each living group
set as its goal $1 per member.
WUS Week, starting today and
ending Thursday, January 24, is
a project of the World University
Service as part of their drive to
raise funds for a tuberculosis
sanitarium in Japan. WUS Week
will include lectures and panel
discussions about education in
Japan. Larry Tesler, WUS Chair
man, asks that each living group
set as its goal $1 per member.
WUS Week, starting today and
ending Thursday, January 24, is
a project of the World University
Service as part of their drive to
raise funds for a tuberculosis
sanitarium in Japan. WUS Week
will include lectures and panel
discussions about education in
Japan. Larry Tesler, WUS Chair
man, asks that each living group
set as its goal $1 per member.
WUS Week, starting today and
ending Thursday, January 24, is
a project of the World University
Service as part of their drive to
raise funds for a tuberculosis
sanitarium in Japan. WUS Week
will include lectures and panel
discussions about education in
Japan. Larry Tesler, WUS Chair
man, asks that each living group
set as its goal $1 per member.
WUS Week, starting today and
ending Thursday, January 24, is
a project of the World University
Service as part of their drive to
raise funds for a tuberculosis
sanitarium in Japan. WUS Week
will include lectures and panel
discussions about education in
Japan. Larry Tesler, WUS Chair
man, asks that each living group
set as its goal $1 per member.
WUS Week, starting today and
ending Thursday, January 24, is
a project of the World University
Service as part of their drive to
raise funds for a tuberculosis
sanitarium in Japan. WUS Week
will include lectures and panel
discussions about education in
Japan. Larry Tesler, WUS Chair
man, asks that each living group
set as its goal $1 per member.
WUS Week, starting today and
ending Thursday, January 24, is
a project of the World University
Service as part of their drive to
raise funds for a tuberculosis
sanitarium in Japan. WUS Week
will include lectures and panel
discussions about education in
Japan. Larry Tesler, WUS Chair
man, asks that each living group
set as its goal $1 per member.
WUS Week, starting today and
ending Thursday, January 24, is
a project of the World University
Service as part of their drive to
raise funds for a tuberculosis
sanitarium in Japan. WUS Week
will include lectures and panel
discussions about education in
Japan. Larry Tesler, WUS Chair
man, asks that each living group
set as its goal $1 per member.
WUS Week, starting today and
ending Thursday, January 24, is
a project of the World University
Service as part of their drive to
raise funds for a tuberculosis
sanitarium in Japan. WUS Week
will include lectures and panel
discussions about education in
Japan. Larry Tesler, WUS Chair
man, asks that each living group
set as its goal $1 per member.
WUS Week, starting today and
ending Thursday, January 24, is
a project of the World University
Service as part of their drive to
raise funds for a tuberculosis
sanitarium in Japan. WUS Week
will include lectures and panel
discussions about education in
Japan. Larry Tesler, WUS Chair
man, asks that each living group
set as its goal $1 per member.
WUS Week, starting today and
ending Thursday, January 24, is
a project of the World University
Service as part of their drive to
raise funds for a tuberculosis
sanitarium in Japan. WUS Week
will include lectures and panel
discussions about education in
Japan. Larry Tesler, WUS Chair
man, asks that each living group
set as its goal $1 per member.
WUS Week, starting today and
ending Thursday, January 24, is
a project of the World University
Service as part of their drive to
raise funds for a tuberculosis
sanitarium in Japan. WUS Week
will include lectures and panel
discussions about education in
Japan. Larry Tesler, WUS Chair
man, asks that each living group
set as its goal $1 per member.
WUS Week, starting today and
ending Thursday, January 24, is
a project of the World University
Service as part of their drive to
raise funds for a tuberculosis
sanitarium in Japan. WUS Week
will include lectures and panel
discussions about education in
Japan. Larry Tesler, WUS Chair
man, asks that each living group
set as its goal $1 per member.
WUS Week, starting today and
ending Thursday, January 24, is
a project of the World University
Service as part of their drive to
raise funds for a tuberculosis
sanitarium in Japan. WUS Week
will include lectures and panel
discussions about education in
Japan. Larry Tesler, WUS Chair
man, asks that each living group
set as its goal $1 per member.
