# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
ENJOY YOURSELF |
WHILE YOU CAN! [
If you like to read, watch
for the Spring Book Sale.
If you crave exercise, or
need equipment for gym
—get one of the new
tennis rackets at
\ \
■prrw^flfc.
The Stanford Bookstore
lIIIIIIIWIMttIIIIIIIIiIKHIIMMMIHCIIIIIIHIIIIItIIIIHIHaitCIi
ENJOY YOURSELF |
WHILE YOU CAN! [
If you like to read, watch
for the Spring Book Sale.
If you crave exercise, or
need equipment for gym
—get one of the new
tennis rackets at
\ \
■prrw^flfc.
The Stanford Bookstore
lIIIIIIIWIMttIIIIIIIIiIKHIIMMMIHCIIIIIIHIIIIItIIIIHIHaitCIi
ENJOY YOURSELF |
WHILE YOU CAN! [
If you like to read, watch
for the Spring Book Sale.
If you crave exercise, or
need equipment for gym
—get one of the new
tennis rackets at
\ \
■prrw^flfc.
The Stanford Bookstore
lIIIIIIIWIMttIIIIIIIIiIKHIIMMMIHCIIIIIIHIIIIItIIIIHIHaitCIi
ENJOY YOURSELF |
WHILE YOU CAN! [
If you like to read, watch
for the Spring Book Sale.
If you crave exercise, or
need equipment for gym
—get one of the new
tennis rackets at
\ \
■prrw^flfc.
The Stanford Bookstore
lIIIIIIIWIMttIIIIIIIIiIKHIIMMMIHCIIIIIIHIIIIItIIIIHIHaitCIi
ENJOY YOURSELF |
WHILE YOU CAN! [
If you like to read, watch
for the Spring Book Sale.
If you crave exercise, or
need equipment for gym
—get one of the new
tennis rackets at
\ \
■prrw^flfc.
The Stanford Bookstore
lIIIIIIIWIMttIIIIIIIIiIKHIIMMMIHCIIIIIIHIIIIItIIIIHIHaitCIi
ENJOY YOURSELF |
WHILE YOU CAN! [
If you like to read, watch
for the Spring Book Sale.
If you crave exercise, or
need equipment for gym
—get one of the new
tennis rackets at
\ \
■prrw^flfc.
The Stanford Bookstore
lIIIIIIIWIMttIIIIIIIIiIKHIIMMMIHCIIIIIIHIIIIItIIIIHIHaitCIi
ENJOY YOURSELF |
WHILE YOU CAN! [
If you like to read, watch
for the Spring Book Sale.
If you crave exercise, or
need equipment for gym
—get one of the new
tennis rackets at
\ \
■prrw^flfc.
The Stanford Bookstore
lIIIIIIIWIMttIIIIIIIIiIKHIIMMMIHCIIIIIIHIIIIItIIIIHIHaitCIi
ENJOY YOURSELF |
WHILE YOU CAN! [
If you like to read, watch
for the Spring Book Sale.
If you crave exercise, or
need equipment for gym
—get one of the new
tennis rackets at
\ \
■prrw^flfc.
The Stanford Bookstore
lIIIIIIIWIMttIIIIIIIIiIKHIIMMMIHCIIIIIIHIIIIItIIIIHIHaitCIi
ENJOY YOURSELF |
WHILE YOU CAN! [
If you like to read, watch
for the Spring Book Sale.
If you crave exercise, or
need equipment for gym
—get one of the new
tennis rackets at
\ \
■prrw^flfc.
The Stanford Bookstore
lIIIIIIIWIMttIIIIIIIIiIKHIIMMMIHCIIIIIIHIIIIItIIIIHIHaitCIi
ENJOY YOURSELF |
WHILE YOU CAN! [
If you like to read, watch
for the Spring Book Sale.
If you crave exercise, or
need equipment for gym
—get one of the new
tennis rackets at
\ \
■prrw^flfc.
The Stanford Bookstore
lIIIIIIIWIMttIIIIIIIIiIKHIIMMMIHCIIIIIIHIIIIItIIIIHIHaitCIi
ENJOY YOURSELF |
WHILE YOU CAN! [
If you like to read, watch
for the Spring Book Sale.
If you crave exercise, or
need equipment for gym
—get one of the new
tennis rackets at
\ \
■prrw^flfc.
The Stanford Bookstore
lIIIIIIIWIMttIIIIIIIIiIKHIIMMMIHCIIIIIIHIIIIItIIIIHIHaitCIi
ENJOY YOURSELF |
WHILE YOU CAN! [
If you like to read, watch
for the Spring Book Sale.
If you crave exercise, or
need equipment for gym
—get one of the new
tennis rackets at
\ \
■prrw^flfc.
The Stanford Bookstore
lIIIIIIIWIMttIIIIIIIIiIKHIIMMMIHCIIIIIIHIIIIItIIIIHIHaitCIi
ENJOY YOURSELF |
WHILE YOU CAN! [
If you like to read, watch
for the Spring Book Sale.
If you crave exercise, or
need equipment for gym
—get one of the new
tennis rackets at
\ \
■prrw^flfc.
The Stanford Bookstore
lIIIIIIIWIMttIIIIIIIIiIKHIIMMMIHCIIIIIIHIIIIItIIIIHIHaitCIi
