# Campus Professor Retains Presidency
## 
### 
Dr. John C. Almaek, professor of
the Stanford School of Education*,
was re-elected president of the Palo
Alto Board of Education at its meet
ing Thursday night. Other results
gave Mrs. Charles J. Crary the post
of vice-president.
Material concerning plans to be
included in next year's budget was
placed in the hands of Superintend
ent J. P. Overturf. This was in con
junction with the plan to meet the
budget formulation deadline set at
July 1.
Dr. John C. Almaek, professor of
the Stanford School of Education*,
was re-elected president of the Palo
Alto Board of Education at its meet
ing Thursday night. Other results
gave Mrs. Charles J. Crary the post
of vice-president.
Material concerning plans to be
included in next year's budget was
placed in the hands of Superintend
ent J. P. Overturf. This was in con
junction with the plan to meet the
budget formulation deadline set at
July 1.
Dr. John C. Almaek, professor of
the Stanford School of Education*,
was re-elected president of the Palo
Alto Board of Education at its meet
ing Thursday night. Other results
gave Mrs. Charles J. Crary the post
of vice-president.
Material concerning plans to be
included in next year's budget was
placed in the hands of Superintend
ent J. P. Overturf. This was in con
junction with the plan to meet the
budget formulation deadline set at
July 1.
Dr. John C. Almaek, professor of
the Stanford School of Education*,
was re-elected president of the Palo
Alto Board of Education at its meet
ing Thursday night. Other results
gave Mrs. Charles J. Crary the post
of vice-president.
Material concerning plans to be
included in next year's budget was
placed in the hands of Superintend
ent J. P. Overturf. This was in con
junction with the plan to meet the
budget formulation deadline set at
July 1.
Dr. John C. Almaek, professor of
the Stanford School of Education*,
was re-elected president of the Palo
Alto Board of Education at its meet
ing Thursday night. Other results
gave Mrs. Charles J. Crary the post
of vice-president.
Material concerning plans to be
included in next year's budget was
placed in the hands of Superintend
ent J. P. Overturf. This was in con
junction with the plan to meet the
budget formulation deadline set at
July 1.
Dr. John C. Almaek, professor of
the Stanford School of Education*,
was re-elected president of the Palo
Alto Board of Education at its meet
ing Thursday night. Other results
gave Mrs. Charles J. Crary the post
of vice-president.
Material concerning plans to be
included in next year's budget was
placed in the hands of Superintend
ent J. P. Overturf. This was in con
junction with the plan to meet the
budget formulation deadline set at
July 1.
Dr. John C. Almaek, professor of
the Stanford School of Education*,
was re-elected president of the Palo
Alto Board of Education at its meet
ing Thursday night. Other results
gave Mrs. Charles J. Crary the post
of vice-president.
Material concerning plans to be
included in next year's budget was
placed in the hands of Superintend
ent J. P. Overturf. This was in con
junction with the plan to meet the
budget formulation deadline set at
July 1.
Dr. John C. Almaek, professor of
the Stanford School of Education*,
was re-elected president of the Palo
Alto Board of Education at its meet
ing Thursday night. Other results
gave Mrs. Charles J. Crary the post
of vice-president.
Material concerning plans to be
included in next year's budget was
placed in the hands of Superintend
ent J. P. Overturf. This was in con
junction with the plan to meet the
budget formulation deadline set at
July 1.
Dr. John C. Almaek, professor of
the Stanford School of Education*,
was re-elected president of the Palo
Alto Board of Education at its meet
ing Thursday night. Other results
gave Mrs. Charles J. Crary the post
of vice-president.
Material concerning plans to be
included in next year's budget was
placed in the hands of Superintend
ent J. P. Overturf. This was in con
junction with the plan to meet the
budget formulation deadline set at
July 1.
Dr. John C. Almaek, professor of
the Stanford School of Education*,
was re-elected president of the Palo
Alto Board of Education at its meet
ing Thursday night. Other results
gave Mrs. Charles J. Crary the post
of vice-president.
Material concerning plans to be
included in next year's budget was
placed in the hands of Superintend
ent J. P. Overturf. This was in con
junction with the plan to meet the
budget formulation deadline set at
July 1.
Dr. John C. Almaek, professor of
the Stanford School of Education*,
was re-elected president of the Palo
Alto Board of Education at its meet
ing Thursday night. Other results
gave Mrs. Charles J. Crary the post
of vice-president.
Material concerning plans to be
included in next year's budget was
placed in the hands of Superintend
ent J. P. Overturf. This was in con
junction with the plan to meet the
budget formulation deadline set at
July 1.
Dr. John C. Almaek, professor of
the Stanford School of Education*,
was re-elected president of the Palo
Alto Board of Education at its meet
ing Thursday night. Other results
gave Mrs. Charles J. Crary the post
of vice-president.
Material concerning plans to be
included in next year's budget was
placed in the hands of Superintend
ent J. P. Overturf. This was in con
junction with the plan to meet the
budget formulation deadline set at
July 1.
Dr. John C. Almaek, professor of
the Stanford School of Education*,
was re-elected president of the Palo
Alto Board of Education at its meet
ing Thursday night. Other results
gave Mrs. Charles J. Crary the post
of vice-president.
Material concerning plans to be
included in next year's budget was
placed in the hands of Superintend
ent J. P. Overturf. This was in con
junction with the plan to meet the
budget formulation deadline set at
July 1.
Dr. John C. Almaek, professor of
the Stanford School of Education*,
was re-elected president of the Palo
Alto Board of Education at its meet
ing Thursday night. Other results
gave Mrs. Charles J. Crary the post
of vice-president.
Material concerning plans to be
included in next year's budget was
placed in the hands of Superintend
ent J. P. Overturf. This was in con
junction with the plan to meet the
budget formulation deadline set at
July 1.
Dr. John C. Almaek, professor of
the Stanford School of Education*,
was re-elected president of the Palo
Alto Board of Education at its meet
ing Thursday night. Other results
gave Mrs. Charles J. Crary the post
of vice-president.
Material concerning plans to be
included in next year's budget was
placed in the hands of Superintend
ent J. P. Overturf. This was in con
junction with the plan to meet the
budget formulation deadline set at
July 1.
Dr. John C. Almaek, professor of
the Stanford School of Education*,
was re-elected president of the Palo
Alto Board of Education at its meet
ing Thursday night. Other results
gave Mrs. Charles J. Crary the post
of vice-president.
Material concerning plans to be
included in next year's budget was
placed in the hands of Superintend
ent J. P. Overturf. This was in con
junction with the plan to meet the
budget formulation deadline set at
July 1.
