# BOOKS IN THE BINDERY
## 
### 
The Editor, Sir:
I would not ordinarily ask you to
go out of your way, but seeing as
the "Shack" is just next door to
the Bindery, I do not believe I am
asking too much.
It. has recently come to my atten
tion that our Stanford Publishing
House is either inadequately staffed,
improperly managed, or just one
hell of a graft. The other day I at
tempted to get three certain books
from the Libe—and what do I find?
Book number one has been at the
publishers for rebinding since last
autumn quarter, and the other two
have been there since the begin
ning of spring quarter.
Now if this isn't an impossible
situation, what is? To remedy this
I suggest our grad students in the
School of Business try working
their theories on this problem. In
the meantime would you try finding
out just where "The Old Love and
the New" by Waller resides? I
would like to read it before the
quarter is over.
Disgusted
The Editor, Sir:
I would not ordinarily ask you to
go out of your way, but seeing as
the "Shack" is just next door to
the Bindery, I do not believe I am
asking too much.
It. has recently come to my atten
tion that our Stanford Publishing
House is either inadequately staffed,
improperly managed, or just one
hell of a graft. The other day I at
tempted to get three certain books
from the Libe—and what do I find?
Book number one has been at the
publishers for rebinding since last
autumn quarter, and the other two
have been there since the begin
ning of spring quarter.
Now if this isn't an impossible
situation, what is? To remedy this
I suggest our grad students in the
School of Business try working
their theories on this problem. In
the meantime would you try finding
out just where "The Old Love and
the New" by Waller resides? I
would like to read it before the
quarter is over.
Disgusted
The Editor, Sir:
I would not ordinarily ask you to
go out of your way, but seeing as
the "Shack" is just next door to
the Bindery, I do not believe I am
asking too much.
It. has recently come to my atten
tion that our Stanford Publishing
House is either inadequately staffed,
improperly managed, or just one
hell of a graft. The other day I at
tempted to get three certain books
from the Libe—and what do I find?
Book number one has been at the
publishers for rebinding since last
autumn quarter, and the other two
have been there since the begin
ning of spring quarter.
Now if this isn't an impossible
situation, what is? To remedy this
I suggest our grad students in the
School of Business try working
their theories on this problem. In
the meantime would you try finding
out just where "The Old Love and
the New" by Waller resides? I
would like to read it before the
quarter is over.
Disgusted
The Editor, Sir:
I would not ordinarily ask you to
go out of your way, but seeing as
the "Shack" is just next door to
the Bindery, I do not believe I am
asking too much.
It. has recently come to my atten
tion that our Stanford Publishing
House is either inadequately staffed,
improperly managed, or just one
hell of a graft. The other day I at
tempted to get three certain books
from the Libe—and what do I find?
Book number one has been at the
publishers for rebinding since last
autumn quarter, and the other two
have been there since the begin
ning of spring quarter.
Now if this isn't an impossible
situation, what is? To remedy this
I suggest our grad students in the
School of Business try working
their theories on this problem. In
the meantime would you try finding
out just where "The Old Love and
the New" by Waller resides? I
would like to read it before the
quarter is over.
Disgusted
The Editor, Sir:
I would not ordinarily ask you to
go out of your way, but seeing as
the "Shack" is just next door to
the Bindery, I do not believe I am
asking too much.
It. has recently come to my atten
tion that our Stanford Publishing
House is either inadequately staffed,
improperly managed, or just one
hell of a graft. The other day I at
tempted to get three certain books
from the Libe—and what do I find?
Book number one has been at the
publishers for rebinding since last
autumn quarter, and the other two
have been there since the begin
ning of spring quarter.
Now if this isn't an impossible
situation, what is? To remedy this
I suggest our grad students in the
School of Business try working
their theories on this problem. In
the meantime would you try finding
out just where "The Old Love and
the New" by Waller resides? I
would like to read it before the
quarter is over.
Disgusted
The Editor, Sir:
I would not ordinarily ask you to
go out of your way, but seeing as
the "Shack" is just next door to
the Bindery, I do not believe I am
asking too much.
It. has recently come to my atten
tion that our Stanford Publishing
House is either inadequately staffed,
improperly managed, or just one
hell of a graft. The other day I at
tempted to get three certain books
from the Libe—and what do I find?
Book number one has been at the
publishers for rebinding since last
autumn quarter, and the other two
have been there since the begin
ning of spring quarter.
Now if this isn't an impossible
situation, what is? To remedy this
I suggest our grad students in the
School of Business try working
their theories on this problem. In
the meantime would you try finding
out just where "The Old Love and
the New" by Waller resides? I
would like to read it before the
quarter is over.
Disgusted
The Editor, Sir:
I would not ordinarily ask you to
go out of your way, but seeing as
the "Shack" is just next door to
the Bindery, I do not believe I am
asking too much.
It. has recently come to my atten
tion that our Stanford Publishing
House is either inadequately staffed,
improperly managed, or just one
hell of a graft. The other day I at
tempted to get three certain books
from the Libe—and what do I find?
Book number one has been at the
publishers for rebinding since last
autumn quarter, and the other two
have been there since the begin
ning of spring quarter.
Now if this isn't an impossible
situation, what is? To remedy this
I suggest our grad students in the
School of Business try working
their theories on this problem. In
the meantime would you try finding
out just where "The Old Love and
the New" by Waller resides? I
would like to read it before the
quarter is over.
Disgusted
The Editor, Sir:
I would not ordinarily ask you to
go out of your way, but seeing as
the "Shack" is just next door to
the Bindery, I do not believe I am
asking too much.
It. has recently come to my atten
tion that our Stanford Publishing
House is either inadequately staffed,
improperly managed, or just one
hell of a graft. The other day I at
tempted to get three certain books
from the Libe—and what do I find?
Book number one has been at the
publishers for rebinding since last
autumn quarter, and the other two
have been there since the begin
ning of spring quarter.
Now if this isn't an impossible
situation, what is? To remedy this
I suggest our grad students in the
School of Business try working
their theories on this problem. In
the meantime would you try finding
out just where "The Old Love and
the New" by Waller resides? I
would like to read it before the
quarter is over.
Disgusted
The Editor, Sir:
I would not ordinarily ask you to
go out of your way, but seeing as
the "Shack" is just next door to
the Bindery, I do not believe I am
asking too much.
It. has recently come to my atten
tion that our Stanford Publishing
House is either inadequately staffed,
improperly managed, or just one
hell of a graft. The other day I at
tempted to get three certain books
from the Libe—and what do I find?
Book number one has been at the
publishers for rebinding since last
autumn quarter, and the other two
have been there since the begin
ning of spring quarter.
Now if this isn't an impossible
situation, what is? To remedy this
I suggest our grad students in the
School of Business try working
their theories on this problem. In
the meantime would you try finding
out just where "The Old Love and
the New" by Waller resides? I
would like to read it before the
quarter is over.
Disgusted
The Editor, Sir:
I would not ordinarily ask you to
go out of your way, but seeing as
the "Shack" is just next door to
the Bindery, I do not believe I am
asking too much.
It. has recently come to my atten
tion that our Stanford Publishing
House is either inadequately staffed,
improperly managed, or just one
hell of a graft. The other day I at
tempted to get three certain books
from the Libe—and what do I find?
Book number one has been at the
publishers for rebinding since last
autumn quarter, and the other two
have been there since the begin
ning of spring quarter.
Now if this isn't an impossible
situation, what is? To remedy this
I suggest our grad students in the
School of Business try working
their theories on this problem. In
the meantime would you try finding
out just where "The Old Love and
the New" by Waller resides? I
would like to read it before the
quarter is over.
Disgusted
The Editor, Sir:
I would not ordinarily ask you to
go out of your way, but seeing as
the "Shack" is just next door to
the Bindery, I do not believe I am
asking too much.
It. has recently come to my atten
tion that our Stanford Publishing
House is either inadequately staffed,
improperly managed, or just one
hell of a graft. The other day I at
tempted to get three certain books
from the Libe—and what do I find?
Book number one has been at the
publishers for rebinding since last
autumn quarter, and the other two
have been there since the begin
ning of spring quarter.
Now if this isn't an impossible
situation, what is? To remedy this
I suggest our grad students in the
School of Business try working
their theories on this problem. In
the meantime would you try finding
out just where "The Old Love and
the New" by Waller resides? I
would like to read it before the
quarter is over.
Disgusted
The Editor, Sir:
I would not ordinarily ask you to
go out of your way, but seeing as
the "Shack" is just next door to
the Bindery, I do not believe I am
asking too much.
It. has recently come to my atten
tion that our Stanford Publishing
House is either inadequately staffed,
improperly managed, or just one
hell of a graft. The other day I at
tempted to get three certain books
from the Libe—and what do I find?
Book number one has been at the
publishers for rebinding since last
autumn quarter, and the other two
have been there since the begin
ning of spring quarter.
Now if this isn't an impossible
situation, what is? To remedy this
I suggest our grad students in the
School of Business try working
their theories on this problem. In
the meantime would you try finding
out just where "The Old Love and
the New" by Waller resides? I
would like to read it before the
quarter is over.
Disgusted
The Editor, Sir:
I would not ordinarily ask you to
go out of your way, but seeing as
the "Shack" is just next door to
the Bindery, I do not believe I am
asking too much.
It. has recently come to my atten
tion that our Stanford Publishing
House is either inadequately staffed,
improperly managed, or just one
hell of a graft. The other day I at
tempted to get three certain books
from the Libe—and what do I find?
Book number one has been at the
publishers for rebinding since last
autumn quarter, and the other two
have been there since the begin
ning of spring quarter.
Now if this isn't an impossible
situation, what is? To remedy this
I suggest our grad students in the
School of Business try working
their theories on this problem. In
the meantime would you try finding
out just where "The Old Love and
the New" by Waller resides? I
would like to read it before the
quarter is over.
Disgusted
The Editor, Sir:
I would not ordinarily ask you to
go out of your way, but seeing as
the "Shack" is just next door to
the Bindery, I do not believe I am
asking too much.
It. has recently come to my atten
tion that our Stanford Publishing
House is either inadequately staffed,
improperly managed, or just one
hell of a graft. The other day I at
tempted to get three certain books
from the Libe—and what do I find?
Book number one has been at the
publishers for rebinding since last
autumn quarter, and the other two
have been there since the begin
ning of spring quarter.
Now if this isn't an impossible
situation, what is? To remedy this
I suggest our grad students in the
School of Business try working
their theories on this problem. In
the meantime would you try finding
out just where "The Old Love and
the New" by Waller resides? I
would like to read it before the
quarter is over.
Disgusted
The Editor, Sir:
I would not ordinarily ask you to
go out of your way, but seeing as
the "Shack" is just next door to
the Bindery, I do not believe I am
asking too much.
It. has recently come to my atten
tion that our Stanford Publishing
House is either inadequately staffed,
improperly managed, or just one
hell of a graft. The other day I at
tempted to get three certain books
from the Libe—and what do I find?
Book number one has been at the
publishers for rebinding since last
autumn quarter, and the other two
have been there since the begin
ning of spring quarter.
Now if this isn't an impossible
situation, what is? To remedy this
I suggest our grad students in the
School of Business try working
their theories on this problem. In
the meantime would you try finding
out just where "The Old Love and
the New" by Waller resides? I
would like to read it before the
quarter is over.
Disgusted
The Editor, Sir:
I would not ordinarily ask you to
go out of your way, but seeing as
the "Shack" is just next door to
the Bindery, I do not believe I am
asking too much.
It. has recently come to my atten
tion that our Stanford Publishing
House is either inadequately staffed,
improperly managed, or just one
hell of a graft. The other day I at
tempted to get three certain books
from the Libe—and what do I find?
Book number one has been at the
publishers for rebinding since last
autumn quarter, and the other two
have been there since the begin
ning of spring quarter.
Now if this isn't an impossible
situation, what is? To remedy this
I suggest our grad students in the
School of Business try working
their theories on this problem. In
the meantime would you try finding
out just where "The Old Love and
the New" by Waller resides? I
would like to read it before the
quarter is over.
Disgusted
