# CRASH DELAYS 'GOOD WILL' TOUR
## 
### 

ON TOUR OF AMERICA in behalf of Chinese war sufferers, Hilda Yen, pretty Chinese aviatrix shown in
inset, was seriously injured in crack-up of her plane near Montgomery. Ala., on flight from Mobile t<;
Birmingham. She plans to continue trip when dismissed from hospital. Her damaged plane, which crashed
into trees, is shown above.

ON TOUR OF AMERICA in behalf of Chinese war sufferers, Hilda Yen, pretty Chinese aviatrix shown in
inset, was seriously injured in crack-up of her plane near Montgomery. Ala., on flight from Mobile t<;
Birmingham. She plans to continue trip when dismissed from hospital. Her damaged plane, which crashed
into trees, is shown above.

ON TOUR OF AMERICA in behalf of Chinese war sufferers, Hilda Yen, pretty Chinese aviatrix shown in
inset, was seriously injured in crack-up of her plane near Montgomery. Ala., on flight from Mobile t<;
Birmingham. She plans to continue trip when dismissed from hospital. Her damaged plane, which crashed
into trees, is shown above.

ON TOUR OF AMERICA in behalf of Chinese war sufferers, Hilda Yen, pretty Chinese aviatrix shown in
inset, was seriously injured in crack-up of her plane near Montgomery. Ala., on flight from Mobile t<;
Birmingham. She plans to continue trip when dismissed from hospital. Her damaged plane, which crashed
into trees, is shown above.

ON TOUR OF AMERICA in behalf of Chinese war sufferers, Hilda Yen, pretty Chinese aviatrix shown in
inset, was seriously injured in crack-up of her plane near Montgomery. Ala., on flight from Mobile t<;
Birmingham. She plans to continue trip when dismissed from hospital. Her damaged plane, which crashed
into trees, is shown above.

ON TOUR OF AMERICA in behalf of Chinese war sufferers, Hilda Yen, pretty Chinese aviatrix shown in
inset, was seriously injured in crack-up of her plane near Montgomery. Ala., on flight from Mobile t<;
Birmingham. She plans to continue trip when dismissed from hospital. Her damaged plane, which crashed
into trees, is shown above.

ON TOUR OF AMERICA in behalf of Chinese war sufferers, Hilda Yen, pretty Chinese aviatrix shown in
inset, was seriously injured in crack-up of her plane near Montgomery. Ala., on flight from Mobile t<;
Birmingham. She plans to continue trip when dismissed from hospital. Her damaged plane, which crashed
into trees, is shown above.

ON TOUR OF AMERICA in behalf of Chinese war sufferers, Hilda Yen, pretty Chinese aviatrix shown in
inset, was seriously injured in crack-up of her plane near Montgomery. Ala., on flight from Mobile t<;
Birmingham. She plans to continue trip when dismissed from hospital. Her damaged plane, which crashed
into trees, is shown above.

ON TOUR OF AMERICA in behalf of Chinese war sufferers, Hilda Yen, pretty Chinese aviatrix shown in
inset, was seriously injured in crack-up of her plane near Montgomery. Ala., on flight from Mobile t<;
Birmingham. She plans to continue trip when dismissed from hospital. Her damaged plane, which crashed
into trees, is shown above.

ON TOUR OF AMERICA in behalf of Chinese war sufferers, Hilda Yen, pretty Chinese aviatrix shown in
inset, was seriously injured in crack-up of her plane near Montgomery. Ala., on flight from Mobile t<;
Birmingham. She plans to continue trip when dismissed from hospital. Her damaged plane, which crashed
into trees, is shown above.

ON TOUR OF AMERICA in behalf of Chinese war sufferers, Hilda Yen, pretty Chinese aviatrix shown in
inset, was seriously injured in crack-up of her plane near Montgomery. Ala., on flight from Mobile t<;
Birmingham. She plans to continue trip when dismissed from hospital. Her damaged plane, which crashed
into trees, is shown above.

ON TOUR OF AMERICA in behalf of Chinese war sufferers, Hilda Yen, pretty Chinese aviatrix shown in
inset, was seriously injured in crack-up of her plane near Montgomery. Ala., on flight from Mobile t<;
Birmingham. She plans to continue trip when dismissed from hospital. Her damaged plane, which crashed
into trees, is shown above.

ON TOUR OF AMERICA in behalf of Chinese war sufferers, Hilda Yen, pretty Chinese aviatrix shown in
inset, was seriously injured in crack-up of her plane near Montgomery. Ala., on flight from Mobile t<;
Birmingham. She plans to continue trip when dismissed from hospital. Her damaged plane, which crashed
into trees, is shown above.

ON TOUR OF AMERICA in behalf of Chinese war sufferers, Hilda Yen, pretty Chinese aviatrix shown in
inset, was seriously injured in crack-up of her plane near Montgomery. Ala., on flight from Mobile t<;
Birmingham. She plans to continue trip when dismissed from hospital. Her damaged plane, which crashed
into trees, is shown above.

ON TOUR OF AMERICA in behalf of Chinese war sufferers, Hilda Yen, pretty Chinese aviatrix shown in
inset, was seriously injured in crack-up of her plane near Montgomery. Ala., on flight from Mobile t<;
Birmingham. She plans to continue trip when dismissed from hospital. Her damaged plane, which crashed
into trees, is shown above.

ON TOUR OF AMERICA in behalf of Chinese war sufferers, Hilda Yen, pretty Chinese aviatrix shown in
inset, was seriously injured in crack-up of her plane near Montgomery. Ala., on flight from Mobile t<;
Birmingham. She plans to continue trip when dismissed from hospital. Her damaged plane, which crashed
into trees, is shown above.
