# Master's Voice?
## 
### 
Graduate Manager Stroud of the
University of California has taken it
upon himself to spurn with a flourish
Stanford's latest request that the two
universities give an independent tri
bunal the opportunity to arbitrate
them back to amity and friendship.
Fortunately for the ghost of intercol
legiate competition, Stroud wired his
ultimatum from a far country, and
with none but bis own unanimous ap
proval.
* * * *
President Street of the California
student body has given assurance that
the Stanford proposal will receive
"careful consideration" this week.
That means of course that the execu
tive committee will make a decision.
We call to mind the fact that Stroud
has only one wee vote on the commit
tee, and hope that his prophecy may
be short circuited.
* * * *
The students at Berkeley, through
their executive committee, must be as
well convinced as we are that one-man
domination of the present Stanford-
California relations would be humili
ating to California and vicious in its
effect on both institutions.
