# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Registrar's oTice announced to
day that the schedule of December
examinations would be ready for dis
tribution before tbc end of tbc week.
The Registrar's oTice announced to
day that the schedule of December
examinations would be ready for dis
tribution before tbc end of tbc week.
The Registrar's oTice announced to
day that the schedule of December
examinations would be ready for dis
tribution before tbc end of tbc week.
The Registrar's oTice announced to
day that the schedule of December
examinations would be ready for dis
tribution before tbc end of tbc week.
The Registrar's oTice announced to
day that the schedule of December
examinations would be ready for dis
tribution before tbc end of tbc week.
The Registrar's oTice announced to
day that the schedule of December
examinations would be ready for dis
tribution before tbc end of tbc week.
The Registrar's oTice announced to
day that the schedule of December
examinations would be ready for dis
tribution before tbc end of tbc week.
The Registrar's oTice announced to
day that the schedule of December
examinations would be ready for dis
tribution before tbc end of tbc week.
The Registrar's oTice announced to
day that the schedule of December
examinations would be ready for dis
tribution before tbc end of tbc week.
The Registrar's oTice announced to
day that the schedule of December
examinations would be ready for dis
tribution before tbc end of tbc week.
The Registrar's oTice announced to
day that the schedule of December
examinations would be ready for dis
tribution before tbc end of tbc week.
The Registrar's oTice announced to
day that the schedule of December
examinations would be ready for dis
tribution before tbc end of tbc week.
The Registrar's oTice announced to
day that the schedule of December
examinations would be ready for dis
tribution before tbc end of tbc week.
