# PROFESSOR HUSTON IS TO ADDRESS SOCIOLOGY CLUB
## 
### 
Professor C. E. Huston of the Law
department will talk on "Judicial Set
tlements by Non-Judiciary Bodies" on
Thursday at 8:00 p. m. iti the Educa
tion Seminary room.
The lecture will be conducted under
the auspices of the Sociological So
ciety, which will elect officers imme
diately after Professor Huston's talk.
Professor C. E. Huston of the Law
department will talk on "Judicial Set
tlements by Non-Judiciary Bodies" on
Thursday at 8:00 p. m. iti the Educa
tion Seminary room.
The lecture will be conducted under
the auspices of the Sociological So
ciety, which will elect officers imme
diately after Professor Huston's talk.
Professor C. E. Huston of the Law
department will talk on "Judicial Set
tlements by Non-Judiciary Bodies" on
Thursday at 8:00 p. m. iti the Educa
tion Seminary room.
The lecture will be conducted under
the auspices of the Sociological So
ciety, which will elect officers imme
diately after Professor Huston's talk.
Professor C. E. Huston of the Law
department will talk on "Judicial Set
tlements by Non-Judiciary Bodies" on
Thursday at 8:00 p. m. iti the Educa
tion Seminary room.
The lecture will be conducted under
the auspices of the Sociological So
ciety, which will elect officers imme
diately after Professor Huston's talk.
Professor C. E. Huston of the Law
department will talk on "Judicial Set
tlements by Non-Judiciary Bodies" on
Thursday at 8:00 p. m. iti the Educa
tion Seminary room.
The lecture will be conducted under
the auspices of the Sociological So
ciety, which will elect officers imme
diately after Professor Huston's talk.
Professor C. E. Huston of the Law
department will talk on "Judicial Set
tlements by Non-Judiciary Bodies" on
Thursday at 8:00 p. m. iti the Educa
tion Seminary room.
The lecture will be conducted under
the auspices of the Sociological So
ciety, which will elect officers imme
diately after Professor Huston's talk.
Professor C. E. Huston of the Law
department will talk on "Judicial Set
tlements by Non-Judiciary Bodies" on
Thursday at 8:00 p. m. iti the Educa
tion Seminary room.
The lecture will be conducted under
the auspices of the Sociological So
ciety, which will elect officers imme
diately after Professor Huston's talk.
Professor C. E. Huston of the Law
department will talk on "Judicial Set
tlements by Non-Judiciary Bodies" on
Thursday at 8:00 p. m. iti the Educa
tion Seminary room.
The lecture will be conducted under
the auspices of the Sociological So
ciety, which will elect officers imme
diately after Professor Huston's talk.
Professor C. E. Huston of the Law
department will talk on "Judicial Set
tlements by Non-Judiciary Bodies" on
Thursday at 8:00 p. m. iti the Educa
tion Seminary room.
The lecture will be conducted under
the auspices of the Sociological So
ciety, which will elect officers imme
diately after Professor Huston's talk.
Professor C. E. Huston of the Law
department will talk on "Judicial Set
tlements by Non-Judiciary Bodies" on
Thursday at 8:00 p. m. iti the Educa
tion Seminary room.
The lecture will be conducted under
the auspices of the Sociological So
ciety, which will elect officers imme
diately after Professor Huston's talk.
Professor C. E. Huston of the Law
department will talk on "Judicial Set
tlements by Non-Judiciary Bodies" on
Thursday at 8:00 p. m. iti the Educa
tion Seminary room.
The lecture will be conducted under
the auspices of the Sociological So
ciety, which will elect officers imme
diately after Professor Huston's talk.
Professor C. E. Huston of the Law
department will talk on "Judicial Set
tlements by Non-Judiciary Bodies" on
Thursday at 8:00 p. m. iti the Educa
tion Seminary room.
The lecture will be conducted under
the auspices of the Sociological So
ciety, which will elect officers imme
diately after Professor Huston's talk.
Professor C. E. Huston of the Law
department will talk on "Judicial Set
tlements by Non-Judiciary Bodies" on
Thursday at 8:00 p. m. iti the Educa
tion Seminary room.
The lecture will be conducted under
the auspices of the Sociological So
ciety, which will elect officers imme
diately after Professor Huston's talk.
