# ANNOUNCEMENTS.
## 
### 
Daily Morning Prayers—Memorial
church, 8 o'clock,
Monday
Cosmopolitan Club—Meet, room 50,
Education building, 7:30. Illustrated
talk upon Patagonia by Professor Wil
lis. Visitors welcome.
Tuesday
French Club—Meet at liome of Pro
fessor Grojean, 1212 Byron street, 8
p. m.
Wednesday
Lecture on Central America—Chapel
7:45.
Executive Committee—Union, 7:30.
History Club—Room 230, History
building, 7:30.
Daily Morning Prayers—Memorial
church, 8 o'clock,
Monday
Cosmopolitan Club—Meet, room 50,
Education building, 7:30. Illustrated
talk upon Patagonia by Professor Wil
lis. Visitors welcome.
Tuesday
French Club—Meet at liome of Pro
fessor Grojean, 1212 Byron street, 8
p. m.
Wednesday
Lecture on Central America—Chapel
7:45.
Executive Committee—Union, 7:30.
History Club—Room 230, History
building, 7:30.
Daily Morning Prayers—Memorial
church, 8 o'clock,
Monday
Cosmopolitan Club—Meet, room 50,
Education building, 7:30. Illustrated
talk upon Patagonia by Professor Wil
lis. Visitors welcome.
Tuesday
French Club—Meet at liome of Pro
fessor Grojean, 1212 Byron street, 8
p. m.
Wednesday
Lecture on Central America—Chapel
7:45.
Executive Committee—Union, 7:30.
History Club—Room 230, History
building, 7:30.
Daily Morning Prayers—Memorial
church, 8 o'clock,
Monday
Cosmopolitan Club—Meet, room 50,
Education building, 7:30. Illustrated
talk upon Patagonia by Professor Wil
lis. Visitors welcome.
Tuesday
French Club—Meet at liome of Pro
fessor Grojean, 1212 Byron street, 8
p. m.
Wednesday
Lecture on Central America—Chapel
7:45.
Executive Committee—Union, 7:30.
History Club—Room 230, History
building, 7:30.
Daily Morning Prayers—Memorial
church, 8 o'clock,
Monday
Cosmopolitan Club—Meet, room 50,
Education building, 7:30. Illustrated
talk upon Patagonia by Professor Wil
lis. Visitors welcome.
Tuesday
French Club—Meet at liome of Pro
fessor Grojean, 1212 Byron street, 8
p. m.
Wednesday
Lecture on Central America—Chapel
7:45.
Executive Committee—Union, 7:30.
History Club—Room 230, History
building, 7:30.
Daily Morning Prayers—Memorial
church, 8 o'clock,
Monday
Cosmopolitan Club—Meet, room 50,
Education building, 7:30. Illustrated
talk upon Patagonia by Professor Wil
lis. Visitors welcome.
Tuesday
French Club—Meet at liome of Pro
fessor Grojean, 1212 Byron street, 8
p. m.
Wednesday
Lecture on Central America—Chapel
7:45.
Executive Committee—Union, 7:30.
History Club—Room 230, History
building, 7:30.
Daily Morning Prayers—Memorial
church, 8 o'clock,
Monday
Cosmopolitan Club—Meet, room 50,
Education building, 7:30. Illustrated
talk upon Patagonia by Professor Wil
lis. Visitors welcome.
Tuesday
French Club—Meet at liome of Pro
fessor Grojean, 1212 Byron street, 8
p. m.
Wednesday
Lecture on Central America—Chapel
7:45.
Executive Committee—Union, 7:30.
History Club—Room 230, History
building, 7:30.
Daily Morning Prayers—Memorial
church, 8 o'clock,
Monday
Cosmopolitan Club—Meet, room 50,
Education building, 7:30. Illustrated
talk upon Patagonia by Professor Wil
lis. Visitors welcome.
Tuesday
French Club—Meet at liome of Pro
fessor Grojean, 1212 Byron street, 8
p. m.
Wednesday
Lecture on Central America—Chapel
7:45.
Executive Committee—Union, 7:30.
History Club—Room 230, History
building, 7:30.
Daily Morning Prayers—Memorial
church, 8 o'clock,
Monday
Cosmopolitan Club—Meet, room 50,
Education building, 7:30. Illustrated
talk upon Patagonia by Professor Wil
lis. Visitors welcome.
Tuesday
French Club—Meet at liome of Pro
fessor Grojean, 1212 Byron street, 8
p. m.
Wednesday
Lecture on Central America—Chapel
7:45.
Executive Committee—Union, 7:30.
History Club—Room 230, History
building, 7:30.
Daily Morning Prayers—Memorial
church, 8 o'clock,
Monday
Cosmopolitan Club—Meet, room 50,
Education building, 7:30. Illustrated
talk upon Patagonia by Professor Wil
lis. Visitors welcome.
Tuesday
French Club—Meet at liome of Pro
fessor Grojean, 1212 Byron street, 8
p. m.
Wednesday
Lecture on Central America—Chapel
7:45.
Executive Committee—Union, 7:30.
History Club—Room 230, History
building, 7:30.
Daily Morning Prayers—Memorial
church, 8 o'clock,
Monday
Cosmopolitan Club—Meet, room 50,
Education building, 7:30. Illustrated
talk upon Patagonia by Professor Wil
lis. Visitors welcome.
Tuesday
French Club—Meet at liome of Pro
fessor Grojean, 1212 Byron street, 8
p. m.
Wednesday
Lecture on Central America—Chapel
7:45.
Executive Committee—Union, 7:30.
History Club—Room 230, History
building, 7:30.
Daily Morning Prayers—Memorial
church, 8 o'clock,
Monday
Cosmopolitan Club—Meet, room 50,
Education building, 7:30. Illustrated
talk upon Patagonia by Professor Wil
lis. Visitors welcome.
Tuesday
French Club—Meet at liome of Pro
fessor Grojean, 1212 Byron street, 8
p. m.
Wednesday
Lecture on Central America—Chapel
7:45.
Executive Committee—Union, 7:30.
History Club—Room 230, History
building, 7:30.
Daily Morning Prayers—Memorial
church, 8 o'clock,
Monday
Cosmopolitan Club—Meet, room 50,
Education building, 7:30. Illustrated
talk upon Patagonia by Professor Wil
lis. Visitors welcome.
Tuesday
French Club—Meet at liome of Pro
fessor Grojean, 1212 Byron street, 8
p. m.
Wednesday
Lecture on Central America—Chapel
7:45.
Executive Committee—Union, 7:30.
History Club—Room 230, History
building, 7:30.
