# Six Pass Oxford Examinations
## 
### 
Together with four students of the
University of California and one stu
dent of Occidental College, George H.
Humphries, the Stanford student who
last October took tbc Rhodes scholar
ship examination, has qualified in the
preliminary selection. The six can
didates must now appear before a
committee, consisting of President
Wheeler of California, Professor A. T.
Murray of Stanford. Professor TT. M.
Stephens of California, and Dean E. C.
Norton of Pomona, who will select the
one student best qualified for the
three-year scholarship at Oxford.
Together with four students of the
University of California and one stu
dent of Occidental College, George H.
Humphries, the Stanford student who
last October took tbc Rhodes scholar
ship examination, has qualified in the
preliminary selection. The six can
didates must now appear before a
committee, consisting of President
Wheeler of California, Professor A. T.
Murray of Stanford. Professor TT. M.
Stephens of California, and Dean E. C.
Norton of Pomona, who will select the
one student best qualified for the
three-year scholarship at Oxford.
Together with four students of the
University of California and one stu
dent of Occidental College, George H.
Humphries, the Stanford student who
last October took tbc Rhodes scholar
ship examination, has qualified in the
preliminary selection. The six can
didates must now appear before a
committee, consisting of President
Wheeler of California, Professor A. T.
Murray of Stanford. Professor TT. M.
Stephens of California, and Dean E. C.
Norton of Pomona, who will select the
one student best qualified for the
three-year scholarship at Oxford.
Together with four students of the
University of California and one stu
dent of Occidental College, George H.
Humphries, the Stanford student who
last October took tbc Rhodes scholar
ship examination, has qualified in the
preliminary selection. The six can
didates must now appear before a
committee, consisting of President
Wheeler of California, Professor A. T.
Murray of Stanford. Professor TT. M.
Stephens of California, and Dean E. C.
Norton of Pomona, who will select the
one student best qualified for the
three-year scholarship at Oxford.
Together with four students of the
University of California and one stu
dent of Occidental College, George H.
Humphries, the Stanford student who
last October took tbc Rhodes scholar
ship examination, has qualified in the
preliminary selection. The six can
didates must now appear before a
committee, consisting of President
Wheeler of California, Professor A. T.
Murray of Stanford. Professor TT. M.
Stephens of California, and Dean E. C.
Norton of Pomona, who will select the
one student best qualified for the
three-year scholarship at Oxford.
Together with four students of the
University of California and one stu
dent of Occidental College, George H.
Humphries, the Stanford student who
last October took tbc Rhodes scholar
ship examination, has qualified in the
preliminary selection. The six can
didates must now appear before a
committee, consisting of President
Wheeler of California, Professor A. T.
Murray of Stanford. Professor TT. M.
Stephens of California, and Dean E. C.
Norton of Pomona, who will select the
one student best qualified for the
three-year scholarship at Oxford.
Together with four students of the
University of California and one stu
dent of Occidental College, George H.
Humphries, the Stanford student who
last October took tbc Rhodes scholar
ship examination, has qualified in the
preliminary selection. The six can
didates must now appear before a
committee, consisting of President
Wheeler of California, Professor A. T.
Murray of Stanford. Professor TT. M.
Stephens of California, and Dean E. C.
Norton of Pomona, who will select the
one student best qualified for the
three-year scholarship at Oxford.
Together with four students of the
University of California and one stu
dent of Occidental College, George H.
Humphries, the Stanford student who
last October took tbc Rhodes scholar
ship examination, has qualified in the
preliminary selection. The six can
didates must now appear before a
committee, consisting of President
Wheeler of California, Professor A. T.
Murray of Stanford. Professor TT. M.
Stephens of California, and Dean E. C.
Norton of Pomona, who will select the
one student best qualified for the
three-year scholarship at Oxford.
Together with four students of the
University of California and one stu
dent of Occidental College, George H.
Humphries, the Stanford student who
last October took tbc Rhodes scholar
ship examination, has qualified in the
preliminary selection. The six can
didates must now appear before a
committee, consisting of President
Wheeler of California, Professor A. T.
Murray of Stanford. Professor TT. M.
Stephens of California, and Dean E. C.
Norton of Pomona, who will select the
one student best qualified for the
three-year scholarship at Oxford.
Together with four students of the
University of California and one stu
dent of Occidental College, George H.
Humphries, the Stanford student who
last October took tbc Rhodes scholar
ship examination, has qualified in the
preliminary selection. The six can
didates must now appear before a
committee, consisting of President
Wheeler of California, Professor A. T.
Murray of Stanford. Professor TT. M.
Stephens of California, and Dean E. C.
Norton of Pomona, who will select the
one student best qualified for the
three-year scholarship at Oxford.
Together with four students of the
University of California and one stu
dent of Occidental College, George H.
Humphries, the Stanford student who
last October took tbc Rhodes scholar
ship examination, has qualified in the
preliminary selection. The six can
didates must now appear before a
committee, consisting of President
Wheeler of California, Professor A. T.
Murray of Stanford. Professor TT. M.
Stephens of California, and Dean E. C.
Norton of Pomona, who will select the
one student best qualified for the
three-year scholarship at Oxford.
Together with four students of the
University of California and one stu
dent of Occidental College, George H.
Humphries, the Stanford student who
last October took tbc Rhodes scholar
ship examination, has qualified in the
preliminary selection. The six can
didates must now appear before a
committee, consisting of President
Wheeler of California, Professor A. T.
Murray of Stanford. Professor TT. M.
Stephens of California, and Dean E. C.
Norton of Pomona, who will select the
one student best qualified for the
three-year scholarship at Oxford.
Together with four students of the
University of California and one stu
dent of Occidental College, George H.
Humphries, the Stanford student who
last October took tbc Rhodes scholar
ship examination, has qualified in the
preliminary selection. The six can
didates must now appear before a
committee, consisting of President
Wheeler of California, Professor A. T.
Murray of Stanford. Professor TT. M.
Stephens of California, and Dean E. C.
Norton of Pomona, who will select the
one student best qualified for the
three-year scholarship at Oxford.
