# Signal Corps Course Graduates First Class
## 
### 
In the Electrical Engineering De
partment, where Army and Navy
officers are taking courses together,
war training is moving ahead rap
idly, with the graduation last Satur
day of the first class of the three
month signal corps course. The civ
ilian graduates will take up posts as
ultra-high frequency technicians in
the Army.
In the Electrical Engineering De
partment, where Army and Navy
officers are taking courses together,
war training is moving ahead rap
idly, with the graduation last Satur
day of the first class of the three
month signal corps course. The civ
ilian graduates will take up posts as
ultra-high frequency technicians in
the Army.
In the Electrical Engineering De
partment, where Army and Navy
officers are taking courses together,
war training is moving ahead rap
idly, with the graduation last Satur
day of the first class of the three
month signal corps course. The civ
ilian graduates will take up posts as
ultra-high frequency technicians in
the Army.
In the Electrical Engineering De
partment, where Army and Navy
officers are taking courses together,
war training is moving ahead rap
idly, with the graduation last Satur
day of the first class of the three
month signal corps course. The civ
ilian graduates will take up posts as
ultra-high frequency technicians in
the Army.
In the Electrical Engineering De
partment, where Army and Navy
officers are taking courses together,
war training is moving ahead rap
idly, with the graduation last Satur
day of the first class of the three
month signal corps course. The civ
ilian graduates will take up posts as
ultra-high frequency technicians in
the Army.
In the Electrical Engineering De
partment, where Army and Navy
officers are taking courses together,
war training is moving ahead rap
idly, with the graduation last Satur
day of the first class of the three
month signal corps course. The civ
ilian graduates will take up posts as
ultra-high frequency technicians in
the Army.
In the Electrical Engineering De
partment, where Army and Navy
officers are taking courses together,
war training is moving ahead rap
idly, with the graduation last Satur
day of the first class of the three
month signal corps course. The civ
ilian graduates will take up posts as
ultra-high frequency technicians in
the Army.
In the Electrical Engineering De
partment, where Army and Navy
officers are taking courses together,
war training is moving ahead rap
idly, with the graduation last Satur
day of the first class of the three
month signal corps course. The civ
ilian graduates will take up posts as
ultra-high frequency technicians in
the Army.
In the Electrical Engineering De
partment, where Army and Navy
officers are taking courses together,
war training is moving ahead rap
idly, with the graduation last Satur
day of the first class of the three
month signal corps course. The civ
ilian graduates will take up posts as
ultra-high frequency technicians in
the Army.
In the Electrical Engineering De
partment, where Army and Navy
officers are taking courses together,
war training is moving ahead rap
idly, with the graduation last Satur
day of the first class of the three
month signal corps course. The civ
ilian graduates will take up posts as
ultra-high frequency technicians in
the Army.
In the Electrical Engineering De
partment, where Army and Navy
officers are taking courses together,
war training is moving ahead rap
idly, with the graduation last Satur
day of the first class of the three
month signal corps course. The civ
ilian graduates will take up posts as
ultra-high frequency technicians in
the Army.
In the Electrical Engineering De
partment, where Army and Navy
officers are taking courses together,
war training is moving ahead rap
idly, with the graduation last Satur
day of the first class of the three
month signal corps course. The civ
ilian graduates will take up posts as
ultra-high frequency technicians in
the Army.
In the Electrical Engineering De
partment, where Army and Navy
officers are taking courses together,
war training is moving ahead rap
idly, with the graduation last Satur
day of the first class of the three
month signal corps course. The civ
ilian graduates will take up posts as
ultra-high frequency technicians in
the Army.
In the Electrical Engineering De
partment, where Army and Navy
officers are taking courses together,
war training is moving ahead rap
idly, with the graduation last Satur
day of the first class of the three
month signal corps course. The civ
ilian graduates will take up posts as
ultra-high frequency technicians in
the Army.
In the Electrical Engineering De
partment, where Army and Navy
officers are taking courses together,
war training is moving ahead rap
idly, with the graduation last Satur
day of the first class of the three
month signal corps course. The civ
ilian graduates will take up posts as
ultra-high frequency technicians in
the Army.
In the Electrical Engineering De
partment, where Army and Navy
officers are taking courses together,
war training is moving ahead rap
idly, with the graduation last Satur
day of the first class of the three
month signal corps course. The civ
ilian graduates will take up posts as
ultra-high frequency technicians in
the Army.
In the Electrical Engineering De
partment, where Army and Navy
officers are taking courses together,
war training is moving ahead rap
idly, with the graduation last Satur
day of the first class of the three
month signal corps course. The civ
ilian graduates will take up posts as
ultra-high frequency technicians in
the Army.
In the Electrical Engineering De
partment, where Army and Navy
officers are taking courses together,
war training is moving ahead rap
idly, with the graduation last Satur
day of the first class of the three
month signal corps course. The civ
ilian graduates will take up posts as
ultra-high frequency technicians in
the Army.
