# Wide Open Spaces
## 
### 

THREE DENTAL casualties from
Dutch Harbor, Corporals Bruce
Richardson and Louis Prentice and
Private Robert Milam lost their
front teeth during the Jap bomb
ings. With a little dental work
they'll be back fighting again.

THREE DENTAL casualties from
Dutch Harbor, Corporals Bruce
Richardson and Louis Prentice and
Private Robert Milam lost their
front teeth during the Jap bomb
ings. With a little dental work
they'll be back fighting again.

THREE DENTAL casualties from
Dutch Harbor, Corporals Bruce
Richardson and Louis Prentice and
Private Robert Milam lost their
front teeth during the Jap bomb
ings. With a little dental work
they'll be back fighting again.

THREE DENTAL casualties from
Dutch Harbor, Corporals Bruce
Richardson and Louis Prentice and
Private Robert Milam lost their
front teeth during the Jap bomb
ings. With a little dental work
they'll be back fighting again.

THREE DENTAL casualties from
Dutch Harbor, Corporals Bruce
Richardson and Louis Prentice and
Private Robert Milam lost their
front teeth during the Jap bomb
ings. With a little dental work
they'll be back fighting again.

THREE DENTAL casualties from
Dutch Harbor, Corporals Bruce
Richardson and Louis Prentice and
Private Robert Milam lost their
front teeth during the Jap bomb
ings. With a little dental work
they'll be back fighting again.

THREE DENTAL casualties from
Dutch Harbor, Corporals Bruce
Richardson and Louis Prentice and
Private Robert Milam lost their
front teeth during the Jap bomb
ings. With a little dental work
they'll be back fighting again.

THREE DENTAL casualties from
Dutch Harbor, Corporals Bruce
Richardson and Louis Prentice and
Private Robert Milam lost their
front teeth during the Jap bomb
ings. With a little dental work
they'll be back fighting again.

THREE DENTAL casualties from
Dutch Harbor, Corporals Bruce
Richardson and Louis Prentice and
Private Robert Milam lost their
front teeth during the Jap bomb
ings. With a little dental work
they'll be back fighting again.

THREE DENTAL casualties from
Dutch Harbor, Corporals Bruce
Richardson and Louis Prentice and
Private Robert Milam lost their
front teeth during the Jap bomb
ings. With a little dental work
they'll be back fighting again.

THREE DENTAL casualties from
Dutch Harbor, Corporals Bruce
Richardson and Louis Prentice and
Private Robert Milam lost their
front teeth during the Jap bomb
ings. With a little dental work
they'll be back fighting again.

THREE DENTAL casualties from
Dutch Harbor, Corporals Bruce
Richardson and Louis Prentice and
Private Robert Milam lost their
front teeth during the Jap bomb
ings. With a little dental work
they'll be back fighting again.

THREE DENTAL casualties from
Dutch Harbor, Corporals Bruce
Richardson and Louis Prentice and
Private Robert Milam lost their
front teeth during the Jap bomb
ings. With a little dental work
they'll be back fighting again.

THREE DENTAL casualties from
Dutch Harbor, Corporals Bruce
Richardson and Louis Prentice and
Private Robert Milam lost their
front teeth during the Jap bomb
ings. With a little dental work
they'll be back fighting again.

THREE DENTAL casualties from
Dutch Harbor, Corporals Bruce
Richardson and Louis Prentice and
Private Robert Milam lost their
front teeth during the Jap bomb
ings. With a little dental work
they'll be back fighting again.

THREE DENTAL casualties from
Dutch Harbor, Corporals Bruce
Richardson and Louis Prentice and
Private Robert Milam lost their
front teeth during the Jap bomb
ings. With a little dental work
they'll be back fighting again.

THREE DENTAL casualties from
Dutch Harbor, Corporals Bruce
Richardson and Louis Prentice and
Private Robert Milam lost their
front teeth during the Jap bomb
ings. With a little dental work
they'll be back fighting again.

THREE DENTAL casualties from
Dutch Harbor, Corporals Bruce
Richardson and Louis Prentice and
Private Robert Milam lost their
front teeth during the Jap bomb
ings. With a little dental work
they'll be back fighting again.
