# FOOTBALL MOVIES
## 
### 
Movies of the Stanford-USC game
will be shown tonight at 7 in Cub
berley Auditorium. Admission is
free.
Movies of the Stanford-USC game
will be shown tonight at 7 in Cub
berley Auditorium. Admission is
free.
Movies of the Stanford-USC game
will be shown tonight at 7 in Cub
berley Auditorium. Admission is
free.
Movies of the Stanford-USC game
will be shown tonight at 7 in Cub
berley Auditorium. Admission is
free.
Movies of the Stanford-USC game
will be shown tonight at 7 in Cub
berley Auditorium. Admission is
free.
Movies of the Stanford-USC game
will be shown tonight at 7 in Cub
berley Auditorium. Admission is
free.
Movies of the Stanford-USC game
will be shown tonight at 7 in Cub
berley Auditorium. Admission is
free.
Movies of the Stanford-USC game
will be shown tonight at 7 in Cub
berley Auditorium. Admission is
free.
Movies of the Stanford-USC game
will be shown tonight at 7 in Cub
berley Auditorium. Admission is
free.
Movies of the Stanford-USC game
will be shown tonight at 7 in Cub
berley Auditorium. Admission is
free.
Movies of the Stanford-USC game
will be shown tonight at 7 in Cub
berley Auditorium. Admission is
free.
Movies of the Stanford-USC game
will be shown tonight at 7 in Cub
berley Auditorium. Admission is
free.
Movies of the Stanford-USC game
will be shown tonight at 7 in Cub
berley Auditorium. Admission is
free.
Movies of the Stanford-USC game
will be shown tonight at 7 in Cub
berley Auditorium. Admission is
free.
