# FROSH PRACTICE
## 
### 
Coach Bob Ghilotti's freshman
gridders worked through a hard
practice at the same time and
showed unusual spirit in their prep
aration for the "Little Big Game."
The Papooses were enlightened by
the news that Itackle Cris Plain
would be ready for the Cal Cubs
tilt, which will be played as a pre
liminary to the Indian-Spartan con
test.
Coach Bob Ghilotti's freshman
gridders worked through a hard
practice at the same time and
showed unusual spirit in their prep
aration for the "Little Big Game."
The Papooses were enlightened by
the news that Itackle Cris Plain
would be ready for the Cal Cubs
tilt, which will be played as a pre
liminary to the Indian-Spartan con
test.
Coach Bob Ghilotti's freshman
gridders worked through a hard
practice at the same time and
showed unusual spirit in their prep
aration for the "Little Big Game."
The Papooses were enlightened by
the news that Itackle Cris Plain
would be ready for the Cal Cubs
tilt, which will be played as a pre
liminary to the Indian-Spartan con
test.
Coach Bob Ghilotti's freshman
gridders worked through a hard
practice at the same time and
showed unusual spirit in their prep
aration for the "Little Big Game."
The Papooses were enlightened by
the news that Itackle Cris Plain
would be ready for the Cal Cubs
tilt, which will be played as a pre
liminary to the Indian-Spartan con
test.
Coach Bob Ghilotti's freshman
gridders worked through a hard
practice at the same time and
showed unusual spirit in their prep
aration for the "Little Big Game."
The Papooses were enlightened by
the news that Itackle Cris Plain
would be ready for the Cal Cubs
tilt, which will be played as a pre
liminary to the Indian-Spartan con
test.
Coach Bob Ghilotti's freshman
gridders worked through a hard
practice at the same time and
showed unusual spirit in their prep
aration for the "Little Big Game."
The Papooses were enlightened by
the news that Itackle Cris Plain
would be ready for the Cal Cubs
tilt, which will be played as a pre
liminary to the Indian-Spartan con
test.
Coach Bob Ghilotti's freshman
gridders worked through a hard
practice at the same time and
showed unusual spirit in their prep
aration for the "Little Big Game."
The Papooses were enlightened by
the news that Itackle Cris Plain
would be ready for the Cal Cubs
tilt, which will be played as a pre
liminary to the Indian-Spartan con
test.
Coach Bob Ghilotti's freshman
gridders worked through a hard
practice at the same time and
showed unusual spirit in their prep
aration for the "Little Big Game."
The Papooses were enlightened by
the news that Itackle Cris Plain
would be ready for the Cal Cubs
tilt, which will be played as a pre
liminary to the Indian-Spartan con
test.
Coach Bob Ghilotti's freshman
gridders worked through a hard
practice at the same time and
showed unusual spirit in their prep
aration for the "Little Big Game."
The Papooses were enlightened by
the news that Itackle Cris Plain
would be ready for the Cal Cubs
tilt, which will be played as a pre
liminary to the Indian-Spartan con
test.
Coach Bob Ghilotti's freshman
gridders worked through a hard
practice at the same time and
showed unusual spirit in their prep
aration for the "Little Big Game."
The Papooses were enlightened by
the news that Itackle Cris Plain
would be ready for the Cal Cubs
tilt, which will be played as a pre
liminary to the Indian-Spartan con
test.
Coach Bob Ghilotti's freshman
gridders worked through a hard
practice at the same time and
showed unusual spirit in their prep
aration for the "Little Big Game."
The Papooses were enlightened by
the news that Itackle Cris Plain
would be ready for the Cal Cubs
tilt, which will be played as a pre
liminary to the Indian-Spartan con
test.
Coach Bob Ghilotti's freshman
gridders worked through a hard
practice at the same time and
showed unusual spirit in their prep
aration for the "Little Big Game."
The Papooses were enlightened by
the news that Itackle Cris Plain
would be ready for the Cal Cubs
tilt, which will be played as a pre
liminary to the Indian-Spartan con
test.
Coach Bob Ghilotti's freshman
gridders worked through a hard
practice at the same time and
showed unusual spirit in their prep
aration for the "Little Big Game."
The Papooses were enlightened by
the news that Itackle Cris Plain
would be ready for the Cal Cubs
tilt, which will be played as a pre
liminary to the Indian-Spartan con
test.
Coach Bob Ghilotti's freshman
gridders worked through a hard
practice at the same time and
showed unusual spirit in their prep
aration for the "Little Big Game."
The Papooses were enlightened by
the news that Itackle Cris Plain
would be ready for the Cal Cubs
tilt, which will be played as a pre
liminary to the Indian-Spartan con
test.
