# Michigan Co-eds Terrorized.
## 
### 
Dwellers on the campus of tljju
University of Michigan have been
tormented lately by a miscreant
with a mania for embracing co-ed*.
For six weeks previous to Christ
mas no woman was safe from be
ing approached by this mysterious
man if she walked out unescorted
in the evening. Professors' wives,
giddy sorority girls, and chaper
ones were held up by this "Jack,
the Hugger," and the terrorized re
gion was driven to stringent
measures for self-protection. Pol ice
men with clubs and co-eds with
red-pepper went on the war-path
together, with a result that al
though the fellow was not captured
he was scared into exile from the
University town.
