# NOW OR PERHAPS NEVER
## 
### 
Pinal examinations are less than
eight weeks distant. This means that
the semester is more than half over,
and a relatively small portion of time
remains to complete thoroughly all the
work of the term. Some of the stu
dents were .recently surprised that
one or more of the subjects which they
were taking was not up to a passing
grade, when the "smoke-ups" were is
sued last week. The little slips of
paper have no deeper significance than
to point out your deficiencies. It is
often said by students that they would
rather receive a "smoke-up" in the
middle of the term and be able to
brush up in the subject than to think
that their work was satisfactory, and
probably flunk in the long run.
Now is the time for every one to
buckle to. If we intend to make re
spectable passing grades this semes
ter we must make our time count for
something. The tendency is to put off
work as far as possible until the last
two or three weeks, but we usually
find that "the procrastinating man is
ever struggling with ruin." A person
may be able to cram a semester's work
into a fbw days, and pass his examina
tions, but he does not do justice to
himself* nor to those who are making
it possible for him to attend the uni
versity. The knowledge which he ob
tains is likened unto a shadow which
comes quickly, but soon disappears.
Now is the time to make the best of
your opportunities. If you do not take
advantage of the time which is before
you to accomplish your work thor
oughly the possibilities arc that you
will never reach your goal.
Pinal examinations are less than
eight weeks distant. This means that
the semester is more than half over,
and a relatively small portion of time
remains to complete thoroughly all the
work of the term. Some of the stu
dents were .recently surprised that
one or more of the subjects which they
were taking was not up to a passing
grade, when the "smoke-ups" were is
sued last week. The little slips of
paper have no deeper significance than
to point out your deficiencies. It is
often said by students that they would
rather receive a "smoke-up" in the
middle of the term and be able to
brush up in the subject than to think
that their work was satisfactory, and
probably flunk in the long run.
Now is the time for every one to
buckle to. If we intend to make re
spectable passing grades this semes
ter we must make our time count for
something. The tendency is to put off
work as far as possible until the last
two or three weeks, but we usually
find that "the procrastinating man is
ever struggling with ruin." A person
may be able to cram a semester's work
into a fbw days, and pass his examina
tions, but he does not do justice to
himself* nor to those who are making
it possible for him to attend the uni
versity. The knowledge which he ob
tains is likened unto a shadow which
comes quickly, but soon disappears.
Now is the time to make the best of
your opportunities. If you do not take
advantage of the time which is before
you to accomplish your work thor
oughly the possibilities arc that you
will never reach your goal.
Pinal examinations are less than
eight weeks distant. This means that
the semester is more than half over,
and a relatively small portion of time
remains to complete thoroughly all the
work of the term. Some of the stu
dents were .recently surprised that
one or more of the subjects which they
were taking was not up to a passing
grade, when the "smoke-ups" were is
sued last week. The little slips of
paper have no deeper significance than
to point out your deficiencies. It is
often said by students that they would
rather receive a "smoke-up" in the
middle of the term and be able to
brush up in the subject than to think
that their work was satisfactory, and
probably flunk in the long run.
Now is the time for every one to
buckle to. If we intend to make re
spectable passing grades this semes
ter we must make our time count for
something. The tendency is to put off
work as far as possible until the last
two or three weeks, but we usually
find that "the procrastinating man is
ever struggling with ruin." A person
may be able to cram a semester's work
into a fbw days, and pass his examina
tions, but he does not do justice to
himself* nor to those who are making
it possible for him to attend the uni
versity. The knowledge which he ob
tains is likened unto a shadow which
comes quickly, but soon disappears.
Now is the time to make the best of
your opportunities. If you do not take
advantage of the time which is before
you to accomplish your work thor
oughly the possibilities arc that you
will never reach your goal.
Pinal examinations are less than
eight weeks distant. This means that
the semester is more than half over,
and a relatively small portion of time
remains to complete thoroughly all the
work of the term. Some of the stu
dents were .recently surprised that
one or more of the subjects which they
were taking was not up to a passing
grade, when the "smoke-ups" were is
sued last week. The little slips of
paper have no deeper significance than
to point out your deficiencies. It is
often said by students that they would
rather receive a "smoke-up" in the
middle of the term and be able to
brush up in the subject than to think
that their work was satisfactory, and
probably flunk in the long run.
Now is the time for every one to
buckle to. If we intend to make re
spectable passing grades this semes
ter we must make our time count for
something. The tendency is to put off
work as far as possible until the last
two or three weeks, but we usually
find that "the procrastinating man is
ever struggling with ruin." A person
may be able to cram a semester's work
into a fbw days, and pass his examina
tions, but he does not do justice to
himself* nor to those who are making
it possible for him to attend the uni
versity. The knowledge which he ob
tains is likened unto a shadow which
comes quickly, but soon disappears.
Now is the time to make the best of
your opportunities. If you do not take
advantage of the time which is before
you to accomplish your work thor
oughly the possibilities arc that you
will never reach your goal.
Pinal examinations are less than
eight weeks distant. This means that
the semester is more than half over,
and a relatively small portion of time
remains to complete thoroughly all the
work of the term. Some of the stu
dents were .recently surprised that
one or more of the subjects which they
were taking was not up to a passing
grade, when the "smoke-ups" were is
sued last week. The little slips of
paper have no deeper significance than
to point out your deficiencies. It is
often said by students that they would
rather receive a "smoke-up" in the
middle of the term and be able to
brush up in the subject than to think
that their work was satisfactory, and
probably flunk in the long run.
Now is the time for every one to
buckle to. If we intend to make re
spectable passing grades this semes
ter we must make our time count for
something. The tendency is to put off
work as far as possible until the last
two or three weeks, but we usually
find that "the procrastinating man is
ever struggling with ruin." A person
may be able to cram a semester's work
into a fbw days, and pass his examina
tions, but he does not do justice to
himself* nor to those who are making
it possible for him to attend the uni
versity. The knowledge which he ob
tains is likened unto a shadow which
comes quickly, but soon disappears.
Now is the time to make the best of
your opportunities. If you do not take
advantage of the time which is before
you to accomplish your work thor
oughly the possibilities arc that you
will never reach your goal.
Pinal examinations are less than
eight weeks distant. This means that
the semester is more than half over,
and a relatively small portion of time
remains to complete thoroughly all the
work of the term. Some of the stu
dents were .recently surprised that
one or more of the subjects which they
were taking was not up to a passing
grade, when the "smoke-ups" were is
sued last week. The little slips of
paper have no deeper significance than
to point out your deficiencies. It is
often said by students that they would
rather receive a "smoke-up" in the
middle of the term and be able to
brush up in the subject than to think
that their work was satisfactory, and
probably flunk in the long run.
Now is the time for every one to
buckle to. If we intend to make re
spectable passing grades this semes
ter we must make our time count for
something. The tendency is to put off
work as far as possible until the last
two or three weeks, but we usually
find that "the procrastinating man is
ever struggling with ruin." A person
may be able to cram a semester's work
into a fbw days, and pass his examina
tions, but he does not do justice to
himself* nor to those who are making
it possible for him to attend the uni
versity. The knowledge which he ob
tains is likened unto a shadow which
comes quickly, but soon disappears.
Now is the time to make the best of
your opportunities. If you do not take
advantage of the time which is before
you to accomplish your work thor
oughly the possibilities arc that you
will never reach your goal.
Pinal examinations are less than
eight weeks distant. This means that
the semester is more than half over,
and a relatively small portion of time
remains to complete thoroughly all the
work of the term. Some of the stu
dents were .recently surprised that
one or more of the subjects which they
were taking was not up to a passing
grade, when the "smoke-ups" were is
sued last week. The little slips of
paper have no deeper significance than
to point out your deficiencies. It is
often said by students that they would
rather receive a "smoke-up" in the
middle of the term and be able to
brush up in the subject than to think
that their work was satisfactory, and
probably flunk in the long run.
Now is the time for every one to
buckle to. If we intend to make re
spectable passing grades this semes
ter we must make our time count for
something. The tendency is to put off
work as far as possible until the last
two or three weeks, but we usually
find that "the procrastinating man is
ever struggling with ruin." A person
may be able to cram a semester's work
into a fbw days, and pass his examina
tions, but he does not do justice to
himself* nor to those who are making
it possible for him to attend the uni
versity. The knowledge which he ob
tains is likened unto a shadow which
comes quickly, but soon disappears.
Now is the time to make the best of
your opportunities. If you do not take
advantage of the time which is before
you to accomplish your work thor
oughly the possibilities arc that you
will never reach your goal.
Pinal examinations are less than
eight weeks distant. This means that
the semester is more than half over,
and a relatively small portion of time
remains to complete thoroughly all the
work of the term. Some of the stu
dents were .recently surprised that
one or more of the subjects which they
were taking was not up to a passing
grade, when the "smoke-ups" were is
sued last week. The little slips of
paper have no deeper significance than
to point out your deficiencies. It is
often said by students that they would
rather receive a "smoke-up" in the
middle of the term and be able to
brush up in the subject than to think
that their work was satisfactory, and
probably flunk in the long run.
Now is the time for every one to
buckle to. If we intend to make re
spectable passing grades this semes
ter we must make our time count for
something. The tendency is to put off
work as far as possible until the last
two or three weeks, but we usually
find that "the procrastinating man is
ever struggling with ruin." A person
may be able to cram a semester's work
into a fbw days, and pass his examina
tions, but he does not do justice to
himself* nor to those who are making
it possible for him to attend the uni
versity. The knowledge which he ob
tains is likened unto a shadow which
comes quickly, but soon disappears.
Now is the time to make the best of
your opportunities. If you do not take
advantage of the time which is before
you to accomplish your work thor
oughly the possibilities arc that you
will never reach your goal.
Pinal examinations are less than
eight weeks distant. This means that
the semester is more than half over,
and a relatively small portion of time
remains to complete thoroughly all the
work of the term. Some of the stu
dents were .recently surprised that
one or more of the subjects which they
were taking was not up to a passing
grade, when the "smoke-ups" were is
sued last week. The little slips of
paper have no deeper significance than
to point out your deficiencies. It is
often said by students that they would
rather receive a "smoke-up" in the
middle of the term and be able to
brush up in the subject than to think
that their work was satisfactory, and
probably flunk in the long run.
Now is the time for every one to
buckle to. If we intend to make re
spectable passing grades this semes
ter we must make our time count for
something. The tendency is to put off
work as far as possible until the last
two or three weeks, but we usually
find that "the procrastinating man is
ever struggling with ruin." A person
may be able to cram a semester's work
into a fbw days, and pass his examina
tions, but he does not do justice to
himself* nor to those who are making
it possible for him to attend the uni
versity. The knowledge which he ob
tains is likened unto a shadow which
comes quickly, but soon disappears.
Now is the time to make the best of
your opportunities. If you do not take
advantage of the time which is before
you to accomplish your work thor
oughly the possibilities arc that you
will never reach your goal.
Pinal examinations are less than
eight weeks distant. This means that
the semester is more than half over,
and a relatively small portion of time
remains to complete thoroughly all the
work of the term. Some of the stu
dents were .recently surprised that
one or more of the subjects which they
were taking was not up to a passing
grade, when the "smoke-ups" were is
sued last week. The little slips of
paper have no deeper significance than
to point out your deficiencies. It is
often said by students that they would
rather receive a "smoke-up" in the
middle of the term and be able to
brush up in the subject than to think
that their work was satisfactory, and
probably flunk in the long run.
Now is the time for every one to
buckle to. If we intend to make re
spectable passing grades this semes
ter we must make our time count for
something. The tendency is to put off
work as far as possible until the last
two or three weeks, but we usually
find that "the procrastinating man is
ever struggling with ruin." A person
may be able to cram a semester's work
into a fbw days, and pass his examina
tions, but he does not do justice to
himself* nor to those who are making
it possible for him to attend the uni
versity. The knowledge which he ob
tains is likened unto a shadow which
comes quickly, but soon disappears.
Now is the time to make the best of
your opportunities. If you do not take
advantage of the time which is before
you to accomplish your work thor
oughly the possibilities arc that you
will never reach your goal.
Pinal examinations are less than
eight weeks distant. This means that
the semester is more than half over,
and a relatively small portion of time
remains to complete thoroughly all the
work of the term. Some of the stu
dents were .recently surprised that
one or more of the subjects which they
were taking was not up to a passing
grade, when the "smoke-ups" were is
sued last week. The little slips of
paper have no deeper significance than
to point out your deficiencies. It is
often said by students that they would
rather receive a "smoke-up" in the
middle of the term and be able to
brush up in the subject than to think
that their work was satisfactory, and
probably flunk in the long run.
Now is the time for every one to
buckle to. If we intend to make re
spectable passing grades this semes
ter we must make our time count for
something. The tendency is to put off
work as far as possible until the last
two or three weeks, but we usually
find that "the procrastinating man is
ever struggling with ruin." A person
may be able to cram a semester's work
into a fbw days, and pass his examina
tions, but he does not do justice to
himself* nor to those who are making
it possible for him to attend the uni
versity. The knowledge which he ob
tains is likened unto a shadow which
comes quickly, but soon disappears.
Now is the time to make the best of
your opportunities. If you do not take
advantage of the time which is before
you to accomplish your work thor
oughly the possibilities arc that you
will never reach your goal.
Pinal examinations are less than
eight weeks distant. This means that
the semester is more than half over,
and a relatively small portion of time
remains to complete thoroughly all the
work of the term. Some of the stu
dents were .recently surprised that
one or more of the subjects which they
were taking was not up to a passing
grade, when the "smoke-ups" were is
sued last week. The little slips of
paper have no deeper significance than
to point out your deficiencies. It is
often said by students that they would
rather receive a "smoke-up" in the
middle of the term and be able to
brush up in the subject than to think
that their work was satisfactory, and
probably flunk in the long run.
Now is the time for every one to
buckle to. If we intend to make re
spectable passing grades this semes
ter we must make our time count for
something. The tendency is to put off
work as far as possible until the last
two or three weeks, but we usually
find that "the procrastinating man is
ever struggling with ruin." A person
may be able to cram a semester's work
into a fbw days, and pass his examina
tions, but he does not do justice to
himself* nor to those who are making
it possible for him to attend the uni
versity. The knowledge which he ob
tains is likened unto a shadow which
comes quickly, but soon disappears.
Now is the time to make the best of
your opportunities. If you do not take
advantage of the time which is before
you to accomplish your work thor
oughly the possibilities arc that you
will never reach your goal.
Pinal examinations are less than
eight weeks distant. This means that
the semester is more than half over,
and a relatively small portion of time
remains to complete thoroughly all the
work of the term. Some of the stu
dents were .recently surprised that
one or more of the subjects which they
were taking was not up to a passing
grade, when the "smoke-ups" were is
sued last week. The little slips of
paper have no deeper significance than
to point out your deficiencies. It is
often said by students that they would
rather receive a "smoke-up" in the
middle of the term and be able to
brush up in the subject than to think
that their work was satisfactory, and
probably flunk in the long run.
Now is the time for every one to
buckle to. If we intend to make re
spectable passing grades this semes
ter we must make our time count for
something. The tendency is to put off
work as far as possible until the last
two or three weeks, but we usually
find that "the procrastinating man is
ever struggling with ruin." A person
may be able to cram a semester's work
into a fbw days, and pass his examina
tions, but he does not do justice to
himself* nor to those who are making
it possible for him to attend the uni
versity. The knowledge which he ob
tains is likened unto a shadow which
comes quickly, but soon disappears.
Now is the time to make the best of
your opportunities. If you do not take
advantage of the time which is before
you to accomplish your work thor
oughly the possibilities arc that you
will never reach your goal.
