# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Tri-State college conferences have
voted to make athetic work compul
sory for men students during the
period of the war, as a means of pro
moting intercollegiate competition
rather than curtailing it because of
the war.
Tri-State college conferences have
voted to make athetic work compul
sory for men students during the
period of the war, as a means of pro
moting intercollegiate competition
rather than curtailing it because of
the war.
Tri-State college conferences have
voted to make athetic work compul
sory for men students during the
period of the war, as a means of pro
moting intercollegiate competition
rather than curtailing it because of
the war.
Tri-State college conferences have
voted to make athetic work compul
sory for men students during the
period of the war, as a means of pro
moting intercollegiate competition
rather than curtailing it because of
the war.
Tri-State college conferences have
voted to make athetic work compul
sory for men students during the
period of the war, as a means of pro
moting intercollegiate competition
rather than curtailing it because of
the war.
Tri-State college conferences have
voted to make athetic work compul
sory for men students during the
period of the war, as a means of pro
moting intercollegiate competition
rather than curtailing it because of
the war.
Tri-State college conferences have
voted to make athetic work compul
sory for men students during the
period of the war, as a means of pro
moting intercollegiate competition
rather than curtailing it because of
the war.
Tri-State college conferences have
voted to make athetic work compul
sory for men students during the
period of the war, as a means of pro
moting intercollegiate competition
rather than curtailing it because of
the war.
Tri-State college conferences have
voted to make athetic work compul
sory for men students during the
period of the war, as a means of pro
moting intercollegiate competition
rather than curtailing it because of
the war.
Tri-State college conferences have
voted to make athetic work compul
sory for men students during the
period of the war, as a means of pro
moting intercollegiate competition
rather than curtailing it because of
the war.
Tri-State college conferences have
voted to make athetic work compul
sory for men students during the
period of the war, as a means of pro
moting intercollegiate competition
rather than curtailing it because of
the war.
Tri-State college conferences have
voted to make athetic work compul
sory for men students during the
period of the war, as a means of pro
moting intercollegiate competition
rather than curtailing it because of
the war.
Tri-State college conferences have
voted to make athetic work compul
sory for men students during the
period of the war, as a means of pro
moting intercollegiate competition
rather than curtailing it because of
the war.
Tri-State college conferences have
voted to make athetic work compul
sory for men students during the
period of the war, as a means of pro
moting intercollegiate competition
rather than curtailing it because of
the war.
Tri-State college conferences have
voted to make athetic work compul
sory for men students during the
period of the war, as a means of pro
moting intercollegiate competition
rather than curtailing it because of
the war.
