# Adv. 8 Page 4
## 
### 
FREE HAMBURGER!
! ILiitJ** j
MENLO PARK
.
El Camino at Oakgrove ,
Present this Coupon when you
purchase one of our 57 vari '
eties of
"THE HAMBURGER"
and receive a comparable
Hamburger Free for your
guest.
Coupon good on Monday's,
Tuesday's, and Wednesday's
on| y. s J
FREE HAMBURGER!
! ILiitJ** j
MENLO PARK
.
El Camino at Oakgrove ,
Present this Coupon when you
purchase one of our 57 vari '
eties of
"THE HAMBURGER"
and receive a comparable
Hamburger Free for your
guest.
Coupon good on Monday's,
Tuesday's, and Wednesday's
on| y. s J
FREE HAMBURGER!
! ILiitJ** j
MENLO PARK
.
El Camino at Oakgrove ,
Present this Coupon when you
purchase one of our 57 vari '
eties of
"THE HAMBURGER"
and receive a comparable
Hamburger Free for your
guest.
Coupon good on Monday's,
Tuesday's, and Wednesday's
on| y. s J
FREE HAMBURGER!
! ILiitJ** j
MENLO PARK
.
El Camino at Oakgrove ,
Present this Coupon when you
purchase one of our 57 vari '
eties of
"THE HAMBURGER"
and receive a comparable
Hamburger Free for your
guest.
Coupon good on Monday's,
Tuesday's, and Wednesday's
on| y. s J
FREE HAMBURGER!
! ILiitJ** j
MENLO PARK
.
El Camino at Oakgrove ,
Present this Coupon when you
purchase one of our 57 vari '
eties of
"THE HAMBURGER"
and receive a comparable
Hamburger Free for your
guest.
Coupon good on Monday's,
Tuesday's, and Wednesday's
on| y. s J
FREE HAMBURGER!
! ILiitJ** j
MENLO PARK
.
El Camino at Oakgrove ,
Present this Coupon when you
purchase one of our 57 vari '
eties of
"THE HAMBURGER"
and receive a comparable
Hamburger Free for your
guest.
Coupon good on Monday's,
Tuesday's, and Wednesday's
on| y. s J
FREE HAMBURGER!
! ILiitJ** j
MENLO PARK
.
El Camino at Oakgrove ,
Present this Coupon when you
purchase one of our 57 vari '
eties of
"THE HAMBURGER"
and receive a comparable
Hamburger Free for your
guest.
Coupon good on Monday's,
Tuesday's, and Wednesday's
on| y. s J
FREE HAMBURGER!
! ILiitJ** j
MENLO PARK
.
El Camino at Oakgrove ,
Present this Coupon when you
purchase one of our 57 vari '
eties of
"THE HAMBURGER"
and receive a comparable
Hamburger Free for your
guest.
Coupon good on Monday's,
Tuesday's, and Wednesday's
on| y. s J
FREE HAMBURGER!
! ILiitJ** j
MENLO PARK
.
El Camino at Oakgrove ,
Present this Coupon when you
purchase one of our 57 vari '
eties of
"THE HAMBURGER"
and receive a comparable
Hamburger Free for your
guest.
Coupon good on Monday's,
Tuesday's, and Wednesday's
on| y. s J
FREE HAMBURGER!
! ILiitJ** j
MENLO PARK
.
El Camino at Oakgrove ,
Present this Coupon when you
purchase one of our 57 vari '
eties of
"THE HAMBURGER"
and receive a comparable
Hamburger Free for your
guest.
Coupon good on Monday's,
Tuesday's, and Wednesday's
on| y. s J
FREE HAMBURGER!
! ILiitJ** j
MENLO PARK
.
El Camino at Oakgrove ,
Present this Coupon when you
purchase one of our 57 vari '
eties of
"THE HAMBURGER"
and receive a comparable
Hamburger Free for your
guest.
Coupon good on Monday's,
Tuesday's, and Wednesday's
on| y. s J
FREE HAMBURGER!
! ILiitJ** j
MENLO PARK
.
El Camino at Oakgrove ,
Present this Coupon when you
purchase one of our 57 vari '
eties of
"THE HAMBURGER"
and receive a comparable
Hamburger Free for your
guest.
Coupon good on Monday's,
Tuesday's, and Wednesday's
on| y. s J
FREE HAMBURGER!
! ILiitJ** j
MENLO PARK
.
El Camino at Oakgrove ,
Present this Coupon when you
purchase one of our 57 vari '
eties of
"THE HAMBURGER"
and receive a comparable
Hamburger Free for your
guest.
Coupon good on Monday's,
Tuesday's, and Wednesday's
on| y. s J
FREE HAMBURGER!
! ILiitJ** j
MENLO PARK
.
El Camino at Oakgrove ,
Present this Coupon when you
purchase one of our 57 vari '
eties of
"THE HAMBURGER"
and receive a comparable
Hamburger Free for your
guest.
Coupon good on Monday's,
Tuesday's, and Wednesday's
on| y. s J
