# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Today is a day for almost
everyone to remember The
athletic department and
President Pitzer are fondly
recalling that 140 years ago
today Joseph Smith founded
the Mormon Church
Warmongers relish this date
because in IVI 7 we entered
World War I (you remember
'the war to end all wars') 53
years ago And racists of all
persuasions fondly remember
the 1713 slave rebellion in
New York: 21 blacks were
executed as a result
If you d like to report any
history-making events in the
offing why not call our
editorial offices at 321-2300
\4632' For reporting more
mundane matters, try our
business office at 327-4150
Today is a day for almost
everyone to remember The
athletic department and
President Pitzer are fondly
recalling that 140 years ago
today Joseph Smith founded
the Mormon Church
Warmongers relish this date
because in IVI 7 we entered
World War I (you remember
'the war to end all wars') 53
years ago And racists of all
persuasions fondly remember
the 1713 slave rebellion in
New York: 21 blacks were
executed as a result
If you d like to report any
history-making events in the
offing why not call our
editorial offices at 321-2300
\4632' For reporting more
mundane matters, try our
business office at 327-4150
Today is a day for almost
everyone to remember The
athletic department and
President Pitzer are fondly
recalling that 140 years ago
today Joseph Smith founded
the Mormon Church
Warmongers relish this date
because in IVI 7 we entered
World War I (you remember
'the war to end all wars') 53
years ago And racists of all
persuasions fondly remember
the 1713 slave rebellion in
New York: 21 blacks were
executed as a result
If you d like to report any
history-making events in the
offing why not call our
editorial offices at 321-2300
\4632' For reporting more
mundane matters, try our
business office at 327-4150
Today is a day for almost
everyone to remember The
athletic department and
President Pitzer are fondly
recalling that 140 years ago
today Joseph Smith founded
the Mormon Church
Warmongers relish this date
because in IVI 7 we entered
World War I (you remember
'the war to end all wars') 53
years ago And racists of all
persuasions fondly remember
the 1713 slave rebellion in
New York: 21 blacks were
executed as a result
If you d like to report any
history-making events in the
offing why not call our
editorial offices at 321-2300
\4632' For reporting more
mundane matters, try our
business office at 327-4150
Today is a day for almost
everyone to remember The
athletic department and
President Pitzer are fondly
recalling that 140 years ago
today Joseph Smith founded
the Mormon Church
Warmongers relish this date
because in IVI 7 we entered
World War I (you remember
'the war to end all wars') 53
years ago And racists of all
persuasions fondly remember
the 1713 slave rebellion in
New York: 21 blacks were
executed as a result
If you d like to report any
history-making events in the
offing why not call our
editorial offices at 321-2300
\4632' For reporting more
mundane matters, try our
business office at 327-4150
Today is a day for almost
everyone to remember The
athletic department and
President Pitzer are fondly
recalling that 140 years ago
today Joseph Smith founded
the Mormon Church
Warmongers relish this date
because in IVI 7 we entered
World War I (you remember
'the war to end all wars') 53
years ago And racists of all
persuasions fondly remember
the 1713 slave rebellion in
New York: 21 blacks were
executed as a result
If you d like to report any
history-making events in the
offing why not call our
editorial offices at 321-2300
\4632' For reporting more
mundane matters, try our
business office at 327-4150
Today is a day for almost
everyone to remember The
athletic department and
President Pitzer are fondly
recalling that 140 years ago
today Joseph Smith founded
the Mormon Church
Warmongers relish this date
because in IVI 7 we entered
World War I (you remember
'the war to end all wars') 53
years ago And racists of all
persuasions fondly remember
the 1713 slave rebellion in
New York: 21 blacks were
executed as a result
If you d like to report any
history-making events in the
offing why not call our
editorial offices at 321-2300
\4632' For reporting more
mundane matters, try our
business office at 327-4150
Today is a day for almost
everyone to remember The
athletic department and
President Pitzer are fondly
recalling that 140 years ago
today Joseph Smith founded
the Mormon Church
Warmongers relish this date
because in IVI 7 we entered
World War I (you remember
'the war to end all wars') 53
years ago And racists of all
persuasions fondly remember
the 1713 slave rebellion in
New York: 21 blacks were
executed as a result
If you d like to report any
history-making events in the
offing why not call our
editorial offices at 321-2300
\4632' For reporting more
mundane matters, try our
business office at 327-4150
Today is a day for almost
everyone to remember The
athletic department and
President Pitzer are fondly
recalling that 140 years ago
today Joseph Smith founded
the Mormon Church
Warmongers relish this date
because in IVI 7 we entered
World War I (you remember
'the war to end all wars') 53
years ago And racists of all
persuasions fondly remember
the 1713 slave rebellion in
New York: 21 blacks were
executed as a result
If you d like to report any
history-making events in the
offing why not call our
editorial offices at 321-2300
\4632' For reporting more
mundane matters, try our
business office at 327-4150
Today is a day for almost
everyone to remember The
athletic department and
President Pitzer are fondly
recalling that 140 years ago
today Joseph Smith founded
the Mormon Church
Warmongers relish this date
because in IVI 7 we entered
World War I (you remember
'the war to end all wars') 53
years ago And racists of all
persuasions fondly remember
the 1713 slave rebellion in
New York: 21 blacks were
executed as a result
If you d like to report any
history-making events in the
offing why not call our
editorial offices at 321-2300
\4632' For reporting more
mundane matters, try our
business office at 327-4150
Today is a day for almost
everyone to remember The
athletic department and
President Pitzer are fondly
recalling that 140 years ago
today Joseph Smith founded
the Mormon Church
Warmongers relish this date
because in IVI 7 we entered
World War I (you remember
'the war to end all wars') 53
years ago And racists of all
persuasions fondly remember
the 1713 slave rebellion in
New York: 21 blacks were
executed as a result
If you d like to report any
history-making events in the
offing why not call our
editorial offices at 321-2300
\4632' For reporting more
mundane matters, try our
business office at 327-4150
Today is a day for almost
everyone to remember The
athletic department and
President Pitzer are fondly
recalling that 140 years ago
today Joseph Smith founded
the Mormon Church
Warmongers relish this date
because in IVI 7 we entered
World War I (you remember
'the war to end all wars') 53
years ago And racists of all
persuasions fondly remember
the 1713 slave rebellion in
New York: 21 blacks were
executed as a result
If you d like to report any
history-making events in the
offing why not call our
editorial offices at 321-2300
\4632' For reporting more
mundane matters, try our
business office at 327-4150
Today is a day for almost
everyone to remember The
athletic department and
President Pitzer are fondly
recalling that 140 years ago
today Joseph Smith founded
the Mormon Church
Warmongers relish this date
because in IVI 7 we entered
World War I (you remember
'the war to end all wars') 53
years ago And racists of all
persuasions fondly remember
the 1713 slave rebellion in
New York: 21 blacks were
executed as a result
If you d like to report any
history-making events in the
offing why not call our
editorial offices at 321-2300
\4632' For reporting more
mundane matters, try our
business office at 327-4150
Today is a day for almost
everyone to remember The
athletic department and
President Pitzer are fondly
recalling that 140 years ago
today Joseph Smith founded
the Mormon Church
Warmongers relish this date
because in IVI 7 we entered
World War I (you remember
'the war to end all wars') 53
years ago And racists of all
persuasions fondly remember
the 1713 slave rebellion in
New York: 21 blacks were
executed as a result
If you d like to report any
history-making events in the
offing why not call our
editorial offices at 321-2300
\4632' For reporting more
mundane matters, try our
business office at 327-4150
