# Adv. 5 Page 1
## 
### 
Out Here in the West,
son, in a small town
in Oregon, to be
exact, an outfit pro
duces perhaps the
finest outdoor shirts
in the business.
Pendleton’s the name,
son. And they run up
great 100% wool
flannel shirts, the end
or campus wear, in
stadium or sports car.
Only eastern influence
is the button-down
collar. Handsome
tartans (plaids to you)
at 14.95, and a large
assortment of solid
colors at 12.95.
At R A, now.
rqos/atkins
Out Here in the West,
son, in a small town
in Oregon, to be
exact, an outfit pro
duces perhaps the
finest outdoor shirts
in the business.
Pendleton’s the name,
son. And they run up
great 100% wool
flannel shirts, the end
or campus wear, in
stadium or sports car.
Only eastern influence
is the button-down
collar. Handsome
tartans (plaids to you)
at 14.95, and a large
assortment of solid
colors at 12.95.
At R A, now.
rqos/atkins
Out Here in the West,
son, in a small town
in Oregon, to be
exact, an outfit pro
duces perhaps the
finest outdoor shirts
in the business.
Pendleton’s the name,
son. And they run up
great 100% wool
flannel shirts, the end
or campus wear, in
stadium or sports car.
Only eastern influence
is the button-down
collar. Handsome
tartans (plaids to you)
at 14.95, and a large
assortment of solid
colors at 12.95.
At R A, now.
rqos/atkins
Out Here in the West,
son, in a small town
in Oregon, to be
exact, an outfit pro
duces perhaps the
finest outdoor shirts
in the business.
Pendleton’s the name,
son. And they run up
great 100% wool
flannel shirts, the end
or campus wear, in
stadium or sports car.
Only eastern influence
is the button-down
collar. Handsome
tartans (plaids to you)
at 14.95, and a large
assortment of solid
colors at 12.95.
At R A, now.
rqos/atkins
Out Here in the West,
son, in a small town
in Oregon, to be
exact, an outfit pro
duces perhaps the
finest outdoor shirts
in the business.
Pendleton’s the name,
son. And they run up
great 100% wool
flannel shirts, the end
or campus wear, in
stadium or sports car.
Only eastern influence
is the button-down
collar. Handsome
tartans (plaids to you)
at 14.95, and a large
assortment of solid
colors at 12.95.
At R A, now.
rqos/atkins
Out Here in the West,
son, in a small town
in Oregon, to be
exact, an outfit pro
duces perhaps the
finest outdoor shirts
in the business.
Pendleton’s the name,
son. And they run up
great 100% wool
flannel shirts, the end
or campus wear, in
stadium or sports car.
Only eastern influence
is the button-down
collar. Handsome
tartans (plaids to you)
at 14.95, and a large
assortment of solid
colors at 12.95.
At R A, now.
rqos/atkins
Out Here in the West,
son, in a small town
in Oregon, to be
exact, an outfit pro
duces perhaps the
finest outdoor shirts
in the business.
Pendleton’s the name,
son. And they run up
great 100% wool
flannel shirts, the end
or campus wear, in
stadium or sports car.
Only eastern influence
is the button-down
collar. Handsome
tartans (plaids to you)
at 14.95, and a large
assortment of solid
colors at 12.95.
At R A, now.
rqos/atkins
Out Here in the West,
son, in a small town
in Oregon, to be
exact, an outfit pro
duces perhaps the
finest outdoor shirts
in the business.
Pendleton’s the name,
son. And they run up
great 100% wool
flannel shirts, the end
or campus wear, in
stadium or sports car.
Only eastern influence
is the button-down
collar. Handsome
tartans (plaids to you)
at 14.95, and a large
assortment of solid
colors at 12.95.
At R A, now.
rqos/atkins
Out Here in the West,
son, in a small town
in Oregon, to be
exact, an outfit pro
duces perhaps the
finest outdoor shirts
in the business.
Pendleton’s the name,
son. And they run up
great 100% wool
flannel shirts, the end
or campus wear, in
stadium or sports car.
Only eastern influence
is the button-down
collar. Handsome
tartans (plaids to you)
at 14.95, and a large
assortment of solid
colors at 12.95.
At R A, now.
rqos/atkins
Out Here in the West,
son, in a small town
in Oregon, to be
exact, an outfit pro
duces perhaps the
finest outdoor shirts
in the business.
Pendleton’s the name,
son. And they run up
great 100% wool
flannel shirts, the end
or campus wear, in
stadium or sports car.
Only eastern influence
is the button-down
collar. Handsome
tartans (plaids to you)
at 14.95, and a large
assortment of solid
colors at 12.95.
At R A, now.
rqos/atkins
Out Here in the West,
son, in a small town
in Oregon, to be
exact, an outfit pro
duces perhaps the
finest outdoor shirts
in the business.
Pendleton’s the name,
son. And they run up
great 100% wool
flannel shirts, the end
or campus wear, in
stadium or sports car.
Only eastern influence
is the button-down
collar. Handsome
tartans (plaids to you)
at 14.95, and a large
assortment of solid
colors at 12.95.
At R A, now.
rqos/atkins
Out Here in the West,
son, in a small town
in Oregon, to be
exact, an outfit pro
duces perhaps the
finest outdoor shirts
in the business.
Pendleton’s the name,
son. And they run up
great 100% wool
flannel shirts, the end
or campus wear, in
stadium or sports car.
Only eastern influence
is the button-down
collar. Handsome
tartans (plaids to you)
at 14.95, and a large
assortment of solid
colors at 12.95.
At R A, now.
rqos/atkins
Out Here in the West,
son, in a small town
in Oregon, to be
exact, an outfit pro
duces perhaps the
finest outdoor shirts
in the business.
Pendleton’s the name,
son. And they run up
great 100% wool
flannel shirts, the end
or campus wear, in
stadium or sports car.
Only eastern influence
is the button-down
collar. Handsome
tartans (plaids to you)
at 14.95, and a large
assortment of solid
colors at 12.95.
At R A, now.
rqos/atkins
Out Here in the West,
son, in a small town
in Oregon, to be
exact, an outfit pro
duces perhaps the
finest outdoor shirts
in the business.
Pendleton’s the name,
son. And they run up
great 100% wool
flannel shirts, the end
or campus wear, in
stadium or sports car.
Only eastern influence
is the button-down
collar. Handsome
tartans (plaids to you)
at 14.95, and a large
assortment of solid
colors at 12.95.
At R A, now.
rqos/atkins
Out Here in the West,
son, in a small town
in Oregon, to be
exact, an outfit pro
duces perhaps the
finest outdoor shirts
in the business.
Pendleton’s the name,
son. And they run up
great 100% wool
flannel shirts, the end
or campus wear, in
stadium or sports car.
Only eastern influence
is the button-down
collar. Handsome
tartans (plaids to you)
at 14.95, and a large
assortment of solid
colors at 12.95.
At R A, now.
rqos/atkins
Out Here in the West,
son, in a small town
in Oregon, to be
exact, an outfit pro
duces perhaps the
finest outdoor shirts
in the business.
Pendleton’s the name,
son. And they run up
great 100% wool
flannel shirts, the end
or campus wear, in
stadium or sports car.
Only eastern influence
is the button-down
collar. Handsome
tartans (plaids to you)
at 14.95, and a large
assortment of solid
colors at 12.95.
At R A, now.
rqos/atkins
Out Here in the West,
son, in a small town
in Oregon, to be
exact, an outfit pro
duces perhaps the
finest outdoor shirts
in the business.
Pendleton’s the name,
son. And they run up
great 100% wool
flannel shirts, the end
or campus wear, in
stadium or sports car.
Only eastern influence
is the button-down
collar. Handsome
tartans (plaids to you)
at 14.95, and a large
assortment of solid
colors at 12.95.
At R A, now.
rqos/atkins
