# LETTERS
## 
### 
Editor, The Daily:
True to prediction, the furor
concerning Legislature’s discus
sion of seating at football games,
Rally Com. and card stunts has
reached epic proportion. I, as a
member of this distasteful group
iLASSU) would like to add my
comments. Legislature’s recom
mendation to officially allow
women to sit with men, and vice
versa at. football games should
not be considered as a diabolical
plot to strip students of their
rights. No strict enforcement was
implied in the suggestion, but it
is hoped that the stands will bo
gradually integrated, and some of
the unnecessary obscenity elimi
nated.

No one can predict the outcome
of tonight’s discussion of the fate
of the hapless Rally Com, but
speaking as one of twenty-six, I
would prefer that it were not dis
cussed at all. The attempt on the
part of many students to better
the academic atmosphere around
Stanford is certainly an admira
ble one, and I applaud it. How
ever, the attitude that all organi
zations which do not serve as shin
ing examples of Intellectual
Pursuit should be immediately
abolished cannot accomplish any
thing more than creating even a
bigger series of obstacles for
Legislature to leap over, slide
around or crawl under as the
case may be. The problem that
LASSU is so nobly attempting to
deal with, unfortunately does not
and never has had its roots in
Rally Com and card stunts. Per
haps the problem is connected
with Oedipus complexes or late
weaning, but what ever it is, it
cannot be solved by annihilating
Rally Com.
It is my suggestion therefore,
that Legislature devote itself to
more constructive activities such
as building up a stronger series
of student committees to work
with the faculty on undergradu
ate education, such as clarifying
and understanding the issue of
partisan politics on campus, such
as setting up a really compre
hensive scratch sheet of profes
sors, courses, and student opinion
concerning them. Poli U„ the dele
gation to the NSA, and the dele
gation to the Communist Youth
Festival, have begun to stir up
activity for worthwhile causes
and it seems more than unfor
tunate to me that LASSU finds
itself unable to follow their ex
ample.
Kathy Reap
Editor, The Daily:
True to prediction, the furor
concerning Legislature’s discus
sion of seating at football games,
Rally Com. and card stunts has
reached epic proportion. I, as a
member of this distasteful group
iLASSU) would like to add my
comments. Legislature’s recom
mendation to officially allow
women to sit with men, and vice
versa at. football games should
not be considered as a diabolical
plot to strip students of their
rights. No strict enforcement was
implied in the suggestion, but it
is hoped that the stands will bo
gradually integrated, and some of
the unnecessary obscenity elimi
nated.

No one can predict the outcome
of tonight’s discussion of the fate
of the hapless Rally Com, but
speaking as one of twenty-six, I
would prefer that it were not dis
cussed at all. The attempt on the
part of many students to better
the academic atmosphere around
Stanford is certainly an admira
ble one, and I applaud it. How
ever, the attitude that all organi
zations which do not serve as shin
ing examples of Intellectual
Pursuit should be immediately
abolished cannot accomplish any
thing more than creating even a
bigger series of obstacles for
Legislature to leap over, slide
around or crawl under as the
case may be. The problem that
LASSU is so nobly attempting to
deal with, unfortunately does not
and never has had its roots in
Rally Com and card stunts. Per
haps the problem is connected
with Oedipus complexes or late
weaning, but what ever it is, it
cannot be solved by annihilating
Rally Com.
It is my suggestion therefore,
that Legislature devote itself to
more constructive activities such
as building up a stronger series
of student committees to work
with the faculty on undergradu
ate education, such as clarifying
and understanding the issue of
partisan politics on campus, such
as setting up a really compre
hensive scratch sheet of profes
sors, courses, and student opinion
concerning them. Poli U„ the dele
gation to the NSA, and the dele
gation to the Communist Youth
Festival, have begun to stir up
activity for worthwhile causes
and it seems more than unfor
tunate to me that LASSU finds
itself unable to follow their ex
ample.
Kathy Reap
Editor, The Daily:
True to prediction, the furor
concerning Legislature’s discus
sion of seating at football games,
Rally Com. and card stunts has
reached epic proportion. I, as a
member of this distasteful group
iLASSU) would like to add my
comments. Legislature’s recom
mendation to officially allow
women to sit with men, and vice
versa at. football games should
not be considered as a diabolical
plot to strip students of their
rights. No strict enforcement was
implied in the suggestion, but it
is hoped that the stands will bo
gradually integrated, and some of
the unnecessary obscenity elimi
nated.

No one can predict the outcome
of tonight’s discussion of the fate
of the hapless Rally Com, but
speaking as one of twenty-six, I
would prefer that it were not dis
cussed at all. The attempt on the
part of many students to better
the academic atmosphere around
Stanford is certainly an admira
ble one, and I applaud it. How
ever, the attitude that all organi
zations which do not serve as shin
ing examples of Intellectual
Pursuit should be immediately
abolished cannot accomplish any
thing more than creating even a
bigger series of obstacles for
Legislature to leap over, slide
around or crawl under as the
case may be. The problem that
LASSU is so nobly attempting to
deal with, unfortunately does not
and never has had its roots in
Rally Com and card stunts. Per
haps the problem is connected
with Oedipus complexes or late
weaning, but what ever it is, it
cannot be solved by annihilating
Rally Com.
It is my suggestion therefore,
that Legislature devote itself to
more constructive activities such
as building up a stronger series
of student committees to work
with the faculty on undergradu
ate education, such as clarifying
and understanding the issue of
partisan politics on campus, such
as setting up a really compre
hensive scratch sheet of profes
sors, courses, and student opinion
concerning them. Poli U„ the dele
gation to the NSA, and the dele
gation to the Communist Youth
Festival, have begun to stir up
activity for worthwhile causes
and it seems more than unfor
tunate to me that LASSU finds
itself unable to follow their ex
ample.
Kathy Reap
Editor, The Daily:
True to prediction, the furor
concerning Legislature’s discus
sion of seating at football games,
Rally Com. and card stunts has
reached epic proportion. I, as a
member of this distasteful group
iLASSU) would like to add my
comments. Legislature’s recom
mendation to officially allow
women to sit with men, and vice
versa at. football games should
not be considered as a diabolical
plot to strip students of their
rights. No strict enforcement was
implied in the suggestion, but it
is hoped that the stands will bo
gradually integrated, and some of
the unnecessary obscenity elimi
nated.

No one can predict the outcome
of tonight’s discussion of the fate
of the hapless Rally Com, but
speaking as one of twenty-six, I
would prefer that it were not dis
cussed at all. The attempt on the
part of many students to better
the academic atmosphere around
Stanford is certainly an admira
ble one, and I applaud it. How
ever, the attitude that all organi
zations which do not serve as shin
ing examples of Intellectual
Pursuit should be immediately
abolished cannot accomplish any
thing more than creating even a
bigger series of obstacles for
Legislature to leap over, slide
around or crawl under as the
case may be. The problem that
LASSU is so nobly attempting to
deal with, unfortunately does not
and never has had its roots in
Rally Com and card stunts. Per
haps the problem is connected
with Oedipus complexes or late
weaning, but what ever it is, it
cannot be solved by annihilating
Rally Com.
It is my suggestion therefore,
that Legislature devote itself to
more constructive activities such
as building up a stronger series
of student committees to work
with the faculty on undergradu
ate education, such as clarifying
and understanding the issue of
partisan politics on campus, such
as setting up a really compre
hensive scratch sheet of profes
sors, courses, and student opinion
concerning them. Poli U„ the dele
gation to the NSA, and the dele
gation to the Communist Youth
Festival, have begun to stir up
activity for worthwhile causes
and it seems more than unfor
tunate to me that LASSU finds
itself unable to follow their ex
ample.
Kathy Reap
Editor, The Daily:
True to prediction, the furor
concerning Legislature’s discus
sion of seating at football games,
Rally Com. and card stunts has
reached epic proportion. I, as a
member of this distasteful group
iLASSU) would like to add my
comments. Legislature’s recom
mendation to officially allow
women to sit with men, and vice
versa at. football games should
not be considered as a diabolical
plot to strip students of their
rights. No strict enforcement was
implied in the suggestion, but it
is hoped that the stands will bo
gradually integrated, and some of
the unnecessary obscenity elimi
nated.

No one can predict the outcome
of tonight’s discussion of the fate
of the hapless Rally Com, but
speaking as one of twenty-six, I
would prefer that it were not dis
cussed at all. The attempt on the
part of many students to better
the academic atmosphere around
Stanford is certainly an admira
ble one, and I applaud it. How
ever, the attitude that all organi
zations which do not serve as shin
ing examples of Intellectual
Pursuit should be immediately
abolished cannot accomplish any
thing more than creating even a
bigger series of obstacles for
Legislature to leap over, slide
around or crawl under as the
case may be. The problem that
LASSU is so nobly attempting to
deal with, unfortunately does not
and never has had its roots in
Rally Com and card stunts. Per
haps the problem is connected
with Oedipus complexes or late
weaning, but what ever it is, it
cannot be solved by annihilating
Rally Com.
It is my suggestion therefore,
that Legislature devote itself to
more constructive activities such
as building up a stronger series
of student committees to work
with the faculty on undergradu
ate education, such as clarifying
and understanding the issue of
partisan politics on campus, such
as setting up a really compre
hensive scratch sheet of profes
sors, courses, and student opinion
concerning them. Poli U„ the dele
gation to the NSA, and the dele
gation to the Communist Youth
Festival, have begun to stir up
activity for worthwhile causes
and it seems more than unfor
tunate to me that LASSU finds
itself unable to follow their ex
ample.
Kathy Reap
Editor, The Daily:
True to prediction, the furor
concerning Legislature’s discus
sion of seating at football games,
Rally Com. and card stunts has
reached epic proportion. I, as a
member of this distasteful group
iLASSU) would like to add my
comments. Legislature’s recom
mendation to officially allow
women to sit with men, and vice
versa at. football games should
not be considered as a diabolical
plot to strip students of their
rights. No strict enforcement was
implied in the suggestion, but it
is hoped that the stands will bo
gradually integrated, and some of
the unnecessary obscenity elimi
nated.

No one can predict the outcome
of tonight’s discussion of the fate
of the hapless Rally Com, but
speaking as one of twenty-six, I
would prefer that it were not dis
cussed at all. The attempt on the
part of many students to better
the academic atmosphere around
Stanford is certainly an admira
ble one, and I applaud it. How
ever, the attitude that all organi
zations which do not serve as shin
ing examples of Intellectual
Pursuit should be immediately
abolished cannot accomplish any
thing more than creating even a
bigger series of obstacles for
Legislature to leap over, slide
around or crawl under as the
case may be. The problem that
LASSU is so nobly attempting to
deal with, unfortunately does not
and never has had its roots in
Rally Com and card stunts. Per
haps the problem is connected
with Oedipus complexes or late
weaning, but what ever it is, it
cannot be solved by annihilating
Rally Com.
It is my suggestion therefore,
that Legislature devote itself to
more constructive activities such
as building up a stronger series
of student committees to work
with the faculty on undergradu
ate education, such as clarifying
and understanding the issue of
partisan politics on campus, such
as setting up a really compre
hensive scratch sheet of profes
sors, courses, and student opinion
concerning them. Poli U„ the dele
gation to the NSA, and the dele
gation to the Communist Youth
Festival, have begun to stir up
activity for worthwhile causes
and it seems more than unfor
tunate to me that LASSU finds
itself unable to follow their ex
ample.
Kathy Reap
Editor, The Daily:
True to prediction, the furor
concerning Legislature’s discus
sion of seating at football games,
Rally Com. and card stunts has
reached epic proportion. I, as a
member of this distasteful group
iLASSU) would like to add my
comments. Legislature’s recom
mendation to officially allow
women to sit with men, and vice
versa at. football games should
not be considered as a diabolical
plot to strip students of their
rights. No strict enforcement was
implied in the suggestion, but it
is hoped that the stands will bo
gradually integrated, and some of
the unnecessary obscenity elimi
nated.

No one can predict the outcome
of tonight’s discussion of the fate
of the hapless Rally Com, but
speaking as one of twenty-six, I
would prefer that it were not dis
cussed at all. The attempt on the
part of many students to better
the academic atmosphere around
Stanford is certainly an admira
ble one, and I applaud it. How
ever, the attitude that all organi
zations which do not serve as shin
ing examples of Intellectual
Pursuit should be immediately
abolished cannot accomplish any
thing more than creating even a
bigger series of obstacles for
Legislature to leap over, slide
around or crawl under as the
case may be. The problem that
LASSU is so nobly attempting to
deal with, unfortunately does not
and never has had its roots in
Rally Com and card stunts. Per
haps the problem is connected
with Oedipus complexes or late
weaning, but what ever it is, it
cannot be solved by annihilating
Rally Com.
It is my suggestion therefore,
that Legislature devote itself to
more constructive activities such
as building up a stronger series
of student committees to work
with the faculty on undergradu
ate education, such as clarifying
and understanding the issue of
partisan politics on campus, such
as setting up a really compre
hensive scratch sheet of profes
sors, courses, and student opinion
concerning them. Poli U„ the dele
gation to the NSA, and the dele
gation to the Communist Youth
Festival, have begun to stir up
activity for worthwhile causes
and it seems more than unfor
tunate to me that LASSU finds
itself unable to follow their ex
ample.
Kathy Reap
Editor, The Daily:
True to prediction, the furor
concerning Legislature’s discus
sion of seating at football games,
Rally Com. and card stunts has
reached epic proportion. I, as a
member of this distasteful group
iLASSU) would like to add my
comments. Legislature’s recom
mendation to officially allow
women to sit with men, and vice
versa at. football games should
not be considered as a diabolical
plot to strip students of their
rights. No strict enforcement was
implied in the suggestion, but it
is hoped that the stands will bo
gradually integrated, and some of
the unnecessary obscenity elimi
nated.

No one can predict the outcome
of tonight’s discussion of the fate
of the hapless Rally Com, but
speaking as one of twenty-six, I
would prefer that it were not dis
cussed at all. The attempt on the
part of many students to better
the academic atmosphere around
Stanford is certainly an admira
ble one, and I applaud it. How
ever, the attitude that all organi
zations which do not serve as shin
ing examples of Intellectual
Pursuit should be immediately
abolished cannot accomplish any
thing more than creating even a
bigger series of obstacles for
Legislature to leap over, slide
around or crawl under as the
case may be. The problem that
LASSU is so nobly attempting to
deal with, unfortunately does not
and never has had its roots in
Rally Com and card stunts. Per
haps the problem is connected
with Oedipus complexes or late
weaning, but what ever it is, it
cannot be solved by annihilating
Rally Com.
It is my suggestion therefore,
that Legislature devote itself to
more constructive activities such
as building up a stronger series
of student committees to work
with the faculty on undergradu
ate education, such as clarifying
and understanding the issue of
partisan politics on campus, such
as setting up a really compre
hensive scratch sheet of profes
sors, courses, and student opinion
concerning them. Poli U„ the dele
gation to the NSA, and the dele
gation to the Communist Youth
Festival, have begun to stir up
activity for worthwhile causes
and it seems more than unfor
tunate to me that LASSU finds
itself unable to follow their ex
ample.
Kathy Reap
Editor, The Daily:
True to prediction, the furor
concerning Legislature’s discus
sion of seating at football games,
Rally Com. and card stunts has
reached epic proportion. I, as a
member of this distasteful group
iLASSU) would like to add my
comments. Legislature’s recom
mendation to officially allow
women to sit with men, and vice
versa at. football games should
not be considered as a diabolical
plot to strip students of their
rights. No strict enforcement was
implied in the suggestion, but it
is hoped that the stands will bo
gradually integrated, and some of
the unnecessary obscenity elimi
nated.

No one can predict the outcome
of tonight’s discussion of the fate
of the hapless Rally Com, but
speaking as one of twenty-six, I
would prefer that it were not dis
cussed at all. The attempt on the
part of many students to better
the academic atmosphere around
Stanford is certainly an admira
ble one, and I applaud it. How
ever, the attitude that all organi
zations which do not serve as shin
ing examples of Intellectual
Pursuit should be immediately
abolished cannot accomplish any
thing more than creating even a
bigger series of obstacles for
Legislature to leap over, slide
around or crawl under as the
case may be. The problem that
LASSU is so nobly attempting to
deal with, unfortunately does not
and never has had its roots in
Rally Com and card stunts. Per
haps the problem is connected
with Oedipus complexes or late
weaning, but what ever it is, it
cannot be solved by annihilating
Rally Com.
It is my suggestion therefore,
that Legislature devote itself to
more constructive activities such
as building up a stronger series
of student committees to work
with the faculty on undergradu
ate education, such as clarifying
and understanding the issue of
partisan politics on campus, such
as setting up a really compre
hensive scratch sheet of profes
sors, courses, and student opinion
concerning them. Poli U„ the dele
gation to the NSA, and the dele
gation to the Communist Youth
Festival, have begun to stir up
activity for worthwhile causes
and it seems more than unfor
tunate to me that LASSU finds
itself unable to follow their ex
ample.
Kathy Reap
Editor, The Daily:
True to prediction, the furor
concerning Legislature’s discus
sion of seating at football games,
Rally Com. and card stunts has
reached epic proportion. I, as a
member of this distasteful group
iLASSU) would like to add my
comments. Legislature’s recom
mendation to officially allow
women to sit with men, and vice
versa at. football games should
not be considered as a diabolical
plot to strip students of their
rights. No strict enforcement was
implied in the suggestion, but it
is hoped that the stands will bo
gradually integrated, and some of
the unnecessary obscenity elimi
nated.

No one can predict the outcome
of tonight’s discussion of the fate
of the hapless Rally Com, but
speaking as one of twenty-six, I
would prefer that it were not dis
cussed at all. The attempt on the
part of many students to better
the academic atmosphere around
Stanford is certainly an admira
ble one, and I applaud it. How
ever, the attitude that all organi
zations which do not serve as shin
ing examples of Intellectual
Pursuit should be immediately
abolished cannot accomplish any
thing more than creating even a
bigger series of obstacles for
Legislature to leap over, slide
around or crawl under as the
case may be. The problem that
LASSU is so nobly attempting to
deal with, unfortunately does not
and never has had its roots in
Rally Com and card stunts. Per
haps the problem is connected
with Oedipus complexes or late
weaning, but what ever it is, it
cannot be solved by annihilating
Rally Com.
It is my suggestion therefore,
that Legislature devote itself to
more constructive activities such
as building up a stronger series
of student committees to work
with the faculty on undergradu
ate education, such as clarifying
and understanding the issue of
partisan politics on campus, such
as setting up a really compre
hensive scratch sheet of profes
sors, courses, and student opinion
concerning them. Poli U„ the dele
gation to the NSA, and the dele
gation to the Communist Youth
Festival, have begun to stir up
activity for worthwhile causes
and it seems more than unfor
tunate to me that LASSU finds
itself unable to follow their ex
ample.
Kathy Reap
Editor, The Daily:
True to prediction, the furor
concerning Legislature’s discus
sion of seating at football games,
Rally Com. and card stunts has
reached epic proportion. I, as a
member of this distasteful group
iLASSU) would like to add my
comments. Legislature’s recom
mendation to officially allow
women to sit with men, and vice
versa at. football games should
not be considered as a diabolical
plot to strip students of their
rights. No strict enforcement was
implied in the suggestion, but it
is hoped that the stands will bo
gradually integrated, and some of
the unnecessary obscenity elimi
nated.

No one can predict the outcome
of tonight’s discussion of the fate
of the hapless Rally Com, but
speaking as one of twenty-six, I
would prefer that it were not dis
cussed at all. The attempt on the
part of many students to better
the academic atmosphere around
Stanford is certainly an admira
ble one, and I applaud it. How
ever, the attitude that all organi
zations which do not serve as shin
ing examples of Intellectual
Pursuit should be immediately
abolished cannot accomplish any
thing more than creating even a
bigger series of obstacles for
Legislature to leap over, slide
around or crawl under as the
case may be. The problem that
LASSU is so nobly attempting to
deal with, unfortunately does not
and never has had its roots in
Rally Com and card stunts. Per
haps the problem is connected
with Oedipus complexes or late
weaning, but what ever it is, it
cannot be solved by annihilating
Rally Com.
It is my suggestion therefore,
that Legislature devote itself to
more constructive activities such
as building up a stronger series
of student committees to work
with the faculty on undergradu
ate education, such as clarifying
and understanding the issue of
partisan politics on campus, such
as setting up a really compre
hensive scratch sheet of profes
sors, courses, and student opinion
concerning them. Poli U„ the dele
gation to the NSA, and the dele
gation to the Communist Youth
Festival, have begun to stir up
activity for worthwhile causes
and it seems more than unfor
tunate to me that LASSU finds
itself unable to follow their ex
ample.
Kathy Reap
Editor, The Daily:
True to prediction, the furor
concerning Legislature’s discus
sion of seating at football games,
Rally Com. and card stunts has
reached epic proportion. I, as a
member of this distasteful group
iLASSU) would like to add my
comments. Legislature’s recom
mendation to officially allow
women to sit with men, and vice
versa at. football games should
not be considered as a diabolical
plot to strip students of their
rights. No strict enforcement was
implied in the suggestion, but it
is hoped that the stands will bo
gradually integrated, and some of
the unnecessary obscenity elimi
nated.

No one can predict the outcome
of tonight’s discussion of the fate
of the hapless Rally Com, but
speaking as one of twenty-six, I
would prefer that it were not dis
cussed at all. The attempt on the
part of many students to better
the academic atmosphere around
Stanford is certainly an admira
ble one, and I applaud it. How
ever, the attitude that all organi
zations which do not serve as shin
ing examples of Intellectual
Pursuit should be immediately
abolished cannot accomplish any
thing more than creating even a
bigger series of obstacles for
Legislature to leap over, slide
around or crawl under as the
case may be. The problem that
LASSU is so nobly attempting to
deal with, unfortunately does not
and never has had its roots in
Rally Com and card stunts. Per
haps the problem is connected
with Oedipus complexes or late
weaning, but what ever it is, it
cannot be solved by annihilating
Rally Com.
It is my suggestion therefore,
that Legislature devote itself to
more constructive activities such
as building up a stronger series
of student committees to work
with the faculty on undergradu
ate education, such as clarifying
and understanding the issue of
partisan politics on campus, such
as setting up a really compre
hensive scratch sheet of profes
sors, courses, and student opinion
concerning them. Poli U„ the dele
gation to the NSA, and the dele
gation to the Communist Youth
Festival, have begun to stir up
activity for worthwhile causes
and it seems more than unfor
tunate to me that LASSU finds
itself unable to follow their ex
ample.
Kathy Reap
Editor, The Daily:
True to prediction, the furor
concerning Legislature’s discus
sion of seating at football games,
Rally Com. and card stunts has
reached epic proportion. I, as a
member of this distasteful group
iLASSU) would like to add my
comments. Legislature’s recom
mendation to officially allow
women to sit with men, and vice
versa at. football games should
not be considered as a diabolical
plot to strip students of their
rights. No strict enforcement was
implied in the suggestion, but it
is hoped that the stands will bo
gradually integrated, and some of
the unnecessary obscenity elimi
nated.

No one can predict the outcome
of tonight’s discussion of the fate
of the hapless Rally Com, but
speaking as one of twenty-six, I
would prefer that it were not dis
cussed at all. The attempt on the
part of many students to better
the academic atmosphere around
Stanford is certainly an admira
ble one, and I applaud it. How
ever, the attitude that all organi
zations which do not serve as shin
ing examples of Intellectual
Pursuit should be immediately
abolished cannot accomplish any
thing more than creating even a
bigger series of obstacles for
Legislature to leap over, slide
around or crawl under as the
case may be. The problem that
LASSU is so nobly attempting to
deal with, unfortunately does not
and never has had its roots in
Rally Com and card stunts. Per
haps the problem is connected
with Oedipus complexes or late
weaning, but what ever it is, it
cannot be solved by annihilating
Rally Com.
It is my suggestion therefore,
that Legislature devote itself to
more constructive activities such
as building up a stronger series
of student committees to work
with the faculty on undergradu
ate education, such as clarifying
and understanding the issue of
partisan politics on campus, such
as setting up a really compre
hensive scratch sheet of profes
sors, courses, and student opinion
concerning them. Poli U„ the dele
gation to the NSA, and the dele
gation to the Communist Youth
Festival, have begun to stir up
activity for worthwhile causes
and it seems more than unfor
tunate to me that LASSU finds
itself unable to follow their ex
ample.
Kathy Reap
Editor, The Daily:
True to prediction, the furor
concerning Legislature’s discus
sion of seating at football games,
Rally Com. and card stunts has
reached epic proportion. I, as a
member of this distasteful group
iLASSU) would like to add my
comments. Legislature’s recom
mendation to officially allow
women to sit with men, and vice
versa at. football games should
not be considered as a diabolical
plot to strip students of their
rights. No strict enforcement was
implied in the suggestion, but it
is hoped that the stands will bo
gradually integrated, and some of
the unnecessary obscenity elimi
nated.

No one can predict the outcome
of tonight’s discussion of the fate
of the hapless Rally Com, but
speaking as one of twenty-six, I
would prefer that it were not dis
cussed at all. The attempt on the
part of many students to better
the academic atmosphere around
Stanford is certainly an admira
ble one, and I applaud it. How
ever, the attitude that all organi
zations which do not serve as shin
ing examples of Intellectual
Pursuit should be immediately
abolished cannot accomplish any
thing more than creating even a
bigger series of obstacles for
Legislature to leap over, slide
around or crawl under as the
case may be. The problem that
LASSU is so nobly attempting to
deal with, unfortunately does not
and never has had its roots in
Rally Com and card stunts. Per
haps the problem is connected
with Oedipus complexes or late
weaning, but what ever it is, it
cannot be solved by annihilating
Rally Com.
It is my suggestion therefore,
that Legislature devote itself to
more constructive activities such
as building up a stronger series
of student committees to work
with the faculty on undergradu
ate education, such as clarifying
and understanding the issue of
partisan politics on campus, such
as setting up a really compre
hensive scratch sheet of profes
sors, courses, and student opinion
concerning them. Poli U„ the dele
gation to the NSA, and the dele
gation to the Communist Youth
Festival, have begun to stir up
activity for worthwhile causes
and it seems more than unfor
tunate to me that LASSU finds
itself unable to follow their ex
ample.
Kathy Reap
Editor, The Daily:
True to prediction, the furor
concerning Legislature’s discus
sion of seating at football games,
Rally Com. and card stunts has
reached epic proportion. I, as a
member of this distasteful group
iLASSU) would like to add my
comments. Legislature’s recom
mendation to officially allow
women to sit with men, and vice
versa at. football games should
not be considered as a diabolical
plot to strip students of their
rights. No strict enforcement was
implied in the suggestion, but it
is hoped that the stands will bo
gradually integrated, and some of
the unnecessary obscenity elimi
nated.

No one can predict the outcome
of tonight’s discussion of the fate
of the hapless Rally Com, but
speaking as one of twenty-six, I
would prefer that it were not dis
cussed at all. The attempt on the
part of many students to better
the academic atmosphere around
Stanford is certainly an admira
ble one, and I applaud it. How
ever, the attitude that all organi
zations which do not serve as shin
ing examples of Intellectual
Pursuit should be immediately
abolished cannot accomplish any
thing more than creating even a
bigger series of obstacles for
Legislature to leap over, slide
around or crawl under as the
case may be. The problem that
LASSU is so nobly attempting to
deal with, unfortunately does not
and never has had its roots in
Rally Com and card stunts. Per
haps the problem is connected
with Oedipus complexes or late
weaning, but what ever it is, it
cannot be solved by annihilating
Rally Com.
It is my suggestion therefore,
that Legislature devote itself to
more constructive activities such
as building up a stronger series
of student committees to work
with the faculty on undergradu
ate education, such as clarifying
and understanding the issue of
partisan politics on campus, such
as setting up a really compre
hensive scratch sheet of profes
sors, courses, and student opinion
concerning them. Poli U„ the dele
gation to the NSA, and the dele
gation to the Communist Youth
Festival, have begun to stir up
activity for worthwhile causes
and it seems more than unfor
tunate to me that LASSU finds
itself unable to follow their ex
ample.
Kathy Reap
Editor, The Daily:
True to prediction, the furor
concerning Legislature’s discus
sion of seating at football games,
Rally Com. and card stunts has
reached epic proportion. I, as a
member of this distasteful group
iLASSU) would like to add my
comments. Legislature’s recom
mendation to officially allow
women to sit with men, and vice
versa at. football games should
not be considered as a diabolical
plot to strip students of their
rights. No strict enforcement was
implied in the suggestion, but it
is hoped that the stands will bo
gradually integrated, and some of
the unnecessary obscenity elimi
nated.

No one can predict the outcome
of tonight’s discussion of the fate
of the hapless Rally Com, but
speaking as one of twenty-six, I
would prefer that it were not dis
cussed at all. The attempt on the
part of many students to better
the academic atmosphere around
Stanford is certainly an admira
ble one, and I applaud it. How
ever, the attitude that all organi
zations which do not serve as shin
ing examples of Intellectual
Pursuit should be immediately
abolished cannot accomplish any
thing more than creating even a
bigger series of obstacles for
Legislature to leap over, slide
around or crawl under as the
case may be. The problem that
LASSU is so nobly attempting to
deal with, unfortunately does not
and never has had its roots in
Rally Com and card stunts. Per
haps the problem is connected
with Oedipus complexes or late
weaning, but what ever it is, it
cannot be solved by annihilating
Rally Com.
It is my suggestion therefore,
that Legislature devote itself to
more constructive activities such
as building up a stronger series
of student committees to work
with the faculty on undergradu
ate education, such as clarifying
and understanding the issue of
partisan politics on campus, such
as setting up a really compre
hensive scratch sheet of profes
sors, courses, and student opinion
concerning them. Poli U„ the dele
gation to the NSA, and the dele
gation to the Communist Youth
Festival, have begun to stir up
activity for worthwhile causes
and it seems more than unfor
tunate to me that LASSU finds
itself unable to follow their ex
ample.
Kathy Reap
Editor, The Daily:
True to prediction, the furor
concerning Legislature’s discus
sion of seating at football games,
Rally Com. and card stunts has
reached epic proportion. I, as a
member of this distasteful group
iLASSU) would like to add my
comments. Legislature’s recom
mendation to officially allow
women to sit with men, and vice
versa at. football games should
not be considered as a diabolical
plot to strip students of their
rights. No strict enforcement was
implied in the suggestion, but it
is hoped that the stands will bo
gradually integrated, and some of
the unnecessary obscenity elimi
nated.

No one can predict the outcome
of tonight’s discussion of the fate
of the hapless Rally Com, but
speaking as one of twenty-six, I
would prefer that it were not dis
cussed at all. The attempt on the
part of many students to better
the academic atmosphere around
Stanford is certainly an admira
ble one, and I applaud it. How
ever, the attitude that all organi
zations which do not serve as shin
ing examples of Intellectual
Pursuit should be immediately
abolished cannot accomplish any
thing more than creating even a
bigger series of obstacles for
Legislature to leap over, slide
around or crawl under as the
case may be. The problem that
LASSU is so nobly attempting to
deal with, unfortunately does not
and never has had its roots in
Rally Com and card stunts. Per
haps the problem is connected
with Oedipus complexes or late
weaning, but what ever it is, it
cannot be solved by annihilating
Rally Com.
It is my suggestion therefore,
that Legislature devote itself to
more constructive activities such
as building up a stronger series
of student committees to work
with the faculty on undergradu
ate education, such as clarifying
and understanding the issue of
partisan politics on campus, such
as setting up a really compre
hensive scratch sheet of profes
sors, courses, and student opinion
concerning them. Poli U„ the dele
gation to the NSA, and the dele
gation to the Communist Youth
Festival, have begun to stir up
activity for worthwhile causes
and it seems more than unfor
tunate to me that LASSU finds
itself unable to follow their ex
ample.
Kathy Reap
