# Bolshoi Ballet Opening Performance Tonight
## 
### 
A repertoire of such famous
ballets as “Swan Lake,” “Giselle,”
and “Paginini” will be presented
by the Bolshoi Ballet Company
during their San Francisco en
gagement which begins tonight.
Featuring “the world's most
exciting dancer.” prima ballerina,
Maya Plisetskaya, the ballet will
perform “Swan Lake” tonight in
a Gala Premiere for the benefit of
the San Francisco Ballet Guild.
Future performances include
“Ballet School,” “Paganini,” se
lections from “Faust” on Satur
day. Oct. 20 at 2:30 p.m., and a
Highlights Program on Tuesday
evening, Oct. 23.
Tickets for all seven perform
ances are still available at the
Fox Theater in San Francisco;
mail orders are being filled in or
der of receipt.
A repertoire of such famous
ballets as “Swan Lake,” “Giselle,”
and “Paginini” will be presented
by the Bolshoi Ballet Company
during their San Francisco en
gagement which begins tonight.
Featuring “the world's most
exciting dancer.” prima ballerina,
Maya Plisetskaya, the ballet will
perform “Swan Lake” tonight in
a Gala Premiere for the benefit of
the San Francisco Ballet Guild.
Future performances include
“Ballet School,” “Paganini,” se
lections from “Faust” on Satur
day. Oct. 20 at 2:30 p.m., and a
Highlights Program on Tuesday
evening, Oct. 23.
Tickets for all seven perform
ances are still available at the
Fox Theater in San Francisco;
mail orders are being filled in or
der of receipt.
A repertoire of such famous
ballets as “Swan Lake,” “Giselle,”
and “Paginini” will be presented
by the Bolshoi Ballet Company
during their San Francisco en
gagement which begins tonight.
Featuring “the world's most
exciting dancer.” prima ballerina,
Maya Plisetskaya, the ballet will
perform “Swan Lake” tonight in
a Gala Premiere for the benefit of
the San Francisco Ballet Guild.
Future performances include
“Ballet School,” “Paganini,” se
lections from “Faust” on Satur
day. Oct. 20 at 2:30 p.m., and a
Highlights Program on Tuesday
evening, Oct. 23.
Tickets for all seven perform
ances are still available at the
Fox Theater in San Francisco;
mail orders are being filled in or
der of receipt.
A repertoire of such famous
ballets as “Swan Lake,” “Giselle,”
and “Paginini” will be presented
by the Bolshoi Ballet Company
during their San Francisco en
gagement which begins tonight.
Featuring “the world's most
exciting dancer.” prima ballerina,
Maya Plisetskaya, the ballet will
perform “Swan Lake” tonight in
a Gala Premiere for the benefit of
the San Francisco Ballet Guild.
Future performances include
“Ballet School,” “Paganini,” se
lections from “Faust” on Satur
day. Oct. 20 at 2:30 p.m., and a
Highlights Program on Tuesday
evening, Oct. 23.
Tickets for all seven perform
ances are still available at the
Fox Theater in San Francisco;
mail orders are being filled in or
der of receipt.
A repertoire of such famous
ballets as “Swan Lake,” “Giselle,”
and “Paginini” will be presented
by the Bolshoi Ballet Company
during their San Francisco en
gagement which begins tonight.
Featuring “the world's most
exciting dancer.” prima ballerina,
Maya Plisetskaya, the ballet will
perform “Swan Lake” tonight in
a Gala Premiere for the benefit of
the San Francisco Ballet Guild.
Future performances include
“Ballet School,” “Paganini,” se
lections from “Faust” on Satur
day. Oct. 20 at 2:30 p.m., and a
Highlights Program on Tuesday
evening, Oct. 23.
Tickets for all seven perform
ances are still available at the
Fox Theater in San Francisco;
mail orders are being filled in or
der of receipt.
A repertoire of such famous
ballets as “Swan Lake,” “Giselle,”
and “Paginini” will be presented
by the Bolshoi Ballet Company
during their San Francisco en
gagement which begins tonight.
Featuring “the world's most
exciting dancer.” prima ballerina,
Maya Plisetskaya, the ballet will
perform “Swan Lake” tonight in
a Gala Premiere for the benefit of
the San Francisco Ballet Guild.
Future performances include
“Ballet School,” “Paganini,” se
lections from “Faust” on Satur
day. Oct. 20 at 2:30 p.m., and a
Highlights Program on Tuesday
evening, Oct. 23.
Tickets for all seven perform
ances are still available at the
Fox Theater in San Francisco;
mail orders are being filled in or
der of receipt.
A repertoire of such famous
ballets as “Swan Lake,” “Giselle,”
and “Paginini” will be presented
by the Bolshoi Ballet Company
during their San Francisco en
gagement which begins tonight.
Featuring “the world's most
exciting dancer.” prima ballerina,
Maya Plisetskaya, the ballet will
perform “Swan Lake” tonight in
a Gala Premiere for the benefit of
the San Francisco Ballet Guild.
Future performances include
“Ballet School,” “Paganini,” se
lections from “Faust” on Satur
day. Oct. 20 at 2:30 p.m., and a
Highlights Program on Tuesday
evening, Oct. 23.
Tickets for all seven perform
ances are still available at the
Fox Theater in San Francisco;
mail orders are being filled in or
der of receipt.
A repertoire of such famous
ballets as “Swan Lake,” “Giselle,”
and “Paginini” will be presented
by the Bolshoi Ballet Company
during their San Francisco en
gagement which begins tonight.
Featuring “the world's most
exciting dancer.” prima ballerina,
Maya Plisetskaya, the ballet will
perform “Swan Lake” tonight in
a Gala Premiere for the benefit of
the San Francisco Ballet Guild.
Future performances include
“Ballet School,” “Paganini,” se
lections from “Faust” on Satur
day. Oct. 20 at 2:30 p.m., and a
Highlights Program on Tuesday
evening, Oct. 23.
Tickets for all seven perform
ances are still available at the
Fox Theater in San Francisco;
mail orders are being filled in or
der of receipt.
A repertoire of such famous
ballets as “Swan Lake,” “Giselle,”
and “Paginini” will be presented
by the Bolshoi Ballet Company
during their San Francisco en
gagement which begins tonight.
Featuring “the world's most
exciting dancer.” prima ballerina,
Maya Plisetskaya, the ballet will
perform “Swan Lake” tonight in
a Gala Premiere for the benefit of
the San Francisco Ballet Guild.
Future performances include
“Ballet School,” “Paganini,” se
lections from “Faust” on Satur
day. Oct. 20 at 2:30 p.m., and a
Highlights Program on Tuesday
evening, Oct. 23.
Tickets for all seven perform
ances are still available at the
Fox Theater in San Francisco;
mail orders are being filled in or
der of receipt.
A repertoire of such famous
ballets as “Swan Lake,” “Giselle,”
and “Paginini” will be presented
by the Bolshoi Ballet Company
during their San Francisco en
gagement which begins tonight.
Featuring “the world's most
exciting dancer.” prima ballerina,
Maya Plisetskaya, the ballet will
perform “Swan Lake” tonight in
a Gala Premiere for the benefit of
the San Francisco Ballet Guild.
Future performances include
“Ballet School,” “Paganini,” se
lections from “Faust” on Satur
day. Oct. 20 at 2:30 p.m., and a
Highlights Program on Tuesday
evening, Oct. 23.
Tickets for all seven perform
ances are still available at the
Fox Theater in San Francisco;
mail orders are being filled in or
der of receipt.
A repertoire of such famous
ballets as “Swan Lake,” “Giselle,”
and “Paginini” will be presented
by the Bolshoi Ballet Company
during their San Francisco en
gagement which begins tonight.
Featuring “the world's most
exciting dancer.” prima ballerina,
Maya Plisetskaya, the ballet will
perform “Swan Lake” tonight in
a Gala Premiere for the benefit of
the San Francisco Ballet Guild.
Future performances include
“Ballet School,” “Paganini,” se
lections from “Faust” on Satur
day. Oct. 20 at 2:30 p.m., and a
Highlights Program on Tuesday
evening, Oct. 23.
Tickets for all seven perform
ances are still available at the
Fox Theater in San Francisco;
mail orders are being filled in or
der of receipt.
A repertoire of such famous
ballets as “Swan Lake,” “Giselle,”
and “Paginini” will be presented
by the Bolshoi Ballet Company
during their San Francisco en
gagement which begins tonight.
Featuring “the world's most
exciting dancer.” prima ballerina,
Maya Plisetskaya, the ballet will
perform “Swan Lake” tonight in
a Gala Premiere for the benefit of
the San Francisco Ballet Guild.
Future performances include
“Ballet School,” “Paganini,” se
lections from “Faust” on Satur
day. Oct. 20 at 2:30 p.m., and a
Highlights Program on Tuesday
evening, Oct. 23.
Tickets for all seven perform
ances are still available at the
Fox Theater in San Francisco;
mail orders are being filled in or
der of receipt.
A repertoire of such famous
ballets as “Swan Lake,” “Giselle,”
and “Paginini” will be presented
by the Bolshoi Ballet Company
during their San Francisco en
gagement which begins tonight.
Featuring “the world's most
exciting dancer.” prima ballerina,
Maya Plisetskaya, the ballet will
perform “Swan Lake” tonight in
a Gala Premiere for the benefit of
the San Francisco Ballet Guild.
Future performances include
“Ballet School,” “Paganini,” se
lections from “Faust” on Satur
day. Oct. 20 at 2:30 p.m., and a
Highlights Program on Tuesday
evening, Oct. 23.
Tickets for all seven perform
ances are still available at the
Fox Theater in San Francisco;
mail orders are being filled in or
der of receipt.
A repertoire of such famous
ballets as “Swan Lake,” “Giselle,”
and “Paginini” will be presented
by the Bolshoi Ballet Company
during their San Francisco en
gagement which begins tonight.
Featuring “the world's most
exciting dancer.” prima ballerina,
Maya Plisetskaya, the ballet will
perform “Swan Lake” tonight in
a Gala Premiere for the benefit of
the San Francisco Ballet Guild.
Future performances include
“Ballet School,” “Paganini,” se
lections from “Faust” on Satur
day. Oct. 20 at 2:30 p.m., and a
Highlights Program on Tuesday
evening, Oct. 23.
Tickets for all seven perform
ances are still available at the
Fox Theater in San Francisco;
mail orders are being filled in or
der of receipt.
A repertoire of such famous
ballets as “Swan Lake,” “Giselle,”
and “Paginini” will be presented
by the Bolshoi Ballet Company
during their San Francisco en
gagement which begins tonight.
Featuring “the world's most
exciting dancer.” prima ballerina,
Maya Plisetskaya, the ballet will
perform “Swan Lake” tonight in
a Gala Premiere for the benefit of
the San Francisco Ballet Guild.
Future performances include
“Ballet School,” “Paganini,” se
lections from “Faust” on Satur
day. Oct. 20 at 2:30 p.m., and a
Highlights Program on Tuesday
evening, Oct. 23.
Tickets for all seven perform
ances are still available at the
Fox Theater in San Francisco;
mail orders are being filled in or
der of receipt.
A repertoire of such famous
ballets as “Swan Lake,” “Giselle,”
and “Paginini” will be presented
by the Bolshoi Ballet Company
during their San Francisco en
gagement which begins tonight.
Featuring “the world's most
exciting dancer.” prima ballerina,
Maya Plisetskaya, the ballet will
perform “Swan Lake” tonight in
a Gala Premiere for the benefit of
the San Francisco Ballet Guild.
Future performances include
“Ballet School,” “Paganini,” se
lections from “Faust” on Satur
day. Oct. 20 at 2:30 p.m., and a
Highlights Program on Tuesday
evening, Oct. 23.
Tickets for all seven perform
ances are still available at the
Fox Theater in San Francisco;
mail orders are being filled in or
der of receipt.
A repertoire of such famous
ballets as “Swan Lake,” “Giselle,”
and “Paginini” will be presented
by the Bolshoi Ballet Company
during their San Francisco en
gagement which begins tonight.
Featuring “the world's most
exciting dancer.” prima ballerina,
Maya Plisetskaya, the ballet will
perform “Swan Lake” tonight in
a Gala Premiere for the benefit of
the San Francisco Ballet Guild.
Future performances include
“Ballet School,” “Paganini,” se
lections from “Faust” on Satur
day. Oct. 20 at 2:30 p.m., and a
Highlights Program on Tuesday
evening, Oct. 23.
Tickets for all seven perform
ances are still available at the
Fox Theater in San Francisco;
mail orders are being filled in or
der of receipt.
