# Nomination Declined
## 
### 
I hereby decline the nomination for the
office of Quad editor in favor of Donald
McKay.
LEON DAVID.
I hereby decline the nomination for the
office of Quad editor in favor of Donald
McKay.
LEON DAVID.
I hereby decline the nomination for the
office of Quad editor in favor of Donald
McKay.
LEON DAVID.
I hereby decline the nomination for the
office of Quad editor in favor of Donald
McKay.
LEON DAVID.
I hereby decline the nomination for the
office of Quad editor in favor of Donald
McKay.
LEON DAVID.
I hereby decline the nomination for the
office of Quad editor in favor of Donald
McKay.
LEON DAVID.
I hereby decline the nomination for the
office of Quad editor in favor of Donald
McKay.
LEON DAVID.
I hereby decline the nomination for the
office of Quad editor in favor of Donald
McKay.
LEON DAVID.
I hereby decline the nomination for the
office of Quad editor in favor of Donald
McKay.
LEON DAVID.
I hereby decline the nomination for the
office of Quad editor in favor of Donald
McKay.
LEON DAVID.
I hereby decline the nomination for the
office of Quad editor in favor of Donald
McKay.
LEON DAVID.
I hereby decline the nomination for the
office of Quad editor in favor of Donald
McKay.
LEON DAVID.
I hereby decline the nomination for the
office of Quad editor in favor of Donald
McKay.
LEON DAVID.
I hereby decline the nomination for the
office of Quad editor in favor of Donald
McKay.
LEON DAVID.
I hereby decline the nomination for the
office of Quad editor in favor of Donald
McKay.
LEON DAVID.
