# A.S. Raubenheimer Receives New Appointment at U.S.C.
## 
### 
Albert S. Raubenheimer of the Psy
chology department has accepted an as
sistant professorship in educational psy
chology at the University of Southern
California.
Albert S. Raubenheimer of the Psy
chology department has accepted an as
sistant professorship in educational psy
chology at the University of Southern
California.
Albert S. Raubenheimer of the Psy
chology department has accepted an as
sistant professorship in educational psy
chology at the University of Southern
California.
Albert S. Raubenheimer of the Psy
chology department has accepted an as
sistant professorship in educational psy
chology at the University of Southern
California.
Albert S. Raubenheimer of the Psy
chology department has accepted an as
sistant professorship in educational psy
chology at the University of Southern
California.
Albert S. Raubenheimer of the Psy
chology department has accepted an as
sistant professorship in educational psy
chology at the University of Southern
California.
Albert S. Raubenheimer of the Psy
chology department has accepted an as
sistant professorship in educational psy
chology at the University of Southern
California.
Albert S. Raubenheimer of the Psy
chology department has accepted an as
sistant professorship in educational psy
chology at the University of Southern
California.
Albert S. Raubenheimer of the Psy
chology department has accepted an as
sistant professorship in educational psy
chology at the University of Southern
California.
Albert S. Raubenheimer of the Psy
chology department has accepted an as
sistant professorship in educational psy
chology at the University of Southern
California.
Albert S. Raubenheimer of the Psy
chology department has accepted an as
sistant professorship in educational psy
chology at the University of Southern
California.
Albert S. Raubenheimer of the Psy
chology department has accepted an as
sistant professorship in educational psy
chology at the University of Southern
California.
Albert S. Raubenheimer of the Psy
chology department has accepted an as
sistant professorship in educational psy
chology at the University of Southern
California.
Albert S. Raubenheimer of the Psy
chology department has accepted an as
sistant professorship in educational psy
chology at the University of Southern
California.
Albert S. Raubenheimer of the Psy
chology department has accepted an as
sistant professorship in educational psy
chology at the University of Southern
California.
