# BROWN GIVES ADDRESS ON VALUE OF CREEDS
## 
### 
Creeds, their origin and value in re
ligion, formed the basis of an address
by Professor H. C. Brown of the De
partment of Philosophy, which was given
last week at a luncheon of the Palo Alto
Chamber of Commerce at the Russell
Cafeteria.
Creeds, their origin and value in re
ligion, formed the basis of an address
by Professor H. C. Brown of the De
partment of Philosophy, which was given
last week at a luncheon of the Palo Alto
Chamber of Commerce at the Russell
Cafeteria.
Creeds, their origin and value in re
ligion, formed the basis of an address
by Professor H. C. Brown of the De
partment of Philosophy, which was given
last week at a luncheon of the Palo Alto
Chamber of Commerce at the Russell
Cafeteria.
Creeds, their origin and value in re
ligion, formed the basis of an address
by Professor H. C. Brown of the De
partment of Philosophy, which was given
last week at a luncheon of the Palo Alto
Chamber of Commerce at the Russell
Cafeteria.
Creeds, their origin and value in re
ligion, formed the basis of an address
by Professor H. C. Brown of the De
partment of Philosophy, which was given
last week at a luncheon of the Palo Alto
Chamber of Commerce at the Russell
Cafeteria.
Creeds, their origin and value in re
ligion, formed the basis of an address
by Professor H. C. Brown of the De
partment of Philosophy, which was given
last week at a luncheon of the Palo Alto
Chamber of Commerce at the Russell
Cafeteria.
Creeds, their origin and value in re
ligion, formed the basis of an address
by Professor H. C. Brown of the De
partment of Philosophy, which was given
last week at a luncheon of the Palo Alto
Chamber of Commerce at the Russell
Cafeteria.
Creeds, their origin and value in re
ligion, formed the basis of an address
by Professor H. C. Brown of the De
partment of Philosophy, which was given
last week at a luncheon of the Palo Alto
Chamber of Commerce at the Russell
Cafeteria.
Creeds, their origin and value in re
ligion, formed the basis of an address
by Professor H. C. Brown of the De
partment of Philosophy, which was given
last week at a luncheon of the Palo Alto
Chamber of Commerce at the Russell
Cafeteria.
Creeds, their origin and value in re
ligion, formed the basis of an address
by Professor H. C. Brown of the De
partment of Philosophy, which was given
last week at a luncheon of the Palo Alto
Chamber of Commerce at the Russell
Cafeteria.
Creeds, their origin and value in re
ligion, formed the basis of an address
by Professor H. C. Brown of the De
partment of Philosophy, which was given
last week at a luncheon of the Palo Alto
Chamber of Commerce at the Russell
Cafeteria.
Creeds, their origin and value in re
ligion, formed the basis of an address
by Professor H. C. Brown of the De
partment of Philosophy, which was given
last week at a luncheon of the Palo Alto
Chamber of Commerce at the Russell
Cafeteria.
Creeds, their origin and value in re
ligion, formed the basis of an address
by Professor H. C. Brown of the De
partment of Philosophy, which was given
last week at a luncheon of the Palo Alto
Chamber of Commerce at the Russell
Cafeteria.
Creeds, their origin and value in re
ligion, formed the basis of an address
by Professor H. C. Brown of the De
partment of Philosophy, which was given
last week at a luncheon of the Palo Alto
Chamber of Commerce at the Russell
Cafeteria.
Creeds, their origin and value in re
ligion, formed the basis of an address
by Professor H. C. Brown of the De
partment of Philosophy, which was given
last week at a luncheon of the Palo Alto
Chamber of Commerce at the Russell
Cafeteria.
