# KZSU to Air 'McCarthy'
## 
### 
KZSU will pre ent a mysterious
program tonight at 8 entitled "The
Investigator," a parody on currcut
American politics.
"The Inves tigat</r" is a recorded
show, but K/SU officials are not
sure where i< eame from. It is ru
mored. one official said, that the
show originated from a Canadian
broadcasting companv.
The program casts the spotlight
011 Senator McCarthy in an ex
clusive, luit hypothetical, inter
view with men Mich as George
Washington, Thomas Jefferson,
Benjamin Franklin, and others.
KZSU will pre ent a mysterious
program tonight at 8 entitled "The
Investigator," a parody on currcut
American politics.
"The Inves tigat</r" is a recorded
show, but K/SU officials are not
sure where i< eame from. It is ru
mored. one official said, that the
show originated from a Canadian
broadcasting companv.
The program casts the spotlight
011 Senator McCarthy in an ex
clusive, luit hypothetical, inter
view with men Mich as George
Washington, Thomas Jefferson,
Benjamin Franklin, and others.
KZSU will pre ent a mysterious
program tonight at 8 entitled "The
Investigator," a parody on currcut
American politics.
"The Inves tigat</r" is a recorded
show, but K/SU officials are not
sure where i< eame from. It is ru
mored. one official said, that the
show originated from a Canadian
broadcasting companv.
The program casts the spotlight
011 Senator McCarthy in an ex
clusive, luit hypothetical, inter
view with men Mich as George
Washington, Thomas Jefferson,
Benjamin Franklin, and others.
KZSU will pre ent a mysterious
program tonight at 8 entitled "The
Investigator," a parody on currcut
American politics.
"The Inves tigat</r" is a recorded
show, but K/SU officials are not
sure where i< eame from. It is ru
mored. one official said, that the
show originated from a Canadian
broadcasting companv.
The program casts the spotlight
011 Senator McCarthy in an ex
clusive, luit hypothetical, inter
view with men Mich as George
Washington, Thomas Jefferson,
Benjamin Franklin, and others.
KZSU will pre ent a mysterious
program tonight at 8 entitled "The
Investigator," a parody on currcut
American politics.
"The Inves tigat</r" is a recorded
show, but K/SU officials are not
sure where i< eame from. It is ru
mored. one official said, that the
show originated from a Canadian
broadcasting companv.
The program casts the spotlight
011 Senator McCarthy in an ex
clusive, luit hypothetical, inter
view with men Mich as George
Washington, Thomas Jefferson,
Benjamin Franklin, and others.
KZSU will pre ent a mysterious
program tonight at 8 entitled "The
Investigator," a parody on currcut
American politics.
"The Inves tigat</r" is a recorded
show, but K/SU officials are not
sure where i< eame from. It is ru
mored. one official said, that the
show originated from a Canadian
broadcasting companv.
The program casts the spotlight
011 Senator McCarthy in an ex
clusive, luit hypothetical, inter
view with men Mich as George
Washington, Thomas Jefferson,
Benjamin Franklin, and others.
KZSU will pre ent a mysterious
program tonight at 8 entitled "The
Investigator," a parody on currcut
American politics.
"The Inves tigat</r" is a recorded
show, but K/SU officials are not
sure where i< eame from. It is ru
mored. one official said, that the
show originated from a Canadian
broadcasting companv.
The program casts the spotlight
011 Senator McCarthy in an ex
clusive, luit hypothetical, inter
view with men Mich as George
Washington, Thomas Jefferson,
Benjamin Franklin, and others.
KZSU will pre ent a mysterious
program tonight at 8 entitled "The
Investigator," a parody on currcut
American politics.
"The Inves tigat</r" is a recorded
show, but K/SU officials are not
sure where i< eame from. It is ru
mored. one official said, that the
show originated from a Canadian
broadcasting companv.
The program casts the spotlight
011 Senator McCarthy in an ex
clusive, luit hypothetical, inter
view with men Mich as George
Washington, Thomas Jefferson,
Benjamin Franklin, and others.
KZSU will pre ent a mysterious
program tonight at 8 entitled "The
Investigator," a parody on currcut
American politics.
"The Inves tigat</r" is a recorded
show, but K/SU officials are not
sure where i< eame from. It is ru
mored. one official said, that the
show originated from a Canadian
broadcasting companv.
The program casts the spotlight
011 Senator McCarthy in an ex
clusive, luit hypothetical, inter
view with men Mich as George
Washington, Thomas Jefferson,
Benjamin Franklin, and others.
KZSU will pre ent a mysterious
program tonight at 8 entitled "The
Investigator," a parody on currcut
American politics.
"The Inves tigat</r" is a recorded
show, but K/SU officials are not
sure where i< eame from. It is ru
mored. one official said, that the
show originated from a Canadian
broadcasting companv.
The program casts the spotlight
011 Senator McCarthy in an ex
clusive, luit hypothetical, inter
view with men Mich as George
Washington, Thomas Jefferson,
Benjamin Franklin, and others.
KZSU will pre ent a mysterious
program tonight at 8 entitled "The
Investigator," a parody on currcut
American politics.
"The Inves tigat</r" is a recorded
show, but K/SU officials are not
sure where i< eame from. It is ru
mored. one official said, that the
show originated from a Canadian
broadcasting companv.
The program casts the spotlight
011 Senator McCarthy in an ex
clusive, luit hypothetical, inter
view with men Mich as George
Washington, Thomas Jefferson,
Benjamin Franklin, and others.
KZSU will pre ent a mysterious
program tonight at 8 entitled "The
Investigator," a parody on currcut
American politics.
"The Inves tigat</r" is a recorded
show, but K/SU officials are not
sure where i< eame from. It is ru
mored. one official said, that the
show originated from a Canadian
broadcasting companv.
The program casts the spotlight
011 Senator McCarthy in an ex
clusive, luit hypothetical, inter
view with men Mich as George
Washington, Thomas Jefferson,
Benjamin Franklin, and others.
KZSU will pre ent a mysterious
program tonight at 8 entitled "The
Investigator," a parody on currcut
American politics.
"The Inves tigat</r" is a recorded
show, but K/SU officials are not
sure where i< eame from. It is ru
mored. one official said, that the
show originated from a Canadian
broadcasting companv.
The program casts the spotlight
011 Senator McCarthy in an ex
clusive, luit hypothetical, inter
view with men Mich as George
Washington, Thomas Jefferson,
Benjamin Franklin, and others.
KZSU will pre ent a mysterious
program tonight at 8 entitled "The
Investigator," a parody on currcut
American politics.
"The Inves tigat</r" is a recorded
show, but K/SU officials are not
sure where i< eame from. It is ru
mored. one official said, that the
show originated from a Canadian
broadcasting companv.
The program casts the spotlight
011 Senator McCarthy in an ex
clusive, luit hypothetical, inter
view with men Mich as George
Washington, Thomas Jefferson,
Benjamin Franklin, and others.
KZSU will pre ent a mysterious
program tonight at 8 entitled "The
Investigator," a parody on currcut
American politics.
"The Inves tigat</r" is a recorded
show, but K/SU officials are not
sure where i< eame from. It is ru
mored. one official said, that the
show originated from a Canadian
broadcasting companv.
The program casts the spotlight
011 Senator McCarthy in an ex
clusive, luit hypothetical, inter
view with men Mich as George
Washington, Thomas Jefferson,
Benjamin Franklin, and others.
