# Ski Club Sets Election Meet
## 
### 
The Ski Club meets tonight, at 7:!!0
in Room 320, Geology Corner, to
discuss plans for the coining year
and to clect officers. President. Hal
Courtney is to outline some of the
activities scheduled for the 1955-56
winter season, and will discuss what
the club has accomplished this year.
Election of officers will he fol
lowed by a film on skiing technique,
"Ski tie Franco." The movie, .shown
here once before in French, will be
in English. Admission is free.
Following the meeting, the mem
bers of the Stanford ski team will
meet in the Nitery to discuss next
year's racing schedule and to elect a
team captain. Mori planning to try
out for next, year's team are invited
to attend the meeting.
