# UNDER THE WEATHER
## 
### 
Men's Kcst Homo Nicholas Voj
votlich. Burr Preston, Robert Long,
Michael Raftery.
Palo Alto Hospital—Charles Sil
verberg, George Hemminger, Mar
shall Mustain, Frank Jacklich.
Isolation Hospital—Carla Raven.
Women's Rest Home—Sandra Pe
ters. Gwen Garnsey, Lois McCon
nell, Winnifred Coe. Judith Sproul,
Theresa Nesting, Shirley Ann Cur
rie, Dawn Diaz, Jean Michaels.
Men's Kcst Homo Nicholas Voj
votlich. Burr Preston, Robert Long,
Michael Raftery.
Palo Alto Hospital—Charles Sil
verberg, George Hemminger, Mar
shall Mustain, Frank Jacklich.
Isolation Hospital—Carla Raven.
Women's Rest Home—Sandra Pe
ters. Gwen Garnsey, Lois McCon
nell, Winnifred Coe. Judith Sproul,
Theresa Nesting, Shirley Ann Cur
rie, Dawn Diaz, Jean Michaels.
Men's Kcst Homo Nicholas Voj
votlich. Burr Preston, Robert Long,
Michael Raftery.
Palo Alto Hospital—Charles Sil
verberg, George Hemminger, Mar
shall Mustain, Frank Jacklich.
Isolation Hospital—Carla Raven.
Women's Rest Home—Sandra Pe
ters. Gwen Garnsey, Lois McCon
nell, Winnifred Coe. Judith Sproul,
Theresa Nesting, Shirley Ann Cur
rie, Dawn Diaz, Jean Michaels.
Men's Kcst Homo Nicholas Voj
votlich. Burr Preston, Robert Long,
Michael Raftery.
Palo Alto Hospital—Charles Sil
verberg, George Hemminger, Mar
shall Mustain, Frank Jacklich.
Isolation Hospital—Carla Raven.
Women's Rest Home—Sandra Pe
ters. Gwen Garnsey, Lois McCon
nell, Winnifred Coe. Judith Sproul,
Theresa Nesting, Shirley Ann Cur
rie, Dawn Diaz, Jean Michaels.
Men's Kcst Homo Nicholas Voj
votlich. Burr Preston, Robert Long,
Michael Raftery.
Palo Alto Hospital—Charles Sil
verberg, George Hemminger, Mar
shall Mustain, Frank Jacklich.
Isolation Hospital—Carla Raven.
Women's Rest Home—Sandra Pe
ters. Gwen Garnsey, Lois McCon
nell, Winnifred Coe. Judith Sproul,
Theresa Nesting, Shirley Ann Cur
rie, Dawn Diaz, Jean Michaels.
Men's Kcst Homo Nicholas Voj
votlich. Burr Preston, Robert Long,
Michael Raftery.
Palo Alto Hospital—Charles Sil
verberg, George Hemminger, Mar
shall Mustain, Frank Jacklich.
Isolation Hospital—Carla Raven.
Women's Rest Home—Sandra Pe
ters. Gwen Garnsey, Lois McCon
nell, Winnifred Coe. Judith Sproul,
Theresa Nesting, Shirley Ann Cur
rie, Dawn Diaz, Jean Michaels.
Men's Kcst Homo Nicholas Voj
votlich. Burr Preston, Robert Long,
Michael Raftery.
Palo Alto Hospital—Charles Sil
verberg, George Hemminger, Mar
shall Mustain, Frank Jacklich.
Isolation Hospital—Carla Raven.
Women's Rest Home—Sandra Pe
ters. Gwen Garnsey, Lois McCon
nell, Winnifred Coe. Judith Sproul,
Theresa Nesting, Shirley Ann Cur
rie, Dawn Diaz, Jean Michaels.
Men's Kcst Homo Nicholas Voj
votlich. Burr Preston, Robert Long,
Michael Raftery.
Palo Alto Hospital—Charles Sil
verberg, George Hemminger, Mar
shall Mustain, Frank Jacklich.
Isolation Hospital—Carla Raven.
Women's Rest Home—Sandra Pe
ters. Gwen Garnsey, Lois McCon
nell, Winnifred Coe. Judith Sproul,
Theresa Nesting, Shirley Ann Cur
rie, Dawn Diaz, Jean Michaels.
Men's Kcst Homo Nicholas Voj
votlich. Burr Preston, Robert Long,
Michael Raftery.
Palo Alto Hospital—Charles Sil
verberg, George Hemminger, Mar
shall Mustain, Frank Jacklich.
Isolation Hospital—Carla Raven.
Women's Rest Home—Sandra Pe
ters. Gwen Garnsey, Lois McCon
nell, Winnifred Coe. Judith Sproul,
Theresa Nesting, Shirley Ann Cur
rie, Dawn Diaz, Jean Michaels.
Men's Kcst Homo Nicholas Voj
votlich. Burr Preston, Robert Long,
Michael Raftery.
Palo Alto Hospital—Charles Sil
verberg, George Hemminger, Mar
shall Mustain, Frank Jacklich.
Isolation Hospital—Carla Raven.
Women's Rest Home—Sandra Pe
ters. Gwen Garnsey, Lois McCon
nell, Winnifred Coe. Judith Sproul,
Theresa Nesting, Shirley Ann Cur
rie, Dawn Diaz, Jean Michaels.
Men's Kcst Homo Nicholas Voj
votlich. Burr Preston, Robert Long,
Michael Raftery.
Palo Alto Hospital—Charles Sil
verberg, George Hemminger, Mar
shall Mustain, Frank Jacklich.
Isolation Hospital—Carla Raven.
Women's Rest Home—Sandra Pe
ters. Gwen Garnsey, Lois McCon
nell, Winnifred Coe. Judith Sproul,
Theresa Nesting, Shirley Ann Cur
rie, Dawn Diaz, Jean Michaels.
Men's Kcst Homo Nicholas Voj
votlich. Burr Preston, Robert Long,
Michael Raftery.
Palo Alto Hospital—Charles Sil
verberg, George Hemminger, Mar
shall Mustain, Frank Jacklich.
Isolation Hospital—Carla Raven.
Women's Rest Home—Sandra Pe
ters. Gwen Garnsey, Lois McCon
nell, Winnifred Coe. Judith Sproul,
Theresa Nesting, Shirley Ann Cur
rie, Dawn Diaz, Jean Michaels.
Men's Kcst Homo Nicholas Voj
votlich. Burr Preston, Robert Long,
Michael Raftery.
Palo Alto Hospital—Charles Sil
verberg, George Hemminger, Mar
shall Mustain, Frank Jacklich.
Isolation Hospital—Carla Raven.
Women's Rest Home—Sandra Pe
ters. Gwen Garnsey, Lois McCon
nell, Winnifred Coe. Judith Sproul,
Theresa Nesting, Shirley Ann Cur
rie, Dawn Diaz, Jean Michaels.
Men's Kcst Homo Nicholas Voj
votlich. Burr Preston, Robert Long,
Michael Raftery.
Palo Alto Hospital—Charles Sil
verberg, George Hemminger, Mar
shall Mustain, Frank Jacklich.
Isolation Hospital—Carla Raven.
Women's Rest Home—Sandra Pe
ters. Gwen Garnsey, Lois McCon
nell, Winnifred Coe. Judith Sproul,
Theresa Nesting, Shirley Ann Cur
rie, Dawn Diaz, Jean Michaels.
Men's Kcst Homo Nicholas Voj
votlich. Burr Preston, Robert Long,
Michael Raftery.
Palo Alto Hospital—Charles Sil
verberg, George Hemminger, Mar
shall Mustain, Frank Jacklich.
Isolation Hospital—Carla Raven.
Women's Rest Home—Sandra Pe
ters. Gwen Garnsey, Lois McCon
nell, Winnifred Coe. Judith Sproul,
Theresa Nesting, Shirley Ann Cur
rie, Dawn Diaz, Jean Michaels.
