# 2 Bands Set For Cotillion
## 
### 
The danccablc tunes of Ray Hack
ett, one of the tup bands in the Bay
Area, combined with the colorful
jazz of Rebel Daily will provide the
music for the annual Sophomore
Cotillion which takes place Satur
day at San Francisco's Surf Club.
Tickets for the Cotillion, which
will last from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m., can
be bought for $2.75 (or $2.25 with
sophomore class card) in front of
the Cellar or Poiit Office or at the
ASSU office.
Dress for the aflair will not be
semi-formal as announced in yes
terday's Daily, but it will be
"dressy-dress."
Having just been re-decorated and
re-modeled, the Surf Club, located
on the Great Highway just north of
Golden Gate Park and just south of
the Cliff House, provides an excel
lent setting for the all - campus
dance.
