# Reds Dash Hopes For Korea Peace
## 
### 
GENEVA, May 3 (UP)—Commu
nist China tonight shattered the last
chance for agreement on Korea here
with a bitter statement demanding
that the United States repatriate
more than 48,000 Communist war
prisoners who have refused to re
turn to their Red homelands.
Chinese Communist Premier Chou
En-lai told the Geneva conference
that the Chinese and North Korean
prisoners are forcibly held. He pro
posed a repatriation plan which was
immediately rejected by the United
States.
Chou charged that more than 27,-
000 North Korean and Red Chinese
prisoners were "forcibly retained"
by the South Koreans "with con
nivance of the U.S." starting on
June 18, 1953, and were "impressed
into" the ROK army.
GENEVA, May 3 (UP)—Commu
nist China tonight shattered the last
chance for agreement on Korea here
with a bitter statement demanding
that the United States repatriate
more than 48,000 Communist war
prisoners who have refused to re
turn to their Red homelands.
Chinese Communist Premier Chou
En-lai told the Geneva conference
that the Chinese and North Korean
prisoners are forcibly held. He pro
posed a repatriation plan which was
immediately rejected by the United
States.
Chou charged that more than 27,-
000 North Korean and Red Chinese
prisoners were "forcibly retained"
by the South Koreans "with con
nivance of the U.S." starting on
June 18, 1953, and were "impressed
into" the ROK army.
GENEVA, May 3 (UP)—Commu
nist China tonight shattered the last
chance for agreement on Korea here
with a bitter statement demanding
that the United States repatriate
more than 48,000 Communist war
prisoners who have refused to re
turn to their Red homelands.
Chinese Communist Premier Chou
En-lai told the Geneva conference
that the Chinese and North Korean
prisoners are forcibly held. He pro
posed a repatriation plan which was
immediately rejected by the United
States.
Chou charged that more than 27,-
000 North Korean and Red Chinese
prisoners were "forcibly retained"
by the South Koreans "with con
nivance of the U.S." starting on
June 18, 1953, and were "impressed
into" the ROK army.
GENEVA, May 3 (UP)—Commu
nist China tonight shattered the last
chance for agreement on Korea here
with a bitter statement demanding
that the United States repatriate
more than 48,000 Communist war
prisoners who have refused to re
turn to their Red homelands.
Chinese Communist Premier Chou
En-lai told the Geneva conference
that the Chinese and North Korean
prisoners are forcibly held. He pro
posed a repatriation plan which was
immediately rejected by the United
States.
Chou charged that more than 27,-
000 North Korean and Red Chinese
prisoners were "forcibly retained"
by the South Koreans "with con
nivance of the U.S." starting on
June 18, 1953, and were "impressed
into" the ROK army.
GENEVA, May 3 (UP)—Commu
nist China tonight shattered the last
chance for agreement on Korea here
with a bitter statement demanding
that the United States repatriate
more than 48,000 Communist war
prisoners who have refused to re
turn to their Red homelands.
Chinese Communist Premier Chou
En-lai told the Geneva conference
that the Chinese and North Korean
prisoners are forcibly held. He pro
posed a repatriation plan which was
immediately rejected by the United
States.
Chou charged that more than 27,-
000 North Korean and Red Chinese
prisoners were "forcibly retained"
by the South Koreans "with con
nivance of the U.S." starting on
June 18, 1953, and were "impressed
into" the ROK army.
GENEVA, May 3 (UP)—Commu
nist China tonight shattered the last
chance for agreement on Korea here
with a bitter statement demanding
that the United States repatriate
more than 48,000 Communist war
prisoners who have refused to re
turn to their Red homelands.
Chinese Communist Premier Chou
En-lai told the Geneva conference
that the Chinese and North Korean
prisoners are forcibly held. He pro
posed a repatriation plan which was
immediately rejected by the United
States.
Chou charged that more than 27,-
000 North Korean and Red Chinese
prisoners were "forcibly retained"
by the South Koreans "with con
nivance of the U.S." starting on
June 18, 1953, and were "impressed
into" the ROK army.
GENEVA, May 3 (UP)—Commu
nist China tonight shattered the last
chance for agreement on Korea here
with a bitter statement demanding
that the United States repatriate
more than 48,000 Communist war
prisoners who have refused to re
turn to their Red homelands.
Chinese Communist Premier Chou
En-lai told the Geneva conference
that the Chinese and North Korean
prisoners are forcibly held. He pro
posed a repatriation plan which was
immediately rejected by the United
States.
Chou charged that more than 27,-
000 North Korean and Red Chinese
prisoners were "forcibly retained"
by the South Koreans "with con
nivance of the U.S." starting on
June 18, 1953, and were "impressed
into" the ROK army.
GENEVA, May 3 (UP)—Commu
nist China tonight shattered the last
chance for agreement on Korea here
with a bitter statement demanding
that the United States repatriate
more than 48,000 Communist war
prisoners who have refused to re
turn to their Red homelands.
Chinese Communist Premier Chou
En-lai told the Geneva conference
that the Chinese and North Korean
prisoners are forcibly held. He pro
posed a repatriation plan which was
immediately rejected by the United
States.
Chou charged that more than 27,-
000 North Korean and Red Chinese
prisoners were "forcibly retained"
by the South Koreans "with con
nivance of the U.S." starting on
June 18, 1953, and were "impressed
into" the ROK army.
GENEVA, May 3 (UP)—Commu
nist China tonight shattered the last
chance for agreement on Korea here
with a bitter statement demanding
that the United States repatriate
more than 48,000 Communist war
prisoners who have refused to re
turn to their Red homelands.
Chinese Communist Premier Chou
En-lai told the Geneva conference
that the Chinese and North Korean
prisoners are forcibly held. He pro
posed a repatriation plan which was
immediately rejected by the United
States.
Chou charged that more than 27,-
000 North Korean and Red Chinese
prisoners were "forcibly retained"
by the South Koreans "with con
nivance of the U.S." starting on
June 18, 1953, and were "impressed
into" the ROK army.
GENEVA, May 3 (UP)—Commu
nist China tonight shattered the last
chance for agreement on Korea here
with a bitter statement demanding
that the United States repatriate
more than 48,000 Communist war
prisoners who have refused to re
turn to their Red homelands.
Chinese Communist Premier Chou
En-lai told the Geneva conference
that the Chinese and North Korean
prisoners are forcibly held. He pro
posed a repatriation plan which was
immediately rejected by the United
States.
Chou charged that more than 27,-
000 North Korean and Red Chinese
prisoners were "forcibly retained"
by the South Koreans "with con
nivance of the U.S." starting on
June 18, 1953, and were "impressed
into" the ROK army.
GENEVA, May 3 (UP)—Commu
nist China tonight shattered the last
chance for agreement on Korea here
with a bitter statement demanding
that the United States repatriate
more than 48,000 Communist war
prisoners who have refused to re
turn to their Red homelands.
Chinese Communist Premier Chou
En-lai told the Geneva conference
that the Chinese and North Korean
prisoners are forcibly held. He pro
posed a repatriation plan which was
immediately rejected by the United
States.
Chou charged that more than 27,-
000 North Korean and Red Chinese
prisoners were "forcibly retained"
by the South Koreans "with con
nivance of the U.S." starting on
June 18, 1953, and were "impressed
into" the ROK army.
GENEVA, May 3 (UP)—Commu
nist China tonight shattered the last
chance for agreement on Korea here
with a bitter statement demanding
that the United States repatriate
more than 48,000 Communist war
prisoners who have refused to re
turn to their Red homelands.
Chinese Communist Premier Chou
En-lai told the Geneva conference
that the Chinese and North Korean
prisoners are forcibly held. He pro
posed a repatriation plan which was
immediately rejected by the United
States.
Chou charged that more than 27,-
000 North Korean and Red Chinese
prisoners were "forcibly retained"
by the South Koreans "with con
nivance of the U.S." starting on
June 18, 1953, and were "impressed
into" the ROK army.
GENEVA, May 3 (UP)—Commu
nist China tonight shattered the last
chance for agreement on Korea here
with a bitter statement demanding
that the United States repatriate
more than 48,000 Communist war
prisoners who have refused to re
turn to their Red homelands.
Chinese Communist Premier Chou
En-lai told the Geneva conference
that the Chinese and North Korean
prisoners are forcibly held. He pro
posed a repatriation plan which was
immediately rejected by the United
States.
Chou charged that more than 27,-
000 North Korean and Red Chinese
prisoners were "forcibly retained"
by the South Koreans "with con
nivance of the U.S." starting on
June 18, 1953, and were "impressed
into" the ROK army.
GENEVA, May 3 (UP)—Commu
nist China tonight shattered the last
chance for agreement on Korea here
with a bitter statement demanding
that the United States repatriate
more than 48,000 Communist war
prisoners who have refused to re
turn to their Red homelands.
Chinese Communist Premier Chou
En-lai told the Geneva conference
that the Chinese and North Korean
prisoners are forcibly held. He pro
posed a repatriation plan which was
immediately rejected by the United
States.
Chou charged that more than 27,-
000 North Korean and Red Chinese
prisoners were "forcibly retained"
by the South Koreans "with con
nivance of the U.S." starting on
June 18, 1953, and were "impressed
into" the ROK army.
