# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
Dl SALVO'S
BARBER SHOP
formerly of the Waldorf
EXPERT WORKMANSHIP
COURTEOUS SERVICE
PALO ALTO
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
ft AIRLINES
ft STEAMSHIP LINES
ft AMERICAN EXPRESS
ft THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student- groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 R.iniona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
Dl SALVO'S
BARBER SHOP
formerly of the Waldorf
EXPERT WORKMANSHIP
COURTEOUS SERVICE
PALO ALTO
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
ft AIRLINES
ft STEAMSHIP LINES
ft AMERICAN EXPRESS
ft THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student- groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 R.iniona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
Dl SALVO'S
BARBER SHOP
formerly of the Waldorf
EXPERT WORKMANSHIP
COURTEOUS SERVICE
PALO ALTO
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
ft AIRLINES
ft STEAMSHIP LINES
ft AMERICAN EXPRESS
ft THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student- groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 R.iniona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
Dl SALVO'S
BARBER SHOP
formerly of the Waldorf
EXPERT WORKMANSHIP
COURTEOUS SERVICE
PALO ALTO
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
ft AIRLINES
ft STEAMSHIP LINES
ft AMERICAN EXPRESS
ft THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student- groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 R.iniona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
Dl SALVO'S
BARBER SHOP
formerly of the Waldorf
EXPERT WORKMANSHIP
COURTEOUS SERVICE
PALO ALTO
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
ft AIRLINES
ft STEAMSHIP LINES
ft AMERICAN EXPRESS
ft THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student- groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 R.iniona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
Dl SALVO'S
BARBER SHOP
formerly of the Waldorf
EXPERT WORKMANSHIP
COURTEOUS SERVICE
PALO ALTO
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
ft AIRLINES
ft STEAMSHIP LINES
ft AMERICAN EXPRESS
ft THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student- groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 R.iniona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
Dl SALVO'S
BARBER SHOP
formerly of the Waldorf
EXPERT WORKMANSHIP
COURTEOUS SERVICE
PALO ALTO
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
ft AIRLINES
ft STEAMSHIP LINES
ft AMERICAN EXPRESS
ft THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student- groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 R.iniona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
Dl SALVO'S
BARBER SHOP
formerly of the Waldorf
EXPERT WORKMANSHIP
COURTEOUS SERVICE
PALO ALTO
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
ft AIRLINES
ft STEAMSHIP LINES
ft AMERICAN EXPRESS
ft THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student- groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 R.iniona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
Dl SALVO'S
BARBER SHOP
formerly of the Waldorf
EXPERT WORKMANSHIP
COURTEOUS SERVICE
PALO ALTO
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
ft AIRLINES
ft STEAMSHIP LINES
ft AMERICAN EXPRESS
ft THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student- groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 R.iniona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
Dl SALVO'S
BARBER SHOP
formerly of the Waldorf
EXPERT WORKMANSHIP
COURTEOUS SERVICE
PALO ALTO
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
ft AIRLINES
ft STEAMSHIP LINES
ft AMERICAN EXPRESS
ft THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student- groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 R.iniona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
Dl SALVO'S
BARBER SHOP
formerly of the Waldorf
EXPERT WORKMANSHIP
COURTEOUS SERVICE
PALO ALTO
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
ft AIRLINES
ft STEAMSHIP LINES
ft AMERICAN EXPRESS
ft THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student- groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 R.iniona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
Dl SALVO'S
BARBER SHOP
formerly of the Waldorf
EXPERT WORKMANSHIP
COURTEOUS SERVICE
PALO ALTO
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
ft AIRLINES
ft STEAMSHIP LINES
ft AMERICAN EXPRESS
ft THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student- groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 R.iniona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
Dl SALVO'S
BARBER SHOP
formerly of the Waldorf
EXPERT WORKMANSHIP
COURTEOUS SERVICE
PALO ALTO
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
ft AIRLINES
ft STEAMSHIP LINES
ft AMERICAN EXPRESS
ft THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student- groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 R.iniona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
Dl SALVO'S
BARBER SHOP
formerly of the Waldorf
EXPERT WORKMANSHIP
COURTEOUS SERVICE
PALO ALTO
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
ft AIRLINES
ft STEAMSHIP LINES
ft AMERICAN EXPRESS
ft THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student- groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 R.iniona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
Dl SALVO'S
BARBER SHOP
formerly of the Waldorf
EXPERT WORKMANSHIP
COURTEOUS SERVICE
PALO ALTO
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
ft AIRLINES
ft STEAMSHIP LINES
ft AMERICAN EXPRESS
ft THOMAS COOK
ft SITA
Student- groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 R.iniona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
