# Adv. 16 Page 4
## 
### 
, RUBINSTEIN
makes the Chopin Waltzes
sound a lot different than
something every piano stu
dent tries to play.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
, RUBINSTEIN
makes the Chopin Waltzes
sound a lot different than
something every piano stu
dent tries to play.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
, RUBINSTEIN
makes the Chopin Waltzes
sound a lot different than
something every piano stu
dent tries to play.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
, RUBINSTEIN
makes the Chopin Waltzes
sound a lot different than
something every piano stu
dent tries to play.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
, RUBINSTEIN
makes the Chopin Waltzes
sound a lot different than
something every piano stu
dent tries to play.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
, RUBINSTEIN
makes the Chopin Waltzes
sound a lot different than
something every piano stu
dent tries to play.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
, RUBINSTEIN
makes the Chopin Waltzes
sound a lot different than
something every piano stu
dent tries to play.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
, RUBINSTEIN
makes the Chopin Waltzes
sound a lot different than
something every piano stu
dent tries to play.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
, RUBINSTEIN
makes the Chopin Waltzes
sound a lot different than
something every piano stu
dent tries to play.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
, RUBINSTEIN
makes the Chopin Waltzes
sound a lot different than
something every piano stu
dent tries to play.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
, RUBINSTEIN
makes the Chopin Waltzes
sound a lot different than
something every piano stu
dent tries to play.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
, RUBINSTEIN
makes the Chopin Waltzes
sound a lot different than
something every piano stu
dent tries to play.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
, RUBINSTEIN
makes the Chopin Waltzes
sound a lot different than
something every piano stu
dent tries to play.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
, RUBINSTEIN
makes the Chopin Waltzes
sound a lot different than
something every piano stu
dent tries to play.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
, RUBINSTEIN
makes the Chopin Waltzes
sound a lot different than
something every piano stu
dent tries to play.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. DA 3-5791
