# Peron Will Make Home in Nicaragua
## 
### 
Ousted Argentine Dictator Juan D.
Peron ended his one-month exile in
Paraguay today and took off by
plane for the Central American re
public of Nicaragua. ,
It was understood that Peron
planned to make Nicaragua his fu
ture residence. He is a personal
friend of Nicaragua!! President An
astasio Somoza, who visited Argen
tina while Peron was in power and
bought, a string of Argentine race
horses there.
In Buenos Aires government ad
ministrators are expected to be
named shortly to take over the once
great independent newspaper La
Prcnsa ann the Pcronist newspaper
El Lider both now propaganda or
gans of the General Confederation
of Labor (GCT).
