# Glee Club May Take Trip East in Spring
## 
### 
Stanford Glee Club is planning
some interesting trips this year, per
haps to Chicago, in spring vacation,
and to Honolulu, next summer, but
nothing definite has as yet been de
cided. With the recent addition of a
first tenor, J. W. Freeman, '20, the
club is now complete, and under the
leadership of T. A. Larremore, in
structor in law, it is preparing an ex
tensive repertoire.
A ten-day trip during the spring va
cation, as far as Chicago, under the
auspices of the Harvey Home Enter
tainment Bureau, is being considered.
Next summer's trip is merely a rumor,
but if the spring tour is successful, a
trip may be taken either to the north
or to Honolulu.
Stanford Glee Club is planning
some interesting trips this year, per
haps to Chicago, in spring vacation,
and to Honolulu, next summer, but
nothing definite has as yet been de
cided. With the recent addition of a
first tenor, J. W. Freeman, '20, the
club is now complete, and under the
leadership of T. A. Larremore, in
structor in law, it is preparing an ex
tensive repertoire.
A ten-day trip during the spring va
cation, as far as Chicago, under the
auspices of the Harvey Home Enter
tainment Bureau, is being considered.
Next summer's trip is merely a rumor,
but if the spring tour is successful, a
trip may be taken either to the north
or to Honolulu.
Stanford Glee Club is planning
some interesting trips this year, per
haps to Chicago, in spring vacation,
and to Honolulu, next summer, but
nothing definite has as yet been de
cided. With the recent addition of a
first tenor, J. W. Freeman, '20, the
club is now complete, and under the
leadership of T. A. Larremore, in
structor in law, it is preparing an ex
tensive repertoire.
A ten-day trip during the spring va
cation, as far as Chicago, under the
auspices of the Harvey Home Enter
tainment Bureau, is being considered.
Next summer's trip is merely a rumor,
but if the spring tour is successful, a
trip may be taken either to the north
or to Honolulu.
Stanford Glee Club is planning
some interesting trips this year, per
haps to Chicago, in spring vacation,
and to Honolulu, next summer, but
nothing definite has as yet been de
cided. With the recent addition of a
first tenor, J. W. Freeman, '20, the
club is now complete, and under the
leadership of T. A. Larremore, in
structor in law, it is preparing an ex
tensive repertoire.
A ten-day trip during the spring va
cation, as far as Chicago, under the
auspices of the Harvey Home Enter
tainment Bureau, is being considered.
Next summer's trip is merely a rumor,
but if the spring tour is successful, a
trip may be taken either to the north
or to Honolulu.
Stanford Glee Club is planning
some interesting trips this year, per
haps to Chicago, in spring vacation,
and to Honolulu, next summer, but
nothing definite has as yet been de
cided. With the recent addition of a
first tenor, J. W. Freeman, '20, the
club is now complete, and under the
leadership of T. A. Larremore, in
structor in law, it is preparing an ex
tensive repertoire.
A ten-day trip during the spring va
cation, as far as Chicago, under the
auspices of the Harvey Home Enter
tainment Bureau, is being considered.
Next summer's trip is merely a rumor,
but if the spring tour is successful, a
trip may be taken either to the north
or to Honolulu.
Stanford Glee Club is planning
some interesting trips this year, per
haps to Chicago, in spring vacation,
and to Honolulu, next summer, but
nothing definite has as yet been de
cided. With the recent addition of a
first tenor, J. W. Freeman, '20, the
club is now complete, and under the
leadership of T. A. Larremore, in
structor in law, it is preparing an ex
tensive repertoire.
A ten-day trip during the spring va
cation, as far as Chicago, under the
auspices of the Harvey Home Enter
tainment Bureau, is being considered.
Next summer's trip is merely a rumor,
but if the spring tour is successful, a
trip may be taken either to the north
or to Honolulu.
Stanford Glee Club is planning
some interesting trips this year, per
haps to Chicago, in spring vacation,
and to Honolulu, next summer, but
nothing definite has as yet been de
cided. With the recent addition of a
first tenor, J. W. Freeman, '20, the
club is now complete, and under the
leadership of T. A. Larremore, in
structor in law, it is preparing an ex
tensive repertoire.
A ten-day trip during the spring va
cation, as far as Chicago, under the
auspices of the Harvey Home Enter
tainment Bureau, is being considered.
Next summer's trip is merely a rumor,
but if the spring tour is successful, a
trip may be taken either to the north
or to Honolulu.
Stanford Glee Club is planning
some interesting trips this year, per
haps to Chicago, in spring vacation,
and to Honolulu, next summer, but
nothing definite has as yet been de
cided. With the recent addition of a
first tenor, J. W. Freeman, '20, the
club is now complete, and under the
leadership of T. A. Larremore, in
structor in law, it is preparing an ex
tensive repertoire.
A ten-day trip during the spring va
cation, as far as Chicago, under the
auspices of the Harvey Home Enter
tainment Bureau, is being considered.
Next summer's trip is merely a rumor,
but if the spring tour is successful, a
trip may be taken either to the north
or to Honolulu.
Stanford Glee Club is planning
some interesting trips this year, per
haps to Chicago, in spring vacation,
and to Honolulu, next summer, but
nothing definite has as yet been de
cided. With the recent addition of a
first tenor, J. W. Freeman, '20, the
club is now complete, and under the
leadership of T. A. Larremore, in
structor in law, it is preparing an ex
tensive repertoire.
A ten-day trip during the spring va
cation, as far as Chicago, under the
auspices of the Harvey Home Enter
tainment Bureau, is being considered.
Next summer's trip is merely a rumor,
but if the spring tour is successful, a
trip may be taken either to the north
or to Honolulu.
Stanford Glee Club is planning
some interesting trips this year, per
haps to Chicago, in spring vacation,
and to Honolulu, next summer, but
nothing definite has as yet been de
cided. With the recent addition of a
first tenor, J. W. Freeman, '20, the
club is now complete, and under the
leadership of T. A. Larremore, in
structor in law, it is preparing an ex
tensive repertoire.
A ten-day trip during the spring va
cation, as far as Chicago, under the
auspices of the Harvey Home Enter
tainment Bureau, is being considered.
Next summer's trip is merely a rumor,
but if the spring tour is successful, a
trip may be taken either to the north
or to Honolulu.
Stanford Glee Club is planning
some interesting trips this year, per
haps to Chicago, in spring vacation,
and to Honolulu, next summer, but
nothing definite has as yet been de
cided. With the recent addition of a
first tenor, J. W. Freeman, '20, the
club is now complete, and under the
leadership of T. A. Larremore, in
structor in law, it is preparing an ex
tensive repertoire.
A ten-day trip during the spring va
cation, as far as Chicago, under the
auspices of the Harvey Home Enter
tainment Bureau, is being considered.
Next summer's trip is merely a rumor,
but if the spring tour is successful, a
trip may be taken either to the north
or to Honolulu.
Stanford Glee Club is planning
some interesting trips this year, per
haps to Chicago, in spring vacation,
and to Honolulu, next summer, but
nothing definite has as yet been de
cided. With the recent addition of a
first tenor, J. W. Freeman, '20, the
club is now complete, and under the
leadership of T. A. Larremore, in
structor in law, it is preparing an ex
tensive repertoire.
A ten-day trip during the spring va
cation, as far as Chicago, under the
auspices of the Harvey Home Enter
tainment Bureau, is being considered.
Next summer's trip is merely a rumor,
but if the spring tour is successful, a
trip may be taken either to the north
or to Honolulu.
Stanford Glee Club is planning
some interesting trips this year, per
haps to Chicago, in spring vacation,
and to Honolulu, next summer, but
nothing definite has as yet been de
cided. With the recent addition of a
first tenor, J. W. Freeman, '20, the
club is now complete, and under the
leadership of T. A. Larremore, in
structor in law, it is preparing an ex
tensive repertoire.
A ten-day trip during the spring va
cation, as far as Chicago, under the
auspices of the Harvey Home Enter
tainment Bureau, is being considered.
Next summer's trip is merely a rumor,
but if the spring tour is successful, a
trip may be taken either to the north
or to Honolulu.
Stanford Glee Club is planning
some interesting trips this year, per
haps to Chicago, in spring vacation,
and to Honolulu, next summer, but
nothing definite has as yet been de
cided. With the recent addition of a
first tenor, J. W. Freeman, '20, the
club is now complete, and under the
leadership of T. A. Larremore, in
structor in law, it is preparing an ex
tensive repertoire.
A ten-day trip during the spring va
cation, as far as Chicago, under the
auspices of the Harvey Home Enter
tainment Bureau, is being considered.
Next summer's trip is merely a rumor,
but if the spring tour is successful, a
trip may be taken either to the north
or to Honolulu.
Stanford Glee Club is planning
some interesting trips this year, per
haps to Chicago, in spring vacation,
and to Honolulu, next summer, but
nothing definite has as yet been de
cided. With the recent addition of a
first tenor, J. W. Freeman, '20, the
club is now complete, and under the
leadership of T. A. Larremore, in
structor in law, it is preparing an ex
tensive repertoire.
A ten-day trip during the spring va
cation, as far as Chicago, under the
auspices of the Harvey Home Enter
tainment Bureau, is being considered.
Next summer's trip is merely a rumor,
but if the spring tour is successful, a
trip may be taken either to the north
or to Honolulu.
