# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Dr. David Starr Jordan will deliver
his famous lecture on "Heredity" at
San Matoo, tomorrow night, under
the auspices of the Knights of Co
lumbus.
Dr. David Starr Jordan will deliver
his famous lecture on "Heredity" at
San Matoo, tomorrow night, under
the auspices of the Knights of Co
lumbus.
Dr. David Starr Jordan will deliver
his famous lecture on "Heredity" at
San Matoo, tomorrow night, under
the auspices of the Knights of Co
lumbus.
Dr. David Starr Jordan will deliver
his famous lecture on "Heredity" at
San Matoo, tomorrow night, under
the auspices of the Knights of Co
lumbus.
Dr. David Starr Jordan will deliver
his famous lecture on "Heredity" at
San Matoo, tomorrow night, under
the auspices of the Knights of Co
lumbus.
Dr. David Starr Jordan will deliver
his famous lecture on "Heredity" at
San Matoo, tomorrow night, under
the auspices of the Knights of Co
lumbus.
Dr. David Starr Jordan will deliver
his famous lecture on "Heredity" at
San Matoo, tomorrow night, under
the auspices of the Knights of Co
lumbus.
Dr. David Starr Jordan will deliver
his famous lecture on "Heredity" at
San Matoo, tomorrow night, under
the auspices of the Knights of Co
lumbus.
Dr. David Starr Jordan will deliver
his famous lecture on "Heredity" at
San Matoo, tomorrow night, under
the auspices of the Knights of Co
lumbus.
Dr. David Starr Jordan will deliver
his famous lecture on "Heredity" at
San Matoo, tomorrow night, under
the auspices of the Knights of Co
lumbus.
Dr. David Starr Jordan will deliver
his famous lecture on "Heredity" at
San Matoo, tomorrow night, under
the auspices of the Knights of Co
lumbus.
Dr. David Starr Jordan will deliver
his famous lecture on "Heredity" at
San Matoo, tomorrow night, under
the auspices of the Knights of Co
lumbus.
Dr. David Starr Jordan will deliver
his famous lecture on "Heredity" at
San Matoo, tomorrow night, under
the auspices of the Knights of Co
lumbus.
Dr. David Starr Jordan will deliver
his famous lecture on "Heredity" at
San Matoo, tomorrow night, under
the auspices of the Knights of Co
lumbus.
Dr. David Starr Jordan will deliver
his famous lecture on "Heredity" at
San Matoo, tomorrow night, under
the auspices of the Knights of Co
lumbus.
