# Delays Hauptmann Execution
## 
### 

TO COL. MARK O. KIMBERLING (right). New Jersey state prison
warden, Bruno Richard Hauptmann is indebted for a 48-hour stay
of execution. Col. Kimberling pictured conversing with Sergeant
Charles T. Mullen, reported that the condemned man broke down
and wept when lie heard of the delay. (A.P. Photo)

TO COL. MARK O. KIMBERLING (right). New Jersey state prison
warden, Bruno Richard Hauptmann is indebted for a 48-hour stay
of execution. Col. Kimberling pictured conversing with Sergeant
Charles T. Mullen, reported that the condemned man broke down
and wept when lie heard of the delay. (A.P. Photo)

TO COL. MARK O. KIMBERLING (right). New Jersey state prison
warden, Bruno Richard Hauptmann is indebted for a 48-hour stay
of execution. Col. Kimberling pictured conversing with Sergeant
Charles T. Mullen, reported that the condemned man broke down
and wept when lie heard of the delay. (A.P. Photo)

TO COL. MARK O. KIMBERLING (right). New Jersey state prison
warden, Bruno Richard Hauptmann is indebted for a 48-hour stay
of execution. Col. Kimberling pictured conversing with Sergeant
Charles T. Mullen, reported that the condemned man broke down
and wept when lie heard of the delay. (A.P. Photo)

TO COL. MARK O. KIMBERLING (right). New Jersey state prison
warden, Bruno Richard Hauptmann is indebted for a 48-hour stay
of execution. Col. Kimberling pictured conversing with Sergeant
Charles T. Mullen, reported that the condemned man broke down
and wept when lie heard of the delay. (A.P. Photo)

TO COL. MARK O. KIMBERLING (right). New Jersey state prison
warden, Bruno Richard Hauptmann is indebted for a 48-hour stay
of execution. Col. Kimberling pictured conversing with Sergeant
Charles T. Mullen, reported that the condemned man broke down
and wept when lie heard of the delay. (A.P. Photo)

TO COL. MARK O. KIMBERLING (right). New Jersey state prison
warden, Bruno Richard Hauptmann is indebted for a 48-hour stay
of execution. Col. Kimberling pictured conversing with Sergeant
Charles T. Mullen, reported that the condemned man broke down
and wept when lie heard of the delay. (A.P. Photo)

TO COL. MARK O. KIMBERLING (right). New Jersey state prison
warden, Bruno Richard Hauptmann is indebted for a 48-hour stay
of execution. Col. Kimberling pictured conversing with Sergeant
Charles T. Mullen, reported that the condemned man broke down
and wept when lie heard of the delay. (A.P. Photo)

TO COL. MARK O. KIMBERLING (right). New Jersey state prison
warden, Bruno Richard Hauptmann is indebted for a 48-hour stay
of execution. Col. Kimberling pictured conversing with Sergeant
Charles T. Mullen, reported that the condemned man broke down
and wept when lie heard of the delay. (A.P. Photo)

TO COL. MARK O. KIMBERLING (right). New Jersey state prison
warden, Bruno Richard Hauptmann is indebted for a 48-hour stay
of execution. Col. Kimberling pictured conversing with Sergeant
Charles T. Mullen, reported that the condemned man broke down
and wept when lie heard of the delay. (A.P. Photo)

TO COL. MARK O. KIMBERLING (right). New Jersey state prison
warden, Bruno Richard Hauptmann is indebted for a 48-hour stay
of execution. Col. Kimberling pictured conversing with Sergeant
Charles T. Mullen, reported that the condemned man broke down
and wept when lie heard of the delay. (A.P. Photo)

TO COL. MARK O. KIMBERLING (right). New Jersey state prison
warden, Bruno Richard Hauptmann is indebted for a 48-hour stay
of execution. Col. Kimberling pictured conversing with Sergeant
Charles T. Mullen, reported that the condemned man broke down
and wept when lie heard of the delay. (A.P. Photo)

TO COL. MARK O. KIMBERLING (right). New Jersey state prison
warden, Bruno Richard Hauptmann is indebted for a 48-hour stay
of execution. Col. Kimberling pictured conversing with Sergeant
Charles T. Mullen, reported that the condemned man broke down
and wept when lie heard of the delay. (A.P. Photo)

TO COL. MARK O. KIMBERLING (right). New Jersey state prison
warden, Bruno Richard Hauptmann is indebted for a 48-hour stay
of execution. Col. Kimberling pictured conversing with Sergeant
Charles T. Mullen, reported that the condemned man broke down
and wept when lie heard of the delay. (A.P. Photo)

TO COL. MARK O. KIMBERLING (right). New Jersey state prison
warden, Bruno Richard Hauptmann is indebted for a 48-hour stay
of execution. Col. Kimberling pictured conversing with Sergeant
Charles T. Mullen, reported that the condemned man broke down
and wept when lie heard of the delay. (A.P. Photo)

TO COL. MARK O. KIMBERLING (right). New Jersey state prison
warden, Bruno Richard Hauptmann is indebted for a 48-hour stay
of execution. Col. Kimberling pictured conversing with Sergeant
Charles T. Mullen, reported that the condemned man broke down
and wept when lie heard of the delay. (A.P. Photo)
