# Clemoball, Unruled Sport, Started Here
## 
### 
Roughest sport in many schools,
water polo takes second place at
Stanford with the recent inaugura
tion of Clemoball at the Encina
pools. Bill Clemo, present water
polo coach, is the inventor.

There are few rules, so no referee
is needed. Tactics that would be
considered fouls in water polo are
used frsely and fairly in Clemoball.
In his attempt to get his hand on
the ball or score a goal the player
spares neither effort nor opponent.
Anything he can do to hinder a man
playing against him is legal and is
done. Ducking, shoving off, elbow
ing, holding, and kneeing are all
common, since there is no whistle
to prevent the swimmers from us
ing such tactics.
Of all the cities in the United
States, El Paso, Tex., is the most
isolated from others. Its nearest
neighbor, San Antonio, lies more
than 500 miles away.
