# New Spring Registration Reaches 3522
## 
### 
Late comers have swelled total
registration from a first-day figure
of 3373 to 3522 at the close of yes
terday's registration, according to
figures released by the registrar's
office.
Continuing to shatter previous
records, this figure compares with
an enrollment of 3387 on the corre
sponding day of spring quarter last
year. It is short, however, of the
total for the past winter quarter,
3792.
Yesterday's registration figure in
cludes 1020 women.
Late comers have swelled total
registration from a first-day figure
of 3373 to 3522 at the close of yes
terday's registration, according to
figures released by the registrar's
office.
Continuing to shatter previous
records, this figure compares with
an enrollment of 3387 on the corre
sponding day of spring quarter last
year. It is short, however, of the
total for the past winter quarter,
3792.
Yesterday's registration figure in
cludes 1020 women.
Late comers have swelled total
registration from a first-day figure
of 3373 to 3522 at the close of yes
terday's registration, according to
figures released by the registrar's
office.
Continuing to shatter previous
records, this figure compares with
an enrollment of 3387 on the corre
sponding day of spring quarter last
year. It is short, however, of the
total for the past winter quarter,
3792.
Yesterday's registration figure in
cludes 1020 women.
Late comers have swelled total
registration from a first-day figure
of 3373 to 3522 at the close of yes
terday's registration, according to
figures released by the registrar's
office.
Continuing to shatter previous
records, this figure compares with
an enrollment of 3387 on the corre
sponding day of spring quarter last
year. It is short, however, of the
total for the past winter quarter,
3792.
Yesterday's registration figure in
cludes 1020 women.
Late comers have swelled total
registration from a first-day figure
of 3373 to 3522 at the close of yes
terday's registration, according to
figures released by the registrar's
office.
Continuing to shatter previous
records, this figure compares with
an enrollment of 3387 on the corre
sponding day of spring quarter last
year. It is short, however, of the
total for the past winter quarter,
3792.
Yesterday's registration figure in
cludes 1020 women.
Late comers have swelled total
registration from a first-day figure
of 3373 to 3522 at the close of yes
terday's registration, according to
figures released by the registrar's
office.
Continuing to shatter previous
records, this figure compares with
an enrollment of 3387 on the corre
sponding day of spring quarter last
year. It is short, however, of the
total for the past winter quarter,
3792.
Yesterday's registration figure in
cludes 1020 women.
Late comers have swelled total
registration from a first-day figure
of 3373 to 3522 at the close of yes
terday's registration, according to
figures released by the registrar's
office.
Continuing to shatter previous
records, this figure compares with
an enrollment of 3387 on the corre
sponding day of spring quarter last
year. It is short, however, of the
total for the past winter quarter,
3792.
Yesterday's registration figure in
cludes 1020 women.
Late comers have swelled total
registration from a first-day figure
of 3373 to 3522 at the close of yes
terday's registration, according to
figures released by the registrar's
office.
Continuing to shatter previous
records, this figure compares with
an enrollment of 3387 on the corre
sponding day of spring quarter last
year. It is short, however, of the
total for the past winter quarter,
3792.
Yesterday's registration figure in
cludes 1020 women.
Late comers have swelled total
registration from a first-day figure
of 3373 to 3522 at the close of yes
terday's registration, according to
figures released by the registrar's
office.
Continuing to shatter previous
records, this figure compares with
an enrollment of 3387 on the corre
sponding day of spring quarter last
year. It is short, however, of the
total for the past winter quarter,
3792.
Yesterday's registration figure in
cludes 1020 women.
Late comers have swelled total
registration from a first-day figure
of 3373 to 3522 at the close of yes
terday's registration, according to
figures released by the registrar's
office.
Continuing to shatter previous
records, this figure compares with
an enrollment of 3387 on the corre
sponding day of spring quarter last
year. It is short, however, of the
total for the past winter quarter,
3792.
Yesterday's registration figure in
cludes 1020 women.
Late comers have swelled total
registration from a first-day figure
of 3373 to 3522 at the close of yes
terday's registration, according to
figures released by the registrar's
office.
Continuing to shatter previous
records, this figure compares with
an enrollment of 3387 on the corre
sponding day of spring quarter last
year. It is short, however, of the
total for the past winter quarter,
3792.
Yesterday's registration figure in
cludes 1020 women.
Late comers have swelled total
registration from a first-day figure
of 3373 to 3522 at the close of yes
terday's registration, according to
figures released by the registrar's
office.
Continuing to shatter previous
records, this figure compares with
an enrollment of 3387 on the corre
sponding day of spring quarter last
year. It is short, however, of the
total for the past winter quarter,
3792.
Yesterday's registration figure in
cludes 1020 women.
Late comers have swelled total
registration from a first-day figure
of 3373 to 3522 at the close of yes
terday's registration, according to
figures released by the registrar's
office.
Continuing to shatter previous
records, this figure compares with
an enrollment of 3387 on the corre
sponding day of spring quarter last
year. It is short, however, of the
total for the past winter quarter,
3792.
Yesterday's registration figure in
cludes 1020 women.
Late comers have swelled total
registration from a first-day figure
of 3373 to 3522 at the close of yes
terday's registration, according to
figures released by the registrar's
office.
Continuing to shatter previous
records, this figure compares with
an enrollment of 3387 on the corre
sponding day of spring quarter last
year. It is short, however, of the
total for the past winter quarter,
3792.
Yesterday's registration figure in
cludes 1020 women.
Late comers have swelled total
registration from a first-day figure
of 3373 to 3522 at the close of yes
terday's registration, according to
figures released by the registrar's
office.
Continuing to shatter previous
records, this figure compares with
an enrollment of 3387 on the corre
sponding day of spring quarter last
year. It is short, however, of the
total for the past winter quarter,
3792.
Yesterday's registration figure in
cludes 1020 women.
Late comers have swelled total
registration from a first-day figure
of 3373 to 3522 at the close of yes
terday's registration, according to
figures released by the registrar's
office.
Continuing to shatter previous
records, this figure compares with
an enrollment of 3387 on the corre
sponding day of spring quarter last
year. It is short, however, of the
total for the past winter quarter,
3792.
Yesterday's registration figure in
cludes 1020 women.
