# Adv. 20 Page 4
## 
### 
Many Bay Region
branches under
strongly centralized
contro I afford tlie
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
•
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since ISC4
SAVINGS TRUST
COMMERCIAL BANK INC nil
Li*, — ———
PHONE P.A. 5230
GRACE PARTEE
MARINELLO DEPOT
Soft Water Shampoo
Frederics Vita-tonic
Permanent Waves
520 Emerson St. Palo Alto
Read Classified Ad;
Many Bay Region
branches under
strongly centralized
contro I afford tlie
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
•
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since ISC4
SAVINGS TRUST
COMMERCIAL BANK INC nil
Li*, — ———
PHONE P.A. 5230
GRACE PARTEE
MARINELLO DEPOT
Soft Water Shampoo
Frederics Vita-tonic
Permanent Waves
520 Emerson St. Palo Alto
Read Classified Ad;
Many Bay Region
branches under
strongly centralized
contro I afford tlie
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
•
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since ISC4
SAVINGS TRUST
COMMERCIAL BANK INC nil
Li*, — ———
PHONE P.A. 5230
GRACE PARTEE
MARINELLO DEPOT
Soft Water Shampoo
Frederics Vita-tonic
Permanent Waves
520 Emerson St. Palo Alto
Read Classified Ad;
Many Bay Region
branches under
strongly centralized
contro I afford tlie
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
•
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since ISC4
SAVINGS TRUST
COMMERCIAL BANK INC nil
Li*, — ———
PHONE P.A. 5230
GRACE PARTEE
MARINELLO DEPOT
Soft Water Shampoo
Frederics Vita-tonic
Permanent Waves
520 Emerson St. Palo Alto
Read Classified Ad;
Many Bay Region
branches under
strongly centralized
contro I afford tlie
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
•
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since ISC4
SAVINGS TRUST
COMMERCIAL BANK INC nil
Li*, — ———
PHONE P.A. 5230
GRACE PARTEE
MARINELLO DEPOT
Soft Water Shampoo
Frederics Vita-tonic
Permanent Waves
520 Emerson St. Palo Alto
Read Classified Ad;
Many Bay Region
branches under
strongly centralized
contro I afford tlie
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
•
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since ISC4
SAVINGS TRUST
COMMERCIAL BANK INC nil
Li*, — ———
PHONE P.A. 5230
GRACE PARTEE
MARINELLO DEPOT
Soft Water Shampoo
Frederics Vita-tonic
Permanent Waves
520 Emerson St. Palo Alto
Read Classified Ad;
Many Bay Region
branches under
strongly centralized
contro I afford tlie
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
•
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since ISC4
SAVINGS TRUST
COMMERCIAL BANK INC nil
Li*, — ———
PHONE P.A. 5230
GRACE PARTEE
MARINELLO DEPOT
Soft Water Shampoo
Frederics Vita-tonic
Permanent Waves
520 Emerson St. Palo Alto
Read Classified Ad;
Many Bay Region
branches under
strongly centralized
contro I afford tlie
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
•
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since ISC4
SAVINGS TRUST
COMMERCIAL BANK INC nil
Li*, — ———
PHONE P.A. 5230
GRACE PARTEE
MARINELLO DEPOT
Soft Water Shampoo
Frederics Vita-tonic
Permanent Waves
520 Emerson St. Palo Alto
Read Classified Ad;
Many Bay Region
branches under
strongly centralized
contro I afford tlie
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
•
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since ISC4
SAVINGS TRUST
COMMERCIAL BANK INC nil
Li*, — ———
PHONE P.A. 5230
GRACE PARTEE
MARINELLO DEPOT
Soft Water Shampoo
Frederics Vita-tonic
Permanent Waves
520 Emerson St. Palo Alto
Read Classified Ad;
Many Bay Region
branches under
strongly centralized
contro I afford tlie
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
•
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since ISC4
SAVINGS TRUST
COMMERCIAL BANK INC nil
Li*, — ———
PHONE P.A. 5230
GRACE PARTEE
MARINELLO DEPOT
Soft Water Shampoo
Frederics Vita-tonic
Permanent Waves
520 Emerson St. Palo Alto
Read Classified Ad;
Many Bay Region
branches under
strongly centralized
contro I afford tlie
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
•
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since ISC4
SAVINGS TRUST
COMMERCIAL BANK INC nil
Li*, — ———
PHONE P.A. 5230
GRACE PARTEE
MARINELLO DEPOT
Soft Water Shampoo
Frederics Vita-tonic
Permanent Waves
520 Emerson St. Palo Alto
Read Classified Ad;
Many Bay Region
branches under
strongly centralized
contro I afford tlie
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
•
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since ISC4
SAVINGS TRUST
COMMERCIAL BANK INC nil
Li*, — ———
PHONE P.A. 5230
GRACE PARTEE
MARINELLO DEPOT
Soft Water Shampoo
Frederics Vita-tonic
Permanent Waves
520 Emerson St. Palo Alto
Read Classified Ad;
Many Bay Region
branches under
strongly centralized
contro I afford tlie
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
•
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since ISC4
SAVINGS TRUST
COMMERCIAL BANK INC nil
Li*, — ———
PHONE P.A. 5230
GRACE PARTEE
MARINELLO DEPOT
Soft Water Shampoo
Frederics Vita-tonic
Permanent Waves
520 Emerson St. Palo Alto
Read Classified Ad;
Many Bay Region
branches under
strongly centralized
contro I afford tlie
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
•
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since ISC4
SAVINGS TRUST
COMMERCIAL BANK INC nil
Li*, — ———
PHONE P.A. 5230
GRACE PARTEE
MARINELLO DEPOT
Soft Water Shampoo
Frederics Vita-tonic
Permanent Waves
520 Emerson St. Palo Alto
Read Classified Ad;
Many Bay Region
branches under
strongly centralized
contro I afford tlie
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
•
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since ISC4
SAVINGS TRUST
COMMERCIAL BANK INC nil
Li*, — ———
PHONE P.A. 5230
GRACE PARTEE
MARINELLO DEPOT
Soft Water Shampoo
Frederics Vita-tonic
Permanent Waves
520 Emerson St. Palo Alto
Read Classified Ad;
