# LOVE AND TOBACCO
## 
### 
Love makes the world go round,
they say, but so does a swallow of
tobacco juice.
Love makes the world go round,
they say, but so does a swallow of
tobacco juice.
Love makes the world go round,
they say, but so does a swallow of
tobacco juice.
Love makes the world go round,
they say, but so does a swallow of
tobacco juice.
Love makes the world go round,
they say, but so does a swallow of
tobacco juice.
Love makes the world go round,
they say, but so does a swallow of
tobacco juice.
Love makes the world go round,
they say, but so does a swallow of
tobacco juice.
Love makes the world go round,
they say, but so does a swallow of
tobacco juice.
Love makes the world go round,
they say, but so does a swallow of
tobacco juice.
Love makes the world go round,
they say, but so does a swallow of
tobacco juice.
Love makes the world go round,
they say, but so does a swallow of
tobacco juice.
Love makes the world go round,
they say, but so does a swallow of
tobacco juice.
Love makes the world go round,
they say, but so does a swallow of
tobacco juice.
Love makes the world go round,
they say, but so does a swallow of
tobacco juice.
Love makes the world go round,
they say, but so does a swallow of
tobacco juice.
