# Student Members Named On Intramural Committee
## 
### 
Millo Tally, GifT Myers, and Roy
Jastram were elected last night by
student representatives to the In
tramural Staff Committee for this
quarter.
This committee exists for the pur
pose of settling all disputes which
may arise during the intramural ac
tivity season. The Committee also
includes the coach of the depart
-1 ment in which the question arises.
Millo Tally, GifT Myers, and Roy
Jastram were elected last night by
student representatives to the In
tramural Staff Committee for this
quarter.
This committee exists for the pur
pose of settling all disputes which
may arise during the intramural ac
tivity season. The Committee also
includes the coach of the depart
-1 ment in which the question arises.
Millo Tally, GifT Myers, and Roy
Jastram were elected last night by
student representatives to the In
tramural Staff Committee for this
quarter.
This committee exists for the pur
pose of settling all disputes which
may arise during the intramural ac
tivity season. The Committee also
includes the coach of the depart
-1 ment in which the question arises.
Millo Tally, GifT Myers, and Roy
Jastram were elected last night by
student representatives to the In
tramural Staff Committee for this
quarter.
This committee exists for the pur
pose of settling all disputes which
may arise during the intramural ac
tivity season. The Committee also
includes the coach of the depart
-1 ment in which the question arises.
Millo Tally, GifT Myers, and Roy
Jastram were elected last night by
student representatives to the In
tramural Staff Committee for this
quarter.
This committee exists for the pur
pose of settling all disputes which
may arise during the intramural ac
tivity season. The Committee also
includes the coach of the depart
-1 ment in which the question arises.
Millo Tally, GifT Myers, and Roy
Jastram were elected last night by
student representatives to the In
tramural Staff Committee for this
quarter.
This committee exists for the pur
pose of settling all disputes which
may arise during the intramural ac
tivity season. The Committee also
includes the coach of the depart
-1 ment in which the question arises.
Millo Tally, GifT Myers, and Roy
Jastram were elected last night by
student representatives to the In
tramural Staff Committee for this
quarter.
This committee exists for the pur
pose of settling all disputes which
may arise during the intramural ac
tivity season. The Committee also
includes the coach of the depart
-1 ment in which the question arises.
Millo Tally, GifT Myers, and Roy
Jastram were elected last night by
student representatives to the In
tramural Staff Committee for this
quarter.
This committee exists for the pur
pose of settling all disputes which
may arise during the intramural ac
tivity season. The Committee also
includes the coach of the depart
-1 ment in which the question arises.
Millo Tally, GifT Myers, and Roy
Jastram were elected last night by
student representatives to the In
tramural Staff Committee for this
quarter.
This committee exists for the pur
pose of settling all disputes which
may arise during the intramural ac
tivity season. The Committee also
includes the coach of the depart
-1 ment in which the question arises.
Millo Tally, GifT Myers, and Roy
Jastram were elected last night by
student representatives to the In
tramural Staff Committee for this
quarter.
This committee exists for the pur
pose of settling all disputes which
may arise during the intramural ac
tivity season. The Committee also
includes the coach of the depart
-1 ment in which the question arises.
Millo Tally, GifT Myers, and Roy
Jastram were elected last night by
student representatives to the In
tramural Staff Committee for this
quarter.
This committee exists for the pur
pose of settling all disputes which
may arise during the intramural ac
tivity season. The Committee also
includes the coach of the depart
-1 ment in which the question arises.
Millo Tally, GifT Myers, and Roy
Jastram were elected last night by
student representatives to the In
tramural Staff Committee for this
quarter.
This committee exists for the pur
pose of settling all disputes which
may arise during the intramural ac
tivity season. The Committee also
includes the coach of the depart
-1 ment in which the question arises.
Millo Tally, GifT Myers, and Roy
Jastram were elected last night by
student representatives to the In
tramural Staff Committee for this
quarter.
This committee exists for the pur
pose of settling all disputes which
may arise during the intramural ac
tivity season. The Committee also
includes the coach of the depart
-1 ment in which the question arises.
Millo Tally, GifT Myers, and Roy
Jastram were elected last night by
student representatives to the In
tramural Staff Committee for this
quarter.
This committee exists for the pur
pose of settling all disputes which
may arise during the intramural ac
tivity season. The Committee also
includes the coach of the depart
-1 ment in which the question arises.
Millo Tally, GifT Myers, and Roy
Jastram were elected last night by
student representatives to the In
tramural Staff Committee for this
quarter.
This committee exists for the pur
pose of settling all disputes which
may arise during the intramural ac
tivity season. The Committee also
includes the coach of the depart
-1 ment in which the question arises.
