# CAMPUS WOMEN WILL BE GIVEN SERIES OF TEAS
## Annual Conference Party Will Be Given On "Installment Plan" 
### 
The annual Conference party,
given by the Women's Conference
for the purpose of acquainting the
old and new women, will be held
this year on the installment plan.
First, there will be a series of teas
for the transfers. On Monday, Oc
tober 23, a tea for sophomore trans
fers, on Tuesday, October 24, one
for junior transfers, and on Wed
nesday, October 25, one for senior
transfers. These teas will be held
in the Women's Clubhouse from 3
till 5 o'clock.
The Conference party itself, which
will enable the older women to meet
the freshmen, will be held on Thurs
day, October 26, from 7 till 10
o'clock.
Committees for the teas are as
follows: For the sophomores, Jean
Albertson, chairman, Dusty Vail,
and Margaret Woolverton; for the
juniors, Helen Ray, chairman, Mar
jorie Buettner, and Sue Ward; and
for the seniors, Nonabel Metzger,
chairman, Barbara Binns, and Mary
Jacobstein.
The annual Conference party,
given by the Women's Conference
for the purpose of acquainting the
old and new women, will be held
this year on the installment plan.
First, there will be a series of teas
for the transfers. On Monday, Oc
tober 23, a tea for sophomore trans
fers, on Tuesday, October 24, one
for junior transfers, and on Wed
nesday, October 25, one for senior
transfers. These teas will be held
in the Women's Clubhouse from 3
till 5 o'clock.
The Conference party itself, which
will enable the older women to meet
the freshmen, will be held on Thurs
day, October 26, from 7 till 10
o'clock.
Committees for the teas are as
follows: For the sophomores, Jean
Albertson, chairman, Dusty Vail,
and Margaret Woolverton; for the
juniors, Helen Ray, chairman, Mar
jorie Buettner, and Sue Ward; and
for the seniors, Nonabel Metzger,
chairman, Barbara Binns, and Mary
Jacobstein.
The annual Conference party,
given by the Women's Conference
for the purpose of acquainting the
old and new women, will be held
this year on the installment plan.
First, there will be a series of teas
for the transfers. On Monday, Oc
tober 23, a tea for sophomore trans
fers, on Tuesday, October 24, one
for junior transfers, and on Wed
nesday, October 25, one for senior
transfers. These teas will be held
in the Women's Clubhouse from 3
till 5 o'clock.
The Conference party itself, which
will enable the older women to meet
the freshmen, will be held on Thurs
day, October 26, from 7 till 10
o'clock.
Committees for the teas are as
follows: For the sophomores, Jean
Albertson, chairman, Dusty Vail,
and Margaret Woolverton; for the
juniors, Helen Ray, chairman, Mar
jorie Buettner, and Sue Ward; and
for the seniors, Nonabel Metzger,
chairman, Barbara Binns, and Mary
Jacobstein.
The annual Conference party,
given by the Women's Conference
for the purpose of acquainting the
old and new women, will be held
this year on the installment plan.
First, there will be a series of teas
for the transfers. On Monday, Oc
tober 23, a tea for sophomore trans
fers, on Tuesday, October 24, one
for junior transfers, and on Wed
nesday, October 25, one for senior
transfers. These teas will be held
in the Women's Clubhouse from 3
till 5 o'clock.
The Conference party itself, which
will enable the older women to meet
the freshmen, will be held on Thurs
day, October 26, from 7 till 10
o'clock.
Committees for the teas are as
follows: For the sophomores, Jean
Albertson, chairman, Dusty Vail,
and Margaret Woolverton; for the
juniors, Helen Ray, chairman, Mar
jorie Buettner, and Sue Ward; and
for the seniors, Nonabel Metzger,
chairman, Barbara Binns, and Mary
Jacobstein.
The annual Conference party,
given by the Women's Conference
for the purpose of acquainting the
old and new women, will be held
this year on the installment plan.
First, there will be a series of teas
for the transfers. On Monday, Oc
tober 23, a tea for sophomore trans
fers, on Tuesday, October 24, one
for junior transfers, and on Wed
nesday, October 25, one for senior
transfers. These teas will be held
in the Women's Clubhouse from 3
till 5 o'clock.
The Conference party itself, which
will enable the older women to meet
the freshmen, will be held on Thurs
day, October 26, from 7 till 10
o'clock.
Committees for the teas are as
follows: For the sophomores, Jean
Albertson, chairman, Dusty Vail,
and Margaret Woolverton; for the
juniors, Helen Ray, chairman, Mar
jorie Buettner, and Sue Ward; and
for the seniors, Nonabel Metzger,
chairman, Barbara Binns, and Mary
Jacobstein.
The annual Conference party,
given by the Women's Conference
for the purpose of acquainting the
old and new women, will be held
this year on the installment plan.
First, there will be a series of teas
for the transfers. On Monday, Oc
tober 23, a tea for sophomore trans
fers, on Tuesday, October 24, one
for junior transfers, and on Wed
nesday, October 25, one for senior
transfers. These teas will be held
in the Women's Clubhouse from 3
till 5 o'clock.
The Conference party itself, which
will enable the older women to meet
the freshmen, will be held on Thurs
day, October 26, from 7 till 10
o'clock.
Committees for the teas are as
follows: For the sophomores, Jean
Albertson, chairman, Dusty Vail,
and Margaret Woolverton; for the
juniors, Helen Ray, chairman, Mar
jorie Buettner, and Sue Ward; and
for the seniors, Nonabel Metzger,
chairman, Barbara Binns, and Mary
Jacobstein.
The annual Conference party,
given by the Women's Conference
for the purpose of acquainting the
old and new women, will be held
this year on the installment plan.
First, there will be a series of teas
for the transfers. On Monday, Oc
tober 23, a tea for sophomore trans
fers, on Tuesday, October 24, one
for junior transfers, and on Wed
nesday, October 25, one for senior
transfers. These teas will be held
in the Women's Clubhouse from 3
till 5 o'clock.
The Conference party itself, which
will enable the older women to meet
the freshmen, will be held on Thurs
day, October 26, from 7 till 10
o'clock.
Committees for the teas are as
follows: For the sophomores, Jean
Albertson, chairman, Dusty Vail,
and Margaret Woolverton; for the
juniors, Helen Ray, chairman, Mar
jorie Buettner, and Sue Ward; and
for the seniors, Nonabel Metzger,
chairman, Barbara Binns, and Mary
Jacobstein.
The annual Conference party,
given by the Women's Conference
for the purpose of acquainting the
old and new women, will be held
this year on the installment plan.
First, there will be a series of teas
for the transfers. On Monday, Oc
tober 23, a tea for sophomore trans
fers, on Tuesday, October 24, one
for junior transfers, and on Wed
nesday, October 25, one for senior
transfers. These teas will be held
in the Women's Clubhouse from 3
till 5 o'clock.
The Conference party itself, which
will enable the older women to meet
the freshmen, will be held on Thurs
day, October 26, from 7 till 10
o'clock.
Committees for the teas are as
follows: For the sophomores, Jean
Albertson, chairman, Dusty Vail,
and Margaret Woolverton; for the
juniors, Helen Ray, chairman, Mar
jorie Buettner, and Sue Ward; and
for the seniors, Nonabel Metzger,
chairman, Barbara Binns, and Mary
Jacobstein.
The annual Conference party,
given by the Women's Conference
for the purpose of acquainting the
old and new women, will be held
this year on the installment plan.
First, there will be a series of teas
for the transfers. On Monday, Oc
tober 23, a tea for sophomore trans
fers, on Tuesday, October 24, one
for junior transfers, and on Wed
nesday, October 25, one for senior
transfers. These teas will be held
in the Women's Clubhouse from 3
till 5 o'clock.
The Conference party itself, which
will enable the older women to meet
the freshmen, will be held on Thurs
day, October 26, from 7 till 10
o'clock.
Committees for the teas are as
follows: For the sophomores, Jean
Albertson, chairman, Dusty Vail,
and Margaret Woolverton; for the
juniors, Helen Ray, chairman, Mar
jorie Buettner, and Sue Ward; and
for the seniors, Nonabel Metzger,
chairman, Barbara Binns, and Mary
Jacobstein.
The annual Conference party,
given by the Women's Conference
for the purpose of acquainting the
old and new women, will be held
this year on the installment plan.
First, there will be a series of teas
for the transfers. On Monday, Oc
tober 23, a tea for sophomore trans
fers, on Tuesday, October 24, one
for junior transfers, and on Wed
nesday, October 25, one for senior
transfers. These teas will be held
in the Women's Clubhouse from 3
till 5 o'clock.
The Conference party itself, which
will enable the older women to meet
the freshmen, will be held on Thurs
day, October 26, from 7 till 10
o'clock.
Committees for the teas are as
follows: For the sophomores, Jean
Albertson, chairman, Dusty Vail,
and Margaret Woolverton; for the
juniors, Helen Ray, chairman, Mar
jorie Buettner, and Sue Ward; and
for the seniors, Nonabel Metzger,
chairman, Barbara Binns, and Mary
Jacobstein.
The annual Conference party,
given by the Women's Conference
for the purpose of acquainting the
old and new women, will be held
this year on the installment plan.
First, there will be a series of teas
for the transfers. On Monday, Oc
tober 23, a tea for sophomore trans
fers, on Tuesday, October 24, one
for junior transfers, and on Wed
nesday, October 25, one for senior
transfers. These teas will be held
in the Women's Clubhouse from 3
till 5 o'clock.
The Conference party itself, which
will enable the older women to meet
the freshmen, will be held on Thurs
day, October 26, from 7 till 10
o'clock.
Committees for the teas are as
follows: For the sophomores, Jean
Albertson, chairman, Dusty Vail,
and Margaret Woolverton; for the
juniors, Helen Ray, chairman, Mar
jorie Buettner, and Sue Ward; and
for the seniors, Nonabel Metzger,
chairman, Barbara Binns, and Mary
Jacobstein.
The annual Conference party,
given by the Women's Conference
for the purpose of acquainting the
old and new women, will be held
this year on the installment plan.
First, there will be a series of teas
for the transfers. On Monday, Oc
tober 23, a tea for sophomore trans
fers, on Tuesday, October 24, one
for junior transfers, and on Wed
nesday, October 25, one for senior
transfers. These teas will be held
in the Women's Clubhouse from 3
till 5 o'clock.
The Conference party itself, which
will enable the older women to meet
the freshmen, will be held on Thurs
day, October 26, from 7 till 10
o'clock.
Committees for the teas are as
follows: For the sophomores, Jean
Albertson, chairman, Dusty Vail,
and Margaret Woolverton; for the
juniors, Helen Ray, chairman, Mar
jorie Buettner, and Sue Ward; and
for the seniors, Nonabel Metzger,
chairman, Barbara Binns, and Mary
Jacobstein.
The annual Conference party,
given by the Women's Conference
for the purpose of acquainting the
old and new women, will be held
this year on the installment plan.
First, there will be a series of teas
for the transfers. On Monday, Oc
tober 23, a tea for sophomore trans
fers, on Tuesday, October 24, one
for junior transfers, and on Wed
nesday, October 25, one for senior
transfers. These teas will be held
in the Women's Clubhouse from 3
till 5 o'clock.
The Conference party itself, which
will enable the older women to meet
the freshmen, will be held on Thurs
day, October 26, from 7 till 10
o'clock.
Committees for the teas are as
follows: For the sophomores, Jean
Albertson, chairman, Dusty Vail,
and Margaret Woolverton; for the
juniors, Helen Ray, chairman, Mar
jorie Buettner, and Sue Ward; and
for the seniors, Nonabel Metzger,
chairman, Barbara Binns, and Mary
Jacobstein.
The annual Conference party,
given by the Women's Conference
for the purpose of acquainting the
old and new women, will be held
this year on the installment plan.
First, there will be a series of teas
for the transfers. On Monday, Oc
tober 23, a tea for sophomore trans
fers, on Tuesday, October 24, one
for junior transfers, and on Wed
nesday, October 25, one for senior
transfers. These teas will be held
in the Women's Clubhouse from 3
till 5 o'clock.
The Conference party itself, which
will enable the older women to meet
the freshmen, will be held on Thurs
day, October 26, from 7 till 10
o'clock.
Committees for the teas are as
follows: For the sophomores, Jean
Albertson, chairman, Dusty Vail,
and Margaret Woolverton; for the
juniors, Helen Ray, chairman, Mar
jorie Buettner, and Sue Ward; and
for the seniors, Nonabel Metzger,
chairman, Barbara Binns, and Mary
Jacobstein.
The annual Conference party,
given by the Women's Conference
for the purpose of acquainting the
old and new women, will be held
this year on the installment plan.
First, there will be a series of teas
for the transfers. On Monday, Oc
tober 23, a tea for sophomore trans
fers, on Tuesday, October 24, one
for junior transfers, and on Wed
nesday, October 25, one for senior
transfers. These teas will be held
in the Women's Clubhouse from 3
till 5 o'clock.
The Conference party itself, which
will enable the older women to meet
the freshmen, will be held on Thurs
day, October 26, from 7 till 10
o'clock.
Committees for the teas are as
follows: For the sophomores, Jean
Albertson, chairman, Dusty Vail,
and Margaret Woolverton; for the
juniors, Helen Ray, chairman, Mar
jorie Buettner, and Sue Ward; and
for the seniors, Nonabel Metzger,
chairman, Barbara Binns, and Mary
Jacobstein.
