# Applications for Rhodes Scholarships Due Nov. 18
## 
### 
Applications for 1933 Rhodes
chnlarships are clue not later than
November 18, it was announced yss
erday. Furthermore colleges and
miversities should select their can
lidates before November 11. Elec
ion of scholarship winners will be
leld January 2, 4, and 6, 1934.
There wiil be a competition in
•very state this year, competition
>eing based as usual on the candi
hte's scholastic record. Each state
ommittee will be able to nominate
.11 ly two men who must then appear

cfore a district committee.
In the final elimination 32 men
i presenting the entire United
itates will be awarded scholar
hips. Further information can be
btained from V. K. Butler, Jr.,
;tandard Oil Building, San Fran-
Applications for 1933 Rhodes
chnlarships are clue not later than
November 18, it was announced yss
erday. Furthermore colleges and
miversities should select their can
lidates before November 11. Elec
ion of scholarship winners will be
leld January 2, 4, and 6, 1934.
There wiil be a competition in
•very state this year, competition
>eing based as usual on the candi
hte's scholastic record. Each state
ommittee will be able to nominate
.11 ly two men who must then appear

cfore a district committee.
In the final elimination 32 men
i presenting the entire United
itates will be awarded scholar
hips. Further information can be
btained from V. K. Butler, Jr.,
;tandard Oil Building, San Fran-
Applications for 1933 Rhodes
chnlarships are clue not later than
November 18, it was announced yss
erday. Furthermore colleges and
miversities should select their can
lidates before November 11. Elec
ion of scholarship winners will be
leld January 2, 4, and 6, 1934.
There wiil be a competition in
•very state this year, competition
>eing based as usual on the candi
hte's scholastic record. Each state
ommittee will be able to nominate
.11 ly two men who must then appear

cfore a district committee.
In the final elimination 32 men
i presenting the entire United
itates will be awarded scholar
hips. Further information can be
btained from V. K. Butler, Jr.,
;tandard Oil Building, San Fran-
Applications for 1933 Rhodes
chnlarships are clue not later than
November 18, it was announced yss
erday. Furthermore colleges and
miversities should select their can
lidates before November 11. Elec
ion of scholarship winners will be
leld January 2, 4, and 6, 1934.
There wiil be a competition in
•very state this year, competition
>eing based as usual on the candi
hte's scholastic record. Each state
ommittee will be able to nominate
.11 ly two men who must then appear

cfore a district committee.
In the final elimination 32 men
i presenting the entire United
itates will be awarded scholar
hips. Further information can be
btained from V. K. Butler, Jr.,
;tandard Oil Building, San Fran-
Applications for 1933 Rhodes
chnlarships are clue not later than
November 18, it was announced yss
erday. Furthermore colleges and
miversities should select their can
lidates before November 11. Elec
ion of scholarship winners will be
leld January 2, 4, and 6, 1934.
There wiil be a competition in
•very state this year, competition
>eing based as usual on the candi
hte's scholastic record. Each state
ommittee will be able to nominate
.11 ly two men who must then appear

cfore a district committee.
In the final elimination 32 men
i presenting the entire United
itates will be awarded scholar
hips. Further information can be
btained from V. K. Butler, Jr.,
;tandard Oil Building, San Fran-
Applications for 1933 Rhodes
chnlarships are clue not later than
November 18, it was announced yss
erday. Furthermore colleges and
miversities should select their can
lidates before November 11. Elec
ion of scholarship winners will be
leld January 2, 4, and 6, 1934.
There wiil be a competition in
•very state this year, competition
>eing based as usual on the candi
hte's scholastic record. Each state
ommittee will be able to nominate
.11 ly two men who must then appear

cfore a district committee.
In the final elimination 32 men
i presenting the entire United
itates will be awarded scholar
hips. Further information can be
btained from V. K. Butler, Jr.,
;tandard Oil Building, San Fran-
Applications for 1933 Rhodes
chnlarships are clue not later than
November 18, it was announced yss
erday. Furthermore colleges and
miversities should select their can
lidates before November 11. Elec
ion of scholarship winners will be
leld January 2, 4, and 6, 1934.
There wiil be a competition in
•very state this year, competition
>eing based as usual on the candi
hte's scholastic record. Each state
ommittee will be able to nominate
.11 ly two men who must then appear

cfore a district committee.
In the final elimination 32 men
i presenting the entire United
itates will be awarded scholar
hips. Further information can be
btained from V. K. Butler, Jr.,
;tandard Oil Building, San Fran-
Applications for 1933 Rhodes
chnlarships are clue not later than
November 18, it was announced yss
erday. Furthermore colleges and
miversities should select their can
lidates before November 11. Elec
ion of scholarship winners will be
leld January 2, 4, and 6, 1934.
There wiil be a competition in
•very state this year, competition
>eing based as usual on the candi
hte's scholastic record. Each state
ommittee will be able to nominate
.11 ly two men who must then appear

cfore a district committee.
In the final elimination 32 men
i presenting the entire United
itates will be awarded scholar
hips. Further information can be
btained from V. K. Butler, Jr.,
;tandard Oil Building, San Fran-
Applications for 1933 Rhodes
chnlarships are clue not later than
November 18, it was announced yss
erday. Furthermore colleges and
miversities should select their can
lidates before November 11. Elec
ion of scholarship winners will be
leld January 2, 4, and 6, 1934.
There wiil be a competition in
•very state this year, competition
>eing based as usual on the candi
hte's scholastic record. Each state
ommittee will be able to nominate
.11 ly two men who must then appear

cfore a district committee.
In the final elimination 32 men
i presenting the entire United
itates will be awarded scholar
hips. Further information can be
btained from V. K. Butler, Jr.,
;tandard Oil Building, San Fran-
Applications for 1933 Rhodes
chnlarships are clue not later than
November 18, it was announced yss
erday. Furthermore colleges and
miversities should select their can
lidates before November 11. Elec
ion of scholarship winners will be
leld January 2, 4, and 6, 1934.
There wiil be a competition in
•very state this year, competition
>eing based as usual on the candi
hte's scholastic record. Each state
ommittee will be able to nominate
.11 ly two men who must then appear

cfore a district committee.
In the final elimination 32 men
i presenting the entire United
itates will be awarded scholar
hips. Further information can be
btained from V. K. Butler, Jr.,
;tandard Oil Building, San Fran-
Applications for 1933 Rhodes
chnlarships are clue not later than
November 18, it was announced yss
erday. Furthermore colleges and
miversities should select their can
lidates before November 11. Elec
ion of scholarship winners will be
leld January 2, 4, and 6, 1934.
There wiil be a competition in
•very state this year, competition
>eing based as usual on the candi
hte's scholastic record. Each state
ommittee will be able to nominate
.11 ly two men who must then appear

cfore a district committee.
In the final elimination 32 men
i presenting the entire United
itates will be awarded scholar
hips. Further information can be
btained from V. K. Butler, Jr.,
;tandard Oil Building, San Fran-
Applications for 1933 Rhodes
chnlarships are clue not later than
November 18, it was announced yss
erday. Furthermore colleges and
miversities should select their can
lidates before November 11. Elec
ion of scholarship winners will be
leld January 2, 4, and 6, 1934.
There wiil be a competition in
•very state this year, competition
>eing based as usual on the candi
hte's scholastic record. Each state
ommittee will be able to nominate
.11 ly two men who must then appear

cfore a district committee.
In the final elimination 32 men
i presenting the entire United
itates will be awarded scholar
hips. Further information can be
btained from V. K. Butler, Jr.,
;tandard Oil Building, San Fran-
Applications for 1933 Rhodes
chnlarships are clue not later than
November 18, it was announced yss
erday. Furthermore colleges and
miversities should select their can
lidates before November 11. Elec
ion of scholarship winners will be
leld January 2, 4, and 6, 1934.
There wiil be a competition in
•very state this year, competition
>eing based as usual on the candi
hte's scholastic record. Each state
ommittee will be able to nominate
.11 ly two men who must then appear

cfore a district committee.
In the final elimination 32 men
i presenting the entire United
itates will be awarded scholar
hips. Further information can be
btained from V. K. Butler, Jr.,
;tandard Oil Building, San Fran-
Applications for 1933 Rhodes
chnlarships are clue not later than
November 18, it was announced yss
erday. Furthermore colleges and
miversities should select their can
lidates before November 11. Elec
ion of scholarship winners will be
leld January 2, 4, and 6, 1934.
There wiil be a competition in
•very state this year, competition
>eing based as usual on the candi
hte's scholastic record. Each state
ommittee will be able to nominate
.11 ly two men who must then appear

cfore a district committee.
In the final elimination 32 men
i presenting the entire United
itates will be awarded scholar
hips. Further information can be
btained from V. K. Butler, Jr.,
;tandard Oil Building, San Fran-
Applications for 1933 Rhodes
chnlarships are clue not later than
November 18, it was announced yss
erday. Furthermore colleges and
miversities should select their can
lidates before November 11. Elec
ion of scholarship winners will be
leld January 2, 4, and 6, 1934.
There wiil be a competition in
•very state this year, competition
>eing based as usual on the candi
hte's scholastic record. Each state
ommittee will be able to nominate
.11 ly two men who must then appear

cfore a district committee.
In the final elimination 32 men
i presenting the entire United
itates will be awarded scholar
hips. Further information can be
btained from V. K. Butler, Jr.,
;tandard Oil Building, San Fran-
