# PHI SIG PLEDGE
## 
### 
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of Charles W. Schemel, 35
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of Charles W. Schemel, 35
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of Charles W. Schemel, 35
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of Charles W. Schemel, 35
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of Charles W. Schemel, 35
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of Charles W. Schemel, 35
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of Charles W. Schemel, 35
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of Charles W. Schemel, 35
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of Charles W. Schemel, 35
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of Charles W. Schemel, 35
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of Charles W. Schemel, 35
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of Charles W. Schemel, 35
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of Charles W. Schemel, 35
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of Charles W. Schemel, 35
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of Charles W. Schemel, 35
