# Adv. 29 Page 4
## 
### 
LEARN
RADIO
BROADCASTING
Last year the Chris Borden
School placed over 40 men
in radio broadcasting in 12
different states. 30 job
openings have been avail
able so far this year ... at
least half in California
alonel Chris Borden offers
the most advanced radio
course taught in the coun
try. You learn in three com
pletely equipped control
rooms. FCC Ist phone in
struction included. Free job
placement in this growing
field of AM radio with good
pay and advancement. Spe
cial summer classes now
forming for June semester.
Be on the job by fall. Send
for free brochure. Call or
visit:
Chris Borden
SCHOOL OF
MODERN RADIO
TECHNIQUE
259 Geary YU 2-9640
LEARN
RADIO
BROADCASTING
Last year the Chris Borden
School placed over 40 men
in radio broadcasting in 12
different states. 30 job
openings have been avail
able so far this year ... at
least half in California
alonel Chris Borden offers
the most advanced radio
course taught in the coun
try. You learn in three com
pletely equipped control
rooms. FCC Ist phone in
struction included. Free job
placement in this growing
field of AM radio with good
pay and advancement. Spe
cial summer classes now
forming for June semester.
Be on the job by fall. Send
for free brochure. Call or
visit:
Chris Borden
SCHOOL OF
MODERN RADIO
TECHNIQUE
259 Geary YU 2-9640
LEARN
RADIO
BROADCASTING
Last year the Chris Borden
School placed over 40 men
in radio broadcasting in 12
different states. 30 job
openings have been avail
able so far this year ... at
least half in California
alonel Chris Borden offers
the most advanced radio
course taught in the coun
try. You learn in three com
pletely equipped control
rooms. FCC Ist phone in
struction included. Free job
placement in this growing
field of AM radio with good
pay and advancement. Spe
cial summer classes now
forming for June semester.
Be on the job by fall. Send
for free brochure. Call or
visit:
Chris Borden
SCHOOL OF
MODERN RADIO
TECHNIQUE
259 Geary YU 2-9640
LEARN
RADIO
BROADCASTING
Last year the Chris Borden
School placed over 40 men
in radio broadcasting in 12
different states. 30 job
openings have been avail
able so far this year ... at
least half in California
alonel Chris Borden offers
the most advanced radio
course taught in the coun
try. You learn in three com
pletely equipped control
rooms. FCC Ist phone in
struction included. Free job
placement in this growing
field of AM radio with good
pay and advancement. Spe
cial summer classes now
forming for June semester.
Be on the job by fall. Send
for free brochure. Call or
visit:
Chris Borden
SCHOOL OF
MODERN RADIO
TECHNIQUE
259 Geary YU 2-9640
LEARN
RADIO
BROADCASTING
Last year the Chris Borden
School placed over 40 men
in radio broadcasting in 12
different states. 30 job
openings have been avail
able so far this year ... at
least half in California
alonel Chris Borden offers
the most advanced radio
course taught in the coun
try. You learn in three com
pletely equipped control
rooms. FCC Ist phone in
struction included. Free job
placement in this growing
field of AM radio with good
pay and advancement. Spe
cial summer classes now
forming for June semester.
Be on the job by fall. Send
for free brochure. Call or
visit:
Chris Borden
SCHOOL OF
MODERN RADIO
TECHNIQUE
259 Geary YU 2-9640
LEARN
RADIO
BROADCASTING
Last year the Chris Borden
School placed over 40 men
in radio broadcasting in 12
different states. 30 job
openings have been avail
able so far this year ... at
least half in California
alonel Chris Borden offers
the most advanced radio
course taught in the coun
try. You learn in three com
pletely equipped control
rooms. FCC Ist phone in
struction included. Free job
placement in this growing
field of AM radio with good
pay and advancement. Spe
cial summer classes now
forming for June semester.
Be on the job by fall. Send
for free brochure. Call or
visit:
Chris Borden
SCHOOL OF
MODERN RADIO
TECHNIQUE
259 Geary YU 2-9640
LEARN
RADIO
BROADCASTING
Last year the Chris Borden
School placed over 40 men
in radio broadcasting in 12
different states. 30 job
openings have been avail
able so far this year ... at
least half in California
alonel Chris Borden offers
the most advanced radio
course taught in the coun
try. You learn in three com
pletely equipped control
rooms. FCC Ist phone in
struction included. Free job
placement in this growing
field of AM radio with good
pay and advancement. Spe
cial summer classes now
forming for June semester.
Be on the job by fall. Send
for free brochure. Call or
visit:
Chris Borden
SCHOOL OF
MODERN RADIO
TECHNIQUE
259 Geary YU 2-9640
LEARN
RADIO
BROADCASTING
Last year the Chris Borden
School placed over 40 men
in radio broadcasting in 12
different states. 30 job
openings have been avail
able so far this year ... at
least half in California
alonel Chris Borden offers
the most advanced radio
course taught in the coun
try. You learn in three com
pletely equipped control
rooms. FCC Ist phone in
struction included. Free job
placement in this growing
field of AM radio with good
pay and advancement. Spe
cial summer classes now
forming for June semester.
Be on the job by fall. Send
for free brochure. Call or
visit:
Chris Borden
SCHOOL OF
MODERN RADIO
TECHNIQUE
259 Geary YU 2-9640
LEARN
RADIO
BROADCASTING
Last year the Chris Borden
School placed over 40 men
in radio broadcasting in 12
different states. 30 job
openings have been avail
able so far this year ... at
least half in California
alonel Chris Borden offers
the most advanced radio
course taught in the coun
try. You learn in three com
pletely equipped control
rooms. FCC Ist phone in
struction included. Free job
placement in this growing
field of AM radio with good
pay and advancement. Spe
cial summer classes now
forming for June semester.
Be on the job by fall. Send
for free brochure. Call or
visit:
Chris Borden
SCHOOL OF
MODERN RADIO
TECHNIQUE
259 Geary YU 2-9640
LEARN
RADIO
BROADCASTING
Last year the Chris Borden
School placed over 40 men
in radio broadcasting in 12
different states. 30 job
openings have been avail
able so far this year ... at
least half in California
alonel Chris Borden offers
the most advanced radio
course taught in the coun
try. You learn in three com
pletely equipped control
rooms. FCC Ist phone in
struction included. Free job
placement in this growing
field of AM radio with good
pay and advancement. Spe
cial summer classes now
forming for June semester.
Be on the job by fall. Send
for free brochure. Call or
visit:
Chris Borden
SCHOOL OF
MODERN RADIO
TECHNIQUE
259 Geary YU 2-9640
LEARN
RADIO
BROADCASTING
Last year the Chris Borden
School placed over 40 men
in radio broadcasting in 12
different states. 30 job
openings have been avail
able so far this year ... at
least half in California
alonel Chris Borden offers
the most advanced radio
course taught in the coun
try. You learn in three com
pletely equipped control
rooms. FCC Ist phone in
struction included. Free job
placement in this growing
field of AM radio with good
pay and advancement. Spe
cial summer classes now
forming for June semester.
Be on the job by fall. Send
for free brochure. Call or
visit:
Chris Borden
SCHOOL OF
MODERN RADIO
TECHNIQUE
259 Geary YU 2-9640
LEARN
RADIO
BROADCASTING
Last year the Chris Borden
School placed over 40 men
in radio broadcasting in 12
different states. 30 job
openings have been avail
able so far this year ... at
least half in California
alonel Chris Borden offers
the most advanced radio
course taught in the coun
try. You learn in three com
pletely equipped control
rooms. FCC Ist phone in
struction included. Free job
placement in this growing
field of AM radio with good
pay and advancement. Spe
cial summer classes now
forming for June semester.
Be on the job by fall. Send
for free brochure. Call or
visit:
Chris Borden
SCHOOL OF
MODERN RADIO
TECHNIQUE
259 Geary YU 2-9640
LEARN
RADIO
BROADCASTING
Last year the Chris Borden
School placed over 40 men
in radio broadcasting in 12
different states. 30 job
openings have been avail
able so far this year ... at
least half in California
alonel Chris Borden offers
the most advanced radio
course taught in the coun
try. You learn in three com
pletely equipped control
rooms. FCC Ist phone in
struction included. Free job
placement in this growing
field of AM radio with good
pay and advancement. Spe
cial summer classes now
forming for June semester.
Be on the job by fall. Send
for free brochure. Call or
visit:
Chris Borden
SCHOOL OF
MODERN RADIO
TECHNIQUE
259 Geary YU 2-9640
LEARN
RADIO
BROADCASTING
Last year the Chris Borden
School placed over 40 men
in radio broadcasting in 12
different states. 30 job
openings have been avail
able so far this year ... at
least half in California
alonel Chris Borden offers
the most advanced radio
course taught in the coun
try. You learn in three com
pletely equipped control
rooms. FCC Ist phone in
struction included. Free job
placement in this growing
field of AM radio with good
pay and advancement. Spe
cial summer classes now
forming for June semester.
Be on the job by fall. Send
for free brochure. Call or
visit:
Chris Borden
SCHOOL OF
MODERN RADIO
TECHNIQUE
259 Geary YU 2-9640
LEARN
RADIO
BROADCASTING
Last year the Chris Borden
School placed over 40 men
in radio broadcasting in 12
different states. 30 job
openings have been avail
able so far this year ... at
least half in California
alonel Chris Borden offers
the most advanced radio
course taught in the coun
try. You learn in three com
pletely equipped control
rooms. FCC Ist phone in
struction included. Free job
placement in this growing
field of AM radio with good
pay and advancement. Spe
cial summer classes now
forming for June semester.
Be on the job by fall. Send
for free brochure. Call or
visit:
Chris Borden
SCHOOL OF
MODERN RADIO
TECHNIQUE
259 Geary YU 2-9640
