# Voting Concludes Today For Class Government
## 
### 
Final voting will take place to
day to determine Sophomore and
Junior Class officers, and to re
solve the proposition, “Do you
favor the continuance of Fresh
man, Sophomore, and Junior
Class government?” Ballots may
be cast from 8:45 a.m. to 4 p.m.
at the Post Office, Engineering
Corner, or the Main Library.
Votes for class officers will be
counted only if the student body
decides to continue class govern
ment. Voting yesterday was light.
The candidates for office are;
Dick Ragsdale and Jim Torre,
junior class president; Lesley
Jane Ott, junior class vice presi
dent: Don Gray and Tim Ingram,
sophomore class president; and
Don Gray, sophomore class vice
president.
Final voting will take place to
day to determine Sophomore and
Junior Class officers, and to re
solve the proposition, “Do you
favor the continuance of Fresh
man, Sophomore, and Junior
Class government?” Ballots may
be cast from 8:45 a.m. to 4 p.m.
at the Post Office, Engineering
Corner, or the Main Library.
Votes for class officers will be
counted only if the student body
decides to continue class govern
ment. Voting yesterday was light.
The candidates for office are;
Dick Ragsdale and Jim Torre,
junior class president; Lesley
Jane Ott, junior class vice presi
dent: Don Gray and Tim Ingram,
sophomore class president; and
Don Gray, sophomore class vice
president.
Final voting will take place to
day to determine Sophomore and
Junior Class officers, and to re
solve the proposition, “Do you
favor the continuance of Fresh
man, Sophomore, and Junior
Class government?” Ballots may
be cast from 8:45 a.m. to 4 p.m.
at the Post Office, Engineering
Corner, or the Main Library.
Votes for class officers will be
counted only if the student body
decides to continue class govern
ment. Voting yesterday was light.
The candidates for office are;
Dick Ragsdale and Jim Torre,
junior class president; Lesley
Jane Ott, junior class vice presi
dent: Don Gray and Tim Ingram,
sophomore class president; and
Don Gray, sophomore class vice
president.
Final voting will take place to
day to determine Sophomore and
Junior Class officers, and to re
solve the proposition, “Do you
favor the continuance of Fresh
man, Sophomore, and Junior
Class government?” Ballots may
be cast from 8:45 a.m. to 4 p.m.
at the Post Office, Engineering
Corner, or the Main Library.
Votes for class officers will be
counted only if the student body
decides to continue class govern
ment. Voting yesterday was light.
The candidates for office are;
Dick Ragsdale and Jim Torre,
junior class president; Lesley
Jane Ott, junior class vice presi
dent: Don Gray and Tim Ingram,
sophomore class president; and
Don Gray, sophomore class vice
president.
Final voting will take place to
day to determine Sophomore and
Junior Class officers, and to re
solve the proposition, “Do you
favor the continuance of Fresh
man, Sophomore, and Junior
Class government?” Ballots may
be cast from 8:45 a.m. to 4 p.m.
at the Post Office, Engineering
Corner, or the Main Library.
Votes for class officers will be
counted only if the student body
decides to continue class govern
ment. Voting yesterday was light.
The candidates for office are;
Dick Ragsdale and Jim Torre,
junior class president; Lesley
Jane Ott, junior class vice presi
dent: Don Gray and Tim Ingram,
sophomore class president; and
Don Gray, sophomore class vice
president.
Final voting will take place to
day to determine Sophomore and
Junior Class officers, and to re
solve the proposition, “Do you
favor the continuance of Fresh
man, Sophomore, and Junior
Class government?” Ballots may
be cast from 8:45 a.m. to 4 p.m.
at the Post Office, Engineering
Corner, or the Main Library.
Votes for class officers will be
counted only if the student body
decides to continue class govern
ment. Voting yesterday was light.
The candidates for office are;
Dick Ragsdale and Jim Torre,
junior class president; Lesley
Jane Ott, junior class vice presi
dent: Don Gray and Tim Ingram,
sophomore class president; and
Don Gray, sophomore class vice
president.
Final voting will take place to
day to determine Sophomore and
Junior Class officers, and to re
solve the proposition, “Do you
favor the continuance of Fresh
man, Sophomore, and Junior
Class government?” Ballots may
be cast from 8:45 a.m. to 4 p.m.
at the Post Office, Engineering
Corner, or the Main Library.
Votes for class officers will be
counted only if the student body
decides to continue class govern
ment. Voting yesterday was light.
The candidates for office are;
Dick Ragsdale and Jim Torre,
junior class president; Lesley
Jane Ott, junior class vice presi
dent: Don Gray and Tim Ingram,
sophomore class president; and
Don Gray, sophomore class vice
president.
Final voting will take place to
day to determine Sophomore and
Junior Class officers, and to re
solve the proposition, “Do you
favor the continuance of Fresh
man, Sophomore, and Junior
Class government?” Ballots may
be cast from 8:45 a.m. to 4 p.m.
at the Post Office, Engineering
Corner, or the Main Library.
Votes for class officers will be
counted only if the student body
decides to continue class govern
ment. Voting yesterday was light.
The candidates for office are;
Dick Ragsdale and Jim Torre,
junior class president; Lesley
Jane Ott, junior class vice presi
dent: Don Gray and Tim Ingram,
sophomore class president; and
Don Gray, sophomore class vice
president.
Final voting will take place to
day to determine Sophomore and
Junior Class officers, and to re
solve the proposition, “Do you
favor the continuance of Fresh
man, Sophomore, and Junior
Class government?” Ballots may
be cast from 8:45 a.m. to 4 p.m.
at the Post Office, Engineering
Corner, or the Main Library.
Votes for class officers will be
counted only if the student body
decides to continue class govern
ment. Voting yesterday was light.
The candidates for office are;
Dick Ragsdale and Jim Torre,
junior class president; Lesley
Jane Ott, junior class vice presi
dent: Don Gray and Tim Ingram,
sophomore class president; and
Don Gray, sophomore class vice
president.
Final voting will take place to
day to determine Sophomore and
Junior Class officers, and to re
solve the proposition, “Do you
favor the continuance of Fresh
man, Sophomore, and Junior
Class government?” Ballots may
be cast from 8:45 a.m. to 4 p.m.
at the Post Office, Engineering
Corner, or the Main Library.
Votes for class officers will be
counted only if the student body
decides to continue class govern
ment. Voting yesterday was light.
The candidates for office are;
Dick Ragsdale and Jim Torre,
junior class president; Lesley
Jane Ott, junior class vice presi
dent: Don Gray and Tim Ingram,
sophomore class president; and
Don Gray, sophomore class vice
president.
Final voting will take place to
day to determine Sophomore and
Junior Class officers, and to re
solve the proposition, “Do you
favor the continuance of Fresh
man, Sophomore, and Junior
Class government?” Ballots may
be cast from 8:45 a.m. to 4 p.m.
at the Post Office, Engineering
Corner, or the Main Library.
Votes for class officers will be
counted only if the student body
decides to continue class govern
ment. Voting yesterday was light.
The candidates for office are;
Dick Ragsdale and Jim Torre,
junior class president; Lesley
Jane Ott, junior class vice presi
dent: Don Gray and Tim Ingram,
sophomore class president; and
Don Gray, sophomore class vice
president.
Final voting will take place to
day to determine Sophomore and
Junior Class officers, and to re
solve the proposition, “Do you
favor the continuance of Fresh
man, Sophomore, and Junior
Class government?” Ballots may
be cast from 8:45 a.m. to 4 p.m.
at the Post Office, Engineering
Corner, or the Main Library.
Votes for class officers will be
counted only if the student body
decides to continue class govern
ment. Voting yesterday was light.
The candidates for office are;
Dick Ragsdale and Jim Torre,
junior class president; Lesley
Jane Ott, junior class vice presi
dent: Don Gray and Tim Ingram,
sophomore class president; and
Don Gray, sophomore class vice
president.
Final voting will take place to
day to determine Sophomore and
Junior Class officers, and to re
solve the proposition, “Do you
favor the continuance of Fresh
man, Sophomore, and Junior
Class government?” Ballots may
be cast from 8:45 a.m. to 4 p.m.
at the Post Office, Engineering
Corner, or the Main Library.
Votes for class officers will be
counted only if the student body
decides to continue class govern
ment. Voting yesterday was light.
The candidates for office are;
Dick Ragsdale and Jim Torre,
junior class president; Lesley
Jane Ott, junior class vice presi
dent: Don Gray and Tim Ingram,
sophomore class president; and
Don Gray, sophomore class vice
president.
Final voting will take place to
day to determine Sophomore and
Junior Class officers, and to re
solve the proposition, “Do you
favor the continuance of Fresh
man, Sophomore, and Junior
Class government?” Ballots may
be cast from 8:45 a.m. to 4 p.m.
at the Post Office, Engineering
Corner, or the Main Library.
Votes for class officers will be
counted only if the student body
decides to continue class govern
ment. Voting yesterday was light.
The candidates for office are;
Dick Ragsdale and Jim Torre,
junior class president; Lesley
Jane Ott, junior class vice presi
dent: Don Gray and Tim Ingram,
sophomore class president; and
Don Gray, sophomore class vice
president.
Final voting will take place to
day to determine Sophomore and
Junior Class officers, and to re
solve the proposition, “Do you
favor the continuance of Fresh
man, Sophomore, and Junior
Class government?” Ballots may
be cast from 8:45 a.m. to 4 p.m.
at the Post Office, Engineering
Corner, or the Main Library.
Votes for class officers will be
counted only if the student body
decides to continue class govern
ment. Voting yesterday was light.
The candidates for office are;
Dick Ragsdale and Jim Torre,
junior class president; Lesley
Jane Ott, junior class vice presi
dent: Don Gray and Tim Ingram,
sophomore class president; and
Don Gray, sophomore class vice
president.
