# Martin Elected President of IHC
## 
### 
The Inter-House Council has
announced the election of Skip
Martin as its new president for
1963-64. Martin, a sophomore ma
joring in General Engineering,
was elected yesterday in a run
off against Jim Hauser. Martin
made the following statement to
The Daily:
“I am encouraged with the
progress being made in independ
ent living at Stanford. This year
has shown that the interest and
potential is present in Stern for
a really good living system. The
Inter-House Council is taking an
active part in developing this po
tential and I'm very happy to
have the opportunity to head it
up.”
After the announcement of the
election results, Glenn Sampson,
the present IHC president said,
“On behalf of the men in Stern,
I would like to cogratulate Skip
on his election as IHC president.”
Martin lives in Donner House
in Stern.
