# Surgeon to Speak At Pre-Med Meet
## 
### 
Dr. Blake Wilbur will speak on
"Surgery as Related to General
Medicine" at the Pre-Med Club
meeting on Thursday, according to
Edward Nielsen, president. The
meeting will be held in the Wom
en's Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clock,
Dr. Blake Wilbur will speak on
"Surgery as Related to General
Medicine" at the Pre-Med Club
meeting on Thursday, according to
Edward Nielsen, president. The
meeting will be held in the Wom
en's Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clock,
Dr. Blake Wilbur will speak on
"Surgery as Related to General
Medicine" at the Pre-Med Club
meeting on Thursday, according to
Edward Nielsen, president. The
meeting will be held in the Wom
en's Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clock,
Dr. Blake Wilbur will speak on
"Surgery as Related to General
Medicine" at the Pre-Med Club
meeting on Thursday, according to
Edward Nielsen, president. The
meeting will be held in the Wom
en's Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clock,
Dr. Blake Wilbur will speak on
"Surgery as Related to General
Medicine" at the Pre-Med Club
meeting on Thursday, according to
Edward Nielsen, president. The
meeting will be held in the Wom
en's Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clock,
Dr. Blake Wilbur will speak on
"Surgery as Related to General
Medicine" at the Pre-Med Club
meeting on Thursday, according to
Edward Nielsen, president. The
meeting will be held in the Wom
en's Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clock,
Dr. Blake Wilbur will speak on
"Surgery as Related to General
Medicine" at the Pre-Med Club
meeting on Thursday, according to
Edward Nielsen, president. The
meeting will be held in the Wom
en's Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clock,
Dr. Blake Wilbur will speak on
"Surgery as Related to General
Medicine" at the Pre-Med Club
meeting on Thursday, according to
Edward Nielsen, president. The
meeting will be held in the Wom
en's Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clock,
Dr. Blake Wilbur will speak on
"Surgery as Related to General
Medicine" at the Pre-Med Club
meeting on Thursday, according to
Edward Nielsen, president. The
meeting will be held in the Wom
en's Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clock,
Dr. Blake Wilbur will speak on
"Surgery as Related to General
Medicine" at the Pre-Med Club
meeting on Thursday, according to
Edward Nielsen, president. The
meeting will be held in the Wom
en's Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clock,
Dr. Blake Wilbur will speak on
"Surgery as Related to General
Medicine" at the Pre-Med Club
meeting on Thursday, according to
Edward Nielsen, president. The
meeting will be held in the Wom
en's Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clock,
Dr. Blake Wilbur will speak on
"Surgery as Related to General
Medicine" at the Pre-Med Club
meeting on Thursday, according to
Edward Nielsen, president. The
meeting will be held in the Wom
en's Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clock,
Dr. Blake Wilbur will speak on
"Surgery as Related to General
Medicine" at the Pre-Med Club
meeting on Thursday, according to
Edward Nielsen, president. The
meeting will be held in the Wom
en's Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clock,
Dr. Blake Wilbur will speak on
"Surgery as Related to General
Medicine" at the Pre-Med Club
meeting on Thursday, according to
Edward Nielsen, president. The
meeting will be held in the Wom
en's Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clock,
Dr. Blake Wilbur will speak on
"Surgery as Related to General
Medicine" at the Pre-Med Club
meeting on Thursday, according to
Edward Nielsen, president. The
meeting will be held in the Wom
en's Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clock,
Dr. Blake Wilbur will speak on
"Surgery as Related to General
Medicine" at the Pre-Med Club
meeting on Thursday, according to
Edward Nielsen, president. The
meeting will be held in the Wom
en's Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clock,
Dr. Blake Wilbur will speak on
"Surgery as Related to General
Medicine" at the Pre-Med Club
meeting on Thursday, according to
Edward Nielsen, president. The
meeting will be held in the Wom
en's Clubhouse at 7:30 o'clock,
