# STIFF DRILL FOR O.S.C.
## 
### 
CORVALLIS, Oct. 22 (UP) .--Tin
Oregon State College football team
went through a stiil practice sched
ule today in preparation for theii
departure Wednesday for Los An
geles where they will meet tin
U.C.L.A. Bruins Saturday. 80l
Saunders, tackle, was out with an
injured knee.
CORVALLIS, Oct. 22 (UP) .--Tin
Oregon State College football team
went through a stiil practice sched
ule today in preparation for theii
departure Wednesday for Los An
geles where they will meet tin
U.C.L.A. Bruins Saturday. 80l
Saunders, tackle, was out with an
injured knee.
CORVALLIS, Oct. 22 (UP) .--Tin
Oregon State College football team
went through a stiil practice sched
ule today in preparation for theii
departure Wednesday for Los An
geles where they will meet tin
U.C.L.A. Bruins Saturday. 80l
Saunders, tackle, was out with an
injured knee.
CORVALLIS, Oct. 22 (UP) .--Tin
Oregon State College football team
went through a stiil practice sched
ule today in preparation for theii
departure Wednesday for Los An
geles where they will meet tin
U.C.L.A. Bruins Saturday. 80l
Saunders, tackle, was out with an
injured knee.
CORVALLIS, Oct. 22 (UP) .--Tin
Oregon State College football team
went through a stiil practice sched
ule today in preparation for theii
departure Wednesday for Los An
geles where they will meet tin
U.C.L.A. Bruins Saturday. 80l
Saunders, tackle, was out with an
injured knee.
CORVALLIS, Oct. 22 (UP) .--Tin
Oregon State College football team
went through a stiil practice sched
ule today in preparation for theii
departure Wednesday for Los An
geles where they will meet tin
U.C.L.A. Bruins Saturday. 80l
Saunders, tackle, was out with an
injured knee.
CORVALLIS, Oct. 22 (UP) .--Tin
Oregon State College football team
went through a stiil practice sched
ule today in preparation for theii
departure Wednesday for Los An
geles where they will meet tin
U.C.L.A. Bruins Saturday. 80l
Saunders, tackle, was out with an
injured knee.
CORVALLIS, Oct. 22 (UP) .--Tin
Oregon State College football team
went through a stiil practice sched
ule today in preparation for theii
departure Wednesday for Los An
geles where they will meet tin
U.C.L.A. Bruins Saturday. 80l
Saunders, tackle, was out with an
injured knee.
CORVALLIS, Oct. 22 (UP) .--Tin
Oregon State College football team
went through a stiil practice sched
ule today in preparation for theii
departure Wednesday for Los An
geles where they will meet tin
U.C.L.A. Bruins Saturday. 80l
Saunders, tackle, was out with an
injured knee.
CORVALLIS, Oct. 22 (UP) .--Tin
Oregon State College football team
went through a stiil practice sched
ule today in preparation for theii
departure Wednesday for Los An
geles where they will meet tin
U.C.L.A. Bruins Saturday. 80l
Saunders, tackle, was out with an
injured knee.
CORVALLIS, Oct. 22 (UP) .--Tin
Oregon State College football team
went through a stiil practice sched
ule today in preparation for theii
departure Wednesday for Los An
geles where they will meet tin
U.C.L.A. Bruins Saturday. 80l
Saunders, tackle, was out with an
injured knee.
CORVALLIS, Oct. 22 (UP) .--Tin
Oregon State College football team
went through a stiil practice sched
ule today in preparation for theii
departure Wednesday for Los An
geles where they will meet tin
U.C.L.A. Bruins Saturday. 80l
Saunders, tackle, was out with an
injured knee.
CORVALLIS, Oct. 22 (UP) .--Tin
Oregon State College football team
went through a stiil practice sched
ule today in preparation for theii
departure Wednesday for Los An
geles where they will meet tin
U.C.L.A. Bruins Saturday. 80l
Saunders, tackle, was out with an
injured knee.
CORVALLIS, Oct. 22 (UP) .--Tin
Oregon State College football team
went through a stiil practice sched
ule today in preparation for theii
departure Wednesday for Los An
geles where they will meet tin
U.C.L.A. Bruins Saturday. 80l
Saunders, tackle, was out with an
injured knee.
CORVALLIS, Oct. 22 (UP) .--Tin
Oregon State College football team
went through a stiil practice sched
ule today in preparation for theii
departure Wednesday for Los An
geles where they will meet tin
U.C.L.A. Bruins Saturday. 80l
Saunders, tackle, was out with an
injured knee.
CORVALLIS, Oct. 22 (UP) .--Tin
Oregon State College football team
went through a stiil practice sched
ule today in preparation for theii
departure Wednesday for Los An
geles where they will meet tin
U.C.L.A. Bruins Saturday. 80l
Saunders, tackle, was out with an
injured knee.
CORVALLIS, Oct. 22 (UP) .--Tin
Oregon State College football team
went through a stiil practice sched
ule today in preparation for theii
departure Wednesday for Los An
geles where they will meet tin
U.C.L.A. Bruins Saturday. 80l
Saunders, tackle, was out with an
injured knee.
