# Lagunita Greets Freshman Women
## 
### 
Halolwe'en pumpkins, apples, and
spooks greeted freshman women in
Lagunita yesterday when about 170
girls from the Oaks, Union, and
Roble were guests at (he sophomore
tea, which lasted from 3:30 to 5
o'clock.
Visitors were shown around the
casas, through the dining room, and
the various social rooms. They
bobbed for apples in the center
court, and were frightened by
spooks in the "chamber of hor
rors." Apples, doughnuts and cider
were served from tables on the ter
race, and the mode adventurous
souls were enticed to eat their ap
ples dangling on a string from a
tree. Chairmen of the tea were Ruth
Atkins and Mary Ann Walker, aided
by a committee composed of Jean
Campbell. Miriam Brasher, Nancy
Summerfield, Florence Bullitt, and
Eleanor Dean.
Halolwe'en pumpkins, apples, and
spooks greeted freshman women in
Lagunita yesterday when about 170
girls from the Oaks, Union, and
Roble were guests at (he sophomore
tea, which lasted from 3:30 to 5
o'clock.
Visitors were shown around the
casas, through the dining room, and
the various social rooms. They
bobbed for apples in the center
court, and were frightened by
spooks in the "chamber of hor
rors." Apples, doughnuts and cider
were served from tables on the ter
race, and the mode adventurous
souls were enticed to eat their ap
ples dangling on a string from a
tree. Chairmen of the tea were Ruth
Atkins and Mary Ann Walker, aided
by a committee composed of Jean
Campbell. Miriam Brasher, Nancy
Summerfield, Florence Bullitt, and
Eleanor Dean.
Halolwe'en pumpkins, apples, and
spooks greeted freshman women in
Lagunita yesterday when about 170
girls from the Oaks, Union, and
Roble were guests at (he sophomore
tea, which lasted from 3:30 to 5
o'clock.
Visitors were shown around the
casas, through the dining room, and
the various social rooms. They
bobbed for apples in the center
court, and were frightened by
spooks in the "chamber of hor
rors." Apples, doughnuts and cider
were served from tables on the ter
race, and the mode adventurous
souls were enticed to eat their ap
ples dangling on a string from a
tree. Chairmen of the tea were Ruth
Atkins and Mary Ann Walker, aided
by a committee composed of Jean
Campbell. Miriam Brasher, Nancy
Summerfield, Florence Bullitt, and
Eleanor Dean.
Halolwe'en pumpkins, apples, and
spooks greeted freshman women in
Lagunita yesterday when about 170
girls from the Oaks, Union, and
Roble were guests at (he sophomore
tea, which lasted from 3:30 to 5
o'clock.
Visitors were shown around the
casas, through the dining room, and
the various social rooms. They
bobbed for apples in the center
court, and were frightened by
spooks in the "chamber of hor
rors." Apples, doughnuts and cider
were served from tables on the ter
race, and the mode adventurous
souls were enticed to eat their ap
ples dangling on a string from a
tree. Chairmen of the tea were Ruth
Atkins and Mary Ann Walker, aided
by a committee composed of Jean
Campbell. Miriam Brasher, Nancy
Summerfield, Florence Bullitt, and
Eleanor Dean.
Halolwe'en pumpkins, apples, and
spooks greeted freshman women in
Lagunita yesterday when about 170
girls from the Oaks, Union, and
Roble were guests at (he sophomore
tea, which lasted from 3:30 to 5
o'clock.
Visitors were shown around the
casas, through the dining room, and
the various social rooms. They
bobbed for apples in the center
court, and were frightened by
spooks in the "chamber of hor
rors." Apples, doughnuts and cider
were served from tables on the ter
race, and the mode adventurous
souls were enticed to eat their ap
ples dangling on a string from a
tree. Chairmen of the tea were Ruth
Atkins and Mary Ann Walker, aided
by a committee composed of Jean
Campbell. Miriam Brasher, Nancy
Summerfield, Florence Bullitt, and
Eleanor Dean.
Halolwe'en pumpkins, apples, and
spooks greeted freshman women in
Lagunita yesterday when about 170
girls from the Oaks, Union, and
Roble were guests at (he sophomore
tea, which lasted from 3:30 to 5
o'clock.
Visitors were shown around the
casas, through the dining room, and
the various social rooms. They
bobbed for apples in the center
court, and were frightened by
spooks in the "chamber of hor
rors." Apples, doughnuts and cider
were served from tables on the ter
race, and the mode adventurous
souls were enticed to eat their ap
ples dangling on a string from a
tree. Chairmen of the tea were Ruth
Atkins and Mary Ann Walker, aided
by a committee composed of Jean
Campbell. Miriam Brasher, Nancy
Summerfield, Florence Bullitt, and
Eleanor Dean.
Halolwe'en pumpkins, apples, and
spooks greeted freshman women in
Lagunita yesterday when about 170
girls from the Oaks, Union, and
Roble were guests at (he sophomore
tea, which lasted from 3:30 to 5
o'clock.
Visitors were shown around the
casas, through the dining room, and
the various social rooms. They
bobbed for apples in the center
court, and were frightened by
spooks in the "chamber of hor
rors." Apples, doughnuts and cider
were served from tables on the ter
race, and the mode adventurous
souls were enticed to eat their ap
ples dangling on a string from a
tree. Chairmen of the tea were Ruth
Atkins and Mary Ann Walker, aided
by a committee composed of Jean
Campbell. Miriam Brasher, Nancy
Summerfield, Florence Bullitt, and
Eleanor Dean.
Halolwe'en pumpkins, apples, and
spooks greeted freshman women in
Lagunita yesterday when about 170
girls from the Oaks, Union, and
Roble were guests at (he sophomore
tea, which lasted from 3:30 to 5
o'clock.
Visitors were shown around the
casas, through the dining room, and
the various social rooms. They
bobbed for apples in the center
court, and were frightened by
spooks in the "chamber of hor
rors." Apples, doughnuts and cider
were served from tables on the ter
race, and the mode adventurous
souls were enticed to eat their ap
ples dangling on a string from a
tree. Chairmen of the tea were Ruth
Atkins and Mary Ann Walker, aided
by a committee composed of Jean
Campbell. Miriam Brasher, Nancy
Summerfield, Florence Bullitt, and
Eleanor Dean.
Halolwe'en pumpkins, apples, and
spooks greeted freshman women in
Lagunita yesterday when about 170
girls from the Oaks, Union, and
Roble were guests at (he sophomore
tea, which lasted from 3:30 to 5
o'clock.
Visitors were shown around the
casas, through the dining room, and
the various social rooms. They
bobbed for apples in the center
court, and were frightened by
spooks in the "chamber of hor
rors." Apples, doughnuts and cider
were served from tables on the ter
race, and the mode adventurous
souls were enticed to eat their ap
ples dangling on a string from a
tree. Chairmen of the tea were Ruth
Atkins and Mary Ann Walker, aided
by a committee composed of Jean
Campbell. Miriam Brasher, Nancy
Summerfield, Florence Bullitt, and
Eleanor Dean.
Halolwe'en pumpkins, apples, and
spooks greeted freshman women in
Lagunita yesterday when about 170
girls from the Oaks, Union, and
Roble were guests at (he sophomore
tea, which lasted from 3:30 to 5
o'clock.
Visitors were shown around the
casas, through the dining room, and
the various social rooms. They
bobbed for apples in the center
court, and were frightened by
spooks in the "chamber of hor
rors." Apples, doughnuts and cider
were served from tables on the ter
race, and the mode adventurous
souls were enticed to eat their ap
ples dangling on a string from a
tree. Chairmen of the tea were Ruth
Atkins and Mary Ann Walker, aided
by a committee composed of Jean
Campbell. Miriam Brasher, Nancy
Summerfield, Florence Bullitt, and
Eleanor Dean.
Halolwe'en pumpkins, apples, and
spooks greeted freshman women in
Lagunita yesterday when about 170
girls from the Oaks, Union, and
Roble were guests at (he sophomore
tea, which lasted from 3:30 to 5
o'clock.
Visitors were shown around the
casas, through the dining room, and
the various social rooms. They
bobbed for apples in the center
court, and were frightened by
spooks in the "chamber of hor
rors." Apples, doughnuts and cider
were served from tables on the ter
race, and the mode adventurous
souls were enticed to eat their ap
ples dangling on a string from a
tree. Chairmen of the tea were Ruth
Atkins and Mary Ann Walker, aided
by a committee composed of Jean
Campbell. Miriam Brasher, Nancy
Summerfield, Florence Bullitt, and
Eleanor Dean.
Halolwe'en pumpkins, apples, and
spooks greeted freshman women in
Lagunita yesterday when about 170
girls from the Oaks, Union, and
Roble were guests at (he sophomore
tea, which lasted from 3:30 to 5
o'clock.
Visitors were shown around the
casas, through the dining room, and
the various social rooms. They
bobbed for apples in the center
court, and were frightened by
spooks in the "chamber of hor
rors." Apples, doughnuts and cider
were served from tables on the ter
race, and the mode adventurous
souls were enticed to eat their ap
ples dangling on a string from a
tree. Chairmen of the tea were Ruth
Atkins and Mary Ann Walker, aided
by a committee composed of Jean
Campbell. Miriam Brasher, Nancy
Summerfield, Florence Bullitt, and
Eleanor Dean.
Halolwe'en pumpkins, apples, and
spooks greeted freshman women in
Lagunita yesterday when about 170
girls from the Oaks, Union, and
Roble were guests at (he sophomore
tea, which lasted from 3:30 to 5
o'clock.
Visitors were shown around the
casas, through the dining room, and
the various social rooms. They
bobbed for apples in the center
court, and were frightened by
spooks in the "chamber of hor
rors." Apples, doughnuts and cider
were served from tables on the ter
race, and the mode adventurous
souls were enticed to eat their ap
ples dangling on a string from a
tree. Chairmen of the tea were Ruth
Atkins and Mary Ann Walker, aided
by a committee composed of Jean
Campbell. Miriam Brasher, Nancy
Summerfield, Florence Bullitt, and
Eleanor Dean.
Halolwe'en pumpkins, apples, and
spooks greeted freshman women in
Lagunita yesterday when about 170
girls from the Oaks, Union, and
Roble were guests at (he sophomore
tea, which lasted from 3:30 to 5
o'clock.
Visitors were shown around the
casas, through the dining room, and
the various social rooms. They
bobbed for apples in the center
court, and were frightened by
spooks in the "chamber of hor
rors." Apples, doughnuts and cider
were served from tables on the ter
race, and the mode adventurous
souls were enticed to eat their ap
ples dangling on a string from a
tree. Chairmen of the tea were Ruth
Atkins and Mary Ann Walker, aided
by a committee composed of Jean
Campbell. Miriam Brasher, Nancy
Summerfield, Florence Bullitt, and
Eleanor Dean.
Halolwe'en pumpkins, apples, and
spooks greeted freshman women in
Lagunita yesterday when about 170
girls from the Oaks, Union, and
Roble were guests at (he sophomore
tea, which lasted from 3:30 to 5
o'clock.
Visitors were shown around the
casas, through the dining room, and
the various social rooms. They
bobbed for apples in the center
court, and were frightened by
spooks in the "chamber of hor
rors." Apples, doughnuts and cider
were served from tables on the ter
race, and the mode adventurous
souls were enticed to eat their ap
ples dangling on a string from a
tree. Chairmen of the tea were Ruth
Atkins and Mary Ann Walker, aided
by a committee composed of Jean
Campbell. Miriam Brasher, Nancy
Summerfield, Florence Bullitt, and
Eleanor Dean.
Halolwe'en pumpkins, apples, and
spooks greeted freshman women in
Lagunita yesterday when about 170
girls from the Oaks, Union, and
Roble were guests at (he sophomore
tea, which lasted from 3:30 to 5
o'clock.
Visitors were shown around the
casas, through the dining room, and
the various social rooms. They
bobbed for apples in the center
court, and were frightened by
spooks in the "chamber of hor
rors." Apples, doughnuts and cider
were served from tables on the ter
race, and the mode adventurous
souls were enticed to eat their ap
ples dangling on a string from a
tree. Chairmen of the tea were Ruth
Atkins and Mary Ann Walker, aided
by a committee composed of Jean
Campbell. Miriam Brasher, Nancy
Summerfield, Florence Bullitt, and
Eleanor Dean.
Halolwe'en pumpkins, apples, and
spooks greeted freshman women in
Lagunita yesterday when about 170
girls from the Oaks, Union, and
Roble were guests at (he sophomore
tea, which lasted from 3:30 to 5
o'clock.
Visitors were shown around the
casas, through the dining room, and
the various social rooms. They
bobbed for apples in the center
court, and were frightened by
spooks in the "chamber of hor
rors." Apples, doughnuts and cider
were served from tables on the ter
race, and the mode adventurous
souls were enticed to eat their ap
ples dangling on a string from a
tree. Chairmen of the tea were Ruth
Atkins and Mary Ann Walker, aided
by a committee composed of Jean
Campbell. Miriam Brasher, Nancy
Summerfield, Florence Bullitt, and
Eleanor Dean.
