# DUCKS-COUGAR GAME
## 
### 
PULLMAN, Oct. 22 (UP).—Wash
ington State College gridders today
pointed for their last home game of
(he season —an appearance here
Saturday against the University of
Oregon Webfoots, to whom they lost
38-0 last year. Coach Babe Holling
bery said his men came through the
Stanford defeat without serious in
juries.

In London, the average daily con
sumption of water amounts to 38
gallons per capita.
PULLMAN, Oct. 22 (UP).—Wash
ington State College gridders today
pointed for their last home game of
(he season —an appearance here
Saturday against the University of
Oregon Webfoots, to whom they lost
38-0 last year. Coach Babe Holling
bery said his men came through the
Stanford defeat without serious in
juries.

In London, the average daily con
sumption of water amounts to 38
gallons per capita.
PULLMAN, Oct. 22 (UP).—Wash
ington State College gridders today
pointed for their last home game of
(he season —an appearance here
Saturday against the University of
Oregon Webfoots, to whom they lost
38-0 last year. Coach Babe Holling
bery said his men came through the
Stanford defeat without serious in
juries.

In London, the average daily con
sumption of water amounts to 38
gallons per capita.
PULLMAN, Oct. 22 (UP).—Wash
ington State College gridders today
pointed for their last home game of
(he season —an appearance here
Saturday against the University of
Oregon Webfoots, to whom they lost
38-0 last year. Coach Babe Holling
bery said his men came through the
Stanford defeat without serious in
juries.

In London, the average daily con
sumption of water amounts to 38
gallons per capita.
PULLMAN, Oct. 22 (UP).—Wash
ington State College gridders today
pointed for their last home game of
(he season —an appearance here
Saturday against the University of
Oregon Webfoots, to whom they lost
38-0 last year. Coach Babe Holling
bery said his men came through the
Stanford defeat without serious in
juries.

In London, the average daily con
sumption of water amounts to 38
gallons per capita.
PULLMAN, Oct. 22 (UP).—Wash
ington State College gridders today
pointed for their last home game of
(he season —an appearance here
Saturday against the University of
Oregon Webfoots, to whom they lost
38-0 last year. Coach Babe Holling
bery said his men came through the
Stanford defeat without serious in
juries.

In London, the average daily con
sumption of water amounts to 38
gallons per capita.
PULLMAN, Oct. 22 (UP).—Wash
ington State College gridders today
pointed for their last home game of
(he season —an appearance here
Saturday against the University of
Oregon Webfoots, to whom they lost
38-0 last year. Coach Babe Holling
bery said his men came through the
Stanford defeat without serious in
juries.

In London, the average daily con
sumption of water amounts to 38
gallons per capita.
PULLMAN, Oct. 22 (UP).—Wash
ington State College gridders today
pointed for their last home game of
(he season —an appearance here
Saturday against the University of
Oregon Webfoots, to whom they lost
38-0 last year. Coach Babe Holling
bery said his men came through the
Stanford defeat without serious in
juries.

In London, the average daily con
sumption of water amounts to 38
gallons per capita.
PULLMAN, Oct. 22 (UP).—Wash
ington State College gridders today
pointed for their last home game of
(he season —an appearance here
Saturday against the University of
Oregon Webfoots, to whom they lost
38-0 last year. Coach Babe Holling
bery said his men came through the
Stanford defeat without serious in
juries.

In London, the average daily con
sumption of water amounts to 38
gallons per capita.
PULLMAN, Oct. 22 (UP).—Wash
ington State College gridders today
pointed for their last home game of
(he season —an appearance here
Saturday against the University of
Oregon Webfoots, to whom they lost
38-0 last year. Coach Babe Holling
bery said his men came through the
Stanford defeat without serious in
juries.

In London, the average daily con
sumption of water amounts to 38
gallons per capita.
PULLMAN, Oct. 22 (UP).—Wash
ington State College gridders today
pointed for their last home game of
(he season —an appearance here
Saturday against the University of
Oregon Webfoots, to whom they lost
38-0 last year. Coach Babe Holling
bery said his men came through the
Stanford defeat without serious in
juries.

In London, the average daily con
sumption of water amounts to 38
gallons per capita.
PULLMAN, Oct. 22 (UP).—Wash
ington State College gridders today
pointed for their last home game of
(he season —an appearance here
Saturday against the University of
Oregon Webfoots, to whom they lost
38-0 last year. Coach Babe Holling
bery said his men came through the
Stanford defeat without serious in
juries.

In London, the average daily con
sumption of water amounts to 38
gallons per capita.
PULLMAN, Oct. 22 (UP).—Wash
ington State College gridders today
pointed for their last home game of
(he season —an appearance here
Saturday against the University of
Oregon Webfoots, to whom they lost
38-0 last year. Coach Babe Holling
bery said his men came through the
Stanford defeat without serious in
juries.

In London, the average daily con
sumption of water amounts to 38
gallons per capita.
PULLMAN, Oct. 22 (UP).—Wash
ington State College gridders today
pointed for their last home game of
(he season —an appearance here
Saturday against the University of
Oregon Webfoots, to whom they lost
38-0 last year. Coach Babe Holling
bery said his men came through the
Stanford defeat without serious in
juries.

In London, the average daily con
sumption of water amounts to 38
gallons per capita.
PULLMAN, Oct. 22 (UP).—Wash
ington State College gridders today
pointed for their last home game of
(he season —an appearance here
Saturday against the University of
Oregon Webfoots, to whom they lost
38-0 last year. Coach Babe Holling
bery said his men came through the
Stanford defeat without serious in
juries.

In London, the average daily con
sumption of water amounts to 38
gallons per capita.
PULLMAN, Oct. 22 (UP).—Wash
ington State College gridders today
pointed for their last home game of
(he season —an appearance here
Saturday against the University of
Oregon Webfoots, to whom they lost
38-0 last year. Coach Babe Holling
bery said his men came through the
Stanford defeat without serious in
juries.

In London, the average daily con
sumption of water amounts to 38
gallons per capita.
PULLMAN, Oct. 22 (UP).—Wash
ington State College gridders today
pointed for their last home game of
(he season —an appearance here
Saturday against the University of
Oregon Webfoots, to whom they lost
38-0 last year. Coach Babe Holling
bery said his men came through the
Stanford defeat without serious in
juries.

In London, the average daily con
sumption of water amounts to 38
gallons per capita.
