# U.S.C.'S SOHN BETTER
## 
### 
Reports from .Los Angeles today
indicated that guard Ben Sohn is
recovering from the slight cold
which handicapped him in the Sat
urday game between U.S.C, and the
University of Oregon. Sohn is ex
pected to be in top shape for the
encounter with Stanford on Octo
ber 2G
Reports from .Los Angeles today
indicated that guard Ben Sohn is
recovering from the slight cold
which handicapped him in the Sat
urday game between U.S.C, and the
University of Oregon. Sohn is ex
pected to be in top shape for the
encounter with Stanford on Octo
ber 2G
Reports from .Los Angeles today
indicated that guard Ben Sohn is
recovering from the slight cold
which handicapped him in the Sat
urday game between U.S.C, and the
University of Oregon. Sohn is ex
pected to be in top shape for the
encounter with Stanford on Octo
ber 2G
Reports from .Los Angeles today
indicated that guard Ben Sohn is
recovering from the slight cold
which handicapped him in the Sat
urday game between U.S.C, and the
University of Oregon. Sohn is ex
pected to be in top shape for the
encounter with Stanford on Octo
ber 2G
Reports from .Los Angeles today
indicated that guard Ben Sohn is
recovering from the slight cold
which handicapped him in the Sat
urday game between U.S.C, and the
University of Oregon. Sohn is ex
pected to be in top shape for the
encounter with Stanford on Octo
ber 2G
Reports from .Los Angeles today
indicated that guard Ben Sohn is
recovering from the slight cold
which handicapped him in the Sat
urday game between U.S.C, and the
University of Oregon. Sohn is ex
pected to be in top shape for the
encounter with Stanford on Octo
ber 2G
Reports from .Los Angeles today
indicated that guard Ben Sohn is
recovering from the slight cold
which handicapped him in the Sat
urday game between U.S.C, and the
University of Oregon. Sohn is ex
pected to be in top shape for the
encounter with Stanford on Octo
ber 2G
Reports from .Los Angeles today
indicated that guard Ben Sohn is
recovering from the slight cold
which handicapped him in the Sat
urday game between U.S.C, and the
University of Oregon. Sohn is ex
pected to be in top shape for the
encounter with Stanford on Octo
ber 2G
Reports from .Los Angeles today
indicated that guard Ben Sohn is
recovering from the slight cold
which handicapped him in the Sat
urday game between U.S.C, and the
University of Oregon. Sohn is ex
pected to be in top shape for the
encounter with Stanford on Octo
ber 2G
Reports from .Los Angeles today
indicated that guard Ben Sohn is
recovering from the slight cold
which handicapped him in the Sat
urday game between U.S.C, and the
University of Oregon. Sohn is ex
pected to be in top shape for the
encounter with Stanford on Octo
ber 2G
Reports from .Los Angeles today
indicated that guard Ben Sohn is
recovering from the slight cold
which handicapped him in the Sat
urday game between U.S.C, and the
University of Oregon. Sohn is ex
pected to be in top shape for the
encounter with Stanford on Octo
ber 2G
Reports from .Los Angeles today
indicated that guard Ben Sohn is
recovering from the slight cold
which handicapped him in the Sat
urday game between U.S.C, and the
University of Oregon. Sohn is ex
pected to be in top shape for the
encounter with Stanford on Octo
ber 2G
Reports from .Los Angeles today
indicated that guard Ben Sohn is
recovering from the slight cold
which handicapped him in the Sat
urday game between U.S.C, and the
University of Oregon. Sohn is ex
pected to be in top shape for the
encounter with Stanford on Octo
ber 2G
Reports from .Los Angeles today
indicated that guard Ben Sohn is
recovering from the slight cold
which handicapped him in the Sat
urday game between U.S.C, and the
University of Oregon. Sohn is ex
pected to be in top shape for the
encounter with Stanford on Octo
ber 2G
Reports from .Los Angeles today
indicated that guard Ben Sohn is
recovering from the slight cold
which handicapped him in the Sat
urday game between U.S.C, and the
University of Oregon. Sohn is ex
pected to be in top shape for the
encounter with Stanford on Octo
ber 2G
Reports from .Los Angeles today
indicated that guard Ben Sohn is
recovering from the slight cold
which handicapped him in the Sat
urday game between U.S.C, and the
University of Oregon. Sohn is ex
pected to be in top shape for the
encounter with Stanford on Octo
ber 2G
Reports from .Los Angeles today
indicated that guard Ben Sohn is
recovering from the slight cold
which handicapped him in the Sat
urday game between U.S.C, and the
University of Oregon. Sohn is ex
pected to be in top shape for the
encounter with Stanford on Octo
ber 2G
