# Tickets For U.S.C., Army Games Go On Sale Today
## 
### 
"Today is the first day that appli
cations may be made for tickets for
season tickets and for the Stanford-
U.S.C. and Stanford-Army games," an
nounced Don Liebendorfer, publicity
manager for the Board of Athletic
Control.
Applications will be accepted in any
of the Stanford ticket agencies and
at the office of the Board on the
campus. The season tickets include
all game except the game with Cali
fornia.
"Today is the first day that appli
cations may be made for tickets for
season tickets and for the Stanford-
U.S.C. and Stanford-Army games," an
nounced Don Liebendorfer, publicity
manager for the Board of Athletic
Control.
Applications will be accepted in any
of the Stanford ticket agencies and
at the office of the Board on the
campus. The season tickets include
all game except the game with Cali
fornia.
"Today is the first day that appli
cations may be made for tickets for
season tickets and for the Stanford-
U.S.C. and Stanford-Army games," an
nounced Don Liebendorfer, publicity
manager for the Board of Athletic
Control.
Applications will be accepted in any
of the Stanford ticket agencies and
at the office of the Board on the
campus. The season tickets include
all game except the game with Cali
fornia.
"Today is the first day that appli
cations may be made for tickets for
season tickets and for the Stanford-
U.S.C. and Stanford-Army games," an
nounced Don Liebendorfer, publicity
manager for the Board of Athletic
Control.
Applications will be accepted in any
of the Stanford ticket agencies and
at the office of the Board on the
campus. The season tickets include
all game except the game with Cali
fornia.
"Today is the first day that appli
cations may be made for tickets for
season tickets and for the Stanford-
U.S.C. and Stanford-Army games," an
nounced Don Liebendorfer, publicity
manager for the Board of Athletic
Control.
Applications will be accepted in any
of the Stanford ticket agencies and
at the office of the Board on the
campus. The season tickets include
all game except the game with Cali
fornia.
"Today is the first day that appli
cations may be made for tickets for
season tickets and for the Stanford-
U.S.C. and Stanford-Army games," an
nounced Don Liebendorfer, publicity
manager for the Board of Athletic
Control.
Applications will be accepted in any
of the Stanford ticket agencies and
at the office of the Board on the
campus. The season tickets include
all game except the game with Cali
fornia.
"Today is the first day that appli
cations may be made for tickets for
season tickets and for the Stanford-
U.S.C. and Stanford-Army games," an
nounced Don Liebendorfer, publicity
manager for the Board of Athletic
Control.
Applications will be accepted in any
of the Stanford ticket agencies and
at the office of the Board on the
campus. The season tickets include
all game except the game with Cali
fornia.
"Today is the first day that appli
cations may be made for tickets for
season tickets and for the Stanford-
U.S.C. and Stanford-Army games," an
nounced Don Liebendorfer, publicity
manager for the Board of Athletic
Control.
Applications will be accepted in any
of the Stanford ticket agencies and
at the office of the Board on the
campus. The season tickets include
all game except the game with Cali
fornia.
"Today is the first day that appli
cations may be made for tickets for
season tickets and for the Stanford-
U.S.C. and Stanford-Army games," an
nounced Don Liebendorfer, publicity
manager for the Board of Athletic
Control.
Applications will be accepted in any
of the Stanford ticket agencies and
at the office of the Board on the
campus. The season tickets include
all game except the game with Cali
fornia.
"Today is the first day that appli
cations may be made for tickets for
season tickets and for the Stanford-
U.S.C. and Stanford-Army games," an
nounced Don Liebendorfer, publicity
manager for the Board of Athletic
Control.
Applications will be accepted in any
of the Stanford ticket agencies and
at the office of the Board on the
campus. The season tickets include
all game except the game with Cali
fornia.
"Today is the first day that appli
cations may be made for tickets for
season tickets and for the Stanford-
U.S.C. and Stanford-Army games," an
nounced Don Liebendorfer, publicity
manager for the Board of Athletic
Control.
Applications will be accepted in any
of the Stanford ticket agencies and
at the office of the Board on the
campus. The season tickets include
all game except the game with Cali
fornia.
"Today is the first day that appli
cations may be made for tickets for
season tickets and for the Stanford-
U.S.C. and Stanford-Army games," an
nounced Don Liebendorfer, publicity
manager for the Board of Athletic
Control.
Applications will be accepted in any
of the Stanford ticket agencies and
at the office of the Board on the
campus. The season tickets include
all game except the game with Cali
fornia.
"Today is the first day that appli
cations may be made for tickets for
season tickets and for the Stanford-
U.S.C. and Stanford-Army games," an
nounced Don Liebendorfer, publicity
manager for the Board of Athletic
Control.
Applications will be accepted in any
of the Stanford ticket agencies and
at the office of the Board on the
campus. The season tickets include
all game except the game with Cali
fornia.
"Today is the first day that appli
cations may be made for tickets for
season tickets and for the Stanford-
U.S.C. and Stanford-Army games," an
nounced Don Liebendorfer, publicity
manager for the Board of Athletic
Control.
Applications will be accepted in any
of the Stanford ticket agencies and
at the office of the Board on the
campus. The season tickets include
all game except the game with Cali
fornia.
"Today is the first day that appli
cations may be made for tickets for
season tickets and for the Stanford-
U.S.C. and Stanford-Army games," an
nounced Don Liebendorfer, publicity
manager for the Board of Athletic
Control.
Applications will be accepted in any
of the Stanford ticket agencies and
at the office of the Board on the
campus. The season tickets include
all game except the game with Cali
fornia.
"Today is the first day that appli
cations may be made for tickets for
season tickets and for the Stanford-
U.S.C. and Stanford-Army games," an
nounced Don Liebendorfer, publicity
manager for the Board of Athletic
Control.
Applications will be accepted in any
of the Stanford ticket agencies and
at the office of the Board on the
campus. The season tickets include
all game except the game with Cali
fornia.
