# Dramatic Council Chooses Manager
## 
### 
Homer Mitchell, *21, was chosen
last night at the Dramatic Council's
meeting, as business manager of the
council. Several applications were
received for this position. The duties
of the business manager are to handle
the finances of all campus dramatics,
to have charge of all publicity and to
carry on the general financial business
of the Dramatic Council. Tie is a mem
ber of the Theta Delta Chi fraternity.
Homer Mitchell, *21, was chosen
last night at the Dramatic Council's
meeting, as business manager of the
council. Several applications were
received for this position. The duties
of the business manager are to handle
the finances of all campus dramatics,
to have charge of all publicity and to
carry on the general financial business
of the Dramatic Council. Tie is a mem
ber of the Theta Delta Chi fraternity.
Homer Mitchell, *21, was chosen
last night at the Dramatic Council's
meeting, as business manager of the
council. Several applications were
received for this position. The duties
of the business manager are to handle
the finances of all campus dramatics,
to have charge of all publicity and to
carry on the general financial business
of the Dramatic Council. Tie is a mem
ber of the Theta Delta Chi fraternity.
Homer Mitchell, *21, was chosen
last night at the Dramatic Council's
meeting, as business manager of the
council. Several applications were
received for this position. The duties
of the business manager are to handle
the finances of all campus dramatics,
to have charge of all publicity and to
carry on the general financial business
of the Dramatic Council. Tie is a mem
ber of the Theta Delta Chi fraternity.
Homer Mitchell, *21, was chosen
last night at the Dramatic Council's
meeting, as business manager of the
council. Several applications were
received for this position. The duties
of the business manager are to handle
the finances of all campus dramatics,
to have charge of all publicity and to
carry on the general financial business
of the Dramatic Council. Tie is a mem
ber of the Theta Delta Chi fraternity.
Homer Mitchell, *21, was chosen
last night at the Dramatic Council's
meeting, as business manager of the
council. Several applications were
received for this position. The duties
of the business manager are to handle
the finances of all campus dramatics,
to have charge of all publicity and to
carry on the general financial business
of the Dramatic Council. Tie is a mem
ber of the Theta Delta Chi fraternity.
Homer Mitchell, *21, was chosen
last night at the Dramatic Council's
meeting, as business manager of the
council. Several applications were
received for this position. The duties
of the business manager are to handle
the finances of all campus dramatics,
to have charge of all publicity and to
carry on the general financial business
of the Dramatic Council. Tie is a mem
ber of the Theta Delta Chi fraternity.
Homer Mitchell, *21, was chosen
last night at the Dramatic Council's
meeting, as business manager of the
council. Several applications were
received for this position. The duties
of the business manager are to handle
the finances of all campus dramatics,
to have charge of all publicity and to
carry on the general financial business
of the Dramatic Council. Tie is a mem
ber of the Theta Delta Chi fraternity.
Homer Mitchell, *21, was chosen
last night at the Dramatic Council's
meeting, as business manager of the
council. Several applications were
received for this position. The duties
of the business manager are to handle
the finances of all campus dramatics,
to have charge of all publicity and to
carry on the general financial business
of the Dramatic Council. Tie is a mem
ber of the Theta Delta Chi fraternity.
Homer Mitchell, *21, was chosen
last night at the Dramatic Council's
meeting, as business manager of the
council. Several applications were
received for this position. The duties
of the business manager are to handle
the finances of all campus dramatics,
to have charge of all publicity and to
carry on the general financial business
of the Dramatic Council. Tie is a mem
ber of the Theta Delta Chi fraternity.
Homer Mitchell, *21, was chosen
last night at the Dramatic Council's
meeting, as business manager of the
council. Several applications were
received for this position. The duties
of the business manager are to handle
the finances of all campus dramatics,
to have charge of all publicity and to
carry on the general financial business
of the Dramatic Council. Tie is a mem
ber of the Theta Delta Chi fraternity.
Homer Mitchell, *21, was chosen
last night at the Dramatic Council's
meeting, as business manager of the
council. Several applications were
received for this position. The duties
of the business manager are to handle
the finances of all campus dramatics,
to have charge of all publicity and to
carry on the general financial business
of the Dramatic Council. Tie is a mem
ber of the Theta Delta Chi fraternity.
Homer Mitchell, *21, was chosen
last night at the Dramatic Council's
meeting, as business manager of the
council. Several applications were
received for this position. The duties
of the business manager are to handle
the finances of all campus dramatics,
to have charge of all publicity and to
carry on the general financial business
of the Dramatic Council. Tie is a mem
ber of the Theta Delta Chi fraternity.
