# BRITISH COLUMBIA MAY SOLVE SHORTAGE FOR PAPER MAKERS
## 
### United Press 
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Oct. 19.—With
the world clamoring for print paper,
British Columbia promises to become
one of the great centers for the manu
facture of this product. Then years
ago, not a ton of pulp was manufactur
ed in the province. The total value
of pulp-wood products in 1919 was
$12,554,257. In money invested in
pulp factories British Columbia with
$50,000,000 ranks third among the pro
vinces of Canada.
"Great Britain and the United States
are drawing the greater part of their
paper supplies from Canada," says a
raport of the British Columbia gov
ernment. "With a world scarcity of
paper, capitalists are turning their
eyes to British Columbia which has
the largest stands of timber in the
world for the manufacture of pulp and
paper.
"Of the 360,370,000 cords of pulp
wood estimated to exist in the forests
of western Canada, British Columbia
has 285,370,000. British Columbia
timber yields the greatest average of
pulp to a cord. This average, under
the mechanical process, is 2,485
pounds.
"British Columbia is producing
enough newsprint to supply all Canada
where the annual consumption is 120,-
000 tons. The output of all kinds of
pulp and paper in the province last
year was: Sluphite 80,047 tons; sul
phate 9,437; ground wood 99,769;
newsprint paper 123,607; wrapping
paper 7,202."
The province now has seven fac
tories producing goundwood and chem
ical pulp and newsprint. The entire
output of cne of these plants goes to
Japan. The annual export of Australia
is 20,000 tons.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Oct. 19.—With
the world clamoring for print paper,
British Columbia promises to become
one of the great centers for the manu
facture of this product. Then years
ago, not a ton of pulp was manufactur
ed in the province. The total value
of pulp-wood products in 1919 was
$12,554,257. In money invested in
pulp factories British Columbia with
$50,000,000 ranks third among the pro
vinces of Canada.
"Great Britain and the United States
are drawing the greater part of their
paper supplies from Canada," says a
raport of the British Columbia gov
ernment. "With a world scarcity of
paper, capitalists are turning their
eyes to British Columbia which has
the largest stands of timber in the
world for the manufacture of pulp and
paper.
"Of the 360,370,000 cords of pulp
wood estimated to exist in the forests
of western Canada, British Columbia
has 285,370,000. British Columbia
timber yields the greatest average of
pulp to a cord. This average, under
the mechanical process, is 2,485
pounds.
"British Columbia is producing
enough newsprint to supply all Canada
where the annual consumption is 120,-
000 tons. The output of all kinds of
pulp and paper in the province last
year was: Sluphite 80,047 tons; sul
phate 9,437; ground wood 99,769;
newsprint paper 123,607; wrapping
paper 7,202."
The province now has seven fac
tories producing goundwood and chem
ical pulp and newsprint. The entire
output of cne of these plants goes to
Japan. The annual export of Australia
is 20,000 tons.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Oct. 19.—With
the world clamoring for print paper,
British Columbia promises to become
one of the great centers for the manu
facture of this product. Then years
ago, not a ton of pulp was manufactur
ed in the province. The total value
of pulp-wood products in 1919 was
$12,554,257. In money invested in
pulp factories British Columbia with
$50,000,000 ranks third among the pro
vinces of Canada.
"Great Britain and the United States
are drawing the greater part of their
paper supplies from Canada," says a
raport of the British Columbia gov
ernment. "With a world scarcity of
paper, capitalists are turning their
eyes to British Columbia which has
the largest stands of timber in the
world for the manufacture of pulp and
paper.
"Of the 360,370,000 cords of pulp
wood estimated to exist in the forests
of western Canada, British Columbia
has 285,370,000. British Columbia
timber yields the greatest average of
pulp to a cord. This average, under
the mechanical process, is 2,485
pounds.
"British Columbia is producing
enough newsprint to supply all Canada
where the annual consumption is 120,-
000 tons. The output of all kinds of
pulp and paper in the province last
year was: Sluphite 80,047 tons; sul
phate 9,437; ground wood 99,769;
newsprint paper 123,607; wrapping
paper 7,202."
The province now has seven fac
tories producing goundwood and chem
ical pulp and newsprint. The entire
output of cne of these plants goes to
Japan. The annual export of Australia
is 20,000 tons.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Oct. 19.—With
the world clamoring for print paper,
British Columbia promises to become
one of the great centers for the manu
facture of this product. Then years
ago, not a ton of pulp was manufactur
ed in the province. The total value
of pulp-wood products in 1919 was
$12,554,257. In money invested in
pulp factories British Columbia with
$50,000,000 ranks third among the pro
vinces of Canada.
"Great Britain and the United States
are drawing the greater part of their
paper supplies from Canada," says a
raport of the British Columbia gov
ernment. "With a world scarcity of
paper, capitalists are turning their
eyes to British Columbia which has
the largest stands of timber in the
world for the manufacture of pulp and
paper.
"Of the 360,370,000 cords of pulp
wood estimated to exist in the forests
of western Canada, British Columbia
has 285,370,000. British Columbia
timber yields the greatest average of
pulp to a cord. This average, under
the mechanical process, is 2,485
pounds.
"British Columbia is producing
enough newsprint to supply all Canada
where the annual consumption is 120,-
000 tons. The output of all kinds of
pulp and paper in the province last
year was: Sluphite 80,047 tons; sul
phate 9,437; ground wood 99,769;
newsprint paper 123,607; wrapping
paper 7,202."
The province now has seven fac
tories producing goundwood and chem
ical pulp and newsprint. The entire
output of cne of these plants goes to
Japan. The annual export of Australia
is 20,000 tons.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Oct. 19.—With
the world clamoring for print paper,
British Columbia promises to become
one of the great centers for the manu
facture of this product. Then years
ago, not a ton of pulp was manufactur
ed in the province. The total value
of pulp-wood products in 1919 was
$12,554,257. In money invested in
pulp factories British Columbia with
$50,000,000 ranks third among the pro
vinces of Canada.
"Great Britain and the United States
are drawing the greater part of their
paper supplies from Canada," says a
raport of the British Columbia gov
ernment. "With a world scarcity of
paper, capitalists are turning their
eyes to British Columbia which has
the largest stands of timber in the
world for the manufacture of pulp and
paper.
"Of the 360,370,000 cords of pulp
wood estimated to exist in the forests
of western Canada, British Columbia
has 285,370,000. British Columbia
timber yields the greatest average of
pulp to a cord. This average, under
the mechanical process, is 2,485
pounds.
"British Columbia is producing
enough newsprint to supply all Canada
where the annual consumption is 120,-
000 tons. The output of all kinds of
pulp and paper in the province last
year was: Sluphite 80,047 tons; sul
phate 9,437; ground wood 99,769;
newsprint paper 123,607; wrapping
paper 7,202."
The province now has seven fac
tories producing goundwood and chem
ical pulp and newsprint. The entire
output of cne of these plants goes to
Japan. The annual export of Australia
is 20,000 tons.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Oct. 19.—With
the world clamoring for print paper,
British Columbia promises to become
one of the great centers for the manu
facture of this product. Then years
ago, not a ton of pulp was manufactur
ed in the province. The total value
of pulp-wood products in 1919 was
$12,554,257. In money invested in
pulp factories British Columbia with
$50,000,000 ranks third among the pro
vinces of Canada.
"Great Britain and the United States
are drawing the greater part of their
paper supplies from Canada," says a
raport of the British Columbia gov
ernment. "With a world scarcity of
paper, capitalists are turning their
eyes to British Columbia which has
the largest stands of timber in the
world for the manufacture of pulp and
paper.
"Of the 360,370,000 cords of pulp
wood estimated to exist in the forests
of western Canada, British Columbia
has 285,370,000. British Columbia
timber yields the greatest average of
pulp to a cord. This average, under
the mechanical process, is 2,485
pounds.
"British Columbia is producing
enough newsprint to supply all Canada
where the annual consumption is 120,-
000 tons. The output of all kinds of
pulp and paper in the province last
year was: Sluphite 80,047 tons; sul
phate 9,437; ground wood 99,769;
newsprint paper 123,607; wrapping
paper 7,202."
The province now has seven fac
tories producing goundwood and chem
ical pulp and newsprint. The entire
output of cne of these plants goes to
Japan. The annual export of Australia
is 20,000 tons.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Oct. 19.—With
the world clamoring for print paper,
British Columbia promises to become
one of the great centers for the manu
facture of this product. Then years
ago, not a ton of pulp was manufactur
ed in the province. The total value
of pulp-wood products in 1919 was
$12,554,257. In money invested in
pulp factories British Columbia with
$50,000,000 ranks third among the pro
vinces of Canada.
"Great Britain and the United States
are drawing the greater part of their
paper supplies from Canada," says a
raport of the British Columbia gov
ernment. "With a world scarcity of
paper, capitalists are turning their
eyes to British Columbia which has
the largest stands of timber in the
world for the manufacture of pulp and
paper.
"Of the 360,370,000 cords of pulp
wood estimated to exist in the forests
of western Canada, British Columbia
has 285,370,000. British Columbia
timber yields the greatest average of
pulp to a cord. This average, under
the mechanical process, is 2,485
pounds.
"British Columbia is producing
enough newsprint to supply all Canada
where the annual consumption is 120,-
000 tons. The output of all kinds of
pulp and paper in the province last
year was: Sluphite 80,047 tons; sul
phate 9,437; ground wood 99,769;
newsprint paper 123,607; wrapping
paper 7,202."
The province now has seven fac
tories producing goundwood and chem
ical pulp and newsprint. The entire
output of cne of these plants goes to
Japan. The annual export of Australia
is 20,000 tons.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Oct. 19.—With
the world clamoring for print paper,
British Columbia promises to become
one of the great centers for the manu
facture of this product. Then years
ago, not a ton of pulp was manufactur
ed in the province. The total value
of pulp-wood products in 1919 was
$12,554,257. In money invested in
pulp factories British Columbia with
$50,000,000 ranks third among the pro
vinces of Canada.
"Great Britain and the United States
are drawing the greater part of their
paper supplies from Canada," says a
raport of the British Columbia gov
ernment. "With a world scarcity of
paper, capitalists are turning their
eyes to British Columbia which has
the largest stands of timber in the
world for the manufacture of pulp and
paper.
"Of the 360,370,000 cords of pulp
wood estimated to exist in the forests
of western Canada, British Columbia
has 285,370,000. British Columbia
timber yields the greatest average of
pulp to a cord. This average, under
the mechanical process, is 2,485
pounds.
"British Columbia is producing
enough newsprint to supply all Canada
where the annual consumption is 120,-
000 tons. The output of all kinds of
pulp and paper in the province last
year was: Sluphite 80,047 tons; sul
phate 9,437; ground wood 99,769;
newsprint paper 123,607; wrapping
paper 7,202."
The province now has seven fac
tories producing goundwood and chem
ical pulp and newsprint. The entire
output of cne of these plants goes to
Japan. The annual export of Australia
is 20,000 tons.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Oct. 19.—With
the world clamoring for print paper,
British Columbia promises to become
one of the great centers for the manu
facture of this product. Then years
ago, not a ton of pulp was manufactur
ed in the province. The total value
of pulp-wood products in 1919 was
$12,554,257. In money invested in
pulp factories British Columbia with
$50,000,000 ranks third among the pro
vinces of Canada.
"Great Britain and the United States
are drawing the greater part of their
paper supplies from Canada," says a
raport of the British Columbia gov
ernment. "With a world scarcity of
paper, capitalists are turning their
eyes to British Columbia which has
the largest stands of timber in the
world for the manufacture of pulp and
paper.
"Of the 360,370,000 cords of pulp
wood estimated to exist in the forests
of western Canada, British Columbia
has 285,370,000. British Columbia
timber yields the greatest average of
pulp to a cord. This average, under
the mechanical process, is 2,485
pounds.
"British Columbia is producing
enough newsprint to supply all Canada
where the annual consumption is 120,-
000 tons. The output of all kinds of
pulp and paper in the province last
year was: Sluphite 80,047 tons; sul
phate 9,437; ground wood 99,769;
newsprint paper 123,607; wrapping
paper 7,202."
The province now has seven fac
tories producing goundwood and chem
ical pulp and newsprint. The entire
output of cne of these plants goes to
Japan. The annual export of Australia
is 20,000 tons.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Oct. 19.—With
the world clamoring for print paper,
British Columbia promises to become
one of the great centers for the manu
facture of this product. Then years
ago, not a ton of pulp was manufactur
ed in the province. The total value
of pulp-wood products in 1919 was
$12,554,257. In money invested in
pulp factories British Columbia with
$50,000,000 ranks third among the pro
vinces of Canada.
"Great Britain and the United States
are drawing the greater part of their
paper supplies from Canada," says a
raport of the British Columbia gov
ernment. "With a world scarcity of
paper, capitalists are turning their
eyes to British Columbia which has
the largest stands of timber in the
world for the manufacture of pulp and
paper.
"Of the 360,370,000 cords of pulp
wood estimated to exist in the forests
of western Canada, British Columbia
has 285,370,000. British Columbia
timber yields the greatest average of
pulp to a cord. This average, under
the mechanical process, is 2,485
pounds.
"British Columbia is producing
enough newsprint to supply all Canada
where the annual consumption is 120,-
000 tons. The output of all kinds of
pulp and paper in the province last
year was: Sluphite 80,047 tons; sul
phate 9,437; ground wood 99,769;
newsprint paper 123,607; wrapping
paper 7,202."
The province now has seven fac
tories producing goundwood and chem
ical pulp and newsprint. The entire
output of cne of these plants goes to
Japan. The annual export of Australia
is 20,000 tons.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Oct. 19.—With
the world clamoring for print paper,
British Columbia promises to become
one of the great centers for the manu
facture of this product. Then years
ago, not a ton of pulp was manufactur
ed in the province. The total value
of pulp-wood products in 1919 was
$12,554,257. In money invested in
pulp factories British Columbia with
$50,000,000 ranks third among the pro
vinces of Canada.
"Great Britain and the United States
are drawing the greater part of their
paper supplies from Canada," says a
raport of the British Columbia gov
ernment. "With a world scarcity of
paper, capitalists are turning their
eyes to British Columbia which has
the largest stands of timber in the
world for the manufacture of pulp and
paper.
"Of the 360,370,000 cords of pulp
wood estimated to exist in the forests
of western Canada, British Columbia
has 285,370,000. British Columbia
timber yields the greatest average of
pulp to a cord. This average, under
the mechanical process, is 2,485
pounds.
"British Columbia is producing
enough newsprint to supply all Canada
where the annual consumption is 120,-
000 tons. The output of all kinds of
pulp and paper in the province last
year was: Sluphite 80,047 tons; sul
phate 9,437; ground wood 99,769;
newsprint paper 123,607; wrapping
paper 7,202."
The province now has seven fac
tories producing goundwood and chem
ical pulp and newsprint. The entire
output of cne of these plants goes to
Japan. The annual export of Australia
is 20,000 tons.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Oct. 19.—With
the world clamoring for print paper,
British Columbia promises to become
one of the great centers for the manu
facture of this product. Then years
ago, not a ton of pulp was manufactur
ed in the province. The total value
of pulp-wood products in 1919 was
$12,554,257. In money invested in
pulp factories British Columbia with
$50,000,000 ranks third among the pro
vinces of Canada.
"Great Britain and the United States
are drawing the greater part of their
paper supplies from Canada," says a
raport of the British Columbia gov
ernment. "With a world scarcity of
paper, capitalists are turning their
eyes to British Columbia which has
the largest stands of timber in the
world for the manufacture of pulp and
paper.
"Of the 360,370,000 cords of pulp
wood estimated to exist in the forests
of western Canada, British Columbia
has 285,370,000. British Columbia
timber yields the greatest average of
pulp to a cord. This average, under
the mechanical process, is 2,485
pounds.
"British Columbia is producing
enough newsprint to supply all Canada
where the annual consumption is 120,-
000 tons. The output of all kinds of
pulp and paper in the province last
year was: Sluphite 80,047 tons; sul
phate 9,437; ground wood 99,769;
newsprint paper 123,607; wrapping
paper 7,202."
The province now has seven fac
tories producing goundwood and chem
ical pulp and newsprint. The entire
output of cne of these plants goes to
Japan. The annual export of Australia
is 20,000 tons.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Oct. 19.—With
the world clamoring for print paper,
British Columbia promises to become
one of the great centers for the manu
facture of this product. Then years
ago, not a ton of pulp was manufactur
ed in the province. The total value
of pulp-wood products in 1919 was
$12,554,257. In money invested in
pulp factories British Columbia with
$50,000,000 ranks third among the pro
vinces of Canada.
"Great Britain and the United States
are drawing the greater part of their
paper supplies from Canada," says a
raport of the British Columbia gov
ernment. "With a world scarcity of
paper, capitalists are turning their
eyes to British Columbia which has
the largest stands of timber in the
world for the manufacture of pulp and
paper.
"Of the 360,370,000 cords of pulp
wood estimated to exist in the forests
of western Canada, British Columbia
has 285,370,000. British Columbia
timber yields the greatest average of
pulp to a cord. This average, under
the mechanical process, is 2,485
pounds.
"British Columbia is producing
enough newsprint to supply all Canada
where the annual consumption is 120,-
000 tons. The output of all kinds of
pulp and paper in the province last
year was: Sluphite 80,047 tons; sul
phate 9,437; ground wood 99,769;
newsprint paper 123,607; wrapping
paper 7,202."
The province now has seven fac
tories producing goundwood and chem
ical pulp and newsprint. The entire
output of cne of these plants goes to
Japan. The annual export of Australia
is 20,000 tons.
