# Adv. 5 Page 2
## 
### 
Dottie says:
'They're Studding
Blouses!"
"Suit" the blouse to the
occasion—
:Quad and street:
Studded handkerchief
linens—gay colors
:Teas and partying:
Delicate frilly silks
THE CLOTHES CLOSET
Dottie says:
'They're Studding
Blouses!"
"Suit" the blouse to the
occasion—
:Quad and street:
Studded handkerchief
linens—gay colors
:Teas and partying:
Delicate frilly silks
THE CLOTHES CLOSET
Dottie says:
'They're Studding
Blouses!"
"Suit" the blouse to the
occasion—
:Quad and street:
Studded handkerchief
linens—gay colors
:Teas and partying:
Delicate frilly silks
THE CLOTHES CLOSET
Dottie says:
'They're Studding
Blouses!"
"Suit" the blouse to the
occasion—
:Quad and street:
Studded handkerchief
linens—gay colors
:Teas and partying:
Delicate frilly silks
THE CLOTHES CLOSET
Dottie says:
'They're Studding
Blouses!"
"Suit" the blouse to the
occasion—
:Quad and street:
Studded handkerchief
linens—gay colors
:Teas and partying:
Delicate frilly silks
THE CLOTHES CLOSET
Dottie says:
'They're Studding
Blouses!"
"Suit" the blouse to the
occasion—
:Quad and street:
Studded handkerchief
linens—gay colors
:Teas and partying:
Delicate frilly silks
THE CLOTHES CLOSET
Dottie says:
'They're Studding
Blouses!"
"Suit" the blouse to the
occasion—
:Quad and street:
Studded handkerchief
linens—gay colors
:Teas and partying:
Delicate frilly silks
THE CLOTHES CLOSET
Dottie says:
'They're Studding
Blouses!"
"Suit" the blouse to the
occasion—
:Quad and street:
Studded handkerchief
linens—gay colors
:Teas and partying:
Delicate frilly silks
THE CLOTHES CLOSET
Dottie says:
'They're Studding
Blouses!"
"Suit" the blouse to the
occasion—
:Quad and street:
Studded handkerchief
linens—gay colors
:Teas and partying:
Delicate frilly silks
THE CLOTHES CLOSET
Dottie says:
'They're Studding
Blouses!"
"Suit" the blouse to the
occasion—
:Quad and street:
Studded handkerchief
linens—gay colors
:Teas and partying:
Delicate frilly silks
THE CLOTHES CLOSET
Dottie says:
'They're Studding
Blouses!"
"Suit" the blouse to the
occasion—
:Quad and street:
Studded handkerchief
linens—gay colors
:Teas and partying:
Delicate frilly silks
THE CLOTHES CLOSET
Dottie says:
'They're Studding
Blouses!"
"Suit" the blouse to the
occasion—
:Quad and street:
Studded handkerchief
linens—gay colors
:Teas and partying:
Delicate frilly silks
THE CLOTHES CLOSET
Dottie says:
'They're Studding
Blouses!"
"Suit" the blouse to the
occasion—
:Quad and street:
Studded handkerchief
linens—gay colors
:Teas and partying:
Delicate frilly silks
THE CLOTHES CLOSET
Dottie says:
'They're Studding
Blouses!"
"Suit" the blouse to the
occasion—
:Quad and street:
Studded handkerchief
linens—gay colors
:Teas and partying:
Delicate frilly silks
THE CLOTHES CLOSET
Dottie says:
'They're Studding
Blouses!"
"Suit" the blouse to the
occasion—
:Quad and street:
Studded handkerchief
linens—gay colors
:Teas and partying:
Delicate frilly silks
THE CLOTHES CLOSET
Dottie says:
'They're Studding
Blouses!"
"Suit" the blouse to the
occasion—
:Quad and street:
Studded handkerchief
linens—gay colors
:Teas and partying:
Delicate frilly silks
THE CLOTHES CLOSET
