# Kansas-Stanford Debate Delayed
## 
### 
Delayed through a misunder
standing, Kansas University debat
er." failed to arrive on the campus
until' last night to team with Need
ham Ralph Cies of Stanford on
the question, "Resolved, that Con
gress should be permitted by a two
thirds majority vote to over-ride any
decision of the Supreme Court de
claring an adt of Congress uncon
stitutional."
Originally scheduled to take place
yesterday afternoon, the non-deci
sion debate was held last night be
fore a small crowd of debaters.
Representing Kansas were Lyman
Field and James Phillips, who, with
their colleague, William Zupenac,
are touring the country. On their
trip they have debated against Okla
homa, Arizona, RedlancLs, U.S.C.,
and U.C.L.A. While in the Bay Re
gion they will also encounter Uni
versity of California debaters.
Delayed through a misunder
standing, Kansas University debat
er." failed to arrive on the campus
until' last night to team with Need
ham Ralph Cies of Stanford on
the question, "Resolved, that Con
gress should be permitted by a two
thirds majority vote to over-ride any
decision of the Supreme Court de
claring an adt of Congress uncon
stitutional."
Originally scheduled to take place
yesterday afternoon, the non-deci
sion debate was held last night be
fore a small crowd of debaters.
Representing Kansas were Lyman
Field and James Phillips, who, with
their colleague, William Zupenac,
are touring the country. On their
trip they have debated against Okla
homa, Arizona, RedlancLs, U.S.C.,
and U.C.L.A. While in the Bay Re
gion they will also encounter Uni
versity of California debaters.
Delayed through a misunder
standing, Kansas University debat
er." failed to arrive on the campus
until' last night to team with Need
ham Ralph Cies of Stanford on
the question, "Resolved, that Con
gress should be permitted by a two
thirds majority vote to over-ride any
decision of the Supreme Court de
claring an adt of Congress uncon
stitutional."
Originally scheduled to take place
yesterday afternoon, the non-deci
sion debate was held last night be
fore a small crowd of debaters.
Representing Kansas were Lyman
Field and James Phillips, who, with
their colleague, William Zupenac,
are touring the country. On their
trip they have debated against Okla
homa, Arizona, RedlancLs, U.S.C.,
and U.C.L.A. While in the Bay Re
gion they will also encounter Uni
versity of California debaters.
Delayed through a misunder
standing, Kansas University debat
er." failed to arrive on the campus
until' last night to team with Need
ham Ralph Cies of Stanford on
the question, "Resolved, that Con
gress should be permitted by a two
thirds majority vote to over-ride any
decision of the Supreme Court de
claring an adt of Congress uncon
stitutional."
Originally scheduled to take place
yesterday afternoon, the non-deci
sion debate was held last night be
fore a small crowd of debaters.
Representing Kansas were Lyman
Field and James Phillips, who, with
their colleague, William Zupenac,
are touring the country. On their
trip they have debated against Okla
homa, Arizona, RedlancLs, U.S.C.,
and U.C.L.A. While in the Bay Re
gion they will also encounter Uni
versity of California debaters.
Delayed through a misunder
standing, Kansas University debat
er." failed to arrive on the campus
until' last night to team with Need
ham Ralph Cies of Stanford on
the question, "Resolved, that Con
gress should be permitted by a two
thirds majority vote to over-ride any
decision of the Supreme Court de
claring an adt of Congress uncon
stitutional."
Originally scheduled to take place
yesterday afternoon, the non-deci
sion debate was held last night be
fore a small crowd of debaters.
Representing Kansas were Lyman
Field and James Phillips, who, with
their colleague, William Zupenac,
are touring the country. On their
trip they have debated against Okla
homa, Arizona, RedlancLs, U.S.C.,
and U.C.L.A. While in the Bay Re
gion they will also encounter Uni
versity of California debaters.
Delayed through a misunder
standing, Kansas University debat
er." failed to arrive on the campus
until' last night to team with Need
ham Ralph Cies of Stanford on
the question, "Resolved, that Con
gress should be permitted by a two
thirds majority vote to over-ride any
decision of the Supreme Court de
claring an adt of Congress uncon
stitutional."
Originally scheduled to take place
yesterday afternoon, the non-deci
sion debate was held last night be
fore a small crowd of debaters.
Representing Kansas were Lyman
Field and James Phillips, who, with
their colleague, William Zupenac,
are touring the country. On their
trip they have debated against Okla
homa, Arizona, RedlancLs, U.S.C.,
and U.C.L.A. While in the Bay Re
gion they will also encounter Uni
versity of California debaters.
Delayed through a misunder
standing, Kansas University debat
er." failed to arrive on the campus
until' last night to team with Need
ham Ralph Cies of Stanford on
the question, "Resolved, that Con
gress should be permitted by a two
thirds majority vote to over-ride any
decision of the Supreme Court de
claring an adt of Congress uncon
stitutional."
Originally scheduled to take place
yesterday afternoon, the non-deci
sion debate was held last night be
fore a small crowd of debaters.
Representing Kansas were Lyman
Field and James Phillips, who, with
their colleague, William Zupenac,
are touring the country. On their
trip they have debated against Okla
homa, Arizona, RedlancLs, U.S.C.,
and U.C.L.A. While in the Bay Re
gion they will also encounter Uni
versity of California debaters.
Delayed through a misunder
standing, Kansas University debat
er." failed to arrive on the campus
until' last night to team with Need
ham Ralph Cies of Stanford on
the question, "Resolved, that Con
gress should be permitted by a two
thirds majority vote to over-ride any
decision of the Supreme Court de
claring an adt of Congress uncon
stitutional."
Originally scheduled to take place
yesterday afternoon, the non-deci
sion debate was held last night be
fore a small crowd of debaters.
Representing Kansas were Lyman
Field and James Phillips, who, with
their colleague, William Zupenac,
are touring the country. On their
trip they have debated against Okla
homa, Arizona, RedlancLs, U.S.C.,
and U.C.L.A. While in the Bay Re
gion they will also encounter Uni
versity of California debaters.
Delayed through a misunder
standing, Kansas University debat
er." failed to arrive on the campus
until' last night to team with Need
ham Ralph Cies of Stanford on
the question, "Resolved, that Con
gress should be permitted by a two
thirds majority vote to over-ride any
decision of the Supreme Court de
claring an adt of Congress uncon
stitutional."
Originally scheduled to take place
yesterday afternoon, the non-deci
sion debate was held last night be
fore a small crowd of debaters.
Representing Kansas were Lyman
Field and James Phillips, who, with
their colleague, William Zupenac,
are touring the country. On their
trip they have debated against Okla
homa, Arizona, RedlancLs, U.S.C.,
and U.C.L.A. While in the Bay Re
gion they will also encounter Uni
versity of California debaters.
Delayed through a misunder
standing, Kansas University debat
er." failed to arrive on the campus
until' last night to team with Need
ham Ralph Cies of Stanford on
the question, "Resolved, that Con
gress should be permitted by a two
thirds majority vote to over-ride any
decision of the Supreme Court de
claring an adt of Congress uncon
stitutional."
Originally scheduled to take place
yesterday afternoon, the non-deci
sion debate was held last night be
fore a small crowd of debaters.
Representing Kansas were Lyman
Field and James Phillips, who, with
their colleague, William Zupenac,
are touring the country. On their
trip they have debated against Okla
homa, Arizona, RedlancLs, U.S.C.,
and U.C.L.A. While in the Bay Re
gion they will also encounter Uni
versity of California debaters.
Delayed through a misunder
standing, Kansas University debat
er." failed to arrive on the campus
until' last night to team with Need
ham Ralph Cies of Stanford on
the question, "Resolved, that Con
gress should be permitted by a two
thirds majority vote to over-ride any
decision of the Supreme Court de
claring an adt of Congress uncon
stitutional."
Originally scheduled to take place
yesterday afternoon, the non-deci
sion debate was held last night be
fore a small crowd of debaters.
Representing Kansas were Lyman
Field and James Phillips, who, with
their colleague, William Zupenac,
are touring the country. On their
trip they have debated against Okla
homa, Arizona, RedlancLs, U.S.C.,
and U.C.L.A. While in the Bay Re
gion they will also encounter Uni
versity of California debaters.
Delayed through a misunder
standing, Kansas University debat
er." failed to arrive on the campus
until' last night to team with Need
ham Ralph Cies of Stanford on
the question, "Resolved, that Con
gress should be permitted by a two
thirds majority vote to over-ride any
decision of the Supreme Court de
claring an adt of Congress uncon
stitutional."
Originally scheduled to take place
yesterday afternoon, the non-deci
sion debate was held last night be
fore a small crowd of debaters.
Representing Kansas were Lyman
Field and James Phillips, who, with
their colleague, William Zupenac,
are touring the country. On their
trip they have debated against Okla
homa, Arizona, RedlancLs, U.S.C.,
and U.C.L.A. While in the Bay Re
gion they will also encounter Uni
versity of California debaters.
Delayed through a misunder
standing, Kansas University debat
er." failed to arrive on the campus
until' last night to team with Need
ham Ralph Cies of Stanford on
the question, "Resolved, that Con
gress should be permitted by a two
thirds majority vote to over-ride any
decision of the Supreme Court de
claring an adt of Congress uncon
stitutional."
Originally scheduled to take place
yesterday afternoon, the non-deci
sion debate was held last night be
fore a small crowd of debaters.
Representing Kansas were Lyman
Field and James Phillips, who, with
their colleague, William Zupenac,
are touring the country. On their
trip they have debated against Okla
homa, Arizona, RedlancLs, U.S.C.,
and U.C.L.A. While in the Bay Re
gion they will also encounter Uni
versity of California debaters.
Delayed through a misunder
standing, Kansas University debat
er." failed to arrive on the campus
until' last night to team with Need
ham Ralph Cies of Stanford on
the question, "Resolved, that Con
gress should be permitted by a two
thirds majority vote to over-ride any
decision of the Supreme Court de
claring an adt of Congress uncon
stitutional."
Originally scheduled to take place
yesterday afternoon, the non-deci
sion debate was held last night be
fore a small crowd of debaters.
Representing Kansas were Lyman
Field and James Phillips, who, with
their colleague, William Zupenac,
are touring the country. On their
trip they have debated against Okla
homa, Arizona, RedlancLs, U.S.C.,
and U.C.L.A. While in the Bay Re
gion they will also encounter Uni
versity of California debaters.
Delayed through a misunder
standing, Kansas University debat
er." failed to arrive on the campus
until' last night to team with Need
ham Ralph Cies of Stanford on
the question, "Resolved, that Con
gress should be permitted by a two
thirds majority vote to over-ride any
decision of the Supreme Court de
claring an adt of Congress uncon
stitutional."
Originally scheduled to take place
yesterday afternoon, the non-deci
sion debate was held last night be
fore a small crowd of debaters.
Representing Kansas were Lyman
Field and James Phillips, who, with
their colleague, William Zupenac,
are touring the country. On their
trip they have debated against Okla
homa, Arizona, RedlancLs, U.S.C.,
and U.C.L.A. While in the Bay Re
gion they will also encounter Uni
versity of California debaters.
Delayed through a misunder
standing, Kansas University debat
er." failed to arrive on the campus
until' last night to team with Need
ham Ralph Cies of Stanford on
the question, "Resolved, that Con
gress should be permitted by a two
thirds majority vote to over-ride any
decision of the Supreme Court de
claring an adt of Congress uncon
stitutional."
Originally scheduled to take place
yesterday afternoon, the non-deci
sion debate was held last night be
fore a small crowd of debaters.
Representing Kansas were Lyman
Field and James Phillips, who, with
their colleague, William Zupenac,
are touring the country. On their
trip they have debated against Okla
homa, Arizona, RedlancLs, U.S.C.,
and U.C.L.A. While in the Bay Re
gion they will also encounter Uni
versity of California debaters.
