# Dings
## 
### 

808 GROS REFUSES to ap
propriate $150 to the debate
team for a trip to Vancouver
unless more debates are
scheduled on the tour.

808 GROS REFUSES to ap
propriate $150 to the debate
team for a trip to Vancouver
unless more debates are
scheduled on the tour.

808 GROS REFUSES to ap
propriate $150 to the debate
team for a trip to Vancouver
unless more debates are
scheduled on the tour.

808 GROS REFUSES to ap
propriate $150 to the debate
team for a trip to Vancouver
unless more debates are
scheduled on the tour.

808 GROS REFUSES to ap
propriate $150 to the debate
team for a trip to Vancouver
unless more debates are
scheduled on the tour.

808 GROS REFUSES to ap
propriate $150 to the debate
team for a trip to Vancouver
unless more debates are
scheduled on the tour.

808 GROS REFUSES to ap
propriate $150 to the debate
team for a trip to Vancouver
unless more debates are
scheduled on the tour.

808 GROS REFUSES to ap
propriate $150 to the debate
team for a trip to Vancouver
unless more debates are
scheduled on the tour.

808 GROS REFUSES to ap
propriate $150 to the debate
team for a trip to Vancouver
unless more debates are
scheduled on the tour.

808 GROS REFUSES to ap
propriate $150 to the debate
team for a trip to Vancouver
unless more debates are
scheduled on the tour.

808 GROS REFUSES to ap
propriate $150 to the debate
team for a trip to Vancouver
unless more debates are
scheduled on the tour.

808 GROS REFUSES to ap
propriate $150 to the debate
team for a trip to Vancouver
unless more debates are
scheduled on the tour.

808 GROS REFUSES to ap
propriate $150 to the debate
team for a trip to Vancouver
unless more debates are
scheduled on the tour.

808 GROS REFUSES to ap
propriate $150 to the debate
team for a trip to Vancouver
unless more debates are
scheduled on the tour.

808 GROS REFUSES to ap
propriate $150 to the debate
team for a trip to Vancouver
unless more debates are
scheduled on the tour.

808 GROS REFUSES to ap
propriate $150 to the debate
team for a trip to Vancouver
unless more debates are
scheduled on the tour.
