# Papoose Squad Defeats U.C. Frosh, 37-28
## Zonne Plays Outstanding Game for Indians 
### Roger Kimball 
They came through when the pres
sure was on. Staving off a Bear
threat in the closing minutes, the
Indian frosh basketball team
trounced (he California Cubs, 37 to
28 last night in the Pavilion.
Stanford's first edge was cut to 14-
12 at the half, as Garrison and
Chalmers scored tip-ins for the
Bears. Phil Zonne was the only
Papoose with an eye for the basket
in the first half.
The second period told a dif
ferent story. Garrctson and
Goldenson, Cub guards, gave the
visitors a lead at 22-20. but it
was short-lived. Then Zonne and
Jack Kesscl, diminutive forward,
swung into action.
One of Kessel's set-ups gave the
Indian babes a 23-22 lead, and then
Zonne cinched the game, and drew
cheers from the crowd of several
hundred by tossing two beautiful,
turning, one-handed shots with his
back to the hoop.
Zonne kept his average at par by
scoring 17 points for his usual hon
ors. Kessel rang up nine, and Neely
seven.
They came through when the pres
sure was on. Staving off a Bear
threat in the closing minutes, the
Indian frosh basketball team
trounced (he California Cubs, 37 to
28 last night in the Pavilion.
Stanford's first edge was cut to 14-
12 at the half, as Garrison and
Chalmers scored tip-ins for the
Bears. Phil Zonne was the only
Papoose with an eye for the basket
in the first half.
The second period told a dif
ferent story. Garrctson and
Goldenson, Cub guards, gave the
visitors a lead at 22-20. but it
was short-lived. Then Zonne and
Jack Kesscl, diminutive forward,
swung into action.
One of Kessel's set-ups gave the
Indian babes a 23-22 lead, and then
Zonne cinched the game, and drew
cheers from the crowd of several
hundred by tossing two beautiful,
turning, one-handed shots with his
back to the hoop.
Zonne kept his average at par by
scoring 17 points for his usual hon
ors. Kessel rang up nine, and Neely
seven.
They came through when the pres
sure was on. Staving off a Bear
threat in the closing minutes, the
Indian frosh basketball team
trounced (he California Cubs, 37 to
28 last night in the Pavilion.
Stanford's first edge was cut to 14-
12 at the half, as Garrison and
Chalmers scored tip-ins for the
Bears. Phil Zonne was the only
Papoose with an eye for the basket
in the first half.
The second period told a dif
ferent story. Garrctson and
Goldenson, Cub guards, gave the
visitors a lead at 22-20. but it
was short-lived. Then Zonne and
Jack Kesscl, diminutive forward,
swung into action.
One of Kessel's set-ups gave the
Indian babes a 23-22 lead, and then
Zonne cinched the game, and drew
cheers from the crowd of several
hundred by tossing two beautiful,
turning, one-handed shots with his
back to the hoop.
Zonne kept his average at par by
scoring 17 points for his usual hon
ors. Kessel rang up nine, and Neely
seven.
They came through when the pres
sure was on. Staving off a Bear
threat in the closing minutes, the
Indian frosh basketball team
trounced (he California Cubs, 37 to
28 last night in the Pavilion.
Stanford's first edge was cut to 14-
12 at the half, as Garrison and
Chalmers scored tip-ins for the
Bears. Phil Zonne was the only
Papoose with an eye for the basket
in the first half.
The second period told a dif
ferent story. Garrctson and
Goldenson, Cub guards, gave the
visitors a lead at 22-20. but it
was short-lived. Then Zonne and
Jack Kesscl, diminutive forward,
swung into action.
One of Kessel's set-ups gave the
Indian babes a 23-22 lead, and then
Zonne cinched the game, and drew
cheers from the crowd of several
hundred by tossing two beautiful,
turning, one-handed shots with his
back to the hoop.
Zonne kept his average at par by
scoring 17 points for his usual hon
ors. Kessel rang up nine, and Neely
seven.
They came through when the pres
sure was on. Staving off a Bear
threat in the closing minutes, the
Indian frosh basketball team
trounced (he California Cubs, 37 to
28 last night in the Pavilion.
Stanford's first edge was cut to 14-
12 at the half, as Garrison and
Chalmers scored tip-ins for the
Bears. Phil Zonne was the only
Papoose with an eye for the basket
in the first half.
The second period told a dif
ferent story. Garrctson and
Goldenson, Cub guards, gave the
visitors a lead at 22-20. but it
was short-lived. Then Zonne and
Jack Kesscl, diminutive forward,
swung into action.
One of Kessel's set-ups gave the
Indian babes a 23-22 lead, and then
Zonne cinched the game, and drew
cheers from the crowd of several
hundred by tossing two beautiful,
turning, one-handed shots with his
back to the hoop.
Zonne kept his average at par by
scoring 17 points for his usual hon
ors. Kessel rang up nine, and Neely
seven.
They came through when the pres
sure was on. Staving off a Bear
threat in the closing minutes, the
Indian frosh basketball team
trounced (he California Cubs, 37 to
28 last night in the Pavilion.
Stanford's first edge was cut to 14-
12 at the half, as Garrison and
Chalmers scored tip-ins for the
Bears. Phil Zonne was the only
Papoose with an eye for the basket
in the first half.
The second period told a dif
ferent story. Garrctson and
Goldenson, Cub guards, gave the
visitors a lead at 22-20. but it
was short-lived. Then Zonne and
Jack Kesscl, diminutive forward,
swung into action.
One of Kessel's set-ups gave the
Indian babes a 23-22 lead, and then
Zonne cinched the game, and drew
cheers from the crowd of several
hundred by tossing two beautiful,
turning, one-handed shots with his
back to the hoop.
Zonne kept his average at par by
scoring 17 points for his usual hon
ors. Kessel rang up nine, and Neely
seven.
They came through when the pres
sure was on. Staving off a Bear
threat in the closing minutes, the
Indian frosh basketball team
trounced (he California Cubs, 37 to
28 last night in the Pavilion.
Stanford's first edge was cut to 14-
12 at the half, as Garrison and
Chalmers scored tip-ins for the
Bears. Phil Zonne was the only
Papoose with an eye for the basket
in the first half.
The second period told a dif
ferent story. Garrctson and
Goldenson, Cub guards, gave the
visitors a lead at 22-20. but it
was short-lived. Then Zonne and
Jack Kesscl, diminutive forward,
swung into action.
One of Kessel's set-ups gave the
Indian babes a 23-22 lead, and then
Zonne cinched the game, and drew
cheers from the crowd of several
hundred by tossing two beautiful,
turning, one-handed shots with his
back to the hoop.
Zonne kept his average at par by
scoring 17 points for his usual hon
ors. Kessel rang up nine, and Neely
seven.
They came through when the pres
sure was on. Staving off a Bear
threat in the closing minutes, the
Indian frosh basketball team
trounced (he California Cubs, 37 to
28 last night in the Pavilion.
Stanford's first edge was cut to 14-
12 at the half, as Garrison and
Chalmers scored tip-ins for the
Bears. Phil Zonne was the only
Papoose with an eye for the basket
in the first half.
The second period told a dif
ferent story. Garrctson and
Goldenson, Cub guards, gave the
visitors a lead at 22-20. but it
was short-lived. Then Zonne and
Jack Kesscl, diminutive forward,
swung into action.
One of Kessel's set-ups gave the
Indian babes a 23-22 lead, and then
Zonne cinched the game, and drew
cheers from the crowd of several
hundred by tossing two beautiful,
turning, one-handed shots with his
back to the hoop.
Zonne kept his average at par by
scoring 17 points for his usual hon
ors. Kessel rang up nine, and Neely
seven.
They came through when the pres
sure was on. Staving off a Bear
threat in the closing minutes, the
Indian frosh basketball team
trounced (he California Cubs, 37 to
28 last night in the Pavilion.
Stanford's first edge was cut to 14-
12 at the half, as Garrison and
Chalmers scored tip-ins for the
Bears. Phil Zonne was the only
Papoose with an eye for the basket
in the first half.
The second period told a dif
ferent story. Garrctson and
Goldenson, Cub guards, gave the
visitors a lead at 22-20. but it
was short-lived. Then Zonne and
Jack Kesscl, diminutive forward,
swung into action.
One of Kessel's set-ups gave the
Indian babes a 23-22 lead, and then
Zonne cinched the game, and drew
cheers from the crowd of several
hundred by tossing two beautiful,
turning, one-handed shots with his
back to the hoop.
Zonne kept his average at par by
scoring 17 points for his usual hon
ors. Kessel rang up nine, and Neely
seven.
They came through when the pres
sure was on. Staving off a Bear
threat in the closing minutes, the
Indian frosh basketball team
trounced (he California Cubs, 37 to
28 last night in the Pavilion.
Stanford's first edge was cut to 14-
12 at the half, as Garrison and
Chalmers scored tip-ins for the
Bears. Phil Zonne was the only
Papoose with an eye for the basket
in the first half.
The second period told a dif
ferent story. Garrctson and
Goldenson, Cub guards, gave the
visitors a lead at 22-20. but it
was short-lived. Then Zonne and
Jack Kesscl, diminutive forward,
swung into action.
One of Kessel's set-ups gave the
Indian babes a 23-22 lead, and then
Zonne cinched the game, and drew
cheers from the crowd of several
hundred by tossing two beautiful,
turning, one-handed shots with his
back to the hoop.
Zonne kept his average at par by
scoring 17 points for his usual hon
ors. Kessel rang up nine, and Neely
seven.
They came through when the pres
sure was on. Staving off a Bear
threat in the closing minutes, the
Indian frosh basketball team
trounced (he California Cubs, 37 to
28 last night in the Pavilion.
Stanford's first edge was cut to 14-
12 at the half, as Garrison and
Chalmers scored tip-ins for the
Bears. Phil Zonne was the only
Papoose with an eye for the basket
in the first half.
The second period told a dif
ferent story. Garrctson and
Goldenson, Cub guards, gave the
visitors a lead at 22-20. but it
was short-lived. Then Zonne and
Jack Kesscl, diminutive forward,
swung into action.
One of Kessel's set-ups gave the
Indian babes a 23-22 lead, and then
Zonne cinched the game, and drew
cheers from the crowd of several
hundred by tossing two beautiful,
turning, one-handed shots with his
back to the hoop.
Zonne kept his average at par by
scoring 17 points for his usual hon
ors. Kessel rang up nine, and Neely
seven.
They came through when the pres
sure was on. Staving off a Bear
threat in the closing minutes, the
Indian frosh basketball team
trounced (he California Cubs, 37 to
28 last night in the Pavilion.
Stanford's first edge was cut to 14-
12 at the half, as Garrison and
Chalmers scored tip-ins for the
Bears. Phil Zonne was the only
Papoose with an eye for the basket
in the first half.
The second period told a dif
ferent story. Garrctson and
Goldenson, Cub guards, gave the
visitors a lead at 22-20. but it
was short-lived. Then Zonne and
Jack Kesscl, diminutive forward,
swung into action.
One of Kessel's set-ups gave the
Indian babes a 23-22 lead, and then
Zonne cinched the game, and drew
cheers from the crowd of several
hundred by tossing two beautiful,
turning, one-handed shots with his
back to the hoop.
Zonne kept his average at par by
scoring 17 points for his usual hon
ors. Kessel rang up nine, and Neely
seven.
They came through when the pres
sure was on. Staving off a Bear
threat in the closing minutes, the
Indian frosh basketball team
trounced (he California Cubs, 37 to
28 last night in the Pavilion.
Stanford's first edge was cut to 14-
12 at the half, as Garrison and
Chalmers scored tip-ins for the
Bears. Phil Zonne was the only
Papoose with an eye for the basket
in the first half.
The second period told a dif
ferent story. Garrctson and
Goldenson, Cub guards, gave the
visitors a lead at 22-20. but it
was short-lived. Then Zonne and
Jack Kesscl, diminutive forward,
swung into action.
One of Kessel's set-ups gave the
Indian babes a 23-22 lead, and then
Zonne cinched the game, and drew
cheers from the crowd of several
hundred by tossing two beautiful,
turning, one-handed shots with his
back to the hoop.
Zonne kept his average at par by
scoring 17 points for his usual hon
ors. Kessel rang up nine, and Neely
seven.
They came through when the pres
sure was on. Staving off a Bear
threat in the closing minutes, the
Indian frosh basketball team
trounced (he California Cubs, 37 to
28 last night in the Pavilion.
Stanford's first edge was cut to 14-
12 at the half, as Garrison and
Chalmers scored tip-ins for the
Bears. Phil Zonne was the only
Papoose with an eye for the basket
in the first half.
The second period told a dif
ferent story. Garrctson and
Goldenson, Cub guards, gave the
visitors a lead at 22-20. but it
was short-lived. Then Zonne and
Jack Kesscl, diminutive forward,
swung into action.
One of Kessel's set-ups gave the
Indian babes a 23-22 lead, and then
Zonne cinched the game, and drew
cheers from the crowd of several
hundred by tossing two beautiful,
turning, one-handed shots with his
back to the hoop.
Zonne kept his average at par by
scoring 17 points for his usual hon
ors. Kessel rang up nine, and Neely
seven.
They came through when the pres
sure was on. Staving off a Bear
threat in the closing minutes, the
Indian frosh basketball team
trounced (he California Cubs, 37 to
28 last night in the Pavilion.
Stanford's first edge was cut to 14-
12 at the half, as Garrison and
Chalmers scored tip-ins for the
Bears. Phil Zonne was the only
Papoose with an eye for the basket
in the first half.
The second period told a dif
ferent story. Garrctson and
Goldenson, Cub guards, gave the
visitors a lead at 22-20. but it
was short-lived. Then Zonne and
Jack Kesscl, diminutive forward,
swung into action.
One of Kessel's set-ups gave the
Indian babes a 23-22 lead, and then
Zonne cinched the game, and drew
cheers from the crowd of several
hundred by tossing two beautiful,
turning, one-handed shots with his
back to the hoop.
Zonne kept his average at par by
scoring 17 points for his usual hon
ors. Kessel rang up nine, and Neely
seven.
They came through when the pres
sure was on. Staving off a Bear
threat in the closing minutes, the
Indian frosh basketball team
trounced (he California Cubs, 37 to
28 last night in the Pavilion.
Stanford's first edge was cut to 14-
12 at the half, as Garrison and
Chalmers scored tip-ins for the
Bears. Phil Zonne was the only
Papoose with an eye for the basket
in the first half.
The second period told a dif
ferent story. Garrctson and
Goldenson, Cub guards, gave the
visitors a lead at 22-20. but it
was short-lived. Then Zonne and
Jack Kesscl, diminutive forward,
swung into action.
One of Kessel's set-ups gave the
Indian babes a 23-22 lead, and then
Zonne cinched the game, and drew
cheers from the crowd of several
hundred by tossing two beautiful,
turning, one-handed shots with his
back to the hoop.
Zonne kept his average at par by
scoring 17 points for his usual hon
ors. Kessel rang up nine, and Neely
seven.
