# Adv. 14 Page 4
## 
### 
Are you
collar-blind?
DO YOU KNOW what collar
style looks best on you?
Well, we have Arrow shirts
in any number of collar
styles. Come in and we'll
help you choose which style
is most becoming to you.
New Arrow patterned shirts,
' $2.25
uiiD€man'/
NOW PLAYINC
ROSALIND RUSSELL
FRED MACMURRAY
ROBERT BENCHLEY
MACDONALD CAREY
CONSTANCE MOORE
In
'TAKE A LETTER
DARLING"
Plus—
'THE FALCON
TAKES OVER"
with
CEORCE SANDERS
LYNN BARI
JAMES CLEASON
ALLEN JENKINS
HELEN GILBERT
pus
TODAY & FRIDAY
BETTY CRABLE
VICTOR MATURE
JACK OAK IE
In
"SONG OF THE
ISLANDS"
In Technicolor
■—Also—
CLENN FORD
CLAIRE TREVOR
In
"ADVENTURE OF
MARTIN EDEN"
Are you
collar-blind?
DO YOU KNOW what collar
style looks best on you?
Well, we have Arrow shirts
in any number of collar
styles. Come in and we'll
help you choose which style
is most becoming to you.
New Arrow patterned shirts,
' $2.25
uiiD€man'/
NOW PLAYINC
ROSALIND RUSSELL
FRED MACMURRAY
ROBERT BENCHLEY
MACDONALD CAREY
CONSTANCE MOORE
In
'TAKE A LETTER
DARLING"
Plus—
'THE FALCON
TAKES OVER"
with
CEORCE SANDERS
LYNN BARI
JAMES CLEASON
ALLEN JENKINS
HELEN GILBERT
pus
TODAY & FRIDAY
BETTY CRABLE
VICTOR MATURE
JACK OAK IE
In
"SONG OF THE
ISLANDS"
In Technicolor
■—Also—
CLENN FORD
CLAIRE TREVOR
In
"ADVENTURE OF
MARTIN EDEN"
Are you
collar-blind?
DO YOU KNOW what collar
style looks best on you?
Well, we have Arrow shirts
in any number of collar
styles. Come in and we'll
help you choose which style
is most becoming to you.
New Arrow patterned shirts,
' $2.25
uiiD€man'/
NOW PLAYINC
ROSALIND RUSSELL
FRED MACMURRAY
ROBERT BENCHLEY
MACDONALD CAREY
CONSTANCE MOORE
In
'TAKE A LETTER
DARLING"
Plus—
'THE FALCON
TAKES OVER"
with
CEORCE SANDERS
LYNN BARI
JAMES CLEASON
ALLEN JENKINS
HELEN GILBERT
pus
TODAY & FRIDAY
BETTY CRABLE
VICTOR MATURE
JACK OAK IE
In
"SONG OF THE
ISLANDS"
In Technicolor
■—Also—
CLENN FORD
CLAIRE TREVOR
In
"ADVENTURE OF
MARTIN EDEN"
Are you
collar-blind?
DO YOU KNOW what collar
style looks best on you?
Well, we have Arrow shirts
in any number of collar
styles. Come in and we'll
help you choose which style
is most becoming to you.
New Arrow patterned shirts,
' $2.25
uiiD€man'/
NOW PLAYINC
ROSALIND RUSSELL
FRED MACMURRAY
ROBERT BENCHLEY
MACDONALD CAREY
CONSTANCE MOORE
In
'TAKE A LETTER
DARLING"
Plus—
'THE FALCON
TAKES OVER"
with
CEORCE SANDERS
LYNN BARI
JAMES CLEASON
ALLEN JENKINS
HELEN GILBERT
pus
TODAY & FRIDAY
BETTY CRABLE
VICTOR MATURE
JACK OAK IE
In
"SONG OF THE
ISLANDS"
In Technicolor
■—Also—
CLENN FORD
CLAIRE TREVOR
In
"ADVENTURE OF
MARTIN EDEN"
Are you
collar-blind?
DO YOU KNOW what collar
style looks best on you?
Well, we have Arrow shirts
in any number of collar
styles. Come in and we'll
help you choose which style
is most becoming to you.
New Arrow patterned shirts,
' $2.25
uiiD€man'/
NOW PLAYINC
ROSALIND RUSSELL
FRED MACMURRAY
ROBERT BENCHLEY
MACDONALD CAREY
CONSTANCE MOORE
In
'TAKE A LETTER
DARLING"
Plus—
'THE FALCON
TAKES OVER"
with
CEORCE SANDERS
LYNN BARI
JAMES CLEASON
ALLEN JENKINS
HELEN GILBERT
pus
TODAY & FRIDAY
BETTY CRABLE
VICTOR MATURE
JACK OAK IE
In
"SONG OF THE
ISLANDS"
In Technicolor
■—Also—
CLENN FORD
CLAIRE TREVOR
In
"ADVENTURE OF
MARTIN EDEN"
Are you
collar-blind?
DO YOU KNOW what collar
style looks best on you?
Well, we have Arrow shirts
in any number of collar
styles. Come in and we'll
help you choose which style
is most becoming to you.
New Arrow patterned shirts,
' $2.25
uiiD€man'/
NOW PLAYINC
ROSALIND RUSSELL
FRED MACMURRAY
ROBERT BENCHLEY
MACDONALD CAREY
CONSTANCE MOORE
In
'TAKE A LETTER
DARLING"
Plus—
'THE FALCON
TAKES OVER"
with
CEORCE SANDERS
LYNN BARI
JAMES CLEASON
ALLEN JENKINS
HELEN GILBERT
pus
TODAY & FRIDAY
BETTY CRABLE
VICTOR MATURE
JACK OAK IE
In
"SONG OF THE
ISLANDS"
In Technicolor
■—Also—
CLENN FORD
CLAIRE TREVOR
In
"ADVENTURE OF
MARTIN EDEN"
Are you
collar-blind?
DO YOU KNOW what collar
style looks best on you?
Well, we have Arrow shirts
in any number of collar
styles. Come in and we'll
help you choose which style
is most becoming to you.
New Arrow patterned shirts,
' $2.25
uiiD€man'/
NOW PLAYINC
ROSALIND RUSSELL
FRED MACMURRAY
ROBERT BENCHLEY
MACDONALD CAREY
CONSTANCE MOORE
In
'TAKE A LETTER
DARLING"
Plus—
'THE FALCON
TAKES OVER"
with
CEORCE SANDERS
LYNN BARI
JAMES CLEASON
ALLEN JENKINS
HELEN GILBERT
pus
TODAY & FRIDAY
BETTY CRABLE
VICTOR MATURE
JACK OAK IE
In
"SONG OF THE
ISLANDS"
In Technicolor
■—Also—
CLENN FORD
CLAIRE TREVOR
In
"ADVENTURE OF
MARTIN EDEN"
Are you
collar-blind?
DO YOU KNOW what collar
style looks best on you?
Well, we have Arrow shirts
in any number of collar
styles. Come in and we'll
help you choose which style
is most becoming to you.
New Arrow patterned shirts,
' $2.25
uiiD€man'/
NOW PLAYINC
ROSALIND RUSSELL
FRED MACMURRAY
ROBERT BENCHLEY
MACDONALD CAREY
CONSTANCE MOORE
In
'TAKE A LETTER
DARLING"
Plus—
'THE FALCON
TAKES OVER"
with
CEORCE SANDERS
LYNN BARI
JAMES CLEASON
ALLEN JENKINS
HELEN GILBERT
pus
TODAY & FRIDAY
BETTY CRABLE
VICTOR MATURE
JACK OAK IE
In
"SONG OF THE
ISLANDS"
In Technicolor
■—Also—
CLENN FORD
CLAIRE TREVOR
In
"ADVENTURE OF
MARTIN EDEN"
Are you
collar-blind?
DO YOU KNOW what collar
style looks best on you?
Well, we have Arrow shirts
in any number of collar
styles. Come in and we'll
help you choose which style
is most becoming to you.
New Arrow patterned shirts,
' $2.25
uiiD€man'/
NOW PLAYINC
ROSALIND RUSSELL
FRED MACMURRAY
ROBERT BENCHLEY
MACDONALD CAREY
CONSTANCE MOORE
In
'TAKE A LETTER
DARLING"
Plus—
'THE FALCON
TAKES OVER"
with
CEORCE SANDERS
LYNN BARI
JAMES CLEASON
ALLEN JENKINS
HELEN GILBERT
pus
TODAY & FRIDAY
BETTY CRABLE
VICTOR MATURE
JACK OAK IE
In
"SONG OF THE
ISLANDS"
In Technicolor
■—Also—
CLENN FORD
CLAIRE TREVOR
In
"ADVENTURE OF
MARTIN EDEN"
Are you
collar-blind?
DO YOU KNOW what collar
style looks best on you?
Well, we have Arrow shirts
in any number of collar
styles. Come in and we'll
help you choose which style
is most becoming to you.
New Arrow patterned shirts,
' $2.25
uiiD€man'/
NOW PLAYINC
ROSALIND RUSSELL
FRED MACMURRAY
ROBERT BENCHLEY
MACDONALD CAREY
CONSTANCE MOORE
In
'TAKE A LETTER
DARLING"
Plus—
'THE FALCON
TAKES OVER"
with
CEORCE SANDERS
LYNN BARI
JAMES CLEASON
ALLEN JENKINS
HELEN GILBERT
pus
TODAY & FRIDAY
BETTY CRABLE
VICTOR MATURE
JACK OAK IE
In
"SONG OF THE
ISLANDS"
In Technicolor
■—Also—
CLENN FORD
CLAIRE TREVOR
In
"ADVENTURE OF
MARTIN EDEN"
Are you
collar-blind?
DO YOU KNOW what collar
style looks best on you?
Well, we have Arrow shirts
in any number of collar
styles. Come in and we'll
help you choose which style
is most becoming to you.
New Arrow patterned shirts,
' $2.25
uiiD€man'/
NOW PLAYINC
ROSALIND RUSSELL
FRED MACMURRAY
ROBERT BENCHLEY
MACDONALD CAREY
CONSTANCE MOORE
In
'TAKE A LETTER
DARLING"
Plus—
'THE FALCON
TAKES OVER"
with
CEORCE SANDERS
LYNN BARI
JAMES CLEASON
ALLEN JENKINS
HELEN GILBERT
pus
TODAY & FRIDAY
BETTY CRABLE
VICTOR MATURE
JACK OAK IE
In
"SONG OF THE
ISLANDS"
In Technicolor
■—Also—
CLENN FORD
CLAIRE TREVOR
In
"ADVENTURE OF
MARTIN EDEN"
Are you
collar-blind?
DO YOU KNOW what collar
style looks best on you?
Well, we have Arrow shirts
in any number of collar
styles. Come in and we'll
help you choose which style
is most becoming to you.
New Arrow patterned shirts,
' $2.25
uiiD€man'/
NOW PLAYINC
ROSALIND RUSSELL
FRED MACMURRAY
ROBERT BENCHLEY
MACDONALD CAREY
CONSTANCE MOORE
In
'TAKE A LETTER
DARLING"
Plus—
'THE FALCON
TAKES OVER"
with
CEORCE SANDERS
LYNN BARI
JAMES CLEASON
ALLEN JENKINS
HELEN GILBERT
pus
TODAY & FRIDAY
BETTY CRABLE
VICTOR MATURE
JACK OAK IE
In
"SONG OF THE
ISLANDS"
In Technicolor
■—Also—
CLENN FORD
CLAIRE TREVOR
In
"ADVENTURE OF
MARTIN EDEN"
Are you
collar-blind?
DO YOU KNOW what collar
style looks best on you?
Well, we have Arrow shirts
in any number of collar
styles. Come in and we'll
help you choose which style
is most becoming to you.
New Arrow patterned shirts,
' $2.25
uiiD€man'/
NOW PLAYINC
ROSALIND RUSSELL
FRED MACMURRAY
ROBERT BENCHLEY
MACDONALD CAREY
CONSTANCE MOORE
In
'TAKE A LETTER
DARLING"
Plus—
'THE FALCON
TAKES OVER"
with
CEORCE SANDERS
LYNN BARI
JAMES CLEASON
ALLEN JENKINS
HELEN GILBERT
pus
TODAY & FRIDAY
BETTY CRABLE
VICTOR MATURE
JACK OAK IE
In
"SONG OF THE
ISLANDS"
In Technicolor
■—Also—
CLENN FORD
CLAIRE TREVOR
In
"ADVENTURE OF
MARTIN EDEN"
Are you
collar-blind?
DO YOU KNOW what collar
style looks best on you?
Well, we have Arrow shirts
in any number of collar
styles. Come in and we'll
help you choose which style
is most becoming to you.
New Arrow patterned shirts,
' $2.25
uiiD€man'/
NOW PLAYINC
ROSALIND RUSSELL
FRED MACMURRAY
ROBERT BENCHLEY
MACDONALD CAREY
CONSTANCE MOORE
In
'TAKE A LETTER
DARLING"
Plus—
'THE FALCON
TAKES OVER"
with
CEORCE SANDERS
LYNN BARI
JAMES CLEASON
ALLEN JENKINS
HELEN GILBERT
pus
TODAY & FRIDAY
BETTY CRABLE
VICTOR MATURE
JACK OAK IE
In
"SONG OF THE
ISLANDS"
In Technicolor
■—Also—
CLENN FORD
CLAIRE TREVOR
In
"ADVENTURE OF
MARTIN EDEN"
Are you
collar-blind?
DO YOU KNOW what collar
style looks best on you?
Well, we have Arrow shirts
in any number of collar
styles. Come in and we'll
help you choose which style
is most becoming to you.
New Arrow patterned shirts,
' $2.25
uiiD€man'/
NOW PLAYINC
ROSALIND RUSSELL
FRED MACMURRAY
ROBERT BENCHLEY
MACDONALD CAREY
CONSTANCE MOORE
In
'TAKE A LETTER
DARLING"
Plus—
'THE FALCON
TAKES OVER"
with
CEORCE SANDERS
LYNN BARI
JAMES CLEASON
ALLEN JENKINS
HELEN GILBERT
pus
TODAY & FRIDAY
BETTY CRABLE
VICTOR MATURE
JACK OAK IE
In
"SONG OF THE
ISLANDS"
In Technicolor
■—Also—
CLENN FORD
CLAIRE TREVOR
In
"ADVENTURE OF
MARTIN EDEN"
Are you
collar-blind?
DO YOU KNOW what collar
style looks best on you?
Well, we have Arrow shirts
in any number of collar
styles. Come in and we'll
help you choose which style
is most becoming to you.
New Arrow patterned shirts,
' $2.25
uiiD€man'/
NOW PLAYINC
ROSALIND RUSSELL
FRED MACMURRAY
ROBERT BENCHLEY
MACDONALD CAREY
CONSTANCE MOORE
In
'TAKE A LETTER
DARLING"
Plus—
'THE FALCON
TAKES OVER"
with
CEORCE SANDERS
LYNN BARI
JAMES CLEASON
ALLEN JENKINS
HELEN GILBERT
pus
TODAY & FRIDAY
BETTY CRABLE
VICTOR MATURE
JACK OAK IE
In
"SONG OF THE
ISLANDS"
In Technicolor
■—Also—
CLENN FORD
CLAIRE TREVOR
In
"ADVENTURE OF
MARTIN EDEN"
Are you
collar-blind?
DO YOU KNOW what collar
style looks best on you?
Well, we have Arrow shirts
in any number of collar
styles. Come in and we'll
help you choose which style
is most becoming to you.
New Arrow patterned shirts,
' $2.25
uiiD€man'/
NOW PLAYINC
ROSALIND RUSSELL
FRED MACMURRAY
ROBERT BENCHLEY
MACDONALD CAREY
CONSTANCE MOORE
In
'TAKE A LETTER
DARLING"
Plus—
'THE FALCON
TAKES OVER"
with
CEORCE SANDERS
LYNN BARI
JAMES CLEASON
ALLEN JENKINS
HELEN GILBERT
pus
TODAY & FRIDAY
BETTY CRABLE
VICTOR MATURE
JACK OAK IE
In
"SONG OF THE
ISLANDS"
In Technicolor
■—Also—
CLENN FORD
CLAIRE TREVOR
In
"ADVENTURE OF
MARTIN EDEN"
