# Farm Dances Along Row This Week-end
## 
### 
Three fraternities will give dances
on the Row this week-end. Two of
these dances will be open to the
campus.
Friday night the Delta Chis are
having an open house from 9 to 12
p.m., and the A.T.O. house is giving
an "Air Raid Dance." Both will be
open to the campus Friday night,
j The Sigma Nu "Off the List" dance.
Saturday night from 9 to 1, is invita
! tional.
Three fraternities will give dances
on the Row this week-end. Two of
these dances will be open to the
campus.
Friday night the Delta Chis are
having an open house from 9 to 12
p.m., and the A.T.O. house is giving
an "Air Raid Dance." Both will be
open to the campus Friday night,
j The Sigma Nu "Off the List" dance.
Saturday night from 9 to 1, is invita
! tional.
Three fraternities will give dances
on the Row this week-end. Two of
these dances will be open to the
campus.
Friday night the Delta Chis are
having an open house from 9 to 12
p.m., and the A.T.O. house is giving
an "Air Raid Dance." Both will be
open to the campus Friday night,
j The Sigma Nu "Off the List" dance.
Saturday night from 9 to 1, is invita
! tional.
Three fraternities will give dances
on the Row this week-end. Two of
these dances will be open to the
campus.
Friday night the Delta Chis are
having an open house from 9 to 12
p.m., and the A.T.O. house is giving
an "Air Raid Dance." Both will be
open to the campus Friday night,
j The Sigma Nu "Off the List" dance.
Saturday night from 9 to 1, is invita
! tional.
Three fraternities will give dances
on the Row this week-end. Two of
these dances will be open to the
campus.
Friday night the Delta Chis are
having an open house from 9 to 12
p.m., and the A.T.O. house is giving
an "Air Raid Dance." Both will be
open to the campus Friday night,
j The Sigma Nu "Off the List" dance.
Saturday night from 9 to 1, is invita
! tional.
Three fraternities will give dances
on the Row this week-end. Two of
these dances will be open to the
campus.
Friday night the Delta Chis are
having an open house from 9 to 12
p.m., and the A.T.O. house is giving
an "Air Raid Dance." Both will be
open to the campus Friday night,
j The Sigma Nu "Off the List" dance.
Saturday night from 9 to 1, is invita
! tional.
Three fraternities will give dances
on the Row this week-end. Two of
these dances will be open to the
campus.
Friday night the Delta Chis are
having an open house from 9 to 12
p.m., and the A.T.O. house is giving
an "Air Raid Dance." Both will be
open to the campus Friday night,
j The Sigma Nu "Off the List" dance.
Saturday night from 9 to 1, is invita
! tional.
Three fraternities will give dances
on the Row this week-end. Two of
these dances will be open to the
campus.
Friday night the Delta Chis are
having an open house from 9 to 12
p.m., and the A.T.O. house is giving
an "Air Raid Dance." Both will be
open to the campus Friday night,
j The Sigma Nu "Off the List" dance.
Saturday night from 9 to 1, is invita
! tional.
Three fraternities will give dances
on the Row this week-end. Two of
these dances will be open to the
campus.
Friday night the Delta Chis are
having an open house from 9 to 12
p.m., and the A.T.O. house is giving
an "Air Raid Dance." Both will be
open to the campus Friday night,
j The Sigma Nu "Off the List" dance.
Saturday night from 9 to 1, is invita
! tional.
Three fraternities will give dances
on the Row this week-end. Two of
these dances will be open to the
campus.
Friday night the Delta Chis are
having an open house from 9 to 12
p.m., and the A.T.O. house is giving
an "Air Raid Dance." Both will be
open to the campus Friday night,
j The Sigma Nu "Off the List" dance.
Saturday night from 9 to 1, is invita
! tional.
Three fraternities will give dances
on the Row this week-end. Two of
these dances will be open to the
campus.
Friday night the Delta Chis are
having an open house from 9 to 12
p.m., and the A.T.O. house is giving
an "Air Raid Dance." Both will be
open to the campus Friday night,
j The Sigma Nu "Off the List" dance.
Saturday night from 9 to 1, is invita
! tional.
Three fraternities will give dances
on the Row this week-end. Two of
these dances will be open to the
campus.
Friday night the Delta Chis are
having an open house from 9 to 12
p.m., and the A.T.O. house is giving
an "Air Raid Dance." Both will be
open to the campus Friday night,
j The Sigma Nu "Off the List" dance.
Saturday night from 9 to 1, is invita
! tional.
Three fraternities will give dances
on the Row this week-end. Two of
these dances will be open to the
campus.
Friday night the Delta Chis are
having an open house from 9 to 12
p.m., and the A.T.O. house is giving
an "Air Raid Dance." Both will be
open to the campus Friday night,
j The Sigma Nu "Off the List" dance.
Saturday night from 9 to 1, is invita
! tional.
Three fraternities will give dances
on the Row this week-end. Two of
these dances will be open to the
campus.
Friday night the Delta Chis are
having an open house from 9 to 12
p.m., and the A.T.O. house is giving
an "Air Raid Dance." Both will be
open to the campus Friday night,
j The Sigma Nu "Off the List" dance.
Saturday night from 9 to 1, is invita
! tional.
Three fraternities will give dances
on the Row this week-end. Two of
these dances will be open to the
campus.
Friday night the Delta Chis are
having an open house from 9 to 12
p.m., and the A.T.O. house is giving
an "Air Raid Dance." Both will be
open to the campus Friday night,
j The Sigma Nu "Off the List" dance.
Saturday night from 9 to 1, is invita
! tional.
Three fraternities will give dances
on the Row this week-end. Two of
these dances will be open to the
campus.
Friday night the Delta Chis are
having an open house from 9 to 12
p.m., and the A.T.O. house is giving
an "Air Raid Dance." Both will be
open to the campus Friday night,
j The Sigma Nu "Off the List" dance.
Saturday night from 9 to 1, is invita
! tional.
Three fraternities will give dances
on the Row this week-end. Two of
these dances will be open to the
campus.
Friday night the Delta Chis are
having an open house from 9 to 12
p.m., and the A.T.O. house is giving
an "Air Raid Dance." Both will be
open to the campus Friday night,
j The Sigma Nu "Off the List" dance.
Saturday night from 9 to 1, is invita
! tional.
