# Women Will Walk to Prom.
## 
### 
• There will be no carriages employed
the night of the Junior Prom What
the men could not accomplish the wo
men have done.. The Women's Con
ference this afternoon passed a reso
lution to this effect after a long and
exciting meeting. .There was opposi
tion to the proposal from the Palo
Alto women but a compromise was
effected by arranging that those who
live off the campus be invited to stay
at the sorority houses and the dormi
tories.
• There will be no carriages employed
the night of the Junior Prom What
the men could not accomplish the wo
men have done.. The Women's Con
ference this afternoon passed a reso
lution to this effect after a long and
exciting meeting. .There was opposi
tion to the proposal from the Palo
Alto women but a compromise was
effected by arranging that those who
live off the campus be invited to stay
at the sorority houses and the dormi
tories.
• There will be no carriages employed
the night of the Junior Prom What
the men could not accomplish the wo
men have done.. The Women's Con
ference this afternoon passed a reso
lution to this effect after a long and
exciting meeting. .There was opposi
tion to the proposal from the Palo
Alto women but a compromise was
effected by arranging that those who
live off the campus be invited to stay
at the sorority houses and the dormi
tories.
• There will be no carriages employed
the night of the Junior Prom What
the men could not accomplish the wo
men have done.. The Women's Con
ference this afternoon passed a reso
lution to this effect after a long and
exciting meeting. .There was opposi
tion to the proposal from the Palo
Alto women but a compromise was
effected by arranging that those who
live off the campus be invited to stay
at the sorority houses and the dormi
tories.
• There will be no carriages employed
the night of the Junior Prom What
the men could not accomplish the wo
men have done.. The Women's Con
ference this afternoon passed a reso
lution to this effect after a long and
exciting meeting. .There was opposi
tion to the proposal from the Palo
Alto women but a compromise was
effected by arranging that those who
live off the campus be invited to stay
at the sorority houses and the dormi
tories.
• There will be no carriages employed
the night of the Junior Prom What
the men could not accomplish the wo
men have done.. The Women's Con
ference this afternoon passed a reso
lution to this effect after a long and
exciting meeting. .There was opposi
tion to the proposal from the Palo
Alto women but a compromise was
effected by arranging that those who
live off the campus be invited to stay
at the sorority houses and the dormi
tories.
• There will be no carriages employed
the night of the Junior Prom What
the men could not accomplish the wo
men have done.. The Women's Con
ference this afternoon passed a reso
lution to this effect after a long and
exciting meeting. .There was opposi
tion to the proposal from the Palo
Alto women but a compromise was
effected by arranging that those who
live off the campus be invited to stay
at the sorority houses and the dormi
tories.
• There will be no carriages employed
the night of the Junior Prom What
the men could not accomplish the wo
men have done.. The Women's Con
ference this afternoon passed a reso
lution to this effect after a long and
exciting meeting. .There was opposi
tion to the proposal from the Palo
Alto women but a compromise was
effected by arranging that those who
live off the campus be invited to stay
at the sorority houses and the dormi
tories.
• There will be no carriages employed
the night of the Junior Prom What
the men could not accomplish the wo
men have done.. The Women's Con
ference this afternoon passed a reso
lution to this effect after a long and
exciting meeting. .There was opposi
tion to the proposal from the Palo
Alto women but a compromise was
effected by arranging that those who
live off the campus be invited to stay
at the sorority houses and the dormi
tories.
