# 4The t ask Lies Ahead': Tanner
## 
### JOANNE O'BRIEN 
Obcrt C. Tanner, visiting chap
lain. said at the Memorial Services
yesterday that the task for which
the war heroes gave their lives is
not yet completed.
"The completion of this task lies
with us," he said. "Only through
education and earnest effort can we
hope lo maintain the peace."
Rob Kennedy, A.S.S.U. president,
expressing the same feeling, stated
that since the war dead can no
longer live among us they must live
within us. ''We must never forget
their sacrifices, and do all we can
to preserve the peace they fought
for," he said.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, opened the services by play
ing the impressive "Funeral March
and Seraphic Chant" by Alexander
Guilmant. "O Hear My Prayer" was
sung by the N.R.O.T.C.

the terraces of the Memorial Thea
tre followed by the Senior Class
Day exercises at Cubberley Hall. A
reception honoring the graduating
seniors and their families will be
given by President and Mrs. Tresid
der at their home at 4 p.m.
The baccalaureate sermon will bf!
delivered by Dr. Theodore Green,
visiting professor of humanities,
Sunday morning, June 16 at the Me
morial Church. Music will be pro
vided by a mixed chorus.
Senior class booklets, bound in
white leather and containing the
names of graduates and Farm scenes
are now on sale at the Bookstore
for $1.25.
Graduation announcements in dif
ferent sized lots, may now be or
dered at the Bookstore. They are
priced at 10 cents each.
Obcrt C. Tanner, visiting chap
lain. said at the Memorial Services
yesterday that the task for which
the war heroes gave their lives is
not yet completed.
"The completion of this task lies
with us," he said. "Only through
education and earnest effort can we
hope lo maintain the peace."
Rob Kennedy, A.S.S.U. president,
expressing the same feeling, stated
that since the war dead can no
longer live among us they must live
within us. ''We must never forget
their sacrifices, and do all we can
to preserve the peace they fought
for," he said.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, opened the services by play
ing the impressive "Funeral March
and Seraphic Chant" by Alexander
Guilmant. "O Hear My Prayer" was
sung by the N.R.O.T.C.

the terraces of the Memorial Thea
tre followed by the Senior Class
Day exercises at Cubberley Hall. A
reception honoring the graduating
seniors and their families will be
given by President and Mrs. Tresid
der at their home at 4 p.m.
The baccalaureate sermon will bf!
delivered by Dr. Theodore Green,
visiting professor of humanities,
Sunday morning, June 16 at the Me
morial Church. Music will be pro
vided by a mixed chorus.
Senior class booklets, bound in
white leather and containing the
names of graduates and Farm scenes
are now on sale at the Bookstore
for $1.25.
Graduation announcements in dif
ferent sized lots, may now be or
dered at the Bookstore. They are
priced at 10 cents each.
Obcrt C. Tanner, visiting chap
lain. said at the Memorial Services
yesterday that the task for which
the war heroes gave their lives is
not yet completed.
"The completion of this task lies
with us," he said. "Only through
education and earnest effort can we
hope lo maintain the peace."
Rob Kennedy, A.S.S.U. president,
expressing the same feeling, stated
that since the war dead can no
longer live among us they must live
within us. ''We must never forget
their sacrifices, and do all we can
to preserve the peace they fought
for," he said.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, opened the services by play
ing the impressive "Funeral March
and Seraphic Chant" by Alexander
Guilmant. "O Hear My Prayer" was
sung by the N.R.O.T.C.

the terraces of the Memorial Thea
tre followed by the Senior Class
Day exercises at Cubberley Hall. A
reception honoring the graduating
seniors and their families will be
given by President and Mrs. Tresid
der at their home at 4 p.m.
The baccalaureate sermon will bf!
delivered by Dr. Theodore Green,
visiting professor of humanities,
Sunday morning, June 16 at the Me
morial Church. Music will be pro
vided by a mixed chorus.
Senior class booklets, bound in
white leather and containing the
names of graduates and Farm scenes
are now on sale at the Bookstore
for $1.25.
Graduation announcements in dif
ferent sized lots, may now be or
dered at the Bookstore. They are
priced at 10 cents each.
Obcrt C. Tanner, visiting chap
lain. said at the Memorial Services
yesterday that the task for which
the war heroes gave their lives is
not yet completed.
"The completion of this task lies
with us," he said. "Only through
education and earnest effort can we
hope lo maintain the peace."
Rob Kennedy, A.S.S.U. president,
expressing the same feeling, stated
that since the war dead can no
longer live among us they must live
within us. ''We must never forget
their sacrifices, and do all we can
to preserve the peace they fought
for," he said.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, opened the services by play
ing the impressive "Funeral March
and Seraphic Chant" by Alexander
Guilmant. "O Hear My Prayer" was
sung by the N.R.O.T.C.

the terraces of the Memorial Thea
tre followed by the Senior Class
Day exercises at Cubberley Hall. A
reception honoring the graduating
seniors and their families will be
given by President and Mrs. Tresid
der at their home at 4 p.m.
The baccalaureate sermon will bf!
delivered by Dr. Theodore Green,
visiting professor of humanities,
Sunday morning, June 16 at the Me
morial Church. Music will be pro
vided by a mixed chorus.
Senior class booklets, bound in
white leather and containing the
names of graduates and Farm scenes
are now on sale at the Bookstore
for $1.25.
Graduation announcements in dif
ferent sized lots, may now be or
dered at the Bookstore. They are
priced at 10 cents each.
Obcrt C. Tanner, visiting chap
lain. said at the Memorial Services
yesterday that the task for which
the war heroes gave their lives is
not yet completed.
"The completion of this task lies
with us," he said. "Only through
education and earnest effort can we
hope lo maintain the peace."
Rob Kennedy, A.S.S.U. president,
expressing the same feeling, stated
that since the war dead can no
longer live among us they must live
within us. ''We must never forget
their sacrifices, and do all we can
to preserve the peace they fought
for," he said.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, opened the services by play
ing the impressive "Funeral March
and Seraphic Chant" by Alexander
Guilmant. "O Hear My Prayer" was
sung by the N.R.O.T.C.

the terraces of the Memorial Thea
tre followed by the Senior Class
Day exercises at Cubberley Hall. A
reception honoring the graduating
seniors and their families will be
given by President and Mrs. Tresid
der at their home at 4 p.m.
The baccalaureate sermon will bf!
delivered by Dr. Theodore Green,
visiting professor of humanities,
Sunday morning, June 16 at the Me
morial Church. Music will be pro
vided by a mixed chorus.
Senior class booklets, bound in
white leather and containing the
names of graduates and Farm scenes
are now on sale at the Bookstore
for $1.25.
Graduation announcements in dif
ferent sized lots, may now be or
dered at the Bookstore. They are
priced at 10 cents each.
Obcrt C. Tanner, visiting chap
lain. said at the Memorial Services
yesterday that the task for which
the war heroes gave their lives is
not yet completed.
"The completion of this task lies
with us," he said. "Only through
education and earnest effort can we
hope lo maintain the peace."
Rob Kennedy, A.S.S.U. president,
expressing the same feeling, stated
that since the war dead can no
longer live among us they must live
within us. ''We must never forget
their sacrifices, and do all we can
to preserve the peace they fought
for," he said.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, opened the services by play
ing the impressive "Funeral March
and Seraphic Chant" by Alexander
Guilmant. "O Hear My Prayer" was
sung by the N.R.O.T.C.

the terraces of the Memorial Thea
tre followed by the Senior Class
Day exercises at Cubberley Hall. A
reception honoring the graduating
seniors and their families will be
given by President and Mrs. Tresid
der at their home at 4 p.m.
The baccalaureate sermon will bf!
delivered by Dr. Theodore Green,
visiting professor of humanities,
Sunday morning, June 16 at the Me
morial Church. Music will be pro
vided by a mixed chorus.
Senior class booklets, bound in
white leather and containing the
names of graduates and Farm scenes
are now on sale at the Bookstore
for $1.25.
Graduation announcements in dif
ferent sized lots, may now be or
dered at the Bookstore. They are
priced at 10 cents each.
Obcrt C. Tanner, visiting chap
lain. said at the Memorial Services
yesterday that the task for which
the war heroes gave their lives is
not yet completed.
"The completion of this task lies
with us," he said. "Only through
education and earnest effort can we
hope lo maintain the peace."
Rob Kennedy, A.S.S.U. president,
expressing the same feeling, stated
that since the war dead can no
longer live among us they must live
within us. ''We must never forget
their sacrifices, and do all we can
to preserve the peace they fought
for," he said.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, opened the services by play
ing the impressive "Funeral March
and Seraphic Chant" by Alexander
Guilmant. "O Hear My Prayer" was
sung by the N.R.O.T.C.

the terraces of the Memorial Thea
tre followed by the Senior Class
Day exercises at Cubberley Hall. A
reception honoring the graduating
seniors and their families will be
given by President and Mrs. Tresid
der at their home at 4 p.m.
The baccalaureate sermon will bf!
delivered by Dr. Theodore Green,
visiting professor of humanities,
Sunday morning, June 16 at the Me
morial Church. Music will be pro
vided by a mixed chorus.
Senior class booklets, bound in
white leather and containing the
names of graduates and Farm scenes
are now on sale at the Bookstore
for $1.25.
Graduation announcements in dif
ferent sized lots, may now be or
dered at the Bookstore. They are
priced at 10 cents each.
Obcrt C. Tanner, visiting chap
lain. said at the Memorial Services
yesterday that the task for which
the war heroes gave their lives is
not yet completed.
"The completion of this task lies
with us," he said. "Only through
education and earnest effort can we
hope lo maintain the peace."
Rob Kennedy, A.S.S.U. president,
expressing the same feeling, stated
that since the war dead can no
longer live among us they must live
within us. ''We must never forget
their sacrifices, and do all we can
to preserve the peace they fought
for," he said.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, opened the services by play
ing the impressive "Funeral March
and Seraphic Chant" by Alexander
Guilmant. "O Hear My Prayer" was
sung by the N.R.O.T.C.

the terraces of the Memorial Thea
tre followed by the Senior Class
Day exercises at Cubberley Hall. A
reception honoring the graduating
seniors and their families will be
given by President and Mrs. Tresid
der at their home at 4 p.m.
The baccalaureate sermon will bf!
delivered by Dr. Theodore Green,
visiting professor of humanities,
Sunday morning, June 16 at the Me
morial Church. Music will be pro
vided by a mixed chorus.
Senior class booklets, bound in
white leather and containing the
names of graduates and Farm scenes
are now on sale at the Bookstore
for $1.25.
Graduation announcements in dif
ferent sized lots, may now be or
dered at the Bookstore. They are
priced at 10 cents each.
Obcrt C. Tanner, visiting chap
lain. said at the Memorial Services
yesterday that the task for which
the war heroes gave their lives is
not yet completed.
"The completion of this task lies
with us," he said. "Only through
education and earnest effort can we
hope lo maintain the peace."
Rob Kennedy, A.S.S.U. president,
expressing the same feeling, stated
that since the war dead can no
longer live among us they must live
within us. ''We must never forget
their sacrifices, and do all we can
to preserve the peace they fought
for," he said.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, opened the services by play
ing the impressive "Funeral March
and Seraphic Chant" by Alexander
Guilmant. "O Hear My Prayer" was
sung by the N.R.O.T.C.

the terraces of the Memorial Thea
tre followed by the Senior Class
Day exercises at Cubberley Hall. A
reception honoring the graduating
seniors and their families will be
given by President and Mrs. Tresid
der at their home at 4 p.m.
The baccalaureate sermon will bf!
delivered by Dr. Theodore Green,
visiting professor of humanities,
Sunday morning, June 16 at the Me
morial Church. Music will be pro
vided by a mixed chorus.
Senior class booklets, bound in
white leather and containing the
names of graduates and Farm scenes
are now on sale at the Bookstore
for $1.25.
Graduation announcements in dif
ferent sized lots, may now be or
dered at the Bookstore. They are
priced at 10 cents each.
Obcrt C. Tanner, visiting chap
lain. said at the Memorial Services
yesterday that the task for which
the war heroes gave their lives is
not yet completed.
"The completion of this task lies
with us," he said. "Only through
education and earnest effort can we
hope lo maintain the peace."
Rob Kennedy, A.S.S.U. president,
expressing the same feeling, stated
that since the war dead can no
longer live among us they must live
within us. ''We must never forget
their sacrifices, and do all we can
to preserve the peace they fought
for," he said.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, opened the services by play
ing the impressive "Funeral March
and Seraphic Chant" by Alexander
Guilmant. "O Hear My Prayer" was
sung by the N.R.O.T.C.

the terraces of the Memorial Thea
tre followed by the Senior Class
Day exercises at Cubberley Hall. A
reception honoring the graduating
seniors and their families will be
given by President and Mrs. Tresid
der at their home at 4 p.m.
The baccalaureate sermon will bf!
delivered by Dr. Theodore Green,
visiting professor of humanities,
Sunday morning, June 16 at the Me
morial Church. Music will be pro
vided by a mixed chorus.
Senior class booklets, bound in
white leather and containing the
names of graduates and Farm scenes
are now on sale at the Bookstore
for $1.25.
Graduation announcements in dif
ferent sized lots, may now be or
dered at the Bookstore. They are
priced at 10 cents each.
Obcrt C. Tanner, visiting chap
lain. said at the Memorial Services
yesterday that the task for which
the war heroes gave their lives is
not yet completed.
"The completion of this task lies
with us," he said. "Only through
education and earnest effort can we
hope lo maintain the peace."
Rob Kennedy, A.S.S.U. president,
expressing the same feeling, stated
that since the war dead can no
longer live among us they must live
within us. ''We must never forget
their sacrifices, and do all we can
to preserve the peace they fought
for," he said.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, opened the services by play
ing the impressive "Funeral March
and Seraphic Chant" by Alexander
Guilmant. "O Hear My Prayer" was
sung by the N.R.O.T.C.

the terraces of the Memorial Thea
tre followed by the Senior Class
Day exercises at Cubberley Hall. A
reception honoring the graduating
seniors and their families will be
given by President and Mrs. Tresid
der at their home at 4 p.m.
The baccalaureate sermon will bf!
delivered by Dr. Theodore Green,
visiting professor of humanities,
Sunday morning, June 16 at the Me
morial Church. Music will be pro
vided by a mixed chorus.
Senior class booklets, bound in
white leather and containing the
names of graduates and Farm scenes
are now on sale at the Bookstore
for $1.25.
Graduation announcements in dif
ferent sized lots, may now be or
dered at the Bookstore. They are
priced at 10 cents each.
Obcrt C. Tanner, visiting chap
lain. said at the Memorial Services
yesterday that the task for which
the war heroes gave their lives is
not yet completed.
"The completion of this task lies
with us," he said. "Only through
education and earnest effort can we
hope lo maintain the peace."
Rob Kennedy, A.S.S.U. president,
expressing the same feeling, stated
that since the war dead can no
longer live among us they must live
within us. ''We must never forget
their sacrifices, and do all we can
to preserve the peace they fought
for," he said.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, opened the services by play
ing the impressive "Funeral March
and Seraphic Chant" by Alexander
Guilmant. "O Hear My Prayer" was
sung by the N.R.O.T.C.

the terraces of the Memorial Thea
tre followed by the Senior Class
Day exercises at Cubberley Hall. A
reception honoring the graduating
seniors and their families will be
given by President and Mrs. Tresid
der at their home at 4 p.m.
The baccalaureate sermon will bf!
delivered by Dr. Theodore Green,
visiting professor of humanities,
Sunday morning, June 16 at the Me
morial Church. Music will be pro
vided by a mixed chorus.
Senior class booklets, bound in
white leather and containing the
names of graduates and Farm scenes
are now on sale at the Bookstore
for $1.25.
Graduation announcements in dif
ferent sized lots, may now be or
dered at the Bookstore. They are
priced at 10 cents each.
Obcrt C. Tanner, visiting chap
lain. said at the Memorial Services
yesterday that the task for which
the war heroes gave their lives is
not yet completed.
"The completion of this task lies
with us," he said. "Only through
education and earnest effort can we
hope lo maintain the peace."
Rob Kennedy, A.S.S.U. president,
expressing the same feeling, stated
that since the war dead can no
longer live among us they must live
within us. ''We must never forget
their sacrifices, and do all we can
to preserve the peace they fought
for," he said.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, opened the services by play
ing the impressive "Funeral March
and Seraphic Chant" by Alexander
Guilmant. "O Hear My Prayer" was
sung by the N.R.O.T.C.

the terraces of the Memorial Thea
tre followed by the Senior Class
Day exercises at Cubberley Hall. A
reception honoring the graduating
seniors and their families will be
given by President and Mrs. Tresid
der at their home at 4 p.m.
The baccalaureate sermon will bf!
delivered by Dr. Theodore Green,
visiting professor of humanities,
Sunday morning, June 16 at the Me
morial Church. Music will be pro
vided by a mixed chorus.
Senior class booklets, bound in
white leather and containing the
names of graduates and Farm scenes
are now on sale at the Bookstore
for $1.25.
Graduation announcements in dif
ferent sized lots, may now be or
dered at the Bookstore. They are
priced at 10 cents each.
Obcrt C. Tanner, visiting chap
lain. said at the Memorial Services
yesterday that the task for which
the war heroes gave their lives is
not yet completed.
"The completion of this task lies
with us," he said. "Only through
education and earnest effort can we
hope lo maintain the peace."
Rob Kennedy, A.S.S.U. president,
expressing the same feeling, stated
that since the war dead can no
longer live among us they must live
within us. ''We must never forget
their sacrifices, and do all we can
to preserve the peace they fought
for," he said.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, opened the services by play
ing the impressive "Funeral March
and Seraphic Chant" by Alexander
Guilmant. "O Hear My Prayer" was
sung by the N.R.O.T.C.

the terraces of the Memorial Thea
tre followed by the Senior Class
Day exercises at Cubberley Hall. A
reception honoring the graduating
seniors and their families will be
given by President and Mrs. Tresid
der at their home at 4 p.m.
The baccalaureate sermon will bf!
delivered by Dr. Theodore Green,
visiting professor of humanities,
Sunday morning, June 16 at the Me
morial Church. Music will be pro
vided by a mixed chorus.
Senior class booklets, bound in
white leather and containing the
names of graduates and Farm scenes
are now on sale at the Bookstore
for $1.25.
Graduation announcements in dif
ferent sized lots, may now be or
dered at the Bookstore. They are
priced at 10 cents each.
Obcrt C. Tanner, visiting chap
lain. said at the Memorial Services
yesterday that the task for which
the war heroes gave their lives is
not yet completed.
"The completion of this task lies
with us," he said. "Only through
education and earnest effort can we
hope lo maintain the peace."
Rob Kennedy, A.S.S.U. president,
expressing the same feeling, stated
that since the war dead can no
longer live among us they must live
within us. ''We must never forget
their sacrifices, and do all we can
to preserve the peace they fought
for," he said.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, opened the services by play
ing the impressive "Funeral March
and Seraphic Chant" by Alexander
Guilmant. "O Hear My Prayer" was
sung by the N.R.O.T.C.

the terraces of the Memorial Thea
tre followed by the Senior Class
Day exercises at Cubberley Hall. A
reception honoring the graduating
seniors and their families will be
given by President and Mrs. Tresid
der at their home at 4 p.m.
The baccalaureate sermon will bf!
delivered by Dr. Theodore Green,
visiting professor of humanities,
Sunday morning, June 16 at the Me
morial Church. Music will be pro
vided by a mixed chorus.
Senior class booklets, bound in
white leather and containing the
names of graduates and Farm scenes
are now on sale at the Bookstore
for $1.25.
Graduation announcements in dif
ferent sized lots, may now be or
dered at the Bookstore. They are
priced at 10 cents each.
