# FOLK DANCING
## 
### 
Folk dancing will be held in the
Nitery tonight at 8. This will be
the last meeting of the group this
quarter.
Folk dancing will be held in the
Nitery tonight at 8. This will be
the last meeting of the group this
quarter.
Folk dancing will be held in the
Nitery tonight at 8. This will be
the last meeting of the group this
quarter.
Folk dancing will be held in the
Nitery tonight at 8. This will be
the last meeting of the group this
quarter.
Folk dancing will be held in the
Nitery tonight at 8. This will be
the last meeting of the group this
quarter.
Folk dancing will be held in the
Nitery tonight at 8. This will be
the last meeting of the group this
quarter.
Folk dancing will be held in the
Nitery tonight at 8. This will be
the last meeting of the group this
quarter.
Folk dancing will be held in the
Nitery tonight at 8. This will be
the last meeting of the group this
quarter.
Folk dancing will be held in the
Nitery tonight at 8. This will be
the last meeting of the group this
quarter.
Folk dancing will be held in the
Nitery tonight at 8. This will be
the last meeting of the group this
quarter.
Folk dancing will be held in the
Nitery tonight at 8. This will be
the last meeting of the group this
quarter.
Folk dancing will be held in the
Nitery tonight at 8. This will be
the last meeting of the group this
quarter.
Folk dancing will be held in the
Nitery tonight at 8. This will be
the last meeting of the group this
quarter.
Folk dancing will be held in the
Nitery tonight at 8. This will be
the last meeting of the group this
quarter.
Folk dancing will be held in the
Nitery tonight at 8. This will be
the last meeting of the group this
quarter.
