# Adv. 14 Page 3
## 
### 
Expert Hair Cutting
CARDINAL BARBERS
P. Victor Kite, Prop.
Corner Hamilton Avenue
and Ramona Street
lE™
J. A. MEYERS CO.
M? V 724 So Hope.St
oU *A e Fr»UrnityJ*wtltf
t y &*■ «tiontrit w
Ray Riese P.A. 1334
Expert Hair Cutting
CARDINAL BARBERS
P. Victor Kite, Prop.
Corner Hamilton Avenue
and Ramona Street
lE™
J. A. MEYERS CO.
M? V 724 So Hope.St
oU *A e Fr»UrnityJ*wtltf
t y &*■ «tiontrit w
Ray Riese P.A. 1334
Expert Hair Cutting
CARDINAL BARBERS
P. Victor Kite, Prop.
Corner Hamilton Avenue
and Ramona Street
lE™
J. A. MEYERS CO.
M? V 724 So Hope.St
oU *A e Fr»UrnityJ*wtltf
t y &*■ «tiontrit w
Ray Riese P.A. 1334
Expert Hair Cutting
CARDINAL BARBERS
P. Victor Kite, Prop.
Corner Hamilton Avenue
and Ramona Street
lE™
J. A. MEYERS CO.
M? V 724 So Hope.St
oU *A e Fr»UrnityJ*wtltf
t y &*■ «tiontrit w
Ray Riese P.A. 1334
Expert Hair Cutting
CARDINAL BARBERS
P. Victor Kite, Prop.
Corner Hamilton Avenue
and Ramona Street
lE™
J. A. MEYERS CO.
M? V 724 So Hope.St
oU *A e Fr»UrnityJ*wtltf
t y &*■ «tiontrit w
Ray Riese P.A. 1334
Expert Hair Cutting
CARDINAL BARBERS
P. Victor Kite, Prop.
Corner Hamilton Avenue
and Ramona Street
lE™
J. A. MEYERS CO.
M? V 724 So Hope.St
oU *A e Fr»UrnityJ*wtltf
t y &*■ «tiontrit w
Ray Riese P.A. 1334
Expert Hair Cutting
CARDINAL BARBERS
P. Victor Kite, Prop.
Corner Hamilton Avenue
and Ramona Street
lE™
J. A. MEYERS CO.
M? V 724 So Hope.St
oU *A e Fr»UrnityJ*wtltf
t y &*■ «tiontrit w
Ray Riese P.A. 1334
Expert Hair Cutting
CARDINAL BARBERS
P. Victor Kite, Prop.
Corner Hamilton Avenue
and Ramona Street
lE™
J. A. MEYERS CO.
M? V 724 So Hope.St
oU *A e Fr»UrnityJ*wtltf
t y &*■ «tiontrit w
Ray Riese P.A. 1334
Expert Hair Cutting
CARDINAL BARBERS
P. Victor Kite, Prop.
Corner Hamilton Avenue
and Ramona Street
lE™
J. A. MEYERS CO.
M? V 724 So Hope.St
oU *A e Fr»UrnityJ*wtltf
t y &*■ «tiontrit w
Ray Riese P.A. 1334
Expert Hair Cutting
CARDINAL BARBERS
P. Victor Kite, Prop.
Corner Hamilton Avenue
and Ramona Street
lE™
J. A. MEYERS CO.
M? V 724 So Hope.St
oU *A e Fr»UrnityJ*wtltf
t y &*■ «tiontrit w
Ray Riese P.A. 1334
Expert Hair Cutting
CARDINAL BARBERS
P. Victor Kite, Prop.
Corner Hamilton Avenue
and Ramona Street
lE™
J. A. MEYERS CO.
M? V 724 So Hope.St
oU *A e Fr»UrnityJ*wtltf
t y &*■ «tiontrit w
Ray Riese P.A. 1334
Expert Hair Cutting
CARDINAL BARBERS
P. Victor Kite, Prop.
Corner Hamilton Avenue
and Ramona Street
lE™
J. A. MEYERS CO.
M? V 724 So Hope.St
oU *A e Fr»UrnityJ*wtltf
t y &*■ «tiontrit w
Ray Riese P.A. 1334
Expert Hair Cutting
CARDINAL BARBERS
P. Victor Kite, Prop.
Corner Hamilton Avenue
and Ramona Street
lE™
J. A. MEYERS CO.
M? V 724 So Hope.St
oU *A e Fr»UrnityJ*wtltf
t y &*■ «tiontrit w
Ray Riese P.A. 1334
Expert Hair Cutting
CARDINAL BARBERS
P. Victor Kite, Prop.
Corner Hamilton Avenue
and Ramona Street
lE™
J. A. MEYERS CO.
M? V 724 So Hope.St
oU *A e Fr»UrnityJ*wtltf
t y &*■ «tiontrit w
Ray Riese P.A. 1334
Expert Hair Cutting
CARDINAL BARBERS
P. Victor Kite, Prop.
Corner Hamilton Avenue
and Ramona Street
lE™
J. A. MEYERS CO.
M? V 724 So Hope.St
oU *A e Fr»UrnityJ*wtltf
t y &*■ «tiontrit w
Ray Riese P.A. 1334
