# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Stanford Union has extended
greetings to a large number of the
men of last year and we do wish to
meet the newones. Come to your cam
pus stores and get acquainted, ask
questions and you will find we are
ready to help when we can. Look over
our merchandise and compare prices.
We are sure we can give you the best
Di*ugs that are more than right—candy
for every one and lunches that are
tasty. The smoker will find most of
the popular brands and a good share
of the high grades. The Stanford
Union Store. —Adv.
The Stanford Union has extended
greetings to a large number of the
men of last year and we do wish to
meet the newones. Come to your cam
pus stores and get acquainted, ask
questions and you will find we are
ready to help when we can. Look over
our merchandise and compare prices.
We are sure we can give you the best
Di*ugs that are more than right—candy
for every one and lunches that are
tasty. The smoker will find most of
the popular brands and a good share
of the high grades. The Stanford
Union Store. —Adv.
The Stanford Union has extended
greetings to a large number of the
men of last year and we do wish to
meet the newones. Come to your cam
pus stores and get acquainted, ask
questions and you will find we are
ready to help when we can. Look over
our merchandise and compare prices.
We are sure we can give you the best
Di*ugs that are more than right—candy
for every one and lunches that are
tasty. The smoker will find most of
the popular brands and a good share
of the high grades. The Stanford
Union Store. —Adv.
The Stanford Union has extended
greetings to a large number of the
men of last year and we do wish to
meet the newones. Come to your cam
pus stores and get acquainted, ask
questions and you will find we are
ready to help when we can. Look over
our merchandise and compare prices.
We are sure we can give you the best
Di*ugs that are more than right—candy
for every one and lunches that are
tasty. The smoker will find most of
the popular brands and a good share
of the high grades. The Stanford
Union Store. —Adv.
The Stanford Union has extended
greetings to a large number of the
men of last year and we do wish to
meet the newones. Come to your cam
pus stores and get acquainted, ask
questions and you will find we are
ready to help when we can. Look over
our merchandise and compare prices.
We are sure we can give you the best
Di*ugs that are more than right—candy
for every one and lunches that are
tasty. The smoker will find most of
the popular brands and a good share
of the high grades. The Stanford
Union Store. —Adv.
The Stanford Union has extended
greetings to a large number of the
men of last year and we do wish to
meet the newones. Come to your cam
pus stores and get acquainted, ask
questions and you will find we are
ready to help when we can. Look over
our merchandise and compare prices.
We are sure we can give you the best
Di*ugs that are more than right—candy
for every one and lunches that are
tasty. The smoker will find most of
the popular brands and a good share
of the high grades. The Stanford
Union Store. —Adv.
The Stanford Union has extended
greetings to a large number of the
men of last year and we do wish to
meet the newones. Come to your cam
pus stores and get acquainted, ask
questions and you will find we are
ready to help when we can. Look over
our merchandise and compare prices.
We are sure we can give you the best
Di*ugs that are more than right—candy
for every one and lunches that are
tasty. The smoker will find most of
the popular brands and a good share
of the high grades. The Stanford
Union Store. —Adv.
The Stanford Union has extended
greetings to a large number of the
men of last year and we do wish to
meet the newones. Come to your cam
pus stores and get acquainted, ask
questions and you will find we are
ready to help when we can. Look over
our merchandise and compare prices.
We are sure we can give you the best
Di*ugs that are more than right—candy
for every one and lunches that are
tasty. The smoker will find most of
the popular brands and a good share
of the high grades. The Stanford
Union Store. —Adv.
The Stanford Union has extended
greetings to a large number of the
men of last year and we do wish to
meet the newones. Come to your cam
pus stores and get acquainted, ask
questions and you will find we are
ready to help when we can. Look over
our merchandise and compare prices.
We are sure we can give you the best
Di*ugs that are more than right—candy
for every one and lunches that are
tasty. The smoker will find most of
the popular brands and a good share
of the high grades. The Stanford
Union Store. —Adv.
The Stanford Union has extended
greetings to a large number of the
men of last year and we do wish to
meet the newones. Come to your cam
pus stores and get acquainted, ask
questions and you will find we are
ready to help when we can. Look over
our merchandise and compare prices.
We are sure we can give you the best
Di*ugs that are more than right—candy
for every one and lunches that are
tasty. The smoker will find most of
the popular brands and a good share
of the high grades. The Stanford
Union Store. —Adv.
The Stanford Union has extended
greetings to a large number of the
men of last year and we do wish to
meet the newones. Come to your cam
pus stores and get acquainted, ask
questions and you will find we are
ready to help when we can. Look over
our merchandise and compare prices.
We are sure we can give you the best
Di*ugs that are more than right—candy
for every one and lunches that are
tasty. The smoker will find most of
the popular brands and a good share
of the high grades. The Stanford
Union Store. —Adv.
The Stanford Union has extended
greetings to a large number of the
men of last year and we do wish to
meet the newones. Come to your cam
pus stores and get acquainted, ask
questions and you will find we are
ready to help when we can. Look over
our merchandise and compare prices.
We are sure we can give you the best
Di*ugs that are more than right—candy
for every one and lunches that are
tasty. The smoker will find most of
the popular brands and a good share
of the high grades. The Stanford
Union Store. —Adv.
The Stanford Union has extended
greetings to a large number of the
men of last year and we do wish to
meet the newones. Come to your cam
pus stores and get acquainted, ask
questions and you will find we are
ready to help when we can. Look over
our merchandise and compare prices.
We are sure we can give you the best
Di*ugs that are more than right—candy
for every one and lunches that are
tasty. The smoker will find most of
the popular brands and a good share
of the high grades. The Stanford
Union Store. —Adv.
The Stanford Union has extended
greetings to a large number of the
men of last year and we do wish to
meet the newones. Come to your cam
pus stores and get acquainted, ask
questions and you will find we are
ready to help when we can. Look over
our merchandise and compare prices.
We are sure we can give you the best
Di*ugs that are more than right—candy
for every one and lunches that are
tasty. The smoker will find most of
the popular brands and a good share
of the high grades. The Stanford
Union Store. —Adv.
The Stanford Union has extended
greetings to a large number of the
men of last year and we do wish to
meet the newones. Come to your cam
pus stores and get acquainted, ask
questions and you will find we are
ready to help when we can. Look over
our merchandise and compare prices.
We are sure we can give you the best
Di*ugs that are more than right—candy
for every one and lunches that are
tasty. The smoker will find most of
the popular brands and a good share
of the high grades. The Stanford
Union Store. —Adv.
