# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Sylva Weaver, '29, is now attending
Castle School in Tarrytown, New York,
until Christmas, when she expects to re
turn to Stanford. She is a member of
Kappa Kappa Gamma.
Sylva Weaver, '29, is now attending
Castle School in Tarrytown, New York,
until Christmas, when she expects to re
turn to Stanford. She is a member of
Kappa Kappa Gamma.
Sylva Weaver, '29, is now attending
Castle School in Tarrytown, New York,
until Christmas, when she expects to re
turn to Stanford. She is a member of
Kappa Kappa Gamma.
Sylva Weaver, '29, is now attending
Castle School in Tarrytown, New York,
until Christmas, when she expects to re
turn to Stanford. She is a member of
Kappa Kappa Gamma.
Sylva Weaver, '29, is now attending
Castle School in Tarrytown, New York,
until Christmas, when she expects to re
turn to Stanford. She is a member of
Kappa Kappa Gamma.
Sylva Weaver, '29, is now attending
Castle School in Tarrytown, New York,
until Christmas, when she expects to re
turn to Stanford. She is a member of
Kappa Kappa Gamma.
Sylva Weaver, '29, is now attending
Castle School in Tarrytown, New York,
until Christmas, when she expects to re
turn to Stanford. She is a member of
Kappa Kappa Gamma.
Sylva Weaver, '29, is now attending
Castle School in Tarrytown, New York,
until Christmas, when she expects to re
turn to Stanford. She is a member of
Kappa Kappa Gamma.
Sylva Weaver, '29, is now attending
Castle School in Tarrytown, New York,
until Christmas, when she expects to re
turn to Stanford. She is a member of
Kappa Kappa Gamma.
Sylva Weaver, '29, is now attending
Castle School in Tarrytown, New York,
until Christmas, when she expects to re
turn to Stanford. She is a member of
Kappa Kappa Gamma.
Sylva Weaver, '29, is now attending
Castle School in Tarrytown, New York,
until Christmas, when she expects to re
turn to Stanford. She is a member of
Kappa Kappa Gamma.
Sylva Weaver, '29, is now attending
Castle School in Tarrytown, New York,
until Christmas, when she expects to re
turn to Stanford. She is a member of
Kappa Kappa Gamma.
Sylva Weaver, '29, is now attending
Castle School in Tarrytown, New York,
until Christmas, when she expects to re
turn to Stanford. She is a member of
Kappa Kappa Gamma.
Sylva Weaver, '29, is now attending
Castle School in Tarrytown, New York,
until Christmas, when she expects to re
turn to Stanford. She is a member of
Kappa Kappa Gamma.
Sylva Weaver, '29, is now attending
Castle School in Tarrytown, New York,
until Christmas, when she expects to re
turn to Stanford. She is a member of
Kappa Kappa Gamma.
