# CRISIS LOOMS FOR CHINA GOVERNMENT
## 
### 
SHANGHAI, May 26 (/P).—The
Nationalist government of C hina to
night faced another crisis menacing
ns safety. President Chiang Kai-shek,
personally commanding the govern
ment forces in flonan province which
since May X have heeti attempting to
turn hack the Northern Alliance rebel
armies, was informed by Finance Min
ister Soong that immediate victory
was imperative to prevent grave det
rimental developments within the guv
ft linn-ill
SHANGHAI, May 26 (/P).—The
Nationalist government of C hina to
night faced another crisis menacing
ns safety. President Chiang Kai-shek,
personally commanding the govern
ment forces in flonan province which
since May X have heeti attempting to
turn hack the Northern Alliance rebel
armies, was informed by Finance Min
ister Soong that immediate victory
was imperative to prevent grave det
rimental developments within the guv
ft linn-ill
SHANGHAI, May 26 (/P).—The
Nationalist government of C hina to
night faced another crisis menacing
ns safety. President Chiang Kai-shek,
personally commanding the govern
ment forces in flonan province which
since May X have heeti attempting to
turn hack the Northern Alliance rebel
armies, was informed by Finance Min
ister Soong that immediate victory
was imperative to prevent grave det
rimental developments within the guv
ft linn-ill
SHANGHAI, May 26 (/P).—The
Nationalist government of C hina to
night faced another crisis menacing
ns safety. President Chiang Kai-shek,
personally commanding the govern
ment forces in flonan province which
since May X have heeti attempting to
turn hack the Northern Alliance rebel
armies, was informed by Finance Min
ister Soong that immediate victory
was imperative to prevent grave det
rimental developments within the guv
ft linn-ill
SHANGHAI, May 26 (/P).—The
Nationalist government of C hina to
night faced another crisis menacing
ns safety. President Chiang Kai-shek,
personally commanding the govern
ment forces in flonan province which
since May X have heeti attempting to
turn hack the Northern Alliance rebel
armies, was informed by Finance Min
ister Soong that immediate victory
was imperative to prevent grave det
rimental developments within the guv
ft linn-ill
SHANGHAI, May 26 (/P).—The
Nationalist government of C hina to
night faced another crisis menacing
ns safety. President Chiang Kai-shek,
personally commanding the govern
ment forces in flonan province which
since May X have heeti attempting to
turn hack the Northern Alliance rebel
armies, was informed by Finance Min
ister Soong that immediate victory
was imperative to prevent grave det
rimental developments within the guv
ft linn-ill
SHANGHAI, May 26 (/P).—The
Nationalist government of C hina to
night faced another crisis menacing
ns safety. President Chiang Kai-shek,
personally commanding the govern
ment forces in flonan province which
since May X have heeti attempting to
turn hack the Northern Alliance rebel
armies, was informed by Finance Min
ister Soong that immediate victory
was imperative to prevent grave det
rimental developments within the guv
ft linn-ill
SHANGHAI, May 26 (/P).—The
Nationalist government of C hina to
night faced another crisis menacing
ns safety. President Chiang Kai-shek,
personally commanding the govern
ment forces in flonan province which
since May X have heeti attempting to
turn hack the Northern Alliance rebel
armies, was informed by Finance Min
ister Soong that immediate victory
was imperative to prevent grave det
rimental developments within the guv
ft linn-ill
SHANGHAI, May 26 (/P).—The
Nationalist government of C hina to
night faced another crisis menacing
ns safety. President Chiang Kai-shek,
personally commanding the govern
ment forces in flonan province which
since May X have heeti attempting to
turn hack the Northern Alliance rebel
armies, was informed by Finance Min
ister Soong that immediate victory
was imperative to prevent grave det
rimental developments within the guv
ft linn-ill
SHANGHAI, May 26 (/P).—The
Nationalist government of C hina to
night faced another crisis menacing
ns safety. President Chiang Kai-shek,
personally commanding the govern
ment forces in flonan province which
since May X have heeti attempting to
turn hack the Northern Alliance rebel
armies, was informed by Finance Min
ister Soong that immediate victory
was imperative to prevent grave det
rimental developments within the guv
ft linn-ill
SHANGHAI, May 26 (/P).—The
Nationalist government of C hina to
night faced another crisis menacing
ns safety. President Chiang Kai-shek,
personally commanding the govern
ment forces in flonan province which
since May X have heeti attempting to
turn hack the Northern Alliance rebel
armies, was informed by Finance Min
ister Soong that immediate victory
was imperative to prevent grave det
rimental developments within the guv
ft linn-ill
SHANGHAI, May 26 (/P).—The
Nationalist government of C hina to
night faced another crisis menacing
ns safety. President Chiang Kai-shek,
personally commanding the govern
ment forces in flonan province which
since May X have heeti attempting to
turn hack the Northern Alliance rebel
armies, was informed by Finance Min
ister Soong that immediate victory
was imperative to prevent grave det
rimental developments within the guv
ft linn-ill
SHANGHAI, May 26 (/P).—The
Nationalist government of C hina to
night faced another crisis menacing
ns safety. President Chiang Kai-shek,
personally commanding the govern
ment forces in flonan province which
since May X have heeti attempting to
turn hack the Northern Alliance rebel
armies, was informed by Finance Min
ister Soong that immediate victory
was imperative to prevent grave det
rimental developments within the guv
ft linn-ill
SHANGHAI, May 26 (/P).—The
Nationalist government of C hina to
night faced another crisis menacing
ns safety. President Chiang Kai-shek,
personally commanding the govern
ment forces in flonan province which
since May X have heeti attempting to
turn hack the Northern Alliance rebel
armies, was informed by Finance Min
ister Soong that immediate victory
was imperative to prevent grave det
rimental developments within the guv
ft linn-ill
