# GETTING DOWN TO BUSINESS
## 
### 

Jack Sharkey rests between rounds during his training grind at
Orangeburg, N. Y., where he is preparing for his heavyweight cham
pionship bout with Max Schmelinq of Germany.

Jack Sharkey rests between rounds during his training grind at
Orangeburg, N. Y., where he is preparing for his heavyweight cham
pionship bout with Max Schmelinq of Germany.

Jack Sharkey rests between rounds during his training grind at
Orangeburg, N. Y., where he is preparing for his heavyweight cham
pionship bout with Max Schmelinq of Germany.

Jack Sharkey rests between rounds during his training grind at
Orangeburg, N. Y., where he is preparing for his heavyweight cham
pionship bout with Max Schmelinq of Germany.

Jack Sharkey rests between rounds during his training grind at
Orangeburg, N. Y., where he is preparing for his heavyweight cham
pionship bout with Max Schmelinq of Germany.

Jack Sharkey rests between rounds during his training grind at
Orangeburg, N. Y., where he is preparing for his heavyweight cham
pionship bout with Max Schmelinq of Germany.

Jack Sharkey rests between rounds during his training grind at
Orangeburg, N. Y., where he is preparing for his heavyweight cham
pionship bout with Max Schmelinq of Germany.

Jack Sharkey rests between rounds during his training grind at
Orangeburg, N. Y., where he is preparing for his heavyweight cham
pionship bout with Max Schmelinq of Germany.

Jack Sharkey rests between rounds during his training grind at
Orangeburg, N. Y., where he is preparing for his heavyweight cham
pionship bout with Max Schmelinq of Germany.

Jack Sharkey rests between rounds during his training grind at
Orangeburg, N. Y., where he is preparing for his heavyweight cham
pionship bout with Max Schmelinq of Germany.

Jack Sharkey rests between rounds during his training grind at
Orangeburg, N. Y., where he is preparing for his heavyweight cham
pionship bout with Max Schmelinq of Germany.

Jack Sharkey rests between rounds during his training grind at
Orangeburg, N. Y., where he is preparing for his heavyweight cham
pionship bout with Max Schmelinq of Germany.

Jack Sharkey rests between rounds during his training grind at
Orangeburg, N. Y., where he is preparing for his heavyweight cham
pionship bout with Max Schmelinq of Germany.

Jack Sharkey rests between rounds during his training grind at
Orangeburg, N. Y., where he is preparing for his heavyweight cham
pionship bout with Max Schmelinq of Germany.
