# FEATURE MATCHES IN BRITAIN
## 
### 

"Matches between Leo Diegel (left). American professional champion,
Abe Mitchell, British pro, are followed with much interest in Eng
land. Mitchell, a prime favorite in England, was defeated in his first
brush with the American at Moor Park. ;

"Matches between Leo Diegel (left). American professional champion,
Abe Mitchell, British pro, are followed with much interest in Eng
land. Mitchell, a prime favorite in England, was defeated in his first
brush with the American at Moor Park. ;

"Matches between Leo Diegel (left). American professional champion,
Abe Mitchell, British pro, are followed with much interest in Eng
land. Mitchell, a prime favorite in England, was defeated in his first
brush with the American at Moor Park. ;

"Matches between Leo Diegel (left). American professional champion,
Abe Mitchell, British pro, are followed with much interest in Eng
land. Mitchell, a prime favorite in England, was defeated in his first
brush with the American at Moor Park. ;

"Matches between Leo Diegel (left). American professional champion,
Abe Mitchell, British pro, are followed with much interest in Eng
land. Mitchell, a prime favorite in England, was defeated in his first
brush with the American at Moor Park. ;

"Matches between Leo Diegel (left). American professional champion,
Abe Mitchell, British pro, are followed with much interest in Eng
land. Mitchell, a prime favorite in England, was defeated in his first
brush with the American at Moor Park. ;

"Matches between Leo Diegel (left). American professional champion,
Abe Mitchell, British pro, are followed with much interest in Eng
land. Mitchell, a prime favorite in England, was defeated in his first
brush with the American at Moor Park. ;

"Matches between Leo Diegel (left). American professional champion,
Abe Mitchell, British pro, are followed with much interest in Eng
land. Mitchell, a prime favorite in England, was defeated in his first
brush with the American at Moor Park. ;

"Matches between Leo Diegel (left). American professional champion,
Abe Mitchell, British pro, are followed with much interest in Eng
land. Mitchell, a prime favorite in England, was defeated in his first
brush with the American at Moor Park. ;

"Matches between Leo Diegel (left). American professional champion,
Abe Mitchell, British pro, are followed with much interest in Eng
land. Mitchell, a prime favorite in England, was defeated in his first
brush with the American at Moor Park. ;

"Matches between Leo Diegel (left). American professional champion,
Abe Mitchell, British pro, are followed with much interest in Eng
land. Mitchell, a prime favorite in England, was defeated in his first
brush with the American at Moor Park. ;

"Matches between Leo Diegel (left). American professional champion,
Abe Mitchell, British pro, are followed with much interest in Eng
land. Mitchell, a prime favorite in England, was defeated in his first
brush with the American at Moor Park. ;

"Matches between Leo Diegel (left). American professional champion,
Abe Mitchell, British pro, are followed with much interest in Eng
land. Mitchell, a prime favorite in England, was defeated in his first
brush with the American at Moor Park. ;

"Matches between Leo Diegel (left). American professional champion,
Abe Mitchell, British pro, are followed with much interest in Eng
land. Mitchell, a prime favorite in England, was defeated in his first
brush with the American at Moor Park. ;
