# GEORGE J. PRESLEY, '07, IS NEW ALUMNI ASSOCIATION HEAD
## 
### 
Officers for the coming year were
elected at the annual meeting of the
Alumni Association held Saturday
morning at Stanford. George J. Pres
ley, '07, of San Francisco, is the new
president, Mrs. Mildred Hayes Roth,
'11, of San Francisco, vice-president;
John E. McDowell, '00, Stanford Uni
versity, secretary-treasurer. Eugene
F. Kern, '19, of San Francisco, is the
chairman of the executive committee,
while its members are Elmer R. Ames,
'16, San Francisco; Harold D. Weber,
'17, Oakland, and Edward D. Nolan,
'17, of San Francisco. The incoming
advisory board is composed of Chaun
cey T. Keefer, '19, San Francisco,
Girard N. Richardson, '09, Oakland,
and Mrs. Carol Green Wilson, '14, of
Palo Alto.
An important amendment to the con
stitution of the association was made,
whereby all former students of Stan

ford are eligible to associate member
ship in the association. Heretofore,
only those students who had received
a degree were eligible, but under the
amendment, any former student can
become a member.
Officers for the coming year were
elected at the annual meeting of the
Alumni Association held Saturday
morning at Stanford. George J. Pres
ley, '07, of San Francisco, is the new
president, Mrs. Mildred Hayes Roth,
'11, of San Francisco, vice-president;
John E. McDowell, '00, Stanford Uni
versity, secretary-treasurer. Eugene
F. Kern, '19, of San Francisco, is the
chairman of the executive committee,
while its members are Elmer R. Ames,
'16, San Francisco; Harold D. Weber,
'17, Oakland, and Edward D. Nolan,
'17, of San Francisco. The incoming
advisory board is composed of Chaun
cey T. Keefer, '19, San Francisco,
Girard N. Richardson, '09, Oakland,
and Mrs. Carol Green Wilson, '14, of
Palo Alto.
An important amendment to the con
stitution of the association was made,
whereby all former students of Stan

ford are eligible to associate member
ship in the association. Heretofore,
only those students who had received
a degree were eligible, but under the
amendment, any former student can
become a member.
Officers for the coming year were
elected at the annual meeting of the
Alumni Association held Saturday
morning at Stanford. George J. Pres
ley, '07, of San Francisco, is the new
president, Mrs. Mildred Hayes Roth,
'11, of San Francisco, vice-president;
John E. McDowell, '00, Stanford Uni
versity, secretary-treasurer. Eugene
F. Kern, '19, of San Francisco, is the
chairman of the executive committee,
while its members are Elmer R. Ames,
'16, San Francisco; Harold D. Weber,
'17, Oakland, and Edward D. Nolan,
'17, of San Francisco. The incoming
advisory board is composed of Chaun
cey T. Keefer, '19, San Francisco,
Girard N. Richardson, '09, Oakland,
and Mrs. Carol Green Wilson, '14, of
Palo Alto.
An important amendment to the con
stitution of the association was made,
whereby all former students of Stan

ford are eligible to associate member
ship in the association. Heretofore,
only those students who had received
a degree were eligible, but under the
amendment, any former student can
become a member.
Officers for the coming year were
elected at the annual meeting of the
Alumni Association held Saturday
morning at Stanford. George J. Pres
ley, '07, of San Francisco, is the new
president, Mrs. Mildred Hayes Roth,
'11, of San Francisco, vice-president;
John E. McDowell, '00, Stanford Uni
versity, secretary-treasurer. Eugene
F. Kern, '19, of San Francisco, is the
chairman of the executive committee,
while its members are Elmer R. Ames,
'16, San Francisco; Harold D. Weber,
'17, Oakland, and Edward D. Nolan,
'17, of San Francisco. The incoming
advisory board is composed of Chaun
cey T. Keefer, '19, San Francisco,
Girard N. Richardson, '09, Oakland,
and Mrs. Carol Green Wilson, '14, of
Palo Alto.
An important amendment to the con
stitution of the association was made,
whereby all former students of Stan

ford are eligible to associate member
ship in the association. Heretofore,
only those students who had received
a degree were eligible, but under the
amendment, any former student can
become a member.
Officers for the coming year were
elected at the annual meeting of the
Alumni Association held Saturday
morning at Stanford. George J. Pres
ley, '07, of San Francisco, is the new
president, Mrs. Mildred Hayes Roth,
'11, of San Francisco, vice-president;
John E. McDowell, '00, Stanford Uni
versity, secretary-treasurer. Eugene
F. Kern, '19, of San Francisco, is the
chairman of the executive committee,
while its members are Elmer R. Ames,
'16, San Francisco; Harold D. Weber,
'17, Oakland, and Edward D. Nolan,
'17, of San Francisco. The incoming
advisory board is composed of Chaun
cey T. Keefer, '19, San Francisco,
Girard N. Richardson, '09, Oakland,
and Mrs. Carol Green Wilson, '14, of
Palo Alto.
An important amendment to the con
stitution of the association was made,
whereby all former students of Stan

ford are eligible to associate member
ship in the association. Heretofore,
only those students who had received
a degree were eligible, but under the
amendment, any former student can
become a member.
Officers for the coming year were
elected at the annual meeting of the
Alumni Association held Saturday
morning at Stanford. George J. Pres
ley, '07, of San Francisco, is the new
president, Mrs. Mildred Hayes Roth,
'11, of San Francisco, vice-president;
John E. McDowell, '00, Stanford Uni
versity, secretary-treasurer. Eugene
F. Kern, '19, of San Francisco, is the
chairman of the executive committee,
while its members are Elmer R. Ames,
'16, San Francisco; Harold D. Weber,
'17, Oakland, and Edward D. Nolan,
'17, of San Francisco. The incoming
advisory board is composed of Chaun
cey T. Keefer, '19, San Francisco,
Girard N. Richardson, '09, Oakland,
and Mrs. Carol Green Wilson, '14, of
Palo Alto.
An important amendment to the con
stitution of the association was made,
whereby all former students of Stan

ford are eligible to associate member
ship in the association. Heretofore,
only those students who had received
a degree were eligible, but under the
amendment, any former student can
become a member.
Officers for the coming year were
elected at the annual meeting of the
Alumni Association held Saturday
morning at Stanford. George J. Pres
ley, '07, of San Francisco, is the new
president, Mrs. Mildred Hayes Roth,
'11, of San Francisco, vice-president;
John E. McDowell, '00, Stanford Uni
versity, secretary-treasurer. Eugene
F. Kern, '19, of San Francisco, is the
chairman of the executive committee,
while its members are Elmer R. Ames,
'16, San Francisco; Harold D. Weber,
'17, Oakland, and Edward D. Nolan,
'17, of San Francisco. The incoming
advisory board is composed of Chaun
cey T. Keefer, '19, San Francisco,
Girard N. Richardson, '09, Oakland,
and Mrs. Carol Green Wilson, '14, of
Palo Alto.
An important amendment to the con
stitution of the association was made,
whereby all former students of Stan

ford are eligible to associate member
ship in the association. Heretofore,
only those students who had received
a degree were eligible, but under the
amendment, any former student can
become a member.
Officers for the coming year were
elected at the annual meeting of the
Alumni Association held Saturday
morning at Stanford. George J. Pres
ley, '07, of San Francisco, is the new
president, Mrs. Mildred Hayes Roth,
'11, of San Francisco, vice-president;
John E. McDowell, '00, Stanford Uni
versity, secretary-treasurer. Eugene
F. Kern, '19, of San Francisco, is the
chairman of the executive committee,
while its members are Elmer R. Ames,
'16, San Francisco; Harold D. Weber,
'17, Oakland, and Edward D. Nolan,
'17, of San Francisco. The incoming
advisory board is composed of Chaun
cey T. Keefer, '19, San Francisco,
Girard N. Richardson, '09, Oakland,
and Mrs. Carol Green Wilson, '14, of
Palo Alto.
An important amendment to the con
stitution of the association was made,
whereby all former students of Stan

ford are eligible to associate member
ship in the association. Heretofore,
only those students who had received
a degree were eligible, but under the
amendment, any former student can
become a member.
Officers for the coming year were
elected at the annual meeting of the
Alumni Association held Saturday
morning at Stanford. George J. Pres
ley, '07, of San Francisco, is the new
president, Mrs. Mildred Hayes Roth,
'11, of San Francisco, vice-president;
John E. McDowell, '00, Stanford Uni
versity, secretary-treasurer. Eugene
F. Kern, '19, of San Francisco, is the
chairman of the executive committee,
while its members are Elmer R. Ames,
'16, San Francisco; Harold D. Weber,
'17, Oakland, and Edward D. Nolan,
'17, of San Francisco. The incoming
advisory board is composed of Chaun
cey T. Keefer, '19, San Francisco,
Girard N. Richardson, '09, Oakland,
and Mrs. Carol Green Wilson, '14, of
Palo Alto.
An important amendment to the con
stitution of the association was made,
whereby all former students of Stan

ford are eligible to associate member
ship in the association. Heretofore,
only those students who had received
a degree were eligible, but under the
amendment, any former student can
become a member.
Officers for the coming year were
elected at the annual meeting of the
Alumni Association held Saturday
morning at Stanford. George J. Pres
ley, '07, of San Francisco, is the new
president, Mrs. Mildred Hayes Roth,
'11, of San Francisco, vice-president;
John E. McDowell, '00, Stanford Uni
versity, secretary-treasurer. Eugene
F. Kern, '19, of San Francisco, is the
chairman of the executive committee,
while its members are Elmer R. Ames,
'16, San Francisco; Harold D. Weber,
'17, Oakland, and Edward D. Nolan,
'17, of San Francisco. The incoming
advisory board is composed of Chaun
cey T. Keefer, '19, San Francisco,
Girard N. Richardson, '09, Oakland,
and Mrs. Carol Green Wilson, '14, of
Palo Alto.
An important amendment to the con
stitution of the association was made,
whereby all former students of Stan

ford are eligible to associate member
ship in the association. Heretofore,
only those students who had received
a degree were eligible, but under the
amendment, any former student can
become a member.
Officers for the coming year were
elected at the annual meeting of the
Alumni Association held Saturday
morning at Stanford. George J. Pres
ley, '07, of San Francisco, is the new
president, Mrs. Mildred Hayes Roth,
'11, of San Francisco, vice-president;
John E. McDowell, '00, Stanford Uni
versity, secretary-treasurer. Eugene
F. Kern, '19, of San Francisco, is the
chairman of the executive committee,
while its members are Elmer R. Ames,
'16, San Francisco; Harold D. Weber,
'17, Oakland, and Edward D. Nolan,
'17, of San Francisco. The incoming
advisory board is composed of Chaun
cey T. Keefer, '19, San Francisco,
Girard N. Richardson, '09, Oakland,
and Mrs. Carol Green Wilson, '14, of
Palo Alto.
An important amendment to the con
stitution of the association was made,
whereby all former students of Stan

ford are eligible to associate member
ship in the association. Heretofore,
only those students who had received
a degree were eligible, but under the
amendment, any former student can
become a member.
Officers for the coming year were
elected at the annual meeting of the
Alumni Association held Saturday
morning at Stanford. George J. Pres
ley, '07, of San Francisco, is the new
president, Mrs. Mildred Hayes Roth,
'11, of San Francisco, vice-president;
John E. McDowell, '00, Stanford Uni
versity, secretary-treasurer. Eugene
F. Kern, '19, of San Francisco, is the
chairman of the executive committee,
while its members are Elmer R. Ames,
'16, San Francisco; Harold D. Weber,
'17, Oakland, and Edward D. Nolan,
'17, of San Francisco. The incoming
advisory board is composed of Chaun
cey T. Keefer, '19, San Francisco,
Girard N. Richardson, '09, Oakland,
and Mrs. Carol Green Wilson, '14, of
Palo Alto.
An important amendment to the con
stitution of the association was made,
whereby all former students of Stan

ford are eligible to associate member
ship in the association. Heretofore,
only those students who had received
a degree were eligible, but under the
amendment, any former student can
become a member.
