# TWO STANFORD MEN TO REPORT CONVENTION
## 
### 
Among the correspondents who have
arrived in San Francisco to report
the Democratic National Convention
for their papers are two Stanford men
who have won reputation in journal
ism. James R. Nourse, '97, of the
International News Service, and
Thoreau Cronyn, '03, star reporter of
the New York Sun.
Among the correspondents who have
arrived in San Francisco to report
the Democratic National Convention
for their papers are two Stanford men
who have won reputation in journal
ism. James R. Nourse, '97, of the
International News Service, and
Thoreau Cronyn, '03, star reporter of
the New York Sun.
Among the correspondents who have
arrived in San Francisco to report
the Democratic National Convention
for their papers are two Stanford men
who have won reputation in journal
ism. James R. Nourse, '97, of the
International News Service, and
Thoreau Cronyn, '03, star reporter of
the New York Sun.
Among the correspondents who have
arrived in San Francisco to report
the Democratic National Convention
for their papers are two Stanford men
who have won reputation in journal
ism. James R. Nourse, '97, of the
International News Service, and
Thoreau Cronyn, '03, star reporter of
the New York Sun.
Among the correspondents who have
arrived in San Francisco to report
the Democratic National Convention
for their papers are two Stanford men
who have won reputation in journal
ism. James R. Nourse, '97, of the
International News Service, and
Thoreau Cronyn, '03, star reporter of
the New York Sun.
Among the correspondents who have
arrived in San Francisco to report
the Democratic National Convention
for their papers are two Stanford men
who have won reputation in journal
ism. James R. Nourse, '97, of the
International News Service, and
Thoreau Cronyn, '03, star reporter of
the New York Sun.
Among the correspondents who have
arrived in San Francisco to report
the Democratic National Convention
for their papers are two Stanford men
who have won reputation in journal
ism. James R. Nourse, '97, of the
International News Service, and
Thoreau Cronyn, '03, star reporter of
the New York Sun.
Among the correspondents who have
arrived in San Francisco to report
the Democratic National Convention
for their papers are two Stanford men
who have won reputation in journal
ism. James R. Nourse, '97, of the
International News Service, and
Thoreau Cronyn, '03, star reporter of
the New York Sun.
Among the correspondents who have
arrived in San Francisco to report
the Democratic National Convention
for their papers are two Stanford men
who have won reputation in journal
ism. James R. Nourse, '97, of the
International News Service, and
Thoreau Cronyn, '03, star reporter of
the New York Sun.
Among the correspondents who have
arrived in San Francisco to report
the Democratic National Convention
for their papers are two Stanford men
who have won reputation in journal
ism. James R. Nourse, '97, of the
International News Service, and
Thoreau Cronyn, '03, star reporter of
the New York Sun.
Among the correspondents who have
arrived in San Francisco to report
the Democratic National Convention
for their papers are two Stanford men
who have won reputation in journal
ism. James R. Nourse, '97, of the
International News Service, and
Thoreau Cronyn, '03, star reporter of
the New York Sun.
Among the correspondents who have
arrived in San Francisco to report
the Democratic National Convention
for their papers are two Stanford men
who have won reputation in journal
ism. James R. Nourse, '97, of the
International News Service, and
Thoreau Cronyn, '03, star reporter of
the New York Sun.
