# Adv. 8 Page 3
## 
### 
THE GIF I You Alone
Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
- • -
I
Sizes and prices
to suit all
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIF I You Alone
Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
- • -
I
Sizes and prices
to suit all
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIF I You Alone
Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
- • -
I
Sizes and prices
to suit all
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIF I You Alone
Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
- • -
I
Sizes and prices
to suit all
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIF I You Alone
Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
- • -
I
Sizes and prices
to suit all
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIF I You Alone
Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
- • -
I
Sizes and prices
to suit all
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIF I You Alone
Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
- • -
I
Sizes and prices
to suit all
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIF I You Alone
Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
- • -
I
Sizes and prices
to suit all
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIF I You Alone
Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
- • -
I
Sizes and prices
to suit all
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIF I You Alone
Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
- • -
I
Sizes and prices
to suit all
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIF I You Alone
Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
- • -
I
Sizes and prices
to suit all
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIF I You Alone
Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
- • -
I
Sizes and prices
to suit all
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIF I You Alone
Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
- • -
I
Sizes and prices
to suit all
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIF I You Alone
Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
- • -
I
Sizes and prices
to suit all
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
THE GIF I You Alone
Can Give
. . . And one that
carries the true sen
timent of Christmas
YOUR
PORTRAIT
- • -
I
Sizes and prices
to suit all
Studio—s33 Ramona Street
Phone 8189
