# Cuadro, Toro And Tigre Pose Today
## 
### 
Members of Els Cuadro, Tigre and
Toro will face the camera today at
Watson Studios' campus shop across
the street from the Daily office.
Hours are 9 to 12 and 1 to 4:30. A
photographic fee of 50 cents will be
charged.
Completion of photography of
members of all eating clubs and Zeta
Psi and Sigma Nu fraternities will
take up the first four days of next
week, ending on Thursday.
The glee club in full dress will be
photographed at 10 o'clock Sunday
morning in front of the Assembly
Hall. This will be the only group
picture until the first of next week.
Seniors are asked to call for their
proofs at the studio. No picture can
be placed into the Quad until the
proofs are examined and the picture
chosen.
Continuation of Quad sales is
scheduled for this morning and first
part of the afternoon at the Engi
neering corner. Free windshield
stickers will again be distributed.
About 50 copies of the aerial views
of the campus still remain unsold.
These views, formerly selling at 50
cents, may be purchased from the
Quad salesmen for 10 cents.
Members of Els Cuadro, Tigre and
Toro will face the camera today at
Watson Studios' campus shop across
the street from the Daily office.
Hours are 9 to 12 and 1 to 4:30. A
photographic fee of 50 cents will be
charged.
Completion of photography of
members of all eating clubs and Zeta
Psi and Sigma Nu fraternities will
take up the first four days of next
week, ending on Thursday.
The glee club in full dress will be
photographed at 10 o'clock Sunday
morning in front of the Assembly
Hall. This will be the only group
picture until the first of next week.
Seniors are asked to call for their
proofs at the studio. No picture can
be placed into the Quad until the
proofs are examined and the picture
chosen.
Continuation of Quad sales is
scheduled for this morning and first
part of the afternoon at the Engi
neering corner. Free windshield
stickers will again be distributed.
About 50 copies of the aerial views
of the campus still remain unsold.
These views, formerly selling at 50
cents, may be purchased from the
Quad salesmen for 10 cents.
Members of Els Cuadro, Tigre and
Toro will face the camera today at
Watson Studios' campus shop across
the street from the Daily office.
Hours are 9 to 12 and 1 to 4:30. A
photographic fee of 50 cents will be
charged.
Completion of photography of
members of all eating clubs and Zeta
Psi and Sigma Nu fraternities will
take up the first four days of next
week, ending on Thursday.
The glee club in full dress will be
photographed at 10 o'clock Sunday
morning in front of the Assembly
Hall. This will be the only group
picture until the first of next week.
Seniors are asked to call for their
proofs at the studio. No picture can
be placed into the Quad until the
proofs are examined and the picture
chosen.
Continuation of Quad sales is
scheduled for this morning and first
part of the afternoon at the Engi
neering corner. Free windshield
stickers will again be distributed.
About 50 copies of the aerial views
of the campus still remain unsold.
These views, formerly selling at 50
cents, may be purchased from the
Quad salesmen for 10 cents.
Members of Els Cuadro, Tigre and
Toro will face the camera today at
Watson Studios' campus shop across
the street from the Daily office.
Hours are 9 to 12 and 1 to 4:30. A
photographic fee of 50 cents will be
charged.
Completion of photography of
members of all eating clubs and Zeta
Psi and Sigma Nu fraternities will
take up the first four days of next
week, ending on Thursday.
The glee club in full dress will be
photographed at 10 o'clock Sunday
morning in front of the Assembly
Hall. This will be the only group
picture until the first of next week.
Seniors are asked to call for their
proofs at the studio. No picture can
be placed into the Quad until the
proofs are examined and the picture
chosen.
Continuation of Quad sales is
scheduled for this morning and first
part of the afternoon at the Engi
neering corner. Free windshield
stickers will again be distributed.
About 50 copies of the aerial views
of the campus still remain unsold.
These views, formerly selling at 50
cents, may be purchased from the
Quad salesmen for 10 cents.
Members of Els Cuadro, Tigre and
Toro will face the camera today at
Watson Studios' campus shop across
the street from the Daily office.
Hours are 9 to 12 and 1 to 4:30. A
photographic fee of 50 cents will be
charged.
Completion of photography of
members of all eating clubs and Zeta
Psi and Sigma Nu fraternities will
take up the first four days of next
week, ending on Thursday.
The glee club in full dress will be
photographed at 10 o'clock Sunday
morning in front of the Assembly
Hall. This will be the only group
picture until the first of next week.
Seniors are asked to call for their
proofs at the studio. No picture can
be placed into the Quad until the
proofs are examined and the picture
chosen.
Continuation of Quad sales is
scheduled for this morning and first
part of the afternoon at the Engi
neering corner. Free windshield
stickers will again be distributed.
About 50 copies of the aerial views
of the campus still remain unsold.
These views, formerly selling at 50
cents, may be purchased from the
Quad salesmen for 10 cents.
Members of Els Cuadro, Tigre and
Toro will face the camera today at
Watson Studios' campus shop across
the street from the Daily office.
Hours are 9 to 12 and 1 to 4:30. A
photographic fee of 50 cents will be
charged.
Completion of photography of
members of all eating clubs and Zeta
Psi and Sigma Nu fraternities will
take up the first four days of next
week, ending on Thursday.
The glee club in full dress will be
photographed at 10 o'clock Sunday
morning in front of the Assembly
Hall. This will be the only group
picture until the first of next week.
Seniors are asked to call for their
proofs at the studio. No picture can
be placed into the Quad until the
proofs are examined and the picture
chosen.
Continuation of Quad sales is
scheduled for this morning and first
part of the afternoon at the Engi
neering corner. Free windshield
stickers will again be distributed.
About 50 copies of the aerial views
of the campus still remain unsold.
These views, formerly selling at 50
cents, may be purchased from the
Quad salesmen for 10 cents.
Members of Els Cuadro, Tigre and
Toro will face the camera today at
Watson Studios' campus shop across
the street from the Daily office.
Hours are 9 to 12 and 1 to 4:30. A
photographic fee of 50 cents will be
charged.
Completion of photography of
members of all eating clubs and Zeta
Psi and Sigma Nu fraternities will
take up the first four days of next
week, ending on Thursday.
The glee club in full dress will be
photographed at 10 o'clock Sunday
morning in front of the Assembly
Hall. This will be the only group
picture until the first of next week.
Seniors are asked to call for their
proofs at the studio. No picture can
be placed into the Quad until the
proofs are examined and the picture
chosen.
Continuation of Quad sales is
scheduled for this morning and first
part of the afternoon at the Engi
neering corner. Free windshield
stickers will again be distributed.
About 50 copies of the aerial views
of the campus still remain unsold.
These views, formerly selling at 50
cents, may be purchased from the
Quad salesmen for 10 cents.
Members of Els Cuadro, Tigre and
Toro will face the camera today at
Watson Studios' campus shop across
the street from the Daily office.
Hours are 9 to 12 and 1 to 4:30. A
photographic fee of 50 cents will be
charged.
Completion of photography of
members of all eating clubs and Zeta
Psi and Sigma Nu fraternities will
take up the first four days of next
week, ending on Thursday.
The glee club in full dress will be
photographed at 10 o'clock Sunday
morning in front of the Assembly
Hall. This will be the only group
picture until the first of next week.
Seniors are asked to call for their
proofs at the studio. No picture can
be placed into the Quad until the
proofs are examined and the picture
chosen.
Continuation of Quad sales is
scheduled for this morning and first
part of the afternoon at the Engi
neering corner. Free windshield
stickers will again be distributed.
About 50 copies of the aerial views
of the campus still remain unsold.
These views, formerly selling at 50
cents, may be purchased from the
Quad salesmen for 10 cents.
Members of Els Cuadro, Tigre and
Toro will face the camera today at
Watson Studios' campus shop across
the street from the Daily office.
Hours are 9 to 12 and 1 to 4:30. A
photographic fee of 50 cents will be
charged.
Completion of photography of
members of all eating clubs and Zeta
Psi and Sigma Nu fraternities will
take up the first four days of next
week, ending on Thursday.
The glee club in full dress will be
photographed at 10 o'clock Sunday
morning in front of the Assembly
Hall. This will be the only group
picture until the first of next week.
Seniors are asked to call for their
proofs at the studio. No picture can
be placed into the Quad until the
proofs are examined and the picture
chosen.
Continuation of Quad sales is
scheduled for this morning and first
part of the afternoon at the Engi
neering corner. Free windshield
stickers will again be distributed.
About 50 copies of the aerial views
of the campus still remain unsold.
These views, formerly selling at 50
cents, may be purchased from the
Quad salesmen for 10 cents.
Members of Els Cuadro, Tigre and
Toro will face the camera today at
Watson Studios' campus shop across
the street from the Daily office.
Hours are 9 to 12 and 1 to 4:30. A
photographic fee of 50 cents will be
charged.
Completion of photography of
members of all eating clubs and Zeta
Psi and Sigma Nu fraternities will
take up the first four days of next
week, ending on Thursday.
The glee club in full dress will be
photographed at 10 o'clock Sunday
morning in front of the Assembly
Hall. This will be the only group
picture until the first of next week.
Seniors are asked to call for their
proofs at the studio. No picture can
be placed into the Quad until the
proofs are examined and the picture
chosen.
Continuation of Quad sales is
scheduled for this morning and first
part of the afternoon at the Engi
neering corner. Free windshield
stickers will again be distributed.
About 50 copies of the aerial views
of the campus still remain unsold.
These views, formerly selling at 50
cents, may be purchased from the
Quad salesmen for 10 cents.
Members of Els Cuadro, Tigre and
Toro will face the camera today at
Watson Studios' campus shop across
the street from the Daily office.
Hours are 9 to 12 and 1 to 4:30. A
photographic fee of 50 cents will be
charged.
Completion of photography of
members of all eating clubs and Zeta
Psi and Sigma Nu fraternities will
take up the first four days of next
week, ending on Thursday.
The glee club in full dress will be
photographed at 10 o'clock Sunday
morning in front of the Assembly
Hall. This will be the only group
picture until the first of next week.
Seniors are asked to call for their
proofs at the studio. No picture can
be placed into the Quad until the
proofs are examined and the picture
chosen.
Continuation of Quad sales is
scheduled for this morning and first
part of the afternoon at the Engi
neering corner. Free windshield
stickers will again be distributed.
About 50 copies of the aerial views
of the campus still remain unsold.
These views, formerly selling at 50
cents, may be purchased from the
Quad salesmen for 10 cents.
Members of Els Cuadro, Tigre and
Toro will face the camera today at
Watson Studios' campus shop across
the street from the Daily office.
Hours are 9 to 12 and 1 to 4:30. A
photographic fee of 50 cents will be
charged.
Completion of photography of
members of all eating clubs and Zeta
Psi and Sigma Nu fraternities will
take up the first four days of next
week, ending on Thursday.
The glee club in full dress will be
photographed at 10 o'clock Sunday
morning in front of the Assembly
Hall. This will be the only group
picture until the first of next week.
Seniors are asked to call for their
proofs at the studio. No picture can
be placed into the Quad until the
proofs are examined and the picture
chosen.
Continuation of Quad sales is
scheduled for this morning and first
part of the afternoon at the Engi
neering corner. Free windshield
stickers will again be distributed.
About 50 copies of the aerial views
of the campus still remain unsold.
These views, formerly selling at 50
cents, may be purchased from the
Quad salesmen for 10 cents.
Members of Els Cuadro, Tigre and
Toro will face the camera today at
Watson Studios' campus shop across
the street from the Daily office.
Hours are 9 to 12 and 1 to 4:30. A
photographic fee of 50 cents will be
charged.
Completion of photography of
members of all eating clubs and Zeta
Psi and Sigma Nu fraternities will
take up the first four days of next
week, ending on Thursday.
The glee club in full dress will be
photographed at 10 o'clock Sunday
morning in front of the Assembly
Hall. This will be the only group
picture until the first of next week.
Seniors are asked to call for their
proofs at the studio. No picture can
be placed into the Quad until the
proofs are examined and the picture
chosen.
Continuation of Quad sales is
scheduled for this morning and first
part of the afternoon at the Engi
neering corner. Free windshield
stickers will again be distributed.
About 50 copies of the aerial views
of the campus still remain unsold.
These views, formerly selling at 50
cents, may be purchased from the
Quad salesmen for 10 cents.
Members of Els Cuadro, Tigre and
Toro will face the camera today at
Watson Studios' campus shop across
the street from the Daily office.
Hours are 9 to 12 and 1 to 4:30. A
photographic fee of 50 cents will be
charged.
Completion of photography of
members of all eating clubs and Zeta
Psi and Sigma Nu fraternities will
take up the first four days of next
week, ending on Thursday.
The glee club in full dress will be
photographed at 10 o'clock Sunday
morning in front of the Assembly
Hall. This will be the only group
picture until the first of next week.
Seniors are asked to call for their
proofs at the studio. No picture can
be placed into the Quad until the
proofs are examined and the picture
chosen.
Continuation of Quad sales is
scheduled for this morning and first
part of the afternoon at the Engi
neering corner. Free windshield
stickers will again be distributed.
About 50 copies of the aerial views
of the campus still remain unsold.
These views, formerly selling at 50
cents, may be purchased from the
Quad salesmen for 10 cents.
Members of Els Cuadro, Tigre and
Toro will face the camera today at
Watson Studios' campus shop across
the street from the Daily office.
Hours are 9 to 12 and 1 to 4:30. A
photographic fee of 50 cents will be
charged.
Completion of photography of
members of all eating clubs and Zeta
Psi and Sigma Nu fraternities will
take up the first four days of next
week, ending on Thursday.
The glee club in full dress will be
photographed at 10 o'clock Sunday
morning in front of the Assembly
Hall. This will be the only group
picture until the first of next week.
Seniors are asked to call for their
proofs at the studio. No picture can
be placed into the Quad until the
proofs are examined and the picture
chosen.
Continuation of Quad sales is
scheduled for this morning and first
part of the afternoon at the Engi
neering corner. Free windshield
stickers will again be distributed.
About 50 copies of the aerial views
of the campus still remain unsold.
These views, formerly selling at 50
cents, may be purchased from the
Quad salesmen for 10 cents.
