# TREE KILLS YOUTH
## 
### 
EUREKA, Dec. 3.—Gerald Jones,
Crescent City youth, was killed
Wednesday when a tree fell across
the tent in which he was sleeping
near the Kneeland Prairie road.
EUREKA, Dec. 3.—Gerald Jones,
Crescent City youth, was killed
Wednesday when a tree fell across
the tent in which he was sleeping
near the Kneeland Prairie road.
EUREKA, Dec. 3.—Gerald Jones,
Crescent City youth, was killed
Wednesday when a tree fell across
the tent in which he was sleeping
near the Kneeland Prairie road.
EUREKA, Dec. 3.—Gerald Jones,
Crescent City youth, was killed
Wednesday when a tree fell across
the tent in which he was sleeping
near the Kneeland Prairie road.
EUREKA, Dec. 3.—Gerald Jones,
Crescent City youth, was killed
Wednesday when a tree fell across
the tent in which he was sleeping
near the Kneeland Prairie road.
EUREKA, Dec. 3.—Gerald Jones,
Crescent City youth, was killed
Wednesday when a tree fell across
the tent in which he was sleeping
near the Kneeland Prairie road.
EUREKA, Dec. 3.—Gerald Jones,
Crescent City youth, was killed
Wednesday when a tree fell across
the tent in which he was sleeping
near the Kneeland Prairie road.
EUREKA, Dec. 3.—Gerald Jones,
Crescent City youth, was killed
Wednesday when a tree fell across
the tent in which he was sleeping
near the Kneeland Prairie road.
EUREKA, Dec. 3.—Gerald Jones,
Crescent City youth, was killed
Wednesday when a tree fell across
the tent in which he was sleeping
near the Kneeland Prairie road.
EUREKA, Dec. 3.—Gerald Jones,
Crescent City youth, was killed
Wednesday when a tree fell across
the tent in which he was sleeping
near the Kneeland Prairie road.
EUREKA, Dec. 3.—Gerald Jones,
Crescent City youth, was killed
Wednesday when a tree fell across
the tent in which he was sleeping
near the Kneeland Prairie road.
EUREKA, Dec. 3.—Gerald Jones,
Crescent City youth, was killed
Wednesday when a tree fell across
the tent in which he was sleeping
near the Kneeland Prairie road.
EUREKA, Dec. 3.—Gerald Jones,
Crescent City youth, was killed
Wednesday when a tree fell across
the tent in which he was sleeping
near the Kneeland Prairie road.
EUREKA, Dec. 3.—Gerald Jones,
Crescent City youth, was killed
Wednesday when a tree fell across
the tent in which he was sleeping
near the Kneeland Prairie road.
EUREKA, Dec. 3.—Gerald Jones,
Crescent City youth, was killed
Wednesday when a tree fell across
the tent in which he was sleeping
near the Kneeland Prairie road.
