# PRE-REGISTRATION TO CONTINUE TOMORROW
## 
### 
Advance registration for Lower
Division students began yesterday,
and will continue today and tomor
row. Students expected to register
at these times have received notifi
cation of the time and adviser as
signed them through the mail.
Freshmen have been assigned citi
zenship periods through the mail as
well. Programs are filled out at the
advance registration. These are left
with the adviser, and they will ap
pear in the registration books when
the student calls for them on the
regular day for winter quarter reg
istration.
Advance registration for Lower
Division students began yesterday,
and will continue today and tomor
row. Students expected to register
at these times have received notifi
cation of the time and adviser as
signed them through the mail.
Freshmen have been assigned citi
zenship periods through the mail as
well. Programs are filled out at the
advance registration. These are left
with the adviser, and they will ap
pear in the registration books when
the student calls for them on the
regular day for winter quarter reg
istration.
Advance registration for Lower
Division students began yesterday,
and will continue today and tomor
row. Students expected to register
at these times have received notifi
cation of the time and adviser as
signed them through the mail.
Freshmen have been assigned citi
zenship periods through the mail as
well. Programs are filled out at the
advance registration. These are left
with the adviser, and they will ap
pear in the registration books when
the student calls for them on the
regular day for winter quarter reg
istration.
Advance registration for Lower
Division students began yesterday,
and will continue today and tomor
row. Students expected to register
at these times have received notifi
cation of the time and adviser as
signed them through the mail.
Freshmen have been assigned citi
zenship periods through the mail as
well. Programs are filled out at the
advance registration. These are left
with the adviser, and they will ap
pear in the registration books when
the student calls for them on the
regular day for winter quarter reg
istration.
Advance registration for Lower
Division students began yesterday,
and will continue today and tomor
row. Students expected to register
at these times have received notifi
cation of the time and adviser as
signed them through the mail.
Freshmen have been assigned citi
zenship periods through the mail as
well. Programs are filled out at the
advance registration. These are left
with the adviser, and they will ap
pear in the registration books when
the student calls for them on the
regular day for winter quarter reg
istration.
Advance registration for Lower
Division students began yesterday,
and will continue today and tomor
row. Students expected to register
at these times have received notifi
cation of the time and adviser as
signed them through the mail.
Freshmen have been assigned citi
zenship periods through the mail as
well. Programs are filled out at the
advance registration. These are left
with the adviser, and they will ap
pear in the registration books when
the student calls for them on the
regular day for winter quarter reg
istration.
Advance registration for Lower
Division students began yesterday,
and will continue today and tomor
row. Students expected to register
at these times have received notifi
cation of the time and adviser as
signed them through the mail.
Freshmen have been assigned citi
zenship periods through the mail as
well. Programs are filled out at the
advance registration. These are left
with the adviser, and they will ap
pear in the registration books when
the student calls for them on the
regular day for winter quarter reg
istration.
Advance registration for Lower
Division students began yesterday,
and will continue today and tomor
row. Students expected to register
at these times have received notifi
cation of the time and adviser as
signed them through the mail.
Freshmen have been assigned citi
zenship periods through the mail as
well. Programs are filled out at the
advance registration. These are left
with the adviser, and they will ap
pear in the registration books when
the student calls for them on the
regular day for winter quarter reg
istration.
Advance registration for Lower
Division students began yesterday,
and will continue today and tomor
row. Students expected to register
at these times have received notifi
cation of the time and adviser as
signed them through the mail.
Freshmen have been assigned citi
zenship periods through the mail as
well. Programs are filled out at the
advance registration. These are left
with the adviser, and they will ap
pear in the registration books when
the student calls for them on the
regular day for winter quarter reg
istration.
Advance registration for Lower
Division students began yesterday,
and will continue today and tomor
row. Students expected to register
at these times have received notifi
cation of the time and adviser as
signed them through the mail.
Freshmen have been assigned citi
zenship periods through the mail as
well. Programs are filled out at the
advance registration. These are left
with the adviser, and they will ap
pear in the registration books when
the student calls for them on the
regular day for winter quarter reg
istration.
Advance registration for Lower
Division students began yesterday,
and will continue today and tomor
row. Students expected to register
at these times have received notifi
cation of the time and adviser as
signed them through the mail.
Freshmen have been assigned citi
zenship periods through the mail as
well. Programs are filled out at the
advance registration. These are left
with the adviser, and they will ap
pear in the registration books when
the student calls for them on the
regular day for winter quarter reg
istration.
Advance registration for Lower
Division students began yesterday,
and will continue today and tomor
row. Students expected to register
at these times have received notifi
cation of the time and adviser as
signed them through the mail.
Freshmen have been assigned citi
zenship periods through the mail as
well. Programs are filled out at the
advance registration. These are left
with the adviser, and they will ap
pear in the registration books when
the student calls for them on the
regular day for winter quarter reg
istration.
Advance registration for Lower
Division students began yesterday,
and will continue today and tomor
row. Students expected to register
at these times have received notifi
cation of the time and adviser as
signed them through the mail.
Freshmen have been assigned citi
zenship periods through the mail as
well. Programs are filled out at the
advance registration. These are left
with the adviser, and they will ap
pear in the registration books when
the student calls for them on the
regular day for winter quarter reg
istration.
Advance registration for Lower
Division students began yesterday,
and will continue today and tomor
row. Students expected to register
at these times have received notifi
cation of the time and adviser as
signed them through the mail.
Freshmen have been assigned citi
zenship periods through the mail as
well. Programs are filled out at the
advance registration. These are left
with the adviser, and they will ap
pear in the registration books when
the student calls for them on the
regular day for winter quarter reg
istration.
Advance registration for Lower
Division students began yesterday,
and will continue today and tomor
row. Students expected to register
at these times have received notifi
cation of the time and adviser as
signed them through the mail.
Freshmen have been assigned citi
zenship periods through the mail as
well. Programs are filled out at the
advance registration. These are left
with the adviser, and they will ap
pear in the registration books when
the student calls for them on the
regular day for winter quarter reg
istration.
