# GOVERNMENT WILL SPONSOR RESEARCH IN PUBLIC HEALTH
## 
### 
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 3. (/P) — The
greatest research ever undertaken
into cancer, common colds, heart
disease, flue, pneumonia, and infan
tile paralysis is about to be spon
sored by Government authority.
The program was announced to
night by the executive director of
the new National Institute of
Health at Washington, Joseph E.
Ransdell, former United States Sen
ator from Louisiana. He outlined
the plans at the annual dinner oT
the Radiological Society of North
America.
The Institute of Public Health is
the scientific research department
of the United States Public Health
Service.
"In this institute,'-' said Senator
Ransdell, "will be carried on new
researches in cancer on a greater
scale than ever before attempted."
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 3. (/P) — The
greatest research ever undertaken
into cancer, common colds, heart
disease, flue, pneumonia, and infan
tile paralysis is about to be spon
sored by Government authority.
The program was announced to
night by the executive director of
the new National Institute of
Health at Washington, Joseph E.
Ransdell, former United States Sen
ator from Louisiana. He outlined
the plans at the annual dinner oT
the Radiological Society of North
America.
The Institute of Public Health is
the scientific research department
of the United States Public Health
Service.
"In this institute,'-' said Senator
Ransdell, "will be carried on new
researches in cancer on a greater
scale than ever before attempted."
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 3. (/P) — The
greatest research ever undertaken
into cancer, common colds, heart
disease, flue, pneumonia, and infan
tile paralysis is about to be spon
sored by Government authority.
The program was announced to
night by the executive director of
the new National Institute of
Health at Washington, Joseph E.
Ransdell, former United States Sen
ator from Louisiana. He outlined
the plans at the annual dinner oT
the Radiological Society of North
America.
The Institute of Public Health is
the scientific research department
of the United States Public Health
Service.
"In this institute,'-' said Senator
Ransdell, "will be carried on new
researches in cancer on a greater
scale than ever before attempted."
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 3. (/P) — The
greatest research ever undertaken
into cancer, common colds, heart
disease, flue, pneumonia, and infan
tile paralysis is about to be spon
sored by Government authority.
The program was announced to
night by the executive director of
the new National Institute of
Health at Washington, Joseph E.
Ransdell, former United States Sen
ator from Louisiana. He outlined
the plans at the annual dinner oT
the Radiological Society of North
America.
The Institute of Public Health is
the scientific research department
of the United States Public Health
Service.
"In this institute,'-' said Senator
Ransdell, "will be carried on new
researches in cancer on a greater
scale than ever before attempted."
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 3. (/P) — The
greatest research ever undertaken
into cancer, common colds, heart
disease, flue, pneumonia, and infan
tile paralysis is about to be spon
sored by Government authority.
The program was announced to
night by the executive director of
the new National Institute of
Health at Washington, Joseph E.
Ransdell, former United States Sen
ator from Louisiana. He outlined
the plans at the annual dinner oT
the Radiological Society of North
America.
The Institute of Public Health is
the scientific research department
of the United States Public Health
Service.
"In this institute,'-' said Senator
Ransdell, "will be carried on new
researches in cancer on a greater
scale than ever before attempted."
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 3. (/P) — The
greatest research ever undertaken
into cancer, common colds, heart
disease, flue, pneumonia, and infan
tile paralysis is about to be spon
sored by Government authority.
The program was announced to
night by the executive director of
the new National Institute of
Health at Washington, Joseph E.
Ransdell, former United States Sen
ator from Louisiana. He outlined
the plans at the annual dinner oT
the Radiological Society of North
America.
The Institute of Public Health is
the scientific research department
of the United States Public Health
Service.
"In this institute,'-' said Senator
Ransdell, "will be carried on new
researches in cancer on a greater
scale than ever before attempted."
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 3. (/P) — The
greatest research ever undertaken
into cancer, common colds, heart
disease, flue, pneumonia, and infan
tile paralysis is about to be spon
sored by Government authority.
The program was announced to
night by the executive director of
the new National Institute of
Health at Washington, Joseph E.
Ransdell, former United States Sen
ator from Louisiana. He outlined
the plans at the annual dinner oT
the Radiological Society of North
America.
The Institute of Public Health is
the scientific research department
of the United States Public Health
Service.
"In this institute,'-' said Senator
Ransdell, "will be carried on new
researches in cancer on a greater
scale than ever before attempted."
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 3. (/P) — The
greatest research ever undertaken
into cancer, common colds, heart
disease, flue, pneumonia, and infan
tile paralysis is about to be spon
sored by Government authority.
The program was announced to
night by the executive director of
the new National Institute of
Health at Washington, Joseph E.
Ransdell, former United States Sen
ator from Louisiana. He outlined
the plans at the annual dinner oT
the Radiological Society of North
America.
The Institute of Public Health is
the scientific research department
of the United States Public Health
Service.
"In this institute,'-' said Senator
Ransdell, "will be carried on new
researches in cancer on a greater
scale than ever before attempted."
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 3. (/P) — The
greatest research ever undertaken
into cancer, common colds, heart
disease, flue, pneumonia, and infan
tile paralysis is about to be spon
sored by Government authority.
The program was announced to
night by the executive director of
the new National Institute of
Health at Washington, Joseph E.
Ransdell, former United States Sen
ator from Louisiana. He outlined
the plans at the annual dinner oT
the Radiological Society of North
America.
The Institute of Public Health is
the scientific research department
of the United States Public Health
Service.
"In this institute,'-' said Senator
Ransdell, "will be carried on new
researches in cancer on a greater
scale than ever before attempted."
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 3. (/P) — The
greatest research ever undertaken
into cancer, common colds, heart
disease, flue, pneumonia, and infan
tile paralysis is about to be spon
sored by Government authority.
The program was announced to
night by the executive director of
the new National Institute of
Health at Washington, Joseph E.
Ransdell, former United States Sen
ator from Louisiana. He outlined
the plans at the annual dinner oT
the Radiological Society of North
America.
The Institute of Public Health is
the scientific research department
of the United States Public Health
Service.
"In this institute,'-' said Senator
Ransdell, "will be carried on new
researches in cancer on a greater
scale than ever before attempted."
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 3. (/P) — The
greatest research ever undertaken
into cancer, common colds, heart
disease, flue, pneumonia, and infan
tile paralysis is about to be spon
sored by Government authority.
The program was announced to
night by the executive director of
the new National Institute of
Health at Washington, Joseph E.
Ransdell, former United States Sen
ator from Louisiana. He outlined
the plans at the annual dinner oT
the Radiological Society of North
America.
The Institute of Public Health is
the scientific research department
of the United States Public Health
Service.
"In this institute,'-' said Senator
Ransdell, "will be carried on new
researches in cancer on a greater
scale than ever before attempted."
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 3. (/P) — The
greatest research ever undertaken
into cancer, common colds, heart
disease, flue, pneumonia, and infan
tile paralysis is about to be spon
sored by Government authority.
The program was announced to
night by the executive director of
the new National Institute of
Health at Washington, Joseph E.
Ransdell, former United States Sen
ator from Louisiana. He outlined
the plans at the annual dinner oT
the Radiological Society of North
America.
The Institute of Public Health is
the scientific research department
of the United States Public Health
Service.
"In this institute,'-' said Senator
Ransdell, "will be carried on new
researches in cancer on a greater
scale than ever before attempted."
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 3. (/P) — The
greatest research ever undertaken
into cancer, common colds, heart
disease, flue, pneumonia, and infan
tile paralysis is about to be spon
sored by Government authority.
The program was announced to
night by the executive director of
the new National Institute of
Health at Washington, Joseph E.
Ransdell, former United States Sen
ator from Louisiana. He outlined
the plans at the annual dinner oT
the Radiological Society of North
America.
The Institute of Public Health is
the scientific research department
of the United States Public Health
Service.
"In this institute,'-' said Senator
Ransdell, "will be carried on new
researches in cancer on a greater
scale than ever before attempted."
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 3. (/P) — The
greatest research ever undertaken
into cancer, common colds, heart
disease, flue, pneumonia, and infan
tile paralysis is about to be spon
sored by Government authority.
The program was announced to
night by the executive director of
the new National Institute of
Health at Washington, Joseph E.
Ransdell, former United States Sen
ator from Louisiana. He outlined
the plans at the annual dinner oT
the Radiological Society of North
America.
The Institute of Public Health is
the scientific research department
of the United States Public Health
Service.
"In this institute,'-' said Senator
Ransdell, "will be carried on new
researches in cancer on a greater
scale than ever before attempted."
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 3. (/P) — The
greatest research ever undertaken
into cancer, common colds, heart
disease, flue, pneumonia, and infan
tile paralysis is about to be spon
sored by Government authority.
The program was announced to
night by the executive director of
the new National Institute of
Health at Washington, Joseph E.
Ransdell, former United States Sen
ator from Louisiana. He outlined
the plans at the annual dinner oT
the Radiological Society of North
America.
The Institute of Public Health is
the scientific research department
of the United States Public Health
Service.
"In this institute,'-' said Senator
Ransdell, "will be carried on new
researches in cancer on a greater
scale than ever before attempted."
