# SENATE ROWS OVER MOSES' RE-ELECTION
## 
### 
WASHINGTON. Dec. 3 (/P). —'The
long-smouldering Senate Republican
row burst into lively flames today
with declarations from Western In
dependent leaders that they would
oppose the re-election of George
Moses, of New Hampshire, as presi
dent pro tempore.
Senator Moses referred to the In
dependents as the "sons of the wild
jackass" when they went into a coa
lition with the Democrats on the
tariff two years ago.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 3 (/P). —'The
long-smouldering Senate Republican
row burst into lively flames today
with declarations from Western In
dependent leaders that they would
oppose the re-election of George
Moses, of New Hampshire, as presi
dent pro tempore.
Senator Moses referred to the In
dependents as the "sons of the wild
jackass" when they went into a coa
lition with the Democrats on the
tariff two years ago.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 3 (/P). —'The
long-smouldering Senate Republican
row burst into lively flames today
with declarations from Western In
dependent leaders that they would
oppose the re-election of George
Moses, of New Hampshire, as presi
dent pro tempore.
Senator Moses referred to the In
dependents as the "sons of the wild
jackass" when they went into a coa
lition with the Democrats on the
tariff two years ago.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 3 (/P). —'The
long-smouldering Senate Republican
row burst into lively flames today
with declarations from Western In
dependent leaders that they would
oppose the re-election of George
Moses, of New Hampshire, as presi
dent pro tempore.
Senator Moses referred to the In
dependents as the "sons of the wild
jackass" when they went into a coa
lition with the Democrats on the
tariff two years ago.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 3 (/P). —'The
long-smouldering Senate Republican
row burst into lively flames today
with declarations from Western In
dependent leaders that they would
oppose the re-election of George
Moses, of New Hampshire, as presi
dent pro tempore.
Senator Moses referred to the In
dependents as the "sons of the wild
jackass" when they went into a coa
lition with the Democrats on the
tariff two years ago.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 3 (/P). —'The
long-smouldering Senate Republican
row burst into lively flames today
with declarations from Western In
dependent leaders that they would
oppose the re-election of George
Moses, of New Hampshire, as presi
dent pro tempore.
Senator Moses referred to the In
dependents as the "sons of the wild
jackass" when they went into a coa
lition with the Democrats on the
tariff two years ago.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 3 (/P). —'The
long-smouldering Senate Republican
row burst into lively flames today
with declarations from Western In
dependent leaders that they would
oppose the re-election of George
Moses, of New Hampshire, as presi
dent pro tempore.
Senator Moses referred to the In
dependents as the "sons of the wild
jackass" when they went into a coa
lition with the Democrats on the
tariff two years ago.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 3 (/P). —'The
long-smouldering Senate Republican
row burst into lively flames today
with declarations from Western In
dependent leaders that they would
oppose the re-election of George
Moses, of New Hampshire, as presi
dent pro tempore.
Senator Moses referred to the In
dependents as the "sons of the wild
jackass" when they went into a coa
lition with the Democrats on the
tariff two years ago.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 3 (/P). —'The
long-smouldering Senate Republican
row burst into lively flames today
with declarations from Western In
dependent leaders that they would
oppose the re-election of George
Moses, of New Hampshire, as presi
dent pro tempore.
Senator Moses referred to the In
dependents as the "sons of the wild
jackass" when they went into a coa
lition with the Democrats on the
tariff two years ago.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 3 (/P). —'The
long-smouldering Senate Republican
row burst into lively flames today
with declarations from Western In
dependent leaders that they would
oppose the re-election of George
Moses, of New Hampshire, as presi
dent pro tempore.
Senator Moses referred to the In
dependents as the "sons of the wild
jackass" when they went into a coa
lition with the Democrats on the
tariff two years ago.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 3 (/P). —'The
long-smouldering Senate Republican
row burst into lively flames today
with declarations from Western In
dependent leaders that they would
oppose the re-election of George
Moses, of New Hampshire, as presi
dent pro tempore.
Senator Moses referred to the In
dependents as the "sons of the wild
jackass" when they went into a coa
lition with the Democrats on the
tariff two years ago.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 3 (/P). —'The
long-smouldering Senate Republican
row burst into lively flames today
with declarations from Western In
dependent leaders that they would
oppose the re-election of George
Moses, of New Hampshire, as presi
dent pro tempore.
Senator Moses referred to the In
dependents as the "sons of the wild
jackass" when they went into a coa
lition with the Democrats on the
tariff two years ago.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 3 (/P). —'The
long-smouldering Senate Republican
row burst into lively flames today
with declarations from Western In
dependent leaders that they would
oppose the re-election of George
Moses, of New Hampshire, as presi
dent pro tempore.
Senator Moses referred to the In
dependents as the "sons of the wild
jackass" when they went into a coa
lition with the Democrats on the
tariff two years ago.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 3 (/P). —'The
long-smouldering Senate Republican
row burst into lively flames today
with declarations from Western In
dependent leaders that they would
oppose the re-election of George
Moses, of New Hampshire, as presi
dent pro tempore.
Senator Moses referred to the In
dependents as the "sons of the wild
jackass" when they went into a coa
lition with the Democrats on the
tariff two years ago.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 3 (/P). —'The
long-smouldering Senate Republican
row burst into lively flames today
with declarations from Western In
dependent leaders that they would
oppose the re-election of George
Moses, of New Hampshire, as presi
dent pro tempore.
Senator Moses referred to the In
dependents as the "sons of the wild
jackass" when they went into a coa
lition with the Democrats on the
tariff two years ago.
