# STANFORD GRADUATE HEADS EXPEDITION
## 
### 
Charge of the scientific work for
an expedition to secure rare
scquatic specimens in the waters
around Central and South America
has been given to Alvin Seale,
Stanford alumnus of the Class of
1905, and superintendent of the
Steinhart Aquarium of the Cali
fornia Academy of Sciences.
The party left San Francisco to
day on G. Allan Hancock's cruiser,
Valero 111.
Charge of the scientific work for
an expedition to secure rare
scquatic specimens in the waters
around Central and South America
has been given to Alvin Seale,
Stanford alumnus of the Class of
1905, and superintendent of the
Steinhart Aquarium of the Cali
fornia Academy of Sciences.
The party left San Francisco to
day on G. Allan Hancock's cruiser,
Valero 111.
Charge of the scientific work for
an expedition to secure rare
scquatic specimens in the waters
around Central and South America
has been given to Alvin Seale,
Stanford alumnus of the Class of
1905, and superintendent of the
Steinhart Aquarium of the Cali
fornia Academy of Sciences.
The party left San Francisco to
day on G. Allan Hancock's cruiser,
Valero 111.
Charge of the scientific work for
an expedition to secure rare
scquatic specimens in the waters
around Central and South America
has been given to Alvin Seale,
Stanford alumnus of the Class of
1905, and superintendent of the
Steinhart Aquarium of the Cali
fornia Academy of Sciences.
The party left San Francisco to
day on G. Allan Hancock's cruiser,
Valero 111.
Charge of the scientific work for
an expedition to secure rare
scquatic specimens in the waters
around Central and South America
has been given to Alvin Seale,
Stanford alumnus of the Class of
1905, and superintendent of the
Steinhart Aquarium of the Cali
fornia Academy of Sciences.
The party left San Francisco to
day on G. Allan Hancock's cruiser,
Valero 111.
Charge of the scientific work for
an expedition to secure rare
scquatic specimens in the waters
around Central and South America
has been given to Alvin Seale,
Stanford alumnus of the Class of
1905, and superintendent of the
Steinhart Aquarium of the Cali
fornia Academy of Sciences.
The party left San Francisco to
day on G. Allan Hancock's cruiser,
Valero 111.
Charge of the scientific work for
an expedition to secure rare
scquatic specimens in the waters
around Central and South America
has been given to Alvin Seale,
Stanford alumnus of the Class of
1905, and superintendent of the
Steinhart Aquarium of the Cali
fornia Academy of Sciences.
The party left San Francisco to
day on G. Allan Hancock's cruiser,
Valero 111.
Charge of the scientific work for
an expedition to secure rare
scquatic specimens in the waters
around Central and South America
has been given to Alvin Seale,
Stanford alumnus of the Class of
1905, and superintendent of the
Steinhart Aquarium of the Cali
fornia Academy of Sciences.
The party left San Francisco to
day on G. Allan Hancock's cruiser,
Valero 111.
Charge of the scientific work for
an expedition to secure rare
scquatic specimens in the waters
around Central and South America
has been given to Alvin Seale,
Stanford alumnus of the Class of
1905, and superintendent of the
Steinhart Aquarium of the Cali
fornia Academy of Sciences.
The party left San Francisco to
day on G. Allan Hancock's cruiser,
Valero 111.
Charge of the scientific work for
an expedition to secure rare
scquatic specimens in the waters
around Central and South America
has been given to Alvin Seale,
Stanford alumnus of the Class of
1905, and superintendent of the
Steinhart Aquarium of the Cali
fornia Academy of Sciences.
The party left San Francisco to
day on G. Allan Hancock's cruiser,
Valero 111.
Charge of the scientific work for
an expedition to secure rare
scquatic specimens in the waters
around Central and South America
has been given to Alvin Seale,
Stanford alumnus of the Class of
1905, and superintendent of the
Steinhart Aquarium of the Cali
fornia Academy of Sciences.
The party left San Francisco to
day on G. Allan Hancock's cruiser,
Valero 111.
Charge of the scientific work for
an expedition to secure rare
scquatic specimens in the waters
around Central and South America
has been given to Alvin Seale,
Stanford alumnus of the Class of
1905, and superintendent of the
Steinhart Aquarium of the Cali
fornia Academy of Sciences.
The party left San Francisco to
day on G. Allan Hancock's cruiser,
Valero 111.
Charge of the scientific work for
an expedition to secure rare
scquatic specimens in the waters
around Central and South America
has been given to Alvin Seale,
Stanford alumnus of the Class of
1905, and superintendent of the
Steinhart Aquarium of the Cali
fornia Academy of Sciences.
The party left San Francisco to
day on G. Allan Hancock's cruiser,
Valero 111.
Charge of the scientific work for
an expedition to secure rare
scquatic specimens in the waters
around Central and South America
has been given to Alvin Seale,
Stanford alumnus of the Class of
1905, and superintendent of the
Steinhart Aquarium of the Cali
fornia Academy of Sciences.
The party left San Francisco to
day on G. Allan Hancock's cruiser,
Valero 111.
Charge of the scientific work for
an expedition to secure rare
scquatic specimens in the waters
around Central and South America
has been given to Alvin Seale,
Stanford alumnus of the Class of
1905, and superintendent of the
Steinhart Aquarium of the Cali
fornia Academy of Sciences.
The party left San Francisco to
day on G. Allan Hancock's cruiser,
Valero 111.
