# CARD, CIRCUS CLUB POLOISTS PLAY AT BERESFORD TODAY
## 
### 
Stanford's hard-riding polo team
plays the flashy Menlo Circus Club
at Beresford today at 2:30, on the
San Mateo-Eurlingame Club field.
This is the second time that the
Redshirts have met the Menlo out
fit. Three weeks ago the Indian
riders were given a 13-11 defeat by
a brilliant 14-goal team of the Cir
cus Club's, which included Willie
Tevis, stellar six-goal player.
Menlo gave Stanford a 10-goal
handicap in this first match to
equalize the difference between the
two teams. But for today's contest,
the only player for Menlo having a
handicap will be Tevis.
The Stanford line-up: Spaulding,
1; Gilham, 2; Lewis, '3; Fleming
(Capt.), 4.
