# & OUT THE OTHER
## 
### 
SOAP SUDS
Continued
Our Lives, on the new soap,
Rituals. Wonder what will hap
pen when these two villains get
together? Actually, in real life,
two nicer people never existed
... Lots of Loving: Patty Lotz,
who plays construction worker

Ava on Loi'itig, really was a
construction worker two years
ago, building houses with her
brother-in-law ... Michael Da
mian, who plays Danny on the
hot Young & Restless says a guy
feels just as dumb when a girl
turns down an invitation to
dance as a girl probably feels

when she doesn't get asked in
the first place. Michael, who
digs going to clubs and looking
at the beautiful women, says he
usually has a comeback when
he gets turned down. "1 say,
Oh, I don't dance. I just want
ed to know if you did.' " And
the beat goes on.
SOAP SUDS
Continued
Our Lives, on the new soap,
Rituals. Wonder what will hap
pen when these two villains get
together? Actually, in real life,
two nicer people never existed
... Lots of Loving: Patty Lotz,
who plays construction worker

Ava on Loi'itig, really was a
construction worker two years
ago, building houses with her
brother-in-law ... Michael Da
mian, who plays Danny on the
hot Young & Restless says a guy
feels just as dumb when a girl
turns down an invitation to
dance as a girl probably feels

when she doesn't get asked in
the first place. Michael, who
digs going to clubs and looking
at the beautiful women, says he
usually has a comeback when
he gets turned down. "1 say,
Oh, I don't dance. I just want
ed to know if you did.' " And
the beat goes on.
SOAP SUDS
Continued
Our Lives, on the new soap,
Rituals. Wonder what will hap
pen when these two villains get
together? Actually, in real life,
two nicer people never existed
... Lots of Loving: Patty Lotz,
who plays construction worker

Ava on Loi'itig, really was a
construction worker two years
ago, building houses with her
brother-in-law ... Michael Da
mian, who plays Danny on the
hot Young & Restless says a guy
feels just as dumb when a girl
turns down an invitation to
dance as a girl probably feels

when she doesn't get asked in
the first place. Michael, who
digs going to clubs and looking
at the beautiful women, says he
usually has a comeback when
he gets turned down. "1 say,
Oh, I don't dance. I just want
ed to know if you did.' " And
the beat goes on.
SOAP SUDS
Continued
Our Lives, on the new soap,
Rituals. Wonder what will hap
pen when these two villains get
together? Actually, in real life,
two nicer people never existed
... Lots of Loving: Patty Lotz,
who plays construction worker

Ava on Loi'itig, really was a
construction worker two years
ago, building houses with her
brother-in-law ... Michael Da
mian, who plays Danny on the
hot Young & Restless says a guy
feels just as dumb when a girl
turns down an invitation to
dance as a girl probably feels

when she doesn't get asked in
the first place. Michael, who
digs going to clubs and looking
at the beautiful women, says he
usually has a comeback when
he gets turned down. "1 say,
Oh, I don't dance. I just want
ed to know if you did.' " And
the beat goes on.
SOAP SUDS
Continued
Our Lives, on the new soap,
Rituals. Wonder what will hap
pen when these two villains get
together? Actually, in real life,
two nicer people never existed
... Lots of Loving: Patty Lotz,
who plays construction worker

Ava on Loi'itig, really was a
construction worker two years
ago, building houses with her
brother-in-law ... Michael Da
mian, who plays Danny on the
hot Young & Restless says a guy
feels just as dumb when a girl
turns down an invitation to
dance as a girl probably feels

when she doesn't get asked in
the first place. Michael, who
digs going to clubs and looking
at the beautiful women, says he
usually has a comeback when
he gets turned down. "1 say,
Oh, I don't dance. I just want
ed to know if you did.' " And
the beat goes on.
SOAP SUDS
Continued
Our Lives, on the new soap,
Rituals. Wonder what will hap
pen when these two villains get
together? Actually, in real life,
two nicer people never existed
... Lots of Loving: Patty Lotz,
who plays construction worker

Ava on Loi'itig, really was a
construction worker two years
ago, building houses with her
brother-in-law ... Michael Da
mian, who plays Danny on the
hot Young & Restless says a guy
feels just as dumb when a girl
turns down an invitation to
dance as a girl probably feels

when she doesn't get asked in
the first place. Michael, who
digs going to clubs and looking
at the beautiful women, says he
usually has a comeback when
he gets turned down. "1 say,
Oh, I don't dance. I just want
ed to know if you did.' " And
the beat goes on.
SOAP SUDS
Continued
Our Lives, on the new soap,
Rituals. Wonder what will hap
pen when these two villains get
together? Actually, in real life,
two nicer people never existed
... Lots of Loving: Patty Lotz,
who plays construction worker

Ava on Loi'itig, really was a
construction worker two years
ago, building houses with her
brother-in-law ... Michael Da
mian, who plays Danny on the
hot Young & Restless says a guy
feels just as dumb when a girl
turns down an invitation to
dance as a girl probably feels

when she doesn't get asked in
the first place. Michael, who
digs going to clubs and looking
at the beautiful women, says he
usually has a comeback when
he gets turned down. "1 say,
Oh, I don't dance. I just want
ed to know if you did.' " And
the beat goes on.
SOAP SUDS
Continued
Our Lives, on the new soap,
Rituals. Wonder what will hap
pen when these two villains get
together? Actually, in real life,
two nicer people never existed
... Lots of Loving: Patty Lotz,
who plays construction worker

Ava on Loi'itig, really was a
construction worker two years
ago, building houses with her
brother-in-law ... Michael Da
mian, who plays Danny on the
hot Young & Restless says a guy
feels just as dumb when a girl
turns down an invitation to
dance as a girl probably feels

when she doesn't get asked in
the first place. Michael, who
digs going to clubs and looking
at the beautiful women, says he
usually has a comeback when
he gets turned down. "1 say,
Oh, I don't dance. I just want
ed to know if you did.' " And
the beat goes on.
