# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
REVERSIBLE
RAINCOATS
$7.95 to $17.95
Hooded wraps, reefers,
swaggers with all wool
plaids or plain polo coat
ing on one side and fine
twilled gabardine on the
other.
Sizes 1 2 to 1 8
Walsteris
Masonic Temple Bldg.
REVERSIBLE
RAINCOATS
$7.95 to $17.95
Hooded wraps, reefers,
swaggers with all wool
plaids or plain polo coat
ing on one side and fine
twilled gabardine on the
other.
Sizes 1 2 to 1 8
Walsteris
Masonic Temple Bldg.
REVERSIBLE
RAINCOATS
$7.95 to $17.95
Hooded wraps, reefers,
swaggers with all wool
plaids or plain polo coat
ing on one side and fine
twilled gabardine on the
other.
Sizes 1 2 to 1 8
Walsteris
Masonic Temple Bldg.
REVERSIBLE
RAINCOATS
$7.95 to $17.95
Hooded wraps, reefers,
swaggers with all wool
plaids or plain polo coat
ing on one side and fine
twilled gabardine on the
other.
Sizes 1 2 to 1 8
Walsteris
Masonic Temple Bldg.
REVERSIBLE
RAINCOATS
$7.95 to $17.95
Hooded wraps, reefers,
swaggers with all wool
plaids or plain polo coat
ing on one side and fine
twilled gabardine on the
other.
Sizes 1 2 to 1 8
Walsteris
Masonic Temple Bldg.
REVERSIBLE
RAINCOATS
$7.95 to $17.95
Hooded wraps, reefers,
swaggers with all wool
plaids or plain polo coat
ing on one side and fine
twilled gabardine on the
other.
Sizes 1 2 to 1 8
Walsteris
Masonic Temple Bldg.
REVERSIBLE
RAINCOATS
$7.95 to $17.95
Hooded wraps, reefers,
swaggers with all wool
plaids or plain polo coat
ing on one side and fine
twilled gabardine on the
other.
Sizes 1 2 to 1 8
Walsteris
Masonic Temple Bldg.
REVERSIBLE
RAINCOATS
$7.95 to $17.95
Hooded wraps, reefers,
swaggers with all wool
plaids or plain polo coat
ing on one side and fine
twilled gabardine on the
other.
Sizes 1 2 to 1 8
Walsteris
Masonic Temple Bldg.
REVERSIBLE
RAINCOATS
$7.95 to $17.95
Hooded wraps, reefers,
swaggers with all wool
plaids or plain polo coat
ing on one side and fine
twilled gabardine on the
other.
Sizes 1 2 to 1 8
Walsteris
Masonic Temple Bldg.
REVERSIBLE
RAINCOATS
$7.95 to $17.95
Hooded wraps, reefers,
swaggers with all wool
plaids or plain polo coat
ing on one side and fine
twilled gabardine on the
other.
Sizes 1 2 to 1 8
Walsteris
Masonic Temple Bldg.
REVERSIBLE
RAINCOATS
$7.95 to $17.95
Hooded wraps, reefers,
swaggers with all wool
plaids or plain polo coat
ing on one side and fine
twilled gabardine on the
other.
Sizes 1 2 to 1 8
Walsteris
Masonic Temple Bldg.
REVERSIBLE
RAINCOATS
$7.95 to $17.95
Hooded wraps, reefers,
swaggers with all wool
plaids or plain polo coat
ing on one side and fine
twilled gabardine on the
other.
Sizes 1 2 to 1 8
Walsteris
Masonic Temple Bldg.
REVERSIBLE
RAINCOATS
$7.95 to $17.95
Hooded wraps, reefers,
swaggers with all wool
plaids or plain polo coat
ing on one side and fine
twilled gabardine on the
other.
Sizes 1 2 to 1 8
Walsteris
Masonic Temple Bldg.
REVERSIBLE
RAINCOATS
$7.95 to $17.95
Hooded wraps, reefers,
swaggers with all wool
plaids or plain polo coat
ing on one side and fine
twilled gabardine on the
other.
Sizes 1 2 to 1 8
Walsteris
Masonic Temple Bldg.
REVERSIBLE
RAINCOATS
$7.95 to $17.95
Hooded wraps, reefers,
swaggers with all wool
plaids or plain polo coat
ing on one side and fine
twilled gabardine on the
other.
Sizes 1 2 to 1 8
Walsteris
Masonic Temple Bldg.
REVERSIBLE
RAINCOATS
$7.95 to $17.95
Hooded wraps, reefers,
swaggers with all wool
plaids or plain polo coat
ing on one side and fine
twilled gabardine on the
other.
Sizes 1 2 to 1 8
Walsteris
Masonic Temple Bldg.
REVERSIBLE
RAINCOATS
$7.95 to $17.95
Hooded wraps, reefers,
swaggers with all wool
plaids or plain polo coat
ing on one side and fine
twilled gabardine on the
other.
Sizes 1 2 to 1 8
Walsteris
Masonic Temple Bldg.
