# Scene of Crash
## 
### 

ARROW POINTS to the scene of
Sunday's fatal airplane crash in
which ten died. The plane was
headed for Salt Lake, hut a heavy
snow storm and a faulty radio
beam caused it to crash into the
side of Bountiful Peak, in Utah's
Wasatch Mountains.

ARROW POINTS to the scene of
Sunday's fatal airplane crash in
which ten died. The plane was
headed for Salt Lake, hut a heavy
snow storm and a faulty radio
beam caused it to crash into the
side of Bountiful Peak, in Utah's
Wasatch Mountains.

ARROW POINTS to the scene of
Sunday's fatal airplane crash in
which ten died. The plane was
headed for Salt Lake, hut a heavy
snow storm and a faulty radio
beam caused it to crash into the
side of Bountiful Peak, in Utah's
Wasatch Mountains.

ARROW POINTS to the scene of
Sunday's fatal airplane crash in
which ten died. The plane was
headed for Salt Lake, hut a heavy
snow storm and a faulty radio
beam caused it to crash into the
side of Bountiful Peak, in Utah's
Wasatch Mountains.

ARROW POINTS to the scene of
Sunday's fatal airplane crash in
which ten died. The plane was
headed for Salt Lake, hut a heavy
snow storm and a faulty radio
beam caused it to crash into the
side of Bountiful Peak, in Utah's
Wasatch Mountains.

ARROW POINTS to the scene of
Sunday's fatal airplane crash in
which ten died. The plane was
headed for Salt Lake, hut a heavy
snow storm and a faulty radio
beam caused it to crash into the
side of Bountiful Peak, in Utah's
Wasatch Mountains.

ARROW POINTS to the scene of
Sunday's fatal airplane crash in
which ten died. The plane was
headed for Salt Lake, hut a heavy
snow storm and a faulty radio
beam caused it to crash into the
side of Bountiful Peak, in Utah's
Wasatch Mountains.

ARROW POINTS to the scene of
Sunday's fatal airplane crash in
which ten died. The plane was
headed for Salt Lake, hut a heavy
snow storm and a faulty radio
beam caused it to crash into the
side of Bountiful Peak, in Utah's
Wasatch Mountains.

ARROW POINTS to the scene of
Sunday's fatal airplane crash in
which ten died. The plane was
headed for Salt Lake, hut a heavy
snow storm and a faulty radio
beam caused it to crash into the
side of Bountiful Peak, in Utah's
Wasatch Mountains.

ARROW POINTS to the scene of
Sunday's fatal airplane crash in
which ten died. The plane was
headed for Salt Lake, hut a heavy
snow storm and a faulty radio
beam caused it to crash into the
side of Bountiful Peak, in Utah's
Wasatch Mountains.

ARROW POINTS to the scene of
Sunday's fatal airplane crash in
which ten died. The plane was
headed for Salt Lake, hut a heavy
snow storm and a faulty radio
beam caused it to crash into the
side of Bountiful Peak, in Utah's
Wasatch Mountains.

ARROW POINTS to the scene of
Sunday's fatal airplane crash in
which ten died. The plane was
headed for Salt Lake, hut a heavy
snow storm and a faulty radio
beam caused it to crash into the
side of Bountiful Peak, in Utah's
Wasatch Mountains.

ARROW POINTS to the scene of
Sunday's fatal airplane crash in
which ten died. The plane was
headed for Salt Lake, hut a heavy
snow storm and a faulty radio
beam caused it to crash into the
side of Bountiful Peak, in Utah's
Wasatch Mountains.

ARROW POINTS to the scene of
Sunday's fatal airplane crash in
which ten died. The plane was
headed for Salt Lake, hut a heavy
snow storm and a faulty radio
beam caused it to crash into the
side of Bountiful Peak, in Utah's
Wasatch Mountains.

ARROW POINTS to the scene of
Sunday's fatal airplane crash in
which ten died. The plane was
headed for Salt Lake, hut a heavy
snow storm and a faulty radio
beam caused it to crash into the
side of Bountiful Peak, in Utah's
Wasatch Mountains.

ARROW POINTS to the scene of
Sunday's fatal airplane crash in
which ten died. The plane was
headed for Salt Lake, hut a heavy
snow storm and a faulty radio
beam caused it to crash into the
side of Bountiful Peak, in Utah's
Wasatch Mountains.

ARROW POINTS to the scene of
Sunday's fatal airplane crash in
which ten died. The plane was
headed for Salt Lake, hut a heavy
snow storm and a faulty radio
beam caused it to crash into the
side of Bountiful Peak, in Utah's
Wasatch Mountains.
