# NEW READING ROOM
## 
### 
The Inter-Faith group announced
today that its meeting room is to be
used exclusively by the Christian
Science Organization as a reading
room between the hours of eight and
twelve tomorrow.
The Inter-Faith group announced
today that its meeting room is to be
used exclusively by the Christian
Science Organization as a reading
room between the hours of eight and
twelve tomorrow.
The Inter-Faith group announced
today that its meeting room is to be
used exclusively by the Christian
Science Organization as a reading
room between the hours of eight and
twelve tomorrow.
The Inter-Faith group announced
today that its meeting room is to be
used exclusively by the Christian
Science Organization as a reading
room between the hours of eight and
twelve tomorrow.
The Inter-Faith group announced
today that its meeting room is to be
used exclusively by the Christian
Science Organization as a reading
room between the hours of eight and
twelve tomorrow.
The Inter-Faith group announced
today that its meeting room is to be
used exclusively by the Christian
Science Organization as a reading
room between the hours of eight and
twelve tomorrow.
The Inter-Faith group announced
today that its meeting room is to be
used exclusively by the Christian
Science Organization as a reading
room between the hours of eight and
twelve tomorrow.
The Inter-Faith group announced
today that its meeting room is to be
used exclusively by the Christian
Science Organization as a reading
room between the hours of eight and
twelve tomorrow.
The Inter-Faith group announced
today that its meeting room is to be
used exclusively by the Christian
Science Organization as a reading
room between the hours of eight and
twelve tomorrow.
The Inter-Faith group announced
today that its meeting room is to be
used exclusively by the Christian
Science Organization as a reading
room between the hours of eight and
twelve tomorrow.
The Inter-Faith group announced
today that its meeting room is to be
used exclusively by the Christian
Science Organization as a reading
room between the hours of eight and
twelve tomorrow.
The Inter-Faith group announced
today that its meeting room is to be
used exclusively by the Christian
Science Organization as a reading
room between the hours of eight and
twelve tomorrow.
The Inter-Faith group announced
today that its meeting room is to be
used exclusively by the Christian
Science Organization as a reading
room between the hours of eight and
twelve tomorrow.
The Inter-Faith group announced
today that its meeting room is to be
used exclusively by the Christian
Science Organization as a reading
room between the hours of eight and
twelve tomorrow.
The Inter-Faith group announced
today that its meeting room is to be
used exclusively by the Christian
Science Organization as a reading
room between the hours of eight and
twelve tomorrow.
The Inter-Faith group announced
today that its meeting room is to be
used exclusively by the Christian
Science Organization as a reading
room between the hours of eight and
twelve tomorrow.
The Inter-Faith group announced
today that its meeting room is to be
used exclusively by the Christian
Science Organization as a reading
room between the hours of eight and
twelve tomorrow.
