# 3 Avant Garde Art Films Set For Showing
## 
### D.W. MILLER 
The Department of Art and
Architecture will present a
screening of Cosmic Ray, A Mo
vie, and Report, by Bruce Con
ner known in the art world for
his assemblage constructions in
the cinema media.
The films will be shown Tues
day and Thursday evenings at
8 in the Meidel Room at the
museum. There will be a charge
of $.50 per person.
Until recently the experimen
tal film movement of which
Conner is a part has been large
ly an underground phenomenon
about which much is written
and little actually known. Con
ner has brought to film an
awareness of the world of reali
ty, a world he stresses in his
assemblages.
Conner's films intertwine cur
rent issues with the nostalgic
past. Drawing his inspiration
from death, violence, sex, and
destruction, from the carnage
of the highways, to Kennedy's
assassination, he utilizes film
clips from old westerns, a snap
shot of Harlow, and other ma
terials that might be found in
an attic.
Combining film elements and
devises rarely employed since
the '20's, Conner demonstrates
in these three films the tech
nique of using motion pictures
as an art form.
