# STANFORD SENDS ENTRIES FOR CONFERENCE MEET.
## Thirteen Men to Represent Cardinal In Annual Competition on Berkeley Track. 
### 
Stanford is to send a team of thir
teen trackmen to compete in the an
nual Pacific Coast conference meet
which will he held on the Berkeley
oval next Saturday.
•Srown is the sole Cardinal entry in
the sprints. He will compete in the
furlong. Wallace and Taylor are en
tered in the quarter. Murray and An
gel 1 will run the half mile and the
former is also entered in the mile.
Dodge is Stanford's entry in the two
mile.
In the field competitions Stanford is
to he represented by Woolley in the
weights, Morrison and Argahrite in the
broad jump, Horine and Finney in the
hiih jump and Peake and Miller in the
polo vault.
Stanford is to send a team of thir
teen trackmen to compete in the an
nual Pacific Coast conference meet
which will he held on the Berkeley
oval next Saturday.
•Srown is the sole Cardinal entry in
the sprints. He will compete in the
furlong. Wallace and Taylor are en
tered in the quarter. Murray and An
gel 1 will run the half mile and the
former is also entered in the mile.
Dodge is Stanford's entry in the two
mile.
In the field competitions Stanford is
to he represented by Woolley in the
weights, Morrison and Argahrite in the
broad jump, Horine and Finney in the
hiih jump and Peake and Miller in the
polo vault.
Stanford is to send a team of thir
teen trackmen to compete in the an
nual Pacific Coast conference meet
which will he held on the Berkeley
oval next Saturday.
•Srown is the sole Cardinal entry in
the sprints. He will compete in the
furlong. Wallace and Taylor are en
tered in the quarter. Murray and An
gel 1 will run the half mile and the
former is also entered in the mile.
Dodge is Stanford's entry in the two
mile.
In the field competitions Stanford is
to he represented by Woolley in the
weights, Morrison and Argahrite in the
broad jump, Horine and Finney in the
hiih jump and Peake and Miller in the
polo vault.
Stanford is to send a team of thir
teen trackmen to compete in the an
nual Pacific Coast conference meet
which will he held on the Berkeley
oval next Saturday.
•Srown is the sole Cardinal entry in
the sprints. He will compete in the
furlong. Wallace and Taylor are en
tered in the quarter. Murray and An
gel 1 will run the half mile and the
former is also entered in the mile.
Dodge is Stanford's entry in the two
mile.
In the field competitions Stanford is
to he represented by Woolley in the
weights, Morrison and Argahrite in the
broad jump, Horine and Finney in the
hiih jump and Peake and Miller in the
polo vault.
Stanford is to send a team of thir
teen trackmen to compete in the an
nual Pacific Coast conference meet
which will he held on the Berkeley
oval next Saturday.
•Srown is the sole Cardinal entry in
the sprints. He will compete in the
furlong. Wallace and Taylor are en
tered in the quarter. Murray and An
gel 1 will run the half mile and the
former is also entered in the mile.
Dodge is Stanford's entry in the two
mile.
In the field competitions Stanford is
to he represented by Woolley in the
weights, Morrison and Argahrite in the
broad jump, Horine and Finney in the
hiih jump and Peake and Miller in the
polo vault.
Stanford is to send a team of thir
teen trackmen to compete in the an
nual Pacific Coast conference meet
which will he held on the Berkeley
oval next Saturday.
•Srown is the sole Cardinal entry in
the sprints. He will compete in the
furlong. Wallace and Taylor are en
tered in the quarter. Murray and An
gel 1 will run the half mile and the
former is also entered in the mile.
Dodge is Stanford's entry in the two
mile.
In the field competitions Stanford is
to he represented by Woolley in the
weights, Morrison and Argahrite in the
broad jump, Horine and Finney in the
hiih jump and Peake and Miller in the
polo vault.
Stanford is to send a team of thir
teen trackmen to compete in the an
nual Pacific Coast conference meet
which will he held on the Berkeley
oval next Saturday.
•Srown is the sole Cardinal entry in
the sprints. He will compete in the
furlong. Wallace and Taylor are en
tered in the quarter. Murray and An
gel 1 will run the half mile and the
former is also entered in the mile.
Dodge is Stanford's entry in the two
mile.
In the field competitions Stanford is
to he represented by Woolley in the
weights, Morrison and Argahrite in the
broad jump, Horine and Finney in the
hiih jump and Peake and Miller in the
polo vault.
Stanford is to send a team of thir
teen trackmen to compete in the an
nual Pacific Coast conference meet
which will he held on the Berkeley
oval next Saturday.
•Srown is the sole Cardinal entry in
the sprints. He will compete in the
furlong. Wallace and Taylor are en
tered in the quarter. Murray and An
gel 1 will run the half mile and the
former is also entered in the mile.
Dodge is Stanford's entry in the two
mile.
In the field competitions Stanford is
to he represented by Woolley in the
weights, Morrison and Argahrite in the
broad jump, Horine and Finney in the
hiih jump and Peake and Miller in the
polo vault.
Stanford is to send a team of thir
teen trackmen to compete in the an
nual Pacific Coast conference meet
which will he held on the Berkeley
oval next Saturday.
•Srown is the sole Cardinal entry in
the sprints. He will compete in the
furlong. Wallace and Taylor are en
tered in the quarter. Murray and An
gel 1 will run the half mile and the
former is also entered in the mile.
Dodge is Stanford's entry in the two
mile.
In the field competitions Stanford is
to he represented by Woolley in the
weights, Morrison and Argahrite in the
broad jump, Horine and Finney in the
hiih jump and Peake and Miller in the
polo vault.
Stanford is to send a team of thir
teen trackmen to compete in the an
nual Pacific Coast conference meet
which will he held on the Berkeley
oval next Saturday.
•Srown is the sole Cardinal entry in
the sprints. He will compete in the
furlong. Wallace and Taylor are en
tered in the quarter. Murray and An
gel 1 will run the half mile and the
former is also entered in the mile.
Dodge is Stanford's entry in the two
mile.
In the field competitions Stanford is
to he represented by Woolley in the
weights, Morrison and Argahrite in the
broad jump, Horine and Finney in the
hiih jump and Peake and Miller in the
polo vault.
Stanford is to send a team of thir
teen trackmen to compete in the an
nual Pacific Coast conference meet
which will he held on the Berkeley
oval next Saturday.
•Srown is the sole Cardinal entry in
the sprints. He will compete in the
furlong. Wallace and Taylor are en
tered in the quarter. Murray and An
gel 1 will run the half mile and the
former is also entered in the mile.
Dodge is Stanford's entry in the two
mile.
In the field competitions Stanford is
to he represented by Woolley in the
weights, Morrison and Argahrite in the
broad jump, Horine and Finney in the
hiih jump and Peake and Miller in the
polo vault.
Stanford is to send a team of thir
teen trackmen to compete in the an
nual Pacific Coast conference meet
which will he held on the Berkeley
oval next Saturday.
•Srown is the sole Cardinal entry in
the sprints. He will compete in the
furlong. Wallace and Taylor are en
tered in the quarter. Murray and An
gel 1 will run the half mile and the
former is also entered in the mile.
Dodge is Stanford's entry in the two
mile.
In the field competitions Stanford is
to he represented by Woolley in the
weights, Morrison and Argahrite in the
broad jump, Horine and Finney in the
hiih jump and Peake and Miller in the
polo vault.
Stanford is to send a team of thir
teen trackmen to compete in the an
nual Pacific Coast conference meet
which will he held on the Berkeley
oval next Saturday.
•Srown is the sole Cardinal entry in
the sprints. He will compete in the
furlong. Wallace and Taylor are en
tered in the quarter. Murray and An
gel 1 will run the half mile and the
former is also entered in the mile.
Dodge is Stanford's entry in the two
mile.
In the field competitions Stanford is
to he represented by Woolley in the
weights, Morrison and Argahrite in the
broad jump, Horine and Finney in the
hiih jump and Peake and Miller in the
polo vault.
