# Unaffiliated Men Will Hold Caucus In Toyon Lobby
## 
### 
Campus politicians gyrated
back and forth last night as
rumblings of the forthcoming
A.S.S.U. election began to be
heard.
The Hall caucus is definitely
set for Monday night. All men
not affiliated with fraternities
are invited by Mall leaders to
attend their smoker in Toyon
lobby at 9:30 o'clock. Hall
leaders have declared that the
Halls wili back the "best man
for the office" this year re
gardless of his connections.
Row chiefs couldn't say any
thing definite as to a frater
nity caucus last night, declar
ing that as yet nothing definite
has been done to select candi
dates for the A.S.S.U. offices
open in the spring elections.
