# 'Miss Prosperity'
## 
### 

That's the official title of Gleta
del Glass of Coral Gables, Fla. She
is wearing a bathing suit made of
"currency" for a state-wide celebra
tion in Florida May 5, to signalize
the return o< prosperity, (Associat.
«d Press Photo)

That's the official title of Gleta
del Glass of Coral Gables, Fla. She
is wearing a bathing suit made of
"currency" for a state-wide celebra
tion in Florida May 5, to signalize
the return o< prosperity, (Associat.
«d Press Photo)

That's the official title of Gleta
del Glass of Coral Gables, Fla. She
is wearing a bathing suit made of
"currency" for a state-wide celebra
tion in Florida May 5, to signalize
the return o< prosperity, (Associat.
«d Press Photo)

That's the official title of Gleta
del Glass of Coral Gables, Fla. She
is wearing a bathing suit made of
"currency" for a state-wide celebra
tion in Florida May 5, to signalize
the return o< prosperity, (Associat.
«d Press Photo)

That's the official title of Gleta
del Glass of Coral Gables, Fla. She
is wearing a bathing suit made of
"currency" for a state-wide celebra
tion in Florida May 5, to signalize
the return o< prosperity, (Associat.
«d Press Photo)

That's the official title of Gleta
del Glass of Coral Gables, Fla. She
is wearing a bathing suit made of
"currency" for a state-wide celebra
tion in Florida May 5, to signalize
the return o< prosperity, (Associat.
«d Press Photo)

That's the official title of Gleta
del Glass of Coral Gables, Fla. She
is wearing a bathing suit made of
"currency" for a state-wide celebra
tion in Florida May 5, to signalize
the return o< prosperity, (Associat.
«d Press Photo)

That's the official title of Gleta
del Glass of Coral Gables, Fla. She
is wearing a bathing suit made of
"currency" for a state-wide celebra
tion in Florida May 5, to signalize
the return o< prosperity, (Associat.
«d Press Photo)

That's the official title of Gleta
del Glass of Coral Gables, Fla. She
is wearing a bathing suit made of
"currency" for a state-wide celebra
tion in Florida May 5, to signalize
the return o< prosperity, (Associat.
«d Press Photo)

That's the official title of Gleta
del Glass of Coral Gables, Fla. She
is wearing a bathing suit made of
"currency" for a state-wide celebra
tion in Florida May 5, to signalize
the return o< prosperity, (Associat.
«d Press Photo)

That's the official title of Gleta
del Glass of Coral Gables, Fla. She
is wearing a bathing suit made of
"currency" for a state-wide celebra
tion in Florida May 5, to signalize
the return o< prosperity, (Associat.
«d Press Photo)

That's the official title of Gleta
del Glass of Coral Gables, Fla. She
is wearing a bathing suit made of
"currency" for a state-wide celebra
tion in Florida May 5, to signalize
the return o< prosperity, (Associat.
«d Press Photo)

That's the official title of Gleta
del Glass of Coral Gables, Fla. She
is wearing a bathing suit made of
"currency" for a state-wide celebra
tion in Florida May 5, to signalize
the return o< prosperity, (Associat.
«d Press Photo)

That's the official title of Gleta
del Glass of Coral Gables, Fla. She
is wearing a bathing suit made of
"currency" for a state-wide celebra
tion in Florida May 5, to signalize
the return o< prosperity, (Associat.
«d Press Photo)

That's the official title of Gleta
del Glass of Coral Gables, Fla. She
is wearing a bathing suit made of
"currency" for a state-wide celebra
tion in Florida May 5, to signalize
the return o< prosperity, (Associat.
«d Press Photo)
