# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
lllllltlltlllllllllllllllllllllllllMllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
| TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 257-Pass.
|7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars
| Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
iiiiiiiiiiiniiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinii
lllllltlltlllllllllllllllllllllllllMllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
| TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 257-Pass.
|7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars
| Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
iiiiiiiiiiiniiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinii
lllllltlltlllllllllllllllllllllllllMllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
| TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 257-Pass.
|7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars
| Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
iiiiiiiiiiiniiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinii
lllllltlltlllllllllllllllllllllllllMllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
| TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 257-Pass.
|7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars
| Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
iiiiiiiiiiiniiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinii
lllllltlltlllllllllllllllllllllllllMllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
| TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 257-Pass.
|7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars
| Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
iiiiiiiiiiiniiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinii
lllllltlltlllllllllllllllllllllllllMllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
| TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 257-Pass.
|7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars
| Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
iiiiiiiiiiiniiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinii
lllllltlltlllllllllllllllllllllllllMllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
| TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 257-Pass.
|7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars
| Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
iiiiiiiiiiiniiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinii
lllllltlltlllllllllllllllllllllllllMllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
| TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 257-Pass.
|7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars
| Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
iiiiiiiiiiiniiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinii
lllllltlltlllllllllllllllllllllllllMllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
| TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 257-Pass.
|7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars
| Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
iiiiiiiiiiiniiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinii
lllllltlltlllllllllllllllllllllllllMllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
| TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 257-Pass.
|7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars
| Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
iiiiiiiiiiiniiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinii
lllllltlltlllllllllllllllllllllllllMllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
| TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 257-Pass.
|7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars
| Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
iiiiiiiiiiiniiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinii
lllllltlltlllllllllllllllllllllllllMllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
| TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 257-Pass.
|7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars
| Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
iiiiiiiiiiiniiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinii
lllllltlltlllllllllllllllllllllllllMllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
| TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 257-Pass.
|7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars
| Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
iiiiiiiiiiiniiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinii
lllllltlltlllllllllllllllllllllllllMllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
| TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 257-Pass.
|7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars
| Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
iiiiiiiiiiiniiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinii
lllllltlltlllllllllllllllllllllllllMllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
| TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 257-Pass.
|7-Pass. and 5-Pass. Sedans and Touring Cars
| Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circle
iiiiiiiiiiiniiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinii
