# Dr. Martin Sets Up As Consulting Psychologist
## 
### 
Ur. Lillian J. Martin, the eminent
woman psychologist, long on the
Stanford Psychology department fac
ulty, is to open offices in San Fran
cisco as a "consultinng psychologist."
Dr. Martin was recently awarded the
distinction of being the second
woman to address that greatest of
scientific societies, the American As
sociation for the Advancement of Sci
ence.
She has originated an entirely new
method of mind-analysis, reading the
mind by feans of "mental images."
This theory of Dr. Martin's is her
alded as the most important develop
ment in psychology in recent years.
Dr. Martin was connected with Stan
ford from 1599 until last year, when
she retired as an emeritus professor,
having reached the age of sixty.
