# Shift Inn to Make Place for Library
## Many Improvements are Made on Campusâ€”Rooms in Encina are Filled 
### 
Moving of Stanford Inn to a site
opposite Wilson's campus store is
practically completed, and destruc
tion of Pine Cottage will soon begin,
in order to clear ground for the con
struction of the half-million-dollar
Jewel library, which will be the cen
tral architectural unit of the second
quadrangle. Actual work on the
library itself will begin the last of
this month or the first of February.
Meals will be served in the Inn, be
ginning today, despite the fact that
it is being moved, it being necessary
to give it a quarter-turn to make the
main entrance face the quad.
Occupy New Encina Rooms.
Most of the new rooms on the fifth
floor and basement of Encina Hall
were taken at the close of college,
last semester, and the remainder have
been set aside for entering students.
Three additional double rooms will be
created, when the alcoves on the sec
ond, third and fourth floors of the
men's dormitory, over the entrance
lobby on the ground lloor, are walled
off.
Having finished the exterior walls
