# SPECIAL NOTICES.
## 
### 
Miss 0. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
avenue.
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Senior student desires private in
struction in elementary German. Box
1166. 1-9
Miss 0. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
avenue.
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Senior student desires private in
struction in elementary German. Box
1166. 1-9
Miss 0. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
avenue.
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Senior student desires private in
struction in elementary German. Box
1166. 1-9
Miss 0. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
avenue.
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Senior student desires private in
struction in elementary German. Box
1166. 1-9
Miss 0. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
avenue.
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Senior student desires private in
struction in elementary German. Box
1166. 1-9
Miss 0. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
avenue.
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Senior student desires private in
struction in elementary German. Box
1166. 1-9
Miss 0. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
avenue.
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Senior student desires private in
struction in elementary German. Box
1166. 1-9
Miss 0. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
avenue.
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Senior student desires private in
struction in elementary German. Box
1166. 1-9
Miss 0. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
avenue.
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Senior student desires private in
struction in elementary German. Box
1166. 1-9
Miss 0. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
avenue.
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Senior student desires private in
struction in elementary German. Box
1166. 1-9
Miss 0. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
avenue.
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Senior student desires private in
struction in elementary German. Box
1166. 1-9
Miss 0. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
avenue.
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Senior student desires private in
struction in elementary German. Box
1166. 1-9
Miss 0. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
avenue.
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Senior student desires private in
struction in elementary German. Box
1166. 1-9
Miss 0. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
avenue.
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Senior student desires private in
struction in elementary German. Box
1166. 1-9
Miss 0. Drake carries up-to-date
line of millinery at 157 University
avenue.
Palo Alto Dairy Co. for best milk.
Phone 416 W.
Senior student desires private in
struction in elementary German. Box
1166. 1-9
