# FOUR COLLEGES DISPUTE FOOTBALL CHAMPIONSHIP.
## 
### 
From the showing made thus far it
appears that the Eastern football
championship will be fought out
among Yale, Harvard, Princeton, and
Dartmouth. The last two meet next
Saturday and one of them will be
eliminated then. Harvard has played
four games to date, the other three
teams five. The total scores to date
are Princeton, 231-6; Dartmouth, 190-
9; Harvard, 98-3; Yale, GO-3. Both
Harvard and Yale are free from op
posing touchdowns.
From the showing made thus far it
appears that the Eastern football
championship will be fought out
among Yale, Harvard, Princeton, and
Dartmouth. The last two meet next
Saturday and one of them will be
eliminated then. Harvard has played
four games to date, the other three
teams five. The total scores to date
are Princeton, 231-6; Dartmouth, 190-
9; Harvard, 98-3; Yale, GO-3. Both
Harvard and Yale are free from op
posing touchdowns.
From the showing made thus far it
appears that the Eastern football
championship will be fought out
among Yale, Harvard, Princeton, and
Dartmouth. The last two meet next
Saturday and one of them will be
eliminated then. Harvard has played
four games to date, the other three
teams five. The total scores to date
are Princeton, 231-6; Dartmouth, 190-
9; Harvard, 98-3; Yale, GO-3. Both
Harvard and Yale are free from op
posing touchdowns.
From the showing made thus far it
appears that the Eastern football
championship will be fought out
among Yale, Harvard, Princeton, and
Dartmouth. The last two meet next
Saturday and one of them will be
eliminated then. Harvard has played
four games to date, the other three
teams five. The total scores to date
are Princeton, 231-6; Dartmouth, 190-
9; Harvard, 98-3; Yale, GO-3. Both
Harvard and Yale are free from op
posing touchdowns.
From the showing made thus far it
appears that the Eastern football
championship will be fought out
among Yale, Harvard, Princeton, and
Dartmouth. The last two meet next
Saturday and one of them will be
eliminated then. Harvard has played
four games to date, the other three
teams five. The total scores to date
are Princeton, 231-6; Dartmouth, 190-
9; Harvard, 98-3; Yale, GO-3. Both
Harvard and Yale are free from op
posing touchdowns.
From the showing made thus far it
appears that the Eastern football
championship will be fought out
among Yale, Harvard, Princeton, and
Dartmouth. The last two meet next
Saturday and one of them will be
eliminated then. Harvard has played
four games to date, the other three
teams five. The total scores to date
are Princeton, 231-6; Dartmouth, 190-
9; Harvard, 98-3; Yale, GO-3. Both
Harvard and Yale are free from op
posing touchdowns.
From the showing made thus far it
appears that the Eastern football
championship will be fought out
among Yale, Harvard, Princeton, and
Dartmouth. The last two meet next
Saturday and one of them will be
eliminated then. Harvard has played
four games to date, the other three
teams five. The total scores to date
are Princeton, 231-6; Dartmouth, 190-
9; Harvard, 98-3; Yale, GO-3. Both
Harvard and Yale are free from op
posing touchdowns.
From the showing made thus far it
appears that the Eastern football
championship will be fought out
among Yale, Harvard, Princeton, and
Dartmouth. The last two meet next
Saturday and one of them will be
eliminated then. Harvard has played
four games to date, the other three
teams five. The total scores to date
are Princeton, 231-6; Dartmouth, 190-
9; Harvard, 98-3; Yale, GO-3. Both
Harvard and Yale are free from op
posing touchdowns.
From the showing made thus far it
appears that the Eastern football
championship will be fought out
among Yale, Harvard, Princeton, and
Dartmouth. The last two meet next
Saturday and one of them will be
eliminated then. Harvard has played
four games to date, the other three
teams five. The total scores to date
are Princeton, 231-6; Dartmouth, 190-
9; Harvard, 98-3; Yale, GO-3. Both
Harvard and Yale are free from op
posing touchdowns.
From the showing made thus far it
appears that the Eastern football
championship will be fought out
among Yale, Harvard, Princeton, and
Dartmouth. The last two meet next
Saturday and one of them will be
eliminated then. Harvard has played
four games to date, the other three
teams five. The total scores to date
are Princeton, 231-6; Dartmouth, 190-
9; Harvard, 98-3; Yale, GO-3. Both
Harvard and Yale are free from op
posing touchdowns.
From the showing made thus far it
appears that the Eastern football
championship will be fought out
among Yale, Harvard, Princeton, and
Dartmouth. The last two meet next
Saturday and one of them will be
eliminated then. Harvard has played
four games to date, the other three
teams five. The total scores to date
are Princeton, 231-6; Dartmouth, 190-
9; Harvard, 98-3; Yale, GO-3. Both
Harvard and Yale are free from op
posing touchdowns.
From the showing made thus far it
appears that the Eastern football
championship will be fought out
among Yale, Harvard, Princeton, and
Dartmouth. The last two meet next
Saturday and one of them will be
eliminated then. Harvard has played
four games to date, the other three
teams five. The total scores to date
are Princeton, 231-6; Dartmouth, 190-
9; Harvard, 98-3; Yale, GO-3. Both
Harvard and Yale are free from op
posing touchdowns.
From the showing made thus far it
appears that the Eastern football
championship will be fought out
among Yale, Harvard, Princeton, and
Dartmouth. The last two meet next
Saturday and one of them will be
eliminated then. Harvard has played
four games to date, the other three
teams five. The total scores to date
are Princeton, 231-6; Dartmouth, 190-
9; Harvard, 98-3; Yale, GO-3. Both
Harvard and Yale are free from op
posing touchdowns.
