# Untitled Article
## 
### 
From the manner in which the
cheap novels have been absorbed
by the students, the antidote for
overwork offered by The Hookstore
seems to have filled a long-felt
want. Twenty copies more have
been added to the list at the un
precedented price of twenty-five
cents each. |Come early and avoid
the rush.
From the manner in which the
cheap novels have been absorbed
by the students, the antidote for
overwork offered by The Hookstore
seems to have filled a long-felt
want. Twenty copies more have
been added to the list at the un
precedented price of twenty-five
cents each. |Come early and avoid
the rush.
From the manner in which the
cheap novels have been absorbed
by the students, the antidote for
overwork offered by The Hookstore
seems to have filled a long-felt
want. Twenty copies more have
been added to the list at the un
precedented price of twenty-five
cents each. |Come early and avoid
the rush.
From the manner in which the
cheap novels have been absorbed
by the students, the antidote for
overwork offered by The Hookstore
seems to have filled a long-felt
want. Twenty copies more have
been added to the list at the un
precedented price of twenty-five
cents each. |Come early and avoid
the rush.
From the manner in which the
cheap novels have been absorbed
by the students, the antidote for
overwork offered by The Hookstore
seems to have filled a long-felt
want. Twenty copies more have
been added to the list at the un
precedented price of twenty-five
cents each. |Come early and avoid
the rush.
From the manner in which the
cheap novels have been absorbed
by the students, the antidote for
overwork offered by The Hookstore
seems to have filled a long-felt
want. Twenty copies more have
been added to the list at the un
precedented price of twenty-five
cents each. |Come early and avoid
the rush.
From the manner in which the
cheap novels have been absorbed
by the students, the antidote for
overwork offered by The Hookstore
seems to have filled a long-felt
want. Twenty copies more have
been added to the list at the un
precedented price of twenty-five
cents each. |Come early and avoid
the rush.
From the manner in which the
cheap novels have been absorbed
by the students, the antidote for
overwork offered by The Hookstore
seems to have filled a long-felt
want. Twenty copies more have
been added to the list at the un
precedented price of twenty-five
cents each. |Come early and avoid
the rush.
