# Shortened Rushing Season To Continue Until April 25
## 
### 
Men's rushing, which started yes
terday, will end April 25, according to
the plans of the Interfraternity Coun
cil. The season has been shortened
this year from three to two periods,
the first ending Friday, and the sec
ond, which will start next Sunday,
ending the following Thursday at mid
night. Pledging will take place Fri
day, April 2f>, from 2 to 6 in the
afternoon. Luncheon and dinner dates
the rest of this week will be from
11:30 to 2:30 and 5:30 to 8 o'clock.
Men's rushing, which started yes
terday, will end April 25, according to
the plans of the Interfraternity Coun
cil. The season has been shortened
this year from three to two periods,
the first ending Friday, and the sec
ond, which will start next Sunday,
ending the following Thursday at mid
night. Pledging will take place Fri
day, April 2f>, from 2 to 6 in the
afternoon. Luncheon and dinner dates
the rest of this week will be from
11:30 to 2:30 and 5:30 to 8 o'clock.
Men's rushing, which started yes
terday, will end April 25, according to
the plans of the Interfraternity Coun
cil. The season has been shortened
this year from three to two periods,
the first ending Friday, and the sec
ond, which will start next Sunday,
ending the following Thursday at mid
night. Pledging will take place Fri
day, April 2f>, from 2 to 6 in the
afternoon. Luncheon and dinner dates
the rest of this week will be from
11:30 to 2:30 and 5:30 to 8 o'clock.
Men's rushing, which started yes
terday, will end April 25, according to
the plans of the Interfraternity Coun
cil. The season has been shortened
this year from three to two periods,
the first ending Friday, and the sec
ond, which will start next Sunday,
ending the following Thursday at mid
night. Pledging will take place Fri
day, April 2f>, from 2 to 6 in the
afternoon. Luncheon and dinner dates
the rest of this week will be from
11:30 to 2:30 and 5:30 to 8 o'clock.
Men's rushing, which started yes
terday, will end April 25, according to
the plans of the Interfraternity Coun
cil. The season has been shortened
this year from three to two periods,
the first ending Friday, and the sec
ond, which will start next Sunday,
ending the following Thursday at mid
night. Pledging will take place Fri
day, April 2f>, from 2 to 6 in the
afternoon. Luncheon and dinner dates
the rest of this week will be from
11:30 to 2:30 and 5:30 to 8 o'clock.
Men's rushing, which started yes
terday, will end April 25, according to
the plans of the Interfraternity Coun
cil. The season has been shortened
this year from three to two periods,
the first ending Friday, and the sec
ond, which will start next Sunday,
ending the following Thursday at mid
night. Pledging will take place Fri
day, April 2f>, from 2 to 6 in the
afternoon. Luncheon and dinner dates
the rest of this week will be from
11:30 to 2:30 and 5:30 to 8 o'clock.
Men's rushing, which started yes
terday, will end April 25, according to
the plans of the Interfraternity Coun
cil. The season has been shortened
this year from three to two periods,
the first ending Friday, and the sec
ond, which will start next Sunday,
ending the following Thursday at mid
night. Pledging will take place Fri
day, April 2f>, from 2 to 6 in the
afternoon. Luncheon and dinner dates
the rest of this week will be from
11:30 to 2:30 and 5:30 to 8 o'clock.
Men's rushing, which started yes
terday, will end April 25, according to
the plans of the Interfraternity Coun
cil. The season has been shortened
this year from three to two periods,
the first ending Friday, and the sec
ond, which will start next Sunday,
ending the following Thursday at mid
night. Pledging will take place Fri
day, April 2f>, from 2 to 6 in the
afternoon. Luncheon and dinner dates
the rest of this week will be from
11:30 to 2:30 and 5:30 to 8 o'clock.
Men's rushing, which started yes
terday, will end April 25, according to
the plans of the Interfraternity Coun
cil. The season has been shortened
this year from three to two periods,
the first ending Friday, and the sec
ond, which will start next Sunday,
ending the following Thursday at mid
night. Pledging will take place Fri
day, April 2f>, from 2 to 6 in the
afternoon. Luncheon and dinner dates
the rest of this week will be from
11:30 to 2:30 and 5:30 to 8 o'clock.
Men's rushing, which started yes
terday, will end April 25, according to
the plans of the Interfraternity Coun
cil. The season has been shortened
this year from three to two periods,
the first ending Friday, and the sec
ond, which will start next Sunday,
ending the following Thursday at mid
night. Pledging will take place Fri
day, April 2f>, from 2 to 6 in the
afternoon. Luncheon and dinner dates
the rest of this week will be from
11:30 to 2:30 and 5:30 to 8 o'clock.
Men's rushing, which started yes
terday, will end April 25, according to
the plans of the Interfraternity Coun
cil. The season has been shortened
this year from three to two periods,
the first ending Friday, and the sec
ond, which will start next Sunday,
ending the following Thursday at mid
night. Pledging will take place Fri
day, April 2f>, from 2 to 6 in the
afternoon. Luncheon and dinner dates
the rest of this week will be from
11:30 to 2:30 and 5:30 to 8 o'clock.
Men's rushing, which started yes
terday, will end April 25, according to
the plans of the Interfraternity Coun
cil. The season has been shortened
this year from three to two periods,
the first ending Friday, and the sec
ond, which will start next Sunday,
ending the following Thursday at mid
night. Pledging will take place Fri
day, April 2f>, from 2 to 6 in the
afternoon. Luncheon and dinner dates
the rest of this week will be from
11:30 to 2:30 and 5:30 to 8 o'clock.
Men's rushing, which started yes
terday, will end April 25, according to
the plans of the Interfraternity Coun
cil. The season has been shortened
this year from three to two periods,
the first ending Friday, and the sec
ond, which will start next Sunday,
ending the following Thursday at mid
night. Pledging will take place Fri
day, April 2f>, from 2 to 6 in the
afternoon. Luncheon and dinner dates
the rest of this week will be from
11:30 to 2:30 and 5:30 to 8 o'clock.
Men's rushing, which started yes
terday, will end April 25, according to
the plans of the Interfraternity Coun
cil. The season has been shortened
this year from three to two periods,
the first ending Friday, and the sec
ond, which will start next Sunday,
ending the following Thursday at mid
night. Pledging will take place Fri
day, April 2f>, from 2 to 6 in the
afternoon. Luncheon and dinner dates
the rest of this week will be from
11:30 to 2:30 and 5:30 to 8 o'clock.
Men's rushing, which started yes
terday, will end April 25, according to
the plans of the Interfraternity Coun
cil. The season has been shortened
this year from three to two periods,
the first ending Friday, and the sec
ond, which will start next Sunday,
ending the following Thursday at mid
night. Pledging will take place Fri
day, April 2f>, from 2 to 6 in the
afternoon. Luncheon and dinner dates
the rest of this week will be from
11:30 to 2:30 and 5:30 to 8 o'clock.
Men's rushing, which started yes
terday, will end April 25, according to
the plans of the Interfraternity Coun
cil. The season has been shortened
this year from three to two periods,
the first ending Friday, and the sec
ond, which will start next Sunday,
ending the following Thursday at mid
night. Pledging will take place Fri
day, April 2f>, from 2 to 6 in the
afternoon. Luncheon and dinner dates
the rest of this week will be from
11:30 to 2:30 and 5:30 to 8 o'clock.
Men's rushing, which started yes
terday, will end April 25, according to
the plans of the Interfraternity Coun
cil. The season has been shortened
this year from three to two periods,
the first ending Friday, and the sec
ond, which will start next Sunday,
ending the following Thursday at mid
night. Pledging will take place Fri
day, April 2f>, from 2 to 6 in the
afternoon. Luncheon and dinner dates
the rest of this week will be from
11:30 to 2:30 and 5:30 to 8 o'clock.
