# U.C. CREW PREPARES TO DEFEND TITLE AT POUGHKEEPSIE RACES
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, April 14. OP)—
Rulers of Pacific Coast waters for a
third successive year, University of
California's Rears have put aside
thoughts of Saturday's decisive vic
tory over Washington's Huskies to
prepare for their defense of the na
tional intercollegiate rowing cham
pionship.
The California crew that will com
pete at Poughkeepsie this season for
the right to man the flagship of the
collegiate "navy" is more powerful
than the eight that won the same
honor last year and, in addition, cap
tured every major title of the world,
including the Olympic (James cham
pionship.
With but hardly any competition
Saturday, except for the first 200
yards, the California varsity raced
over the three-mile course in 15 min
utes, 14 seconds, but 5 second above
the course record.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 14. OP)—
Rulers of Pacific Coast waters for a
third successive year, University of
California's Rears have put aside
thoughts of Saturday's decisive vic
tory over Washington's Huskies to
prepare for their defense of the na
tional intercollegiate rowing cham
pionship.
The California crew that will com
pete at Poughkeepsie this season for
the right to man the flagship of the
collegiate "navy" is more powerful
than the eight that won the same
honor last year and, in addition, cap
tured every major title of the world,
including the Olympic (James cham
pionship.
With but hardly any competition
Saturday, except for the first 200
yards, the California varsity raced
over the three-mile course in 15 min
utes, 14 seconds, but 5 second above
the course record.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 14. OP)—
Rulers of Pacific Coast waters for a
third successive year, University of
California's Rears have put aside
thoughts of Saturday's decisive vic
tory over Washington's Huskies to
prepare for their defense of the na
tional intercollegiate rowing cham
pionship.
The California crew that will com
pete at Poughkeepsie this season for
the right to man the flagship of the
collegiate "navy" is more powerful
than the eight that won the same
honor last year and, in addition, cap
tured every major title of the world,
including the Olympic (James cham
pionship.
With but hardly any competition
Saturday, except for the first 200
yards, the California varsity raced
over the three-mile course in 15 min
utes, 14 seconds, but 5 second above
the course record.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 14. OP)—
Rulers of Pacific Coast waters for a
third successive year, University of
California's Rears have put aside
thoughts of Saturday's decisive vic
tory over Washington's Huskies to
prepare for their defense of the na
tional intercollegiate rowing cham
pionship.
The California crew that will com
pete at Poughkeepsie this season for
the right to man the flagship of the
collegiate "navy" is more powerful
than the eight that won the same
honor last year and, in addition, cap
tured every major title of the world,
including the Olympic (James cham
pionship.
With but hardly any competition
Saturday, except for the first 200
yards, the California varsity raced
over the three-mile course in 15 min
utes, 14 seconds, but 5 second above
the course record.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 14. OP)—
Rulers of Pacific Coast waters for a
third successive year, University of
California's Rears have put aside
thoughts of Saturday's decisive vic
tory over Washington's Huskies to
prepare for their defense of the na
tional intercollegiate rowing cham
pionship.
The California crew that will com
pete at Poughkeepsie this season for
the right to man the flagship of the
collegiate "navy" is more powerful
than the eight that won the same
honor last year and, in addition, cap
tured every major title of the world,
including the Olympic (James cham
pionship.
With but hardly any competition
Saturday, except for the first 200
yards, the California varsity raced
over the three-mile course in 15 min
utes, 14 seconds, but 5 second above
the course record.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 14. OP)—
Rulers of Pacific Coast waters for a
third successive year, University of
California's Rears have put aside
thoughts of Saturday's decisive vic
tory over Washington's Huskies to
prepare for their defense of the na
tional intercollegiate rowing cham
pionship.
The California crew that will com
pete at Poughkeepsie this season for
the right to man the flagship of the
collegiate "navy" is more powerful
than the eight that won the same
honor last year and, in addition, cap
tured every major title of the world,
including the Olympic (James cham
pionship.
With but hardly any competition
Saturday, except for the first 200
yards, the California varsity raced
over the three-mile course in 15 min
utes, 14 seconds, but 5 second above
the course record.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 14. OP)—
Rulers of Pacific Coast waters for a
third successive year, University of
California's Rears have put aside
thoughts of Saturday's decisive vic
tory over Washington's Huskies to
prepare for their defense of the na
tional intercollegiate rowing cham
pionship.
The California crew that will com
pete at Poughkeepsie this season for
the right to man the flagship of the
collegiate "navy" is more powerful
than the eight that won the same
honor last year and, in addition, cap
tured every major title of the world,
including the Olympic (James cham
pionship.
With but hardly any competition
Saturday, except for the first 200
yards, the California varsity raced
over the three-mile course in 15 min
utes, 14 seconds, but 5 second above
the course record.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 14. OP)—
Rulers of Pacific Coast waters for a
third successive year, University of
California's Rears have put aside
thoughts of Saturday's decisive vic
tory over Washington's Huskies to
prepare for their defense of the na
tional intercollegiate rowing cham
pionship.
The California crew that will com
pete at Poughkeepsie this season for
the right to man the flagship of the
collegiate "navy" is more powerful
than the eight that won the same
honor last year and, in addition, cap
tured every major title of the world,
including the Olympic (James cham
pionship.
With but hardly any competition
Saturday, except for the first 200
yards, the California varsity raced
over the three-mile course in 15 min
utes, 14 seconds, but 5 second above
the course record.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 14. OP)—
Rulers of Pacific Coast waters for a
third successive year, University of
California's Rears have put aside
thoughts of Saturday's decisive vic
tory over Washington's Huskies to
prepare for their defense of the na
tional intercollegiate rowing cham
pionship.
The California crew that will com
pete at Poughkeepsie this season for
the right to man the flagship of the
collegiate "navy" is more powerful
than the eight that won the same
honor last year and, in addition, cap
tured every major title of the world,
including the Olympic (James cham
pionship.
With but hardly any competition
Saturday, except for the first 200
yards, the California varsity raced
over the three-mile course in 15 min
utes, 14 seconds, but 5 second above
the course record.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 14. OP)—
Rulers of Pacific Coast waters for a
third successive year, University of
California's Rears have put aside
thoughts of Saturday's decisive vic
tory over Washington's Huskies to
prepare for their defense of the na
tional intercollegiate rowing cham
pionship.
The California crew that will com
pete at Poughkeepsie this season for
the right to man the flagship of the
collegiate "navy" is more powerful
than the eight that won the same
honor last year and, in addition, cap
tured every major title of the world,
including the Olympic (James cham
pionship.
With but hardly any competition
Saturday, except for the first 200
yards, the California varsity raced
over the three-mile course in 15 min
utes, 14 seconds, but 5 second above
the course record.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 14. OP)—
Rulers of Pacific Coast waters for a
third successive year, University of
California's Rears have put aside
thoughts of Saturday's decisive vic
tory over Washington's Huskies to
prepare for their defense of the na
tional intercollegiate rowing cham
pionship.
The California crew that will com
pete at Poughkeepsie this season for
the right to man the flagship of the
collegiate "navy" is more powerful
than the eight that won the same
honor last year and, in addition, cap
tured every major title of the world,
including the Olympic (James cham
pionship.
With but hardly any competition
Saturday, except for the first 200
yards, the California varsity raced
over the three-mile course in 15 min
utes, 14 seconds, but 5 second above
the course record.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 14. OP)—
Rulers of Pacific Coast waters for a
third successive year, University of
California's Rears have put aside
thoughts of Saturday's decisive vic
tory over Washington's Huskies to
prepare for their defense of the na
tional intercollegiate rowing cham
pionship.
The California crew that will com
pete at Poughkeepsie this season for
the right to man the flagship of the
collegiate "navy" is more powerful
than the eight that won the same
honor last year and, in addition, cap
tured every major title of the world,
including the Olympic (James cham
pionship.
With but hardly any competition
Saturday, except for the first 200
yards, the California varsity raced
over the three-mile course in 15 min
utes, 14 seconds, but 5 second above
the course record.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 14. OP)—
Rulers of Pacific Coast waters for a
third successive year, University of
California's Rears have put aside
thoughts of Saturday's decisive vic
tory over Washington's Huskies to
prepare for their defense of the na
tional intercollegiate rowing cham
pionship.
The California crew that will com
pete at Poughkeepsie this season for
the right to man the flagship of the
collegiate "navy" is more powerful
than the eight that won the same
honor last year and, in addition, cap
tured every major title of the world,
including the Olympic (James cham
pionship.
With but hardly any competition
Saturday, except for the first 200
yards, the California varsity raced
over the three-mile course in 15 min
utes, 14 seconds, but 5 second above
the course record.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 14. OP)—
Rulers of Pacific Coast waters for a
third successive year, University of
California's Rears have put aside
thoughts of Saturday's decisive vic
tory over Washington's Huskies to
prepare for their defense of the na
tional intercollegiate rowing cham
pionship.
The California crew that will com
pete at Poughkeepsie this season for
the right to man the flagship of the
collegiate "navy" is more powerful
than the eight that won the same
honor last year and, in addition, cap
tured every major title of the world,
including the Olympic (James cham
pionship.
With but hardly any competition
Saturday, except for the first 200
yards, the California varsity raced
over the three-mile course in 15 min
utes, 14 seconds, but 5 second above
the course record.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 14. OP)—
Rulers of Pacific Coast waters for a
third successive year, University of
California's Rears have put aside
thoughts of Saturday's decisive vic
tory over Washington's Huskies to
prepare for their defense of the na
tional intercollegiate rowing cham
pionship.
The California crew that will com
pete at Poughkeepsie this season for
the right to man the flagship of the
collegiate "navy" is more powerful
than the eight that won the same
honor last year and, in addition, cap
tured every major title of the world,
including the Olympic (James cham
pionship.
With but hardly any competition
Saturday, except for the first 200
yards, the California varsity raced
over the three-mile course in 15 min
utes, 14 seconds, but 5 second above
the course record.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 14. OP)—
Rulers of Pacific Coast waters for a
third successive year, University of
California's Rears have put aside
thoughts of Saturday's decisive vic
tory over Washington's Huskies to
prepare for their defense of the na
tional intercollegiate rowing cham
pionship.
The California crew that will com
pete at Poughkeepsie this season for
the right to man the flagship of the
collegiate "navy" is more powerful
than the eight that won the same
honor last year and, in addition, cap
tured every major title of the world,
including the Olympic (James cham
pionship.
With but hardly any competition
Saturday, except for the first 200
yards, the California varsity raced
over the three-mile course in 15 min
utes, 14 seconds, but 5 second above
the course record.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 14. OP)—
Rulers of Pacific Coast waters for a
third successive year, University of
California's Rears have put aside
thoughts of Saturday's decisive vic
tory over Washington's Huskies to
prepare for their defense of the na
tional intercollegiate rowing cham
pionship.
The California crew that will com
pete at Poughkeepsie this season for
the right to man the flagship of the
collegiate "navy" is more powerful
than the eight that won the same
honor last year and, in addition, cap
tured every major title of the world,
including the Olympic (James cham
pionship.
With but hardly any competition
Saturday, except for the first 200
yards, the California varsity raced
over the three-mile course in 15 min
utes, 14 seconds, but 5 second above
the course record.
