# The
						Democratic Reception at Roble.
## 
### 
From nine till ten o'clock last
evening the democratic youug liulies
ol'Roble entertained the members of
the Democratic Club. After the first
formalities of introduction had been
performed, the evening was pleas
antly spent amid mutual congratula
tions and rejoicings over the great
victory. There were gentlemen pres
ent bearing the distinguished names
of the last three democratic presi
dents, Pierce, Buchanan, and Cleve
land, a circumstance which created
no little enthusiasm. Refreshments
werjp served in one of the music
rooms, and the time-honored repub
lican doctrine of "to the victor be
longs the spoils," received a new and
highly en joyable interpretation. On
departing three cheers to the young
ladies for their hospitality wore given
with a will.
