# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Tales
Will tales of missed kicks
always dog the football
team?
page 7

of
the Pac-10, Stanford's
women's cross-country team
is the best.
page 7

the City
Two doctors from the City
encourage med students to
join the family-care field.
page 8

Tales
Will tales of missed kicks
always dog the football
team?
page 7

of
the Pac-10, Stanford's
women's cross-country team
is the best.
page 7

the City
Two doctors from the City
encourage med students to
join the family-care field.
page 8

Tales
Will tales of missed kicks
always dog the football
team?
page 7

of
the Pac-10, Stanford's
women's cross-country team
is the best.
page 7

the City
Two doctors from the City
encourage med students to
join the family-care field.
page 8

Tales
Will tales of missed kicks
always dog the football
team?
page 7

of
the Pac-10, Stanford's
women's cross-country team
is the best.
page 7

the City
Two doctors from the City
encourage med students to
join the family-care field.
page 8

Tales
Will tales of missed kicks
always dog the football
team?
page 7

of
the Pac-10, Stanford's
women's cross-country team
is the best.
page 7

the City
Two doctors from the City
encourage med students to
join the family-care field.
page 8

Tales
Will tales of missed kicks
always dog the football
team?
page 7

of
the Pac-10, Stanford's
women's cross-country team
is the best.
page 7

the City
Two doctors from the City
encourage med students to
join the family-care field.
page 8

Tales
Will tales of missed kicks
always dog the football
team?
page 7

of
the Pac-10, Stanford's
women's cross-country team
is the best.
page 7

the City
Two doctors from the City
encourage med students to
join the family-care field.
page 8

