# Four Engineers Take Part in Meet
## 
### 
Four members of the Stanford
engineering faculty played key
roles in the fourth annual West
ern Quality Control Conference,
September 9 and 10 at the Mark
Hopkins Hotel in San Francisco.
W. Grant Ireson, head of Ihe
Industrial Engineering Depart
ment, was vice-chairman and the
principal speaker. His address
was entitled "History of Quality
Control."
E. Finley Carter, director of
the Stanford Research Institute,
spoke on the responsibility of
management in quality control.
Gerald J. Lieberman of Stan
ford's Applied Mathematics and
Statistics Laboratory was pro
gram chairman. Eugene L. Grant,
an engineering economics special
ist, was a member of the advisory
board.
