# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
White Stag
fun togs
in wonderful new light
weight summer poplins
SEPARATES
skirts
sleeveless blouses
shorts
pedal pushers
slacks
terry lined beach
coats
Bright Colors
Phelps
Terfeel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
White Stag
fun togs
in wonderful new light
weight summer poplins
SEPARATES
skirts
sleeveless blouses
shorts
pedal pushers
slacks
terry lined beach
coats
Bright Colors
Phelps
Terfeel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
White Stag
fun togs
in wonderful new light
weight summer poplins
SEPARATES
skirts
sleeveless blouses
shorts
pedal pushers
slacks
terry lined beach
coats
Bright Colors
Phelps
Terfeel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
White Stag
fun togs
in wonderful new light
weight summer poplins
SEPARATES
skirts
sleeveless blouses
shorts
pedal pushers
slacks
terry lined beach
coats
Bright Colors
Phelps
Terfeel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
White Stag
fun togs
in wonderful new light
weight summer poplins
SEPARATES
skirts
sleeveless blouses
shorts
pedal pushers
slacks
terry lined beach
coats
Bright Colors
Phelps
Terfeel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
White Stag
fun togs
in wonderful new light
weight summer poplins
SEPARATES
skirts
sleeveless blouses
shorts
pedal pushers
slacks
terry lined beach
coats
Bright Colors
Phelps
Terfeel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
White Stag
fun togs
in wonderful new light
weight summer poplins
SEPARATES
skirts
sleeveless blouses
shorts
pedal pushers
slacks
terry lined beach
coats
Bright Colors
Phelps
Terfeel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
White Stag
fun togs
in wonderful new light
weight summer poplins
SEPARATES
skirts
sleeveless blouses
shorts
pedal pushers
slacks
terry lined beach
coats
Bright Colors
Phelps
Terfeel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
White Stag
fun togs
in wonderful new light
weight summer poplins
SEPARATES
skirts
sleeveless blouses
shorts
pedal pushers
slacks
terry lined beach
coats
Bright Colors
Phelps
Terfeel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
White Stag
fun togs
in wonderful new light
weight summer poplins
SEPARATES
skirts
sleeveless blouses
shorts
pedal pushers
slacks
terry lined beach
coats
Bright Colors
Phelps
Terfeel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
White Stag
fun togs
in wonderful new light
weight summer poplins
SEPARATES
skirts
sleeveless blouses
shorts
pedal pushers
slacks
terry lined beach
coats
Bright Colors
Phelps
Terfeel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
White Stag
fun togs
in wonderful new light
weight summer poplins
SEPARATES
skirts
sleeveless blouses
shorts
pedal pushers
slacks
terry lined beach
coats
Bright Colors
Phelps
Terfeel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
White Stag
fun togs
in wonderful new light
weight summer poplins
SEPARATES
skirts
sleeveless blouses
shorts
pedal pushers
slacks
terry lined beach
coats
Bright Colors
Phelps
Terfeel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
White Stag
fun togs
in wonderful new light
weight summer poplins
SEPARATES
skirts
sleeveless blouses
shorts
pedal pushers
slacks
terry lined beach
coats
Bright Colors
Phelps
Terfeel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
