# SOCIAL CHAIRMEN'S PARTY
## 
### 
A social chairmen's party will be
held tonight at Rudy's Alpine Inn
from 7 to 10 under the sponsorship
of the ASSU Social Co-ordinating
Board. Quad clothes will be worn,
and the party will be Dutch treat.
A social chairmen's party will be
held tonight at Rudy's Alpine Inn
from 7 to 10 under the sponsorship
of the ASSU Social Co-ordinating
Board. Quad clothes will be worn,
and the party will be Dutch treat.
A social chairmen's party will be
held tonight at Rudy's Alpine Inn
from 7 to 10 under the sponsorship
of the ASSU Social Co-ordinating
Board. Quad clothes will be worn,
and the party will be Dutch treat.
A social chairmen's party will be
held tonight at Rudy's Alpine Inn
from 7 to 10 under the sponsorship
of the ASSU Social Co-ordinating
Board. Quad clothes will be worn,
and the party will be Dutch treat.
A social chairmen's party will be
held tonight at Rudy's Alpine Inn
from 7 to 10 under the sponsorship
of the ASSU Social Co-ordinating
Board. Quad clothes will be worn,
and the party will be Dutch treat.
A social chairmen's party will be
held tonight at Rudy's Alpine Inn
from 7 to 10 under the sponsorship
of the ASSU Social Co-ordinating
Board. Quad clothes will be worn,
and the party will be Dutch treat.
A social chairmen's party will be
held tonight at Rudy's Alpine Inn
from 7 to 10 under the sponsorship
of the ASSU Social Co-ordinating
Board. Quad clothes will be worn,
and the party will be Dutch treat.
A social chairmen's party will be
held tonight at Rudy's Alpine Inn
from 7 to 10 under the sponsorship
of the ASSU Social Co-ordinating
Board. Quad clothes will be worn,
and the party will be Dutch treat.
A social chairmen's party will be
held tonight at Rudy's Alpine Inn
from 7 to 10 under the sponsorship
of the ASSU Social Co-ordinating
Board. Quad clothes will be worn,
and the party will be Dutch treat.
A social chairmen's party will be
held tonight at Rudy's Alpine Inn
from 7 to 10 under the sponsorship
of the ASSU Social Co-ordinating
Board. Quad clothes will be worn,
and the party will be Dutch treat.
A social chairmen's party will be
held tonight at Rudy's Alpine Inn
from 7 to 10 under the sponsorship
of the ASSU Social Co-ordinating
Board. Quad clothes will be worn,
and the party will be Dutch treat.
A social chairmen's party will be
held tonight at Rudy's Alpine Inn
from 7 to 10 under the sponsorship
of the ASSU Social Co-ordinating
Board. Quad clothes will be worn,
and the party will be Dutch treat.
A social chairmen's party will be
held tonight at Rudy's Alpine Inn
from 7 to 10 under the sponsorship
of the ASSU Social Co-ordinating
Board. Quad clothes will be worn,
and the party will be Dutch treat.
A social chairmen's party will be
held tonight at Rudy's Alpine Inn
from 7 to 10 under the sponsorship
of the ASSU Social Co-ordinating
Board. Quad clothes will be worn,
and the party will be Dutch treat.
