# Correction
## 
### 
The forum on the U.S. budget
deficit Wednesday was held in
Branner, not Roble, as reported
yesterday.

Norm Robinson is dean of
Residential Education and asso
ciate dean of Student Affairs.
The Daily regrets the errors.
The forum on the U.S. budget
deficit Wednesday was held in
Branner, not Roble, as reported
yesterday.

Norm Robinson is dean of
Residential Education and asso
ciate dean of Student Affairs.
The Daily regrets the errors.
The forum on the U.S. budget
deficit Wednesday was held in
Branner, not Roble, as reported
yesterday.

Norm Robinson is dean of
Residential Education and asso
ciate dean of Student Affairs.
The Daily regrets the errors.
The forum on the U.S. budget
deficit Wednesday was held in
Branner, not Roble, as reported
yesterday.

Norm Robinson is dean of
Residential Education and asso
ciate dean of Student Affairs.
The Daily regrets the errors.
The forum on the U.S. budget
deficit Wednesday was held in
Branner, not Roble, as reported
yesterday.

Norm Robinson is dean of
Residential Education and asso
ciate dean of Student Affairs.
The Daily regrets the errors.
The forum on the U.S. budget
deficit Wednesday was held in
Branner, not Roble, as reported
yesterday.

Norm Robinson is dean of
Residential Education and asso
ciate dean of Student Affairs.
The Daily regrets the errors.
The forum on the U.S. budget
deficit Wednesday was held in
Branner, not Roble, as reported
yesterday.

Norm Robinson is dean of
Residential Education and asso
ciate dean of Student Affairs.
The Daily regrets the errors.
The forum on the U.S. budget
deficit Wednesday was held in
Branner, not Roble, as reported
yesterday.

Norm Robinson is dean of
Residential Education and asso
ciate dean of Student Affairs.
The Daily regrets the errors.
