# PROFESSOR ESPINOSA TO STUDY IN EUROPE
## 
### 
Professor A. M. Espinosa, of the
Spanish department, is to leave in June
on a six month's expedition to Europe
for the purpose of collecting Spanish
flolklore. He will make a comparative
study of the tales of Spain with those
of Latin America and will also make
studies in the Vatican Library in Rome.

In a recent debate in the Filipino
House of Representatives, the English
language was use for the first time.

The members so participating were
graduates of the University of the
Philippines.
Professor A. M. Espinosa, of the
Spanish department, is to leave in June
on a six month's expedition to Europe
for the purpose of collecting Spanish
flolklore. He will make a comparative
study of the tales of Spain with those
of Latin America and will also make
studies in the Vatican Library in Rome.

In a recent debate in the Filipino
House of Representatives, the English
language was use for the first time.

The members so participating were
graduates of the University of the
Philippines.
Professor A. M. Espinosa, of the
Spanish department, is to leave in June
on a six month's expedition to Europe
for the purpose of collecting Spanish
flolklore. He will make a comparative
study of the tales of Spain with those
of Latin America and will also make
studies in the Vatican Library in Rome.

In a recent debate in the Filipino
House of Representatives, the English
language was use for the first time.

The members so participating were
graduates of the University of the
Philippines.
Professor A. M. Espinosa, of the
Spanish department, is to leave in June
on a six month's expedition to Europe
for the purpose of collecting Spanish
flolklore. He will make a comparative
study of the tales of Spain with those
of Latin America and will also make
studies in the Vatican Library in Rome.

In a recent debate in the Filipino
House of Representatives, the English
language was use for the first time.

The members so participating were
graduates of the University of the
Philippines.
Professor A. M. Espinosa, of the
Spanish department, is to leave in June
on a six month's expedition to Europe
for the purpose of collecting Spanish
flolklore. He will make a comparative
study of the tales of Spain with those
of Latin America and will also make
studies in the Vatican Library in Rome.

In a recent debate in the Filipino
House of Representatives, the English
language was use for the first time.

The members so participating were
graduates of the University of the
Philippines.
Professor A. M. Espinosa, of the
Spanish department, is to leave in June
on a six month's expedition to Europe
for the purpose of collecting Spanish
flolklore. He will make a comparative
study of the tales of Spain with those
of Latin America and will also make
studies in the Vatican Library in Rome.

In a recent debate in the Filipino
House of Representatives, the English
language was use for the first time.

The members so participating were
graduates of the University of the
Philippines.
Professor A. M. Espinosa, of the
Spanish department, is to leave in June
on a six month's expedition to Europe
for the purpose of collecting Spanish
flolklore. He will make a comparative
study of the tales of Spain with those
of Latin America and will also make
studies in the Vatican Library in Rome.

In a recent debate in the Filipino
House of Representatives, the English
language was use for the first time.

The members so participating were
graduates of the University of the
Philippines.
Professor A. M. Espinosa, of the
Spanish department, is to leave in June
on a six month's expedition to Europe
for the purpose of collecting Spanish
flolklore. He will make a comparative
study of the tales of Spain with those
of Latin America and will also make
studies in the Vatican Library in Rome.

In a recent debate in the Filipino
House of Representatives, the English
language was use for the first time.

The members so participating were
graduates of the University of the
Philippines.
Professor A. M. Espinosa, of the
Spanish department, is to leave in June
on a six month's expedition to Europe
for the purpose of collecting Spanish
flolklore. He will make a comparative
study of the tales of Spain with those
of Latin America and will also make
studies in the Vatican Library in Rome.

In a recent debate in the Filipino
House of Representatives, the English
language was use for the first time.

The members so participating were
graduates of the University of the
Philippines.
Professor A. M. Espinosa, of the
Spanish department, is to leave in June
on a six month's expedition to Europe
for the purpose of collecting Spanish
flolklore. He will make a comparative
study of the tales of Spain with those
of Latin America and will also make
studies in the Vatican Library in Rome.

In a recent debate in the Filipino
House of Representatives, the English
language was use for the first time.

The members so participating were
graduates of the University of the
Philippines.
Professor A. M. Espinosa, of the
Spanish department, is to leave in June
on a six month's expedition to Europe
for the purpose of collecting Spanish
flolklore. He will make a comparative
study of the tales of Spain with those
of Latin America and will also make
studies in the Vatican Library in Rome.

In a recent debate in the Filipino
House of Representatives, the English
language was use for the first time.

The members so participating were
graduates of the University of the
Philippines.
Professor A. M. Espinosa, of the
Spanish department, is to leave in June
on a six month's expedition to Europe
for the purpose of collecting Spanish
flolklore. He will make a comparative
study of the tales of Spain with those
of Latin America and will also make
studies in the Vatican Library in Rome.

In a recent debate in the Filipino
House of Representatives, the English
language was use for the first time.

The members so participating were
graduates of the University of the
Philippines.
