# WOMEN APPOINT NEW ACTIVITY COMMITTEE
## 
### 
Suggestions for the new activity which
is being promoted by the women of the
University are earnestly solicited by the
committee which has been appoinfed by
Dorothy Johnston, '20, president of Or
ganized Women. The personnel of the
committee is as follows: Elizabeth Pat
ton, '21, chairman; Anne Hardy, '21,
Anne Gardner, '20, Dorothy Marston,
'21, Mildred Maurer, '21. Dorothy Hare,
'21, Marion Yreeland, Laura Getz, '21,
Marion Clancy, '22. Elaine Adrian, '22.
Bernice Frankenheimcr, '20, Kirby In
golshv, '20, and Dorothy Flail, '21.
The new activity which is to be rep
resentative of the talent of the women,
and given solely by them will probably
take the form of a festival of some sort
to be given in the spring. It will be
dramatic in nature. The exact nature of
the new activity and its name have not
been decided on as yet.
