# Fraternity Conference Meets Tomorrow Night
## 
### 
A special meeting of the Interfrater
nity Conference has been called for
Wednesday night at which time the San
Francisco chapter of the National lnter
fraternity Conference will meet with the
local student organization. The purpose
of the meeting is not known, the meeting
having been called at the request of K.
1,. Schaupp, president of the San I*ran
cisco organization. Schaupp was in the
class of '12 and is a member of Phi
Gamma Delta.
The meeting will he held at the Stan
ford Union tomorrow night at 8:30 p. m.
and all houses have been requested to
have their respective representatives
present.
A special meeting of the Interfrater
nity Conference has been called for
Wednesday night at which time the San
Francisco chapter of the National lnter
fraternity Conference will meet with the
local student organization. The purpose
of the meeting is not known, the meeting
having been called at the request of K.
1,. Schaupp, president of the San I*ran
cisco organization. Schaupp was in the
class of '12 and is a member of Phi
Gamma Delta.
The meeting will he held at the Stan
ford Union tomorrow night at 8:30 p. m.
and all houses have been requested to
have their respective representatives
present.
A special meeting of the Interfrater
nity Conference has been called for
Wednesday night at which time the San
Francisco chapter of the National lnter
fraternity Conference will meet with the
local student organization. The purpose
of the meeting is not known, the meeting
having been called at the request of K.
1,. Schaupp, president of the San I*ran
cisco organization. Schaupp was in the
class of '12 and is a member of Phi
Gamma Delta.
The meeting will he held at the Stan
ford Union tomorrow night at 8:30 p. m.
and all houses have been requested to
have their respective representatives
present.
A special meeting of the Interfrater
nity Conference has been called for
Wednesday night at which time the San
Francisco chapter of the National lnter
fraternity Conference will meet with the
local student organization. The purpose
of the meeting is not known, the meeting
having been called at the request of K.
1,. Schaupp, president of the San I*ran
cisco organization. Schaupp was in the
class of '12 and is a member of Phi
Gamma Delta.
The meeting will he held at the Stan
ford Union tomorrow night at 8:30 p. m.
and all houses have been requested to
have their respective representatives
present.
A special meeting of the Interfrater
nity Conference has been called for
Wednesday night at which time the San
Francisco chapter of the National lnter
fraternity Conference will meet with the
local student organization. The purpose
of the meeting is not known, the meeting
having been called at the request of K.
1,. Schaupp, president of the San I*ran
cisco organization. Schaupp was in the
class of '12 and is a member of Phi
Gamma Delta.
The meeting will he held at the Stan
ford Union tomorrow night at 8:30 p. m.
and all houses have been requested to
have their respective representatives
present.
A special meeting of the Interfrater
nity Conference has been called for
Wednesday night at which time the San
Francisco chapter of the National lnter
fraternity Conference will meet with the
local student organization. The purpose
of the meeting is not known, the meeting
having been called at the request of K.
1,. Schaupp, president of the San I*ran
cisco organization. Schaupp was in the
class of '12 and is a member of Phi
Gamma Delta.
The meeting will he held at the Stan
ford Union tomorrow night at 8:30 p. m.
and all houses have been requested to
have their respective representatives
present.
A special meeting of the Interfrater
nity Conference has been called for
Wednesday night at which time the San
Francisco chapter of the National lnter
fraternity Conference will meet with the
local student organization. The purpose
of the meeting is not known, the meeting
having been called at the request of K.
1,. Schaupp, president of the San I*ran
cisco organization. Schaupp was in the
class of '12 and is a member of Phi
Gamma Delta.
The meeting will he held at the Stan
ford Union tomorrow night at 8:30 p. m.
and all houses have been requested to
have their respective representatives
present.
A special meeting of the Interfrater
nity Conference has been called for
Wednesday night at which time the San
Francisco chapter of the National lnter
fraternity Conference will meet with the
local student organization. The purpose
of the meeting is not known, the meeting
having been called at the request of K.
1,. Schaupp, president of the San I*ran
cisco organization. Schaupp was in the
class of '12 and is a member of Phi
Gamma Delta.
The meeting will he held at the Stan
ford Union tomorrow night at 8:30 p. m.
and all houses have been requested to
have their respective representatives
present.
A special meeting of the Interfrater
nity Conference has been called for
Wednesday night at which time the San
Francisco chapter of the National lnter
fraternity Conference will meet with the
local student organization. The purpose
of the meeting is not known, the meeting
having been called at the request of K.
1,. Schaupp, president of the San I*ran
cisco organization. Schaupp was in the
class of '12 and is a member of Phi
Gamma Delta.
The meeting will he held at the Stan
ford Union tomorrow night at 8:30 p. m.
and all houses have been requested to
have their respective representatives
present.
A special meeting of the Interfrater
nity Conference has been called for
Wednesday night at which time the San
Francisco chapter of the National lnter
fraternity Conference will meet with the
local student organization. The purpose
of the meeting is not known, the meeting
having been called at the request of K.
1,. Schaupp, president of the San I*ran
cisco organization. Schaupp was in the
class of '12 and is a member of Phi
Gamma Delta.
The meeting will he held at the Stan
ford Union tomorrow night at 8:30 p. m.
and all houses have been requested to
have their respective representatives
present.
A special meeting of the Interfrater
nity Conference has been called for
Wednesday night at which time the San
Francisco chapter of the National lnter
fraternity Conference will meet with the
local student organization. The purpose
of the meeting is not known, the meeting
having been called at the request of K.
1,. Schaupp, president of the San I*ran
cisco organization. Schaupp was in the
class of '12 and is a member of Phi
Gamma Delta.
The meeting will he held at the Stan
ford Union tomorrow night at 8:30 p. m.
and all houses have been requested to
have their respective representatives
present.
A special meeting of the Interfrater
nity Conference has been called for
Wednesday night at which time the San
Francisco chapter of the National lnter
fraternity Conference will meet with the
local student organization. The purpose
of the meeting is not known, the meeting
having been called at the request of K.
1,. Schaupp, president of the San I*ran
cisco organization. Schaupp was in the
class of '12 and is a member of Phi
Gamma Delta.
The meeting will he held at the Stan
ford Union tomorrow night at 8:30 p. m.
and all houses have been requested to
have their respective representatives
present.
