# Rosenblatt Will Play In Golf Semi-Finals
## 
### 
Millard Rosenblatt, '22, is one of the
four golf players who will compete in
the two-round semi-finals of the Beres
ford Country Club next Saturday. His
nlaying was the feature of the day at the
club Sunday when lie defeated the
Northern California champion in the
morning and won from the veteran, Vin
cent Whitney, in the afternoon. Rosen
blatt has previously distinguished him
self on the links of the Tualatin Golf
Club of Portland.
Millard Rosenblatt, '22, is one of the
four golf players who will compete in
the two-round semi-finals of the Beres
ford Country Club next Saturday. His
nlaying was the feature of the day at the
club Sunday when lie defeated the
Northern California champion in the
morning and won from the veteran, Vin
cent Whitney, in the afternoon. Rosen
blatt has previously distinguished him
self on the links of the Tualatin Golf
Club of Portland.
Millard Rosenblatt, '22, is one of the
four golf players who will compete in
the two-round semi-finals of the Beres
ford Country Club next Saturday. His
nlaying was the feature of the day at the
club Sunday when lie defeated the
Northern California champion in the
morning and won from the veteran, Vin
cent Whitney, in the afternoon. Rosen
blatt has previously distinguished him
self on the links of the Tualatin Golf
Club of Portland.
Millard Rosenblatt, '22, is one of the
four golf players who will compete in
the two-round semi-finals of the Beres
ford Country Club next Saturday. His
nlaying was the feature of the day at the
club Sunday when lie defeated the
Northern California champion in the
morning and won from the veteran, Vin
cent Whitney, in the afternoon. Rosen
blatt has previously distinguished him
self on the links of the Tualatin Golf
Club of Portland.
Millard Rosenblatt, '22, is one of the
four golf players who will compete in
the two-round semi-finals of the Beres
ford Country Club next Saturday. His
nlaying was the feature of the day at the
club Sunday when lie defeated the
Northern California champion in the
morning and won from the veteran, Vin
cent Whitney, in the afternoon. Rosen
blatt has previously distinguished him
self on the links of the Tualatin Golf
Club of Portland.
Millard Rosenblatt, '22, is one of the
four golf players who will compete in
the two-round semi-finals of the Beres
ford Country Club next Saturday. His
nlaying was the feature of the day at the
club Sunday when lie defeated the
Northern California champion in the
morning and won from the veteran, Vin
cent Whitney, in the afternoon. Rosen
blatt has previously distinguished him
self on the links of the Tualatin Golf
Club of Portland.
Millard Rosenblatt, '22, is one of the
four golf players who will compete in
the two-round semi-finals of the Beres
ford Country Club next Saturday. His
nlaying was the feature of the day at the
club Sunday when lie defeated the
Northern California champion in the
morning and won from the veteran, Vin
cent Whitney, in the afternoon. Rosen
blatt has previously distinguished him
self on the links of the Tualatin Golf
Club of Portland.
Millard Rosenblatt, '22, is one of the
four golf players who will compete in
the two-round semi-finals of the Beres
ford Country Club next Saturday. His
nlaying was the feature of the day at the
club Sunday when lie defeated the
Northern California champion in the
morning and won from the veteran, Vin
cent Whitney, in the afternoon. Rosen
blatt has previously distinguished him
self on the links of the Tualatin Golf
Club of Portland.
Millard Rosenblatt, '22, is one of the
four golf players who will compete in
the two-round semi-finals of the Beres
ford Country Club next Saturday. His
nlaying was the feature of the day at the
club Sunday when lie defeated the
Northern California champion in the
morning and won from the veteran, Vin
cent Whitney, in the afternoon. Rosen
blatt has previously distinguished him
self on the links of the Tualatin Golf
Club of Portland.
Millard Rosenblatt, '22, is one of the
four golf players who will compete in
the two-round semi-finals of the Beres
ford Country Club next Saturday. His
nlaying was the feature of the day at the
club Sunday when lie defeated the
Northern California champion in the
morning and won from the veteran, Vin
cent Whitney, in the afternoon. Rosen
blatt has previously distinguished him
self on the links of the Tualatin Golf
Club of Portland.
Millard Rosenblatt, '22, is one of the
four golf players who will compete in
the two-round semi-finals of the Beres
ford Country Club next Saturday. His
nlaying was the feature of the day at the
club Sunday when lie defeated the
Northern California champion in the
morning and won from the veteran, Vin
cent Whitney, in the afternoon. Rosen
blatt has previously distinguished him
self on the links of the Tualatin Golf
Club of Portland.
Millard Rosenblatt, '22, is one of the
four golf players who will compete in
the two-round semi-finals of the Beres
ford Country Club next Saturday. His
nlaying was the feature of the day at the
club Sunday when lie defeated the
Northern California champion in the
morning and won from the veteran, Vin
cent Whitney, in the afternoon. Rosen
blatt has previously distinguished him
self on the links of the Tualatin Golf
Club of Portland.
