# Add a fine French restaurant to your list
## 
### 
L'Auberge
2826 El Camino Real
Redwood City
365-3735
Two more weeks to go and
suddenly things like paper
deadlines, finding out when
your bio final is and deciding
where to spend that last special
evening, seem pretty impor
tant. The quarter's almost over
and while it may be time to hit
the books, it's definitely time
to celebrate!
In the last issue, Harry Killas
claimed that the only
noteworthy restaurants in the
deluxe dining category on the
Peninsula were LaTourand Les
Provinces; well, I disagree.
L'Auberge in Redwood City
deserves the same distinction.
Originally opened in the 1930's
as Pete and Mary's, a favorite
Stanford hangout, the restaur
ant changed ownership in 1965
and has since established a
reputation for fine French
cuisine.
L'Auberge is the kind of re
staurant you expect to find
only up in the City. Dining is
fairly formal, and a jacket and
tie is considered the approp
riate attire for men. The menu
is large and represents a well
chosen selection of traditional
continental recipes.
Hors d'oeuvres, salads, veg
etables, and house specialities
are listed a la carte with a
choice of eight entrees that in
clude either soup or salad and
dessert. While it wouldn't be
hard to run up a $50 to $60 din
nerbill fortwo, itwould be just
as easy to keep the tab down to
$30, wine included, and still
enjoy an exceptional meal.
L'Auberge has ten appetizers
ranging from the "usual" Es
cargots Bourguignonne ($4.25)
and Soup a I'Oignion gratinee
($2.75) to the less usual, (and

more expensive), Scampi saute
Bordeiaise (large shrimp
sauteed in butter and finished
in a rich, Bordeaux-flavored
brown sauce — $12.95). For
something less rich butstill dif
ferent, the Fresh Mushroom
Cocktail made with tiny mus
hroom caps, lemon juice, and
light cream is a good choice.
The special that evening, a chil
led scallop cocktail with the
barest of sauces pleasantly fit
the same bill.
For those ordering a la carte,
salads include the classic
Caesar Salad for Two ($6.50)
and a fresh spinach salad with
hot bacon, also for two, at
$6.00. Pasta and vegetables
favor the Italian kitchen. Tagla
rini Verde al Pesto (thin, flat
spinach noodles tossed in a
garlic-based white sauce —
$5.75), Fettucini Romana
($5.75) and Zucchini Florentine
($2.00), highlight a list of nine
choices.
Entrees are organized under
two headings: Specialites du
lour and Specialites de la
Maison. The latter includes a
sampling of haute cuisine favo
rites — twenty-two to be exact.
Escalope of Veal Cordon Bleu
($10.25), Steak Diane L'Au
berge a la Louis ($13.50) and
Chicken Saute with Artichokes
and Chives Jerusalem ($9.25),
only begin to suggest all the
bases covered. A pretentious
selection? Could be, but if our
entrees from the dinner menu
were any indication, it's worth
the splurge to find out.
From the Specialites du Jour
we ordered the Calf's Sweet
breads saute Forestiere ($9.95)
and the Roast Duckling with
Cherries Montmoerncy
($10.95). A Kentucky limestone
lettuce salad tossed with a bet
ter than average Vinaigrette
came with both dinners.

The sweetbreads, sliced
larger than is customary and
treated like a fricassee —
floured, lightly colored in but
ter and moistened with a little
bit of white wineand veal stock
— were good but didn't have
that "melt-in-your-mouth"
consistency I've tasted
elsewhere. The duckling, on
the other hand, managed to
avoid all the usual shortcom
ings; the meat wasn't fatty, and

the sauce, a rich , meaty duck
essence darkened with
caramel and cherries, was used
to complement rather than
mask the natural flavor. Broc
coli with hollandaise sauce and
a serving of white rice were ag
reeable, but too-average ac
companiments. Good, crusty
sourdough bread and a bottle
of Robert Mondavi's Chenin
Blanc ($7.00) turned out to be
more important extras.

For desert, consider the
French restaurant regulars —
Crepes Suzette ($9.00 for two),
Chocolate Mousse ($1.95), and
Creme Caramel ($1.95). The
Grand Marnier Souffle for two
($8.00) has a beautifully light
texture but is unfortunately
diminished by a too-heavy van
illa sauce. However, when I say
diminished, I don't mean by
that much; the souffle is still
worth indulging.

Traditional appointments, a
corps of ve.'y professional
waiters and old-fashioned
heavy white linen compensate
forwhat would otherwisebean
uninteresting decor.
Along with La Tour and Les
Provinces, L'Auberge ranks at
the top. For graduating
seniors, summer good-byes
and visiting parents this is one
to consider.
— CLAIRE CHAMBERLAIN
L'Auberge
2826 El Camino Real
Redwood City
365-3735
Two more weeks to go and
suddenly things like paper
deadlines, finding out when
your bio final is and deciding
where to spend that last special
evening, seem pretty impor
tant. The quarter's almost over
and while it may be time to hit
the books, it's definitely time
to celebrate!
In the last issue, Harry Killas
claimed that the only
noteworthy restaurants in the
deluxe dining category on the
Peninsula were LaTourand Les
Provinces; well, I disagree.
L'Auberge in Redwood City
deserves the same distinction.
Originally opened in the 1930's
as Pete and Mary's, a favorite
Stanford hangout, the restaur
ant changed ownership in 1965
and has since established a
reputation for fine French
cuisine.
L'Auberge is the kind of re
staurant you expect to find
only up in the City. Dining is
fairly formal, and a jacket and
tie is considered the approp
riate attire for men. The menu
is large and represents a well
chosen selection of traditional
continental recipes.
Hors d'oeuvres, salads, veg
etables, and house specialities
are listed a la carte with a
choice of eight entrees that in
clude either soup or salad and
dessert. While it wouldn't be
hard to run up a $50 to $60 din
nerbill fortwo, itwould be just
as easy to keep the tab down to
$30, wine included, and still
enjoy an exceptional meal.
L'Auberge has ten appetizers
ranging from the "usual" Es
cargots Bourguignonne ($4.25)
and Soup a I'Oignion gratinee
($2.75) to the less usual, (and

more expensive), Scampi saute
Bordeiaise (large shrimp
sauteed in butter and finished
in a rich, Bordeaux-flavored
brown sauce — $12.95). For
something less rich butstill dif
ferent, the Fresh Mushroom
Cocktail made with tiny mus
hroom caps, lemon juice, and
light cream is a good choice.
The special that evening, a chil
led scallop cocktail with the
barest of sauces pleasantly fit
the same bill.
For those ordering a la carte,
salads include the classic
Caesar Salad for Two ($6.50)
and a fresh spinach salad with
hot bacon, also for two, at
$6.00. Pasta and vegetables
favor the Italian kitchen. Tagla
rini Verde al Pesto (thin, flat
spinach noodles tossed in a
garlic-based white sauce —
$5.75), Fettucini Romana
($5.75) and Zucchini Florentine
($2.00), highlight a list of nine
choices.
Entrees are organized under
two headings: Specialites du
lour and Specialites de la
Maison. The latter includes a
sampling of haute cuisine favo
rites — twenty-two to be exact.
Escalope of Veal Cordon Bleu
($10.25), Steak Diane L'Au
berge a la Louis ($13.50) and
Chicken Saute with Artichokes
and Chives Jerusalem ($9.25),
only begin to suggest all the
bases covered. A pretentious
selection? Could be, but if our
entrees from the dinner menu
were any indication, it's worth
the splurge to find out.
From the Specialites du Jour
we ordered the Calf's Sweet
breads saute Forestiere ($9.95)
and the Roast Duckling with
Cherries Montmoerncy
($10.95). A Kentucky limestone
lettuce salad tossed with a bet
ter than average Vinaigrette
came with both dinners.

The sweetbreads, sliced
larger than is customary and
treated like a fricassee —
floured, lightly colored in but
ter and moistened with a little
bit of white wineand veal stock
— were good but didn't have
that "melt-in-your-mouth"
consistency I've tasted
elsewhere. The duckling, on
the other hand, managed to
avoid all the usual shortcom
ings; the meat wasn't fatty, and

the sauce, a rich , meaty duck
essence darkened with
caramel and cherries, was used
to complement rather than
mask the natural flavor. Broc
coli with hollandaise sauce and
a serving of white rice were ag
reeable, but too-average ac
companiments. Good, crusty
sourdough bread and a bottle
of Robert Mondavi's Chenin
Blanc ($7.00) turned out to be
more important extras.

For desert, consider the
French restaurant regulars —
Crepes Suzette ($9.00 for two),
Chocolate Mousse ($1.95), and
Creme Caramel ($1.95). The
Grand Marnier Souffle for two
($8.00) has a beautifully light
texture but is unfortunately
diminished by a too-heavy van
illa sauce. However, when I say
diminished, I don't mean by
that much; the souffle is still
worth indulging.

Traditional appointments, a
corps of ve.'y professional
waiters and old-fashioned
heavy white linen compensate
forwhat would otherwisebean
uninteresting decor.
Along with La Tour and Les
Provinces, L'Auberge ranks at
the top. For graduating
seniors, summer good-byes
and visiting parents this is one
to consider.
— CLAIRE CHAMBERLAIN
L'Auberge
2826 El Camino Real
Redwood City
365-3735
Two more weeks to go and
suddenly things like paper
deadlines, finding out when
your bio final is and deciding
where to spend that last special
evening, seem pretty impor
tant. The quarter's almost over
and while it may be time to hit
the books, it's definitely time
to celebrate!
In the last issue, Harry Killas
claimed that the only
noteworthy restaurants in the
deluxe dining category on the
Peninsula were LaTourand Les
Provinces; well, I disagree.
L'Auberge in Redwood City
deserves the same distinction.
Originally opened in the 1930's
as Pete and Mary's, a favorite
Stanford hangout, the restaur
ant changed ownership in 1965
and has since established a
reputation for fine French
cuisine.
L'Auberge is the kind of re
staurant you expect to find
only up in the City. Dining is
fairly formal, and a jacket and
tie is considered the approp
riate attire for men. The menu
is large and represents a well
chosen selection of traditional
continental recipes.
Hors d'oeuvres, salads, veg
etables, and house specialities
are listed a la carte with a
choice of eight entrees that in
clude either soup or salad and
dessert. While it wouldn't be
hard to run up a $50 to $60 din
nerbill fortwo, itwould be just
as easy to keep the tab down to
$30, wine included, and still
enjoy an exceptional meal.
L'Auberge has ten appetizers
ranging from the "usual" Es
cargots Bourguignonne ($4.25)
and Soup a I'Oignion gratinee
($2.75) to the less usual, (and

more expensive), Scampi saute
Bordeiaise (large shrimp
sauteed in butter and finished
in a rich, Bordeaux-flavored
brown sauce — $12.95). For
something less rich butstill dif
ferent, the Fresh Mushroom
Cocktail made with tiny mus
hroom caps, lemon juice, and
light cream is a good choice.
The special that evening, a chil
led scallop cocktail with the
barest of sauces pleasantly fit
the same bill.
For those ordering a la carte,
salads include the classic
Caesar Salad for Two ($6.50)
and a fresh spinach salad with
hot bacon, also for two, at
$6.00. Pasta and vegetables
favor the Italian kitchen. Tagla
rini Verde al Pesto (thin, flat
spinach noodles tossed in a
garlic-based white sauce —
$5.75), Fettucini Romana
($5.75) and Zucchini Florentine
($2.00), highlight a list of nine
choices.
Entrees are organized under
two headings: Specialites du
lour and Specialites de la
Maison. The latter includes a
sampling of haute cuisine favo
rites — twenty-two to be exact.
Escalope of Veal Cordon Bleu
($10.25), Steak Diane L'Au
berge a la Louis ($13.50) and
Chicken Saute with Artichokes
and Chives Jerusalem ($9.25),
only begin to suggest all the
bases covered. A pretentious
selection? Could be, but if our
entrees from the dinner menu
were any indication, it's worth
the splurge to find out.
From the Specialites du Jour
we ordered the Calf's Sweet
breads saute Forestiere ($9.95)
and the Roast Duckling with
Cherries Montmoerncy
($10.95). A Kentucky limestone
lettuce salad tossed with a bet
ter than average Vinaigrette
came with both dinners.

The sweetbreads, sliced
larger than is customary and
treated like a fricassee —
floured, lightly colored in but
ter and moistened with a little
bit of white wineand veal stock
— were good but didn't have
that "melt-in-your-mouth"
consistency I've tasted
elsewhere. The duckling, on
the other hand, managed to
avoid all the usual shortcom
ings; the meat wasn't fatty, and

the sauce, a rich , meaty duck
essence darkened with
caramel and cherries, was used
to complement rather than
mask the natural flavor. Broc
coli with hollandaise sauce and
a serving of white rice were ag
reeable, but too-average ac
companiments. Good, crusty
sourdough bread and a bottle
of Robert Mondavi's Chenin
Blanc ($7.00) turned out to be
more important extras.

For desert, consider the
French restaurant regulars —
Crepes Suzette ($9.00 for two),
Chocolate Mousse ($1.95), and
Creme Caramel ($1.95). The
Grand Marnier Souffle for two
($8.00) has a beautifully light
texture but is unfortunately
diminished by a too-heavy van
illa sauce. However, when I say
diminished, I don't mean by
that much; the souffle is still
worth indulging.

Traditional appointments, a
corps of ve.'y professional
waiters and old-fashioned
heavy white linen compensate
forwhat would otherwisebean
uninteresting decor.
Along with La Tour and Les
Provinces, L'Auberge ranks at
the top. For graduating
seniors, summer good-byes
and visiting parents this is one
to consider.
— CLAIRE CHAMBERLAIN
L'Auberge
2826 El Camino Real
Redwood City
365-3735
Two more weeks to go and
suddenly things like paper
deadlines, finding out when
your bio final is and deciding
where to spend that last special
evening, seem pretty impor
tant. The quarter's almost over
and while it may be time to hit
the books, it's definitely time
to celebrate!
In the last issue, Harry Killas
claimed that the only
noteworthy restaurants in the
deluxe dining category on the
Peninsula were LaTourand Les
Provinces; well, I disagree.
L'Auberge in Redwood City
deserves the same distinction.
Originally opened in the 1930's
as Pete and Mary's, a favorite
Stanford hangout, the restaur
ant changed ownership in 1965
and has since established a
reputation for fine French
cuisine.
L'Auberge is the kind of re
staurant you expect to find
only up in the City. Dining is
fairly formal, and a jacket and
tie is considered the approp
riate attire for men. The menu
is large and represents a well
chosen selection of traditional
continental recipes.
Hors d'oeuvres, salads, veg
etables, and house specialities
are listed a la carte with a
choice of eight entrees that in
clude either soup or salad and
dessert. While it wouldn't be
hard to run up a $50 to $60 din
nerbill fortwo, itwould be just
as easy to keep the tab down to
$30, wine included, and still
enjoy an exceptional meal.
L'Auberge has ten appetizers
ranging from the "usual" Es
cargots Bourguignonne ($4.25)
and Soup a I'Oignion gratinee
($2.75) to the less usual, (and

more expensive), Scampi saute
Bordeiaise (large shrimp
sauteed in butter and finished
in a rich, Bordeaux-flavored
brown sauce — $12.95). For
something less rich butstill dif
ferent, the Fresh Mushroom
Cocktail made with tiny mus
hroom caps, lemon juice, and
light cream is a good choice.
The special that evening, a chil
led scallop cocktail with the
barest of sauces pleasantly fit
the same bill.
For those ordering a la carte,
salads include the classic
Caesar Salad for Two ($6.50)
and a fresh spinach salad with
hot bacon, also for two, at
$6.00. Pasta and vegetables
favor the Italian kitchen. Tagla
rini Verde al Pesto (thin, flat
spinach noodles tossed in a
garlic-based white sauce —
$5.75), Fettucini Romana
($5.75) and Zucchini Florentine
($2.00), highlight a list of nine
choices.
Entrees are organized under
two headings: Specialites du
lour and Specialites de la
Maison. The latter includes a
sampling of haute cuisine favo
rites — twenty-two to be exact.
Escalope of Veal Cordon Bleu
($10.25), Steak Diane L'Au
berge a la Louis ($13.50) and
Chicken Saute with Artichokes
and Chives Jerusalem ($9.25),
only begin to suggest all the
bases covered. A pretentious
selection? Could be, but if our
entrees from the dinner menu
were any indication, it's worth
the splurge to find out.
From the Specialites du Jour
we ordered the Calf's Sweet
breads saute Forestiere ($9.95)
and the Roast Duckling with
Cherries Montmoerncy
($10.95). A Kentucky limestone
lettuce salad tossed with a bet
ter than average Vinaigrette
came with both dinners.

The sweetbreads, sliced
larger than is customary and
treated like a fricassee —
floured, lightly colored in but
ter and moistened with a little
bit of white wineand veal stock
— were good but didn't have
that "melt-in-your-mouth"
consistency I've tasted
elsewhere. The duckling, on
the other hand, managed to
avoid all the usual shortcom
ings; the meat wasn't fatty, and

the sauce, a rich , meaty duck
essence darkened with
caramel and cherries, was used
to complement rather than
mask the natural flavor. Broc
coli with hollandaise sauce and
a serving of white rice were ag
reeable, but too-average ac
companiments. Good, crusty
sourdough bread and a bottle
of Robert Mondavi's Chenin
Blanc ($7.00) turned out to be
more important extras.

For desert, consider the
French restaurant regulars —
Crepes Suzette ($9.00 for two),
Chocolate Mousse ($1.95), and
Creme Caramel ($1.95). The
Grand Marnier Souffle for two
($8.00) has a beautifully light
texture but is unfortunately
diminished by a too-heavy van
illa sauce. However, when I say
diminished, I don't mean by
that much; the souffle is still
worth indulging.

Traditional appointments, a
corps of ve.'y professional
waiters and old-fashioned
heavy white linen compensate
forwhat would otherwisebean
uninteresting decor.
Along with La Tour and Les
Provinces, L'Auberge ranks at
the top. For graduating
seniors, summer good-byes
and visiting parents this is one
to consider.
— CLAIRE CHAMBERLAIN
L'Auberge
2826 El Camino Real
Redwood City
365-3735
Two more weeks to go and
suddenly things like paper
deadlines, finding out when
your bio final is and deciding
where to spend that last special
evening, seem pretty impor
tant. The quarter's almost over
and while it may be time to hit
the books, it's definitely time
to celebrate!
In the last issue, Harry Killas
claimed that the only
noteworthy restaurants in the
deluxe dining category on the
Peninsula were LaTourand Les
Provinces; well, I disagree.
L'Auberge in Redwood City
deserves the same distinction.
Originally opened in the 1930's
as Pete and Mary's, a favorite
Stanford hangout, the restaur
ant changed ownership in 1965
and has since established a
reputation for fine French
cuisine.
L'Auberge is the kind of re
staurant you expect to find
only up in the City. Dining is
fairly formal, and a jacket and
tie is considered the approp
riate attire for men. The menu
is large and represents a well
chosen selection of traditional
continental recipes.
Hors d'oeuvres, salads, veg
etables, and house specialities
are listed a la carte with a
choice of eight entrees that in
clude either soup or salad and
dessert. While it wouldn't be
hard to run up a $50 to $60 din
nerbill fortwo, itwould be just
as easy to keep the tab down to
$30, wine included, and still
enjoy an exceptional meal.
L'Auberge has ten appetizers
ranging from the "usual" Es
cargots Bourguignonne ($4.25)
and Soup a I'Oignion gratinee
($2.75) to the less usual, (and

more expensive), Scampi saute
Bordeiaise (large shrimp
sauteed in butter and finished
in a rich, Bordeaux-flavored
brown sauce — $12.95). For
something less rich butstill dif
ferent, the Fresh Mushroom
Cocktail made with tiny mus
hroom caps, lemon juice, and
light cream is a good choice.
The special that evening, a chil
led scallop cocktail with the
barest of sauces pleasantly fit
the same bill.
For those ordering a la carte,
salads include the classic
Caesar Salad for Two ($6.50)
and a fresh spinach salad with
hot bacon, also for two, at
$6.00. Pasta and vegetables
favor the Italian kitchen. Tagla
rini Verde al Pesto (thin, flat
spinach noodles tossed in a
garlic-based white sauce —
$5.75), Fettucini Romana
($5.75) and Zucchini Florentine
($2.00), highlight a list of nine
choices.
Entrees are organized under
two headings: Specialites du
lour and Specialites de la
Maison. The latter includes a
sampling of haute cuisine favo
rites — twenty-two to be exact.
Escalope of Veal Cordon Bleu
($10.25), Steak Diane L'Au
berge a la Louis ($13.50) and
Chicken Saute with Artichokes
and Chives Jerusalem ($9.25),
only begin to suggest all the
bases covered. A pretentious
selection? Could be, but if our
entrees from the dinner menu
were any indication, it's worth
the splurge to find out.
From the Specialites du Jour
we ordered the Calf's Sweet
breads saute Forestiere ($9.95)
and the Roast Duckling with
Cherries Montmoerncy
($10.95). A Kentucky limestone
lettuce salad tossed with a bet
ter than average Vinaigrette
came with both dinners.

The sweetbreads, sliced
larger than is customary and
treated like a fricassee —
floured, lightly colored in but
ter and moistened with a little
bit of white wineand veal stock
— were good but didn't have
that "melt-in-your-mouth"
consistency I've tasted
elsewhere. The duckling, on
the other hand, managed to
avoid all the usual shortcom
ings; the meat wasn't fatty, and

the sauce, a rich , meaty duck
essence darkened with
caramel and cherries, was used
to complement rather than
mask the natural flavor. Broc
coli with hollandaise sauce and
a serving of white rice were ag
reeable, but too-average ac
companiments. Good, crusty
sourdough bread and a bottle
of Robert Mondavi's Chenin
Blanc ($7.00) turned out to be
more important extras.

For desert, consider the
French restaurant regulars —
Crepes Suzette ($9.00 for two),
Chocolate Mousse ($1.95), and
Creme Caramel ($1.95). The
Grand Marnier Souffle for two
($8.00) has a beautifully light
texture but is unfortunately
diminished by a too-heavy van
illa sauce. However, when I say
diminished, I don't mean by
that much; the souffle is still
worth indulging.

Traditional appointments, a
corps of ve.'y professional
waiters and old-fashioned
heavy white linen compensate
forwhat would otherwisebean
uninteresting decor.
Along with La Tour and Les
Provinces, L'Auberge ranks at
the top. For graduating
seniors, summer good-byes
and visiting parents this is one
to consider.
— CLAIRE CHAMBERLAIN
L'Auberge
2826 El Camino Real
Redwood City
365-3735
Two more weeks to go and
suddenly things like paper
deadlines, finding out when
your bio final is and deciding
where to spend that last special
evening, seem pretty impor
tant. The quarter's almost over
and while it may be time to hit
the books, it's definitely time
to celebrate!
In the last issue, Harry Killas
claimed that the only
noteworthy restaurants in the
deluxe dining category on the
Peninsula were LaTourand Les
Provinces; well, I disagree.
L'Auberge in Redwood City
deserves the same distinction.
Originally opened in the 1930's
as Pete and Mary's, a favorite
Stanford hangout, the restaur
ant changed ownership in 1965
and has since established a
reputation for fine French
cuisine.
L'Auberge is the kind of re
staurant you expect to find
only up in the City. Dining is
fairly formal, and a jacket and
tie is considered the approp
riate attire for men. The menu
is large and represents a well
chosen selection of traditional
continental recipes.
Hors d'oeuvres, salads, veg
etables, and house specialities
are listed a la carte with a
choice of eight entrees that in
clude either soup or salad and
dessert. While it wouldn't be
hard to run up a $50 to $60 din
nerbill fortwo, itwould be just
as easy to keep the tab down to
$30, wine included, and still
enjoy an exceptional meal.
L'Auberge has ten appetizers
ranging from the "usual" Es
cargots Bourguignonne ($4.25)
and Soup a I'Oignion gratinee
($2.75) to the less usual, (and

more expensive), Scampi saute
Bordeiaise (large shrimp
sauteed in butter and finished
in a rich, Bordeaux-flavored
brown sauce — $12.95). For
something less rich butstill dif
ferent, the Fresh Mushroom
Cocktail made with tiny mus
hroom caps, lemon juice, and
light cream is a good choice.
The special that evening, a chil
led scallop cocktail with the
barest of sauces pleasantly fit
the same bill.
For those ordering a la carte,
salads include the classic
Caesar Salad for Two ($6.50)
and a fresh spinach salad with
hot bacon, also for two, at
$6.00. Pasta and vegetables
favor the Italian kitchen. Tagla
rini Verde al Pesto (thin, flat
spinach noodles tossed in a
garlic-based white sauce —
$5.75), Fettucini Romana
($5.75) and Zucchini Florentine
($2.00), highlight a list of nine
choices.
Entrees are organized under
two headings: Specialites du
lour and Specialites de la
Maison. The latter includes a
sampling of haute cuisine favo
rites — twenty-two to be exact.
Escalope of Veal Cordon Bleu
($10.25), Steak Diane L'Au
berge a la Louis ($13.50) and
Chicken Saute with Artichokes
and Chives Jerusalem ($9.25),
only begin to suggest all the
bases covered. A pretentious
selection? Could be, but if our
entrees from the dinner menu
were any indication, it's worth
the splurge to find out.
From the Specialites du Jour
we ordered the Calf's Sweet
breads saute Forestiere ($9.95)
and the Roast Duckling with
Cherries Montmoerncy
($10.95). A Kentucky limestone
lettuce salad tossed with a bet
ter than average Vinaigrette
came with both dinners.

The sweetbreads, sliced
larger than is customary and
treated like a fricassee —
floured, lightly colored in but
ter and moistened with a little
bit of white wineand veal stock
— were good but didn't have
that "melt-in-your-mouth"
consistency I've tasted
elsewhere. The duckling, on
the other hand, managed to
avoid all the usual shortcom
ings; the meat wasn't fatty, and

the sauce, a rich , meaty duck
essence darkened with
caramel and cherries, was used
to complement rather than
mask the natural flavor. Broc
coli with hollandaise sauce and
a serving of white rice were ag
reeable, but too-average ac
companiments. Good, crusty
sourdough bread and a bottle
of Robert Mondavi's Chenin
Blanc ($7.00) turned out to be
more important extras.

For desert, consider the
French restaurant regulars —
Crepes Suzette ($9.00 for two),
Chocolate Mousse ($1.95), and
Creme Caramel ($1.95). The
Grand Marnier Souffle for two
($8.00) has a beautifully light
texture but is unfortunately
diminished by a too-heavy van
illa sauce. However, when I say
diminished, I don't mean by
that much; the souffle is still
worth indulging.

Traditional appointments, a
corps of ve.'y professional
waiters and old-fashioned
heavy white linen compensate
forwhat would otherwisebean
uninteresting decor.
Along with La Tour and Les
Provinces, L'Auberge ranks at
the top. For graduating
seniors, summer good-byes
and visiting parents this is one
to consider.
— CLAIRE CHAMBERLAIN
L'Auberge
2826 El Camino Real
Redwood City
365-3735
Two more weeks to go and
suddenly things like paper
deadlines, finding out when
your bio final is and deciding
where to spend that last special
evening, seem pretty impor
tant. The quarter's almost over
and while it may be time to hit
the books, it's definitely time
to celebrate!
In the last issue, Harry Killas
claimed that the only
noteworthy restaurants in the
deluxe dining category on the
Peninsula were LaTourand Les
Provinces; well, I disagree.
L'Auberge in Redwood City
deserves the same distinction.
Originally opened in the 1930's
as Pete and Mary's, a favorite
Stanford hangout, the restaur
ant changed ownership in 1965
and has since established a
reputation for fine French
cuisine.
L'Auberge is the kind of re
staurant you expect to find
only up in the City. Dining is
fairly formal, and a jacket and
tie is considered the approp
riate attire for men. The menu
is large and represents a well
chosen selection of traditional
continental recipes.
Hors d'oeuvres, salads, veg
etables, and house specialities
are listed a la carte with a
choice of eight entrees that in
clude either soup or salad and
dessert. While it wouldn't be
hard to run up a $50 to $60 din
nerbill fortwo, itwould be just
as easy to keep the tab down to
$30, wine included, and still
enjoy an exceptional meal.
L'Auberge has ten appetizers
ranging from the "usual" Es
cargots Bourguignonne ($4.25)
and Soup a I'Oignion gratinee
($2.75) to the less usual, (and

more expensive), Scampi saute
Bordeiaise (large shrimp
sauteed in butter and finished
in a rich, Bordeaux-flavored
brown sauce — $12.95). For
something less rich butstill dif
ferent, the Fresh Mushroom
Cocktail made with tiny mus
hroom caps, lemon juice, and
light cream is a good choice.
The special that evening, a chil
led scallop cocktail with the
barest of sauces pleasantly fit
the same bill.
For those ordering a la carte,
salads include the classic
Caesar Salad for Two ($6.50)
and a fresh spinach salad with
hot bacon, also for two, at
$6.00. Pasta and vegetables
favor the Italian kitchen. Tagla
rini Verde al Pesto (thin, flat
spinach noodles tossed in a
garlic-based white sauce —
$5.75), Fettucini Romana
($5.75) and Zucchini Florentine
($2.00), highlight a list of nine
choices.
Entrees are organized under
two headings: Specialites du
lour and Specialites de la
Maison. The latter includes a
sampling of haute cuisine favo
rites — twenty-two to be exact.
Escalope of Veal Cordon Bleu
($10.25), Steak Diane L'Au
berge a la Louis ($13.50) and
Chicken Saute with Artichokes
and Chives Jerusalem ($9.25),
only begin to suggest all the
bases covered. A pretentious
selection? Could be, but if our
entrees from the dinner menu
were any indication, it's worth
the splurge to find out.
From the Specialites du Jour
we ordered the Calf's Sweet
breads saute Forestiere ($9.95)
and the Roast Duckling with
Cherries Montmoerncy
($10.95). A Kentucky limestone
lettuce salad tossed with a bet
ter than average Vinaigrette
came with both dinners.

The sweetbreads, sliced
larger than is customary and
treated like a fricassee —
floured, lightly colored in but
ter and moistened with a little
bit of white wineand veal stock
— were good but didn't have
that "melt-in-your-mouth"
consistency I've tasted
elsewhere. The duckling, on
the other hand, managed to
avoid all the usual shortcom
ings; the meat wasn't fatty, and

the sauce, a rich , meaty duck
essence darkened with
caramel and cherries, was used
to complement rather than
mask the natural flavor. Broc
coli with hollandaise sauce and
a serving of white rice were ag
reeable, but too-average ac
companiments. Good, crusty
sourdough bread and a bottle
of Robert Mondavi's Chenin
Blanc ($7.00) turned out to be
more important extras.

For desert, consider the
French restaurant regulars —
Crepes Suzette ($9.00 for two),
Chocolate Mousse ($1.95), and
Creme Caramel ($1.95). The
Grand Marnier Souffle for two
($8.00) has a beautifully light
texture but is unfortunately
diminished by a too-heavy van
illa sauce. However, when I say
diminished, I don't mean by
that much; the souffle is still
worth indulging.

Traditional appointments, a
corps of ve.'y professional
waiters and old-fashioned
heavy white linen compensate
forwhat would otherwisebean
uninteresting decor.
Along with La Tour and Les
Provinces, L'Auberge ranks at
the top. For graduating
seniors, summer good-byes
and visiting parents this is one
to consider.
— CLAIRE CHAMBERLAIN
L'Auberge
2826 El Camino Real
Redwood City
365-3735
Two more weeks to go and
suddenly things like paper
deadlines, finding out when
your bio final is and deciding
where to spend that last special
evening, seem pretty impor
tant. The quarter's almost over
and while it may be time to hit
the books, it's definitely time
to celebrate!
In the last issue, Harry Killas
claimed that the only
noteworthy restaurants in the
deluxe dining category on the
Peninsula were LaTourand Les
Provinces; well, I disagree.
L'Auberge in Redwood City
deserves the same distinction.
Originally opened in the 1930's
as Pete and Mary's, a favorite
Stanford hangout, the restaur
ant changed ownership in 1965
and has since established a
reputation for fine French
cuisine.
L'Auberge is the kind of re
staurant you expect to find
only up in the City. Dining is
fairly formal, and a jacket and
tie is considered the approp
riate attire for men. The menu
is large and represents a well
chosen selection of traditional
continental recipes.
Hors d'oeuvres, salads, veg
etables, and house specialities
are listed a la carte with a
choice of eight entrees that in
clude either soup or salad and
dessert. While it wouldn't be
hard to run up a $50 to $60 din
nerbill fortwo, itwould be just
as easy to keep the tab down to
$30, wine included, and still
enjoy an exceptional meal.
L'Auberge has ten appetizers
ranging from the "usual" Es
cargots Bourguignonne ($4.25)
and Soup a I'Oignion gratinee
($2.75) to the less usual, (and

more expensive), Scampi saute
Bordeiaise (large shrimp
sauteed in butter and finished
in a rich, Bordeaux-flavored
brown sauce — $12.95). For
something less rich butstill dif
ferent, the Fresh Mushroom
Cocktail made with tiny mus
hroom caps, lemon juice, and
light cream is a good choice.
The special that evening, a chil
led scallop cocktail with the
barest of sauces pleasantly fit
the same bill.
For those ordering a la carte,
salads include the classic
Caesar Salad for Two ($6.50)
and a fresh spinach salad with
hot bacon, also for two, at
$6.00. Pasta and vegetables
favor the Italian kitchen. Tagla
rini Verde al Pesto (thin, flat
spinach noodles tossed in a
garlic-based white sauce —
$5.75), Fettucini Romana
($5.75) and Zucchini Florentine
($2.00), highlight a list of nine
choices.
Entrees are organized under
two headings: Specialites du
lour and Specialites de la
Maison. The latter includes a
sampling of haute cuisine favo
rites — twenty-two to be exact.
Escalope of Veal Cordon Bleu
($10.25), Steak Diane L'Au
berge a la Louis ($13.50) and
Chicken Saute with Artichokes
and Chives Jerusalem ($9.25),
only begin to suggest all the
bases covered. A pretentious
selection? Could be, but if our
entrees from the dinner menu
were any indication, it's worth
the splurge to find out.
From the Specialites du Jour
we ordered the Calf's Sweet
breads saute Forestiere ($9.95)
and the Roast Duckling with
Cherries Montmoerncy
($10.95). A Kentucky limestone
lettuce salad tossed with a bet
ter than average Vinaigrette
came with both dinners.

The sweetbreads, sliced
larger than is customary and
treated like a fricassee —
floured, lightly colored in but
ter and moistened with a little
bit of white wineand veal stock
— were good but didn't have
that "melt-in-your-mouth"
consistency I've tasted
elsewhere. The duckling, on
the other hand, managed to
avoid all the usual shortcom
ings; the meat wasn't fatty, and

the sauce, a rich , meaty duck
essence darkened with
caramel and cherries, was used
to complement rather than
mask the natural flavor. Broc
coli with hollandaise sauce and
a serving of white rice were ag
reeable, but too-average ac
companiments. Good, crusty
sourdough bread and a bottle
of Robert Mondavi's Chenin
Blanc ($7.00) turned out to be
more important extras.

For desert, consider the
French restaurant regulars —
Crepes Suzette ($9.00 for two),
Chocolate Mousse ($1.95), and
Creme Caramel ($1.95). The
Grand Marnier Souffle for two
($8.00) has a beautifully light
texture but is unfortunately
diminished by a too-heavy van
illa sauce. However, when I say
diminished, I don't mean by
that much; the souffle is still
worth indulging.

Traditional appointments, a
corps of ve.'y professional
waiters and old-fashioned
heavy white linen compensate
forwhat would otherwisebean
uninteresting decor.
Along with La Tour and Les
Provinces, L'Auberge ranks at
the top. For graduating
seniors, summer good-byes
and visiting parents this is one
to consider.
— CLAIRE CHAMBERLAIN
L'Auberge
2826 El Camino Real
Redwood City
365-3735
Two more weeks to go and
suddenly things like paper
deadlines, finding out when
your bio final is and deciding
where to spend that last special
evening, seem pretty impor
tant. The quarter's almost over
and while it may be time to hit
the books, it's definitely time
to celebrate!
In the last issue, Harry Killas
claimed that the only
noteworthy restaurants in the
deluxe dining category on the
Peninsula were LaTourand Les
Provinces; well, I disagree.
L'Auberge in Redwood City
deserves the same distinction.
Originally opened in the 1930's
as Pete and Mary's, a favorite
Stanford hangout, the restaur
ant changed ownership in 1965
and has since established a
reputation for fine French
cuisine.
L'Auberge is the kind of re
staurant you expect to find
only up in the City. Dining is
fairly formal, and a jacket and
tie is considered the approp
riate attire for men. The menu
is large and represents a well
chosen selection of traditional
continental recipes.
Hors d'oeuvres, salads, veg
etables, and house specialities
are listed a la carte with a
choice of eight entrees that in
clude either soup or salad and
dessert. While it wouldn't be
hard to run up a $50 to $60 din
nerbill fortwo, itwould be just
as easy to keep the tab down to
$30, wine included, and still
enjoy an exceptional meal.
L'Auberge has ten appetizers
ranging from the "usual" Es
cargots Bourguignonne ($4.25)
and Soup a I'Oignion gratinee
($2.75) to the less usual, (and

more expensive), Scampi saute
Bordeiaise (large shrimp
sauteed in butter and finished
in a rich, Bordeaux-flavored
brown sauce — $12.95). For
something less rich butstill dif
ferent, the Fresh Mushroom
Cocktail made with tiny mus
hroom caps, lemon juice, and
light cream is a good choice.
The special that evening, a chil
led scallop cocktail with the
barest of sauces pleasantly fit
the same bill.
For those ordering a la carte,
salads include the classic
Caesar Salad for Two ($6.50)
and a fresh spinach salad with
hot bacon, also for two, at
$6.00. Pasta and vegetables
favor the Italian kitchen. Tagla
rini Verde al Pesto (thin, flat
spinach noodles tossed in a
garlic-based white sauce —
$5.75), Fettucini Romana
($5.75) and Zucchini Florentine
($2.00), highlight a list of nine
choices.
Entrees are organized under
two headings: Specialites du
lour and Specialites de la
Maison. The latter includes a
sampling of haute cuisine favo
rites — twenty-two to be exact.
Escalope of Veal Cordon Bleu
($10.25), Steak Diane L'Au
berge a la Louis ($13.50) and
Chicken Saute with Artichokes
and Chives Jerusalem ($9.25),
only begin to suggest all the
bases covered. A pretentious
selection? Could be, but if our
entrees from the dinner menu
were any indication, it's worth
the splurge to find out.
From the Specialites du Jour
we ordered the Calf's Sweet
breads saute Forestiere ($9.95)
and the Roast Duckling with
Cherries Montmoerncy
($10.95). A Kentucky limestone
lettuce salad tossed with a bet
ter than average Vinaigrette
came with both dinners.

The sweetbreads, sliced
larger than is customary and
treated like a fricassee —
floured, lightly colored in but
ter and moistened with a little
bit of white wineand veal stock
— were good but didn't have
that "melt-in-your-mouth"
consistency I've tasted
elsewhere. The duckling, on
the other hand, managed to
avoid all the usual shortcom
ings; the meat wasn't fatty, and

the sauce, a rich , meaty duck
essence darkened with
caramel and cherries, was used
to complement rather than
mask the natural flavor. Broc
coli with hollandaise sauce and
a serving of white rice were ag
reeable, but too-average ac
companiments. Good, crusty
sourdough bread and a bottle
of Robert Mondavi's Chenin
Blanc ($7.00) turned out to be
more important extras.

For desert, consider the
French restaurant regulars —
Crepes Suzette ($9.00 for two),
Chocolate Mousse ($1.95), and
Creme Caramel ($1.95). The
Grand Marnier Souffle for two
($8.00) has a beautifully light
texture but is unfortunately
diminished by a too-heavy van
illa sauce. However, when I say
diminished, I don't mean by
that much; the souffle is still
worth indulging.

Traditional appointments, a
corps of ve.'y professional
waiters and old-fashioned
heavy white linen compensate
forwhat would otherwisebean
uninteresting decor.
Along with La Tour and Les
Provinces, L'Auberge ranks at
the top. For graduating
seniors, summer good-byes
and visiting parents this is one
to consider.
— CLAIRE CHAMBERLAIN
