# NOTED TENOR WILL APPEAR IN GRAND OPERA IN STADIUM
## 
### 
inni Martinelli, dramatic tenor,
Dpear in the Stanford Stadium,
June 3, 7, 10 and 16, as part of the
open-air grand opera program. Hq
will be heard as Faust, as Santo in
"Pagliacei," and as Don Jose in
"Carmen," his three most illustrious
roles.
Born in Montagnana, Italy, in 1885.
Martinelli made his concert debut in
Ilossini's "Stabat Mater," in Milan in
December, 1910, which was followed
two weeks later, by his operatic de
but there in "Ernani." Then he sang
with great success in Rome, Genoa,
Naples, Monte Carlo, Budapest, and
Brussels.
Since 1912, he sang every season for
eight years in Covent Garden, where
he created Gennaro in English. Since
1913, he has been a regular mem
ber of the Metropolitan Opera Compa
ny, where he made a successful Amer
ican debut as Todolfo in "Boheme,"
Lefebre in Giordino's "Madame Sans-
Gene," and Fernando in Granado's
""Goyescas." In 1916, he sang "Palo"
in the American premiere or Sando
nais opera. Among his other crea
tions, was that of "Marzio".in San
donai's "Meienis," at Milan in 1912.
He also sang in Buenos Aires during
the summer of 1916, and many times
with the Metropolitan Grand Opera
Company. «
His appearance in the Stanford
Stadium, will be his first one the Pa
cific Coast.
inni Martinelli, dramatic tenor,
Dpear in the Stanford Stadium,
June 3, 7, 10 and 16, as part of the
open-air grand opera program. Hq
will be heard as Faust, as Santo in
"Pagliacei," and as Don Jose in
"Carmen," his three most illustrious
roles.
Born in Montagnana, Italy, in 1885.
Martinelli made his concert debut in
Ilossini's "Stabat Mater," in Milan in
December, 1910, which was followed
two weeks later, by his operatic de
but there in "Ernani." Then he sang
with great success in Rome, Genoa,
Naples, Monte Carlo, Budapest, and
Brussels.
Since 1912, he sang every season for
eight years in Covent Garden, where
he created Gennaro in English. Since
1913, he has been a regular mem
ber of the Metropolitan Opera Compa
ny, where he made a successful Amer
ican debut as Todolfo in "Boheme,"
Lefebre in Giordino's "Madame Sans-
Gene," and Fernando in Granado's
""Goyescas." In 1916, he sang "Palo"
in the American premiere or Sando
nais opera. Among his other crea
tions, was that of "Marzio".in San
donai's "Meienis," at Milan in 1912.
He also sang in Buenos Aires during
the summer of 1916, and many times
with the Metropolitan Grand Opera
Company. «
His appearance in the Stanford
Stadium, will be his first one the Pa
cific Coast.
inni Martinelli, dramatic tenor,
Dpear in the Stanford Stadium,
June 3, 7, 10 and 16, as part of the
open-air grand opera program. Hq
will be heard as Faust, as Santo in
"Pagliacei," and as Don Jose in
"Carmen," his three most illustrious
roles.
Born in Montagnana, Italy, in 1885.
Martinelli made his concert debut in
Ilossini's "Stabat Mater," in Milan in
December, 1910, which was followed
two weeks later, by his operatic de
but there in "Ernani." Then he sang
with great success in Rome, Genoa,
Naples, Monte Carlo, Budapest, and
Brussels.
Since 1912, he sang every season for
eight years in Covent Garden, where
he created Gennaro in English. Since
1913, he has been a regular mem
ber of the Metropolitan Opera Compa
ny, where he made a successful Amer
ican debut as Todolfo in "Boheme,"
Lefebre in Giordino's "Madame Sans-
Gene," and Fernando in Granado's
""Goyescas." In 1916, he sang "Palo"
in the American premiere or Sando
nais opera. Among his other crea
tions, was that of "Marzio".in San
donai's "Meienis," at Milan in 1912.
He also sang in Buenos Aires during
the summer of 1916, and many times
with the Metropolitan Grand Opera
Company. «
His appearance in the Stanford
Stadium, will be his first one the Pa
cific Coast.
inni Martinelli, dramatic tenor,
Dpear in the Stanford Stadium,
June 3, 7, 10 and 16, as part of the
open-air grand opera program. Hq
will be heard as Faust, as Santo in
"Pagliacei," and as Don Jose in
"Carmen," his three most illustrious
roles.
Born in Montagnana, Italy, in 1885.
Martinelli made his concert debut in
Ilossini's "Stabat Mater," in Milan in
December, 1910, which was followed
two weeks later, by his operatic de
but there in "Ernani." Then he sang
with great success in Rome, Genoa,
Naples, Monte Carlo, Budapest, and
Brussels.
Since 1912, he sang every season for
eight years in Covent Garden, where
he created Gennaro in English. Since
1913, he has been a regular mem
ber of the Metropolitan Opera Compa
ny, where he made a successful Amer
ican debut as Todolfo in "Boheme,"
Lefebre in Giordino's "Madame Sans-
Gene," and Fernando in Granado's
""Goyescas." In 1916, he sang "Palo"
in the American premiere or Sando
nais opera. Among his other crea
tions, was that of "Marzio".in San
donai's "Meienis," at Milan in 1912.
He also sang in Buenos Aires during
the summer of 1916, and many times
with the Metropolitan Grand Opera
Company. «
His appearance in the Stanford
Stadium, will be his first one the Pa
cific Coast.
inni Martinelli, dramatic tenor,
Dpear in the Stanford Stadium,
June 3, 7, 10 and 16, as part of the
open-air grand opera program. Hq
will be heard as Faust, as Santo in
"Pagliacei," and as Don Jose in
"Carmen," his three most illustrious
roles.
Born in Montagnana, Italy, in 1885.
Martinelli made his concert debut in
Ilossini's "Stabat Mater," in Milan in
December, 1910, which was followed
two weeks later, by his operatic de
but there in "Ernani." Then he sang
with great success in Rome, Genoa,
Naples, Monte Carlo, Budapest, and
Brussels.
Since 1912, he sang every season for
eight years in Covent Garden, where
he created Gennaro in English. Since
1913, he has been a regular mem
ber of the Metropolitan Opera Compa
ny, where he made a successful Amer
ican debut as Todolfo in "Boheme,"
Lefebre in Giordino's "Madame Sans-
Gene," and Fernando in Granado's
""Goyescas." In 1916, he sang "Palo"
in the American premiere or Sando
nais opera. Among his other crea
tions, was that of "Marzio".in San
donai's "Meienis," at Milan in 1912.
He also sang in Buenos Aires during
the summer of 1916, and many times
with the Metropolitan Grand Opera
Company. «
His appearance in the Stanford
Stadium, will be his first one the Pa
cific Coast.
inni Martinelli, dramatic tenor,
Dpear in the Stanford Stadium,
June 3, 7, 10 and 16, as part of the
open-air grand opera program. Hq
will be heard as Faust, as Santo in
"Pagliacei," and as Don Jose in
"Carmen," his three most illustrious
roles.
Born in Montagnana, Italy, in 1885.
Martinelli made his concert debut in
Ilossini's "Stabat Mater," in Milan in
December, 1910, which was followed
two weeks later, by his operatic de
but there in "Ernani." Then he sang
with great success in Rome, Genoa,
Naples, Monte Carlo, Budapest, and
Brussels.
Since 1912, he sang every season for
eight years in Covent Garden, where
he created Gennaro in English. Since
1913, he has been a regular mem
ber of the Metropolitan Opera Compa
ny, where he made a successful Amer
ican debut as Todolfo in "Boheme,"
Lefebre in Giordino's "Madame Sans-
Gene," and Fernando in Granado's
""Goyescas." In 1916, he sang "Palo"
in the American premiere or Sando
nais opera. Among his other crea
tions, was that of "Marzio".in San
donai's "Meienis," at Milan in 1912.
He also sang in Buenos Aires during
the summer of 1916, and many times
with the Metropolitan Grand Opera
Company. «
His appearance in the Stanford
Stadium, will be his first one the Pa
cific Coast.
inni Martinelli, dramatic tenor,
Dpear in the Stanford Stadium,
June 3, 7, 10 and 16, as part of the
open-air grand opera program. Hq
will be heard as Faust, as Santo in
"Pagliacei," and as Don Jose in
"Carmen," his three most illustrious
roles.
Born in Montagnana, Italy, in 1885.
Martinelli made his concert debut in
Ilossini's "Stabat Mater," in Milan in
December, 1910, which was followed
two weeks later, by his operatic de
but there in "Ernani." Then he sang
with great success in Rome, Genoa,
Naples, Monte Carlo, Budapest, and
Brussels.
Since 1912, he sang every season for
eight years in Covent Garden, where
he created Gennaro in English. Since
1913, he has been a regular mem
ber of the Metropolitan Opera Compa
ny, where he made a successful Amer
ican debut as Todolfo in "Boheme,"
Lefebre in Giordino's "Madame Sans-
Gene," and Fernando in Granado's
""Goyescas." In 1916, he sang "Palo"
in the American premiere or Sando
nais opera. Among his other crea
tions, was that of "Marzio".in San
donai's "Meienis," at Milan in 1912.
He also sang in Buenos Aires during
the summer of 1916, and many times
with the Metropolitan Grand Opera
Company. «
His appearance in the Stanford
Stadium, will be his first one the Pa
cific Coast.
inni Martinelli, dramatic tenor,
Dpear in the Stanford Stadium,
June 3, 7, 10 and 16, as part of the
open-air grand opera program. Hq
will be heard as Faust, as Santo in
"Pagliacei," and as Don Jose in
"Carmen," his three most illustrious
roles.
Born in Montagnana, Italy, in 1885.
Martinelli made his concert debut in
Ilossini's "Stabat Mater," in Milan in
December, 1910, which was followed
two weeks later, by his operatic de
but there in "Ernani." Then he sang
with great success in Rome, Genoa,
Naples, Monte Carlo, Budapest, and
Brussels.
Since 1912, he sang every season for
eight years in Covent Garden, where
he created Gennaro in English. Since
1913, he has been a regular mem
ber of the Metropolitan Opera Compa
ny, where he made a successful Amer
ican debut as Todolfo in "Boheme,"
Lefebre in Giordino's "Madame Sans-
Gene," and Fernando in Granado's
""Goyescas." In 1916, he sang "Palo"
in the American premiere or Sando
nais opera. Among his other crea
tions, was that of "Marzio".in San
donai's "Meienis," at Milan in 1912.
He also sang in Buenos Aires during
the summer of 1916, and many times
with the Metropolitan Grand Opera
Company. «
His appearance in the Stanford
Stadium, will be his first one the Pa
cific Coast.
inni Martinelli, dramatic tenor,
Dpear in the Stanford Stadium,
June 3, 7, 10 and 16, as part of the
open-air grand opera program. Hq
will be heard as Faust, as Santo in
"Pagliacei," and as Don Jose in
"Carmen," his three most illustrious
roles.
Born in Montagnana, Italy, in 1885.
Martinelli made his concert debut in
Ilossini's "Stabat Mater," in Milan in
December, 1910, which was followed
two weeks later, by his operatic de
but there in "Ernani." Then he sang
with great success in Rome, Genoa,
Naples, Monte Carlo, Budapest, and
Brussels.
Since 1912, he sang every season for
eight years in Covent Garden, where
he created Gennaro in English. Since
1913, he has been a regular mem
ber of the Metropolitan Opera Compa
ny, where he made a successful Amer
ican debut as Todolfo in "Boheme,"
Lefebre in Giordino's "Madame Sans-
Gene," and Fernando in Granado's
""Goyescas." In 1916, he sang "Palo"
in the American premiere or Sando
nais opera. Among his other crea
tions, was that of "Marzio".in San
donai's "Meienis," at Milan in 1912.
He also sang in Buenos Aires during
the summer of 1916, and many times
with the Metropolitan Grand Opera
Company. «
His appearance in the Stanford
Stadium, will be his first one the Pa
cific Coast.
inni Martinelli, dramatic tenor,
Dpear in the Stanford Stadium,
June 3, 7, 10 and 16, as part of the
open-air grand opera program. Hq
will be heard as Faust, as Santo in
"Pagliacei," and as Don Jose in
"Carmen," his three most illustrious
roles.
Born in Montagnana, Italy, in 1885.
Martinelli made his concert debut in
Ilossini's "Stabat Mater," in Milan in
December, 1910, which was followed
two weeks later, by his operatic de
but there in "Ernani." Then he sang
with great success in Rome, Genoa,
Naples, Monte Carlo, Budapest, and
Brussels.
Since 1912, he sang every season for
eight years in Covent Garden, where
he created Gennaro in English. Since
1913, he has been a regular mem
ber of the Metropolitan Opera Compa
ny, where he made a successful Amer
ican debut as Todolfo in "Boheme,"
Lefebre in Giordino's "Madame Sans-
Gene," and Fernando in Granado's
""Goyescas." In 1916, he sang "Palo"
in the American premiere or Sando
nais opera. Among his other crea
tions, was that of "Marzio".in San
donai's "Meienis," at Milan in 1912.
He also sang in Buenos Aires during
the summer of 1916, and many times
with the Metropolitan Grand Opera
Company. «
His appearance in the Stanford
Stadium, will be his first one the Pa
cific Coast.
inni Martinelli, dramatic tenor,
Dpear in the Stanford Stadium,
June 3, 7, 10 and 16, as part of the
open-air grand opera program. Hq
will be heard as Faust, as Santo in
"Pagliacei," and as Don Jose in
"Carmen," his three most illustrious
roles.
Born in Montagnana, Italy, in 1885.
Martinelli made his concert debut in
Ilossini's "Stabat Mater," in Milan in
December, 1910, which was followed
two weeks later, by his operatic de
but there in "Ernani." Then he sang
with great success in Rome, Genoa,
Naples, Monte Carlo, Budapest, and
Brussels.
Since 1912, he sang every season for
eight years in Covent Garden, where
he created Gennaro in English. Since
1913, he has been a regular mem
ber of the Metropolitan Opera Compa
ny, where he made a successful Amer
ican debut as Todolfo in "Boheme,"
Lefebre in Giordino's "Madame Sans-
Gene," and Fernando in Granado's
""Goyescas." In 1916, he sang "Palo"
in the American premiere or Sando
nais opera. Among his other crea
tions, was that of "Marzio".in San
donai's "Meienis," at Milan in 1912.
He also sang in Buenos Aires during
the summer of 1916, and many times
with the Metropolitan Grand Opera
Company. «
His appearance in the Stanford
Stadium, will be his first one the Pa
cific Coast.
inni Martinelli, dramatic tenor,
Dpear in the Stanford Stadium,
June 3, 7, 10 and 16, as part of the
open-air grand opera program. Hq
will be heard as Faust, as Santo in
"Pagliacei," and as Don Jose in
"Carmen," his three most illustrious
roles.
Born in Montagnana, Italy, in 1885.
Martinelli made his concert debut in
Ilossini's "Stabat Mater," in Milan in
December, 1910, which was followed
two weeks later, by his operatic de
but there in "Ernani." Then he sang
with great success in Rome, Genoa,
Naples, Monte Carlo, Budapest, and
Brussels.
Since 1912, he sang every season for
eight years in Covent Garden, where
he created Gennaro in English. Since
1913, he has been a regular mem
ber of the Metropolitan Opera Compa
ny, where he made a successful Amer
ican debut as Todolfo in "Boheme,"
Lefebre in Giordino's "Madame Sans-
Gene," and Fernando in Granado's
""Goyescas." In 1916, he sang "Palo"
in the American premiere or Sando
nais opera. Among his other crea
tions, was that of "Marzio".in San
donai's "Meienis," at Milan in 1912.
He also sang in Buenos Aires during
the summer of 1916, and many times
with the Metropolitan Grand Opera
Company. «
His appearance in the Stanford
Stadium, will be his first one the Pa
cific Coast.
inni Martinelli, dramatic tenor,
Dpear in the Stanford Stadium,
June 3, 7, 10 and 16, as part of the
open-air grand opera program. Hq
will be heard as Faust, as Santo in
"Pagliacei," and as Don Jose in
"Carmen," his three most illustrious
roles.
Born in Montagnana, Italy, in 1885.
Martinelli made his concert debut in
Ilossini's "Stabat Mater," in Milan in
December, 1910, which was followed
two weeks later, by his operatic de
but there in "Ernani." Then he sang
with great success in Rome, Genoa,
Naples, Monte Carlo, Budapest, and
Brussels.
Since 1912, he sang every season for
eight years in Covent Garden, where
he created Gennaro in English. Since
1913, he has been a regular mem
ber of the Metropolitan Opera Compa
ny, where he made a successful Amer
ican debut as Todolfo in "Boheme,"
Lefebre in Giordino's "Madame Sans-
Gene," and Fernando in Granado's
""Goyescas." In 1916, he sang "Palo"
in the American premiere or Sando
nais opera. Among his other crea
tions, was that of "Marzio".in San
donai's "Meienis," at Milan in 1912.
He also sang in Buenos Aires during
the summer of 1916, and many times
with the Metropolitan Grand Opera
Company. «
His appearance in the Stanford
Stadium, will be his first one the Pa
cific Coast.
inni Martinelli, dramatic tenor,
Dpear in the Stanford Stadium,
June 3, 7, 10 and 16, as part of the
open-air grand opera program. Hq
will be heard as Faust, as Santo in
"Pagliacei," and as Don Jose in
"Carmen," his three most illustrious
roles.
Born in Montagnana, Italy, in 1885.
Martinelli made his concert debut in
Ilossini's "Stabat Mater," in Milan in
December, 1910, which was followed
two weeks later, by his operatic de
but there in "Ernani." Then he sang
with great success in Rome, Genoa,
Naples, Monte Carlo, Budapest, and
Brussels.
Since 1912, he sang every season for
eight years in Covent Garden, where
he created Gennaro in English. Since
1913, he has been a regular mem
ber of the Metropolitan Opera Compa
ny, where he made a successful Amer
ican debut as Todolfo in "Boheme,"
Lefebre in Giordino's "Madame Sans-
Gene," and Fernando in Granado's
""Goyescas." In 1916, he sang "Palo"
in the American premiere or Sando
nais opera. Among his other crea
tions, was that of "Marzio".in San
donai's "Meienis," at Milan in 1912.
He also sang in Buenos Aires during
the summer of 1916, and many times
with the Metropolitan Grand Opera
Company. «
His appearance in the Stanford
Stadium, will be his first one the Pa
cific Coast.
