# Faculty Women's Club Elects Officers For Year
## 
### 
Election of officers of the Women's
Faculty Club, which took place yester
day in the Womn's Clubhouse, resulted
in Mrs. David Starr Jordan being chosen
for president, Mrs. Payson Treat, vice
president, and Mrs. Victor West, secre
tary-treasurer. Plans were made for a
picnic to be held at the Faculty Club
house, May 26. at 6 o'clock.
Several vocal numbers were given by
Mrs. Samuel Seward and Mr. Warren
Waiters.
Election of officers of the Women's
Faculty Club, which took place yester
day in the Womn's Clubhouse, resulted
in Mrs. David Starr Jordan being chosen
for president, Mrs. Payson Treat, vice
president, and Mrs. Victor West, secre
tary-treasurer. Plans were made for a
picnic to be held at the Faculty Club
house, May 26. at 6 o'clock.
Several vocal numbers were given by
Mrs. Samuel Seward and Mr. Warren
Waiters.
Election of officers of the Women's
Faculty Club, which took place yester
day in the Womn's Clubhouse, resulted
in Mrs. David Starr Jordan being chosen
for president, Mrs. Payson Treat, vice
president, and Mrs. Victor West, secre
tary-treasurer. Plans were made for a
picnic to be held at the Faculty Club
house, May 26. at 6 o'clock.
Several vocal numbers were given by
Mrs. Samuel Seward and Mr. Warren
Waiters.
Election of officers of the Women's
Faculty Club, which took place yester
day in the Womn's Clubhouse, resulted
in Mrs. David Starr Jordan being chosen
for president, Mrs. Payson Treat, vice
president, and Mrs. Victor West, secre
tary-treasurer. Plans were made for a
picnic to be held at the Faculty Club
house, May 26. at 6 o'clock.
Several vocal numbers were given by
Mrs. Samuel Seward and Mr. Warren
Waiters.
Election of officers of the Women's
Faculty Club, which took place yester
day in the Womn's Clubhouse, resulted
in Mrs. David Starr Jordan being chosen
for president, Mrs. Payson Treat, vice
president, and Mrs. Victor West, secre
tary-treasurer. Plans were made for a
picnic to be held at the Faculty Club
house, May 26. at 6 o'clock.
Several vocal numbers were given by
Mrs. Samuel Seward and Mr. Warren
Waiters.
Election of officers of the Women's
Faculty Club, which took place yester
day in the Womn's Clubhouse, resulted
in Mrs. David Starr Jordan being chosen
for president, Mrs. Payson Treat, vice
president, and Mrs. Victor West, secre
tary-treasurer. Plans were made for a
picnic to be held at the Faculty Club
house, May 26. at 6 o'clock.
Several vocal numbers were given by
Mrs. Samuel Seward and Mr. Warren
Waiters.
Election of officers of the Women's
Faculty Club, which took place yester
day in the Womn's Clubhouse, resulted
in Mrs. David Starr Jordan being chosen
for president, Mrs. Payson Treat, vice
president, and Mrs. Victor West, secre
tary-treasurer. Plans were made for a
picnic to be held at the Faculty Club
house, May 26. at 6 o'clock.
Several vocal numbers were given by
Mrs. Samuel Seward and Mr. Warren
Waiters.
Election of officers of the Women's
Faculty Club, which took place yester
day in the Womn's Clubhouse, resulted
in Mrs. David Starr Jordan being chosen
for president, Mrs. Payson Treat, vice
president, and Mrs. Victor West, secre
tary-treasurer. Plans were made for a
picnic to be held at the Faculty Club
house, May 26. at 6 o'clock.
Several vocal numbers were given by
Mrs. Samuel Seward and Mr. Warren
Waiters.
Election of officers of the Women's
Faculty Club, which took place yester
day in the Womn's Clubhouse, resulted
in Mrs. David Starr Jordan being chosen
for president, Mrs. Payson Treat, vice
president, and Mrs. Victor West, secre
tary-treasurer. Plans were made for a
picnic to be held at the Faculty Club
house, May 26. at 6 o'clock.
Several vocal numbers were given by
Mrs. Samuel Seward and Mr. Warren
Waiters.
Election of officers of the Women's
Faculty Club, which took place yester
day in the Womn's Clubhouse, resulted
in Mrs. David Starr Jordan being chosen
for president, Mrs. Payson Treat, vice
president, and Mrs. Victor West, secre
tary-treasurer. Plans were made for a
picnic to be held at the Faculty Club
house, May 26. at 6 o'clock.
Several vocal numbers were given by
Mrs. Samuel Seward and Mr. Warren
Waiters.
Election of officers of the Women's
Faculty Club, which took place yester
day in the Womn's Clubhouse, resulted
in Mrs. David Starr Jordan being chosen
for president, Mrs. Payson Treat, vice
president, and Mrs. Victor West, secre
tary-treasurer. Plans were made for a
picnic to be held at the Faculty Club
house, May 26. at 6 o'clock.
Several vocal numbers were given by
Mrs. Samuel Seward and Mr. Warren
Waiters.
Election of officers of the Women's
Faculty Club, which took place yester
day in the Womn's Clubhouse, resulted
in Mrs. David Starr Jordan being chosen
for president, Mrs. Payson Treat, vice
president, and Mrs. Victor West, secre
tary-treasurer. Plans were made for a
picnic to be held at the Faculty Club
house, May 26. at 6 o'clock.
Several vocal numbers were given by
Mrs. Samuel Seward and Mr. Warren
Waiters.
Election of officers of the Women's
Faculty Club, which took place yester
day in the Womn's Clubhouse, resulted
in Mrs. David Starr Jordan being chosen
for president, Mrs. Payson Treat, vice
president, and Mrs. Victor West, secre
tary-treasurer. Plans were made for a
picnic to be held at the Faculty Club
house, May 26. at 6 o'clock.
Several vocal numbers were given by
Mrs. Samuel Seward and Mr. Warren
Waiters.
Election of officers of the Women's
Faculty Club, which took place yester
day in the Womn's Clubhouse, resulted
in Mrs. David Starr Jordan being chosen
for president, Mrs. Payson Treat, vice
president, and Mrs. Victor West, secre
tary-treasurer. Plans were made for a
picnic to be held at the Faculty Club
house, May 26. at 6 o'clock.
Several vocal numbers were given by
Mrs. Samuel Seward and Mr. Warren
Waiters.
