# ‘I’ Club to Vote For President
## 
### 
An election to select next year's
president of the International
Club of the lIR will be held to
morrow from 12 to 15 p.m. at the
International Center.
Candidates for the office are
Gerard Desjeux, Mahmet Sheriff
and Anne Walsh.
All foreign students will be al
lowed lo vote by presenting their
student body card. American stu
dents in the"I" Club may vote by
showing their membership card.
The"I" Club is also planning a
dance at Che/ Yvonne for May 1),
ihe 50th anniversary of the or
ganization.
An election to select next year's
president of the International
Club of the lIR will be held to
morrow from 12 to 15 p.m. at the
International Center.
Candidates for the office are
Gerard Desjeux, Mahmet Sheriff
and Anne Walsh.
All foreign students will be al
lowed lo vote by presenting their
student body card. American stu
dents in the"I" Club may vote by
showing their membership card.
The"I" Club is also planning a
dance at Che/ Yvonne for May 1),
ihe 50th anniversary of the or
ganization.
An election to select next year's
president of the International
Club of the lIR will be held to
morrow from 12 to 15 p.m. at the
International Center.
Candidates for the office are
Gerard Desjeux, Mahmet Sheriff
and Anne Walsh.
All foreign students will be al
lowed lo vote by presenting their
student body card. American stu
dents in the"I" Club may vote by
showing their membership card.
The"I" Club is also planning a
dance at Che/ Yvonne for May 1),
ihe 50th anniversary of the or
ganization.
An election to select next year's
president of the International
Club of the lIR will be held to
morrow from 12 to 15 p.m. at the
International Center.
Candidates for the office are
Gerard Desjeux, Mahmet Sheriff
and Anne Walsh.
All foreign students will be al
lowed lo vote by presenting their
student body card. American stu
dents in the"I" Club may vote by
showing their membership card.
The"I" Club is also planning a
dance at Che/ Yvonne for May 1),
ihe 50th anniversary of the or
ganization.
An election to select next year's
president of the International
Club of the lIR will be held to
morrow from 12 to 15 p.m. at the
International Center.
Candidates for the office are
Gerard Desjeux, Mahmet Sheriff
and Anne Walsh.
All foreign students will be al
lowed lo vote by presenting their
student body card. American stu
dents in the"I" Club may vote by
showing their membership card.
The"I" Club is also planning a
dance at Che/ Yvonne for May 1),
ihe 50th anniversary of the or
ganization.
An election to select next year's
president of the International
Club of the lIR will be held to
morrow from 12 to 15 p.m. at the
International Center.
Candidates for the office are
Gerard Desjeux, Mahmet Sheriff
and Anne Walsh.
All foreign students will be al
lowed lo vote by presenting their
student body card. American stu
dents in the"I" Club may vote by
showing their membership card.
The"I" Club is also planning a
dance at Che/ Yvonne for May 1),
ihe 50th anniversary of the or
ganization.
An election to select next year's
president of the International
Club of the lIR will be held to
morrow from 12 to 15 p.m. at the
International Center.
Candidates for the office are
Gerard Desjeux, Mahmet Sheriff
and Anne Walsh.
All foreign students will be al
lowed lo vote by presenting their
student body card. American stu
dents in the"I" Club may vote by
showing their membership card.
The"I" Club is also planning a
dance at Che/ Yvonne for May 1),
ihe 50th anniversary of the or
ganization.
An election to select next year's
president of the International
Club of the lIR will be held to
morrow from 12 to 15 p.m. at the
International Center.
Candidates for the office are
Gerard Desjeux, Mahmet Sheriff
and Anne Walsh.
All foreign students will be al
lowed lo vote by presenting their
student body card. American stu
dents in the"I" Club may vote by
showing their membership card.
The"I" Club is also planning a
dance at Che/ Yvonne for May 1),
ihe 50th anniversary of the or
ganization.
An election to select next year's
president of the International
Club of the lIR will be held to
morrow from 12 to 15 p.m. at the
International Center.
Candidates for the office are
Gerard Desjeux, Mahmet Sheriff
and Anne Walsh.
All foreign students will be al
lowed lo vote by presenting their
student body card. American stu
dents in the"I" Club may vote by
showing their membership card.
The"I" Club is also planning a
dance at Che/ Yvonne for May 1),
ihe 50th anniversary of the or
ganization.
An election to select next year's
president of the International
Club of the lIR will be held to
morrow from 12 to 15 p.m. at the
International Center.
Candidates for the office are
Gerard Desjeux, Mahmet Sheriff
and Anne Walsh.
All foreign students will be al
lowed lo vote by presenting their
student body card. American stu
dents in the"I" Club may vote by
showing their membership card.
The"I" Club is also planning a
dance at Che/ Yvonne for May 1),
ihe 50th anniversary of the or
ganization.
An election to select next year's
president of the International
Club of the lIR will be held to
morrow from 12 to 15 p.m. at the
International Center.
Candidates for the office are
Gerard Desjeux, Mahmet Sheriff
and Anne Walsh.
All foreign students will be al
lowed lo vote by presenting their
student body card. American stu
dents in the"I" Club may vote by
showing their membership card.
The"I" Club is also planning a
dance at Che/ Yvonne for May 1),
ihe 50th anniversary of the or
ganization.
An election to select next year's
president of the International
Club of the lIR will be held to
morrow from 12 to 15 p.m. at the
International Center.
Candidates for the office are
Gerard Desjeux, Mahmet Sheriff
and Anne Walsh.
All foreign students will be al
lowed lo vote by presenting their
student body card. American stu
dents in the"I" Club may vote by
showing their membership card.
The"I" Club is also planning a
dance at Che/ Yvonne for May 1),
ihe 50th anniversary of the or
ganization.
An election to select next year's
president of the International
Club of the lIR will be held to
morrow from 12 to 15 p.m. at the
International Center.
Candidates for the office are
Gerard Desjeux, Mahmet Sheriff
and Anne Walsh.
All foreign students will be al
lowed lo vote by presenting their
student body card. American stu
dents in the"I" Club may vote by
showing their membership card.
The"I" Club is also planning a
dance at Che/ Yvonne for May 1),
ihe 50th anniversary of the or
ganization.
An election to select next year's
president of the International
Club of the lIR will be held to
morrow from 12 to 15 p.m. at the
International Center.
Candidates for the office are
Gerard Desjeux, Mahmet Sheriff
and Anne Walsh.
All foreign students will be al
lowed lo vote by presenting their
student body card. American stu
dents in the"I" Club may vote by
showing their membership card.
The"I" Club is also planning a
dance at Che/ Yvonne for May 1),
ihe 50th anniversary of the or
ganization.
An election to select next year's
president of the International
Club of the lIR will be held to
morrow from 12 to 15 p.m. at the
International Center.
Candidates for the office are
Gerard Desjeux, Mahmet Sheriff
and Anne Walsh.
All foreign students will be al
lowed lo vote by presenting their
student body card. American stu
dents in the"I" Club may vote by
showing their membership card.
The"I" Club is also planning a
dance at Che/ Yvonne for May 1),
ihe 50th anniversary of the or
ganization.
An election to select next year's
president of the International
Club of the lIR will be held to
morrow from 12 to 15 p.m. at the
International Center.
Candidates for the office are
Gerard Desjeux, Mahmet Sheriff
and Anne Walsh.
All foreign students will be al
lowed lo vote by presenting their
student body card. American stu
dents in the"I" Club may vote by
showing their membership card.
The"I" Club is also planning a
dance at Che/ Yvonne for May 1),
ihe 50th anniversary of the or
ganization.
An election to select next year's
president of the International
Club of the lIR will be held to
morrow from 12 to 15 p.m. at the
International Center.
Candidates for the office are
Gerard Desjeux, Mahmet Sheriff
and Anne Walsh.
All foreign students will be al
lowed lo vote by presenting their
student body card. American stu
dents in the"I" Club may vote by
showing their membership card.
The"I" Club is also planning a
dance at Che/ Yvonne for May 1),
ihe 50th anniversary of the or
ganization.
