# Job Interviews
## 
### 
U.S. Immigration and Naturali
zation Service: Openings for A.13.
degrees in liberal arts; must he
U.S. citizen. For U.S. Border Pa
trol; Border and southwestern
part of U.S.
General Milk Co. (affiliate Car
nation Co:. Openings for A.B. and
MB.A. for sales training in U.S.
for possible assignment in one of
29 foreign countries (such assign
ment not guaranteed but must be
willing to goi; U.S. citizens, vet
erans, age 2*4-32.
U.S. Immigration and Naturali
zation Service: Openings for A.13.
degrees in liberal arts; must he
U.S. citizen. For U.S. Border Pa
trol; Border and southwestern
part of U.S.
General Milk Co. (affiliate Car
nation Co:. Openings for A.B. and
MB.A. for sales training in U.S.
for possible assignment in one of
29 foreign countries (such assign
ment not guaranteed but must be
willing to goi; U.S. citizens, vet
erans, age 2*4-32.
U.S. Immigration and Naturali
zation Service: Openings for A.13.
degrees in liberal arts; must he
U.S. citizen. For U.S. Border Pa
trol; Border and southwestern
part of U.S.
General Milk Co. (affiliate Car
nation Co:. Openings for A.B. and
MB.A. for sales training in U.S.
for possible assignment in one of
29 foreign countries (such assign
ment not guaranteed but must be
willing to goi; U.S. citizens, vet
erans, age 2*4-32.
U.S. Immigration and Naturali
zation Service: Openings for A.13.
degrees in liberal arts; must he
U.S. citizen. For U.S. Border Pa
trol; Border and southwestern
part of U.S.
General Milk Co. (affiliate Car
nation Co:. Openings for A.B. and
MB.A. for sales training in U.S.
for possible assignment in one of
29 foreign countries (such assign
ment not guaranteed but must be
willing to goi; U.S. citizens, vet
erans, age 2*4-32.
U.S. Immigration and Naturali
zation Service: Openings for A.13.
degrees in liberal arts; must he
U.S. citizen. For U.S. Border Pa
trol; Border and southwestern
part of U.S.
General Milk Co. (affiliate Car
nation Co:. Openings for A.B. and
MB.A. for sales training in U.S.
for possible assignment in one of
29 foreign countries (such assign
ment not guaranteed but must be
willing to goi; U.S. citizens, vet
erans, age 2*4-32.
U.S. Immigration and Naturali
zation Service: Openings for A.13.
degrees in liberal arts; must he
U.S. citizen. For U.S. Border Pa
trol; Border and southwestern
part of U.S.
General Milk Co. (affiliate Car
nation Co:. Openings for A.B. and
MB.A. for sales training in U.S.
for possible assignment in one of
29 foreign countries (such assign
ment not guaranteed but must be
willing to goi; U.S. citizens, vet
erans, age 2*4-32.
U.S. Immigration and Naturali
zation Service: Openings for A.13.
degrees in liberal arts; must he
U.S. citizen. For U.S. Border Pa
trol; Border and southwestern
part of U.S.
General Milk Co. (affiliate Car
nation Co:. Openings for A.B. and
MB.A. for sales training in U.S.
for possible assignment in one of
29 foreign countries (such assign
ment not guaranteed but must be
willing to goi; U.S. citizens, vet
erans, age 2*4-32.
U.S. Immigration and Naturali
zation Service: Openings for A.13.
degrees in liberal arts; must he
U.S. citizen. For U.S. Border Pa
trol; Border and southwestern
part of U.S.
General Milk Co. (affiliate Car
nation Co:. Openings for A.B. and
MB.A. for sales training in U.S.
for possible assignment in one of
29 foreign countries (such assign
ment not guaranteed but must be
willing to goi; U.S. citizens, vet
erans, age 2*4-32.
U.S. Immigration and Naturali
zation Service: Openings for A.13.
degrees in liberal arts; must he
U.S. citizen. For U.S. Border Pa
trol; Border and southwestern
part of U.S.
General Milk Co. (affiliate Car
nation Co:. Openings for A.B. and
MB.A. for sales training in U.S.
for possible assignment in one of
29 foreign countries (such assign
ment not guaranteed but must be
willing to goi; U.S. citizens, vet
erans, age 2*4-32.
U.S. Immigration and Naturali
zation Service: Openings for A.13.
degrees in liberal arts; must he
U.S. citizen. For U.S. Border Pa
trol; Border and southwestern
part of U.S.
General Milk Co. (affiliate Car
nation Co:. Openings for A.B. and
MB.A. for sales training in U.S.
for possible assignment in one of
29 foreign countries (such assign
ment not guaranteed but must be
willing to goi; U.S. citizens, vet
erans, age 2*4-32.
U.S. Immigration and Naturali
zation Service: Openings for A.13.
degrees in liberal arts; must he
U.S. citizen. For U.S. Border Pa
trol; Border and southwestern
part of U.S.
General Milk Co. (affiliate Car
nation Co:. Openings for A.B. and
MB.A. for sales training in U.S.
for possible assignment in one of
29 foreign countries (such assign
ment not guaranteed but must be
willing to goi; U.S. citizens, vet
erans, age 2*4-32.
U.S. Immigration and Naturali
zation Service: Openings for A.13.
degrees in liberal arts; must he
U.S. citizen. For U.S. Border Pa
trol; Border and southwestern
part of U.S.
General Milk Co. (affiliate Car
nation Co:. Openings for A.B. and
MB.A. for sales training in U.S.
for possible assignment in one of
29 foreign countries (such assign
ment not guaranteed but must be
willing to goi; U.S. citizens, vet
erans, age 2*4-32.
U.S. Immigration and Naturali
zation Service: Openings for A.13.
degrees in liberal arts; must he
U.S. citizen. For U.S. Border Pa
trol; Border and southwestern
part of U.S.
General Milk Co. (affiliate Car
nation Co:. Openings for A.B. and
MB.A. for sales training in U.S.
for possible assignment in one of
29 foreign countries (such assign
ment not guaranteed but must be
willing to goi; U.S. citizens, vet
erans, age 2*4-32.
U.S. Immigration and Naturali
zation Service: Openings for A.13.
degrees in liberal arts; must he
U.S. citizen. For U.S. Border Pa
trol; Border and southwestern
part of U.S.
General Milk Co. (affiliate Car
nation Co:. Openings for A.B. and
MB.A. for sales training in U.S.
for possible assignment in one of
29 foreign countries (such assign
ment not guaranteed but must be
willing to goi; U.S. citizens, vet
erans, age 2*4-32.
U.S. Immigration and Naturali
zation Service: Openings for A.13.
degrees in liberal arts; must he
U.S. citizen. For U.S. Border Pa
trol; Border and southwestern
part of U.S.
General Milk Co. (affiliate Car
nation Co:. Openings for A.B. and
MB.A. for sales training in U.S.
for possible assignment in one of
29 foreign countries (such assign
ment not guaranteed but must be
willing to goi; U.S. citizens, vet
erans, age 2*4-32.
U.S. Immigration and Naturali
zation Service: Openings for A.13.
degrees in liberal arts; must he
U.S. citizen. For U.S. Border Pa
trol; Border and southwestern
part of U.S.
General Milk Co. (affiliate Car
nation Co:. Openings for A.B. and
MB.A. for sales training in U.S.
for possible assignment in one of
29 foreign countries (such assign
ment not guaranteed but must be
willing to goi; U.S. citizens, vet
erans, age 2*4-32.
U.S. Immigration and Naturali
zation Service: Openings for A.13.
degrees in liberal arts; must he
U.S. citizen. For U.S. Border Pa
trol; Border and southwestern
part of U.S.
General Milk Co. (affiliate Car
nation Co:. Openings for A.B. and
MB.A. for sales training in U.S.
for possible assignment in one of
29 foreign countries (such assign
ment not guaranteed but must be
willing to goi; U.S. citizens, vet
erans, age 2*4-32.
