# Educational Commission Chosen.
## 
### 
By vote of the last meeting of the
California Schoolmasters' Club, pro
vision was made for the appointment
of a Commission on the Training of
Educational Workers. This is the
first systematic attempt in the coun
try to treat the whole problem of
training all types of educational
workers. The commission, as an
nounced by .Prof. A. H. Suzzallo, of
the department of Education, consists
of nine men, prominent in educational
circles in San Francisco and vicinity.
One of these is Prof. E. P. Cubberly,
of the department of Education, who
is also chairman of one of the three
sub-commissions, which will report
on the spccial aspects of the educa
tional problem. The work will be
completed in six or seven weeks.
By vote of the last meeting of the
California Schoolmasters' Club, pro
vision was made for the appointment
of a Commission on the Training of
Educational Workers. This is the
first systematic attempt in the coun
try to treat the whole problem of
training all types of educational
workers. The commission, as an
nounced by .Prof. A. H. Suzzallo, of
the department of Education, consists
of nine men, prominent in educational
circles in San Francisco and vicinity.
One of these is Prof. E. P. Cubberly,
of the department of Education, who
is also chairman of one of the three
sub-commissions, which will report
on the spccial aspects of the educa
tional problem. The work will be
completed in six or seven weeks.
By vote of the last meeting of the
California Schoolmasters' Club, pro
vision was made for the appointment
of a Commission on the Training of
Educational Workers. This is the
first systematic attempt in the coun
try to treat the whole problem of
training all types of educational
workers. The commission, as an
nounced by .Prof. A. H. Suzzallo, of
the department of Education, consists
of nine men, prominent in educational
circles in San Francisco and vicinity.
One of these is Prof. E. P. Cubberly,
of the department of Education, who
is also chairman of one of the three
sub-commissions, which will report
on the spccial aspects of the educa
tional problem. The work will be
completed in six or seven weeks.
By vote of the last meeting of the
California Schoolmasters' Club, pro
vision was made for the appointment
of a Commission on the Training of
Educational Workers. This is the
first systematic attempt in the coun
try to treat the whole problem of
training all types of educational
workers. The commission, as an
nounced by .Prof. A. H. Suzzallo, of
the department of Education, consists
of nine men, prominent in educational
circles in San Francisco and vicinity.
One of these is Prof. E. P. Cubberly,
of the department of Education, who
is also chairman of one of the three
sub-commissions, which will report
on the spccial aspects of the educa
tional problem. The work will be
completed in six or seven weeks.
By vote of the last meeting of the
California Schoolmasters' Club, pro
vision was made for the appointment
of a Commission on the Training of
Educational Workers. This is the
first systematic attempt in the coun
try to treat the whole problem of
training all types of educational
workers. The commission, as an
nounced by .Prof. A. H. Suzzallo, of
the department of Education, consists
of nine men, prominent in educational
circles in San Francisco and vicinity.
One of these is Prof. E. P. Cubberly,
of the department of Education, who
is also chairman of one of the three
sub-commissions, which will report
on the spccial aspects of the educa
tional problem. The work will be
completed in six or seven weeks.
By vote of the last meeting of the
California Schoolmasters' Club, pro
vision was made for the appointment
of a Commission on the Training of
Educational Workers. This is the
first systematic attempt in the coun
try to treat the whole problem of
training all types of educational
workers. The commission, as an
nounced by .Prof. A. H. Suzzallo, of
the department of Education, consists
of nine men, prominent in educational
circles in San Francisco and vicinity.
One of these is Prof. E. P. Cubberly,
of the department of Education, who
is also chairman of one of the three
sub-commissions, which will report
on the spccial aspects of the educa
tional problem. The work will be
completed in six or seven weeks.
By vote of the last meeting of the
California Schoolmasters' Club, pro
vision was made for the appointment
of a Commission on the Training of
Educational Workers. This is the
first systematic attempt in the coun
try to treat the whole problem of
training all types of educational
workers. The commission, as an
nounced by .Prof. A. H. Suzzallo, of
the department of Education, consists
of nine men, prominent in educational
circles in San Francisco and vicinity.
One of these is Prof. E. P. Cubberly,
of the department of Education, who
is also chairman of one of the three
sub-commissions, which will report
on the spccial aspects of the educa
tional problem. The work will be
completed in six or seven weeks.
By vote of the last meeting of the
California Schoolmasters' Club, pro
vision was made for the appointment
of a Commission on the Training of
Educational Workers. This is the
first systematic attempt in the coun
try to treat the whole problem of
training all types of educational
workers. The commission, as an
nounced by .Prof. A. H. Suzzallo, of
the department of Education, consists
of nine men, prominent in educational
circles in San Francisco and vicinity.
One of these is Prof. E. P. Cubberly,
of the department of Education, who
is also chairman of one of the three
sub-commissions, which will report
on the spccial aspects of the educa
tional problem. The work will be
completed in six or seven weeks.
By vote of the last meeting of the
California Schoolmasters' Club, pro
vision was made for the appointment
of a Commission on the Training of
Educational Workers. This is the
first systematic attempt in the coun
try to treat the whole problem of
training all types of educational
workers. The commission, as an
nounced by .Prof. A. H. Suzzallo, of
the department of Education, consists
of nine men, prominent in educational
circles in San Francisco and vicinity.
One of these is Prof. E. P. Cubberly,
of the department of Education, who
is also chairman of one of the three
sub-commissions, which will report
on the spccial aspects of the educa
tional problem. The work will be
completed in six or seven weeks.
