# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—Hast Hall at Berkeley caught on
fire Monday morning and a serious
blaze was narrowly averted after an
hour's hard work fighting by the stu
dents.
—Hast Hall at Berkeley caught on
fire Monday morning and a serious
blaze was narrowly averted after an
hour's hard work fighting by the stu
dents.
—Hast Hall at Berkeley caught on
fire Monday morning and a serious
blaze was narrowly averted after an
hour's hard work fighting by the stu
dents.
—Hast Hall at Berkeley caught on
fire Monday morning and a serious
blaze was narrowly averted after an
hour's hard work fighting by the stu
dents.
—Hast Hall at Berkeley caught on
fire Monday morning and a serious
blaze was narrowly averted after an
hour's hard work fighting by the stu
dents.
—Hast Hall at Berkeley caught on
fire Monday morning and a serious
blaze was narrowly averted after an
hour's hard work fighting by the stu
dents.
—Hast Hall at Berkeley caught on
fire Monday morning and a serious
blaze was narrowly averted after an
hour's hard work fighting by the stu
dents.
—Hast Hall at Berkeley caught on
fire Monday morning and a serious
blaze was narrowly averted after an
hour's hard work fighting by the stu
dents.
—Hast Hall at Berkeley caught on
fire Monday morning and a serious
blaze was narrowly averted after an
hour's hard work fighting by the stu
dents.
