# Adv. 27 Page 10
## 
### 
:
REMINDER!!
ALL
STUDENTS
WELCOME!
Come to GTE's on-campus
information reception
TONIGHT:
and find out about the
outstanding technical and
business career opportu
nities available. Actual
recruitment date is
October 30th.
1
:
REMINDER!!
ALL
STUDENTS
WELCOME!
Come to GTE's on-campus
information reception
TONIGHT:
and find out about the
outstanding technical and
business career opportu
nities available. Actual
recruitment date is
October 30th.
1
:
REMINDER!!
ALL
STUDENTS
WELCOME!
Come to GTE's on-campus
information reception
TONIGHT:
and find out about the
outstanding technical and
business career opportu
nities available. Actual
recruitment date is
October 30th.
1
:
REMINDER!!
ALL
STUDENTS
WELCOME!
Come to GTE's on-campus
information reception
TONIGHT:
and find out about the
outstanding technical and
business career opportu
nities available. Actual
recruitment date is
October 30th.
1
:
REMINDER!!
ALL
STUDENTS
WELCOME!
Come to GTE's on-campus
information reception
TONIGHT:
and find out about the
outstanding technical and
business career opportu
nities available. Actual
recruitment date is
October 30th.
1
:
REMINDER!!
ALL
STUDENTS
WELCOME!
Come to GTE's on-campus
information reception
TONIGHT:
and find out about the
outstanding technical and
business career opportu
nities available. Actual
recruitment date is
October 30th.
1
:
REMINDER!!
ALL
STUDENTS
WELCOME!
Come to GTE's on-campus
information reception
TONIGHT:
and find out about the
outstanding technical and
business career opportu
nities available. Actual
recruitment date is
October 30th.
1
:
REMINDER!!
ALL
STUDENTS
WELCOME!
Come to GTE's on-campus
information reception
TONIGHT:
and find out about the
outstanding technical and
business career opportu
nities available. Actual
recruitment date is
October 30th.
1
