# JUNIOR SECTION OF 1922 QUAD TO GO TO PRESS NEXT MONTH
## 
### 
A new record is being established by
the present Quad management, Editor
Ross C. Fisher and Manager W. H.
Vosburgh, in advancing the work of
preparing the 1922 Yearbook. A month
has been gained by the quickness with
which Quad dues have been collected
and Junior Class pictures taken. Three
hundred and twenty-one dues have been
paid, a number in excess of the esti
mated roll of the class. Over 150 have
reported to Davy's to be protographed.
Misunderstanding has arisen in the
Junior Class as to the method of pay
ment of dues. Manager Vosburgh states
that the class assessment may be paid
by mailing $7 to the Quad Manager, Box
100, Stanford University. All checks
should be made payable to the 1922
Quad.
The necessity of the early payment
of the Quad dues is emphasized by
Editor Fisher. The Junior Section of
the 1922 Quad will be closed on a date
much earlier this year than has been
the custom, probably in the early pari
of December. In order to make the
photographic record of the class com
plete it is essential that none of the
third-year men and women neglect to
pay the assessment during the coming
week. Pictures must be taken not later
than the middle of the month in order
that the Junior Section be put to press
prior to Christmas.
