# CIVIL ENGINEERING MAJORS WILL HAVE SMOKER THURSDAY
## 
### 
The Civil Engineering Society will
have its smoker Thursday night at
the Faculty Clubhouse, and all civil
engineers and lower division men are
invited. The usual program of boxing
and stunts will be elaborated by sev
eral addresses by members of the
faculty and alumni. The opportunity
for the lower division men to become
acquainted with the older men of this
department is particularly good and
they are especially invited to attend
for this reason.
The scholarship being instituted by
the Civil Engineers is gradually build
ing itself up. A three thousand-dol
lar fund is being collected by alumni
subscription and the interest from
this will be given to some deserving
civil engineering major in the upper
division. The first scholarship will
probably be awarded at the beginning
of the autumn quarter next year. The
alumni are contributing well though
no outside subscriptions are being so
licited. any money from the persons
interested in this department will be
appreciated.
The Civil Engineering Society will
have its smoker Thursday night at
the Faculty Clubhouse, and all civil
engineers and lower division men are
invited. The usual program of boxing
and stunts will be elaborated by sev
eral addresses by members of the
faculty and alumni. The opportunity
for the lower division men to become
acquainted with the older men of this
department is particularly good and
they are especially invited to attend
for this reason.
The scholarship being instituted by
the Civil Engineers is gradually build
ing itself up. A three thousand-dol
lar fund is being collected by alumni
subscription and the interest from
this will be given to some deserving
civil engineering major in the upper
division. The first scholarship will
probably be awarded at the beginning
of the autumn quarter next year. The
alumni are contributing well though
no outside subscriptions are being so
licited. any money from the persons
interested in this department will be
appreciated.
The Civil Engineering Society will
have its smoker Thursday night at
the Faculty Clubhouse, and all civil
engineers and lower division men are
invited. The usual program of boxing
and stunts will be elaborated by sev
eral addresses by members of the
faculty and alumni. The opportunity
for the lower division men to become
acquainted with the older men of this
department is particularly good and
they are especially invited to attend
for this reason.
The scholarship being instituted by
the Civil Engineers is gradually build
ing itself up. A three thousand-dol
lar fund is being collected by alumni
subscription and the interest from
this will be given to some deserving
civil engineering major in the upper
division. The first scholarship will
probably be awarded at the beginning
of the autumn quarter next year. The
alumni are contributing well though
no outside subscriptions are being so
licited. any money from the persons
interested in this department will be
appreciated.
The Civil Engineering Society will
have its smoker Thursday night at
the Faculty Clubhouse, and all civil
engineers and lower division men are
invited. The usual program of boxing
and stunts will be elaborated by sev
eral addresses by members of the
faculty and alumni. The opportunity
for the lower division men to become
acquainted with the older men of this
department is particularly good and
they are especially invited to attend
for this reason.
The scholarship being instituted by
the Civil Engineers is gradually build
ing itself up. A three thousand-dol
lar fund is being collected by alumni
subscription and the interest from
this will be given to some deserving
civil engineering major in the upper
division. The first scholarship will
probably be awarded at the beginning
of the autumn quarter next year. The
alumni are contributing well though
no outside subscriptions are being so
licited. any money from the persons
interested in this department will be
appreciated.
The Civil Engineering Society will
have its smoker Thursday night at
the Faculty Clubhouse, and all civil
engineers and lower division men are
invited. The usual program of boxing
and stunts will be elaborated by sev
eral addresses by members of the
faculty and alumni. The opportunity
for the lower division men to become
acquainted with the older men of this
department is particularly good and
they are especially invited to attend
for this reason.
The scholarship being instituted by
the Civil Engineers is gradually build
ing itself up. A three thousand-dol
lar fund is being collected by alumni
subscription and the interest from
this will be given to some deserving
civil engineering major in the upper
division. The first scholarship will
probably be awarded at the beginning
of the autumn quarter next year. The
alumni are contributing well though
no outside subscriptions are being so
licited. any money from the persons
interested in this department will be
appreciated.
The Civil Engineering Society will
have its smoker Thursday night at
the Faculty Clubhouse, and all civil
engineers and lower division men are
invited. The usual program of boxing
and stunts will be elaborated by sev
eral addresses by members of the
faculty and alumni. The opportunity
for the lower division men to become
acquainted with the older men of this
department is particularly good and
they are especially invited to attend
for this reason.
The scholarship being instituted by
the Civil Engineers is gradually build
ing itself up. A three thousand-dol
lar fund is being collected by alumni
subscription and the interest from
this will be given to some deserving
civil engineering major in the upper
division. The first scholarship will
probably be awarded at the beginning
of the autumn quarter next year. The
alumni are contributing well though
no outside subscriptions are being so
licited. any money from the persons
interested in this department will be
appreciated.
The Civil Engineering Society will
have its smoker Thursday night at
the Faculty Clubhouse, and all civil
engineers and lower division men are
invited. The usual program of boxing
and stunts will be elaborated by sev
eral addresses by members of the
faculty and alumni. The opportunity
for the lower division men to become
acquainted with the older men of this
department is particularly good and
they are especially invited to attend
for this reason.
The scholarship being instituted by
the Civil Engineers is gradually build
ing itself up. A three thousand-dol
lar fund is being collected by alumni
subscription and the interest from
this will be given to some deserving
civil engineering major in the upper
division. The first scholarship will
probably be awarded at the beginning
of the autumn quarter next year. The
alumni are contributing well though
no outside subscriptions are being so
licited. any money from the persons
interested in this department will be
appreciated.
The Civil Engineering Society will
have its smoker Thursday night at
the Faculty Clubhouse, and all civil
engineers and lower division men are
invited. The usual program of boxing
and stunts will be elaborated by sev
eral addresses by members of the
faculty and alumni. The opportunity
for the lower division men to become
acquainted with the older men of this
department is particularly good and
they are especially invited to attend
for this reason.
The scholarship being instituted by
the Civil Engineers is gradually build
ing itself up. A three thousand-dol
lar fund is being collected by alumni
subscription and the interest from
this will be given to some deserving
civil engineering major in the upper
division. The first scholarship will
probably be awarded at the beginning
of the autumn quarter next year. The
alumni are contributing well though
no outside subscriptions are being so
licited. any money from the persons
interested in this department will be
appreciated.
The Civil Engineering Society will
have its smoker Thursday night at
the Faculty Clubhouse, and all civil
engineers and lower division men are
invited. The usual program of boxing
and stunts will be elaborated by sev
eral addresses by members of the
faculty and alumni. The opportunity
for the lower division men to become
acquainted with the older men of this
department is particularly good and
they are especially invited to attend
for this reason.
The scholarship being instituted by
the Civil Engineers is gradually build
ing itself up. A three thousand-dol
lar fund is being collected by alumni
subscription and the interest from
this will be given to some deserving
civil engineering major in the upper
division. The first scholarship will
probably be awarded at the beginning
of the autumn quarter next year. The
alumni are contributing well though
no outside subscriptions are being so
licited. any money from the persons
interested in this department will be
appreciated.
The Civil Engineering Society will
have its smoker Thursday night at
the Faculty Clubhouse, and all civil
engineers and lower division men are
invited. The usual program of boxing
and stunts will be elaborated by sev
eral addresses by members of the
faculty and alumni. The opportunity
for the lower division men to become
acquainted with the older men of this
department is particularly good and
they are especially invited to attend
for this reason.
The scholarship being instituted by
the Civil Engineers is gradually build
ing itself up. A three thousand-dol
lar fund is being collected by alumni
subscription and the interest from
this will be given to some deserving
civil engineering major in the upper
division. The first scholarship will
probably be awarded at the beginning
of the autumn quarter next year. The
alumni are contributing well though
no outside subscriptions are being so
licited. any money from the persons
interested in this department will be
appreciated.
The Civil Engineering Society will
have its smoker Thursday night at
the Faculty Clubhouse, and all civil
engineers and lower division men are
invited. The usual program of boxing
and stunts will be elaborated by sev
eral addresses by members of the
faculty and alumni. The opportunity
for the lower division men to become
acquainted with the older men of this
department is particularly good and
they are especially invited to attend
for this reason.
The scholarship being instituted by
the Civil Engineers is gradually build
ing itself up. A three thousand-dol
lar fund is being collected by alumni
subscription and the interest from
this will be given to some deserving
civil engineering major in the upper
division. The first scholarship will
probably be awarded at the beginning
of the autumn quarter next year. The
alumni are contributing well though
no outside subscriptions are being so
licited. any money from the persons
interested in this department will be
appreciated.
The Civil Engineering Society will
have its smoker Thursday night at
the Faculty Clubhouse, and all civil
engineers and lower division men are
invited. The usual program of boxing
and stunts will be elaborated by sev
eral addresses by members of the
faculty and alumni. The opportunity
for the lower division men to become
acquainted with the older men of this
department is particularly good and
they are especially invited to attend
for this reason.
The scholarship being instituted by
the Civil Engineers is gradually build
ing itself up. A three thousand-dol
lar fund is being collected by alumni
subscription and the interest from
this will be given to some deserving
civil engineering major in the upper
division. The first scholarship will
probably be awarded at the beginning
of the autumn quarter next year. The
alumni are contributing well though
no outside subscriptions are being so
licited. any money from the persons
interested in this department will be
appreciated.
