# LARGE CORPORATION WILL BE FORMED TO AID CROP GROWERS
## 
### United Press 
HARRISBURG, Pa., Dec. I.â€”A
United States Finance Corporation,
capitalized at $2,000,000,000, to open
foreign trade and extend credit to
farmers, would solve the problems con
fronting agricultural interests of the
country, Governor W. L. Harding of
lowa declared today at the governors'
conference here. Credit could then be
extended to farmers, who would move
their crops in the export trade. The
plan would break the deadlock now
existing 011 corn, wheat and other farm
products, and conditions caused by pres
ent exchange conditions and lack of
credit, which now makes buying power
almost lacking abroad, would be bet
tered.
"Unless sufficient credit is offered
farmers in all parts of the country they
are not going to produce enough to meet
demands for their product," the gov
ernor added.
