# ROSE BOWL PAST
## 
### 
Stanford is the only university
ever to be selected to play in the
Rose Bowl for three consecutive
years. The Indians got the bid in
1933, '34, and '35.
Stanford is the only university
ever to be selected to play in the
Rose Bowl for three consecutive
years. The Indians got the bid in
1933, '34, and '35.
Stanford is the only university
ever to be selected to play in the
Rose Bowl for three consecutive
years. The Indians got the bid in
1933, '34, and '35.
Stanford is the only university
ever to be selected to play in the
Rose Bowl for three consecutive
years. The Indians got the bid in
1933, '34, and '35.
Stanford is the only university
ever to be selected to play in the
Rose Bowl for three consecutive
years. The Indians got the bid in
1933, '34, and '35.
Stanford is the only university
ever to be selected to play in the
Rose Bowl for three consecutive
years. The Indians got the bid in
1933, '34, and '35.
Stanford is the only university
ever to be selected to play in the
Rose Bowl for three consecutive
years. The Indians got the bid in
1933, '34, and '35.
Stanford is the only university
ever to be selected to play in the
Rose Bowl for three consecutive
years. The Indians got the bid in
1933, '34, and '35.
Stanford is the only university
ever to be selected to play in the
Rose Bowl for three consecutive
years. The Indians got the bid in
1933, '34, and '35.
Stanford is the only university
ever to be selected to play in the
Rose Bowl for three consecutive
years. The Indians got the bid in
1933, '34, and '35.
Stanford is the only university
ever to be selected to play in the
Rose Bowl for three consecutive
years. The Indians got the bid in
1933, '34, and '35.
Stanford is the only university
ever to be selected to play in the
Rose Bowl for three consecutive
years. The Indians got the bid in
1933, '34, and '35.
Stanford is the only university
ever to be selected to play in the
Rose Bowl for three consecutive
years. The Indians got the bid in
1933, '34, and '35.
Stanford is the only university
ever to be selected to play in the
Rose Bowl for three consecutive
years. The Indians got the bid in
1933, '34, and '35.
Stanford is the only university
ever to be selected to play in the
Rose Bowl for three consecutive
years. The Indians got the bid in
1933, '34, and '35.
