# Saturday Named WAA Sports Day
## 
### 
WAA is having a Spoils Uay wil.li
San Jose State College tomorrow
morning from 10 to 12 in the Wom
en's Gym, announced Jean Single
hurst, W.A.A. member, yesterday.
Participants will compete in tennis,
badminton, archery, swimming, and
hockey, she said, and refreshments
will be served during the morning.
It was announced that Pat Cashcl,
'4:5 physical education major and
former physical education instruc
tor at Stanford, has donated her
thesis on the history of the Wom
en's Athletic Association at Stan
ford to the W.A.A. Miss Cashel is
now instructing in Bakcrsficld, said
Miss Singlehurst.
In its meeting Tuesdny, W.A.A.
elected Helen Ridge to the post of
freshman representative to the
board.
WAA is having a Spoils Uay wil.li
San Jose State College tomorrow
morning from 10 to 12 in the Wom
en's Gym, announced Jean Single
hurst, W.A.A. member, yesterday.
Participants will compete in tennis,
badminton, archery, swimming, and
hockey, she said, and refreshments
will be served during the morning.
It was announced that Pat Cashcl,
'4:5 physical education major and
former physical education instruc
tor at Stanford, has donated her
thesis on the history of the Wom
en's Athletic Association at Stan
ford to the W.A.A. Miss Cashel is
now instructing in Bakcrsficld, said
Miss Singlehurst.
In its meeting Tuesdny, W.A.A.
elected Helen Ridge to the post of
freshman representative to the
board.
WAA is having a Spoils Uay wil.li
San Jose State College tomorrow
morning from 10 to 12 in the Wom
en's Gym, announced Jean Single
hurst, W.A.A. member, yesterday.
Participants will compete in tennis,
badminton, archery, swimming, and
hockey, she said, and refreshments
will be served during the morning.
It was announced that Pat Cashcl,
'4:5 physical education major and
former physical education instruc
tor at Stanford, has donated her
thesis on the history of the Wom
en's Athletic Association at Stan
ford to the W.A.A. Miss Cashel is
now instructing in Bakcrsficld, said
Miss Singlehurst.
In its meeting Tuesdny, W.A.A.
elected Helen Ridge to the post of
freshman representative to the
board.
WAA is having a Spoils Uay wil.li
San Jose State College tomorrow
morning from 10 to 12 in the Wom
en's Gym, announced Jean Single
hurst, W.A.A. member, yesterday.
Participants will compete in tennis,
badminton, archery, swimming, and
hockey, she said, and refreshments
will be served during the morning.
It was announced that Pat Cashcl,
'4:5 physical education major and
former physical education instruc
tor at Stanford, has donated her
thesis on the history of the Wom
en's Athletic Association at Stan
ford to the W.A.A. Miss Cashel is
now instructing in Bakcrsficld, said
Miss Singlehurst.
In its meeting Tuesdny, W.A.A.
elected Helen Ridge to the post of
freshman representative to the
board.
WAA is having a Spoils Uay wil.li
San Jose State College tomorrow
morning from 10 to 12 in the Wom
en's Gym, announced Jean Single
hurst, W.A.A. member, yesterday.
Participants will compete in tennis,
badminton, archery, swimming, and
hockey, she said, and refreshments
will be served during the morning.
It was announced that Pat Cashcl,
'4:5 physical education major and
former physical education instruc
tor at Stanford, has donated her
thesis on the history of the Wom
en's Athletic Association at Stan
ford to the W.A.A. Miss Cashel is
now instructing in Bakcrsficld, said
Miss Singlehurst.
In its meeting Tuesdny, W.A.A.
elected Helen Ridge to the post of
freshman representative to the
board.
WAA is having a Spoils Uay wil.li
San Jose State College tomorrow
morning from 10 to 12 in the Wom
en's Gym, announced Jean Single
hurst, W.A.A. member, yesterday.
Participants will compete in tennis,
badminton, archery, swimming, and
hockey, she said, and refreshments
will be served during the morning.
It was announced that Pat Cashcl,
'4:5 physical education major and
former physical education instruc
tor at Stanford, has donated her
thesis on the history of the Wom
en's Athletic Association at Stan
ford to the W.A.A. Miss Cashel is
now instructing in Bakcrsficld, said
Miss Singlehurst.
In its meeting Tuesdny, W.A.A.
elected Helen Ridge to the post of
freshman representative to the
board.
WAA is having a Spoils Uay wil.li
San Jose State College tomorrow
morning from 10 to 12 in the Wom
en's Gym, announced Jean Single
hurst, W.A.A. member, yesterday.
Participants will compete in tennis,
badminton, archery, swimming, and
hockey, she said, and refreshments
will be served during the morning.
It was announced that Pat Cashcl,
'4:5 physical education major and
former physical education instruc
tor at Stanford, has donated her
thesis on the history of the Wom
en's Athletic Association at Stan
ford to the W.A.A. Miss Cashel is
now instructing in Bakcrsficld, said
Miss Singlehurst.
In its meeting Tuesdny, W.A.A.
elected Helen Ridge to the post of
freshman representative to the
board.
WAA is having a Spoils Uay wil.li
San Jose State College tomorrow
morning from 10 to 12 in the Wom
en's Gym, announced Jean Single
hurst, W.A.A. member, yesterday.
Participants will compete in tennis,
badminton, archery, swimming, and
hockey, she said, and refreshments
will be served during the morning.
It was announced that Pat Cashcl,
'4:5 physical education major and
former physical education instruc
tor at Stanford, has donated her
thesis on the history of the Wom
en's Athletic Association at Stan
ford to the W.A.A. Miss Cashel is
now instructing in Bakcrsficld, said
Miss Singlehurst.
In its meeting Tuesdny, W.A.A.
elected Helen Ridge to the post of
freshman representative to the
board.
WAA is having a Spoils Uay wil.li
San Jose State College tomorrow
morning from 10 to 12 in the Wom
en's Gym, announced Jean Single
hurst, W.A.A. member, yesterday.
Participants will compete in tennis,
badminton, archery, swimming, and
hockey, she said, and refreshments
will be served during the morning.
It was announced that Pat Cashcl,
'4:5 physical education major and
former physical education instruc
tor at Stanford, has donated her
thesis on the history of the Wom
en's Athletic Association at Stan
ford to the W.A.A. Miss Cashel is
now instructing in Bakcrsficld, said
Miss Singlehurst.
In its meeting Tuesdny, W.A.A.
elected Helen Ridge to the post of
freshman representative to the
board.
WAA is having a Spoils Uay wil.li
San Jose State College tomorrow
morning from 10 to 12 in the Wom
en's Gym, announced Jean Single
hurst, W.A.A. member, yesterday.
Participants will compete in tennis,
badminton, archery, swimming, and
hockey, she said, and refreshments
will be served during the morning.
It was announced that Pat Cashcl,
'4:5 physical education major and
former physical education instruc
tor at Stanford, has donated her
thesis on the history of the Wom
en's Athletic Association at Stan
ford to the W.A.A. Miss Cashel is
now instructing in Bakcrsficld, said
Miss Singlehurst.
In its meeting Tuesdny, W.A.A.
elected Helen Ridge to the post of
freshman representative to the
board.
WAA is having a Spoils Uay wil.li
San Jose State College tomorrow
morning from 10 to 12 in the Wom
en's Gym, announced Jean Single
hurst, W.A.A. member, yesterday.
Participants will compete in tennis,
badminton, archery, swimming, and
hockey, she said, and refreshments
will be served during the morning.
It was announced that Pat Cashcl,
'4:5 physical education major and
former physical education instruc
tor at Stanford, has donated her
thesis on the history of the Wom
en's Athletic Association at Stan
ford to the W.A.A. Miss Cashel is
now instructing in Bakcrsficld, said
Miss Singlehurst.
In its meeting Tuesdny, W.A.A.
elected Helen Ridge to the post of
freshman representative to the
board.
WAA is having a Spoils Uay wil.li
San Jose State College tomorrow
morning from 10 to 12 in the Wom
en's Gym, announced Jean Single
hurst, W.A.A. member, yesterday.
Participants will compete in tennis,
badminton, archery, swimming, and
hockey, she said, and refreshments
will be served during the morning.
It was announced that Pat Cashcl,
'4:5 physical education major and
former physical education instruc
tor at Stanford, has donated her
thesis on the history of the Wom
en's Athletic Association at Stan
ford to the W.A.A. Miss Cashel is
now instructing in Bakcrsficld, said
Miss Singlehurst.
In its meeting Tuesdny, W.A.A.
elected Helen Ridge to the post of
freshman representative to the
board.
WAA is having a Spoils Uay wil.li
San Jose State College tomorrow
morning from 10 to 12 in the Wom
en's Gym, announced Jean Single
hurst, W.A.A. member, yesterday.
Participants will compete in tennis,
badminton, archery, swimming, and
hockey, she said, and refreshments
will be served during the morning.
It was announced that Pat Cashcl,
'4:5 physical education major and
former physical education instruc
tor at Stanford, has donated her
thesis on the history of the Wom
en's Athletic Association at Stan
ford to the W.A.A. Miss Cashel is
now instructing in Bakcrsficld, said
Miss Singlehurst.
In its meeting Tuesdny, W.A.A.
elected Helen Ridge to the post of
freshman representative to the
board.
WAA is having a Spoils Uay wil.li
San Jose State College tomorrow
morning from 10 to 12 in the Wom
en's Gym, announced Jean Single
hurst, W.A.A. member, yesterday.
Participants will compete in tennis,
badminton, archery, swimming, and
hockey, she said, and refreshments
will be served during the morning.
It was announced that Pat Cashcl,
'4:5 physical education major and
former physical education instruc
tor at Stanford, has donated her
thesis on the history of the Wom
en's Athletic Association at Stan
ford to the W.A.A. Miss Cashel is
now instructing in Bakcrsficld, said
Miss Singlehurst.
In its meeting Tuesdny, W.A.A.
elected Helen Ridge to the post of
freshman representative to the
board.
WAA is having a Spoils Uay wil.li
San Jose State College tomorrow
morning from 10 to 12 in the Wom
en's Gym, announced Jean Single
hurst, W.A.A. member, yesterday.
Participants will compete in tennis,
badminton, archery, swimming, and
hockey, she said, and refreshments
will be served during the morning.
It was announced that Pat Cashcl,
'4:5 physical education major and
former physical education instruc
tor at Stanford, has donated her
thesis on the history of the Wom
en's Athletic Association at Stan
ford to the W.A.A. Miss Cashel is
now instructing in Bakcrsficld, said
Miss Singlehurst.
In its meeting Tuesdny, W.A.A.
elected Helen Ridge to the post of
freshman representative to the
board.
