# ‘Y’ To Attend Regional Meet
## 
### 
Stanford Y.W.C.A. representatives
will meet with other California and
regional "Y" members in San Fran
cisco tomorrow at two conferences.
One Y.W.C.A. conference will be
held in the afternoon, where na
tional leaders will meet with student
representatives from Stockton, Sac
ramento, San Jose, Vallejo, and
Berkeley.
Representing Stanford at this
meeting will be Louise Phillips,
Stanford "Y" president, Mary Vir
ginia Butler, Donna Lapham, Mary-
Ethel Robinson, Beatrice Boland,
Mary Virginia Pond, Madeline Brill,
national representative, and Pat
Whittcmore, chairman of the confer
ence at Stanford.
The other conference will be held
in the morning when the regional
Y.W.C.A. Advisory Council of stu
dents and advisors will meet in
San Francisco, with Mrs. Louis
Lundborg, President of the Stanford
advisory board, Mrs. Robert Ander
son, a member of the Stanford ad
visory board, Miss Jane Erwin, as
sistant co-chairman of the regional
council, and Miss Pat Davidson,
Stanford Y.W.C.A. executive secre
tary, representing Stanford at the
meeting.
The regional district includes Cal
ifornia, Nevada, Arizona, and Ha
waii.
