# Untitled Article
## 
### 

IN FAVOR OF PEKON—Supporters of Colonel Juan Peron, former Argentine Vice President,
stage enthusiastic demonstration before government palace in Buenos Aires. Banners and
placards bear Peron's picture. Peron, who recently seized control of the government, has
promised to "work for the people."

IN FAVOR OF PEKON—Supporters of Colonel Juan Peron, former Argentine Vice President,
stage enthusiastic demonstration before government palace in Buenos Aires. Banners and
placards bear Peron's picture. Peron, who recently seized control of the government, has
promised to "work for the people."

IN FAVOR OF PEKON—Supporters of Colonel Juan Peron, former Argentine Vice President,
stage enthusiastic demonstration before government palace in Buenos Aires. Banners and
placards bear Peron's picture. Peron, who recently seized control of the government, has
promised to "work for the people."

IN FAVOR OF PEKON—Supporters of Colonel Juan Peron, former Argentine Vice President,
stage enthusiastic demonstration before government palace in Buenos Aires. Banners and
placards bear Peron's picture. Peron, who recently seized control of the government, has
promised to "work for the people."

IN FAVOR OF PEKON—Supporters of Colonel Juan Peron, former Argentine Vice President,
stage enthusiastic demonstration before government palace in Buenos Aires. Banners and
placards bear Peron's picture. Peron, who recently seized control of the government, has
promised to "work for the people."

IN FAVOR OF PEKON—Supporters of Colonel Juan Peron, former Argentine Vice President,
stage enthusiastic demonstration before government palace in Buenos Aires. Banners and
placards bear Peron's picture. Peron, who recently seized control of the government, has
promised to "work for the people."

IN FAVOR OF PEKON—Supporters of Colonel Juan Peron, former Argentine Vice President,
stage enthusiastic demonstration before government palace in Buenos Aires. Banners and
placards bear Peron's picture. Peron, who recently seized control of the government, has
promised to "work for the people."

IN FAVOR OF PEKON—Supporters of Colonel Juan Peron, former Argentine Vice President,
stage enthusiastic demonstration before government palace in Buenos Aires. Banners and
placards bear Peron's picture. Peron, who recently seized control of the government, has
promised to "work for the people."

IN FAVOR OF PEKON—Supporters of Colonel Juan Peron, former Argentine Vice President,
stage enthusiastic demonstration before government palace in Buenos Aires. Banners and
placards bear Peron's picture. Peron, who recently seized control of the government, has
promised to "work for the people."

IN FAVOR OF PEKON—Supporters of Colonel Juan Peron, former Argentine Vice President,
stage enthusiastic demonstration before government palace in Buenos Aires. Banners and
placards bear Peron's picture. Peron, who recently seized control of the government, has
promised to "work for the people."

IN FAVOR OF PEKON—Supporters of Colonel Juan Peron, former Argentine Vice President,
stage enthusiastic demonstration before government palace in Buenos Aires. Banners and
placards bear Peron's picture. Peron, who recently seized control of the government, has
promised to "work for the people."

IN FAVOR OF PEKON—Supporters of Colonel Juan Peron, former Argentine Vice President,
stage enthusiastic demonstration before government palace in Buenos Aires. Banners and
placards bear Peron's picture. Peron, who recently seized control of the government, has
promised to "work for the people."

IN FAVOR OF PEKON—Supporters of Colonel Juan Peron, former Argentine Vice President,
stage enthusiastic demonstration before government palace in Buenos Aires. Banners and
placards bear Peron's picture. Peron, who recently seized control of the government, has
promised to "work for the people."

IN FAVOR OF PEKON—Supporters of Colonel Juan Peron, former Argentine Vice President,
stage enthusiastic demonstration before government palace in Buenos Aires. Banners and
placards bear Peron's picture. Peron, who recently seized control of the government, has
promised to "work for the people."

IN FAVOR OF PEKON—Supporters of Colonel Juan Peron, former Argentine Vice President,
stage enthusiastic demonstration before government palace in Buenos Aires. Banners and
placards bear Peron's picture. Peron, who recently seized control of the government, has
promised to "work for the people."
