# For the record
## 
### 
The article in yesterday's
Daily "Veterans remember V-E
Day" mistakenly said Sociology
Prof. Joseph Berger's parents
were killed at Auschwitz. They
were not.
The article in yesterday's
Daily "Veterans remember V-E
Day" mistakenly said Sociology
Prof. Joseph Berger's parents
were killed at Auschwitz. They
were not.
The article in yesterday's
Daily "Veterans remember V-E
Day" mistakenly said Sociology
Prof. Joseph Berger's parents
were killed at Auschwitz. They
were not.
The article in yesterday's
Daily "Veterans remember V-E
Day" mistakenly said Sociology
Prof. Joseph Berger's parents
were killed at Auschwitz. They
were not.
The article in yesterday's
Daily "Veterans remember V-E
Day" mistakenly said Sociology
Prof. Joseph Berger's parents
were killed at Auschwitz. They
were not.
