# Untitled Article
## 
### 
There is here a very marked tend
eucy toward gossip of varying de
grees of malice, which forms a dark
blot on our escutcheon. The tempta
tion to indulge in personal conver
sation among a heterogeneous col
lection of young men and women is
almost irresistible. Gossip is the
greatest tempter in a settlement iso
lated from the bustle of city life.
We cannot help seeing our neighbors'
life like a panorama or drama before
us. When we stop to consider how
much trouble and even misery is
caused by thoughtless gossip, and
try to real ze the vast proportions to
which our small juke at our friend's
expense often grows, we resolve to
curb our humorous propensities in
thw future.
Thoughtlessness covers a multi
tude of sins, but have we any right
carelessly to cause innocent persons
to suller' It. would be well if we
had the strength and desire to form
an anti-gossip or friendly club, hav
ing a membership of one, at least,
for the purpose of bjiug charitable
as well as just.
