# Adv. 19 Page 4
## 
### 
Tuesday, Wednesday, Dec. 8-9
Alice Joyce and Percy Marmont
in
"DADDY'S GONE
A-HUNTING"
A story of artist life in Paris
and Greenwich Village. Adapted
from the famous play by Zoe
Akins.
"WHY HURRY"
A Christie Comedy
SCREEN SNAP SHOTS
Tuesday, Wednesday, Dec. 8-9
Alice Joyce and Percy Marmont
in
"DADDY'S GONE
A-HUNTING"
A story of artist life in Paris
and Greenwich Village. Adapted
from the famous play by Zoe
Akins.
"WHY HURRY"
A Christie Comedy
SCREEN SNAP SHOTS
Tuesday, Wednesday, Dec. 8-9
Alice Joyce and Percy Marmont
in
"DADDY'S GONE
A-HUNTING"
A story of artist life in Paris
and Greenwich Village. Adapted
from the famous play by Zoe
Akins.
"WHY HURRY"
A Christie Comedy
SCREEN SNAP SHOTS
Tuesday, Wednesday, Dec. 8-9
Alice Joyce and Percy Marmont
in
"DADDY'S GONE
A-HUNTING"
A story of artist life in Paris
and Greenwich Village. Adapted
from the famous play by Zoe
Akins.
"WHY HURRY"
A Christie Comedy
SCREEN SNAP SHOTS
Tuesday, Wednesday, Dec. 8-9
Alice Joyce and Percy Marmont
in
"DADDY'S GONE
A-HUNTING"
A story of artist life in Paris
and Greenwich Village. Adapted
from the famous play by Zoe
Akins.
"WHY HURRY"
A Christie Comedy
SCREEN SNAP SHOTS
Tuesday, Wednesday, Dec. 8-9
Alice Joyce and Percy Marmont
in
"DADDY'S GONE
A-HUNTING"
A story of artist life in Paris
and Greenwich Village. Adapted
from the famous play by Zoe
Akins.
"WHY HURRY"
A Christie Comedy
SCREEN SNAP SHOTS
Tuesday, Wednesday, Dec. 8-9
Alice Joyce and Percy Marmont
in
"DADDY'S GONE
A-HUNTING"
A story of artist life in Paris
and Greenwich Village. Adapted
from the famous play by Zoe
Akins.
"WHY HURRY"
A Christie Comedy
SCREEN SNAP SHOTS
Tuesday, Wednesday, Dec. 8-9
Alice Joyce and Percy Marmont
in
"DADDY'S GONE
A-HUNTING"
A story of artist life in Paris
and Greenwich Village. Adapted
from the famous play by Zoe
Akins.
"WHY HURRY"
A Christie Comedy
SCREEN SNAP SHOTS
Tuesday, Wednesday, Dec. 8-9
Alice Joyce and Percy Marmont
in
"DADDY'S GONE
A-HUNTING"
A story of artist life in Paris
and Greenwich Village. Adapted
from the famous play by Zoe
Akins.
"WHY HURRY"
A Christie Comedy
SCREEN SNAP SHOTS
Tuesday, Wednesday, Dec. 8-9
Alice Joyce and Percy Marmont
in
"DADDY'S GONE
A-HUNTING"
A story of artist life in Paris
and Greenwich Village. Adapted
from the famous play by Zoe
Akins.
"WHY HURRY"
A Christie Comedy
SCREEN SNAP SHOTS
Tuesday, Wednesday, Dec. 8-9
Alice Joyce and Percy Marmont
in
"DADDY'S GONE
A-HUNTING"
A story of artist life in Paris
and Greenwich Village. Adapted
from the famous play by Zoe
Akins.
"WHY HURRY"
A Christie Comedy
SCREEN SNAP SHOTS
Tuesday, Wednesday, Dec. 8-9
Alice Joyce and Percy Marmont
in
"DADDY'S GONE
A-HUNTING"
A story of artist life in Paris
and Greenwich Village. Adapted
from the famous play by Zoe
Akins.
"WHY HURRY"
A Christie Comedy
SCREEN SNAP SHOTS
Tuesday, Wednesday, Dec. 8-9
Alice Joyce and Percy Marmont
in
"DADDY'S GONE
A-HUNTING"
A story of artist life in Paris
and Greenwich Village. Adapted
from the famous play by Zoe
Akins.
"WHY HURRY"
A Christie Comedy
SCREEN SNAP SHOTS
Tuesday, Wednesday, Dec. 8-9
Alice Joyce and Percy Marmont
in
"DADDY'S GONE
A-HUNTING"
A story of artist life in Paris
and Greenwich Village. Adapted
from the famous play by Zoe
Akins.
"WHY HURRY"
A Christie Comedy
SCREEN SNAP SHOTS
Tuesday, Wednesday, Dec. 8-9
Alice Joyce and Percy Marmont
in
"DADDY'S GONE
A-HUNTING"
A story of artist life in Paris
and Greenwich Village. Adapted
from the famous play by Zoe
Akins.
"WHY HURRY"
A Christie Comedy
SCREEN SNAP SHOTS
