# THEATRE MAGAZINE PLANS TO CONDUCT DRAMATIC CONTEST
## 
### 
Theatre Magazine is sponsoring a
contest in which prizes amounting to
$125 will be given the college students
who best express their preferences for
their favorite actor or actress or play
seen during 1925.
The contest is for the purpose of af
fording college students an opportun
ity to express themselves on dramatic
subjects of vital interest to everyone
in the country and to bring the Thea
tre Magazine in closer contact with
the thinking men and women of the
universities who have interesting
things to say on the drama and the
acting profession.
The judges of this contest which
closes February 1 will be Lawton
Mackall, editor and writer; Gilbert
Seldos, critic; and Arthur TTornblow,
Editor of the Theatre Magazine. Full
details of the contest will be an
nounced in the January issue of the
Theatre Magazine.
Theatre Magazine is sponsoring a
contest in which prizes amounting to
$125 will be given the college students
who best express their preferences for
their favorite actor or actress or play
seen during 1925.
The contest is for the purpose of af
fording college students an opportun
ity to express themselves on dramatic
subjects of vital interest to everyone
in the country and to bring the Thea
tre Magazine in closer contact with
the thinking men and women of the
universities who have interesting
things to say on the drama and the
acting profession.
The judges of this contest which
closes February 1 will be Lawton
Mackall, editor and writer; Gilbert
Seldos, critic; and Arthur TTornblow,
Editor of the Theatre Magazine. Full
details of the contest will be an
nounced in the January issue of the
Theatre Magazine.
Theatre Magazine is sponsoring a
contest in which prizes amounting to
$125 will be given the college students
who best express their preferences for
their favorite actor or actress or play
seen during 1925.
The contest is for the purpose of af
fording college students an opportun
ity to express themselves on dramatic
subjects of vital interest to everyone
in the country and to bring the Thea
tre Magazine in closer contact with
the thinking men and women of the
universities who have interesting
things to say on the drama and the
acting profession.
The judges of this contest which
closes February 1 will be Lawton
Mackall, editor and writer; Gilbert
Seldos, critic; and Arthur TTornblow,
Editor of the Theatre Magazine. Full
details of the contest will be an
nounced in the January issue of the
Theatre Magazine.
Theatre Magazine is sponsoring a
contest in which prizes amounting to
$125 will be given the college students
who best express their preferences for
their favorite actor or actress or play
seen during 1925.
The contest is for the purpose of af
fording college students an opportun
ity to express themselves on dramatic
subjects of vital interest to everyone
in the country and to bring the Thea
tre Magazine in closer contact with
the thinking men and women of the
universities who have interesting
things to say on the drama and the
acting profession.
The judges of this contest which
closes February 1 will be Lawton
Mackall, editor and writer; Gilbert
Seldos, critic; and Arthur TTornblow,
Editor of the Theatre Magazine. Full
details of the contest will be an
nounced in the January issue of the
Theatre Magazine.
Theatre Magazine is sponsoring a
contest in which prizes amounting to
$125 will be given the college students
who best express their preferences for
their favorite actor or actress or play
seen during 1925.
The contest is for the purpose of af
fording college students an opportun
ity to express themselves on dramatic
subjects of vital interest to everyone
in the country and to bring the Thea
tre Magazine in closer contact with
the thinking men and women of the
universities who have interesting
things to say on the drama and the
acting profession.
The judges of this contest which
closes February 1 will be Lawton
Mackall, editor and writer; Gilbert
Seldos, critic; and Arthur TTornblow,
Editor of the Theatre Magazine. Full
details of the contest will be an
nounced in the January issue of the
Theatre Magazine.
Theatre Magazine is sponsoring a
contest in which prizes amounting to
$125 will be given the college students
who best express their preferences for
their favorite actor or actress or play
seen during 1925.
The contest is for the purpose of af
fording college students an opportun
ity to express themselves on dramatic
subjects of vital interest to everyone
in the country and to bring the Thea
tre Magazine in closer contact with
the thinking men and women of the
universities who have interesting
things to say on the drama and the
acting profession.
The judges of this contest which
closes February 1 will be Lawton
Mackall, editor and writer; Gilbert
Seldos, critic; and Arthur TTornblow,
Editor of the Theatre Magazine. Full
details of the contest will be an
nounced in the January issue of the
Theatre Magazine.
Theatre Magazine is sponsoring a
contest in which prizes amounting to
$125 will be given the college students
who best express their preferences for
their favorite actor or actress or play
seen during 1925.
The contest is for the purpose of af
fording college students an opportun
ity to express themselves on dramatic
subjects of vital interest to everyone
in the country and to bring the Thea
tre Magazine in closer contact with
the thinking men and women of the
universities who have interesting
things to say on the drama and the
acting profession.
The judges of this contest which
closes February 1 will be Lawton
Mackall, editor and writer; Gilbert
Seldos, critic; and Arthur TTornblow,
Editor of the Theatre Magazine. Full
details of the contest will be an
nounced in the January issue of the
Theatre Magazine.
Theatre Magazine is sponsoring a
contest in which prizes amounting to
$125 will be given the college students
who best express their preferences for
their favorite actor or actress or play
seen during 1925.
The contest is for the purpose of af
fording college students an opportun
ity to express themselves on dramatic
subjects of vital interest to everyone
in the country and to bring the Thea
tre Magazine in closer contact with
the thinking men and women of the
universities who have interesting
things to say on the drama and the
acting profession.
The judges of this contest which
closes February 1 will be Lawton
Mackall, editor and writer; Gilbert
Seldos, critic; and Arthur TTornblow,
Editor of the Theatre Magazine. Full
details of the contest will be an
nounced in the January issue of the
Theatre Magazine.
Theatre Magazine is sponsoring a
contest in which prizes amounting to
$125 will be given the college students
who best express their preferences for
their favorite actor or actress or play
seen during 1925.
The contest is for the purpose of af
fording college students an opportun
ity to express themselves on dramatic
subjects of vital interest to everyone
in the country and to bring the Thea
tre Magazine in closer contact with
the thinking men and women of the
universities who have interesting
things to say on the drama and the
acting profession.
The judges of this contest which
closes February 1 will be Lawton
Mackall, editor and writer; Gilbert
Seldos, critic; and Arthur TTornblow,
Editor of the Theatre Magazine. Full
details of the contest will be an
nounced in the January issue of the
Theatre Magazine.
Theatre Magazine is sponsoring a
contest in which prizes amounting to
$125 will be given the college students
who best express their preferences for
their favorite actor or actress or play
seen during 1925.
The contest is for the purpose of af
fording college students an opportun
ity to express themselves on dramatic
subjects of vital interest to everyone
in the country and to bring the Thea
tre Magazine in closer contact with
the thinking men and women of the
universities who have interesting
things to say on the drama and the
acting profession.
The judges of this contest which
closes February 1 will be Lawton
Mackall, editor and writer; Gilbert
Seldos, critic; and Arthur TTornblow,
Editor of the Theatre Magazine. Full
details of the contest will be an
nounced in the January issue of the
Theatre Magazine.
Theatre Magazine is sponsoring a
contest in which prizes amounting to
$125 will be given the college students
who best express their preferences for
their favorite actor or actress or play
seen during 1925.
The contest is for the purpose of af
fording college students an opportun
ity to express themselves on dramatic
subjects of vital interest to everyone
in the country and to bring the Thea
tre Magazine in closer contact with
the thinking men and women of the
universities who have interesting
things to say on the drama and the
acting profession.
The judges of this contest which
closes February 1 will be Lawton
Mackall, editor and writer; Gilbert
Seldos, critic; and Arthur TTornblow,
Editor of the Theatre Magazine. Full
details of the contest will be an
nounced in the January issue of the
Theatre Magazine.
Theatre Magazine is sponsoring a
contest in which prizes amounting to
$125 will be given the college students
who best express their preferences for
their favorite actor or actress or play
seen during 1925.
The contest is for the purpose of af
fording college students an opportun
ity to express themselves on dramatic
subjects of vital interest to everyone
in the country and to bring the Thea
tre Magazine in closer contact with
the thinking men and women of the
universities who have interesting
things to say on the drama and the
acting profession.
The judges of this contest which
closes February 1 will be Lawton
Mackall, editor and writer; Gilbert
Seldos, critic; and Arthur TTornblow,
Editor of the Theatre Magazine. Full
details of the contest will be an
nounced in the January issue of the
Theatre Magazine.
Theatre Magazine is sponsoring a
contest in which prizes amounting to
$125 will be given the college students
who best express their preferences for
their favorite actor or actress or play
seen during 1925.
The contest is for the purpose of af
fording college students an opportun
ity to express themselves on dramatic
subjects of vital interest to everyone
in the country and to bring the Thea
tre Magazine in closer contact with
the thinking men and women of the
universities who have interesting
things to say on the drama and the
acting profession.
The judges of this contest which
closes February 1 will be Lawton
Mackall, editor and writer; Gilbert
Seldos, critic; and Arthur TTornblow,
Editor of the Theatre Magazine. Full
details of the contest will be an
nounced in the January issue of the
Theatre Magazine.
Theatre Magazine is sponsoring a
contest in which prizes amounting to
$125 will be given the college students
who best express their preferences for
their favorite actor or actress or play
seen during 1925.
The contest is for the purpose of af
fording college students an opportun
ity to express themselves on dramatic
subjects of vital interest to everyone
in the country and to bring the Thea
tre Magazine in closer contact with
the thinking men and women of the
universities who have interesting
things to say on the drama and the
acting profession.
The judges of this contest which
closes February 1 will be Lawton
Mackall, editor and writer; Gilbert
Seldos, critic; and Arthur TTornblow,
Editor of the Theatre Magazine. Full
details of the contest will be an
nounced in the January issue of the
Theatre Magazine.
Theatre Magazine is sponsoring a
contest in which prizes amounting to
$125 will be given the college students
who best express their preferences for
their favorite actor or actress or play
seen during 1925.
The contest is for the purpose of af
fording college students an opportun
ity to express themselves on dramatic
subjects of vital interest to everyone
in the country and to bring the Thea
tre Magazine in closer contact with
the thinking men and women of the
universities who have interesting
things to say on the drama and the
acting profession.
The judges of this contest which
closes February 1 will be Lawton
Mackall, editor and writer; Gilbert
Seldos, critic; and Arthur TTornblow,
Editor of the Theatre Magazine. Full
details of the contest will be an
nounced in the January issue of the
Theatre Magazine.
