# Adv. 43 Page 9
## 
### 
The Stanford Daily
Assuming Jane probabiy would have
found all these dead horse jokes funny
too since 1892.
(Gray Box itself does not find such
sophomoric antics amusing. Animals.)
The Stanford Daily
Assuming Jane probabiy would have
found all these dead horse jokes funny
too since 1892.
(Gray Box itself does not find such
sophomoric antics amusing. Animals.)
The Stanford Daily
Assuming Jane probabiy would have
found all these dead horse jokes funny
too since 1892.
(Gray Box itself does not find such
sophomoric antics amusing. Animals.)
The Stanford Daily
Assuming Jane probabiy would have
found all these dead horse jokes funny
too since 1892.
(Gray Box itself does not find such
sophomoric antics amusing. Animals.)
The Stanford Daily
Assuming Jane probabiy would have
found all these dead horse jokes funny
too since 1892.
(Gray Box itself does not find such
sophomoric antics amusing. Animals.)
The Stanford Daily
Assuming Jane probabiy would have
found all these dead horse jokes funny
too since 1892.
(Gray Box itself does not find such
sophomoric antics amusing. Animals.)
The Stanford Daily
Assuming Jane probabiy would have
found all these dead horse jokes funny
too since 1892.
(Gray Box itself does not find such
sophomoric antics amusing. Animals.)
The Stanford Daily
Assuming Jane probabiy would have
found all these dead horse jokes funny
too since 1892.
(Gray Box itself does not find such
sophomoric antics amusing. Animals.)
