# Briefly
## 
### 
Not angry
There will be a B-B-Q cookout (or
cook-in. depending on the weather)
today at 4:30 p.m. for all staffers.
Come rain or shine, meet at The
Daily for our trek onwards to food
and fun. New and prospective staf
fers are strongly encouraged to at
tend. Anyone with an available auto,
please bring it.
Not angry
There will be a B-B-Q cookout (or
cook-in. depending on the weather)
today at 4:30 p.m. for all staffers.
Come rain or shine, meet at The
Daily for our trek onwards to food
and fun. New and prospective staf
fers are strongly encouraged to at
tend. Anyone with an available auto,
please bring it.
Not angry
There will be a B-B-Q cookout (or
cook-in. depending on the weather)
today at 4:30 p.m. for all staffers.
Come rain or shine, meet at The
Daily for our trek onwards to food
and fun. New and prospective staf
fers are strongly encouraged to at
tend. Anyone with an available auto,
please bring it.
Not angry
There will be a B-B-Q cookout (or
cook-in. depending on the weather)
today at 4:30 p.m. for all staffers.
Come rain or shine, meet at The
Daily for our trek onwards to food
and fun. New and prospective staf
fers are strongly encouraged to at
tend. Anyone with an available auto,
please bring it.
Not angry
There will be a B-B-Q cookout (or
cook-in. depending on the weather)
today at 4:30 p.m. for all staffers.
Come rain or shine, meet at The
Daily for our trek onwards to food
and fun. New and prospective staf
fers are strongly encouraged to at
tend. Anyone with an available auto,
please bring it.
Not angry
There will be a B-B-Q cookout (or
cook-in. depending on the weather)
today at 4:30 p.m. for all staffers.
Come rain or shine, meet at The
Daily for our trek onwards to food
and fun. New and prospective staf
fers are strongly encouraged to at
tend. Anyone with an available auto,
please bring it.
Not angry
There will be a B-B-Q cookout (or
cook-in. depending on the weather)
today at 4:30 p.m. for all staffers.
Come rain or shine, meet at The
Daily for our trek onwards to food
and fun. New and prospective staf
fers are strongly encouraged to at
tend. Anyone with an available auto,
please bring it.
