# Adv. 28 Page 4
## 
### 
STUDENT ART ASSOCIA
TION: Meeting, 5, Art Depart
ment. New or interested students
STUDENT ART ASSOCIA
TION: Meeting, 5, Art Depart
ment. New or interested students
STUDENT ART ASSOCIA
TION: Meeting, 5, Art Depart
ment. New or interested students
STUDENT ART ASSOCIA
TION: Meeting, 5, Art Depart
ment. New or interested students
STUDENT ART ASSOCIA
TION: Meeting, 5, Art Depart
ment. New or interested students
STUDENT ART ASSOCIA
TION: Meeting, 5, Art Depart
ment. New or interested students
STUDENT ART ASSOCIA
TION: Meeting, 5, Art Depart
ment. New or interested students
STUDENT ART ASSOCIA
TION: Meeting, 5, Art Depart
ment. New or interested students
STUDENT ART ASSOCIA
TION: Meeting, 5, Art Depart
ment. New or interested students
STUDENT ART ASSOCIA
TION: Meeting, 5, Art Depart
ment. New or interested students
STUDENT ART ASSOCIA
TION: Meeting, 5, Art Depart
ment. New or interested students
STUDENT ART ASSOCIA
TION: Meeting, 5, Art Depart
ment. New or interested students
STUDENT ART ASSOCIA
TION: Meeting, 5, Art Depart
ment. New or interested students
STUDENT ART ASSOCIA
TION: Meeting, 5, Art Depart
ment. New or interested students
STUDENT ART ASSOCIA
TION: Meeting, 5, Art Depart
ment. New or interested students
STUDENT ART ASSOCIA
TION: Meeting, 5, Art Depart
ment. New or interested students
STUDENT ART ASSOCIA
TION: Meeting, 5, Art Depart
ment. New or interested students
