# Adv. 29 Page 4
## 
### 
welcome.
VARSITY CREW; Meeting to
morrow, 7, Engineering Corner.
welcome.
VARSITY CREW; Meeting to
morrow, 7, Engineering Corner.
welcome.
VARSITY CREW; Meeting to
morrow, 7, Engineering Corner.
welcome.
VARSITY CREW; Meeting to
morrow, 7, Engineering Corner.
welcome.
VARSITY CREW; Meeting to
morrow, 7, Engineering Corner.
welcome.
VARSITY CREW; Meeting to
morrow, 7, Engineering Corner.
welcome.
VARSITY CREW; Meeting to
morrow, 7, Engineering Corner.
welcome.
VARSITY CREW; Meeting to
morrow, 7, Engineering Corner.
welcome.
VARSITY CREW; Meeting to
morrow, 7, Engineering Corner.
welcome.
VARSITY CREW; Meeting to
morrow, 7, Engineering Corner.
welcome.
VARSITY CREW; Meeting to
morrow, 7, Engineering Corner.
welcome.
VARSITY CREW; Meeting to
morrow, 7, Engineering Corner.
welcome.
VARSITY CREW; Meeting to
morrow, 7, Engineering Corner.
welcome.
VARSITY CREW; Meeting to
morrow, 7, Engineering Corner.
welcome.
VARSITY CREW; Meeting to
morrow, 7, Engineering Corner.
welcome.
VARSITY CREW; Meeting to
morrow, 7, Engineering Corner.
welcome.
VARSITY CREW; Meeting to
morrow, 7, Engineering Corner.
