# Pre-Play Talk By Weinstein
## 
### 
Professor Leo Weinstein of
the French Department will
give an introductory lecture
to the production ‘‘Master of
Santiago” this afternoon at
4:15 in the Little Theatre.
The lecture is free and open
to the public.
Professor Leo Weinstein of
the French Department will
give an introductory lecture
to the production ‘‘Master of
Santiago” this afternoon at
4:15 in the Little Theatre.
The lecture is free and open
to the public.
Professor Leo Weinstein of
the French Department will
give an introductory lecture
to the production ‘‘Master of
Santiago” this afternoon at
4:15 in the Little Theatre.
The lecture is free and open
to the public.
Professor Leo Weinstein of
the French Department will
give an introductory lecture
to the production ‘‘Master of
Santiago” this afternoon at
4:15 in the Little Theatre.
The lecture is free and open
to the public.
Professor Leo Weinstein of
the French Department will
give an introductory lecture
to the production ‘‘Master of
Santiago” this afternoon at
4:15 in the Little Theatre.
The lecture is free and open
to the public.
Professor Leo Weinstein of
the French Department will
give an introductory lecture
to the production ‘‘Master of
Santiago” this afternoon at
4:15 in the Little Theatre.
The lecture is free and open
to the public.
Professor Leo Weinstein of
the French Department will
give an introductory lecture
to the production ‘‘Master of
Santiago” this afternoon at
4:15 in the Little Theatre.
The lecture is free and open
to the public.
Professor Leo Weinstein of
the French Department will
give an introductory lecture
to the production ‘‘Master of
Santiago” this afternoon at
4:15 in the Little Theatre.
The lecture is free and open
to the public.
Professor Leo Weinstein of
the French Department will
give an introductory lecture
to the production ‘‘Master of
Santiago” this afternoon at
4:15 in the Little Theatre.
The lecture is free and open
to the public.
Professor Leo Weinstein of
the French Department will
give an introductory lecture
to the production ‘‘Master of
Santiago” this afternoon at
4:15 in the Little Theatre.
The lecture is free and open
to the public.
Professor Leo Weinstein of
the French Department will
give an introductory lecture
to the production ‘‘Master of
Santiago” this afternoon at
4:15 in the Little Theatre.
The lecture is free and open
to the public.
Professor Leo Weinstein of
the French Department will
give an introductory lecture
to the production ‘‘Master of
Santiago” this afternoon at
4:15 in the Little Theatre.
The lecture is free and open
to the public.
Professor Leo Weinstein of
the French Department will
give an introductory lecture
to the production ‘‘Master of
Santiago” this afternoon at
4:15 in the Little Theatre.
The lecture is free and open
to the public.
Professor Leo Weinstein of
the French Department will
give an introductory lecture
to the production ‘‘Master of
Santiago” this afternoon at
4:15 in the Little Theatre.
The lecture is free and open
to the public.
Professor Leo Weinstein of
the French Department will
give an introductory lecture
to the production ‘‘Master of
Santiago” this afternoon at
4:15 in the Little Theatre.
The lecture is free and open
to the public.
Professor Leo Weinstein of
the French Department will
give an introductory lecture
to the production ‘‘Master of
Santiago” this afternoon at
4:15 in the Little Theatre.
The lecture is free and open
to the public.
Professor Leo Weinstein of
the French Department will
give an introductory lecture
to the production ‘‘Master of
Santiago” this afternoon at
4:15 in the Little Theatre.
The lecture is free and open
to the public.
