# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Smith Collego girls have adopted
bicycles to go to and from distant
dormitories.
Smith Collego girls have adopted
bicycles to go to and from distant
dormitories.
Smith Collego girls have adopted
bicycles to go to and from distant
dormitories.
Smith Collego girls have adopted
bicycles to go to and from distant
dormitories.
Smith Collego girls have adopted
bicycles to go to and from distant
dormitories.
Smith Collego girls have adopted
bicycles to go to and from distant
dormitories.
Smith Collego girls have adopted
bicycles to go to and from distant
dormitories.
Smith Collego girls have adopted
bicycles to go to and from distant
dormitories.
Smith Collego girls have adopted
bicycles to go to and from distant
dormitories.
Smith Collego girls have adopted
bicycles to go to and from distant
dormitories.
Smith Collego girls have adopted
bicycles to go to and from distant
dormitories.
Smith Collego girls have adopted
bicycles to go to and from distant
dormitories.
Smith Collego girls have adopted
bicycles to go to and from distant
dormitories.
Smith Collego girls have adopted
bicycles to go to and from distant
dormitories.
Smith Collego girls have adopted
bicycles to go to and from distant
dormitories.
