# RYAN TO GIVE HIGH-VOLTAGE SPARK EXHIBIT
## Co-operation of Electrical Companies Makes Work Possible Here EXPERT REPEATS FEAT Unparalleled Demonstration For Campus Residents Offered Tomorrow 
### 
The unparalleled demonstration of
a 2,000,000-volt "spark" jumping a
twenty-foot gap, which Professor Har
ris J. Ryan gave before a select group
of scientists, scholars, and men in the
electrical industry at the formal open
ing of his new high-voltage laboratory
tTiis summer, will be repeated tomor
row for the benefit of campus people.
All faculty members, students, and
campus residents generally who are
interested in the work of the new
laboratory are invited to attend these
demonstrations which will begin at
9:20 o'clock in the morning and be
repeated every hour thereafter, in
cluding 12:20, the last one being at
4:20.
More Exhibitions Soon
This will allow students twenty min
utes to reach the laboratory after be
ing dismissed from classes. A second
demonstration will be given some time
In the near future for neighboring off
campus people.
Professor Ryan is arranging the pub
lic demonstrations at this time be
cause the high-voltage apparatus is
soon to be connected up in a different
manner for a new series of experi
ments and when that is done it will
flash of electricity discharging be
no longer be possible to show the huge
tween electrodes set twenty feet apart,
a sight that can be witnessed nowhere
else in the world.
This feat, which has never before
been accomplished, has been made
possible by the co-operation with the
University of various large electrical
companies which have recognized the
value of Professor Ryan's research and
have furnished money and equipment,
including six huge transformers, the
largest in voltage capacity that have
ever been built, and which make this
experiment possible for the new lab
oratory.
The purpose of the work carried on
there is to find out practical methods
of transmitting electric power at high
voltages over long distances with a
minimum of loss.
The unparalleled demonstration of
a 2,000,000-volt "spark" jumping a
twenty-foot gap, which Professor Har
ris J. Ryan gave before a select group
of scientists, scholars, and men in the
electrical industry at the formal open
ing of his new high-voltage laboratory
tTiis summer, will be repeated tomor
row for the benefit of campus people.
All faculty members, students, and
campus residents generally who are
interested in the work of the new
laboratory are invited to attend these
demonstrations which will begin at
9:20 o'clock in the morning and be
repeated every hour thereafter, in
cluding 12:20, the last one being at
4:20.
More Exhibitions Soon
This will allow students twenty min
utes to reach the laboratory after be
ing dismissed from classes. A second
demonstration will be given some time
In the near future for neighboring off
campus people.
Professor Ryan is arranging the pub
lic demonstrations at this time be
cause the high-voltage apparatus is
soon to be connected up in a different
manner for a new series of experi
ments and when that is done it will
flash of electricity discharging be
no longer be possible to show the huge
tween electrodes set twenty feet apart,
a sight that can be witnessed nowhere
else in the world.
This feat, which has never before
been accomplished, has been made
possible by the co-operation with the
University of various large electrical
companies which have recognized the
value of Professor Ryan's research and
have furnished money and equipment,
including six huge transformers, the
largest in voltage capacity that have
ever been built, and which make this
experiment possible for the new lab
oratory.
The purpose of the work carried on
there is to find out practical methods
of transmitting electric power at high
voltages over long distances with a
minimum of loss.
The unparalleled demonstration of
a 2,000,000-volt "spark" jumping a
twenty-foot gap, which Professor Har
ris J. Ryan gave before a select group
of scientists, scholars, and men in the
electrical industry at the formal open
ing of his new high-voltage laboratory
tTiis summer, will be repeated tomor
row for the benefit of campus people.
All faculty members, students, and
campus residents generally who are
interested in the work of the new
laboratory are invited to attend these
demonstrations which will begin at
9:20 o'clock in the morning and be
repeated every hour thereafter, in
cluding 12:20, the last one being at
4:20.
More Exhibitions Soon
This will allow students twenty min
utes to reach the laboratory after be
ing dismissed from classes. A second
demonstration will be given some time
In the near future for neighboring off
campus people.
Professor Ryan is arranging the pub
lic demonstrations at this time be
cause the high-voltage apparatus is
soon to be connected up in a different
manner for a new series of experi
ments and when that is done it will
flash of electricity discharging be
no longer be possible to show the huge
tween electrodes set twenty feet apart,
a sight that can be witnessed nowhere
else in the world.
This feat, which has never before
been accomplished, has been made
possible by the co-operation with the
University of various large electrical
companies which have recognized the
value of Professor Ryan's research and
have furnished money and equipment,
including six huge transformers, the
largest in voltage capacity that have
ever been built, and which make this
experiment possible for the new lab
oratory.
The purpose of the work carried on
there is to find out practical methods
of transmitting electric power at high
voltages over long distances with a
minimum of loss.
The unparalleled demonstration of
a 2,000,000-volt "spark" jumping a
twenty-foot gap, which Professor Har
ris J. Ryan gave before a select group
of scientists, scholars, and men in the
electrical industry at the formal open
ing of his new high-voltage laboratory
tTiis summer, will be repeated tomor
row for the benefit of campus people.
All faculty members, students, and
campus residents generally who are
interested in the work of the new
laboratory are invited to attend these
demonstrations which will begin at
9:20 o'clock in the morning and be
repeated every hour thereafter, in
cluding 12:20, the last one being at
4:20.
More Exhibitions Soon
This will allow students twenty min
utes to reach the laboratory after be
ing dismissed from classes. A second
demonstration will be given some time
In the near future for neighboring off
campus people.
Professor Ryan is arranging the pub
lic demonstrations at this time be
cause the high-voltage apparatus is
soon to be connected up in a different
manner for a new series of experi
ments and when that is done it will
flash of electricity discharging be
no longer be possible to show the huge
tween electrodes set twenty feet apart,
a sight that can be witnessed nowhere
else in the world.
This feat, which has never before
been accomplished, has been made
possible by the co-operation with the
University of various large electrical
companies which have recognized the
value of Professor Ryan's research and
have furnished money and equipment,
including six huge transformers, the
largest in voltage capacity that have
ever been built, and which make this
experiment possible for the new lab
oratory.
The purpose of the work carried on
there is to find out practical methods
of transmitting electric power at high
voltages over long distances with a
minimum of loss.
The unparalleled demonstration of
a 2,000,000-volt "spark" jumping a
twenty-foot gap, which Professor Har
ris J. Ryan gave before a select group
of scientists, scholars, and men in the
electrical industry at the formal open
ing of his new high-voltage laboratory
tTiis summer, will be repeated tomor
row for the benefit of campus people.
All faculty members, students, and
campus residents generally who are
interested in the work of the new
laboratory are invited to attend these
demonstrations which will begin at
9:20 o'clock in the morning and be
repeated every hour thereafter, in
cluding 12:20, the last one being at
4:20.
More Exhibitions Soon
This will allow students twenty min
utes to reach the laboratory after be
ing dismissed from classes. A second
demonstration will be given some time
In the near future for neighboring off
campus people.
Professor Ryan is arranging the pub
lic demonstrations at this time be
cause the high-voltage apparatus is
soon to be connected up in a different
manner for a new series of experi
ments and when that is done it will
flash of electricity discharging be
no longer be possible to show the huge
tween electrodes set twenty feet apart,
a sight that can be witnessed nowhere
else in the world.
This feat, which has never before
been accomplished, has been made
possible by the co-operation with the
University of various large electrical
companies which have recognized the
value of Professor Ryan's research and
have furnished money and equipment,
including six huge transformers, the
largest in voltage capacity that have
ever been built, and which make this
experiment possible for the new lab
oratory.
The purpose of the work carried on
there is to find out practical methods
of transmitting electric power at high
voltages over long distances with a
minimum of loss.
The unparalleled demonstration of
a 2,000,000-volt "spark" jumping a
twenty-foot gap, which Professor Har
ris J. Ryan gave before a select group
of scientists, scholars, and men in the
electrical industry at the formal open
ing of his new high-voltage laboratory
tTiis summer, will be repeated tomor
row for the benefit of campus people.
All faculty members, students, and
campus residents generally who are
interested in the work of the new
laboratory are invited to attend these
demonstrations which will begin at
9:20 o'clock in the morning and be
repeated every hour thereafter, in
cluding 12:20, the last one being at
4:20.
More Exhibitions Soon
This will allow students twenty min
utes to reach the laboratory after be
ing dismissed from classes. A second
demonstration will be given some time
In the near future for neighboring off
campus people.
Professor Ryan is arranging the pub
lic demonstrations at this time be
cause the high-voltage apparatus is
soon to be connected up in a different
manner for a new series of experi
ments and when that is done it will
flash of electricity discharging be
no longer be possible to show the huge
tween electrodes set twenty feet apart,
a sight that can be witnessed nowhere
else in the world.
This feat, which has never before
been accomplished, has been made
possible by the co-operation with the
University of various large electrical
companies which have recognized the
value of Professor Ryan's research and
have furnished money and equipment,
including six huge transformers, the
largest in voltage capacity that have
ever been built, and which make this
experiment possible for the new lab
oratory.
The purpose of the work carried on
there is to find out practical methods
of transmitting electric power at high
voltages over long distances with a
minimum of loss.
The unparalleled demonstration of
a 2,000,000-volt "spark" jumping a
twenty-foot gap, which Professor Har
ris J. Ryan gave before a select group
of scientists, scholars, and men in the
electrical industry at the formal open
ing of his new high-voltage laboratory
tTiis summer, will be repeated tomor
row for the benefit of campus people.
All faculty members, students, and
campus residents generally who are
interested in the work of the new
laboratory are invited to attend these
demonstrations which will begin at
9:20 o'clock in the morning and be
repeated every hour thereafter, in
cluding 12:20, the last one being at
4:20.
More Exhibitions Soon
This will allow students twenty min
utes to reach the laboratory after be
ing dismissed from classes. A second
demonstration will be given some time
In the near future for neighboring off
campus people.
Professor Ryan is arranging the pub
lic demonstrations at this time be
cause the high-voltage apparatus is
soon to be connected up in a different
manner for a new series of experi
ments and when that is done it will
flash of electricity discharging be
no longer be possible to show the huge
tween electrodes set twenty feet apart,
a sight that can be witnessed nowhere
else in the world.
This feat, which has never before
been accomplished, has been made
possible by the co-operation with the
University of various large electrical
companies which have recognized the
value of Professor Ryan's research and
have furnished money and equipment,
including six huge transformers, the
largest in voltage capacity that have
ever been built, and which make this
experiment possible for the new lab
oratory.
The purpose of the work carried on
there is to find out practical methods
of transmitting electric power at high
voltages over long distances with a
minimum of loss.
The unparalleled demonstration of
a 2,000,000-volt "spark" jumping a
twenty-foot gap, which Professor Har
ris J. Ryan gave before a select group
of scientists, scholars, and men in the
electrical industry at the formal open
ing of his new high-voltage laboratory
tTiis summer, will be repeated tomor
row for the benefit of campus people.
All faculty members, students, and
campus residents generally who are
interested in the work of the new
laboratory are invited to attend these
demonstrations which will begin at
9:20 o'clock in the morning and be
repeated every hour thereafter, in
cluding 12:20, the last one being at
4:20.
More Exhibitions Soon
This will allow students twenty min
utes to reach the laboratory after be
ing dismissed from classes. A second
demonstration will be given some time
In the near future for neighboring off
campus people.
Professor Ryan is arranging the pub
lic demonstrations at this time be
cause the high-voltage apparatus is
soon to be connected up in a different
manner for a new series of experi
ments and when that is done it will
flash of electricity discharging be
no longer be possible to show the huge
tween electrodes set twenty feet apart,
a sight that can be witnessed nowhere
else in the world.
This feat, which has never before
been accomplished, has been made
possible by the co-operation with the
University of various large electrical
companies which have recognized the
value of Professor Ryan's research and
have furnished money and equipment,
including six huge transformers, the
largest in voltage capacity that have
ever been built, and which make this
experiment possible for the new lab
oratory.
The purpose of the work carried on
there is to find out practical methods
of transmitting electric power at high
voltages over long distances with a
minimum of loss.
The unparalleled demonstration of
a 2,000,000-volt "spark" jumping a
twenty-foot gap, which Professor Har
ris J. Ryan gave before a select group
of scientists, scholars, and men in the
electrical industry at the formal open
ing of his new high-voltage laboratory
tTiis summer, will be repeated tomor
row for the benefit of campus people.
All faculty members, students, and
campus residents generally who are
interested in the work of the new
laboratory are invited to attend these
demonstrations which will begin at
9:20 o'clock in the morning and be
repeated every hour thereafter, in
cluding 12:20, the last one being at
4:20.
More Exhibitions Soon
This will allow students twenty min
utes to reach the laboratory after be
ing dismissed from classes. A second
demonstration will be given some time
In the near future for neighboring off
campus people.
Professor Ryan is arranging the pub
lic demonstrations at this time be
cause the high-voltage apparatus is
soon to be connected up in a different
manner for a new series of experi
ments and when that is done it will
flash of electricity discharging be
no longer be possible to show the huge
tween electrodes set twenty feet apart,
a sight that can be witnessed nowhere
else in the world.
This feat, which has never before
been accomplished, has been made
possible by the co-operation with the
University of various large electrical
companies which have recognized the
value of Professor Ryan's research and
have furnished money and equipment,
including six huge transformers, the
largest in voltage capacity that have
ever been built, and which make this
experiment possible for the new lab
oratory.
The purpose of the work carried on
there is to find out practical methods
of transmitting electric power at high
voltages over long distances with a
minimum of loss.
The unparalleled demonstration of
a 2,000,000-volt "spark" jumping a
twenty-foot gap, which Professor Har
ris J. Ryan gave before a select group
of scientists, scholars, and men in the
electrical industry at the formal open
ing of his new high-voltage laboratory
tTiis summer, will be repeated tomor
row for the benefit of campus people.
All faculty members, students, and
campus residents generally who are
interested in the work of the new
laboratory are invited to attend these
demonstrations which will begin at
9:20 o'clock in the morning and be
repeated every hour thereafter, in
cluding 12:20, the last one being at
4:20.
More Exhibitions Soon
This will allow students twenty min
utes to reach the laboratory after be
ing dismissed from classes. A second
demonstration will be given some time
In the near future for neighboring off
campus people.
Professor Ryan is arranging the pub
lic demonstrations at this time be
cause the high-voltage apparatus is
soon to be connected up in a different
manner for a new series of experi
ments and when that is done it will
flash of electricity discharging be
no longer be possible to show the huge
tween electrodes set twenty feet apart,
a sight that can be witnessed nowhere
else in the world.
This feat, which has never before
been accomplished, has been made
possible by the co-operation with the
University of various large electrical
companies which have recognized the
value of Professor Ryan's research and
have furnished money and equipment,
including six huge transformers, the
largest in voltage capacity that have
ever been built, and which make this
experiment possible for the new lab
oratory.
The purpose of the work carried on
there is to find out practical methods
of transmitting electric power at high
voltages over long distances with a
minimum of loss.
The unparalleled demonstration of
a 2,000,000-volt "spark" jumping a
twenty-foot gap, which Professor Har
ris J. Ryan gave before a select group
of scientists, scholars, and men in the
electrical industry at the formal open
ing of his new high-voltage laboratory
tTiis summer, will be repeated tomor
row for the benefit of campus people.
All faculty members, students, and
campus residents generally who are
interested in the work of the new
laboratory are invited to attend these
demonstrations which will begin at
9:20 o'clock in the morning and be
repeated every hour thereafter, in
cluding 12:20, the last one being at
4:20.
More Exhibitions Soon
This will allow students twenty min
utes to reach the laboratory after be
ing dismissed from classes. A second
demonstration will be given some time
In the near future for neighboring off
campus people.
Professor Ryan is arranging the pub
lic demonstrations at this time be
cause the high-voltage apparatus is
soon to be connected up in a different
manner for a new series of experi
ments and when that is done it will
flash of electricity discharging be
no longer be possible to show the huge
tween electrodes set twenty feet apart,
a sight that can be witnessed nowhere
else in the world.
This feat, which has never before
been accomplished, has been made
possible by the co-operation with the
University of various large electrical
companies which have recognized the
value of Professor Ryan's research and
have furnished money and equipment,
including six huge transformers, the
largest in voltage capacity that have
ever been built, and which make this
experiment possible for the new lab
oratory.
The purpose of the work carried on
there is to find out practical methods
of transmitting electric power at high
voltages over long distances with a
minimum of loss.
The unparalleled demonstration of
a 2,000,000-volt "spark" jumping a
twenty-foot gap, which Professor Har
ris J. Ryan gave before a select group
of scientists, scholars, and men in the
electrical industry at the formal open
ing of his new high-voltage laboratory
tTiis summer, will be repeated tomor
row for the benefit of campus people.
All faculty members, students, and
campus residents generally who are
interested in the work of the new
laboratory are invited to attend these
demonstrations which will begin at
9:20 o'clock in the morning and be
repeated every hour thereafter, in
cluding 12:20, the last one being at
4:20.
More Exhibitions Soon
This will allow students twenty min
utes to reach the laboratory after be
ing dismissed from classes. A second
demonstration will be given some time
In the near future for neighboring off
campus people.
Professor Ryan is arranging the pub
lic demonstrations at this time be
cause the high-voltage apparatus is
soon to be connected up in a different
manner for a new series of experi
ments and when that is done it will
flash of electricity discharging be
no longer be possible to show the huge
tween electrodes set twenty feet apart,
a sight that can be witnessed nowhere
else in the world.
This feat, which has never before
been accomplished, has been made
possible by the co-operation with the
University of various large electrical
companies which have recognized the
value of Professor Ryan's research and
have furnished money and equipment,
including six huge transformers, the
largest in voltage capacity that have
ever been built, and which make this
experiment possible for the new lab
oratory.
The purpose of the work carried on
there is to find out practical methods
of transmitting electric power at high
voltages over long distances with a
minimum of loss.
The unparalleled demonstration of
a 2,000,000-volt "spark" jumping a
twenty-foot gap, which Professor Har
ris J. Ryan gave before a select group
of scientists, scholars, and men in the
electrical industry at the formal open
ing of his new high-voltage laboratory
tTiis summer, will be repeated tomor
row for the benefit of campus people.
All faculty members, students, and
campus residents generally who are
interested in the work of the new
laboratory are invited to attend these
demonstrations which will begin at
9:20 o'clock in the morning and be
repeated every hour thereafter, in
cluding 12:20, the last one being at
4:20.
More Exhibitions Soon
This will allow students twenty min
utes to reach the laboratory after be
ing dismissed from classes. A second
demonstration will be given some time
In the near future for neighboring off
campus people.
Professor Ryan is arranging the pub
lic demonstrations at this time be
cause the high-voltage apparatus is
soon to be connected up in a different
manner for a new series of experi
ments and when that is done it will
flash of electricity discharging be
no longer be possible to show the huge
tween electrodes set twenty feet apart,
a sight that can be witnessed nowhere
else in the world.
This feat, which has never before
been accomplished, has been made
possible by the co-operation with the
University of various large electrical
companies which have recognized the
value of Professor Ryan's research and
have furnished money and equipment,
including six huge transformers, the
largest in voltage capacity that have
ever been built, and which make this
experiment possible for the new lab
oratory.
The purpose of the work carried on
there is to find out practical methods
of transmitting electric power at high
voltages over long distances with a
minimum of loss.
The unparalleled demonstration of
a 2,000,000-volt "spark" jumping a
twenty-foot gap, which Professor Har
ris J. Ryan gave before a select group
of scientists, scholars, and men in the
electrical industry at the formal open
ing of his new high-voltage laboratory
tTiis summer, will be repeated tomor
row for the benefit of campus people.
All faculty members, students, and
campus residents generally who are
interested in the work of the new
laboratory are invited to attend these
demonstrations which will begin at
9:20 o'clock in the morning and be
repeated every hour thereafter, in
cluding 12:20, the last one being at
4:20.
More Exhibitions Soon
This will allow students twenty min
utes to reach the laboratory after be
ing dismissed from classes. A second
demonstration will be given some time
In the near future for neighboring off
campus people.
Professor Ryan is arranging the pub
lic demonstrations at this time be
cause the high-voltage apparatus is
soon to be connected up in a different
manner for a new series of experi
ments and when that is done it will
flash of electricity discharging be
no longer be possible to show the huge
tween electrodes set twenty feet apart,
a sight that can be witnessed nowhere
else in the world.
This feat, which has never before
been accomplished, has been made
possible by the co-operation with the
University of various large electrical
companies which have recognized the
value of Professor Ryan's research and
have furnished money and equipment,
including six huge transformers, the
largest in voltage capacity that have
ever been built, and which make this
experiment possible for the new lab
oratory.
The purpose of the work carried on
there is to find out practical methods
of transmitting electric power at high
voltages over long distances with a
minimum of loss.
The unparalleled demonstration of
a 2,000,000-volt "spark" jumping a
twenty-foot gap, which Professor Har
ris J. Ryan gave before a select group
of scientists, scholars, and men in the
electrical industry at the formal open
ing of his new high-voltage laboratory
tTiis summer, will be repeated tomor
row for the benefit of campus people.
All faculty members, students, and
campus residents generally who are
interested in the work of the new
laboratory are invited to attend these
demonstrations which will begin at
9:20 o'clock in the morning and be
repeated every hour thereafter, in
cluding 12:20, the last one being at
4:20.
More Exhibitions Soon
This will allow students twenty min
utes to reach the laboratory after be
ing dismissed from classes. A second
demonstration will be given some time
In the near future for neighboring off
campus people.
Professor Ryan is arranging the pub
lic demonstrations at this time be
cause the high-voltage apparatus is
soon to be connected up in a different
manner for a new series of experi
ments and when that is done it will
flash of electricity discharging be
no longer be possible to show the huge
tween electrodes set twenty feet apart,
a sight that can be witnessed nowhere
else in the world.
This feat, which has never before
been accomplished, has been made
possible by the co-operation with the
University of various large electrical
companies which have recognized the
value of Professor Ryan's research and
have furnished money and equipment,
including six huge transformers, the
largest in voltage capacity that have
ever been built, and which make this
experiment possible for the new lab
oratory.
The purpose of the work carried on
there is to find out practical methods
of transmitting electric power at high
voltages over long distances with a
minimum of loss.
