# Psychologist to Speak of Voyage at Club Meeting
## 
### 
"Some Observations of a Psycholo- 1
gist on a World Trip" will be the sub j
ject of Dr. Lillien J. Martin at the I
regular meeting of Tau Pgj Epsilon. j
honorary psychological fraternity, to
bp held at 7:45 o'clock Friday night |
in Ttoom 414 of the Psychology build- 1
ing.
Dr. Martin has just completed a trip
around the world, during which she
visited the psychology centers in Eu-;
rope. Psychology majors and graduate
students who are minoring in psych
ology are invited to the meeting.
"Some Observations of a Psycholo- 1
gist on a World Trip" will be the sub j
ject of Dr. Lillien J. Martin at the I
regular meeting of Tau Pgj Epsilon. j
honorary psychological fraternity, to
bp held at 7:45 o'clock Friday night |
in Ttoom 414 of the Psychology build- 1
ing.
Dr. Martin has just completed a trip
around the world, during which she
visited the psychology centers in Eu-;
rope. Psychology majors and graduate
students who are minoring in psych
ology are invited to the meeting.
"Some Observations of a Psycholo- 1
gist on a World Trip" will be the sub j
ject of Dr. Lillien J. Martin at the I
regular meeting of Tau Pgj Epsilon. j
honorary psychological fraternity, to
bp held at 7:45 o'clock Friday night |
in Ttoom 414 of the Psychology build- 1
ing.
Dr. Martin has just completed a trip
around the world, during which she
visited the psychology centers in Eu-;
rope. Psychology majors and graduate
students who are minoring in psych
ology are invited to the meeting.
"Some Observations of a Psycholo- 1
gist on a World Trip" will be the sub j
ject of Dr. Lillien J. Martin at the I
regular meeting of Tau Pgj Epsilon. j
honorary psychological fraternity, to
bp held at 7:45 o'clock Friday night |
in Ttoom 414 of the Psychology build- 1
ing.
Dr. Martin has just completed a trip
around the world, during which she
visited the psychology centers in Eu-;
rope. Psychology majors and graduate
students who are minoring in psych
ology are invited to the meeting.
"Some Observations of a Psycholo- 1
gist on a World Trip" will be the sub j
ject of Dr. Lillien J. Martin at the I
regular meeting of Tau Pgj Epsilon. j
honorary psychological fraternity, to
bp held at 7:45 o'clock Friday night |
in Ttoom 414 of the Psychology build- 1
ing.
Dr. Martin has just completed a trip
around the world, during which she
visited the psychology centers in Eu-;
rope. Psychology majors and graduate
students who are minoring in psych
ology are invited to the meeting.
"Some Observations of a Psycholo- 1
gist on a World Trip" will be the sub j
ject of Dr. Lillien J. Martin at the I
regular meeting of Tau Pgj Epsilon. j
honorary psychological fraternity, to
bp held at 7:45 o'clock Friday night |
in Ttoom 414 of the Psychology build- 1
ing.
Dr. Martin has just completed a trip
around the world, during which she
visited the psychology centers in Eu-;
rope. Psychology majors and graduate
students who are minoring in psych
ology are invited to the meeting.
"Some Observations of a Psycholo- 1
gist on a World Trip" will be the sub j
ject of Dr. Lillien J. Martin at the I
regular meeting of Tau Pgj Epsilon. j
honorary psychological fraternity, to
bp held at 7:45 o'clock Friday night |
in Ttoom 414 of the Psychology build- 1
ing.
Dr. Martin has just completed a trip
around the world, during which she
visited the psychology centers in Eu-;
rope. Psychology majors and graduate
students who are minoring in psych
ology are invited to the meeting.
"Some Observations of a Psycholo- 1
gist on a World Trip" will be the sub j
ject of Dr. Lillien J. Martin at the I
regular meeting of Tau Pgj Epsilon. j
honorary psychological fraternity, to
bp held at 7:45 o'clock Friday night |
in Ttoom 414 of the Psychology build- 1
ing.
Dr. Martin has just completed a trip
around the world, during which she
visited the psychology centers in Eu-;
rope. Psychology majors and graduate
students who are minoring in psych
ology are invited to the meeting.
"Some Observations of a Psycholo- 1
gist on a World Trip" will be the sub j
ject of Dr. Lillien J. Martin at the I
regular meeting of Tau Pgj Epsilon. j
honorary psychological fraternity, to
bp held at 7:45 o'clock Friday night |
in Ttoom 414 of the Psychology build- 1
ing.
Dr. Martin has just completed a trip
around the world, during which she
visited the psychology centers in Eu-;
rope. Psychology majors and graduate
students who are minoring in psych
ology are invited to the meeting.
"Some Observations of a Psycholo- 1
gist on a World Trip" will be the sub j
ject of Dr. Lillien J. Martin at the I
regular meeting of Tau Pgj Epsilon. j
honorary psychological fraternity, to
bp held at 7:45 o'clock Friday night |
in Ttoom 414 of the Psychology build- 1
ing.
Dr. Martin has just completed a trip
around the world, during which she
visited the psychology centers in Eu-;
rope. Psychology majors and graduate
students who are minoring in psych
ology are invited to the meeting.
"Some Observations of a Psycholo- 1
gist on a World Trip" will be the sub j
ject of Dr. Lillien J. Martin at the I
regular meeting of Tau Pgj Epsilon. j
honorary psychological fraternity, to
bp held at 7:45 o'clock Friday night |
in Ttoom 414 of the Psychology build- 1
ing.
Dr. Martin has just completed a trip
around the world, during which she
visited the psychology centers in Eu-;
rope. Psychology majors and graduate
students who are minoring in psych
ology are invited to the meeting.
"Some Observations of a Psycholo- 1
gist on a World Trip" will be the sub j
ject of Dr. Lillien J. Martin at the I
regular meeting of Tau Pgj Epsilon. j
honorary psychological fraternity, to
bp held at 7:45 o'clock Friday night |
in Ttoom 414 of the Psychology build- 1
ing.
Dr. Martin has just completed a trip
around the world, during which she
visited the psychology centers in Eu-;
rope. Psychology majors and graduate
students who are minoring in psych
ology are invited to the meeting.
"Some Observations of a Psycholo- 1
gist on a World Trip" will be the sub j
ject of Dr. Lillien J. Martin at the I
regular meeting of Tau Pgj Epsilon. j
honorary psychological fraternity, to
bp held at 7:45 o'clock Friday night |
in Ttoom 414 of the Psychology build- 1
ing.
Dr. Martin has just completed a trip
around the world, during which she
visited the psychology centers in Eu-;
rope. Psychology majors and graduate
students who are minoring in psych
ology are invited to the meeting.
"Some Observations of a Psycholo- 1
gist on a World Trip" will be the sub j
ject of Dr. Lillien J. Martin at the I
regular meeting of Tau Pgj Epsilon. j
honorary psychological fraternity, to
bp held at 7:45 o'clock Friday night |
in Ttoom 414 of the Psychology build- 1
ing.
Dr. Martin has just completed a trip
around the world, during which she
visited the psychology centers in Eu-;
rope. Psychology majors and graduate
students who are minoring in psych
ology are invited to the meeting.
"Some Observations of a Psycholo- 1
gist on a World Trip" will be the sub j
ject of Dr. Lillien J. Martin at the I
regular meeting of Tau Pgj Epsilon. j
honorary psychological fraternity, to
bp held at 7:45 o'clock Friday night |
in Ttoom 414 of the Psychology build- 1
ing.
Dr. Martin has just completed a trip
around the world, during which she
visited the psychology centers in Eu-;
rope. Psychology majors and graduate
students who are minoring in psych
ology are invited to the meeting.
