# One in four undergrad women experienced sexual coercion, according to campus survey
## 
### Craig Mallery 
A survey released yesterday by
the Stanford Rape Education
Project found that one in four
undergraduate women and one in
three graduate women at Stanford
were forced to have vaginal, anal
or oral intercourse.
The Stanford Survey on Atti
tudes, Awareness and Experience
of Sexual Violence is the first to
examine sexual activity for one
college campus on an extensive
scale — 1,250 students responded
to 70 questions — according to
Suzanne O'Brien, a survey coor
dinator.
Survey results indicate that ac

quaintance rape constitutes a
"shocking" problem among the
graduate and undergraduate stu
dent population, O'Brien said
Of the 26 percent of under
graduate women who had been
sexually coerced, 55 percent said
the incident took place here. Of
the 33.5 percent of female grad
uate students who had been
coerced, 26 percent said the inci
dents occurred at Stanford.
According to freshman David
Frazee, a member of the survey
team, the real problem with rape
is "not people jumping out of
bushes," but rape occurring in in
terpersonal relationships and be
tween acquaintances.

According to the survey, almost
55 percent of women were already
acquainted with the person who
had coerced them into sexual ac
tivity.
"The thing that was most
shocking to me was that nobody
was talking about it," said Ted
DesMaisons, a junior and member
of the Rape Education Project.
Only 9.5 percent of the female
undergraduates surveyed had
spoken with someone about their
experience.
Last spring, the project's ques
tions were sent out by the
Registrars Office to ensure that
