# World & Nation
## 
### 

Associated Press
Help for hospitals
Hundreds of trustees, administrators, employees, and volun
teers from hospitals throughout the state form a large HELP
sign at the Capitol in Sacramento. They made the trip to the
legislature to make an appeal for more Medi-Cal money.

Associated Press
Help for hospitals
Hundreds of trustees, administrators, employees, and volun
teers from hospitals throughout the state form a large HELP
sign at the Capitol in Sacramento. They made the trip to the
legislature to make an appeal for more Medi-Cal money.

Associated Press
Help for hospitals
Hundreds of trustees, administrators, employees, and volun
teers from hospitals throughout the state form a large HELP
sign at the Capitol in Sacramento. They made the trip to the
legislature to make an appeal for more Medi-Cal money.

Associated Press
Help for hospitals
Hundreds of trustees, administrators, employees, and volun
teers from hospitals throughout the state form a large HELP
sign at the Capitol in Sacramento. They made the trip to the
legislature to make an appeal for more Medi-Cal money.

Associated Press
Help for hospitals
Hundreds of trustees, administrators, employees, and volun
teers from hospitals throughout the state form a large HELP
sign at the Capitol in Sacramento. They made the trip to the
legislature to make an appeal for more Medi-Cal money.

Associated Press
Help for hospitals
Hundreds of trustees, administrators, employees, and volun
teers from hospitals throughout the state form a large HELP
sign at the Capitol in Sacramento. They made the trip to the
legislature to make an appeal for more Medi-Cal money.

Associated Press
Help for hospitals
Hundreds of trustees, administrators, employees, and volun
teers from hospitals throughout the state form a large HELP
sign at the Capitol in Sacramento. They made the trip to the
legislature to make an appeal for more Medi-Cal money.

Associated Press
Help for hospitals
Hundreds of trustees, administrators, employees, and volun
teers from hospitals throughout the state form a large HELP
sign at the Capitol in Sacramento. They made the trip to the
legislature to make an appeal for more Medi-Cal money.
