# History Speech Planned
## 
### 
Profeiispr John J. Johnson of the
Stanford History Depai"tmont will
speak on "Political Change in Latin

| America" at 3:15 this aiternoon in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Profeiispr John J. Johnson of the
Stanford History Depai"tmont will
speak on "Political Change in Latin

| America" at 3:15 this aiternoon in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Profeiispr John J. Johnson of the
Stanford History Depai"tmont will
speak on "Political Change in Latin

| America" at 3:15 this aiternoon in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Profeiispr John J. Johnson of the
Stanford History Depai"tmont will
speak on "Political Change in Latin

| America" at 3:15 this aiternoon in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Profeiispr John J. Johnson of the
Stanford History Depai"tmont will
speak on "Political Change in Latin

| America" at 3:15 this aiternoon in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Profeiispr John J. Johnson of the
Stanford History Depai"tmont will
speak on "Political Change in Latin

| America" at 3:15 this aiternoon in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Profeiispr John J. Johnson of the
Stanford History Depai"tmont will
speak on "Political Change in Latin

| America" at 3:15 this aiternoon in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Profeiispr John J. Johnson of the
Stanford History Depai"tmont will
speak on "Political Change in Latin

| America" at 3:15 this aiternoon in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Profeiispr John J. Johnson of the
Stanford History Depai"tmont will
speak on "Political Change in Latin

| America" at 3:15 this aiternoon in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Profeiispr John J. Johnson of the
Stanford History Depai"tmont will
speak on "Political Change in Latin

| America" at 3:15 this aiternoon in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Profeiispr John J. Johnson of the
Stanford History Depai"tmont will
speak on "Political Change in Latin

| America" at 3:15 this aiternoon in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Profeiispr John J. Johnson of the
Stanford History Depai"tmont will
speak on "Political Change in Latin

| America" at 3:15 this aiternoon in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Profeiispr John J. Johnson of the
Stanford History Depai"tmont will
speak on "Political Change in Latin

| America" at 3:15 this aiternoon in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Profeiispr John J. Johnson of the
Stanford History Depai"tmont will
speak on "Political Change in Latin

| America" at 3:15 this aiternoon in
the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
