# GSA Appointments
## 
### 
The Graduate Students' Associa
tion approved "thploUoVing appoint
ments at their 4 last "meeting: Elaine

Smith, publicity chairman; Hal
Courtney, organizational co-ordina
tor.
The Graduate Students' Associa
tion approved "thploUoVing appoint
ments at their 4 last "meeting: Elaine

Smith, publicity chairman; Hal
Courtney, organizational co-ordina
tor.
The Graduate Students' Associa
tion approved "thploUoVing appoint
ments at their 4 last "meeting: Elaine

Smith, publicity chairman; Hal
Courtney, organizational co-ordina
tor.
The Graduate Students' Associa
tion approved "thploUoVing appoint
ments at their 4 last "meeting: Elaine

Smith, publicity chairman; Hal
Courtney, organizational co-ordina
tor.
The Graduate Students' Associa
tion approved "thploUoVing appoint
ments at their 4 last "meeting: Elaine

Smith, publicity chairman; Hal
Courtney, organizational co-ordina
tor.
The Graduate Students' Associa
tion approved "thploUoVing appoint
ments at their 4 last "meeting: Elaine

Smith, publicity chairman; Hal
Courtney, organizational co-ordina
tor.
The Graduate Students' Associa
tion approved "thploUoVing appoint
ments at their 4 last "meeting: Elaine

Smith, publicity chairman; Hal
Courtney, organizational co-ordina
tor.
The Graduate Students' Associa
tion approved "thploUoVing appoint
ments at their 4 last "meeting: Elaine

Smith, publicity chairman; Hal
Courtney, organizational co-ordina
tor.
The Graduate Students' Associa
tion approved "thploUoVing appoint
ments at their 4 last "meeting: Elaine

Smith, publicity chairman; Hal
Courtney, organizational co-ordina
tor.
The Graduate Students' Associa
tion approved "thploUoVing appoint
ments at their 4 last "meeting: Elaine

Smith, publicity chairman; Hal
Courtney, organizational co-ordina
tor.
The Graduate Students' Associa
tion approved "thploUoVing appoint
ments at their 4 last "meeting: Elaine

Smith, publicity chairman; Hal
Courtney, organizational co-ordina
tor.
The Graduate Students' Associa
tion approved "thploUoVing appoint
ments at their 4 last "meeting: Elaine

Smith, publicity chairman; Hal
Courtney, organizational co-ordina
tor.
The Graduate Students' Associa
tion approved "thploUoVing appoint
ments at their 4 last "meeting: Elaine

Smith, publicity chairman; Hal
Courtney, organizational co-ordina
tor.
The Graduate Students' Associa
tion approved "thploUoVing appoint
ments at their 4 last "meeting: Elaine

Smith, publicity chairman; Hal
Courtney, organizational co-ordina
tor.
