# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The excellent dramatic talent as
represented in the recent farce
speaks forcibly in favor of the dra
matic club organization to which we
called attention in a recent issue.
All those who attended the play on
last Friday and Saturday evenings
speak of it in the highest terms, and
wish we had several more following
soon. Fuch pla)S not only furnish
amusement and diveision to the ap
preciative audience, but fit the par
ticipants for duties in public life. It
is anxiously hoped that another farce
will be placed on the boards soon.
The club will develop such talent

that very difficult acting can be un
dertaken and successfully carried
out. All that is needed to start this
organization I'ull fledged is a lew
leaders, Let them come forwaid at
once.
The excellent dramatic talent as
represented in the recent farce
speaks forcibly in favor of the dra
matic club organization to which we
called attention in a recent issue.
All those who attended the play on
last Friday and Saturday evenings
speak of it in the highest terms, and
wish we had several more following
soon. Fuch pla)S not only furnish
amusement and diveision to the ap
preciative audience, but fit the par
ticipants for duties in public life. It
is anxiously hoped that another farce
will be placed on the boards soon.
The club will develop such talent

that very difficult acting can be un
dertaken and successfully carried
out. All that is needed to start this
organization I'ull fledged is a lew
leaders, Let them come forwaid at
once.
