# Museum Exhibits Favorite 'Funnies'
## 
### 
The lowly comic strip comes into
its own when the De Young Museunt
devotes the walls of its galleries to
favorites of the funnies for two
weeks beginning April 15. The
American Institute of Graphic Arts,
organizer of the show, has given it
the name, "The Comic Strip: Its
Ancient and Honorable Lineage, and
Present Significance," a somewhat
exhausting title for a show starring
Maggie and Jiggs, Mut and Jeff, the
Little King, Katzen jammer Kids, and
Dick Tracy.
The exhibit ti'aces back to the
earliest evidences of narrative art
which is in direct line with the pre
historic writings of the caveman.
Thus the history of the comics from
the first recorded picture-story to
the latest adventures of Superman
and Terry and the Pirates is vividly
shown. The comics are as traditional
a part of the American scene as hot
dogs and hamburgers. In fact, such
slang expressions as "hot dog,"
"horsefeathers," "sweet mama," ad
infinitumâ€”all originated with the
lowly funny paper.
