# 'Y.W.' Book Wrapping Project Underway
## 
### 
All girls interested in wrapping
books for the Y.W.C.A. Race Re
lations Project should report to
the Y room between 4 and (i. This
work will count for war work
credit. The books are being sent
to former Stanford Japanese stu
dents now at Manzanar. This same
group has previously sent Dailies,
Chappies, and furniture to the
Japanese.
All girls interested in wrapping
books for the Y.W.C.A. Race Re
lations Project should report to
the Y room between 4 and (i. This
work will count for war work
credit. The books are being sent
to former Stanford Japanese stu
dents now at Manzanar. This same
group has previously sent Dailies,
Chappies, and furniture to the
Japanese.
All girls interested in wrapping
books for the Y.W.C.A. Race Re
lations Project should report to
the Y room between 4 and (i. This
work will count for war work
credit. The books are being sent
to former Stanford Japanese stu
dents now at Manzanar. This same
group has previously sent Dailies,
Chappies, and furniture to the
Japanese.
All girls interested in wrapping
books for the Y.W.C.A. Race Re
lations Project should report to
the Y room between 4 and (i. This
work will count for war work
credit. The books are being sent
to former Stanford Japanese stu
dents now at Manzanar. This same
group has previously sent Dailies,
Chappies, and furniture to the
Japanese.
All girls interested in wrapping
books for the Y.W.C.A. Race Re
lations Project should report to
the Y room between 4 and (i. This
work will count for war work
credit. The books are being sent
to former Stanford Japanese stu
dents now at Manzanar. This same
group has previously sent Dailies,
Chappies, and furniture to the
Japanese.
All girls interested in wrapping
books for the Y.W.C.A. Race Re
lations Project should report to
the Y room between 4 and (i. This
work will count for war work
credit. The books are being sent
to former Stanford Japanese stu
dents now at Manzanar. This same
group has previously sent Dailies,
Chappies, and furniture to the
Japanese.
All girls interested in wrapping
books for the Y.W.C.A. Race Re
lations Project should report to
the Y room between 4 and (i. This
work will count for war work
credit. The books are being sent
to former Stanford Japanese stu
dents now at Manzanar. This same
group has previously sent Dailies,
Chappies, and furniture to the
Japanese.
All girls interested in wrapping
books for the Y.W.C.A. Race Re
lations Project should report to
the Y room between 4 and (i. This
work will count for war work
credit. The books are being sent
to former Stanford Japanese stu
dents now at Manzanar. This same
group has previously sent Dailies,
Chappies, and furniture to the
Japanese.
All girls interested in wrapping
books for the Y.W.C.A. Race Re
lations Project should report to
the Y room between 4 and (i. This
work will count for war work
credit. The books are being sent
to former Stanford Japanese stu
dents now at Manzanar. This same
group has previously sent Dailies,
Chappies, and furniture to the
Japanese.
All girls interested in wrapping
books for the Y.W.C.A. Race Re
lations Project should report to
the Y room between 4 and (i. This
work will count for war work
credit. The books are being sent
to former Stanford Japanese stu
dents now at Manzanar. This same
group has previously sent Dailies,
Chappies, and furniture to the
Japanese.
All girls interested in wrapping
books for the Y.W.C.A. Race Re
lations Project should report to
the Y room between 4 and (i. This
work will count for war work
credit. The books are being sent
to former Stanford Japanese stu
dents now at Manzanar. This same
group has previously sent Dailies,
Chappies, and furniture to the
Japanese.
All girls interested in wrapping
books for the Y.W.C.A. Race Re
lations Project should report to
the Y room between 4 and (i. This
work will count for war work
credit. The books are being sent
to former Stanford Japanese stu
dents now at Manzanar. This same
group has previously sent Dailies,
Chappies, and furniture to the
Japanese.
All girls interested in wrapping
books for the Y.W.C.A. Race Re
lations Project should report to
the Y room between 4 and (i. This
work will count for war work
credit. The books are being sent
to former Stanford Japanese stu
dents now at Manzanar. This same
group has previously sent Dailies,
Chappies, and furniture to the
Japanese.
All girls interested in wrapping
books for the Y.W.C.A. Race Re
lations Project should report to
the Y room between 4 and (i. This
work will count for war work
credit. The books are being sent
to former Stanford Japanese stu
dents now at Manzanar. This same
group has previously sent Dailies,
Chappies, and furniture to the
Japanese.
All girls interested in wrapping
books for the Y.W.C.A. Race Re
lations Project should report to
the Y room between 4 and (i. This
work will count for war work
credit. The books are being sent
to former Stanford Japanese stu
dents now at Manzanar. This same
group has previously sent Dailies,
Chappies, and furniture to the
Japanese.
All girls interested in wrapping
books for the Y.W.C.A. Race Re
lations Project should report to
the Y room between 4 and (i. This
work will count for war work
credit. The books are being sent
to former Stanford Japanese stu
dents now at Manzanar. This same
group has previously sent Dailies,
Chappies, and furniture to the
Japanese.
All girls interested in wrapping
books for the Y.W.C.A. Race Re
lations Project should report to
the Y room between 4 and (i. This
work will count for war work
credit. The books are being sent
to former Stanford Japanese stu
dents now at Manzanar. This same
group has previously sent Dailies,
Chappies, and furniture to the
Japanese.
