# Sociologist McCord Contends Capital Punishment Ineffective
## 
### Bill Reppy 
Mrs. Joan MeCord of the soci
ology department used statistical
evidence to present an objective
look at capital punishment in a
talk last night. Mrs. MeCord, co
author of "The Origin of Crime"
and writer of several other books
was presented by Los Arcos eat
ing club.
"Clearly, capital punishment is
not a deterrent to crime," she
said. In most cases nations and
states which abolished capital
punishment actually found a de
crease in the homicide rate. Nor
way's homicide rate is now one
third what it was before aboli
tion of capital punishment.
Economic Argument
To those who claim capital
punishment is needed because it
is cheaper to execute a murderer
than to imprison him. Mrs. Me-
Cord replied: "If we are so econ
omy conscious, why don't we exe
cute criminals from petty thieves
down?"
In one respect, capital punish
ment harms the legal process, for
surveys show that juries are less
willing to convict a man if he
faces death upon conviction.
'Disease'
"Criminality is a disease," said
Mrs. MeCord, citing reports which
demonstrate how early environ
ment conditions breed criminals.
"A criminal cannot control his
crimes any more Hum an insane
man can control certain of his
actions. We do not punish a man
for being insane, why should we
punish him for being a criminal?"
According to Mrs. MeCord, a
major drawback of capital pun
ishment is that it does not allow
a government to right its wrongs.
"What can we .do when we find

out an executed man was really
innocent?" she asked.
Mrs. MeCord pointed to Nathan
Leopold to show that an impris
oned murder may bo useful to
sociejy. As a human guinea-pig,
Leopold was a great aid to sci
ence. Mrs. MeCord added that
pri so n authorities agree that
"murderers make the best prison-
