# Braves Thump Cal JV Nine
## 
### 
Stanford's JV baseball team
thumped Cal by a lopsided 12-1
margin yesterday to pick up their
fourth win of the season.
.The Braves, led by varsity
catcher Mike MaGee, stored seven
time.s in the seventh inning on
four hits, four walks, and two
errors. Pete Simpson looked im
pressive on the mound for the
Braves, hurling four scoreless
innings and allowing just two
hits. MaGee had three hits.
Stanford's JV baseball team
thumped Cal by a lopsided 12-1
margin yesterday to pick up their
fourth win of the season.
.The Braves, led by varsity
catcher Mike MaGee, stored seven
time.s in the seventh inning on
four hits, four walks, and two
errors. Pete Simpson looked im
pressive on the mound for the
Braves, hurling four scoreless
innings and allowing just two
hits. MaGee had three hits.
Stanford's JV baseball team
thumped Cal by a lopsided 12-1
margin yesterday to pick up their
fourth win of the season.
.The Braves, led by varsity
catcher Mike MaGee, stored seven
time.s in the seventh inning on
four hits, four walks, and two
errors. Pete Simpson looked im
pressive on the mound for the
Braves, hurling four scoreless
innings and allowing just two
hits. MaGee had three hits.
Stanford's JV baseball team
thumped Cal by a lopsided 12-1
margin yesterday to pick up their
fourth win of the season.
.The Braves, led by varsity
catcher Mike MaGee, stored seven
time.s in the seventh inning on
four hits, four walks, and two
errors. Pete Simpson looked im
pressive on the mound for the
Braves, hurling four scoreless
innings and allowing just two
hits. MaGee had three hits.
Stanford's JV baseball team
thumped Cal by a lopsided 12-1
margin yesterday to pick up their
fourth win of the season.
.The Braves, led by varsity
catcher Mike MaGee, stored seven
time.s in the seventh inning on
four hits, four walks, and two
errors. Pete Simpson looked im
pressive on the mound for the
Braves, hurling four scoreless
innings and allowing just two
hits. MaGee had three hits.
Stanford's JV baseball team
thumped Cal by a lopsided 12-1
margin yesterday to pick up their
fourth win of the season.
.The Braves, led by varsity
catcher Mike MaGee, stored seven
time.s in the seventh inning on
four hits, four walks, and two
errors. Pete Simpson looked im
pressive on the mound for the
Braves, hurling four scoreless
innings and allowing just two
hits. MaGee had three hits.
Stanford's JV baseball team
thumped Cal by a lopsided 12-1
margin yesterday to pick up their
fourth win of the season.
.The Braves, led by varsity
catcher Mike MaGee, stored seven
time.s in the seventh inning on
four hits, four walks, and two
errors. Pete Simpson looked im
pressive on the mound for the
Braves, hurling four scoreless
innings and allowing just two
hits. MaGee had three hits.
Stanford's JV baseball team
thumped Cal by a lopsided 12-1
margin yesterday to pick up their
fourth win of the season.
.The Braves, led by varsity
catcher Mike MaGee, stored seven
time.s in the seventh inning on
four hits, four walks, and two
errors. Pete Simpson looked im
pressive on the mound for the
Braves, hurling four scoreless
innings and allowing just two
hits. MaGee had three hits.
Stanford's JV baseball team
thumped Cal by a lopsided 12-1
margin yesterday to pick up their
fourth win of the season.
.The Braves, led by varsity
catcher Mike MaGee, stored seven
time.s in the seventh inning on
four hits, four walks, and two
errors. Pete Simpson looked im
pressive on the mound for the
Braves, hurling four scoreless
innings and allowing just two
hits. MaGee had three hits.
Stanford's JV baseball team
thumped Cal by a lopsided 12-1
margin yesterday to pick up their
fourth win of the season.
.The Braves, led by varsity
catcher Mike MaGee, stored seven
time.s in the seventh inning on
four hits, four walks, and two
errors. Pete Simpson looked im
pressive on the mound for the
Braves, hurling four scoreless
innings and allowing just two
hits. MaGee had three hits.
Stanford's JV baseball team
thumped Cal by a lopsided 12-1
margin yesterday to pick up their
fourth win of the season.
.The Braves, led by varsity
catcher Mike MaGee, stored seven
time.s in the seventh inning on
four hits, four walks, and two
errors. Pete Simpson looked im
pressive on the mound for the
Braves, hurling four scoreless
innings and allowing just two
hits. MaGee had three hits.
Stanford's JV baseball team
thumped Cal by a lopsided 12-1
margin yesterday to pick up their
fourth win of the season.
.The Braves, led by varsity
catcher Mike MaGee, stored seven
time.s in the seventh inning on
four hits, four walks, and two
errors. Pete Simpson looked im
pressive on the mound for the
Braves, hurling four scoreless
innings and allowing just two
hits. MaGee had three hits.
Stanford's JV baseball team
thumped Cal by a lopsided 12-1
margin yesterday to pick up their
fourth win of the season.
.The Braves, led by varsity
catcher Mike MaGee, stored seven
time.s in the seventh inning on
four hits, four walks, and two
errors. Pete Simpson looked im
pressive on the mound for the
Braves, hurling four scoreless
innings and allowing just two
hits. MaGee had three hits.
Stanford's JV baseball team
thumped Cal by a lopsided 12-1
margin yesterday to pick up their
fourth win of the season.
.The Braves, led by varsity
catcher Mike MaGee, stored seven
time.s in the seventh inning on
four hits, four walks, and two
errors. Pete Simpson looked im
pressive on the mound for the
Braves, hurling four scoreless
innings and allowing just two
hits. MaGee had three hits.
Stanford's JV baseball team
thumped Cal by a lopsided 12-1
margin yesterday to pick up their
fourth win of the season.
.The Braves, led by varsity
catcher Mike MaGee, stored seven
time.s in the seventh inning on
four hits, four walks, and two
errors. Pete Simpson looked im
pressive on the mound for the
Braves, hurling four scoreless
innings and allowing just two
hits. MaGee had three hits.
Stanford's JV baseball team
thumped Cal by a lopsided 12-1
margin yesterday to pick up their
fourth win of the season.
.The Braves, led by varsity
catcher Mike MaGee, stored seven
time.s in the seventh inning on
four hits, four walks, and two
errors. Pete Simpson looked im
pressive on the mound for the
Braves, hurling four scoreless
innings and allowing just two
hits. MaGee had three hits.
