# Auto Mishaps Plague Frosh
## 
### 
An Otero freshman, Albert
Hildebrand, was in good condi
tion in Palo Alto-Stanford Hos
pital Center last night after being
badly cut when his head crashed
through a windshield in an auto
mobile accident at 2:20 a.m. yes
terday.
Hildebrand was a passenger in
a 10.17 Ford driven by James
Fisher, Soto House. Fisher's car
sideswiped a telephone pole on
Foothill Road near the intersec
tion of Alpine and careened down
a twenty-foot bank. Fisher was
bruised but not hospitalized.
Stanford Police Lieutenant Gil
key said the accident was prob
ably caused by excessive speed
and that Fisher was "very lucky."
Yesterday afternoon, Mike Gag
arin. a freshman at Cedro House,
smashed in the front of his Simca
when he ran into a eucalyptus
tree on Lasuen Street near Ar
boietum. Gagarin lost control
when he looked down to study an
object on the seat beside him.
An Otero freshman, Albert
Hildebrand, was in good condi
tion in Palo Alto-Stanford Hos
pital Center last night after being
badly cut when his head crashed
through a windshield in an auto
mobile accident at 2:20 a.m. yes
terday.
Hildebrand was a passenger in
a 10.17 Ford driven by James
Fisher, Soto House. Fisher's car
sideswiped a telephone pole on
Foothill Road near the intersec
tion of Alpine and careened down
a twenty-foot bank. Fisher was
bruised but not hospitalized.
Stanford Police Lieutenant Gil
key said the accident was prob
ably caused by excessive speed
and that Fisher was "very lucky."
Yesterday afternoon, Mike Gag
arin. a freshman at Cedro House,
smashed in the front of his Simca
when he ran into a eucalyptus
tree on Lasuen Street near Ar
boietum. Gagarin lost control
when he looked down to study an
object on the seat beside him.
An Otero freshman, Albert
Hildebrand, was in good condi
tion in Palo Alto-Stanford Hos
pital Center last night after being
badly cut when his head crashed
through a windshield in an auto
mobile accident at 2:20 a.m. yes
terday.
Hildebrand was a passenger in
a 10.17 Ford driven by James
Fisher, Soto House. Fisher's car
sideswiped a telephone pole on
Foothill Road near the intersec
tion of Alpine and careened down
a twenty-foot bank. Fisher was
bruised but not hospitalized.
Stanford Police Lieutenant Gil
key said the accident was prob
ably caused by excessive speed
and that Fisher was "very lucky."
Yesterday afternoon, Mike Gag
arin. a freshman at Cedro House,
smashed in the front of his Simca
when he ran into a eucalyptus
tree on Lasuen Street near Ar
boietum. Gagarin lost control
when he looked down to study an
object on the seat beside him.
An Otero freshman, Albert
Hildebrand, was in good condi
tion in Palo Alto-Stanford Hos
pital Center last night after being
badly cut when his head crashed
through a windshield in an auto
mobile accident at 2:20 a.m. yes
terday.
Hildebrand was a passenger in
a 10.17 Ford driven by James
Fisher, Soto House. Fisher's car
sideswiped a telephone pole on
Foothill Road near the intersec
tion of Alpine and careened down
a twenty-foot bank. Fisher was
bruised but not hospitalized.
Stanford Police Lieutenant Gil
key said the accident was prob
ably caused by excessive speed
and that Fisher was "very lucky."
Yesterday afternoon, Mike Gag
arin. a freshman at Cedro House,
smashed in the front of his Simca
when he ran into a eucalyptus
tree on Lasuen Street near Ar
boietum. Gagarin lost control
when he looked down to study an
object on the seat beside him.
An Otero freshman, Albert
Hildebrand, was in good condi
tion in Palo Alto-Stanford Hos
pital Center last night after being
badly cut when his head crashed
through a windshield in an auto
mobile accident at 2:20 a.m. yes
terday.
Hildebrand was a passenger in
a 10.17 Ford driven by James
Fisher, Soto House. Fisher's car
sideswiped a telephone pole on
Foothill Road near the intersec
tion of Alpine and careened down
a twenty-foot bank. Fisher was
bruised but not hospitalized.
Stanford Police Lieutenant Gil
key said the accident was prob
ably caused by excessive speed
and that Fisher was "very lucky."
Yesterday afternoon, Mike Gag
arin. a freshman at Cedro House,
smashed in the front of his Simca
when he ran into a eucalyptus
tree on Lasuen Street near Ar
boietum. Gagarin lost control
when he looked down to study an
object on the seat beside him.
An Otero freshman, Albert
Hildebrand, was in good condi
tion in Palo Alto-Stanford Hos
pital Center last night after being
badly cut when his head crashed
through a windshield in an auto
mobile accident at 2:20 a.m. yes
terday.
Hildebrand was a passenger in
a 10.17 Ford driven by James
Fisher, Soto House. Fisher's car
sideswiped a telephone pole on
Foothill Road near the intersec
tion of Alpine and careened down
a twenty-foot bank. Fisher was
bruised but not hospitalized.
Stanford Police Lieutenant Gil
key said the accident was prob
ably caused by excessive speed
and that Fisher was "very lucky."
Yesterday afternoon, Mike Gag
arin. a freshman at Cedro House,
smashed in the front of his Simca
when he ran into a eucalyptus
tree on Lasuen Street near Ar
boietum. Gagarin lost control
when he looked down to study an
object on the seat beside him.
An Otero freshman, Albert
Hildebrand, was in good condi
tion in Palo Alto-Stanford Hos
pital Center last night after being
badly cut when his head crashed
through a windshield in an auto
mobile accident at 2:20 a.m. yes
terday.
Hildebrand was a passenger in
a 10.17 Ford driven by James
Fisher, Soto House. Fisher's car
sideswiped a telephone pole on
Foothill Road near the intersec
tion of Alpine and careened down
a twenty-foot bank. Fisher was
bruised but not hospitalized.
Stanford Police Lieutenant Gil
key said the accident was prob
ably caused by excessive speed
and that Fisher was "very lucky."
Yesterday afternoon, Mike Gag
arin. a freshman at Cedro House,
smashed in the front of his Simca
when he ran into a eucalyptus
tree on Lasuen Street near Ar
boietum. Gagarin lost control
when he looked down to study an
object on the seat beside him.
An Otero freshman, Albert
Hildebrand, was in good condi
tion in Palo Alto-Stanford Hos
pital Center last night after being
badly cut when his head crashed
through a windshield in an auto
mobile accident at 2:20 a.m. yes
terday.
Hildebrand was a passenger in
a 10.17 Ford driven by James
Fisher, Soto House. Fisher's car
sideswiped a telephone pole on
Foothill Road near the intersec
tion of Alpine and careened down
a twenty-foot bank. Fisher was
bruised but not hospitalized.
Stanford Police Lieutenant Gil
key said the accident was prob
ably caused by excessive speed
and that Fisher was "very lucky."
Yesterday afternoon, Mike Gag
arin. a freshman at Cedro House,
smashed in the front of his Simca
when he ran into a eucalyptus
tree on Lasuen Street near Ar
boietum. Gagarin lost control
when he looked down to study an
object on the seat beside him.
An Otero freshman, Albert
Hildebrand, was in good condi
tion in Palo Alto-Stanford Hos
pital Center last night after being
badly cut when his head crashed
through a windshield in an auto
mobile accident at 2:20 a.m. yes
terday.
Hildebrand was a passenger in
a 10.17 Ford driven by James
Fisher, Soto House. Fisher's car
sideswiped a telephone pole on
Foothill Road near the intersec
tion of Alpine and careened down
a twenty-foot bank. Fisher was
bruised but not hospitalized.
Stanford Police Lieutenant Gil
key said the accident was prob
ably caused by excessive speed
and that Fisher was "very lucky."
Yesterday afternoon, Mike Gag
arin. a freshman at Cedro House,
smashed in the front of his Simca
when he ran into a eucalyptus
tree on Lasuen Street near Ar
boietum. Gagarin lost control
when he looked down to study an
object on the seat beside him.
An Otero freshman, Albert
Hildebrand, was in good condi
tion in Palo Alto-Stanford Hos
pital Center last night after being
badly cut when his head crashed
through a windshield in an auto
mobile accident at 2:20 a.m. yes
terday.
Hildebrand was a passenger in
a 10.17 Ford driven by James
Fisher, Soto House. Fisher's car
sideswiped a telephone pole on
Foothill Road near the intersec
tion of Alpine and careened down
a twenty-foot bank. Fisher was
bruised but not hospitalized.
Stanford Police Lieutenant Gil
key said the accident was prob
ably caused by excessive speed
and that Fisher was "very lucky."
Yesterday afternoon, Mike Gag
arin. a freshman at Cedro House,
smashed in the front of his Simca
when he ran into a eucalyptus
tree on Lasuen Street near Ar
boietum. Gagarin lost control
when he looked down to study an
object on the seat beside him.
An Otero freshman, Albert
Hildebrand, was in good condi
tion in Palo Alto-Stanford Hos
pital Center last night after being
badly cut when his head crashed
through a windshield in an auto
mobile accident at 2:20 a.m. yes
terday.
Hildebrand was a passenger in
a 10.17 Ford driven by James
Fisher, Soto House. Fisher's car
sideswiped a telephone pole on
Foothill Road near the intersec
tion of Alpine and careened down
a twenty-foot bank. Fisher was
bruised but not hospitalized.
Stanford Police Lieutenant Gil
key said the accident was prob
ably caused by excessive speed
and that Fisher was "very lucky."
Yesterday afternoon, Mike Gag
arin. a freshman at Cedro House,
smashed in the front of his Simca
when he ran into a eucalyptus
tree on Lasuen Street near Ar
boietum. Gagarin lost control
when he looked down to study an
object on the seat beside him.
An Otero freshman, Albert
Hildebrand, was in good condi
tion in Palo Alto-Stanford Hos
pital Center last night after being
badly cut when his head crashed
through a windshield in an auto
mobile accident at 2:20 a.m. yes
terday.
Hildebrand was a passenger in
a 10.17 Ford driven by James
Fisher, Soto House. Fisher's car
sideswiped a telephone pole on
Foothill Road near the intersec
tion of Alpine and careened down
a twenty-foot bank. Fisher was
bruised but not hospitalized.
Stanford Police Lieutenant Gil
key said the accident was prob
ably caused by excessive speed
and that Fisher was "very lucky."
Yesterday afternoon, Mike Gag
arin. a freshman at Cedro House,
smashed in the front of his Simca
when he ran into a eucalyptus
tree on Lasuen Street near Ar
boietum. Gagarin lost control
when he looked down to study an
object on the seat beside him.
An Otero freshman, Albert
Hildebrand, was in good condi
tion in Palo Alto-Stanford Hos
pital Center last night after being
badly cut when his head crashed
through a windshield in an auto
mobile accident at 2:20 a.m. yes
terday.
Hildebrand was a passenger in
a 10.17 Ford driven by James
Fisher, Soto House. Fisher's car
sideswiped a telephone pole on
Foothill Road near the intersec
tion of Alpine and careened down
a twenty-foot bank. Fisher was
bruised but not hospitalized.
Stanford Police Lieutenant Gil
key said the accident was prob
ably caused by excessive speed
and that Fisher was "very lucky."
Yesterday afternoon, Mike Gag
arin. a freshman at Cedro House,
smashed in the front of his Simca
when he ran into a eucalyptus
tree on Lasuen Street near Ar
boietum. Gagarin lost control
when he looked down to study an
object on the seat beside him.
An Otero freshman, Albert
Hildebrand, was in good condi
tion in Palo Alto-Stanford Hos
pital Center last night after being
badly cut when his head crashed
through a windshield in an auto
mobile accident at 2:20 a.m. yes
terday.
Hildebrand was a passenger in
a 10.17 Ford driven by James
Fisher, Soto House. Fisher's car
sideswiped a telephone pole on
Foothill Road near the intersec
tion of Alpine and careened down
a twenty-foot bank. Fisher was
bruised but not hospitalized.
Stanford Police Lieutenant Gil
key said the accident was prob
ably caused by excessive speed
and that Fisher was "very lucky."
Yesterday afternoon, Mike Gag
arin. a freshman at Cedro House,
smashed in the front of his Simca
when he ran into a eucalyptus
tree on Lasuen Street near Ar
boietum. Gagarin lost control
when he looked down to study an
object on the seat beside him.
An Otero freshman, Albert
Hildebrand, was in good condi
tion in Palo Alto-Stanford Hos
pital Center last night after being
badly cut when his head crashed
through a windshield in an auto
mobile accident at 2:20 a.m. yes
terday.
Hildebrand was a passenger in
a 10.17 Ford driven by James
Fisher, Soto House. Fisher's car
sideswiped a telephone pole on
Foothill Road near the intersec
tion of Alpine and careened down
a twenty-foot bank. Fisher was
bruised but not hospitalized.
Stanford Police Lieutenant Gil
key said the accident was prob
ably caused by excessive speed
and that Fisher was "very lucky."
Yesterday afternoon, Mike Gag
arin. a freshman at Cedro House,
smashed in the front of his Simca
when he ran into a eucalyptus
tree on Lasuen Street near Ar
boietum. Gagarin lost control
when he looked down to study an
object on the seat beside him.
An Otero freshman, Albert
Hildebrand, was in good condi
tion in Palo Alto-Stanford Hos
pital Center last night after being
badly cut when his head crashed
through a windshield in an auto
mobile accident at 2:20 a.m. yes
terday.
Hildebrand was a passenger in
a 10.17 Ford driven by James
Fisher, Soto House. Fisher's car
sideswiped a telephone pole on
Foothill Road near the intersec
tion of Alpine and careened down
a twenty-foot bank. Fisher was
bruised but not hospitalized.
Stanford Police Lieutenant Gil
key said the accident was prob
ably caused by excessive speed
and that Fisher was "very lucky."
Yesterday afternoon, Mike Gag
arin. a freshman at Cedro House,
smashed in the front of his Simca
when he ran into a eucalyptus
tree on Lasuen Street near Ar
boietum. Gagarin lost control
when he looked down to study an
object on the seat beside him.
