# Adv. 3 Page 1
## 
### 
KEEBLE'S
CHRISTMAS
CARDS
are Different. There is a
refreshing charm and in
dividuality about the de
signs, colorings, and gen
eral style.
ORDERS FOR ENGRAVED
GREETING CARDS MUST
BE PLACED PROMPTLY
TO INSURE DELIVERY
Don't fail to see our
large line of GIFTS
David j^Qeble
323 UNIVERSITY AVE.
KEEBLE'S
CHRISTMAS
CARDS
are Different. There is a
refreshing charm and in
dividuality about the de
signs, colorings, and gen
eral style.
ORDERS FOR ENGRAVED
GREETING CARDS MUST
BE PLACED PROMPTLY
TO INSURE DELIVERY
Don't fail to see our
large line of GIFTS
David j^Qeble
323 UNIVERSITY AVE.
KEEBLE'S
CHRISTMAS
CARDS
are Different. There is a
refreshing charm and in
dividuality about the de
signs, colorings, and gen
eral style.
ORDERS FOR ENGRAVED
GREETING CARDS MUST
BE PLACED PROMPTLY
TO INSURE DELIVERY
Don't fail to see our
large line of GIFTS
David j^Qeble
323 UNIVERSITY AVE.
KEEBLE'S
CHRISTMAS
CARDS
are Different. There is a
refreshing charm and in
dividuality about the de
signs, colorings, and gen
eral style.
ORDERS FOR ENGRAVED
GREETING CARDS MUST
BE PLACED PROMPTLY
TO INSURE DELIVERY
Don't fail to see our
large line of GIFTS
David j^Qeble
323 UNIVERSITY AVE.
KEEBLE'S
CHRISTMAS
CARDS
are Different. There is a
refreshing charm and in
dividuality about the de
signs, colorings, and gen
eral style.
ORDERS FOR ENGRAVED
GREETING CARDS MUST
BE PLACED PROMPTLY
TO INSURE DELIVERY
Don't fail to see our
large line of GIFTS
David j^Qeble
323 UNIVERSITY AVE.
KEEBLE'S
CHRISTMAS
CARDS
are Different. There is a
refreshing charm and in
dividuality about the de
signs, colorings, and gen
eral style.
ORDERS FOR ENGRAVED
GREETING CARDS MUST
BE PLACED PROMPTLY
TO INSURE DELIVERY
Don't fail to see our
large line of GIFTS
David j^Qeble
323 UNIVERSITY AVE.
KEEBLE'S
CHRISTMAS
CARDS
are Different. There is a
refreshing charm and in
dividuality about the de
signs, colorings, and gen
eral style.
ORDERS FOR ENGRAVED
GREETING CARDS MUST
BE PLACED PROMPTLY
TO INSURE DELIVERY
Don't fail to see our
large line of GIFTS
David j^Qeble
323 UNIVERSITY AVE.
KEEBLE'S
CHRISTMAS
CARDS
are Different. There is a
refreshing charm and in
dividuality about the de
signs, colorings, and gen
eral style.
ORDERS FOR ENGRAVED
GREETING CARDS MUST
BE PLACED PROMPTLY
TO INSURE DELIVERY
Don't fail to see our
large line of GIFTS
David j^Qeble
323 UNIVERSITY AVE.
KEEBLE'S
CHRISTMAS
CARDS
are Different. There is a
refreshing charm and in
dividuality about the de
signs, colorings, and gen
eral style.
ORDERS FOR ENGRAVED
GREETING CARDS MUST
BE PLACED PROMPTLY
TO INSURE DELIVERY
Don't fail to see our
large line of GIFTS
David j^Qeble
323 UNIVERSITY AVE.
KEEBLE'S
CHRISTMAS
CARDS
are Different. There is a
refreshing charm and in
dividuality about the de
signs, colorings, and gen
eral style.
ORDERS FOR ENGRAVED
GREETING CARDS MUST
BE PLACED PROMPTLY
TO INSURE DELIVERY
Don't fail to see our
large line of GIFTS
David j^Qeble
323 UNIVERSITY AVE.
KEEBLE'S
CHRISTMAS
CARDS
are Different. There is a
refreshing charm and in
dividuality about the de
signs, colorings, and gen
eral style.
ORDERS FOR ENGRAVED
GREETING CARDS MUST
BE PLACED PROMPTLY
TO INSURE DELIVERY
Don't fail to see our
large line of GIFTS
David j^Qeble
323 UNIVERSITY AVE.
KEEBLE'S
CHRISTMAS
CARDS
are Different. There is a
refreshing charm and in
dividuality about the de
signs, colorings, and gen
eral style.
ORDERS FOR ENGRAVED
GREETING CARDS MUST
BE PLACED PROMPTLY
TO INSURE DELIVERY
Don't fail to see our
large line of GIFTS
David j^Qeble
323 UNIVERSITY AVE.
KEEBLE'S
CHRISTMAS
CARDS
are Different. There is a
refreshing charm and in
dividuality about the de
signs, colorings, and gen
eral style.
ORDERS FOR ENGRAVED
GREETING CARDS MUST
BE PLACED PROMPTLY
TO INSURE DELIVERY
Don't fail to see our
large line of GIFTS
David j^Qeble
323 UNIVERSITY AVE.
KEEBLE'S
CHRISTMAS
CARDS
are Different. There is a
refreshing charm and in
dividuality about the de
signs, colorings, and gen
eral style.
ORDERS FOR ENGRAVED
GREETING CARDS MUST
BE PLACED PROMPTLY
TO INSURE DELIVERY
Don't fail to see our
large line of GIFTS
David j^Qeble
323 UNIVERSITY AVE.
KEEBLE'S
CHRISTMAS
CARDS
are Different. There is a
refreshing charm and in
dividuality about the de
signs, colorings, and gen
eral style.
ORDERS FOR ENGRAVED
GREETING CARDS MUST
BE PLACED PROMPTLY
TO INSURE DELIVERY
Don't fail to see our
large line of GIFTS
David j^Qeble
323 UNIVERSITY AVE.
KEEBLE'S
CHRISTMAS
CARDS
are Different. There is a
refreshing charm and in
dividuality about the de
signs, colorings, and gen
eral style.
ORDERS FOR ENGRAVED
GREETING CARDS MUST
BE PLACED PROMPTLY
TO INSURE DELIVERY
Don't fail to see our
large line of GIFTS
David j^Qeble
323 UNIVERSITY AVE.
KEEBLE'S
CHRISTMAS
CARDS
are Different. There is a
refreshing charm and in
dividuality about the de
signs, colorings, and gen
eral style.
ORDERS FOR ENGRAVED
GREETING CARDS MUST
BE PLACED PROMPTLY
TO INSURE DELIVERY
Don't fail to see our
large line of GIFTS
David j^Qeble
323 UNIVERSITY AVE.
