# STIMSON REPLIES TO RUSSIAN CHARGES OF U.S. UNFRIENDLINESS
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4. (#>)—'The
Soviet resentment of Secretary Stim
son's note looking toward pacification
of the Chinese-Russian troubles in
Manchuria led him tonight to assert
the right of any adherent of the Kel
logg anti-war pact to call to the at
tention of any other adherent its ob
ligations under the treaty.
Declarations that the American gov
ernment regards the pact as a cove
nant which has modified the world
attitude toward peace and that the
United States intends to shape its
own policy accordingly also were as
serted by the Secretary in a formal
statement.
With a slight ring of anger, Stim
son denounced allegations by the
Soviet government of unfriendliness
on the part of the United States re
ported to have been made by the'
Moscow authorities in thei rreply to
the American plea to China and the
Soviet for peace between them in the
Mancliurian situation.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4. (#>)—'The
Soviet resentment of Secretary Stim
son's note looking toward pacification
of the Chinese-Russian troubles in
Manchuria led him tonight to assert
the right of any adherent of the Kel
logg anti-war pact to call to the at
tention of any other adherent its ob
ligations under the treaty.
Declarations that the American gov
ernment regards the pact as a cove
nant which has modified the world
attitude toward peace and that the
United States intends to shape its
own policy accordingly also were as
serted by the Secretary in a formal
statement.
With a slight ring of anger, Stim
son denounced allegations by the
Soviet government of unfriendliness
on the part of the United States re
ported to have been made by the'
Moscow authorities in thei rreply to
the American plea to China and the
Soviet for peace between them in the
Mancliurian situation.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4. (#>)—'The
Soviet resentment of Secretary Stim
son's note looking toward pacification
of the Chinese-Russian troubles in
Manchuria led him tonight to assert
the right of any adherent of the Kel
logg anti-war pact to call to the at
tention of any other adherent its ob
ligations under the treaty.
Declarations that the American gov
ernment regards the pact as a cove
nant which has modified the world
attitude toward peace and that the
United States intends to shape its
own policy accordingly also were as
serted by the Secretary in a formal
statement.
With a slight ring of anger, Stim
son denounced allegations by the
Soviet government of unfriendliness
on the part of the United States re
ported to have been made by the'
Moscow authorities in thei rreply to
the American plea to China and the
Soviet for peace between them in the
Mancliurian situation.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4. (#>)—'The
Soviet resentment of Secretary Stim
son's note looking toward pacification
of the Chinese-Russian troubles in
Manchuria led him tonight to assert
the right of any adherent of the Kel
logg anti-war pact to call to the at
tention of any other adherent its ob
ligations under the treaty.
Declarations that the American gov
ernment regards the pact as a cove
nant which has modified the world
attitude toward peace and that the
United States intends to shape its
own policy accordingly also were as
serted by the Secretary in a formal
statement.
With a slight ring of anger, Stim
son denounced allegations by the
Soviet government of unfriendliness
on the part of the United States re
ported to have been made by the'
Moscow authorities in thei rreply to
the American plea to China and the
Soviet for peace between them in the
Mancliurian situation.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4. (#>)—'The
Soviet resentment of Secretary Stim
son's note looking toward pacification
of the Chinese-Russian troubles in
Manchuria led him tonight to assert
the right of any adherent of the Kel
logg anti-war pact to call to the at
tention of any other adherent its ob
ligations under the treaty.
Declarations that the American gov
ernment regards the pact as a cove
nant which has modified the world
attitude toward peace and that the
United States intends to shape its
own policy accordingly also were as
serted by the Secretary in a formal
statement.
With a slight ring of anger, Stim
son denounced allegations by the
Soviet government of unfriendliness
on the part of the United States re
ported to have been made by the'
Moscow authorities in thei rreply to
the American plea to China and the
Soviet for peace between them in the
Mancliurian situation.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4. (#>)—'The
Soviet resentment of Secretary Stim
son's note looking toward pacification
of the Chinese-Russian troubles in
Manchuria led him tonight to assert
the right of any adherent of the Kel
logg anti-war pact to call to the at
tention of any other adherent its ob
ligations under the treaty.
Declarations that the American gov
ernment regards the pact as a cove
nant which has modified the world
attitude toward peace and that the
United States intends to shape its
own policy accordingly also were as
serted by the Secretary in a formal
statement.
With a slight ring of anger, Stim
son denounced allegations by the
Soviet government of unfriendliness
on the part of the United States re
ported to have been made by the'
Moscow authorities in thei rreply to
the American plea to China and the
Soviet for peace between them in the
Mancliurian situation.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4. (#>)—'The
Soviet resentment of Secretary Stim
son's note looking toward pacification
of the Chinese-Russian troubles in
Manchuria led him tonight to assert
the right of any adherent of the Kel
logg anti-war pact to call to the at
tention of any other adherent its ob
ligations under the treaty.
Declarations that the American gov
ernment regards the pact as a cove
nant which has modified the world
attitude toward peace and that the
United States intends to shape its
own policy accordingly also were as
serted by the Secretary in a formal
statement.
With a slight ring of anger, Stim
son denounced allegations by the
Soviet government of unfriendliness
on the part of the United States re
ported to have been made by the'
Moscow authorities in thei rreply to
the American plea to China and the
Soviet for peace between them in the
Mancliurian situation.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4. (#>)—'The
Soviet resentment of Secretary Stim
son's note looking toward pacification
of the Chinese-Russian troubles in
Manchuria led him tonight to assert
the right of any adherent of the Kel
logg anti-war pact to call to the at
tention of any other adherent its ob
ligations under the treaty.
Declarations that the American gov
ernment regards the pact as a cove
nant which has modified the world
attitude toward peace and that the
United States intends to shape its
own policy accordingly also were as
serted by the Secretary in a formal
statement.
With a slight ring of anger, Stim
son denounced allegations by the
Soviet government of unfriendliness
on the part of the United States re
ported to have been made by the'
Moscow authorities in thei rreply to
the American plea to China and the
Soviet for peace between them in the
Mancliurian situation.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4. (#>)—'The
Soviet resentment of Secretary Stim
son's note looking toward pacification
of the Chinese-Russian troubles in
Manchuria led him tonight to assert
the right of any adherent of the Kel
logg anti-war pact to call to the at
tention of any other adherent its ob
ligations under the treaty.
Declarations that the American gov
ernment regards the pact as a cove
nant which has modified the world
attitude toward peace and that the
United States intends to shape its
own policy accordingly also were as
serted by the Secretary in a formal
statement.
With a slight ring of anger, Stim
son denounced allegations by the
Soviet government of unfriendliness
on the part of the United States re
ported to have been made by the'
Moscow authorities in thei rreply to
the American plea to China and the
Soviet for peace between them in the
Mancliurian situation.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4. (#>)—'The
Soviet resentment of Secretary Stim
son's note looking toward pacification
of the Chinese-Russian troubles in
Manchuria led him tonight to assert
the right of any adherent of the Kel
logg anti-war pact to call to the at
tention of any other adherent its ob
ligations under the treaty.
Declarations that the American gov
ernment regards the pact as a cove
nant which has modified the world
attitude toward peace and that the
United States intends to shape its
own policy accordingly also were as
serted by the Secretary in a formal
statement.
With a slight ring of anger, Stim
son denounced allegations by the
Soviet government of unfriendliness
on the part of the United States re
ported to have been made by the'
Moscow authorities in thei rreply to
the American plea to China and the
Soviet for peace between them in the
Mancliurian situation.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4. (#>)—'The
Soviet resentment of Secretary Stim
son's note looking toward pacification
of the Chinese-Russian troubles in
Manchuria led him tonight to assert
the right of any adherent of the Kel
logg anti-war pact to call to the at
tention of any other adherent its ob
ligations under the treaty.
Declarations that the American gov
ernment regards the pact as a cove
nant which has modified the world
attitude toward peace and that the
United States intends to shape its
own policy accordingly also were as
serted by the Secretary in a formal
statement.
With a slight ring of anger, Stim
son denounced allegations by the
Soviet government of unfriendliness
on the part of the United States re
ported to have been made by the'
Moscow authorities in thei rreply to
the American plea to China and the
Soviet for peace between them in the
Mancliurian situation.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4. (#>)—'The
Soviet resentment of Secretary Stim
son's note looking toward pacification
of the Chinese-Russian troubles in
Manchuria led him tonight to assert
the right of any adherent of the Kel
logg anti-war pact to call to the at
tention of any other adherent its ob
ligations under the treaty.
Declarations that the American gov
ernment regards the pact as a cove
nant which has modified the world
attitude toward peace and that the
United States intends to shape its
own policy accordingly also were as
serted by the Secretary in a formal
statement.
With a slight ring of anger, Stim
son denounced allegations by the
Soviet government of unfriendliness
on the part of the United States re
ported to have been made by the'
Moscow authorities in thei rreply to
the American plea to China and the
Soviet for peace between them in the
Mancliurian situation.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4. (#>)—'The
Soviet resentment of Secretary Stim
son's note looking toward pacification
of the Chinese-Russian troubles in
Manchuria led him tonight to assert
the right of any adherent of the Kel
logg anti-war pact to call to the at
tention of any other adherent its ob
ligations under the treaty.
Declarations that the American gov
ernment regards the pact as a cove
nant which has modified the world
attitude toward peace and that the
United States intends to shape its
own policy accordingly also were as
serted by the Secretary in a formal
statement.
With a slight ring of anger, Stim
son denounced allegations by the
Soviet government of unfriendliness
on the part of the United States re
ported to have been made by the'
Moscow authorities in thei rreply to
the American plea to China and the
Soviet for peace between them in the
Mancliurian situation.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4. (#>)—'The
Soviet resentment of Secretary Stim
son's note looking toward pacification
of the Chinese-Russian troubles in
Manchuria led him tonight to assert
the right of any adherent of the Kel
logg anti-war pact to call to the at
tention of any other adherent its ob
ligations under the treaty.
Declarations that the American gov
ernment regards the pact as a cove
nant which has modified the world
attitude toward peace and that the
United States intends to shape its
own policy accordingly also were as
serted by the Secretary in a formal
statement.
With a slight ring of anger, Stim
son denounced allegations by the
Soviet government of unfriendliness
on the part of the United States re
ported to have been made by the'
Moscow authorities in thei rreply to
the American plea to China and the
Soviet for peace between them in the
Mancliurian situation.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4. (#>)—'The
Soviet resentment of Secretary Stim
son's note looking toward pacification
of the Chinese-Russian troubles in
Manchuria led him tonight to assert
the right of any adherent of the Kel
logg anti-war pact to call to the at
tention of any other adherent its ob
ligations under the treaty.
Declarations that the American gov
ernment regards the pact as a cove
nant which has modified the world
attitude toward peace and that the
United States intends to shape its
own policy accordingly also were as
serted by the Secretary in a formal
statement.
With a slight ring of anger, Stim
son denounced allegations by the
Soviet government of unfriendliness
on the part of the United States re
ported to have been made by the'
Moscow authorities in thei rreply to
the American plea to China and the
Soviet for peace between them in the
Mancliurian situation.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4. (#>)—'The
Soviet resentment of Secretary Stim
son's note looking toward pacification
of the Chinese-Russian troubles in
Manchuria led him tonight to assert
the right of any adherent of the Kel
logg anti-war pact to call to the at
tention of any other adherent its ob
ligations under the treaty.
Declarations that the American gov
ernment regards the pact as a cove
nant which has modified the world
attitude toward peace and that the
United States intends to shape its
own policy accordingly also were as
serted by the Secretary in a formal
statement.
With a slight ring of anger, Stim
son denounced allegations by the
Soviet government of unfriendliness
on the part of the United States re
ported to have been made by the'
Moscow authorities in thei rreply to
the American plea to China and the
Soviet for peace between them in the
Mancliurian situation.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4. (#>)—'The
Soviet resentment of Secretary Stim
son's note looking toward pacification
of the Chinese-Russian troubles in
Manchuria led him tonight to assert
the right of any adherent of the Kel
logg anti-war pact to call to the at
tention of any other adherent its ob
ligations under the treaty.
Declarations that the American gov
ernment regards the pact as a cove
nant which has modified the world
attitude toward peace and that the
United States intends to shape its
own policy accordingly also were as
serted by the Secretary in a formal
statement.
With a slight ring of anger, Stim
son denounced allegations by the
Soviet government of unfriendliness
on the part of the United States re
ported to have been made by the'
Moscow authorities in thei rreply to
the American plea to China and the
Soviet for peace between them in the
Mancliurian situation.
