# DRIVE STARTS TODAY FOR CAMPUS SALE OF TUBERCULOSIS STAMPS
## 
### 
Annual sale of Tuberculosis Associa
tion Christmas Seals will start on
the campus today and continue for a
week. The proceeds of the drive go to
the Stanford Rest Homes, created for
students in need of special rest and
care.
"A fair contribution from every
member of the cam' us will give this
drive a substantial return and at the
same time will not cause any hard
ship on any one person," believes
Stan Mullen, men's chairman.
Stamps have been distributed to the
halls and houses. The women's sale is
being conducted by Lillian Schuck
under the following committee: Ger
trude Laidlaw, Ruth Lockett, Peggy
Ball, Margaret Kempenick, Aileen Ald-
w r ell, Ann Hightower, and Joan
Nourse. Irving Rosenblatt and Doug
lass Gregg are working under Stan
Mullen.
