# NEW FACILITIES WILL ASSIST SPECTROSCOPY AND X-RAY RESEARCH
## 
### 
vNew facilities recently added to the
Physics Department will give research
workers in the fields of spectroscopy
and X-rays unusual opportunities in
the development of new material, ac
cording to Professor D. L. Webster,
executive head of the department.
"Of particular value in the consum
mation of research in X-rays is an
outfit for the production and control
of direct current at high voltages up
to 200,000 volts, which may be fairly
described as unequalled in its ac
curacy of operation," Webster de
clared.
The addition of the new apparatus
will enable the department to take
up, with greater completeness, prob
lems in sub-atomic processes related
to the emission of light and the ef
fects of light on living cells.
"These facilities, with the experi
ence gained in their development,
have already enabled us to attain re
sults of high grade in this rather for
bidding field, and offer great possi
bilities for the future," he said.
Much of the new machinery, includ
ing spectographs, densitometers, and
apparatus for the control of high tem
peratures has been designed and built
in the laboratory shops under the di
rection of the department faculty.

Some of the instruments have never
been duplicated and represent an
enormous intrinsic value.
To protect students engaged in work
on X-rays, a number of "houses" have
been built of thick sheets of lead

which is impervious to the powerful
rays. X-ray burns resemble cancer iu
J character, and as yet no cure has
been developed, save amputation,
which is not always successful in pre
j venting the spread of the injury.
