# STANFORD DAMES MEET
## 
### 
The Stanford Dames have planned a
seasonal program for their annual
Christmas Party to be held at 3 o'clock
this afternoon in the Women's Club
house. Children of the members have
been invited to attend and there will
be gifts on the Christmas tree for
them.
The Stanford Dames have planned a
seasonal program for their annual
Christmas Party to be held at 3 o'clock
this afternoon in the Women's Club
house. Children of the members have
been invited to attend and there will
be gifts on the Christmas tree for
them.
The Stanford Dames have planned a
seasonal program for their annual
Christmas Party to be held at 3 o'clock
this afternoon in the Women's Club
house. Children of the members have
been invited to attend and there will
be gifts on the Christmas tree for
them.
The Stanford Dames have planned a
seasonal program for their annual
Christmas Party to be held at 3 o'clock
this afternoon in the Women's Club
house. Children of the members have
been invited to attend and there will
be gifts on the Christmas tree for
them.
The Stanford Dames have planned a
seasonal program for their annual
Christmas Party to be held at 3 o'clock
this afternoon in the Women's Club
house. Children of the members have
been invited to attend and there will
be gifts on the Christmas tree for
them.
The Stanford Dames have planned a
seasonal program for their annual
Christmas Party to be held at 3 o'clock
this afternoon in the Women's Club
house. Children of the members have
been invited to attend and there will
be gifts on the Christmas tree for
them.
The Stanford Dames have planned a
seasonal program for their annual
Christmas Party to be held at 3 o'clock
this afternoon in the Women's Club
house. Children of the members have
been invited to attend and there will
be gifts on the Christmas tree for
them.
The Stanford Dames have planned a
seasonal program for their annual
Christmas Party to be held at 3 o'clock
this afternoon in the Women's Club
house. Children of the members have
been invited to attend and there will
be gifts on the Christmas tree for
them.
The Stanford Dames have planned a
seasonal program for their annual
Christmas Party to be held at 3 o'clock
this afternoon in the Women's Club
house. Children of the members have
been invited to attend and there will
be gifts on the Christmas tree for
them.
The Stanford Dames have planned a
seasonal program for their annual
Christmas Party to be held at 3 o'clock
this afternoon in the Women's Club
house. Children of the members have
been invited to attend and there will
be gifts on the Christmas tree for
them.
The Stanford Dames have planned a
seasonal program for their annual
Christmas Party to be held at 3 o'clock
this afternoon in the Women's Club
house. Children of the members have
been invited to attend and there will
be gifts on the Christmas tree for
them.
The Stanford Dames have planned a
seasonal program for their annual
Christmas Party to be held at 3 o'clock
this afternoon in the Women's Club
house. Children of the members have
been invited to attend and there will
be gifts on the Christmas tree for
them.
The Stanford Dames have planned a
seasonal program for their annual
Christmas Party to be held at 3 o'clock
this afternoon in the Women's Club
house. Children of the members have
been invited to attend and there will
be gifts on the Christmas tree for
them.
The Stanford Dames have planned a
seasonal program for their annual
Christmas Party to be held at 3 o'clock
this afternoon in the Women's Club
house. Children of the members have
been invited to attend and there will
be gifts on the Christmas tree for
them.
The Stanford Dames have planned a
seasonal program for their annual
Christmas Party to be held at 3 o'clock
this afternoon in the Women's Club
house. Children of the members have
been invited to attend and there will
be gifts on the Christmas tree for
them.
The Stanford Dames have planned a
seasonal program for their annual
Christmas Party to be held at 3 o'clock
this afternoon in the Women's Club
house. Children of the members have
been invited to attend and there will
be gifts on the Christmas tree for
them.
The Stanford Dames have planned a
seasonal program for their annual
Christmas Party to be held at 3 o'clock
this afternoon in the Women's Club
house. Children of the members have
been invited to attend and there will
be gifts on the Christmas tree for
them.
