# General Electric To Show Chemistry Film Saturday
## 
### 
"Oil Films on Water," a talking
film by Dr. Irving Langmuir of the
General Electric Company, Scjienec
tady, New York, will be shown at the
New Stanford Theatre in Palo Alto
Saturday morning, December 7, at
11:15 o'clock. The picture is being
sponsored by the department of chem
istry at Stanford and will be open to
the public free of charge.
The film is an attempt to give an
experimental demonstration of the
classical researches on this subject.
The General Electric Company has re
corded talking films of several emi
nent scientists, such as Sir J. J.
Thomson, Sir Ernest Rutherford, and
Madame Curie, describing the discov
eries which have made them interna
tionally famous. Dr. Langmuir's film
is one of this series.
