# STANFORD PRESS BOOKS GO TO CUSTOMERS IN THIRTY-SIX COUNTRIES
## 
### 
Stanford books went to thirty-six
different countries throughout the
world last year, according to a report
of the University Press in the holiday
number of the "Bookworm," which is
just out. Japan is the best foreign
customer, more than half of the total
sales going to that country.
In the United States, California
and New York are the two best cus
tomers. California leads by virtue of
the publication of certain books lim
ited to sale in that state. Per capita
of population, the Pacific states pro
vide the best market. Delaware is at
the bottom of the list, with South
Carolina and Vermont next. Southern
states generally are poor customers;
the states in line from Massachusetts
to Illinois, and continuing through
Missouri, Oklahoma, and Texas are
among the best.
Three-fourths of the total sales go
through the bookstores. Half of the
total was for trade and reference
books; more than a third went for
school use; the balance was divided
between public libraries, individual
orders direct to the Press, and miscel
laneous groups, said the report.
