# FACULTY CLUB MEETING
## 
### 
Informal entertainment is the pro
gram for the monthly meeting of the
Faculty Club to be held Friday eve
ning in the Faculty Clubhouse, accord
ing to C. V. Parks, secretary of the
club.
Informal entertainment is the pro
gram for the monthly meeting of the
Faculty Club to be held Friday eve
ning in the Faculty Clubhouse, accord
ing to C. V. Parks, secretary of the
club.
Informal entertainment is the pro
gram for the monthly meeting of the
Faculty Club to be held Friday eve
ning in the Faculty Clubhouse, accord
ing to C. V. Parks, secretary of the
club.
Informal entertainment is the pro
gram for the monthly meeting of the
Faculty Club to be held Friday eve
ning in the Faculty Clubhouse, accord
ing to C. V. Parks, secretary of the
club.
Informal entertainment is the pro
gram for the monthly meeting of the
Faculty Club to be held Friday eve
ning in the Faculty Clubhouse, accord
ing to C. V. Parks, secretary of the
club.
Informal entertainment is the pro
gram for the monthly meeting of the
Faculty Club to be held Friday eve
ning in the Faculty Clubhouse, accord
ing to C. V. Parks, secretary of the
club.
Informal entertainment is the pro
gram for the monthly meeting of the
Faculty Club to be held Friday eve
ning in the Faculty Clubhouse, accord
ing to C. V. Parks, secretary of the
club.
Informal entertainment is the pro
gram for the monthly meeting of the
Faculty Club to be held Friday eve
ning in the Faculty Clubhouse, accord
ing to C. V. Parks, secretary of the
club.
Informal entertainment is the pro
gram for the monthly meeting of the
Faculty Club to be held Friday eve
ning in the Faculty Clubhouse, accord
ing to C. V. Parks, secretary of the
club.
Informal entertainment is the pro
gram for the monthly meeting of the
Faculty Club to be held Friday eve
ning in the Faculty Clubhouse, accord
ing to C. V. Parks, secretary of the
club.
Informal entertainment is the pro
gram for the monthly meeting of the
Faculty Club to be held Friday eve
ning in the Faculty Clubhouse, accord
ing to C. V. Parks, secretary of the
club.
Informal entertainment is the pro
gram for the monthly meeting of the
Faculty Club to be held Friday eve
ning in the Faculty Clubhouse, accord
ing to C. V. Parks, secretary of the
club.
Informal entertainment is the pro
gram for the monthly meeting of the
Faculty Club to be held Friday eve
ning in the Faculty Clubhouse, accord
ing to C. V. Parks, secretary of the
club.
Informal entertainment is the pro
gram for the monthly meeting of the
Faculty Club to be held Friday eve
ning in the Faculty Clubhouse, accord
ing to C. V. Parks, secretary of the
club.
Informal entertainment is the pro
gram for the monthly meeting of the
Faculty Club to be held Friday eve
ning in the Faculty Clubhouse, accord
ing to C. V. Parks, secretary of the
club.
Informal entertainment is the pro
gram for the monthly meeting of the
Faculty Club to be held Friday eve
ning in the Faculty Clubhouse, accord
ing to C. V. Parks, secretary of the
club.
Informal entertainment is the pro
gram for the monthly meeting of the
Faculty Club to be held Friday eve
ning in the Faculty Clubhouse, accord
ing to C. V. Parks, secretary of the
club.
