# DR. STAUF TO SPEAK
## 
### 
Dr. Ida Stauf, professor in the Ro
manic Languages Department, will be
the chief speaker at a meeting oi the
French club, "Le Cercle Frant-ais,"
tonight at 8:30 in Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. Ida Stauf, professor in the Ro
manic Languages Department, will be
the chief speaker at a meeting oi the
French club, "Le Cercle Frant-ais,"
tonight at 8:30 in Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. Ida Stauf, professor in the Ro
manic Languages Department, will be
the chief speaker at a meeting oi the
French club, "Le Cercle Frant-ais,"
tonight at 8:30 in Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. Ida Stauf, professor in the Ro
manic Languages Department, will be
the chief speaker at a meeting oi the
French club, "Le Cercle Frant-ais,"
tonight at 8:30 in Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. Ida Stauf, professor in the Ro
manic Languages Department, will be
the chief speaker at a meeting oi the
French club, "Le Cercle Frant-ais,"
tonight at 8:30 in Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. Ida Stauf, professor in the Ro
manic Languages Department, will be
the chief speaker at a meeting oi the
French club, "Le Cercle Frant-ais,"
tonight at 8:30 in Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. Ida Stauf, professor in the Ro
manic Languages Department, will be
the chief speaker at a meeting oi the
French club, "Le Cercle Frant-ais,"
tonight at 8:30 in Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. Ida Stauf, professor in the Ro
manic Languages Department, will be
the chief speaker at a meeting oi the
French club, "Le Cercle Frant-ais,"
tonight at 8:30 in Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. Ida Stauf, professor in the Ro
manic Languages Department, will be
the chief speaker at a meeting oi the
French club, "Le Cercle Frant-ais,"
tonight at 8:30 in Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. Ida Stauf, professor in the Ro
manic Languages Department, will be
the chief speaker at a meeting oi the
French club, "Le Cercle Frant-ais,"
tonight at 8:30 in Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. Ida Stauf, professor in the Ro
manic Languages Department, will be
the chief speaker at a meeting oi the
French club, "Le Cercle Frant-ais,"
tonight at 8:30 in Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. Ida Stauf, professor in the Ro
manic Languages Department, will be
the chief speaker at a meeting oi the
French club, "Le Cercle Frant-ais,"
tonight at 8:30 in Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. Ida Stauf, professor in the Ro
manic Languages Department, will be
the chief speaker at a meeting oi the
French club, "Le Cercle Frant-ais,"
tonight at 8:30 in Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. Ida Stauf, professor in the Ro
manic Languages Department, will be
the chief speaker at a meeting oi the
French club, "Le Cercle Frant-ais,"
tonight at 8:30 in Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. Ida Stauf, professor in the Ro
manic Languages Department, will be
the chief speaker at a meeting oi the
French club, "Le Cercle Frant-ais,"
tonight at 8:30 in Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. Ida Stauf, professor in the Ro
manic Languages Department, will be
the chief speaker at a meeting oi the
French club, "Le Cercle Frant-ais,"
tonight at 8:30 in Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. Ida Stauf, professor in the Ro
manic Languages Department, will be
the chief speaker at a meeting oi the
French club, "Le Cercle Frant-ais,"
tonight at 8:30 in Women's Clubhouse.
