# EPISCOPAL BISHOP TO PREACH IN MEMORIAL CHURCH DEC. 8 AND 15
## 
### 
Opening an eight-day stay at Stan
ford, the Right Reverend John Thom
son Dallas, Episcopal Bishop of New
Hampshire, will preach in the Me
morial Church at 11 o'clock Sunday
morning.
After taking his B.A. at Yale in
1904, Bishop Dallas held many church
offices. During the war he did reli
gious work, and from 1925 to 1926 he
was vicar of St. Paul's Cathedral of
Boston. His greatest fame is as a
student worker, this work of minister
ing to college students at Dartmouth
from 1920 to 1925 being so notable
that it led to his elevation to the
episcopate.
Bishop Dallas' program at Stanford
includes open conferences for all stu
dents Tuesday and Wednesday nights
in the vestry of the Memorial Church.
On Sunday, December 15, he will
again preach the morning sermon.
