# December 10 Deadline For Mural Track Meet Entries
## 
### 
All participants in the annual fall
intramural track meet must sign up
at the Encina Gym bulletin board by
December 10. Trials will be run off
on Wednesday. Finals will be held on
Thursday and Friday. All men are eli
gible except track letter men and
those who made their freshman nu
merals in track last year. Those en
tering can sign up independently or
in teams. An award will be presented
to the winning team.
All participants in the annual fall
intramural track meet must sign up
at the Encina Gym bulletin board by
December 10. Trials will be run off
on Wednesday. Finals will be held on
Thursday and Friday. All men are eli
gible except track letter men and
those who made their freshman nu
merals in track last year. Those en
tering can sign up independently or
in teams. An award will be presented
to the winning team.
All participants in the annual fall
intramural track meet must sign up
at the Encina Gym bulletin board by
December 10. Trials will be run off
on Wednesday. Finals will be held on
Thursday and Friday. All men are eli
gible except track letter men and
those who made their freshman nu
merals in track last year. Those en
tering can sign up independently or
in teams. An award will be presented
to the winning team.
All participants in the annual fall
intramural track meet must sign up
at the Encina Gym bulletin board by
December 10. Trials will be run off
on Wednesday. Finals will be held on
Thursday and Friday. All men are eli
gible except track letter men and
those who made their freshman nu
merals in track last year. Those en
tering can sign up independently or
in teams. An award will be presented
to the winning team.
All participants in the annual fall
intramural track meet must sign up
at the Encina Gym bulletin board by
December 10. Trials will be run off
on Wednesday. Finals will be held on
Thursday and Friday. All men are eli
gible except track letter men and
those who made their freshman nu
merals in track last year. Those en
tering can sign up independently or
in teams. An award will be presented
to the winning team.
All participants in the annual fall
intramural track meet must sign up
at the Encina Gym bulletin board by
December 10. Trials will be run off
on Wednesday. Finals will be held on
Thursday and Friday. All men are eli
gible except track letter men and
those who made their freshman nu
merals in track last year. Those en
tering can sign up independently or
in teams. An award will be presented
to the winning team.
All participants in the annual fall
intramural track meet must sign up
at the Encina Gym bulletin board by
December 10. Trials will be run off
on Wednesday. Finals will be held on
Thursday and Friday. All men are eli
gible except track letter men and
those who made their freshman nu
merals in track last year. Those en
tering can sign up independently or
in teams. An award will be presented
to the winning team.
All participants in the annual fall
intramural track meet must sign up
at the Encina Gym bulletin board by
December 10. Trials will be run off
on Wednesday. Finals will be held on
Thursday and Friday. All men are eli
gible except track letter men and
those who made their freshman nu
merals in track last year. Those en
tering can sign up independently or
in teams. An award will be presented
to the winning team.
All participants in the annual fall
intramural track meet must sign up
at the Encina Gym bulletin board by
December 10. Trials will be run off
on Wednesday. Finals will be held on
Thursday and Friday. All men are eli
gible except track letter men and
those who made their freshman nu
merals in track last year. Those en
tering can sign up independently or
in teams. An award will be presented
to the winning team.
All participants in the annual fall
intramural track meet must sign up
at the Encina Gym bulletin board by
December 10. Trials will be run off
on Wednesday. Finals will be held on
Thursday and Friday. All men are eli
gible except track letter men and
those who made their freshman nu
merals in track last year. Those en
tering can sign up independently or
in teams. An award will be presented
to the winning team.
All participants in the annual fall
intramural track meet must sign up
at the Encina Gym bulletin board by
December 10. Trials will be run off
on Wednesday. Finals will be held on
Thursday and Friday. All men are eli
gible except track letter men and
those who made their freshman nu
merals in track last year. Those en
tering can sign up independently or
in teams. An award will be presented
to the winning team.
All participants in the annual fall
intramural track meet must sign up
at the Encina Gym bulletin board by
December 10. Trials will be run off
on Wednesday. Finals will be held on
Thursday and Friday. All men are eli
gible except track letter men and
those who made their freshman nu
merals in track last year. Those en
tering can sign up independently or
in teams. An award will be presented
to the winning team.
All participants in the annual fall
intramural track meet must sign up
at the Encina Gym bulletin board by
December 10. Trials will be run off
on Wednesday. Finals will be held on
Thursday and Friday. All men are eli
gible except track letter men and
those who made their freshman nu
merals in track last year. Those en
tering can sign up independently or
in teams. An award will be presented
to the winning team.
All participants in the annual fall
intramural track meet must sign up
at the Encina Gym bulletin board by
December 10. Trials will be run off
on Wednesday. Finals will be held on
Thursday and Friday. All men are eli
gible except track letter men and
those who made their freshman nu
merals in track last year. Those en
tering can sign up independently or
in teams. An award will be presented
to the winning team.
All participants in the annual fall
intramural track meet must sign up
at the Encina Gym bulletin board by
December 10. Trials will be run off
on Wednesday. Finals will be held on
Thursday and Friday. All men are eli
gible except track letter men and
those who made their freshman nu
merals in track last year. Those en
tering can sign up independently or
in teams. An award will be presented
to the winning team.
All participants in the annual fall
intramural track meet must sign up
at the Encina Gym bulletin board by
December 10. Trials will be run off
on Wednesday. Finals will be held on
Thursday and Friday. All men are eli
gible except track letter men and
those who made their freshman nu
merals in track last year. Those en
tering can sign up independently or
in teams. An award will be presented
to the winning team.
All participants in the annual fall
intramural track meet must sign up
at the Encina Gym bulletin board by
December 10. Trials will be run off
on Wednesday. Finals will be held on
Thursday and Friday. All men are eli
gible except track letter men and
those who made their freshman nu
merals in track last year. Those en
tering can sign up independently or
in teams. An award will be presented
to the winning team.
