# ENGLAND'S QUEEN VISITS WORKMAN'S HUMBLE QUARTERS
## 
### 
LONDON, May 8. (A 3 ) An
unemployed lighterman, with
his wife in a hospital and lit
tle chance of getting a job, to
day entertainod Queen Mary
in a humble Hat, of London's
East End.
A police inspector knocked
on the door of the flat. "The
Queen would like to see your
house," said the inspector.
"Certainly," gasped the job
less lighterman, and he es
corted the Queen inside. She
showed great interest and
talked to me man, who re
marked that, he was out of
work, but was still hunting.
"That's a pity," sympathized
Her Majesty. "I hope you get
work soon."
She shook hands with the
workman and he is still trying
to convince himself that it
wasn't all a dream.
LONDON, May 8. (A 3 ) An
unemployed lighterman, with
his wife in a hospital and lit
tle chance of getting a job, to
day entertainod Queen Mary
in a humble Hat, of London's
East End.
A police inspector knocked
on the door of the flat. "The
Queen would like to see your
house," said the inspector.
"Certainly," gasped the job
less lighterman, and he es
corted the Queen inside. She
showed great interest and
talked to me man, who re
marked that, he was out of
work, but was still hunting.
"That's a pity," sympathized
Her Majesty. "I hope you get
work soon."
She shook hands with the
workman and he is still trying
to convince himself that it
wasn't all a dream.
LONDON, May 8. (A 3 ) An
unemployed lighterman, with
his wife in a hospital and lit
tle chance of getting a job, to
day entertainod Queen Mary
in a humble Hat, of London's
East End.
A police inspector knocked
on the door of the flat. "The
Queen would like to see your
house," said the inspector.
"Certainly," gasped the job
less lighterman, and he es
corted the Queen inside. She
showed great interest and
talked to me man, who re
marked that, he was out of
work, but was still hunting.
"That's a pity," sympathized
Her Majesty. "I hope you get
work soon."
She shook hands with the
workman and he is still trying
to convince himself that it
wasn't all a dream.
LONDON, May 8. (A 3 ) An
unemployed lighterman, with
his wife in a hospital and lit
tle chance of getting a job, to
day entertainod Queen Mary
in a humble Hat, of London's
East End.
A police inspector knocked
on the door of the flat. "The
Queen would like to see your
house," said the inspector.
"Certainly," gasped the job
less lighterman, and he es
corted the Queen inside. She
showed great interest and
talked to me man, who re
marked that, he was out of
work, but was still hunting.
"That's a pity," sympathized
Her Majesty. "I hope you get
work soon."
She shook hands with the
workman and he is still trying
to convince himself that it
wasn't all a dream.
LONDON, May 8. (A 3 ) An
unemployed lighterman, with
his wife in a hospital and lit
tle chance of getting a job, to
day entertainod Queen Mary
in a humble Hat, of London's
East End.
A police inspector knocked
on the door of the flat. "The
Queen would like to see your
house," said the inspector.
"Certainly," gasped the job
less lighterman, and he es
corted the Queen inside. She
showed great interest and
talked to me man, who re
marked that, he was out of
work, but was still hunting.
"That's a pity," sympathized
Her Majesty. "I hope you get
work soon."
She shook hands with the
workman and he is still trying
to convince himself that it
wasn't all a dream.
LONDON, May 8. (A 3 ) An
unemployed lighterman, with
his wife in a hospital and lit
tle chance of getting a job, to
day entertainod Queen Mary
in a humble Hat, of London's
East End.
A police inspector knocked
on the door of the flat. "The
Queen would like to see your
house," said the inspector.
"Certainly," gasped the job
less lighterman, and he es
corted the Queen inside. She
showed great interest and
talked to me man, who re
marked that, he was out of
work, but was still hunting.
"That's a pity," sympathized
Her Majesty. "I hope you get
work soon."
She shook hands with the
workman and he is still trying
to convince himself that it
wasn't all a dream.
LONDON, May 8. (A 3 ) An
unemployed lighterman, with
his wife in a hospital and lit
tle chance of getting a job, to
day entertainod Queen Mary
in a humble Hat, of London's
East End.
A police inspector knocked
on the door of the flat. "The
Queen would like to see your
house," said the inspector.
"Certainly," gasped the job
less lighterman, and he es
corted the Queen inside. She
showed great interest and
talked to me man, who re
marked that, he was out of
work, but was still hunting.
"That's a pity," sympathized
Her Majesty. "I hope you get
work soon."
She shook hands with the
workman and he is still trying
to convince himself that it
wasn't all a dream.
LONDON, May 8. (A 3 ) An
unemployed lighterman, with
his wife in a hospital and lit
tle chance of getting a job, to
day entertainod Queen Mary
in a humble Hat, of London's
East End.
A police inspector knocked
on the door of the flat. "The
Queen would like to see your
house," said the inspector.
"Certainly," gasped the job
less lighterman, and he es
corted the Queen inside. She
showed great interest and
talked to me man, who re
marked that, he was out of
work, but was still hunting.
"That's a pity," sympathized
Her Majesty. "I hope you get
work soon."
She shook hands with the
workman and he is still trying
to convince himself that it
wasn't all a dream.
LONDON, May 8. (A 3 ) An
unemployed lighterman, with
his wife in a hospital and lit
tle chance of getting a job, to
day entertainod Queen Mary
in a humble Hat, of London's
East End.
A police inspector knocked
on the door of the flat. "The
Queen would like to see your
house," said the inspector.
"Certainly," gasped the job
less lighterman, and he es
corted the Queen inside. She
showed great interest and
talked to me man, who re
marked that, he was out of
work, but was still hunting.
"That's a pity," sympathized
Her Majesty. "I hope you get
work soon."
She shook hands with the
workman and he is still trying
to convince himself that it
wasn't all a dream.
LONDON, May 8. (A 3 ) An
unemployed lighterman, with
his wife in a hospital and lit
tle chance of getting a job, to
day entertainod Queen Mary
in a humble Hat, of London's
East End.
A police inspector knocked
on the door of the flat. "The
Queen would like to see your
house," said the inspector.
"Certainly," gasped the job
less lighterman, and he es
corted the Queen inside. She
showed great interest and
talked to me man, who re
marked that, he was out of
work, but was still hunting.
"That's a pity," sympathized
Her Majesty. "I hope you get
work soon."
She shook hands with the
workman and he is still trying
to convince himself that it
wasn't all a dream.
LONDON, May 8. (A 3 ) An
unemployed lighterman, with
his wife in a hospital and lit
tle chance of getting a job, to
day entertainod Queen Mary
in a humble Hat, of London's
East End.
A police inspector knocked
on the door of the flat. "The
Queen would like to see your
house," said the inspector.
"Certainly," gasped the job
less lighterman, and he es
corted the Queen inside. She
showed great interest and
talked to me man, who re
marked that, he was out of
work, but was still hunting.
"That's a pity," sympathized
Her Majesty. "I hope you get
work soon."
She shook hands with the
workman and he is still trying
to convince himself that it
wasn't all a dream.
LONDON, May 8. (A 3 ) An
unemployed lighterman, with
his wife in a hospital and lit
tle chance of getting a job, to
day entertainod Queen Mary
in a humble Hat, of London's
East End.
A police inspector knocked
on the door of the flat. "The
Queen would like to see your
house," said the inspector.
"Certainly," gasped the job
less lighterman, and he es
corted the Queen inside. She
showed great interest and
talked to me man, who re
marked that, he was out of
work, but was still hunting.
"That's a pity," sympathized
Her Majesty. "I hope you get
work soon."
She shook hands with the
workman and he is still trying
to convince himself that it
wasn't all a dream.
LONDON, May 8. (A 3 ) An
unemployed lighterman, with
his wife in a hospital and lit
tle chance of getting a job, to
day entertainod Queen Mary
in a humble Hat, of London's
East End.
A police inspector knocked
on the door of the flat. "The
Queen would like to see your
house," said the inspector.
"Certainly," gasped the job
less lighterman, and he es
corted the Queen inside. She
showed great interest and
talked to me man, who re
marked that, he was out of
work, but was still hunting.
"That's a pity," sympathized
Her Majesty. "I hope you get
work soon."
She shook hands with the
workman and he is still trying
to convince himself that it
wasn't all a dream.
LONDON, May 8. (A 3 ) An
unemployed lighterman, with
his wife in a hospital and lit
tle chance of getting a job, to
day entertainod Queen Mary
in a humble Hat, of London's
East End.
A police inspector knocked
on the door of the flat. "The
Queen would like to see your
house," said the inspector.
"Certainly," gasped the job
less lighterman, and he es
corted the Queen inside. She
showed great interest and
talked to me man, who re
marked that, he was out of
work, but was still hunting.
"That's a pity," sympathized
Her Majesty. "I hope you get
work soon."
She shook hands with the
workman and he is still trying
to convince himself that it
wasn't all a dream.
