# STANFORD TEACHER WILL VISIT HAWAII
## 
### 
Professor and Mrs. Urah'tn 11.
Stuart Kit for C/jai recently after
spending a short time on the campus
Professor Stuart has ju>t returned
from an extended trip to France and
Algiers. Trey are to sail the latter
part of tlii> month for Honolulu,
where Professor Stuart will teach at
the University of Hawaii during the
summer and fall quarters. Ile is on
sabbatical leave front the Stanford
political science department.
Professor and Mrs. Urah'tn 11.
Stuart Kit for C/jai recently after
spending a short time on the campus
Professor Stuart has ju>t returned
from an extended trip to France and
Algiers. Trey are to sail the latter
part of tlii> month for Honolulu,
where Professor Stuart will teach at
the University of Hawaii during the
summer and fall quarters. Ile is on
sabbatical leave front the Stanford
political science department.
Professor and Mrs. Urah'tn 11.
Stuart Kit for C/jai recently after
spending a short time on the campus
Professor Stuart has ju>t returned
from an extended trip to France and
Algiers. Trey are to sail the latter
part of tlii> month for Honolulu,
where Professor Stuart will teach at
the University of Hawaii during the
summer and fall quarters. Ile is on
sabbatical leave front the Stanford
political science department.
Professor and Mrs. Urah'tn 11.
Stuart Kit for C/jai recently after
spending a short time on the campus
Professor Stuart has ju>t returned
from an extended trip to France and
Algiers. Trey are to sail the latter
part of tlii> month for Honolulu,
where Professor Stuart will teach at
the University of Hawaii during the
summer and fall quarters. Ile is on
sabbatical leave front the Stanford
political science department.
Professor and Mrs. Urah'tn 11.
Stuart Kit for C/jai recently after
spending a short time on the campus
Professor Stuart has ju>t returned
from an extended trip to France and
Algiers. Trey are to sail the latter
part of tlii> month for Honolulu,
where Professor Stuart will teach at
the University of Hawaii during the
summer and fall quarters. Ile is on
sabbatical leave front the Stanford
political science department.
Professor and Mrs. Urah'tn 11.
Stuart Kit for C/jai recently after
spending a short time on the campus
Professor Stuart has ju>t returned
from an extended trip to France and
Algiers. Trey are to sail the latter
part of tlii> month for Honolulu,
where Professor Stuart will teach at
the University of Hawaii during the
summer and fall quarters. Ile is on
sabbatical leave front the Stanford
political science department.
Professor and Mrs. Urah'tn 11.
Stuart Kit for C/jai recently after
spending a short time on the campus
Professor Stuart has ju>t returned
from an extended trip to France and
Algiers. Trey are to sail the latter
part of tlii> month for Honolulu,
where Professor Stuart will teach at
the University of Hawaii during the
summer and fall quarters. Ile is on
sabbatical leave front the Stanford
political science department.
Professor and Mrs. Urah'tn 11.
Stuart Kit for C/jai recently after
spending a short time on the campus
Professor Stuart has ju>t returned
from an extended trip to France and
Algiers. Trey are to sail the latter
part of tlii> month for Honolulu,
where Professor Stuart will teach at
the University of Hawaii during the
summer and fall quarters. Ile is on
sabbatical leave front the Stanford
political science department.
Professor and Mrs. Urah'tn 11.
Stuart Kit for C/jai recently after
spending a short time on the campus
Professor Stuart has ju>t returned
from an extended trip to France and
Algiers. Trey are to sail the latter
part of tlii> month for Honolulu,
where Professor Stuart will teach at
the University of Hawaii during the
summer and fall quarters. Ile is on
sabbatical leave front the Stanford
political science department.
Professor and Mrs. Urah'tn 11.
Stuart Kit for C/jai recently after
spending a short time on the campus
Professor Stuart has ju>t returned
from an extended trip to France and
Algiers. Trey are to sail the latter
part of tlii> month for Honolulu,
where Professor Stuart will teach at
the University of Hawaii during the
summer and fall quarters. Ile is on
sabbatical leave front the Stanford
political science department.
Professor and Mrs. Urah'tn 11.
Stuart Kit for C/jai recently after
spending a short time on the campus
Professor Stuart has ju>t returned
from an extended trip to France and
Algiers. Trey are to sail the latter
part of tlii> month for Honolulu,
where Professor Stuart will teach at
the University of Hawaii during the
summer and fall quarters. Ile is on
sabbatical leave front the Stanford
political science department.
Professor and Mrs. Urah'tn 11.
Stuart Kit for C/jai recently after
spending a short time on the campus
Professor Stuart has ju>t returned
from an extended trip to France and
Algiers. Trey are to sail the latter
part of tlii> month for Honolulu,
where Professor Stuart will teach at
the University of Hawaii during the
summer and fall quarters. Ile is on
sabbatical leave front the Stanford
political science department.
Professor and Mrs. Urah'tn 11.
Stuart Kit for C/jai recently after
spending a short time on the campus
Professor Stuart has ju>t returned
from an extended trip to France and
Algiers. Trey are to sail the latter
part of tlii> month for Honolulu,
where Professor Stuart will teach at
the University of Hawaii during the
summer and fall quarters. Ile is on
sabbatical leave front the Stanford
political science department.
Professor and Mrs. Urah'tn 11.
Stuart Kit for C/jai recently after
spending a short time on the campus
Professor Stuart has ju>t returned
from an extended trip to France and
Algiers. Trey are to sail the latter
part of tlii> month for Honolulu,
where Professor Stuart will teach at
the University of Hawaii during the
summer and fall quarters. Ile is on
sabbatical leave front the Stanford
political science department.
