# MATHEMATICS PICNIC
## 
### 
The annual barbecue picnic of
mathematics major students will be
held at Scatsville Lake tomorrow af
ternoon. Students will meet at 11:30
o'clock at the geology corner. Ar
rangements are in charge of {Catherine
Thorpe.
The annual barbecue picnic of
mathematics major students will be
held at Scatsville Lake tomorrow af
ternoon. Students will meet at 11:30
o'clock at the geology corner. Ar
rangements are in charge of {Catherine
Thorpe.
The annual barbecue picnic of
mathematics major students will be
held at Scatsville Lake tomorrow af
ternoon. Students will meet at 11:30
o'clock at the geology corner. Ar
rangements are in charge of {Catherine
Thorpe.
The annual barbecue picnic of
mathematics major students will be
held at Scatsville Lake tomorrow af
ternoon. Students will meet at 11:30
o'clock at the geology corner. Ar
rangements are in charge of {Catherine
Thorpe.
The annual barbecue picnic of
mathematics major students will be
held at Scatsville Lake tomorrow af
ternoon. Students will meet at 11:30
o'clock at the geology corner. Ar
rangements are in charge of {Catherine
Thorpe.
The annual barbecue picnic of
mathematics major students will be
held at Scatsville Lake tomorrow af
ternoon. Students will meet at 11:30
o'clock at the geology corner. Ar
rangements are in charge of {Catherine
Thorpe.
The annual barbecue picnic of
mathematics major students will be
held at Scatsville Lake tomorrow af
ternoon. Students will meet at 11:30
o'clock at the geology corner. Ar
rangements are in charge of {Catherine
Thorpe.
The annual barbecue picnic of
mathematics major students will be
held at Scatsville Lake tomorrow af
ternoon. Students will meet at 11:30
o'clock at the geology corner. Ar
rangements are in charge of {Catherine
Thorpe.
The annual barbecue picnic of
mathematics major students will be
held at Scatsville Lake tomorrow af
ternoon. Students will meet at 11:30
o'clock at the geology corner. Ar
rangements are in charge of {Catherine
Thorpe.
The annual barbecue picnic of
mathematics major students will be
held at Scatsville Lake tomorrow af
ternoon. Students will meet at 11:30
o'clock at the geology corner. Ar
rangements are in charge of {Catherine
Thorpe.
The annual barbecue picnic of
mathematics major students will be
held at Scatsville Lake tomorrow af
ternoon. Students will meet at 11:30
o'clock at the geology corner. Ar
rangements are in charge of {Catherine
Thorpe.
The annual barbecue picnic of
mathematics major students will be
held at Scatsville Lake tomorrow af
ternoon. Students will meet at 11:30
o'clock at the geology corner. Ar
rangements are in charge of {Catherine
Thorpe.
The annual barbecue picnic of
mathematics major students will be
held at Scatsville Lake tomorrow af
ternoon. Students will meet at 11:30
o'clock at the geology corner. Ar
rangements are in charge of {Catherine
Thorpe.
The annual barbecue picnic of
mathematics major students will be
held at Scatsville Lake tomorrow af
ternoon. Students will meet at 11:30
o'clock at the geology corner. Ar
rangements are in charge of {Catherine
Thorpe.
