# SUMMER DEAN
## 
### 

John A. Sellards, Director of
the Summer Quarter, who is mak
ing arrangements for the summer
work at the University.

John A. Sellards, Director of
the Summer Quarter, who is mak
ing arrangements for the summer
work at the University.

John A. Sellards, Director of
the Summer Quarter, who is mak
ing arrangements for the summer
work at the University.

John A. Sellards, Director of
the Summer Quarter, who is mak
ing arrangements for the summer
work at the University.

John A. Sellards, Director of
the Summer Quarter, who is mak
ing arrangements for the summer
work at the University.

John A. Sellards, Director of
the Summer Quarter, who is mak
ing arrangements for the summer
work at the University.

John A. Sellards, Director of
the Summer Quarter, who is mak
ing arrangements for the summer
work at the University.

John A. Sellards, Director of
the Summer Quarter, who is mak
ing arrangements for the summer
work at the University.

John A. Sellards, Director of
the Summer Quarter, who is mak
ing arrangements for the summer
work at the University.

John A. Sellards, Director of
the Summer Quarter, who is mak
ing arrangements for the summer
work at the University.

John A. Sellards, Director of
the Summer Quarter, who is mak
ing arrangements for the summer
work at the University.

John A. Sellards, Director of
the Summer Quarter, who is mak
ing arrangements for the summer
work at the University.

John A. Sellards, Director of
the Summer Quarter, who is mak
ing arrangements for the summer
work at the University.

John A. Sellards, Director of
the Summer Quarter, who is mak
ing arrangements for the summer
work at the University.
