# Untitled Article
## 
### 
An attempt against the life of
the president of l'eru failed re
cently.
An attempt against the life of
the president of l'eru failed re
cently.
An attempt against the life of
the president of l'eru failed re
cently.
An attempt against the life of
the president of l'eru failed re
cently.
An attempt against the life of
the president of l'eru failed re
cently.
An attempt against the life of
the president of l'eru failed re
cently.
An attempt against the life of
the president of l'eru failed re
cently.
An attempt against the life of
the president of l'eru failed re
cently.
An attempt against the life of
the president of l'eru failed re
cently.
An attempt against the life of
the president of l'eru failed re
cently.
An attempt against the life of
the president of l'eru failed re
cently.
An attempt against the life of
the president of l'eru failed re
cently.
An attempt against the life of
the president of l'eru failed re
cently.
An attempt against the life of
the president of l'eru failed re
cently.
