# No Assembly This Week.
## 
### 
There will be no Assembly this
week, but one of the regular Uni
versity gatherings will probably be
held next Tuesday.
There will be no Assembly this
week, but one of the regular Uni
versity gatherings will probably be
held next Tuesday.
There will be no Assembly this
week, but one of the regular Uni
versity gatherings will probably be
held next Tuesday.
There will be no Assembly this
week, but one of the regular Uni
versity gatherings will probably be
held next Tuesday.
There will be no Assembly this
week, but one of the regular Uni
versity gatherings will probably be
held next Tuesday.
There will be no Assembly this
week, but one of the regular Uni
versity gatherings will probably be
held next Tuesday.
There will be no Assembly this
week, but one of the regular Uni
versity gatherings will probably be
held next Tuesday.
There will be no Assembly this
week, but one of the regular Uni
versity gatherings will probably be
held next Tuesday.
