# Capitola Conference in April.
## 
### 
Acting upon the consent of the
national conference committee,
those in charge of the annual Cap
itola conference have changed the
date from May to the mid-semester
recess, which begins on March 31st.
This change was arranged to suit
the Stanford delegates, who found
it difficult to attend the summer
conference which opened before the
final examinations were fairly over.
It is expected that about one hun
dred Stanford women will attend.
The permanence of the change of
time of the convention will depend
upon the size of the Stanford dele
gation this spring.
To those who have attended any
of the previous conferences the
mere announcement of the date is
sufficient to arouse their interest
and their determination to be pres
ent. To those who have never at
tended, the committee in charge
assures a week full of profit and
pleasure. The mornings are de
voted to Bible and mission study,
and the afternoons are given over
to receptions and out-of-door recre
ation. Delegates from all the
Pacific Coast colleges will be pres
ent, as well as those from Nevada.
The complete program for the week
is not ready to be announced yet,
but will be printed later. Miss
Bertha Cond6 and Miss Paxson,
national secretaries of conference
work, will both be present.
Acting upon the consent of the
national conference committee,
those in charge of the annual Cap
itola conference have changed the
date from May to the mid-semester
recess, which begins on March 31st.
This change was arranged to suit
the Stanford delegates, who found
it difficult to attend the summer
conference which opened before the
final examinations were fairly over.
It is expected that about one hun
dred Stanford women will attend.
The permanence of the change of
time of the convention will depend
upon the size of the Stanford dele
gation this spring.
To those who have attended any
of the previous conferences the
mere announcement of the date is
sufficient to arouse their interest
and their determination to be pres
ent. To those who have never at
tended, the committee in charge
assures a week full of profit and
pleasure. The mornings are de
voted to Bible and mission study,
and the afternoons are given over
to receptions and out-of-door recre
ation. Delegates from all the
Pacific Coast colleges will be pres
ent, as well as those from Nevada.
The complete program for the week
is not ready to be announced yet,
but will be printed later. Miss
Bertha Cond6 and Miss Paxson,
national secretaries of conference
work, will both be present.
Acting upon the consent of the
national conference committee,
those in charge of the annual Cap
itola conference have changed the
date from May to the mid-semester
recess, which begins on March 31st.
This change was arranged to suit
the Stanford delegates, who found
it difficult to attend the summer
conference which opened before the
final examinations were fairly over.
It is expected that about one hun
dred Stanford women will attend.
The permanence of the change of
time of the convention will depend
upon the size of the Stanford dele
gation this spring.
To those who have attended any
of the previous conferences the
mere announcement of the date is
sufficient to arouse their interest
and their determination to be pres
ent. To those who have never at
tended, the committee in charge
assures a week full of profit and
pleasure. The mornings are de
voted to Bible and mission study,
and the afternoons are given over
to receptions and out-of-door recre
ation. Delegates from all the
Pacific Coast colleges will be pres
ent, as well as those from Nevada.
The complete program for the week
is not ready to be announced yet,
but will be printed later. Miss
Bertha Cond6 and Miss Paxson,
national secretaries of conference
work, will both be present.
Acting upon the consent of the
national conference committee,
those in charge of the annual Cap
itola conference have changed the
date from May to the mid-semester
recess, which begins on March 31st.
This change was arranged to suit
the Stanford delegates, who found
it difficult to attend the summer
conference which opened before the
final examinations were fairly over.
It is expected that about one hun
dred Stanford women will attend.
The permanence of the change of
time of the convention will depend
upon the size of the Stanford dele
gation this spring.
To those who have attended any
of the previous conferences the
mere announcement of the date is
sufficient to arouse their interest
and their determination to be pres
ent. To those who have never at
tended, the committee in charge
assures a week full of profit and
pleasure. The mornings are de
voted to Bible and mission study,
and the afternoons are given over
to receptions and out-of-door recre
ation. Delegates from all the
Pacific Coast colleges will be pres
ent, as well as those from Nevada.
The complete program for the week
is not ready to be announced yet,
but will be printed later. Miss
Bertha Cond6 and Miss Paxson,
national secretaries of conference
work, will both be present.
Acting upon the consent of the
national conference committee,
those in charge of the annual Cap
itola conference have changed the
date from May to the mid-semester
recess, which begins on March 31st.
This change was arranged to suit
the Stanford delegates, who found
it difficult to attend the summer
conference which opened before the
final examinations were fairly over.
It is expected that about one hun
dred Stanford women will attend.
The permanence of the change of
time of the convention will depend
upon the size of the Stanford dele
gation this spring.
To those who have attended any
of the previous conferences the
mere announcement of the date is
sufficient to arouse their interest
and their determination to be pres
ent. To those who have never at
tended, the committee in charge
assures a week full of profit and
pleasure. The mornings are de
voted to Bible and mission study,
and the afternoons are given over
to receptions and out-of-door recre
ation. Delegates from all the
Pacific Coast colleges will be pres
ent, as well as those from Nevada.
The complete program for the week
is not ready to be announced yet,
but will be printed later. Miss
Bertha Cond6 and Miss Paxson,
national secretaries of conference
work, will both be present.
Acting upon the consent of the
national conference committee,
those in charge of the annual Cap
itola conference have changed the
date from May to the mid-semester
recess, which begins on March 31st.
This change was arranged to suit
the Stanford delegates, who found
it difficult to attend the summer
conference which opened before the
final examinations were fairly over.
It is expected that about one hun
dred Stanford women will attend.
The permanence of the change of
time of the convention will depend
upon the size of the Stanford dele
gation this spring.
To those who have attended any
of the previous conferences the
mere announcement of the date is
sufficient to arouse their interest
and their determination to be pres
ent. To those who have never at
tended, the committee in charge
assures a week full of profit and
pleasure. The mornings are de
voted to Bible and mission study,
and the afternoons are given over
to receptions and out-of-door recre
ation. Delegates from all the
Pacific Coast colleges will be pres
ent, as well as those from Nevada.
The complete program for the week
is not ready to be announced yet,
but will be printed later. Miss
Bertha Cond6 and Miss Paxson,
national secretaries of conference
work, will both be present.
Acting upon the consent of the
national conference committee,
those in charge of the annual Cap
itola conference have changed the
date from May to the mid-semester
recess, which begins on March 31st.
This change was arranged to suit
the Stanford delegates, who found
it difficult to attend the summer
conference which opened before the
final examinations were fairly over.
It is expected that about one hun
dred Stanford women will attend.
The permanence of the change of
time of the convention will depend
upon the size of the Stanford dele
gation this spring.
To those who have attended any
of the previous conferences the
mere announcement of the date is
sufficient to arouse their interest
and their determination to be pres
ent. To those who have never at
tended, the committee in charge
assures a week full of profit and
pleasure. The mornings are de
voted to Bible and mission study,
and the afternoons are given over
to receptions and out-of-door recre
ation. Delegates from all the
Pacific Coast colleges will be pres
ent, as well as those from Nevada.
The complete program for the week
is not ready to be announced yet,
but will be printed later. Miss
Bertha Cond6 and Miss Paxson,
national secretaries of conference
work, will both be present.
Acting upon the consent of the
national conference committee,
those in charge of the annual Cap
itola conference have changed the
date from May to the mid-semester
recess, which begins on March 31st.
This change was arranged to suit
the Stanford delegates, who found
it difficult to attend the summer
conference which opened before the
final examinations were fairly over.
It is expected that about one hun
dred Stanford women will attend.
The permanence of the change of
time of the convention will depend
upon the size of the Stanford dele
gation this spring.
To those who have attended any
of the previous conferences the
mere announcement of the date is
sufficient to arouse their interest
and their determination to be pres
ent. To those who have never at
tended, the committee in charge
assures a week full of profit and
pleasure. The mornings are de
voted to Bible and mission study,
and the afternoons are given over
to receptions and out-of-door recre
ation. Delegates from all the
Pacific Coast colleges will be pres
ent, as well as those from Nevada.
The complete program for the week
is not ready to be announced yet,
but will be printed later. Miss
Bertha Cond6 and Miss Paxson,
national secretaries of conference
work, will both be present.
