# University Bulletin.
## 
### 
Wednesday.
Signor Polacco, organ recital, 12.
English Club executive committee,
room 207, 4:30.
Science Association, 9 Salvatierra
street, 7:30.
Thursday.
Varsity vs. Pensacola Cadets, dia
mond, 3.
Wednesday.
Signor Polacco, organ recital, 12.
English Club executive committee,
room 207, 4:30.
Science Association, 9 Salvatierra
street, 7:30.
Thursday.
Varsity vs. Pensacola Cadets, dia
mond, 3.
Wednesday.
Signor Polacco, organ recital, 12.
English Club executive committee,
room 207, 4:30.
Science Association, 9 Salvatierra
street, 7:30.
Thursday.
Varsity vs. Pensacola Cadets, dia
mond, 3.
Wednesday.
Signor Polacco, organ recital, 12.
English Club executive committee,
room 207, 4:30.
Science Association, 9 Salvatierra
street, 7:30.
Thursday.
Varsity vs. Pensacola Cadets, dia
mond, 3.
Wednesday.
Signor Polacco, organ recital, 12.
English Club executive committee,
room 207, 4:30.
Science Association, 9 Salvatierra
street, 7:30.
Thursday.
Varsity vs. Pensacola Cadets, dia
mond, 3.
Wednesday.
Signor Polacco, organ recital, 12.
English Club executive committee,
room 207, 4:30.
Science Association, 9 Salvatierra
street, 7:30.
Thursday.
Varsity vs. Pensacola Cadets, dia
mond, 3.
Wednesday.
Signor Polacco, organ recital, 12.
English Club executive committee,
room 207, 4:30.
Science Association, 9 Salvatierra
street, 7:30.
Thursday.
Varsity vs. Pensacola Cadets, dia
mond, 3.
Wednesday.
Signor Polacco, organ recital, 12.
English Club executive committee,
room 207, 4:30.
Science Association, 9 Salvatierra
street, 7:30.
Thursday.
Varsity vs. Pensacola Cadets, dia
mond, 3.
