# LETTERS
## 
### 
Not the right road
1 do not doubt the sincerity of
those who continue to support the
nuclear freeze concept. I share with
th2m a fervent desire to see an end
tojhe arms race. More important, I
want to see our government take
positive steps that will reduce the
risk of not just nuclear war. hut war

of any kind. I remain convinced,
however, that clinging to the freeze
concept defeats rather than advances
this purpose.
Had they read my article (The
Daily, Jan. 18) more carefully, they
would have discovered that I am not
asking them to "trust the president"
any more than I would trust the
Soviets. I merely suggest that they

channel their efforts in a more posi
tive direction. I attempted to point
out the difference between the freeze
as a symbol of concern and as a
means toward achieving an agree
ment with the Soviets. When a
majority of congressmen vote in favor
of the freeze resolution, they are sup
porting the symbol. If they then turn
around, as they have, and support vir

tually all of the administration's
nuclear-related policies (to include
the funding of 21 MX missiles), they
are just as clearly rejecting the freeze
as the solution to the problem.
Contrary to my critics' beliefs, not
all modernization is destabilizing
(freeze supporters such as Walter
Mondale support the "midgetman"
missile and Stealth bomber) and

the capabilities they ascribe to our
satellites suggest they have read too
many James Bond novels. Soviet
willingness to consider on-site in
spections could be a major
breakthrough, but I would be willing
to bet that working out the ground
rules in this area will make previous
SALT" negotiations seem simple.
Given the current state of affairs

and the overwhelming mandate the
anti-freeze candidate received at the
polls last November, continuing to
insist upon adoption of the freeze
proposal is somewhat akin to shoeing
a dead horse â€” it may help your
image, but it will not move any of us
further along on the road to peace.
Ralph Cossa
Hoover Institution
