# Captain of Freshman Squad Elected.
## 
### 
At the practice game of the Fresh
man basketball squad, held Friday af
ternoon, Miss Sarah Bundy, '10, was
elected captain. Miss Bundy is a
member of the Gamma Phi Beta
sorority, and registers from Santa
Monica.
At the practice game of the Fresh
man basketball squad, held Friday af
ternoon, Miss Sarah Bundy, '10, was
elected captain. Miss Bundy is a
member of the Gamma Phi Beta
sorority, and registers from Santa
Monica.
At the practice game of the Fresh
man basketball squad, held Friday af
ternoon, Miss Sarah Bundy, '10, was
elected captain. Miss Bundy is a
member of the Gamma Phi Beta
sorority, and registers from Santa
Monica.
At the practice game of the Fresh
man basketball squad, held Friday af
ternoon, Miss Sarah Bundy, '10, was
elected captain. Miss Bundy is a
member of the Gamma Phi Beta
sorority, and registers from Santa
Monica.
At the practice game of the Fresh
man basketball squad, held Friday af
ternoon, Miss Sarah Bundy, '10, was
elected captain. Miss Bundy is a
member of the Gamma Phi Beta
sorority, and registers from Santa
Monica.
At the practice game of the Fresh
man basketball squad, held Friday af
ternoon, Miss Sarah Bundy, '10, was
elected captain. Miss Bundy is a
member of the Gamma Phi Beta
sorority, and registers from Santa
Monica.
At the practice game of the Fresh
man basketball squad, held Friday af
ternoon, Miss Sarah Bundy, '10, was
elected captain. Miss Bundy is a
member of the Gamma Phi Beta
sorority, and registers from Santa
Monica.
At the practice game of the Fresh
man basketball squad, held Friday af
ternoon, Miss Sarah Bundy, '10, was
elected captain. Miss Bundy is a
member of the Gamma Phi Beta
sorority, and registers from Santa
Monica.
At the practice game of the Fresh
man basketball squad, held Friday af
ternoon, Miss Sarah Bundy, '10, was
elected captain. Miss Bundy is a
member of the Gamma Phi Beta
sorority, and registers from Santa
Monica.
