# Adv. 21 Page 4
## 
### 
CLASSIFIED ADS
FOR SALE —1920 Buick Roadster;
complete overhaul; repainted; val
uable accessories. Call P.A. 288.
PIANO BARGAINS —We have in the
vicinity of Reedley a piano and
player, each partly paid for. Rather
than to box and ship them clear to
San Francisco we will sell them
cheap for cash, or on desirable
terms. Write to Wholesale Dept,,
Kohler & Chase, 26 O'Farrell St.,
San Francisco.
GARAGE FOR RENT from June 7 to
September 1, at 17 Salvatierra. Ap
ply not later than Sunday. Tele
phone P. A. 883.
THESES TYPED—Let us handle that
typing job—whether it's one or 1000
pages. Available for dictation morn
ing and evening. Mimeographing.
Just call Nelson from 1 to 5 p.m. at
Local 05, or drop in at the M.E. of
fice at the southeast entrance to the
Quad.
CLASSIFIED ADS
FOR SALE —1920 Buick Roadster;
complete overhaul; repainted; val
uable accessories. Call P.A. 288.
PIANO BARGAINS —We have in the
vicinity of Reedley a piano and
player, each partly paid for. Rather
than to box and ship them clear to
San Francisco we will sell them
cheap for cash, or on desirable
terms. Write to Wholesale Dept,,
Kohler & Chase, 26 O'Farrell St.,
San Francisco.
GARAGE FOR RENT from June 7 to
September 1, at 17 Salvatierra. Ap
ply not later than Sunday. Tele
phone P. A. 883.
THESES TYPED—Let us handle that
typing job—whether it's one or 1000
pages. Available for dictation morn
ing and evening. Mimeographing.
Just call Nelson from 1 to 5 p.m. at
Local 05, or drop in at the M.E. of
fice at the southeast entrance to the
Quad.
CLASSIFIED ADS
FOR SALE —1920 Buick Roadster;
complete overhaul; repainted; val
uable accessories. Call P.A. 288.
PIANO BARGAINS —We have in the
vicinity of Reedley a piano and
player, each partly paid for. Rather
than to box and ship them clear to
San Francisco we will sell them
cheap for cash, or on desirable
terms. Write to Wholesale Dept,,
Kohler & Chase, 26 O'Farrell St.,
San Francisco.
GARAGE FOR RENT from June 7 to
September 1, at 17 Salvatierra. Ap
ply not later than Sunday. Tele
phone P. A. 883.
THESES TYPED—Let us handle that
typing job—whether it's one or 1000
pages. Available for dictation morn
ing and evening. Mimeographing.
Just call Nelson from 1 to 5 p.m. at
Local 05, or drop in at the M.E. of
fice at the southeast entrance to the
Quad.
CLASSIFIED ADS
FOR SALE —1920 Buick Roadster;
complete overhaul; repainted; val
uable accessories. Call P.A. 288.
PIANO BARGAINS —We have in the
vicinity of Reedley a piano and
player, each partly paid for. Rather
than to box and ship them clear to
San Francisco we will sell them
cheap for cash, or on desirable
terms. Write to Wholesale Dept,,
Kohler & Chase, 26 O'Farrell St.,
San Francisco.
GARAGE FOR RENT from June 7 to
September 1, at 17 Salvatierra. Ap
ply not later than Sunday. Tele
phone P. A. 883.
THESES TYPED—Let us handle that
typing job—whether it's one or 1000
pages. Available for dictation morn
ing and evening. Mimeographing.
Just call Nelson from 1 to 5 p.m. at
Local 05, or drop in at the M.E. of
fice at the southeast entrance to the
Quad.
CLASSIFIED ADS
FOR SALE —1920 Buick Roadster;
complete overhaul; repainted; val
uable accessories. Call P.A. 288.
PIANO BARGAINS —We have in the
vicinity of Reedley a piano and
player, each partly paid for. Rather
than to box and ship them clear to
San Francisco we will sell them
cheap for cash, or on desirable
terms. Write to Wholesale Dept,,
Kohler & Chase, 26 O'Farrell St.,
San Francisco.
GARAGE FOR RENT from June 7 to
September 1, at 17 Salvatierra. Ap
ply not later than Sunday. Tele
phone P. A. 883.
THESES TYPED—Let us handle that
typing job—whether it's one or 1000
pages. Available for dictation morn
ing and evening. Mimeographing.
Just call Nelson from 1 to 5 p.m. at
Local 05, or drop in at the M.E. of
fice at the southeast entrance to the
Quad.
CLASSIFIED ADS
FOR SALE —1920 Buick Roadster;
complete overhaul; repainted; val
uable accessories. Call P.A. 288.
PIANO BARGAINS —We have in the
vicinity of Reedley a piano and
player, each partly paid for. Rather
than to box and ship them clear to
San Francisco we will sell them
cheap for cash, or on desirable
terms. Write to Wholesale Dept,,
Kohler & Chase, 26 O'Farrell St.,
San Francisco.
GARAGE FOR RENT from June 7 to
September 1, at 17 Salvatierra. Ap
ply not later than Sunday. Tele
phone P. A. 883.
THESES TYPED—Let us handle that
typing job—whether it's one or 1000
pages. Available for dictation morn
ing and evening. Mimeographing.
Just call Nelson from 1 to 5 p.m. at
Local 05, or drop in at the M.E. of
fice at the southeast entrance to the
Quad.
CLASSIFIED ADS
FOR SALE —1920 Buick Roadster;
complete overhaul; repainted; val
uable accessories. Call P.A. 288.
PIANO BARGAINS —We have in the
vicinity of Reedley a piano and
player, each partly paid for. Rather
than to box and ship them clear to
San Francisco we will sell them
cheap for cash, or on desirable
terms. Write to Wholesale Dept,,
Kohler & Chase, 26 O'Farrell St.,
San Francisco.
GARAGE FOR RENT from June 7 to
September 1, at 17 Salvatierra. Ap
ply not later than Sunday. Tele
phone P. A. 883.
THESES TYPED—Let us handle that
typing job—whether it's one or 1000
pages. Available for dictation morn
ing and evening. Mimeographing.
Just call Nelson from 1 to 5 p.m. at
Local 05, or drop in at the M.E. of
fice at the southeast entrance to the
Quad.
CLASSIFIED ADS
FOR SALE —1920 Buick Roadster;
complete overhaul; repainted; val
uable accessories. Call P.A. 288.
PIANO BARGAINS —We have in the
vicinity of Reedley a piano and
player, each partly paid for. Rather
than to box and ship them clear to
San Francisco we will sell them
cheap for cash, or on desirable
terms. Write to Wholesale Dept,,
Kohler & Chase, 26 O'Farrell St.,
San Francisco.
GARAGE FOR RENT from June 7 to
September 1, at 17 Salvatierra. Ap
ply not later than Sunday. Tele
phone P. A. 883.
THESES TYPED—Let us handle that
typing job—whether it's one or 1000
pages. Available for dictation morn
ing and evening. Mimeographing.
Just call Nelson from 1 to 5 p.m. at
Local 05, or drop in at the M.E. of
fice at the southeast entrance to the
Quad.
CLASSIFIED ADS
FOR SALE —1920 Buick Roadster;
complete overhaul; repainted; val
uable accessories. Call P.A. 288.
PIANO BARGAINS —We have in the
vicinity of Reedley a piano and
player, each partly paid for. Rather
than to box and ship them clear to
San Francisco we will sell them
cheap for cash, or on desirable
terms. Write to Wholesale Dept,,
Kohler & Chase, 26 O'Farrell St.,
San Francisco.
GARAGE FOR RENT from June 7 to
September 1, at 17 Salvatierra. Ap
ply not later than Sunday. Tele
phone P. A. 883.
THESES TYPED—Let us handle that
typing job—whether it's one or 1000
pages. Available for dictation morn
ing and evening. Mimeographing.
Just call Nelson from 1 to 5 p.m. at
Local 05, or drop in at the M.E. of
fice at the southeast entrance to the
Quad.
CLASSIFIED ADS
FOR SALE —1920 Buick Roadster;
complete overhaul; repainted; val
uable accessories. Call P.A. 288.
PIANO BARGAINS —We have in the
vicinity of Reedley a piano and
player, each partly paid for. Rather
than to box and ship them clear to
San Francisco we will sell them
cheap for cash, or on desirable
terms. Write to Wholesale Dept,,
Kohler & Chase, 26 O'Farrell St.,
San Francisco.
GARAGE FOR RENT from June 7 to
September 1, at 17 Salvatierra. Ap
ply not later than Sunday. Tele
phone P. A. 883.
THESES TYPED—Let us handle that
typing job—whether it's one or 1000
pages. Available for dictation morn
ing and evening. Mimeographing.
Just call Nelson from 1 to 5 p.m. at
Local 05, or drop in at the M.E. of
fice at the southeast entrance to the
Quad.
CLASSIFIED ADS
FOR SALE —1920 Buick Roadster;
complete overhaul; repainted; val
uable accessories. Call P.A. 288.
PIANO BARGAINS —We have in the
vicinity of Reedley a piano and
player, each partly paid for. Rather
than to box and ship them clear to
San Francisco we will sell them
cheap for cash, or on desirable
terms. Write to Wholesale Dept,,
Kohler & Chase, 26 O'Farrell St.,
San Francisco.
GARAGE FOR RENT from June 7 to
September 1, at 17 Salvatierra. Ap
ply not later than Sunday. Tele
phone P. A. 883.
THESES TYPED—Let us handle that
typing job—whether it's one or 1000
pages. Available for dictation morn
ing and evening. Mimeographing.
Just call Nelson from 1 to 5 p.m. at
Local 05, or drop in at the M.E. of
fice at the southeast entrance to the
Quad.
CLASSIFIED ADS
FOR SALE —1920 Buick Roadster;
complete overhaul; repainted; val
uable accessories. Call P.A. 288.
PIANO BARGAINS —We have in the
vicinity of Reedley a piano and
player, each partly paid for. Rather
than to box and ship them clear to
San Francisco we will sell them
cheap for cash, or on desirable
terms. Write to Wholesale Dept,,
Kohler & Chase, 26 O'Farrell St.,
San Francisco.
GARAGE FOR RENT from June 7 to
September 1, at 17 Salvatierra. Ap
ply not later than Sunday. Tele
phone P. A. 883.
THESES TYPED—Let us handle that
typing job—whether it's one or 1000
pages. Available for dictation morn
ing and evening. Mimeographing.
Just call Nelson from 1 to 5 p.m. at
Local 05, or drop in at the M.E. of
fice at the southeast entrance to the
Quad.
CLASSIFIED ADS
FOR SALE —1920 Buick Roadster;
complete overhaul; repainted; val
uable accessories. Call P.A. 288.
PIANO BARGAINS —We have in the
vicinity of Reedley a piano and
player, each partly paid for. Rather
than to box and ship them clear to
San Francisco we will sell them
cheap for cash, or on desirable
terms. Write to Wholesale Dept,,
Kohler & Chase, 26 O'Farrell St.,
San Francisco.
GARAGE FOR RENT from June 7 to
September 1, at 17 Salvatierra. Ap
ply not later than Sunday. Tele
phone P. A. 883.
THESES TYPED—Let us handle that
typing job—whether it's one or 1000
pages. Available for dictation morn
ing and evening. Mimeographing.
Just call Nelson from 1 to 5 p.m. at
Local 05, or drop in at the M.E. of
fice at the southeast entrance to the
Quad.
CLASSIFIED ADS
FOR SALE —1920 Buick Roadster;
complete overhaul; repainted; val
uable accessories. Call P.A. 288.
PIANO BARGAINS —We have in the
vicinity of Reedley a piano and
player, each partly paid for. Rather
than to box and ship them clear to
San Francisco we will sell them
cheap for cash, or on desirable
terms. Write to Wholesale Dept,,
Kohler & Chase, 26 O'Farrell St.,
San Francisco.
GARAGE FOR RENT from June 7 to
September 1, at 17 Salvatierra. Ap
ply not later than Sunday. Tele
phone P. A. 883.
THESES TYPED—Let us handle that
typing job—whether it's one or 1000
pages. Available for dictation morn
ing and evening. Mimeographing.
Just call Nelson from 1 to 5 p.m. at
Local 05, or drop in at the M.E. of
fice at the southeast entrance to the
Quad.
