# House Ineligible P.P.I.E. Meet
## 
### 
M. House, '19, who was expected to
enter the Pacific Association cham
pionships, will he declared ineligible
by the Pacific Association Registra
tion Committee, owing to the fact that
he has already competed in one dis
trict championship of the A. A. U. this
year. The rules prohibit his entering
another. L. Nichols, California hiuh
jumper, is in the same predicament.
M. House, '19, who was expected to
enter the Pacific Association cham
pionships, will he declared ineligible
by the Pacific Association Registra
tion Committee, owing to the fact that
he has already competed in one dis
trict championship of the A. A. U. this
year. The rules prohibit his entering
another. L. Nichols, California hiuh
jumper, is in the same predicament.
M. House, '19, who was expected to
enter the Pacific Association cham
pionships, will he declared ineligible
by the Pacific Association Registra
tion Committee, owing to the fact that
he has already competed in one dis
trict championship of the A. A. U. this
year. The rules prohibit his entering
another. L. Nichols, California hiuh
jumper, is in the same predicament.
M. House, '19, who was expected to
enter the Pacific Association cham
pionships, will he declared ineligible
by the Pacific Association Registra
tion Committee, owing to the fact that
he has already competed in one dis
trict championship of the A. A. U. this
year. The rules prohibit his entering
another. L. Nichols, California hiuh
jumper, is in the same predicament.
M. House, '19, who was expected to
enter the Pacific Association cham
pionships, will he declared ineligible
by the Pacific Association Registra
tion Committee, owing to the fact that
he has already competed in one dis
trict championship of the A. A. U. this
year. The rules prohibit his entering
another. L. Nichols, California hiuh
jumper, is in the same predicament.
M. House, '19, who was expected to
enter the Pacific Association cham
pionships, will he declared ineligible
by the Pacific Association Registra
tion Committee, owing to the fact that
he has already competed in one dis
trict championship of the A. A. U. this
year. The rules prohibit his entering
another. L. Nichols, California hiuh
jumper, is in the same predicament.
M. House, '19, who was expected to
enter the Pacific Association cham
pionships, will he declared ineligible
by the Pacific Association Registra
tion Committee, owing to the fact that
he has already competed in one dis
trict championship of the A. A. U. this
year. The rules prohibit his entering
another. L. Nichols, California hiuh
jumper, is in the same predicament.
M. House, '19, who was expected to
enter the Pacific Association cham
pionships, will he declared ineligible
by the Pacific Association Registra
tion Committee, owing to the fact that
he has already competed in one dis
trict championship of the A. A. U. this
year. The rules prohibit his entering
another. L. Nichols, California hiuh
jumper, is in the same predicament.
M. House, '19, who was expected to
enter the Pacific Association cham
pionships, will he declared ineligible
by the Pacific Association Registra
tion Committee, owing to the fact that
he has already competed in one dis
trict championship of the A. A. U. this
year. The rules prohibit his entering
another. L. Nichols, California hiuh
jumper, is in the same predicament.
M. House, '19, who was expected to
enter the Pacific Association cham
pionships, will he declared ineligible
by the Pacific Association Registra
tion Committee, owing to the fact that
he has already competed in one dis
trict championship of the A. A. U. this
year. The rules prohibit his entering
another. L. Nichols, California hiuh
jumper, is in the same predicament.
M. House, '19, who was expected to
enter the Pacific Association cham
pionships, will he declared ineligible
by the Pacific Association Registra
tion Committee, owing to the fact that
he has already competed in one dis
trict championship of the A. A. U. this
year. The rules prohibit his entering
another. L. Nichols, California hiuh
jumper, is in the same predicament.
M. House, '19, who was expected to
enter the Pacific Association cham
pionships, will he declared ineligible
by the Pacific Association Registra
tion Committee, owing to the fact that
he has already competed in one dis
trict championship of the A. A. U. this
year. The rules prohibit his entering
another. L. Nichols, California hiuh
jumper, is in the same predicament.
M. House, '19, who was expected to
enter the Pacific Association cham
pionships, will he declared ineligible
by the Pacific Association Registra
tion Committee, owing to the fact that
he has already competed in one dis
trict championship of the A. A. U. this
year. The rules prohibit his entering
another. L. Nichols, California hiuh
jumper, is in the same predicament.
