# KICK-OFFS
## 
### 
One hundred and seventy-five sea
son tickets were sold Saturday, a fact
which shows that Stanford fans are
keen as ever to follow closely the de
tails of making a team, be that team to
meet Santa Clara or be it to meet Cali
fornia November 13.
Jim Wylie is acquiring international
fame. Saturday the representative of
an Auckland, New Zealand, periodical
planted Jim squarely against the west
wall of the bleachers and took a shot
at the Cardinal breakaway with a high
power camera. This will be published
soon in the New Zealand paper.
According to reports from the Berke
ley campus, the California Olympic
game proved strenuous. Every player
was taken to the infirmary after the
contest, and a full quota of subs was
needed on hand to supply men in
places of some fifteen players who
were knocked out in the course of the
fracas.
Santa Clara stowed away the first
game of the season yesterday morning
by defeating the Palo Alto Athletic
Club fifteen. 13 to 0. During the first
half the Palo Alto players held the
Catholics to aoto 0 score. In the sec
ond half Captain Sholz, Curtin, and
Mates crossed the line in spite of the
blue-jerseyed defense. Two of the
tries were converted by Wassum. The
line-ups were:
Santa Clara —Keating, Amaral, Hates,
Korte, Coschino, Hickey, Muldoon,
Pye, Sholz. Conners. Mulholland, Diaz,
Fitzpatrick, Emerson, Curtain, and
Schallenback.
Palo Alto Athletic Club—Henry, But
terfleld, Stevick, Gibson, Mathewson,
McElroy, Thoburn, Gladstone, Mikel.
Mlaine, Huttman, Risling, Rogers.
Kirksey, Urban, and Hartman.
