# Preview
## 
### 
Monday
News

The proposed Carnegie building tan into trou
ble in a meeting of the Santa Clara County
Supervisors this week. The controversial pro
posal seeks to build an education research
center in the Stanford Foothills. Read more in
Monday's Daily.
Monday
News

The proposed Carnegie building tan into trou
ble in a meeting of the Santa Clara County
Supervisors this week. The controversial pro
posal seeks to build an education research
center in the Stanford Foothills. Read more in
Monday's Daily.
Monday
News

The proposed Carnegie building tan into trou
ble in a meeting of the Santa Clara County
Supervisors this week. The controversial pro
posal seeks to build an education research
center in the Stanford Foothills. Read more in
Monday's Daily.
Monday
News

The proposed Carnegie building tan into trou
ble in a meeting of the Santa Clara County
Supervisors this week. The controversial pro
posal seeks to build an education research
center in the Stanford Foothills. Read more in
Monday's Daily.
Monday
News

The proposed Carnegie building tan into trou
ble in a meeting of the Santa Clara County
Supervisors this week. The controversial pro
posal seeks to build an education research
center in the Stanford Foothills. Read more in
Monday's Daily.
Monday
News

The proposed Carnegie building tan into trou
ble in a meeting of the Santa Clara County
Supervisors this week. The controversial pro
posal seeks to build an education research
center in the Stanford Foothills. Read more in
Monday's Daily.
Monday
News

The proposed Carnegie building tan into trou
ble in a meeting of the Santa Clara County
Supervisors this week. The controversial pro
posal seeks to build an education research
center in the Stanford Foothills. Read more in
Monday's Daily.
