# Adv. 5 Page 2
## 
### 
DOT'S y\ .
CLUES
from the (Hi k
51 0 Waverley
ITS SMART
TO CO NATIVE
Yes, in a Peasant Crash
coat. A broad-shouldered
affair that adds that nec
essary dash to your sports
costume.
$3.00
DOT'S y\ .
CLUES
from the (Hi k
51 0 Waverley
ITS SMART
TO CO NATIVE
Yes, in a Peasant Crash
coat. A broad-shouldered
affair that adds that nec
essary dash to your sports
costume.
$3.00
DOT'S y\ .
CLUES
from the (Hi k
51 0 Waverley
ITS SMART
TO CO NATIVE
Yes, in a Peasant Crash
coat. A broad-shouldered
affair that adds that nec
essary dash to your sports
costume.
$3.00
DOT'S y\ .
CLUES
from the (Hi k
51 0 Waverley
ITS SMART
TO CO NATIVE
Yes, in a Peasant Crash
coat. A broad-shouldered
affair that adds that nec
essary dash to your sports
costume.
$3.00
DOT'S y\ .
CLUES
from the (Hi k
51 0 Waverley
ITS SMART
TO CO NATIVE
Yes, in a Peasant Crash
coat. A broad-shouldered
affair that adds that nec
essary dash to your sports
costume.
$3.00
DOT'S y\ .
CLUES
from the (Hi k
51 0 Waverley
ITS SMART
TO CO NATIVE
Yes, in a Peasant Crash
coat. A broad-shouldered
affair that adds that nec
essary dash to your sports
costume.
$3.00
DOT'S y\ .
CLUES
from the (Hi k
51 0 Waverley
ITS SMART
TO CO NATIVE
Yes, in a Peasant Crash
coat. A broad-shouldered
affair that adds that nec
essary dash to your sports
costume.
$3.00
DOT'S y\ .
CLUES
from the (Hi k
51 0 Waverley
ITS SMART
TO CO NATIVE
Yes, in a Peasant Crash
coat. A broad-shouldered
affair that adds that nec
essary dash to your sports
costume.
$3.00
DOT'S y\ .
CLUES
from the (Hi k
51 0 Waverley
ITS SMART
TO CO NATIVE
Yes, in a Peasant Crash
coat. A broad-shouldered
affair that adds that nec
essary dash to your sports
costume.
$3.00
DOT'S y\ .
CLUES
from the (Hi k
51 0 Waverley
ITS SMART
TO CO NATIVE
Yes, in a Peasant Crash
coat. A broad-shouldered
affair that adds that nec
essary dash to your sports
costume.
$3.00
DOT'S y\ .
CLUES
from the (Hi k
51 0 Waverley
ITS SMART
TO CO NATIVE
Yes, in a Peasant Crash
coat. A broad-shouldered
affair that adds that nec
essary dash to your sports
costume.
$3.00
DOT'S y\ .
CLUES
from the (Hi k
51 0 Waverley
ITS SMART
TO CO NATIVE
Yes, in a Peasant Crash
coat. A broad-shouldered
affair that adds that nec
essary dash to your sports
costume.
$3.00
DOT'S y\ .
CLUES
from the (Hi k
51 0 Waverley
ITS SMART
TO CO NATIVE
Yes, in a Peasant Crash
coat. A broad-shouldered
affair that adds that nec
essary dash to your sports
costume.
$3.00
DOT'S y\ .
CLUES
from the (Hi k
51 0 Waverley
ITS SMART
TO CO NATIVE
Yes, in a Peasant Crash
coat. A broad-shouldered
affair that adds that nec
essary dash to your sports
costume.
$3.00
DOT'S y\ .
CLUES
from the (Hi k
51 0 Waverley
ITS SMART
TO CO NATIVE
Yes, in a Peasant Crash
coat. A broad-shouldered
affair that adds that nec
essary dash to your sports
costume.
$3.00
