# QUADS ON SALE
## 
### 
j Quads will be on sale this morn
ing in front of the Post Office from
I S to 12 o'clock.
j Quads will be on sale this morn
ing in front of the Post Office from
I S to 12 o'clock.
j Quads will be on sale this morn
ing in front of the Post Office from
I S to 12 o'clock.
j Quads will be on sale this morn
ing in front of the Post Office from
I S to 12 o'clock.
j Quads will be on sale this morn
ing in front of the Post Office from
I S to 12 o'clock.
j Quads will be on sale this morn
ing in front of the Post Office from
I S to 12 o'clock.
j Quads will be on sale this morn
ing in front of the Post Office from
I S to 12 o'clock.
j Quads will be on sale this morn
ing in front of the Post Office from
I S to 12 o'clock.
j Quads will be on sale this morn
ing in front of the Post Office from
I S to 12 o'clock.
j Quads will be on sale this morn
ing in front of the Post Office from
I S to 12 o'clock.
j Quads will be on sale this morn
ing in front of the Post Office from
I S to 12 o'clock.
j Quads will be on sale this morn
ing in front of the Post Office from
I S to 12 o'clock.
j Quads will be on sale this morn
ing in front of the Post Office from
I S to 12 o'clock.
j Quads will be on sale this morn
ing in front of the Post Office from
I S to 12 o'clock.
j Quads will be on sale this morn
ing in front of the Post Office from
I S to 12 o'clock.
