# Squad of Ruggers Take Stiff Workout
## Six Full Teams Being Drilled Into Shape by Coach and Assistants 
### 
Six teams and substitutes went
through a stiff workout yesterday af
ternoon under the watchful eye of
Coach Floyd Brown. The men showed
that they were still not in the best
of condition, but the practice went
off with a snap, and few were forced
to visit Doc Reynolds for treatment.
According to the lists posted in the
training quarters, the squad is di
vided into class teams, and varsity
men are helping Coach Brown and
Captain Braden in the drilling of
these teams. Both backfield play and
scrum formations were practiced yes
terday, the backs being drilled by
Brown and Danny Carroll, while the
forwards worked out under the guid
ance of Braden and Pettingill.
The first teams of each class, not
including substitutes, line up as fol
lows:
Seniors—Single, Scott, and Sample,
front rank; Pettingill and Oberg, mid
dle rank; Gladstone, Halsted,, and
Harris, rear rank; Townsend, half;
Lyttle and Lachmund, five-eighths;
Carroll, center-three; Swigart and
Dievendorff, wings, and Taylor, full
back.
Juniors—Eiskamp, Kyle, and Hough,
front rank; Coleman and McCloskey,
middle rank; Johnson, Swarts, and
Schwarzenbeck, rear rank; Hauser,
half; Walker and Henry, five-eighths;
llerron, center-three; Jeffers and
Templeton, wings, and McCormack,
full back.
Sophomores—Bowes, Bacon, and E.
Winham, front rank; Summerfield and
Flood, middle rank; Winham, Thayer,
and .lanssen, rear rank; Katten, half;
Long and Wark, five-eighths; Pelouze,
center-three; Rogers and Morris,
wings, and Pedley, full.
Freshmen —Wayland, Arnott, and
Aubert, front rank; Millington and
McCartney, middle rank; Bernstein,
Tilton, and Gardner, rear rank; Lar
kin, half; Risling and .loerg, five
eighths; Needliam, center-three;
Davis and Thayer, wings, and Strain,
full back.
Six teams and substitutes went
through a stiff workout yesterday af
ternoon under the watchful eye of
Coach Floyd Brown. The men showed
that they were still not in the best
of condition, but the practice went
off with a snap, and few were forced
to visit Doc Reynolds for treatment.
According to the lists posted in the
training quarters, the squad is di
vided into class teams, and varsity
men are helping Coach Brown and
Captain Braden in the drilling of
these teams. Both backfield play and
scrum formations were practiced yes
terday, the backs being drilled by
Brown and Danny Carroll, while the
forwards worked out under the guid
ance of Braden and Pettingill.
The first teams of each class, not
including substitutes, line up as fol
lows:
Seniors—Single, Scott, and Sample,
front rank; Pettingill and Oberg, mid
dle rank; Gladstone, Halsted,, and
Harris, rear rank; Townsend, half;
Lyttle and Lachmund, five-eighths;
Carroll, center-three; Swigart and
Dievendorff, wings, and Taylor, full
back.
Juniors—Eiskamp, Kyle, and Hough,
front rank; Coleman and McCloskey,
middle rank; Johnson, Swarts, and
Schwarzenbeck, rear rank; Hauser,
half; Walker and Henry, five-eighths;
llerron, center-three; Jeffers and
Templeton, wings, and McCormack,
full back.
Sophomores—Bowes, Bacon, and E.
Winham, front rank; Summerfield and
Flood, middle rank; Winham, Thayer,
and .lanssen, rear rank; Katten, half;
Long and Wark, five-eighths; Pelouze,
center-three; Rogers and Morris,
wings, and Pedley, full.
Freshmen —Wayland, Arnott, and
Aubert, front rank; Millington and
McCartney, middle rank; Bernstein,
Tilton, and Gardner, rear rank; Lar
kin, half; Risling and .loerg, five
eighths; Needliam, center-three;
Davis and Thayer, wings, and Strain,
full back.
Six teams and substitutes went
through a stiff workout yesterday af
ternoon under the watchful eye of
Coach Floyd Brown. The men showed
that they were still not in the best
of condition, but the practice went
off with a snap, and few were forced
to visit Doc Reynolds for treatment.
According to the lists posted in the
training quarters, the squad is di
vided into class teams, and varsity
men are helping Coach Brown and
Captain Braden in the drilling of
these teams. Both backfield play and
scrum formations were practiced yes
terday, the backs being drilled by
Brown and Danny Carroll, while the
forwards worked out under the guid
ance of Braden and Pettingill.
The first teams of each class, not
including substitutes, line up as fol
lows:
Seniors—Single, Scott, and Sample,
front rank; Pettingill and Oberg, mid
dle rank; Gladstone, Halsted,, and
Harris, rear rank; Townsend, half;
Lyttle and Lachmund, five-eighths;
Carroll, center-three; Swigart and
Dievendorff, wings, and Taylor, full
back.
Juniors—Eiskamp, Kyle, and Hough,
front rank; Coleman and McCloskey,
middle rank; Johnson, Swarts, and
Schwarzenbeck, rear rank; Hauser,
half; Walker and Henry, five-eighths;
llerron, center-three; Jeffers and
Templeton, wings, and McCormack,
full back.
Sophomores—Bowes, Bacon, and E.
Winham, front rank; Summerfield and
Flood, middle rank; Winham, Thayer,
and .lanssen, rear rank; Katten, half;
Long and Wark, five-eighths; Pelouze,
center-three; Rogers and Morris,
wings, and Pedley, full.
Freshmen —Wayland, Arnott, and
Aubert, front rank; Millington and
McCartney, middle rank; Bernstein,
Tilton, and Gardner, rear rank; Lar
kin, half; Risling and .loerg, five
eighths; Needliam, center-three;
Davis and Thayer, wings, and Strain,
full back.
Six teams and substitutes went
through a stiff workout yesterday af
ternoon under the watchful eye of
Coach Floyd Brown. The men showed
that they were still not in the best
of condition, but the practice went
off with a snap, and few were forced
to visit Doc Reynolds for treatment.
According to the lists posted in the
training quarters, the squad is di
vided into class teams, and varsity
men are helping Coach Brown and
Captain Braden in the drilling of
these teams. Both backfield play and
scrum formations were practiced yes
terday, the backs being drilled by
Brown and Danny Carroll, while the
forwards worked out under the guid
ance of Braden and Pettingill.
The first teams of each class, not
including substitutes, line up as fol
lows:
Seniors—Single, Scott, and Sample,
front rank; Pettingill and Oberg, mid
dle rank; Gladstone, Halsted,, and
Harris, rear rank; Townsend, half;
Lyttle and Lachmund, five-eighths;
Carroll, center-three; Swigart and
Dievendorff, wings, and Taylor, full
back.
Juniors—Eiskamp, Kyle, and Hough,
front rank; Coleman and McCloskey,
middle rank; Johnson, Swarts, and
Schwarzenbeck, rear rank; Hauser,
half; Walker and Henry, five-eighths;
llerron, center-three; Jeffers and
Templeton, wings, and McCormack,
full back.
Sophomores—Bowes, Bacon, and E.
Winham, front rank; Summerfield and
Flood, middle rank; Winham, Thayer,
and .lanssen, rear rank; Katten, half;
Long and Wark, five-eighths; Pelouze,
center-three; Rogers and Morris,
wings, and Pedley, full.
Freshmen —Wayland, Arnott, and
Aubert, front rank; Millington and
McCartney, middle rank; Bernstein,
Tilton, and Gardner, rear rank; Lar
kin, half; Risling and .loerg, five
eighths; Needliam, center-three;
Davis and Thayer, wings, and Strain,
full back.
Six teams and substitutes went
through a stiff workout yesterday af
ternoon under the watchful eye of
Coach Floyd Brown. The men showed
that they were still not in the best
of condition, but the practice went
off with a snap, and few were forced
to visit Doc Reynolds for treatment.
According to the lists posted in the
training quarters, the squad is di
vided into class teams, and varsity
men are helping Coach Brown and
Captain Braden in the drilling of
these teams. Both backfield play and
scrum formations were practiced yes
terday, the backs being drilled by
Brown and Danny Carroll, while the
forwards worked out under the guid
ance of Braden and Pettingill.
The first teams of each class, not
including substitutes, line up as fol
lows:
Seniors—Single, Scott, and Sample,
front rank; Pettingill and Oberg, mid
dle rank; Gladstone, Halsted,, and
Harris, rear rank; Townsend, half;
Lyttle and Lachmund, five-eighths;
Carroll, center-three; Swigart and
Dievendorff, wings, and Taylor, full
back.
Juniors—Eiskamp, Kyle, and Hough,
front rank; Coleman and McCloskey,
middle rank; Johnson, Swarts, and
Schwarzenbeck, rear rank; Hauser,
half; Walker and Henry, five-eighths;
llerron, center-three; Jeffers and
Templeton, wings, and McCormack,
full back.
Sophomores—Bowes, Bacon, and E.
Winham, front rank; Summerfield and
Flood, middle rank; Winham, Thayer,
and .lanssen, rear rank; Katten, half;
Long and Wark, five-eighths; Pelouze,
center-three; Rogers and Morris,
wings, and Pedley, full.
Freshmen —Wayland, Arnott, and
Aubert, front rank; Millington and
McCartney, middle rank; Bernstein,
Tilton, and Gardner, rear rank; Lar
kin, half; Risling and .loerg, five
eighths; Needliam, center-three;
Davis and Thayer, wings, and Strain,
full back.
Six teams and substitutes went
through a stiff workout yesterday af
ternoon under the watchful eye of
Coach Floyd Brown. The men showed
that they were still not in the best
of condition, but the practice went
off with a snap, and few were forced
to visit Doc Reynolds for treatment.
According to the lists posted in the
training quarters, the squad is di
vided into class teams, and varsity
men are helping Coach Brown and
Captain Braden in the drilling of
these teams. Both backfield play and
scrum formations were practiced yes
terday, the backs being drilled by
Brown and Danny Carroll, while the
forwards worked out under the guid
ance of Braden and Pettingill.
The first teams of each class, not
including substitutes, line up as fol
lows:
Seniors—Single, Scott, and Sample,
front rank; Pettingill and Oberg, mid
dle rank; Gladstone, Halsted,, and
Harris, rear rank; Townsend, half;
Lyttle and Lachmund, five-eighths;
Carroll, center-three; Swigart and
Dievendorff, wings, and Taylor, full
back.
Juniors—Eiskamp, Kyle, and Hough,
front rank; Coleman and McCloskey,
middle rank; Johnson, Swarts, and
Schwarzenbeck, rear rank; Hauser,
half; Walker and Henry, five-eighths;
llerron, center-three; Jeffers and
Templeton, wings, and McCormack,
full back.
Sophomores—Bowes, Bacon, and E.
Winham, front rank; Summerfield and
Flood, middle rank; Winham, Thayer,
and .lanssen, rear rank; Katten, half;
Long and Wark, five-eighths; Pelouze,
center-three; Rogers and Morris,
wings, and Pedley, full.
Freshmen —Wayland, Arnott, and
Aubert, front rank; Millington and
McCartney, middle rank; Bernstein,
Tilton, and Gardner, rear rank; Lar
kin, half; Risling and .loerg, five
eighths; Needliam, center-three;
Davis and Thayer, wings, and Strain,
full back.
Six teams and substitutes went
through a stiff workout yesterday af
ternoon under the watchful eye of
Coach Floyd Brown. The men showed
that they were still not in the best
of condition, but the practice went
off with a snap, and few were forced
to visit Doc Reynolds for treatment.
According to the lists posted in the
training quarters, the squad is di
vided into class teams, and varsity
men are helping Coach Brown and
Captain Braden in the drilling of
these teams. Both backfield play and
scrum formations were practiced yes
terday, the backs being drilled by
Brown and Danny Carroll, while the
forwards worked out under the guid
ance of Braden and Pettingill.
The first teams of each class, not
including substitutes, line up as fol
lows:
Seniors—Single, Scott, and Sample,
front rank; Pettingill and Oberg, mid
dle rank; Gladstone, Halsted,, and
Harris, rear rank; Townsend, half;
Lyttle and Lachmund, five-eighths;
Carroll, center-three; Swigart and
Dievendorff, wings, and Taylor, full
back.
Juniors—Eiskamp, Kyle, and Hough,
front rank; Coleman and McCloskey,
middle rank; Johnson, Swarts, and
Schwarzenbeck, rear rank; Hauser,
half; Walker and Henry, five-eighths;
llerron, center-three; Jeffers and
Templeton, wings, and McCormack,
full back.
Sophomores—Bowes, Bacon, and E.
Winham, front rank; Summerfield and
Flood, middle rank; Winham, Thayer,
and .lanssen, rear rank; Katten, half;
Long and Wark, five-eighths; Pelouze,
center-three; Rogers and Morris,
wings, and Pedley, full.
Freshmen —Wayland, Arnott, and
Aubert, front rank; Millington and
McCartney, middle rank; Bernstein,
Tilton, and Gardner, rear rank; Lar
kin, half; Risling and .loerg, five
eighths; Needliam, center-three;
Davis and Thayer, wings, and Strain,
full back.
Six teams and substitutes went
through a stiff workout yesterday af
ternoon under the watchful eye of
Coach Floyd Brown. The men showed
that they were still not in the best
of condition, but the practice went
off with a snap, and few were forced
to visit Doc Reynolds for treatment.
According to the lists posted in the
training quarters, the squad is di
vided into class teams, and varsity
men are helping Coach Brown and
Captain Braden in the drilling of
these teams. Both backfield play and
scrum formations were practiced yes
terday, the backs being drilled by
Brown and Danny Carroll, while the
forwards worked out under the guid
ance of Braden and Pettingill.
The first teams of each class, not
including substitutes, line up as fol
lows:
Seniors—Single, Scott, and Sample,
front rank; Pettingill and Oberg, mid
dle rank; Gladstone, Halsted,, and
Harris, rear rank; Townsend, half;
Lyttle and Lachmund, five-eighths;
Carroll, center-three; Swigart and
Dievendorff, wings, and Taylor, full
back.
Juniors—Eiskamp, Kyle, and Hough,
front rank; Coleman and McCloskey,
middle rank; Johnson, Swarts, and
Schwarzenbeck, rear rank; Hauser,
half; Walker and Henry, five-eighths;
llerron, center-three; Jeffers and
Templeton, wings, and McCormack,
full back.
Sophomores—Bowes, Bacon, and E.
Winham, front rank; Summerfield and
Flood, middle rank; Winham, Thayer,
and .lanssen, rear rank; Katten, half;
Long and Wark, five-eighths; Pelouze,
center-three; Rogers and Morris,
wings, and Pedley, full.
Freshmen —Wayland, Arnott, and
Aubert, front rank; Millington and
McCartney, middle rank; Bernstein,
Tilton, and Gardner, rear rank; Lar
kin, half; Risling and .loerg, five
eighths; Needliam, center-three;
Davis and Thayer, wings, and Strain,
full back.
Six teams and substitutes went
through a stiff workout yesterday af
ternoon under the watchful eye of
Coach Floyd Brown. The men showed
that they were still not in the best
of condition, but the practice went
off with a snap, and few were forced
to visit Doc Reynolds for treatment.
According to the lists posted in the
training quarters, the squad is di
vided into class teams, and varsity
men are helping Coach Brown and
Captain Braden in the drilling of
these teams. Both backfield play and
scrum formations were practiced yes
terday, the backs being drilled by
Brown and Danny Carroll, while the
forwards worked out under the guid
ance of Braden and Pettingill.
The first teams of each class, not
including substitutes, line up as fol
lows:
Seniors—Single, Scott, and Sample,
front rank; Pettingill and Oberg, mid
dle rank; Gladstone, Halsted,, and
Harris, rear rank; Townsend, half;
Lyttle and Lachmund, five-eighths;
Carroll, center-three; Swigart and
Dievendorff, wings, and Taylor, full
back.
Juniors—Eiskamp, Kyle, and Hough,
front rank; Coleman and McCloskey,
middle rank; Johnson, Swarts, and
Schwarzenbeck, rear rank; Hauser,
half; Walker and Henry, five-eighths;
llerron, center-three; Jeffers and
Templeton, wings, and McCormack,
full back.
Sophomores—Bowes, Bacon, and E.
Winham, front rank; Summerfield and
Flood, middle rank; Winham, Thayer,
and .lanssen, rear rank; Katten, half;
Long and Wark, five-eighths; Pelouze,
center-three; Rogers and Morris,
wings, and Pedley, full.
Freshmen —Wayland, Arnott, and
Aubert, front rank; Millington and
McCartney, middle rank; Bernstein,
Tilton, and Gardner, rear rank; Lar
kin, half; Risling and .loerg, five
eighths; Needliam, center-three;
Davis and Thayer, wings, and Strain,
full back.
Six teams and substitutes went
through a stiff workout yesterday af
ternoon under the watchful eye of
Coach Floyd Brown. The men showed
that they were still not in the best
of condition, but the practice went
off with a snap, and few were forced
to visit Doc Reynolds for treatment.
According to the lists posted in the
training quarters, the squad is di
vided into class teams, and varsity
men are helping Coach Brown and
Captain Braden in the drilling of
these teams. Both backfield play and
scrum formations were practiced yes
terday, the backs being drilled by
Brown and Danny Carroll, while the
forwards worked out under the guid
ance of Braden and Pettingill.
The first teams of each class, not
including substitutes, line up as fol
lows:
Seniors—Single, Scott, and Sample,
front rank; Pettingill and Oberg, mid
dle rank; Gladstone, Halsted,, and
Harris, rear rank; Townsend, half;
Lyttle and Lachmund, five-eighths;
Carroll, center-three; Swigart and
Dievendorff, wings, and Taylor, full
back.
Juniors—Eiskamp, Kyle, and Hough,
front rank; Coleman and McCloskey,
middle rank; Johnson, Swarts, and
Schwarzenbeck, rear rank; Hauser,
half; Walker and Henry, five-eighths;
llerron, center-three; Jeffers and
Templeton, wings, and McCormack,
full back.
Sophomores—Bowes, Bacon, and E.
Winham, front rank; Summerfield and
Flood, middle rank; Winham, Thayer,
and .lanssen, rear rank; Katten, half;
Long and Wark, five-eighths; Pelouze,
center-three; Rogers and Morris,
wings, and Pedley, full.
Freshmen —Wayland, Arnott, and
Aubert, front rank; Millington and
McCartney, middle rank; Bernstein,
Tilton, and Gardner, rear rank; Lar
kin, half; Risling and .loerg, five
eighths; Needliam, center-three;
Davis and Thayer, wings, and Strain,
full back.
Six teams and substitutes went
through a stiff workout yesterday af
ternoon under the watchful eye of
Coach Floyd Brown. The men showed
that they were still not in the best
of condition, but the practice went
off with a snap, and few were forced
to visit Doc Reynolds for treatment.
According to the lists posted in the
training quarters, the squad is di
vided into class teams, and varsity
men are helping Coach Brown and
Captain Braden in the drilling of
these teams. Both backfield play and
scrum formations were practiced yes
terday, the backs being drilled by
Brown and Danny Carroll, while the
forwards worked out under the guid
ance of Braden and Pettingill.
The first teams of each class, not
including substitutes, line up as fol
lows:
Seniors—Single, Scott, and Sample,
front rank; Pettingill and Oberg, mid
dle rank; Gladstone, Halsted,, and
Harris, rear rank; Townsend, half;
Lyttle and Lachmund, five-eighths;
Carroll, center-three; Swigart and
Dievendorff, wings, and Taylor, full
back.
Juniors—Eiskamp, Kyle, and Hough,
front rank; Coleman and McCloskey,
middle rank; Johnson, Swarts, and
Schwarzenbeck, rear rank; Hauser,
half; Walker and Henry, five-eighths;
llerron, center-three; Jeffers and
Templeton, wings, and McCormack,
full back.
Sophomores—Bowes, Bacon, and E.
Winham, front rank; Summerfield and
Flood, middle rank; Winham, Thayer,
and .lanssen, rear rank; Katten, half;
Long and Wark, five-eighths; Pelouze,
center-three; Rogers and Morris,
wings, and Pedley, full.
Freshmen —Wayland, Arnott, and
Aubert, front rank; Millington and
McCartney, middle rank; Bernstein,
Tilton, and Gardner, rear rank; Lar
kin, half; Risling and .loerg, five
eighths; Needliam, center-three;
Davis and Thayer, wings, and Strain,
full back.
Six teams and substitutes went
through a stiff workout yesterday af
ternoon under the watchful eye of
Coach Floyd Brown. The men showed
that they were still not in the best
of condition, but the practice went
off with a snap, and few were forced
to visit Doc Reynolds for treatment.
According to the lists posted in the
training quarters, the squad is di
vided into class teams, and varsity
men are helping Coach Brown and
Captain Braden in the drilling of
these teams. Both backfield play and
scrum formations were practiced yes
terday, the backs being drilled by
Brown and Danny Carroll, while the
forwards worked out under the guid
ance of Braden and Pettingill.
The first teams of each class, not
including substitutes, line up as fol
lows:
Seniors—Single, Scott, and Sample,
front rank; Pettingill and Oberg, mid
dle rank; Gladstone, Halsted,, and
Harris, rear rank; Townsend, half;
Lyttle and Lachmund, five-eighths;
Carroll, center-three; Swigart and
Dievendorff, wings, and Taylor, full
back.
Juniors—Eiskamp, Kyle, and Hough,
front rank; Coleman and McCloskey,
middle rank; Johnson, Swarts, and
Schwarzenbeck, rear rank; Hauser,
half; Walker and Henry, five-eighths;
llerron, center-three; Jeffers and
Templeton, wings, and McCormack,
full back.
Sophomores—Bowes, Bacon, and E.
Winham, front rank; Summerfield and
Flood, middle rank; Winham, Thayer,
and .lanssen, rear rank; Katten, half;
Long and Wark, five-eighths; Pelouze,
center-three; Rogers and Morris,
wings, and Pedley, full.
Freshmen —Wayland, Arnott, and
Aubert, front rank; Millington and
McCartney, middle rank; Bernstein,
Tilton, and Gardner, rear rank; Lar
kin, half; Risling and .loerg, five
eighths; Needliam, center-three;
Davis and Thayer, wings, and Strain,
full back.
Six teams and substitutes went
through a stiff workout yesterday af
ternoon under the watchful eye of
Coach Floyd Brown. The men showed
that they were still not in the best
of condition, but the practice went
off with a snap, and few were forced
to visit Doc Reynolds for treatment.
According to the lists posted in the
training quarters, the squad is di
vided into class teams, and varsity
men are helping Coach Brown and
Captain Braden in the drilling of
these teams. Both backfield play and
scrum formations were practiced yes
terday, the backs being drilled by
Brown and Danny Carroll, while the
forwards worked out under the guid
ance of Braden and Pettingill.
The first teams of each class, not
including substitutes, line up as fol
lows:
Seniors—Single, Scott, and Sample,
front rank; Pettingill and Oberg, mid
dle rank; Gladstone, Halsted,, and
Harris, rear rank; Townsend, half;
Lyttle and Lachmund, five-eighths;
Carroll, center-three; Swigart and
Dievendorff, wings, and Taylor, full
back.
Juniors—Eiskamp, Kyle, and Hough,
front rank; Coleman and McCloskey,
middle rank; Johnson, Swarts, and
Schwarzenbeck, rear rank; Hauser,
half; Walker and Henry, five-eighths;
llerron, center-three; Jeffers and
Templeton, wings, and McCormack,
full back.
Sophomores—Bowes, Bacon, and E.
Winham, front rank; Summerfield and
Flood, middle rank; Winham, Thayer,
and .lanssen, rear rank; Katten, half;
Long and Wark, five-eighths; Pelouze,
center-three; Rogers and Morris,
wings, and Pedley, full.
Freshmen —Wayland, Arnott, and
Aubert, front rank; Millington and
McCartney, middle rank; Bernstein,
Tilton, and Gardner, rear rank; Lar
kin, half; Risling and .loerg, five
eighths; Needliam, center-three;
Davis and Thayer, wings, and Strain,
full back.
Six teams and substitutes went
through a stiff workout yesterday af
ternoon under the watchful eye of
Coach Floyd Brown. The men showed
that they were still not in the best
of condition, but the practice went
off with a snap, and few were forced
to visit Doc Reynolds for treatment.
According to the lists posted in the
training quarters, the squad is di
vided into class teams, and varsity
men are helping Coach Brown and
Captain Braden in the drilling of
these teams. Both backfield play and
scrum formations were practiced yes
terday, the backs being drilled by
Brown and Danny Carroll, while the
forwards worked out under the guid
ance of Braden and Pettingill.
The first teams of each class, not
including substitutes, line up as fol
lows:
Seniors—Single, Scott, and Sample,
front rank; Pettingill and Oberg, mid
dle rank; Gladstone, Halsted,, and
Harris, rear rank; Townsend, half;
Lyttle and Lachmund, five-eighths;
Carroll, center-three; Swigart and
Dievendorff, wings, and Taylor, full
back.
Juniors—Eiskamp, Kyle, and Hough,
front rank; Coleman and McCloskey,
middle rank; Johnson, Swarts, and
Schwarzenbeck, rear rank; Hauser,
half; Walker and Henry, five-eighths;
llerron, center-three; Jeffers and
Templeton, wings, and McCormack,
full back.
Sophomores—Bowes, Bacon, and E.
Winham, front rank; Summerfield and
Flood, middle rank; Winham, Thayer,
and .lanssen, rear rank; Katten, half;
Long and Wark, five-eighths; Pelouze,
center-three; Rogers and Morris,
wings, and Pedley, full.
Freshmen —Wayland, Arnott, and
Aubert, front rank; Millington and
McCartney, middle rank; Bernstein,
Tilton, and Gardner, rear rank; Lar
kin, half; Risling and .loerg, five
eighths; Needliam, center-three;
Davis and Thayer, wings, and Strain,
full back.
