# PEGASUS WITHOUT WINGS
## 
### 

PEGASUS, the mythical winged horse, has nothing on these thorough
breds, as this unusual picture shows. The four horses are racing with
all l'ect off the ground. The scene is at Tropical Park, Coral Gables,
Florida.

PEGASUS, the mythical winged horse, has nothing on these thorough
breds, as this unusual picture shows. The four horses are racing with
all l'ect off the ground. The scene is at Tropical Park, Coral Gables,
Florida.

PEGASUS, the mythical winged horse, has nothing on these thorough
breds, as this unusual picture shows. The four horses are racing with
all l'ect off the ground. The scene is at Tropical Park, Coral Gables,
Florida.

PEGASUS, the mythical winged horse, has nothing on these thorough
breds, as this unusual picture shows. The four horses are racing with
all l'ect off the ground. The scene is at Tropical Park, Coral Gables,
Florida.

PEGASUS, the mythical winged horse, has nothing on these thorough
breds, as this unusual picture shows. The four horses are racing with
all l'ect off the ground. The scene is at Tropical Park, Coral Gables,
Florida.

PEGASUS, the mythical winged horse, has nothing on these thorough
breds, as this unusual picture shows. The four horses are racing with
all l'ect off the ground. The scene is at Tropical Park, Coral Gables,
Florida.

PEGASUS, the mythical winged horse, has nothing on these thorough
breds, as this unusual picture shows. The four horses are racing with
all l'ect off the ground. The scene is at Tropical Park, Coral Gables,
Florida.

PEGASUS, the mythical winged horse, has nothing on these thorough
breds, as this unusual picture shows. The four horses are racing with
all l'ect off the ground. The scene is at Tropical Park, Coral Gables,
Florida.

PEGASUS, the mythical winged horse, has nothing on these thorough
breds, as this unusual picture shows. The four horses are racing with
all l'ect off the ground. The scene is at Tropical Park, Coral Gables,
Florida.

PEGASUS, the mythical winged horse, has nothing on these thorough
breds, as this unusual picture shows. The four horses are racing with
all l'ect off the ground. The scene is at Tropical Park, Coral Gables,
Florida.

PEGASUS, the mythical winged horse, has nothing on these thorough
breds, as this unusual picture shows. The four horses are racing with
all l'ect off the ground. The scene is at Tropical Park, Coral Gables,
Florida.

PEGASUS, the mythical winged horse, has nothing on these thorough
breds, as this unusual picture shows. The four horses are racing with
all l'ect off the ground. The scene is at Tropical Park, Coral Gables,
Florida.

PEGASUS, the mythical winged horse, has nothing on these thorough
breds, as this unusual picture shows. The four horses are racing with
all l'ect off the ground. The scene is at Tropical Park, Coral Gables,
Florida.

PEGASUS, the mythical winged horse, has nothing on these thorough
breds, as this unusual picture shows. The four horses are racing with
all l'ect off the ground. The scene is at Tropical Park, Coral Gables,
Florida.

PEGASUS, the mythical winged horse, has nothing on these thorough
breds, as this unusual picture shows. The four horses are racing with
all l'ect off the ground. The scene is at Tropical Park, Coral Gables,
Florida.

PEGASUS, the mythical winged horse, has nothing on these thorough
breds, as this unusual picture shows. The four horses are racing with
all l'ect off the ground. The scene is at Tropical Park, Coral Gables,
Florida.

PEGASUS, the mythical winged horse, has nothing on these thorough
breds, as this unusual picture shows. The four horses are racing with
all l'ect off the ground. The scene is at Tropical Park, Coral Gables,
Florida.
