# Adv. 18 Page 6
## 
### 
Money!!
All Freshman capitalists, or any
capitalists, for that matter, come to
the Daily Business Office at 3:15 this
afternoon for a piece of the action.
(STORKE STUDENT PUBLICATIONS BLOG.)
Money!!
All Freshman capitalists, or any
capitalists, for that matter, come to
the Daily Business Office at 3:15 this
afternoon for a piece of the action.
(STORKE STUDENT PUBLICATIONS BLOG.)
Money!!
All Freshman capitalists, or any
capitalists, for that matter, come to
the Daily Business Office at 3:15 this
afternoon for a piece of the action.
(STORKE STUDENT PUBLICATIONS BLOG.)
Money!!
All Freshman capitalists, or any
capitalists, for that matter, come to
the Daily Business Office at 3:15 this
afternoon for a piece of the action.
(STORKE STUDENT PUBLICATIONS BLOG.)
Money!!
All Freshman capitalists, or any
capitalists, for that matter, come to
the Daily Business Office at 3:15 this
afternoon for a piece of the action.
(STORKE STUDENT PUBLICATIONS BLOG.)
Money!!
All Freshman capitalists, or any
capitalists, for that matter, come to
the Daily Business Office at 3:15 this
afternoon for a piece of the action.
(STORKE STUDENT PUBLICATIONS BLOG.)
Money!!
All Freshman capitalists, or any
capitalists, for that matter, come to
the Daily Business Office at 3:15 this
afternoon for a piece of the action.
(STORKE STUDENT PUBLICATIONS BLOG.)
Money!!
All Freshman capitalists, or any
capitalists, for that matter, come to
the Daily Business Office at 3:15 this
afternoon for a piece of the action.
(STORKE STUDENT PUBLICATIONS BLOG.)
Money!!
All Freshman capitalists, or any
capitalists, for that matter, come to
the Daily Business Office at 3:15 this
afternoon for a piece of the action.
(STORKE STUDENT PUBLICATIONS BLOG.)
Money!!
All Freshman capitalists, or any
capitalists, for that matter, come to
the Daily Business Office at 3:15 this
afternoon for a piece of the action.
(STORKE STUDENT PUBLICATIONS BLOG.)
Money!!
All Freshman capitalists, or any
capitalists, for that matter, come to
the Daily Business Office at 3:15 this
afternoon for a piece of the action.
(STORKE STUDENT PUBLICATIONS BLOG.)
Money!!
All Freshman capitalists, or any
capitalists, for that matter, come to
the Daily Business Office at 3:15 this
afternoon for a piece of the action.
(STORKE STUDENT PUBLICATIONS BLOG.)
Money!!
All Freshman capitalists, or any
capitalists, for that matter, come to
the Daily Business Office at 3:15 this
afternoon for a piece of the action.
(STORKE STUDENT PUBLICATIONS BLOG.)
Money!!
All Freshman capitalists, or any
capitalists, for that matter, come to
the Daily Business Office at 3:15 this
afternoon for a piece of the action.
(STORKE STUDENT PUBLICATIONS BLOG.)
Money!!
All Freshman capitalists, or any
capitalists, for that matter, come to
the Daily Business Office at 3:15 this
afternoon for a piece of the action.
(STORKE STUDENT PUBLICATIONS BLOG.)
