# KZSU
## 
### 
This evening at 7:00 p.m.,
KZSU presents the first of
three programs on the events
of last spring at Stanford.
Tonight's tape documentary
begins with the Academic
Council's decision to retain
credit for ROTC and covers
events as far as the first Old
Union sit-in. In the studio to
comment and respond to
questions will be Michael
Sweeney, Don Ayer of the
Young Republicans, and a
representative of the
Administration.
This evening at 7:00 p.m.,
KZSU presents the first of
three programs on the events
of last spring at Stanford.
Tonight's tape documentary
begins with the Academic
Council's decision to retain
credit for ROTC and covers
events as far as the first Old
Union sit-in. In the studio to
comment and respond to
questions will be Michael
Sweeney, Don Ayer of the
Young Republicans, and a
representative of the
Administration.
This evening at 7:00 p.m.,
KZSU presents the first of
three programs on the events
of last spring at Stanford.
Tonight's tape documentary
begins with the Academic
Council's decision to retain
credit for ROTC and covers
events as far as the first Old
Union sit-in. In the studio to
comment and respond to
questions will be Michael
Sweeney, Don Ayer of the
Young Republicans, and a
representative of the
Administration.
This evening at 7:00 p.m.,
KZSU presents the first of
three programs on the events
of last spring at Stanford.
Tonight's tape documentary
begins with the Academic
Council's decision to retain
credit for ROTC and covers
events as far as the first Old
Union sit-in. In the studio to
comment and respond to
questions will be Michael
Sweeney, Don Ayer of the
Young Republicans, and a
representative of the
Administration.
This evening at 7:00 p.m.,
KZSU presents the first of
three programs on the events
of last spring at Stanford.
Tonight's tape documentary
begins with the Academic
Council's decision to retain
credit for ROTC and covers
events as far as the first Old
Union sit-in. In the studio to
comment and respond to
questions will be Michael
Sweeney, Don Ayer of the
Young Republicans, and a
representative of the
Administration.
This evening at 7:00 p.m.,
KZSU presents the first of
three programs on the events
of last spring at Stanford.
Tonight's tape documentary
begins with the Academic
Council's decision to retain
credit for ROTC and covers
events as far as the first Old
Union sit-in. In the studio to
comment and respond to
questions will be Michael
Sweeney, Don Ayer of the
Young Republicans, and a
representative of the
Administration.
This evening at 7:00 p.m.,
KZSU presents the first of
three programs on the events
of last spring at Stanford.
Tonight's tape documentary
begins with the Academic
Council's decision to retain
credit for ROTC and covers
events as far as the first Old
Union sit-in. In the studio to
comment and respond to
questions will be Michael
Sweeney, Don Ayer of the
Young Republicans, and a
representative of the
Administration.
This evening at 7:00 p.m.,
KZSU presents the first of
three programs on the events
of last spring at Stanford.
Tonight's tape documentary
begins with the Academic
Council's decision to retain
credit for ROTC and covers
events as far as the first Old
Union sit-in. In the studio to
comment and respond to
questions will be Michael
Sweeney, Don Ayer of the
Young Republicans, and a
representative of the
Administration.
This evening at 7:00 p.m.,
KZSU presents the first of
three programs on the events
of last spring at Stanford.
Tonight's tape documentary
begins with the Academic
Council's decision to retain
credit for ROTC and covers
events as far as the first Old
Union sit-in. In the studio to
comment and respond to
questions will be Michael
Sweeney, Don Ayer of the
Young Republicans, and a
representative of the
Administration.
This evening at 7:00 p.m.,
KZSU presents the first of
three programs on the events
of last spring at Stanford.
Tonight's tape documentary
begins with the Academic
Council's decision to retain
credit for ROTC and covers
events as far as the first Old
Union sit-in. In the studio to
comment and respond to
questions will be Michael
Sweeney, Don Ayer of the
Young Republicans, and a
representative of the
Administration.
This evening at 7:00 p.m.,
KZSU presents the first of
three programs on the events
of last spring at Stanford.
Tonight's tape documentary
begins with the Academic
Council's decision to retain
credit for ROTC and covers
events as far as the first Old
Union sit-in. In the studio to
comment and respond to
questions will be Michael
Sweeney, Don Ayer of the
Young Republicans, and a
representative of the
Administration.
This evening at 7:00 p.m.,
KZSU presents the first of
three programs on the events
of last spring at Stanford.
Tonight's tape documentary
begins with the Academic
Council's decision to retain
credit for ROTC and covers
events as far as the first Old
Union sit-in. In the studio to
comment and respond to
questions will be Michael
Sweeney, Don Ayer of the
Young Republicans, and a
representative of the
Administration.
This evening at 7:00 p.m.,
KZSU presents the first of
three programs on the events
of last spring at Stanford.
Tonight's tape documentary
begins with the Academic
Council's decision to retain
credit for ROTC and covers
events as far as the first Old
Union sit-in. In the studio to
comment and respond to
questions will be Michael
Sweeney, Don Ayer of the
Young Republicans, and a
representative of the
Administration.
This evening at 7:00 p.m.,
KZSU presents the first of
three programs on the events
of last spring at Stanford.
Tonight's tape documentary
begins with the Academic
Council's decision to retain
credit for ROTC and covers
events as far as the first Old
Union sit-in. In the studio to
comment and respond to
questions will be Michael
Sweeney, Don Ayer of the
Young Republicans, and a
representative of the
Administration.
This evening at 7:00 p.m.,
KZSU presents the first of
three programs on the events
of last spring at Stanford.
Tonight's tape documentary
begins with the Academic
Council's decision to retain
credit for ROTC and covers
events as far as the first Old
Union sit-in. In the studio to
comment and respond to
questions will be Michael
Sweeney, Don Ayer of the
Young Republicans, and a
representative of the
Administration.
