# Workshop Will Study Political Guidelines
## 
### 
President Lyman states in his
Guidelines on Political Activity,
"The University also is prohibited
from devoting any substantial part
of its activities to the carrying on
of 'propaganda' or otherwise
attempting to influence
legislation.
"Further, it would be
inconsistent with the very nature
of a university to engage in
political activities or to support
such activities, on behalf of any
cause not directly related to the
educational enterprise. This could
commit the University to a
political position—a commitment
which would be inconsistent with
the freedom of conscience and
inquiry necessary to preservation
of the University .. . For these
reasons, then the University must
exercise great care in determining
the degree of support of
hospitality it can give to campus
activities which are designed to
influence political views in the
outside community."
This statement leaves
unanswered many important
questions, such as: What are the
legal restrictions placed on the
university, whether by the tax
law, or other federal laws; what
does "substantial" political
activity mean (and who decides

when political activity is
substantial); and what is the
legitimate role of the university,
or any of its members, in the
political process. These questions
should be answered, since some of
the limitations on university
political activity are imposed by
law, while others are imposed by
the university because of a
normative view of its role. The
university is not going to violate
the law, but it may change its
ideological conception of itself.
This quarter a study is being
made to clarify the situation—to
state what the law is and when it
can, or should, be applied, and to
define clearly the legitimate
boundaries of campus political
activity. This should provide
realistic guidelines for those in
power and prevent the kind of
reaction that led to the retreat
from the original Princeton Plan.
This study is being sponsored by
SWOPSI as a workshop, "The
University and Political Activity."
It is led by Chuck Brody, a third
year law student, and is sponsored
by Professor Paul Brest of the
Stanford Law School. Three units
are available for those who are
interested in studying the position
of the university in relation to
political activity.
