# Band May be Disorganized.
## 
### 
The University Band will be dis
organized for the remainder of the
semester unless some radical change
is made in the plans of the executive
committee of that organization. This
action was decided upon at a meeting
of the committee last night and is
the result of the lack of interest
shown by the band members. There
are thirty members on the Band roll
but only from seven to nine men have
been turning out for rehearsal, and
the committee have decided that such
a feeble show of interest does not
warrant the continuance of the re
hearsals.
The University Band will be dis
organized for the remainder of the
semester unless some radical change
is made in the plans of the executive
committee of that organization. This
action was decided upon at a meeting
of the committee last night and is
the result of the lack of interest
shown by the band members. There
are thirty members on the Band roll
but only from seven to nine men have
been turning out for rehearsal, and
the committee have decided that such
a feeble show of interest does not
warrant the continuance of the re
hearsals.
The University Band will be dis
organized for the remainder of the
semester unless some radical change
is made in the plans of the executive
committee of that organization. This
action was decided upon at a meeting
of the committee last night and is
the result of the lack of interest
shown by the band members. There
are thirty members on the Band roll
but only from seven to nine men have
been turning out for rehearsal, and
the committee have decided that such
a feeble show of interest does not
warrant the continuance of the re
hearsals.
The University Band will be dis
organized for the remainder of the
semester unless some radical change
is made in the plans of the executive
committee of that organization. This
action was decided upon at a meeting
of the committee last night and is
the result of the lack of interest
shown by the band members. There
are thirty members on the Band roll
but only from seven to nine men have
been turning out for rehearsal, and
the committee have decided that such
a feeble show of interest does not
warrant the continuance of the re
hearsals.
The University Band will be dis
organized for the remainder of the
semester unless some radical change
is made in the plans of the executive
committee of that organization. This
action was decided upon at a meeting
of the committee last night and is
the result of the lack of interest
shown by the band members. There
are thirty members on the Band roll
but only from seven to nine men have
been turning out for rehearsal, and
the committee have decided that such
a feeble show of interest does not
warrant the continuance of the re
hearsals.
The University Band will be dis
organized for the remainder of the
semester unless some radical change
is made in the plans of the executive
committee of that organization. This
action was decided upon at a meeting
of the committee last night and is
the result of the lack of interest
shown by the band members. There
are thirty members on the Band roll
but only from seven to nine men have
been turning out for rehearsal, and
the committee have decided that such
a feeble show of interest does not
warrant the continuance of the re
hearsals.
The University Band will be dis
organized for the remainder of the
semester unless some radical change
is made in the plans of the executive
committee of that organization. This
action was decided upon at a meeting
of the committee last night and is
the result of the lack of interest
shown by the band members. There
are thirty members on the Band roll
but only from seven to nine men have
been turning out for rehearsal, and
the committee have decided that such
a feeble show of interest does not
warrant the continuance of the re
hearsals.
The University Band will be dis
organized for the remainder of the
semester unless some radical change
is made in the plans of the executive
committee of that organization. This
action was decided upon at a meeting
of the committee last night and is
the result of the lack of interest
shown by the band members. There
are thirty members on the Band roll
but only from seven to nine men have
been turning out for rehearsal, and
the committee have decided that such
a feeble show of interest does not
warrant the continuance of the re
hearsals.
The University Band will be dis
organized for the remainder of the
semester unless some radical change
is made in the plans of the executive
committee of that organization. This
action was decided upon at a meeting
of the committee last night and is
the result of the lack of interest
shown by the band members. There
are thirty members on the Band roll
but only from seven to nine men have
been turning out for rehearsal, and
the committee have decided that such
a feeble show of interest does not
warrant the continuance of the re
hearsals.
