# Who Rate Orange Blossoms? U.W. Daily Says "Real Pals" Questionnaire Reveals Likes
## 
### 
It is the wholesome, good-natured
girl who is a good sport that "rates
the orange blossoms today," the Uni
versity of Washington Daily has con
cluded as the result of answers to
questionnaires sent out to determine
just how present-day youth approaches
such a serious problem as matrimony.
The kind of a girl that "mother used
to be" is the runner-up in the race for
popularity, and the intellectual girl,
the athlete, and the flapper rank next
in popularity.
As for the men, statistics show that
the god of the gridiron holds first
place in women's hearts, while the
feocial lion and the business man types
are distinctly out of the running. The
only kind that challenges the football
hero's superiority is the "compromise
type," which the Daily defines as "the
man who is neither too hot nor too
cold, and who has a surplus of neither
brains nor brawn."
