# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Competitive athletics have been
barred from John Wesley College.
Competitive athletics have been
barred from John Wesley College.
Competitive athletics have been
barred from John Wesley College.
Competitive athletics have been
barred from John Wesley College.
Competitive athletics have been
barred from John Wesley College.
Competitive athletics have been
barred from John Wesley College.
Competitive athletics have been
barred from John Wesley College.
Competitive athletics have been
barred from John Wesley College.
Competitive athletics have been
barred from John Wesley College.
Competitive athletics have been
barred from John Wesley College.
Competitive athletics have been
barred from John Wesley College.
Competitive athletics have been
barred from John Wesley College.
Competitive athletics have been
barred from John Wesley College.
Competitive athletics have been
barred from John Wesley College.
Competitive athletics have been
barred from John Wesley College.
