# HUSTON TO TAKE POST AS CONSUL IN CANTON
## 
### Jay C. Huston, ex-'10, who recently 
visited the campus, left San Francisco
last week for Canton, China, where he
will take up his duties as American
Consul.
His last post was that of acting Consul-
General at Hankow, China. Ik- held this
position until the Chinese Nationalist
troops reached the Yangtse river in their
drive last fall.
visited the campus, left San Francisco
last week for Canton, China, where he
will take up his duties as American
Consul.
His last post was that of acting Consul-
General at Hankow, China. Ik- held this
position until the Chinese Nationalist
troops reached the Yangtse river in their
drive last fall.
visited the campus, left San Francisco
last week for Canton, China, where he
will take up his duties as American
Consul.
His last post was that of acting Consul-
General at Hankow, China. Ik- held this
position until the Chinese Nationalist
troops reached the Yangtse river in their
drive last fall.
visited the campus, left San Francisco
last week for Canton, China, where he
will take up his duties as American
Consul.
His last post was that of acting Consul-
General at Hankow, China. Ik- held this
position until the Chinese Nationalist
troops reached the Yangtse river in their
drive last fall.
visited the campus, left San Francisco
last week for Canton, China, where he
will take up his duties as American
Consul.
His last post was that of acting Consul-
General at Hankow, China. Ik- held this
position until the Chinese Nationalist
troops reached the Yangtse river in their
drive last fall.
visited the campus, left San Francisco
last week for Canton, China, where he
will take up his duties as American
Consul.
His last post was that of acting Consul-
General at Hankow, China. Ik- held this
position until the Chinese Nationalist
troops reached the Yangtse river in their
drive last fall.
visited the campus, left San Francisco
last week for Canton, China, where he
will take up his duties as American
Consul.
His last post was that of acting Consul-
General at Hankow, China. Ik- held this
position until the Chinese Nationalist
troops reached the Yangtse river in their
drive last fall.
visited the campus, left San Francisco
last week for Canton, China, where he
will take up his duties as American
Consul.
His last post was that of acting Consul-
General at Hankow, China. Ik- held this
position until the Chinese Nationalist
troops reached the Yangtse river in their
drive last fall.
visited the campus, left San Francisco
last week for Canton, China, where he
will take up his duties as American
Consul.
His last post was that of acting Consul-
General at Hankow, China. Ik- held this
position until the Chinese Nationalist
troops reached the Yangtse river in their
drive last fall.
visited the campus, left San Francisco
last week for Canton, China, where he
will take up his duties as American
Consul.
His last post was that of acting Consul-
General at Hankow, China. Ik- held this
position until the Chinese Nationalist
troops reached the Yangtse river in their
drive last fall.
visited the campus, left San Francisco
last week for Canton, China, where he
will take up his duties as American
Consul.
His last post was that of acting Consul-
General at Hankow, China. Ik- held this
position until the Chinese Nationalist
troops reached the Yangtse river in their
drive last fall.
visited the campus, left San Francisco
last week for Canton, China, where he
will take up his duties as American
Consul.
His last post was that of acting Consul-
General at Hankow, China. Ik- held this
position until the Chinese Nationalist
troops reached the Yangtse river in their
drive last fall.
visited the campus, left San Francisco
last week for Canton, China, where he
will take up his duties as American
Consul.
His last post was that of acting Consul-
General at Hankow, China. Ik- held this
position until the Chinese Nationalist
troops reached the Yangtse river in their
drive last fall.
visited the campus, left San Francisco
last week for Canton, China, where he
will take up his duties as American
Consul.
His last post was that of acting Consul-
General at Hankow, China. Ik- held this
position until the Chinese Nationalist
troops reached the Yangtse river in their
drive last fall.
visited the campus, left San Francisco
last week for Canton, China, where he
will take up his duties as American
Consul.
His last post was that of acting Consul-
General at Hankow, China. Ik- held this
position until the Chinese Nationalist
troops reached the Yangtse river in their
drive last fall.
