# NOMINATIONS FOR NEXT YEAR MADE AT TOYON
## 
### 
Candidates for Toyon Club offices were
chosen last night by the nominating com
mittee, which was elected at the last
meeting.
Following are the men nominated for
each office: President, Ralph C. McCall
and Dick C. VVorden; vice-president,
John J. Hamlyn and Philip Cavalero;
manager, Edward Beverly Krough and
Eugene McKnight; and secretary, Rich
ard F. Holt and Leslie Garner.
Candidates for Toyon Club offices were
chosen last night by the nominating com
mittee, which was elected at the last
meeting.
Following are the men nominated for
each office: President, Ralph C. McCall
and Dick C. VVorden; vice-president,
John J. Hamlyn and Philip Cavalero;
manager, Edward Beverly Krough and
Eugene McKnight; and secretary, Rich
ard F. Holt and Leslie Garner.
Candidates for Toyon Club offices were
chosen last night by the nominating com
mittee, which was elected at the last
meeting.
Following are the men nominated for
each office: President, Ralph C. McCall
and Dick C. VVorden; vice-president,
John J. Hamlyn and Philip Cavalero;
manager, Edward Beverly Krough and
Eugene McKnight; and secretary, Rich
ard F. Holt and Leslie Garner.
Candidates for Toyon Club offices were
chosen last night by the nominating com
mittee, which was elected at the last
meeting.
Following are the men nominated for
each office: President, Ralph C. McCall
and Dick C. VVorden; vice-president,
John J. Hamlyn and Philip Cavalero;
manager, Edward Beverly Krough and
Eugene McKnight; and secretary, Rich
ard F. Holt and Leslie Garner.
Candidates for Toyon Club offices were
chosen last night by the nominating com
mittee, which was elected at the last
meeting.
Following are the men nominated for
each office: President, Ralph C. McCall
and Dick C. VVorden; vice-president,
John J. Hamlyn and Philip Cavalero;
manager, Edward Beverly Krough and
Eugene McKnight; and secretary, Rich
ard F. Holt and Leslie Garner.
Candidates for Toyon Club offices were
chosen last night by the nominating com
mittee, which was elected at the last
meeting.
Following are the men nominated for
each office: President, Ralph C. McCall
and Dick C. VVorden; vice-president,
John J. Hamlyn and Philip Cavalero;
manager, Edward Beverly Krough and
Eugene McKnight; and secretary, Rich
ard F. Holt and Leslie Garner.
Candidates for Toyon Club offices were
chosen last night by the nominating com
mittee, which was elected at the last
meeting.
Following are the men nominated for
each office: President, Ralph C. McCall
and Dick C. VVorden; vice-president,
John J. Hamlyn and Philip Cavalero;
manager, Edward Beverly Krough and
Eugene McKnight; and secretary, Rich
ard F. Holt and Leslie Garner.
Candidates for Toyon Club offices were
chosen last night by the nominating com
mittee, which was elected at the last
meeting.
Following are the men nominated for
each office: President, Ralph C. McCall
and Dick C. VVorden; vice-president,
John J. Hamlyn and Philip Cavalero;
manager, Edward Beverly Krough and
Eugene McKnight; and secretary, Rich
ard F. Holt and Leslie Garner.
Candidates for Toyon Club offices were
chosen last night by the nominating com
mittee, which was elected at the last
meeting.
Following are the men nominated for
each office: President, Ralph C. McCall
and Dick C. VVorden; vice-president,
John J. Hamlyn and Philip Cavalero;
manager, Edward Beverly Krough and
Eugene McKnight; and secretary, Rich
ard F. Holt and Leslie Garner.
Candidates for Toyon Club offices were
chosen last night by the nominating com
mittee, which was elected at the last
meeting.
Following are the men nominated for
each office: President, Ralph C. McCall
and Dick C. VVorden; vice-president,
John J. Hamlyn and Philip Cavalero;
manager, Edward Beverly Krough and
Eugene McKnight; and secretary, Rich
ard F. Holt and Leslie Garner.
Candidates for Toyon Club offices were
chosen last night by the nominating com
mittee, which was elected at the last
meeting.
Following are the men nominated for
each office: President, Ralph C. McCall
and Dick C. VVorden; vice-president,
John J. Hamlyn and Philip Cavalero;
manager, Edward Beverly Krough and
Eugene McKnight; and secretary, Rich
ard F. Holt and Leslie Garner.
Candidates for Toyon Club offices were
chosen last night by the nominating com
mittee, which was elected at the last
meeting.
Following are the men nominated for
each office: President, Ralph C. McCall
and Dick C. VVorden; vice-president,
John J. Hamlyn and Philip Cavalero;
manager, Edward Beverly Krough and
Eugene McKnight; and secretary, Rich
ard F. Holt and Leslie Garner.
Candidates for Toyon Club offices were
chosen last night by the nominating com
mittee, which was elected at the last
meeting.
Following are the men nominated for
each office: President, Ralph C. McCall
and Dick C. VVorden; vice-president,
John J. Hamlyn and Philip Cavalero;
manager, Edward Beverly Krough and
Eugene McKnight; and secretary, Rich
ard F. Holt and Leslie Garner.
Candidates for Toyon Club offices were
chosen last night by the nominating com
mittee, which was elected at the last
meeting.
Following are the men nominated for
each office: President, Ralph C. McCall
and Dick C. VVorden; vice-president,
John J. Hamlyn and Philip Cavalero;
manager, Edward Beverly Krough and
Eugene McKnight; and secretary, Rich
ard F. Holt and Leslie Garner.
Candidates for Toyon Club offices were
chosen last night by the nominating com
mittee, which was elected at the last
meeting.
Following are the men nominated for
each office: President, Ralph C. McCall
and Dick C. VVorden; vice-president,
John J. Hamlyn and Philip Cavalero;
manager, Edward Beverly Krough and
Eugene McKnight; and secretary, Rich
ard F. Holt and Leslie Garner.
