# DR. JORDAN TALKS TONIGHT AT BANQUET
## 
### 
Dr. David Starr Jordan will act as
t.oastmaster at the twlfth annual Cos
mopolitan Club banquet which will be
held tonight at 7 o'clock in the Wo
wen's Clubhouse. Several distinguish
ed guests will be present, including a
number of eitainent foreign consuls
from San Francisco, the vice-presi
dont of the National Association of
Cosmopolitan Clubs, the president and
another representative from the Uni
versity of California organization, and
two representatives from the Cosmo
politan Club at the College of the
Pacific.
Only a hundred tickets have been
sold to members of the club. A very
unique menu is planned, including na
tive Hawaiian, Chinese, Spanish, Japa
nese, Austian, French and American
dishes.
