# VARSITY MEN
## 
### 
Willard B. Wells or "Jess" as he
is better known about the campus,
hails from Portland, Oregon, and is
registered as a Civil Engineering
major He entered Stanford in the
fall of 1917 and distinguished himself
during bis first year by winning his
track numerals in the l'reshman meet
with California.
During the last two years, Jess has
been one of the most valuable men on
the varsity track squad and has al
ways been good for at least two first
places in any meet. At the present
time, he holds several Pacific Coast
Conference records along with the
high point record for the Stanford-
California dual meets. The latter
record was made in the dual meet
with California in the spring of 1919
when he practically won the meet
single-handed by carrying away first
honors in the hundred and 220-yard
dashes, and the high and low hurdles.
Following the meet, he was elected
captain of the 1920 squad and last
June at the I. C. A. A. A. A. meet in
Philadelphia, he attracted nation-wide
attention by heating Thompson of
Dartmouth in two low hurdles and
coming within one-fifth of a second
of the world's record. He also placed
third in the 100-yard dash in this
meet. He was among those in the
finals of the Olympic tryouts but as
the 400 yard hurdles were listed in
stead of the 220-yard race, more ex
perienced men in this were elected to
go to Antwerp.
This is Wells' last year on the var
sity as he graduates with the June
class and his absence in the hurdles
will be keenly felt next year. Wells
is a member of Skull and Snakes,
Quadrangle Club, Civil Engineering
Society, and Alpha Delta Phi.
Willard B. Wells or "Jess" as he
is better known about the campus,
hails from Portland, Oregon, and is
registered as a Civil Engineering
major He entered Stanford in the
fall of 1917 and distinguished himself
during bis first year by winning his
track numerals in the l'reshman meet
with California.
During the last two years, Jess has
been one of the most valuable men on
the varsity track squad and has al
ways been good for at least two first
places in any meet. At the present
time, he holds several Pacific Coast
Conference records along with the
high point record for the Stanford-
California dual meets. The latter
record was made in the dual meet
with California in the spring of 1919
when he practically won the meet
single-handed by carrying away first
honors in the hundred and 220-yard
dashes, and the high and low hurdles.
Following the meet, he was elected
captain of the 1920 squad and last
June at the I. C. A. A. A. A. meet in
Philadelphia, he attracted nation-wide
attention by heating Thompson of
Dartmouth in two low hurdles and
coming within one-fifth of a second
of the world's record. He also placed
third in the 100-yard dash in this
meet. He was among those in the
finals of the Olympic tryouts but as
the 400 yard hurdles were listed in
stead of the 220-yard race, more ex
perienced men in this were elected to
go to Antwerp.
This is Wells' last year on the var
sity as he graduates with the June
class and his absence in the hurdles
will be keenly felt next year. Wells
is a member of Skull and Snakes,
Quadrangle Club, Civil Engineering
Society, and Alpha Delta Phi.
Willard B. Wells or "Jess" as he
is better known about the campus,
hails from Portland, Oregon, and is
registered as a Civil Engineering
major He entered Stanford in the
fall of 1917 and distinguished himself
during bis first year by winning his
track numerals in the l'reshman meet
with California.
During the last two years, Jess has
been one of the most valuable men on
the varsity track squad and has al
ways been good for at least two first
places in any meet. At the present
time, he holds several Pacific Coast
Conference records along with the
high point record for the Stanford-
California dual meets. The latter
record was made in the dual meet
with California in the spring of 1919
when he practically won the meet
single-handed by carrying away first
honors in the hundred and 220-yard
dashes, and the high and low hurdles.
Following the meet, he was elected
captain of the 1920 squad and last
June at the I. C. A. A. A. A. meet in
Philadelphia, he attracted nation-wide
attention by heating Thompson of
Dartmouth in two low hurdles and
coming within one-fifth of a second
of the world's record. He also placed
third in the 100-yard dash in this
meet. He was among those in the
finals of the Olympic tryouts but as
the 400 yard hurdles were listed in
stead of the 220-yard race, more ex
perienced men in this were elected to
go to Antwerp.
This is Wells' last year on the var
sity as he graduates with the June
class and his absence in the hurdles
will be keenly felt next year. Wells
is a member of Skull and Snakes,
Quadrangle Club, Civil Engineering
Society, and Alpha Delta Phi.
Willard B. Wells or "Jess" as he
is better known about the campus,
hails from Portland, Oregon, and is
registered as a Civil Engineering
major He entered Stanford in the
fall of 1917 and distinguished himself
during bis first year by winning his
track numerals in the l'reshman meet
with California.
During the last two years, Jess has
been one of the most valuable men on
the varsity track squad and has al
ways been good for at least two first
places in any meet. At the present
time, he holds several Pacific Coast
Conference records along with the
high point record for the Stanford-
California dual meets. The latter
record was made in the dual meet
with California in the spring of 1919
when he practically won the meet
single-handed by carrying away first
honors in the hundred and 220-yard
dashes, and the high and low hurdles.
Following the meet, he was elected
captain of the 1920 squad and last
June at the I. C. A. A. A. A. meet in
Philadelphia, he attracted nation-wide
attention by heating Thompson of
Dartmouth in two low hurdles and
coming within one-fifth of a second
of the world's record. He also placed
third in the 100-yard dash in this
meet. He was among those in the
finals of the Olympic tryouts but as
the 400 yard hurdles were listed in
stead of the 220-yard race, more ex
perienced men in this were elected to
go to Antwerp.
This is Wells' last year on the var
sity as he graduates with the June
class and his absence in the hurdles
will be keenly felt next year. Wells
is a member of Skull and Snakes,
Quadrangle Club, Civil Engineering
Society, and Alpha Delta Phi.
Willard B. Wells or "Jess" as he
is better known about the campus,
hails from Portland, Oregon, and is
registered as a Civil Engineering
major He entered Stanford in the
fall of 1917 and distinguished himself
during bis first year by winning his
track numerals in the l'reshman meet
with California.
During the last two years, Jess has
been one of the most valuable men on
the varsity track squad and has al
ways been good for at least two first
places in any meet. At the present
time, he holds several Pacific Coast
Conference records along with the
high point record for the Stanford-
California dual meets. The latter
record was made in the dual meet
with California in the spring of 1919
when he practically won the meet
single-handed by carrying away first
honors in the hundred and 220-yard
dashes, and the high and low hurdles.
Following the meet, he was elected
captain of the 1920 squad and last
June at the I. C. A. A. A. A. meet in
Philadelphia, he attracted nation-wide
attention by heating Thompson of
Dartmouth in two low hurdles and
coming within one-fifth of a second
of the world's record. He also placed
third in the 100-yard dash in this
meet. He was among those in the
finals of the Olympic tryouts but as
the 400 yard hurdles were listed in
stead of the 220-yard race, more ex
perienced men in this were elected to
go to Antwerp.
This is Wells' last year on the var
sity as he graduates with the June
class and his absence in the hurdles
will be keenly felt next year. Wells
is a member of Skull and Snakes,
Quadrangle Club, Civil Engineering
Society, and Alpha Delta Phi.
Willard B. Wells or "Jess" as he
is better known about the campus,
hails from Portland, Oregon, and is
registered as a Civil Engineering
major He entered Stanford in the
fall of 1917 and distinguished himself
during bis first year by winning his
track numerals in the l'reshman meet
with California.
During the last two years, Jess has
been one of the most valuable men on
the varsity track squad and has al
ways been good for at least two first
places in any meet. At the present
time, he holds several Pacific Coast
Conference records along with the
high point record for the Stanford-
California dual meets. The latter
record was made in the dual meet
with California in the spring of 1919
when he practically won the meet
single-handed by carrying away first
honors in the hundred and 220-yard
dashes, and the high and low hurdles.
Following the meet, he was elected
captain of the 1920 squad and last
June at the I. C. A. A. A. A. meet in
Philadelphia, he attracted nation-wide
attention by heating Thompson of
Dartmouth in two low hurdles and
coming within one-fifth of a second
of the world's record. He also placed
third in the 100-yard dash in this
meet. He was among those in the
finals of the Olympic tryouts but as
the 400 yard hurdles were listed in
stead of the 220-yard race, more ex
perienced men in this were elected to
go to Antwerp.
This is Wells' last year on the var
sity as he graduates with the June
class and his absence in the hurdles
will be keenly felt next year. Wells
is a member of Skull and Snakes,
Quadrangle Club, Civil Engineering
Society, and Alpha Delta Phi.
Willard B. Wells or "Jess" as he
is better known about the campus,
hails from Portland, Oregon, and is
registered as a Civil Engineering
major He entered Stanford in the
fall of 1917 and distinguished himself
during bis first year by winning his
track numerals in the l'reshman meet
with California.
During the last two years, Jess has
been one of the most valuable men on
the varsity track squad and has al
ways been good for at least two first
places in any meet. At the present
time, he holds several Pacific Coast
Conference records along with the
high point record for the Stanford-
California dual meets. The latter
record was made in the dual meet
with California in the spring of 1919
when he practically won the meet
single-handed by carrying away first
honors in the hundred and 220-yard
dashes, and the high and low hurdles.
Following the meet, he was elected
captain of the 1920 squad and last
June at the I. C. A. A. A. A. meet in
Philadelphia, he attracted nation-wide
attention by heating Thompson of
Dartmouth in two low hurdles and
coming within one-fifth of a second
of the world's record. He also placed
third in the 100-yard dash in this
meet. He was among those in the
finals of the Olympic tryouts but as
the 400 yard hurdles were listed in
stead of the 220-yard race, more ex
perienced men in this were elected to
go to Antwerp.
This is Wells' last year on the var
sity as he graduates with the June
class and his absence in the hurdles
will be keenly felt next year. Wells
is a member of Skull and Snakes,
Quadrangle Club, Civil Engineering
Society, and Alpha Delta Phi.
Willard B. Wells or "Jess" as he
is better known about the campus,
hails from Portland, Oregon, and is
registered as a Civil Engineering
major He entered Stanford in the
fall of 1917 and distinguished himself
during bis first year by winning his
track numerals in the l'reshman meet
with California.
During the last two years, Jess has
been one of the most valuable men on
the varsity track squad and has al
ways been good for at least two first
places in any meet. At the present
time, he holds several Pacific Coast
Conference records along with the
high point record for the Stanford-
California dual meets. The latter
record was made in the dual meet
with California in the spring of 1919
when he practically won the meet
single-handed by carrying away first
honors in the hundred and 220-yard
dashes, and the high and low hurdles.
Following the meet, he was elected
captain of the 1920 squad and last
June at the I. C. A. A. A. A. meet in
Philadelphia, he attracted nation-wide
attention by heating Thompson of
Dartmouth in two low hurdles and
coming within one-fifth of a second
of the world's record. He also placed
third in the 100-yard dash in this
meet. He was among those in the
finals of the Olympic tryouts but as
the 400 yard hurdles were listed in
stead of the 220-yard race, more ex
perienced men in this were elected to
go to Antwerp.
This is Wells' last year on the var
sity as he graduates with the June
class and his absence in the hurdles
will be keenly felt next year. Wells
is a member of Skull and Snakes,
Quadrangle Club, Civil Engineering
Society, and Alpha Delta Phi.
Willard B. Wells or "Jess" as he
is better known about the campus,
hails from Portland, Oregon, and is
registered as a Civil Engineering
major He entered Stanford in the
fall of 1917 and distinguished himself
during bis first year by winning his
track numerals in the l'reshman meet
with California.
During the last two years, Jess has
been one of the most valuable men on
the varsity track squad and has al
ways been good for at least two first
places in any meet. At the present
time, he holds several Pacific Coast
Conference records along with the
high point record for the Stanford-
California dual meets. The latter
record was made in the dual meet
with California in the spring of 1919
when he practically won the meet
single-handed by carrying away first
honors in the hundred and 220-yard
dashes, and the high and low hurdles.
Following the meet, he was elected
captain of the 1920 squad and last
June at the I. C. A. A. A. A. meet in
Philadelphia, he attracted nation-wide
attention by heating Thompson of
Dartmouth in two low hurdles and
coming within one-fifth of a second
of the world's record. He also placed
third in the 100-yard dash in this
meet. He was among those in the
finals of the Olympic tryouts but as
the 400 yard hurdles were listed in
stead of the 220-yard race, more ex
perienced men in this were elected to
go to Antwerp.
This is Wells' last year on the var
sity as he graduates with the June
class and his absence in the hurdles
will be keenly felt next year. Wells
is a member of Skull and Snakes,
Quadrangle Club, Civil Engineering
Society, and Alpha Delta Phi.
Willard B. Wells or "Jess" as he
is better known about the campus,
hails from Portland, Oregon, and is
registered as a Civil Engineering
major He entered Stanford in the
fall of 1917 and distinguished himself
during bis first year by winning his
track numerals in the l'reshman meet
with California.
During the last two years, Jess has
been one of the most valuable men on
the varsity track squad and has al
ways been good for at least two first
places in any meet. At the present
time, he holds several Pacific Coast
Conference records along with the
high point record for the Stanford-
California dual meets. The latter
record was made in the dual meet
with California in the spring of 1919
when he practically won the meet
single-handed by carrying away first
honors in the hundred and 220-yard
dashes, and the high and low hurdles.
Following the meet, he was elected
captain of the 1920 squad and last
June at the I. C. A. A. A. A. meet in
Philadelphia, he attracted nation-wide
attention by heating Thompson of
Dartmouth in two low hurdles and
coming within one-fifth of a second
of the world's record. He also placed
third in the 100-yard dash in this
meet. He was among those in the
finals of the Olympic tryouts but as
the 400 yard hurdles were listed in
stead of the 220-yard race, more ex
perienced men in this were elected to
go to Antwerp.
This is Wells' last year on the var
sity as he graduates with the June
class and his absence in the hurdles
will be keenly felt next year. Wells
is a member of Skull and Snakes,
Quadrangle Club, Civil Engineering
Society, and Alpha Delta Phi.
Willard B. Wells or "Jess" as he
is better known about the campus,
hails from Portland, Oregon, and is
registered as a Civil Engineering
major He entered Stanford in the
fall of 1917 and distinguished himself
during bis first year by winning his
track numerals in the l'reshman meet
with California.
During the last two years, Jess has
been one of the most valuable men on
the varsity track squad and has al
ways been good for at least two first
places in any meet. At the present
time, he holds several Pacific Coast
Conference records along with the
high point record for the Stanford-
California dual meets. The latter
record was made in the dual meet
with California in the spring of 1919
when he practically won the meet
single-handed by carrying away first
honors in the hundred and 220-yard
dashes, and the high and low hurdles.
Following the meet, he was elected
captain of the 1920 squad and last
June at the I. C. A. A. A. A. meet in
Philadelphia, he attracted nation-wide
attention by heating Thompson of
Dartmouth in two low hurdles and
coming within one-fifth of a second
of the world's record. He also placed
third in the 100-yard dash in this
meet. He was among those in the
finals of the Olympic tryouts but as
the 400 yard hurdles were listed in
stead of the 220-yard race, more ex
perienced men in this were elected to
go to Antwerp.
This is Wells' last year on the var
sity as he graduates with the June
class and his absence in the hurdles
will be keenly felt next year. Wells
is a member of Skull and Snakes,
Quadrangle Club, Civil Engineering
Society, and Alpha Delta Phi.
Willard B. Wells or "Jess" as he
is better known about the campus,
hails from Portland, Oregon, and is
registered as a Civil Engineering
major He entered Stanford in the
fall of 1917 and distinguished himself
during bis first year by winning his
track numerals in the l'reshman meet
with California.
During the last two years, Jess has
been one of the most valuable men on
the varsity track squad and has al
ways been good for at least two first
places in any meet. At the present
time, he holds several Pacific Coast
Conference records along with the
high point record for the Stanford-
California dual meets. The latter
record was made in the dual meet
with California in the spring of 1919
when he practically won the meet
single-handed by carrying away first
honors in the hundred and 220-yard
dashes, and the high and low hurdles.
Following the meet, he was elected
captain of the 1920 squad and last
June at the I. C. A. A. A. A. meet in
Philadelphia, he attracted nation-wide
attention by heating Thompson of
Dartmouth in two low hurdles and
coming within one-fifth of a second
of the world's record. He also placed
third in the 100-yard dash in this
meet. He was among those in the
finals of the Olympic tryouts but as
the 400 yard hurdles were listed in
stead of the 220-yard race, more ex
perienced men in this were elected to
go to Antwerp.
This is Wells' last year on the var
sity as he graduates with the June
class and his absence in the hurdles
will be keenly felt next year. Wells
is a member of Skull and Snakes,
Quadrangle Club, Civil Engineering
Society, and Alpha Delta Phi.
Willard B. Wells or "Jess" as he
is better known about the campus,
hails from Portland, Oregon, and is
registered as a Civil Engineering
major He entered Stanford in the
fall of 1917 and distinguished himself
during bis first year by winning his
track numerals in the l'reshman meet
with California.
During the last two years, Jess has
been one of the most valuable men on
the varsity track squad and has al
ways been good for at least two first
places in any meet. At the present
time, he holds several Pacific Coast
Conference records along with the
high point record for the Stanford-
California dual meets. The latter
record was made in the dual meet
with California in the spring of 1919
when he practically won the meet
single-handed by carrying away first
honors in the hundred and 220-yard
dashes, and the high and low hurdles.
Following the meet, he was elected
captain of the 1920 squad and last
June at the I. C. A. A. A. A. meet in
Philadelphia, he attracted nation-wide
attention by heating Thompson of
Dartmouth in two low hurdles and
coming within one-fifth of a second
of the world's record. He also placed
third in the 100-yard dash in this
meet. He was among those in the
finals of the Olympic tryouts but as
the 400 yard hurdles were listed in
stead of the 220-yard race, more ex
perienced men in this were elected to
go to Antwerp.
This is Wells' last year on the var
sity as he graduates with the June
class and his absence in the hurdles
will be keenly felt next year. Wells
is a member of Skull and Snakes,
Quadrangle Club, Civil Engineering
Society, and Alpha Delta Phi.
