# DELTA CHI LEADS IN INTRAMURAL HANDBALL
## 
### 
Tlic dose of the second round of the
intramural handball tournament finds
Delta Chi in the lead with two teams
ill in the running for first honors.
Delta Chi is represented by Conard and
Carle', and Rutter and Reticker. Evans
and Steindorf, of El Campo, won a hard
contest from Koba and Kitow, of the
Japanese Club. Bentiinger and Scherf,
Delta Tail Delta, and Rotsford and Seav,
Faculty, will also be in the semi-finals.
It is planned to play the deciding games
this week.
Tlic dose of the second round of the
intramural handball tournament finds
Delta Chi in the lead with two teams
ill in the running for first honors.
Delta Chi is represented by Conard and
Carle', and Rutter and Reticker. Evans
and Steindorf, of El Campo, won a hard
contest from Koba and Kitow, of the
Japanese Club. Bentiinger and Scherf,
Delta Tail Delta, and Rotsford and Seav,
Faculty, will also be in the semi-finals.
It is planned to play the deciding games
this week.
Tlic dose of the second round of the
intramural handball tournament finds
Delta Chi in the lead with two teams
ill in the running for first honors.
Delta Chi is represented by Conard and
Carle', and Rutter and Reticker. Evans
and Steindorf, of El Campo, won a hard
contest from Koba and Kitow, of the
Japanese Club. Bentiinger and Scherf,
Delta Tail Delta, and Rotsford and Seav,
Faculty, will also be in the semi-finals.
It is planned to play the deciding games
this week.
Tlic dose of the second round of the
intramural handball tournament finds
Delta Chi in the lead with two teams
ill in the running for first honors.
Delta Chi is represented by Conard and
Carle', and Rutter and Reticker. Evans
and Steindorf, of El Campo, won a hard
contest from Koba and Kitow, of the
Japanese Club. Bentiinger and Scherf,
Delta Tail Delta, and Rotsford and Seav,
Faculty, will also be in the semi-finals.
It is planned to play the deciding games
this week.
Tlic dose of the second round of the
intramural handball tournament finds
Delta Chi in the lead with two teams
ill in the running for first honors.
Delta Chi is represented by Conard and
Carle', and Rutter and Reticker. Evans
and Steindorf, of El Campo, won a hard
contest from Koba and Kitow, of the
Japanese Club. Bentiinger and Scherf,
Delta Tail Delta, and Rotsford and Seav,
Faculty, will also be in the semi-finals.
It is planned to play the deciding games
this week.
Tlic dose of the second round of the
intramural handball tournament finds
Delta Chi in the lead with two teams
ill in the running for first honors.
Delta Chi is represented by Conard and
Carle', and Rutter and Reticker. Evans
and Steindorf, of El Campo, won a hard
contest from Koba and Kitow, of the
Japanese Club. Bentiinger and Scherf,
Delta Tail Delta, and Rotsford and Seav,
Faculty, will also be in the semi-finals.
It is planned to play the deciding games
this week.
Tlic dose of the second round of the
intramural handball tournament finds
Delta Chi in the lead with two teams
ill in the running for first honors.
Delta Chi is represented by Conard and
Carle', and Rutter and Reticker. Evans
and Steindorf, of El Campo, won a hard
contest from Koba and Kitow, of the
Japanese Club. Bentiinger and Scherf,
Delta Tail Delta, and Rotsford and Seav,
Faculty, will also be in the semi-finals.
It is planned to play the deciding games
this week.
Tlic dose of the second round of the
intramural handball tournament finds
Delta Chi in the lead with two teams
ill in the running for first honors.
Delta Chi is represented by Conard and
Carle', and Rutter and Reticker. Evans
and Steindorf, of El Campo, won a hard
contest from Koba and Kitow, of the
Japanese Club. Bentiinger and Scherf,
Delta Tail Delta, and Rotsford and Seav,
Faculty, will also be in the semi-finals.
It is planned to play the deciding games
this week.
Tlic dose of the second round of the
intramural handball tournament finds
Delta Chi in the lead with two teams
ill in the running for first honors.
Delta Chi is represented by Conard and
Carle', and Rutter and Reticker. Evans
and Steindorf, of El Campo, won a hard
contest from Koba and Kitow, of the
Japanese Club. Bentiinger and Scherf,
Delta Tail Delta, and Rotsford and Seav,
Faculty, will also be in the semi-finals.
It is planned to play the deciding games
this week.
Tlic dose of the second round of the
intramural handball tournament finds
Delta Chi in the lead with two teams
ill in the running for first honors.
Delta Chi is represented by Conard and
Carle', and Rutter and Reticker. Evans
and Steindorf, of El Campo, won a hard
contest from Koba and Kitow, of the
Japanese Club. Bentiinger and Scherf,
Delta Tail Delta, and Rotsford and Seav,
Faculty, will also be in the semi-finals.
It is planned to play the deciding games
this week.
Tlic dose of the second round of the
intramural handball tournament finds
Delta Chi in the lead with two teams
ill in the running for first honors.
Delta Chi is represented by Conard and
Carle', and Rutter and Reticker. Evans
and Steindorf, of El Campo, won a hard
contest from Koba and Kitow, of the
Japanese Club. Bentiinger and Scherf,
Delta Tail Delta, and Rotsford and Seav,
Faculty, will also be in the semi-finals.
It is planned to play the deciding games
this week.
Tlic dose of the second round of the
intramural handball tournament finds
Delta Chi in the lead with two teams
ill in the running for first honors.
Delta Chi is represented by Conard and
Carle', and Rutter and Reticker. Evans
and Steindorf, of El Campo, won a hard
contest from Koba and Kitow, of the
Japanese Club. Bentiinger and Scherf,
Delta Tail Delta, and Rotsford and Seav,
Faculty, will also be in the semi-finals.
It is planned to play the deciding games
this week.
Tlic dose of the second round of the
intramural handball tournament finds
Delta Chi in the lead with two teams
ill in the running for first honors.
Delta Chi is represented by Conard and
Carle', and Rutter and Reticker. Evans
and Steindorf, of El Campo, won a hard
contest from Koba and Kitow, of the
Japanese Club. Bentiinger and Scherf,
Delta Tail Delta, and Rotsford and Seav,
Faculty, will also be in the semi-finals.
It is planned to play the deciding games
this week.
