# CAMPUS OPINION
## GAPS ON HERMIONE 
### 
The Editor, Sir:
I should like to fill in the gaps
left by the statement in last Thurs
day's Daily relative to my interpre
tation of Hermione in "A Winter's
Tale." 'She is submissive — all
sweetness and light. I don't think
she's very bright."
To me she seems essentially a
romantic character embodying an
idealized concept of womanhood, a
concept more familiar to an Eliza
bethan audience than to one of to
day. However, there is all the more
reason for taking her seriously and
trying to make her understandable
because her philosophy does seem
so far removed from ours.
—Olive Krauthoff.

According to a recent bulletin of
the National Social Security Board,
there were 41.000 needy blind per
sons in the United States to whom
more than $1,000,000 per month is
being paid.
The Editor, Sir:
I should like to fill in the gaps
left by the statement in last Thurs
day's Daily relative to my interpre
tation of Hermione in "A Winter's
Tale." 'She is submissive — all
sweetness and light. I don't think
she's very bright."
To me she seems essentially a
romantic character embodying an
idealized concept of womanhood, a
concept more familiar to an Eliza
bethan audience than to one of to
day. However, there is all the more
reason for taking her seriously and
trying to make her understandable
because her philosophy does seem
so far removed from ours.
—Olive Krauthoff.

According to a recent bulletin of
the National Social Security Board,
there were 41.000 needy blind per
sons in the United States to whom
more than $1,000,000 per month is
being paid.
The Editor, Sir:
I should like to fill in the gaps
left by the statement in last Thurs
day's Daily relative to my interpre
tation of Hermione in "A Winter's
Tale." 'She is submissive — all
sweetness and light. I don't think
she's very bright."
To me she seems essentially a
romantic character embodying an
idealized concept of womanhood, a
concept more familiar to an Eliza
bethan audience than to one of to
day. However, there is all the more
reason for taking her seriously and
trying to make her understandable
because her philosophy does seem
so far removed from ours.
—Olive Krauthoff.

According to a recent bulletin of
the National Social Security Board,
there were 41.000 needy blind per
sons in the United States to whom
more than $1,000,000 per month is
being paid.
The Editor, Sir:
I should like to fill in the gaps
left by the statement in last Thurs
day's Daily relative to my interpre
tation of Hermione in "A Winter's
Tale." 'She is submissive — all
sweetness and light. I don't think
she's very bright."
To me she seems essentially a
romantic character embodying an
idealized concept of womanhood, a
concept more familiar to an Eliza
bethan audience than to one of to
day. However, there is all the more
reason for taking her seriously and
trying to make her understandable
because her philosophy does seem
so far removed from ours.
—Olive Krauthoff.

According to a recent bulletin of
the National Social Security Board,
there were 41.000 needy blind per
sons in the United States to whom
more than $1,000,000 per month is
being paid.
The Editor, Sir:
I should like to fill in the gaps
left by the statement in last Thurs
day's Daily relative to my interpre
tation of Hermione in "A Winter's
Tale." 'She is submissive — all
sweetness and light. I don't think
she's very bright."
To me she seems essentially a
romantic character embodying an
idealized concept of womanhood, a
concept more familiar to an Eliza
bethan audience than to one of to
day. However, there is all the more
reason for taking her seriously and
trying to make her understandable
because her philosophy does seem
so far removed from ours.
—Olive Krauthoff.

According to a recent bulletin of
the National Social Security Board,
there were 41.000 needy blind per
sons in the United States to whom
more than $1,000,000 per month is
being paid.
The Editor, Sir:
I should like to fill in the gaps
left by the statement in last Thurs
day's Daily relative to my interpre
tation of Hermione in "A Winter's
Tale." 'She is submissive — all
sweetness and light. I don't think
she's very bright."
To me she seems essentially a
romantic character embodying an
idealized concept of womanhood, a
concept more familiar to an Eliza
bethan audience than to one of to
day. However, there is all the more
reason for taking her seriously and
trying to make her understandable
because her philosophy does seem
so far removed from ours.
—Olive Krauthoff.

According to a recent bulletin of
the National Social Security Board,
there were 41.000 needy blind per
sons in the United States to whom
more than $1,000,000 per month is
being paid.
The Editor, Sir:
I should like to fill in the gaps
left by the statement in last Thurs
day's Daily relative to my interpre
tation of Hermione in "A Winter's
Tale." 'She is submissive — all
sweetness and light. I don't think
she's very bright."
To me she seems essentially a
romantic character embodying an
idealized concept of womanhood, a
concept more familiar to an Eliza
bethan audience than to one of to
day. However, there is all the more
reason for taking her seriously and
trying to make her understandable
because her philosophy does seem
so far removed from ours.
—Olive Krauthoff.

According to a recent bulletin of
the National Social Security Board,
there were 41.000 needy blind per
sons in the United States to whom
more than $1,000,000 per month is
being paid.
The Editor, Sir:
I should like to fill in the gaps
left by the statement in last Thurs
day's Daily relative to my interpre
tation of Hermione in "A Winter's
Tale." 'She is submissive — all
sweetness and light. I don't think
she's very bright."
To me she seems essentially a
romantic character embodying an
idealized concept of womanhood, a
concept more familiar to an Eliza
bethan audience than to one of to
day. However, there is all the more
reason for taking her seriously and
trying to make her understandable
because her philosophy does seem
so far removed from ours.
—Olive Krauthoff.

According to a recent bulletin of
the National Social Security Board,
there were 41.000 needy blind per
sons in the United States to whom
more than $1,000,000 per month is
being paid.
The Editor, Sir:
I should like to fill in the gaps
left by the statement in last Thurs
day's Daily relative to my interpre
tation of Hermione in "A Winter's
Tale." 'She is submissive — all
sweetness and light. I don't think
she's very bright."
To me she seems essentially a
romantic character embodying an
idealized concept of womanhood, a
concept more familiar to an Eliza
bethan audience than to one of to
day. However, there is all the more
reason for taking her seriously and
trying to make her understandable
because her philosophy does seem
so far removed from ours.
—Olive Krauthoff.

According to a recent bulletin of
the National Social Security Board,
there were 41.000 needy blind per
sons in the United States to whom
more than $1,000,000 per month is
being paid.
The Editor, Sir:
I should like to fill in the gaps
left by the statement in last Thurs
day's Daily relative to my interpre
tation of Hermione in "A Winter's
Tale." 'She is submissive — all
sweetness and light. I don't think
she's very bright."
To me she seems essentially a
romantic character embodying an
idealized concept of womanhood, a
concept more familiar to an Eliza
bethan audience than to one of to
day. However, there is all the more
reason for taking her seriously and
trying to make her understandable
because her philosophy does seem
so far removed from ours.
—Olive Krauthoff.

According to a recent bulletin of
the National Social Security Board,
there were 41.000 needy blind per
sons in the United States to whom
more than $1,000,000 per month is
being paid.
The Editor, Sir:
I should like to fill in the gaps
left by the statement in last Thurs
day's Daily relative to my interpre
tation of Hermione in "A Winter's
Tale." 'She is submissive — all
sweetness and light. I don't think
she's very bright."
To me she seems essentially a
romantic character embodying an
idealized concept of womanhood, a
concept more familiar to an Eliza
bethan audience than to one of to
day. However, there is all the more
reason for taking her seriously and
trying to make her understandable
because her philosophy does seem
so far removed from ours.
—Olive Krauthoff.

According to a recent bulletin of
the National Social Security Board,
there were 41.000 needy blind per
sons in the United States to whom
more than $1,000,000 per month is
being paid.
The Editor, Sir:
I should like to fill in the gaps
left by the statement in last Thurs
day's Daily relative to my interpre
tation of Hermione in "A Winter's
Tale." 'She is submissive — all
sweetness and light. I don't think
she's very bright."
To me she seems essentially a
romantic character embodying an
idealized concept of womanhood, a
concept more familiar to an Eliza
bethan audience than to one of to
day. However, there is all the more
reason for taking her seriously and
trying to make her understandable
because her philosophy does seem
so far removed from ours.
—Olive Krauthoff.

According to a recent bulletin of
the National Social Security Board,
there were 41.000 needy blind per
sons in the United States to whom
more than $1,000,000 per month is
being paid.
The Editor, Sir:
I should like to fill in the gaps
left by the statement in last Thurs
day's Daily relative to my interpre
tation of Hermione in "A Winter's
Tale." 'She is submissive — all
sweetness and light. I don't think
she's very bright."
To me she seems essentially a
romantic character embodying an
idealized concept of womanhood, a
concept more familiar to an Eliza
bethan audience than to one of to
day. However, there is all the more
reason for taking her seriously and
trying to make her understandable
because her philosophy does seem
so far removed from ours.
—Olive Krauthoff.

According to a recent bulletin of
the National Social Security Board,
there were 41.000 needy blind per
sons in the United States to whom
more than $1,000,000 per month is
being paid.
The Editor, Sir:
I should like to fill in the gaps
left by the statement in last Thurs
day's Daily relative to my interpre
tation of Hermione in "A Winter's
Tale." 'She is submissive — all
sweetness and light. I don't think
she's very bright."
To me she seems essentially a
romantic character embodying an
idealized concept of womanhood, a
concept more familiar to an Eliza
bethan audience than to one of to
day. However, there is all the more
reason for taking her seriously and
trying to make her understandable
because her philosophy does seem
so far removed from ours.
—Olive Krauthoff.

According to a recent bulletin of
the National Social Security Board,
there were 41.000 needy blind per
sons in the United States to whom
more than $1,000,000 per month is
being paid.
The Editor, Sir:
I should like to fill in the gaps
left by the statement in last Thurs
day's Daily relative to my interpre
tation of Hermione in "A Winter's
Tale." 'She is submissive — all
sweetness and light. I don't think
she's very bright."
To me she seems essentially a
romantic character embodying an
idealized concept of womanhood, a
concept more familiar to an Eliza
bethan audience than to one of to
day. However, there is all the more
reason for taking her seriously and
trying to make her understandable
because her philosophy does seem
so far removed from ours.
—Olive Krauthoff.

According to a recent bulletin of
the National Social Security Board,
there were 41.000 needy blind per
sons in the United States to whom
more than $1,000,000 per month is
being paid.
