# S. H. HIGGINBOTTOM TO DELIVER SERMON IN MEMORIAL CHURCH
## 
### 
Samuel Higginbottom will deliver the
special sermon in the Memorial Church
on Sunday, February 6. He is a mis
sionary of long standing, having gone
to India in 1903 in the interests of the
Christian Church. As principal of the
Allahabad Agricultural Institute, lie is
doing a great work in the solving of
India's agricultural problems. Mr. Hig
ginbottom is the inventor of the famous
underground silo. By the use of this
silo, fodder is on hand when days of
drought come. In addition to this, he
has made such improvements on the old
Indian plow that a very much deeper
furrow can be plowed by the native. He
has specialized in animal husbandry,
dairying, horticulture, and has demon
strated to the natives and the govern
ment the value of scientific farming in
that country. The Maharajah of the
Province has repeatedly offered Mr.
Higginbottom the position of Secretary
of Agriculture, but he has kept up his
work as consulting agricultural expert.
Those who heard him speak in the Lit
tle Theater Tuesday evening corroborate
the fact that Mr. Higginbottom is. as a
speaker, unique, expressing his message
in a clear and gripping manner.
