# R.O.T.C. UNIT TO BE INSPECTED THIS WEEK
## 
### 
Major H. L. Jordan, U. S. A. of the
Ninth Corps Area, attached to General
Morton's staff, will he on the campus
Friday to inspect the Stanford Field Ar
tillery unit of the R. O. T. C. Major
Jordan has replaced Colonel M. N. Fall,
who was the officer previously in charge
of the Reserve Officers' Training Corps
units.
According to Major Collins, there will
probably be no formation of the unit, but
Major Jordan will inspect the classes
while in session, and the material and
records.
Major H. L. Jordan, U. S. A. of the
Ninth Corps Area, attached to General
Morton's staff, will he on the campus
Friday to inspect the Stanford Field Ar
tillery unit of the R. O. T. C. Major
Jordan has replaced Colonel M. N. Fall,
who was the officer previously in charge
of the Reserve Officers' Training Corps
units.
According to Major Collins, there will
probably be no formation of the unit, but
Major Jordan will inspect the classes
while in session, and the material and
records.
Major H. L. Jordan, U. S. A. of the
Ninth Corps Area, attached to General
Morton's staff, will he on the campus
Friday to inspect the Stanford Field Ar
tillery unit of the R. O. T. C. Major
Jordan has replaced Colonel M. N. Fall,
who was the officer previously in charge
of the Reserve Officers' Training Corps
units.
According to Major Collins, there will
probably be no formation of the unit, but
Major Jordan will inspect the classes
while in session, and the material and
records.
Major H. L. Jordan, U. S. A. of the
Ninth Corps Area, attached to General
Morton's staff, will he on the campus
Friday to inspect the Stanford Field Ar
tillery unit of the R. O. T. C. Major
Jordan has replaced Colonel M. N. Fall,
who was the officer previously in charge
of the Reserve Officers' Training Corps
units.
According to Major Collins, there will
probably be no formation of the unit, but
Major Jordan will inspect the classes
while in session, and the material and
records.
Major H. L. Jordan, U. S. A. of the
Ninth Corps Area, attached to General
Morton's staff, will he on the campus
Friday to inspect the Stanford Field Ar
tillery unit of the R. O. T. C. Major
Jordan has replaced Colonel M. N. Fall,
who was the officer previously in charge
of the Reserve Officers' Training Corps
units.
According to Major Collins, there will
probably be no formation of the unit, but
Major Jordan will inspect the classes
while in session, and the material and
records.
Major H. L. Jordan, U. S. A. of the
Ninth Corps Area, attached to General
Morton's staff, will he on the campus
Friday to inspect the Stanford Field Ar
tillery unit of the R. O. T. C. Major
Jordan has replaced Colonel M. N. Fall,
who was the officer previously in charge
of the Reserve Officers' Training Corps
units.
According to Major Collins, there will
probably be no formation of the unit, but
Major Jordan will inspect the classes
while in session, and the material and
records.
Major H. L. Jordan, U. S. A. of the
Ninth Corps Area, attached to General
Morton's staff, will he on the campus
Friday to inspect the Stanford Field Ar
tillery unit of the R. O. T. C. Major
Jordan has replaced Colonel M. N. Fall,
who was the officer previously in charge
of the Reserve Officers' Training Corps
units.
According to Major Collins, there will
probably be no formation of the unit, but
Major Jordan will inspect the classes
while in session, and the material and
records.
Major H. L. Jordan, U. S. A. of the
Ninth Corps Area, attached to General
Morton's staff, will he on the campus
Friday to inspect the Stanford Field Ar
tillery unit of the R. O. T. C. Major
Jordan has replaced Colonel M. N. Fall,
who was the officer previously in charge
of the Reserve Officers' Training Corps
units.
According to Major Collins, there will
probably be no formation of the unit, but
Major Jordan will inspect the classes
while in session, and the material and
records.
Major H. L. Jordan, U. S. A. of the
Ninth Corps Area, attached to General
Morton's staff, will he on the campus
Friday to inspect the Stanford Field Ar
tillery unit of the R. O. T. C. Major
Jordan has replaced Colonel M. N. Fall,
who was the officer previously in charge
of the Reserve Officers' Training Corps
units.
According to Major Collins, there will
probably be no formation of the unit, but
Major Jordan will inspect the classes
while in session, and the material and
records.
Major H. L. Jordan, U. S. A. of the
Ninth Corps Area, attached to General
Morton's staff, will he on the campus
Friday to inspect the Stanford Field Ar
tillery unit of the R. O. T. C. Major
Jordan has replaced Colonel M. N. Fall,
who was the officer previously in charge
of the Reserve Officers' Training Corps
units.
According to Major Collins, there will
probably be no formation of the unit, but
Major Jordan will inspect the classes
while in session, and the material and
records.
Major H. L. Jordan, U. S. A. of the
Ninth Corps Area, attached to General
Morton's staff, will he on the campus
Friday to inspect the Stanford Field Ar
tillery unit of the R. O. T. C. Major
Jordan has replaced Colonel M. N. Fall,
who was the officer previously in charge
of the Reserve Officers' Training Corps
units.
According to Major Collins, there will
probably be no formation of the unit, but
Major Jordan will inspect the classes
while in session, and the material and
records.
Major H. L. Jordan, U. S. A. of the
Ninth Corps Area, attached to General
Morton's staff, will he on the campus
Friday to inspect the Stanford Field Ar
tillery unit of the R. O. T. C. Major
Jordan has replaced Colonel M. N. Fall,
who was the officer previously in charge
of the Reserve Officers' Training Corps
units.
According to Major Collins, there will
probably be no formation of the unit, but
Major Jordan will inspect the classes
while in session, and the material and
records.
Major H. L. Jordan, U. S. A. of the
Ninth Corps Area, attached to General
Morton's staff, will he on the campus
Friday to inspect the Stanford Field Ar
tillery unit of the R. O. T. C. Major
Jordan has replaced Colonel M. N. Fall,
who was the officer previously in charge
of the Reserve Officers' Training Corps
units.
According to Major Collins, there will
probably be no formation of the unit, but
Major Jordan will inspect the classes
while in session, and the material and
records.
Major H. L. Jordan, U. S. A. of the
Ninth Corps Area, attached to General
Morton's staff, will he on the campus
Friday to inspect the Stanford Field Ar
tillery unit of the R. O. T. C. Major
Jordan has replaced Colonel M. N. Fall,
who was the officer previously in charge
of the Reserve Officers' Training Corps
units.
According to Major Collins, there will
probably be no formation of the unit, but
Major Jordan will inspect the classes
while in session, and the material and
records.
Major H. L. Jordan, U. S. A. of the
Ninth Corps Area, attached to General
Morton's staff, will he on the campus
Friday to inspect the Stanford Field Ar
tillery unit of the R. O. T. C. Major
Jordan has replaced Colonel M. N. Fall,
who was the officer previously in charge
of the Reserve Officers' Training Corps
units.
According to Major Collins, there will
probably be no formation of the unit, but
Major Jordan will inspect the classes
while in session, and the material and
records.
