# Ad Protests Vietnam War
## 
### STEVE GRUBER 
In an advertisement printed in
the weekly Nalion.il Guardian, 87
men of draft age have signed a
statement saying they will not
fight in Vietnam.
Several other liberal publica
tions allegedly refused to print
t he advert isement.
THE ADVERTISEMENT was
formulated in the manner of one
written by French students op
posing the Algerian war. It
asserted that the youths accepted
"our obligations to defend our
country and to serve in the armed
forces."
"Believing that United States
participation in that war is for
the suppression of the Vietnam
ese struggle for national indepen
dence." the advertisement said,
"we see no justification for our
involvement."
Tllli SCHOOLS represented

are Columbia, New York Univer
sity. New York City College, Har
vard, Yale, Haverford, the Univer
sity of Connecticut. Wisconsin.
Clark, Carleton, Wesleyan Uni
versity and San Francisco State.
The signers included a wide
range of the political spectrum.
At one end there is a Marxist-
Leninist group that backs Peking
in the Sino-Soviet controversy. At
the other end there is a young
man claiming to be a limited pa
cifist.
Some of those who signed the
advertisement were in the group
that flew to Cuba last summer in
defiance of a State Department
ban.
SOME ARE now conducting
drives for medical supplies for
the Victcong guerillas in Vietnam.
Some are organizing a series of
rallies for next Saturday to pro
tect the United States' presence
in Vietnam.

Philip A. Luce, who is now uti
dor indictment for the trip tc
Cuba, was the sponsor of Iho ad
vertisemcnt. He is a loader foi
Ihe Emergency Civil Liberties
Committee.
Luce, who said he was an un
affiliated socialist, explained thai
the advertisement had its genesis
in a meeting at Yale last month
attended by 100 students from 21
colleges.
THK STIWKNTS, who met tc
discuss problems of socialism ii
the United States, concluded thai
a dramatic gesture was necos
sary. This gesture was the adver
t iscmcnt.
One of the students, Alberi
Maher. is the son of a Houstor
oil millionaire. He is now oi
leave of absence from Harvard
He commented, "My family i;
something I can't control. I fine
myself in this family. As an indi
vidua I I develop my own life."
In an advertisement printed in
the weekly Nalion.il Guardian, 87
men of draft age have signed a
statement saying they will not
fight in Vietnam.
Several other liberal publica
tions allegedly refused to print
t he advert isement.
THE ADVERTISEMENT was
formulated in the manner of one
written by French students op
posing the Algerian war. It
asserted that the youths accepted
"our obligations to defend our
country and to serve in the armed
forces."
"Believing that United States
participation in that war is for
the suppression of the Vietnam
ese struggle for national indepen
dence." the advertisement said,
"we see no justification for our
involvement."
Tllli SCHOOLS represented

are Columbia, New York Univer
sity. New York City College, Har
vard, Yale, Haverford, the Univer
sity of Connecticut. Wisconsin.
Clark, Carleton, Wesleyan Uni
versity and San Francisco State.
The signers included a wide
range of the political spectrum.
At one end there is a Marxist-
Leninist group that backs Peking
in the Sino-Soviet controversy. At
the other end there is a young
man claiming to be a limited pa
cifist.
Some of those who signed the
advertisement were in the group
that flew to Cuba last summer in
defiance of a State Department
ban.
SOME ARE now conducting
drives for medical supplies for
the Victcong guerillas in Vietnam.
Some are organizing a series of
rallies for next Saturday to pro
tect the United States' presence
in Vietnam.

Philip A. Luce, who is now uti
dor indictment for the trip tc
Cuba, was the sponsor of Iho ad
vertisemcnt. He is a loader foi
Ihe Emergency Civil Liberties
Committee.
Luce, who said he was an un
affiliated socialist, explained thai
the advertisement had its genesis
in a meeting at Yale last month
attended by 100 students from 21
colleges.
THK STIWKNTS, who met tc
discuss problems of socialism ii
the United States, concluded thai
a dramatic gesture was necos
sary. This gesture was the adver
t iscmcnt.
One of the students, Alberi
Maher. is the son of a Houstor
oil millionaire. He is now oi
leave of absence from Harvard
He commented, "My family i;
something I can't control. I fine
myself in this family. As an indi
vidua I I develop my own life."
In an advertisement printed in
the weekly Nalion.il Guardian, 87
men of draft age have signed a
statement saying they will not
fight in Vietnam.
Several other liberal publica
tions allegedly refused to print
t he advert isement.
THE ADVERTISEMENT was
formulated in the manner of one
written by French students op
posing the Algerian war. It
asserted that the youths accepted
"our obligations to defend our
country and to serve in the armed
forces."
"Believing that United States
participation in that war is for
the suppression of the Vietnam
ese struggle for national indepen
dence." the advertisement said,
"we see no justification for our
involvement."
Tllli SCHOOLS represented

are Columbia, New York Univer
sity. New York City College, Har
vard, Yale, Haverford, the Univer
sity of Connecticut. Wisconsin.
Clark, Carleton, Wesleyan Uni
versity and San Francisco State.
The signers included a wide
range of the political spectrum.
At one end there is a Marxist-
Leninist group that backs Peking
in the Sino-Soviet controversy. At
the other end there is a young
man claiming to be a limited pa
cifist.
Some of those who signed the
advertisement were in the group
that flew to Cuba last summer in
defiance of a State Department
ban.
SOME ARE now conducting
drives for medical supplies for
the Victcong guerillas in Vietnam.
Some are organizing a series of
rallies for next Saturday to pro
tect the United States' presence
in Vietnam.

Philip A. Luce, who is now uti
dor indictment for the trip tc
Cuba, was the sponsor of Iho ad
vertisemcnt. He is a loader foi
Ihe Emergency Civil Liberties
Committee.
Luce, who said he was an un
affiliated socialist, explained thai
the advertisement had its genesis
in a meeting at Yale last month
attended by 100 students from 21
colleges.
THK STIWKNTS, who met tc
discuss problems of socialism ii
the United States, concluded thai
a dramatic gesture was necos
sary. This gesture was the adver
t iscmcnt.
One of the students, Alberi
Maher. is the son of a Houstor
oil millionaire. He is now oi
leave of absence from Harvard
He commented, "My family i;
something I can't control. I fine
myself in this family. As an indi
vidua I I develop my own life."
In an advertisement printed in
the weekly Nalion.il Guardian, 87
men of draft age have signed a
statement saying they will not
fight in Vietnam.
Several other liberal publica
tions allegedly refused to print
t he advert isement.
THE ADVERTISEMENT was
formulated in the manner of one
written by French students op
posing the Algerian war. It
asserted that the youths accepted
"our obligations to defend our
country and to serve in the armed
forces."
"Believing that United States
participation in that war is for
the suppression of the Vietnam
ese struggle for national indepen
dence." the advertisement said,
"we see no justification for our
involvement."
Tllli SCHOOLS represented

are Columbia, New York Univer
sity. New York City College, Har
vard, Yale, Haverford, the Univer
sity of Connecticut. Wisconsin.
Clark, Carleton, Wesleyan Uni
versity and San Francisco State.
The signers included a wide
range of the political spectrum.
At one end there is a Marxist-
Leninist group that backs Peking
in the Sino-Soviet controversy. At
the other end there is a young
man claiming to be a limited pa
cifist.
Some of those who signed the
advertisement were in the group
that flew to Cuba last summer in
defiance of a State Department
ban.
SOME ARE now conducting
drives for medical supplies for
the Victcong guerillas in Vietnam.
Some are organizing a series of
rallies for next Saturday to pro
tect the United States' presence
in Vietnam.

Philip A. Luce, who is now uti
dor indictment for the trip tc
Cuba, was the sponsor of Iho ad
vertisemcnt. He is a loader foi
Ihe Emergency Civil Liberties
Committee.
Luce, who said he was an un
affiliated socialist, explained thai
the advertisement had its genesis
in a meeting at Yale last month
attended by 100 students from 21
colleges.
THK STIWKNTS, who met tc
discuss problems of socialism ii
the United States, concluded thai
a dramatic gesture was necos
sary. This gesture was the adver
t iscmcnt.
One of the students, Alberi
Maher. is the son of a Houstor
oil millionaire. He is now oi
leave of absence from Harvard
He commented, "My family i;
something I can't control. I fine
myself in this family. As an indi
vidua I I develop my own life."
In an advertisement printed in
the weekly Nalion.il Guardian, 87
men of draft age have signed a
statement saying they will not
fight in Vietnam.
Several other liberal publica
tions allegedly refused to print
t he advert isement.
THE ADVERTISEMENT was
formulated in the manner of one
written by French students op
posing the Algerian war. It
asserted that the youths accepted
"our obligations to defend our
country and to serve in the armed
forces."
"Believing that United States
participation in that war is for
the suppression of the Vietnam
ese struggle for national indepen
dence." the advertisement said,
"we see no justification for our
involvement."
Tllli SCHOOLS represented

are Columbia, New York Univer
sity. New York City College, Har
vard, Yale, Haverford, the Univer
sity of Connecticut. Wisconsin.
Clark, Carleton, Wesleyan Uni
versity and San Francisco State.
The signers included a wide
range of the political spectrum.
At one end there is a Marxist-
Leninist group that backs Peking
in the Sino-Soviet controversy. At
the other end there is a young
man claiming to be a limited pa
cifist.
Some of those who signed the
advertisement were in the group
that flew to Cuba last summer in
defiance of a State Department
ban.
SOME ARE now conducting
drives for medical supplies for
the Victcong guerillas in Vietnam.
Some are organizing a series of
rallies for next Saturday to pro
tect the United States' presence
in Vietnam.

Philip A. Luce, who is now uti
dor indictment for the trip tc
Cuba, was the sponsor of Iho ad
vertisemcnt. He is a loader foi
Ihe Emergency Civil Liberties
Committee.
Luce, who said he was an un
affiliated socialist, explained thai
the advertisement had its genesis
in a meeting at Yale last month
attended by 100 students from 21
colleges.
THK STIWKNTS, who met tc
discuss problems of socialism ii
the United States, concluded thai
a dramatic gesture was necos
sary. This gesture was the adver
t iscmcnt.
One of the students, Alberi
Maher. is the son of a Houstor
oil millionaire. He is now oi
leave of absence from Harvard
He commented, "My family i;
something I can't control. I fine
myself in this family. As an indi
vidua I I develop my own life."
In an advertisement printed in
the weekly Nalion.il Guardian, 87
men of draft age have signed a
statement saying they will not
fight in Vietnam.
Several other liberal publica
tions allegedly refused to print
t he advert isement.
THE ADVERTISEMENT was
formulated in the manner of one
written by French students op
posing the Algerian war. It
asserted that the youths accepted
"our obligations to defend our
country and to serve in the armed
forces."
"Believing that United States
participation in that war is for
the suppression of the Vietnam
ese struggle for national indepen
dence." the advertisement said,
"we see no justification for our
involvement."
Tllli SCHOOLS represented

are Columbia, New York Univer
sity. New York City College, Har
vard, Yale, Haverford, the Univer
sity of Connecticut. Wisconsin.
Clark, Carleton, Wesleyan Uni
versity and San Francisco State.
The signers included a wide
range of the political spectrum.
At one end there is a Marxist-
Leninist group that backs Peking
in the Sino-Soviet controversy. At
the other end there is a young
man claiming to be a limited pa
cifist.
Some of those who signed the
advertisement were in the group
that flew to Cuba last summer in
defiance of a State Department
ban.
SOME ARE now conducting
drives for medical supplies for
the Victcong guerillas in Vietnam.
Some are organizing a series of
rallies for next Saturday to pro
tect the United States' presence
in Vietnam.

Philip A. Luce, who is now uti
dor indictment for the trip tc
Cuba, was the sponsor of Iho ad
vertisemcnt. He is a loader foi
Ihe Emergency Civil Liberties
Committee.
Luce, who said he was an un
affiliated socialist, explained thai
the advertisement had its genesis
in a meeting at Yale last month
attended by 100 students from 21
colleges.
THK STIWKNTS, who met tc
discuss problems of socialism ii
the United States, concluded thai
a dramatic gesture was necos
sary. This gesture was the adver
t iscmcnt.
One of the students, Alberi
Maher. is the son of a Houstor
oil millionaire. He is now oi
leave of absence from Harvard
He commented, "My family i;
something I can't control. I fine
myself in this family. As an indi
vidua I I develop my own life."
In an advertisement printed in
the weekly Nalion.il Guardian, 87
men of draft age have signed a
statement saying they will not
fight in Vietnam.
Several other liberal publica
tions allegedly refused to print
t he advert isement.
THE ADVERTISEMENT was
formulated in the manner of one
written by French students op
posing the Algerian war. It
asserted that the youths accepted
"our obligations to defend our
country and to serve in the armed
forces."
"Believing that United States
participation in that war is for
the suppression of the Vietnam
ese struggle for national indepen
dence." the advertisement said,
"we see no justification for our
involvement."
Tllli SCHOOLS represented

are Columbia, New York Univer
sity. New York City College, Har
vard, Yale, Haverford, the Univer
sity of Connecticut. Wisconsin.
Clark, Carleton, Wesleyan Uni
versity and San Francisco State.
The signers included a wide
range of the political spectrum.
At one end there is a Marxist-
Leninist group that backs Peking
in the Sino-Soviet controversy. At
the other end there is a young
man claiming to be a limited pa
cifist.
Some of those who signed the
advertisement were in the group
that flew to Cuba last summer in
defiance of a State Department
ban.
SOME ARE now conducting
drives for medical supplies for
the Victcong guerillas in Vietnam.
Some are organizing a series of
rallies for next Saturday to pro
tect the United States' presence
in Vietnam.

Philip A. Luce, who is now uti
dor indictment for the trip tc
Cuba, was the sponsor of Iho ad
vertisemcnt. He is a loader foi
Ihe Emergency Civil Liberties
Committee.
Luce, who said he was an un
affiliated socialist, explained thai
the advertisement had its genesis
in a meeting at Yale last month
attended by 100 students from 21
colleges.
THK STIWKNTS, who met tc
discuss problems of socialism ii
the United States, concluded thai
a dramatic gesture was necos
sary. This gesture was the adver
t iscmcnt.
One of the students, Alberi
Maher. is the son of a Houstor
oil millionaire. He is now oi
leave of absence from Harvard
He commented, "My family i;
something I can't control. I fine
myself in this family. As an indi
vidua I I develop my own life."
In an advertisement printed in
the weekly Nalion.il Guardian, 87
men of draft age have signed a
statement saying they will not
fight in Vietnam.
Several other liberal publica
tions allegedly refused to print
t he advert isement.
THE ADVERTISEMENT was
formulated in the manner of one
written by French students op
posing the Algerian war. It
asserted that the youths accepted
"our obligations to defend our
country and to serve in the armed
forces."
"Believing that United States
participation in that war is for
the suppression of the Vietnam
ese struggle for national indepen
dence." the advertisement said,
"we see no justification for our
involvement."
Tllli SCHOOLS represented

are Columbia, New York Univer
sity. New York City College, Har
vard, Yale, Haverford, the Univer
sity of Connecticut. Wisconsin.
Clark, Carleton, Wesleyan Uni
versity and San Francisco State.
The signers included a wide
range of the political spectrum.
At one end there is a Marxist-
Leninist group that backs Peking
in the Sino-Soviet controversy. At
the other end there is a young
man claiming to be a limited pa
cifist.
Some of those who signed the
advertisement were in the group
that flew to Cuba last summer in
defiance of a State Department
ban.
SOME ARE now conducting
drives for medical supplies for
the Victcong guerillas in Vietnam.
Some are organizing a series of
rallies for next Saturday to pro
tect the United States' presence
in Vietnam.

Philip A. Luce, who is now uti
dor indictment for the trip tc
Cuba, was the sponsor of Iho ad
vertisemcnt. He is a loader foi
Ihe Emergency Civil Liberties
Committee.
Luce, who said he was an un
affiliated socialist, explained thai
the advertisement had its genesis
in a meeting at Yale last month
attended by 100 students from 21
colleges.
THK STIWKNTS, who met tc
discuss problems of socialism ii
the United States, concluded thai
a dramatic gesture was necos
sary. This gesture was the adver
t iscmcnt.
One of the students, Alberi
Maher. is the son of a Houstor
oil millionaire. He is now oi
leave of absence from Harvard
He commented, "My family i;
something I can't control. I fine
myself in this family. As an indi
vidua I I develop my own life."
In an advertisement printed in
the weekly Nalion.il Guardian, 87
men of draft age have signed a
statement saying they will not
fight in Vietnam.
Several other liberal publica
tions allegedly refused to print
t he advert isement.
THE ADVERTISEMENT was
formulated in the manner of one
written by French students op
posing the Algerian war. It
asserted that the youths accepted
"our obligations to defend our
country and to serve in the armed
forces."
"Believing that United States
participation in that war is for
the suppression of the Vietnam
ese struggle for national indepen
dence." the advertisement said,
"we see no justification for our
involvement."
Tllli SCHOOLS represented

are Columbia, New York Univer
sity. New York City College, Har
vard, Yale, Haverford, the Univer
sity of Connecticut. Wisconsin.
Clark, Carleton, Wesleyan Uni
versity and San Francisco State.
The signers included a wide
range of the political spectrum.
At one end there is a Marxist-
Leninist group that backs Peking
in the Sino-Soviet controversy. At
the other end there is a young
man claiming to be a limited pa
cifist.
Some of those who signed the
advertisement were in the group
that flew to Cuba last summer in
defiance of a State Department
ban.
SOME ARE now conducting
drives for medical supplies for
the Victcong guerillas in Vietnam.
Some are organizing a series of
rallies for next Saturday to pro
tect the United States' presence
in Vietnam.

Philip A. Luce, who is now uti
dor indictment for the trip tc
Cuba, was the sponsor of Iho ad
vertisemcnt. He is a loader foi
Ihe Emergency Civil Liberties
Committee.
Luce, who said he was an un
affiliated socialist, explained thai
the advertisement had its genesis
in a meeting at Yale last month
attended by 100 students from 21
colleges.
THK STIWKNTS, who met tc
discuss problems of socialism ii
the United States, concluded thai
a dramatic gesture was necos
sary. This gesture was the adver
t iscmcnt.
One of the students, Alberi
Maher. is the son of a Houstor
oil millionaire. He is now oi
leave of absence from Harvard
He commented, "My family i;
something I can't control. I fine
myself in this family. As an indi
vidua I I develop my own life."
In an advertisement printed in
the weekly Nalion.il Guardian, 87
men of draft age have signed a
statement saying they will not
fight in Vietnam.
Several other liberal publica
tions allegedly refused to print
t he advert isement.
THE ADVERTISEMENT was
formulated in the manner of one
written by French students op
posing the Algerian war. It
asserted that the youths accepted
"our obligations to defend our
country and to serve in the armed
forces."
"Believing that United States
participation in that war is for
the suppression of the Vietnam
ese struggle for national indepen
dence." the advertisement said,
"we see no justification for our
involvement."
Tllli SCHOOLS represented

are Columbia, New York Univer
sity. New York City College, Har
vard, Yale, Haverford, the Univer
sity of Connecticut. Wisconsin.
Clark, Carleton, Wesleyan Uni
versity and San Francisco State.
The signers included a wide
range of the political spectrum.
At one end there is a Marxist-
Leninist group that backs Peking
in the Sino-Soviet controversy. At
the other end there is a young
man claiming to be a limited pa
cifist.
Some of those who signed the
advertisement were in the group
that flew to Cuba last summer in
defiance of a State Department
ban.
SOME ARE now conducting
drives for medical supplies for
the Victcong guerillas in Vietnam.
Some are organizing a series of
rallies for next Saturday to pro
tect the United States' presence
in Vietnam.

Philip A. Luce, who is now uti
dor indictment for the trip tc
Cuba, was the sponsor of Iho ad
vertisemcnt. He is a loader foi
Ihe Emergency Civil Liberties
Committee.
Luce, who said he was an un
affiliated socialist, explained thai
the advertisement had its genesis
in a meeting at Yale last month
attended by 100 students from 21
colleges.
THK STIWKNTS, who met tc
discuss problems of socialism ii
the United States, concluded thai
a dramatic gesture was necos
sary. This gesture was the adver
t iscmcnt.
One of the students, Alberi
Maher. is the son of a Houstor
oil millionaire. He is now oi
leave of absence from Harvard
He commented, "My family i;
something I can't control. I fine
myself in this family. As an indi
vidua I I develop my own life."
In an advertisement printed in
the weekly Nalion.il Guardian, 87
men of draft age have signed a
statement saying they will not
fight in Vietnam.
Several other liberal publica
tions allegedly refused to print
t he advert isement.
THE ADVERTISEMENT was
formulated in the manner of one
written by French students op
posing the Algerian war. It
asserted that the youths accepted
"our obligations to defend our
country and to serve in the armed
forces."
"Believing that United States
participation in that war is for
the suppression of the Vietnam
ese struggle for national indepen
dence." the advertisement said,
"we see no justification for our
involvement."
Tllli SCHOOLS represented

are Columbia, New York Univer
sity. New York City College, Har
vard, Yale, Haverford, the Univer
sity of Connecticut. Wisconsin.
Clark, Carleton, Wesleyan Uni
versity and San Francisco State.
The signers included a wide
range of the political spectrum.
At one end there is a Marxist-
Leninist group that backs Peking
in the Sino-Soviet controversy. At
the other end there is a young
man claiming to be a limited pa
cifist.
Some of those who signed the
advertisement were in the group
that flew to Cuba last summer in
defiance of a State Department
ban.
SOME ARE now conducting
drives for medical supplies for
the Victcong guerillas in Vietnam.
Some are organizing a series of
rallies for next Saturday to pro
tect the United States' presence
in Vietnam.

Philip A. Luce, who is now uti
dor indictment for the trip tc
Cuba, was the sponsor of Iho ad
vertisemcnt. He is a loader foi
Ihe Emergency Civil Liberties
Committee.
Luce, who said he was an un
affiliated socialist, explained thai
the advertisement had its genesis
in a meeting at Yale last month
attended by 100 students from 21
colleges.
THK STIWKNTS, who met tc
discuss problems of socialism ii
the United States, concluded thai
a dramatic gesture was necos
sary. This gesture was the adver
t iscmcnt.
One of the students, Alberi
Maher. is the son of a Houstor
oil millionaire. He is now oi
leave of absence from Harvard
He commented, "My family i;
something I can't control. I fine
myself in this family. As an indi
vidua I I develop my own life."
In an advertisement printed in
the weekly Nalion.il Guardian, 87
men of draft age have signed a
statement saying they will not
fight in Vietnam.
Several other liberal publica
tions allegedly refused to print
t he advert isement.
THE ADVERTISEMENT was
formulated in the manner of one
written by French students op
posing the Algerian war. It
asserted that the youths accepted
"our obligations to defend our
country and to serve in the armed
forces."
"Believing that United States
participation in that war is for
the suppression of the Vietnam
ese struggle for national indepen
dence." the advertisement said,
"we see no justification for our
involvement."
Tllli SCHOOLS represented

are Columbia, New York Univer
sity. New York City College, Har
vard, Yale, Haverford, the Univer
sity of Connecticut. Wisconsin.
Clark, Carleton, Wesleyan Uni
versity and San Francisco State.
The signers included a wide
range of the political spectrum.
At one end there is a Marxist-
Leninist group that backs Peking
in the Sino-Soviet controversy. At
the other end there is a young
man claiming to be a limited pa
cifist.
Some of those who signed the
advertisement were in the group
that flew to Cuba last summer in
defiance of a State Department
ban.
SOME ARE now conducting
drives for medical supplies for
the Victcong guerillas in Vietnam.
Some are organizing a series of
rallies for next Saturday to pro
tect the United States' presence
in Vietnam.

Philip A. Luce, who is now uti
dor indictment for the trip tc
Cuba, was the sponsor of Iho ad
vertisemcnt. He is a loader foi
Ihe Emergency Civil Liberties
Committee.
Luce, who said he was an un
affiliated socialist, explained thai
the advertisement had its genesis
in a meeting at Yale last month
attended by 100 students from 21
colleges.
THK STIWKNTS, who met tc
discuss problems of socialism ii
the United States, concluded thai
a dramatic gesture was necos
sary. This gesture was the adver
t iscmcnt.
One of the students, Alberi
Maher. is the son of a Houstor
oil millionaire. He is now oi
leave of absence from Harvard
He commented, "My family i;
something I can't control. I fine
myself in this family. As an indi
vidua I I develop my own life."
In an advertisement printed in
the weekly Nalion.il Guardian, 87
men of draft age have signed a
statement saying they will not
fight in Vietnam.
Several other liberal publica
tions allegedly refused to print
t he advert isement.
THE ADVERTISEMENT was
formulated in the manner of one
written by French students op
posing the Algerian war. It
asserted that the youths accepted
"our obligations to defend our
country and to serve in the armed
forces."
"Believing that United States
participation in that war is for
the suppression of the Vietnam
ese struggle for national indepen
dence." the advertisement said,
"we see no justification for our
involvement."
Tllli SCHOOLS represented

are Columbia, New York Univer
sity. New York City College, Har
vard, Yale, Haverford, the Univer
sity of Connecticut. Wisconsin.
Clark, Carleton, Wesleyan Uni
versity and San Francisco State.
The signers included a wide
range of the political spectrum.
At one end there is a Marxist-
Leninist group that backs Peking
in the Sino-Soviet controversy. At
the other end there is a young
man claiming to be a limited pa
cifist.
Some of those who signed the
advertisement were in the group
that flew to Cuba last summer in
defiance of a State Department
ban.
SOME ARE now conducting
drives for medical supplies for
the Victcong guerillas in Vietnam.
Some are organizing a series of
rallies for next Saturday to pro
tect the United States' presence
in Vietnam.

Philip A. Luce, who is now uti
dor indictment for the trip tc
Cuba, was the sponsor of Iho ad
vertisemcnt. He is a loader foi
Ihe Emergency Civil Liberties
Committee.
Luce, who said he was an un
affiliated socialist, explained thai
the advertisement had its genesis
in a meeting at Yale last month
attended by 100 students from 21
colleges.
THK STIWKNTS, who met tc
discuss problems of socialism ii
the United States, concluded thai
a dramatic gesture was necos
sary. This gesture was the adver
t iscmcnt.
One of the students, Alberi
Maher. is the son of a Houstor
oil millionaire. He is now oi
leave of absence from Harvard
He commented, "My family i;
something I can't control. I fine
myself in this family. As an indi
vidua I I develop my own life."
In an advertisement printed in
the weekly Nalion.il Guardian, 87
men of draft age have signed a
statement saying they will not
fight in Vietnam.
Several other liberal publica
tions allegedly refused to print
t he advert isement.
THE ADVERTISEMENT was
formulated in the manner of one
written by French students op
posing the Algerian war. It
asserted that the youths accepted
"our obligations to defend our
country and to serve in the armed
forces."
"Believing that United States
participation in that war is for
the suppression of the Vietnam
ese struggle for national indepen
dence." the advertisement said,
"we see no justification for our
involvement."
Tllli SCHOOLS represented

are Columbia, New York Univer
sity. New York City College, Har
vard, Yale, Haverford, the Univer
sity of Connecticut. Wisconsin.
Clark, Carleton, Wesleyan Uni
versity and San Francisco State.
The signers included a wide
range of the political spectrum.
At one end there is a Marxist-
Leninist group that backs Peking
in the Sino-Soviet controversy. At
the other end there is a young
man claiming to be a limited pa
cifist.
Some of those who signed the
advertisement were in the group
that flew to Cuba last summer in
defiance of a State Department
ban.
SOME ARE now conducting
drives for medical supplies for
the Victcong guerillas in Vietnam.
Some are organizing a series of
rallies for next Saturday to pro
tect the United States' presence
in Vietnam.

Philip A. Luce, who is now uti
dor indictment for the trip tc
Cuba, was the sponsor of Iho ad
vertisemcnt. He is a loader foi
Ihe Emergency Civil Liberties
Committee.
Luce, who said he was an un
affiliated socialist, explained thai
the advertisement had its genesis
in a meeting at Yale last month
attended by 100 students from 21
colleges.
THK STIWKNTS, who met tc
discuss problems of socialism ii
the United States, concluded thai
a dramatic gesture was necos
sary. This gesture was the adver
t iscmcnt.
One of the students, Alberi
Maher. is the son of a Houstor
oil millionaire. He is now oi
leave of absence from Harvard
He commented, "My family i;
something I can't control. I fine
myself in this family. As an indi
vidua I I develop my own life."
In an advertisement printed in
the weekly Nalion.il Guardian, 87
men of draft age have signed a
statement saying they will not
fight in Vietnam.
Several other liberal publica
tions allegedly refused to print
t he advert isement.
THE ADVERTISEMENT was
formulated in the manner of one
written by French students op
posing the Algerian war. It
asserted that the youths accepted
"our obligations to defend our
country and to serve in the armed
forces."
"Believing that United States
participation in that war is for
the suppression of the Vietnam
ese struggle for national indepen
dence." the advertisement said,
"we see no justification for our
involvement."
Tllli SCHOOLS represented

are Columbia, New York Univer
sity. New York City College, Har
vard, Yale, Haverford, the Univer
sity of Connecticut. Wisconsin.
Clark, Carleton, Wesleyan Uni
versity and San Francisco State.
The signers included a wide
range of the political spectrum.
At one end there is a Marxist-
Leninist group that backs Peking
in the Sino-Soviet controversy. At
the other end there is a young
man claiming to be a limited pa
cifist.
Some of those who signed the
advertisement were in the group
that flew to Cuba last summer in
defiance of a State Department
ban.
SOME ARE now conducting
drives for medical supplies for
the Victcong guerillas in Vietnam.
Some are organizing a series of
rallies for next Saturday to pro
tect the United States' presence
in Vietnam.

Philip A. Luce, who is now uti
dor indictment for the trip tc
Cuba, was the sponsor of Iho ad
vertisemcnt. He is a loader foi
Ihe Emergency Civil Liberties
Committee.
Luce, who said he was an un
affiliated socialist, explained thai
the advertisement had its genesis
in a meeting at Yale last month
attended by 100 students from 21
colleges.
THK STIWKNTS, who met tc
discuss problems of socialism ii
the United States, concluded thai
a dramatic gesture was necos
sary. This gesture was the adver
t iscmcnt.
One of the students, Alberi
Maher. is the son of a Houstor
oil millionaire. He is now oi
leave of absence from Harvard
He commented, "My family i;
something I can't control. I fine
myself in this family. As an indi
vidua I I develop my own life."
