# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Spring seems to have brought a
resurgence of campus pranks.
Three formally-dressed freshman
women abducted}. Henry Meyer's
portrait from Meyer Library, May
1. The portrait was returned the
next dav.

Spring seems to have brought a
resurgence of campus pranks.
Three formally-dressed freshman
women abducted}. Henry Meyer's
portrait from Meyer Library, May
1. The portrait was returned the
next dav.

Spring seems to have brought a
resurgence of campus pranks.
Three formally-dressed freshman
women abducted}. Henry Meyer's
portrait from Meyer Library, May
1. The portrait was returned the
next dav.

Spring seems to have brought a
resurgence of campus pranks.
Three formally-dressed freshman
women abducted}. Henry Meyer's
portrait from Meyer Library, May
1. The portrait was returned the
next dav.

Spring seems to have brought a
resurgence of campus pranks.
Three formally-dressed freshman
women abducted}. Henry Meyer's
portrait from Meyer Library, May
1. The portrait was returned the
next dav.

Spring seems to have brought a
resurgence of campus pranks.
Three formally-dressed freshman
women abducted}. Henry Meyer's
portrait from Meyer Library, May
1. The portrait was returned the
next dav.

Spring seems to have brought a
resurgence of campus pranks.
Three formally-dressed freshman
women abducted}. Henry Meyer's
portrait from Meyer Library, May
1. The portrait was returned the
next dav.

Spring seems to have brought a
resurgence of campus pranks.
Three formally-dressed freshman
women abducted}. Henry Meyer's
portrait from Meyer Library, May
1. The portrait was returned the
next dav.

Spring seems to have brought a
resurgence of campus pranks.
Three formally-dressed freshman
women abducted}. Henry Meyer's
portrait from Meyer Library, May
1. The portrait was returned the
next dav.

