# Adv. 52 Page 23
## 
### 
ia'
Wherever you go in life,
"may the road rise up to
meet you."
We love you from coast
to coast.
Mom, Pad, Allison £-
Robert
ia'
Wherever you go in life,
"may the road rise up to
meet you."
We love you from coast
to coast.
Mom, Pad, Allison £-
Robert
ia'
Wherever you go in life,
"may the road rise up to
meet you."
We love you from coast
to coast.
Mom, Pad, Allison £-
Robert
ia'
Wherever you go in life,
"may the road rise up to
meet you."
We love you from coast
to coast.
Mom, Pad, Allison £-
Robert
ia'
Wherever you go in life,
"may the road rise up to
meet you."
We love you from coast
to coast.
Mom, Pad, Allison £-
Robert
ia'
Wherever you go in life,
"may the road rise up to
meet you."
We love you from coast
to coast.
Mom, Pad, Allison £-
Robert
ia'
Wherever you go in life,
"may the road rise up to
meet you."
We love you from coast
to coast.
Mom, Pad, Allison £-
Robert
ia'
Wherever you go in life,
"may the road rise up to
meet you."
We love you from coast
to coast.
Mom, Pad, Allison £-
Robert
