# Adv. 7 Page 2
## 
### 
Complete
F,ied ItalS $000
Chicken
Dinners
Fbiui *1*44
JA "*■*
i t j
T * *
Hp
I
You're fashion's
dream-girl in
maidenfoms
eA
Chansonette...
A firm, young, rounded silhouette
is fashion's ideal —and Chanson
ette gives you exactly that! Cir
cular stitching rounds those
precious curves of yours; s poked
center cups give wonderful ac
centuation! Choose Chansonette*
today in your favorite fabric ...
mi/., u m y+j us from 2.04)
Complete
F,ied ItalS $000
Chicken
Dinners
Fbiui *1*44
JA "*■*
i t j
T * *
Hp
I
You're fashion's
dream-girl in
maidenfoms
eA
Chansonette...
A firm, young, rounded silhouette
is fashion's ideal —and Chanson
ette gives you exactly that! Cir
cular stitching rounds those
precious curves of yours; s poked
center cups give wonderful ac
centuation! Choose Chansonette*
today in your favorite fabric ...
mi/., u m y+j us from 2.04)
Complete
F,ied ItalS $000
Chicken
Dinners
Fbiui *1*44
JA "*■*
i t j
T * *
Hp
I
You're fashion's
dream-girl in
maidenfoms
eA
Chansonette...
A firm, young, rounded silhouette
is fashion's ideal —and Chanson
ette gives you exactly that! Cir
cular stitching rounds those
precious curves of yours; s poked
center cups give wonderful ac
centuation! Choose Chansonette*
today in your favorite fabric ...
mi/., u m y+j us from 2.04)
Complete
F,ied ItalS $000
Chicken
Dinners
Fbiui *1*44
JA "*■*
i t j
T * *
Hp
I
You're fashion's
dream-girl in
maidenfoms
eA
Chansonette...
A firm, young, rounded silhouette
is fashion's ideal —and Chanson
ette gives you exactly that! Cir
cular stitching rounds those
precious curves of yours; s poked
center cups give wonderful ac
centuation! Choose Chansonette*
today in your favorite fabric ...
mi/., u m y+j us from 2.04)
Complete
F,ied ItalS $000
Chicken
Dinners
Fbiui *1*44
JA "*■*
i t j
T * *
Hp
I
You're fashion's
dream-girl in
maidenfoms
eA
Chansonette...
A firm, young, rounded silhouette
is fashion's ideal —and Chanson
ette gives you exactly that! Cir
cular stitching rounds those
precious curves of yours; s poked
center cups give wonderful ac
centuation! Choose Chansonette*
today in your favorite fabric ...
mi/., u m y+j us from 2.04)
Complete
F,ied ItalS $000
Chicken
Dinners
Fbiui *1*44
JA "*■*
i t j
T * *
Hp
I
You're fashion's
dream-girl in
maidenfoms
eA
Chansonette...
A firm, young, rounded silhouette
is fashion's ideal —and Chanson
ette gives you exactly that! Cir
cular stitching rounds those
precious curves of yours; s poked
center cups give wonderful ac
centuation! Choose Chansonette*
today in your favorite fabric ...
mi/., u m y+j us from 2.04)
Complete
F,ied ItalS $000
Chicken
Dinners
Fbiui *1*44
JA "*■*
i t j
T * *
Hp
I
You're fashion's
dream-girl in
maidenfoms
eA
Chansonette...
A firm, young, rounded silhouette
is fashion's ideal —and Chanson
ette gives you exactly that! Cir
cular stitching rounds those
precious curves of yours; s poked
center cups give wonderful ac
centuation! Choose Chansonette*
today in your favorite fabric ...
mi/., u m y+j us from 2.04)
Complete
F,ied ItalS $000
Chicken
Dinners
Fbiui *1*44
JA "*■*
i t j
T * *
Hp
I
You're fashion's
dream-girl in
maidenfoms
eA
Chansonette...
A firm, young, rounded silhouette
is fashion's ideal —and Chanson
ette gives you exactly that! Cir
cular stitching rounds those
precious curves of yours; s poked
center cups give wonderful ac
centuation! Choose Chansonette*
today in your favorite fabric ...
mi/., u m y+j us from 2.04)
Complete
F,ied ItalS $000
Chicken
Dinners
Fbiui *1*44
JA "*■*
i t j
T * *
Hp
I
You're fashion's
dream-girl in
maidenfoms
eA
Chansonette...
A firm, young, rounded silhouette
is fashion's ideal —and Chanson
ette gives you exactly that! Cir
cular stitching rounds those
precious curves of yours; s poked
center cups give wonderful ac
centuation! Choose Chansonette*
today in your favorite fabric ...
mi/., u m y+j us from 2.04)
Complete
F,ied ItalS $000
Chicken
Dinners
Fbiui *1*44
JA "*■*
i t j
T * *
Hp
I
You're fashion's
dream-girl in
maidenfoms
eA
Chansonette...
A firm, young, rounded silhouette
is fashion's ideal —and Chanson
ette gives you exactly that! Cir
cular stitching rounds those
precious curves of yours; s poked
center cups give wonderful ac
centuation! Choose Chansonette*
today in your favorite fabric ...
mi/., u m y+j us from 2.04)
Complete
F,ied ItalS $000
Chicken
Dinners
Fbiui *1*44
JA "*■*
i t j
T * *
Hp
I
You're fashion's
dream-girl in
maidenfoms
eA
Chansonette...
A firm, young, rounded silhouette
is fashion's ideal —and Chanson
ette gives you exactly that! Cir
cular stitching rounds those
precious curves of yours; s poked
center cups give wonderful ac
centuation! Choose Chansonette*
today in your favorite fabric ...
mi/., u m y+j us from 2.04)
Complete
F,ied ItalS $000
Chicken
Dinners
Fbiui *1*44
JA "*■*
i t j
T * *
Hp
I
You're fashion's
dream-girl in
maidenfoms
eA
Chansonette...
A firm, young, rounded silhouette
is fashion's ideal —and Chanson
ette gives you exactly that! Cir
cular stitching rounds those
precious curves of yours; s poked
center cups give wonderful ac
centuation! Choose Chansonette*
today in your favorite fabric ...
mi/., u m y+j us from 2.04)
Complete
F,ied ItalS $000
Chicken
Dinners
Fbiui *1*44
JA "*■*
i t j
T * *
Hp
I
You're fashion's
dream-girl in
maidenfoms
eA
Chansonette...
A firm, young, rounded silhouette
is fashion's ideal —and Chanson
ette gives you exactly that! Cir
cular stitching rounds those
precious curves of yours; s poked
center cups give wonderful ac
centuation! Choose Chansonette*
today in your favorite fabric ...
mi/., u m y+j us from 2.04)
Complete
F,ied ItalS $000
Chicken
Dinners
Fbiui *1*44
JA "*■*
i t j
T * *
Hp
I
You're fashion's
dream-girl in
maidenfoms
eA
Chansonette...
A firm, young, rounded silhouette
is fashion's ideal —and Chanson
ette gives you exactly that! Cir
cular stitching rounds those
precious curves of yours; s poked
center cups give wonderful ac
centuation! Choose Chansonette*
today in your favorite fabric ...
mi/., u m y+j us from 2.04)
Complete
F,ied ItalS $000
Chicken
Dinners
Fbiui *1*44
JA "*■*
i t j
T * *
Hp
I
You're fashion's
dream-girl in
maidenfoms
eA
Chansonette...
A firm, young, rounded silhouette
is fashion's ideal —and Chanson
ette gives you exactly that! Cir
cular stitching rounds those
precious curves of yours; s poked
center cups give wonderful ac
centuation! Choose Chansonette*
today in your favorite fabric ...
mi/., u m y+j us from 2.04)
Complete
F,ied ItalS $000
Chicken
Dinners
Fbiui *1*44
JA "*■*
i t j
T * *
Hp
I
You're fashion's
dream-girl in
maidenfoms
eA
Chansonette...
A firm, young, rounded silhouette
is fashion's ideal —and Chanson
ette gives you exactly that! Cir
cular stitching rounds those
precious curves of yours; s poked
center cups give wonderful ac
centuation! Choose Chansonette*
today in your favorite fabric ...
mi/., u m y+j us from 2.04)
