# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Hurlburt House announces the en
gagement of Lois Mixtcr, '52, to Dick
Bennett, '52.
Hurlburt House announces the en
gagement of Lois Mixtcr, '52, to Dick
Bennett, '52.
Hurlburt House announces the en
gagement of Lois Mixtcr, '52, to Dick
Bennett, '52.
Hurlburt House announces the en
gagement of Lois Mixtcr, '52, to Dick
Bennett, '52.
Hurlburt House announces the en
gagement of Lois Mixtcr, '52, to Dick
Bennett, '52.
Hurlburt House announces the en
gagement of Lois Mixtcr, '52, to Dick
Bennett, '52.
Hurlburt House announces the en
gagement of Lois Mixtcr, '52, to Dick
Bennett, '52.
Hurlburt House announces the en
gagement of Lois Mixtcr, '52, to Dick
Bennett, '52.
Hurlburt House announces the en
gagement of Lois Mixtcr, '52, to Dick
Bennett, '52.
Hurlburt House announces the en
gagement of Lois Mixtcr, '52, to Dick
Bennett, '52.
Hurlburt House announces the en
gagement of Lois Mixtcr, '52, to Dick
Bennett, '52.
Hurlburt House announces the en
gagement of Lois Mixtcr, '52, to Dick
Bennett, '52.
Hurlburt House announces the en
gagement of Lois Mixtcr, '52, to Dick
Bennett, '52.
Hurlburt House announces the en
gagement of Lois Mixtcr, '52, to Dick
Bennett, '52.
Hurlburt House announces the en
gagement of Lois Mixtcr, '52, to Dick
Bennett, '52.
Hurlburt House announces the en
gagement of Lois Mixtcr, '52, to Dick
Bennett, '52.
