# Adv. 17 Page 7
## 
### 
I can
coach
V *
H I can
dance
The truth is, a little of your time can make a lifetime of
difference. Because kids with something to do are less
likely to do drugs. You can help. For more information on
drug prevention programs in your community, call or visit:
1 877 KIDS 313
www.youcanhelpkids.org
I can
coach
V *
H I can
dance
The truth is, a little of your time can make a lifetime of
difference. Because kids with something to do are less
likely to do drugs. You can help. For more information on
drug prevention programs in your community, call or visit:
1 877 KIDS 313
www.youcanhelpkids.org
I can
coach
V *
H I can
dance
The truth is, a little of your time can make a lifetime of
difference. Because kids with something to do are less
likely to do drugs. You can help. For more information on
drug prevention programs in your community, call or visit:
1 877 KIDS 313
www.youcanhelpkids.org
I can
coach
V *
H I can
dance
The truth is, a little of your time can make a lifetime of
difference. Because kids with something to do are less
likely to do drugs. You can help. For more information on
drug prevention programs in your community, call or visit:
1 877 KIDS 313
www.youcanhelpkids.org
I can
coach
V *
H I can
dance
The truth is, a little of your time can make a lifetime of
difference. Because kids with something to do are less
likely to do drugs. You can help. For more information on
drug prevention programs in your community, call or visit:
1 877 KIDS 313
www.youcanhelpkids.org
I can
coach
V *
H I can
dance
The truth is, a little of your time can make a lifetime of
difference. Because kids with something to do are less
likely to do drugs. You can help. For more information on
drug prevention programs in your community, call or visit:
1 877 KIDS 313
www.youcanhelpkids.org
I can
coach
V *
H I can
dance
The truth is, a little of your time can make a lifetime of
difference. Because kids with something to do are less
likely to do drugs. You can help. For more information on
drug prevention programs in your community, call or visit:
1 877 KIDS 313
www.youcanhelpkids.org
I can
coach
V *
H I can
dance
The truth is, a little of your time can make a lifetime of
difference. Because kids with something to do are less
likely to do drugs. You can help. For more information on
drug prevention programs in your community, call or visit:
1 877 KIDS 313
www.youcanhelpkids.org
