# The 						Junior Prom.
## 
### 
The Junior Prom. which is given
tomorrow night in Encina gymnas
iiini promises to be one of the
prettiest dances ever held on the
campus. Pains have not been
spared to make it the swell dance
ot' the year. Every feature of the
Prom. will he carried out on an
elaborate scale. The orchestra is
composed of twelve selected musi
cians of San Francisco under the
leadership of Schnitz. They will
divide into a hand which will play
deux Icdi/> music, and a stringed or
chestra to play waltzes. A harp
will he the accompanying instru
ment. The two orchestras will
combine twice during the evening
and render selections. One of
these selections will be an opera
by Wagner, the other a solo by
Tobin, the best trombonist on the
Coast.
The programs will be artistic
souvenirs of the evening. Original
designs drawn by Miss Phillips,
'97, and Miss Morton. '97, will
grace the covers.
The decorations will be elaborate.
Mr. C. Flenne is personally super
vising the work and is assisted by
an expert decorator from Oakland.
More than 800 yards of bunting
will be used, and this combined
with the greens will transform the
generally bare gymnasium into a
veritable bower.
Refreshments will be served from
11 o'clock on.
Dancing will begin at 8:15 sharp.
Particular pains will be taken to
have the floor in first-class order.
Those who are going in class car
riages must be ready at 7:80. The
carriages will call at that time.
