# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The apathy into which our clubs
organized for the purpose of foster
ing the University's welfare in cer
tain sections have fallen might he
thrown off very profitably now, and
the purpose of these societies ful
filled. The semester is closing,and
there is an amount of missionary
work to he done in ~ 'curing desir
able students for the University.
In the East these organizations ac
complish great good. The Illinois
(Muh at Princeton sent a copy of
"Princeton Stories" and a hook of
Princeton views to every prepara
tory school in Illinois. We havea
hook on "Stanford and There
abouts''which can not fail to create
an interest and admiration for the
scenes we love so much. A copy of
this book placed in the lead ing pre
paratory schools of California by
California clubs would be of great
value in arousing interest in the
University.
The apathy into which our clubs
organized for the purpose of foster
ing the University's welfare in cer
tain sections have fallen might he
thrown off very profitably now, and
the purpose of these societies ful
filled. The semester is closing,and
there is an amount of missionary
work to he done in ~ 'curing desir
able students for the University.
In the East these organizations ac
complish great good. The Illinois
(Muh at Princeton sent a copy of
"Princeton Stories" and a hook of
Princeton views to every prepara
tory school in Illinois. We havea
hook on "Stanford and There
abouts''which can not fail to create
an interest and admiration for the
scenes we love so much. A copy of
this book placed in the lead ing pre
paratory schools of California by
California clubs would be of great
value in arousing interest in the
University.
The apathy into which our clubs
organized for the purpose of foster
ing the University's welfare in cer
tain sections have fallen might he
thrown off very profitably now, and
the purpose of these societies ful
filled. The semester is closing,and
there is an amount of missionary
work to he done in ~ 'curing desir
able students for the University.
In the East these organizations ac
complish great good. The Illinois
(Muh at Princeton sent a copy of
"Princeton Stories" and a hook of
Princeton views to every prepara
tory school in Illinois. We havea
hook on "Stanford and There
abouts''which can not fail to create
an interest and admiration for the
scenes we love so much. A copy of
this book placed in the lead ing pre
paratory schools of California by
California clubs would be of great
value in arousing interest in the
University.
The apathy into which our clubs
organized for the purpose of foster
ing the University's welfare in cer
tain sections have fallen might he
thrown off very profitably now, and
the purpose of these societies ful
filled. The semester is closing,and
there is an amount of missionary
work to he done in ~ 'curing desir
able students for the University.
In the East these organizations ac
complish great good. The Illinois
(Muh at Princeton sent a copy of
"Princeton Stories" and a hook of
Princeton views to every prepara
tory school in Illinois. We havea
hook on "Stanford and There
abouts''which can not fail to create
an interest and admiration for the
scenes we love so much. A copy of
this book placed in the lead ing pre
paratory schools of California by
California clubs would be of great
value in arousing interest in the
University.
