# Staff Meeting
## 
### 
The first staff meeting of the
new volume will he held Sun
day at 1 p.m. in Room 320,
Geology Corner. Attendance is
absolutely compulsory. Style
and organization for the new
volume will he discussed. A
meeting of Wire Editors and
Assistant Night Editors will
follow.
Editor Bill Moore added an
other member to his editorial
staff. Miriam Betensky has
been Community Affairs Editor.
The first staff meeting of the
new volume will he held Sun
day at 1 p.m. in Room 320,
Geology Corner. Attendance is
absolutely compulsory. Style
and organization for the new
volume will he discussed. A
meeting of Wire Editors and
Assistant Night Editors will
follow.
Editor Bill Moore added an
other member to his editorial
staff. Miriam Betensky has
been Community Affairs Editor.
The first staff meeting of the
new volume will he held Sun
day at 1 p.m. in Room 320,
Geology Corner. Attendance is
absolutely compulsory. Style
and organization for the new
volume will he discussed. A
meeting of Wire Editors and
Assistant Night Editors will
follow.
Editor Bill Moore added an
other member to his editorial
staff. Miriam Betensky has
been Community Affairs Editor.
The first staff meeting of the
new volume will he held Sun
day at 1 p.m. in Room 320,
Geology Corner. Attendance is
absolutely compulsory. Style
and organization for the new
volume will he discussed. A
meeting of Wire Editors and
Assistant Night Editors will
follow.
Editor Bill Moore added an
other member to his editorial
staff. Miriam Betensky has
been Community Affairs Editor.
The first staff meeting of the
new volume will he held Sun
day at 1 p.m. in Room 320,
Geology Corner. Attendance is
absolutely compulsory. Style
and organization for the new
volume will he discussed. A
meeting of Wire Editors and
Assistant Night Editors will
follow.
Editor Bill Moore added an
other member to his editorial
staff. Miriam Betensky has
been Community Affairs Editor.
The first staff meeting of the
new volume will he held Sun
day at 1 p.m. in Room 320,
Geology Corner. Attendance is
absolutely compulsory. Style
and organization for the new
volume will he discussed. A
meeting of Wire Editors and
Assistant Night Editors will
follow.
Editor Bill Moore added an
other member to his editorial
staff. Miriam Betensky has
been Community Affairs Editor.
The first staff meeting of the
new volume will he held Sun
day at 1 p.m. in Room 320,
Geology Corner. Attendance is
absolutely compulsory. Style
and organization for the new
volume will he discussed. A
meeting of Wire Editors and
Assistant Night Editors will
follow.
Editor Bill Moore added an
other member to his editorial
staff. Miriam Betensky has
been Community Affairs Editor.
The first staff meeting of the
new volume will he held Sun
day at 1 p.m. in Room 320,
Geology Corner. Attendance is
absolutely compulsory. Style
and organization for the new
volume will he discussed. A
meeting of Wire Editors and
Assistant Night Editors will
follow.
Editor Bill Moore added an
other member to his editorial
staff. Miriam Betensky has
been Community Affairs Editor.
The first staff meeting of the
new volume will he held Sun
day at 1 p.m. in Room 320,
Geology Corner. Attendance is
absolutely compulsory. Style
and organization for the new
volume will he discussed. A
meeting of Wire Editors and
Assistant Night Editors will
follow.
Editor Bill Moore added an
other member to his editorial
staff. Miriam Betensky has
been Community Affairs Editor.
The first staff meeting of the
new volume will he held Sun
day at 1 p.m. in Room 320,
Geology Corner. Attendance is
absolutely compulsory. Style
and organization for the new
volume will he discussed. A
meeting of Wire Editors and
Assistant Night Editors will
follow.
Editor Bill Moore added an
other member to his editorial
staff. Miriam Betensky has
been Community Affairs Editor.
The first staff meeting of the
new volume will he held Sun
day at 1 p.m. in Room 320,
Geology Corner. Attendance is
absolutely compulsory. Style
and organization for the new
volume will he discussed. A
meeting of Wire Editors and
Assistant Night Editors will
follow.
Editor Bill Moore added an
other member to his editorial
staff. Miriam Betensky has
been Community Affairs Editor.
The first staff meeting of the
new volume will he held Sun
day at 1 p.m. in Room 320,
Geology Corner. Attendance is
absolutely compulsory. Style
and organization for the new
volume will he discussed. A
meeting of Wire Editors and
Assistant Night Editors will
follow.
Editor Bill Moore added an
other member to his editorial
staff. Miriam Betensky has
been Community Affairs Editor.
The first staff meeting of the
new volume will he held Sun
day at 1 p.m. in Room 320,
Geology Corner. Attendance is
absolutely compulsory. Style
and organization for the new
volume will he discussed. A
meeting of Wire Editors and
Assistant Night Editors will
follow.
Editor Bill Moore added an
other member to his editorial
staff. Miriam Betensky has
been Community Affairs Editor.
The first staff meeting of the
new volume will he held Sun
day at 1 p.m. in Room 320,
Geology Corner. Attendance is
absolutely compulsory. Style
and organization for the new
volume will he discussed. A
meeting of Wire Editors and
Assistant Night Editors will
follow.
Editor Bill Moore added an
other member to his editorial
staff. Miriam Betensky has
been Community Affairs Editor.
The first staff meeting of the
new volume will he held Sun
day at 1 p.m. in Room 320,
Geology Corner. Attendance is
absolutely compulsory. Style
and organization for the new
volume will he discussed. A
meeting of Wire Editors and
Assistant Night Editors will
follow.
Editor Bill Moore added an
other member to his editorial
staff. Miriam Betensky has
been Community Affairs Editor.
