# Afternoon Vesper Service.
## 
### 
Vesper services will be held in the
Chapel at 4:30 on Thursday after
noon instead of 7:30 as previously
announced.
Vesper services will be held in the
Chapel at 4:30 on Thursday after
noon instead of 7:30 as previously
announced.
Vesper services will be held in the
Chapel at 4:30 on Thursday after
noon instead of 7:30 as previously
announced.
Vesper services will be held in the
Chapel at 4:30 on Thursday after
noon instead of 7:30 as previously
announced.
Vesper services will be held in the
Chapel at 4:30 on Thursday after
noon instead of 7:30 as previously
announced.
Vesper services will be held in the
Chapel at 4:30 on Thursday after
noon instead of 7:30 as previously
announced.
Vesper services will be held in the
Chapel at 4:30 on Thursday after
noon instead of 7:30 as previously
announced.
Vesper services will be held in the
Chapel at 4:30 on Thursday after
noon instead of 7:30 as previously
announced.
Vesper services will be held in the
Chapel at 4:30 on Thursday after
noon instead of 7:30 as previously
announced.
