# Miss Porterneld To Address Women.
## 
### 
Miss A. W. Porterfleld, U. C. 'OS,
president of the Prylanean Society
of the University of California, will
make a short address before the Wo
men's League Friday afternoon at
!::!<) in Roble Hall. The methods
used by the women of the University
of California in raising money lor
the girls' dormitory will be explain
ed. Dr. Jordan will speak upon the
subject of the girls' clubhouse fund
Miss A. W. Porterfleld, U. C. 'OS,
president of the Prylanean Society
of the University of California, will
make a short address before the Wo
men's League Friday afternoon at
!::!<) in Roble Hall. The methods
used by the women of the University
of California in raising money lor
the girls' dormitory will be explain
ed. Dr. Jordan will speak upon the
subject of the girls' clubhouse fund
Miss A. W. Porterfleld, U. C. 'OS,
president of the Prylanean Society
of the University of California, will
make a short address before the Wo
men's League Friday afternoon at
!::!<) in Roble Hall. The methods
used by the women of the University
of California in raising money lor
the girls' dormitory will be explain
ed. Dr. Jordan will speak upon the
subject of the girls' clubhouse fund
Miss A. W. Porterfleld, U. C. 'OS,
president of the Prylanean Society
of the University of California, will
make a short address before the Wo
men's League Friday afternoon at
!::!<) in Roble Hall. The methods
used by the women of the University
of California in raising money lor
the girls' dormitory will be explain
ed. Dr. Jordan will speak upon the
subject of the girls' clubhouse fund
Miss A. W. Porterfleld, U. C. 'OS,
president of the Prylanean Society
of the University of California, will
make a short address before the Wo
men's League Friday afternoon at
!::!<) in Roble Hall. The methods
used by the women of the University
of California in raising money lor
the girls' dormitory will be explain
ed. Dr. Jordan will speak upon the
subject of the girls' clubhouse fund
Miss A. W. Porterfleld, U. C. 'OS,
president of the Prylanean Society
of the University of California, will
make a short address before the Wo
men's League Friday afternoon at
!::!<) in Roble Hall. The methods
used by the women of the University
of California in raising money lor
the girls' dormitory will be explain
ed. Dr. Jordan will speak upon the
subject of the girls' clubhouse fund
Miss A. W. Porterfleld, U. C. 'OS,
president of the Prylanean Society
of the University of California, will
make a short address before the Wo
men's League Friday afternoon at
!::!<) in Roble Hall. The methods
used by the women of the University
of California in raising money lor
the girls' dormitory will be explain
ed. Dr. Jordan will speak upon the
subject of the girls' clubhouse fund
Miss A. W. Porterfleld, U. C. 'OS,
president of the Prylanean Society
of the University of California, will
make a short address before the Wo
men's League Friday afternoon at
!::!<) in Roble Hall. The methods
used by the women of the University
of California in raising money lor
the girls' dormitory will be explain
ed. Dr. Jordan will speak upon the
subject of the girls' clubhouse fund
Miss A. W. Porterfleld, U. C. 'OS,
president of the Prylanean Society
of the University of California, will
make a short address before the Wo
men's League Friday afternoon at
!::!<) in Roble Hall. The methods
used by the women of the University
of California in raising money lor
the girls' dormitory will be explain
ed. Dr. Jordan will speak upon the
subject of the girls' clubhouse fund
