# Adv. 24 Page 5
## 
### 
The Cincinnati itedlegs
clinched their first pennant
since 1940 yesterday when
they defeated Chicago 6-lf in
an afternoon game and then
accepted some help from the
Pittsburgh Pirates, who trim
med the Los Angeles Dodgers
in the second game of a
double-header 8-0.
The Cincinnati itedlegs
clinched their first pennant
since 1940 yesterday when
they defeated Chicago 6-lf in
an afternoon game and then
accepted some help from the
Pittsburgh Pirates, who trim
med the Los Angeles Dodgers
in the second game of a
double-header 8-0.
The Cincinnati itedlegs
clinched their first pennant
since 1940 yesterday when
they defeated Chicago 6-lf in
an afternoon game and then
accepted some help from the
Pittsburgh Pirates, who trim
med the Los Angeles Dodgers
in the second game of a
double-header 8-0.
The Cincinnati itedlegs
clinched their first pennant
since 1940 yesterday when
they defeated Chicago 6-lf in
an afternoon game and then
accepted some help from the
Pittsburgh Pirates, who trim
med the Los Angeles Dodgers
in the second game of a
double-header 8-0.
The Cincinnati itedlegs
clinched their first pennant
since 1940 yesterday when
they defeated Chicago 6-lf in
an afternoon game and then
accepted some help from the
Pittsburgh Pirates, who trim
med the Los Angeles Dodgers
in the second game of a
double-header 8-0.
The Cincinnati itedlegs
clinched their first pennant
since 1940 yesterday when
they defeated Chicago 6-lf in
an afternoon game and then
accepted some help from the
Pittsburgh Pirates, who trim
med the Los Angeles Dodgers
in the second game of a
double-header 8-0.
The Cincinnati itedlegs
clinched their first pennant
since 1940 yesterday when
they defeated Chicago 6-lf in
an afternoon game and then
accepted some help from the
Pittsburgh Pirates, who trim
med the Los Angeles Dodgers
in the second game of a
double-header 8-0.
The Cincinnati itedlegs
clinched their first pennant
since 1940 yesterday when
they defeated Chicago 6-lf in
an afternoon game and then
accepted some help from the
Pittsburgh Pirates, who trim
med the Los Angeles Dodgers
in the second game of a
double-header 8-0.
The Cincinnati itedlegs
clinched their first pennant
since 1940 yesterday when
they defeated Chicago 6-lf in
an afternoon game and then
accepted some help from the
Pittsburgh Pirates, who trim
med the Los Angeles Dodgers
in the second game of a
double-header 8-0.
The Cincinnati itedlegs
clinched their first pennant
since 1940 yesterday when
they defeated Chicago 6-lf in
an afternoon game and then
accepted some help from the
Pittsburgh Pirates, who trim
med the Los Angeles Dodgers
in the second game of a
double-header 8-0.
The Cincinnati itedlegs
clinched their first pennant
since 1940 yesterday when
they defeated Chicago 6-lf in
an afternoon game and then
accepted some help from the
Pittsburgh Pirates, who trim
med the Los Angeles Dodgers
in the second game of a
double-header 8-0.
The Cincinnati itedlegs
clinched their first pennant
since 1940 yesterday when
they defeated Chicago 6-lf in
an afternoon game and then
accepted some help from the
Pittsburgh Pirates, who trim
med the Los Angeles Dodgers
in the second game of a
double-header 8-0.
The Cincinnati itedlegs
clinched their first pennant
since 1940 yesterday when
they defeated Chicago 6-lf in
an afternoon game and then
accepted some help from the
Pittsburgh Pirates, who trim
med the Los Angeles Dodgers
in the second game of a
double-header 8-0.
The Cincinnati itedlegs
clinched their first pennant
since 1940 yesterday when
they defeated Chicago 6-lf in
an afternoon game and then
accepted some help from the
Pittsburgh Pirates, who trim
med the Los Angeles Dodgers
in the second game of a
double-header 8-0.
The Cincinnati itedlegs
clinched their first pennant
since 1940 yesterday when
they defeated Chicago 6-lf in
an afternoon game and then
accepted some help from the
Pittsburgh Pirates, who trim
med the Los Angeles Dodgers
in the second game of a
double-header 8-0.
The Cincinnati itedlegs
clinched their first pennant
since 1940 yesterday when
they defeated Chicago 6-lf in
an afternoon game and then
accepted some help from the
Pittsburgh Pirates, who trim
med the Los Angeles Dodgers
in the second game of a
double-header 8-0.
