# Adv. 5 Page 2
## 
### 
I guess it was Richard II who once said, “My kingdom for a
Busy B Burger.” No, it was Caesar who said, “Friends, Ro
mans and coun
trymen, lend me
your money and
let’s go to the
BUSY B.” Of
course, heroes
do not merely
BUSY "B'
3571 Alameda
MENLO PARK
DA 1-0341
speak a b on t
BUSY B. they
visit it. Why just
last week,
Charles Goren
came over to
play a little
bridge. And Stanford Sadie came by to sing a couple of her
latest songs. You too, Mr. Hero, should drop by and see us.
I guess it was Richard II who once said, “My kingdom for a
Busy B Burger.” No, it was Caesar who said, “Friends, Ro
mans and coun
trymen, lend me
your money and
let’s go to the
BUSY B.” Of
course, heroes
do not merely
BUSY "B'
3571 Alameda
MENLO PARK
DA 1-0341
speak a b on t
BUSY B. they
visit it. Why just
last week,
Charles Goren
came over to
play a little
bridge. And Stanford Sadie came by to sing a couple of her
latest songs. You too, Mr. Hero, should drop by and see us.
I guess it was Richard II who once said, “My kingdom for a
Busy B Burger.” No, it was Caesar who said, “Friends, Ro
mans and coun
trymen, lend me
your money and
let’s go to the
BUSY B.” Of
course, heroes
do not merely
BUSY "B'
3571 Alameda
MENLO PARK
DA 1-0341
speak a b on t
BUSY B. they
visit it. Why just
last week,
Charles Goren
came over to
play a little
bridge. And Stanford Sadie came by to sing a couple of her
latest songs. You too, Mr. Hero, should drop by and see us.
I guess it was Richard II who once said, “My kingdom for a
Busy B Burger.” No, it was Caesar who said, “Friends, Ro
mans and coun
trymen, lend me
your money and
let’s go to the
BUSY B.” Of
course, heroes
do not merely
BUSY "B'
3571 Alameda
MENLO PARK
DA 1-0341
speak a b on t
BUSY B. they
visit it. Why just
last week,
Charles Goren
came over to
play a little
bridge. And Stanford Sadie came by to sing a couple of her
latest songs. You too, Mr. Hero, should drop by and see us.
I guess it was Richard II who once said, “My kingdom for a
Busy B Burger.” No, it was Caesar who said, “Friends, Ro
mans and coun
trymen, lend me
your money and
let’s go to the
BUSY B.” Of
course, heroes
do not merely
BUSY "B'
3571 Alameda
MENLO PARK
DA 1-0341
speak a b on t
BUSY B. they
visit it. Why just
last week,
Charles Goren
came over to
play a little
bridge. And Stanford Sadie came by to sing a couple of her
latest songs. You too, Mr. Hero, should drop by and see us.
I guess it was Richard II who once said, “My kingdom for a
Busy B Burger.” No, it was Caesar who said, “Friends, Ro
mans and coun
trymen, lend me
your money and
let’s go to the
BUSY B.” Of
course, heroes
do not merely
BUSY "B'
3571 Alameda
MENLO PARK
DA 1-0341
speak a b on t
BUSY B. they
visit it. Why just
last week,
Charles Goren
came over to
play a little
bridge. And Stanford Sadie came by to sing a couple of her
latest songs. You too, Mr. Hero, should drop by and see us.
I guess it was Richard II who once said, “My kingdom for a
Busy B Burger.” No, it was Caesar who said, “Friends, Ro
mans and coun
trymen, lend me
your money and
let’s go to the
BUSY B.” Of
course, heroes
do not merely
BUSY "B'
3571 Alameda
MENLO PARK
DA 1-0341
speak a b on t
BUSY B. they
visit it. Why just
last week,
Charles Goren
came over to
play a little
bridge. And Stanford Sadie came by to sing a couple of her
latest songs. You too, Mr. Hero, should drop by and see us.
I guess it was Richard II who once said, “My kingdom for a
Busy B Burger.” No, it was Caesar who said, “Friends, Ro
mans and coun
trymen, lend me
your money and
let’s go to the
BUSY B.” Of
course, heroes
do not merely
BUSY "B'
3571 Alameda
MENLO PARK
DA 1-0341
speak a b on t
BUSY B. they
visit it. Why just
last week,
Charles Goren
came over to
play a little
bridge. And Stanford Sadie came by to sing a couple of her
latest songs. You too, Mr. Hero, should drop by and see us.
I guess it was Richard II who once said, “My kingdom for a
Busy B Burger.” No, it was Caesar who said, “Friends, Ro
mans and coun
trymen, lend me
your money and
let’s go to the
BUSY B.” Of
course, heroes
do not merely
BUSY "B'
3571 Alameda
MENLO PARK
DA 1-0341
speak a b on t
BUSY B. they
visit it. Why just
last week,
Charles Goren
came over to
play a little
bridge. And Stanford Sadie came by to sing a couple of her
latest songs. You too, Mr. Hero, should drop by and see us.
I guess it was Richard II who once said, “My kingdom for a
Busy B Burger.” No, it was Caesar who said, “Friends, Ro
mans and coun
trymen, lend me
your money and
let’s go to the
BUSY B.” Of
course, heroes
do not merely
BUSY "B'
3571 Alameda
MENLO PARK
DA 1-0341
speak a b on t
BUSY B. they
visit it. Why just
last week,
Charles Goren
came over to
play a little
bridge. And Stanford Sadie came by to sing a couple of her
latest songs. You too, Mr. Hero, should drop by and see us.
I guess it was Richard II who once said, “My kingdom for a
Busy B Burger.” No, it was Caesar who said, “Friends, Ro
mans and coun
trymen, lend me
your money and
let’s go to the
BUSY B.” Of
course, heroes
do not merely
BUSY "B'
3571 Alameda
MENLO PARK
DA 1-0341
speak a b on t
BUSY B. they
visit it. Why just
last week,
Charles Goren
came over to
play a little
bridge. And Stanford Sadie came by to sing a couple of her
latest songs. You too, Mr. Hero, should drop by and see us.
I guess it was Richard II who once said, “My kingdom for a
Busy B Burger.” No, it was Caesar who said, “Friends, Ro
mans and coun
trymen, lend me
your money and
let’s go to the
BUSY B.” Of
course, heroes
do not merely
BUSY "B'
3571 Alameda
MENLO PARK
DA 1-0341
speak a b on t
BUSY B. they
visit it. Why just
last week,
Charles Goren
came over to
play a little
bridge. And Stanford Sadie came by to sing a couple of her
latest songs. You too, Mr. Hero, should drop by and see us.
I guess it was Richard II who once said, “My kingdom for a
Busy B Burger.” No, it was Caesar who said, “Friends, Ro
mans and coun
trymen, lend me
your money and
let’s go to the
BUSY B.” Of
course, heroes
do not merely
BUSY "B'
3571 Alameda
MENLO PARK
DA 1-0341
speak a b on t
BUSY B. they
visit it. Why just
last week,
Charles Goren
came over to
play a little
bridge. And Stanford Sadie came by to sing a couple of her
latest songs. You too, Mr. Hero, should drop by and see us.
I guess it was Richard II who once said, “My kingdom for a
Busy B Burger.” No, it was Caesar who said, “Friends, Ro
mans and coun
trymen, lend me
your money and
let’s go to the
BUSY B.” Of
course, heroes
do not merely
BUSY "B'
3571 Alameda
MENLO PARK
DA 1-0341
speak a b on t
BUSY B. they
visit it. Why just
last week,
Charles Goren
came over to
play a little
bridge. And Stanford Sadie came by to sing a couple of her
latest songs. You too, Mr. Hero, should drop by and see us.
I guess it was Richard II who once said, “My kingdom for a
Busy B Burger.” No, it was Caesar who said, “Friends, Ro
mans and coun
trymen, lend me
your money and
let’s go to the
BUSY B.” Of
course, heroes
do not merely
BUSY "B'
3571 Alameda
MENLO PARK
DA 1-0341
speak a b on t
BUSY B. they
visit it. Why just
last week,
Charles Goren
came over to
play a little
bridge. And Stanford Sadie came by to sing a couple of her
latest songs. You too, Mr. Hero, should drop by and see us.
I guess it was Richard II who once said, “My kingdom for a
Busy B Burger.” No, it was Caesar who said, “Friends, Ro
mans and coun
trymen, lend me
your money and
let’s go to the
BUSY B.” Of
course, heroes
do not merely
BUSY "B'
3571 Alameda
MENLO PARK
DA 1-0341
speak a b on t
BUSY B. they
visit it. Why just
last week,
Charles Goren
came over to
play a little
bridge. And Stanford Sadie came by to sing a couple of her
latest songs. You too, Mr. Hero, should drop by and see us.
