# Higgins to Talk At Mason Lunch
## 
### 
Col. Frank H. Higgins, retired
assistant secretary of the Army,
will give a report from Washing
ton, D.C., at the luncheon meet
ing of Ihe George Washington Ma
sonic Club Thursday in the Union.
All Blue Lodge Masons and
their non-Masonic guests may at
tend. Lunch, served by Stanford
students, will cost $1.50 including
tax and tip.
Col. Higgins, assistant secretary
of the Army from August, 1954, to
March, 1959, was awarded the Dis
tinguished Civilian Service Award
in 1959 by Secretary of the Army
Wilbur M. Brucker.
Reservations should be made
immediately with A1 Becker, DA
3-4244, or Arthur Car, DA 6-4405.
The club, formed a year ago,
meets the fourth Thursday of
every month and now has about
150 members.
Col. Frank H. Higgins, retired
assistant secretary of the Army,
will give a report from Washing
ton, D.C., at the luncheon meet
ing of Ihe George Washington Ma
sonic Club Thursday in the Union.
All Blue Lodge Masons and
their non-Masonic guests may at
tend. Lunch, served by Stanford
students, will cost $1.50 including
tax and tip.
Col. Higgins, assistant secretary
of the Army from August, 1954, to
March, 1959, was awarded the Dis
tinguished Civilian Service Award
in 1959 by Secretary of the Army
Wilbur M. Brucker.
Reservations should be made
immediately with A1 Becker, DA
3-4244, or Arthur Car, DA 6-4405.
The club, formed a year ago,
meets the fourth Thursday of
every month and now has about
150 members.
Col. Frank H. Higgins, retired
assistant secretary of the Army,
will give a report from Washing
ton, D.C., at the luncheon meet
ing of Ihe George Washington Ma
sonic Club Thursday in the Union.
All Blue Lodge Masons and
their non-Masonic guests may at
tend. Lunch, served by Stanford
students, will cost $1.50 including
tax and tip.
Col. Higgins, assistant secretary
of the Army from August, 1954, to
March, 1959, was awarded the Dis
tinguished Civilian Service Award
in 1959 by Secretary of the Army
Wilbur M. Brucker.
Reservations should be made
immediately with A1 Becker, DA
3-4244, or Arthur Car, DA 6-4405.
The club, formed a year ago,
meets the fourth Thursday of
every month and now has about
150 members.
Col. Frank H. Higgins, retired
assistant secretary of the Army,
will give a report from Washing
ton, D.C., at the luncheon meet
ing of Ihe George Washington Ma
sonic Club Thursday in the Union.
All Blue Lodge Masons and
their non-Masonic guests may at
tend. Lunch, served by Stanford
students, will cost $1.50 including
tax and tip.
Col. Higgins, assistant secretary
of the Army from August, 1954, to
March, 1959, was awarded the Dis
tinguished Civilian Service Award
in 1959 by Secretary of the Army
Wilbur M. Brucker.
Reservations should be made
immediately with A1 Becker, DA
3-4244, or Arthur Car, DA 6-4405.
The club, formed a year ago,
meets the fourth Thursday of
every month and now has about
150 members.
Col. Frank H. Higgins, retired
assistant secretary of the Army,
will give a report from Washing
ton, D.C., at the luncheon meet
ing of Ihe George Washington Ma
sonic Club Thursday in the Union.
All Blue Lodge Masons and
their non-Masonic guests may at
tend. Lunch, served by Stanford
students, will cost $1.50 including
tax and tip.
Col. Higgins, assistant secretary
of the Army from August, 1954, to
March, 1959, was awarded the Dis
tinguished Civilian Service Award
in 1959 by Secretary of the Army
Wilbur M. Brucker.
Reservations should be made
immediately with A1 Becker, DA
3-4244, or Arthur Car, DA 6-4405.
The club, formed a year ago,
meets the fourth Thursday of
every month and now has about
150 members.
Col. Frank H. Higgins, retired
assistant secretary of the Army,
will give a report from Washing
ton, D.C., at the luncheon meet
ing of Ihe George Washington Ma
sonic Club Thursday in the Union.
All Blue Lodge Masons and
their non-Masonic guests may at
tend. Lunch, served by Stanford
students, will cost $1.50 including
tax and tip.
Col. Higgins, assistant secretary
of the Army from August, 1954, to
March, 1959, was awarded the Dis
tinguished Civilian Service Award
in 1959 by Secretary of the Army
Wilbur M. Brucker.
Reservations should be made
immediately with A1 Becker, DA
3-4244, or Arthur Car, DA 6-4405.
The club, formed a year ago,
meets the fourth Thursday of
every month and now has about
150 members.
Col. Frank H. Higgins, retired
assistant secretary of the Army,
will give a report from Washing
ton, D.C., at the luncheon meet
ing of Ihe George Washington Ma
sonic Club Thursday in the Union.
All Blue Lodge Masons and
their non-Masonic guests may at
tend. Lunch, served by Stanford
students, will cost $1.50 including
tax and tip.
Col. Higgins, assistant secretary
of the Army from August, 1954, to
March, 1959, was awarded the Dis
tinguished Civilian Service Award
in 1959 by Secretary of the Army
Wilbur M. Brucker.
Reservations should be made
immediately with A1 Becker, DA
3-4244, or Arthur Car, DA 6-4405.
The club, formed a year ago,
meets the fourth Thursday of
every month and now has about
150 members.
Col. Frank H. Higgins, retired
assistant secretary of the Army,
will give a report from Washing
ton, D.C., at the luncheon meet
ing of Ihe George Washington Ma
sonic Club Thursday in the Union.
All Blue Lodge Masons and
their non-Masonic guests may at
tend. Lunch, served by Stanford
students, will cost $1.50 including
tax and tip.
Col. Higgins, assistant secretary
of the Army from August, 1954, to
March, 1959, was awarded the Dis
tinguished Civilian Service Award
in 1959 by Secretary of the Army
Wilbur M. Brucker.
Reservations should be made
immediately with A1 Becker, DA
3-4244, or Arthur Car, DA 6-4405.
The club, formed a year ago,
meets the fourth Thursday of
every month and now has about
150 members.
Col. Frank H. Higgins, retired
assistant secretary of the Army,
will give a report from Washing
ton, D.C., at the luncheon meet
ing of Ihe George Washington Ma
sonic Club Thursday in the Union.
All Blue Lodge Masons and
their non-Masonic guests may at
tend. Lunch, served by Stanford
students, will cost $1.50 including
tax and tip.
Col. Higgins, assistant secretary
of the Army from August, 1954, to
March, 1959, was awarded the Dis
tinguished Civilian Service Award
in 1959 by Secretary of the Army
Wilbur M. Brucker.
Reservations should be made
immediately with A1 Becker, DA
3-4244, or Arthur Car, DA 6-4405.
The club, formed a year ago,
meets the fourth Thursday of
every month and now has about
150 members.
Col. Frank H. Higgins, retired
assistant secretary of the Army,
will give a report from Washing
ton, D.C., at the luncheon meet
ing of Ihe George Washington Ma
sonic Club Thursday in the Union.
All Blue Lodge Masons and
their non-Masonic guests may at
tend. Lunch, served by Stanford
students, will cost $1.50 including
tax and tip.
Col. Higgins, assistant secretary
of the Army from August, 1954, to
March, 1959, was awarded the Dis
tinguished Civilian Service Award
in 1959 by Secretary of the Army
Wilbur M. Brucker.
Reservations should be made
immediately with A1 Becker, DA
3-4244, or Arthur Car, DA 6-4405.
The club, formed a year ago,
meets the fourth Thursday of
every month and now has about
150 members.
Col. Frank H. Higgins, retired
assistant secretary of the Army,
will give a report from Washing
ton, D.C., at the luncheon meet
ing of Ihe George Washington Ma
sonic Club Thursday in the Union.
All Blue Lodge Masons and
their non-Masonic guests may at
tend. Lunch, served by Stanford
students, will cost $1.50 including
tax and tip.
Col. Higgins, assistant secretary
of the Army from August, 1954, to
March, 1959, was awarded the Dis
tinguished Civilian Service Award
in 1959 by Secretary of the Army
Wilbur M. Brucker.
Reservations should be made
immediately with A1 Becker, DA
3-4244, or Arthur Car, DA 6-4405.
The club, formed a year ago,
meets the fourth Thursday of
every month and now has about
150 members.
Col. Frank H. Higgins, retired
assistant secretary of the Army,
will give a report from Washing
ton, D.C., at the luncheon meet
ing of Ihe George Washington Ma
sonic Club Thursday in the Union.
All Blue Lodge Masons and
their non-Masonic guests may at
tend. Lunch, served by Stanford
students, will cost $1.50 including
tax and tip.
Col. Higgins, assistant secretary
of the Army from August, 1954, to
March, 1959, was awarded the Dis
tinguished Civilian Service Award
in 1959 by Secretary of the Army
Wilbur M. Brucker.
Reservations should be made
immediately with A1 Becker, DA
3-4244, or Arthur Car, DA 6-4405.
The club, formed a year ago,
meets the fourth Thursday of
every month and now has about
150 members.
Col. Frank H. Higgins, retired
assistant secretary of the Army,
will give a report from Washing
ton, D.C., at the luncheon meet
ing of Ihe George Washington Ma
sonic Club Thursday in the Union.
All Blue Lodge Masons and
their non-Masonic guests may at
tend. Lunch, served by Stanford
students, will cost $1.50 including
tax and tip.
Col. Higgins, assistant secretary
of the Army from August, 1954, to
March, 1959, was awarded the Dis
tinguished Civilian Service Award
in 1959 by Secretary of the Army
Wilbur M. Brucker.
Reservations should be made
immediately with A1 Becker, DA
3-4244, or Arthur Car, DA 6-4405.
The club, formed a year ago,
meets the fourth Thursday of
every month and now has about
150 members.
Col. Frank H. Higgins, retired
assistant secretary of the Army,
will give a report from Washing
ton, D.C., at the luncheon meet
ing of Ihe George Washington Ma
sonic Club Thursday in the Union.
All Blue Lodge Masons and
their non-Masonic guests may at
tend. Lunch, served by Stanford
students, will cost $1.50 including
tax and tip.
Col. Higgins, assistant secretary
of the Army from August, 1954, to
March, 1959, was awarded the Dis
tinguished Civilian Service Award
in 1959 by Secretary of the Army
Wilbur M. Brucker.
Reservations should be made
immediately with A1 Becker, DA
3-4244, or Arthur Car, DA 6-4405.
The club, formed a year ago,
meets the fourth Thursday of
every month and now has about
150 members.
Col. Frank H. Higgins, retired
assistant secretary of the Army,
will give a report from Washing
ton, D.C., at the luncheon meet
ing of Ihe George Washington Ma
sonic Club Thursday in the Union.
All Blue Lodge Masons and
their non-Masonic guests may at
tend. Lunch, served by Stanford
students, will cost $1.50 including
tax and tip.
Col. Higgins, assistant secretary
of the Army from August, 1954, to
March, 1959, was awarded the Dis
tinguished Civilian Service Award
in 1959 by Secretary of the Army
Wilbur M. Brucker.
Reservations should be made
immediately with A1 Becker, DA
3-4244, or Arthur Car, DA 6-4405.
The club, formed a year ago,
meets the fourth Thursday of
every month and now has about
150 members.
Col. Frank H. Higgins, retired
assistant secretary of the Army,
will give a report from Washing
ton, D.C., at the luncheon meet
ing of Ihe George Washington Ma
sonic Club Thursday in the Union.
All Blue Lodge Masons and
their non-Masonic guests may at
tend. Lunch, served by Stanford
students, will cost $1.50 including
tax and tip.
Col. Higgins, assistant secretary
of the Army from August, 1954, to
March, 1959, was awarded the Dis
tinguished Civilian Service Award
in 1959 by Secretary of the Army
Wilbur M. Brucker.
Reservations should be made
immediately with A1 Becker, DA
3-4244, or Arthur Car, DA 6-4405.
The club, formed a year ago,
meets the fourth Thursday of
every month and now has about
150 members.
