# Coach Warner Returns To Campus From Eastern Trip
## 
### 
Coach Pop Warner returned to the
campus early yesterday evening from
an eastern trip, on which he scouted
the Army-Notre Dame clash in New
York. While in the East the Stanford
mentor met with Coach Knute Rockne
of Notre Dame, Bill Alexander of
Georgia Tech, and Tad Jones of Yaie
to name their All-American football
team for 1929.
Warner awarded medals to the win
ners at the finals of the Novice Box
ing Tournament last night in the Bas
ketball Pavilion.
Coach Pop Warner returned to the
campus early yesterday evening from
an eastern trip, on which he scouted
the Army-Notre Dame clash in New
York. While in the East the Stanford
mentor met with Coach Knute Rockne
of Notre Dame, Bill Alexander of
Georgia Tech, and Tad Jones of Yaie
to name their All-American football
team for 1929.
Warner awarded medals to the win
ners at the finals of the Novice Box
ing Tournament last night in the Bas
ketball Pavilion.
Coach Pop Warner returned to the
campus early yesterday evening from
an eastern trip, on which he scouted
the Army-Notre Dame clash in New
York. While in the East the Stanford
mentor met with Coach Knute Rockne
of Notre Dame, Bill Alexander of
Georgia Tech, and Tad Jones of Yaie
to name their All-American football
team for 1929.
Warner awarded medals to the win
ners at the finals of the Novice Box
ing Tournament last night in the Bas
ketball Pavilion.
Coach Pop Warner returned to the
campus early yesterday evening from
an eastern trip, on which he scouted
the Army-Notre Dame clash in New
York. While in the East the Stanford
mentor met with Coach Knute Rockne
of Notre Dame, Bill Alexander of
Georgia Tech, and Tad Jones of Yaie
to name their All-American football
team for 1929.
Warner awarded medals to the win
ners at the finals of the Novice Box
ing Tournament last night in the Bas
ketball Pavilion.
Coach Pop Warner returned to the
campus early yesterday evening from
an eastern trip, on which he scouted
the Army-Notre Dame clash in New
York. While in the East the Stanford
mentor met with Coach Knute Rockne
of Notre Dame, Bill Alexander of
Georgia Tech, and Tad Jones of Yaie
to name their All-American football
team for 1929.
Warner awarded medals to the win
ners at the finals of the Novice Box
ing Tournament last night in the Bas
ketball Pavilion.
Coach Pop Warner returned to the
campus early yesterday evening from
an eastern trip, on which he scouted
the Army-Notre Dame clash in New
York. While in the East the Stanford
mentor met with Coach Knute Rockne
of Notre Dame, Bill Alexander of
Georgia Tech, and Tad Jones of Yaie
to name their All-American football
team for 1929.
Warner awarded medals to the win
ners at the finals of the Novice Box
ing Tournament last night in the Bas
ketball Pavilion.
Coach Pop Warner returned to the
campus early yesterday evening from
an eastern trip, on which he scouted
the Army-Notre Dame clash in New
York. While in the East the Stanford
mentor met with Coach Knute Rockne
of Notre Dame, Bill Alexander of
Georgia Tech, and Tad Jones of Yaie
to name their All-American football
team for 1929.
Warner awarded medals to the win
ners at the finals of the Novice Box
ing Tournament last night in the Bas
ketball Pavilion.
Coach Pop Warner returned to the
campus early yesterday evening from
an eastern trip, on which he scouted
the Army-Notre Dame clash in New
York. While in the East the Stanford
mentor met with Coach Knute Rockne
of Notre Dame, Bill Alexander of
Georgia Tech, and Tad Jones of Yaie
to name their All-American football
team for 1929.
Warner awarded medals to the win
ners at the finals of the Novice Box
ing Tournament last night in the Bas
ketball Pavilion.
Coach Pop Warner returned to the
campus early yesterday evening from
an eastern trip, on which he scouted
the Army-Notre Dame clash in New
York. While in the East the Stanford
mentor met with Coach Knute Rockne
of Notre Dame, Bill Alexander of
Georgia Tech, and Tad Jones of Yaie
to name their All-American football
team for 1929.
Warner awarded medals to the win
ners at the finals of the Novice Box
ing Tournament last night in the Bas
ketball Pavilion.
Coach Pop Warner returned to the
campus early yesterday evening from
an eastern trip, on which he scouted
the Army-Notre Dame clash in New
York. While in the East the Stanford
mentor met with Coach Knute Rockne
of Notre Dame, Bill Alexander of
Georgia Tech, and Tad Jones of Yaie
to name their All-American football
team for 1929.
Warner awarded medals to the win
ners at the finals of the Novice Box
ing Tournament last night in the Bas
ketball Pavilion.
Coach Pop Warner returned to the
campus early yesterday evening from
an eastern trip, on which he scouted
the Army-Notre Dame clash in New
York. While in the East the Stanford
mentor met with Coach Knute Rockne
of Notre Dame, Bill Alexander of
Georgia Tech, and Tad Jones of Yaie
to name their All-American football
team for 1929.
Warner awarded medals to the win
ners at the finals of the Novice Box
ing Tournament last night in the Bas
ketball Pavilion.
Coach Pop Warner returned to the
campus early yesterday evening from
an eastern trip, on which he scouted
the Army-Notre Dame clash in New
York. While in the East the Stanford
mentor met with Coach Knute Rockne
of Notre Dame, Bill Alexander of
Georgia Tech, and Tad Jones of Yaie
to name their All-American football
team for 1929.
Warner awarded medals to the win
ners at the finals of the Novice Box
ing Tournament last night in the Bas
ketball Pavilion.
Coach Pop Warner returned to the
campus early yesterday evening from
an eastern trip, on which he scouted
the Army-Notre Dame clash in New
York. While in the East the Stanford
mentor met with Coach Knute Rockne
of Notre Dame, Bill Alexander of
Georgia Tech, and Tad Jones of Yaie
to name their All-American football
team for 1929.
Warner awarded medals to the win
ners at the finals of the Novice Box
ing Tournament last night in the Bas
ketball Pavilion.
Coach Pop Warner returned to the
campus early yesterday evening from
an eastern trip, on which he scouted
the Army-Notre Dame clash in New
York. While in the East the Stanford
mentor met with Coach Knute Rockne
of Notre Dame, Bill Alexander of
Georgia Tech, and Tad Jones of Yaie
to name their All-American football
team for 1929.
Warner awarded medals to the win
ners at the finals of the Novice Box
ing Tournament last night in the Bas
ketball Pavilion.
Coach Pop Warner returned to the
campus early yesterday evening from
an eastern trip, on which he scouted
the Army-Notre Dame clash in New
York. While in the East the Stanford
mentor met with Coach Knute Rockne
of Notre Dame, Bill Alexander of
Georgia Tech, and Tad Jones of Yaie
to name their All-American football
team for 1929.
Warner awarded medals to the win
ners at the finals of the Novice Box
ing Tournament last night in the Bas
ketball Pavilion.
Coach Pop Warner returned to the
campus early yesterday evening from
an eastern trip, on which he scouted
the Army-Notre Dame clash in New
York. While in the East the Stanford
mentor met with Coach Knute Rockne
of Notre Dame, Bill Alexander of
Georgia Tech, and Tad Jones of Yaie
to name their All-American football
team for 1929.
Warner awarded medals to the win
ners at the finals of the Novice Box
ing Tournament last night in the Bas
ketball Pavilion.
Coach Pop Warner returned to the
campus early yesterday evening from
an eastern trip, on which he scouted
the Army-Notre Dame clash in New
York. While in the East the Stanford
mentor met with Coach Knute Rockne
of Notre Dame, Bill Alexander of
Georgia Tech, and Tad Jones of Yaie
to name their All-American football
team for 1929.
Warner awarded medals to the win
ners at the finals of the Novice Box
ing Tournament last night in the Bas
ketball Pavilion.
