# MAILING INSTRUCTIONS FOR XMAS PACKAGES ARE ISSUED BY P.O.
## 
### 
Christmas packages when properly
prepared tor mailing will he properly
bandied by the postoffice, states Post
master W. (\ Werry. To insure prompt
delivery of parcels in good condition,
a number of instructions and recom
mendations were issued at the local
office yesterday.
Articles should be well-packed with
cardboard or excelsior, wrapped with
strong, light-colored paper, and tied
with strong twine, according to this
information. In addressing, names of
states should be written out in full,
the address should be on one side of
the package only, and the return ad
dress should be written in the upper
left-hand corner. It is permissible for
the sender to inclose his name and
address within the package as well.
All articles of value should be sent
as registered mail.
Senders of Christmas parcels are
warned by the postoffice against
loose packing abbreviating addresses,
and writing the address on mure than
one side.
Christmas packages when properly
prepared tor mailing will he properly
bandied by the postoffice, states Post
master W. (\ Werry. To insure prompt
delivery of parcels in good condition,
a number of instructions and recom
mendations were issued at the local
office yesterday.
Articles should be well-packed with
cardboard or excelsior, wrapped with
strong, light-colored paper, and tied
with strong twine, according to this
information. In addressing, names of
states should be written out in full,
the address should be on one side of
the package only, and the return ad
dress should be written in the upper
left-hand corner. It is permissible for
the sender to inclose his name and
address within the package as well.
All articles of value should be sent
as registered mail.
Senders of Christmas parcels are
warned by the postoffice against
loose packing abbreviating addresses,
and writing the address on mure than
one side.
Christmas packages when properly
prepared tor mailing will he properly
bandied by the postoffice, states Post
master W. (\ Werry. To insure prompt
delivery of parcels in good condition,
a number of instructions and recom
mendations were issued at the local
office yesterday.
Articles should be well-packed with
cardboard or excelsior, wrapped with
strong, light-colored paper, and tied
with strong twine, according to this
information. In addressing, names of
states should be written out in full,
the address should be on one side of
the package only, and the return ad
dress should be written in the upper
left-hand corner. It is permissible for
the sender to inclose his name and
address within the package as well.
All articles of value should be sent
as registered mail.
Senders of Christmas parcels are
warned by the postoffice against
loose packing abbreviating addresses,
and writing the address on mure than
one side.
Christmas packages when properly
prepared tor mailing will he properly
bandied by the postoffice, states Post
master W. (\ Werry. To insure prompt
delivery of parcels in good condition,
a number of instructions and recom
mendations were issued at the local
office yesterday.
Articles should be well-packed with
cardboard or excelsior, wrapped with
strong, light-colored paper, and tied
with strong twine, according to this
information. In addressing, names of
states should be written out in full,
the address should be on one side of
the package only, and the return ad
dress should be written in the upper
left-hand corner. It is permissible for
the sender to inclose his name and
address within the package as well.
All articles of value should be sent
as registered mail.
Senders of Christmas parcels are
warned by the postoffice against
loose packing abbreviating addresses,
and writing the address on mure than
one side.
Christmas packages when properly
prepared tor mailing will he properly
bandied by the postoffice, states Post
master W. (\ Werry. To insure prompt
delivery of parcels in good condition,
a number of instructions and recom
mendations were issued at the local
office yesterday.
Articles should be well-packed with
cardboard or excelsior, wrapped with
strong, light-colored paper, and tied
with strong twine, according to this
information. In addressing, names of
states should be written out in full,
the address should be on one side of
the package only, and the return ad
dress should be written in the upper
left-hand corner. It is permissible for
the sender to inclose his name and
address within the package as well.
All articles of value should be sent
as registered mail.
Senders of Christmas parcels are
warned by the postoffice against
loose packing abbreviating addresses,
and writing the address on mure than
one side.
Christmas packages when properly
prepared tor mailing will he properly
bandied by the postoffice, states Post
master W. (\ Werry. To insure prompt
delivery of parcels in good condition,
a number of instructions and recom
mendations were issued at the local
office yesterday.
Articles should be well-packed with
cardboard or excelsior, wrapped with
strong, light-colored paper, and tied
with strong twine, according to this
information. In addressing, names of
states should be written out in full,
the address should be on one side of
the package only, and the return ad
dress should be written in the upper
left-hand corner. It is permissible for
the sender to inclose his name and
address within the package as well.
All articles of value should be sent
as registered mail.
Senders of Christmas parcels are
warned by the postoffice against
loose packing abbreviating addresses,
and writing the address on mure than
one side.
Christmas packages when properly
prepared tor mailing will he properly
bandied by the postoffice, states Post
master W. (\ Werry. To insure prompt
delivery of parcels in good condition,
a number of instructions and recom
mendations were issued at the local
office yesterday.
Articles should be well-packed with
cardboard or excelsior, wrapped with
strong, light-colored paper, and tied
with strong twine, according to this
information. In addressing, names of
states should be written out in full,
the address should be on one side of
the package only, and the return ad
dress should be written in the upper
left-hand corner. It is permissible for
the sender to inclose his name and
address within the package as well.
All articles of value should be sent
as registered mail.
Senders of Christmas parcels are
warned by the postoffice against
loose packing abbreviating addresses,
and writing the address on mure than
one side.
Christmas packages when properly
prepared tor mailing will he properly
bandied by the postoffice, states Post
master W. (\ Werry. To insure prompt
delivery of parcels in good condition,
a number of instructions and recom
mendations were issued at the local
office yesterday.
Articles should be well-packed with
cardboard or excelsior, wrapped with
strong, light-colored paper, and tied
with strong twine, according to this
information. In addressing, names of
states should be written out in full,
the address should be on one side of
the package only, and the return ad
dress should be written in the upper
left-hand corner. It is permissible for
the sender to inclose his name and
address within the package as well.
All articles of value should be sent
as registered mail.
Senders of Christmas parcels are
warned by the postoffice against
loose packing abbreviating addresses,
and writing the address on mure than
one side.
Christmas packages when properly
prepared tor mailing will he properly
bandied by the postoffice, states Post
master W. (\ Werry. To insure prompt
delivery of parcels in good condition,
a number of instructions and recom
mendations were issued at the local
office yesterday.
Articles should be well-packed with
cardboard or excelsior, wrapped with
strong, light-colored paper, and tied
with strong twine, according to this
information. In addressing, names of
states should be written out in full,
the address should be on one side of
the package only, and the return ad
dress should be written in the upper
left-hand corner. It is permissible for
the sender to inclose his name and
address within the package as well.
All articles of value should be sent
as registered mail.
Senders of Christmas parcels are
warned by the postoffice against
loose packing abbreviating addresses,
and writing the address on mure than
one side.
Christmas packages when properly
prepared tor mailing will he properly
bandied by the postoffice, states Post
master W. (\ Werry. To insure prompt
delivery of parcels in good condition,
a number of instructions and recom
mendations were issued at the local
office yesterday.
Articles should be well-packed with
cardboard or excelsior, wrapped with
strong, light-colored paper, and tied
with strong twine, according to this
information. In addressing, names of
states should be written out in full,
the address should be on one side of
the package only, and the return ad
dress should be written in the upper
left-hand corner. It is permissible for
the sender to inclose his name and
address within the package as well.
All articles of value should be sent
as registered mail.
Senders of Christmas parcels are
warned by the postoffice against
loose packing abbreviating addresses,
and writing the address on mure than
one side.
Christmas packages when properly
prepared tor mailing will he properly
bandied by the postoffice, states Post
master W. (\ Werry. To insure prompt
delivery of parcels in good condition,
a number of instructions and recom
mendations were issued at the local
office yesterday.
Articles should be well-packed with
cardboard or excelsior, wrapped with
strong, light-colored paper, and tied
with strong twine, according to this
information. In addressing, names of
states should be written out in full,
the address should be on one side of
the package only, and the return ad
dress should be written in the upper
left-hand corner. It is permissible for
the sender to inclose his name and
address within the package as well.
All articles of value should be sent
as registered mail.
Senders of Christmas parcels are
warned by the postoffice against
loose packing abbreviating addresses,
and writing the address on mure than
one side.
Christmas packages when properly
prepared tor mailing will he properly
bandied by the postoffice, states Post
master W. (\ Werry. To insure prompt
delivery of parcels in good condition,
a number of instructions and recom
mendations were issued at the local
office yesterday.
Articles should be well-packed with
cardboard or excelsior, wrapped with
strong, light-colored paper, and tied
with strong twine, according to this
information. In addressing, names of
states should be written out in full,
the address should be on one side of
the package only, and the return ad
dress should be written in the upper
left-hand corner. It is permissible for
the sender to inclose his name and
address within the package as well.
All articles of value should be sent
as registered mail.
Senders of Christmas parcels are
warned by the postoffice against
loose packing abbreviating addresses,
and writing the address on mure than
one side.
Christmas packages when properly
prepared tor mailing will he properly
bandied by the postoffice, states Post
master W. (\ Werry. To insure prompt
delivery of parcels in good condition,
a number of instructions and recom
mendations were issued at the local
office yesterday.
Articles should be well-packed with
cardboard or excelsior, wrapped with
strong, light-colored paper, and tied
with strong twine, according to this
information. In addressing, names of
states should be written out in full,
the address should be on one side of
the package only, and the return ad
dress should be written in the upper
left-hand corner. It is permissible for
the sender to inclose his name and
address within the package as well.
All articles of value should be sent
as registered mail.
Senders of Christmas parcels are
warned by the postoffice against
loose packing abbreviating addresses,
and writing the address on mure than
one side.
Christmas packages when properly
prepared tor mailing will he properly
bandied by the postoffice, states Post
master W. (\ Werry. To insure prompt
delivery of parcels in good condition,
a number of instructions and recom
mendations were issued at the local
office yesterday.
Articles should be well-packed with
cardboard or excelsior, wrapped with
strong, light-colored paper, and tied
with strong twine, according to this
information. In addressing, names of
states should be written out in full,
the address should be on one side of
the package only, and the return ad
dress should be written in the upper
left-hand corner. It is permissible for
the sender to inclose his name and
address within the package as well.
All articles of value should be sent
as registered mail.
Senders of Christmas parcels are
warned by the postoffice against
loose packing abbreviating addresses,
and writing the address on mure than
one side.
Christmas packages when properly
prepared tor mailing will he properly
bandied by the postoffice, states Post
master W. (\ Werry. To insure prompt
delivery of parcels in good condition,
a number of instructions and recom
mendations were issued at the local
office yesterday.
Articles should be well-packed with
cardboard or excelsior, wrapped with
strong, light-colored paper, and tied
with strong twine, according to this
information. In addressing, names of
states should be written out in full,
the address should be on one side of
the package only, and the return ad
dress should be written in the upper
left-hand corner. It is permissible for
the sender to inclose his name and
address within the package as well.
All articles of value should be sent
as registered mail.
Senders of Christmas parcels are
warned by the postoffice against
loose packing abbreviating addresses,
and writing the address on mure than
one side.
Christmas packages when properly
prepared tor mailing will he properly
bandied by the postoffice, states Post
master W. (\ Werry. To insure prompt
delivery of parcels in good condition,
a number of instructions and recom
mendations were issued at the local
office yesterday.
Articles should be well-packed with
cardboard or excelsior, wrapped with
strong, light-colored paper, and tied
with strong twine, according to this
information. In addressing, names of
states should be written out in full,
the address should be on one side of
the package only, and the return ad
dress should be written in the upper
left-hand corner. It is permissible for
the sender to inclose his name and
address within the package as well.
All articles of value should be sent
as registered mail.
Senders of Christmas parcels are
warned by the postoffice against
loose packing abbreviating addresses,
and writing the address on mure than
one side.
Christmas packages when properly
prepared tor mailing will he properly
bandied by the postoffice, states Post
master W. (\ Werry. To insure prompt
delivery of parcels in good condition,
a number of instructions and recom
mendations were issued at the local
office yesterday.
Articles should be well-packed with
cardboard or excelsior, wrapped with
strong, light-colored paper, and tied
with strong twine, according to this
information. In addressing, names of
states should be written out in full,
the address should be on one side of
the package only, and the return ad
dress should be written in the upper
left-hand corner. It is permissible for
the sender to inclose his name and
address within the package as well.
All articles of value should be sent
as registered mail.
Senders of Christmas parcels are
warned by the postoffice against
loose packing abbreviating addresses,
and writing the address on mure than
one side.
