# Encina Dance To Feature Moonlight March Tonight
## 
### 
Encina lobby will be transformed
into a moonlit park Saturday evening
when the last hall dance of the quar
ter gets under way at 8:30 o'clock.
Park benches and potted trees will
provide the atmosphere for "The
Moonlight March," featured douce of
the evening.
James Keesling, dance chairman, an
nounces that approximately 125 bids
have been sold so far. Blue leather
programs with silver decoration will
be given out today and tomorrow to
bid-holders in Room 232, Encina.
Music for the informal will be fur
nished by Harry Pierson's orchestra
from Oakland, an aggregation of col
ored music-makers. Patrons and pa
tronesses are Col. and Mrs. E. R. W.
McCabe and Mr. and Mrs. A. E. Roth.
Encina lobby will be transformed
into a moonlit park Saturday evening
when the last hall dance of the quar
ter gets under way at 8:30 o'clock.
Park benches and potted trees will
provide the atmosphere for "The
Moonlight March," featured douce of
the evening.
James Keesling, dance chairman, an
nounces that approximately 125 bids
have been sold so far. Blue leather
programs with silver decoration will
be given out today and tomorrow to
bid-holders in Room 232, Encina.
Music for the informal will be fur
nished by Harry Pierson's orchestra
from Oakland, an aggregation of col
ored music-makers. Patrons and pa
tronesses are Col. and Mrs. E. R. W.
McCabe and Mr. and Mrs. A. E. Roth.
Encina lobby will be transformed
into a moonlit park Saturday evening
when the last hall dance of the quar
ter gets under way at 8:30 o'clock.
Park benches and potted trees will
provide the atmosphere for "The
Moonlight March," featured douce of
the evening.
James Keesling, dance chairman, an
nounces that approximately 125 bids
have been sold so far. Blue leather
programs with silver decoration will
be given out today and tomorrow to
bid-holders in Room 232, Encina.
Music for the informal will be fur
nished by Harry Pierson's orchestra
from Oakland, an aggregation of col
ored music-makers. Patrons and pa
tronesses are Col. and Mrs. E. R. W.
McCabe and Mr. and Mrs. A. E. Roth.
Encina lobby will be transformed
into a moonlit park Saturday evening
when the last hall dance of the quar
ter gets under way at 8:30 o'clock.
Park benches and potted trees will
provide the atmosphere for "The
Moonlight March," featured douce of
the evening.
James Keesling, dance chairman, an
nounces that approximately 125 bids
have been sold so far. Blue leather
programs with silver decoration will
be given out today and tomorrow to
bid-holders in Room 232, Encina.
Music for the informal will be fur
nished by Harry Pierson's orchestra
from Oakland, an aggregation of col
ored music-makers. Patrons and pa
tronesses are Col. and Mrs. E. R. W.
McCabe and Mr. and Mrs. A. E. Roth.
Encina lobby will be transformed
into a moonlit park Saturday evening
when the last hall dance of the quar
ter gets under way at 8:30 o'clock.
Park benches and potted trees will
provide the atmosphere for "The
Moonlight March," featured douce of
the evening.
James Keesling, dance chairman, an
nounces that approximately 125 bids
have been sold so far. Blue leather
programs with silver decoration will
be given out today and tomorrow to
bid-holders in Room 232, Encina.
Music for the informal will be fur
nished by Harry Pierson's orchestra
from Oakland, an aggregation of col
ored music-makers. Patrons and pa
tronesses are Col. and Mrs. E. R. W.
McCabe and Mr. and Mrs. A. E. Roth.
Encina lobby will be transformed
into a moonlit park Saturday evening
when the last hall dance of the quar
ter gets under way at 8:30 o'clock.
Park benches and potted trees will
provide the atmosphere for "The
Moonlight March," featured douce of
the evening.
James Keesling, dance chairman, an
nounces that approximately 125 bids
have been sold so far. Blue leather
programs with silver decoration will
be given out today and tomorrow to
bid-holders in Room 232, Encina.
Music for the informal will be fur
nished by Harry Pierson's orchestra
from Oakland, an aggregation of col
ored music-makers. Patrons and pa
tronesses are Col. and Mrs. E. R. W.
McCabe and Mr. and Mrs. A. E. Roth.
Encina lobby will be transformed
into a moonlit park Saturday evening
when the last hall dance of the quar
ter gets under way at 8:30 o'clock.
Park benches and potted trees will
provide the atmosphere for "The
Moonlight March," featured douce of
the evening.
James Keesling, dance chairman, an
nounces that approximately 125 bids
have been sold so far. Blue leather
programs with silver decoration will
be given out today and tomorrow to
bid-holders in Room 232, Encina.
Music for the informal will be fur
nished by Harry Pierson's orchestra
from Oakland, an aggregation of col
ored music-makers. Patrons and pa
tronesses are Col. and Mrs. E. R. W.
McCabe and Mr. and Mrs. A. E. Roth.
Encina lobby will be transformed
into a moonlit park Saturday evening
when the last hall dance of the quar
ter gets under way at 8:30 o'clock.
Park benches and potted trees will
provide the atmosphere for "The
Moonlight March," featured douce of
the evening.
James Keesling, dance chairman, an
nounces that approximately 125 bids
have been sold so far. Blue leather
programs with silver decoration will
be given out today and tomorrow to
bid-holders in Room 232, Encina.
Music for the informal will be fur
nished by Harry Pierson's orchestra
from Oakland, an aggregation of col
ored music-makers. Patrons and pa
tronesses are Col. and Mrs. E. R. W.
McCabe and Mr. and Mrs. A. E. Roth.
Encina lobby will be transformed
into a moonlit park Saturday evening
when the last hall dance of the quar
ter gets under way at 8:30 o'clock.
Park benches and potted trees will
provide the atmosphere for "The
Moonlight March," featured douce of
the evening.
James Keesling, dance chairman, an
nounces that approximately 125 bids
have been sold so far. Blue leather
programs with silver decoration will
be given out today and tomorrow to
bid-holders in Room 232, Encina.
Music for the informal will be fur
nished by Harry Pierson's orchestra
from Oakland, an aggregation of col
ored music-makers. Patrons and pa
tronesses are Col. and Mrs. E. R. W.
McCabe and Mr. and Mrs. A. E. Roth.
Encina lobby will be transformed
into a moonlit park Saturday evening
when the last hall dance of the quar
ter gets under way at 8:30 o'clock.
Park benches and potted trees will
provide the atmosphere for "The
Moonlight March," featured douce of
the evening.
James Keesling, dance chairman, an
nounces that approximately 125 bids
have been sold so far. Blue leather
programs with silver decoration will
be given out today and tomorrow to
bid-holders in Room 232, Encina.
Music for the informal will be fur
nished by Harry Pierson's orchestra
from Oakland, an aggregation of col
ored music-makers. Patrons and pa
tronesses are Col. and Mrs. E. R. W.
McCabe and Mr. and Mrs. A. E. Roth.
Encina lobby will be transformed
into a moonlit park Saturday evening
when the last hall dance of the quar
ter gets under way at 8:30 o'clock.
Park benches and potted trees will
provide the atmosphere for "The
Moonlight March," featured douce of
the evening.
James Keesling, dance chairman, an
nounces that approximately 125 bids
have been sold so far. Blue leather
programs with silver decoration will
be given out today and tomorrow to
bid-holders in Room 232, Encina.
Music for the informal will be fur
nished by Harry Pierson's orchestra
from Oakland, an aggregation of col
ored music-makers. Patrons and pa
tronesses are Col. and Mrs. E. R. W.
McCabe and Mr. and Mrs. A. E. Roth.
Encina lobby will be transformed
into a moonlit park Saturday evening
when the last hall dance of the quar
ter gets under way at 8:30 o'clock.
Park benches and potted trees will
provide the atmosphere for "The
Moonlight March," featured douce of
the evening.
James Keesling, dance chairman, an
nounces that approximately 125 bids
have been sold so far. Blue leather
programs with silver decoration will
be given out today and tomorrow to
bid-holders in Room 232, Encina.
Music for the informal will be fur
nished by Harry Pierson's orchestra
from Oakland, an aggregation of col
ored music-makers. Patrons and pa
tronesses are Col. and Mrs. E. R. W.
McCabe and Mr. and Mrs. A. E. Roth.
Encina lobby will be transformed
into a moonlit park Saturday evening
when the last hall dance of the quar
ter gets under way at 8:30 o'clock.
Park benches and potted trees will
provide the atmosphere for "The
Moonlight March," featured douce of
the evening.
James Keesling, dance chairman, an
nounces that approximately 125 bids
have been sold so far. Blue leather
programs with silver decoration will
be given out today and tomorrow to
bid-holders in Room 232, Encina.
Music for the informal will be fur
nished by Harry Pierson's orchestra
from Oakland, an aggregation of col
ored music-makers. Patrons and pa
tronesses are Col. and Mrs. E. R. W.
McCabe and Mr. and Mrs. A. E. Roth.
Encina lobby will be transformed
into a moonlit park Saturday evening
when the last hall dance of the quar
ter gets under way at 8:30 o'clock.
Park benches and potted trees will
provide the atmosphere for "The
Moonlight March," featured douce of
the evening.
James Keesling, dance chairman, an
nounces that approximately 125 bids
have been sold so far. Blue leather
programs with silver decoration will
be given out today and tomorrow to
bid-holders in Room 232, Encina.
Music for the informal will be fur
nished by Harry Pierson's orchestra
from Oakland, an aggregation of col
ored music-makers. Patrons and pa
tronesses are Col. and Mrs. E. R. W.
McCabe and Mr. and Mrs. A. E. Roth.
Encina lobby will be transformed
into a moonlit park Saturday evening
when the last hall dance of the quar
ter gets under way at 8:30 o'clock.
Park benches and potted trees will
provide the atmosphere for "The
Moonlight March," featured douce of
the evening.
James Keesling, dance chairman, an
nounces that approximately 125 bids
have been sold so far. Blue leather
programs with silver decoration will
be given out today and tomorrow to
bid-holders in Room 232, Encina.
Music for the informal will be fur
nished by Harry Pierson's orchestra
from Oakland, an aggregation of col
ored music-makers. Patrons and pa
tronesses are Col. and Mrs. E. R. W.
McCabe and Mr. and Mrs. A. E. Roth.
Encina lobby will be transformed
into a moonlit park Saturday evening
when the last hall dance of the quar
ter gets under way at 8:30 o'clock.
Park benches and potted trees will
provide the atmosphere for "The
Moonlight March," featured douce of
the evening.
James Keesling, dance chairman, an
nounces that approximately 125 bids
have been sold so far. Blue leather
programs with silver decoration will
be given out today and tomorrow to
bid-holders in Room 232, Encina.
Music for the informal will be fur
nished by Harry Pierson's orchestra
from Oakland, an aggregation of col
ored music-makers. Patrons and pa
tronesses are Col. and Mrs. E. R. W.
McCabe and Mr. and Mrs. A. E. Roth.
Encina lobby will be transformed
into a moonlit park Saturday evening
when the last hall dance of the quar
ter gets under way at 8:30 o'clock.
Park benches and potted trees will
provide the atmosphere for "The
Moonlight March," featured douce of
the evening.
James Keesling, dance chairman, an
nounces that approximately 125 bids
have been sold so far. Blue leather
programs with silver decoration will
be given out today and tomorrow to
bid-holders in Room 232, Encina.
Music for the informal will be fur
nished by Harry Pierson's orchestra
from Oakland, an aggregation of col
ored music-makers. Patrons and pa
tronesses are Col. and Mrs. E. R. W.
McCabe and Mr. and Mrs. A. E. Roth.
