# Registration For Men In Advanced Hygiene Opened
## 
### 
Preregistration in General Construc
tive Hygiene No. 150 and General De
fensive Hygiene No. 151 for Upper
Division men in the winter quarter
may be completed December 9, 10,
and 11 in the Physical Education
building, room 10.
Preregistration in General Construc
tive Hygiene No. 150 and General De
fensive Hygiene No. 151 for Upper
Division men in the winter quarter
may be completed December 9, 10,
and 11 in the Physical Education
building, room 10.
Preregistration in General Construc
tive Hygiene No. 150 and General De
fensive Hygiene No. 151 for Upper
Division men in the winter quarter
may be completed December 9, 10,
and 11 in the Physical Education
building, room 10.
Preregistration in General Construc
tive Hygiene No. 150 and General De
fensive Hygiene No. 151 for Upper
Division men in the winter quarter
may be completed December 9, 10,
and 11 in the Physical Education
building, room 10.
Preregistration in General Construc
tive Hygiene No. 150 and General De
fensive Hygiene No. 151 for Upper
Division men in the winter quarter
may be completed December 9, 10,
and 11 in the Physical Education
building, room 10.
Preregistration in General Construc
tive Hygiene No. 150 and General De
fensive Hygiene No. 151 for Upper
Division men in the winter quarter
may be completed December 9, 10,
and 11 in the Physical Education
building, room 10.
Preregistration in General Construc
tive Hygiene No. 150 and General De
fensive Hygiene No. 151 for Upper
Division men in the winter quarter
may be completed December 9, 10,
and 11 in the Physical Education
building, room 10.
Preregistration in General Construc
tive Hygiene No. 150 and General De
fensive Hygiene No. 151 for Upper
Division men in the winter quarter
may be completed December 9, 10,
and 11 in the Physical Education
building, room 10.
Preregistration in General Construc
tive Hygiene No. 150 and General De
fensive Hygiene No. 151 for Upper
Division men in the winter quarter
may be completed December 9, 10,
and 11 in the Physical Education
building, room 10.
Preregistration in General Construc
tive Hygiene No. 150 and General De
fensive Hygiene No. 151 for Upper
Division men in the winter quarter
may be completed December 9, 10,
and 11 in the Physical Education
building, room 10.
Preregistration in General Construc
tive Hygiene No. 150 and General De
fensive Hygiene No. 151 for Upper
Division men in the winter quarter
may be completed December 9, 10,
and 11 in the Physical Education
building, room 10.
Preregistration in General Construc
tive Hygiene No. 150 and General De
fensive Hygiene No. 151 for Upper
Division men in the winter quarter
may be completed December 9, 10,
and 11 in the Physical Education
building, room 10.
Preregistration in General Construc
tive Hygiene No. 150 and General De
fensive Hygiene No. 151 for Upper
Division men in the winter quarter
may be completed December 9, 10,
and 11 in the Physical Education
building, room 10.
Preregistration in General Construc
tive Hygiene No. 150 and General De
fensive Hygiene No. 151 for Upper
Division men in the winter quarter
may be completed December 9, 10,
and 11 in the Physical Education
building, room 10.
Preregistration in General Construc
tive Hygiene No. 150 and General De
fensive Hygiene No. 151 for Upper
Division men in the winter quarter
may be completed December 9, 10,
and 11 in the Physical Education
building, room 10.
Preregistration in General Construc
tive Hygiene No. 150 and General De
fensive Hygiene No. 151 for Upper
Division men in the winter quarter
may be completed December 9, 10,
and 11 in the Physical Education
building, room 10.
Preregistration in General Construc
tive Hygiene No. 150 and General De
fensive Hygiene No. 151 for Upper
Division men in the winter quarter
may be completed December 9, 10,
and 11 in the Physical Education
building, room 10.
