# 'RICHARD IT' TONIGHT
## 
### 
The public is invited free (
charge to a repeat showing of th
television film "King Richard II
with Maurice Evans, tonight at 8 i
Cubberley Auditorium in the Edu
cation Building. The film is spor
sored by the Committee on Pub!
Exercises.
The public is invited free (
charge to a repeat showing of th
television film "King Richard II
with Maurice Evans, tonight at 8 i
Cubberley Auditorium in the Edu
cation Building. The film is spor
sored by the Committee on Pub!
Exercises.
The public is invited free (
charge to a repeat showing of th
television film "King Richard II
with Maurice Evans, tonight at 8 i
Cubberley Auditorium in the Edu
cation Building. The film is spor
sored by the Committee on Pub!
Exercises.
The public is invited free (
charge to a repeat showing of th
television film "King Richard II
with Maurice Evans, tonight at 8 i
Cubberley Auditorium in the Edu
cation Building. The film is spor
sored by the Committee on Pub!
Exercises.
The public is invited free (
charge to a repeat showing of th
television film "King Richard II
with Maurice Evans, tonight at 8 i
Cubberley Auditorium in the Edu
cation Building. The film is spor
sored by the Committee on Pub!
Exercises.
The public is invited free (
charge to a repeat showing of th
television film "King Richard II
with Maurice Evans, tonight at 8 i
Cubberley Auditorium in the Edu
cation Building. The film is spor
sored by the Committee on Pub!
Exercises.
The public is invited free (
charge to a repeat showing of th
television film "King Richard II
with Maurice Evans, tonight at 8 i
Cubberley Auditorium in the Edu
cation Building. The film is spor
sored by the Committee on Pub!
Exercises.
The public is invited free (
charge to a repeat showing of th
television film "King Richard II
with Maurice Evans, tonight at 8 i
Cubberley Auditorium in the Edu
cation Building. The film is spor
sored by the Committee on Pub!
Exercises.
The public is invited free (
charge to a repeat showing of th
television film "King Richard II
with Maurice Evans, tonight at 8 i
Cubberley Auditorium in the Edu
cation Building. The film is spor
sored by the Committee on Pub!
Exercises.
The public is invited free (
charge to a repeat showing of th
television film "King Richard II
with Maurice Evans, tonight at 8 i
Cubberley Auditorium in the Edu
cation Building. The film is spor
sored by the Committee on Pub!
Exercises.
The public is invited free (
charge to a repeat showing of th
television film "King Richard II
with Maurice Evans, tonight at 8 i
Cubberley Auditorium in the Edu
cation Building. The film is spor
sored by the Committee on Pub!
Exercises.
The public is invited free (
charge to a repeat showing of th
television film "King Richard II
with Maurice Evans, tonight at 8 i
Cubberley Auditorium in the Edu
cation Building. The film is spor
sored by the Committee on Pub!
Exercises.
The public is invited free (
charge to a repeat showing of th
television film "King Richard II
with Maurice Evans, tonight at 8 i
Cubberley Auditorium in the Edu
cation Building. The film is spor
sored by the Committee on Pub!
Exercises.
The public is invited free (
charge to a repeat showing of th
television film "King Richard II
with Maurice Evans, tonight at 8 i
Cubberley Auditorium in the Edu
cation Building. The film is spor
sored by the Committee on Pub!
Exercises.
