# Under the Weather
## 
### 
Palo Alto Hospital: Donn Cars
well, Alan Shaw.
Men's Rest Home: Steven An
derson, Robert Flaherty, Thomas
Jessen, Clark King, Edward Per
rin. .Ronald Reggs.
Women's 'Res-t Home: Nancy
Christopher.
Palo Alto Hospital: Donn Cars
well, Alan Shaw.
Men's Rest Home: Steven An
derson, Robert Flaherty, Thomas
Jessen, Clark King, Edward Per
rin. .Ronald Reggs.
Women's 'Res-t Home: Nancy
Christopher.
Palo Alto Hospital: Donn Cars
well, Alan Shaw.
Men's Rest Home: Steven An
derson, Robert Flaherty, Thomas
Jessen, Clark King, Edward Per
rin. .Ronald Reggs.
Women's 'Res-t Home: Nancy
Christopher.
Palo Alto Hospital: Donn Cars
well, Alan Shaw.
Men's Rest Home: Steven An
derson, Robert Flaherty, Thomas
Jessen, Clark King, Edward Per
rin. .Ronald Reggs.
Women's 'Res-t Home: Nancy
Christopher.
Palo Alto Hospital: Donn Cars
well, Alan Shaw.
Men's Rest Home: Steven An
derson, Robert Flaherty, Thomas
Jessen, Clark King, Edward Per
rin. .Ronald Reggs.
Women's 'Res-t Home: Nancy
Christopher.
Palo Alto Hospital: Donn Cars
well, Alan Shaw.
Men's Rest Home: Steven An
derson, Robert Flaherty, Thomas
Jessen, Clark King, Edward Per
rin. .Ronald Reggs.
Women's 'Res-t Home: Nancy
Christopher.
Palo Alto Hospital: Donn Cars
well, Alan Shaw.
Men's Rest Home: Steven An
derson, Robert Flaherty, Thomas
Jessen, Clark King, Edward Per
rin. .Ronald Reggs.
Women's 'Res-t Home: Nancy
Christopher.
Palo Alto Hospital: Donn Cars
well, Alan Shaw.
Men's Rest Home: Steven An
derson, Robert Flaherty, Thomas
Jessen, Clark King, Edward Per
rin. .Ronald Reggs.
Women's 'Res-t Home: Nancy
Christopher.
Palo Alto Hospital: Donn Cars
well, Alan Shaw.
Men's Rest Home: Steven An
derson, Robert Flaherty, Thomas
Jessen, Clark King, Edward Per
rin. .Ronald Reggs.
Women's 'Res-t Home: Nancy
Christopher.
Palo Alto Hospital: Donn Cars
well, Alan Shaw.
Men's Rest Home: Steven An
derson, Robert Flaherty, Thomas
Jessen, Clark King, Edward Per
rin. .Ronald Reggs.
Women's 'Res-t Home: Nancy
Christopher.
Palo Alto Hospital: Donn Cars
well, Alan Shaw.
Men's Rest Home: Steven An
derson, Robert Flaherty, Thomas
Jessen, Clark King, Edward Per
rin. .Ronald Reggs.
Women's 'Res-t Home: Nancy
Christopher.
Palo Alto Hospital: Donn Cars
well, Alan Shaw.
Men's Rest Home: Steven An
derson, Robert Flaherty, Thomas
Jessen, Clark King, Edward Per
rin. .Ronald Reggs.
Women's 'Res-t Home: Nancy
Christopher.
Palo Alto Hospital: Donn Cars
well, Alan Shaw.
Men's Rest Home: Steven An
derson, Robert Flaherty, Thomas
Jessen, Clark King, Edward Per
rin. .Ronald Reggs.
Women's 'Res-t Home: Nancy
Christopher.
Palo Alto Hospital: Donn Cars
well, Alan Shaw.
Men's Rest Home: Steven An
derson, Robert Flaherty, Thomas
Jessen, Clark King, Edward Per
rin. .Ronald Reggs.
Women's 'Res-t Home: Nancy
Christopher.
Palo Alto Hospital: Donn Cars
well, Alan Shaw.
Men's Rest Home: Steven An
derson, Robert Flaherty, Thomas
Jessen, Clark King, Edward Per
rin. .Ronald Reggs.
Women's 'Res-t Home: Nancy
Christopher.
Palo Alto Hospital: Donn Cars
well, Alan Shaw.
Men's Rest Home: Steven An
derson, Robert Flaherty, Thomas
Jessen, Clark King, Edward Per
rin. .Ronald Reggs.
Women's 'Res-t Home: Nancy
Christopher.
