# INTRAMURAL BOXING
## 
### 
Today is the closing date for in- '
tramuial boxing signups. Some
weights have no entrants yet. and
boxers are needed.
Today is the closing date for in- '
tramuial boxing signups. Some
weights have no entrants yet. and
boxers are needed.
Today is the closing date for in- '
tramuial boxing signups. Some
weights have no entrants yet. and
boxers are needed.
Today is the closing date for in- '
tramuial boxing signups. Some
weights have no entrants yet. and
boxers are needed.
Today is the closing date for in- '
tramuial boxing signups. Some
weights have no entrants yet. and
boxers are needed.
Today is the closing date for in- '
tramuial boxing signups. Some
weights have no entrants yet. and
boxers are needed.
Today is the closing date for in- '
tramuial boxing signups. Some
weights have no entrants yet. and
boxers are needed.
Today is the closing date for in- '
tramuial boxing signups. Some
weights have no entrants yet. and
boxers are needed.
Today is the closing date for in- '
tramuial boxing signups. Some
weights have no entrants yet. and
boxers are needed.
Today is the closing date for in- '
tramuial boxing signups. Some
weights have no entrants yet. and
boxers are needed.
Today is the closing date for in- '
tramuial boxing signups. Some
weights have no entrants yet. and
boxers are needed.
Today is the closing date for in- '
tramuial boxing signups. Some
weights have no entrants yet. and
boxers are needed.
Today is the closing date for in- '
tramuial boxing signups. Some
weights have no entrants yet. and
boxers are needed.
Today is the closing date for in- '
tramuial boxing signups. Some
weights have no entrants yet. and
boxers are needed.
Today is the closing date for in- '
tramuial boxing signups. Some
weights have no entrants yet. and
boxers are needed.
