# THETA DELT OFFICERS
## 
### 
Theta Delta Chi has announced the
results of its Monday night elec
tion. Richard Snell was choscn pres
ident: Wally Breuner, house mana
ger; John Buren, rushing chairman;
and Bruce Mikesell, social chairman.
Theta Delta Chi has announced the
results of its Monday night elec
tion. Richard Snell was choscn pres
ident: Wally Breuner, house mana
ger; John Buren, rushing chairman;
and Bruce Mikesell, social chairman.
Theta Delta Chi has announced the
results of its Monday night elec
tion. Richard Snell was choscn pres
ident: Wally Breuner, house mana
ger; John Buren, rushing chairman;
and Bruce Mikesell, social chairman.
Theta Delta Chi has announced the
results of its Monday night elec
tion. Richard Snell was choscn pres
ident: Wally Breuner, house mana
ger; John Buren, rushing chairman;
and Bruce Mikesell, social chairman.
Theta Delta Chi has announced the
results of its Monday night elec
tion. Richard Snell was choscn pres
ident: Wally Breuner, house mana
ger; John Buren, rushing chairman;
and Bruce Mikesell, social chairman.
Theta Delta Chi has announced the
results of its Monday night elec
tion. Richard Snell was choscn pres
ident: Wally Breuner, house mana
ger; John Buren, rushing chairman;
and Bruce Mikesell, social chairman.
Theta Delta Chi has announced the
results of its Monday night elec
tion. Richard Snell was choscn pres
ident: Wally Breuner, house mana
ger; John Buren, rushing chairman;
and Bruce Mikesell, social chairman.
Theta Delta Chi has announced the
results of its Monday night elec
tion. Richard Snell was choscn pres
ident: Wally Breuner, house mana
ger; John Buren, rushing chairman;
and Bruce Mikesell, social chairman.
Theta Delta Chi has announced the
results of its Monday night elec
tion. Richard Snell was choscn pres
ident: Wally Breuner, house mana
ger; John Buren, rushing chairman;
and Bruce Mikesell, social chairman.
Theta Delta Chi has announced the
results of its Monday night elec
tion. Richard Snell was choscn pres
ident: Wally Breuner, house mana
ger; John Buren, rushing chairman;
and Bruce Mikesell, social chairman.
Theta Delta Chi has announced the
results of its Monday night elec
tion. Richard Snell was choscn pres
ident: Wally Breuner, house mana
ger; John Buren, rushing chairman;
and Bruce Mikesell, social chairman.
Theta Delta Chi has announced the
results of its Monday night elec
tion. Richard Snell was choscn pres
ident: Wally Breuner, house mana
ger; John Buren, rushing chairman;
and Bruce Mikesell, social chairman.
Theta Delta Chi has announced the
results of its Monday night elec
tion. Richard Snell was choscn pres
ident: Wally Breuner, house mana
ger; John Buren, rushing chairman;
and Bruce Mikesell, social chairman.
Theta Delta Chi has announced the
results of its Monday night elec
tion. Richard Snell was choscn pres
ident: Wally Breuner, house mana
ger; John Buren, rushing chairman;
and Bruce Mikesell, social chairman.
Theta Delta Chi has announced the
results of its Monday night elec
tion. Richard Snell was choscn pres
ident: Wally Breuner, house mana
ger; John Buren, rushing chairman;
and Bruce Mikesell, social chairman.
