# Train Wreck Tragedy
## 
### 
YVOOmiKIDGK, N.J. — A Penn
sylvania Railroad express jammed
with 900 commuters hurtled off the
track and crashed down a steep em
bankment here tonight, killing 75
persons and injuring more than 500.
The engine and eight cars of the
11-car Rush Hour Express left the
tracks. Two coach cars with pas
sengers standing in the aisles
plunged all the way down a 26-foot
mud embankment to the street. Most
of the dead were trapped in the
overturned cars and rescuers had to
cut through blood-stained steel with
acetylene torches to free them. The
last of the dead were removed at
11:30 p.m.
The wreck occurred at 5:43 p.m.
(EST) on a temporary trestle and
new stretch of track used this af
ternoon for the first time. The en
gineer blamed the trestle for the
crash.
YVOOmiKIDGK, N.J. — A Penn
sylvania Railroad express jammed
with 900 commuters hurtled off the
track and crashed down a steep em
bankment here tonight, killing 75
persons and injuring more than 500.
The engine and eight cars of the
11-car Rush Hour Express left the
tracks. Two coach cars with pas
sengers standing in the aisles
plunged all the way down a 26-foot
mud embankment to the street. Most
of the dead were trapped in the
overturned cars and rescuers had to
cut through blood-stained steel with
acetylene torches to free them. The
last of the dead were removed at
11:30 p.m.
The wreck occurred at 5:43 p.m.
(EST) on a temporary trestle and
new stretch of track used this af
ternoon for the first time. The en
gineer blamed the trestle for the
crash.
YVOOmiKIDGK, N.J. — A Penn
sylvania Railroad express jammed
with 900 commuters hurtled off the
track and crashed down a steep em
bankment here tonight, killing 75
persons and injuring more than 500.
The engine and eight cars of the
11-car Rush Hour Express left the
tracks. Two coach cars with pas
sengers standing in the aisles
plunged all the way down a 26-foot
mud embankment to the street. Most
of the dead were trapped in the
overturned cars and rescuers had to
cut through blood-stained steel with
acetylene torches to free them. The
last of the dead were removed at
11:30 p.m.
The wreck occurred at 5:43 p.m.
(EST) on a temporary trestle and
new stretch of track used this af
ternoon for the first time. The en
gineer blamed the trestle for the
crash.
YVOOmiKIDGK, N.J. — A Penn
sylvania Railroad express jammed
with 900 commuters hurtled off the
track and crashed down a steep em
bankment here tonight, killing 75
persons and injuring more than 500.
The engine and eight cars of the
11-car Rush Hour Express left the
tracks. Two coach cars with pas
sengers standing in the aisles
plunged all the way down a 26-foot
mud embankment to the street. Most
of the dead were trapped in the
overturned cars and rescuers had to
cut through blood-stained steel with
acetylene torches to free them. The
last of the dead were removed at
11:30 p.m.
The wreck occurred at 5:43 p.m.
(EST) on a temporary trestle and
new stretch of track used this af
ternoon for the first time. The en
gineer blamed the trestle for the
crash.
YVOOmiKIDGK, N.J. — A Penn
sylvania Railroad express jammed
with 900 commuters hurtled off the
track and crashed down a steep em
bankment here tonight, killing 75
persons and injuring more than 500.
The engine and eight cars of the
11-car Rush Hour Express left the
tracks. Two coach cars with pas
sengers standing in the aisles
plunged all the way down a 26-foot
mud embankment to the street. Most
of the dead were trapped in the
overturned cars and rescuers had to
cut through blood-stained steel with
acetylene torches to free them. The
last of the dead were removed at
11:30 p.m.
The wreck occurred at 5:43 p.m.
(EST) on a temporary trestle and
new stretch of track used this af
ternoon for the first time. The en
gineer blamed the trestle for the
crash.
YVOOmiKIDGK, N.J. — A Penn
sylvania Railroad express jammed
with 900 commuters hurtled off the
track and crashed down a steep em
bankment here tonight, killing 75
persons and injuring more than 500.
The engine and eight cars of the
11-car Rush Hour Express left the
tracks. Two coach cars with pas
sengers standing in the aisles
plunged all the way down a 26-foot
mud embankment to the street. Most
of the dead were trapped in the
overturned cars and rescuers had to
cut through blood-stained steel with
acetylene torches to free them. The
last of the dead were removed at
11:30 p.m.
The wreck occurred at 5:43 p.m.
(EST) on a temporary trestle and
new stretch of track used this af
ternoon for the first time. The en
gineer blamed the trestle for the
crash.
YVOOmiKIDGK, N.J. — A Penn
sylvania Railroad express jammed
with 900 commuters hurtled off the
track and crashed down a steep em
bankment here tonight, killing 75
persons and injuring more than 500.
The engine and eight cars of the
11-car Rush Hour Express left the
tracks. Two coach cars with pas
sengers standing in the aisles
plunged all the way down a 26-foot
mud embankment to the street. Most
of the dead were trapped in the
overturned cars and rescuers had to
cut through blood-stained steel with
acetylene torches to free them. The
last of the dead were removed at
11:30 p.m.
The wreck occurred at 5:43 p.m.
(EST) on a temporary trestle and
new stretch of track used this af
ternoon for the first time. The en
gineer blamed the trestle for the
crash.
YVOOmiKIDGK, N.J. — A Penn
sylvania Railroad express jammed
with 900 commuters hurtled off the
track and crashed down a steep em
bankment here tonight, killing 75
persons and injuring more than 500.
The engine and eight cars of the
11-car Rush Hour Express left the
tracks. Two coach cars with pas
sengers standing in the aisles
plunged all the way down a 26-foot
mud embankment to the street. Most
of the dead were trapped in the
overturned cars and rescuers had to
cut through blood-stained steel with
acetylene torches to free them. The
last of the dead were removed at
11:30 p.m.
The wreck occurred at 5:43 p.m.
(EST) on a temporary trestle and
new stretch of track used this af
ternoon for the first time. The en
gineer blamed the trestle for the
crash.
YVOOmiKIDGK, N.J. — A Penn
sylvania Railroad express jammed
with 900 commuters hurtled off the
track and crashed down a steep em
bankment here tonight, killing 75
persons and injuring more than 500.
The engine and eight cars of the
11-car Rush Hour Express left the
tracks. Two coach cars with pas
sengers standing in the aisles
plunged all the way down a 26-foot
mud embankment to the street. Most
of the dead were trapped in the
overturned cars and rescuers had to
cut through blood-stained steel with
acetylene torches to free them. The
last of the dead were removed at
11:30 p.m.
The wreck occurred at 5:43 p.m.
(EST) on a temporary trestle and
new stretch of track used this af
ternoon for the first time. The en
gineer blamed the trestle for the
crash.
YVOOmiKIDGK, N.J. — A Penn
sylvania Railroad express jammed
with 900 commuters hurtled off the
track and crashed down a steep em
bankment here tonight, killing 75
persons and injuring more than 500.
The engine and eight cars of the
11-car Rush Hour Express left the
tracks. Two coach cars with pas
sengers standing in the aisles
plunged all the way down a 26-foot
mud embankment to the street. Most
of the dead were trapped in the
overturned cars and rescuers had to
cut through blood-stained steel with
acetylene torches to free them. The
last of the dead were removed at
11:30 p.m.
The wreck occurred at 5:43 p.m.
(EST) on a temporary trestle and
new stretch of track used this af
ternoon for the first time. The en
gineer blamed the trestle for the
crash.
YVOOmiKIDGK, N.J. — A Penn
sylvania Railroad express jammed
with 900 commuters hurtled off the
track and crashed down a steep em
bankment here tonight, killing 75
persons and injuring more than 500.
The engine and eight cars of the
11-car Rush Hour Express left the
tracks. Two coach cars with pas
sengers standing in the aisles
plunged all the way down a 26-foot
mud embankment to the street. Most
of the dead were trapped in the
overturned cars and rescuers had to
cut through blood-stained steel with
acetylene torches to free them. The
last of the dead were removed at
11:30 p.m.
The wreck occurred at 5:43 p.m.
(EST) on a temporary trestle and
new stretch of track used this af
ternoon for the first time. The en
gineer blamed the trestle for the
crash.
YVOOmiKIDGK, N.J. — A Penn
sylvania Railroad express jammed
with 900 commuters hurtled off the
track and crashed down a steep em
bankment here tonight, killing 75
persons and injuring more than 500.
The engine and eight cars of the
11-car Rush Hour Express left the
tracks. Two coach cars with pas
sengers standing in the aisles
plunged all the way down a 26-foot
mud embankment to the street. Most
of the dead were trapped in the
overturned cars and rescuers had to
cut through blood-stained steel with
acetylene torches to free them. The
last of the dead were removed at
11:30 p.m.
The wreck occurred at 5:43 p.m.
(EST) on a temporary trestle and
new stretch of track used this af
ternoon for the first time. The en
gineer blamed the trestle for the
crash.
YVOOmiKIDGK, N.J. — A Penn
sylvania Railroad express jammed
with 900 commuters hurtled off the
track and crashed down a steep em
bankment here tonight, killing 75
persons and injuring more than 500.
The engine and eight cars of the
11-car Rush Hour Express left the
tracks. Two coach cars with pas
sengers standing in the aisles
plunged all the way down a 26-foot
mud embankment to the street. Most
of the dead were trapped in the
overturned cars and rescuers had to
cut through blood-stained steel with
acetylene torches to free them. The
last of the dead were removed at
11:30 p.m.
The wreck occurred at 5:43 p.m.
(EST) on a temporary trestle and
new stretch of track used this af
ternoon for the first time. The en
gineer blamed the trestle for the
crash.
YVOOmiKIDGK, N.J. — A Penn
sylvania Railroad express jammed
with 900 commuters hurtled off the
track and crashed down a steep em
bankment here tonight, killing 75
persons and injuring more than 500.
The engine and eight cars of the
11-car Rush Hour Express left the
tracks. Two coach cars with pas
sengers standing in the aisles
plunged all the way down a 26-foot
mud embankment to the street. Most
of the dead were trapped in the
overturned cars and rescuers had to
cut through blood-stained steel with
acetylene torches to free them. The
last of the dead were removed at
11:30 p.m.
The wreck occurred at 5:43 p.m.
(EST) on a temporary trestle and
new stretch of track used this af
ternoon for the first time. The en
gineer blamed the trestle for the
crash.
YVOOmiKIDGK, N.J. — A Penn
sylvania Railroad express jammed
with 900 commuters hurtled off the
track and crashed down a steep em
bankment here tonight, killing 75
persons and injuring more than 500.
The engine and eight cars of the
11-car Rush Hour Express left the
tracks. Two coach cars with pas
sengers standing in the aisles
plunged all the way down a 26-foot
mud embankment to the street. Most
of the dead were trapped in the
overturned cars and rescuers had to
cut through blood-stained steel with
acetylene torches to free them. The
last of the dead were removed at
11:30 p.m.
The wreck occurred at 5:43 p.m.
(EST) on a temporary trestle and
new stretch of track used this af
ternoon for the first time. The en
gineer blamed the trestle for the
crash.
