# California Notes.
## 
### 
—The junior farce, "Mclnnis, or
the Two Poppers," is being re
hearsed. It will be presented at
the Central Theater in San Fran
cisco junior day.
— Prof. Albert A. Standley, head
of the department of music at the
University of Michigan since 1888,
has been secured to conduct a
course in music, beginning next
August.
—The work of installing a heat
ing plant in the college grounds
lias been begun by the removal of
the stables on the bank of Straw
berry creek. The plant is to cost
$50,000.
—The total enrollment of stu
dents, including the summer ses
sion, has • been announced.
The statistics show that in the
academic college at Berkeley and
at its branches in San Francisco
there is a total of 3,690 students.
The teaching force numbers 342.
—The junior farce, "Mclnnis, or
the Two Poppers," is being re
hearsed. It will be presented at
the Central Theater in San Fran
cisco junior day.
— Prof. Albert A. Standley, head
of the department of music at the
University of Michigan since 1888,
has been secured to conduct a
course in music, beginning next
August.
—The work of installing a heat
ing plant in the college grounds
lias been begun by the removal of
the stables on the bank of Straw
berry creek. The plant is to cost
$50,000.
—The total enrollment of stu
dents, including the summer ses
sion, has • been announced.
The statistics show that in the
academic college at Berkeley and
at its branches in San Francisco
there is a total of 3,690 students.
The teaching force numbers 342.
—The junior farce, "Mclnnis, or
the Two Poppers," is being re
hearsed. It will be presented at
the Central Theater in San Fran
cisco junior day.
— Prof. Albert A. Standley, head
of the department of music at the
University of Michigan since 1888,
has been secured to conduct a
course in music, beginning next
August.
—The work of installing a heat
ing plant in the college grounds
lias been begun by the removal of
the stables on the bank of Straw
berry creek. The plant is to cost
$50,000.
—The total enrollment of stu
dents, including the summer ses
sion, has • been announced.
The statistics show that in the
academic college at Berkeley and
at its branches in San Francisco
there is a total of 3,690 students.
The teaching force numbers 342.
—The junior farce, "Mclnnis, or
the Two Poppers," is being re
hearsed. It will be presented at
the Central Theater in San Fran
cisco junior day.
— Prof. Albert A. Standley, head
of the department of music at the
University of Michigan since 1888,
has been secured to conduct a
course in music, beginning next
August.
—The work of installing a heat
ing plant in the college grounds
lias been begun by the removal of
the stables on the bank of Straw
berry creek. The plant is to cost
$50,000.
—The total enrollment of stu
dents, including the summer ses
sion, has • been announced.
The statistics show that in the
academic college at Berkeley and
at its branches in San Francisco
there is a total of 3,690 students.
The teaching force numbers 342.
—The junior farce, "Mclnnis, or
the Two Poppers," is being re
hearsed. It will be presented at
the Central Theater in San Fran
cisco junior day.
— Prof. Albert A. Standley, head
of the department of music at the
University of Michigan since 1888,
has been secured to conduct a
course in music, beginning next
August.
—The work of installing a heat
ing plant in the college grounds
lias been begun by the removal of
the stables on the bank of Straw
berry creek. The plant is to cost
$50,000.
—The total enrollment of stu
dents, including the summer ses
sion, has • been announced.
The statistics show that in the
academic college at Berkeley and
at its branches in San Francisco
there is a total of 3,690 students.
The teaching force numbers 342.
—The junior farce, "Mclnnis, or
the Two Poppers," is being re
hearsed. It will be presented at
the Central Theater in San Fran
cisco junior day.
— Prof. Albert A. Standley, head
of the department of music at the
University of Michigan since 1888,
has been secured to conduct a
course in music, beginning next
August.
—The work of installing a heat
ing plant in the college grounds
lias been begun by the removal of
the stables on the bank of Straw
berry creek. The plant is to cost
$50,000.
—The total enrollment of stu
dents, including the summer ses
sion, has • been announced.
The statistics show that in the
academic college at Berkeley and
at its branches in San Francisco
there is a total of 3,690 students.
The teaching force numbers 342.
—The junior farce, "Mclnnis, or
the Two Poppers," is being re
hearsed. It will be presented at
the Central Theater in San Fran
cisco junior day.
— Prof. Albert A. Standley, head
of the department of music at the
University of Michigan since 1888,
has been secured to conduct a
course in music, beginning next
August.
—The work of installing a heat
ing plant in the college grounds
lias been begun by the removal of
the stables on the bank of Straw
berry creek. The plant is to cost
$50,000.
—The total enrollment of stu
dents, including the summer ses
sion, has • been announced.
The statistics show that in the
academic college at Berkeley and
at its branches in San Francisco
there is a total of 3,690 students.
The teaching force numbers 342.
—The junior farce, "Mclnnis, or
the Two Poppers," is being re
hearsed. It will be presented at
the Central Theater in San Fran
cisco junior day.
— Prof. Albert A. Standley, head
of the department of music at the
University of Michigan since 1888,
has been secured to conduct a
course in music, beginning next
August.
—The work of installing a heat
ing plant in the college grounds
lias been begun by the removal of
the stables on the bank of Straw
berry creek. The plant is to cost
$50,000.
—The total enrollment of stu
dents, including the summer ses
sion, has • been announced.
The statistics show that in the
academic college at Berkeley and
at its branches in San Francisco
there is a total of 3,690 students.
The teaching force numbers 342.
