# NO ST. LOUIS EXHIBIT.
## Stanford Will Not be Represented at the Exposition Next Year. 
### 
In all probability Stanford will
not be represented by an exhibit at
the St. Louis Exposition in 1904.
President Jordan litis announced
that it would be in opposition to
the policy of the founders to adver
tise the University even by so indi
rect a means as placing an exhibit
at a great exposition. In contra
distinction to the policy to be
adopted by Stanford, California
will have a large exhibit illustra
ting its present educational facili
ties and the proposed additions to
its buildings.
Professor Furlong, who has been
placed in charge of the educational
exhibits of California by the State
Commissioners to the St. Louis Ex
position, has received definite in
formation from Dr. Jordan that
Stanford will not join the Univer
sity of California in exhibiting at
the Fair, but in Bpite of the disap
pointment that this announcement
will cause among Stanford gradu
ates in particular, and residents of
the state in general, the policy of
the founder was clearly expressed
on this point.
In all probability Stanford will
not be represented by an exhibit at
the St. Louis Exposition in 1904.
President Jordan litis announced
that it would be in opposition to
the policy of the founders to adver
tise the University even by so indi
rect a means as placing an exhibit
at a great exposition. In contra
distinction to the policy to be
adopted by Stanford, California
will have a large exhibit illustra
ting its present educational facili
ties and the proposed additions to
its buildings.
Professor Furlong, who has been
placed in charge of the educational
exhibits of California by the State
Commissioners to the St. Louis Ex
position, has received definite in
formation from Dr. Jordan that
Stanford will not join the Univer
sity of California in exhibiting at
the Fair, but in Bpite of the disap
pointment that this announcement
will cause among Stanford gradu
ates in particular, and residents of
the state in general, the policy of
the founder was clearly expressed
on this point.
In all probability Stanford will
not be represented by an exhibit at
the St. Louis Exposition in 1904.
President Jordan litis announced
that it would be in opposition to
the policy of the founders to adver
tise the University even by so indi
rect a means as placing an exhibit
at a great exposition. In contra
distinction to the policy to be
adopted by Stanford, California
will have a large exhibit illustra
ting its present educational facili
ties and the proposed additions to
its buildings.
Professor Furlong, who has been
placed in charge of the educational
exhibits of California by the State
Commissioners to the St. Louis Ex
position, has received definite in
formation from Dr. Jordan that
Stanford will not join the Univer
sity of California in exhibiting at
the Fair, but in Bpite of the disap
pointment that this announcement
will cause among Stanford gradu
ates in particular, and residents of
the state in general, the policy of
the founder was clearly expressed
on this point.
In all probability Stanford will
not be represented by an exhibit at
the St. Louis Exposition in 1904.
President Jordan litis announced
that it would be in opposition to
the policy of the founders to adver
tise the University even by so indi
rect a means as placing an exhibit
at a great exposition. In contra
distinction to the policy to be
adopted by Stanford, California
will have a large exhibit illustra
ting its present educational facili
ties and the proposed additions to
its buildings.
Professor Furlong, who has been
placed in charge of the educational
exhibits of California by the State
Commissioners to the St. Louis Ex
position, has received definite in
formation from Dr. Jordan that
Stanford will not join the Univer
sity of California in exhibiting at
the Fair, but in Bpite of the disap
pointment that this announcement
will cause among Stanford gradu
ates in particular, and residents of
the state in general, the policy of
the founder was clearly expressed
on this point.
In all probability Stanford will
not be represented by an exhibit at
the St. Louis Exposition in 1904.
President Jordan litis announced
that it would be in opposition to
the policy of the founders to adver
tise the University even by so indi
rect a means as placing an exhibit
at a great exposition. In contra
distinction to the policy to be
adopted by Stanford, California
will have a large exhibit illustra
ting its present educational facili
ties and the proposed additions to
its buildings.
Professor Furlong, who has been
placed in charge of the educational
exhibits of California by the State
Commissioners to the St. Louis Ex
position, has received definite in
formation from Dr. Jordan that
Stanford will not join the Univer
sity of California in exhibiting at
the Fair, but in Bpite of the disap
pointment that this announcement
will cause among Stanford gradu
ates in particular, and residents of
the state in general, the policy of
the founder was clearly expressed
on this point.
In all probability Stanford will
not be represented by an exhibit at
the St. Louis Exposition in 1904.
President Jordan litis announced
that it would be in opposition to
the policy of the founders to adver
tise the University even by so indi
rect a means as placing an exhibit
at a great exposition. In contra
distinction to the policy to be
adopted by Stanford, California
will have a large exhibit illustra
ting its present educational facili
ties and the proposed additions to
its buildings.
Professor Furlong, who has been
placed in charge of the educational
exhibits of California by the State
Commissioners to the St. Louis Ex
position, has received definite in
formation from Dr. Jordan that
Stanford will not join the Univer
sity of California in exhibiting at
the Fair, but in Bpite of the disap
pointment that this announcement
will cause among Stanford gradu
ates in particular, and residents of
the state in general, the policy of
the founder was clearly expressed
on this point.
In all probability Stanford will
not be represented by an exhibit at
the St. Louis Exposition in 1904.
President Jordan litis announced
that it would be in opposition to
the policy of the founders to adver
tise the University even by so indi
rect a means as placing an exhibit
at a great exposition. In contra
distinction to the policy to be
adopted by Stanford, California
will have a large exhibit illustra
ting its present educational facili
ties and the proposed additions to
its buildings.
Professor Furlong, who has been
placed in charge of the educational
exhibits of California by the State
Commissioners to the St. Louis Ex
position, has received definite in
formation from Dr. Jordan that
Stanford will not join the Univer
sity of California in exhibiting at
the Fair, but in Bpite of the disap
pointment that this announcement
will cause among Stanford gradu
ates in particular, and residents of
the state in general, the policy of
the founder was clearly expressed
on this point.
In all probability Stanford will
not be represented by an exhibit at
the St. Louis Exposition in 1904.
President Jordan litis announced
that it would be in opposition to
the policy of the founders to adver
tise the University even by so indi
rect a means as placing an exhibit
at a great exposition. In contra
distinction to the policy to be
adopted by Stanford, California
will have a large exhibit illustra
ting its present educational facili
ties and the proposed additions to
its buildings.
Professor Furlong, who has been
placed in charge of the educational
exhibits of California by the State
Commissioners to the St. Louis Ex
position, has received definite in
formation from Dr. Jordan that
Stanford will not join the Univer
sity of California in exhibiting at
the Fair, but in Bpite of the disap
pointment that this announcement
will cause among Stanford gradu
ates in particular, and residents of
the state in general, the policy of
the founder was clearly expressed
on this point.
