# Track Meet Called Off.
## 
### 
The t raclc meet between the
Freshmen and the Santa Rosa
High School has again been post
poned because of the bad weather.
The continued rain lias prevented
the track from becoming dry, and
as a consequence it is extremely
soft in places. The danger to the
men of turning their ankles or
otherwise injuring themselves is
considered too great to warrant
the holding of the meet under the
conditions prevailing at the pres
ent time.
The t raclc meet between the
Freshmen and the Santa Rosa
High School has again been post
poned because of the bad weather.
The continued rain lias prevented
the track from becoming dry, and
as a consequence it is extremely
soft in places. The danger to the
men of turning their ankles or
otherwise injuring themselves is
considered too great to warrant
the holding of the meet under the
conditions prevailing at the pres
ent time.
The t raclc meet between the
Freshmen and the Santa Rosa
High School has again been post
poned because of the bad weather.
The continued rain lias prevented
the track from becoming dry, and
as a consequence it is extremely
soft in places. The danger to the
men of turning their ankles or
otherwise injuring themselves is
considered too great to warrant
the holding of the meet under the
conditions prevailing at the pres
ent time.
The t raclc meet between the
Freshmen and the Santa Rosa
High School has again been post
poned because of the bad weather.
The continued rain lias prevented
the track from becoming dry, and
as a consequence it is extremely
soft in places. The danger to the
men of turning their ankles or
otherwise injuring themselves is
considered too great to warrant
the holding of the meet under the
conditions prevailing at the pres
ent time.
The t raclc meet between the
Freshmen and the Santa Rosa
High School has again been post
poned because of the bad weather.
The continued rain lias prevented
the track from becoming dry, and
as a consequence it is extremely
soft in places. The danger to the
men of turning their ankles or
otherwise injuring themselves is
considered too great to warrant
the holding of the meet under the
conditions prevailing at the pres
ent time.
The t raclc meet between the
Freshmen and the Santa Rosa
High School has again been post
poned because of the bad weather.
The continued rain lias prevented
the track from becoming dry, and
as a consequence it is extremely
soft in places. The danger to the
men of turning their ankles or
otherwise injuring themselves is
considered too great to warrant
the holding of the meet under the
conditions prevailing at the pres
ent time.
The t raclc meet between the
Freshmen and the Santa Rosa
High School has again been post
poned because of the bad weather.
The continued rain lias prevented
the track from becoming dry, and
as a consequence it is extremely
soft in places. The danger to the
men of turning their ankles or
otherwise injuring themselves is
considered too great to warrant
the holding of the meet under the
conditions prevailing at the pres
ent time.
The t raclc meet between the
Freshmen and the Santa Rosa
High School has again been post
poned because of the bad weather.
The continued rain lias prevented
the track from becoming dry, and
as a consequence it is extremely
soft in places. The danger to the
men of turning their ankles or
otherwise injuring themselves is
considered too great to warrant
the holding of the meet under the
conditions prevailing at the pres
ent time.
