# Indonesian Talk Set for Dink Aud
## 
### 
Miss Sukesi Budiardjo will pro
sent a lecture, "Music and Dance
in Indonesia," today at 1:15 p.m.
in the basement rehearsal hall <d'
Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
Miss Rudiard.jo, who is the head
of (he division of information and
cultural exchange, Bureau of
Foreign Relations for the Repub
lic of Indonesia, will show a 30-
minute color film in illustration.
The program is presented by
Stanford's Archive of Recorded
Sound, a department of the Uni
versity libraries.
Miss Sukesi Budiardjo will pro
sent a lecture, "Music and Dance
in Indonesia," today at 1:15 p.m.
in the basement rehearsal hall <d'
Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
Miss Rudiard.jo, who is the head
of (he division of information and
cultural exchange, Bureau of
Foreign Relations for the Repub
lic of Indonesia, will show a 30-
minute color film in illustration.
The program is presented by
Stanford's Archive of Recorded
Sound, a department of the Uni
versity libraries.
Miss Sukesi Budiardjo will pro
sent a lecture, "Music and Dance
in Indonesia," today at 1:15 p.m.
in the basement rehearsal hall <d'
Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
Miss Rudiard.jo, who is the head
of (he division of information and
cultural exchange, Bureau of
Foreign Relations for the Repub
lic of Indonesia, will show a 30-
minute color film in illustration.
The program is presented by
Stanford's Archive of Recorded
Sound, a department of the Uni
versity libraries.
Miss Sukesi Budiardjo will pro
sent a lecture, "Music and Dance
in Indonesia," today at 1:15 p.m.
in the basement rehearsal hall <d'
Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
Miss Rudiard.jo, who is the head
of (he division of information and
cultural exchange, Bureau of
Foreign Relations for the Repub
lic of Indonesia, will show a 30-
minute color film in illustration.
The program is presented by
Stanford's Archive of Recorded
Sound, a department of the Uni
versity libraries.
Miss Sukesi Budiardjo will pro
sent a lecture, "Music and Dance
in Indonesia," today at 1:15 p.m.
in the basement rehearsal hall <d'
Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
Miss Rudiard.jo, who is the head
of (he division of information and
cultural exchange, Bureau of
Foreign Relations for the Repub
lic of Indonesia, will show a 30-
minute color film in illustration.
The program is presented by
Stanford's Archive of Recorded
Sound, a department of the Uni
versity libraries.
Miss Sukesi Budiardjo will pro
sent a lecture, "Music and Dance
in Indonesia," today at 1:15 p.m.
in the basement rehearsal hall <d'
Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
Miss Rudiard.jo, who is the head
of (he division of information and
cultural exchange, Bureau of
Foreign Relations for the Repub
lic of Indonesia, will show a 30-
minute color film in illustration.
The program is presented by
Stanford's Archive of Recorded
Sound, a department of the Uni
versity libraries.
Miss Sukesi Budiardjo will pro
sent a lecture, "Music and Dance
in Indonesia," today at 1:15 p.m.
in the basement rehearsal hall <d'
Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
Miss Rudiard.jo, who is the head
of (he division of information and
cultural exchange, Bureau of
Foreign Relations for the Repub
lic of Indonesia, will show a 30-
minute color film in illustration.
The program is presented by
Stanford's Archive of Recorded
Sound, a department of the Uni
versity libraries.
Miss Sukesi Budiardjo will pro
sent a lecture, "Music and Dance
in Indonesia," today at 1:15 p.m.
in the basement rehearsal hall <d'
Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
Miss Rudiard.jo, who is the head
of (he division of information and
cultural exchange, Bureau of
Foreign Relations for the Repub
lic of Indonesia, will show a 30-
minute color film in illustration.
The program is presented by
Stanford's Archive of Recorded
Sound, a department of the Uni
versity libraries.
Miss Sukesi Budiardjo will pro
sent a lecture, "Music and Dance
in Indonesia," today at 1:15 p.m.
in the basement rehearsal hall <d'
Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
Miss Rudiard.jo, who is the head
of (he division of information and
cultural exchange, Bureau of
Foreign Relations for the Repub
lic of Indonesia, will show a 30-
minute color film in illustration.
The program is presented by
Stanford's Archive of Recorded
Sound, a department of the Uni
versity libraries.
Miss Sukesi Budiardjo will pro
sent a lecture, "Music and Dance
in Indonesia," today at 1:15 p.m.
in the basement rehearsal hall <d'
Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
Miss Rudiard.jo, who is the head
of (he division of information and
cultural exchange, Bureau of
Foreign Relations for the Repub
lic of Indonesia, will show a 30-
minute color film in illustration.
The program is presented by
Stanford's Archive of Recorded
Sound, a department of the Uni
versity libraries.
Miss Sukesi Budiardjo will pro
sent a lecture, "Music and Dance
in Indonesia," today at 1:15 p.m.
in the basement rehearsal hall <d'
Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
Miss Rudiard.jo, who is the head
of (he division of information and
cultural exchange, Bureau of
Foreign Relations for the Repub
lic of Indonesia, will show a 30-
minute color film in illustration.
The program is presented by
Stanford's Archive of Recorded
Sound, a department of the Uni
versity libraries.
Miss Sukesi Budiardjo will pro
sent a lecture, "Music and Dance
in Indonesia," today at 1:15 p.m.
in the basement rehearsal hall <d'
Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
Miss Rudiard.jo, who is the head
of (he division of information and
cultural exchange, Bureau of
Foreign Relations for the Repub
lic of Indonesia, will show a 30-
minute color film in illustration.
The program is presented by
Stanford's Archive of Recorded
Sound, a department of the Uni
versity libraries.
Miss Sukesi Budiardjo will pro
sent a lecture, "Music and Dance
in Indonesia," today at 1:15 p.m.
in the basement rehearsal hall <d'
Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
Miss Rudiard.jo, who is the head
of (he division of information and
cultural exchange, Bureau of
Foreign Relations for the Repub
lic of Indonesia, will show a 30-
minute color film in illustration.
The program is presented by
Stanford's Archive of Recorded
Sound, a department of the Uni
versity libraries.
Miss Sukesi Budiardjo will pro
sent a lecture, "Music and Dance
in Indonesia," today at 1:15 p.m.
in the basement rehearsal hall <d'
Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
Miss Rudiard.jo, who is the head
of (he division of information and
cultural exchange, Bureau of
Foreign Relations for the Repub
lic of Indonesia, will show a 30-
minute color film in illustration.
The program is presented by
Stanford's Archive of Recorded
Sound, a department of the Uni
versity libraries.
Miss Sukesi Budiardjo will pro
sent a lecture, "Music and Dance
in Indonesia," today at 1:15 p.m.
in the basement rehearsal hall <d'
Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
Miss Rudiard.jo, who is the head
of (he division of information and
cultural exchange, Bureau of
Foreign Relations for the Repub
lic of Indonesia, will show a 30-
minute color film in illustration.
The program is presented by
Stanford's Archive of Recorded
Sound, a department of the Uni
versity libraries.
Miss Sukesi Budiardjo will pro
sent a lecture, "Music and Dance
in Indonesia," today at 1:15 p.m.
in the basement rehearsal hall <d'
Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
Miss Rudiard.jo, who is the head
of (he division of information and
cultural exchange, Bureau of
Foreign Relations for the Repub
lic of Indonesia, will show a 30-
minute color film in illustration.
The program is presented by
Stanford's Archive of Recorded
Sound, a department of the Uni
versity libraries.
Miss Sukesi Budiardjo will pro
sent a lecture, "Music and Dance
in Indonesia," today at 1:15 p.m.
in the basement rehearsal hall <d'
Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
Miss Rudiard.jo, who is the head
of (he division of information and
cultural exchange, Bureau of
Foreign Relations for the Repub
lic of Indonesia, will show a 30-
minute color film in illustration.
The program is presented by
Stanford's Archive of Recorded
Sound, a department of the Uni
versity libraries.
