# PRESIDENT JORDAN WRITES BOOK ABOUT MRS. STANFORD.
## 
### 
"The Story of a Good Woman,' is the
subject of a new book, which Presi
dent David Starr Jordan has recently
offered to the public, in which he
sketches the work of Mrs. .lane I/a th
ro p Stanford, one of the founders of
the University. It is a small book,
published by the American Unitarian
Association of Boston, and is now on
sale at the Stanford Bookstore for
seventy-five cents.
"The Story of a Good Woman,' is the
subject of a new book, which Presi
dent David Starr Jordan has recently
offered to the public, in which he
sketches the work of Mrs. .lane I/a th
ro p Stanford, one of the founders of
the University. It is a small book,
published by the American Unitarian
Association of Boston, and is now on
sale at the Stanford Bookstore for
seventy-five cents.
"The Story of a Good Woman,' is the
subject of a new book, which Presi
dent David Starr Jordan has recently
offered to the public, in which he
sketches the work of Mrs. .lane I/a th
ro p Stanford, one of the founders of
the University. It is a small book,
published by the American Unitarian
Association of Boston, and is now on
sale at the Stanford Bookstore for
seventy-five cents.
"The Story of a Good Woman,' is the
subject of a new book, which Presi
dent David Starr Jordan has recently
offered to the public, in which he
sketches the work of Mrs. .lane I/a th
ro p Stanford, one of the founders of
the University. It is a small book,
published by the American Unitarian
Association of Boston, and is now on
sale at the Stanford Bookstore for
seventy-five cents.
"The Story of a Good Woman,' is the
subject of a new book, which Presi
dent David Starr Jordan has recently
offered to the public, in which he
sketches the work of Mrs. .lane I/a th
ro p Stanford, one of the founders of
the University. It is a small book,
published by the American Unitarian
Association of Boston, and is now on
sale at the Stanford Bookstore for
seventy-five cents.
"The Story of a Good Woman,' is the
subject of a new book, which Presi
dent David Starr Jordan has recently
offered to the public, in which he
sketches the work of Mrs. .lane I/a th
ro p Stanford, one of the founders of
the University. It is a small book,
published by the American Unitarian
Association of Boston, and is now on
sale at the Stanford Bookstore for
seventy-five cents.
"The Story of a Good Woman,' is the
subject of a new book, which Presi
dent David Starr Jordan has recently
offered to the public, in which he
sketches the work of Mrs. .lane I/a th
ro p Stanford, one of the founders of
the University. It is a small book,
published by the American Unitarian
Association of Boston, and is now on
sale at the Stanford Bookstore for
seventy-five cents.
"The Story of a Good Woman,' is the
subject of a new book, which Presi
dent David Starr Jordan has recently
offered to the public, in which he
sketches the work of Mrs. .lane I/a th
ro p Stanford, one of the founders of
the University. It is a small book,
published by the American Unitarian
Association of Boston, and is now on
sale at the Stanford Bookstore for
seventy-five cents.
"The Story of a Good Woman,' is the
subject of a new book, which Presi
dent David Starr Jordan has recently
offered to the public, in which he
sketches the work of Mrs. .lane I/a th
ro p Stanford, one of the founders of
the University. It is a small book,
published by the American Unitarian
Association of Boston, and is now on
sale at the Stanford Bookstore for
seventy-five cents.
"The Story of a Good Woman,' is the
subject of a new book, which Presi
dent David Starr Jordan has recently
offered to the public, in which he
sketches the work of Mrs. .lane I/a th
ro p Stanford, one of the founders of
the University. It is a small book,
published by the American Unitarian
Association of Boston, and is now on
sale at the Stanford Bookstore for
seventy-five cents.
"The Story of a Good Woman,' is the
subject of a new book, which Presi
dent David Starr Jordan has recently
offered to the public, in which he
sketches the work of Mrs. .lane I/a th
ro p Stanford, one of the founders of
the University. It is a small book,
published by the American Unitarian
Association of Boston, and is now on
sale at the Stanford Bookstore for
seventy-five cents.
"The Story of a Good Woman,' is the
subject of a new book, which Presi
dent David Starr Jordan has recently
offered to the public, in which he
sketches the work of Mrs. .lane I/a th
ro p Stanford, one of the founders of
the University. It is a small book,
published by the American Unitarian
Association of Boston, and is now on
sale at the Stanford Bookstore for
seventy-five cents.
"The Story of a Good Woman,' is the
subject of a new book, which Presi
dent David Starr Jordan has recently
offered to the public, in which he
sketches the work of Mrs. .lane I/a th
ro p Stanford, one of the founders of
the University. It is a small book,
published by the American Unitarian
Association of Boston, and is now on
sale at the Stanford Bookstore for
seventy-five cents.
