# Sabine to Talk.
## 
### 
(1. 11. Sabine, assistant professor of
Philosophy, will address the Philoso
phy Club at its last meeting of the
semester, to be held in room 403,
Tuesday, at 4:30.
(1. 11. Sabine, assistant professor of
Philosophy, will address the Philoso
phy Club at its last meeting of the
semester, to be held in room 403,
Tuesday, at 4:30.
(1. 11. Sabine, assistant professor of
Philosophy, will address the Philoso
phy Club at its last meeting of the
semester, to be held in room 403,
Tuesday, at 4:30.
(1. 11. Sabine, assistant professor of
Philosophy, will address the Philoso
phy Club at its last meeting of the
semester, to be held in room 403,
Tuesday, at 4:30.
(1. 11. Sabine, assistant professor of
Philosophy, will address the Philoso
phy Club at its last meeting of the
semester, to be held in room 403,
Tuesday, at 4:30.
(1. 11. Sabine, assistant professor of
Philosophy, will address the Philoso
phy Club at its last meeting of the
semester, to be held in room 403,
Tuesday, at 4:30.
(1. 11. Sabine, assistant professor of
Philosophy, will address the Philoso
phy Club at its last meeting of the
semester, to be held in room 403,
Tuesday, at 4:30.
(1. 11. Sabine, assistant professor of
Philosophy, will address the Philoso
phy Club at its last meeting of the
semester, to be held in room 403,
Tuesday, at 4:30.
(1. 11. Sabine, assistant professor of
Philosophy, will address the Philoso
phy Club at its last meeting of the
semester, to be held in room 403,
Tuesday, at 4:30.
(1. 11. Sabine, assistant professor of
Philosophy, will address the Philoso
phy Club at its last meeting of the
semester, to be held in room 403,
Tuesday, at 4:30.
(1. 11. Sabine, assistant professor of
Philosophy, will address the Philoso
phy Club at its last meeting of the
semester, to be held in room 403,
Tuesday, at 4:30.
(1. 11. Sabine, assistant professor of
Philosophy, will address the Philoso
phy Club at its last meeting of the
semester, to be held in room 403,
Tuesday, at 4:30.
(1. 11. Sabine, assistant professor of
Philosophy, will address the Philoso
phy Club at its last meeting of the
semester, to be held in room 403,
Tuesday, at 4:30.
