# Bruins List JC Grid Transfers
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 12 (UP*
Linemen predominated a mÂ«ng
seven top junior college football
players listed today as having en
rolled at UOLA for the spring
semester.
The names of the transfer stu
dents released by head football
coach Henry I Red) Sanders are
Paul Oglesby, 220-pound tackle
from Riverside Junior College;
Bob King, 195, guard, Valley Jun
ior College; Lei? Dodson, IS."),
guard, New Mexico Military in
stitute; Dave Dahov, 210, guard,
Hast Los Angeles Junior College;
Bob Weeden, 215, center, Santa
Monica City College* Marvin Lus
ter, 185, back, Los Angeles City
College, antl Richard Johnson, IS >
back, East Los Angeles Junior
College.
Luster and Johnson are also
both track prospects.
