# Seals Regain Windhorn On Option From Bosox
## 
### 
Boston, Feb. 12 (UPi— The Bos
tun Red Sox today optioned pitch
er Gordon Windhorn to the San
Francisco Seals in the Pacific
Coast League.
Boston, Feb. 12 (UPi— The Bos
tun Red Sox today optioned pitch
er Gordon Windhorn to the San
Francisco Seals in the Pacific
Coast League.
Boston, Feb. 12 (UPi— The Bos
tun Red Sox today optioned pitch
er Gordon Windhorn to the San
Francisco Seals in the Pacific
Coast League.
Boston, Feb. 12 (UPi— The Bos
tun Red Sox today optioned pitch
er Gordon Windhorn to the San
Francisco Seals in the Pacific
Coast League.
Boston, Feb. 12 (UPi— The Bos
tun Red Sox today optioned pitch
er Gordon Windhorn to the San
Francisco Seals in the Pacific
Coast League.
Boston, Feb. 12 (UPi— The Bos
tun Red Sox today optioned pitch
er Gordon Windhorn to the San
Francisco Seals in the Pacific
Coast League.
Boston, Feb. 12 (UPi— The Bos
tun Red Sox today optioned pitch
er Gordon Windhorn to the San
Francisco Seals in the Pacific
Coast League.
Boston, Feb. 12 (UPi— The Bos
tun Red Sox today optioned pitch
er Gordon Windhorn to the San
Francisco Seals in the Pacific
Coast League.
Boston, Feb. 12 (UPi— The Bos
tun Red Sox today optioned pitch
er Gordon Windhorn to the San
Francisco Seals in the Pacific
Coast League.
Boston, Feb. 12 (UPi— The Bos
tun Red Sox today optioned pitch
er Gordon Windhorn to the San
Francisco Seals in the Pacific
Coast League.
Boston, Feb. 12 (UPi— The Bos
tun Red Sox today optioned pitch
er Gordon Windhorn to the San
Francisco Seals in the Pacific
Coast League.
Boston, Feb. 12 (UPi— The Bos
tun Red Sox today optioned pitch
er Gordon Windhorn to the San
Francisco Seals in the Pacific
Coast League.
Boston, Feb. 12 (UPi— The Bos
tun Red Sox today optioned pitch
er Gordon Windhorn to the San
Francisco Seals in the Pacific
Coast League.
Boston, Feb. 12 (UPi— The Bos
tun Red Sox today optioned pitch
er Gordon Windhorn to the San
Francisco Seals in the Pacific
Coast League.
Boston, Feb. 12 (UPi— The Bos
tun Red Sox today optioned pitch
er Gordon Windhorn to the San
Francisco Seals in the Pacific
Coast League.
Boston, Feb. 12 (UPi— The Bos
tun Red Sox today optioned pitch
er Gordon Windhorn to the San
Francisco Seals in the Pacific
Coast League.
