# PLEDGE PROM REFUNDS
## 
### 
All fraternities who have not yet
received their refunds from the
Pledge Prom tickets must do so by
noon today or no refund will be
made, according to Bill Barkan,
secretary-treasurer of the Interfra
ternity Council.
All fraternities who have not yet
received their refunds from the
Pledge Prom tickets must do so by
noon today or no refund will be
made, according to Bill Barkan,
secretary-treasurer of the Interfra
ternity Council.
All fraternities who have not yet
received their refunds from the
Pledge Prom tickets must do so by
noon today or no refund will be
made, according to Bill Barkan,
secretary-treasurer of the Interfra
ternity Council.
All fraternities who have not yet
received their refunds from the
Pledge Prom tickets must do so by
noon today or no refund will be
made, according to Bill Barkan,
secretary-treasurer of the Interfra
ternity Council.
All fraternities who have not yet
received their refunds from the
Pledge Prom tickets must do so by
noon today or no refund will be
made, according to Bill Barkan,
secretary-treasurer of the Interfra
ternity Council.
All fraternities who have not yet
received their refunds from the
Pledge Prom tickets must do so by
noon today or no refund will be
made, according to Bill Barkan,
secretary-treasurer of the Interfra
ternity Council.
All fraternities who have not yet
received their refunds from the
Pledge Prom tickets must do so by
noon today or no refund will be
made, according to Bill Barkan,
secretary-treasurer of the Interfra
ternity Council.
All fraternities who have not yet
received their refunds from the
Pledge Prom tickets must do so by
noon today or no refund will be
made, according to Bill Barkan,
secretary-treasurer of the Interfra
ternity Council.
All fraternities who have not yet
received their refunds from the
Pledge Prom tickets must do so by
noon today or no refund will be
made, according to Bill Barkan,
secretary-treasurer of the Interfra
ternity Council.
All fraternities who have not yet
received their refunds from the
Pledge Prom tickets must do so by
noon today or no refund will be
made, according to Bill Barkan,
secretary-treasurer of the Interfra
ternity Council.
All fraternities who have not yet
received their refunds from the
Pledge Prom tickets must do so by
noon today or no refund will be
made, according to Bill Barkan,
secretary-treasurer of the Interfra
ternity Council.
All fraternities who have not yet
received their refunds from the
Pledge Prom tickets must do so by
noon today or no refund will be
made, according to Bill Barkan,
secretary-treasurer of the Interfra
ternity Council.
All fraternities who have not yet
received their refunds from the
Pledge Prom tickets must do so by
noon today or no refund will be
made, according to Bill Barkan,
secretary-treasurer of the Interfra
ternity Council.
All fraternities who have not yet
received their refunds from the
Pledge Prom tickets must do so by
noon today or no refund will be
made, according to Bill Barkan,
secretary-treasurer of the Interfra
ternity Council.
All fraternities who have not yet
received their refunds from the
Pledge Prom tickets must do so by
noon today or no refund will be
made, according to Bill Barkan,
secretary-treasurer of the Interfra
ternity Council.
All fraternities who have not yet
received their refunds from the
Pledge Prom tickets must do so by
noon today or no refund will be
made, according to Bill Barkan,
secretary-treasurer of the Interfra
ternity Council.
