# Head Tells Proper Campus Address
## 
### 
Establishment of an independent
post office on the campus may mean
a delay of from one to two days in
receiving mail when it is addressed
to "Palo Alto" instead of to "Stan
ford University," Assistant Comp
troller E. S. Erwin said yesterday.
Mr. Erwin urged students and
faculty members to have corre
spondence addressed to Stanford
University, explaining that mail ad
dressed to "Palo Alto" is routed to
the city post office, which entails
stamping and rcshipping.
Establishment of an independent
post office on the campus may mean
a delay of from one to two days in
receiving mail when it is addressed
to "Palo Alto" instead of to "Stan
ford University," Assistant Comp
troller E. S. Erwin said yesterday.
Mr. Erwin urged students and
faculty members to have corre
spondence addressed to Stanford
University, explaining that mail ad
dressed to "Palo Alto" is routed to
the city post office, which entails
stamping and rcshipping.
Establishment of an independent
post office on the campus may mean
a delay of from one to two days in
receiving mail when it is addressed
to "Palo Alto" instead of to "Stan
ford University," Assistant Comp
troller E. S. Erwin said yesterday.
Mr. Erwin urged students and
faculty members to have corre
spondence addressed to Stanford
University, explaining that mail ad
dressed to "Palo Alto" is routed to
the city post office, which entails
stamping and rcshipping.
Establishment of an independent
post office on the campus may mean
a delay of from one to two days in
receiving mail when it is addressed
to "Palo Alto" instead of to "Stan
ford University," Assistant Comp
troller E. S. Erwin said yesterday.
Mr. Erwin urged students and
faculty members to have corre
spondence addressed to Stanford
University, explaining that mail ad
dressed to "Palo Alto" is routed to
the city post office, which entails
stamping and rcshipping.
Establishment of an independent
post office on the campus may mean
a delay of from one to two days in
receiving mail when it is addressed
to "Palo Alto" instead of to "Stan
ford University," Assistant Comp
troller E. S. Erwin said yesterday.
Mr. Erwin urged students and
faculty members to have corre
spondence addressed to Stanford
University, explaining that mail ad
dressed to "Palo Alto" is routed to
the city post office, which entails
stamping and rcshipping.
Establishment of an independent
post office on the campus may mean
a delay of from one to two days in
receiving mail when it is addressed
to "Palo Alto" instead of to "Stan
ford University," Assistant Comp
troller E. S. Erwin said yesterday.
Mr. Erwin urged students and
faculty members to have corre
spondence addressed to Stanford
University, explaining that mail ad
dressed to "Palo Alto" is routed to
the city post office, which entails
stamping and rcshipping.
Establishment of an independent
post office on the campus may mean
a delay of from one to two days in
receiving mail when it is addressed
to "Palo Alto" instead of to "Stan
ford University," Assistant Comp
troller E. S. Erwin said yesterday.
Mr. Erwin urged students and
faculty members to have corre
spondence addressed to Stanford
University, explaining that mail ad
dressed to "Palo Alto" is routed to
the city post office, which entails
stamping and rcshipping.
Establishment of an independent
post office on the campus may mean
a delay of from one to two days in
receiving mail when it is addressed
to "Palo Alto" instead of to "Stan
ford University," Assistant Comp
troller E. S. Erwin said yesterday.
Mr. Erwin urged students and
faculty members to have corre
spondence addressed to Stanford
University, explaining that mail ad
dressed to "Palo Alto" is routed to
the city post office, which entails
stamping and rcshipping.
Establishment of an independent
post office on the campus may mean
a delay of from one to two days in
receiving mail when it is addressed
to "Palo Alto" instead of to "Stan
ford University," Assistant Comp
troller E. S. Erwin said yesterday.
Mr. Erwin urged students and
faculty members to have corre
spondence addressed to Stanford
University, explaining that mail ad
dressed to "Palo Alto" is routed to
the city post office, which entails
stamping and rcshipping.
Establishment of an independent
post office on the campus may mean
a delay of from one to two days in
receiving mail when it is addressed
to "Palo Alto" instead of to "Stan
ford University," Assistant Comp
troller E. S. Erwin said yesterday.
Mr. Erwin urged students and
faculty members to have corre
spondence addressed to Stanford
University, explaining that mail ad
dressed to "Palo Alto" is routed to
the city post office, which entails
stamping and rcshipping.
Establishment of an independent
post office on the campus may mean
a delay of from one to two days in
receiving mail when it is addressed
to "Palo Alto" instead of to "Stan
ford University," Assistant Comp
troller E. S. Erwin said yesterday.
Mr. Erwin urged students and
faculty members to have corre
spondence addressed to Stanford
University, explaining that mail ad
dressed to "Palo Alto" is routed to
the city post office, which entails
stamping and rcshipping.
Establishment of an independent
post office on the campus may mean
a delay of from one to two days in
receiving mail when it is addressed
to "Palo Alto" instead of to "Stan
ford University," Assistant Comp
troller E. S. Erwin said yesterday.
Mr. Erwin urged students and
faculty members to have corre
spondence addressed to Stanford
University, explaining that mail ad
dressed to "Palo Alto" is routed to
the city post office, which entails
stamping and rcshipping.
Establishment of an independent
post office on the campus may mean
a delay of from one to two days in
receiving mail when it is addressed
to "Palo Alto" instead of to "Stan
ford University," Assistant Comp
troller E. S. Erwin said yesterday.
Mr. Erwin urged students and
faculty members to have corre
spondence addressed to Stanford
University, explaining that mail ad
dressed to "Palo Alto" is routed to
the city post office, which entails
stamping and rcshipping.
Establishment of an independent
post office on the campus may mean
a delay of from one to two days in
receiving mail when it is addressed
to "Palo Alto" instead of to "Stan
ford University," Assistant Comp
troller E. S. Erwin said yesterday.
Mr. Erwin urged students and
faculty members to have corre
spondence addressed to Stanford
University, explaining that mail ad
dressed to "Palo Alto" is routed to
the city post office, which entails
stamping and rcshipping.
Establishment of an independent
post office on the campus may mean
a delay of from one to two days in
receiving mail when it is addressed
to "Palo Alto" instead of to "Stan
ford University," Assistant Comp
troller E. S. Erwin said yesterday.
Mr. Erwin urged students and
faculty members to have corre
spondence addressed to Stanford
University, explaining that mail ad
dressed to "Palo Alto" is routed to
the city post office, which entails
stamping and rcshipping.
Establishment of an independent
post office on the campus may mean
a delay of from one to two days in
receiving mail when it is addressed
to "Palo Alto" instead of to "Stan
ford University," Assistant Comp
troller E. S. Erwin said yesterday.
Mr. Erwin urged students and
faculty members to have corre
spondence addressed to Stanford
University, explaining that mail ad
dressed to "Palo Alto" is routed to
the city post office, which entails
stamping and rcshipping.
