# Theta Chi Mothers To Meet Tuesday
## 
### 
Theta Chi Mother;?' Club will hold
its annual dessert bridge party at
the chapter house, 576 Alvarado
Row, Tuesday, Feb. 7, at 12:30
o'clock. Reservations can be made
by calling 4807.
A feature of the afternoon will be
Dolores Miller, 13-year-old-violin
ist. Door prizes will be given.
Theta Chi Mother;?' Club will hold
its annual dessert bridge party at
the chapter house, 576 Alvarado
Row, Tuesday, Feb. 7, at 12:30
o'clock. Reservations can be made
by calling 4807.
A feature of the afternoon will be
Dolores Miller, 13-year-old-violin
ist. Door prizes will be given.
Theta Chi Mother;?' Club will hold
its annual dessert bridge party at
the chapter house, 576 Alvarado
Row, Tuesday, Feb. 7, at 12:30
o'clock. Reservations can be made
by calling 4807.
A feature of the afternoon will be
Dolores Miller, 13-year-old-violin
ist. Door prizes will be given.
Theta Chi Mother;?' Club will hold
its annual dessert bridge party at
the chapter house, 576 Alvarado
Row, Tuesday, Feb. 7, at 12:30
o'clock. Reservations can be made
by calling 4807.
A feature of the afternoon will be
Dolores Miller, 13-year-old-violin
ist. Door prizes will be given.
Theta Chi Mother;?' Club will hold
its annual dessert bridge party at
the chapter house, 576 Alvarado
Row, Tuesday, Feb. 7, at 12:30
o'clock. Reservations can be made
by calling 4807.
A feature of the afternoon will be
Dolores Miller, 13-year-old-violin
ist. Door prizes will be given.
Theta Chi Mother;?' Club will hold
its annual dessert bridge party at
the chapter house, 576 Alvarado
Row, Tuesday, Feb. 7, at 12:30
o'clock. Reservations can be made
by calling 4807.
A feature of the afternoon will be
Dolores Miller, 13-year-old-violin
ist. Door prizes will be given.
Theta Chi Mother;?' Club will hold
its annual dessert bridge party at
the chapter house, 576 Alvarado
Row, Tuesday, Feb. 7, at 12:30
o'clock. Reservations can be made
by calling 4807.
A feature of the afternoon will be
Dolores Miller, 13-year-old-violin
ist. Door prizes will be given.
Theta Chi Mother;?' Club will hold
its annual dessert bridge party at
the chapter house, 576 Alvarado
Row, Tuesday, Feb. 7, at 12:30
o'clock. Reservations can be made
by calling 4807.
A feature of the afternoon will be
Dolores Miller, 13-year-old-violin
ist. Door prizes will be given.
Theta Chi Mother;?' Club will hold
its annual dessert bridge party at
the chapter house, 576 Alvarado
Row, Tuesday, Feb. 7, at 12:30
o'clock. Reservations can be made
by calling 4807.
A feature of the afternoon will be
Dolores Miller, 13-year-old-violin
ist. Door prizes will be given.
Theta Chi Mother;?' Club will hold
its annual dessert bridge party at
the chapter house, 576 Alvarado
Row, Tuesday, Feb. 7, at 12:30
o'clock. Reservations can be made
by calling 4807.
A feature of the afternoon will be
Dolores Miller, 13-year-old-violin
ist. Door prizes will be given.
Theta Chi Mother;?' Club will hold
its annual dessert bridge party at
the chapter house, 576 Alvarado
Row, Tuesday, Feb. 7, at 12:30
o'clock. Reservations can be made
by calling 4807.
A feature of the afternoon will be
Dolores Miller, 13-year-old-violin
ist. Door prizes will be given.
Theta Chi Mother;?' Club will hold
its annual dessert bridge party at
the chapter house, 576 Alvarado
Row, Tuesday, Feb. 7, at 12:30
o'clock. Reservations can be made
by calling 4807.
A feature of the afternoon will be
Dolores Miller, 13-year-old-violin
ist. Door prizes will be given.
Theta Chi Mother;?' Club will hold
its annual dessert bridge party at
the chapter house, 576 Alvarado
Row, Tuesday, Feb. 7, at 12:30
o'clock. Reservations can be made
by calling 4807.
A feature of the afternoon will be
Dolores Miller, 13-year-old-violin
ist. Door prizes will be given.
Theta Chi Mother;?' Club will hold
its annual dessert bridge party at
the chapter house, 576 Alvarado
Row, Tuesday, Feb. 7, at 12:30
o'clock. Reservations can be made
by calling 4807.
A feature of the afternoon will be
Dolores Miller, 13-year-old-violin
ist. Door prizes will be given.
Theta Chi Mother;?' Club will hold
its annual dessert bridge party at
the chapter house, 576 Alvarado
Row, Tuesday, Feb. 7, at 12:30
o'clock. Reservations can be made
by calling 4807.
A feature of the afternoon will be
Dolores Miller, 13-year-old-violin
ist. Door prizes will be given.
Theta Chi Mother;?' Club will hold
its annual dessert bridge party at
the chapter house, 576 Alvarado
Row, Tuesday, Feb. 7, at 12:30
o'clock. Reservations can be made
by calling 4807.
A feature of the afternoon will be
Dolores Miller, 13-year-old-violin
ist. Door prizes will be given.
