# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The University of Southern Califor
nia will open its summer session June
24. It will last six weeks and will
close August 3.
The University of Southern Califor
nia will open its summer session June
24. It will last six weeks and will
close August 3.
The University of Southern Califor
nia will open its summer session June
24. It will last six weeks and will
close August 3.
The University of Southern Califor
nia will open its summer session June
24. It will last six weeks and will
close August 3.
The University of Southern Califor
nia will open its summer session June
24. It will last six weeks and will
close August 3.
The University of Southern Califor
nia will open its summer session June
24. It will last six weeks and will
close August 3.
The University of Southern Califor
nia will open its summer session June
24. It will last six weeks and will
close August 3.
The University of Southern Califor
nia will open its summer session June
24. It will last six weeks and will
close August 3.
The University of Southern Califor
nia will open its summer session June
24. It will last six weeks and will
close August 3.
The University of Southern Califor
nia will open its summer session June
24. It will last six weeks and will
close August 3.
The University of Southern Califor
nia will open its summer session June
24. It will last six weeks and will
close August 3.
The University of Southern Califor
nia will open its summer session June
24. It will last six weeks and will
close August 3.
The University of Southern Califor
nia will open its summer session June
24. It will last six weeks and will
close August 3.
The University of Southern Califor
nia will open its summer session June
24. It will last six weeks and will
close August 3.
The University of Southern Califor
nia will open its summer session June
24. It will last six weeks and will
close August 3.
