# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Illustrated American of New
York has asked for an exchange with
the Daily Palo Alto, so that its
news of Stanford University "may he
verified." Numerous papers in this
State could doubtless add to the ac
curacy of their statements hy fol
lowing the Illustrated American's
example."
The Illustrated American of New
York has asked for an exchange with
the Daily Palo Alto, so that its
news of Stanford University "may he
verified." Numerous papers in this
State could doubtless add to the ac
curacy of their statements hy fol
lowing the Illustrated American's
example."
The Illustrated American of New
York has asked for an exchange with
the Daily Palo Alto, so that its
news of Stanford University "may he
verified." Numerous papers in this
State could doubtless add to the ac
curacy of their statements hy fol
lowing the Illustrated American's
example."
The Illustrated American of New
York has asked for an exchange with
the Daily Palo Alto, so that its
news of Stanford University "may he
verified." Numerous papers in this
State could doubtless add to the ac
curacy of their statements hy fol
lowing the Illustrated American's
example."
The Illustrated American of New
York has asked for an exchange with
the Daily Palo Alto, so that its
news of Stanford University "may he
verified." Numerous papers in this
State could doubtless add to the ac
curacy of their statements hy fol
lowing the Illustrated American's
example."
