# Shrine Game Sold Out
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. If) (UP).
—William M. Coffman, managing di
rector of the East-West Shrine game
announced tonight that for the first
time in 22 years all seats to the an
nual grid classic had been sold in
advance.
CofTman said that all 65,000 seats
were gone through advance sale by
mail.
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. If) (UP).
—William M. Coffman, managing di
rector of the East-West Shrine game
announced tonight that for the first
time in 22 years all seats to the an
nual grid classic had been sold in
advance.
CofTman said that all 65,000 seats
were gone through advance sale by
mail.
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. If) (UP).
—William M. Coffman, managing di
rector of the East-West Shrine game
announced tonight that for the first
time in 22 years all seats to the an
nual grid classic had been sold in
advance.
CofTman said that all 65,000 seats
were gone through advance sale by
mail.
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. If) (UP).
—William M. Coffman, managing di
rector of the East-West Shrine game
announced tonight that for the first
time in 22 years all seats to the an
nual grid classic had been sold in
advance.
CofTman said that all 65,000 seats
were gone through advance sale by
mail.
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. If) (UP).
—William M. Coffman, managing di
rector of the East-West Shrine game
announced tonight that for the first
time in 22 years all seats to the an
nual grid classic had been sold in
advance.
CofTman said that all 65,000 seats
were gone through advance sale by
mail.
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. If) (UP).
—William M. Coffman, managing di
rector of the East-West Shrine game
announced tonight that for the first
time in 22 years all seats to the an
nual grid classic had been sold in
advance.
CofTman said that all 65,000 seats
were gone through advance sale by
mail.
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. If) (UP).
—William M. Coffman, managing di
rector of the East-West Shrine game
announced tonight that for the first
time in 22 years all seats to the an
nual grid classic had been sold in
advance.
CofTman said that all 65,000 seats
were gone through advance sale by
mail.
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. If) (UP).
—William M. Coffman, managing di
rector of the East-West Shrine game
announced tonight that for the first
time in 22 years all seats to the an
nual grid classic had been sold in
advance.
CofTman said that all 65,000 seats
were gone through advance sale by
mail.
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. If) (UP).
—William M. Coffman, managing di
rector of the East-West Shrine game
announced tonight that for the first
time in 22 years all seats to the an
nual grid classic had been sold in
advance.
CofTman said that all 65,000 seats
were gone through advance sale by
mail.
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. If) (UP).
—William M. Coffman, managing di
rector of the East-West Shrine game
announced tonight that for the first
time in 22 years all seats to the an
nual grid classic had been sold in
advance.
CofTman said that all 65,000 seats
were gone through advance sale by
mail.
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. If) (UP).
—William M. Coffman, managing di
rector of the East-West Shrine game
announced tonight that for the first
time in 22 years all seats to the an
nual grid classic had been sold in
advance.
CofTman said that all 65,000 seats
were gone through advance sale by
mail.
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. If) (UP).
—William M. Coffman, managing di
rector of the East-West Shrine game
announced tonight that for the first
time in 22 years all seats to the an
nual grid classic had been sold in
advance.
CofTman said that all 65,000 seats
were gone through advance sale by
mail.
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. If) (UP).
—William M. Coffman, managing di
rector of the East-West Shrine game
announced tonight that for the first
time in 22 years all seats to the an
nual grid classic had been sold in
advance.
CofTman said that all 65,000 seats
were gone through advance sale by
mail.
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. If) (UP).
—William M. Coffman, managing di
rector of the East-West Shrine game
announced tonight that for the first
time in 22 years all seats to the an
nual grid classic had been sold in
advance.
CofTman said that all 65,000 seats
were gone through advance sale by
mail.
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. If) (UP).
—William M. Coffman, managing di
rector of the East-West Shrine game
announced tonight that for the first
time in 22 years all seats to the an
nual grid classic had been sold in
advance.
CofTman said that all 65,000 seats
were gone through advance sale by
mail.
