# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Football team members com
mented last night on the recent
violations of the "no invasion"
pact by both Cal and Stanford.
LLOYD MERRIMAN, starting
fullback: 'We should definitely
observe that pact. Cal is pretty
hard to convince but I think that
Stanford students should stand by
the agreement."
G E O R G E Q L 1 ST, probable
starting right halfback: ' 1 think
the team itself is unconcerned
about the 'invasions.' It really
doesn't matter. Ail the spirit of
rivalry comes out at the Big
Game and the climax, the award
ing of the Axe."
FRED BOENSCH, starting left
tackle: "I remember when Stamm,
signed the agreement, and I
thought it was a good idea at the
time. It's too bad we can't live
up to it."
Football team members com
mented last night on the recent
violations of the "no invasion"
pact by both Cal and Stanford.
LLOYD MERRIMAN, starting
fullback: 'We should definitely
observe that pact. Cal is pretty
hard to convince but I think that
Stanford students should stand by
the agreement."
G E O R G E Q L 1 ST, probable
starting right halfback: ' 1 think
the team itself is unconcerned
about the 'invasions.' It really
doesn't matter. Ail the spirit of
rivalry comes out at the Big
Game and the climax, the award
ing of the Axe."
FRED BOENSCH, starting left
tackle: "I remember when Stamm,
signed the agreement, and I
thought it was a good idea at the
time. It's too bad we can't live
up to it."
Football team members com
mented last night on the recent
violations of the "no invasion"
pact by both Cal and Stanford.
LLOYD MERRIMAN, starting
fullback: 'We should definitely
observe that pact. Cal is pretty
hard to convince but I think that
Stanford students should stand by
the agreement."
G E O R G E Q L 1 ST, probable
starting right halfback: ' 1 think
the team itself is unconcerned
about the 'invasions.' It really
doesn't matter. Ail the spirit of
rivalry comes out at the Big
Game and the climax, the award
ing of the Axe."
FRED BOENSCH, starting left
tackle: "I remember when Stamm,
signed the agreement, and I
thought it was a good idea at the
time. It's too bad we can't live
up to it."
Football team members com
mented last night on the recent
violations of the "no invasion"
pact by both Cal and Stanford.
LLOYD MERRIMAN, starting
fullback: 'We should definitely
observe that pact. Cal is pretty
hard to convince but I think that
Stanford students should stand by
the agreement."
G E O R G E Q L 1 ST, probable
starting right halfback: ' 1 think
the team itself is unconcerned
about the 'invasions.' It really
doesn't matter. Ail the spirit of
rivalry comes out at the Big
Game and the climax, the award
ing of the Axe."
FRED BOENSCH, starting left
tackle: "I remember when Stamm,
signed the agreement, and I
thought it was a good idea at the
time. It's too bad we can't live
up to it."
Football team members com
mented last night on the recent
violations of the "no invasion"
pact by both Cal and Stanford.
LLOYD MERRIMAN, starting
fullback: 'We should definitely
observe that pact. Cal is pretty
hard to convince but I think that
Stanford students should stand by
the agreement."
G E O R G E Q L 1 ST, probable
starting right halfback: ' 1 think
the team itself is unconcerned
about the 'invasions.' It really
doesn't matter. Ail the spirit of
rivalry comes out at the Big
Game and the climax, the award
ing of the Axe."
FRED BOENSCH, starting left
tackle: "I remember when Stamm,
signed the agreement, and I
thought it was a good idea at the
time. It's too bad we can't live
up to it."
Football team members com
mented last night on the recent
violations of the "no invasion"
pact by both Cal and Stanford.
LLOYD MERRIMAN, starting
fullback: 'We should definitely
observe that pact. Cal is pretty
hard to convince but I think that
Stanford students should stand by
the agreement."
G E O R G E Q L 1 ST, probable
starting right halfback: ' 1 think
the team itself is unconcerned
about the 'invasions.' It really
doesn't matter. Ail the spirit of
rivalry comes out at the Big
Game and the climax, the award
ing of the Axe."
FRED BOENSCH, starting left
tackle: "I remember when Stamm,
signed the agreement, and I
thought it was a good idea at the
time. It's too bad we can't live
up to it."
Football team members com
mented last night on the recent
violations of the "no invasion"
pact by both Cal and Stanford.
LLOYD MERRIMAN, starting
fullback: 'We should definitely
observe that pact. Cal is pretty
hard to convince but I think that
Stanford students should stand by
the agreement."
G E O R G E Q L 1 ST, probable
starting right halfback: ' 1 think
the team itself is unconcerned
about the 'invasions.' It really
doesn't matter. Ail the spirit of
rivalry comes out at the Big
Game and the climax, the award
ing of the Axe."
FRED BOENSCH, starting left
tackle: "I remember when Stamm,
signed the agreement, and I
thought it was a good idea at the
time. It's too bad we can't live
up to it."
Football team members com
mented last night on the recent
violations of the "no invasion"
pact by both Cal and Stanford.
LLOYD MERRIMAN, starting
fullback: 'We should definitely
observe that pact. Cal is pretty
hard to convince but I think that
Stanford students should stand by
the agreement."
G E O R G E Q L 1 ST, probable
starting right halfback: ' 1 think
the team itself is unconcerned
about the 'invasions.' It really
doesn't matter. Ail the spirit of
rivalry comes out at the Big
Game and the climax, the award
ing of the Axe."
FRED BOENSCH, starting left
tackle: "I remember when Stamm,
signed the agreement, and I
thought it was a good idea at the
time. It's too bad we can't live
up to it."
Football team members com
mented last night on the recent
violations of the "no invasion"
pact by both Cal and Stanford.
LLOYD MERRIMAN, starting
fullback: 'We should definitely
observe that pact. Cal is pretty
hard to convince but I think that
Stanford students should stand by
the agreement."
G E O R G E Q L 1 ST, probable
starting right halfback: ' 1 think
the team itself is unconcerned
about the 'invasions.' It really
doesn't matter. Ail the spirit of
rivalry comes out at the Big
Game and the climax, the award
ing of the Axe."
FRED BOENSCH, starting left
tackle: "I remember when Stamm,
signed the agreement, and I
thought it was a good idea at the
time. It's too bad we can't live
up to it."
Football team members com
mented last night on the recent
violations of the "no invasion"
pact by both Cal and Stanford.
LLOYD MERRIMAN, starting
fullback: 'We should definitely
observe that pact. Cal is pretty
hard to convince but I think that
Stanford students should stand by
the agreement."
G E O R G E Q L 1 ST, probable
starting right halfback: ' 1 think
the team itself is unconcerned
about the 'invasions.' It really
doesn't matter. Ail the spirit of
rivalry comes out at the Big
Game and the climax, the award
ing of the Axe."
FRED BOENSCH, starting left
tackle: "I remember when Stamm,
signed the agreement, and I
thought it was a good idea at the
time. It's too bad we can't live
up to it."
Football team members com
mented last night on the recent
violations of the "no invasion"
pact by both Cal and Stanford.
LLOYD MERRIMAN, starting
fullback: 'We should definitely
observe that pact. Cal is pretty
hard to convince but I think that
Stanford students should stand by
the agreement."
G E O R G E Q L 1 ST, probable
starting right halfback: ' 1 think
the team itself is unconcerned
about the 'invasions.' It really
doesn't matter. Ail the spirit of
rivalry comes out at the Big
Game and the climax, the award
ing of the Axe."
FRED BOENSCH, starting left
tackle: "I remember when Stamm,
signed the agreement, and I
thought it was a good idea at the
time. It's too bad we can't live
up to it."
Football team members com
mented last night on the recent
violations of the "no invasion"
pact by both Cal and Stanford.
LLOYD MERRIMAN, starting
fullback: 'We should definitely
observe that pact. Cal is pretty
hard to convince but I think that
Stanford students should stand by
the agreement."
G E O R G E Q L 1 ST, probable
starting right halfback: ' 1 think
the team itself is unconcerned
about the 'invasions.' It really
doesn't matter. Ail the spirit of
rivalry comes out at the Big
Game and the climax, the award
ing of the Axe."
FRED BOENSCH, starting left
tackle: "I remember when Stamm,
signed the agreement, and I
thought it was a good idea at the
time. It's too bad we can't live
up to it."
Football team members com
mented last night on the recent
violations of the "no invasion"
pact by both Cal and Stanford.
LLOYD MERRIMAN, starting
fullback: 'We should definitely
observe that pact. Cal is pretty
hard to convince but I think that
Stanford students should stand by
the agreement."
G E O R G E Q L 1 ST, probable
starting right halfback: ' 1 think
the team itself is unconcerned
about the 'invasions.' It really
doesn't matter. Ail the spirit of
rivalry comes out at the Big
Game and the climax, the award
ing of the Axe."
FRED BOENSCH, starting left
tackle: "I remember when Stamm,
signed the agreement, and I
thought it was a good idea at the
time. It's too bad we can't live
up to it."
Football team members com
mented last night on the recent
violations of the "no invasion"
pact by both Cal and Stanford.
LLOYD MERRIMAN, starting
fullback: 'We should definitely
observe that pact. Cal is pretty
hard to convince but I think that
Stanford students should stand by
the agreement."
G E O R G E Q L 1 ST, probable
starting right halfback: ' 1 think
the team itself is unconcerned
about the 'invasions.' It really
doesn't matter. Ail the spirit of
rivalry comes out at the Big
Game and the climax, the award
ing of the Axe."
FRED BOENSCH, starting left
tackle: "I remember when Stamm,
signed the agreement, and I
thought it was a good idea at the
time. It's too bad we can't live
up to it."
Football team members com
mented last night on the recent
violations of the "no invasion"
pact by both Cal and Stanford.
LLOYD MERRIMAN, starting
fullback: 'We should definitely
observe that pact. Cal is pretty
hard to convince but I think that
Stanford students should stand by
the agreement."
G E O R G E Q L 1 ST, probable
starting right halfback: ' 1 think
the team itself is unconcerned
about the 'invasions.' It really
doesn't matter. Ail the spirit of
rivalry comes out at the Big
Game and the climax, the award
ing of the Axe."
FRED BOENSCH, starting left
tackle: "I remember when Stamm,
signed the agreement, and I
thought it was a good idea at the
time. It's too bad we can't live
up to it."
