# Passing Plunger
## 
### 

Ray Todd, one of the Stanford
mainstays in last year's Big Game,
has been proving himself a worthy
substitute for Grayson at the lull
back position, and will probably
see most of the action tomorrow in
that position.

Ray Todd, one of the Stanford
mainstays in last year's Big Game,
has been proving himself a worthy
substitute for Grayson at the lull
back position, and will probably
see most of the action tomorrow in
that position.

Ray Todd, one of the Stanford
mainstays in last year's Big Game,
has been proving himself a worthy
substitute for Grayson at the lull
back position, and will probably
see most of the action tomorrow in
that position.

Ray Todd, one of the Stanford
mainstays in last year's Big Game,
has been proving himself a worthy
substitute for Grayson at the lull
back position, and will probably
see most of the action tomorrow in
that position.

Ray Todd, one of the Stanford
mainstays in last year's Big Game,
has been proving himself a worthy
substitute for Grayson at the lull
back position, and will probably
see most of the action tomorrow in
that position.

Ray Todd, one of the Stanford
mainstays in last year's Big Game,
has been proving himself a worthy
substitute for Grayson at the lull
back position, and will probably
see most of the action tomorrow in
that position.

Ray Todd, one of the Stanford
mainstays in last year's Big Game,
has been proving himself a worthy
substitute for Grayson at the lull
back position, and will probably
see most of the action tomorrow in
that position.

Ray Todd, one of the Stanford
mainstays in last year's Big Game,
has been proving himself a worthy
substitute for Grayson at the lull
back position, and will probably
see most of the action tomorrow in
that position.

Ray Todd, one of the Stanford
mainstays in last year's Big Game,
has been proving himself a worthy
substitute for Grayson at the lull
back position, and will probably
see most of the action tomorrow in
that position.

Ray Todd, one of the Stanford
mainstays in last year's Big Game,
has been proving himself a worthy
substitute for Grayson at the lull
back position, and will probably
see most of the action tomorrow in
that position.

Ray Todd, one of the Stanford
mainstays in last year's Big Game,
has been proving himself a worthy
substitute for Grayson at the lull
back position, and will probably
see most of the action tomorrow in
that position.

Ray Todd, one of the Stanford
mainstays in last year's Big Game,
has been proving himself a worthy
substitute for Grayson at the lull
back position, and will probably
see most of the action tomorrow in
that position.

Ray Todd, one of the Stanford
mainstays in last year's Big Game,
has been proving himself a worthy
substitute for Grayson at the lull
back position, and will probably
see most of the action tomorrow in
that position.

Ray Todd, one of the Stanford
mainstays in last year's Big Game,
has been proving himself a worthy
substitute for Grayson at the lull
back position, and will probably
see most of the action tomorrow in
that position.

Ray Todd, one of the Stanford
mainstays in last year's Big Game,
has been proving himself a worthy
substitute for Grayson at the lull
back position, and will probably
see most of the action tomorrow in
that position.
