# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The debating championship of the
West was added to the forensic lau-
rels which the University of California
debating squad now holds when Cali-
fornia won from the University of
Wyoming. '

Wild horses in the vicinity of Bend,
Ore., have increased so rapidly that
they are becoming a nuisance. Ex
tremely low prices for horses resulted
in the ranchers turning them out into
the mountains to shift for themselves.
The debating championship of the
West was added to the forensic lau-
rels which the University of California
debating squad now holds when Cali-
fornia won from the University of
Wyoming. '

Wild horses in the vicinity of Bend,
Ore., have increased so rapidly that
they are becoming a nuisance. Ex
tremely low prices for horses resulted
in the ranchers turning them out into
the mountains to shift for themselves.
The debating championship of the
West was added to the forensic lau-
rels which the University of California
debating squad now holds when Cali-
fornia won from the University of
Wyoming. '

Wild horses in the vicinity of Bend,
Ore., have increased so rapidly that
they are becoming a nuisance. Ex
tremely low prices for horses resulted
in the ranchers turning them out into
the mountains to shift for themselves.
The debating championship of the
West was added to the forensic lau-
rels which the University of California
debating squad now holds when Cali-
fornia won from the University of
Wyoming. '

Wild horses in the vicinity of Bend,
Ore., have increased so rapidly that
they are becoming a nuisance. Ex
tremely low prices for horses resulted
in the ranchers turning them out into
the mountains to shift for themselves.
The debating championship of the
West was added to the forensic lau-
rels which the University of California
debating squad now holds when Cali-
fornia won from the University of
Wyoming. '

Wild horses in the vicinity of Bend,
Ore., have increased so rapidly that
they are becoming a nuisance. Ex
tremely low prices for horses resulted
in the ranchers turning them out into
the mountains to shift for themselves.
The debating championship of the
West was added to the forensic lau-
rels which the University of California
debating squad now holds when Cali-
fornia won from the University of
Wyoming. '

Wild horses in the vicinity of Bend,
Ore., have increased so rapidly that
they are becoming a nuisance. Ex
tremely low prices for horses resulted
in the ranchers turning them out into
the mountains to shift for themselves.
The debating championship of the
West was added to the forensic lau-
rels which the University of California
debating squad now holds when Cali-
fornia won from the University of
Wyoming. '

Wild horses in the vicinity of Bend,
Ore., have increased so rapidly that
they are becoming a nuisance. Ex
tremely low prices for horses resulted
in the ranchers turning them out into
the mountains to shift for themselves.
The debating championship of the
West was added to the forensic lau-
rels which the University of California
debating squad now holds when Cali-
fornia won from the University of
Wyoming. '

Wild horses in the vicinity of Bend,
Ore., have increased so rapidly that
they are becoming a nuisance. Ex
tremely low prices for horses resulted
in the ranchers turning them out into
the mountains to shift for themselves.
The debating championship of the
West was added to the forensic lau-
rels which the University of California
debating squad now holds when Cali-
fornia won from the University of
Wyoming. '

Wild horses in the vicinity of Bend,
Ore., have increased so rapidly that
they are becoming a nuisance. Ex
tremely low prices for horses resulted
in the ranchers turning them out into
the mountains to shift for themselves.
The debating championship of the
West was added to the forensic lau-
rels which the University of California
debating squad now holds when Cali-
fornia won from the University of
Wyoming. '

Wild horses in the vicinity of Bend,
Ore., have increased so rapidly that
they are becoming a nuisance. Ex
tremely low prices for horses resulted
in the ranchers turning them out into
the mountains to shift for themselves.
The debating championship of the
West was added to the forensic lau-
rels which the University of California
debating squad now holds when Cali-
fornia won from the University of
Wyoming. '

Wild horses in the vicinity of Bend,
Ore., have increased so rapidly that
they are becoming a nuisance. Ex
tremely low prices for horses resulted
in the ranchers turning them out into
the mountains to shift for themselves.
The debating championship of the
West was added to the forensic lau-
rels which the University of California
debating squad now holds when Cali-
fornia won from the University of
Wyoming. '

Wild horses in the vicinity of Bend,
Ore., have increased so rapidly that
they are becoming a nuisance. Ex
tremely low prices for horses resulted
in the ranchers turning them out into
the mountains to shift for themselves.
The debating championship of the
West was added to the forensic lau-
rels which the University of California
debating squad now holds when Cali-
fornia won from the University of
Wyoming. '

Wild horses in the vicinity of Bend,
Ore., have increased so rapidly that
they are becoming a nuisance. Ex
tremely low prices for horses resulted
in the ranchers turning them out into
the mountains to shift for themselves.
The debating championship of the
West was added to the forensic lau-
rels which the University of California
debating squad now holds when Cali-
fornia won from the University of
Wyoming. '

Wild horses in the vicinity of Bend,
Ore., have increased so rapidly that
they are becoming a nuisance. Ex
tremely low prices for horses resulted
in the ranchers turning them out into
the mountains to shift for themselves.
The debating championship of the
West was added to the forensic lau-
rels which the University of California
debating squad now holds when Cali-
fornia won from the University of
Wyoming. '

Wild horses in the vicinity of Bend,
Ore., have increased so rapidly that
they are becoming a nuisance. Ex
tremely low prices for horses resulted
in the ranchers turning them out into
the mountains to shift for themselves.
