# Reds Stamp Out Nazi Resistance
## 
### 
LONDON, March 31 (UP).—Tank
led and plane-supported Russian in
fantry closing a pincers on Vyazma
from north and south have stamped
out strong German resistance and
moved in close to the threatened
enemy base 130 miles west of Mos
cow, the Soviet radio reported to
night.
Moscow broadcasts said Russian
parachutists taking part in the syn
chronized drive on Vyazma had
floated down behind the German
lines, captured strategic positions
and held them against powerful
counter-attacks.
LONDON, March 31 (UP).—Tank
led and plane-supported Russian in
fantry closing a pincers on Vyazma
from north and south have stamped
out strong German resistance and
moved in close to the threatened
enemy base 130 miles west of Mos
cow, the Soviet radio reported to
night.
Moscow broadcasts said Russian
parachutists taking part in the syn
chronized drive on Vyazma had
floated down behind the German
lines, captured strategic positions
and held them against powerful
counter-attacks.
LONDON, March 31 (UP).—Tank
led and plane-supported Russian in
fantry closing a pincers on Vyazma
from north and south have stamped
out strong German resistance and
moved in close to the threatened
enemy base 130 miles west of Mos
cow, the Soviet radio reported to
night.
Moscow broadcasts said Russian
parachutists taking part in the syn
chronized drive on Vyazma had
floated down behind the German
lines, captured strategic positions
and held them against powerful
counter-attacks.
LONDON, March 31 (UP).—Tank
led and plane-supported Russian in
fantry closing a pincers on Vyazma
from north and south have stamped
out strong German resistance and
moved in close to the threatened
enemy base 130 miles west of Mos
cow, the Soviet radio reported to
night.
Moscow broadcasts said Russian
parachutists taking part in the syn
chronized drive on Vyazma had
floated down behind the German
lines, captured strategic positions
and held them against powerful
counter-attacks.
LONDON, March 31 (UP).—Tank
led and plane-supported Russian in
fantry closing a pincers on Vyazma
from north and south have stamped
out strong German resistance and
moved in close to the threatened
enemy base 130 miles west of Mos
cow, the Soviet radio reported to
night.
Moscow broadcasts said Russian
parachutists taking part in the syn
chronized drive on Vyazma had
floated down behind the German
lines, captured strategic positions
and held them against powerful
counter-attacks.
LONDON, March 31 (UP).—Tank
led and plane-supported Russian in
fantry closing a pincers on Vyazma
from north and south have stamped
out strong German resistance and
moved in close to the threatened
enemy base 130 miles west of Mos
cow, the Soviet radio reported to
night.
Moscow broadcasts said Russian
parachutists taking part in the syn
chronized drive on Vyazma had
floated down behind the German
lines, captured strategic positions
and held them against powerful
counter-attacks.
LONDON, March 31 (UP).—Tank
led and plane-supported Russian in
fantry closing a pincers on Vyazma
from north and south have stamped
out strong German resistance and
moved in close to the threatened
enemy base 130 miles west of Mos
cow, the Soviet radio reported to
night.
Moscow broadcasts said Russian
parachutists taking part in the syn
chronized drive on Vyazma had
floated down behind the German
lines, captured strategic positions
and held them against powerful
counter-attacks.
LONDON, March 31 (UP).—Tank
led and plane-supported Russian in
fantry closing a pincers on Vyazma
from north and south have stamped
out strong German resistance and
moved in close to the threatened
enemy base 130 miles west of Mos
cow, the Soviet radio reported to
night.
Moscow broadcasts said Russian
parachutists taking part in the syn
chronized drive on Vyazma had
floated down behind the German
lines, captured strategic positions
and held them against powerful
counter-attacks.
LONDON, March 31 (UP).—Tank
led and plane-supported Russian in
fantry closing a pincers on Vyazma
from north and south have stamped
out strong German resistance and
moved in close to the threatened
enemy base 130 miles west of Mos
cow, the Soviet radio reported to
night.
Moscow broadcasts said Russian
parachutists taking part in the syn
chronized drive on Vyazma had
floated down behind the German
lines, captured strategic positions
and held them against powerful
counter-attacks.
LONDON, March 31 (UP).—Tank
led and plane-supported Russian in
fantry closing a pincers on Vyazma
from north and south have stamped
out strong German resistance and
moved in close to the threatened
enemy base 130 miles west of Mos
cow, the Soviet radio reported to
night.
Moscow broadcasts said Russian
parachutists taking part in the syn
chronized drive on Vyazma had
floated down behind the German
lines, captured strategic positions
and held them against powerful
counter-attacks.
LONDON, March 31 (UP).—Tank
led and plane-supported Russian in
fantry closing a pincers on Vyazma
from north and south have stamped
out strong German resistance and
moved in close to the threatened
enemy base 130 miles west of Mos
cow, the Soviet radio reported to
night.
Moscow broadcasts said Russian
parachutists taking part in the syn
chronized drive on Vyazma had
floated down behind the German
lines, captured strategic positions
and held them against powerful
counter-attacks.
LONDON, March 31 (UP).—Tank
led and plane-supported Russian in
fantry closing a pincers on Vyazma
from north and south have stamped
out strong German resistance and
moved in close to the threatened
enemy base 130 miles west of Mos
cow, the Soviet radio reported to
night.
Moscow broadcasts said Russian
parachutists taking part in the syn
chronized drive on Vyazma had
floated down behind the German
lines, captured strategic positions
and held them against powerful
counter-attacks.
LONDON, March 31 (UP).—Tank
led and plane-supported Russian in
fantry closing a pincers on Vyazma
from north and south have stamped
out strong German resistance and
moved in close to the threatened
enemy base 130 miles west of Mos
cow, the Soviet radio reported to
night.
Moscow broadcasts said Russian
parachutists taking part in the syn
chronized drive on Vyazma had
floated down behind the German
lines, captured strategic positions
and held them against powerful
counter-attacks.
LONDON, March 31 (UP).—Tank
led and plane-supported Russian in
fantry closing a pincers on Vyazma
from north and south have stamped
out strong German resistance and
moved in close to the threatened
enemy base 130 miles west of Mos
cow, the Soviet radio reported to
night.
Moscow broadcasts said Russian
parachutists taking part in the syn
chronized drive on Vyazma had
floated down behind the German
lines, captured strategic positions
and held them against powerful
counter-attacks.
LONDON, March 31 (UP).—Tank
led and plane-supported Russian in
fantry closing a pincers on Vyazma
from north and south have stamped
out strong German resistance and
moved in close to the threatened
enemy base 130 miles west of Mos
cow, the Soviet radio reported to
night.
Moscow broadcasts said Russian
parachutists taking part in the syn
chronized drive on Vyazma had
floated down behind the German
lines, captured strategic positions
and held them against powerful
counter-attacks.
LONDON, March 31 (UP).—Tank
led and plane-supported Russian in
fantry closing a pincers on Vyazma
from north and south have stamped
out strong German resistance and
moved in close to the threatened
enemy base 130 miles west of Mos
cow, the Soviet radio reported to
night.
Moscow broadcasts said Russian
parachutists taking part in the syn
chronized drive on Vyazma had
floated down behind the German
lines, captured strategic positions
and held them against powerful
counter-attacks.
LONDON, March 31 (UP).—Tank
led and plane-supported Russian in
fantry closing a pincers on Vyazma
from north and south have stamped
out strong German resistance and
moved in close to the threatened
enemy base 130 miles west of Mos
cow, the Soviet radio reported to
night.
Moscow broadcasts said Russian
parachutists taking part in the syn
chronized drive on Vyazma had
floated down behind the German
lines, captured strategic positions
and held them against powerful
counter-attacks.
LONDON, March 31 (UP).—Tank
led and plane-supported Russian in
fantry closing a pincers on Vyazma
from north and south have stamped
out strong German resistance and
moved in close to the threatened
enemy base 130 miles west of Mos
cow, the Soviet radio reported to
night.
Moscow broadcasts said Russian
parachutists taking part in the syn
chronized drive on Vyazma had
floated down behind the German
lines, captured strategic positions
and held them against powerful
counter-attacks.
