# Netters Meet Modesto JC
## 
### 
Stanford varsity tennis team final
ly gets to meet Modesto JC's two
junior Davis Cuppers, Jerry Moss
and Mike Green, in a school match
as Modesto invades the Stanford
courts for a match tomorrow.
In two scheduled matches between
the schools earlier in the season
Modesto called off the first match
because Moss and Green were ill,
then did not play the two young
sters in the second match, which
Stanford won. With these two play
ers in the lineup for Modesto, the
Indian racketmen can anticipate a
real match.
Stanford varsity tennis team final
ly gets to meet Modesto JC's two
junior Davis Cuppers, Jerry Moss
and Mike Green, in a school match
as Modesto invades the Stanford
courts for a match tomorrow.
In two scheduled matches between
the schools earlier in the season
Modesto called off the first match
because Moss and Green were ill,
then did not play the two young
sters in the second match, which
Stanford won. With these two play
ers in the lineup for Modesto, the
Indian racketmen can anticipate a
real match.
Stanford varsity tennis team final
ly gets to meet Modesto JC's two
junior Davis Cuppers, Jerry Moss
and Mike Green, in a school match
as Modesto invades the Stanford
courts for a match tomorrow.
In two scheduled matches between
the schools earlier in the season
Modesto called off the first match
because Moss and Green were ill,
then did not play the two young
sters in the second match, which
Stanford won. With these two play
ers in the lineup for Modesto, the
Indian racketmen can anticipate a
real match.
Stanford varsity tennis team final
ly gets to meet Modesto JC's two
junior Davis Cuppers, Jerry Moss
and Mike Green, in a school match
as Modesto invades the Stanford
courts for a match tomorrow.
In two scheduled matches between
the schools earlier in the season
Modesto called off the first match
because Moss and Green were ill,
then did not play the two young
sters in the second match, which
Stanford won. With these two play
ers in the lineup for Modesto, the
Indian racketmen can anticipate a
real match.
Stanford varsity tennis team final
ly gets to meet Modesto JC's two
junior Davis Cuppers, Jerry Moss
and Mike Green, in a school match
as Modesto invades the Stanford
courts for a match tomorrow.
In two scheduled matches between
the schools earlier in the season
Modesto called off the first match
because Moss and Green were ill,
then did not play the two young
sters in the second match, which
Stanford won. With these two play
ers in the lineup for Modesto, the
Indian racketmen can anticipate a
real match.
Stanford varsity tennis team final
ly gets to meet Modesto JC's two
junior Davis Cuppers, Jerry Moss
and Mike Green, in a school match
as Modesto invades the Stanford
courts for a match tomorrow.
In two scheduled matches between
the schools earlier in the season
Modesto called off the first match
because Moss and Green were ill,
then did not play the two young
sters in the second match, which
Stanford won. With these two play
ers in the lineup for Modesto, the
Indian racketmen can anticipate a
real match.
Stanford varsity tennis team final
ly gets to meet Modesto JC's two
junior Davis Cuppers, Jerry Moss
and Mike Green, in a school match
as Modesto invades the Stanford
courts for a match tomorrow.
In two scheduled matches between
the schools earlier in the season
Modesto called off the first match
because Moss and Green were ill,
then did not play the two young
sters in the second match, which
Stanford won. With these two play
ers in the lineup for Modesto, the
Indian racketmen can anticipate a
real match.
Stanford varsity tennis team final
ly gets to meet Modesto JC's two
junior Davis Cuppers, Jerry Moss
and Mike Green, in a school match
as Modesto invades the Stanford
courts for a match tomorrow.
In two scheduled matches between
the schools earlier in the season
Modesto called off the first match
because Moss and Green were ill,
then did not play the two young
sters in the second match, which
Stanford won. With these two play
ers in the lineup for Modesto, the
Indian racketmen can anticipate a
real match.
Stanford varsity tennis team final
ly gets to meet Modesto JC's two
junior Davis Cuppers, Jerry Moss
and Mike Green, in a school match
as Modesto invades the Stanford
courts for a match tomorrow.
In two scheduled matches between
the schools earlier in the season
Modesto called off the first match
because Moss and Green were ill,
then did not play the two young
sters in the second match, which
Stanford won. With these two play
ers in the lineup for Modesto, the
Indian racketmen can anticipate a
real match.
Stanford varsity tennis team final
ly gets to meet Modesto JC's two
junior Davis Cuppers, Jerry Moss
and Mike Green, in a school match
as Modesto invades the Stanford
courts for a match tomorrow.
In two scheduled matches between
the schools earlier in the season
Modesto called off the first match
because Moss and Green were ill,
then did not play the two young
sters in the second match, which
Stanford won. With these two play
ers in the lineup for Modesto, the
Indian racketmen can anticipate a
real match.
Stanford varsity tennis team final
ly gets to meet Modesto JC's two
junior Davis Cuppers, Jerry Moss
and Mike Green, in a school match
as Modesto invades the Stanford
courts for a match tomorrow.
In two scheduled matches between
the schools earlier in the season
Modesto called off the first match
because Moss and Green were ill,
then did not play the two young
sters in the second match, which
Stanford won. With these two play
ers in the lineup for Modesto, the
Indian racketmen can anticipate a
real match.
Stanford varsity tennis team final
ly gets to meet Modesto JC's two
junior Davis Cuppers, Jerry Moss
and Mike Green, in a school match
as Modesto invades the Stanford
courts for a match tomorrow.
In two scheduled matches between
the schools earlier in the season
Modesto called off the first match
because Moss and Green were ill,
then did not play the two young
sters in the second match, which
Stanford won. With these two play
ers in the lineup for Modesto, the
Indian racketmen can anticipate a
real match.
Stanford varsity tennis team final
ly gets to meet Modesto JC's two
junior Davis Cuppers, Jerry Moss
and Mike Green, in a school match
as Modesto invades the Stanford
courts for a match tomorrow.
In two scheduled matches between
the schools earlier in the season
Modesto called off the first match
because Moss and Green were ill,
then did not play the two young
sters in the second match, which
Stanford won. With these two play
ers in the lineup for Modesto, the
Indian racketmen can anticipate a
real match.
Stanford varsity tennis team final
ly gets to meet Modesto JC's two
junior Davis Cuppers, Jerry Moss
and Mike Green, in a school match
as Modesto invades the Stanford
courts for a match tomorrow.
In two scheduled matches between
the schools earlier in the season
Modesto called off the first match
because Moss and Green were ill,
then did not play the two young
sters in the second match, which
Stanford won. With these two play
ers in the lineup for Modesto, the
Indian racketmen can anticipate a
real match.
Stanford varsity tennis team final
ly gets to meet Modesto JC's two
junior Davis Cuppers, Jerry Moss
and Mike Green, in a school match
as Modesto invades the Stanford
courts for a match tomorrow.
In two scheduled matches between
the schools earlier in the season
Modesto called off the first match
because Moss and Green were ill,
then did not play the two young
sters in the second match, which
Stanford won. With these two play
ers in the lineup for Modesto, the
Indian racketmen can anticipate a
real match.
