# Adv. 21 Page 4
## 
### 
Beat the Beavers
WE PREDICT
that the new set of
CHRISTMAS SONGS
by Mario Lanza will be
the hit of the holiday
season . . .
all three speeds.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University DA 3-5791
Beat the Beavers
WE PREDICT
that the new set of
CHRISTMAS SONGS
by Mario Lanza will be
the hit of the holiday
season . . .
all three speeds.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University DA 3-5791
Beat the Beavers
WE PREDICT
that the new set of
CHRISTMAS SONGS
by Mario Lanza will be
the hit of the holiday
season . . .
all three speeds.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University DA 3-5791
Beat the Beavers
WE PREDICT
that the new set of
CHRISTMAS SONGS
by Mario Lanza will be
the hit of the holiday
season . . .
all three speeds.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University DA 3-5791
Beat the Beavers
WE PREDICT
that the new set of
CHRISTMAS SONGS
by Mario Lanza will be
the hit of the holiday
season . . .
all three speeds.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University DA 3-5791
Beat the Beavers
WE PREDICT
that the new set of
CHRISTMAS SONGS
by Mario Lanza will be
the hit of the holiday
season . . .
all three speeds.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University DA 3-5791
Beat the Beavers
WE PREDICT
that the new set of
CHRISTMAS SONGS
by Mario Lanza will be
the hit of the holiday
season . . .
all three speeds.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University DA 3-5791
Beat the Beavers
WE PREDICT
that the new set of
CHRISTMAS SONGS
by Mario Lanza will be
the hit of the holiday
season . . .
all three speeds.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University DA 3-5791
Beat the Beavers
WE PREDICT
that the new set of
CHRISTMAS SONGS
by Mario Lanza will be
the hit of the holiday
season . . .
all three speeds.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University DA 3-5791
Beat the Beavers
WE PREDICT
that the new set of
CHRISTMAS SONGS
by Mario Lanza will be
the hit of the holiday
season . . .
all three speeds.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University DA 3-5791
Beat the Beavers
WE PREDICT
that the new set of
CHRISTMAS SONGS
by Mario Lanza will be
the hit of the holiday
season . . .
all three speeds.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University DA 3-5791
Beat the Beavers
WE PREDICT
that the new set of
CHRISTMAS SONGS
by Mario Lanza will be
the hit of the holiday
season . . .
all three speeds.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University DA 3-5791
Beat the Beavers
WE PREDICT
that the new set of
CHRISTMAS SONGS
by Mario Lanza will be
the hit of the holiday
season . . .
all three speeds.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University DA 3-5791
Beat the Beavers
WE PREDICT
that the new set of
CHRISTMAS SONGS
by Mario Lanza will be
the hit of the holiday
season . . .
all three speeds.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University DA 3-5791
Beat the Beavers
WE PREDICT
that the new set of
CHRISTMAS SONGS
by Mario Lanza will be
the hit of the holiday
season . . .
all three speeds.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University DA 3-5791
