# Untitled Article
## 
### 

"Well, Dean, for th' last few days we've been discussing the
ories of revolution—an' then about ten minutes after class took
up today "

"Well, Dean, for th' last few days we've been discussing the
ories of revolution—an' then about ten minutes after class took
up today "

"Well, Dean, for th' last few days we've been discussing the
ories of revolution—an' then about ten minutes after class took
up today "

"Well, Dean, for th' last few days we've been discussing the
ories of revolution—an' then about ten minutes after class took
up today "

"Well, Dean, for th' last few days we've been discussing the
ories of revolution—an' then about ten minutes after class took
up today "

"Well, Dean, for th' last few days we've been discussing the
ories of revolution—an' then about ten minutes after class took
up today "

"Well, Dean, for th' last few days we've been discussing the
ories of revolution—an' then about ten minutes after class took
up today "

"Well, Dean, for th' last few days we've been discussing the
ories of revolution—an' then about ten minutes after class took
up today "

"Well, Dean, for th' last few days we've been discussing the
ories of revolution—an' then about ten minutes after class took
up today "

"Well, Dean, for th' last few days we've been discussing the
ories of revolution—an' then about ten minutes after class took
up today "

"Well, Dean, for th' last few days we've been discussing the
ories of revolution—an' then about ten minutes after class took
up today "

"Well, Dean, for th' last few days we've been discussing the
ories of revolution—an' then about ten minutes after class took
up today "

"Well, Dean, for th' last few days we've been discussing the
ories of revolution—an' then about ten minutes after class took
up today "

"Well, Dean, for th' last few days we've been discussing the
ories of revolution—an' then about ten minutes after class took
up today "

"Well, Dean, for th' last few days we've been discussing the
ories of revolution—an' then about ten minutes after class took
up today "
