# De-Rose Bowler
## 
### 

EAGER BEAVER—Here's Gene Morrow, Oregon State's 175-pound senior quarterback,, who will
share passing duties with sophomore left halfback Dave Mann. Morrow passes from the T for
mation and Mann throws when the Beavers line up in the single wing.

EAGER BEAVER—Here's Gene Morrow, Oregon State's 175-pound senior quarterback,, who will
share passing duties with sophomore left halfback Dave Mann. Morrow passes from the T for
mation and Mann throws when the Beavers line up in the single wing.

EAGER BEAVER—Here's Gene Morrow, Oregon State's 175-pound senior quarterback,, who will
share passing duties with sophomore left halfback Dave Mann. Morrow passes from the T for
mation and Mann throws when the Beavers line up in the single wing.

EAGER BEAVER—Here's Gene Morrow, Oregon State's 175-pound senior quarterback,, who will
share passing duties with sophomore left halfback Dave Mann. Morrow passes from the T for
mation and Mann throws when the Beavers line up in the single wing.

EAGER BEAVER—Here's Gene Morrow, Oregon State's 175-pound senior quarterback,, who will
share passing duties with sophomore left halfback Dave Mann. Morrow passes from the T for
mation and Mann throws when the Beavers line up in the single wing.

EAGER BEAVER—Here's Gene Morrow, Oregon State's 175-pound senior quarterback,, who will
share passing duties with sophomore left halfback Dave Mann. Morrow passes from the T for
mation and Mann throws when the Beavers line up in the single wing.

EAGER BEAVER—Here's Gene Morrow, Oregon State's 175-pound senior quarterback,, who will
share passing duties with sophomore left halfback Dave Mann. Morrow passes from the T for
mation and Mann throws when the Beavers line up in the single wing.

EAGER BEAVER—Here's Gene Morrow, Oregon State's 175-pound senior quarterback,, who will
share passing duties with sophomore left halfback Dave Mann. Morrow passes from the T for
mation and Mann throws when the Beavers line up in the single wing.

EAGER BEAVER—Here's Gene Morrow, Oregon State's 175-pound senior quarterback,, who will
share passing duties with sophomore left halfback Dave Mann. Morrow passes from the T for
mation and Mann throws when the Beavers line up in the single wing.

EAGER BEAVER—Here's Gene Morrow, Oregon State's 175-pound senior quarterback,, who will
share passing duties with sophomore left halfback Dave Mann. Morrow passes from the T for
mation and Mann throws when the Beavers line up in the single wing.

EAGER BEAVER—Here's Gene Morrow, Oregon State's 175-pound senior quarterback,, who will
share passing duties with sophomore left halfback Dave Mann. Morrow passes from the T for
mation and Mann throws when the Beavers line up in the single wing.

EAGER BEAVER—Here's Gene Morrow, Oregon State's 175-pound senior quarterback,, who will
share passing duties with sophomore left halfback Dave Mann. Morrow passes from the T for
mation and Mann throws when the Beavers line up in the single wing.

EAGER BEAVER—Here's Gene Morrow, Oregon State's 175-pound senior quarterback,, who will
share passing duties with sophomore left halfback Dave Mann. Morrow passes from the T for
mation and Mann throws when the Beavers line up in the single wing.

EAGER BEAVER—Here's Gene Morrow, Oregon State's 175-pound senior quarterback,, who will
share passing duties with sophomore left halfback Dave Mann. Morrow passes from the T for
mation and Mann throws when the Beavers line up in the single wing.

EAGER BEAVER—Here's Gene Morrow, Oregon State's 175-pound senior quarterback,, who will
share passing duties with sophomore left halfback Dave Mann. Morrow passes from the T for
mation and Mann throws when the Beavers line up in the single wing.
