# 1951 Navy Quota Is Farm's Biggest
## 
### 
The 1951 quota Tor NROTC con
tract students was recently raised
from 65 to 70. This is the largest,
midshipman freshman class in
Stanford's history, Colonel A. J.
Keller, profesror of naval science,
announced.
This year's total freshman enroll
ment, including regulars and con
tracts, is 103, as compared to 75
sophomores, 37 juniors, and 38 sen
iors.
The 1951 quota Tor NROTC con
tract students was recently raised
from 65 to 70. This is the largest,
midshipman freshman class in
Stanford's history, Colonel A. J.
Keller, profesror of naval science,
announced.
This year's total freshman enroll
ment, including regulars and con
tracts, is 103, as compared to 75
sophomores, 37 juniors, and 38 sen
iors.
The 1951 quota Tor NROTC con
tract students was recently raised
from 65 to 70. This is the largest,
midshipman freshman class in
Stanford's history, Colonel A. J.
Keller, profesror of naval science,
announced.
This year's total freshman enroll
ment, including regulars and con
tracts, is 103, as compared to 75
sophomores, 37 juniors, and 38 sen
iors.
The 1951 quota Tor NROTC con
tract students was recently raised
from 65 to 70. This is the largest,
midshipman freshman class in
Stanford's history, Colonel A. J.
Keller, profesror of naval science,
announced.
This year's total freshman enroll
ment, including regulars and con
tracts, is 103, as compared to 75
sophomores, 37 juniors, and 38 sen
iors.
The 1951 quota Tor NROTC con
tract students was recently raised
from 65 to 70. This is the largest,
midshipman freshman class in
Stanford's history, Colonel A. J.
Keller, profesror of naval science,
announced.
This year's total freshman enroll
ment, including regulars and con
tracts, is 103, as compared to 75
sophomores, 37 juniors, and 38 sen
iors.
The 1951 quota Tor NROTC con
tract students was recently raised
from 65 to 70. This is the largest,
midshipman freshman class in
Stanford's history, Colonel A. J.
Keller, profesror of naval science,
announced.
This year's total freshman enroll
ment, including regulars and con
tracts, is 103, as compared to 75
sophomores, 37 juniors, and 38 sen
iors.
The 1951 quota Tor NROTC con
tract students was recently raised
from 65 to 70. This is the largest,
midshipman freshman class in
Stanford's history, Colonel A. J.
Keller, profesror of naval science,
announced.
This year's total freshman enroll
ment, including regulars and con
tracts, is 103, as compared to 75
sophomores, 37 juniors, and 38 sen
iors.
The 1951 quota Tor NROTC con
tract students was recently raised
from 65 to 70. This is the largest,
midshipman freshman class in
Stanford's history, Colonel A. J.
Keller, profesror of naval science,
announced.
This year's total freshman enroll
ment, including regulars and con
tracts, is 103, as compared to 75
sophomores, 37 juniors, and 38 sen
iors.
The 1951 quota Tor NROTC con
tract students was recently raised
from 65 to 70. This is the largest,
midshipman freshman class in
Stanford's history, Colonel A. J.
Keller, profesror of naval science,
announced.
This year's total freshman enroll
ment, including regulars and con
tracts, is 103, as compared to 75
sophomores, 37 juniors, and 38 sen
iors.
The 1951 quota Tor NROTC con
tract students was recently raised
from 65 to 70. This is the largest,
midshipman freshman class in
Stanford's history, Colonel A. J.
Keller, profesror of naval science,
announced.
This year's total freshman enroll
ment, including regulars and con
tracts, is 103, as compared to 75
sophomores, 37 juniors, and 38 sen
iors.
The 1951 quota Tor NROTC con
tract students was recently raised
from 65 to 70. This is the largest,
midshipman freshman class in
Stanford's history, Colonel A. J.
Keller, profesror of naval science,
announced.
This year's total freshman enroll
ment, including regulars and con
tracts, is 103, as compared to 75
sophomores, 37 juniors, and 38 sen
iors.
The 1951 quota Tor NROTC con
tract students was recently raised
from 65 to 70. This is the largest,
midshipman freshman class in
Stanford's history, Colonel A. J.
Keller, profesror of naval science,
announced.
This year's total freshman enroll
ment, including regulars and con
tracts, is 103, as compared to 75
sophomores, 37 juniors, and 38 sen
iors.
The 1951 quota Tor NROTC con
tract students was recently raised
from 65 to 70. This is the largest,
midshipman freshman class in
Stanford's history, Colonel A. J.
Keller, profesror of naval science,
announced.
This year's total freshman enroll
ment, including regulars and con
tracts, is 103, as compared to 75
sophomores, 37 juniors, and 38 sen
iors.
The 1951 quota Tor NROTC con
tract students was recently raised
from 65 to 70. This is the largest,
midshipman freshman class in
Stanford's history, Colonel A. J.
Keller, profesror of naval science,
announced.
This year's total freshman enroll
ment, including regulars and con
tracts, is 103, as compared to 75
sophomores, 37 juniors, and 38 sen
iors.
The 1951 quota Tor NROTC con
tract students was recently raised
from 65 to 70. This is the largest,
midshipman freshman class in
Stanford's history, Colonel A. J.
Keller, profesror of naval science,
announced.
This year's total freshman enroll
ment, including regulars and con
tracts, is 103, as compared to 75
sophomores, 37 juniors, and 38 sen
iors.
