# GRASS FIRE
## 
### 
A small grass fire near Branner
Hall was extinguished without loss
by Stanford firemen early yester
day afternoon.
A small grass fire near Branner
Hall was extinguished without loss
by Stanford firemen early yester
day afternoon.
A small grass fire near Branner
Hall was extinguished without loss
by Stanford firemen early yester
day afternoon.
A small grass fire near Branner
Hall was extinguished without loss
by Stanford firemen early yester
day afternoon.
A small grass fire near Branner
Hall was extinguished without loss
by Stanford firemen early yester
day afternoon.
A small grass fire near Branner
Hall was extinguished without loss
by Stanford firemen early yester
day afternoon.
A small grass fire near Branner
Hall was extinguished without loss
by Stanford firemen early yester
day afternoon.
A small grass fire near Branner
Hall was extinguished without loss
by Stanford firemen early yester
day afternoon.
A small grass fire near Branner
Hall was extinguished without loss
by Stanford firemen early yester
day afternoon.
A small grass fire near Branner
Hall was extinguished without loss
by Stanford firemen early yester
day afternoon.
A small grass fire near Branner
Hall was extinguished without loss
by Stanford firemen early yester
day afternoon.
A small grass fire near Branner
Hall was extinguished without loss
by Stanford firemen early yester
day afternoon.
A small grass fire near Branner
Hall was extinguished without loss
by Stanford firemen early yester
day afternoon.
A small grass fire near Branner
Hall was extinguished without loss
by Stanford firemen early yester
day afternoon.
A small grass fire near Branner
Hall was extinguished without loss
by Stanford firemen early yester
day afternoon.
