# Illinois U. President
## 
### 

Associated I'hotn
Dr. Harry Woodburn Chase, for
mer president of University of
North Carolina, is the new presi
dent of the University of Illinois.

Associated I'hotn
Dr. Harry Woodburn Chase, for
mer president of University of
North Carolina, is the new presi
dent of the University of Illinois.

Associated I'hotn
Dr. Harry Woodburn Chase, for
mer president of University of
North Carolina, is the new presi
dent of the University of Illinois.

Associated I'hotn
Dr. Harry Woodburn Chase, for
mer president of University of
North Carolina, is the new presi
dent of the University of Illinois.

Associated I'hotn
Dr. Harry Woodburn Chase, for
mer president of University of
North Carolina, is the new presi
dent of the University of Illinois.

Associated I'hotn
Dr. Harry Woodburn Chase, for
mer president of University of
North Carolina, is the new presi
dent of the University of Illinois.

Associated I'hotn
Dr. Harry Woodburn Chase, for
mer president of University of
North Carolina, is the new presi
dent of the University of Illinois.

Associated I'hotn
Dr. Harry Woodburn Chase, for
mer president of University of
North Carolina, is the new presi
dent of the University of Illinois.

Associated I'hotn
Dr. Harry Woodburn Chase, for
mer president of University of
North Carolina, is the new presi
dent of the University of Illinois.

Associated I'hotn
Dr. Harry Woodburn Chase, for
mer president of University of
North Carolina, is the new presi
dent of the University of Illinois.

Associated I'hotn
Dr. Harry Woodburn Chase, for
mer president of University of
North Carolina, is the new presi
dent of the University of Illinois.

Associated I'hotn
Dr. Harry Woodburn Chase, for
mer president of University of
North Carolina, is the new presi
dent of the University of Illinois.

Associated I'hotn
Dr. Harry Woodburn Chase, for
mer president of University of
North Carolina, is the new presi
dent of the University of Illinois.

Associated I'hotn
Dr. Harry Woodburn Chase, for
mer president of University of
North Carolina, is the new presi
dent of the University of Illinois.

Associated I'hotn
Dr. Harry Woodburn Chase, for
mer president of University of
North Carolina, is the new presi
dent of the University of Illinois.
