# THREE AIR STRATA
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 2t'». (/P)
Pilots along the Pacific seaboard
find three temperature strata, one
at 2,000 feet being warm while be
low or above it is extremely cold.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 2t'». (/P)
Pilots along the Pacific seaboard
find three temperature strata, one
at 2,000 feet being warm while be
low or above it is extremely cold.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 2t'». (/P)
Pilots along the Pacific seaboard
find three temperature strata, one
at 2,000 feet being warm while be
low or above it is extremely cold.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 2t'». (/P)
Pilots along the Pacific seaboard
find three temperature strata, one
at 2,000 feet being warm while be
low or above it is extremely cold.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 2t'». (/P)
Pilots along the Pacific seaboard
find three temperature strata, one
at 2,000 feet being warm while be
low or above it is extremely cold.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 2t'». (/P)
Pilots along the Pacific seaboard
find three temperature strata, one
at 2,000 feet being warm while be
low or above it is extremely cold.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 2t'». (/P)
Pilots along the Pacific seaboard
find three temperature strata, one
at 2,000 feet being warm while be
low or above it is extremely cold.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 2t'». (/P)
Pilots along the Pacific seaboard
find three temperature strata, one
at 2,000 feet being warm while be
low or above it is extremely cold.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 2t'». (/P)
Pilots along the Pacific seaboard
find three temperature strata, one
at 2,000 feet being warm while be
low or above it is extremely cold.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 2t'». (/P)
Pilots along the Pacific seaboard
find three temperature strata, one
at 2,000 feet being warm while be
low or above it is extremely cold.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 2t'». (/P)
Pilots along the Pacific seaboard
find three temperature strata, one
at 2,000 feet being warm while be
low or above it is extremely cold.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 2t'». (/P)
Pilots along the Pacific seaboard
find three temperature strata, one
at 2,000 feet being warm while be
low or above it is extremely cold.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 2t'». (/P)
Pilots along the Pacific seaboard
find three temperature strata, one
at 2,000 feet being warm while be
low or above it is extremely cold.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 2t'». (/P)
Pilots along the Pacific seaboard
find three temperature strata, one
at 2,000 feet being warm while be
low or above it is extremely cold.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 2t'». (/P)
Pilots along the Pacific seaboard
find three temperature strata, one
at 2,000 feet being warm while be
low or above it is extremely cold.
