# British May Send Peace Delegation to Continent
## 
### 
LONDON, Feb. 27 (/P)—The British
Cabinet today decided "in principle"
to send two of Britain's foremost
internationalists to visit distant Eur
opean capitals in the interest of the
continent's peace.
While no official statement was
forthcoming after the cabinet's ses
sion, well-informed political circles
said the government had approved
plans for Sir John Simon, foreign
secretary, and Capt. Anthony Eden,
lord privy seal, to go to Moscow,
Warsaw, and Praha after they visit
Berlin.
LONDON, Feb. 27 (/P)—The British
Cabinet today decided "in principle"
to send two of Britain's foremost
internationalists to visit distant Eur
opean capitals in the interest of the
continent's peace.
While no official statement was
forthcoming after the cabinet's ses
sion, well-informed political circles
said the government had approved
plans for Sir John Simon, foreign
secretary, and Capt. Anthony Eden,
lord privy seal, to go to Moscow,
Warsaw, and Praha after they visit
Berlin.
LONDON, Feb. 27 (/P)—The British
Cabinet today decided "in principle"
to send two of Britain's foremost
internationalists to visit distant Eur
opean capitals in the interest of the
continent's peace.
While no official statement was
forthcoming after the cabinet's ses
sion, well-informed political circles
said the government had approved
plans for Sir John Simon, foreign
secretary, and Capt. Anthony Eden,
lord privy seal, to go to Moscow,
Warsaw, and Praha after they visit
Berlin.
LONDON, Feb. 27 (/P)—The British
Cabinet today decided "in principle"
to send two of Britain's foremost
internationalists to visit distant Eur
opean capitals in the interest of the
continent's peace.
While no official statement was
forthcoming after the cabinet's ses
sion, well-informed political circles
said the government had approved
plans for Sir John Simon, foreign
secretary, and Capt. Anthony Eden,
lord privy seal, to go to Moscow,
Warsaw, and Praha after they visit
Berlin.
LONDON, Feb. 27 (/P)—The British
Cabinet today decided "in principle"
to send two of Britain's foremost
internationalists to visit distant Eur
opean capitals in the interest of the
continent's peace.
While no official statement was
forthcoming after the cabinet's ses
sion, well-informed political circles
said the government had approved
plans for Sir John Simon, foreign
secretary, and Capt. Anthony Eden,
lord privy seal, to go to Moscow,
Warsaw, and Praha after they visit
Berlin.
LONDON, Feb. 27 (/P)—The British
Cabinet today decided "in principle"
to send two of Britain's foremost
internationalists to visit distant Eur
opean capitals in the interest of the
continent's peace.
While no official statement was
forthcoming after the cabinet's ses
sion, well-informed political circles
said the government had approved
plans for Sir John Simon, foreign
secretary, and Capt. Anthony Eden,
lord privy seal, to go to Moscow,
Warsaw, and Praha after they visit
Berlin.
LONDON, Feb. 27 (/P)—The British
Cabinet today decided "in principle"
to send two of Britain's foremost
internationalists to visit distant Eur
opean capitals in the interest of the
continent's peace.
While no official statement was
forthcoming after the cabinet's ses
sion, well-informed political circles
said the government had approved
plans for Sir John Simon, foreign
secretary, and Capt. Anthony Eden,
lord privy seal, to go to Moscow,
Warsaw, and Praha after they visit
Berlin.
LONDON, Feb. 27 (/P)—The British
Cabinet today decided "in principle"
to send two of Britain's foremost
internationalists to visit distant Eur
opean capitals in the interest of the
continent's peace.
While no official statement was
forthcoming after the cabinet's ses
sion, well-informed political circles
said the government had approved
plans for Sir John Simon, foreign
secretary, and Capt. Anthony Eden,
lord privy seal, to go to Moscow,
Warsaw, and Praha after they visit
Berlin.
LONDON, Feb. 27 (/P)—The British
Cabinet today decided "in principle"
to send two of Britain's foremost
internationalists to visit distant Eur
opean capitals in the interest of the
continent's peace.
While no official statement was
forthcoming after the cabinet's ses
sion, well-informed political circles
said the government had approved
plans for Sir John Simon, foreign
secretary, and Capt. Anthony Eden,
lord privy seal, to go to Moscow,
Warsaw, and Praha after they visit
Berlin.
LONDON, Feb. 27 (/P)—The British
Cabinet today decided "in principle"
to send two of Britain's foremost
internationalists to visit distant Eur
opean capitals in the interest of the
continent's peace.
While no official statement was
forthcoming after the cabinet's ses
sion, well-informed political circles
said the government had approved
plans for Sir John Simon, foreign
secretary, and Capt. Anthony Eden,
lord privy seal, to go to Moscow,
Warsaw, and Praha after they visit
Berlin.
LONDON, Feb. 27 (/P)—The British
Cabinet today decided "in principle"
to send two of Britain's foremost
internationalists to visit distant Eur
opean capitals in the interest of the
continent's peace.
While no official statement was
forthcoming after the cabinet's ses
sion, well-informed political circles
said the government had approved
plans for Sir John Simon, foreign
secretary, and Capt. Anthony Eden,
lord privy seal, to go to Moscow,
Warsaw, and Praha after they visit
Berlin.
LONDON, Feb. 27 (/P)—The British
Cabinet today decided "in principle"
to send two of Britain's foremost
internationalists to visit distant Eur
opean capitals in the interest of the
continent's peace.
While no official statement was
forthcoming after the cabinet's ses
sion, well-informed political circles
said the government had approved
plans for Sir John Simon, foreign
secretary, and Capt. Anthony Eden,
lord privy seal, to go to Moscow,
Warsaw, and Praha after they visit
Berlin.
LONDON, Feb. 27 (/P)—The British
Cabinet today decided "in principle"
to send two of Britain's foremost
internationalists to visit distant Eur
opean capitals in the interest of the
continent's peace.
While no official statement was
forthcoming after the cabinet's ses
sion, well-informed political circles
said the government had approved
plans for Sir John Simon, foreign
secretary, and Capt. Anthony Eden,
lord privy seal, to go to Moscow,
Warsaw, and Praha after they visit
Berlin.
LONDON, Feb. 27 (/P)—The British
Cabinet today decided "in principle"
to send two of Britain's foremost
internationalists to visit distant Eur
opean capitals in the interest of the
continent's peace.
While no official statement was
forthcoming after the cabinet's ses
sion, well-informed political circles
said the government had approved
plans for Sir John Simon, foreign
secretary, and Capt. Anthony Eden,
lord privy seal, to go to Moscow,
Warsaw, and Praha after they visit
Berlin.
LONDON, Feb. 27 (/P)—The British
Cabinet today decided "in principle"
to send two of Britain's foremost
internationalists to visit distant Eur
opean capitals in the interest of the
continent's peace.
While no official statement was
forthcoming after the cabinet's ses
sion, well-informed political circles
said the government had approved
plans for Sir John Simon, foreign
secretary, and Capt. Anthony Eden,
lord privy seal, to go to Moscow,
Warsaw, and Praha after they visit
Berlin.
