# ALPHA O PLEDGE
## 
### 
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Kathcrine Louise Ayrcs,
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Kathcrine Louise Ayrcs,
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Kathcrine Louise Ayrcs,
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Kathcrine Louise Ayrcs,
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Kathcrine Louise Ayrcs,
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Kathcrine Louise Ayrcs,
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Kathcrine Louise Ayrcs,
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Kathcrine Louise Ayrcs,
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Kathcrine Louise Ayrcs,
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Kathcrine Louise Ayrcs,
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Kathcrine Louise Ayrcs,
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Kathcrine Louise Ayrcs,
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Kathcrine Louise Ayrcs,
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Kathcrine Louise Ayrcs,
