# Truce May Come
## 
### 
UNITED NATIONS, N.Y., May 22
•—The United Nations soon may
repeat its offer for a Korean cease
fire with a 20-mile buffer zone run
ning north from the 38th parallel,
informed sources revealed tonight.
The projected 15-nation UN ar
mistice offer—the offer administra
tion officials say Mac Arthur upset
by his own premature offer in
March—still is on ice and soon may
be put forward. It probably would
contain the cease-fire plan, plus a
restatement of UN political aims to
unify all Korea.
UNITED NATIONS, N.Y., May 22
•—The United Nations soon may
repeat its offer for a Korean cease
fire with a 20-mile buffer zone run
ning north from the 38th parallel,
informed sources revealed tonight.
The projected 15-nation UN ar
mistice offer—the offer administra
tion officials say Mac Arthur upset
by his own premature offer in
March—still is on ice and soon may
be put forward. It probably would
contain the cease-fire plan, plus a
restatement of UN political aims to
unify all Korea.
UNITED NATIONS, N.Y., May 22
•—The United Nations soon may
repeat its offer for a Korean cease
fire with a 20-mile buffer zone run
ning north from the 38th parallel,
informed sources revealed tonight.
The projected 15-nation UN ar
mistice offer—the offer administra
tion officials say Mac Arthur upset
by his own premature offer in
March—still is on ice and soon may
be put forward. It probably would
contain the cease-fire plan, plus a
restatement of UN political aims to
unify all Korea.
UNITED NATIONS, N.Y., May 22
•—The United Nations soon may
repeat its offer for a Korean cease
fire with a 20-mile buffer zone run
ning north from the 38th parallel,
informed sources revealed tonight.
The projected 15-nation UN ar
mistice offer—the offer administra
tion officials say Mac Arthur upset
by his own premature offer in
March—still is on ice and soon may
be put forward. It probably would
contain the cease-fire plan, plus a
restatement of UN political aims to
unify all Korea.
UNITED NATIONS, N.Y., May 22
•—The United Nations soon may
repeat its offer for a Korean cease
fire with a 20-mile buffer zone run
ning north from the 38th parallel,
informed sources revealed tonight.
The projected 15-nation UN ar
mistice offer—the offer administra
tion officials say Mac Arthur upset
by his own premature offer in
March—still is on ice and soon may
be put forward. It probably would
contain the cease-fire plan, plus a
restatement of UN political aims to
unify all Korea.
UNITED NATIONS, N.Y., May 22
•—The United Nations soon may
repeat its offer for a Korean cease
fire with a 20-mile buffer zone run
ning north from the 38th parallel,
informed sources revealed tonight.
The projected 15-nation UN ar
mistice offer—the offer administra
tion officials say Mac Arthur upset
by his own premature offer in
March—still is on ice and soon may
be put forward. It probably would
contain the cease-fire plan, plus a
restatement of UN political aims to
unify all Korea.
UNITED NATIONS, N.Y., May 22
•—The United Nations soon may
repeat its offer for a Korean cease
fire with a 20-mile buffer zone run
ning north from the 38th parallel,
informed sources revealed tonight.
The projected 15-nation UN ar
mistice offer—the offer administra
tion officials say Mac Arthur upset
by his own premature offer in
March—still is on ice and soon may
be put forward. It probably would
contain the cease-fire plan, plus a
restatement of UN political aims to
unify all Korea.
UNITED NATIONS, N.Y., May 22
•—The United Nations soon may
repeat its offer for a Korean cease
fire with a 20-mile buffer zone run
ning north from the 38th parallel,
informed sources revealed tonight.
The projected 15-nation UN ar
mistice offer—the offer administra
tion officials say Mac Arthur upset
by his own premature offer in
March—still is on ice and soon may
be put forward. It probably would
contain the cease-fire plan, plus a
restatement of UN political aims to
unify all Korea.
UNITED NATIONS, N.Y., May 22
•—The United Nations soon may
repeat its offer for a Korean cease
fire with a 20-mile buffer zone run
ning north from the 38th parallel,
informed sources revealed tonight.
The projected 15-nation UN ar
mistice offer—the offer administra
tion officials say Mac Arthur upset
by his own premature offer in
March—still is on ice and soon may
be put forward. It probably would
contain the cease-fire plan, plus a
restatement of UN political aims to
unify all Korea.
UNITED NATIONS, N.Y., May 22
•—The United Nations soon may
repeat its offer for a Korean cease
fire with a 20-mile buffer zone run
ning north from the 38th parallel,
informed sources revealed tonight.
The projected 15-nation UN ar
mistice offer—the offer administra
tion officials say Mac Arthur upset
by his own premature offer in
March—still is on ice and soon may
be put forward. It probably would
contain the cease-fire plan, plus a
restatement of UN political aims to
unify all Korea.
UNITED NATIONS, N.Y., May 22
•—The United Nations soon may
repeat its offer for a Korean cease
fire with a 20-mile buffer zone run
ning north from the 38th parallel,
informed sources revealed tonight.
The projected 15-nation UN ar
mistice offer—the offer administra
tion officials say Mac Arthur upset
by his own premature offer in
March—still is on ice and soon may
be put forward. It probably would
contain the cease-fire plan, plus a
restatement of UN political aims to
unify all Korea.
UNITED NATIONS, N.Y., May 22
•—The United Nations soon may
repeat its offer for a Korean cease
fire with a 20-mile buffer zone run
ning north from the 38th parallel,
informed sources revealed tonight.
The projected 15-nation UN ar
mistice offer—the offer administra
tion officials say Mac Arthur upset
by his own premature offer in
March—still is on ice and soon may
be put forward. It probably would
contain the cease-fire plan, plus a
restatement of UN political aims to
unify all Korea.
UNITED NATIONS, N.Y., May 22
•—The United Nations soon may
repeat its offer for a Korean cease
fire with a 20-mile buffer zone run
ning north from the 38th parallel,
informed sources revealed tonight.
The projected 15-nation UN ar
mistice offer—the offer administra
tion officials say Mac Arthur upset
by his own premature offer in
March—still is on ice and soon may
be put forward. It probably would
contain the cease-fire plan, plus a
restatement of UN political aims to
unify all Korea.
UNITED NATIONS, N.Y., May 22
•—The United Nations soon may
repeat its offer for a Korean cease
fire with a 20-mile buffer zone run
ning north from the 38th parallel,
informed sources revealed tonight.
The projected 15-nation UN ar
mistice offer—the offer administra
tion officials say Mac Arthur upset
by his own premature offer in
March—still is on ice and soon may
be put forward. It probably would
contain the cease-fire plan, plus a
restatement of UN political aims to
unify all Korea.
UNITED NATIONS, N.Y., May 22
•—The United Nations soon may
repeat its offer for a Korean cease
fire with a 20-mile buffer zone run
ning north from the 38th parallel,
informed sources revealed tonight.
The projected 15-nation UN ar
mistice offer—the offer administra
tion officials say Mac Arthur upset
by his own premature offer in
March—still is on ice and soon may
be put forward. It probably would
contain the cease-fire plan, plus a
restatement of UN political aims to
unify all Korea.
