# Walesa preparing to visit Vatican
## 
### 
Vatican City (AP) — Pope
John Paul II prepared to
meet with his countryman
Lech Walesa, leader of Po
land's Solidarity trade un
ion, and Italian unions
planned a hero's welcome
for the head of the Soviet
bloc's only independent la
bor movement.
Walesa was scheduled to
leave Gdansk today at the
head of a union delegation
making a week-long visit to
Rome, a Solidarity spokes
man said. The Vatican meet
ing, expected early in the
week, would be the first be
tween Walesa and John
Paul, who has closely fol
lowed the labor unrest that
has rocked Poland since last
summer.
The pope invited Walesa to
the Vatican last September,
but the maverick organizer

postponed the visit several
times while he bargained
with Poland's Communist
party over union rights and
religious freedom.
Papal gestures and
statements will be watched
for signs of support for
Walesa and Solidarity, by far
the largest of Poland's inde
pendent unions. The pope has
taken a cautious stand on Po
land's labor troubles, defen
ding his homeland's "inde
pendence" and "auton
omy," but never publicly
mentioning Solidarity.
The Roman Catholic
church in Poland, which
claims the loyalty of about 90
percent of the nation's 35
million people, has openly
supported the independent
union movement although it
has called for calm and has
appeared to discourage ex
cessive use of walkouts.
Vatican City (AP) — Pope
John Paul II prepared to
meet with his countryman
Lech Walesa, leader of Po
land's Solidarity trade un
ion, and Italian unions
planned a hero's welcome
for the head of the Soviet
bloc's only independent la
bor movement.
Walesa was scheduled to
leave Gdansk today at the
head of a union delegation
making a week-long visit to
Rome, a Solidarity spokes
man said. The Vatican meet
ing, expected early in the
week, would be the first be
tween Walesa and John
Paul, who has closely fol
lowed the labor unrest that
has rocked Poland since last
summer.
The pope invited Walesa to
the Vatican last September,
but the maverick organizer

postponed the visit several
times while he bargained
with Poland's Communist
party over union rights and
religious freedom.
Papal gestures and
statements will be watched
for signs of support for
Walesa and Solidarity, by far
the largest of Poland's inde
pendent unions. The pope has
taken a cautious stand on Po
land's labor troubles, defen
ding his homeland's "inde
pendence" and "auton
omy," but never publicly
mentioning Solidarity.
The Roman Catholic
church in Poland, which
claims the loyalty of about 90
percent of the nation's 35
million people, has openly
supported the independent
union movement although it
has called for calm and has
appeared to discourage ex
cessive use of walkouts.
Vatican City (AP) — Pope
John Paul II prepared to
meet with his countryman
Lech Walesa, leader of Po
land's Solidarity trade un
ion, and Italian unions
planned a hero's welcome
for the head of the Soviet
bloc's only independent la
bor movement.
Walesa was scheduled to
leave Gdansk today at the
head of a union delegation
making a week-long visit to
Rome, a Solidarity spokes
man said. The Vatican meet
ing, expected early in the
week, would be the first be
tween Walesa and John
Paul, who has closely fol
lowed the labor unrest that
has rocked Poland since last
summer.
The pope invited Walesa to
the Vatican last September,
but the maverick organizer

postponed the visit several
times while he bargained
with Poland's Communist
party over union rights and
religious freedom.
Papal gestures and
statements will be watched
for signs of support for
Walesa and Solidarity, by far
the largest of Poland's inde
pendent unions. The pope has
taken a cautious stand on Po
land's labor troubles, defen
ding his homeland's "inde
pendence" and "auton
omy," but never publicly
mentioning Solidarity.
The Roman Catholic
church in Poland, which
claims the loyalty of about 90
percent of the nation's 35
million people, has openly
supported the independent
union movement although it
has called for calm and has
appeared to discourage ex
cessive use of walkouts.
Vatican City (AP) — Pope
John Paul II prepared to
meet with his countryman
Lech Walesa, leader of Po
land's Solidarity trade un
ion, and Italian unions
planned a hero's welcome
for the head of the Soviet
bloc's only independent la
bor movement.
Walesa was scheduled to
leave Gdansk today at the
head of a union delegation
making a week-long visit to
Rome, a Solidarity spokes
man said. The Vatican meet
ing, expected early in the
week, would be the first be
tween Walesa and John
Paul, who has closely fol
lowed the labor unrest that
has rocked Poland since last
summer.
The pope invited Walesa to
the Vatican last September,
but the maverick organizer

postponed the visit several
times while he bargained
with Poland's Communist
party over union rights and
religious freedom.
Papal gestures and
statements will be watched
for signs of support for
Walesa and Solidarity, by far
the largest of Poland's inde
pendent unions. The pope has
taken a cautious stand on Po
land's labor troubles, defen
ding his homeland's "inde
pendence" and "auton
omy," but never publicly
mentioning Solidarity.
The Roman Catholic
church in Poland, which
claims the loyalty of about 90
percent of the nation's 35
million people, has openly
supported the independent
union movement although it
has called for calm and has
appeared to discourage ex
cessive use of walkouts.
Vatican City (AP) — Pope
John Paul II prepared to
meet with his countryman
Lech Walesa, leader of Po
land's Solidarity trade un
ion, and Italian unions
planned a hero's welcome
for the head of the Soviet
bloc's only independent la
bor movement.
Walesa was scheduled to
leave Gdansk today at the
head of a union delegation
making a week-long visit to
Rome, a Solidarity spokes
man said. The Vatican meet
ing, expected early in the
week, would be the first be
tween Walesa and John
Paul, who has closely fol
lowed the labor unrest that
has rocked Poland since last
summer.
The pope invited Walesa to
the Vatican last September,
but the maverick organizer

postponed the visit several
times while he bargained
with Poland's Communist
party over union rights and
religious freedom.
Papal gestures and
statements will be watched
for signs of support for
Walesa and Solidarity, by far
the largest of Poland's inde
pendent unions. The pope has
taken a cautious stand on Po
land's labor troubles, defen
ding his homeland's "inde
pendence" and "auton
omy," but never publicly
mentioning Solidarity.
The Roman Catholic
church in Poland, which
claims the loyalty of about 90
percent of the nation's 35
million people, has openly
supported the independent
union movement although it
has called for calm and has
appeared to discourage ex
cessive use of walkouts.
Vatican City (AP) — Pope
John Paul II prepared to
meet with his countryman
Lech Walesa, leader of Po
land's Solidarity trade un
ion, and Italian unions
planned a hero's welcome
for the head of the Soviet
bloc's only independent la
bor movement.
Walesa was scheduled to
leave Gdansk today at the
head of a union delegation
making a week-long visit to
Rome, a Solidarity spokes
man said. The Vatican meet
ing, expected early in the
week, would be the first be
tween Walesa and John
Paul, who has closely fol
lowed the labor unrest that
has rocked Poland since last
summer.
The pope invited Walesa to
the Vatican last September,
but the maverick organizer

postponed the visit several
times while he bargained
with Poland's Communist
party over union rights and
religious freedom.
Papal gestures and
statements will be watched
for signs of support for
Walesa and Solidarity, by far
the largest of Poland's inde
pendent unions. The pope has
taken a cautious stand on Po
land's labor troubles, defen
ding his homeland's "inde
pendence" and "auton
omy," but never publicly
mentioning Solidarity.
The Roman Catholic
church in Poland, which
claims the loyalty of about 90
percent of the nation's 35
million people, has openly
supported the independent
union movement although it
has called for calm and has
appeared to discourage ex
cessive use of walkouts.
Vatican City (AP) — Pope
John Paul II prepared to
meet with his countryman
Lech Walesa, leader of Po
land's Solidarity trade un
ion, and Italian unions
planned a hero's welcome
for the head of the Soviet
bloc's only independent la
bor movement.
Walesa was scheduled to
leave Gdansk today at the
head of a union delegation
making a week-long visit to
Rome, a Solidarity spokes
man said. The Vatican meet
ing, expected early in the
week, would be the first be
tween Walesa and John
Paul, who has closely fol
lowed the labor unrest that
has rocked Poland since last
summer.
The pope invited Walesa to
the Vatican last September,
but the maverick organizer

postponed the visit several
times while he bargained
with Poland's Communist
party over union rights and
religious freedom.
Papal gestures and
statements will be watched
for signs of support for
Walesa and Solidarity, by far
the largest of Poland's inde
pendent unions. The pope has
taken a cautious stand on Po
land's labor troubles, defen
ding his homeland's "inde
pendence" and "auton
omy," but never publicly
mentioning Solidarity.
The Roman Catholic
church in Poland, which
claims the loyalty of about 90
percent of the nation's 35
million people, has openly
supported the independent
union movement although it
has called for calm and has
appeared to discourage ex
cessive use of walkouts.
Vatican City (AP) — Pope
John Paul II prepared to
meet with his countryman
Lech Walesa, leader of Po
land's Solidarity trade un
ion, and Italian unions
planned a hero's welcome
for the head of the Soviet
bloc's only independent la
bor movement.
Walesa was scheduled to
leave Gdansk today at the
head of a union delegation
making a week-long visit to
Rome, a Solidarity spokes
man said. The Vatican meet
ing, expected early in the
week, would be the first be
tween Walesa and John
Paul, who has closely fol
lowed the labor unrest that
has rocked Poland since last
summer.
The pope invited Walesa to
the Vatican last September,
but the maverick organizer

postponed the visit several
times while he bargained
with Poland's Communist
party over union rights and
religious freedom.
Papal gestures and
statements will be watched
for signs of support for
Walesa and Solidarity, by far
the largest of Poland's inde
pendent unions. The pope has
taken a cautious stand on Po
land's labor troubles, defen
ding his homeland's "inde
pendence" and "auton
omy," but never publicly
mentioning Solidarity.
The Roman Catholic
church in Poland, which
claims the loyalty of about 90
percent of the nation's 35
million people, has openly
supported the independent
union movement although it
has called for calm and has
appeared to discourage ex
cessive use of walkouts.
Vatican City (AP) — Pope
John Paul II prepared to
meet with his countryman
Lech Walesa, leader of Po
land's Solidarity trade un
ion, and Italian unions
planned a hero's welcome
for the head of the Soviet
bloc's only independent la
bor movement.
Walesa was scheduled to
leave Gdansk today at the
head of a union delegation
making a week-long visit to
Rome, a Solidarity spokes
man said. The Vatican meet
ing, expected early in the
week, would be the first be
tween Walesa and John
Paul, who has closely fol
lowed the labor unrest that
has rocked Poland since last
summer.
The pope invited Walesa to
the Vatican last September,
but the maverick organizer

postponed the visit several
times while he bargained
with Poland's Communist
party over union rights and
religious freedom.
Papal gestures and
statements will be watched
for signs of support for
Walesa and Solidarity, by far
the largest of Poland's inde
pendent unions. The pope has
taken a cautious stand on Po
land's labor troubles, defen
ding his homeland's "inde
pendence" and "auton
omy," but never publicly
mentioning Solidarity.
The Roman Catholic
church in Poland, which
claims the loyalty of about 90
percent of the nation's 35
million people, has openly
supported the independent
union movement although it
has called for calm and has
appeared to discourage ex
cessive use of walkouts.
