# Commencement voices from the past
## 
### 
1988
'Just as it is true that
the resolution of
problems of race in
our society has just
begun, so it is true
that the full participa
tion of women in our
society has only just
begun to be recog
nized for the rich po
tential it will be in
making us a better
society/
1986
In order to transcend
the best, study the
humble, find those
whom television ig
nores and ignore the
easy celebrityhood
that television be
stows.'

1987
Investing in educa
tion is as critical to
the economic infra
structure of this na
tion in the 21st cen
tury as investing in
railroads was in the
19th century/
'Is this where the
dream ends? It can
end, if you wish...
But there is another
choice, one that...
this great university
... teaches you very
clearly.'


Robert Maynard


Ted Koppel


Tip O'Neill


Mario Cuomo
1988
'Just as it is true that
the resolution of
problems of race in
our society has just
begun, so it is true
that the full participa
tion of women in our
society has only just
begun to be recog
nized for the rich po
tential it will be in
making us a better
society/
1986
In order to transcend
the best, study the
humble, find those
whom television ig
nores and ignore the
easy celebrityhood
that television be
stows.'

1987
Investing in educa
tion is as critical to
the economic infra
structure of this na
tion in the 21st cen
tury as investing in
railroads was in the
19th century/
'Is this where the
dream ends? It can
end, if you wish...
But there is another
choice, one that...
this great university
... teaches you very
clearly.'


Robert Maynard


Ted Koppel


Tip O'Neill


Mario Cuomo
1988
'Just as it is true that
the resolution of
problems of race in
our society has just
begun, so it is true
that the full participa
tion of women in our
society has only just
begun to be recog
nized for the rich po
tential it will be in
making us a better
society/
1986
In order to transcend
the best, study the
humble, find those
whom television ig
nores and ignore the
easy celebrityhood
that television be
stows.'

1987
Investing in educa
tion is as critical to
the economic infra
structure of this na
tion in the 21st cen
tury as investing in
railroads was in the
19th century/
'Is this where the
dream ends? It can
end, if you wish...
But there is another
choice, one that...
this great university
... teaches you very
clearly.'


Robert Maynard


Ted Koppel


Tip O'Neill


Mario Cuomo
1988
'Just as it is true that
the resolution of
problems of race in
our society has just
begun, so it is true
that the full participa
tion of women in our
society has only just
begun to be recog
nized for the rich po
tential it will be in
making us a better
society/
1986
In order to transcend
the best, study the
humble, find those
whom television ig
nores and ignore the
easy celebrityhood
that television be
stows.'

1987
Investing in educa
tion is as critical to
the economic infra
structure of this na
tion in the 21st cen
tury as investing in
railroads was in the
19th century/
'Is this where the
dream ends? It can
end, if you wish...
But there is another
choice, one that...
this great university
... teaches you very
clearly.'


Robert Maynard


Ted Koppel


Tip O'Neill


Mario Cuomo
1988
'Just as it is true that
the resolution of
problems of race in
our society has just
begun, so it is true
that the full participa
tion of women in our
society has only just
begun to be recog
nized for the rich po
tential it will be in
making us a better
society/
1986
In order to transcend
the best, study the
humble, find those
whom television ig
nores and ignore the
easy celebrityhood
that television be
stows.'

1987
Investing in educa
tion is as critical to
the economic infra
structure of this na
tion in the 21st cen
tury as investing in
railroads was in the
19th century/
'Is this where the
dream ends? It can
end, if you wish...
But there is another
choice, one that...
this great university
... teaches you very
clearly.'


Robert Maynard


Ted Koppel


Tip O'Neill


Mario Cuomo
1988
'Just as it is true that
the resolution of
problems of race in
our society has just
begun, so it is true
that the full participa
tion of women in our
society has only just
begun to be recog
nized for the rich po
tential it will be in
making us a better
society/
1986
In order to transcend
the best, study the
humble, find those
whom television ig
nores and ignore the
easy celebrityhood
that television be
stows.'

1987
Investing in educa
tion is as critical to
the economic infra
structure of this na
tion in the 21st cen
tury as investing in
railroads was in the
19th century/
'Is this where the
dream ends? It can
end, if you wish...
But there is another
choice, one that...
this great university
... teaches you very
clearly.'


Robert Maynard


Ted Koppel


Tip O'Neill


Mario Cuomo
1988
'Just as it is true that
the resolution of
problems of race in
our society has just
begun, so it is true
that the full participa
tion of women in our
society has only just
begun to be recog
nized for the rich po
tential it will be in
making us a better
society/
1986
In order to transcend
the best, study the
humble, find those
whom television ig
nores and ignore the
easy celebrityhood
that television be
stows.'

1987
Investing in educa
tion is as critical to
the economic infra
structure of this na
tion in the 21st cen
tury as investing in
railroads was in the
19th century/
'Is this where the
dream ends? It can
end, if you wish...
But there is another
choice, one that...
this great university
... teaches you very
clearly.'


Robert Maynard


Ted Koppel


Tip O'Neill


Mario Cuomo
1988
'Just as it is true that
the resolution of
problems of race in
our society has just
begun, so it is true
that the full participa
tion of women in our
society has only just
begun to be recog
nized for the rich po
tential it will be in
making us a better
society/
1986
In order to transcend
the best, study the
humble, find those
whom television ig
nores and ignore the
easy celebrityhood
that television be
stows.'

1987
Investing in educa
tion is as critical to
the economic infra
structure of this na
tion in the 21st cen
tury as investing in
railroads was in the
19th century/
'Is this where the
dream ends? It can
end, if you wish...
But there is another
choice, one that...
this great university
... teaches you very
clearly.'


Robert Maynard


Ted Koppel


Tip O'Neill


Mario Cuomo
