# White Plaza Watch
## 
### 
Q # What's the
• most romantic
thing that anyone has
ever done for you?

"My calculus. My
girlfriend found my as
signment lying on my
bed and could tell I
was having trouble with
it. I came back to my

"He gave me a red
rose, a bottle of cham
pagne with two glasses,
and took me to an
INXS concert."
Sarah Kling
Freshman, undeclared

"Someone knitted me a
nine and a half-foot
long, thick weave, deep
purple scarf to wear on
my motorcycle."
Rich Walter
Stanford employee

"My date unexpectedly
arrived at my door in a
limousine, took me out
for dinner at the nicest
restaurant in town, and
then dancing at a great
club in the city. Nothing
like that has happened
to me in my five years
here at Stanford."
Steve Kay
Coterminal student,
sociology

has ever done
anything romantic for
me. Let's get a good
picture — maybe then
something will happen."
Gretchen Wustrack
Sophomore, VTSS




