# Untitled Article
## 
### 
PACIFIC HEAT
Ihe battle for the Pac-10 Conference title in men's
basketball continues to heat up. UCLA beat rival USC
last Saturday to keep the pressure on the Cardinal.
SPORTS/A 9

HANGOVER HELP
The Answer Girl hides the alcohol and calls Cowell to
get the scoop on hangovers. Be warned: She talks
about chemistry.
INNOVATION/B1


PACIFIC HEAT
Ihe battle for the Pac-10 Conference title in men's
basketball continues to heat up. UCLA beat rival USC
last Saturday to keep the pressure on the Cardinal.
SPORTS/A 9

HANGOVER HELP
The Answer Girl hides the alcohol and calls Cowell to
get the scoop on hangovers. Be warned: She talks
about chemistry.
INNOVATION/B1


PACIFIC HEAT
Ihe battle for the Pac-10 Conference title in men's
basketball continues to heat up. UCLA beat rival USC
last Saturday to keep the pressure on the Cardinal.
SPORTS/A 9

HANGOVER HELP
The Answer Girl hides the alcohol and calls Cowell to
get the scoop on hangovers. Be warned: She talks
about chemistry.
INNOVATION/B1


PACIFIC HEAT
Ihe battle for the Pac-10 Conference title in men's
basketball continues to heat up. UCLA beat rival USC
last Saturday to keep the pressure on the Cardinal.
SPORTS/A 9

HANGOVER HELP
The Answer Girl hides the alcohol and calls Cowell to
get the scoop on hangovers. Be warned: She talks
about chemistry.
INNOVATION/B1


PACIFIC HEAT
Ihe battle for the Pac-10 Conference title in men's
basketball continues to heat up. UCLA beat rival USC
last Saturday to keep the pressure on the Cardinal.
SPORTS/A 9

HANGOVER HELP
The Answer Girl hides the alcohol and calls Cowell to
get the scoop on hangovers. Be warned: She talks
about chemistry.
INNOVATION/B1


PACIFIC HEAT
Ihe battle for the Pac-10 Conference title in men's
basketball continues to heat up. UCLA beat rival USC
last Saturday to keep the pressure on the Cardinal.
SPORTS/A 9

HANGOVER HELP
The Answer Girl hides the alcohol and calls Cowell to
get the scoop on hangovers. Be warned: She talks
about chemistry.
INNOVATION/B1


PACIFIC HEAT
Ihe battle for the Pac-10 Conference title in men's
basketball continues to heat up. UCLA beat rival USC
last Saturday to keep the pressure on the Cardinal.
SPORTS/A 9

HANGOVER HELP
The Answer Girl hides the alcohol and calls Cowell to
get the scoop on hangovers. Be warned: She talks
about chemistry.
INNOVATION/B1


