# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Another evidence of the press cen
sorship that is exerted by the Univer
sity authorities has been made mani
fest. in the suspension recorded in an
other column of this issue. This re
striction evidently applies even in the
case where a correspondent is not the
author of the articles appearing in
metropolitan newspapers, but are
dated with University date lines. This
fact in itself is sufficient, according to
the members of the Student Affairs
Committee to warrant the suspension
of the campus correspondent if this
particular article does not coincide
with the views of the committee. The
mere fact that the article was not
written by the correspondent makes
no difference, —he is still responsible
for the city office's action. It has be
come a well known fact that the edi
tors of the local publications cannot,
with even a limited degree of freedom,
express either their opinions or the
sentiments of the Student Hody upon
certain subjects. Such topics are ab
solutely censored and any reference
to them in a manner which voices the
sincere attitude of the students, but
which does not meet with Faculty ap
proval, places the editor within the
pale of the authority of the Student
Affairs Committee. Under such condi

lions a free discussion of subjects af
fecting the relations of the Faculty
and students is impossible. The local
publications are under direct super
vision of this individual committee, t>
situation which savors much of high
school conditions. This is a lament
able situation in a university such a3
Stanford, striving as we are at tho
present for a coser relation between
Facuty and Student liody and in 'in
institution standing for a broad view
of such relations.
Another evidence of the press cen
sorship that is exerted by the Univer
sity authorities has been made mani
fest. in the suspension recorded in an
other column of this issue. This re
striction evidently applies even in the
case where a correspondent is not the
author of the articles appearing in
metropolitan newspapers, but are
dated with University date lines. This
fact in itself is sufficient, according to
the members of the Student Affairs
Committee to warrant the suspension
of the campus correspondent if this
particular article does not coincide
with the views of the committee. The
mere fact that the article was not
written by the correspondent makes
no difference, —he is still responsible
for the city office's action. It has be
come a well known fact that the edi
tors of the local publications cannot,
with even a limited degree of freedom,
express either their opinions or the
sentiments of the Student Hody upon
certain subjects. Such topics are ab
solutely censored and any reference
to them in a manner which voices the
sincere attitude of the students, but
which does not meet with Faculty ap
proval, places the editor within the
pale of the authority of the Student
Affairs Committee. Under such condi

lions a free discussion of subjects af
fecting the relations of the Faculty
and students is impossible. The local
publications are under direct super
vision of this individual committee, t>
situation which savors much of high
school conditions. This is a lament
able situation in a university such a3
Stanford, striving as we are at tho
present for a coser relation between
Facuty and Student liody and in 'in
institution standing for a broad view
of such relations.
Another evidence of the press cen
sorship that is exerted by the Univer
sity authorities has been made mani
fest. in the suspension recorded in an
other column of this issue. This re
striction evidently applies even in the
case where a correspondent is not the
author of the articles appearing in
metropolitan newspapers, but are
dated with University date lines. This
fact in itself is sufficient, according to
the members of the Student Affairs
Committee to warrant the suspension
of the campus correspondent if this
particular article does not coincide
with the views of the committee. The
mere fact that the article was not
written by the correspondent makes
no difference, —he is still responsible
for the city office's action. It has be
come a well known fact that the edi
tors of the local publications cannot,
with even a limited degree of freedom,
express either their opinions or the
sentiments of the Student Hody upon
certain subjects. Such topics are ab
solutely censored and any reference
to them in a manner which voices the
sincere attitude of the students, but
which does not meet with Faculty ap
proval, places the editor within the
pale of the authority of the Student
Affairs Committee. Under such condi

lions a free discussion of subjects af
fecting the relations of the Faculty
and students is impossible. The local
publications are under direct super
vision of this individual committee, t>
situation which savors much of high
school conditions. This is a lament
able situation in a university such a3
Stanford, striving as we are at tho
present for a coser relation between
Facuty and Student liody and in 'in
institution standing for a broad view
of such relations.
Another evidence of the press cen
sorship that is exerted by the Univer
sity authorities has been made mani
fest. in the suspension recorded in an
other column of this issue. This re
striction evidently applies even in the
case where a correspondent is not the
author of the articles appearing in
metropolitan newspapers, but are
dated with University date lines. This
fact in itself is sufficient, according to
the members of the Student Affairs
Committee to warrant the suspension
of the campus correspondent if this
particular article does not coincide
with the views of the committee. The
mere fact that the article was not
written by the correspondent makes
no difference, —he is still responsible
for the city office's action. It has be
come a well known fact that the edi
tors of the local publications cannot,
with even a limited degree of freedom,
express either their opinions or the
sentiments of the Student Hody upon
certain subjects. Such topics are ab
solutely censored and any reference
to them in a manner which voices the
sincere attitude of the students, but
which does not meet with Faculty ap
proval, places the editor within the
pale of the authority of the Student
Affairs Committee. Under such condi

lions a free discussion of subjects af
fecting the relations of the Faculty
and students is impossible. The local
publications are under direct super
vision of this individual committee, t>
situation which savors much of high
school conditions. This is a lament
able situation in a university such a3
Stanford, striving as we are at tho
present for a coser relation between
Facuty and Student liody and in 'in
institution standing for a broad view
of such relations.
Another evidence of the press cen
sorship that is exerted by the Univer
sity authorities has been made mani
fest. in the suspension recorded in an
other column of this issue. This re
striction evidently applies even in the
case where a correspondent is not the
author of the articles appearing in
metropolitan newspapers, but are
dated with University date lines. This
fact in itself is sufficient, according to
the members of the Student Affairs
Committee to warrant the suspension
of the campus correspondent if this
particular article does not coincide
with the views of the committee. The
mere fact that the article was not
written by the correspondent makes
no difference, —he is still responsible
for the city office's action. It has be
come a well known fact that the edi
tors of the local publications cannot,
with even a limited degree of freedom,
express either their opinions or the
sentiments of the Student Hody upon
certain subjects. Such topics are ab
solutely censored and any reference
to them in a manner which voices the
sincere attitude of the students, but
which does not meet with Faculty ap
proval, places the editor within the
pale of the authority of the Student
Affairs Committee. Under such condi

lions a free discussion of subjects af
fecting the relations of the Faculty
and students is impossible. The local
publications are under direct super
vision of this individual committee, t>
situation which savors much of high
school conditions. This is a lament
able situation in a university such a3
Stanford, striving as we are at tho
present for a coser relation between
Facuty and Student liody and in 'in
institution standing for a broad view
of such relations.
Another evidence of the press cen
sorship that is exerted by the Univer
sity authorities has been made mani
fest. in the suspension recorded in an
other column of this issue. This re
striction evidently applies even in the
case where a correspondent is not the
author of the articles appearing in
metropolitan newspapers, but are
dated with University date lines. This
fact in itself is sufficient, according to
the members of the Student Affairs
Committee to warrant the suspension
of the campus correspondent if this
particular article does not coincide
with the views of the committee. The
mere fact that the article was not
written by the correspondent makes
no difference, —he is still responsible
for the city office's action. It has be
come a well known fact that the edi
tors of the local publications cannot,
with even a limited degree of freedom,
express either their opinions or the
sentiments of the Student Hody upon
certain subjects. Such topics are ab
solutely censored and any reference
to them in a manner which voices the
sincere attitude of the students, but
which does not meet with Faculty ap
proval, places the editor within the
pale of the authority of the Student
Affairs Committee. Under such condi

lions a free discussion of subjects af
fecting the relations of the Faculty
and students is impossible. The local
publications are under direct super
vision of this individual committee, t>
situation which savors much of high
school conditions. This is a lament
able situation in a university such a3
Stanford, striving as we are at tho
present for a coser relation between
Facuty and Student liody and in 'in
institution standing for a broad view
of such relations.
Another evidence of the press cen
sorship that is exerted by the Univer
sity authorities has been made mani
fest. in the suspension recorded in an
other column of this issue. This re
striction evidently applies even in the
case where a correspondent is not the
author of the articles appearing in
metropolitan newspapers, but are
dated with University date lines. This
fact in itself is sufficient, according to
the members of the Student Affairs
Committee to warrant the suspension
of the campus correspondent if this
particular article does not coincide
with the views of the committee. The
mere fact that the article was not
written by the correspondent makes
no difference, —he is still responsible
for the city office's action. It has be
come a well known fact that the edi
tors of the local publications cannot,
with even a limited degree of freedom,
express either their opinions or the
sentiments of the Student Hody upon
certain subjects. Such topics are ab
solutely censored and any reference
to them in a manner which voices the
sincere attitude of the students, but
which does not meet with Faculty ap
proval, places the editor within the
pale of the authority of the Student
Affairs Committee. Under such condi

lions a free discussion of subjects af
fecting the relations of the Faculty
and students is impossible. The local
publications are under direct super
vision of this individual committee, t>
situation which savors much of high
school conditions. This is a lament
able situation in a university such a3
Stanford, striving as we are at tho
present for a coser relation between
Facuty and Student liody and in 'in
institution standing for a broad view
of such relations.
Another evidence of the press cen
sorship that is exerted by the Univer
sity authorities has been made mani
fest. in the suspension recorded in an
other column of this issue. This re
striction evidently applies even in the
case where a correspondent is not the
author of the articles appearing in
metropolitan newspapers, but are
dated with University date lines. This
fact in itself is sufficient, according to
the members of the Student Affairs
Committee to warrant the suspension
of the campus correspondent if this
particular article does not coincide
with the views of the committee. The
mere fact that the article was not
written by the correspondent makes
no difference, —he is still responsible
for the city office's action. It has be
come a well known fact that the edi
tors of the local publications cannot,
with even a limited degree of freedom,
express either their opinions or the
sentiments of the Student Hody upon
certain subjects. Such topics are ab
solutely censored and any reference
to them in a manner which voices the
sincere attitude of the students, but
which does not meet with Faculty ap
proval, places the editor within the
pale of the authority of the Student
Affairs Committee. Under such condi

lions a free discussion of subjects af
fecting the relations of the Faculty
and students is impossible. The local
publications are under direct super
vision of this individual committee, t>
situation which savors much of high
school conditions. This is a lament
able situation in a university such a3
Stanford, striving as we are at tho
present for a coser relation between
Facuty and Student liody and in 'in
institution standing for a broad view
of such relations.
Another evidence of the press cen
sorship that is exerted by the Univer
sity authorities has been made mani
fest. in the suspension recorded in an
other column of this issue. This re
striction evidently applies even in the
case where a correspondent is not the
author of the articles appearing in
metropolitan newspapers, but are
dated with University date lines. This
fact in itself is sufficient, according to
the members of the Student Affairs
Committee to warrant the suspension
of the campus correspondent if this
particular article does not coincide
with the views of the committee. The
mere fact that the article was not
written by the correspondent makes
no difference, —he is still responsible
for the city office's action. It has be
come a well known fact that the edi
tors of the local publications cannot,
with even a limited degree of freedom,
express either their opinions or the
sentiments of the Student Hody upon
certain subjects. Such topics are ab
solutely censored and any reference
to them in a manner which voices the
sincere attitude of the students, but
which does not meet with Faculty ap
proval, places the editor within the
pale of the authority of the Student
Affairs Committee. Under such condi

lions a free discussion of subjects af
fecting the relations of the Faculty
and students is impossible. The local
publications are under direct super
vision of this individual committee, t>
situation which savors much of high
school conditions. This is a lament
able situation in a university such a3
Stanford, striving as we are at tho
present for a coser relation between
Facuty and Student liody and in 'in
institution standing for a broad view
of such relations.
Another evidence of the press cen
sorship that is exerted by the Univer
sity authorities has been made mani
fest. in the suspension recorded in an
other column of this issue. This re
striction evidently applies even in the
case where a correspondent is not the
author of the articles appearing in
metropolitan newspapers, but are
dated with University date lines. This
fact in itself is sufficient, according to
the members of the Student Affairs
Committee to warrant the suspension
of the campus correspondent if this
particular article does not coincide
with the views of the committee. The
mere fact that the article was not
written by the correspondent makes
no difference, —he is still responsible
for the city office's action. It has be
come a well known fact that the edi
tors of the local publications cannot,
with even a limited degree of freedom,
express either their opinions or the
sentiments of the Student Hody upon
certain subjects. Such topics are ab
solutely censored and any reference
to them in a manner which voices the
sincere attitude of the students, but
which does not meet with Faculty ap
proval, places the editor within the
pale of the authority of the Student
Affairs Committee. Under such condi

lions a free discussion of subjects af
fecting the relations of the Faculty
and students is impossible. The local
publications are under direct super
vision of this individual committee, t>
situation which savors much of high
school conditions. This is a lament
able situation in a university such a3
Stanford, striving as we are at tho
present for a coser relation between
Facuty and Student liody and in 'in
institution standing for a broad view
of such relations.
Another evidence of the press cen
sorship that is exerted by the Univer
sity authorities has been made mani
fest. in the suspension recorded in an
other column of this issue. This re
striction evidently applies even in the
case where a correspondent is not the
author of the articles appearing in
metropolitan newspapers, but are
dated with University date lines. This
fact in itself is sufficient, according to
the members of the Student Affairs
Committee to warrant the suspension
of the campus correspondent if this
particular article does not coincide
with the views of the committee. The
mere fact that the article was not
written by the correspondent makes
no difference, —he is still responsible
for the city office's action. It has be
come a well known fact that the edi
tors of the local publications cannot,
with even a limited degree of freedom,
express either their opinions or the
sentiments of the Student Hody upon
certain subjects. Such topics are ab
solutely censored and any reference
to them in a manner which voices the
sincere attitude of the students, but
which does not meet with Faculty ap
proval, places the editor within the
pale of the authority of the Student
Affairs Committee. Under such condi

lions a free discussion of subjects af
fecting the relations of the Faculty
and students is impossible. The local
publications are under direct super
vision of this individual committee, t>
situation which savors much of high
school conditions. This is a lament
able situation in a university such a3
Stanford, striving as we are at tho
present for a coser relation between
Facuty and Student liody and in 'in
institution standing for a broad view
of such relations.
