# Sharp to Address New Deseret Club
## 
### 
Dr. Stanley L. Sharp, instructor
in German, will discuss his recent
trip through Europe at a meeting of
the newly organized Deseret Club
Friday night at 7:30 o'clock in the
vestry of the Stanford chapel. His
talk w;l! be illustrated with motion
pictures
The Deseret Club was organized
two weeks ago with Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood, chaplain, as its adviser.
The club is open to all students and
alumni from Utah, and has been
organized to enable them to become
better acquainted with each other
and tha» campus.
The officers are R. B. Keeler,
president; LeGrande Woolley, first
vice-president; Helen Ann Young,
second vice-president; David Sal
mon, secretary-treasurer; Mrs. Myra
Thulin, membership chairman; and
Mrs. Eva Pinkerton, special coun
sellor.
Dr. Stanley L. Sharp, instructor
in German, will discuss his recent
trip through Europe at a meeting of
the newly organized Deseret Club
Friday night at 7:30 o'clock in the
vestry of the Stanford chapel. His
talk w;l! be illustrated with motion
pictures
The Deseret Club was organized
two weeks ago with Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood, chaplain, as its adviser.
The club is open to all students and
alumni from Utah, and has been
organized to enable them to become
better acquainted with each other
and tha» campus.
The officers are R. B. Keeler,
president; LeGrande Woolley, first
vice-president; Helen Ann Young,
second vice-president; David Sal
mon, secretary-treasurer; Mrs. Myra
Thulin, membership chairman; and
Mrs. Eva Pinkerton, special coun
sellor.
Dr. Stanley L. Sharp, instructor
in German, will discuss his recent
trip through Europe at a meeting of
the newly organized Deseret Club
Friday night at 7:30 o'clock in the
vestry of the Stanford chapel. His
talk w;l! be illustrated with motion
pictures
The Deseret Club was organized
two weeks ago with Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood, chaplain, as its adviser.
The club is open to all students and
alumni from Utah, and has been
organized to enable them to become
better acquainted with each other
and tha» campus.
The officers are R. B. Keeler,
president; LeGrande Woolley, first
vice-president; Helen Ann Young,
second vice-president; David Sal
mon, secretary-treasurer; Mrs. Myra
Thulin, membership chairman; and
Mrs. Eva Pinkerton, special coun
sellor.
Dr. Stanley L. Sharp, instructor
in German, will discuss his recent
trip through Europe at a meeting of
the newly organized Deseret Club
Friday night at 7:30 o'clock in the
vestry of the Stanford chapel. His
talk w;l! be illustrated with motion
pictures
The Deseret Club was organized
two weeks ago with Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood, chaplain, as its adviser.
The club is open to all students and
alumni from Utah, and has been
organized to enable them to become
better acquainted with each other
and tha» campus.
The officers are R. B. Keeler,
president; LeGrande Woolley, first
vice-president; Helen Ann Young,
second vice-president; David Sal
mon, secretary-treasurer; Mrs. Myra
Thulin, membership chairman; and
Mrs. Eva Pinkerton, special coun
sellor.
Dr. Stanley L. Sharp, instructor
in German, will discuss his recent
trip through Europe at a meeting of
the newly organized Deseret Club
Friday night at 7:30 o'clock in the
vestry of the Stanford chapel. His
talk w;l! be illustrated with motion
pictures
The Deseret Club was organized
two weeks ago with Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood, chaplain, as its adviser.
The club is open to all students and
alumni from Utah, and has been
organized to enable them to become
better acquainted with each other
and tha» campus.
The officers are R. B. Keeler,
president; LeGrande Woolley, first
vice-president; Helen Ann Young,
second vice-president; David Sal
mon, secretary-treasurer; Mrs. Myra
Thulin, membership chairman; and
Mrs. Eva Pinkerton, special coun
sellor.
Dr. Stanley L. Sharp, instructor
in German, will discuss his recent
trip through Europe at a meeting of
the newly organized Deseret Club
Friday night at 7:30 o'clock in the
vestry of the Stanford chapel. His
talk w;l! be illustrated with motion
pictures
The Deseret Club was organized
two weeks ago with Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood, chaplain, as its adviser.
The club is open to all students and
alumni from Utah, and has been
organized to enable them to become
better acquainted with each other
and tha» campus.
The officers are R. B. Keeler,
president; LeGrande Woolley, first
vice-president; Helen Ann Young,
second vice-president; David Sal
mon, secretary-treasurer; Mrs. Myra
Thulin, membership chairman; and
Mrs. Eva Pinkerton, special coun
sellor.
Dr. Stanley L. Sharp, instructor
in German, will discuss his recent
trip through Europe at a meeting of
the newly organized Deseret Club
Friday night at 7:30 o'clock in the
vestry of the Stanford chapel. His
talk w;l! be illustrated with motion
pictures
The Deseret Club was organized
two weeks ago with Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood, chaplain, as its adviser.
The club is open to all students and
alumni from Utah, and has been
organized to enable them to become
better acquainted with each other
and tha» campus.
The officers are R. B. Keeler,
president; LeGrande Woolley, first
vice-president; Helen Ann Young,
second vice-president; David Sal
mon, secretary-treasurer; Mrs. Myra
Thulin, membership chairman; and
Mrs. Eva Pinkerton, special coun
sellor.
Dr. Stanley L. Sharp, instructor
in German, will discuss his recent
trip through Europe at a meeting of
the newly organized Deseret Club
Friday night at 7:30 o'clock in the
vestry of the Stanford chapel. His
talk w;l! be illustrated with motion
pictures
The Deseret Club was organized
two weeks ago with Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood, chaplain, as its adviser.
The club is open to all students and
alumni from Utah, and has been
organized to enable them to become
better acquainted with each other
and tha» campus.
The officers are R. B. Keeler,
president; LeGrande Woolley, first
vice-president; Helen Ann Young,
second vice-president; David Sal
mon, secretary-treasurer; Mrs. Myra
Thulin, membership chairman; and
Mrs. Eva Pinkerton, special coun
sellor.
Dr. Stanley L. Sharp, instructor
in German, will discuss his recent
trip through Europe at a meeting of
the newly organized Deseret Club
Friday night at 7:30 o'clock in the
vestry of the Stanford chapel. His
talk w;l! be illustrated with motion
pictures
The Deseret Club was organized
two weeks ago with Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood, chaplain, as its adviser.
The club is open to all students and
alumni from Utah, and has been
organized to enable them to become
better acquainted with each other
and tha» campus.
The officers are R. B. Keeler,
president; LeGrande Woolley, first
vice-president; Helen Ann Young,
second vice-president; David Sal
mon, secretary-treasurer; Mrs. Myra
Thulin, membership chairman; and
Mrs. Eva Pinkerton, special coun
sellor.
Dr. Stanley L. Sharp, instructor
in German, will discuss his recent
trip through Europe at a meeting of
the newly organized Deseret Club
Friday night at 7:30 o'clock in the
vestry of the Stanford chapel. His
talk w;l! be illustrated with motion
pictures
The Deseret Club was organized
two weeks ago with Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood, chaplain, as its adviser.
The club is open to all students and
alumni from Utah, and has been
organized to enable them to become
better acquainted with each other
and tha» campus.
The officers are R. B. Keeler,
president; LeGrande Woolley, first
vice-president; Helen Ann Young,
second vice-president; David Sal
mon, secretary-treasurer; Mrs. Myra
Thulin, membership chairman; and
Mrs. Eva Pinkerton, special coun
sellor.
Dr. Stanley L. Sharp, instructor
in German, will discuss his recent
trip through Europe at a meeting of
the newly organized Deseret Club
Friday night at 7:30 o'clock in the
vestry of the Stanford chapel. His
talk w;l! be illustrated with motion
pictures
The Deseret Club was organized
two weeks ago with Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood, chaplain, as its adviser.
The club is open to all students and
alumni from Utah, and has been
organized to enable them to become
better acquainted with each other
and tha» campus.
The officers are R. B. Keeler,
president; LeGrande Woolley, first
vice-president; Helen Ann Young,
second vice-president; David Sal
mon, secretary-treasurer; Mrs. Myra
Thulin, membership chairman; and
Mrs. Eva Pinkerton, special coun
sellor.
Dr. Stanley L. Sharp, instructor
in German, will discuss his recent
trip through Europe at a meeting of
the newly organized Deseret Club
Friday night at 7:30 o'clock in the
vestry of the Stanford chapel. His
talk w;l! be illustrated with motion
pictures
The Deseret Club was organized
two weeks ago with Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood, chaplain, as its adviser.
The club is open to all students and
alumni from Utah, and has been
organized to enable them to become
better acquainted with each other
and tha» campus.
The officers are R. B. Keeler,
president; LeGrande Woolley, first
vice-president; Helen Ann Young,
second vice-president; David Sal
mon, secretary-treasurer; Mrs. Myra
Thulin, membership chairman; and
Mrs. Eva Pinkerton, special coun
sellor.
Dr. Stanley L. Sharp, instructor
in German, will discuss his recent
trip through Europe at a meeting of
the newly organized Deseret Club
Friday night at 7:30 o'clock in the
vestry of the Stanford chapel. His
talk w;l! be illustrated with motion
pictures
The Deseret Club was organized
two weeks ago with Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood, chaplain, as its adviser.
The club is open to all students and
alumni from Utah, and has been
organized to enable them to become
better acquainted with each other
and tha» campus.
The officers are R. B. Keeler,
president; LeGrande Woolley, first
vice-president; Helen Ann Young,
second vice-president; David Sal
mon, secretary-treasurer; Mrs. Myra
Thulin, membership chairman; and
Mrs. Eva Pinkerton, special coun
sellor.
Dr. Stanley L. Sharp, instructor
in German, will discuss his recent
trip through Europe at a meeting of
the newly organized Deseret Club
Friday night at 7:30 o'clock in the
vestry of the Stanford chapel. His
talk w;l! be illustrated with motion
pictures
The Deseret Club was organized
two weeks ago with Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood, chaplain, as its adviser.
The club is open to all students and
alumni from Utah, and has been
organized to enable them to become
better acquainted with each other
and tha» campus.
The officers are R. B. Keeler,
president; LeGrande Woolley, first
vice-president; Helen Ann Young,
second vice-president; David Sal
mon, secretary-treasurer; Mrs. Myra
Thulin, membership chairman; and
Mrs. Eva Pinkerton, special coun
sellor.
Dr. Stanley L. Sharp, instructor
in German, will discuss his recent
trip through Europe at a meeting of
the newly organized Deseret Club
Friday night at 7:30 o'clock in the
vestry of the Stanford chapel. His
talk w;l! be illustrated with motion
pictures
The Deseret Club was organized
two weeks ago with Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood, chaplain, as its adviser.
The club is open to all students and
alumni from Utah, and has been
organized to enable them to become
better acquainted with each other
and tha» campus.
The officers are R. B. Keeler,
president; LeGrande Woolley, first
vice-president; Helen Ann Young,
second vice-president; David Sal
mon, secretary-treasurer; Mrs. Myra
Thulin, membership chairman; and
Mrs. Eva Pinkerton, special coun
sellor.
Dr. Stanley L. Sharp, instructor
in German, will discuss his recent
trip through Europe at a meeting of
the newly organized Deseret Club
Friday night at 7:30 o'clock in the
vestry of the Stanford chapel. His
talk w;l! be illustrated with motion
pictures
The Deseret Club was organized
two weeks ago with Dr. D. Elton
Trueblood, chaplain, as its adviser.
The club is open to all students and
alumni from Utah, and has been
organized to enable them to become
better acquainted with each other
and tha» campus.
The officers are R. B. Keeler,
president; LeGrande Woolley, first
vice-president; Helen Ann Young,
second vice-president; David Sal
mon, secretary-treasurer; Mrs. Myra
Thulin, membership chairman; and
Mrs. Eva Pinkerton, special coun
sellor.
