# LIKES GUARDS
## 
### 
Shipkey heaped special praise on
the guards, Yank Levin and Dave
Patterson, who stopped the S. C.
power plays cold. Levin in par
ticular knifed through repeatedly to
spill the Trojan plays for losses.
Bud Radditz and Wink Jones, the
tackles, were also outstanding, both
on defense and offense with their
powerful blocking and alert defen
sive play.
Shipkey singled out Burt Talcott,
right end, as his outstanding wing
man last week-end. because of the
effectiveness in which he boxed the
opposing tackle on offense, and also
because of his bust-'em-up defen
sive play. Fred Meyer, the left end,
played a steady game and made
several sparkling pass catches.
Shipkey heaped special praise on
the guards, Yank Levin and Dave
Patterson, who stopped the S. C.
power plays cold. Levin in par
ticular knifed through repeatedly to
spill the Trojan plays for losses.
Bud Radditz and Wink Jones, the
tackles, were also outstanding, both
on defense and offense with their
powerful blocking and alert defen
sive play.
Shipkey singled out Burt Talcott,
right end, as his outstanding wing
man last week-end. because of the
effectiveness in which he boxed the
opposing tackle on offense, and also
because of his bust-'em-up defen
sive play. Fred Meyer, the left end,
played a steady game and made
several sparkling pass catches.
Shipkey heaped special praise on
the guards, Yank Levin and Dave
Patterson, who stopped the S. C.
power plays cold. Levin in par
ticular knifed through repeatedly to
spill the Trojan plays for losses.
Bud Radditz and Wink Jones, the
tackles, were also outstanding, both
on defense and offense with their
powerful blocking and alert defen
sive play.
Shipkey singled out Burt Talcott,
right end, as his outstanding wing
man last week-end. because of the
effectiveness in which he boxed the
opposing tackle on offense, and also
because of his bust-'em-up defen
sive play. Fred Meyer, the left end,
played a steady game and made
several sparkling pass catches.
Shipkey heaped special praise on
the guards, Yank Levin and Dave
Patterson, who stopped the S. C.
power plays cold. Levin in par
ticular knifed through repeatedly to
spill the Trojan plays for losses.
Bud Radditz and Wink Jones, the
tackles, were also outstanding, both
on defense and offense with their
powerful blocking and alert defen
sive play.
Shipkey singled out Burt Talcott,
right end, as his outstanding wing
man last week-end. because of the
effectiveness in which he boxed the
opposing tackle on offense, and also
because of his bust-'em-up defen
sive play. Fred Meyer, the left end,
played a steady game and made
several sparkling pass catches.
Shipkey heaped special praise on
the guards, Yank Levin and Dave
Patterson, who stopped the S. C.
power plays cold. Levin in par
ticular knifed through repeatedly to
spill the Trojan plays for losses.
Bud Radditz and Wink Jones, the
tackles, were also outstanding, both
on defense and offense with their
powerful blocking and alert defen
sive play.
Shipkey singled out Burt Talcott,
right end, as his outstanding wing
man last week-end. because of the
effectiveness in which he boxed the
opposing tackle on offense, and also
because of his bust-'em-up defen
sive play. Fred Meyer, the left end,
played a steady game and made
several sparkling pass catches.
Shipkey heaped special praise on
the guards, Yank Levin and Dave
Patterson, who stopped the S. C.
power plays cold. Levin in par
ticular knifed through repeatedly to
spill the Trojan plays for losses.
Bud Radditz and Wink Jones, the
tackles, were also outstanding, both
on defense and offense with their
powerful blocking and alert defen
sive play.
Shipkey singled out Burt Talcott,
right end, as his outstanding wing
man last week-end. because of the
effectiveness in which he boxed the
opposing tackle on offense, and also
because of his bust-'em-up defen
sive play. Fred Meyer, the left end,
played a steady game and made
several sparkling pass catches.
Shipkey heaped special praise on
the guards, Yank Levin and Dave
Patterson, who stopped the S. C.
power plays cold. Levin in par
ticular knifed through repeatedly to
spill the Trojan plays for losses.
Bud Radditz and Wink Jones, the
tackles, were also outstanding, both
on defense and offense with their
powerful blocking and alert defen
sive play.
Shipkey singled out Burt Talcott,
right end, as his outstanding wing
man last week-end. because of the
effectiveness in which he boxed the
opposing tackle on offense, and also
because of his bust-'em-up defen
sive play. Fred Meyer, the left end,
played a steady game and made
several sparkling pass catches.
Shipkey heaped special praise on
the guards, Yank Levin and Dave
Patterson, who stopped the S. C.
power plays cold. Levin in par
ticular knifed through repeatedly to
spill the Trojan plays for losses.
Bud Radditz and Wink Jones, the
tackles, were also outstanding, both
on defense and offense with their
powerful blocking and alert defen
sive play.
Shipkey singled out Burt Talcott,
right end, as his outstanding wing
man last week-end. because of the
effectiveness in which he boxed the
opposing tackle on offense, and also
because of his bust-'em-up defen
sive play. Fred Meyer, the left end,
played a steady game and made
several sparkling pass catches.
Shipkey heaped special praise on
the guards, Yank Levin and Dave
Patterson, who stopped the S. C.
power plays cold. Levin in par
ticular knifed through repeatedly to
spill the Trojan plays for losses.
Bud Radditz and Wink Jones, the
tackles, were also outstanding, both
on defense and offense with their
powerful blocking and alert defen
sive play.
Shipkey singled out Burt Talcott,
right end, as his outstanding wing
man last week-end. because of the
effectiveness in which he boxed the
opposing tackle on offense, and also
because of his bust-'em-up defen
sive play. Fred Meyer, the left end,
played a steady game and made
several sparkling pass catches.
Shipkey heaped special praise on
the guards, Yank Levin and Dave
Patterson, who stopped the S. C.
power plays cold. Levin in par
ticular knifed through repeatedly to
spill the Trojan plays for losses.
Bud Radditz and Wink Jones, the
tackles, were also outstanding, both
on defense and offense with their
powerful blocking and alert defen
sive play.
Shipkey singled out Burt Talcott,
right end, as his outstanding wing
man last week-end. because of the
effectiveness in which he boxed the
opposing tackle on offense, and also
because of his bust-'em-up defen
sive play. Fred Meyer, the left end,
played a steady game and made
several sparkling pass catches.
Shipkey heaped special praise on
the guards, Yank Levin and Dave
Patterson, who stopped the S. C.
power plays cold. Levin in par
ticular knifed through repeatedly to
spill the Trojan plays for losses.
Bud Radditz and Wink Jones, the
tackles, were also outstanding, both
on defense and offense with their
powerful blocking and alert defen
sive play.
Shipkey singled out Burt Talcott,
right end, as his outstanding wing
man last week-end. because of the
effectiveness in which he boxed the
opposing tackle on offense, and also
because of his bust-'em-up defen
sive play. Fred Meyer, the left end,
played a steady game and made
several sparkling pass catches.
Shipkey heaped special praise on
the guards, Yank Levin and Dave
Patterson, who stopped the S. C.
power plays cold. Levin in par
ticular knifed through repeatedly to
spill the Trojan plays for losses.
Bud Radditz and Wink Jones, the
tackles, were also outstanding, both
on defense and offense with their
powerful blocking and alert defen
sive play.
Shipkey singled out Burt Talcott,
right end, as his outstanding wing
man last week-end. because of the
effectiveness in which he boxed the
opposing tackle on offense, and also
because of his bust-'em-up defen
sive play. Fred Meyer, the left end,
played a steady game and made
several sparkling pass catches.
Shipkey heaped special praise on
the guards, Yank Levin and Dave
Patterson, who stopped the S. C.
power plays cold. Levin in par
ticular knifed through repeatedly to
spill the Trojan plays for losses.
Bud Radditz and Wink Jones, the
tackles, were also outstanding, both
on defense and offense with their
powerful blocking and alert defen
sive play.
Shipkey singled out Burt Talcott,
right end, as his outstanding wing
man last week-end. because of the
effectiveness in which he boxed the
opposing tackle on offense, and also
because of his bust-'em-up defen
sive play. Fred Meyer, the left end,
played a steady game and made
several sparkling pass catches.
Shipkey heaped special praise on
the guards, Yank Levin and Dave
Patterson, who stopped the S. C.
power plays cold. Levin in par
ticular knifed through repeatedly to
spill the Trojan plays for losses.
Bud Radditz and Wink Jones, the
tackles, were also outstanding, both
on defense and offense with their
powerful blocking and alert defen
sive play.
Shipkey singled out Burt Talcott,
right end, as his outstanding wing
man last week-end. because of the
effectiveness in which he boxed the
opposing tackle on offense, and also
because of his bust-'em-up defen
sive play. Fred Meyer, the left end,
played a steady game and made
several sparkling pass catches.
Shipkey heaped special praise on
the guards, Yank Levin and Dave
Patterson, who stopped the S. C.
power plays cold. Levin in par
ticular knifed through repeatedly to
spill the Trojan plays for losses.
Bud Radditz and Wink Jones, the
tackles, were also outstanding, both
on defense and offense with their
powerful blocking and alert defen
sive play.
Shipkey singled out Burt Talcott,
right end, as his outstanding wing
man last week-end. because of the
effectiveness in which he boxed the
opposing tackle on offense, and also
because of his bust-'em-up defen
sive play. Fred Meyer, the left end,
played a steady game and made
several sparkling pass catches.
Shipkey heaped special praise on
the guards, Yank Levin and Dave
Patterson, who stopped the S. C.
power plays cold. Levin in par
ticular knifed through repeatedly to
spill the Trojan plays for losses.
Bud Radditz and Wink Jones, the
tackles, were also outstanding, both
on defense and offense with their
powerful blocking and alert defen
sive play.
Shipkey singled out Burt Talcott,
right end, as his outstanding wing
man last week-end. because of the
effectiveness in which he boxed the
opposing tackle on offense, and also
because of his bust-'em-up defen
sive play. Fred Meyer, the left end,
played a steady game and made
several sparkling pass catches.
