# Farm Man Wins Junior Net Title
## 
### 
Climaxing a week of brilliant ten
nis, Larry Dee playing in his first
tournament under Cardinal colors
yesterday defeated Harold Wagner of
San Francisco 6-4, 1-6, 6-3, 6-2, to
capture the Junior Championship of
the Pacific Coast at the Berkeley
Tennis Club.
Earlier in the week he and Chris
Larsen of Marin Junior College, his
doubles partner, retained their
doubles crown by defeating Harold
Wagner and Howard Morehouse.
Dee now holds the junior cham
pionship of the western part of the
United States, the Atlantic Coast,
the Pacific Coast, the Missouri Val
ley, and reached the finals of the
California and Pennsylvania state
tournaments.
Climaxing a week of brilliant ten
nis, Larry Dee playing in his first
tournament under Cardinal colors
yesterday defeated Harold Wagner of
San Francisco 6-4, 1-6, 6-3, 6-2, to
capture the Junior Championship of
the Pacific Coast at the Berkeley
Tennis Club.
Earlier in the week he and Chris
Larsen of Marin Junior College, his
doubles partner, retained their
doubles crown by defeating Harold
Wagner and Howard Morehouse.
Dee now holds the junior cham
pionship of the western part of the
United States, the Atlantic Coast,
the Pacific Coast, the Missouri Val
ley, and reached the finals of the
California and Pennsylvania state
tournaments.
Climaxing a week of brilliant ten
nis, Larry Dee playing in his first
tournament under Cardinal colors
yesterday defeated Harold Wagner of
San Francisco 6-4, 1-6, 6-3, 6-2, to
capture the Junior Championship of
the Pacific Coast at the Berkeley
Tennis Club.
Earlier in the week he and Chris
Larsen of Marin Junior College, his
doubles partner, retained their
doubles crown by defeating Harold
Wagner and Howard Morehouse.
Dee now holds the junior cham
pionship of the western part of the
United States, the Atlantic Coast,
the Pacific Coast, the Missouri Val
ley, and reached the finals of the
California and Pennsylvania state
tournaments.
Climaxing a week of brilliant ten
nis, Larry Dee playing in his first
tournament under Cardinal colors
yesterday defeated Harold Wagner of
San Francisco 6-4, 1-6, 6-3, 6-2, to
capture the Junior Championship of
the Pacific Coast at the Berkeley
Tennis Club.
Earlier in the week he and Chris
Larsen of Marin Junior College, his
doubles partner, retained their
doubles crown by defeating Harold
Wagner and Howard Morehouse.
Dee now holds the junior cham
pionship of the western part of the
United States, the Atlantic Coast,
the Pacific Coast, the Missouri Val
ley, and reached the finals of the
California and Pennsylvania state
tournaments.
Climaxing a week of brilliant ten
nis, Larry Dee playing in his first
tournament under Cardinal colors
yesterday defeated Harold Wagner of
San Francisco 6-4, 1-6, 6-3, 6-2, to
capture the Junior Championship of
the Pacific Coast at the Berkeley
Tennis Club.
Earlier in the week he and Chris
Larsen of Marin Junior College, his
doubles partner, retained their
doubles crown by defeating Harold
Wagner and Howard Morehouse.
Dee now holds the junior cham
pionship of the western part of the
United States, the Atlantic Coast,
the Pacific Coast, the Missouri Val
ley, and reached the finals of the
California and Pennsylvania state
tournaments.
Climaxing a week of brilliant ten
nis, Larry Dee playing in his first
tournament under Cardinal colors
yesterday defeated Harold Wagner of
San Francisco 6-4, 1-6, 6-3, 6-2, to
capture the Junior Championship of
the Pacific Coast at the Berkeley
Tennis Club.
Earlier in the week he and Chris
Larsen of Marin Junior College, his
doubles partner, retained their
doubles crown by defeating Harold
Wagner and Howard Morehouse.
Dee now holds the junior cham
pionship of the western part of the
United States, the Atlantic Coast,
the Pacific Coast, the Missouri Val
ley, and reached the finals of the
California and Pennsylvania state
tournaments.
Climaxing a week of brilliant ten
nis, Larry Dee playing in his first
tournament under Cardinal colors
yesterday defeated Harold Wagner of
San Francisco 6-4, 1-6, 6-3, 6-2, to
capture the Junior Championship of
the Pacific Coast at the Berkeley
Tennis Club.
Earlier in the week he and Chris
Larsen of Marin Junior College, his
doubles partner, retained their
doubles crown by defeating Harold
Wagner and Howard Morehouse.
Dee now holds the junior cham
pionship of the western part of the
United States, the Atlantic Coast,
the Pacific Coast, the Missouri Val
ley, and reached the finals of the
California and Pennsylvania state
tournaments.
Climaxing a week of brilliant ten
nis, Larry Dee playing in his first
tournament under Cardinal colors
yesterday defeated Harold Wagner of
San Francisco 6-4, 1-6, 6-3, 6-2, to
capture the Junior Championship of
the Pacific Coast at the Berkeley
Tennis Club.
Earlier in the week he and Chris
Larsen of Marin Junior College, his
doubles partner, retained their
doubles crown by defeating Harold
Wagner and Howard Morehouse.
Dee now holds the junior cham
pionship of the western part of the
United States, the Atlantic Coast,
the Pacific Coast, the Missouri Val
ley, and reached the finals of the
California and Pennsylvania state
tournaments.
Climaxing a week of brilliant ten
nis, Larry Dee playing in his first
tournament under Cardinal colors
yesterday defeated Harold Wagner of
San Francisco 6-4, 1-6, 6-3, 6-2, to
capture the Junior Championship of
the Pacific Coast at the Berkeley
Tennis Club.
Earlier in the week he and Chris
Larsen of Marin Junior College, his
doubles partner, retained their
doubles crown by defeating Harold
Wagner and Howard Morehouse.
Dee now holds the junior cham
pionship of the western part of the
United States, the Atlantic Coast,
the Pacific Coast, the Missouri Val
ley, and reached the finals of the
California and Pennsylvania state
tournaments.
Climaxing a week of brilliant ten
nis, Larry Dee playing in his first
tournament under Cardinal colors
yesterday defeated Harold Wagner of
San Francisco 6-4, 1-6, 6-3, 6-2, to
capture the Junior Championship of
the Pacific Coast at the Berkeley
Tennis Club.
Earlier in the week he and Chris
Larsen of Marin Junior College, his
doubles partner, retained their
doubles crown by defeating Harold
Wagner and Howard Morehouse.
Dee now holds the junior cham
pionship of the western part of the
United States, the Atlantic Coast,
the Pacific Coast, the Missouri Val
ley, and reached the finals of the
California and Pennsylvania state
tournaments.
Climaxing a week of brilliant ten
nis, Larry Dee playing in his first
tournament under Cardinal colors
yesterday defeated Harold Wagner of
San Francisco 6-4, 1-6, 6-3, 6-2, to
capture the Junior Championship of
the Pacific Coast at the Berkeley
Tennis Club.
Earlier in the week he and Chris
Larsen of Marin Junior College, his
doubles partner, retained their
doubles crown by defeating Harold
Wagner and Howard Morehouse.
Dee now holds the junior cham
pionship of the western part of the
United States, the Atlantic Coast,
the Pacific Coast, the Missouri Val
ley, and reached the finals of the
California and Pennsylvania state
tournaments.
Climaxing a week of brilliant ten
nis, Larry Dee playing in his first
tournament under Cardinal colors
yesterday defeated Harold Wagner of
San Francisco 6-4, 1-6, 6-3, 6-2, to
capture the Junior Championship of
the Pacific Coast at the Berkeley
Tennis Club.
Earlier in the week he and Chris
Larsen of Marin Junior College, his
doubles partner, retained their
doubles crown by defeating Harold
Wagner and Howard Morehouse.
Dee now holds the junior cham
pionship of the western part of the
United States, the Atlantic Coast,
the Pacific Coast, the Missouri Val
ley, and reached the finals of the
California and Pennsylvania state
tournaments.
Climaxing a week of brilliant ten
nis, Larry Dee playing in his first
tournament under Cardinal colors
yesterday defeated Harold Wagner of
San Francisco 6-4, 1-6, 6-3, 6-2, to
capture the Junior Championship of
the Pacific Coast at the Berkeley
Tennis Club.
Earlier in the week he and Chris
Larsen of Marin Junior College, his
doubles partner, retained their
doubles crown by defeating Harold
Wagner and Howard Morehouse.
Dee now holds the junior cham
pionship of the western part of the
United States, the Atlantic Coast,
the Pacific Coast, the Missouri Val
ley, and reached the finals of the
California and Pennsylvania state
tournaments.
Climaxing a week of brilliant ten
nis, Larry Dee playing in his first
tournament under Cardinal colors
yesterday defeated Harold Wagner of
San Francisco 6-4, 1-6, 6-3, 6-2, to
capture the Junior Championship of
the Pacific Coast at the Berkeley
Tennis Club.
Earlier in the week he and Chris
Larsen of Marin Junior College, his
doubles partner, retained their
doubles crown by defeating Harold
Wagner and Howard Morehouse.
Dee now holds the junior cham
pionship of the western part of the
United States, the Atlantic Coast,
the Pacific Coast, the Missouri Val
ley, and reached the finals of the
California and Pennsylvania state
tournaments.
Climaxing a week of brilliant ten
nis, Larry Dee playing in his first
tournament under Cardinal colors
yesterday defeated Harold Wagner of
San Francisco 6-4, 1-6, 6-3, 6-2, to
capture the Junior Championship of
the Pacific Coast at the Berkeley
Tennis Club.
Earlier in the week he and Chris
Larsen of Marin Junior College, his
doubles partner, retained their
doubles crown by defeating Harold
Wagner and Howard Morehouse.
Dee now holds the junior cham
pionship of the western part of the
United States, the Atlantic Coast,
the Pacific Coast, the Missouri Val
ley, and reached the finals of the
California and Pennsylvania state
tournaments.
Climaxing a week of brilliant ten
nis, Larry Dee playing in his first
tournament under Cardinal colors
yesterday defeated Harold Wagner of
San Francisco 6-4, 1-6, 6-3, 6-2, to
capture the Junior Championship of
the Pacific Coast at the Berkeley
Tennis Club.
Earlier in the week he and Chris
Larsen of Marin Junior College, his
doubles partner, retained their
doubles crown by defeating Harold
Wagner and Howard Morehouse.
Dee now holds the junior cham
pionship of the western part of the
United States, the Atlantic Coast,
the Pacific Coast, the Missouri Val
ley, and reached the finals of the
California and Pennsylvania state
tournaments.
