# 'Get the Nitery Habit' Tonight
## 
### 
Tonight is the night. The Nitery
is the place. From 8:30 to 11:30 is
the time. From this map, one can
easily find the newest social gather
ing place on campus, and by follow
ing the directions, he can also dis
cover the fun to be had in the rec
reation center.
In the beginning, the plan was for
all to have the dates, but it was an
nounced last night by Dodie Crile,
social coordinator of the War Board,
that the STARS wanted to become
acquainted with the Nitery and its
customs as well as the Stanford
women, and they will be present, but

without dates. In order to accom- j
plish these purposes, the dance has
been changed from a strictly date ;
affair to a jolly-up. In order to j
prove that this Stanford tradition
still exists, women have been asked j
to attend, and provide the get-ac
quainted spirit. Some living groups I
are planning to turn out 100 per
cent.
'"Get the Nitery Habit" is the slo
gan for the dance, and it is hoped ,
that everyone will turn out for the
fun. The Nitery has to take the
place of the Cellar in the social life
of the campus and there is no better |

time than tonight to get to know the
place.
Dancing to the music of new re •
cordings, ping pong and refresh -
ments (everything free) will high
light the evening and will serve to
acquaint the uninitiated with the
Nitery.
The housewarming is being spon -
sored by Cardinals, the Cally Curtis,
Cardinal member, heads the dancy
committees.
Guests have been asked to bring
old magazines, used records, and olj
ping pong balls to replenish the sup -
ply now in the Nitery.
Tonight is the night. The Nitery
is the place. From 8:30 to 11:30 is
the time. From this map, one can
easily find the newest social gather
ing place on campus, and by follow
ing the directions, he can also dis
cover the fun to be had in the rec
reation center.
In the beginning, the plan was for
all to have the dates, but it was an
nounced last night by Dodie Crile,
social coordinator of the War Board,
that the STARS wanted to become
acquainted with the Nitery and its
customs as well as the Stanford
women, and they will be present, but

without dates. In order to accom- j
plish these purposes, the dance has
been changed from a strictly date ;
affair to a jolly-up. In order to j
prove that this Stanford tradition
still exists, women have been asked j
to attend, and provide the get-ac
quainted spirit. Some living groups I
are planning to turn out 100 per
cent.
'"Get the Nitery Habit" is the slo
gan for the dance, and it is hoped ,
that everyone will turn out for the
fun. The Nitery has to take the
place of the Cellar in the social life
of the campus and there is no better |

time than tonight to get to know the
place.
Dancing to the music of new re •
cordings, ping pong and refresh -
ments (everything free) will high
light the evening and will serve to
acquaint the uninitiated with the
Nitery.
The housewarming is being spon -
sored by Cardinals, the Cally Curtis,
Cardinal member, heads the dancy
committees.
Guests have been asked to bring
old magazines, used records, and olj
ping pong balls to replenish the sup -
ply now in the Nitery.
Tonight is the night. The Nitery
is the place. From 8:30 to 11:30 is
the time. From this map, one can
easily find the newest social gather
ing place on campus, and by follow
ing the directions, he can also dis
cover the fun to be had in the rec
reation center.
In the beginning, the plan was for
all to have the dates, but it was an
nounced last night by Dodie Crile,
social coordinator of the War Board,
that the STARS wanted to become
acquainted with the Nitery and its
customs as well as the Stanford
women, and they will be present, but

without dates. In order to accom- j
plish these purposes, the dance has
been changed from a strictly date ;
affair to a jolly-up. In order to j
prove that this Stanford tradition
still exists, women have been asked j
to attend, and provide the get-ac
quainted spirit. Some living groups I
are planning to turn out 100 per
cent.
'"Get the Nitery Habit" is the slo
gan for the dance, and it is hoped ,
that everyone will turn out for the
fun. The Nitery has to take the
place of the Cellar in the social life
of the campus and there is no better |

time than tonight to get to know the
place.
Dancing to the music of new re •
cordings, ping pong and refresh -
ments (everything free) will high
light the evening and will serve to
acquaint the uninitiated with the
Nitery.
The housewarming is being spon -
sored by Cardinals, the Cally Curtis,
Cardinal member, heads the dancy
committees.
Guests have been asked to bring
old magazines, used records, and olj
ping pong balls to replenish the sup -
ply now in the Nitery.
Tonight is the night. The Nitery
is the place. From 8:30 to 11:30 is
the time. From this map, one can
easily find the newest social gather
ing place on campus, and by follow
ing the directions, he can also dis
cover the fun to be had in the rec
reation center.
In the beginning, the plan was for
all to have the dates, but it was an
nounced last night by Dodie Crile,
social coordinator of the War Board,
that the STARS wanted to become
acquainted with the Nitery and its
customs as well as the Stanford
women, and they will be present, but

without dates. In order to accom- j
plish these purposes, the dance has
been changed from a strictly date ;
affair to a jolly-up. In order to j
prove that this Stanford tradition
still exists, women have been asked j
to attend, and provide the get-ac
quainted spirit. Some living groups I
are planning to turn out 100 per
cent.
'"Get the Nitery Habit" is the slo
gan for the dance, and it is hoped ,
that everyone will turn out for the
fun. The Nitery has to take the
place of the Cellar in the social life
of the campus and there is no better |

time than tonight to get to know the
place.
Dancing to the music of new re •
cordings, ping pong and refresh -
ments (everything free) will high
light the evening and will serve to
acquaint the uninitiated with the
Nitery.
The housewarming is being spon -
sored by Cardinals, the Cally Curtis,
Cardinal member, heads the dancy
committees.
Guests have been asked to bring
old magazines, used records, and olj
ping pong balls to replenish the sup -
ply now in the Nitery.
Tonight is the night. The Nitery
is the place. From 8:30 to 11:30 is
the time. From this map, one can
easily find the newest social gather
ing place on campus, and by follow
ing the directions, he can also dis
cover the fun to be had in the rec
reation center.
In the beginning, the plan was for
all to have the dates, but it was an
nounced last night by Dodie Crile,
social coordinator of the War Board,
that the STARS wanted to become
acquainted with the Nitery and its
customs as well as the Stanford
women, and they will be present, but

without dates. In order to accom- j
plish these purposes, the dance has
been changed from a strictly date ;
affair to a jolly-up. In order to j
prove that this Stanford tradition
still exists, women have been asked j
to attend, and provide the get-ac
quainted spirit. Some living groups I
are planning to turn out 100 per
cent.
'"Get the Nitery Habit" is the slo
gan for the dance, and it is hoped ,
that everyone will turn out for the
fun. The Nitery has to take the
place of the Cellar in the social life
of the campus and there is no better |

time than tonight to get to know the
place.
Dancing to the music of new re •
cordings, ping pong and refresh -
ments (everything free) will high
light the evening and will serve to
acquaint the uninitiated with the
Nitery.
The housewarming is being spon -
sored by Cardinals, the Cally Curtis,
Cardinal member, heads the dancy
committees.
Guests have been asked to bring
old magazines, used records, and olj
ping pong balls to replenish the sup -
ply now in the Nitery.
Tonight is the night. The Nitery
is the place. From 8:30 to 11:30 is
the time. From this map, one can
easily find the newest social gather
ing place on campus, and by follow
ing the directions, he can also dis
cover the fun to be had in the rec
reation center.
In the beginning, the plan was for
all to have the dates, but it was an
nounced last night by Dodie Crile,
social coordinator of the War Board,
that the STARS wanted to become
acquainted with the Nitery and its
customs as well as the Stanford
women, and they will be present, but

without dates. In order to accom- j
plish these purposes, the dance has
been changed from a strictly date ;
affair to a jolly-up. In order to j
prove that this Stanford tradition
still exists, women have been asked j
to attend, and provide the get-ac
quainted spirit. Some living groups I
are planning to turn out 100 per
cent.
'"Get the Nitery Habit" is the slo
gan for the dance, and it is hoped ,
that everyone will turn out for the
fun. The Nitery has to take the
place of the Cellar in the social life
of the campus and there is no better |

time than tonight to get to know the
place.
Dancing to the music of new re •
cordings, ping pong and refresh -
ments (everything free) will high
light the evening and will serve to
acquaint the uninitiated with the
Nitery.
The housewarming is being spon -
sored by Cardinals, the Cally Curtis,
Cardinal member, heads the dancy
committees.
Guests have been asked to bring
old magazines, used records, and olj
ping pong balls to replenish the sup -
ply now in the Nitery.
Tonight is the night. The Nitery
is the place. From 8:30 to 11:30 is
the time. From this map, one can
easily find the newest social gather
ing place on campus, and by follow
ing the directions, he can also dis
cover the fun to be had in the rec
reation center.
In the beginning, the plan was for
all to have the dates, but it was an
nounced last night by Dodie Crile,
social coordinator of the War Board,
that the STARS wanted to become
acquainted with the Nitery and its
customs as well as the Stanford
women, and they will be present, but

without dates. In order to accom- j
plish these purposes, the dance has
been changed from a strictly date ;
affair to a jolly-up. In order to j
prove that this Stanford tradition
still exists, women have been asked j
to attend, and provide the get-ac
quainted spirit. Some living groups I
are planning to turn out 100 per
cent.
'"Get the Nitery Habit" is the slo
gan for the dance, and it is hoped ,
that everyone will turn out for the
fun. The Nitery has to take the
place of the Cellar in the social life
of the campus and there is no better |

time than tonight to get to know the
place.
Dancing to the music of new re •
cordings, ping pong and refresh -
ments (everything free) will high
light the evening and will serve to
acquaint the uninitiated with the
Nitery.
The housewarming is being spon -
sored by Cardinals, the Cally Curtis,
Cardinal member, heads the dancy
committees.
Guests have been asked to bring
old magazines, used records, and olj
ping pong balls to replenish the sup -
ply now in the Nitery.
Tonight is the night. The Nitery
is the place. From 8:30 to 11:30 is
the time. From this map, one can
easily find the newest social gather
ing place on campus, and by follow
ing the directions, he can also dis
cover the fun to be had in the rec
reation center.
In the beginning, the plan was for
all to have the dates, but it was an
nounced last night by Dodie Crile,
social coordinator of the War Board,
that the STARS wanted to become
acquainted with the Nitery and its
customs as well as the Stanford
women, and they will be present, but

without dates. In order to accom- j
plish these purposes, the dance has
been changed from a strictly date ;
affair to a jolly-up. In order to j
prove that this Stanford tradition
still exists, women have been asked j
to attend, and provide the get-ac
quainted spirit. Some living groups I
are planning to turn out 100 per
cent.
'"Get the Nitery Habit" is the slo
gan for the dance, and it is hoped ,
that everyone will turn out for the
fun. The Nitery has to take the
place of the Cellar in the social life
of the campus and there is no better |

time than tonight to get to know the
place.
Dancing to the music of new re •
cordings, ping pong and refresh -
ments (everything free) will high
light the evening and will serve to
acquaint the uninitiated with the
Nitery.
The housewarming is being spon -
sored by Cardinals, the Cally Curtis,
Cardinal member, heads the dancy
committees.
Guests have been asked to bring
old magazines, used records, and olj
ping pong balls to replenish the sup -
ply now in the Nitery.
Tonight is the night. The Nitery
is the place. From 8:30 to 11:30 is
the time. From this map, one can
easily find the newest social gather
ing place on campus, and by follow
ing the directions, he can also dis
cover the fun to be had in the rec
reation center.
In the beginning, the plan was for
all to have the dates, but it was an
nounced last night by Dodie Crile,
social coordinator of the War Board,
that the STARS wanted to become
acquainted with the Nitery and its
customs as well as the Stanford
women, and they will be present, but

without dates. In order to accom- j
plish these purposes, the dance has
been changed from a strictly date ;
affair to a jolly-up. In order to j
prove that this Stanford tradition
still exists, women have been asked j
to attend, and provide the get-ac
quainted spirit. Some living groups I
are planning to turn out 100 per
cent.
'"Get the Nitery Habit" is the slo
gan for the dance, and it is hoped ,
that everyone will turn out for the
fun. The Nitery has to take the
place of the Cellar in the social life
of the campus and there is no better |

time than tonight to get to know the
place.
Dancing to the music of new re •
cordings, ping pong and refresh -
ments (everything free) will high
light the evening and will serve to
acquaint the uninitiated with the
Nitery.
The housewarming is being spon -
sored by Cardinals, the Cally Curtis,
Cardinal member, heads the dancy
committees.
Guests have been asked to bring
old magazines, used records, and olj
ping pong balls to replenish the sup -
ply now in the Nitery.
Tonight is the night. The Nitery
is the place. From 8:30 to 11:30 is
the time. From this map, one can
easily find the newest social gather
ing place on campus, and by follow
ing the directions, he can also dis
cover the fun to be had in the rec
reation center.
In the beginning, the plan was for
all to have the dates, but it was an
nounced last night by Dodie Crile,
social coordinator of the War Board,
that the STARS wanted to become
acquainted with the Nitery and its
customs as well as the Stanford
women, and they will be present, but

without dates. In order to accom- j
plish these purposes, the dance has
been changed from a strictly date ;
affair to a jolly-up. In order to j
prove that this Stanford tradition
still exists, women have been asked j
to attend, and provide the get-ac
quainted spirit. Some living groups I
are planning to turn out 100 per
cent.
'"Get the Nitery Habit" is the slo
gan for the dance, and it is hoped ,
that everyone will turn out for the
fun. The Nitery has to take the
place of the Cellar in the social life
of the campus and there is no better |

time than tonight to get to know the
place.
Dancing to the music of new re •
cordings, ping pong and refresh -
ments (everything free) will high
light the evening and will serve to
acquaint the uninitiated with the
Nitery.
The housewarming is being spon -
sored by Cardinals, the Cally Curtis,
Cardinal member, heads the dancy
committees.
Guests have been asked to bring
old magazines, used records, and olj
ping pong balls to replenish the sup -
ply now in the Nitery.
Tonight is the night. The Nitery
is the place. From 8:30 to 11:30 is
the time. From this map, one can
easily find the newest social gather
ing place on campus, and by follow
ing the directions, he can also dis
cover the fun to be had in the rec
reation center.
In the beginning, the plan was for
all to have the dates, but it was an
nounced last night by Dodie Crile,
social coordinator of the War Board,
that the STARS wanted to become
acquainted with the Nitery and its
customs as well as the Stanford
women, and they will be present, but

without dates. In order to accom- j
plish these purposes, the dance has
been changed from a strictly date ;
affair to a jolly-up. In order to j
prove that this Stanford tradition
still exists, women have been asked j
to attend, and provide the get-ac
quainted spirit. Some living groups I
are planning to turn out 100 per
cent.
'"Get the Nitery Habit" is the slo
gan for the dance, and it is hoped ,
that everyone will turn out for the
fun. The Nitery has to take the
place of the Cellar in the social life
of the campus and there is no better |

time than tonight to get to know the
place.
Dancing to the music of new re •
cordings, ping pong and refresh -
ments (everything free) will high
light the evening and will serve to
acquaint the uninitiated with the
Nitery.
The housewarming is being spon -
sored by Cardinals, the Cally Curtis,
Cardinal member, heads the dancy
committees.
Guests have been asked to bring
old magazines, used records, and olj
ping pong balls to replenish the sup -
ply now in the Nitery.
Tonight is the night. The Nitery
is the place. From 8:30 to 11:30 is
the time. From this map, one can
easily find the newest social gather
ing place on campus, and by follow
ing the directions, he can also dis
cover the fun to be had in the rec
reation center.
In the beginning, the plan was for
all to have the dates, but it was an
nounced last night by Dodie Crile,
social coordinator of the War Board,
that the STARS wanted to become
acquainted with the Nitery and its
customs as well as the Stanford
women, and they will be present, but

without dates. In order to accom- j
plish these purposes, the dance has
been changed from a strictly date ;
affair to a jolly-up. In order to j
prove that this Stanford tradition
still exists, women have been asked j
to attend, and provide the get-ac
quainted spirit. Some living groups I
are planning to turn out 100 per
cent.
'"Get the Nitery Habit" is the slo
gan for the dance, and it is hoped ,
that everyone will turn out for the
fun. The Nitery has to take the
place of the Cellar in the social life
of the campus and there is no better |

time than tonight to get to know the
place.
Dancing to the music of new re •
cordings, ping pong and refresh -
ments (everything free) will high
light the evening and will serve to
acquaint the uninitiated with the
Nitery.
The housewarming is being spon -
sored by Cardinals, the Cally Curtis,
Cardinal member, heads the dancy
committees.
Guests have been asked to bring
old magazines, used records, and olj
ping pong balls to replenish the sup -
ply now in the Nitery.
Tonight is the night. The Nitery
is the place. From 8:30 to 11:30 is
the time. From this map, one can
easily find the newest social gather
ing place on campus, and by follow
ing the directions, he can also dis
cover the fun to be had in the rec
reation center.
In the beginning, the plan was for
all to have the dates, but it was an
nounced last night by Dodie Crile,
social coordinator of the War Board,
that the STARS wanted to become
acquainted with the Nitery and its
customs as well as the Stanford
women, and they will be present, but

without dates. In order to accom- j
plish these purposes, the dance has
been changed from a strictly date ;
affair to a jolly-up. In order to j
prove that this Stanford tradition
still exists, women have been asked j
to attend, and provide the get-ac
quainted spirit. Some living groups I
are planning to turn out 100 per
cent.
'"Get the Nitery Habit" is the slo
gan for the dance, and it is hoped ,
that everyone will turn out for the
fun. The Nitery has to take the
place of the Cellar in the social life
of the campus and there is no better |

time than tonight to get to know the
place.
Dancing to the music of new re •
cordings, ping pong and refresh -
ments (everything free) will high
light the evening and will serve to
acquaint the uninitiated with the
Nitery.
The housewarming is being spon -
sored by Cardinals, the Cally Curtis,
Cardinal member, heads the dancy
committees.
Guests have been asked to bring
old magazines, used records, and olj
ping pong balls to replenish the sup -
ply now in the Nitery.
Tonight is the night. The Nitery
is the place. From 8:30 to 11:30 is
the time. From this map, one can
easily find the newest social gather
ing place on campus, and by follow
ing the directions, he can also dis
cover the fun to be had in the rec
reation center.
In the beginning, the plan was for
all to have the dates, but it was an
nounced last night by Dodie Crile,
social coordinator of the War Board,
that the STARS wanted to become
acquainted with the Nitery and its
customs as well as the Stanford
women, and they will be present, but

without dates. In order to accom- j
plish these purposes, the dance has
been changed from a strictly date ;
affair to a jolly-up. In order to j
prove that this Stanford tradition
still exists, women have been asked j
to attend, and provide the get-ac
quainted spirit. Some living groups I
are planning to turn out 100 per
cent.
'"Get the Nitery Habit" is the slo
gan for the dance, and it is hoped ,
that everyone will turn out for the
fun. The Nitery has to take the
place of the Cellar in the social life
of the campus and there is no better |

time than tonight to get to know the
place.
Dancing to the music of new re •
cordings, ping pong and refresh -
ments (everything free) will high
light the evening and will serve to
acquaint the uninitiated with the
Nitery.
The housewarming is being spon -
sored by Cardinals, the Cally Curtis,
Cardinal member, heads the dancy
committees.
Guests have been asked to bring
old magazines, used records, and olj
ping pong balls to replenish the sup -
ply now in the Nitery.
Tonight is the night. The Nitery
is the place. From 8:30 to 11:30 is
the time. From this map, one can
easily find the newest social gather
ing place on campus, and by follow
ing the directions, he can also dis
cover the fun to be had in the rec
reation center.
In the beginning, the plan was for
all to have the dates, but it was an
nounced last night by Dodie Crile,
social coordinator of the War Board,
that the STARS wanted to become
acquainted with the Nitery and its
customs as well as the Stanford
women, and they will be present, but

without dates. In order to accom- j
plish these purposes, the dance has
been changed from a strictly date ;
affair to a jolly-up. In order to j
prove that this Stanford tradition
still exists, women have been asked j
to attend, and provide the get-ac
quainted spirit. Some living groups I
are planning to turn out 100 per
cent.
'"Get the Nitery Habit" is the slo
gan for the dance, and it is hoped ,
that everyone will turn out for the
fun. The Nitery has to take the
place of the Cellar in the social life
of the campus and there is no better |

time than tonight to get to know the
place.
Dancing to the music of new re •
cordings, ping pong and refresh -
ments (everything free) will high
light the evening and will serve to
acquaint the uninitiated with the
Nitery.
The housewarming is being spon -
sored by Cardinals, the Cally Curtis,
Cardinal member, heads the dancy
committees.
Guests have been asked to bring
old magazines, used records, and olj
ping pong balls to replenish the sup -
ply now in the Nitery.
Tonight is the night. The Nitery
is the place. From 8:30 to 11:30 is
the time. From this map, one can
easily find the newest social gather
ing place on campus, and by follow
ing the directions, he can also dis
cover the fun to be had in the rec
reation center.
In the beginning, the plan was for
all to have the dates, but it was an
nounced last night by Dodie Crile,
social coordinator of the War Board,
that the STARS wanted to become
acquainted with the Nitery and its
customs as well as the Stanford
women, and they will be present, but

without dates. In order to accom- j
plish these purposes, the dance has
been changed from a strictly date ;
affair to a jolly-up. In order to j
prove that this Stanford tradition
still exists, women have been asked j
to attend, and provide the get-ac
quainted spirit. Some living groups I
are planning to turn out 100 per
cent.
'"Get the Nitery Habit" is the slo
gan for the dance, and it is hoped ,
that everyone will turn out for the
fun. The Nitery has to take the
place of the Cellar in the social life
of the campus and there is no better |

time than tonight to get to know the
place.
Dancing to the music of new re •
cordings, ping pong and refresh -
ments (everything free) will high
light the evening and will serve to
acquaint the uninitiated with the
Nitery.
The housewarming is being spon -
sored by Cardinals, the Cally Curtis,
Cardinal member, heads the dancy
committees.
Guests have been asked to bring
old magazines, used records, and olj
ping pong balls to replenish the sup -
ply now in the Nitery.
