# Untitled Article
## 
### 

The American boys get a lot of fun out of operating this makeshift service station in the New Guinea
jungle. Left to right: Corporal Evan J. McPherson, Fresno, Calif.: Corporai Irving Rosenberg, Houston,
Tex., and Corporal Howard K. Divelbliss.

The American boys get a lot of fun out of operating this makeshift service station in the New Guinea
jungle. Left to right: Corporal Evan J. McPherson, Fresno, Calif.: Corporai Irving Rosenberg, Houston,
Tex., and Corporal Howard K. Divelbliss.

The American boys get a lot of fun out of operating this makeshift service station in the New Guinea
jungle. Left to right: Corporal Evan J. McPherson, Fresno, Calif.: Corporai Irving Rosenberg, Houston,
Tex., and Corporal Howard K. Divelbliss.

The American boys get a lot of fun out of operating this makeshift service station in the New Guinea
jungle. Left to right: Corporal Evan J. McPherson, Fresno, Calif.: Corporai Irving Rosenberg, Houston,
Tex., and Corporal Howard K. Divelbliss.

The American boys get a lot of fun out of operating this makeshift service station in the New Guinea
jungle. Left to right: Corporal Evan J. McPherson, Fresno, Calif.: Corporai Irving Rosenberg, Houston,
Tex., and Corporal Howard K. Divelbliss.

The American boys get a lot of fun out of operating this makeshift service station in the New Guinea
jungle. Left to right: Corporal Evan J. McPherson, Fresno, Calif.: Corporai Irving Rosenberg, Houston,
Tex., and Corporal Howard K. Divelbliss.

The American boys get a lot of fun out of operating this makeshift service station in the New Guinea
jungle. Left to right: Corporal Evan J. McPherson, Fresno, Calif.: Corporai Irving Rosenberg, Houston,
Tex., and Corporal Howard K. Divelbliss.

The American boys get a lot of fun out of operating this makeshift service station in the New Guinea
jungle. Left to right: Corporal Evan J. McPherson, Fresno, Calif.: Corporai Irving Rosenberg, Houston,
Tex., and Corporal Howard K. Divelbliss.

The American boys get a lot of fun out of operating this makeshift service station in the New Guinea
jungle. Left to right: Corporal Evan J. McPherson, Fresno, Calif.: Corporai Irving Rosenberg, Houston,
Tex., and Corporal Howard K. Divelbliss.

The American boys get a lot of fun out of operating this makeshift service station in the New Guinea
jungle. Left to right: Corporal Evan J. McPherson, Fresno, Calif.: Corporai Irving Rosenberg, Houston,
Tex., and Corporal Howard K. Divelbliss.

The American boys get a lot of fun out of operating this makeshift service station in the New Guinea
jungle. Left to right: Corporal Evan J. McPherson, Fresno, Calif.: Corporai Irving Rosenberg, Houston,
Tex., and Corporal Howard K. Divelbliss.

The American boys get a lot of fun out of operating this makeshift service station in the New Guinea
jungle. Left to right: Corporal Evan J. McPherson, Fresno, Calif.: Corporai Irving Rosenberg, Houston,
Tex., and Corporal Howard K. Divelbliss.

The American boys get a lot of fun out of operating this makeshift service station in the New Guinea
jungle. Left to right: Corporal Evan J. McPherson, Fresno, Calif.: Corporai Irving Rosenberg, Houston,
Tex., and Corporal Howard K. Divelbliss.

The American boys get a lot of fun out of operating this makeshift service station in the New Guinea
jungle. Left to right: Corporal Evan J. McPherson, Fresno, Calif.: Corporai Irving Rosenberg, Houston,
Tex., and Corporal Howard K. Divelbliss.

The American boys get a lot of fun out of operating this makeshift service station in the New Guinea
jungle. Left to right: Corporal Evan J. McPherson, Fresno, Calif.: Corporai Irving Rosenberg, Houston,
Tex., and Corporal Howard K. Divelbliss.

The American boys get a lot of fun out of operating this makeshift service station in the New Guinea
jungle. Left to right: Corporal Evan J. McPherson, Fresno, Calif.: Corporai Irving Rosenberg, Houston,
Tex., and Corporal Howard K. Divelbliss.
