# Untitled Article
## 
### 

TOSSED FROM SKIES —American soldiers on leave for brief respite in South Sea island
discover Jap "belly tank" that had hurtled out of skies as Japs discarded it from plane.
Tank had formerly contained auxiliary supply of gasoline.

TOSSED FROM SKIES —American soldiers on leave for brief respite in South Sea island
discover Jap "belly tank" that had hurtled out of skies as Japs discarded it from plane.
Tank had formerly contained auxiliary supply of gasoline.

TOSSED FROM SKIES —American soldiers on leave for brief respite in South Sea island
discover Jap "belly tank" that had hurtled out of skies as Japs discarded it from plane.
Tank had formerly contained auxiliary supply of gasoline.

TOSSED FROM SKIES —American soldiers on leave for brief respite in South Sea island
discover Jap "belly tank" that had hurtled out of skies as Japs discarded it from plane.
Tank had formerly contained auxiliary supply of gasoline.

TOSSED FROM SKIES —American soldiers on leave for brief respite in South Sea island
discover Jap "belly tank" that had hurtled out of skies as Japs discarded it from plane.
Tank had formerly contained auxiliary supply of gasoline.

TOSSED FROM SKIES —American soldiers on leave for brief respite in South Sea island
discover Jap "belly tank" that had hurtled out of skies as Japs discarded it from plane.
Tank had formerly contained auxiliary supply of gasoline.

TOSSED FROM SKIES —American soldiers on leave for brief respite in South Sea island
discover Jap "belly tank" that had hurtled out of skies as Japs discarded it from plane.
Tank had formerly contained auxiliary supply of gasoline.

TOSSED FROM SKIES —American soldiers on leave for brief respite in South Sea island
discover Jap "belly tank" that had hurtled out of skies as Japs discarded it from plane.
Tank had formerly contained auxiliary supply of gasoline.

TOSSED FROM SKIES —American soldiers on leave for brief respite in South Sea island
discover Jap "belly tank" that had hurtled out of skies as Japs discarded it from plane.
Tank had formerly contained auxiliary supply of gasoline.

TOSSED FROM SKIES —American soldiers on leave for brief respite in South Sea island
discover Jap "belly tank" that had hurtled out of skies as Japs discarded it from plane.
Tank had formerly contained auxiliary supply of gasoline.

TOSSED FROM SKIES —American soldiers on leave for brief respite in South Sea island
discover Jap "belly tank" that had hurtled out of skies as Japs discarded it from plane.
Tank had formerly contained auxiliary supply of gasoline.

TOSSED FROM SKIES —American soldiers on leave for brief respite in South Sea island
discover Jap "belly tank" that had hurtled out of skies as Japs discarded it from plane.
Tank had formerly contained auxiliary supply of gasoline.

TOSSED FROM SKIES —American soldiers on leave for brief respite in South Sea island
discover Jap "belly tank" that had hurtled out of skies as Japs discarded it from plane.
Tank had formerly contained auxiliary supply of gasoline.

TOSSED FROM SKIES —American soldiers on leave for brief respite in South Sea island
discover Jap "belly tank" that had hurtled out of skies as Japs discarded it from plane.
Tank had formerly contained auxiliary supply of gasoline.

TOSSED FROM SKIES —American soldiers on leave for brief respite in South Sea island
discover Jap "belly tank" that had hurtled out of skies as Japs discarded it from plane.
Tank had formerly contained auxiliary supply of gasoline.

TOSSED FROM SKIES —American soldiers on leave for brief respite in South Sea island
discover Jap "belly tank" that had hurtled out of skies as Japs discarded it from plane.
Tank had formerly contained auxiliary supply of gasoline.
