# FARM FENCER
## 
### 
Alfred Snyder, former Stanford
fencer, won the metropolitan round
of the open foil championships in
New York. This qualifies him to
enter the national competition. Sny
der began his fencing at the Farm
in 1931.
Alfred Snyder, former Stanford
fencer, won the metropolitan round
of the open foil championships in
New York. This qualifies him to
enter the national competition. Sny
der began his fencing at the Farm
in 1931.
Alfred Snyder, former Stanford
fencer, won the metropolitan round
of the open foil championships in
New York. This qualifies him to
enter the national competition. Sny
der began his fencing at the Farm
in 1931.
Alfred Snyder, former Stanford
fencer, won the metropolitan round
of the open foil championships in
New York. This qualifies him to
enter the national competition. Sny
der began his fencing at the Farm
in 1931.
Alfred Snyder, former Stanford
fencer, won the metropolitan round
of the open foil championships in
New York. This qualifies him to
enter the national competition. Sny
der began his fencing at the Farm
in 1931.
Alfred Snyder, former Stanford
fencer, won the metropolitan round
of the open foil championships in
New York. This qualifies him to
enter the national competition. Sny
der began his fencing at the Farm
in 1931.
Alfred Snyder, former Stanford
fencer, won the metropolitan round
of the open foil championships in
New York. This qualifies him to
enter the national competition. Sny
der began his fencing at the Farm
in 1931.
Alfred Snyder, former Stanford
fencer, won the metropolitan round
of the open foil championships in
New York. This qualifies him to
enter the national competition. Sny
der began his fencing at the Farm
in 1931.
Alfred Snyder, former Stanford
fencer, won the metropolitan round
of the open foil championships in
New York. This qualifies him to
enter the national competition. Sny
der began his fencing at the Farm
in 1931.
Alfred Snyder, former Stanford
fencer, won the metropolitan round
of the open foil championships in
New York. This qualifies him to
enter the national competition. Sny
der began his fencing at the Farm
in 1931.
Alfred Snyder, former Stanford
fencer, won the metropolitan round
of the open foil championships in
New York. This qualifies him to
enter the national competition. Sny
der began his fencing at the Farm
in 1931.
Alfred Snyder, former Stanford
fencer, won the metropolitan round
of the open foil championships in
New York. This qualifies him to
enter the national competition. Sny
der began his fencing at the Farm
in 1931.
Alfred Snyder, former Stanford
fencer, won the metropolitan round
of the open foil championships in
New York. This qualifies him to
enter the national competition. Sny
der began his fencing at the Farm
in 1931.
Alfred Snyder, former Stanford
fencer, won the metropolitan round
of the open foil championships in
New York. This qualifies him to
enter the national competition. Sny
der began his fencing at the Farm
in 1931.
Alfred Snyder, former Stanford
fencer, won the metropolitan round
of the open foil championships in
New York. This qualifies him to
enter the national competition. Sny
der began his fencing at the Farm
in 1931.
Alfred Snyder, former Stanford
fencer, won the metropolitan round
of the open foil championships in
New York. This qualifies him to
enter the national competition. Sny
der began his fencing at the Farm
in 1931.
