# HASTEN ADJOURNMENT
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, May 27 (/P).—
Responding to White House pres
sure, Democratic leaders today or
dered double-quick action on press
ing administration legislation to
bring about adjournment of Con
gress by June 9.
WASHINGTON, May 27 (/P).—
Responding to White House pres
sure, Democratic leaders today or
dered double-quick action on press
ing administration legislation to
bring about adjournment of Con
gress by June 9.
WASHINGTON, May 27 (/P).—
Responding to White House pres
sure, Democratic leaders today or
dered double-quick action on press
ing administration legislation to
bring about adjournment of Con
gress by June 9.
WASHINGTON, May 27 (/P).—
Responding to White House pres
sure, Democratic leaders today or
dered double-quick action on press
ing administration legislation to
bring about adjournment of Con
gress by June 9.
WASHINGTON, May 27 (/P).—
Responding to White House pres
sure, Democratic leaders today or
dered double-quick action on press
ing administration legislation to
bring about adjournment of Con
gress by June 9.
WASHINGTON, May 27 (/P).—
Responding to White House pres
sure, Democratic leaders today or
dered double-quick action on press
ing administration legislation to
bring about adjournment of Con
gress by June 9.
WASHINGTON, May 27 (/P).—
Responding to White House pres
sure, Democratic leaders today or
dered double-quick action on press
ing administration legislation to
bring about adjournment of Con
gress by June 9.
WASHINGTON, May 27 (/P).—
Responding to White House pres
sure, Democratic leaders today or
dered double-quick action on press
ing administration legislation to
bring about adjournment of Con
gress by June 9.
WASHINGTON, May 27 (/P).—
Responding to White House pres
sure, Democratic leaders today or
dered double-quick action on press
ing administration legislation to
bring about adjournment of Con
gress by June 9.
WASHINGTON, May 27 (/P).—
Responding to White House pres
sure, Democratic leaders today or
dered double-quick action on press
ing administration legislation to
bring about adjournment of Con
gress by June 9.
WASHINGTON, May 27 (/P).—
Responding to White House pres
sure, Democratic leaders today or
dered double-quick action on press
ing administration legislation to
bring about adjournment of Con
gress by June 9.
WASHINGTON, May 27 (/P).—
Responding to White House pres
sure, Democratic leaders today or
dered double-quick action on press
ing administration legislation to
bring about adjournment of Con
gress by June 9.
WASHINGTON, May 27 (/P).—
Responding to White House pres
sure, Democratic leaders today or
dered double-quick action on press
ing administration legislation to
bring about adjournment of Con
gress by June 9.
WASHINGTON, May 27 (/P).—
Responding to White House pres
sure, Democratic leaders today or
dered double-quick action on press
ing administration legislation to
bring about adjournment of Con
gress by June 9.
WASHINGTON, May 27 (/P).—
Responding to White House pres
sure, Democratic leaders today or
dered double-quick action on press
ing administration legislation to
bring about adjournment of Con
gress by June 9.
