# TO BUILD THREE SHIPS
## 
### 
ROME. May 27 (/P).—ltaly will
construct three large battleships,
with general specifications similar to
those of the French battleship Dun
querque, il was disclosed by naval
officials today.
ROME. May 27 (/P).—ltaly will
construct three large battleships,
with general specifications similar to
those of the French battleship Dun
querque, il was disclosed by naval
officials today.
ROME. May 27 (/P).—ltaly will
construct three large battleships,
with general specifications similar to
those of the French battleship Dun
querque, il was disclosed by naval
officials today.
ROME. May 27 (/P).—ltaly will
construct three large battleships,
with general specifications similar to
those of the French battleship Dun
querque, il was disclosed by naval
officials today.
ROME. May 27 (/P).—ltaly will
construct three large battleships,
with general specifications similar to
those of the French battleship Dun
querque, il was disclosed by naval
officials today.
ROME. May 27 (/P).—ltaly will
construct three large battleships,
with general specifications similar to
those of the French battleship Dun
querque, il was disclosed by naval
officials today.
ROME. May 27 (/P).—ltaly will
construct three large battleships,
with general specifications similar to
those of the French battleship Dun
querque, il was disclosed by naval
officials today.
ROME. May 27 (/P).—ltaly will
construct three large battleships,
with general specifications similar to
those of the French battleship Dun
querque, il was disclosed by naval
officials today.
ROME. May 27 (/P).—ltaly will
construct three large battleships,
with general specifications similar to
those of the French battleship Dun
querque, il was disclosed by naval
officials today.
ROME. May 27 (/P).—ltaly will
construct three large battleships,
with general specifications similar to
those of the French battleship Dun
querque, il was disclosed by naval
officials today.
ROME. May 27 (/P).—ltaly will
construct three large battleships,
with general specifications similar to
those of the French battleship Dun
querque, il was disclosed by naval
officials today.
ROME. May 27 (/P).—ltaly will
construct three large battleships,
with general specifications similar to
those of the French battleship Dun
querque, il was disclosed by naval
officials today.
ROME. May 27 (/P).—ltaly will
construct three large battleships,
with general specifications similar to
those of the French battleship Dun
querque, il was disclosed by naval
officials today.
ROME. May 27 (/P).—ltaly will
construct three large battleships,
with general specifications similar to
those of the French battleship Dun
querque, il was disclosed by naval
officials today.
ROME. May 27 (/P).—ltaly will
construct three large battleships,
with general specifications similar to
those of the French battleship Dun
querque, il was disclosed by naval
officials today.
