# TORNADO KILLS TWO
## 
### 
SANTIAGO, Chile, May 27 (/P>. —
Two persons were reported killed,
30 injured, and many houses de
stroyed by a tornado which ravaged
the town of Concepcion today.
SANTIAGO, Chile, May 27 (/P>. —
Two persons were reported killed,
30 injured, and many houses de
stroyed by a tornado which ravaged
the town of Concepcion today.
SANTIAGO, Chile, May 27 (/P>. —
Two persons were reported killed,
30 injured, and many houses de
stroyed by a tornado which ravaged
the town of Concepcion today.
SANTIAGO, Chile, May 27 (/P>. —
Two persons were reported killed,
30 injured, and many houses de
stroyed by a tornado which ravaged
the town of Concepcion today.
SANTIAGO, Chile, May 27 (/P>. —
Two persons were reported killed,
30 injured, and many houses de
stroyed by a tornado which ravaged
the town of Concepcion today.
SANTIAGO, Chile, May 27 (/P>. —
Two persons were reported killed,
30 injured, and many houses de
stroyed by a tornado which ravaged
the town of Concepcion today.
SANTIAGO, Chile, May 27 (/P>. —
Two persons were reported killed,
30 injured, and many houses de
stroyed by a tornado which ravaged
the town of Concepcion today.
SANTIAGO, Chile, May 27 (/P>. —
Two persons were reported killed,
30 injured, and many houses de
stroyed by a tornado which ravaged
the town of Concepcion today.
SANTIAGO, Chile, May 27 (/P>. —
Two persons were reported killed,
30 injured, and many houses de
stroyed by a tornado which ravaged
the town of Concepcion today.
SANTIAGO, Chile, May 27 (/P>. —
Two persons were reported killed,
30 injured, and many houses de
stroyed by a tornado which ravaged
the town of Concepcion today.
SANTIAGO, Chile, May 27 (/P>. —
Two persons were reported killed,
30 injured, and many houses de
stroyed by a tornado which ravaged
the town of Concepcion today.
SANTIAGO, Chile, May 27 (/P>. —
Two persons were reported killed,
30 injured, and many houses de
stroyed by a tornado which ravaged
the town of Concepcion today.
SANTIAGO, Chile, May 27 (/P>. —
Two persons were reported killed,
30 injured, and many houses de
stroyed by a tornado which ravaged
the town of Concepcion today.
SANTIAGO, Chile, May 27 (/P>. —
Two persons were reported killed,
30 injured, and many houses de
stroyed by a tornado which ravaged
the town of Concepcion today.
SANTIAGO, Chile, May 27 (/P>. —
Two persons were reported killed,
30 injured, and many houses de
stroyed by a tornado which ravaged
the town of Concepcion today.
