# GRADUATION APPLICATIONS
## 
### 
Applications of those who wish to
graduate at the end of tlu< summer
quarter should be made immediately,
the Registrar announced yesterday.
Applications of those who wish to
graduate at the end of tlu< summer
quarter should be made immediately,
the Registrar announced yesterday.
Applications of those who wish to
graduate at the end of tlu< summer
quarter should be made immediately,
the Registrar announced yesterday.
Applications of those who wish to
graduate at the end of tlu< summer
quarter should be made immediately,
the Registrar announced yesterday.
Applications of those who wish to
graduate at the end of tlu< summer
quarter should be made immediately,
the Registrar announced yesterday.
Applications of those who wish to
graduate at the end of tlu< summer
quarter should be made immediately,
the Registrar announced yesterday.
Applications of those who wish to
graduate at the end of tlu< summer
quarter should be made immediately,
the Registrar announced yesterday.
Applications of those who wish to
graduate at the end of tlu< summer
quarter should be made immediately,
the Registrar announced yesterday.
Applications of those who wish to
graduate at the end of tlu< summer
quarter should be made immediately,
the Registrar announced yesterday.
Applications of those who wish to
graduate at the end of tlu< summer
quarter should be made immediately,
the Registrar announced yesterday.
Applications of those who wish to
graduate at the end of tlu< summer
quarter should be made immediately,
the Registrar announced yesterday.
Applications of those who wish to
graduate at the end of tlu< summer
quarter should be made immediately,
the Registrar announced yesterday.
Applications of those who wish to
graduate at the end of tlu< summer
quarter should be made immediately,
the Registrar announced yesterday.
Applications of those who wish to
graduate at the end of tlu< summer
quarter should be made immediately,
the Registrar announced yesterday.
