# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
ONEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
ONEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
ONEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
ONEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
ONEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
ONEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
ONEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
ONEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
ONEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
ONEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
ONEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
ONEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
ONEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
ONEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
ONEIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open Daily Except Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
