# Hissing Privileges Go With All Show Tickets
## 
### 
Even the guys in the 55-ccnt
seats arc privileged to hiss the
villain in the l!M(» Spring Show
melodrama. East Lynnc. Higher
class patrons may purchase tick
ets for 75 cents and one dollar
when the sales open Monday on
English corner, according to Di
rector Janice Swan.
The show will he staged May 10
and 11.
Even the guys in the 55-ccnt
seats arc privileged to hiss the
villain in the l!M(» Spring Show
melodrama. East Lynnc. Higher
class patrons may purchase tick
ets for 75 cents and one dollar
when the sales open Monday on
English corner, according to Di
rector Janice Swan.
The show will he staged May 10
and 11.
Even the guys in the 55-ccnt
seats arc privileged to hiss the
villain in the l!M(» Spring Show
melodrama. East Lynnc. Higher
class patrons may purchase tick
ets for 75 cents and one dollar
when the sales open Monday on
English corner, according to Di
rector Janice Swan.
The show will he staged May 10
and 11.
Even the guys in the 55-ccnt
seats arc privileged to hiss the
villain in the l!M(» Spring Show
melodrama. East Lynnc. Higher
class patrons may purchase tick
ets for 75 cents and one dollar
when the sales open Monday on
English corner, according to Di
rector Janice Swan.
The show will he staged May 10
and 11.
Even the guys in the 55-ccnt
seats arc privileged to hiss the
villain in the l!M(» Spring Show
melodrama. East Lynnc. Higher
class patrons may purchase tick
ets for 75 cents and one dollar
when the sales open Monday on
English corner, according to Di
rector Janice Swan.
The show will he staged May 10
and 11.
Even the guys in the 55-ccnt
seats arc privileged to hiss the
villain in the l!M(» Spring Show
melodrama. East Lynnc. Higher
class patrons may purchase tick
ets for 75 cents and one dollar
when the sales open Monday on
English corner, according to Di
rector Janice Swan.
The show will he staged May 10
and 11.
Even the guys in the 55-ccnt
seats arc privileged to hiss the
villain in the l!M(» Spring Show
melodrama. East Lynnc. Higher
class patrons may purchase tick
ets for 75 cents and one dollar
when the sales open Monday on
English corner, according to Di
rector Janice Swan.
The show will he staged May 10
and 11.
Even the guys in the 55-ccnt
seats arc privileged to hiss the
villain in the l!M(» Spring Show
melodrama. East Lynnc. Higher
class patrons may purchase tick
ets for 75 cents and one dollar
when the sales open Monday on
English corner, according to Di
rector Janice Swan.
The show will he staged May 10
and 11.
Even the guys in the 55-ccnt
seats arc privileged to hiss the
villain in the l!M(» Spring Show
melodrama. East Lynnc. Higher
class patrons may purchase tick
ets for 75 cents and one dollar
when the sales open Monday on
English corner, according to Di
rector Janice Swan.
The show will he staged May 10
and 11.
Even the guys in the 55-ccnt
seats arc privileged to hiss the
villain in the l!M(» Spring Show
melodrama. East Lynnc. Higher
class patrons may purchase tick
ets for 75 cents and one dollar
when the sales open Monday on
English corner, according to Di
rector Janice Swan.
The show will he staged May 10
and 11.
Even the guys in the 55-ccnt
seats arc privileged to hiss the
villain in the l!M(» Spring Show
melodrama. East Lynnc. Higher
class patrons may purchase tick
ets for 75 cents and one dollar
when the sales open Monday on
English corner, according to Di
rector Janice Swan.
The show will he staged May 10
and 11.
Even the guys in the 55-ccnt
seats arc privileged to hiss the
villain in the l!M(» Spring Show
melodrama. East Lynnc. Higher
class patrons may purchase tick
ets for 75 cents and one dollar
when the sales open Monday on
English corner, according to Di
rector Janice Swan.
The show will he staged May 10
and 11.
Even the guys in the 55-ccnt
seats arc privileged to hiss the
villain in the l!M(» Spring Show
melodrama. East Lynnc. Higher
class patrons may purchase tick
ets for 75 cents and one dollar
when the sales open Monday on
English corner, according to Di
rector Janice Swan.
The show will he staged May 10
and 11.
Even the guys in the 55-ccnt
seats arc privileged to hiss the
villain in the l!M(» Spring Show
melodrama. East Lynnc. Higher
class patrons may purchase tick
ets for 75 cents and one dollar
when the sales open Monday on
English corner, according to Di
rector Janice Swan.
The show will he staged May 10
and 11.
Even the guys in the 55-ccnt
seats arc privileged to hiss the
villain in the l!M(» Spring Show
melodrama. East Lynnc. Higher
class patrons may purchase tick
ets for 75 cents and one dollar
when the sales open Monday on
English corner, according to Di
rector Janice Swan.
The show will he staged May 10
and 11.
