# FINES SELF
## 
### 
VICTORIA. B. C„ May 1 (UP).—
Magistrate Henry C. Hall today im
posed a $2.50 parking fine on him
self.
Like numerous offenders who have
come before him in the past, the
magistrate dug into his pocket for
the money and mumbled "it wasn't
njy fault."'
Hall blamed his wife for parking
the family car in a driveway.
VICTORIA. B. C„ May 1 (UP).—
Magistrate Henry C. Hall today im
posed a $2.50 parking fine on him
self.
Like numerous offenders who have
come before him in the past, the
magistrate dug into his pocket for
the money and mumbled "it wasn't
njy fault."'
Hall blamed his wife for parking
the family car in a driveway.
VICTORIA. B. C„ May 1 (UP).—
Magistrate Henry C. Hall today im
posed a $2.50 parking fine on him
self.
Like numerous offenders who have
come before him in the past, the
magistrate dug into his pocket for
the money and mumbled "it wasn't
njy fault."'
Hall blamed his wife for parking
the family car in a driveway.
VICTORIA. B. C„ May 1 (UP).—
Magistrate Henry C. Hall today im
posed a $2.50 parking fine on him
self.
Like numerous offenders who have
come before him in the past, the
magistrate dug into his pocket for
the money and mumbled "it wasn't
njy fault."'
Hall blamed his wife for parking
the family car in a driveway.
VICTORIA. B. C„ May 1 (UP).—
Magistrate Henry C. Hall today im
posed a $2.50 parking fine on him
self.
Like numerous offenders who have
come before him in the past, the
magistrate dug into his pocket for
the money and mumbled "it wasn't
njy fault."'
Hall blamed his wife for parking
the family car in a driveway.
VICTORIA. B. C„ May 1 (UP).—
Magistrate Henry C. Hall today im
posed a $2.50 parking fine on him
self.
Like numerous offenders who have
come before him in the past, the
magistrate dug into his pocket for
the money and mumbled "it wasn't
njy fault."'
Hall blamed his wife for parking
the family car in a driveway.
VICTORIA. B. C„ May 1 (UP).—
Magistrate Henry C. Hall today im
posed a $2.50 parking fine on him
self.
Like numerous offenders who have
come before him in the past, the
magistrate dug into his pocket for
the money and mumbled "it wasn't
njy fault."'
Hall blamed his wife for parking
the family car in a driveway.
VICTORIA. B. C„ May 1 (UP).—
Magistrate Henry C. Hall today im
posed a $2.50 parking fine on him
self.
Like numerous offenders who have
come before him in the past, the
magistrate dug into his pocket for
the money and mumbled "it wasn't
njy fault."'
Hall blamed his wife for parking
the family car in a driveway.
VICTORIA. B. C„ May 1 (UP).—
Magistrate Henry C. Hall today im
posed a $2.50 parking fine on him
self.
Like numerous offenders who have
come before him in the past, the
magistrate dug into his pocket for
the money and mumbled "it wasn't
njy fault."'
Hall blamed his wife for parking
the family car in a driveway.
VICTORIA. B. C„ May 1 (UP).—
Magistrate Henry C. Hall today im
posed a $2.50 parking fine on him
self.
Like numerous offenders who have
come before him in the past, the
magistrate dug into his pocket for
the money and mumbled "it wasn't
njy fault."'
Hall blamed his wife for parking
the family car in a driveway.
VICTORIA. B. C„ May 1 (UP).—
Magistrate Henry C. Hall today im
posed a $2.50 parking fine on him
self.
Like numerous offenders who have
come before him in the past, the
magistrate dug into his pocket for
the money and mumbled "it wasn't
njy fault."'
Hall blamed his wife for parking
the family car in a driveway.
VICTORIA. B. C„ May 1 (UP).—
Magistrate Henry C. Hall today im
posed a $2.50 parking fine on him
self.
Like numerous offenders who have
come before him in the past, the
magistrate dug into his pocket for
the money and mumbled "it wasn't
njy fault."'
Hall blamed his wife for parking
the family car in a driveway.
VICTORIA. B. C„ May 1 (UP).—
Magistrate Henry C. Hall today im
posed a $2.50 parking fine on him
self.
Like numerous offenders who have
come before him in the past, the
magistrate dug into his pocket for
the money and mumbled "it wasn't
njy fault."'
Hall blamed his wife for parking
the family car in a driveway.
VICTORIA. B. C„ May 1 (UP).—
Magistrate Henry C. Hall today im
posed a $2.50 parking fine on him
self.
Like numerous offenders who have
come before him in the past, the
magistrate dug into his pocket for
the money and mumbled "it wasn't
njy fault."'
Hall blamed his wife for parking
the family car in a driveway.
VICTORIA. B. C„ May 1 (UP).—
Magistrate Henry C. Hall today im
posed a $2.50 parking fine on him
self.
Like numerous offenders who have
come before him in the past, the
magistrate dug into his pocket for
the money and mumbled "it wasn't
njy fault."'
Hall blamed his wife for parking
the family car in a driveway.
