# Eleanor Brill Elected Y.W.C.A. President
## 
### 
Newly elected Y.W.C.A. President
Eleanor Brill will take over her ex
ecutive duties next week after de
feating Bonnie Hansen in Monday's
election.
Other officers for next year are:
vice-president, Guyla Runyan; cor
responding secretary, Betty Calen
dar; recording secretary, Joanne
Lucas; treasurer, Betty Wellington.
The new officers will take office
next week.
Newly elected Y.W.C.A. President
Eleanor Brill will take over her ex
ecutive duties next week after de
feating Bonnie Hansen in Monday's
election.
Other officers for next year are:
vice-president, Guyla Runyan; cor
responding secretary, Betty Calen
dar; recording secretary, Joanne
Lucas; treasurer, Betty Wellington.
The new officers will take office
next week.
Newly elected Y.W.C.A. President
Eleanor Brill will take over her ex
ecutive duties next week after de
feating Bonnie Hansen in Monday's
election.
Other officers for next year are:
vice-president, Guyla Runyan; cor
responding secretary, Betty Calen
dar; recording secretary, Joanne
Lucas; treasurer, Betty Wellington.
The new officers will take office
next week.
Newly elected Y.W.C.A. President
Eleanor Brill will take over her ex
ecutive duties next week after de
feating Bonnie Hansen in Monday's
election.
Other officers for next year are:
vice-president, Guyla Runyan; cor
responding secretary, Betty Calen
dar; recording secretary, Joanne
Lucas; treasurer, Betty Wellington.
The new officers will take office
next week.
Newly elected Y.W.C.A. President
Eleanor Brill will take over her ex
ecutive duties next week after de
feating Bonnie Hansen in Monday's
election.
Other officers for next year are:
vice-president, Guyla Runyan; cor
responding secretary, Betty Calen
dar; recording secretary, Joanne
Lucas; treasurer, Betty Wellington.
The new officers will take office
next week.
Newly elected Y.W.C.A. President
Eleanor Brill will take over her ex
ecutive duties next week after de
feating Bonnie Hansen in Monday's
election.
Other officers for next year are:
vice-president, Guyla Runyan; cor
responding secretary, Betty Calen
dar; recording secretary, Joanne
Lucas; treasurer, Betty Wellington.
The new officers will take office
next week.
Newly elected Y.W.C.A. President
Eleanor Brill will take over her ex
ecutive duties next week after de
feating Bonnie Hansen in Monday's
election.
Other officers for next year are:
vice-president, Guyla Runyan; cor
responding secretary, Betty Calen
dar; recording secretary, Joanne
Lucas; treasurer, Betty Wellington.
The new officers will take office
next week.
Newly elected Y.W.C.A. President
Eleanor Brill will take over her ex
ecutive duties next week after de
feating Bonnie Hansen in Monday's
election.
Other officers for next year are:
vice-president, Guyla Runyan; cor
responding secretary, Betty Calen
dar; recording secretary, Joanne
Lucas; treasurer, Betty Wellington.
The new officers will take office
next week.
Newly elected Y.W.C.A. President
Eleanor Brill will take over her ex
ecutive duties next week after de
feating Bonnie Hansen in Monday's
election.
Other officers for next year are:
vice-president, Guyla Runyan; cor
responding secretary, Betty Calen
dar; recording secretary, Joanne
Lucas; treasurer, Betty Wellington.
The new officers will take office
next week.
Newly elected Y.W.C.A. President
Eleanor Brill will take over her ex
ecutive duties next week after de
feating Bonnie Hansen in Monday's
election.
Other officers for next year are:
vice-president, Guyla Runyan; cor
responding secretary, Betty Calen
dar; recording secretary, Joanne
Lucas; treasurer, Betty Wellington.
The new officers will take office
next week.
Newly elected Y.W.C.A. President
Eleanor Brill will take over her ex
ecutive duties next week after de
feating Bonnie Hansen in Monday's
election.
Other officers for next year are:
vice-president, Guyla Runyan; cor
responding secretary, Betty Calen
dar; recording secretary, Joanne
Lucas; treasurer, Betty Wellington.
The new officers will take office
next week.
Newly elected Y.W.C.A. President
Eleanor Brill will take over her ex
ecutive duties next week after de
feating Bonnie Hansen in Monday's
election.
Other officers for next year are:
vice-president, Guyla Runyan; cor
responding secretary, Betty Calen
dar; recording secretary, Joanne
Lucas; treasurer, Betty Wellington.
The new officers will take office
next week.
Newly elected Y.W.C.A. President
Eleanor Brill will take over her ex
ecutive duties next week after de
feating Bonnie Hansen in Monday's
election.
Other officers for next year are:
vice-president, Guyla Runyan; cor
responding secretary, Betty Calen
dar; recording secretary, Joanne
Lucas; treasurer, Betty Wellington.
The new officers will take office
next week.
Newly elected Y.W.C.A. President
Eleanor Brill will take over her ex
ecutive duties next week after de
feating Bonnie Hansen in Monday's
election.
Other officers for next year are:
vice-president, Guyla Runyan; cor
responding secretary, Betty Calen
dar; recording secretary, Joanne
Lucas; treasurer, Betty Wellington.
The new officers will take office
next week.
Newly elected Y.W.C.A. President
Eleanor Brill will take over her ex
ecutive duties next week after de
feating Bonnie Hansen in Monday's
election.
Other officers for next year are:
vice-president, Guyla Runyan; cor
responding secretary, Betty Calen
dar; recording secretary, Joanne
Lucas; treasurer, Betty Wellington.
The new officers will take office
next week.
