# Untitled Article
## 
### 
T.J. Blethen, ex-’l3, a nephew of
Colonel Blethen, owner of the Seattle
Times, suffered a complete mental
breakdown a few days ago in Port
land, Oregon, where he was visiting
over the holidays. Overstudy is said
by some to be the cause of his col
lapse, which is thought to be only
temporary.
T.J. Blethen, ex-’l3, a nephew of
Colonel Blethen, owner of the Seattle
Times, suffered a complete mental
breakdown a few days ago in Port
land, Oregon, where he was visiting
over the holidays. Overstudy is said
by some to be the cause of his col
lapse, which is thought to be only
temporary.
T.J. Blethen, ex-’l3, a nephew of
Colonel Blethen, owner of the Seattle
Times, suffered a complete mental
breakdown a few days ago in Port
land, Oregon, where he was visiting
over the holidays. Overstudy is said
by some to be the cause of his col
lapse, which is thought to be only
temporary.
T.J. Blethen, ex-’l3, a nephew of
Colonel Blethen, owner of the Seattle
Times, suffered a complete mental
breakdown a few days ago in Port
land, Oregon, where he was visiting
over the holidays. Overstudy is said
by some to be the cause of his col
lapse, which is thought to be only
temporary.
T.J. Blethen, ex-’l3, a nephew of
Colonel Blethen, owner of the Seattle
Times, suffered a complete mental
breakdown a few days ago in Port
land, Oregon, where he was visiting
over the holidays. Overstudy is said
by some to be the cause of his col
lapse, which is thought to be only
temporary.
T.J. Blethen, ex-’l3, a nephew of
Colonel Blethen, owner of the Seattle
Times, suffered a complete mental
breakdown a few days ago in Port
land, Oregon, where he was visiting
over the holidays. Overstudy is said
by some to be the cause of his col
lapse, which is thought to be only
temporary.
T.J. Blethen, ex-’l3, a nephew of
Colonel Blethen, owner of the Seattle
Times, suffered a complete mental
breakdown a few days ago in Port
land, Oregon, where he was visiting
over the holidays. Overstudy is said
by some to be the cause of his col
lapse, which is thought to be only
temporary.
T.J. Blethen, ex-’l3, a nephew of
Colonel Blethen, owner of the Seattle
Times, suffered a complete mental
breakdown a few days ago in Port
land, Oregon, where he was visiting
over the holidays. Overstudy is said
by some to be the cause of his col
lapse, which is thought to be only
temporary.
T.J. Blethen, ex-’l3, a nephew of
Colonel Blethen, owner of the Seattle
Times, suffered a complete mental
breakdown a few days ago in Port
land, Oregon, where he was visiting
over the holidays. Overstudy is said
by some to be the cause of his col
lapse, which is thought to be only
temporary.
T.J. Blethen, ex-’l3, a nephew of
Colonel Blethen, owner of the Seattle
Times, suffered a complete mental
breakdown a few days ago in Port
land, Oregon, where he was visiting
over the holidays. Overstudy is said
by some to be the cause of his col
lapse, which is thought to be only
temporary.
T.J. Blethen, ex-’l3, a nephew of
Colonel Blethen, owner of the Seattle
Times, suffered a complete mental
breakdown a few days ago in Port
land, Oregon, where he was visiting
over the holidays. Overstudy is said
by some to be the cause of his col
lapse, which is thought to be only
temporary.
T.J. Blethen, ex-’l3, a nephew of
Colonel Blethen, owner of the Seattle
Times, suffered a complete mental
breakdown a few days ago in Port
land, Oregon, where he was visiting
over the holidays. Overstudy is said
by some to be the cause of his col
lapse, which is thought to be only
temporary.
T.J. Blethen, ex-’l3, a nephew of
Colonel Blethen, owner of the Seattle
Times, suffered a complete mental
breakdown a few days ago in Port
land, Oregon, where he was visiting
over the holidays. Overstudy is said
by some to be the cause of his col
lapse, which is thought to be only
temporary.
