# SEQUOIA ISSUED TODAY UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT
## January Number of Literary Magazine Reflects Prosperity of More Advertisements. 
### 
Under new business management
and new editorial control the January
Sequoia is off the press today. The
magazine will be sold at the Regis
trar's office and the Bookstore.
This first issue continues the ad
vance in quality of material and ap
pearance begun last year when the
English club assumed charge of the
publication. Increased advertisers'
support in the current issue, and the
prospects for more advertising in the
future are evident in the makeup of
the new Sequoia.
The special article of the edition is
"Safeguarding the Stanford Spirit," by
E. W. Smith, '99. Fiction is contrib
uted by J. W. Bennett, '15, W. P. Stam
ford, '16, G. Robinson, '17. Attractive
bits of verse are under the names of
S. C. Peck, '11, J. L. Duff, '13, Miss
Agnes Gray, '15, D. Mukerji, and G. A.
Hughes, '16. In the recently revived
"Sketch Book" section are two contri
butions by C. F. Paul, '13, and R. A.
Griffin, '17.
Under new business management
and new editorial control the January
Sequoia is off the press today. The
magazine will be sold at the Regis
trar's office and the Bookstore.
This first issue continues the ad
vance in quality of material and ap
pearance begun last year when the
English club assumed charge of the
publication. Increased advertisers'
support in the current issue, and the
prospects for more advertising in the
future are evident in the makeup of
the new Sequoia.
The special article of the edition is
"Safeguarding the Stanford Spirit," by
E. W. Smith, '99. Fiction is contrib
uted by J. W. Bennett, '15, W. P. Stam
ford, '16, G. Robinson, '17. Attractive
bits of verse are under the names of
S. C. Peck, '11, J. L. Duff, '13, Miss
Agnes Gray, '15, D. Mukerji, and G. A.
Hughes, '16. In the recently revived
"Sketch Book" section are two contri
butions by C. F. Paul, '13, and R. A.
Griffin, '17.
Under new business management
and new editorial control the January
Sequoia is off the press today. The
magazine will be sold at the Regis
trar's office and the Bookstore.
This first issue continues the ad
vance in quality of material and ap
pearance begun last year when the
English club assumed charge of the
publication. Increased advertisers'
support in the current issue, and the
prospects for more advertising in the
future are evident in the makeup of
the new Sequoia.
The special article of the edition is
"Safeguarding the Stanford Spirit," by
E. W. Smith, '99. Fiction is contrib
uted by J. W. Bennett, '15, W. P. Stam
ford, '16, G. Robinson, '17. Attractive
bits of verse are under the names of
S. C. Peck, '11, J. L. Duff, '13, Miss
Agnes Gray, '15, D. Mukerji, and G. A.
Hughes, '16. In the recently revived
"Sketch Book" section are two contri
butions by C. F. Paul, '13, and R. A.
Griffin, '17.
Under new business management
and new editorial control the January
Sequoia is off the press today. The
magazine will be sold at the Regis
trar's office and the Bookstore.
This first issue continues the ad
vance in quality of material and ap
pearance begun last year when the
English club assumed charge of the
publication. Increased advertisers'
support in the current issue, and the
prospects for more advertising in the
future are evident in the makeup of
the new Sequoia.
The special article of the edition is
"Safeguarding the Stanford Spirit," by
E. W. Smith, '99. Fiction is contrib
uted by J. W. Bennett, '15, W. P. Stam
ford, '16, G. Robinson, '17. Attractive
bits of verse are under the names of
S. C. Peck, '11, J. L. Duff, '13, Miss
Agnes Gray, '15, D. Mukerji, and G. A.
Hughes, '16. In the recently revived
"Sketch Book" section are two contri
butions by C. F. Paul, '13, and R. A.
Griffin, '17.
Under new business management
and new editorial control the January
Sequoia is off the press today. The
magazine will be sold at the Regis
trar's office and the Bookstore.
This first issue continues the ad
vance in quality of material and ap
pearance begun last year when the
English club assumed charge of the
publication. Increased advertisers'
support in the current issue, and the
prospects for more advertising in the
future are evident in the makeup of
the new Sequoia.
The special article of the edition is
"Safeguarding the Stanford Spirit," by
E. W. Smith, '99. Fiction is contrib
uted by J. W. Bennett, '15, W. P. Stam
ford, '16, G. Robinson, '17. Attractive
bits of verse are under the names of
S. C. Peck, '11, J. L. Duff, '13, Miss
Agnes Gray, '15, D. Mukerji, and G. A.
Hughes, '16. In the recently revived
"Sketch Book" section are two contri
butions by C. F. Paul, '13, and R. A.
Griffin, '17.
Under new business management
and new editorial control the January
Sequoia is off the press today. The
magazine will be sold at the Regis
trar's office and the Bookstore.
This first issue continues the ad
vance in quality of material and ap
pearance begun last year when the
English club assumed charge of the
publication. Increased advertisers'
support in the current issue, and the
prospects for more advertising in the
future are evident in the makeup of
the new Sequoia.
The special article of the edition is
"Safeguarding the Stanford Spirit," by
E. W. Smith, '99. Fiction is contrib
uted by J. W. Bennett, '15, W. P. Stam
ford, '16, G. Robinson, '17. Attractive
bits of verse are under the names of
S. C. Peck, '11, J. L. Duff, '13, Miss
Agnes Gray, '15, D. Mukerji, and G. A.
Hughes, '16. In the recently revived
"Sketch Book" section are two contri
butions by C. F. Paul, '13, and R. A.
Griffin, '17.
Under new business management
and new editorial control the January
Sequoia is off the press today. The
magazine will be sold at the Regis
trar's office and the Bookstore.
This first issue continues the ad
vance in quality of material and ap
pearance begun last year when the
English club assumed charge of the
publication. Increased advertisers'
support in the current issue, and the
prospects for more advertising in the
future are evident in the makeup of
the new Sequoia.
The special article of the edition is
"Safeguarding the Stanford Spirit," by
E. W. Smith, '99. Fiction is contrib
uted by J. W. Bennett, '15, W. P. Stam
ford, '16, G. Robinson, '17. Attractive
bits of verse are under the names of
S. C. Peck, '11, J. L. Duff, '13, Miss
Agnes Gray, '15, D. Mukerji, and G. A.
Hughes, '16. In the recently revived
"Sketch Book" section are two contri
butions by C. F. Paul, '13, and R. A.
Griffin, '17.
Under new business management
and new editorial control the January
Sequoia is off the press today. The
magazine will be sold at the Regis
trar's office and the Bookstore.
This first issue continues the ad
vance in quality of material and ap
pearance begun last year when the
English club assumed charge of the
publication. Increased advertisers'
support in the current issue, and the
prospects for more advertising in the
future are evident in the makeup of
the new Sequoia.
The special article of the edition is
"Safeguarding the Stanford Spirit," by
E. W. Smith, '99. Fiction is contrib
uted by J. W. Bennett, '15, W. P. Stam
ford, '16, G. Robinson, '17. Attractive
bits of verse are under the names of
S. C. Peck, '11, J. L. Duff, '13, Miss
Agnes Gray, '15, D. Mukerji, and G. A.
Hughes, '16. In the recently revived
"Sketch Book" section are two contri
butions by C. F. Paul, '13, and R. A.
Griffin, '17.
Under new business management
and new editorial control the January
Sequoia is off the press today. The
magazine will be sold at the Regis
trar's office and the Bookstore.
This first issue continues the ad
vance in quality of material and ap
pearance begun last year when the
English club assumed charge of the
publication. Increased advertisers'
support in the current issue, and the
prospects for more advertising in the
future are evident in the makeup of
the new Sequoia.
The special article of the edition is
"Safeguarding the Stanford Spirit," by
E. W. Smith, '99. Fiction is contrib
uted by J. W. Bennett, '15, W. P. Stam
ford, '16, G. Robinson, '17. Attractive
bits of verse are under the names of
S. C. Peck, '11, J. L. Duff, '13, Miss
Agnes Gray, '15, D. Mukerji, and G. A.
Hughes, '16. In the recently revived
"Sketch Book" section are two contri
butions by C. F. Paul, '13, and R. A.
Griffin, '17.
Under new business management
and new editorial control the January
Sequoia is off the press today. The
magazine will be sold at the Regis
trar's office and the Bookstore.
This first issue continues the ad
vance in quality of material and ap
pearance begun last year when the
English club assumed charge of the
publication. Increased advertisers'
support in the current issue, and the
prospects for more advertising in the
future are evident in the makeup of
the new Sequoia.
The special article of the edition is
"Safeguarding the Stanford Spirit," by
E. W. Smith, '99. Fiction is contrib
uted by J. W. Bennett, '15, W. P. Stam
ford, '16, G. Robinson, '17. Attractive
bits of verse are under the names of
S. C. Peck, '11, J. L. Duff, '13, Miss
Agnes Gray, '15, D. Mukerji, and G. A.
Hughes, '16. In the recently revived
"Sketch Book" section are two contri
butions by C. F. Paul, '13, and R. A.
Griffin, '17.
Under new business management
and new editorial control the January
Sequoia is off the press today. The
magazine will be sold at the Regis
trar's office and the Bookstore.
This first issue continues the ad
vance in quality of material and ap
pearance begun last year when the
English club assumed charge of the
publication. Increased advertisers'
support in the current issue, and the
prospects for more advertising in the
future are evident in the makeup of
the new Sequoia.
The special article of the edition is
"Safeguarding the Stanford Spirit," by
E. W. Smith, '99. Fiction is contrib
uted by J. W. Bennett, '15, W. P. Stam
ford, '16, G. Robinson, '17. Attractive
bits of verse are under the names of
S. C. Peck, '11, J. L. Duff, '13, Miss
Agnes Gray, '15, D. Mukerji, and G. A.
Hughes, '16. In the recently revived
"Sketch Book" section are two contri
butions by C. F. Paul, '13, and R. A.
Griffin, '17.
Under new business management
and new editorial control the January
Sequoia is off the press today. The
magazine will be sold at the Regis
trar's office and the Bookstore.
This first issue continues the ad
vance in quality of material and ap
pearance begun last year when the
English club assumed charge of the
publication. Increased advertisers'
support in the current issue, and the
prospects for more advertising in the
future are evident in the makeup of
the new Sequoia.
The special article of the edition is
"Safeguarding the Stanford Spirit," by
E. W. Smith, '99. Fiction is contrib
uted by J. W. Bennett, '15, W. P. Stam
ford, '16, G. Robinson, '17. Attractive
bits of verse are under the names of
S. C. Peck, '11, J. L. Duff, '13, Miss
Agnes Gray, '15, D. Mukerji, and G. A.
Hughes, '16. In the recently revived
"Sketch Book" section are two contri
butions by C. F. Paul, '13, and R. A.
Griffin, '17.
Under new business management
and new editorial control the January
Sequoia is off the press today. The
magazine will be sold at the Regis
trar's office and the Bookstore.
This first issue continues the ad
vance in quality of material and ap
pearance begun last year when the
English club assumed charge of the
publication. Increased advertisers'
support in the current issue, and the
prospects for more advertising in the
future are evident in the makeup of
the new Sequoia.
The special article of the edition is
"Safeguarding the Stanford Spirit," by
E. W. Smith, '99. Fiction is contrib
uted by J. W. Bennett, '15, W. P. Stam
ford, '16, G. Robinson, '17. Attractive
bits of verse are under the names of
S. C. Peck, '11, J. L. Duff, '13, Miss
Agnes Gray, '15, D. Mukerji, and G. A.
Hughes, '16. In the recently revived
"Sketch Book" section are two contri
butions by C. F. Paul, '13, and R. A.
Griffin, '17.
