# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
Phone Palo Alto 59 or 60
for
Wood and Coal
W. O. Horabin
626 Bryant St.
STANFORD
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St.
Clearance Sale
of Bath Caps
Bathing caps that sold
regularly at 65c are now
reduced to 45c. The
number is limited.
UNIVERSITV
PHARMAC I
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 UNIVERSITY AYE.
DANCE
TO
Forrest L. Horner's
Orchestra
Every Saturday
Evening
AT THE
Fairmont
Hotel
VENETIAN
DINING ROOM
Dinner $2.50 per person
including cover charge.
50c cover charge
9 o'clock.
Phone Palo Alto 59 or 60
for
Wood and Coal
W. O. Horabin
626 Bryant St.
STANFORD
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St.
Clearance Sale
of Bath Caps
Bathing caps that sold
regularly at 65c are now
reduced to 45c. The
number is limited.
UNIVERSITV
PHARMAC I
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 UNIVERSITY AYE.
DANCE
TO
Forrest L. Horner's
Orchestra
Every Saturday
Evening
AT THE
Fairmont
Hotel
VENETIAN
DINING ROOM
Dinner $2.50 per person
including cover charge.
50c cover charge
9 o'clock.
Phone Palo Alto 59 or 60
for
Wood and Coal
W. O. Horabin
626 Bryant St.
STANFORD
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St.
Clearance Sale
of Bath Caps
Bathing caps that sold
regularly at 65c are now
reduced to 45c. The
number is limited.
UNIVERSITV
PHARMAC I
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 UNIVERSITY AYE.
DANCE
TO
Forrest L. Horner's
Orchestra
Every Saturday
Evening
AT THE
Fairmont
Hotel
VENETIAN
DINING ROOM
Dinner $2.50 per person
including cover charge.
50c cover charge
9 o'clock.
Phone Palo Alto 59 or 60
for
Wood and Coal
W. O. Horabin
626 Bryant St.
STANFORD
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St.
Clearance Sale
of Bath Caps
Bathing caps that sold
regularly at 65c are now
reduced to 45c. The
number is limited.
UNIVERSITV
PHARMAC I
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 UNIVERSITY AYE.
DANCE
TO
Forrest L. Horner's
Orchestra
Every Saturday
Evening
AT THE
Fairmont
Hotel
VENETIAN
DINING ROOM
Dinner $2.50 per person
including cover charge.
50c cover charge
9 o'clock.
Phone Palo Alto 59 or 60
for
Wood and Coal
W. O. Horabin
626 Bryant St.
STANFORD
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St.
Clearance Sale
of Bath Caps
Bathing caps that sold
regularly at 65c are now
reduced to 45c. The
number is limited.
UNIVERSITV
PHARMAC I
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 UNIVERSITY AYE.
DANCE
TO
Forrest L. Horner's
Orchestra
Every Saturday
Evening
AT THE
Fairmont
Hotel
VENETIAN
DINING ROOM
Dinner $2.50 per person
including cover charge.
50c cover charge
9 o'clock.
Phone Palo Alto 59 or 60
for
Wood and Coal
W. O. Horabin
626 Bryant St.
STANFORD
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St.
Clearance Sale
of Bath Caps
Bathing caps that sold
regularly at 65c are now
reduced to 45c. The
number is limited.
UNIVERSITV
PHARMAC I
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 UNIVERSITY AYE.
DANCE
TO
Forrest L. Horner's
Orchestra
Every Saturday
Evening
AT THE
Fairmont
Hotel
VENETIAN
DINING ROOM
Dinner $2.50 per person
including cover charge.
50c cover charge
9 o'clock.
Phone Palo Alto 59 or 60
for
Wood and Coal
W. O. Horabin
626 Bryant St.
STANFORD
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St.
Clearance Sale
of Bath Caps
Bathing caps that sold
regularly at 65c are now
reduced to 45c. The
number is limited.
UNIVERSITV
PHARMAC I
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 UNIVERSITY AYE.
DANCE
TO
Forrest L. Horner's
Orchestra
Every Saturday
Evening
AT THE
Fairmont
Hotel
VENETIAN
DINING ROOM
Dinner $2.50 per person
including cover charge.
50c cover charge
9 o'clock.
Phone Palo Alto 59 or 60
for
Wood and Coal
W. O. Horabin
626 Bryant St.
STANFORD
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St.
Clearance Sale
of Bath Caps
Bathing caps that sold
regularly at 65c are now
reduced to 45c. The
number is limited.
UNIVERSITV
PHARMAC I
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 UNIVERSITY AYE.
DANCE
TO
Forrest L. Horner's
Orchestra
Every Saturday
Evening
AT THE
Fairmont
Hotel
VENETIAN
DINING ROOM
Dinner $2.50 per person
including cover charge.
50c cover charge
9 o'clock.
Phone Palo Alto 59 or 60
for
Wood and Coal
W. O. Horabin
626 Bryant St.
STANFORD
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St.
Clearance Sale
of Bath Caps
Bathing caps that sold
regularly at 65c are now
reduced to 45c. The
number is limited.
UNIVERSITV
PHARMAC I
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 UNIVERSITY AYE.
DANCE
TO
Forrest L. Horner's
Orchestra
Every Saturday
Evening
AT THE
Fairmont
Hotel
VENETIAN
DINING ROOM
Dinner $2.50 per person
including cover charge.
50c cover charge
9 o'clock.
Phone Palo Alto 59 or 60
for
Wood and Coal
W. O. Horabin
626 Bryant St.
STANFORD
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St.
Clearance Sale
of Bath Caps
Bathing caps that sold
regularly at 65c are now
reduced to 45c. The
number is limited.
UNIVERSITV
PHARMAC I
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 UNIVERSITY AYE.
DANCE
TO
Forrest L. Horner's
Orchestra
Every Saturday
Evening
AT THE
Fairmont
Hotel
VENETIAN
DINING ROOM
Dinner $2.50 per person
including cover charge.
50c cover charge
9 o'clock.
Phone Palo Alto 59 or 60
for
Wood and Coal
W. O. Horabin
626 Bryant St.
STANFORD
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St.
Clearance Sale
of Bath Caps
Bathing caps that sold
regularly at 65c are now
reduced to 45c. The
number is limited.
UNIVERSITV
PHARMAC I
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 UNIVERSITY AYE.
DANCE
TO
Forrest L. Horner's
Orchestra
Every Saturday
Evening
AT THE
Fairmont
Hotel
VENETIAN
DINING ROOM
Dinner $2.50 per person
including cover charge.
50c cover charge
9 o'clock.
Phone Palo Alto 59 or 60
for
Wood and Coal
W. O. Horabin
626 Bryant St.
STANFORD
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St.
Clearance Sale
of Bath Caps
Bathing caps that sold
regularly at 65c are now
reduced to 45c. The
number is limited.
UNIVERSITV
PHARMAC I
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 UNIVERSITY AYE.
DANCE
TO
Forrest L. Horner's
Orchestra
Every Saturday
Evening
AT THE
Fairmont
Hotel
VENETIAN
DINING ROOM
Dinner $2.50 per person
including cover charge.
50c cover charge
9 o'clock.
Phone Palo Alto 59 or 60
for
Wood and Coal
W. O. Horabin
626 Bryant St.
STANFORD
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St.
Clearance Sale
of Bath Caps
Bathing caps that sold
regularly at 65c are now
reduced to 45c. The
number is limited.
UNIVERSITV
PHARMAC I
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 UNIVERSITY AYE.
DANCE
TO
Forrest L. Horner's
Orchestra
Every Saturday
Evening
AT THE
Fairmont
Hotel
VENETIAN
DINING ROOM
Dinner $2.50 per person
including cover charge.
50c cover charge
9 o'clock.
Phone Palo Alto 59 or 60
for
Wood and Coal
W. O. Horabin
626 Bryant St.
STANFORD
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St.
Clearance Sale
of Bath Caps
Bathing caps that sold
regularly at 65c are now
reduced to 45c. The
number is limited.
UNIVERSITV
PHARMAC I
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 UNIVERSITY AYE.
DANCE
TO
Forrest L. Horner's
Orchestra
Every Saturday
Evening
AT THE
Fairmont
Hotel
VENETIAN
DINING ROOM
Dinner $2.50 per person
including cover charge.
50c cover charge
9 o'clock.
Phone Palo Alto 59 or 60
for
Wood and Coal
W. O. Horabin
626 Bryant St.
STANFORD
WATCH SHOP
J. J. BAKER
537 Emerson St.
Clearance Sale
of Bath Caps
Bathing caps that sold
regularly at 65c are now
reduced to 45c. The
number is limited.
UNIVERSITV
PHARMAC I
F. J. STEINMETZ
134 UNIVERSITY AYE.
DANCE
TO
Forrest L. Horner's
Orchestra
Every Saturday
Evening
AT THE
Fairmont
Hotel
VENETIAN
DINING ROOM
Dinner $2.50 per person
including cover charge.
50c cover charge
9 o'clock.
