# Grass Fire Extinguished Near Engineering Corner
## 
### 
A small grass tire between the
Library and the Engineering corner
was put out by the fire department
about 2:30 yesterday afternoon when
an alarm was brought in by passing
students. The fire, which in the opin
ion of Fire Chief Dugan was caused
by a burning cigarette, was extin
guished with chemicals before it had
spread. There is still very great dan
ger from grass fires, and students
should be careful to extinguish cigar
ettes before throwing them away, the
Chief stated.
A small grass tire between the
Library and the Engineering corner
was put out by the fire department
about 2:30 yesterday afternoon when
an alarm was brought in by passing
students. The fire, which in the opin
ion of Fire Chief Dugan was caused
by a burning cigarette, was extin
guished with chemicals before it had
spread. There is still very great dan
ger from grass fires, and students
should be careful to extinguish cigar
ettes before throwing them away, the
Chief stated.
A small grass tire between the
Library and the Engineering corner
was put out by the fire department
about 2:30 yesterday afternoon when
an alarm was brought in by passing
students. The fire, which in the opin
ion of Fire Chief Dugan was caused
by a burning cigarette, was extin
guished with chemicals before it had
spread. There is still very great dan
ger from grass fires, and students
should be careful to extinguish cigar
ettes before throwing them away, the
Chief stated.
A small grass tire between the
Library and the Engineering corner
was put out by the fire department
about 2:30 yesterday afternoon when
an alarm was brought in by passing
students. The fire, which in the opin
ion of Fire Chief Dugan was caused
by a burning cigarette, was extin
guished with chemicals before it had
spread. There is still very great dan
ger from grass fires, and students
should be careful to extinguish cigar
ettes before throwing them away, the
Chief stated.
A small grass tire between the
Library and the Engineering corner
was put out by the fire department
about 2:30 yesterday afternoon when
an alarm was brought in by passing
students. The fire, which in the opin
ion of Fire Chief Dugan was caused
by a burning cigarette, was extin
guished with chemicals before it had
spread. There is still very great dan
ger from grass fires, and students
should be careful to extinguish cigar
ettes before throwing them away, the
Chief stated.
A small grass tire between the
Library and the Engineering corner
was put out by the fire department
about 2:30 yesterday afternoon when
an alarm was brought in by passing
students. The fire, which in the opin
ion of Fire Chief Dugan was caused
by a burning cigarette, was extin
guished with chemicals before it had
spread. There is still very great dan
ger from grass fires, and students
should be careful to extinguish cigar
ettes before throwing them away, the
Chief stated.
A small grass tire between the
Library and the Engineering corner
was put out by the fire department
about 2:30 yesterday afternoon when
an alarm was brought in by passing
students. The fire, which in the opin
ion of Fire Chief Dugan was caused
by a burning cigarette, was extin
guished with chemicals before it had
spread. There is still very great dan
ger from grass fires, and students
should be careful to extinguish cigar
ettes before throwing them away, the
Chief stated.
A small grass tire between the
Library and the Engineering corner
was put out by the fire department
about 2:30 yesterday afternoon when
an alarm was brought in by passing
students. The fire, which in the opin
ion of Fire Chief Dugan was caused
by a burning cigarette, was extin
guished with chemicals before it had
spread. There is still very great dan
ger from grass fires, and students
should be careful to extinguish cigar
ettes before throwing them away, the
Chief stated.
A small grass tire between the
Library and the Engineering corner
was put out by the fire department
about 2:30 yesterday afternoon when
an alarm was brought in by passing
students. The fire, which in the opin
ion of Fire Chief Dugan was caused
by a burning cigarette, was extin
guished with chemicals before it had
spread. There is still very great dan
ger from grass fires, and students
should be careful to extinguish cigar
ettes before throwing them away, the
Chief stated.
A small grass tire between the
Library and the Engineering corner
was put out by the fire department
about 2:30 yesterday afternoon when
an alarm was brought in by passing
students. The fire, which in the opin
ion of Fire Chief Dugan was caused
by a burning cigarette, was extin
guished with chemicals before it had
spread. There is still very great dan
ger from grass fires, and students
should be careful to extinguish cigar
ettes before throwing them away, the
Chief stated.
A small grass tire between the
Library and the Engineering corner
was put out by the fire department
about 2:30 yesterday afternoon when
an alarm was brought in by passing
students. The fire, which in the opin
ion of Fire Chief Dugan was caused
by a burning cigarette, was extin
guished with chemicals before it had
spread. There is still very great dan
ger from grass fires, and students
should be careful to extinguish cigar
ettes before throwing them away, the
Chief stated.
A small grass tire between the
Library and the Engineering corner
was put out by the fire department
about 2:30 yesterday afternoon when
an alarm was brought in by passing
students. The fire, which in the opin
ion of Fire Chief Dugan was caused
by a burning cigarette, was extin
guished with chemicals before it had
spread. There is still very great dan
ger from grass fires, and students
should be careful to extinguish cigar
ettes before throwing them away, the
Chief stated.
A small grass tire between the
Library and the Engineering corner
was put out by the fire department
about 2:30 yesterday afternoon when
an alarm was brought in by passing
students. The fire, which in the opin
ion of Fire Chief Dugan was caused
by a burning cigarette, was extin
guished with chemicals before it had
spread. There is still very great dan
ger from grass fires, and students
should be careful to extinguish cigar
ettes before throwing them away, the
Chief stated.
A small grass tire between the
Library and the Engineering corner
was put out by the fire department
about 2:30 yesterday afternoon when
an alarm was brought in by passing
students. The fire, which in the opin
ion of Fire Chief Dugan was caused
by a burning cigarette, was extin
guished with chemicals before it had
spread. There is still very great dan
ger from grass fires, and students
should be careful to extinguish cigar
ettes before throwing them away, the
Chief stated.
A small grass tire between the
Library and the Engineering corner
was put out by the fire department
about 2:30 yesterday afternoon when
an alarm was brought in by passing
students. The fire, which in the opin
ion of Fire Chief Dugan was caused
by a burning cigarette, was extin
guished with chemicals before it had
spread. There is still very great dan
ger from grass fires, and students
should be careful to extinguish cigar
ettes before throwing them away, the
Chief stated.
