# ALPHA SIGMA PHI PLEDGE
## 
### 
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Gene Gear, Class of '38.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Gene Gear, Class of '38.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Gene Gear, Class of '38.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Gene Gear, Class of '38.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Gene Gear, Class of '38.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Gene Gear, Class of '38.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Gene Gear, Class of '38.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Gene Gear, Class of '38.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Gene Gear, Class of '38.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Gene Gear, Class of '38.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Gene Gear, Class of '38.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Gene Gear, Class of '38.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Gene Gear, Class of '38.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Gene Gear, Class of '38.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Gene Gear, Class of '38.
Alpha Sigma Phi announces the
pledging of Gene Gear, Class of '38.
