# "ROADSIDE" OPENS DRAMA SCHEDULE
## 
### 
r FENSE moment in Dramatic C-oun
ol's autumn quarter production,
"Roadside," to be given a week from
Friday night, November 6. Consid
ered by many critics, including Ar
thur Hopkins, one of America's most
outstanding young playwrights, Lynn
Riggs, the author, has written the
current Broadway success, "Russett
Mantle."
Geraldine Schreider, Stanford
sophomore who has shown some tal
ent in play readings, and Jim Corner
of "The Front Page" reading and Big
Game Gaieties fame, appear in the
productions leading roles of Texas
and Hannie Rader. Other character
izations in the folk drama will be
made by Jack Beaty, George Camp
bell, Janet Dole, Julius Hoover, Rob
ert Ireland, Edmond Kerr, Richard
McCarty, and Howard Roberts.
Stanford dramatics may have lost
its "Royal Family," but it has a new
director, Gordon Lange, with good
ideas, who is planning some great
things for it—with the new theater,
student and faculty-written dramas,
"experimental" productions of mod
ern and hitherto unproduced plays.
His and Dramatic Council's selec
tion of "Roadside' for the autumn
quarter presentation in many is
courageous. For no "June Moon is
"Roadside," but an American drama
of simple people that is individual in
subject matter, at times highly lyr
ical in style. Characters are people
Who are "walking the earth tempo
rary like they knowed sumpin' se
cret." Which is unusual in the con
temporary drama. Collective appre
ciation might even correlate with
collectvie intelligence.

r FENSE moment in Dramatic C-oun
ol's autumn quarter production,
"Roadside," to be given a week from
Friday night, November 6. Consid
ered by many critics, including Ar
thur Hopkins, one of America's most
outstanding young playwrights, Lynn
Riggs, the author, has written the
current Broadway success, "Russett
Mantle."
Geraldine Schreider, Stanford
sophomore who has shown some tal
ent in play readings, and Jim Corner
of "The Front Page" reading and Big
Game Gaieties fame, appear in the
productions leading roles of Texas
and Hannie Rader. Other character
izations in the folk drama will be
made by Jack Beaty, George Camp
bell, Janet Dole, Julius Hoover, Rob
ert Ireland, Edmond Kerr, Richard
McCarty, and Howard Roberts.
Stanford dramatics may have lost
its "Royal Family," but it has a new
director, Gordon Lange, with good
ideas, who is planning some great
things for it—with the new theater,
student and faculty-written dramas,
"experimental" productions of mod
ern and hitherto unproduced plays.
His and Dramatic Council's selec
tion of "Roadside' for the autumn
quarter presentation in many is
courageous. For no "June Moon is
"Roadside," but an American drama
of simple people that is individual in
subject matter, at times highly lyr
ical in style. Characters are people
Who are "walking the earth tempo
rary like they knowed sumpin' se
cret." Which is unusual in the con
temporary drama. Collective appre
ciation might even correlate with
collectvie intelligence.

r FENSE moment in Dramatic C-oun
ol's autumn quarter production,
"Roadside," to be given a week from
Friday night, November 6. Consid
ered by many critics, including Ar
thur Hopkins, one of America's most
outstanding young playwrights, Lynn
Riggs, the author, has written the
current Broadway success, "Russett
Mantle."
Geraldine Schreider, Stanford
sophomore who has shown some tal
ent in play readings, and Jim Corner
of "The Front Page" reading and Big
Game Gaieties fame, appear in the
productions leading roles of Texas
and Hannie Rader. Other character
izations in the folk drama will be
made by Jack Beaty, George Camp
bell, Janet Dole, Julius Hoover, Rob
ert Ireland, Edmond Kerr, Richard
McCarty, and Howard Roberts.
Stanford dramatics may have lost
its "Royal Family," but it has a new
director, Gordon Lange, with good
ideas, who is planning some great
things for it—with the new theater,
student and faculty-written dramas,
"experimental" productions of mod
ern and hitherto unproduced plays.
His and Dramatic Council's selec
tion of "Roadside' for the autumn
quarter presentation in many is
courageous. For no "June Moon is
"Roadside," but an American drama
of simple people that is individual in
subject matter, at times highly lyr
ical in style. Characters are people
Who are "walking the earth tempo
rary like they knowed sumpin' se
cret." Which is unusual in the con
temporary drama. Collective appre
ciation might even correlate with
collectvie intelligence.

r FENSE moment in Dramatic C-oun
ol's autumn quarter production,
"Roadside," to be given a week from
Friday night, November 6. Consid
ered by many critics, including Ar
thur Hopkins, one of America's most
outstanding young playwrights, Lynn
Riggs, the author, has written the
current Broadway success, "Russett
Mantle."
Geraldine Schreider, Stanford
sophomore who has shown some tal
ent in play readings, and Jim Corner
of "The Front Page" reading and Big
Game Gaieties fame, appear in the
productions leading roles of Texas
and Hannie Rader. Other character
izations in the folk drama will be
made by Jack Beaty, George Camp
bell, Janet Dole, Julius Hoover, Rob
ert Ireland, Edmond Kerr, Richard
McCarty, and Howard Roberts.
Stanford dramatics may have lost
its "Royal Family," but it has a new
director, Gordon Lange, with good
ideas, who is planning some great
things for it—with the new theater,
student and faculty-written dramas,
"experimental" productions of mod
ern and hitherto unproduced plays.
His and Dramatic Council's selec
tion of "Roadside' for the autumn
quarter presentation in many is
courageous. For no "June Moon is
"Roadside," but an American drama
of simple people that is individual in
subject matter, at times highly lyr
ical in style. Characters are people
Who are "walking the earth tempo
rary like they knowed sumpin' se
cret." Which is unusual in the con
temporary drama. Collective appre
ciation might even correlate with
collectvie intelligence.

r FENSE moment in Dramatic C-oun
ol's autumn quarter production,
"Roadside," to be given a week from
Friday night, November 6. Consid
ered by many critics, including Ar
thur Hopkins, one of America's most
outstanding young playwrights, Lynn
Riggs, the author, has written the
current Broadway success, "Russett
Mantle."
Geraldine Schreider, Stanford
sophomore who has shown some tal
ent in play readings, and Jim Corner
of "The Front Page" reading and Big
Game Gaieties fame, appear in the
productions leading roles of Texas
and Hannie Rader. Other character
izations in the folk drama will be
made by Jack Beaty, George Camp
bell, Janet Dole, Julius Hoover, Rob
ert Ireland, Edmond Kerr, Richard
McCarty, and Howard Roberts.
Stanford dramatics may have lost
its "Royal Family," but it has a new
director, Gordon Lange, with good
ideas, who is planning some great
things for it—with the new theater,
student and faculty-written dramas,
"experimental" productions of mod
ern and hitherto unproduced plays.
His and Dramatic Council's selec
tion of "Roadside' for the autumn
quarter presentation in many is
courageous. For no "June Moon is
"Roadside," but an American drama
of simple people that is individual in
subject matter, at times highly lyr
ical in style. Characters are people
Who are "walking the earth tempo
rary like they knowed sumpin' se
cret." Which is unusual in the con
temporary drama. Collective appre
ciation might even correlate with
collectvie intelligence.

r FENSE moment in Dramatic C-oun
ol's autumn quarter production,
"Roadside," to be given a week from
Friday night, November 6. Consid
ered by many critics, including Ar
thur Hopkins, one of America's most
outstanding young playwrights, Lynn
Riggs, the author, has written the
current Broadway success, "Russett
Mantle."
Geraldine Schreider, Stanford
sophomore who has shown some tal
ent in play readings, and Jim Corner
of "The Front Page" reading and Big
Game Gaieties fame, appear in the
productions leading roles of Texas
and Hannie Rader. Other character
izations in the folk drama will be
made by Jack Beaty, George Camp
bell, Janet Dole, Julius Hoover, Rob
ert Ireland, Edmond Kerr, Richard
McCarty, and Howard Roberts.
Stanford dramatics may have lost
its "Royal Family," but it has a new
director, Gordon Lange, with good
ideas, who is planning some great
things for it—with the new theater,
student and faculty-written dramas,
"experimental" productions of mod
ern and hitherto unproduced plays.
His and Dramatic Council's selec
tion of "Roadside' for the autumn
quarter presentation in many is
courageous. For no "June Moon is
"Roadside," but an American drama
of simple people that is individual in
subject matter, at times highly lyr
ical in style. Characters are people
Who are "walking the earth tempo
rary like they knowed sumpin' se
cret." Which is unusual in the con
temporary drama. Collective appre
ciation might even correlate with
collectvie intelligence.

r FENSE moment in Dramatic C-oun
ol's autumn quarter production,
"Roadside," to be given a week from
Friday night, November 6. Consid
ered by many critics, including Ar
thur Hopkins, one of America's most
outstanding young playwrights, Lynn
Riggs, the author, has written the
current Broadway success, "Russett
Mantle."
Geraldine Schreider, Stanford
sophomore who has shown some tal
ent in play readings, and Jim Corner
of "The Front Page" reading and Big
Game Gaieties fame, appear in the
productions leading roles of Texas
and Hannie Rader. Other character
izations in the folk drama will be
made by Jack Beaty, George Camp
bell, Janet Dole, Julius Hoover, Rob
ert Ireland, Edmond Kerr, Richard
McCarty, and Howard Roberts.
Stanford dramatics may have lost
its "Royal Family," but it has a new
director, Gordon Lange, with good
ideas, who is planning some great
things for it—with the new theater,
student and faculty-written dramas,
"experimental" productions of mod
ern and hitherto unproduced plays.
His and Dramatic Council's selec
tion of "Roadside' for the autumn
quarter presentation in many is
courageous. For no "June Moon is
"Roadside," but an American drama
of simple people that is individual in
subject matter, at times highly lyr
ical in style. Characters are people
Who are "walking the earth tempo
rary like they knowed sumpin' se
cret." Which is unusual in the con
temporary drama. Collective appre
ciation might even correlate with
collectvie intelligence.

r FENSE moment in Dramatic C-oun
ol's autumn quarter production,
"Roadside," to be given a week from
Friday night, November 6. Consid
ered by many critics, including Ar
thur Hopkins, one of America's most
outstanding young playwrights, Lynn
Riggs, the author, has written the
current Broadway success, "Russett
Mantle."
Geraldine Schreider, Stanford
sophomore who has shown some tal
ent in play readings, and Jim Corner
of "The Front Page" reading and Big
Game Gaieties fame, appear in the
productions leading roles of Texas
and Hannie Rader. Other character
izations in the folk drama will be
made by Jack Beaty, George Camp
bell, Janet Dole, Julius Hoover, Rob
ert Ireland, Edmond Kerr, Richard
McCarty, and Howard Roberts.
Stanford dramatics may have lost
its "Royal Family," but it has a new
director, Gordon Lange, with good
ideas, who is planning some great
things for it—with the new theater,
student and faculty-written dramas,
"experimental" productions of mod
ern and hitherto unproduced plays.
His and Dramatic Council's selec
tion of "Roadside' for the autumn
quarter presentation in many is
courageous. For no "June Moon is
"Roadside," but an American drama
of simple people that is individual in
subject matter, at times highly lyr
ical in style. Characters are people
Who are "walking the earth tempo
rary like they knowed sumpin' se
cret." Which is unusual in the con
temporary drama. Collective appre
ciation might even correlate with
collectvie intelligence.

r FENSE moment in Dramatic C-oun
ol's autumn quarter production,
"Roadside," to be given a week from
Friday night, November 6. Consid
ered by many critics, including Ar
thur Hopkins, one of America's most
outstanding young playwrights, Lynn
Riggs, the author, has written the
current Broadway success, "Russett
Mantle."
Geraldine Schreider, Stanford
sophomore who has shown some tal
ent in play readings, and Jim Corner
of "The Front Page" reading and Big
Game Gaieties fame, appear in the
productions leading roles of Texas
and Hannie Rader. Other character
izations in the folk drama will be
made by Jack Beaty, George Camp
bell, Janet Dole, Julius Hoover, Rob
ert Ireland, Edmond Kerr, Richard
McCarty, and Howard Roberts.
Stanford dramatics may have lost
its "Royal Family," but it has a new
director, Gordon Lange, with good
ideas, who is planning some great
things for it—with the new theater,
student and faculty-written dramas,
"experimental" productions of mod
ern and hitherto unproduced plays.
His and Dramatic Council's selec
tion of "Roadside' for the autumn
quarter presentation in many is
courageous. For no "June Moon is
"Roadside," but an American drama
of simple people that is individual in
subject matter, at times highly lyr
ical in style. Characters are people
Who are "walking the earth tempo
rary like they knowed sumpin' se
cret." Which is unusual in the con
temporary drama. Collective appre
ciation might even correlate with
collectvie intelligence.

r FENSE moment in Dramatic C-oun
ol's autumn quarter production,
"Roadside," to be given a week from
Friday night, November 6. Consid
ered by many critics, including Ar
thur Hopkins, one of America's most
outstanding young playwrights, Lynn
Riggs, the author, has written the
current Broadway success, "Russett
Mantle."
Geraldine Schreider, Stanford
sophomore who has shown some tal
ent in play readings, and Jim Corner
of "The Front Page" reading and Big
Game Gaieties fame, appear in the
productions leading roles of Texas
and Hannie Rader. Other character
izations in the folk drama will be
made by Jack Beaty, George Camp
bell, Janet Dole, Julius Hoover, Rob
ert Ireland, Edmond Kerr, Richard
McCarty, and Howard Roberts.
Stanford dramatics may have lost
its "Royal Family," but it has a new
director, Gordon Lange, with good
ideas, who is planning some great
things for it—with the new theater,
student and faculty-written dramas,
"experimental" productions of mod
ern and hitherto unproduced plays.
His and Dramatic Council's selec
tion of "Roadside' for the autumn
quarter presentation in many is
courageous. For no "June Moon is
"Roadside," but an American drama
of simple people that is individual in
subject matter, at times highly lyr
ical in style. Characters are people
Who are "walking the earth tempo
rary like they knowed sumpin' se
cret." Which is unusual in the con
temporary drama. Collective appre
ciation might even correlate with
collectvie intelligence.

r FENSE moment in Dramatic C-oun
ol's autumn quarter production,
"Roadside," to be given a week from
Friday night, November 6. Consid
ered by many critics, including Ar
thur Hopkins, one of America's most
outstanding young playwrights, Lynn
Riggs, the author, has written the
current Broadway success, "Russett
Mantle."
Geraldine Schreider, Stanford
sophomore who has shown some tal
ent in play readings, and Jim Corner
of "The Front Page" reading and Big
Game Gaieties fame, appear in the
productions leading roles of Texas
and Hannie Rader. Other character
izations in the folk drama will be
made by Jack Beaty, George Camp
bell, Janet Dole, Julius Hoover, Rob
ert Ireland, Edmond Kerr, Richard
McCarty, and Howard Roberts.
Stanford dramatics may have lost
its "Royal Family," but it has a new
director, Gordon Lange, with good
ideas, who is planning some great
things for it—with the new theater,
student and faculty-written dramas,
"experimental" productions of mod
ern and hitherto unproduced plays.
His and Dramatic Council's selec
tion of "Roadside' for the autumn
quarter presentation in many is
courageous. For no "June Moon is
"Roadside," but an American drama
of simple people that is individual in
subject matter, at times highly lyr
ical in style. Characters are people
Who are "walking the earth tempo
rary like they knowed sumpin' se
cret." Which is unusual in the con
temporary drama. Collective appre
ciation might even correlate with
collectvie intelligence.

r FENSE moment in Dramatic C-oun
ol's autumn quarter production,
"Roadside," to be given a week from
Friday night, November 6. Consid
ered by many critics, including Ar
thur Hopkins, one of America's most
outstanding young playwrights, Lynn
Riggs, the author, has written the
current Broadway success, "Russett
Mantle."
Geraldine Schreider, Stanford
sophomore who has shown some tal
ent in play readings, and Jim Corner
of "The Front Page" reading and Big
Game Gaieties fame, appear in the
productions leading roles of Texas
and Hannie Rader. Other character
izations in the folk drama will be
made by Jack Beaty, George Camp
bell, Janet Dole, Julius Hoover, Rob
ert Ireland, Edmond Kerr, Richard
McCarty, and Howard Roberts.
Stanford dramatics may have lost
its "Royal Family," but it has a new
director, Gordon Lange, with good
ideas, who is planning some great
things for it—with the new theater,
student and faculty-written dramas,
"experimental" productions of mod
ern and hitherto unproduced plays.
His and Dramatic Council's selec
tion of "Roadside' for the autumn
quarter presentation in many is
courageous. For no "June Moon is
"Roadside," but an American drama
of simple people that is individual in
subject matter, at times highly lyr
ical in style. Characters are people
Who are "walking the earth tempo
rary like they knowed sumpin' se
cret." Which is unusual in the con
temporary drama. Collective appre
ciation might even correlate with
collectvie intelligence.

r FENSE moment in Dramatic C-oun
ol's autumn quarter production,
"Roadside," to be given a week from
Friday night, November 6. Consid
ered by many critics, including Ar
thur Hopkins, one of America's most
outstanding young playwrights, Lynn
Riggs, the author, has written the
current Broadway success, "Russett
Mantle."
Geraldine Schreider, Stanford
sophomore who has shown some tal
ent in play readings, and Jim Corner
of "The Front Page" reading and Big
Game Gaieties fame, appear in the
productions leading roles of Texas
and Hannie Rader. Other character
izations in the folk drama will be
made by Jack Beaty, George Camp
bell, Janet Dole, Julius Hoover, Rob
ert Ireland, Edmond Kerr, Richard
McCarty, and Howard Roberts.
Stanford dramatics may have lost
its "Royal Family," but it has a new
director, Gordon Lange, with good
ideas, who is planning some great
things for it—with the new theater,
student and faculty-written dramas,
"experimental" productions of mod
ern and hitherto unproduced plays.
His and Dramatic Council's selec
tion of "Roadside' for the autumn
quarter presentation in many is
courageous. For no "June Moon is
"Roadside," but an American drama
of simple people that is individual in
subject matter, at times highly lyr
ical in style. Characters are people
Who are "walking the earth tempo
rary like they knowed sumpin' se
cret." Which is unusual in the con
temporary drama. Collective appre
ciation might even correlate with
collectvie intelligence.

r FENSE moment in Dramatic C-oun
ol's autumn quarter production,
"Roadside," to be given a week from
Friday night, November 6. Consid
ered by many critics, including Ar
thur Hopkins, one of America's most
outstanding young playwrights, Lynn
Riggs, the author, has written the
current Broadway success, "Russett
Mantle."
Geraldine Schreider, Stanford
sophomore who has shown some tal
ent in play readings, and Jim Corner
of "The Front Page" reading and Big
Game Gaieties fame, appear in the
productions leading roles of Texas
and Hannie Rader. Other character
izations in the folk drama will be
made by Jack Beaty, George Camp
bell, Janet Dole, Julius Hoover, Rob
ert Ireland, Edmond Kerr, Richard
McCarty, and Howard Roberts.
Stanford dramatics may have lost
its "Royal Family," but it has a new
director, Gordon Lange, with good
ideas, who is planning some great
things for it—with the new theater,
student and faculty-written dramas,
"experimental" productions of mod
ern and hitherto unproduced plays.
His and Dramatic Council's selec
tion of "Roadside' for the autumn
quarter presentation in many is
courageous. For no "June Moon is
"Roadside," but an American drama
of simple people that is individual in
subject matter, at times highly lyr
ical in style. Characters are people
Who are "walking the earth tempo
rary like they knowed sumpin' se
cret." Which is unusual in the con
temporary drama. Collective appre
ciation might even correlate with
collectvie intelligence.

r FENSE moment in Dramatic C-oun
ol's autumn quarter production,
"Roadside," to be given a week from
Friday night, November 6. Consid
ered by many critics, including Ar
thur Hopkins, one of America's most
outstanding young playwrights, Lynn
Riggs, the author, has written the
current Broadway success, "Russett
Mantle."
Geraldine Schreider, Stanford
sophomore who has shown some tal
ent in play readings, and Jim Corner
of "The Front Page" reading and Big
Game Gaieties fame, appear in the
productions leading roles of Texas
and Hannie Rader. Other character
izations in the folk drama will be
made by Jack Beaty, George Camp
bell, Janet Dole, Julius Hoover, Rob
ert Ireland, Edmond Kerr, Richard
McCarty, and Howard Roberts.
Stanford dramatics may have lost
its "Royal Family," but it has a new
director, Gordon Lange, with good
ideas, who is planning some great
things for it—with the new theater,
student and faculty-written dramas,
"experimental" productions of mod
ern and hitherto unproduced plays.
His and Dramatic Council's selec
tion of "Roadside' for the autumn
quarter presentation in many is
courageous. For no "June Moon is
"Roadside," but an American drama
of simple people that is individual in
subject matter, at times highly lyr
ical in style. Characters are people
Who are "walking the earth tempo
rary like they knowed sumpin' se
cret." Which is unusual in the con
temporary drama. Collective appre
ciation might even correlate with
collectvie intelligence.

r FENSE moment in Dramatic C-oun
ol's autumn quarter production,
"Roadside," to be given a week from
Friday night, November 6. Consid
ered by many critics, including Ar
thur Hopkins, one of America's most
outstanding young playwrights, Lynn
Riggs, the author, has written the
current Broadway success, "Russett
Mantle."
Geraldine Schreider, Stanford
sophomore who has shown some tal
ent in play readings, and Jim Corner
of "The Front Page" reading and Big
Game Gaieties fame, appear in the
productions leading roles of Texas
and Hannie Rader. Other character
izations in the folk drama will be
made by Jack Beaty, George Camp
bell, Janet Dole, Julius Hoover, Rob
ert Ireland, Edmond Kerr, Richard
McCarty, and Howard Roberts.
Stanford dramatics may have lost
its "Royal Family," but it has a new
director, Gordon Lange, with good
ideas, who is planning some great
things for it—with the new theater,
student and faculty-written dramas,
"experimental" productions of mod
ern and hitherto unproduced plays.
His and Dramatic Council's selec
tion of "Roadside' for the autumn
quarter presentation in many is
courageous. For no "June Moon is
"Roadside," but an American drama
of simple people that is individual in
subject matter, at times highly lyr
ical in style. Characters are people
Who are "walking the earth tempo
rary like they knowed sumpin' se
cret." Which is unusual in the con
temporary drama. Collective appre
ciation might even correlate with
collectvie intelligence.

