# Untitled Article
## 
### 
This is the first of a series at
tempting to evaluate the contri
butions of a college career to
getting or keeping a job. In
terviews with leaders in vari
ous fields, most of them Stan
ford alumni, will describe their
work and find if your years of
classes and Quad helped or hin
dered.—The Editor
This is the first of a series at
tempting to evaluate the contri
butions of a college career to
getting or keeping a job. In
terviews with leaders in vari
ous fields, most of them Stan
ford alumni, will describe their
work and find if your years of
classes and Quad helped or hin
dered.—The Editor
This is the first of a series at
tempting to evaluate the contri
butions of a college career to
getting or keeping a job. In
terviews with leaders in vari
ous fields, most of them Stan
ford alumni, will describe their
work and find if your years of
classes and Quad helped or hin
dered.—The Editor
This is the first of a series at
tempting to evaluate the contri
butions of a college career to
getting or keeping a job. In
terviews with leaders in vari
ous fields, most of them Stan
ford alumni, will describe their
work and find if your years of
classes and Quad helped or hin
dered.—The Editor
This is the first of a series at
tempting to evaluate the contri
butions of a college career to
getting or keeping a job. In
terviews with leaders in vari
ous fields, most of them Stan
ford alumni, will describe their
work and find if your years of
classes and Quad helped or hin
dered.—The Editor
This is the first of a series at
tempting to evaluate the contri
butions of a college career to
getting or keeping a job. In
terviews with leaders in vari
ous fields, most of them Stan
ford alumni, will describe their
work and find if your years of
classes and Quad helped or hin
dered.—The Editor
This is the first of a series at
tempting to evaluate the contri
butions of a college career to
getting or keeping a job. In
terviews with leaders in vari
ous fields, most of them Stan
ford alumni, will describe their
work and find if your years of
classes and Quad helped or hin
dered.—The Editor
This is the first of a series at
tempting to evaluate the contri
butions of a college career to
getting or keeping a job. In
terviews with leaders in vari
ous fields, most of them Stan
ford alumni, will describe their
work and find if your years of
classes and Quad helped or hin
dered.—The Editor
This is the first of a series at
tempting to evaluate the contri
butions of a college career to
getting or keeping a job. In
terviews with leaders in vari
ous fields, most of them Stan
ford alumni, will describe their
work and find if your years of
classes and Quad helped or hin
dered.—The Editor
This is the first of a series at
tempting to evaluate the contri
butions of a college career to
getting or keeping a job. In
terviews with leaders in vari
ous fields, most of them Stan
ford alumni, will describe their
work and find if your years of
classes and Quad helped or hin
dered.—The Editor
This is the first of a series at
tempting to evaluate the contri
butions of a college career to
getting or keeping a job. In
terviews with leaders in vari
ous fields, most of them Stan
ford alumni, will describe their
work and find if your years of
classes and Quad helped or hin
dered.—The Editor
This is the first of a series at
tempting to evaluate the contri
butions of a college career to
getting or keeping a job. In
terviews with leaders in vari
ous fields, most of them Stan
ford alumni, will describe their
work and find if your years of
classes and Quad helped or hin
dered.—The Editor
This is the first of a series at
tempting to evaluate the contri
butions of a college career to
getting or keeping a job. In
terviews with leaders in vari
ous fields, most of them Stan
ford alumni, will describe their
work and find if your years of
classes and Quad helped or hin
dered.—The Editor
This is the first of a series at
tempting to evaluate the contri
butions of a college career to
getting or keeping a job. In
terviews with leaders in vari
ous fields, most of them Stan
ford alumni, will describe their
work and find if your years of
classes and Quad helped or hin
dered.—The Editor
This is the first of a series at
tempting to evaluate the contri
butions of a college career to
getting or keeping a job. In
terviews with leaders in vari
ous fields, most of them Stan
ford alumni, will describe their
work and find if your years of
classes and Quad helped or hin
dered.—The Editor
This is the first of a series at
tempting to evaluate the contri
butions of a college career to
getting or keeping a job. In
terviews with leaders in vari
ous fields, most of them Stan
ford alumni, will describe their
work and find if your years of
classes and Quad helped or hin
dered.—The Editor
