# Adv. 28 Page 6
## 
### 
SENATE MEETING
The Student Senate will meet
tonight at 7:30 in room 75 of the
Graduate School of Business. A
graduate position on the
nominations committee will be
filled at that time. Anyone
interested in the position should
attend the meeting.
SENATE MEETING
The Student Senate will meet
tonight at 7:30 in room 75 of the
Graduate School of Business. A
graduate position on the
nominations committee will be
filled at that time. Anyone
interested in the position should
attend the meeting.
SENATE MEETING
The Student Senate will meet
tonight at 7:30 in room 75 of the
Graduate School of Business. A
graduate position on the
nominations committee will be
filled at that time. Anyone
interested in the position should
attend the meeting.
SENATE MEETING
The Student Senate will meet
tonight at 7:30 in room 75 of the
Graduate School of Business. A
graduate position on the
nominations committee will be
filled at that time. Anyone
interested in the position should
attend the meeting.
SENATE MEETING
The Student Senate will meet
tonight at 7:30 in room 75 of the
Graduate School of Business. A
graduate position on the
nominations committee will be
filled at that time. Anyone
interested in the position should
attend the meeting.
SENATE MEETING
The Student Senate will meet
tonight at 7:30 in room 75 of the
Graduate School of Business. A
graduate position on the
nominations committee will be
filled at that time. Anyone
interested in the position should
attend the meeting.
SENATE MEETING
The Student Senate will meet
tonight at 7:30 in room 75 of the
Graduate School of Business. A
graduate position on the
nominations committee will be
filled at that time. Anyone
interested in the position should
attend the meeting.
SENATE MEETING
The Student Senate will meet
tonight at 7:30 in room 75 of the
Graduate School of Business. A
graduate position on the
nominations committee will be
filled at that time. Anyone
interested in the position should
attend the meeting.
SENATE MEETING
The Student Senate will meet
tonight at 7:30 in room 75 of the
Graduate School of Business. A
graduate position on the
nominations committee will be
filled at that time. Anyone
interested in the position should
attend the meeting.
SENATE MEETING
The Student Senate will meet
tonight at 7:30 in room 75 of the
Graduate School of Business. A
graduate position on the
nominations committee will be
filled at that time. Anyone
interested in the position should
attend the meeting.
SENATE MEETING
The Student Senate will meet
tonight at 7:30 in room 75 of the
Graduate School of Business. A
graduate position on the
nominations committee will be
filled at that time. Anyone
interested in the position should
attend the meeting.
SENATE MEETING
The Student Senate will meet
tonight at 7:30 in room 75 of the
Graduate School of Business. A
graduate position on the
nominations committee will be
filled at that time. Anyone
interested in the position should
attend the meeting.
SENATE MEETING
The Student Senate will meet
tonight at 7:30 in room 75 of the
Graduate School of Business. A
graduate position on the
nominations committee will be
filled at that time. Anyone
interested in the position should
attend the meeting.
SENATE MEETING
The Student Senate will meet
tonight at 7:30 in room 75 of the
Graduate School of Business. A
graduate position on the
nominations committee will be
filled at that time. Anyone
interested in the position should
attend the meeting.
