# Adv. 1 Page 2
## 
### 
Like to become a Daily
columnist next year? To find
out what's involved, contact
the Opinions Editors. Regular
columnists are guaranteed
space on this page, earn the
respect of few, the enmity of
many, and about two cents a
column. If you want a rugged
editorial workout next year,
become a regular on the
second page of the Daily,
where we try harder.
Like to become a Daily
columnist next year? To find
out what's involved, contact
the Opinions Editors. Regular
columnists are guaranteed
space on this page, earn the
respect of few, the enmity of
many, and about two cents a
column. If you want a rugged
editorial workout next year,
become a regular on the
second page of the Daily,
where we try harder.
Like to become a Daily
columnist next year? To find
out what's involved, contact
the Opinions Editors. Regular
columnists are guaranteed
space on this page, earn the
respect of few, the enmity of
many, and about two cents a
column. If you want a rugged
editorial workout next year,
become a regular on the
second page of the Daily,
where we try harder.
Like to become a Daily
columnist next year? To find
out what's involved, contact
the Opinions Editors. Regular
columnists are guaranteed
space on this page, earn the
respect of few, the enmity of
many, and about two cents a
column. If you want a rugged
editorial workout next year,
become a regular on the
second page of the Daily,
where we try harder.
Like to become a Daily
columnist next year? To find
out what's involved, contact
the Opinions Editors. Regular
columnists are guaranteed
space on this page, earn the
respect of few, the enmity of
many, and about two cents a
column. If you want a rugged
editorial workout next year,
become a regular on the
second page of the Daily,
where we try harder.
Like to become a Daily
columnist next year? To find
out what's involved, contact
the Opinions Editors. Regular
columnists are guaranteed
space on this page, earn the
respect of few, the enmity of
many, and about two cents a
column. If you want a rugged
editorial workout next year,
become a regular on the
second page of the Daily,
where we try harder.
Like to become a Daily
columnist next year? To find
out what's involved, contact
the Opinions Editors. Regular
columnists are guaranteed
space on this page, earn the
respect of few, the enmity of
many, and about two cents a
column. If you want a rugged
editorial workout next year,
become a regular on the
second page of the Daily,
where we try harder.
Like to become a Daily
columnist next year? To find
out what's involved, contact
the Opinions Editors. Regular
columnists are guaranteed
space on this page, earn the
respect of few, the enmity of
many, and about two cents a
column. If you want a rugged
editorial workout next year,
become a regular on the
second page of the Daily,
where we try harder.
Like to become a Daily
columnist next year? To find
out what's involved, contact
the Opinions Editors. Regular
columnists are guaranteed
space on this page, earn the
respect of few, the enmity of
many, and about two cents a
column. If you want a rugged
editorial workout next year,
become a regular on the
second page of the Daily,
where we try harder.
Like to become a Daily
columnist next year? To find
out what's involved, contact
the Opinions Editors. Regular
columnists are guaranteed
space on this page, earn the
respect of few, the enmity of
many, and about two cents a
column. If you want a rugged
editorial workout next year,
become a regular on the
second page of the Daily,
where we try harder.
Like to become a Daily
columnist next year? To find
out what's involved, contact
the Opinions Editors. Regular
columnists are guaranteed
space on this page, earn the
respect of few, the enmity of
many, and about two cents a
column. If you want a rugged
editorial workout next year,
become a regular on the
second page of the Daily,
where we try harder.
Like to become a Daily
columnist next year? To find
out what's involved, contact
the Opinions Editors. Regular
columnists are guaranteed
space on this page, earn the
respect of few, the enmity of
many, and about two cents a
column. If you want a rugged
editorial workout next year,
become a regular on the
second page of the Daily,
where we try harder.
Like to become a Daily
columnist next year? To find
out what's involved, contact
the Opinions Editors. Regular
columnists are guaranteed
space on this page, earn the
respect of few, the enmity of
many, and about two cents a
column. If you want a rugged
editorial workout next year,
become a regular on the
second page of the Daily,
where we try harder.
Like to become a Daily
columnist next year? To find
out what's involved, contact
the Opinions Editors. Regular
columnists are guaranteed
space on this page, earn the
respect of few, the enmity of
many, and about two cents a
column. If you want a rugged
editorial workout next year,
become a regular on the
second page of the Daily,
where we try harder.
