# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS*
m \
ft
A treat instead of a
treatment . . . that's
what your knees get
when you wear Ber
mudas or walk shorts
as you may prefer.
And right now R/A
has the most com
plete stock ever
ranging from the
crisp cotton cords
at 5.95 to more ritxy
ones at higher but
honest prices.
■
■
I
■
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS*
m \
ft
A treat instead of a
treatment . . . that's
what your knees get
when you wear Ber
mudas or walk shorts
as you may prefer.
And right now R/A
has the most com
plete stock ever
ranging from the
crisp cotton cords
at 5.95 to more ritxy
ones at higher but
honest prices.
■
■
I
■
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS*
m \
ft
A treat instead of a
treatment . . . that's
what your knees get
when you wear Ber
mudas or walk shorts
as you may prefer.
And right now R/A
has the most com
plete stock ever
ranging from the
crisp cotton cords
at 5.95 to more ritxy
ones at higher but
honest prices.
■
■
I
■
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS*
m \
ft
A treat instead of a
treatment . . . that's
what your knees get
when you wear Ber
mudas or walk shorts
as you may prefer.
And right now R/A
has the most com
plete stock ever
ranging from the
crisp cotton cords
at 5.95 to more ritxy
ones at higher but
honest prices.
■
■
I
■
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS*
m \
ft
A treat instead of a
treatment . . . that's
what your knees get
when you wear Ber
mudas or walk shorts
as you may prefer.
And right now R/A
has the most com
plete stock ever
ranging from the
crisp cotton cords
at 5.95 to more ritxy
ones at higher but
honest prices.
■
■
I
■
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS*
m \
ft
A treat instead of a
treatment . . . that's
what your knees get
when you wear Ber
mudas or walk shorts
as you may prefer.
And right now R/A
has the most com
plete stock ever
ranging from the
crisp cotton cords
at 5.95 to more ritxy
ones at higher but
honest prices.
■
■
I
■
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS*
m \
ft
A treat instead of a
treatment . . . that's
what your knees get
when you wear Ber
mudas or walk shorts
as you may prefer.
And right now R/A
has the most com
plete stock ever
ranging from the
crisp cotton cords
at 5.95 to more ritxy
ones at higher but
honest prices.
■
■
I
■
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS*
m \
ft
A treat instead of a
treatment . . . that's
what your knees get
when you wear Ber
mudas or walk shorts
as you may prefer.
And right now R/A
has the most com
plete stock ever
ranging from the
crisp cotton cords
at 5.95 to more ritxy
ones at higher but
honest prices.
■
■
I
■
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS*
m \
ft
A treat instead of a
treatment . . . that's
what your knees get
when you wear Ber
mudas or walk shorts
as you may prefer.
And right now R/A
has the most com
plete stock ever
ranging from the
crisp cotton cords
at 5.95 to more ritxy
ones at higher but
honest prices.
■
■
I
■
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS*
m \
ft
A treat instead of a
treatment . . . that's
what your knees get
when you wear Ber
mudas or walk shorts
as you may prefer.
And right now R/A
has the most com
plete stock ever
ranging from the
crisp cotton cords
at 5.95 to more ritxy
ones at higher but
honest prices.
■
■
I
■
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS*
m \
ft
A treat instead of a
treatment . . . that's
what your knees get
when you wear Ber
mudas or walk shorts
as you may prefer.
And right now R/A
has the most com
plete stock ever
ranging from the
crisp cotton cords
at 5.95 to more ritxy
ones at higher but
honest prices.
■
■
I
■
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS*
m \
ft
A treat instead of a
treatment . . . that's
what your knees get
when you wear Ber
mudas or walk shorts
as you may prefer.
And right now R/A
has the most com
plete stock ever
ranging from the
crisp cotton cords
at 5.95 to more ritxy
ones at higher but
honest prices.
■
■
I
■
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS*
m \
ft
A treat instead of a
treatment . . . that's
what your knees get
when you wear Ber
mudas or walk shorts
as you may prefer.
And right now R/A
has the most com
plete stock ever
ranging from the
crisp cotton cords
at 5.95 to more ritxy
ones at higher but
honest prices.
■
■
I
■
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS*
m \
ft
A treat instead of a
treatment . . . that's
what your knees get
when you wear Ber
mudas or walk shorts
as you may prefer.
And right now R/A
has the most com
plete stock ever
ranging from the
crisp cotton cords
at 5.95 to more ritxy
ones at higher but
honest prices.
■
■
I
■
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS*
m \
ft
A treat instead of a
treatment . . . that's
what your knees get
when you wear Ber
mudas or walk shorts
as you may prefer.
And right now R/A
has the most com
plete stock ever
ranging from the
crisp cotton cords
at 5.95 to more ritxy
ones at higher but
honest prices.
■
■
I
■
ROQS/ATKINS
INDIANS*
m \
ft
A treat instead of a
treatment . . . that's
what your knees get
when you wear Ber
mudas or walk shorts
as you may prefer.
And right now R/A
has the most com
plete stock ever
ranging from the
crisp cotton cords
at 5.95 to more ritxy
ones at higher but
honest prices.
■
■
I
■
ROQS/ATKINS
