# Laughton Presents Readings
## 
### 
CHARLES LAUGHTON
Tonight at 8:30 Charles Laugh
ton will provide his answer to
those who claim Americans are
illiterate.
Reading aloud in Memorial Au
ditorium he will present “some
thing from Julius Caesar, a piece
on sex by Plato and something by
Jack Kerouac from ‘The Dharma
Bums.’ ”
Seniors will have a special
chance to demonstrate their liter
ary acumen; a block of 300 of the
best seats in the house is being
saved for them. They can get
passes at the Memorial Audito
rium Box Office. Seniors, profes
sors anrl their friends will also
have the opportunity to enjoy a
reception with refreshments at
7:30 p.m. on the Memorial Audi
torium patio.
Laughton is being sponsored by
the senior class and the Commit
tee on Public Exercises. Tickets
are on sale at the Memorial Audi
torium at $2 for students and $3
for the general public.

CHARLES LAUGHTON
Tonight at 8:30 Charles Laugh
ton will provide his answer to
those who claim Americans are
illiterate.
Reading aloud in Memorial Au
ditorium he will present “some
thing from Julius Caesar, a piece
on sex by Plato and something by
Jack Kerouac from ‘The Dharma
Bums.’ ”
Seniors will have a special
chance to demonstrate their liter
ary acumen; a block of 300 of the
best seats in the house is being
saved for them. They can get
passes at the Memorial Audito
rium Box Office. Seniors, profes
sors anrl their friends will also
have the opportunity to enjoy a
reception with refreshments at
7:30 p.m. on the Memorial Audi
torium patio.
Laughton is being sponsored by
the senior class and the Commit
tee on Public Exercises. Tickets
are on sale at the Memorial Audi
torium at $2 for students and $3
for the general public.

CHARLES LAUGHTON
Tonight at 8:30 Charles Laugh
ton will provide his answer to
those who claim Americans are
illiterate.
Reading aloud in Memorial Au
ditorium he will present “some
thing from Julius Caesar, a piece
on sex by Plato and something by
Jack Kerouac from ‘The Dharma
Bums.’ ”
Seniors will have a special
chance to demonstrate their liter
ary acumen; a block of 300 of the
best seats in the house is being
saved for them. They can get
passes at the Memorial Audito
rium Box Office. Seniors, profes
sors anrl their friends will also
have the opportunity to enjoy a
reception with refreshments at
7:30 p.m. on the Memorial Audi
torium patio.
Laughton is being sponsored by
the senior class and the Commit
tee on Public Exercises. Tickets
are on sale at the Memorial Audi
torium at $2 for students and $3
for the general public.

CHARLES LAUGHTON
Tonight at 8:30 Charles Laugh
ton will provide his answer to
those who claim Americans are
illiterate.
Reading aloud in Memorial Au
ditorium he will present “some
thing from Julius Caesar, a piece
on sex by Plato and something by
Jack Kerouac from ‘The Dharma
Bums.’ ”
Seniors will have a special
chance to demonstrate their liter
ary acumen; a block of 300 of the
best seats in the house is being
saved for them. They can get
passes at the Memorial Audito
rium Box Office. Seniors, profes
sors anrl their friends will also
have the opportunity to enjoy a
reception with refreshments at
7:30 p.m. on the Memorial Audi
torium patio.
Laughton is being sponsored by
the senior class and the Commit
tee on Public Exercises. Tickets
are on sale at the Memorial Audi
torium at $2 for students and $3
for the general public.

CHARLES LAUGHTON
Tonight at 8:30 Charles Laugh
ton will provide his answer to
those who claim Americans are
illiterate.
Reading aloud in Memorial Au
ditorium he will present “some
thing from Julius Caesar, a piece
on sex by Plato and something by
Jack Kerouac from ‘The Dharma
Bums.’ ”
Seniors will have a special
chance to demonstrate their liter
ary acumen; a block of 300 of the
best seats in the house is being
saved for them. They can get
passes at the Memorial Audito
rium Box Office. Seniors, profes
sors anrl their friends will also
have the opportunity to enjoy a
reception with refreshments at
7:30 p.m. on the Memorial Audi
torium patio.
Laughton is being sponsored by
the senior class and the Commit
tee on Public Exercises. Tickets
are on sale at the Memorial Audi
torium at $2 for students and $3
for the general public.

CHARLES LAUGHTON
Tonight at 8:30 Charles Laugh
ton will provide his answer to
those who claim Americans are
illiterate.
Reading aloud in Memorial Au
ditorium he will present “some
thing from Julius Caesar, a piece
on sex by Plato and something by
Jack Kerouac from ‘The Dharma
Bums.’ ”
Seniors will have a special
chance to demonstrate their liter
ary acumen; a block of 300 of the
best seats in the house is being
saved for them. They can get
passes at the Memorial Audito
rium Box Office. Seniors, profes
sors anrl their friends will also
have the opportunity to enjoy a
reception with refreshments at
7:30 p.m. on the Memorial Audi
torium patio.
Laughton is being sponsored by
the senior class and the Commit
tee on Public Exercises. Tickets
are on sale at the Memorial Audi
torium at $2 for students and $3
for the general public.

CHARLES LAUGHTON
Tonight at 8:30 Charles Laugh
ton will provide his answer to
those who claim Americans are
illiterate.
Reading aloud in Memorial Au
ditorium he will present “some
thing from Julius Caesar, a piece
on sex by Plato and something by
Jack Kerouac from ‘The Dharma
Bums.’ ”
Seniors will have a special
chance to demonstrate their liter
ary acumen; a block of 300 of the
best seats in the house is being
saved for them. They can get
passes at the Memorial Audito
rium Box Office. Seniors, profes
sors anrl their friends will also
have the opportunity to enjoy a
reception with refreshments at
7:30 p.m. on the Memorial Audi
torium patio.
Laughton is being sponsored by
the senior class and the Commit
tee on Public Exercises. Tickets
are on sale at the Memorial Audi
torium at $2 for students and $3
for the general public.

CHARLES LAUGHTON
Tonight at 8:30 Charles Laugh
ton will provide his answer to
those who claim Americans are
illiterate.
Reading aloud in Memorial Au
ditorium he will present “some
thing from Julius Caesar, a piece
on sex by Plato and something by
Jack Kerouac from ‘The Dharma
Bums.’ ”
Seniors will have a special
chance to demonstrate their liter
ary acumen; a block of 300 of the
best seats in the house is being
saved for them. They can get
passes at the Memorial Audito
rium Box Office. Seniors, profes
sors anrl their friends will also
have the opportunity to enjoy a
reception with refreshments at
7:30 p.m. on the Memorial Audi
torium patio.
Laughton is being sponsored by
the senior class and the Commit
tee on Public Exercises. Tickets
are on sale at the Memorial Audi
torium at $2 for students and $3
for the general public.

CHARLES LAUGHTON
Tonight at 8:30 Charles Laugh
ton will provide his answer to
those who claim Americans are
illiterate.
Reading aloud in Memorial Au
ditorium he will present “some
thing from Julius Caesar, a piece
on sex by Plato and something by
Jack Kerouac from ‘The Dharma
Bums.’ ”
Seniors will have a special
chance to demonstrate their liter
ary acumen; a block of 300 of the
best seats in the house is being
saved for them. They can get
passes at the Memorial Audito
rium Box Office. Seniors, profes
sors anrl their friends will also
have the opportunity to enjoy a
reception with refreshments at
7:30 p.m. on the Memorial Audi
torium patio.
Laughton is being sponsored by
the senior class and the Commit
tee on Public Exercises. Tickets
are on sale at the Memorial Audi
torium at $2 for students and $3
for the general public.

CHARLES LAUGHTON
Tonight at 8:30 Charles Laugh
ton will provide his answer to
those who claim Americans are
illiterate.
Reading aloud in Memorial Au
ditorium he will present “some
thing from Julius Caesar, a piece
on sex by Plato and something by
Jack Kerouac from ‘The Dharma
Bums.’ ”
Seniors will have a special
chance to demonstrate their liter
ary acumen; a block of 300 of the
best seats in the house is being
saved for them. They can get
passes at the Memorial Audito
rium Box Office. Seniors, profes
sors anrl their friends will also
have the opportunity to enjoy a
reception with refreshments at
7:30 p.m. on the Memorial Audi
torium patio.
Laughton is being sponsored by
the senior class and the Commit
tee on Public Exercises. Tickets
are on sale at the Memorial Audi
torium at $2 for students and $3
for the general public.

CHARLES LAUGHTON
Tonight at 8:30 Charles Laugh
ton will provide his answer to
those who claim Americans are
illiterate.
Reading aloud in Memorial Au
ditorium he will present “some
thing from Julius Caesar, a piece
on sex by Plato and something by
Jack Kerouac from ‘The Dharma
Bums.’ ”
Seniors will have a special
chance to demonstrate their liter
ary acumen; a block of 300 of the
best seats in the house is being
saved for them. They can get
passes at the Memorial Audito
rium Box Office. Seniors, profes
sors anrl their friends will also
have the opportunity to enjoy a
reception with refreshments at
7:30 p.m. on the Memorial Audi
torium patio.
Laughton is being sponsored by
the senior class and the Commit
tee on Public Exercises. Tickets
are on sale at the Memorial Audi
torium at $2 for students and $3
for the general public.

CHARLES LAUGHTON
Tonight at 8:30 Charles Laugh
ton will provide his answer to
those who claim Americans are
illiterate.
Reading aloud in Memorial Au
ditorium he will present “some
thing from Julius Caesar, a piece
on sex by Plato and something by
Jack Kerouac from ‘The Dharma
Bums.’ ”
Seniors will have a special
chance to demonstrate their liter
ary acumen; a block of 300 of the
best seats in the house is being
saved for them. They can get
passes at the Memorial Audito
rium Box Office. Seniors, profes
sors anrl their friends will also
have the opportunity to enjoy a
reception with refreshments at
7:30 p.m. on the Memorial Audi
torium patio.
Laughton is being sponsored by
the senior class and the Commit
tee on Public Exercises. Tickets
are on sale at the Memorial Audi
torium at $2 for students and $3
for the general public.

CHARLES LAUGHTON
Tonight at 8:30 Charles Laugh
ton will provide his answer to
those who claim Americans are
illiterate.
Reading aloud in Memorial Au
ditorium he will present “some
thing from Julius Caesar, a piece
on sex by Plato and something by
Jack Kerouac from ‘The Dharma
Bums.’ ”
Seniors will have a special
chance to demonstrate their liter
ary acumen; a block of 300 of the
best seats in the house is being
saved for them. They can get
passes at the Memorial Audito
rium Box Office. Seniors, profes
sors anrl their friends will also
have the opportunity to enjoy a
reception with refreshments at
7:30 p.m. on the Memorial Audi
torium patio.
Laughton is being sponsored by
the senior class and the Commit
tee on Public Exercises. Tickets
are on sale at the Memorial Audi
torium at $2 for students and $3
for the general public.

CHARLES LAUGHTON
Tonight at 8:30 Charles Laugh
ton will provide his answer to
those who claim Americans are
illiterate.
Reading aloud in Memorial Au
ditorium he will present “some
thing from Julius Caesar, a piece
on sex by Plato and something by
Jack Kerouac from ‘The Dharma
Bums.’ ”
Seniors will have a special
chance to demonstrate their liter
ary acumen; a block of 300 of the
best seats in the house is being
saved for them. They can get
passes at the Memorial Audito
rium Box Office. Seniors, profes
sors anrl their friends will also
have the opportunity to enjoy a
reception with refreshments at
7:30 p.m. on the Memorial Audi
torium patio.
Laughton is being sponsored by
the senior class and the Commit
tee on Public Exercises. Tickets
are on sale at the Memorial Audi
torium at $2 for students and $3
for the general public.

CHARLES LAUGHTON
Tonight at 8:30 Charles Laugh
ton will provide his answer to
those who claim Americans are
illiterate.
Reading aloud in Memorial Au
ditorium he will present “some
thing from Julius Caesar, a piece
on sex by Plato and something by
Jack Kerouac from ‘The Dharma
Bums.’ ”
Seniors will have a special
chance to demonstrate their liter
ary acumen; a block of 300 of the
best seats in the house is being
saved for them. They can get
passes at the Memorial Audito
rium Box Office. Seniors, profes
sors anrl their friends will also
have the opportunity to enjoy a
reception with refreshments at
7:30 p.m. on the Memorial Audi
torium patio.
Laughton is being sponsored by
the senior class and the Commit
tee on Public Exercises. Tickets
are on sale at the Memorial Audi
torium at $2 for students and $3
for the general public.

CHARLES LAUGHTON
Tonight at 8:30 Charles Laugh
ton will provide his answer to
those who claim Americans are
illiterate.
Reading aloud in Memorial Au
ditorium he will present “some
thing from Julius Caesar, a piece
on sex by Plato and something by
Jack Kerouac from ‘The Dharma
Bums.’ ”
Seniors will have a special
chance to demonstrate their liter
ary acumen; a block of 300 of the
best seats in the house is being
saved for them. They can get
passes at the Memorial Audito
rium Box Office. Seniors, profes
sors anrl their friends will also
have the opportunity to enjoy a
reception with refreshments at
7:30 p.m. on the Memorial Audi
torium patio.
Laughton is being sponsored by
the senior class and the Commit
tee on Public Exercises. Tickets
are on sale at the Memorial Audi
torium at $2 for students and $3
for the general public.

