# Nelson Is Appointed New Aide
## 
### 
Lyle M, Nplsoii, a vice president
of the University of Michigan and
president of the American College
Public Relations Association, will
become director of University re
lations at Stanford July 1, Presi
dent Wallace Sterling announced
today.
As a member of the president’s
immediate executive staff, he will
supervise relations with the pub
lic and the University community,
a post similar to the one he filled
at Michigan.
NELSON was formerly assist
ant to the president and professor
of journalism at the University of
Oregon and at San Francisco
State College.
President Sterling said, “Lyle
Nelson is recognized as superior
in this field. I am sure he will
bring immeasurable value to Stan
ford at an exciting and encourag
ing period in the University’s his
tory.”

The University relations office
was established at Stanford late
last year. Donald T. Carlson, as
sistant to the president, has been
acting director.
Lyle M, Nplsoii, a vice president
of the University of Michigan and
president of the American College
Public Relations Association, will
become director of University re
lations at Stanford July 1, Presi
dent Wallace Sterling announced
today.
As a member of the president’s
immediate executive staff, he will
supervise relations with the pub
lic and the University community,
a post similar to the one he filled
at Michigan.
NELSON was formerly assist
ant to the president and professor
of journalism at the University of
Oregon and at San Francisco
State College.
President Sterling said, “Lyle
Nelson is recognized as superior
in this field. I am sure he will
bring immeasurable value to Stan
ford at an exciting and encourag
ing period in the University’s his
tory.”

The University relations office
was established at Stanford late
last year. Donald T. Carlson, as
sistant to the president, has been
acting director.
Lyle M, Nplsoii, a vice president
of the University of Michigan and
president of the American College
Public Relations Association, will
become director of University re
lations at Stanford July 1, Presi
dent Wallace Sterling announced
today.
As a member of the president’s
immediate executive staff, he will
supervise relations with the pub
lic and the University community,
a post similar to the one he filled
at Michigan.
NELSON was formerly assist
ant to the president and professor
of journalism at the University of
Oregon and at San Francisco
State College.
President Sterling said, “Lyle
Nelson is recognized as superior
in this field. I am sure he will
bring immeasurable value to Stan
ford at an exciting and encourag
ing period in the University’s his
tory.”

The University relations office
was established at Stanford late
last year. Donald T. Carlson, as
sistant to the president, has been
acting director.
Lyle M, Nplsoii, a vice president
of the University of Michigan and
president of the American College
Public Relations Association, will
become director of University re
lations at Stanford July 1, Presi
dent Wallace Sterling announced
today.
As a member of the president’s
immediate executive staff, he will
supervise relations with the pub
lic and the University community,
a post similar to the one he filled
at Michigan.
NELSON was formerly assist
ant to the president and professor
of journalism at the University of
Oregon and at San Francisco
State College.
President Sterling said, “Lyle
Nelson is recognized as superior
in this field. I am sure he will
bring immeasurable value to Stan
ford at an exciting and encourag
ing period in the University’s his
tory.”

The University relations office
was established at Stanford late
last year. Donald T. Carlson, as
sistant to the president, has been
acting director.
Lyle M, Nplsoii, a vice president
of the University of Michigan and
president of the American College
Public Relations Association, will
become director of University re
lations at Stanford July 1, Presi
dent Wallace Sterling announced
today.
As a member of the president’s
immediate executive staff, he will
supervise relations with the pub
lic and the University community,
a post similar to the one he filled
at Michigan.
NELSON was formerly assist
ant to the president and professor
of journalism at the University of
Oregon and at San Francisco
State College.
President Sterling said, “Lyle
Nelson is recognized as superior
in this field. I am sure he will
bring immeasurable value to Stan
ford at an exciting and encourag
ing period in the University’s his
tory.”

The University relations office
was established at Stanford late
last year. Donald T. Carlson, as
sistant to the president, has been
acting director.
Lyle M, Nplsoii, a vice president
of the University of Michigan and
president of the American College
Public Relations Association, will
become director of University re
lations at Stanford July 1, Presi
dent Wallace Sterling announced
today.
As a member of the president’s
immediate executive staff, he will
supervise relations with the pub
lic and the University community,
a post similar to the one he filled
at Michigan.
NELSON was formerly assist
ant to the president and professor
of journalism at the University of
Oregon and at San Francisco
State College.
President Sterling said, “Lyle
Nelson is recognized as superior
in this field. I am sure he will
bring immeasurable value to Stan
ford at an exciting and encourag
ing period in the University’s his
tory.”

The University relations office
was established at Stanford late
last year. Donald T. Carlson, as
sistant to the president, has been
acting director.
Lyle M, Nplsoii, a vice president
of the University of Michigan and
president of the American College
Public Relations Association, will
become director of University re
lations at Stanford July 1, Presi
dent Wallace Sterling announced
today.
As a member of the president’s
immediate executive staff, he will
supervise relations with the pub
lic and the University community,
a post similar to the one he filled
at Michigan.
NELSON was formerly assist
ant to the president and professor
of journalism at the University of
Oregon and at San Francisco
State College.
President Sterling said, “Lyle
Nelson is recognized as superior
in this field. I am sure he will
bring immeasurable value to Stan
ford at an exciting and encourag
ing period in the University’s his
tory.”

The University relations office
was established at Stanford late
last year. Donald T. Carlson, as
sistant to the president, has been
acting director.
Lyle M, Nplsoii, a vice president
of the University of Michigan and
president of the American College
Public Relations Association, will
become director of University re
lations at Stanford July 1, Presi
dent Wallace Sterling announced
today.
As a member of the president’s
immediate executive staff, he will
supervise relations with the pub
lic and the University community,
a post similar to the one he filled
at Michigan.
NELSON was formerly assist
ant to the president and professor
of journalism at the University of
Oregon and at San Francisco
State College.
President Sterling said, “Lyle
Nelson is recognized as superior
in this field. I am sure he will
bring immeasurable value to Stan
ford at an exciting and encourag
ing period in the University’s his
tory.”

The University relations office
was established at Stanford late
last year. Donald T. Carlson, as
sistant to the president, has been
acting director.
Lyle M, Nplsoii, a vice president
of the University of Michigan and
president of the American College
Public Relations Association, will
become director of University re
lations at Stanford July 1, Presi
dent Wallace Sterling announced
today.
As a member of the president’s
immediate executive staff, he will
supervise relations with the pub
lic and the University community,
a post similar to the one he filled
at Michigan.
NELSON was formerly assist
ant to the president and professor
of journalism at the University of
Oregon and at San Francisco
State College.
President Sterling said, “Lyle
Nelson is recognized as superior
in this field. I am sure he will
bring immeasurable value to Stan
ford at an exciting and encourag
ing period in the University’s his
tory.”

The University relations office
was established at Stanford late
last year. Donald T. Carlson, as
sistant to the president, has been
acting director.
Lyle M, Nplsoii, a vice president
of the University of Michigan and
president of the American College
Public Relations Association, will
become director of University re
lations at Stanford July 1, Presi
dent Wallace Sterling announced
today.
As a member of the president’s
immediate executive staff, he will
supervise relations with the pub
lic and the University community,
a post similar to the one he filled
at Michigan.
NELSON was formerly assist
ant to the president and professor
of journalism at the University of
Oregon and at San Francisco
State College.
President Sterling said, “Lyle
Nelson is recognized as superior
in this field. I am sure he will
bring immeasurable value to Stan
ford at an exciting and encourag
ing period in the University’s his
tory.”

The University relations office
was established at Stanford late
last year. Donald T. Carlson, as
sistant to the president, has been
acting director.
Lyle M, Nplsoii, a vice president
of the University of Michigan and
president of the American College
Public Relations Association, will
become director of University re
lations at Stanford July 1, Presi
dent Wallace Sterling announced
today.
As a member of the president’s
immediate executive staff, he will
supervise relations with the pub
lic and the University community,
a post similar to the one he filled
at Michigan.
NELSON was formerly assist
ant to the president and professor
of journalism at the University of
Oregon and at San Francisco
State College.
President Sterling said, “Lyle
Nelson is recognized as superior
in this field. I am sure he will
bring immeasurable value to Stan
ford at an exciting and encourag
ing period in the University’s his
tory.”

The University relations office
was established at Stanford late
last year. Donald T. Carlson, as
sistant to the president, has been
acting director.
Lyle M, Nplsoii, a vice president
of the University of Michigan and
president of the American College
Public Relations Association, will
become director of University re
lations at Stanford July 1, Presi
dent Wallace Sterling announced
today.
As a member of the president’s
immediate executive staff, he will
supervise relations with the pub
lic and the University community,
a post similar to the one he filled
at Michigan.
NELSON was formerly assist
ant to the president and professor
of journalism at the University of
Oregon and at San Francisco
State College.
President Sterling said, “Lyle
Nelson is recognized as superior
in this field. I am sure he will
bring immeasurable value to Stan
ford at an exciting and encourag
ing period in the University’s his
tory.”

The University relations office
was established at Stanford late
last year. Donald T. Carlson, as
sistant to the president, has been
acting director.
Lyle M, Nplsoii, a vice president
of the University of Michigan and
president of the American College
Public Relations Association, will
become director of University re
lations at Stanford July 1, Presi
dent Wallace Sterling announced
today.
As a member of the president’s
immediate executive staff, he will
supervise relations with the pub
lic and the University community,
a post similar to the one he filled
at Michigan.
NELSON was formerly assist
ant to the president and professor
of journalism at the University of
Oregon and at San Francisco
State College.
President Sterling said, “Lyle
Nelson is recognized as superior
in this field. I am sure he will
bring immeasurable value to Stan
ford at an exciting and encourag
ing period in the University’s his
tory.”

The University relations office
was established at Stanford late
last year. Donald T. Carlson, as
sistant to the president, has been
acting director.
Lyle M, Nplsoii, a vice president
of the University of Michigan and
president of the American College
Public Relations Association, will
become director of University re
lations at Stanford July 1, Presi
dent Wallace Sterling announced
today.
As a member of the president’s
immediate executive staff, he will
supervise relations with the pub
lic and the University community,
a post similar to the one he filled
at Michigan.
NELSON was formerly assist
ant to the president and professor
of journalism at the University of
Oregon and at San Francisco
State College.
President Sterling said, “Lyle
Nelson is recognized as superior
in this field. I am sure he will
bring immeasurable value to Stan
ford at an exciting and encourag
ing period in the University’s his
tory.”

The University relations office
was established at Stanford late
last year. Donald T. Carlson, as
sistant to the president, has been
acting director.
Lyle M, Nplsoii, a vice president
of the University of Michigan and
president of the American College
Public Relations Association, will
become director of University re
lations at Stanford July 1, Presi
dent Wallace Sterling announced
today.
As a member of the president’s
immediate executive staff, he will
supervise relations with the pub
lic and the University community,
a post similar to the one he filled
at Michigan.
NELSON was formerly assist
ant to the president and professor
of journalism at the University of
Oregon and at San Francisco
State College.
President Sterling said, “Lyle
Nelson is recognized as superior
in this field. I am sure he will
bring immeasurable value to Stan
ford at an exciting and encourag
ing period in the University’s his
tory.”

The University relations office
was established at Stanford late
last year. Donald T. Carlson, as
sistant to the president, has been
acting director.
Lyle M, Nplsoii, a vice president
of the University of Michigan and
president of the American College
Public Relations Association, will
become director of University re
lations at Stanford July 1, Presi
dent Wallace Sterling announced
today.
As a member of the president’s
immediate executive staff, he will
supervise relations with the pub
lic and the University community,
a post similar to the one he filled
at Michigan.
NELSON was formerly assist
ant to the president and professor
of journalism at the University of
Oregon and at San Francisco
State College.
President Sterling said, “Lyle
Nelson is recognized as superior
in this field. I am sure he will
bring immeasurable value to Stan
ford at an exciting and encourag
ing period in the University’s his
tory.”

The University relations office
was established at Stanford late
last year. Donald T. Carlson, as
sistant to the president, has been
acting director.
