# Tibbett Fans To Pack Hall For Concert
## Curtain Set for 8:15; Selections to Include Oratorio, Folk Songs 
### 
Lawrence Tibbett, Stanford's fa
vorite concert artist and America's
most popular baritone, will sing in
Memorial Hall tonight at 8:15
o'clock.
The third artist appearing on the
19.39-40 Stanford Concert Series, Mr.
Tibbett, accompanied by Stewart
Wille, will present a program in
cluding operatic arias, German
lieder, oratorio, and American folk
songs.
"Defend Her, Heaven," from "The
odora." an almost forgotten oratorio
of Handel's, will open the concert,
followed by "Eri Tu," from Verdi's

"The Masked Ball," familiar to all
Tibbett audiences.
DIE WALKURE' ARIA
The second group will include two
German lieder, Erich Wolff's "Ewig,"
and "Allerseelen" by Strauss; and
"Wotan's Farewell," from Wagner's
"Die Walkure." The opera is the
second in the "Ring of the Nibelung"
series and this aria is seldom sung
in concert.
Mr. Wille will play three piano
numbers by Liszt, Kammell, and
Bortkiewicz, following which Mr.
Tibbett will return to sing the dra
matic aria "Cortigiani, vil razza"
(Vile Race of Courtiers), from
Verdi's "Rigoletto."
CALIFORNIA COMPOSITION
The artist's next group includes
Tschaikowsky's "Pilgrim Song,"
"Among the Living" by Malotte, and
"Wander Shoes" by the California
composer Elinor Warren. "Edward,"
by Karl Loewe, concludes this group.
The final series of songs will be
three American adaptations of negro
spirituals: "Water Boy," "Betsy's
Boy," and "Hangman, Slack on de
Line."
After all tickets were sold out, the
management arranged for a special
section on the stage. Tickets for re
maining seats in this section will be
on sale in the Concert Series office
today.

