# Rushing Satirized In New Chaparral
## 
### 
Continuing the policy of color cov
ers, the January issue of Chaparral
will be on sale today with a cover
drawn by Jack Hurt.
In the way of prose, Guy Wiggins
has contributed an old English epic
called "Ye Shrine of Bacchus," com
plete with footnotes and explana
tions. "The Omicron Omicrons
Rush Ludwig" by Ben Parkinson is
also included along with prose and
poetry by Sherm MellinkofT, Terry
Green, Carl Bledsoe, and others.
Feg Murray, '16, and his daughter
Lorraine Murray, freshman artist,
have combined to give a winter
Snoppyquop.
Continuing the policy of color cov
ers, the January issue of Chaparral
will be on sale today with a cover
drawn by Jack Hurt.
In the way of prose, Guy Wiggins
has contributed an old English epic
called "Ye Shrine of Bacchus," com
plete with footnotes and explana
tions. "The Omicron Omicrons
Rush Ludwig" by Ben Parkinson is
also included along with prose and
poetry by Sherm MellinkofT, Terry
Green, Carl Bledsoe, and others.
Feg Murray, '16, and his daughter
Lorraine Murray, freshman artist,
have combined to give a winter
Snoppyquop.
Continuing the policy of color cov
ers, the January issue of Chaparral
will be on sale today with a cover
drawn by Jack Hurt.
In the way of prose, Guy Wiggins
has contributed an old English epic
called "Ye Shrine of Bacchus," com
plete with footnotes and explana
tions. "The Omicron Omicrons
Rush Ludwig" by Ben Parkinson is
also included along with prose and
poetry by Sherm MellinkofT, Terry
Green, Carl Bledsoe, and others.
Feg Murray, '16, and his daughter
Lorraine Murray, freshman artist,
have combined to give a winter
Snoppyquop.
Continuing the policy of color cov
ers, the January issue of Chaparral
will be on sale today with a cover
drawn by Jack Hurt.
In the way of prose, Guy Wiggins
has contributed an old English epic
called "Ye Shrine of Bacchus," com
plete with footnotes and explana
tions. "The Omicron Omicrons
Rush Ludwig" by Ben Parkinson is
also included along with prose and
poetry by Sherm MellinkofT, Terry
Green, Carl Bledsoe, and others.
Feg Murray, '16, and his daughter
Lorraine Murray, freshman artist,
have combined to give a winter
Snoppyquop.
Continuing the policy of color cov
ers, the January issue of Chaparral
will be on sale today with a cover
drawn by Jack Hurt.
In the way of prose, Guy Wiggins
has contributed an old English epic
called "Ye Shrine of Bacchus," com
plete with footnotes and explana
tions. "The Omicron Omicrons
Rush Ludwig" by Ben Parkinson is
also included along with prose and
poetry by Sherm MellinkofT, Terry
Green, Carl Bledsoe, and others.
Feg Murray, '16, and his daughter
Lorraine Murray, freshman artist,
have combined to give a winter
Snoppyquop.
Continuing the policy of color cov
ers, the January issue of Chaparral
will be on sale today with a cover
drawn by Jack Hurt.
In the way of prose, Guy Wiggins
has contributed an old English epic
called "Ye Shrine of Bacchus," com
plete with footnotes and explana
tions. "The Omicron Omicrons
Rush Ludwig" by Ben Parkinson is
also included along with prose and
poetry by Sherm MellinkofT, Terry
Green, Carl Bledsoe, and others.
Feg Murray, '16, and his daughter
Lorraine Murray, freshman artist,
have combined to give a winter
Snoppyquop.
Continuing the policy of color cov
ers, the January issue of Chaparral
will be on sale today with a cover
drawn by Jack Hurt.
In the way of prose, Guy Wiggins
has contributed an old English epic
called "Ye Shrine of Bacchus," com
plete with footnotes and explana
tions. "The Omicron Omicrons
Rush Ludwig" by Ben Parkinson is
also included along with prose and
poetry by Sherm MellinkofT, Terry
Green, Carl Bledsoe, and others.
Feg Murray, '16, and his daughter
Lorraine Murray, freshman artist,
have combined to give a winter
Snoppyquop.
Continuing the policy of color cov
ers, the January issue of Chaparral
will be on sale today with a cover
drawn by Jack Hurt.
In the way of prose, Guy Wiggins
has contributed an old English epic
called "Ye Shrine of Bacchus," com
plete with footnotes and explana
tions. "The Omicron Omicrons
Rush Ludwig" by Ben Parkinson is
also included along with prose and
poetry by Sherm MellinkofT, Terry
Green, Carl Bledsoe, and others.
Feg Murray, '16, and his daughter
Lorraine Murray, freshman artist,
have combined to give a winter
Snoppyquop.
Continuing the policy of color cov
ers, the January issue of Chaparral
will be on sale today with a cover
drawn by Jack Hurt.
In the way of prose, Guy Wiggins
has contributed an old English epic
called "Ye Shrine of Bacchus," com
plete with footnotes and explana
tions. "The Omicron Omicrons
Rush Ludwig" by Ben Parkinson is
also included along with prose and
poetry by Sherm MellinkofT, Terry
Green, Carl Bledsoe, and others.
Feg Murray, '16, and his daughter
Lorraine Murray, freshman artist,
have combined to give a winter
Snoppyquop.
Continuing the policy of color cov
ers, the January issue of Chaparral
will be on sale today with a cover
drawn by Jack Hurt.
In the way of prose, Guy Wiggins
has contributed an old English epic
called "Ye Shrine of Bacchus," com
plete with footnotes and explana
tions. "The Omicron Omicrons
Rush Ludwig" by Ben Parkinson is
also included along with prose and
poetry by Sherm MellinkofT, Terry
Green, Carl Bledsoe, and others.
Feg Murray, '16, and his daughter
Lorraine Murray, freshman artist,
have combined to give a winter
Snoppyquop.
Continuing the policy of color cov
ers, the January issue of Chaparral
will be on sale today with a cover
drawn by Jack Hurt.
In the way of prose, Guy Wiggins
has contributed an old English epic
called "Ye Shrine of Bacchus," com
plete with footnotes and explana
tions. "The Omicron Omicrons
Rush Ludwig" by Ben Parkinson is
also included along with prose and
poetry by Sherm MellinkofT, Terry
Green, Carl Bledsoe, and others.
Feg Murray, '16, and his daughter
Lorraine Murray, freshman artist,
have combined to give a winter
Snoppyquop.
Continuing the policy of color cov
ers, the January issue of Chaparral
will be on sale today with a cover
drawn by Jack Hurt.
In the way of prose, Guy Wiggins
has contributed an old English epic
called "Ye Shrine of Bacchus," com
plete with footnotes and explana
tions. "The Omicron Omicrons
Rush Ludwig" by Ben Parkinson is
also included along with prose and
poetry by Sherm MellinkofT, Terry
Green, Carl Bledsoe, and others.
Feg Murray, '16, and his daughter
Lorraine Murray, freshman artist,
have combined to give a winter
Snoppyquop.
Continuing the policy of color cov
ers, the January issue of Chaparral
will be on sale today with a cover
drawn by Jack Hurt.
In the way of prose, Guy Wiggins
has contributed an old English epic
called "Ye Shrine of Bacchus," com
plete with footnotes and explana
tions. "The Omicron Omicrons
Rush Ludwig" by Ben Parkinson is
also included along with prose and
poetry by Sherm MellinkofT, Terry
Green, Carl Bledsoe, and others.
Feg Murray, '16, and his daughter
Lorraine Murray, freshman artist,
have combined to give a winter
Snoppyquop.
Continuing the policy of color cov
ers, the January issue of Chaparral
will be on sale today with a cover
drawn by Jack Hurt.
In the way of prose, Guy Wiggins
has contributed an old English epic
called "Ye Shrine of Bacchus," com
plete with footnotes and explana
tions. "The Omicron Omicrons
Rush Ludwig" by Ben Parkinson is
also included along with prose and
poetry by Sherm MellinkofT, Terry
Green, Carl Bledsoe, and others.
Feg Murray, '16, and his daughter
Lorraine Murray, freshman artist,
have combined to give a winter
Snoppyquop.
Continuing the policy of color cov
ers, the January issue of Chaparral
will be on sale today with a cover
drawn by Jack Hurt.
In the way of prose, Guy Wiggins
has contributed an old English epic
called "Ye Shrine of Bacchus," com
plete with footnotes and explana
tions. "The Omicron Omicrons
Rush Ludwig" by Ben Parkinson is
also included along with prose and
poetry by Sherm MellinkofT, Terry
Green, Carl Bledsoe, and others.
Feg Murray, '16, and his daughter
Lorraine Murray, freshman artist,
have combined to give a winter
Snoppyquop.
Continuing the policy of color cov
ers, the January issue of Chaparral
will be on sale today with a cover
drawn by Jack Hurt.
In the way of prose, Guy Wiggins
has contributed an old English epic
called "Ye Shrine of Bacchus," com
plete with footnotes and explana
tions. "The Omicron Omicrons
Rush Ludwig" by Ben Parkinson is
also included along with prose and
poetry by Sherm MellinkofT, Terry
Green, Carl Bledsoe, and others.
Feg Murray, '16, and his daughter
Lorraine Murray, freshman artist,
have combined to give a winter
Snoppyquop.
Continuing the policy of color cov
ers, the January issue of Chaparral
will be on sale today with a cover
drawn by Jack Hurt.
In the way of prose, Guy Wiggins
has contributed an old English epic
called "Ye Shrine of Bacchus," com
plete with footnotes and explana
tions. "The Omicron Omicrons
Rush Ludwig" by Ben Parkinson is
also included along with prose and
poetry by Sherm MellinkofT, Terry
Green, Carl Bledsoe, and others.
Feg Murray, '16, and his daughter
Lorraine Murray, freshman artist,
have combined to give a winter
Snoppyquop.
