# THEY FACE CONSPIRACY CHARGES
## 
### 

ItESULT OF THE NATIONWIDE investigation of un-American activities, 17 members of the Christian Front
have been charged in New York's Federal Court with conspiring to overthrow the United States govern
ment. The suspects were unable to furnish bail of $50,000 each.

ItESULT OF THE NATIONWIDE investigation of un-American activities, 17 members of the Christian Front
have been charged in New York's Federal Court with conspiring to overthrow the United States govern
ment. The suspects were unable to furnish bail of $50,000 each.

ItESULT OF THE NATIONWIDE investigation of un-American activities, 17 members of the Christian Front
have been charged in New York's Federal Court with conspiring to overthrow the United States govern
ment. The suspects were unable to furnish bail of $50,000 each.

ItESULT OF THE NATIONWIDE investigation of un-American activities, 17 members of the Christian Front
have been charged in New York's Federal Court with conspiring to overthrow the United States govern
ment. The suspects were unable to furnish bail of $50,000 each.

ItESULT OF THE NATIONWIDE investigation of un-American activities, 17 members of the Christian Front
have been charged in New York's Federal Court with conspiring to overthrow the United States govern
ment. The suspects were unable to furnish bail of $50,000 each.

ItESULT OF THE NATIONWIDE investigation of un-American activities, 17 members of the Christian Front
have been charged in New York's Federal Court with conspiring to overthrow the United States govern
ment. The suspects were unable to furnish bail of $50,000 each.

ItESULT OF THE NATIONWIDE investigation of un-American activities, 17 members of the Christian Front
have been charged in New York's Federal Court with conspiring to overthrow the United States govern
ment. The suspects were unable to furnish bail of $50,000 each.

ItESULT OF THE NATIONWIDE investigation of un-American activities, 17 members of the Christian Front
have been charged in New York's Federal Court with conspiring to overthrow the United States govern
ment. The suspects were unable to furnish bail of $50,000 each.

ItESULT OF THE NATIONWIDE investigation of un-American activities, 17 members of the Christian Front
have been charged in New York's Federal Court with conspiring to overthrow the United States govern
ment. The suspects were unable to furnish bail of $50,000 each.

ItESULT OF THE NATIONWIDE investigation of un-American activities, 17 members of the Christian Front
have been charged in New York's Federal Court with conspiring to overthrow the United States govern
ment. The suspects were unable to furnish bail of $50,000 each.

ItESULT OF THE NATIONWIDE investigation of un-American activities, 17 members of the Christian Front
have been charged in New York's Federal Court with conspiring to overthrow the United States govern
ment. The suspects were unable to furnish bail of $50,000 each.

ItESULT OF THE NATIONWIDE investigation of un-American activities, 17 members of the Christian Front
have been charged in New York's Federal Court with conspiring to overthrow the United States govern
ment. The suspects were unable to furnish bail of $50,000 each.

ItESULT OF THE NATIONWIDE investigation of un-American activities, 17 members of the Christian Front
have been charged in New York's Federal Court with conspiring to overthrow the United States govern
ment. The suspects were unable to furnish bail of $50,000 each.

ItESULT OF THE NATIONWIDE investigation of un-American activities, 17 members of the Christian Front
have been charged in New York's Federal Court with conspiring to overthrow the United States govern
ment. The suspects were unable to furnish bail of $50,000 each.

ItESULT OF THE NATIONWIDE investigation of un-American activities, 17 members of the Christian Front
have been charged in New York's Federal Court with conspiring to overthrow the United States govern
ment. The suspects were unable to furnish bail of $50,000 each.

ItESULT OF THE NATIONWIDE investigation of un-American activities, 17 members of the Christian Front
have been charged in New York's Federal Court with conspiring to overthrow the United States govern
ment. The suspects were unable to furnish bail of $50,000 each.

ItESULT OF THE NATIONWIDE investigation of un-American activities, 17 members of the Christian Front
have been charged in New York's Federal Court with conspiring to overthrow the United States govern
ment. The suspects were unable to furnish bail of $50,000 each.
