# Briefly
## 
### 
Flasher reported
Another flashing incident at the
Dish has been reported to the Stan
ford Department of Public Safety.
Captain Raoul Niemeyer said that a
totally nude white male leapt out from
behind a clump of bushes and ran
toward a young woman who was jog
ging alone in the area. The incident
occurred during the last week of
January.
According to Niemeyer, "Women
joggers should not run in the de
serted parts of campus alone. They
should always have a companion or
dog with them." He urged that any
one encountering a similar problem
should report it to the police.
Staff lunch
There will be an important staff
luncheon at noon today in the Daily
editorial office. Delicious Togo's
sandwiches will be served.
TA workshop
There will be a workshop on "Im
proving your performance as a TA"
today at noon at the Center for Edu
cational Research at Stanford
(CERAS). Jon Reider will speak on
"How do you know you're doing it
right?"
Photo contest
The deadline for entries to the Dai
ly's Third Annual Photography con
test has been extended to Eeb. 17.
The contest is open to all Stanford
students, faculty and staff.
Entries may be made in three
categories: people, scenic and social
comment. Up to three entries may be
made by any contestant. Black and
whiteonly, mounted or unmounted.
Photographs will be returned after
the contest and publication of a spe
cial photo supplement to the Daily.
Selected photographs will be placed
on display at Tresidder.
