# TONIGHT'S SCHEDULE
## 
### 
Sigma Nil vs. Breakers, Gym
nasium, 7 o'clock
Phi Delts vs. Delta Chi, Gym
nasium, 8 o'clock
Beta Theta Pi vs. Sequoia 11,
Pavilion, 7 o'clock
Menlo Hashers vs. Encina lE,
Pavilion, S o'clock
Sigma Nil vs. Breakers, Gym
nasium, 7 o'clock
Phi Delts vs. Delta Chi, Gym
nasium, 8 o'clock
Beta Theta Pi vs. Sequoia 11,
Pavilion, 7 o'clock
Menlo Hashers vs. Encina lE,
Pavilion, S o'clock
Sigma Nil vs. Breakers, Gym
nasium, 7 o'clock
Phi Delts vs. Delta Chi, Gym
nasium, 8 o'clock
Beta Theta Pi vs. Sequoia 11,
Pavilion, 7 o'clock
Menlo Hashers vs. Encina lE,
Pavilion, S o'clock
Sigma Nil vs. Breakers, Gym
nasium, 7 o'clock
Phi Delts vs. Delta Chi, Gym
nasium, 8 o'clock
Beta Theta Pi vs. Sequoia 11,
Pavilion, 7 o'clock
Menlo Hashers vs. Encina lE,
Pavilion, S o'clock
Sigma Nil vs. Breakers, Gym
nasium, 7 o'clock
Phi Delts vs. Delta Chi, Gym
nasium, 8 o'clock
Beta Theta Pi vs. Sequoia 11,
Pavilion, 7 o'clock
Menlo Hashers vs. Encina lE,
Pavilion, S o'clock
Sigma Nil vs. Breakers, Gym
nasium, 7 o'clock
Phi Delts vs. Delta Chi, Gym
nasium, 8 o'clock
Beta Theta Pi vs. Sequoia 11,
Pavilion, 7 o'clock
Menlo Hashers vs. Encina lE,
Pavilion, S o'clock
Sigma Nil vs. Breakers, Gym
nasium, 7 o'clock
Phi Delts vs. Delta Chi, Gym
nasium, 8 o'clock
Beta Theta Pi vs. Sequoia 11,
Pavilion, 7 o'clock
Menlo Hashers vs. Encina lE,
Pavilion, S o'clock
Sigma Nil vs. Breakers, Gym
nasium, 7 o'clock
Phi Delts vs. Delta Chi, Gym
nasium, 8 o'clock
Beta Theta Pi vs. Sequoia 11,
Pavilion, 7 o'clock
Menlo Hashers vs. Encina lE,
Pavilion, S o'clock
Sigma Nil vs. Breakers, Gym
nasium, 7 o'clock
Phi Delts vs. Delta Chi, Gym
nasium, 8 o'clock
Beta Theta Pi vs. Sequoia 11,
Pavilion, 7 o'clock
Menlo Hashers vs. Encina lE,
Pavilion, S o'clock
Sigma Nil vs. Breakers, Gym
nasium, 7 o'clock
Phi Delts vs. Delta Chi, Gym
nasium, 8 o'clock
Beta Theta Pi vs. Sequoia 11,
Pavilion, 7 o'clock
Menlo Hashers vs. Encina lE,
Pavilion, S o'clock
Sigma Nil vs. Breakers, Gym
nasium, 7 o'clock
Phi Delts vs. Delta Chi, Gym
nasium, 8 o'clock
Beta Theta Pi vs. Sequoia 11,
Pavilion, 7 o'clock
Menlo Hashers vs. Encina lE,
Pavilion, S o'clock
Sigma Nil vs. Breakers, Gym
nasium, 7 o'clock
Phi Delts vs. Delta Chi, Gym
nasium, 8 o'clock
Beta Theta Pi vs. Sequoia 11,
Pavilion, 7 o'clock
Menlo Hashers vs. Encina lE,
Pavilion, S o'clock
Sigma Nil vs. Breakers, Gym
nasium, 7 o'clock
Phi Delts vs. Delta Chi, Gym
nasium, 8 o'clock
Beta Theta Pi vs. Sequoia 11,
Pavilion, 7 o'clock
Menlo Hashers vs. Encina lE,
Pavilion, S o'clock
Sigma Nil vs. Breakers, Gym
nasium, 7 o'clock
Phi Delts vs. Delta Chi, Gym
nasium, 8 o'clock
Beta Theta Pi vs. Sequoia 11,
Pavilion, 7 o'clock
Menlo Hashers vs. Encina lE,
Pavilion, S o'clock
Sigma Nil vs. Breakers, Gym
nasium, 7 o'clock
Phi Delts vs. Delta Chi, Gym
nasium, 8 o'clock
Beta Theta Pi vs. Sequoia 11,
Pavilion, 7 o'clock
Menlo Hashers vs. Encina lE,
Pavilion, S o'clock
Sigma Nil vs. Breakers, Gym
nasium, 7 o'clock
Phi Delts vs. Delta Chi, Gym
nasium, 8 o'clock
Beta Theta Pi vs. Sequoia 11,
Pavilion, 7 o'clock
Menlo Hashers vs. Encina lE,
Pavilion, S o'clock
