# DAILY BIDS FOR COB REPORTERS
## Tryoutees Meet Thursday In Staff Competition 
### 
The Stanford Daily issues its mid- |
year call for tryoutees for the job j
oL reporter with the first meeting j
scheduled for Thursday night, Feb
ruary 18, at 7 o'clock, in the Jour- i
nalism library upstairs in the Press j
Building.
On account of recent promotions 1
there are quite a number of places ;
open for new staff members. No J
previous newspaper experience is '
necessary, and freshmen, sopho- j
mores, juniors, and seniors are eli- :
gible to try out. Those who have j
tried out before unsuccessfully are j
urged to come' out now
No definite length for the tryout
period has been set, since it will
depend on the degree of competition
among the neophytes and the diffi- i
culty of choosing the best.
The period will consist of doing j
work around the office, such as typ- j
ing heads, reading proof, writing j
practice stories, and running er- |
rands. Hours spent around the office |
trnd attendance at all meetings are j
important in order to be chosen a J
reporter. Helen Thomas, woman's i
editor, is in charge of the tryouts. I
The Stanford Daily issues its mid- |
year call for tryoutees for the job j
oL reporter with the first meeting j
scheduled for Thursday night, Feb
ruary 18, at 7 o'clock, in the Jour- i
nalism library upstairs in the Press j
Building.
On account of recent promotions 1
there are quite a number of places ;
open for new staff members. No J
previous newspaper experience is '
necessary, and freshmen, sopho- j
mores, juniors, and seniors are eli- :
gible to try out. Those who have j
tried out before unsuccessfully are j
urged to come' out now
No definite length for the tryout
period has been set, since it will
depend on the degree of competition
among the neophytes and the diffi- i
culty of choosing the best.
The period will consist of doing j
work around the office, such as typ- j
ing heads, reading proof, writing j
practice stories, and running er- |
rands. Hours spent around the office |
trnd attendance at all meetings are j
important in order to be chosen a J
reporter. Helen Thomas, woman's i
editor, is in charge of the tryouts. I
The Stanford Daily issues its mid- |
year call for tryoutees for the job j
oL reporter with the first meeting j
scheduled for Thursday night, Feb
ruary 18, at 7 o'clock, in the Jour- i
nalism library upstairs in the Press j
Building.
On account of recent promotions 1
there are quite a number of places ;
open for new staff members. No J
previous newspaper experience is '
necessary, and freshmen, sopho- j
mores, juniors, and seniors are eli- :
gible to try out. Those who have j
tried out before unsuccessfully are j
urged to come' out now
No definite length for the tryout
period has been set, since it will
depend on the degree of competition
among the neophytes and the diffi- i
culty of choosing the best.
The period will consist of doing j
work around the office, such as typ- j
ing heads, reading proof, writing j
practice stories, and running er- |
rands. Hours spent around the office |
trnd attendance at all meetings are j
important in order to be chosen a J
reporter. Helen Thomas, woman's i
editor, is in charge of the tryouts. I
The Stanford Daily issues its mid- |
year call for tryoutees for the job j
oL reporter with the first meeting j
scheduled for Thursday night, Feb
ruary 18, at 7 o'clock, in the Jour- i
nalism library upstairs in the Press j
Building.
On account of recent promotions 1
there are quite a number of places ;
open for new staff members. No J
previous newspaper experience is '
necessary, and freshmen, sopho- j
mores, juniors, and seniors are eli- :
gible to try out. Those who have j
tried out before unsuccessfully are j
urged to come' out now
No definite length for the tryout
period has been set, since it will
depend on the degree of competition
among the neophytes and the diffi- i
culty of choosing the best.
The period will consist of doing j
work around the office, such as typ- j
ing heads, reading proof, writing j
practice stories, and running er- |
rands. Hours spent around the office |
trnd attendance at all meetings are j
important in order to be chosen a J
reporter. Helen Thomas, woman's i
editor, is in charge of the tryouts. I
The Stanford Daily issues its mid- |
year call for tryoutees for the job j
oL reporter with the first meeting j
scheduled for Thursday night, Feb
ruary 18, at 7 o'clock, in the Jour- i
nalism library upstairs in the Press j
Building.
On account of recent promotions 1
there are quite a number of places ;
open for new staff members. No J
previous newspaper experience is '
necessary, and freshmen, sopho- j
mores, juniors, and seniors are eli- :
gible to try out. Those who have j
tried out before unsuccessfully are j
urged to come' out now
No definite length for the tryout
period has been set, since it will
depend on the degree of competition
among the neophytes and the diffi- i
culty of choosing the best.
The period will consist of doing j
work around the office, such as typ- j
ing heads, reading proof, writing j
practice stories, and running er- |
rands. Hours spent around the office |
trnd attendance at all meetings are j
important in order to be chosen a J
reporter. Helen Thomas, woman's i
editor, is in charge of the tryouts. I
The Stanford Daily issues its mid- |
year call for tryoutees for the job j
oL reporter with the first meeting j
scheduled for Thursday night, Feb
ruary 18, at 7 o'clock, in the Jour- i
nalism library upstairs in the Press j
Building.
On account of recent promotions 1
there are quite a number of places ;
open for new staff members. No J
previous newspaper experience is '
necessary, and freshmen, sopho- j
mores, juniors, and seniors are eli- :
gible to try out. Those who have j
tried out before unsuccessfully are j
urged to come' out now
No definite length for the tryout
period has been set, since it will
depend on the degree of competition
among the neophytes and the diffi- i
culty of choosing the best.
The period will consist of doing j
work around the office, such as typ- j
ing heads, reading proof, writing j
practice stories, and running er- |
rands. Hours spent around the office |
trnd attendance at all meetings are j
important in order to be chosen a J
reporter. Helen Thomas, woman's i
editor, is in charge of the tryouts. I
The Stanford Daily issues its mid- |
year call for tryoutees for the job j
oL reporter with the first meeting j
scheduled for Thursday night, Feb
ruary 18, at 7 o'clock, in the Jour- i
nalism library upstairs in the Press j
Building.
On account of recent promotions 1
there are quite a number of places ;
open for new staff members. No J
previous newspaper experience is '
necessary, and freshmen, sopho- j
mores, juniors, and seniors are eli- :
gible to try out. Those who have j
tried out before unsuccessfully are j
urged to come' out now
No definite length for the tryout
period has been set, since it will
depend on the degree of competition
among the neophytes and the diffi- i
culty of choosing the best.
The period will consist of doing j
work around the office, such as typ- j
ing heads, reading proof, writing j
practice stories, and running er- |
rands. Hours spent around the office |
trnd attendance at all meetings are j
important in order to be chosen a J
reporter. Helen Thomas, woman's i
editor, is in charge of the tryouts. I
The Stanford Daily issues its mid- |
year call for tryoutees for the job j
oL reporter with the first meeting j
scheduled for Thursday night, Feb
ruary 18, at 7 o'clock, in the Jour- i
nalism library upstairs in the Press j
Building.
On account of recent promotions 1
there are quite a number of places ;
open for new staff members. No J
previous newspaper experience is '
necessary, and freshmen, sopho- j
mores, juniors, and seniors are eli- :
gible to try out. Those who have j
tried out before unsuccessfully are j
urged to come' out now
No definite length for the tryout
period has been set, since it will
depend on the degree of competition
among the neophytes and the diffi- i
culty of choosing the best.
The period will consist of doing j
work around the office, such as typ- j
ing heads, reading proof, writing j
practice stories, and running er- |
rands. Hours spent around the office |
trnd attendance at all meetings are j
important in order to be chosen a J
reporter. Helen Thomas, woman's i
editor, is in charge of the tryouts. I
The Stanford Daily issues its mid- |
year call for tryoutees for the job j
oL reporter with the first meeting j
scheduled for Thursday night, Feb
ruary 18, at 7 o'clock, in the Jour- i
nalism library upstairs in the Press j
Building.
On account of recent promotions 1
there are quite a number of places ;
open for new staff members. No J
previous newspaper experience is '
necessary, and freshmen, sopho- j
mores, juniors, and seniors are eli- :
gible to try out. Those who have j
tried out before unsuccessfully are j
urged to come' out now
No definite length for the tryout
period has been set, since it will
depend on the degree of competition
among the neophytes and the diffi- i
culty of choosing the best.
The period will consist of doing j
work around the office, such as typ- j
ing heads, reading proof, writing j
practice stories, and running er- |
rands. Hours spent around the office |
trnd attendance at all meetings are j
important in order to be chosen a J
reporter. Helen Thomas, woman's i
editor, is in charge of the tryouts. I
The Stanford Daily issues its mid- |
year call for tryoutees for the job j
oL reporter with the first meeting j
scheduled for Thursday night, Feb
ruary 18, at 7 o'clock, in the Jour- i
nalism library upstairs in the Press j
Building.
On account of recent promotions 1
there are quite a number of places ;
open for new staff members. No J
previous newspaper experience is '
necessary, and freshmen, sopho- j
mores, juniors, and seniors are eli- :
gible to try out. Those who have j
tried out before unsuccessfully are j
urged to come' out now
No definite length for the tryout
period has been set, since it will
depend on the degree of competition
among the neophytes and the diffi- i
culty of choosing the best.
The period will consist of doing j
work around the office, such as typ- j
ing heads, reading proof, writing j
practice stories, and running er- |
rands. Hours spent around the office |
trnd attendance at all meetings are j
important in order to be chosen a J
reporter. Helen Thomas, woman's i
editor, is in charge of the tryouts. I
The Stanford Daily issues its mid- |
year call for tryoutees for the job j
oL reporter with the first meeting j
scheduled for Thursday night, Feb
ruary 18, at 7 o'clock, in the Jour- i
nalism library upstairs in the Press j
Building.
On account of recent promotions 1
there are quite a number of places ;
open for new staff members. No J
previous newspaper experience is '
necessary, and freshmen, sopho- j
mores, juniors, and seniors are eli- :
gible to try out. Those who have j
tried out before unsuccessfully are j
urged to come' out now
No definite length for the tryout
period has been set, since it will
depend on the degree of competition
among the neophytes and the diffi- i
culty of choosing the best.
The period will consist of doing j
work around the office, such as typ- j
ing heads, reading proof, writing j
practice stories, and running er- |
rands. Hours spent around the office |
trnd attendance at all meetings are j
important in order to be chosen a J
reporter. Helen Thomas, woman's i
editor, is in charge of the tryouts. I
The Stanford Daily issues its mid- |
year call for tryoutees for the job j
oL reporter with the first meeting j
scheduled for Thursday night, Feb
ruary 18, at 7 o'clock, in the Jour- i
nalism library upstairs in the Press j
Building.
On account of recent promotions 1
there are quite a number of places ;
open for new staff members. No J
previous newspaper experience is '
necessary, and freshmen, sopho- j
mores, juniors, and seniors are eli- :
gible to try out. Those who have j
tried out before unsuccessfully are j
urged to come' out now
No definite length for the tryout
period has been set, since it will
depend on the degree of competition
among the neophytes and the diffi- i
culty of choosing the best.
The period will consist of doing j
work around the office, such as typ- j
ing heads, reading proof, writing j
practice stories, and running er- |
rands. Hours spent around the office |
trnd attendance at all meetings are j
important in order to be chosen a J
reporter. Helen Thomas, woman's i
editor, is in charge of the tryouts. I
The Stanford Daily issues its mid- |
year call for tryoutees for the job j
oL reporter with the first meeting j
scheduled for Thursday night, Feb
ruary 18, at 7 o'clock, in the Jour- i
nalism library upstairs in the Press j
Building.
On account of recent promotions 1
there are quite a number of places ;
open for new staff members. No J
previous newspaper experience is '
necessary, and freshmen, sopho- j
mores, juniors, and seniors are eli- :
gible to try out. Those who have j
tried out before unsuccessfully are j
urged to come' out now
No definite length for the tryout
period has been set, since it will
depend on the degree of competition
among the neophytes and the diffi- i
culty of choosing the best.
The period will consist of doing j
work around the office, such as typ- j
ing heads, reading proof, writing j
practice stories, and running er- |
rands. Hours spent around the office |
trnd attendance at all meetings are j
important in order to be chosen a J
reporter. Helen Thomas, woman's i
editor, is in charge of the tryouts. I
The Stanford Daily issues its mid- |
year call for tryoutees for the job j
oL reporter with the first meeting j
scheduled for Thursday night, Feb
ruary 18, at 7 o'clock, in the Jour- i
nalism library upstairs in the Press j
Building.
On account of recent promotions 1
there are quite a number of places ;
open for new staff members. No J
previous newspaper experience is '
necessary, and freshmen, sopho- j
mores, juniors, and seniors are eli- :
gible to try out. Those who have j
tried out before unsuccessfully are j
urged to come' out now
No definite length for the tryout
period has been set, since it will
depend on the degree of competition
among the neophytes and the diffi- i
culty of choosing the best.
The period will consist of doing j
work around the office, such as typ- j
ing heads, reading proof, writing j
practice stories, and running er- |
rands. Hours spent around the office |
trnd attendance at all meetings are j
important in order to be chosen a J
reporter. Helen Thomas, woman's i
editor, is in charge of the tryouts. I
The Stanford Daily issues its mid- |
year call for tryoutees for the job j
oL reporter with the first meeting j
scheduled for Thursday night, Feb
ruary 18, at 7 o'clock, in the Jour- i
nalism library upstairs in the Press j
Building.
On account of recent promotions 1
there are quite a number of places ;
open for new staff members. No J
previous newspaper experience is '
necessary, and freshmen, sopho- j
mores, juniors, and seniors are eli- :
gible to try out. Those who have j
tried out before unsuccessfully are j
urged to come' out now
No definite length for the tryout
period has been set, since it will
depend on the degree of competition
among the neophytes and the diffi- i
culty of choosing the best.
The period will consist of doing j
work around the office, such as typ- j
ing heads, reading proof, writing j
practice stories, and running er- |
rands. Hours spent around the office |
trnd attendance at all meetings are j
important in order to be chosen a J
reporter. Helen Thomas, woman's i
editor, is in charge of the tryouts. I
The Stanford Daily issues its mid- |
year call for tryoutees for the job j
oL reporter with the first meeting j
scheduled for Thursday night, Feb
ruary 18, at 7 o'clock, in the Jour- i
nalism library upstairs in the Press j
Building.
On account of recent promotions 1
there are quite a number of places ;
open for new staff members. No J
previous newspaper experience is '
necessary, and freshmen, sopho- j
mores, juniors, and seniors are eli- :
gible to try out. Those who have j
tried out before unsuccessfully are j
urged to come' out now
No definite length for the tryout
period has been set, since it will
depend on the degree of competition
among the neophytes and the diffi- i
culty of choosing the best.
The period will consist of doing j
work around the office, such as typ- j
ing heads, reading proof, writing j
practice stories, and running er- |
rands. Hours spent around the office |
trnd attendance at all meetings are j
important in order to be chosen a J
reporter. Helen Thomas, woman's i
editor, is in charge of the tryouts. I
