# TICKET SALE FOR FINAL U.C. GAME
## 
### 
Rooter tickets for ihe third and
final California-Stanford basketball
g.ime in the Pavilion Saturday night
will, go on sale at the A.S.S.U. of
fice in the Union this morning at
9 o'clock.
Upon presentation of student, body
cards, students may purchase one
rooter's ticket at 50 cents and one
general admission ducat for a dollar.
Ail tickets which are unsold today
will go on public sale at ihe B.A.C.
Wednesday morning.
Rooter tickets for ihe third and
final California-Stanford basketball
g.ime in the Pavilion Saturday night
will, go on sale at the A.S.S.U. of
fice in the Union this morning at
9 o'clock.
Upon presentation of student, body
cards, students may purchase one
rooter's ticket at 50 cents and one
general admission ducat for a dollar.
Ail tickets which are unsold today
will go on public sale at ihe B.A.C.
Wednesday morning.
Rooter tickets for ihe third and
final California-Stanford basketball
g.ime in the Pavilion Saturday night
will, go on sale at the A.S.S.U. of
fice in the Union this morning at
9 o'clock.
Upon presentation of student, body
cards, students may purchase one
rooter's ticket at 50 cents and one
general admission ducat for a dollar.
Ail tickets which are unsold today
will go on public sale at ihe B.A.C.
Wednesday morning.
Rooter tickets for ihe third and
final California-Stanford basketball
g.ime in the Pavilion Saturday night
will, go on sale at the A.S.S.U. of
fice in the Union this morning at
9 o'clock.
Upon presentation of student, body
cards, students may purchase one
rooter's ticket at 50 cents and one
general admission ducat for a dollar.
Ail tickets which are unsold today
will go on public sale at ihe B.A.C.
Wednesday morning.
Rooter tickets for ihe third and
final California-Stanford basketball
g.ime in the Pavilion Saturday night
will, go on sale at the A.S.S.U. of
fice in the Union this morning at
9 o'clock.
Upon presentation of student, body
cards, students may purchase one
rooter's ticket at 50 cents and one
general admission ducat for a dollar.
Ail tickets which are unsold today
will go on public sale at ihe B.A.C.
Wednesday morning.
Rooter tickets for ihe third and
final California-Stanford basketball
g.ime in the Pavilion Saturday night
will, go on sale at the A.S.S.U. of
fice in the Union this morning at
9 o'clock.
Upon presentation of student, body
cards, students may purchase one
rooter's ticket at 50 cents and one
general admission ducat for a dollar.
Ail tickets which are unsold today
will go on public sale at ihe B.A.C.
Wednesday morning.
Rooter tickets for ihe third and
final California-Stanford basketball
g.ime in the Pavilion Saturday night
will, go on sale at the A.S.S.U. of
fice in the Union this morning at
9 o'clock.
Upon presentation of student, body
cards, students may purchase one
rooter's ticket at 50 cents and one
general admission ducat for a dollar.
Ail tickets which are unsold today
will go on public sale at ihe B.A.C.
Wednesday morning.
Rooter tickets for ihe third and
final California-Stanford basketball
g.ime in the Pavilion Saturday night
will, go on sale at the A.S.S.U. of
fice in the Union this morning at
9 o'clock.
Upon presentation of student, body
cards, students may purchase one
rooter's ticket at 50 cents and one
general admission ducat for a dollar.
Ail tickets which are unsold today
will go on public sale at ihe B.A.C.
Wednesday morning.
Rooter tickets for ihe third and
final California-Stanford basketball
g.ime in the Pavilion Saturday night
will, go on sale at the A.S.S.U. of
fice in the Union this morning at
9 o'clock.
Upon presentation of student, body
cards, students may purchase one
rooter's ticket at 50 cents and one
general admission ducat for a dollar.
Ail tickets which are unsold today
will go on public sale at ihe B.A.C.
Wednesday morning.
Rooter tickets for ihe third and
final California-Stanford basketball
g.ime in the Pavilion Saturday night
will, go on sale at the A.S.S.U. of
fice in the Union this morning at
9 o'clock.
Upon presentation of student, body
cards, students may purchase one
rooter's ticket at 50 cents and one
general admission ducat for a dollar.
Ail tickets which are unsold today
will go on public sale at ihe B.A.C.
Wednesday morning.
Rooter tickets for ihe third and
final California-Stanford basketball
g.ime in the Pavilion Saturday night
will, go on sale at the A.S.S.U. of
fice in the Union this morning at
9 o'clock.
Upon presentation of student, body
cards, students may purchase one
rooter's ticket at 50 cents and one
general admission ducat for a dollar.
Ail tickets which are unsold today
will go on public sale at ihe B.A.C.
Wednesday morning.
Rooter tickets for ihe third and
final California-Stanford basketball
g.ime in the Pavilion Saturday night
will, go on sale at the A.S.S.U. of
fice in the Union this morning at
9 o'clock.
Upon presentation of student, body
cards, students may purchase one
rooter's ticket at 50 cents and one
general admission ducat for a dollar.
Ail tickets which are unsold today
will go on public sale at ihe B.A.C.
Wednesday morning.
Rooter tickets for ihe third and
final California-Stanford basketball
g.ime in the Pavilion Saturday night
will, go on sale at the A.S.S.U. of
fice in the Union this morning at
9 o'clock.
Upon presentation of student, body
cards, students may purchase one
rooter's ticket at 50 cents and one
general admission ducat for a dollar.
Ail tickets which are unsold today
will go on public sale at ihe B.A.C.
Wednesday morning.
Rooter tickets for ihe third and
final California-Stanford basketball
g.ime in the Pavilion Saturday night
will, go on sale at the A.S.S.U. of
fice in the Union this morning at
9 o'clock.
Upon presentation of student, body
cards, students may purchase one
rooter's ticket at 50 cents and one
general admission ducat for a dollar.
Ail tickets which are unsold today
will go on public sale at ihe B.A.C.
Wednesday morning.
Rooter tickets for ihe third and
final California-Stanford basketball
g.ime in the Pavilion Saturday night
will, go on sale at the A.S.S.U. of
fice in the Union this morning at
9 o'clock.
Upon presentation of student, body
cards, students may purchase one
rooter's ticket at 50 cents and one
general admission ducat for a dollar.
Ail tickets which are unsold today
will go on public sale at ihe B.A.C.
Wednesday morning.
Rooter tickets for ihe third and
final California-Stanford basketball
g.ime in the Pavilion Saturday night
will, go on sale at the A.S.S.U. of
fice in the Union this morning at
9 o'clock.
Upon presentation of student, body
cards, students may purchase one
rooter's ticket at 50 cents and one
general admission ducat for a dollar.
Ail tickets which are unsold today
will go on public sale at ihe B.A.C.
Wednesday morning.
