# SWARTHMORE PRESIDENT HERE
## Head of Eastern Institution was Formerly a Member of Stanford Faculty. 
### 
President Joseph Swain, of Swart.h
more College, visted the Campus to
day and was the guest of President
Jordan, who has just returned from a
short trip to Southern California.
The visiting college president is a
former Stanford professor of Math
ematics and he was a member of the
Faculty in the pioneer days of the
University.
Since leaving Stanford he has been
president of Swarthmore College, an
institution which recently rejected a
large bequest that was offered with
the stipulation that intercollegiate
athletics be given up entirely. While
at Stanford Professor Swain was one
of the most popular members of the
Faculty.
President Joseph Swain, of Swart.h
more College, visted the Campus to
day and was the guest of President
Jordan, who has just returned from a
short trip to Southern California.
The visiting college president is a
former Stanford professor of Math
ematics and he was a member of the
Faculty in the pioneer days of the
University.
Since leaving Stanford he has been
president of Swarthmore College, an
institution which recently rejected a
large bequest that was offered with
the stipulation that intercollegiate
athletics be given up entirely. While
at Stanford Professor Swain was one
of the most popular members of the
Faculty.
President Joseph Swain, of Swart.h
more College, visted the Campus to
day and was the guest of President
Jordan, who has just returned from a
short trip to Southern California.
The visiting college president is a
former Stanford professor of Math
ematics and he was a member of the
Faculty in the pioneer days of the
University.
Since leaving Stanford he has been
president of Swarthmore College, an
institution which recently rejected a
large bequest that was offered with
the stipulation that intercollegiate
athletics be given up entirely. While
at Stanford Professor Swain was one
of the most popular members of the
Faculty.
President Joseph Swain, of Swart.h
more College, visted the Campus to
day and was the guest of President
Jordan, who has just returned from a
short trip to Southern California.
The visiting college president is a
former Stanford professor of Math
ematics and he was a member of the
Faculty in the pioneer days of the
University.
Since leaving Stanford he has been
president of Swarthmore College, an
institution which recently rejected a
large bequest that was offered with
the stipulation that intercollegiate
athletics be given up entirely. While
at Stanford Professor Swain was one
of the most popular members of the
Faculty.
President Joseph Swain, of Swart.h
more College, visted the Campus to
day and was the guest of President
Jordan, who has just returned from a
short trip to Southern California.
The visiting college president is a
former Stanford professor of Math
ematics and he was a member of the
Faculty in the pioneer days of the
University.
Since leaving Stanford he has been
president of Swarthmore College, an
institution which recently rejected a
large bequest that was offered with
the stipulation that intercollegiate
athletics be given up entirely. While
at Stanford Professor Swain was one
of the most popular members of the
Faculty.
President Joseph Swain, of Swart.h
more College, visted the Campus to
day and was the guest of President
Jordan, who has just returned from a
short trip to Southern California.
The visiting college president is a
former Stanford professor of Math
ematics and he was a member of the
Faculty in the pioneer days of the
University.
Since leaving Stanford he has been
president of Swarthmore College, an
institution which recently rejected a
large bequest that was offered with
the stipulation that intercollegiate
athletics be given up entirely. While
at Stanford Professor Swain was one
of the most popular members of the
Faculty.
President Joseph Swain, of Swart.h
more College, visted the Campus to
day and was the guest of President
Jordan, who has just returned from a
short trip to Southern California.
The visiting college president is a
former Stanford professor of Math
ematics and he was a member of the
Faculty in the pioneer days of the
University.
Since leaving Stanford he has been
president of Swarthmore College, an
institution which recently rejected a
large bequest that was offered with
the stipulation that intercollegiate
athletics be given up entirely. While
at Stanford Professor Swain was one
of the most popular members of the
Faculty.
President Joseph Swain, of Swart.h
more College, visted the Campus to
day and was the guest of President
Jordan, who has just returned from a
short trip to Southern California.
The visiting college president is a
former Stanford professor of Math
ematics and he was a member of the
Faculty in the pioneer days of the
University.
Since leaving Stanford he has been
president of Swarthmore College, an
institution which recently rejected a
large bequest that was offered with
the stipulation that intercollegiate
athletics be given up entirely. While
at Stanford Professor Swain was one
of the most popular members of the
Faculty.
President Joseph Swain, of Swart.h
more College, visted the Campus to
day and was the guest of President
Jordan, who has just returned from a
short trip to Southern California.
The visiting college president is a
former Stanford professor of Math
ematics and he was a member of the
Faculty in the pioneer days of the
University.
Since leaving Stanford he has been
president of Swarthmore College, an
institution which recently rejected a
large bequest that was offered with
the stipulation that intercollegiate
athletics be given up entirely. While
at Stanford Professor Swain was one
of the most popular members of the
Faculty.
President Joseph Swain, of Swart.h
more College, visted the Campus to
day and was the guest of President
Jordan, who has just returned from a
short trip to Southern California.
The visiting college president is a
former Stanford professor of Math
ematics and he was a member of the
Faculty in the pioneer days of the
University.
Since leaving Stanford he has been
president of Swarthmore College, an
institution which recently rejected a
large bequest that was offered with
the stipulation that intercollegiate
athletics be given up entirely. While
at Stanford Professor Swain was one
of the most popular members of the
Faculty.
