# UNIVERSITY BULLETIN
## 
### 
Tuesday.
Phi Delta Phi meets at Frank
lin's, 1:30.
Wednesday.
St. Mary's vs Varsity, baseball
field, 4.
Wrestling Club meets in Encina
Gymnasium, 7:30.
Quadrangle Club meets in room
155, Encina Hall, 9:30.
Tuesday.
Phi Delta Phi meets at Frank
lin's, 1:30.
Wednesday.
St. Mary's vs Varsity, baseball
field, 4.
Wrestling Club meets in Encina
Gymnasium, 7:30.
Quadrangle Club meets in room
155, Encina Hall, 9:30.
Tuesday.
Phi Delta Phi meets at Frank
lin's, 1:30.
Wednesday.
St. Mary's vs Varsity, baseball
field, 4.
Wrestling Club meets in Encina
Gymnasium, 7:30.
Quadrangle Club meets in room
155, Encina Hall, 9:30.
Tuesday.
Phi Delta Phi meets at Frank
lin's, 1:30.
Wednesday.
St. Mary's vs Varsity, baseball
field, 4.
Wrestling Club meets in Encina
Gymnasium, 7:30.
Quadrangle Club meets in room
155, Encina Hall, 9:30.
Tuesday.
Phi Delta Phi meets at Frank
lin's, 1:30.
Wednesday.
St. Mary's vs Varsity, baseball
field, 4.
Wrestling Club meets in Encina
Gymnasium, 7:30.
Quadrangle Club meets in room
155, Encina Hall, 9:30.
Tuesday.
Phi Delta Phi meets at Frank
lin's, 1:30.
Wednesday.
St. Mary's vs Varsity, baseball
field, 4.
Wrestling Club meets in Encina
Gymnasium, 7:30.
Quadrangle Club meets in room
155, Encina Hall, 9:30.
Tuesday.
Phi Delta Phi meets at Frank
lin's, 1:30.
Wednesday.
St. Mary's vs Varsity, baseball
field, 4.
Wrestling Club meets in Encina
Gymnasium, 7:30.
Quadrangle Club meets in room
155, Encina Hall, 9:30.
Tuesday.
Phi Delta Phi meets at Frank
lin's, 1:30.
Wednesday.
St. Mary's vs Varsity, baseball
field, 4.
Wrestling Club meets in Encina
Gymnasium, 7:30.
Quadrangle Club meets in room
155, Encina Hall, 9:30.
Tuesday.
Phi Delta Phi meets at Frank
lin's, 1:30.
Wednesday.
St. Mary's vs Varsity, baseball
field, 4.
Wrestling Club meets in Encina
Gymnasium, 7:30.
Quadrangle Club meets in room
155, Encina Hall, 9:30.
Tuesday.
Phi Delta Phi meets at Frank
lin's, 1:30.
Wednesday.
St. Mary's vs Varsity, baseball
field, 4.
Wrestling Club meets in Encina
Gymnasium, 7:30.
Quadrangle Club meets in room
155, Encina Hall, 9:30.
