# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A small blaze in the Library at
5:18 o'clock yesterday afternoon
extinguished the lights and caused
closing of the building. The lire,
which occurred in the transformer
vault on the north side, was
blamed by Fire Chief Dugan on an
overloaded transformer. Only mi
nor damage was done, and lights
may be working by tonight, he
said.
A small blaze in the Library at
5:18 o'clock yesterday afternoon
extinguished the lights and caused
closing of the building. The lire,
which occurred in the transformer
vault on the north side, was
blamed by Fire Chief Dugan on an
overloaded transformer. Only mi
nor damage was done, and lights
may be working by tonight, he
said.
A small blaze in the Library at
5:18 o'clock yesterday afternoon
extinguished the lights and caused
closing of the building. The lire,
which occurred in the transformer
vault on the north side, was
blamed by Fire Chief Dugan on an
overloaded transformer. Only mi
nor damage was done, and lights
may be working by tonight, he
said.
A small blaze in the Library at
5:18 o'clock yesterday afternoon
extinguished the lights and caused
closing of the building. The lire,
which occurred in the transformer
vault on the north side, was
blamed by Fire Chief Dugan on an
overloaded transformer. Only mi
nor damage was done, and lights
may be working by tonight, he
said.
A small blaze in the Library at
5:18 o'clock yesterday afternoon
extinguished the lights and caused
closing of the building. The lire,
which occurred in the transformer
vault on the north side, was
blamed by Fire Chief Dugan on an
overloaded transformer. Only mi
nor damage was done, and lights
may be working by tonight, he
said.
A small blaze in the Library at
5:18 o'clock yesterday afternoon
extinguished the lights and caused
closing of the building. The lire,
which occurred in the transformer
vault on the north side, was
blamed by Fire Chief Dugan on an
overloaded transformer. Only mi
nor damage was done, and lights
may be working by tonight, he
said.
A small blaze in the Library at
5:18 o'clock yesterday afternoon
extinguished the lights and caused
closing of the building. The lire,
which occurred in the transformer
vault on the north side, was
blamed by Fire Chief Dugan on an
overloaded transformer. Only mi
nor damage was done, and lights
may be working by tonight, he
said.
A small blaze in the Library at
5:18 o'clock yesterday afternoon
extinguished the lights and caused
closing of the building. The lire,
which occurred in the transformer
vault on the north side, was
blamed by Fire Chief Dugan on an
overloaded transformer. Only mi
nor damage was done, and lights
may be working by tonight, he
said.
A small blaze in the Library at
5:18 o'clock yesterday afternoon
extinguished the lights and caused
closing of the building. The lire,
which occurred in the transformer
vault on the north side, was
blamed by Fire Chief Dugan on an
overloaded transformer. Only mi
nor damage was done, and lights
may be working by tonight, he
said.
A small blaze in the Library at
5:18 o'clock yesterday afternoon
extinguished the lights and caused
closing of the building. The lire,
which occurred in the transformer
vault on the north side, was
blamed by Fire Chief Dugan on an
overloaded transformer. Only mi
nor damage was done, and lights
may be working by tonight, he
said.
A small blaze in the Library at
5:18 o'clock yesterday afternoon
extinguished the lights and caused
closing of the building. The lire,
which occurred in the transformer
vault on the north side, was
blamed by Fire Chief Dugan on an
overloaded transformer. Only mi
nor damage was done, and lights
may be working by tonight, he
said.
A small blaze in the Library at
5:18 o'clock yesterday afternoon
extinguished the lights and caused
closing of the building. The lire,
which occurred in the transformer
vault on the north side, was
blamed by Fire Chief Dugan on an
overloaded transformer. Only mi
nor damage was done, and lights
may be working by tonight, he
said.
A small blaze in the Library at
5:18 o'clock yesterday afternoon
extinguished the lights and caused
closing of the building. The lire,
which occurred in the transformer
vault on the north side, was
blamed by Fire Chief Dugan on an
overloaded transformer. Only mi
nor damage was done, and lights
may be working by tonight, he
said.
A small blaze in the Library at
5:18 o'clock yesterday afternoon
extinguished the lights and caused
closing of the building. The lire,
which occurred in the transformer
vault on the north side, was
blamed by Fire Chief Dugan on an
overloaded transformer. Only mi
nor damage was done, and lights
may be working by tonight, he
said.
A small blaze in the Library at
5:18 o'clock yesterday afternoon
extinguished the lights and caused
closing of the building. The lire,
which occurred in the transformer
vault on the north side, was
blamed by Fire Chief Dugan on an
overloaded transformer. Only mi
nor damage was done, and lights
may be working by tonight, he
said.
A small blaze in the Library at
5:18 o'clock yesterday afternoon
extinguished the lights and caused
closing of the building. The lire,
which occurred in the transformer
vault on the north side, was
blamed by Fire Chief Dugan on an
overloaded transformer. Only mi
nor damage was done, and lights
may be working by tonight, he
said.
