# Rallymen Tryouts Continue Today
## 
### 
Tryoutee interviews for Rally
Committee will continue this week,
according to Jack Laney, chairman.
They will be held from one to three
o'clock today and tomorrow, and
from four to six o'clock on Wednes
day. These interviews will be held
in Room 13 on the second story of
the Old Union, just above the Union
Cellar.
Tryoutees must bring to the in
terview one or more ideas for card
stunts for use at the U.S.C., Cali
fornia, or Dartmouth game. These
ideas must be blocked out on graph
paper. Those who have already
turned in ideas which have not been
done in this manner must re-do
them on graph paper and turn them
in.
The pompon sale will be continued
Thursday and Friday from one to
three o'clock and on Saturday from
nine to twelve o'clock at the A.S.S.U.
oflicc, Didi Vibert, women's chair
man, announced yesterday. She em
phasized the fact that women root
ers must carry pompons in order to
be admitted to the rooting section.
