# Toyon to Elect Officers Tonight
## 
### 
Toyon Club men will elect a pres
ident and vice-president tonight
from 7 to 10 o'clock in the club's
lobby. Woody Miller, Toyon man
ager, is conducting the vote.
Charles Melczer, Bill Livingston
and Fran Dußois arc competing for
the presidential post, while Dan
Cameron, A1 De Bakesy and Bill
Rosenfeld are candidates for the
vice-president's position.
The special election has been
called to replace Dick Clarke and
Jim Barnum, elected president and
vice - president respectively last
spring but who failed to return to
Toyon this quarter. Manager Miller
announces a Toyon Club meeting
at 11 o'clock tonight in the club's
ping pong room, immediately fol
lowing the close of the polls.
Toyon Club men will elect a pres
ident and vice-president tonight
from 7 to 10 o'clock in the club's
lobby. Woody Miller, Toyon man
ager, is conducting the vote.
Charles Melczer, Bill Livingston
and Fran Dußois arc competing for
the presidential post, while Dan
Cameron, A1 De Bakesy and Bill
Rosenfeld are candidates for the
vice-president's position.
The special election has been
called to replace Dick Clarke and
Jim Barnum, elected president and
vice - president respectively last
spring but who failed to return to
Toyon this quarter. Manager Miller
announces a Toyon Club meeting
at 11 o'clock tonight in the club's
ping pong room, immediately fol
lowing the close of the polls.
Toyon Club men will elect a pres
ident and vice-president tonight
from 7 to 10 o'clock in the club's
lobby. Woody Miller, Toyon man
ager, is conducting the vote.
Charles Melczer, Bill Livingston
and Fran Dußois arc competing for
the presidential post, while Dan
Cameron, A1 De Bakesy and Bill
Rosenfeld are candidates for the
vice-president's position.
The special election has been
called to replace Dick Clarke and
Jim Barnum, elected president and
vice - president respectively last
spring but who failed to return to
Toyon this quarter. Manager Miller
announces a Toyon Club meeting
at 11 o'clock tonight in the club's
ping pong room, immediately fol
lowing the close of the polls.
Toyon Club men will elect a pres
ident and vice-president tonight
from 7 to 10 o'clock in the club's
lobby. Woody Miller, Toyon man
ager, is conducting the vote.
Charles Melczer, Bill Livingston
and Fran Dußois arc competing for
the presidential post, while Dan
Cameron, A1 De Bakesy and Bill
Rosenfeld are candidates for the
vice-president's position.
The special election has been
called to replace Dick Clarke and
Jim Barnum, elected president and
vice - president respectively last
spring but who failed to return to
Toyon this quarter. Manager Miller
announces a Toyon Club meeting
at 11 o'clock tonight in the club's
ping pong room, immediately fol
lowing the close of the polls.
Toyon Club men will elect a pres
ident and vice-president tonight
from 7 to 10 o'clock in the club's
lobby. Woody Miller, Toyon man
ager, is conducting the vote.
Charles Melczer, Bill Livingston
and Fran Dußois arc competing for
the presidential post, while Dan
Cameron, A1 De Bakesy and Bill
Rosenfeld are candidates for the
vice-president's position.
The special election has been
called to replace Dick Clarke and
Jim Barnum, elected president and
vice - president respectively last
spring but who failed to return to
Toyon this quarter. Manager Miller
announces a Toyon Club meeting
at 11 o'clock tonight in the club's
ping pong room, immediately fol
lowing the close of the polls.
Toyon Club men will elect a pres
ident and vice-president tonight
from 7 to 10 o'clock in the club's
lobby. Woody Miller, Toyon man
ager, is conducting the vote.
Charles Melczer, Bill Livingston
and Fran Dußois arc competing for
the presidential post, while Dan
Cameron, A1 De Bakesy and Bill
Rosenfeld are candidates for the
vice-president's position.
The special election has been
called to replace Dick Clarke and
Jim Barnum, elected president and
vice - president respectively last
spring but who failed to return to
Toyon this quarter. Manager Miller
announces a Toyon Club meeting
at 11 o'clock tonight in the club's
ping pong room, immediately fol
lowing the close of the polls.
Toyon Club men will elect a pres
ident and vice-president tonight
from 7 to 10 o'clock in the club's
lobby. Woody Miller, Toyon man
ager, is conducting the vote.
Charles Melczer, Bill Livingston
and Fran Dußois arc competing for
the presidential post, while Dan
Cameron, A1 De Bakesy and Bill
Rosenfeld are candidates for the
vice-president's position.
The special election has been
called to replace Dick Clarke and
Jim Barnum, elected president and
vice - president respectively last
spring but who failed to return to
Toyon this quarter. Manager Miller
announces a Toyon Club meeting
at 11 o'clock tonight in the club's
ping pong room, immediately fol
lowing the close of the polls.
Toyon Club men will elect a pres
ident and vice-president tonight
from 7 to 10 o'clock in the club's
lobby. Woody Miller, Toyon man
ager, is conducting the vote.
Charles Melczer, Bill Livingston
and Fran Dußois arc competing for
the presidential post, while Dan
Cameron, A1 De Bakesy and Bill
Rosenfeld are candidates for the
vice-president's position.
The special election has been
called to replace Dick Clarke and
Jim Barnum, elected president and
vice - president respectively last
spring but who failed to return to
Toyon this quarter. Manager Miller
announces a Toyon Club meeting
at 11 o'clock tonight in the club's
ping pong room, immediately fol
lowing the close of the polls.
Toyon Club men will elect a pres
ident and vice-president tonight
from 7 to 10 o'clock in the club's
lobby. Woody Miller, Toyon man
ager, is conducting the vote.
Charles Melczer, Bill Livingston
and Fran Dußois arc competing for
the presidential post, while Dan
Cameron, A1 De Bakesy and Bill
Rosenfeld are candidates for the
vice-president's position.
The special election has been
called to replace Dick Clarke and
Jim Barnum, elected president and
vice - president respectively last
spring but who failed to return to
Toyon this quarter. Manager Miller
announces a Toyon Club meeting
at 11 o'clock tonight in the club's
ping pong room, immediately fol
lowing the close of the polls.
Toyon Club men will elect a pres
ident and vice-president tonight
from 7 to 10 o'clock in the club's
lobby. Woody Miller, Toyon man
ager, is conducting the vote.
Charles Melczer, Bill Livingston
and Fran Dußois arc competing for
the presidential post, while Dan
Cameron, A1 De Bakesy and Bill
Rosenfeld are candidates for the
vice-president's position.
The special election has been
called to replace Dick Clarke and
Jim Barnum, elected president and
vice - president respectively last
spring but who failed to return to
Toyon this quarter. Manager Miller
announces a Toyon Club meeting
at 11 o'clock tonight in the club's
ping pong room, immediately fol
lowing the close of the polls.
Toyon Club men will elect a pres
ident and vice-president tonight
from 7 to 10 o'clock in the club's
lobby. Woody Miller, Toyon man
ager, is conducting the vote.
Charles Melczer, Bill Livingston
and Fran Dußois arc competing for
the presidential post, while Dan
Cameron, A1 De Bakesy and Bill
Rosenfeld are candidates for the
vice-president's position.
The special election has been
called to replace Dick Clarke and
Jim Barnum, elected president and
vice - president respectively last
spring but who failed to return to
Toyon this quarter. Manager Miller
announces a Toyon Club meeting
at 11 o'clock tonight in the club's
ping pong room, immediately fol
lowing the close of the polls.
Toyon Club men will elect a pres
ident and vice-president tonight
from 7 to 10 o'clock in the club's
lobby. Woody Miller, Toyon man
ager, is conducting the vote.
Charles Melczer, Bill Livingston
and Fran Dußois arc competing for
the presidential post, while Dan
Cameron, A1 De Bakesy and Bill
Rosenfeld are candidates for the
vice-president's position.
The special election has been
called to replace Dick Clarke and
Jim Barnum, elected president and
vice - president respectively last
spring but who failed to return to
Toyon this quarter. Manager Miller
announces a Toyon Club meeting
at 11 o'clock tonight in the club's
ping pong room, immediately fol
lowing the close of the polls.
Toyon Club men will elect a pres
ident and vice-president tonight
from 7 to 10 o'clock in the club's
lobby. Woody Miller, Toyon man
ager, is conducting the vote.
Charles Melczer, Bill Livingston
and Fran Dußois arc competing for
the presidential post, while Dan
Cameron, A1 De Bakesy and Bill
Rosenfeld are candidates for the
vice-president's position.
The special election has been
called to replace Dick Clarke and
Jim Barnum, elected president and
vice - president respectively last
spring but who failed to return to
Toyon this quarter. Manager Miller
announces a Toyon Club meeting
at 11 o'clock tonight in the club's
ping pong room, immediately fol
lowing the close of the polls.
Toyon Club men will elect a pres
ident and vice-president tonight
from 7 to 10 o'clock in the club's
lobby. Woody Miller, Toyon man
ager, is conducting the vote.
Charles Melczer, Bill Livingston
and Fran Dußois arc competing for
the presidential post, while Dan
Cameron, A1 De Bakesy and Bill
Rosenfeld are candidates for the
vice-president's position.
The special election has been
called to replace Dick Clarke and
Jim Barnum, elected president and
vice - president respectively last
spring but who failed to return to
Toyon this quarter. Manager Miller
announces a Toyon Club meeting
at 11 o'clock tonight in the club's
ping pong room, immediately fol
lowing the close of the polls.
Toyon Club men will elect a pres
ident and vice-president tonight
from 7 to 10 o'clock in the club's
lobby. Woody Miller, Toyon man
ager, is conducting the vote.
Charles Melczer, Bill Livingston
and Fran Dußois arc competing for
the presidential post, while Dan
Cameron, A1 De Bakesy and Bill
Rosenfeld are candidates for the
vice-president's position.
The special election has been
called to replace Dick Clarke and
Jim Barnum, elected president and
vice - president respectively last
spring but who failed to return to
Toyon this quarter. Manager Miller
announces a Toyon Club meeting
at 11 o'clock tonight in the club's
ping pong room, immediately fol
lowing the close of the polls.
Toyon Club men will elect a pres
ident and vice-president tonight
from 7 to 10 o'clock in the club's
lobby. Woody Miller, Toyon man
ager, is conducting the vote.
Charles Melczer, Bill Livingston
and Fran Dußois arc competing for
the presidential post, while Dan
Cameron, A1 De Bakesy and Bill
Rosenfeld are candidates for the
vice-president's position.
The special election has been
called to replace Dick Clarke and
Jim Barnum, elected president and
vice - president respectively last
spring but who failed to return to
Toyon this quarter. Manager Miller
announces a Toyon Club meeting
at 11 o'clock tonight in the club's
ping pong room, immediately fol
lowing the close of the polls.
