# Cards Tie Rams In Soccer Debut
## 
### 
Uncorking a game-long offensive
thrust that scored once during the
early part of the third quarter and
threatened constantly, Coach Harry
Maloney's soccer, squad was denied
victory in its first game of the season
against S.F.J.C. Saturday morning,
when a hard-kicked ball off the boot
of the Jaysee center forward in the
last 30 seconds of play boomed into
the net to tie the score at one-all.
Playing a mid-season brand of
soccer, the Cardinal forward wall of
Sadullah, Santum, and Gerbstedt
threatened the Ram goal again and
again. The score came early in the
third quarter, when an inside pass
from Santum set up Sadullah's scor
ing kick.
In the backfield for the Indians,
Bill Edwards and Wilson Clark per
formed well, while Goalies Rudy
Munzer and Antonio Sans-Agero
put up a hard battle for first-string
honors.
Uncorking a game-long offensive
thrust that scored once during the
early part of the third quarter and
threatened constantly, Coach Harry
Maloney's soccer, squad was denied
victory in its first game of the season
against S.F.J.C. Saturday morning,
when a hard-kicked ball off the boot
of the Jaysee center forward in the
last 30 seconds of play boomed into
the net to tie the score at one-all.
Playing a mid-season brand of
soccer, the Cardinal forward wall of
Sadullah, Santum, and Gerbstedt
threatened the Ram goal again and
again. The score came early in the
third quarter, when an inside pass
from Santum set up Sadullah's scor
ing kick.
In the backfield for the Indians,
Bill Edwards and Wilson Clark per
formed well, while Goalies Rudy
Munzer and Antonio Sans-Agero
put up a hard battle for first-string
honors.
Uncorking a game-long offensive
thrust that scored once during the
early part of the third quarter and
threatened constantly, Coach Harry
Maloney's soccer, squad was denied
victory in its first game of the season
against S.F.J.C. Saturday morning,
when a hard-kicked ball off the boot
of the Jaysee center forward in the
last 30 seconds of play boomed into
the net to tie the score at one-all.
Playing a mid-season brand of
soccer, the Cardinal forward wall of
Sadullah, Santum, and Gerbstedt
threatened the Ram goal again and
again. The score came early in the
third quarter, when an inside pass
from Santum set up Sadullah's scor
ing kick.
In the backfield for the Indians,
Bill Edwards and Wilson Clark per
formed well, while Goalies Rudy
Munzer and Antonio Sans-Agero
put up a hard battle for first-string
honors.
Uncorking a game-long offensive
thrust that scored once during the
early part of the third quarter and
threatened constantly, Coach Harry
Maloney's soccer, squad was denied
victory in its first game of the season
against S.F.J.C. Saturday morning,
when a hard-kicked ball off the boot
of the Jaysee center forward in the
last 30 seconds of play boomed into
the net to tie the score at one-all.
Playing a mid-season brand of
soccer, the Cardinal forward wall of
Sadullah, Santum, and Gerbstedt
threatened the Ram goal again and
again. The score came early in the
third quarter, when an inside pass
from Santum set up Sadullah's scor
ing kick.
In the backfield for the Indians,
Bill Edwards and Wilson Clark per
formed well, while Goalies Rudy
Munzer and Antonio Sans-Agero
put up a hard battle for first-string
honors.
Uncorking a game-long offensive
thrust that scored once during the
early part of the third quarter and
threatened constantly, Coach Harry
Maloney's soccer, squad was denied
victory in its first game of the season
against S.F.J.C. Saturday morning,
when a hard-kicked ball off the boot
of the Jaysee center forward in the
last 30 seconds of play boomed into
the net to tie the score at one-all.
Playing a mid-season brand of
soccer, the Cardinal forward wall of
Sadullah, Santum, and Gerbstedt
threatened the Ram goal again and
again. The score came early in the
third quarter, when an inside pass
from Santum set up Sadullah's scor
ing kick.
In the backfield for the Indians,
Bill Edwards and Wilson Clark per
formed well, while Goalies Rudy
Munzer and Antonio Sans-Agero
put up a hard battle for first-string
honors.
Uncorking a game-long offensive
thrust that scored once during the
early part of the third quarter and
threatened constantly, Coach Harry
Maloney's soccer, squad was denied
victory in its first game of the season
against S.F.J.C. Saturday morning,
when a hard-kicked ball off the boot
of the Jaysee center forward in the
last 30 seconds of play boomed into
the net to tie the score at one-all.
Playing a mid-season brand of
soccer, the Cardinal forward wall of
Sadullah, Santum, and Gerbstedt
threatened the Ram goal again and
again. The score came early in the
third quarter, when an inside pass
from Santum set up Sadullah's scor
ing kick.
In the backfield for the Indians,
Bill Edwards and Wilson Clark per
formed well, while Goalies Rudy
Munzer and Antonio Sans-Agero
put up a hard battle for first-string
honors.
Uncorking a game-long offensive
thrust that scored once during the
early part of the third quarter and
threatened constantly, Coach Harry
Maloney's soccer, squad was denied
victory in its first game of the season
against S.F.J.C. Saturday morning,
when a hard-kicked ball off the boot
of the Jaysee center forward in the
last 30 seconds of play boomed into
the net to tie the score at one-all.
Playing a mid-season brand of
soccer, the Cardinal forward wall of
Sadullah, Santum, and Gerbstedt
threatened the Ram goal again and
again. The score came early in the
third quarter, when an inside pass
from Santum set up Sadullah's scor
ing kick.
In the backfield for the Indians,
Bill Edwards and Wilson Clark per
formed well, while Goalies Rudy
Munzer and Antonio Sans-Agero
put up a hard battle for first-string
honors.
Uncorking a game-long offensive
thrust that scored once during the
early part of the third quarter and
threatened constantly, Coach Harry
Maloney's soccer, squad was denied
victory in its first game of the season
against S.F.J.C. Saturday morning,
when a hard-kicked ball off the boot
of the Jaysee center forward in the
last 30 seconds of play boomed into
the net to tie the score at one-all.
Playing a mid-season brand of
soccer, the Cardinal forward wall of
Sadullah, Santum, and Gerbstedt
threatened the Ram goal again and
again. The score came early in the
third quarter, when an inside pass
from Santum set up Sadullah's scor
ing kick.
In the backfield for the Indians,
Bill Edwards and Wilson Clark per
formed well, while Goalies Rudy
Munzer and Antonio Sans-Agero
put up a hard battle for first-string
honors.
Uncorking a game-long offensive
thrust that scored once during the
early part of the third quarter and
threatened constantly, Coach Harry
Maloney's soccer, squad was denied
victory in its first game of the season
against S.F.J.C. Saturday morning,
when a hard-kicked ball off the boot
of the Jaysee center forward in the
last 30 seconds of play boomed into
the net to tie the score at one-all.
Playing a mid-season brand of
soccer, the Cardinal forward wall of
Sadullah, Santum, and Gerbstedt
threatened the Ram goal again and
again. The score came early in the
third quarter, when an inside pass
from Santum set up Sadullah's scor
ing kick.
In the backfield for the Indians,
Bill Edwards and Wilson Clark per
formed well, while Goalies Rudy
Munzer and Antonio Sans-Agero
put up a hard battle for first-string
honors.
Uncorking a game-long offensive
thrust that scored once during the
early part of the third quarter and
threatened constantly, Coach Harry
Maloney's soccer, squad was denied
victory in its first game of the season
against S.F.J.C. Saturday morning,
when a hard-kicked ball off the boot
of the Jaysee center forward in the
last 30 seconds of play boomed into
the net to tie the score at one-all.
Playing a mid-season brand of
soccer, the Cardinal forward wall of
Sadullah, Santum, and Gerbstedt
threatened the Ram goal again and
again. The score came early in the
third quarter, when an inside pass
from Santum set up Sadullah's scor
ing kick.
In the backfield for the Indians,
Bill Edwards and Wilson Clark per
formed well, while Goalies Rudy
Munzer and Antonio Sans-Agero
put up a hard battle for first-string
honors.
Uncorking a game-long offensive
thrust that scored once during the
early part of the third quarter and
threatened constantly, Coach Harry
Maloney's soccer, squad was denied
victory in its first game of the season
against S.F.J.C. Saturday morning,
when a hard-kicked ball off the boot
of the Jaysee center forward in the
last 30 seconds of play boomed into
the net to tie the score at one-all.
Playing a mid-season brand of
soccer, the Cardinal forward wall of
Sadullah, Santum, and Gerbstedt
threatened the Ram goal again and
again. The score came early in the
third quarter, when an inside pass
from Santum set up Sadullah's scor
ing kick.
In the backfield for the Indians,
Bill Edwards and Wilson Clark per
formed well, while Goalies Rudy
Munzer and Antonio Sans-Agero
put up a hard battle for first-string
honors.
Uncorking a game-long offensive
thrust that scored once during the
early part of the third quarter and
threatened constantly, Coach Harry
Maloney's soccer, squad was denied
victory in its first game of the season
against S.F.J.C. Saturday morning,
when a hard-kicked ball off the boot
of the Jaysee center forward in the
last 30 seconds of play boomed into
the net to tie the score at one-all.
Playing a mid-season brand of
soccer, the Cardinal forward wall of
Sadullah, Santum, and Gerbstedt
threatened the Ram goal again and
again. The score came early in the
third quarter, when an inside pass
from Santum set up Sadullah's scor
ing kick.
In the backfield for the Indians,
Bill Edwards and Wilson Clark per
formed well, while Goalies Rudy
Munzer and Antonio Sans-Agero
put up a hard battle for first-string
honors.
Uncorking a game-long offensive
thrust that scored once during the
early part of the third quarter and
threatened constantly, Coach Harry
Maloney's soccer, squad was denied
victory in its first game of the season
against S.F.J.C. Saturday morning,
when a hard-kicked ball off the boot
of the Jaysee center forward in the
last 30 seconds of play boomed into
the net to tie the score at one-all.
Playing a mid-season brand of
soccer, the Cardinal forward wall of
Sadullah, Santum, and Gerbstedt
threatened the Ram goal again and
again. The score came early in the
third quarter, when an inside pass
from Santum set up Sadullah's scor
ing kick.
In the backfield for the Indians,
Bill Edwards and Wilson Clark per
formed well, while Goalies Rudy
Munzer and Antonio Sans-Agero
put up a hard battle for first-string
honors.
Uncorking a game-long offensive
thrust that scored once during the
early part of the third quarter and
threatened constantly, Coach Harry
Maloney's soccer, squad was denied
victory in its first game of the season
against S.F.J.C. Saturday morning,
when a hard-kicked ball off the boot
of the Jaysee center forward in the
last 30 seconds of play boomed into
the net to tie the score at one-all.
Playing a mid-season brand of
soccer, the Cardinal forward wall of
Sadullah, Santum, and Gerbstedt
threatened the Ram goal again and
again. The score came early in the
third quarter, when an inside pass
from Santum set up Sadullah's scor
ing kick.
In the backfield for the Indians,
Bill Edwards and Wilson Clark per
formed well, while Goalies Rudy
Munzer and Antonio Sans-Agero
put up a hard battle for first-string
honors.
Uncorking a game-long offensive
thrust that scored once during the
early part of the third quarter and
threatened constantly, Coach Harry
Maloney's soccer, squad was denied
victory in its first game of the season
against S.F.J.C. Saturday morning,
when a hard-kicked ball off the boot
of the Jaysee center forward in the
last 30 seconds of play boomed into
the net to tie the score at one-all.
Playing a mid-season brand of
soccer, the Cardinal forward wall of
Sadullah, Santum, and Gerbstedt
threatened the Ram goal again and
again. The score came early in the
third quarter, when an inside pass
from Santum set up Sadullah's scor
ing kick.
In the backfield for the Indians,
Bill Edwards and Wilson Clark per
formed well, while Goalies Rudy
Munzer and Antonio Sans-Agero
put up a hard battle for first-string
honors.
Uncorking a game-long offensive
thrust that scored once during the
early part of the third quarter and
threatened constantly, Coach Harry
Maloney's soccer, squad was denied
victory in its first game of the season
against S.F.J.C. Saturday morning,
when a hard-kicked ball off the boot
of the Jaysee center forward in the
last 30 seconds of play boomed into
the net to tie the score at one-all.
Playing a mid-season brand of
soccer, the Cardinal forward wall of
Sadullah, Santum, and Gerbstedt
threatened the Ram goal again and
again. The score came early in the
third quarter, when an inside pass
from Santum set up Sadullah's scor
ing kick.
In the backfield for the Indians,
Bill Edwards and Wilson Clark per
formed well, while Goalies Rudy
Munzer and Antonio Sans-Agero
put up a hard battle for first-string
honors.
