# Five to Speak On Japan Tour
## Tuesday Lecture Will Feature Staufordites 
### 
Short talks on Japan by five Stan
ford students who visited the coun
try during the summer will be sup
plemented by a sound motion pic
ture entitled, "Glimpses of Japan"
as the second program in the Tues
day Lecture Series for the autumn
quarter tomorrow evening at 7:30
o'clock in Memorial Hall auditorium,
according to the Committee on Pub
lic Exercises.
With the general title of "Five
Stanford Students Look at Japan,"
the program will include talks by
Philip Woodyatt, who will tell of
the America-Japan Student Confer
ence held in Tokyo during July, to
which the students were Stanford's
delegates; Mary Morris Boggs, who
will speak on "Japanese Students";
Perry Chisum, discussing the coun
try's political picture; Jack Laney,
"Economic Problems"; and Buddy
Iwata, "Japanese Rural Life."
ATTEND CONFERENCE
Attended by 50 American college
students representing 18 universities
throughout the country, the week
long conference, held at Tokyo's
Keio University, consisted of daily
discussion groups which the student
delegates attended.
The five students spent a month in
Japan, touring Kyoto, Osaka, Tokyo,
and other Japanese cities, travelling
through Korea and Manchukuo, and
visiting Mukden, Diaren, Keijo, and
Hsinking, the capital of Manchukuo.
FILM TO BE PRESENTED
Portraying the scenery, industries,
sports, customs, and religion of
Japan, the motion picture contains
scenes of a Nipponese theatrical
performance, action shots of a Japa
nese wrestling match, and record
ings of the country's music, includ
ing military marches and old folk
songs.
"Glimpses of Japan" will be pre
sented by J. Farquharson Leys, who
cut and edited the film, and ar
ranged for its production.
Short talks on Japan by five Stan
ford students who visited the coun
try during the summer will be sup
plemented by a sound motion pic
ture entitled, "Glimpses of Japan"
as the second program in the Tues
day Lecture Series for the autumn
quarter tomorrow evening at 7:30
o'clock in Memorial Hall auditorium,
according to the Committee on Pub
lic Exercises.
With the general title of "Five
Stanford Students Look at Japan,"
the program will include talks by
Philip Woodyatt, who will tell of
the America-Japan Student Confer
ence held in Tokyo during July, to
which the students were Stanford's
delegates; Mary Morris Boggs, who
will speak on "Japanese Students";
Perry Chisum, discussing the coun
try's political picture; Jack Laney,
"Economic Problems"; and Buddy
Iwata, "Japanese Rural Life."
ATTEND CONFERENCE
Attended by 50 American college
students representing 18 universities
throughout the country, the week
long conference, held at Tokyo's
Keio University, consisted of daily
discussion groups which the student
delegates attended.
The five students spent a month in
Japan, touring Kyoto, Osaka, Tokyo,
and other Japanese cities, travelling
through Korea and Manchukuo, and
visiting Mukden, Diaren, Keijo, and
Hsinking, the capital of Manchukuo.
FILM TO BE PRESENTED
Portraying the scenery, industries,
sports, customs, and religion of
Japan, the motion picture contains
scenes of a Nipponese theatrical
performance, action shots of a Japa
nese wrestling match, and record
ings of the country's music, includ
ing military marches and old folk
songs.
"Glimpses of Japan" will be pre
sented by J. Farquharson Leys, who
cut and edited the film, and ar
ranged for its production.
Short talks on Japan by five Stan
ford students who visited the coun
try during the summer will be sup
plemented by a sound motion pic
ture entitled, "Glimpses of Japan"
as the second program in the Tues
day Lecture Series for the autumn
quarter tomorrow evening at 7:30
o'clock in Memorial Hall auditorium,
according to the Committee on Pub
lic Exercises.
With the general title of "Five
Stanford Students Look at Japan,"
the program will include talks by
Philip Woodyatt, who will tell of
the America-Japan Student Confer
ence held in Tokyo during July, to
which the students were Stanford's
delegates; Mary Morris Boggs, who
will speak on "Japanese Students";
Perry Chisum, discussing the coun
try's political picture; Jack Laney,
"Economic Problems"; and Buddy
Iwata, "Japanese Rural Life."
ATTEND CONFERENCE
Attended by 50 American college
students representing 18 universities
throughout the country, the week
long conference, held at Tokyo's
Keio University, consisted of daily
discussion groups which the student
delegates attended.
The five students spent a month in
Japan, touring Kyoto, Osaka, Tokyo,
and other Japanese cities, travelling
through Korea and Manchukuo, and
visiting Mukden, Diaren, Keijo, and
Hsinking, the capital of Manchukuo.
FILM TO BE PRESENTED
Portraying the scenery, industries,
sports, customs, and religion of
Japan, the motion picture contains
scenes of a Nipponese theatrical
performance, action shots of a Japa
nese wrestling match, and record
ings of the country's music, includ
ing military marches and old folk
songs.
"Glimpses of Japan" will be pre
sented by J. Farquharson Leys, who
cut and edited the film, and ar
ranged for its production.
Short talks on Japan by five Stan
ford students who visited the coun
try during the summer will be sup
plemented by a sound motion pic
ture entitled, "Glimpses of Japan"
as the second program in the Tues
day Lecture Series for the autumn
quarter tomorrow evening at 7:30
o'clock in Memorial Hall auditorium,
according to the Committee on Pub
lic Exercises.
With the general title of "Five
Stanford Students Look at Japan,"
the program will include talks by
Philip Woodyatt, who will tell of
the America-Japan Student Confer
ence held in Tokyo during July, to
which the students were Stanford's
delegates; Mary Morris Boggs, who
will speak on "Japanese Students";
Perry Chisum, discussing the coun
try's political picture; Jack Laney,
"Economic Problems"; and Buddy
Iwata, "Japanese Rural Life."
ATTEND CONFERENCE
Attended by 50 American college
students representing 18 universities
throughout the country, the week
long conference, held at Tokyo's
Keio University, consisted of daily
discussion groups which the student
delegates attended.
The five students spent a month in
Japan, touring Kyoto, Osaka, Tokyo,
and other Japanese cities, travelling
through Korea and Manchukuo, and
visiting Mukden, Diaren, Keijo, and
Hsinking, the capital of Manchukuo.
FILM TO BE PRESENTED
Portraying the scenery, industries,
sports, customs, and religion of
Japan, the motion picture contains
scenes of a Nipponese theatrical
performance, action shots of a Japa
nese wrestling match, and record
ings of the country's music, includ
ing military marches and old folk
songs.
"Glimpses of Japan" will be pre
sented by J. Farquharson Leys, who
cut and edited the film, and ar
ranged for its production.
Short talks on Japan by five Stan
ford students who visited the coun
try during the summer will be sup
plemented by a sound motion pic
ture entitled, "Glimpses of Japan"
as the second program in the Tues
day Lecture Series for the autumn
quarter tomorrow evening at 7:30
o'clock in Memorial Hall auditorium,
according to the Committee on Pub
lic Exercises.
With the general title of "Five
Stanford Students Look at Japan,"
the program will include talks by
Philip Woodyatt, who will tell of
the America-Japan Student Confer
ence held in Tokyo during July, to
which the students were Stanford's
delegates; Mary Morris Boggs, who
will speak on "Japanese Students";
Perry Chisum, discussing the coun
try's political picture; Jack Laney,
"Economic Problems"; and Buddy
Iwata, "Japanese Rural Life."
ATTEND CONFERENCE
Attended by 50 American college
students representing 18 universities
throughout the country, the week
long conference, held at Tokyo's
Keio University, consisted of daily
discussion groups which the student
delegates attended.
The five students spent a month in
Japan, touring Kyoto, Osaka, Tokyo,
and other Japanese cities, travelling
through Korea and Manchukuo, and
visiting Mukden, Diaren, Keijo, and
Hsinking, the capital of Manchukuo.
FILM TO BE PRESENTED
Portraying the scenery, industries,
sports, customs, and religion of
Japan, the motion picture contains
scenes of a Nipponese theatrical
performance, action shots of a Japa
nese wrestling match, and record
ings of the country's music, includ
ing military marches and old folk
songs.
"Glimpses of Japan" will be pre
sented by J. Farquharson Leys, who
cut and edited the film, and ar
ranged for its production.
Short talks on Japan by five Stan
ford students who visited the coun
try during the summer will be sup
plemented by a sound motion pic
ture entitled, "Glimpses of Japan"
as the second program in the Tues
day Lecture Series for the autumn
quarter tomorrow evening at 7:30
o'clock in Memorial Hall auditorium,
according to the Committee on Pub
lic Exercises.
With the general title of "Five
Stanford Students Look at Japan,"
the program will include talks by
Philip Woodyatt, who will tell of
the America-Japan Student Confer
ence held in Tokyo during July, to
which the students were Stanford's
delegates; Mary Morris Boggs, who
will speak on "Japanese Students";
Perry Chisum, discussing the coun
try's political picture; Jack Laney,
"Economic Problems"; and Buddy
Iwata, "Japanese Rural Life."
ATTEND CONFERENCE
Attended by 50 American college
students representing 18 universities
throughout the country, the week
long conference, held at Tokyo's
Keio University, consisted of daily
discussion groups which the student
delegates attended.
The five students spent a month in
Japan, touring Kyoto, Osaka, Tokyo,
and other Japanese cities, travelling
through Korea and Manchukuo, and
visiting Mukden, Diaren, Keijo, and
Hsinking, the capital of Manchukuo.
FILM TO BE PRESENTED
Portraying the scenery, industries,
sports, customs, and religion of
Japan, the motion picture contains
scenes of a Nipponese theatrical
performance, action shots of a Japa
nese wrestling match, and record
ings of the country's music, includ
ing military marches and old folk
songs.
"Glimpses of Japan" will be pre
sented by J. Farquharson Leys, who
cut and edited the film, and ar
ranged for its production.
Short talks on Japan by five Stan
ford students who visited the coun
try during the summer will be sup
plemented by a sound motion pic
ture entitled, "Glimpses of Japan"
as the second program in the Tues
day Lecture Series for the autumn
quarter tomorrow evening at 7:30
o'clock in Memorial Hall auditorium,
according to the Committee on Pub
lic Exercises.
With the general title of "Five
Stanford Students Look at Japan,"
the program will include talks by
Philip Woodyatt, who will tell of
the America-Japan Student Confer
ence held in Tokyo during July, to
which the students were Stanford's
delegates; Mary Morris Boggs, who
will speak on "Japanese Students";
Perry Chisum, discussing the coun
try's political picture; Jack Laney,
"Economic Problems"; and Buddy
Iwata, "Japanese Rural Life."
ATTEND CONFERENCE
Attended by 50 American college
students representing 18 universities
throughout the country, the week
long conference, held at Tokyo's
Keio University, consisted of daily
discussion groups which the student
delegates attended.
The five students spent a month in
Japan, touring Kyoto, Osaka, Tokyo,
and other Japanese cities, travelling
through Korea and Manchukuo, and
visiting Mukden, Diaren, Keijo, and
Hsinking, the capital of Manchukuo.
FILM TO BE PRESENTED
Portraying the scenery, industries,
sports, customs, and religion of
Japan, the motion picture contains
scenes of a Nipponese theatrical
performance, action shots of a Japa
nese wrestling match, and record
ings of the country's music, includ
ing military marches and old folk
songs.
"Glimpses of Japan" will be pre
sented by J. Farquharson Leys, who
cut and edited the film, and ar
ranged for its production.
Short talks on Japan by five Stan
ford students who visited the coun
try during the summer will be sup
plemented by a sound motion pic
ture entitled, "Glimpses of Japan"
as the second program in the Tues
day Lecture Series for the autumn
quarter tomorrow evening at 7:30
o'clock in Memorial Hall auditorium,
according to the Committee on Pub
lic Exercises.
With the general title of "Five
Stanford Students Look at Japan,"
the program will include talks by
Philip Woodyatt, who will tell of
the America-Japan Student Confer
ence held in Tokyo during July, to
which the students were Stanford's
delegates; Mary Morris Boggs, who
will speak on "Japanese Students";
Perry Chisum, discussing the coun
try's political picture; Jack Laney,
"Economic Problems"; and Buddy
Iwata, "Japanese Rural Life."
ATTEND CONFERENCE
Attended by 50 American college
students representing 18 universities
throughout the country, the week
long conference, held at Tokyo's
Keio University, consisted of daily
discussion groups which the student
delegates attended.
The five students spent a month in
Japan, touring Kyoto, Osaka, Tokyo,
and other Japanese cities, travelling
through Korea and Manchukuo, and
visiting Mukden, Diaren, Keijo, and
Hsinking, the capital of Manchukuo.
FILM TO BE PRESENTED
Portraying the scenery, industries,
sports, customs, and religion of
Japan, the motion picture contains
scenes of a Nipponese theatrical
performance, action shots of a Japa
nese wrestling match, and record
ings of the country's music, includ
ing military marches and old folk
songs.
"Glimpses of Japan" will be pre
sented by J. Farquharson Leys, who
cut and edited the film, and ar
ranged for its production.
Short talks on Japan by five Stan
ford students who visited the coun
try during the summer will be sup
plemented by a sound motion pic
ture entitled, "Glimpses of Japan"
as the second program in the Tues
day Lecture Series for the autumn
quarter tomorrow evening at 7:30
o'clock in Memorial Hall auditorium,
according to the Committee on Pub
lic Exercises.
With the general title of "Five
Stanford Students Look at Japan,"
the program will include talks by
Philip Woodyatt, who will tell of
the America-Japan Student Confer
ence held in Tokyo during July, to
which the students were Stanford's
delegates; Mary Morris Boggs, who
will speak on "Japanese Students";
Perry Chisum, discussing the coun
try's political picture; Jack Laney,
"Economic Problems"; and Buddy
Iwata, "Japanese Rural Life."
ATTEND CONFERENCE
Attended by 50 American college
students representing 18 universities
throughout the country, the week
long conference, held at Tokyo's
Keio University, consisted of daily
discussion groups which the student
delegates attended.
The five students spent a month in
Japan, touring Kyoto, Osaka, Tokyo,
and other Japanese cities, travelling
through Korea and Manchukuo, and
visiting Mukden, Diaren, Keijo, and
Hsinking, the capital of Manchukuo.
FILM TO BE PRESENTED
Portraying the scenery, industries,
sports, customs, and religion of
Japan, the motion picture contains
scenes of a Nipponese theatrical
performance, action shots of a Japa
nese wrestling match, and record
ings of the country's music, includ
ing military marches and old folk
songs.
"Glimpses of Japan" will be pre
sented by J. Farquharson Leys, who
cut and edited the film, and ar
ranged for its production.
Short talks on Japan by five Stan
ford students who visited the coun
try during the summer will be sup
plemented by a sound motion pic
ture entitled, "Glimpses of Japan"
as the second program in the Tues
day Lecture Series for the autumn
quarter tomorrow evening at 7:30
o'clock in Memorial Hall auditorium,
according to the Committee on Pub
lic Exercises.
With the general title of "Five
Stanford Students Look at Japan,"
the program will include talks by
Philip Woodyatt, who will tell of
the America-Japan Student Confer
ence held in Tokyo during July, to
which the students were Stanford's
delegates; Mary Morris Boggs, who
will speak on "Japanese Students";
Perry Chisum, discussing the coun
try's political picture; Jack Laney,
"Economic Problems"; and Buddy
Iwata, "Japanese Rural Life."
ATTEND CONFERENCE
Attended by 50 American college
students representing 18 universities
throughout the country, the week
long conference, held at Tokyo's
Keio University, consisted of daily
discussion groups which the student
delegates attended.
The five students spent a month in
Japan, touring Kyoto, Osaka, Tokyo,
and other Japanese cities, travelling
through Korea and Manchukuo, and
visiting Mukden, Diaren, Keijo, and
Hsinking, the capital of Manchukuo.
FILM TO BE PRESENTED
Portraying the scenery, industries,
sports, customs, and religion of
Japan, the motion picture contains
scenes of a Nipponese theatrical
performance, action shots of a Japa
nese wrestling match, and record
ings of the country's music, includ
ing military marches and old folk
songs.
"Glimpses of Japan" will be pre
sented by J. Farquharson Leys, who
cut and edited the film, and ar
ranged for its production.
Short talks on Japan by five Stan
ford students who visited the coun
try during the summer will be sup
plemented by a sound motion pic
ture entitled, "Glimpses of Japan"
as the second program in the Tues
day Lecture Series for the autumn
quarter tomorrow evening at 7:30
o'clock in Memorial Hall auditorium,
according to the Committee on Pub
lic Exercises.
With the general title of "Five
Stanford Students Look at Japan,"
the program will include talks by
Philip Woodyatt, who will tell of
the America-Japan Student Confer
ence held in Tokyo during July, to
which the students were Stanford's
delegates; Mary Morris Boggs, who
will speak on "Japanese Students";
Perry Chisum, discussing the coun
try's political picture; Jack Laney,
"Economic Problems"; and Buddy
Iwata, "Japanese Rural Life."
ATTEND CONFERENCE
Attended by 50 American college
students representing 18 universities
throughout the country, the week
long conference, held at Tokyo's
Keio University, consisted of daily
discussion groups which the student
delegates attended.
The five students spent a month in
Japan, touring Kyoto, Osaka, Tokyo,
and other Japanese cities, travelling
through Korea and Manchukuo, and
visiting Mukden, Diaren, Keijo, and
Hsinking, the capital of Manchukuo.
FILM TO BE PRESENTED
Portraying the scenery, industries,
sports, customs, and religion of
Japan, the motion picture contains
scenes of a Nipponese theatrical
performance, action shots of a Japa
nese wrestling match, and record
ings of the country's music, includ
ing military marches and old folk
songs.
"Glimpses of Japan" will be pre
sented by J. Farquharson Leys, who
cut and edited the film, and ar
ranged for its production.
Short talks on Japan by five Stan
ford students who visited the coun
try during the summer will be sup
plemented by a sound motion pic
ture entitled, "Glimpses of Japan"
as the second program in the Tues
day Lecture Series for the autumn
quarter tomorrow evening at 7:30
o'clock in Memorial Hall auditorium,
according to the Committee on Pub
lic Exercises.
With the general title of "Five
Stanford Students Look at Japan,"
the program will include talks by
Philip Woodyatt, who will tell of
the America-Japan Student Confer
ence held in Tokyo during July, to
which the students were Stanford's
delegates; Mary Morris Boggs, who
will speak on "Japanese Students";
Perry Chisum, discussing the coun
try's political picture; Jack Laney,
"Economic Problems"; and Buddy
Iwata, "Japanese Rural Life."
ATTEND CONFERENCE
Attended by 50 American college
students representing 18 universities
throughout the country, the week
long conference, held at Tokyo's
Keio University, consisted of daily
discussion groups which the student
delegates attended.
The five students spent a month in
Japan, touring Kyoto, Osaka, Tokyo,
and other Japanese cities, travelling
through Korea and Manchukuo, and
visiting Mukden, Diaren, Keijo, and
Hsinking, the capital of Manchukuo.
FILM TO BE PRESENTED
Portraying the scenery, industries,
sports, customs, and religion of
Japan, the motion picture contains
scenes of a Nipponese theatrical
performance, action shots of a Japa
nese wrestling match, and record
ings of the country's music, includ
ing military marches and old folk
songs.
"Glimpses of Japan" will be pre
sented by J. Farquharson Leys, who
cut and edited the film, and ar
ranged for its production.
Short talks on Japan by five Stan
ford students who visited the coun
try during the summer will be sup
plemented by a sound motion pic
ture entitled, "Glimpses of Japan"
as the second program in the Tues
day Lecture Series for the autumn
quarter tomorrow evening at 7:30
o'clock in Memorial Hall auditorium,
according to the Committee on Pub
lic Exercises.
With the general title of "Five
Stanford Students Look at Japan,"
the program will include talks by
Philip Woodyatt, who will tell of
the America-Japan Student Confer
ence held in Tokyo during July, to
which the students were Stanford's
delegates; Mary Morris Boggs, who
will speak on "Japanese Students";
Perry Chisum, discussing the coun
try's political picture; Jack Laney,
"Economic Problems"; and Buddy
Iwata, "Japanese Rural Life."
ATTEND CONFERENCE
Attended by 50 American college
students representing 18 universities
throughout the country, the week
long conference, held at Tokyo's
Keio University, consisted of daily
discussion groups which the student
delegates attended.
The five students spent a month in
Japan, touring Kyoto, Osaka, Tokyo,
and other Japanese cities, travelling
through Korea and Manchukuo, and
visiting Mukden, Diaren, Keijo, and
Hsinking, the capital of Manchukuo.
FILM TO BE PRESENTED
Portraying the scenery, industries,
sports, customs, and religion of
Japan, the motion picture contains
scenes of a Nipponese theatrical
performance, action shots of a Japa
nese wrestling match, and record
ings of the country's music, includ
ing military marches and old folk
songs.
"Glimpses of Japan" will be pre
sented by J. Farquharson Leys, who
cut and edited the film, and ar
ranged for its production.
Short talks on Japan by five Stan
ford students who visited the coun
try during the summer will be sup
plemented by a sound motion pic
ture entitled, "Glimpses of Japan"
as the second program in the Tues
day Lecture Series for the autumn
quarter tomorrow evening at 7:30
o'clock in Memorial Hall auditorium,
according to the Committee on Pub
lic Exercises.
With the general title of "Five
Stanford Students Look at Japan,"
the program will include talks by
Philip Woodyatt, who will tell of
the America-Japan Student Confer
ence held in Tokyo during July, to
which the students were Stanford's
delegates; Mary Morris Boggs, who
will speak on "Japanese Students";
Perry Chisum, discussing the coun
try's political picture; Jack Laney,
"Economic Problems"; and Buddy
Iwata, "Japanese Rural Life."
ATTEND CONFERENCE
Attended by 50 American college
students representing 18 universities
throughout the country, the week
long conference, held at Tokyo's
Keio University, consisted of daily
discussion groups which the student
delegates attended.
The five students spent a month in
Japan, touring Kyoto, Osaka, Tokyo,
and other Japanese cities, travelling
through Korea and Manchukuo, and
visiting Mukden, Diaren, Keijo, and
Hsinking, the capital of Manchukuo.
FILM TO BE PRESENTED
Portraying the scenery, industries,
sports, customs, and religion of
Japan, the motion picture contains
scenes of a Nipponese theatrical
performance, action shots of a Japa
nese wrestling match, and record
ings of the country's music, includ
ing military marches and old folk
songs.
"Glimpses of Japan" will be pre
sented by J. Farquharson Leys, who
cut and edited the film, and ar
ranged for its production.
Short talks on Japan by five Stan
ford students who visited the coun
try during the summer will be sup
plemented by a sound motion pic
ture entitled, "Glimpses of Japan"
as the second program in the Tues
day Lecture Series for the autumn
quarter tomorrow evening at 7:30
o'clock in Memorial Hall auditorium,
according to the Committee on Pub
lic Exercises.
With the general title of "Five
Stanford Students Look at Japan,"
the program will include talks by
Philip Woodyatt, who will tell of
the America-Japan Student Confer
ence held in Tokyo during July, to
which the students were Stanford's
delegates; Mary Morris Boggs, who
will speak on "Japanese Students";
Perry Chisum, discussing the coun
try's political picture; Jack Laney,
"Economic Problems"; and Buddy
Iwata, "Japanese Rural Life."
ATTEND CONFERENCE
Attended by 50 American college
students representing 18 universities
throughout the country, the week
long conference, held at Tokyo's
Keio University, consisted of daily
discussion groups which the student
delegates attended.
The five students spent a month in
Japan, touring Kyoto, Osaka, Tokyo,
and other Japanese cities, travelling
through Korea and Manchukuo, and
visiting Mukden, Diaren, Keijo, and
Hsinking, the capital of Manchukuo.
FILM TO BE PRESENTED
Portraying the scenery, industries,
sports, customs, and religion of
Japan, the motion picture contains
scenes of a Nipponese theatrical
performance, action shots of a Japa
nese wrestling match, and record
ings of the country's music, includ
ing military marches and old folk
songs.
"Glimpses of Japan" will be pre
sented by J. Farquharson Leys, who
cut and edited the film, and ar
ranged for its production.
Short talks on Japan by five Stan
ford students who visited the coun
try during the summer will be sup
plemented by a sound motion pic
ture entitled, "Glimpses of Japan"
as the second program in the Tues
day Lecture Series for the autumn
quarter tomorrow evening at 7:30
o'clock in Memorial Hall auditorium,
according to the Committee on Pub
lic Exercises.
With the general title of "Five
Stanford Students Look at Japan,"
the program will include talks by
Philip Woodyatt, who will tell of
the America-Japan Student Confer
ence held in Tokyo during July, to
which the students were Stanford's
delegates; Mary Morris Boggs, who
will speak on "Japanese Students";
Perry Chisum, discussing the coun
try's political picture; Jack Laney,
"Economic Problems"; and Buddy
Iwata, "Japanese Rural Life."
ATTEND CONFERENCE
Attended by 50 American college
students representing 18 universities
throughout the country, the week
long conference, held at Tokyo's
Keio University, consisted of daily
discussion groups which the student
delegates attended.
The five students spent a month in
Japan, touring Kyoto, Osaka, Tokyo,
and other Japanese cities, travelling
through Korea and Manchukuo, and
visiting Mukden, Diaren, Keijo, and
Hsinking, the capital of Manchukuo.
FILM TO BE PRESENTED
Portraying the scenery, industries,
sports, customs, and religion of
Japan, the motion picture contains
scenes of a Nipponese theatrical
performance, action shots of a Japa
nese wrestling match, and record
ings of the country's music, includ
ing military marches and old folk
songs.
"Glimpses of Japan" will be pre
sented by J. Farquharson Leys, who
cut and edited the film, and ar
ranged for its production.
