# Treaty Debate To Start Season
## 
### 
Stanford s first debate of the year
will take place Thursday afternoon
before a general meeting of the
entire debate squad. Anyone inter
ested in debating will be given an
idea of the arguments for both sides
of the question; namely, "Resolved,
that an Anglo-American mutual as
sistance pact in case of aggression
will work for the best interest of
world peace."
A team from San Francisco State
College will meet a team from Stan
ford which is to be chosen later.
The debate will take place at 4:15
o clock Thursday afternoon in Room
200T in the basement of the English
corner.
San Francisco State will take the
negative of the question, while the
Stanford team will debate the af
firmative. Constructive speeches will
be ten minutes in length, while re
buttals will be five minutes in length.
Stanford s first debate of the year
will take place Thursday afternoon
before a general meeting of the
entire debate squad. Anyone inter
ested in debating will be given an
idea of the arguments for both sides
of the question; namely, "Resolved,
that an Anglo-American mutual as
sistance pact in case of aggression
will work for the best interest of
world peace."
A team from San Francisco State
College will meet a team from Stan
ford which is to be chosen later.
The debate will take place at 4:15
o clock Thursday afternoon in Room
200T in the basement of the English
corner.
San Francisco State will take the
negative of the question, while the
Stanford team will debate the af
firmative. Constructive speeches will
be ten minutes in length, while re
buttals will be five minutes in length.
Stanford s first debate of the year
will take place Thursday afternoon
before a general meeting of the
entire debate squad. Anyone inter
ested in debating will be given an
idea of the arguments for both sides
of the question; namely, "Resolved,
that an Anglo-American mutual as
sistance pact in case of aggression
will work for the best interest of
world peace."
A team from San Francisco State
College will meet a team from Stan
ford which is to be chosen later.
The debate will take place at 4:15
o clock Thursday afternoon in Room
200T in the basement of the English
corner.
San Francisco State will take the
negative of the question, while the
Stanford team will debate the af
firmative. Constructive speeches will
be ten minutes in length, while re
buttals will be five minutes in length.
Stanford s first debate of the year
will take place Thursday afternoon
before a general meeting of the
entire debate squad. Anyone inter
ested in debating will be given an
idea of the arguments for both sides
of the question; namely, "Resolved,
that an Anglo-American mutual as
sistance pact in case of aggression
will work for the best interest of
world peace."
A team from San Francisco State
College will meet a team from Stan
ford which is to be chosen later.
The debate will take place at 4:15
o clock Thursday afternoon in Room
200T in the basement of the English
corner.
San Francisco State will take the
negative of the question, while the
Stanford team will debate the af
firmative. Constructive speeches will
be ten minutes in length, while re
buttals will be five minutes in length.
Stanford s first debate of the year
will take place Thursday afternoon
before a general meeting of the
entire debate squad. Anyone inter
ested in debating will be given an
idea of the arguments for both sides
of the question; namely, "Resolved,
that an Anglo-American mutual as
sistance pact in case of aggression
will work for the best interest of
world peace."
A team from San Francisco State
College will meet a team from Stan
ford which is to be chosen later.
The debate will take place at 4:15
o clock Thursday afternoon in Room
200T in the basement of the English
corner.
San Francisco State will take the
negative of the question, while the
Stanford team will debate the af
firmative. Constructive speeches will
be ten minutes in length, while re
buttals will be five minutes in length.
Stanford s first debate of the year
will take place Thursday afternoon
before a general meeting of the
entire debate squad. Anyone inter
ested in debating will be given an
idea of the arguments for both sides
of the question; namely, "Resolved,
that an Anglo-American mutual as
sistance pact in case of aggression
will work for the best interest of
world peace."
A team from San Francisco State
College will meet a team from Stan
ford which is to be chosen later.
The debate will take place at 4:15
o clock Thursday afternoon in Room
200T in the basement of the English
corner.
San Francisco State will take the
negative of the question, while the
Stanford team will debate the af
firmative. Constructive speeches will
be ten minutes in length, while re
buttals will be five minutes in length.
Stanford s first debate of the year
will take place Thursday afternoon
before a general meeting of the
entire debate squad. Anyone inter
ested in debating will be given an
idea of the arguments for both sides
of the question; namely, "Resolved,
that an Anglo-American mutual as
sistance pact in case of aggression
will work for the best interest of
world peace."
A team from San Francisco State
College will meet a team from Stan
ford which is to be chosen later.
The debate will take place at 4:15
o clock Thursday afternoon in Room
200T in the basement of the English
corner.
San Francisco State will take the
negative of the question, while the
Stanford team will debate the af
firmative. Constructive speeches will
be ten minutes in length, while re
buttals will be five minutes in length.
Stanford s first debate of the year
will take place Thursday afternoon
before a general meeting of the
entire debate squad. Anyone inter
ested in debating will be given an
idea of the arguments for both sides
of the question; namely, "Resolved,
that an Anglo-American mutual as
sistance pact in case of aggression
will work for the best interest of
world peace."
A team from San Francisco State
College will meet a team from Stan
ford which is to be chosen later.
The debate will take place at 4:15
o clock Thursday afternoon in Room
200T in the basement of the English
corner.
San Francisco State will take the
negative of the question, while the
Stanford team will debate the af
firmative. Constructive speeches will
be ten minutes in length, while re
buttals will be five minutes in length.
Stanford s first debate of the year
will take place Thursday afternoon
before a general meeting of the
entire debate squad. Anyone inter
ested in debating will be given an
idea of the arguments for both sides
of the question; namely, "Resolved,
that an Anglo-American mutual as
sistance pact in case of aggression
will work for the best interest of
world peace."
A team from San Francisco State
College will meet a team from Stan
ford which is to be chosen later.
The debate will take place at 4:15
o clock Thursday afternoon in Room
200T in the basement of the English
corner.
San Francisco State will take the
negative of the question, while the
Stanford team will debate the af
firmative. Constructive speeches will
be ten minutes in length, while re
buttals will be five minutes in length.
Stanford s first debate of the year
will take place Thursday afternoon
before a general meeting of the
entire debate squad. Anyone inter
ested in debating will be given an
idea of the arguments for both sides
of the question; namely, "Resolved,
that an Anglo-American mutual as
sistance pact in case of aggression
will work for the best interest of
world peace."
A team from San Francisco State
College will meet a team from Stan
ford which is to be chosen later.
The debate will take place at 4:15
o clock Thursday afternoon in Room
200T in the basement of the English
corner.
San Francisco State will take the
negative of the question, while the
Stanford team will debate the af
firmative. Constructive speeches will
be ten minutes in length, while re
buttals will be five minutes in length.
Stanford s first debate of the year
will take place Thursday afternoon
before a general meeting of the
entire debate squad. Anyone inter
ested in debating will be given an
idea of the arguments for both sides
of the question; namely, "Resolved,
that an Anglo-American mutual as
sistance pact in case of aggression
will work for the best interest of
world peace."
A team from San Francisco State
College will meet a team from Stan
ford which is to be chosen later.
The debate will take place at 4:15
o clock Thursday afternoon in Room
200T in the basement of the English
corner.
San Francisco State will take the
negative of the question, while the
Stanford team will debate the af
firmative. Constructive speeches will
be ten minutes in length, while re
buttals will be five minutes in length.
Stanford s first debate of the year
will take place Thursday afternoon
before a general meeting of the
entire debate squad. Anyone inter
ested in debating will be given an
idea of the arguments for both sides
of the question; namely, "Resolved,
that an Anglo-American mutual as
sistance pact in case of aggression
will work for the best interest of
world peace."
A team from San Francisco State
College will meet a team from Stan
ford which is to be chosen later.
The debate will take place at 4:15
o clock Thursday afternoon in Room
200T in the basement of the English
corner.
San Francisco State will take the
negative of the question, while the
Stanford team will debate the af
firmative. Constructive speeches will
be ten minutes in length, while re
buttals will be five minutes in length.
Stanford s first debate of the year
will take place Thursday afternoon
before a general meeting of the
entire debate squad. Anyone inter
ested in debating will be given an
idea of the arguments for both sides
of the question; namely, "Resolved,
that an Anglo-American mutual as
sistance pact in case of aggression
will work for the best interest of
world peace."
A team from San Francisco State
College will meet a team from Stan
ford which is to be chosen later.
The debate will take place at 4:15
o clock Thursday afternoon in Room
200T in the basement of the English
corner.
San Francisco State will take the
negative of the question, while the
Stanford team will debate the af
firmative. Constructive speeches will
be ten minutes in length, while re
buttals will be five minutes in length.
Stanford s first debate of the year
will take place Thursday afternoon
before a general meeting of the
entire debate squad. Anyone inter
ested in debating will be given an
idea of the arguments for both sides
of the question; namely, "Resolved,
that an Anglo-American mutual as
sistance pact in case of aggression
will work for the best interest of
world peace."
A team from San Francisco State
College will meet a team from Stan
ford which is to be chosen later.
The debate will take place at 4:15
o clock Thursday afternoon in Room
200T in the basement of the English
corner.
San Francisco State will take the
negative of the question, while the
Stanford team will debate the af
firmative. Constructive speeches will
be ten minutes in length, while re
buttals will be five minutes in length.
Stanford s first debate of the year
will take place Thursday afternoon
before a general meeting of the
entire debate squad. Anyone inter
ested in debating will be given an
idea of the arguments for both sides
of the question; namely, "Resolved,
that an Anglo-American mutual as
sistance pact in case of aggression
will work for the best interest of
world peace."
A team from San Francisco State
College will meet a team from Stan
ford which is to be chosen later.
The debate will take place at 4:15
o clock Thursday afternoon in Room
200T in the basement of the English
corner.
San Francisco State will take the
negative of the question, while the
Stanford team will debate the af
firmative. Constructive speeches will
be ten minutes in length, while re
buttals will be five minutes in length.
Stanford s first debate of the year
will take place Thursday afternoon
before a general meeting of the
entire debate squad. Anyone inter
ested in debating will be given an
idea of the arguments for both sides
of the question; namely, "Resolved,
that an Anglo-American mutual as
sistance pact in case of aggression
will work for the best interest of
world peace."
A team from San Francisco State
College will meet a team from Stan
ford which is to be chosen later.
The debate will take place at 4:15
o clock Thursday afternoon in Room
200T in the basement of the English
corner.
San Francisco State will take the
negative of the question, while the
Stanford team will debate the af
firmative. Constructive speeches will
be ten minutes in length, while re
buttals will be five minutes in length.
