# Lacrosse Meeting
## 
### 
There will bo a mooting of all
those interested in playing la
crosse at Stanford in front of the
Men's Gym Saturday morning at
10:30 a.m.
There will bo a mooting of all
those interested in playing la
crosse at Stanford in front of the
Men's Gym Saturday morning at
10:30 a.m.
There will bo a mooting of all
those interested in playing la
crosse at Stanford in front of the
Men's Gym Saturday morning at
10:30 a.m.
There will bo a mooting of all
those interested in playing la
crosse at Stanford in front of the
Men's Gym Saturday morning at
10:30 a.m.
There will bo a mooting of all
those interested in playing la
crosse at Stanford in front of the
Men's Gym Saturday morning at
10:30 a.m.
There will bo a mooting of all
those interested in playing la
crosse at Stanford in front of the
Men's Gym Saturday morning at
10:30 a.m.
There will bo a mooting of all
those interested in playing la
crosse at Stanford in front of the
Men's Gym Saturday morning at
10:30 a.m.
There will bo a mooting of all
those interested in playing la
crosse at Stanford in front of the
Men's Gym Saturday morning at
10:30 a.m.
There will bo a mooting of all
those interested in playing la
crosse at Stanford in front of the
Men's Gym Saturday morning at
10:30 a.m.
There will bo a mooting of all
those interested in playing la
crosse at Stanford in front of the
Men's Gym Saturday morning at
10:30 a.m.
There will bo a mooting of all
those interested in playing la
crosse at Stanford in front of the
Men's Gym Saturday morning at
10:30 a.m.
There will bo a mooting of all
those interested in playing la
crosse at Stanford in front of the
Men's Gym Saturday morning at
10:30 a.m.
There will bo a mooting of all
those interested in playing la
crosse at Stanford in front of the
Men's Gym Saturday morning at
10:30 a.m.
There will bo a mooting of all
those interested in playing la
crosse at Stanford in front of the
Men's Gym Saturday morning at
10:30 a.m.
There will bo a mooting of all
those interested in playing la
crosse at Stanford in front of the
Men's Gym Saturday morning at
10:30 a.m.
There will bo a mooting of all
those interested in playing la
crosse at Stanford in front of the
Men's Gym Saturday morning at
10:30 a.m.
There will bo a mooting of all
those interested in playing la
crosse at Stanford in front of the
Men's Gym Saturday morning at
10:30 a.m.
There will bo a mooting of all
those interested in playing la
crosse at Stanford in front of the
Men's Gym Saturday morning at
10:30 a.m.
