# PAGE 2
## THE 						INAUGURATION... 
### 

OBAMA TIME: Unless you've been living under a rock for the past few months, you've probably noticed that we have a newly elected
president. Surrounded by celebrity performers (nice hat, Aretha) and 1.8 million onlookers (the largest event ever held in DC) Obama
finally took the oath, even though Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts messed it up a bit. How did America feel about the whole
thing? According to The Associated Press, 53 percent of those watching the event felt more optimistic, while 15 percent felt more pes
simistic...not too shabby.

OBAMA TIME: Unless you've been living under a rock for the past few months, you've probably noticed that we have a newly elected
president. Surrounded by celebrity performers (nice hat, Aretha) and 1.8 million onlookers (the largest event ever held in DC) Obama
finally took the oath, even though Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts messed it up a bit. How did America feel about the whole
thing? According to The Associated Press, 53 percent of those watching the event felt more optimistic, while 15 percent felt more pes
simistic...not too shabby.

OBAMA TIME: Unless you've been living under a rock for the past few months, you've probably noticed that we have a newly elected
president. Surrounded by celebrity performers (nice hat, Aretha) and 1.8 million onlookers (the largest event ever held in DC) Obama
finally took the oath, even though Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts messed it up a bit. How did America feel about the whole
thing? According to The Associated Press, 53 percent of those watching the event felt more optimistic, while 15 percent felt more pes
simistic...not too shabby.

OBAMA TIME: Unless you've been living under a rock for the past few months, you've probably noticed that we have a newly elected
president. Surrounded by celebrity performers (nice hat, Aretha) and 1.8 million onlookers (the largest event ever held in DC) Obama
finally took the oath, even though Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts messed it up a bit. How did America feel about the whole
thing? According to The Associated Press, 53 percent of those watching the event felt more optimistic, while 15 percent felt more pes
simistic...not too shabby.

OBAMA TIME: Unless you've been living under a rock for the past few months, you've probably noticed that we have a newly elected
president. Surrounded by celebrity performers (nice hat, Aretha) and 1.8 million onlookers (the largest event ever held in DC) Obama
finally took the oath, even though Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts messed it up a bit. How did America feel about the whole
thing? According to The Associated Press, 53 percent of those watching the event felt more optimistic, while 15 percent felt more pes
simistic...not too shabby.

OBAMA TIME: Unless you've been living under a rock for the past few months, you've probably noticed that we have a newly elected
president. Surrounded by celebrity performers (nice hat, Aretha) and 1.8 million onlookers (the largest event ever held in DC) Obama
finally took the oath, even though Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts messed it up a bit. How did America feel about the whole
thing? According to The Associated Press, 53 percent of those watching the event felt more optimistic, while 15 percent felt more pes
simistic...not too shabby.
