# Minuet Club Will Dance.
## 
### 
The Minuet Club will hold the first
dance Saturday, October 14, at Frater
nity Hall. Palo Alto. Mrs. L. M. War
ren will conduct the club with Mr. and
Mrs. Herbert Knollln as patrons for
the firtt meeting.
The Minuet Club will hold the first
dance Saturday, October 14, at Frater
nity Hall. Palo Alto. Mrs. L. M. War
ren will conduct the club with Mr. and
Mrs. Herbert Knollln as patrons for
the firtt meeting.
The Minuet Club will hold the first
dance Saturday, October 14, at Frater
nity Hall. Palo Alto. Mrs. L. M. War
ren will conduct the club with Mr. and
Mrs. Herbert Knollln as patrons for
the firtt meeting.
The Minuet Club will hold the first
dance Saturday, October 14, at Frater
nity Hall. Palo Alto. Mrs. L. M. War
ren will conduct the club with Mr. and
Mrs. Herbert Knollln as patrons for
the firtt meeting.
The Minuet Club will hold the first
dance Saturday, October 14, at Frater
nity Hall. Palo Alto. Mrs. L. M. War
ren will conduct the club with Mr. and
Mrs. Herbert Knollln as patrons for
the firtt meeting.
The Minuet Club will hold the first
dance Saturday, October 14, at Frater
nity Hall. Palo Alto. Mrs. L. M. War
ren will conduct the club with Mr. and
Mrs. Herbert Knollln as patrons for
the firtt meeting.
The Minuet Club will hold the first
dance Saturday, October 14, at Frater
nity Hall. Palo Alto. Mrs. L. M. War
ren will conduct the club with Mr. and
Mrs. Herbert Knollln as patrons for
the firtt meeting.
The Minuet Club will hold the first
dance Saturday, October 14, at Frater
nity Hall. Palo Alto. Mrs. L. M. War
ren will conduct the club with Mr. and
Mrs. Herbert Knollln as patrons for
the firtt meeting.
The Minuet Club will hold the first
dance Saturday, October 14, at Frater
nity Hall. Palo Alto. Mrs. L. M. War
ren will conduct the club with Mr. and
Mrs. Herbert Knollln as patrons for
the firtt meeting.
The Minuet Club will hold the first
dance Saturday, October 14, at Frater
nity Hall. Palo Alto. Mrs. L. M. War
ren will conduct the club with Mr. and
Mrs. Herbert Knollln as patrons for
the firtt meeting.
The Minuet Club will hold the first
dance Saturday, October 14, at Frater
nity Hall. Palo Alto. Mrs. L. M. War
ren will conduct the club with Mr. and
Mrs. Herbert Knollln as patrons for
the firtt meeting.
The Minuet Club will hold the first
dance Saturday, October 14, at Frater
nity Hall. Palo Alto. Mrs. L. M. War
ren will conduct the club with Mr. and
Mrs. Herbert Knollln as patrons for
the firtt meeting.
