# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The return of the Bittner Relav
Trophy by the Harvard School of Los:
Angeles brings to light a lamentable
truth in connection with the labt In
terscholastic track meet — namely,
that a man entered the meet knowing
that he was disqualified therefrom by
the regulations cf the contest. The
authorities .of the school have tanon
the only step they could to rectify
the injustice that may or may not
have resulted —for none can tell what
team would have won the race if the
Ineligible contestant had not run —
and the governors of the InterscLol
astic Association have but one
course open to them —to see that in
justice is not done the contestants
who may have suffered most. The ?e
seem to be the members of the ro'.ay
team of the Berkeley high school.
The situation is scandolous and
should be faced firmly so that there
can exist no doubt that trifling with
the regulations of the association will
not be tolerated.
The return of the Bittner Relav
Trophy by the Harvard School of Los:
Angeles brings to light a lamentable
truth in connection with the labt In
terscholastic track meet — namely,
that a man entered the meet knowing
that he was disqualified therefrom by
the regulations cf the contest. The
authorities .of the school have tanon
the only step they could to rectify
the injustice that may or may not
have resulted —for none can tell what
team would have won the race if the
Ineligible contestant had not run —
and the governors of the InterscLol
astic Association have but one
course open to them —to see that in
justice is not done the contestants
who may have suffered most. The ?e
seem to be the members of the ro'.ay
team of the Berkeley high school.
The situation is scandolous and
should be faced firmly so that there
can exist no doubt that trifling with
the regulations of the association will
not be tolerated.
The return of the Bittner Relav
Trophy by the Harvard School of Los:
Angeles brings to light a lamentable
truth in connection with the labt In
terscholastic track meet — namely,
that a man entered the meet knowing
that he was disqualified therefrom by
the regulations cf the contest. The
authorities .of the school have tanon
the only step they could to rectify
the injustice that may or may not
have resulted —for none can tell what
team would have won the race if the
Ineligible contestant had not run —
and the governors of the InterscLol
astic Association have but one
course open to them —to see that in
justice is not done the contestants
who may have suffered most. The ?e
seem to be the members of the ro'.ay
team of the Berkeley high school.
The situation is scandolous and
should be faced firmly so that there
can exist no doubt that trifling with
the regulations of the association will
not be tolerated.
The return of the Bittner Relav
Trophy by the Harvard School of Los:
Angeles brings to light a lamentable
truth in connection with the labt In
terscholastic track meet — namely,
that a man entered the meet knowing
that he was disqualified therefrom by
the regulations cf the contest. The
authorities .of the school have tanon
the only step they could to rectify
the injustice that may or may not
have resulted —for none can tell what
team would have won the race if the
Ineligible contestant had not run —
and the governors of the InterscLol
astic Association have but one
course open to them —to see that in
justice is not done the contestants
who may have suffered most. The ?e
seem to be the members of the ro'.ay
team of the Berkeley high school.
The situation is scandolous and
should be faced firmly so that there
can exist no doubt that trifling with
the regulations of the association will
not be tolerated.
The return of the Bittner Relav
Trophy by the Harvard School of Los:
Angeles brings to light a lamentable
truth in connection with the labt In
terscholastic track meet — namely,
that a man entered the meet knowing
that he was disqualified therefrom by
the regulations cf the contest. The
authorities .of the school have tanon
the only step they could to rectify
the injustice that may or may not
have resulted —for none can tell what
team would have won the race if the
Ineligible contestant had not run —
and the governors of the InterscLol
astic Association have but one
course open to them —to see that in
justice is not done the contestants
who may have suffered most. The ?e
seem to be the members of the ro'.ay
team of the Berkeley high school.
The situation is scandolous and
should be faced firmly so that there
can exist no doubt that trifling with
the regulations of the association will
not be tolerated.
The return of the Bittner Relav
Trophy by the Harvard School of Los:
Angeles brings to light a lamentable
truth in connection with the labt In
terscholastic track meet — namely,
that a man entered the meet knowing
that he was disqualified therefrom by
the regulations cf the contest. The
authorities .of the school have tanon
the only step they could to rectify
the injustice that may or may not
have resulted —for none can tell what
team would have won the race if the
Ineligible contestant had not run —
and the governors of the InterscLol
astic Association have but one
course open to them —to see that in
justice is not done the contestants
who may have suffered most. The ?e
seem to be the members of the ro'.ay
team of the Berkeley high school.
The situation is scandolous and
should be faced firmly so that there
can exist no doubt that trifling with
the regulations of the association will
not be tolerated.
The return of the Bittner Relav
Trophy by the Harvard School of Los:
Angeles brings to light a lamentable
truth in connection with the labt In
terscholastic track meet — namely,
that a man entered the meet knowing
that he was disqualified therefrom by
the regulations cf the contest. The
authorities .of the school have tanon
the only step they could to rectify
the injustice that may or may not
have resulted —for none can tell what
team would have won the race if the
Ineligible contestant had not run —
and the governors of the InterscLol
astic Association have but one
course open to them —to see that in
justice is not done the contestants
who may have suffered most. The ?e
seem to be the members of the ro'.ay
team of the Berkeley high school.
The situation is scandolous and
should be faced firmly so that there
can exist no doubt that trifling with
the regulations of the association will
not be tolerated.
The return of the Bittner Relav
Trophy by the Harvard School of Los:
Angeles brings to light a lamentable
truth in connection with the labt In
terscholastic track meet — namely,
that a man entered the meet knowing
that he was disqualified therefrom by
the regulations cf the contest. The
authorities .of the school have tanon
the only step they could to rectify
the injustice that may or may not
have resulted —for none can tell what
team would have won the race if the
Ineligible contestant had not run —
and the governors of the InterscLol
astic Association have but one
course open to them —to see that in
justice is not done the contestants
who may have suffered most. The ?e
seem to be the members of the ro'.ay
team of the Berkeley high school.
The situation is scandolous and
should be faced firmly so that there
can exist no doubt that trifling with
the regulations of the association will
not be tolerated.
The return of the Bittner Relav
Trophy by the Harvard School of Los:
Angeles brings to light a lamentable
truth in connection with the labt In
terscholastic track meet — namely,
that a man entered the meet knowing
that he was disqualified therefrom by
the regulations cf the contest. The
authorities .of the school have tanon
the only step they could to rectify
the injustice that may or may not
have resulted —for none can tell what
team would have won the race if the
Ineligible contestant had not run —
and the governors of the InterscLol
astic Association have but one
course open to them —to see that in
justice is not done the contestants
who may have suffered most. The ?e
seem to be the members of the ro'.ay
team of the Berkeley high school.
The situation is scandolous and
should be faced firmly so that there
can exist no doubt that trifling with
the regulations of the association will
not be tolerated.
The return of the Bittner Relav
Trophy by the Harvard School of Los:
Angeles brings to light a lamentable
truth in connection with the labt In
terscholastic track meet — namely,
that a man entered the meet knowing
that he was disqualified therefrom by
the regulations cf the contest. The
authorities .of the school have tanon
the only step they could to rectify
the injustice that may or may not
have resulted —for none can tell what
team would have won the race if the
Ineligible contestant had not run —
and the governors of the InterscLol
astic Association have but one
course open to them —to see that in
justice is not done the contestants
who may have suffered most. The ?e
seem to be the members of the ro'.ay
team of the Berkeley high school.
The situation is scandolous and
should be faced firmly so that there
can exist no doubt that trifling with
the regulations of the association will
not be tolerated.
