# Chaplain Preaches Next Sunday.
## 
### 
Rev. D. Charles Gardner will
preach at the regular Sunday ser
vice in the Chapel. A number of
prominent ministers were asked to
fill the Chapel pulpit next Sunday
but. of those who were invited none
were able to accept. Beginning with
next month the pulpit on the second
and fourth Sundays will be filled
with well Irnown ministers who have
accepted Chaplain Gardner's invita
tion to preach.
Rev. D. Charles Gardner will
preach at the regular Sunday ser
vice in the Chapel. A number of
prominent ministers were asked to
fill the Chapel pulpit next Sunday
but. of those who were invited none
were able to accept. Beginning with
next month the pulpit on the second
and fourth Sundays will be filled
with well Irnown ministers who have
accepted Chaplain Gardner's invita
tion to preach.
Rev. D. Charles Gardner will
preach at the regular Sunday ser
vice in the Chapel. A number of
prominent ministers were asked to
fill the Chapel pulpit next Sunday
but. of those who were invited none
were able to accept. Beginning with
next month the pulpit on the second
and fourth Sundays will be filled
with well Irnown ministers who have
accepted Chaplain Gardner's invita
tion to preach.
Rev. D. Charles Gardner will
preach at the regular Sunday ser
vice in the Chapel. A number of
prominent ministers were asked to
fill the Chapel pulpit next Sunday
but. of those who were invited none
were able to accept. Beginning with
next month the pulpit on the second
and fourth Sundays will be filled
with well Irnown ministers who have
accepted Chaplain Gardner's invita
tion to preach.
Rev. D. Charles Gardner will
preach at the regular Sunday ser
vice in the Chapel. A number of
prominent ministers were asked to
fill the Chapel pulpit next Sunday
but. of those who were invited none
were able to accept. Beginning with
next month the pulpit on the second
and fourth Sundays will be filled
with well Irnown ministers who have
accepted Chaplain Gardner's invita
tion to preach.
Rev. D. Charles Gardner will
preach at the regular Sunday ser
vice in the Chapel. A number of
prominent ministers were asked to
fill the Chapel pulpit next Sunday
but. of those who were invited none
were able to accept. Beginning with
next month the pulpit on the second
and fourth Sundays will be filled
with well Irnown ministers who have
accepted Chaplain Gardner's invita
tion to preach.
Rev. D. Charles Gardner will
preach at the regular Sunday ser
vice in the Chapel. A number of
prominent ministers were asked to
fill the Chapel pulpit next Sunday
but. of those who were invited none
were able to accept. Beginning with
next month the pulpit on the second
and fourth Sundays will be filled
with well Irnown ministers who have
accepted Chaplain Gardner's invita
tion to preach.
Rev. D. Charles Gardner will
preach at the regular Sunday ser
vice in the Chapel. A number of
prominent ministers were asked to
fill the Chapel pulpit next Sunday
but. of those who were invited none
were able to accept. Beginning with
next month the pulpit on the second
and fourth Sundays will be filled
with well Irnown ministers who have
accepted Chaplain Gardner's invita
tion to preach.
Rev. D. Charles Gardner will
preach at the regular Sunday ser
vice in the Chapel. A number of
prominent ministers were asked to
fill the Chapel pulpit next Sunday
but. of those who were invited none
were able to accept. Beginning with
next month the pulpit on the second
and fourth Sundays will be filled
with well Irnown ministers who have
accepted Chaplain Gardner's invita
tion to preach.
Rev. D. Charles Gardner will
preach at the regular Sunday ser
vice in the Chapel. A number of
prominent ministers were asked to
fill the Chapel pulpit next Sunday
but. of those who were invited none
were able to accept. Beginning with
next month the pulpit on the second
and fourth Sundays will be filled
with well Irnown ministers who have
accepted Chaplain Gardner's invita
tion to preach.
