# Veterans To Sign
## 
### 
Veterans enrolled under FL 550,
Korean fil bill, are reminded that
attendance vouchers are available
for signature in the National
Service Office and must be com
pleted by Dec. 9 in order to re
ceive payment before Christmas.
Veterans enrolled under FL 550,
Korean fil bill, are reminded that
attendance vouchers are available
for signature in the National
Service Office and must be com
pleted by Dec. 9 in order to re
ceive payment before Christmas.
Veterans enrolled under FL 550,
Korean fil bill, are reminded that
attendance vouchers are available
for signature in the National
Service Office and must be com
pleted by Dec. 9 in order to re
ceive payment before Christmas.
Veterans enrolled under FL 550,
Korean fil bill, are reminded that
attendance vouchers are available
for signature in the National
Service Office and must be com
pleted by Dec. 9 in order to re
ceive payment before Christmas.
Veterans enrolled under FL 550,
Korean fil bill, are reminded that
attendance vouchers are available
for signature in the National
Service Office and must be com
pleted by Dec. 9 in order to re
ceive payment before Christmas.
Veterans enrolled under FL 550,
Korean fil bill, are reminded that
attendance vouchers are available
for signature in the National
Service Office and must be com
pleted by Dec. 9 in order to re
ceive payment before Christmas.
Veterans enrolled under FL 550,
Korean fil bill, are reminded that
attendance vouchers are available
for signature in the National
Service Office and must be com
pleted by Dec. 9 in order to re
ceive payment before Christmas.
Veterans enrolled under FL 550,
Korean fil bill, are reminded that
attendance vouchers are available
for signature in the National
Service Office and must be com
pleted by Dec. 9 in order to re
ceive payment before Christmas.
Veterans enrolled under FL 550,
Korean fil bill, are reminded that
attendance vouchers are available
for signature in the National
Service Office and must be com
pleted by Dec. 9 in order to re
ceive payment before Christmas.
Veterans enrolled under FL 550,
Korean fil bill, are reminded that
attendance vouchers are available
for signature in the National
Service Office and must be com
pleted by Dec. 9 in order to re
ceive payment before Christmas.
Veterans enrolled under FL 550,
Korean fil bill, are reminded that
attendance vouchers are available
for signature in the National
Service Office and must be com
pleted by Dec. 9 in order to re
ceive payment before Christmas.
Veterans enrolled under FL 550,
Korean fil bill, are reminded that
attendance vouchers are available
for signature in the National
Service Office and must be com
pleted by Dec. 9 in order to re
ceive payment before Christmas.
Veterans enrolled under FL 550,
Korean fil bill, are reminded that
attendance vouchers are available
for signature in the National
Service Office and must be com
pleted by Dec. 9 in order to re
ceive payment before Christmas.
Veterans enrolled under FL 550,
Korean fil bill, are reminded that
attendance vouchers are available
for signature in the National
Service Office and must be com
pleted by Dec. 9 in order to re
ceive payment before Christmas.
Veterans enrolled under FL 550,
Korean fil bill, are reminded that
attendance vouchers are available
for signature in the National
Service Office and must be com
pleted by Dec. 9 in order to re
ceive payment before Christmas.
Veterans enrolled under FL 550,
Korean fil bill, are reminded that
attendance vouchers are available
for signature in the National
Service Office and must be com
pleted by Dec. 9 in order to re
ceive payment before Christmas.
Veterans enrolled under FL 550,
Korean fil bill, are reminded that
attendance vouchers are available
for signature in the National
Service Office and must be com
pleted by Dec. 9 in order to re
ceive payment before Christmas.
