# Professor Smith Ill.
## 
### 
Professor J. P. Smith of the
Geology department, who was taken
to Lane Hospital last Wednesday,
has successfully passed through an
operation. Professor Smith will be
unable to resume work in his
classes for about a month. He
gives courses in mineralogy,
petrography, paleontology, and
crystallography.
Professor J. P. Smith of the
Geology department, who was taken
to Lane Hospital last Wednesday,
has successfully passed through an
operation. Professor Smith will be
unable to resume work in his
classes for about a month. He
gives courses in mineralogy,
petrography, paleontology, and
crystallography.
Professor J. P. Smith of the
Geology department, who was taken
to Lane Hospital last Wednesday,
has successfully passed through an
operation. Professor Smith will be
unable to resume work in his
classes for about a month. He
gives courses in mineralogy,
petrography, paleontology, and
crystallography.
Professor J. P. Smith of the
Geology department, who was taken
to Lane Hospital last Wednesday,
has successfully passed through an
operation. Professor Smith will be
unable to resume work in his
classes for about a month. He
gives courses in mineralogy,
petrography, paleontology, and
crystallography.
Professor J. P. Smith of the
Geology department, who was taken
to Lane Hospital last Wednesday,
has successfully passed through an
operation. Professor Smith will be
unable to resume work in his
classes for about a month. He
gives courses in mineralogy,
petrography, paleontology, and
crystallography.
Professor J. P. Smith of the
Geology department, who was taken
to Lane Hospital last Wednesday,
has successfully passed through an
operation. Professor Smith will be
unable to resume work in his
classes for about a month. He
gives courses in mineralogy,
petrography, paleontology, and
crystallography.
Professor J. P. Smith of the
Geology department, who was taken
to Lane Hospital last Wednesday,
has successfully passed through an
operation. Professor Smith will be
unable to resume work in his
classes for about a month. He
gives courses in mineralogy,
petrography, paleontology, and
crystallography.
Professor J. P. Smith of the
Geology department, who was taken
to Lane Hospital last Wednesday,
has successfully passed through an
operation. Professor Smith will be
unable to resume work in his
classes for about a month. He
gives courses in mineralogy,
petrography, paleontology, and
crystallography.
