# Seats for Chamber Concert.
## 
### 
The holders of season tickets for
the Chamber Concerts are taking
advantage of the opportunity offer
ed for reserving 6eats for the Schu
mann-Heinck concert of April Bth.
The seats are open to subscribers
only, and already over 500 of the
best seats have been taken. On
April 2d the remaining seats will
be placed on sale for the general
public.
The holders of season tickets for
the Chamber Concerts are taking
advantage of the opportunity offer
ed for reserving 6eats for the Schu
mann-Heinck concert of April Bth.
The seats are open to subscribers
only, and already over 500 of the
best seats have been taken. On
April 2d the remaining seats will
be placed on sale for the general
public.
The holders of season tickets for
the Chamber Concerts are taking
advantage of the opportunity offer
ed for reserving 6eats for the Schu
mann-Heinck concert of April Bth.
The seats are open to subscribers
only, and already over 500 of the
best seats have been taken. On
April 2d the remaining seats will
be placed on sale for the general
public.
The holders of season tickets for
the Chamber Concerts are taking
advantage of the opportunity offer
ed for reserving 6eats for the Schu
mann-Heinck concert of April Bth.
The seats are open to subscribers
only, and already over 500 of the
best seats have been taken. On
April 2d the remaining seats will
be placed on sale for the general
public.
The holders of season tickets for
the Chamber Concerts are taking
advantage of the opportunity offer
ed for reserving 6eats for the Schu
mann-Heinck concert of April Bth.
The seats are open to subscribers
only, and already over 500 of the
best seats have been taken. On
April 2d the remaining seats will
be placed on sale for the general
public.
The holders of season tickets for
the Chamber Concerts are taking
advantage of the opportunity offer
ed for reserving 6eats for the Schu
mann-Heinck concert of April Bth.
The seats are open to subscribers
only, and already over 500 of the
best seats have been taken. On
April 2d the remaining seats will
be placed on sale for the general
public.
The holders of season tickets for
the Chamber Concerts are taking
advantage of the opportunity offer
ed for reserving 6eats for the Schu
mann-Heinck concert of April Bth.
The seats are open to subscribers
only, and already over 500 of the
best seats have been taken. On
April 2d the remaining seats will
be placed on sale for the general
public.
The holders of season tickets for
the Chamber Concerts are taking
advantage of the opportunity offer
ed for reserving 6eats for the Schu
mann-Heinck concert of April Bth.
The seats are open to subscribers
only, and already over 500 of the
best seats have been taken. On
April 2d the remaining seats will
be placed on sale for the general
public.
