# Rehearsals for Farce.
## 
### 
The cast and chorus of the
Junior Farce have been rehearsing
diligently during the past week,
and Mr. Gerson, who has charge of
the production of the comedy,
announces that the amateur actors
are practically letter perfect in
their respective parts. Mr. Gerson
is enthusiastic over the play and
declares that it will be one of the
most creditable amateur perform
ances given at Stanford during
recent years.
Tomorrow evening a full-dress
rehearsal of the entire cast and
chorus will be held under the
direction of Mr. Gerson, and after
that final preparation the play will
be ready for presentation on Thurs
day night.
The sale of seats is being continu
ed at the Bookstore and at the Stan
ford Pharmacy in Palo Alto and a
large number of the best seats have
already been sold. At present the
indications are that a large house
will be present to witness the pro
duction of the play.
The cast and chorus of the
Junior Farce have been rehearsing
diligently during the past week,
and Mr. Gerson, who has charge of
the production of the comedy,
announces that the amateur actors
are practically letter perfect in
their respective parts. Mr. Gerson
is enthusiastic over the play and
declares that it will be one of the
most creditable amateur perform
ances given at Stanford during
recent years.
Tomorrow evening a full-dress
rehearsal of the entire cast and
chorus will be held under the
direction of Mr. Gerson, and after
that final preparation the play will
be ready for presentation on Thurs
day night.
The sale of seats is being continu
ed at the Bookstore and at the Stan
ford Pharmacy in Palo Alto and a
large number of the best seats have
already been sold. At present the
indications are that a large house
will be present to witness the pro
duction of the play.
The cast and chorus of the
Junior Farce have been rehearsing
diligently during the past week,
and Mr. Gerson, who has charge of
the production of the comedy,
announces that the amateur actors
are practically letter perfect in
their respective parts. Mr. Gerson
is enthusiastic over the play and
declares that it will be one of the
most creditable amateur perform
ances given at Stanford during
recent years.
Tomorrow evening a full-dress
rehearsal of the entire cast and
chorus will be held under the
direction of Mr. Gerson, and after
that final preparation the play will
be ready for presentation on Thurs
day night.
The sale of seats is being continu
ed at the Bookstore and at the Stan
ford Pharmacy in Palo Alto and a
large number of the best seats have
already been sold. At present the
indications are that a large house
will be present to witness the pro
duction of the play.
The cast and chorus of the
Junior Farce have been rehearsing
diligently during the past week,
and Mr. Gerson, who has charge of
the production of the comedy,
announces that the amateur actors
are practically letter perfect in
their respective parts. Mr. Gerson
is enthusiastic over the play and
declares that it will be one of the
most creditable amateur perform
ances given at Stanford during
recent years.
Tomorrow evening a full-dress
rehearsal of the entire cast and
chorus will be held under the
direction of Mr. Gerson, and after
that final preparation the play will
be ready for presentation on Thurs
day night.
The sale of seats is being continu
ed at the Bookstore and at the Stan
ford Pharmacy in Palo Alto and a
large number of the best seats have
already been sold. At present the
indications are that a large house
will be present to witness the pro
duction of the play.
The cast and chorus of the
Junior Farce have been rehearsing
diligently during the past week,
and Mr. Gerson, who has charge of
the production of the comedy,
announces that the amateur actors
are practically letter perfect in
their respective parts. Mr. Gerson
is enthusiastic over the play and
declares that it will be one of the
most creditable amateur perform
ances given at Stanford during
recent years.
Tomorrow evening a full-dress
rehearsal of the entire cast and
chorus will be held under the
direction of Mr. Gerson, and after
that final preparation the play will
be ready for presentation on Thurs
day night.
The sale of seats is being continu
ed at the Bookstore and at the Stan
ford Pharmacy in Palo Alto and a
large number of the best seats have
already been sold. At present the
indications are that a large house
will be present to witness the pro
duction of the play.
The cast and chorus of the
Junior Farce have been rehearsing
diligently during the past week,
and Mr. Gerson, who has charge of
the production of the comedy,
announces that the amateur actors
are practically letter perfect in
their respective parts. Mr. Gerson
is enthusiastic over the play and
declares that it will be one of the
most creditable amateur perform
ances given at Stanford during
recent years.
Tomorrow evening a full-dress
rehearsal of the entire cast and
chorus will be held under the
direction of Mr. Gerson, and after
that final preparation the play will
be ready for presentation on Thurs
day night.
The sale of seats is being continu
ed at the Bookstore and at the Stan
ford Pharmacy in Palo Alto and a
large number of the best seats have
already been sold. At present the
indications are that a large house
will be present to witness the pro
duction of the play.
The cast and chorus of the
Junior Farce have been rehearsing
diligently during the past week,
and Mr. Gerson, who has charge of
the production of the comedy,
announces that the amateur actors
are practically letter perfect in
their respective parts. Mr. Gerson
is enthusiastic over the play and
declares that it will be one of the
most creditable amateur perform
ances given at Stanford during
recent years.
Tomorrow evening a full-dress
rehearsal of the entire cast and
chorus will be held under the
direction of Mr. Gerson, and after
that final preparation the play will
be ready for presentation on Thurs
day night.
The sale of seats is being continu
ed at the Bookstore and at the Stan
ford Pharmacy in Palo Alto and a
large number of the best seats have
already been sold. At present the
indications are that a large house
will be present to witness the pro
duction of the play.
The cast and chorus of the
Junior Farce have been rehearsing
diligently during the past week,
and Mr. Gerson, who has charge of
the production of the comedy,
announces that the amateur actors
are practically letter perfect in
their respective parts. Mr. Gerson
is enthusiastic over the play and
declares that it will be one of the
most creditable amateur perform
ances given at Stanford during
recent years.
Tomorrow evening a full-dress
rehearsal of the entire cast and
chorus will be held under the
direction of Mr. Gerson, and after
that final preparation the play will
be ready for presentation on Thurs
day night.
The sale of seats is being continu
ed at the Bookstore and at the Stan
ford Pharmacy in Palo Alto and a
large number of the best seats have
already been sold. At present the
indications are that a large house
will be present to witness the pro
duction of the play.
