# Adv. 33 Page 6
## 
### 
" ASSU TRAVEL
As the only university sanctioned student
travel organization, we are your most reli
able and convenient source ot travel in
formation
COME SEE US ABOUT
OUR LOW COST
CHRISTMAS CHARTERS
R2nd Floor Tresidder Union 10 30-4 30
437-4437
" ASSU TRAVEL
As the only university sanctioned student
travel organization, we are your most reli
able and convenient source ot travel in
formation
COME SEE US ABOUT
OUR LOW COST
CHRISTMAS CHARTERS
R2nd Floor Tresidder Union 10 30-4 30
437-4437
" ASSU TRAVEL
As the only university sanctioned student
travel organization, we are your most reli
able and convenient source ot travel in
formation
COME SEE US ABOUT
OUR LOW COST
CHRISTMAS CHARTERS
R2nd Floor Tresidder Union 10 30-4 30
437-4437
" ASSU TRAVEL
As the only university sanctioned student
travel organization, we are your most reli
able and convenient source ot travel in
formation
COME SEE US ABOUT
OUR LOW COST
CHRISTMAS CHARTERS
R2nd Floor Tresidder Union 10 30-4 30
437-4437
" ASSU TRAVEL
As the only university sanctioned student
travel organization, we are your most reli
able and convenient source ot travel in
formation
COME SEE US ABOUT
OUR LOW COST
CHRISTMAS CHARTERS
R2nd Floor Tresidder Union 10 30-4 30
437-4437
" ASSU TRAVEL
As the only university sanctioned student
travel organization, we are your most reli
able and convenient source ot travel in
formation
COME SEE US ABOUT
OUR LOW COST
CHRISTMAS CHARTERS
R2nd Floor Tresidder Union 10 30-4 30
437-4437
" ASSU TRAVEL
As the only university sanctioned student
travel organization, we are your most reli
able and convenient source ot travel in
formation
COME SEE US ABOUT
OUR LOW COST
CHRISTMAS CHARTERS
R2nd Floor Tresidder Union 10 30-4 30
437-4437
" ASSU TRAVEL
As the only university sanctioned student
travel organization, we are your most reli
able and convenient source ot travel in
formation
COME SEE US ABOUT
OUR LOW COST
CHRISTMAS CHARTERS
R2nd Floor Tresidder Union 10 30-4 30
437-4437
" ASSU TRAVEL
As the only university sanctioned student
travel organization, we are your most reli
able and convenient source ot travel in
formation
COME SEE US ABOUT
OUR LOW COST
CHRISTMAS CHARTERS
R2nd Floor Tresidder Union 10 30-4 30
437-4437
" ASSU TRAVEL
As the only university sanctioned student
travel organization, we are your most reli
able and convenient source ot travel in
formation
COME SEE US ABOUT
OUR LOW COST
CHRISTMAS CHARTERS
R2nd Floor Tresidder Union 10 30-4 30
437-4437
" ASSU TRAVEL
As the only university sanctioned student
travel organization, we are your most reli
able and convenient source ot travel in
formation
COME SEE US ABOUT
OUR LOW COST
CHRISTMAS CHARTERS
R2nd Floor Tresidder Union 10 30-4 30
437-4437
" ASSU TRAVEL
As the only university sanctioned student
travel organization, we are your most reli
able and convenient source ot travel in
formation
COME SEE US ABOUT
OUR LOW COST
CHRISTMAS CHARTERS
R2nd Floor Tresidder Union 10 30-4 30
437-4437
" ASSU TRAVEL
As the only university sanctioned student
travel organization, we are your most reli
able and convenient source ot travel in
formation
COME SEE US ABOUT
OUR LOW COST
CHRISTMAS CHARTERS
R2nd Floor Tresidder Union 10 30-4 30
437-4437
" ASSU TRAVEL
As the only university sanctioned student
travel organization, we are your most reli
able and convenient source ot travel in
formation
COME SEE US ABOUT
OUR LOW COST
CHRISTMAS CHARTERS
R2nd Floor Tresidder Union 10 30-4 30
437-4437
