# Briefly
## 
### 
Sororities
Students Interested in Sororities
(SIS), a new organization wishing to
promote sororities here, will meet
today at 6:30 p.m. at Roth House.
Sororities
Students Interested in Sororities
(SIS), a new organization wishing to
promote sororities here, will meet
today at 6:30 p.m. at Roth House.
Sororities
Students Interested in Sororities
(SIS), a new organization wishing to
promote sororities here, will meet
today at 6:30 p.m. at Roth House.
Sororities
Students Interested in Sororities
(SIS), a new organization wishing to
promote sororities here, will meet
today at 6:30 p.m. at Roth House.
Sororities
Students Interested in Sororities
(SIS), a new organization wishing to
promote sororities here, will meet
today at 6:30 p.m. at Roth House.
Sororities
Students Interested in Sororities
(SIS), a new organization wishing to
promote sororities here, will meet
today at 6:30 p.m. at Roth House.
Sororities
Students Interested in Sororities
(SIS), a new organization wishing to
promote sororities here, will meet
today at 6:30 p.m. at Roth House.
Sororities
Students Interested in Sororities
(SIS), a new organization wishing to
promote sororities here, will meet
today at 6:30 p.m. at Roth House.
Sororities
Students Interested in Sororities
(SIS), a new organization wishing to
promote sororities here, will meet
today at 6:30 p.m. at Roth House.
Sororities
Students Interested in Sororities
(SIS), a new organization wishing to
promote sororities here, will meet
today at 6:30 p.m. at Roth House.
Sororities
Students Interested in Sororities
(SIS), a new organization wishing to
promote sororities here, will meet
today at 6:30 p.m. at Roth House.
Sororities
Students Interested in Sororities
(SIS), a new organization wishing to
promote sororities here, will meet
today at 6:30 p.m. at Roth House.
Sororities
Students Interested in Sororities
(SIS), a new organization wishing to
promote sororities here, will meet
today at 6:30 p.m. at Roth House.
Sororities
Students Interested in Sororities
(SIS), a new organization wishing to
promote sororities here, will meet
today at 6:30 p.m. at Roth House.
