# Poli Union to Interview For Program Director
## 
### 
Political Union will hold pro
gram director tryouts from 3 to 5
p.m. daily until Friday, in the
Political Union office on the sec
ond floor of the Student Union,
according to President Ernie
Hartz.
Political Union will hold pro
gram director tryouts from 3 to 5
p.m. daily until Friday, in the
Political Union office on the sec
ond floor of the Student Union,
according to President Ernie
Hartz.
Political Union will hold pro
gram director tryouts from 3 to 5
p.m. daily until Friday, in the
Political Union office on the sec
ond floor of the Student Union,
according to President Ernie
Hartz.
Political Union will hold pro
gram director tryouts from 3 to 5
p.m. daily until Friday, in the
Political Union office on the sec
ond floor of the Student Union,
according to President Ernie
Hartz.
Political Union will hold pro
gram director tryouts from 3 to 5
p.m. daily until Friday, in the
Political Union office on the sec
ond floor of the Student Union,
according to President Ernie
Hartz.
Political Union will hold pro
gram director tryouts from 3 to 5
p.m. daily until Friday, in the
Political Union office on the sec
ond floor of the Student Union,
according to President Ernie
Hartz.
Political Union will hold pro
gram director tryouts from 3 to 5
p.m. daily until Friday, in the
Political Union office on the sec
ond floor of the Student Union,
according to President Ernie
Hartz.
Political Union will hold pro
gram director tryouts from 3 to 5
p.m. daily until Friday, in the
Political Union office on the sec
ond floor of the Student Union,
according to President Ernie
Hartz.
Political Union will hold pro
gram director tryouts from 3 to 5
p.m. daily until Friday, in the
Political Union office on the sec
ond floor of the Student Union,
according to President Ernie
Hartz.
Political Union will hold pro
gram director tryouts from 3 to 5
p.m. daily until Friday, in the
Political Union office on the sec
ond floor of the Student Union,
according to President Ernie
Hartz.
Political Union will hold pro
gram director tryouts from 3 to 5
p.m. daily until Friday, in the
Political Union office on the sec
ond floor of the Student Union,
according to President Ernie
Hartz.
Political Union will hold pro
gram director tryouts from 3 to 5
p.m. daily until Friday, in the
Political Union office on the sec
ond floor of the Student Union,
according to President Ernie
Hartz.
Political Union will hold pro
gram director tryouts from 3 to 5
p.m. daily until Friday, in the
Political Union office on the sec
ond floor of the Student Union,
according to President Ernie
Hartz.
Political Union will hold pro
gram director tryouts from 3 to 5
p.m. daily until Friday, in the
Political Union office on the sec
ond floor of the Student Union,
according to President Ernie
Hartz.
Political Union will hold pro
gram director tryouts from 3 to 5
p.m. daily until Friday, in the
Political Union office on the sec
ond floor of the Student Union,
according to President Ernie
Hartz.
