# Job Interviews
## 
### 
Interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Douglas Aircraft Co., Inc.: 8.5..
M.S. and Ph.D. in aero., ME, CE.
ME. M.S. and Ph.D. in math and
physics. Summer employment for
students who have completed at
least junior year.
Sandia Corp.: EE. ME, lE, AE,
physics and math—all levels.
Bell Telephone Laboratories:
M.S. and Ph.D.—physics, chem.,
metallurgy, math, ME, EE.
Pacific Telephone & Telegraph
Co.: EE, ME, CE, physics—B.S.
and M.S. M.B.A.'s and humani
ties and sciences—A.B. and M.A.
Western Electric Co.: M.B.A.'s
and grads in business and econ.—
A.B. or B.S. EE, physics, elec
tronics, ME, lE, math—B.S.
