# Axe Society Tryouts
## 
### 
Axe Society tryouts for new
members will continue today from
4 to 5:30 p.m. in the ASSU Rally
Com office.
The society is especially inter
ested in freshmen and s o p h o
mores as well as upper classmen.
Axe Society tryouts for new
members will continue today from
4 to 5:30 p.m. in the ASSU Rally
Com office.
The society is especially inter
ested in freshmen and s o p h o
mores as well as upper classmen.
Axe Society tryouts for new
members will continue today from
4 to 5:30 p.m. in the ASSU Rally
Com office.
The society is especially inter
ested in freshmen and s o p h o
mores as well as upper classmen.
Axe Society tryouts for new
members will continue today from
4 to 5:30 p.m. in the ASSU Rally
Com office.
The society is especially inter
ested in freshmen and s o p h o
mores as well as upper classmen.
Axe Society tryouts for new
members will continue today from
4 to 5:30 p.m. in the ASSU Rally
Com office.
The society is especially inter
ested in freshmen and s o p h o
mores as well as upper classmen.
Axe Society tryouts for new
members will continue today from
4 to 5:30 p.m. in the ASSU Rally
Com office.
The society is especially inter
ested in freshmen and s o p h o
mores as well as upper classmen.
Axe Society tryouts for new
members will continue today from
4 to 5:30 p.m. in the ASSU Rally
Com office.
The society is especially inter
ested in freshmen and s o p h o
mores as well as upper classmen.
Axe Society tryouts for new
members will continue today from
4 to 5:30 p.m. in the ASSU Rally
Com office.
The society is especially inter
ested in freshmen and s o p h o
mores as well as upper classmen.
Axe Society tryouts for new
members will continue today from
4 to 5:30 p.m. in the ASSU Rally
Com office.
The society is especially inter
ested in freshmen and s o p h o
mores as well as upper classmen.
Axe Society tryouts for new
members will continue today from
4 to 5:30 p.m. in the ASSU Rally
Com office.
The society is especially inter
ested in freshmen and s o p h o
mores as well as upper classmen.
Axe Society tryouts for new
members will continue today from
4 to 5:30 p.m. in the ASSU Rally
Com office.
The society is especially inter
ested in freshmen and s o p h o
mores as well as upper classmen.
Axe Society tryouts for new
members will continue today from
4 to 5:30 p.m. in the ASSU Rally
Com office.
The society is especially inter
ested in freshmen and s o p h o
mores as well as upper classmen.
Axe Society tryouts for new
members will continue today from
4 to 5:30 p.m. in the ASSU Rally
Com office.
The society is especially inter
ested in freshmen and s o p h o
mores as well as upper classmen.
Axe Society tryouts for new
members will continue today from
4 to 5:30 p.m. in the ASSU Rally
Com office.
The society is especially inter
ested in freshmen and s o p h o
mores as well as upper classmen.
Axe Society tryouts for new
members will continue today from
4 to 5:30 p.m. in the ASSU Rally
Com office.
The society is especially inter
ested in freshmen and s o p h o
mores as well as upper classmen.
