# Electronics Radio Station Equipment Taken by Burglars
## 
### 
The electronics radio station be
hind the Ford Foundation was
broken into last Friday or Satur
day and over $100 worth of equip
ment was stolen, according to
Stanford Police Chief Gordon
Davis.
Davis said the burglary appar
ently occurred some lime between
I p.m. Friday and 1 p.m. Satur
day.
Missing are a $00 receiving
power supply set, a manual of in
structions book for operating the
power supply, a multimeter val
ued at between $40 and $;">0 and
approximately 00 assorted carbon
resistors.
The robbery was discovered by j
Richard Rich of the Electronics
Research Department.
Entrance was apparently gain
ed by forcing tho padlock on the
door.
Police have no clues concerning
the robbery, according to Davis.
The electronics radio station be
hind the Ford Foundation was
broken into last Friday or Satur
day and over $100 worth of equip
ment was stolen, according to
Stanford Police Chief Gordon
Davis.
Davis said the burglary appar
ently occurred some lime between
I p.m. Friday and 1 p.m. Satur
day.
Missing are a $00 receiving
power supply set, a manual of in
structions book for operating the
power supply, a multimeter val
ued at between $40 and $;">0 and
approximately 00 assorted carbon
resistors.
The robbery was discovered by j
Richard Rich of the Electronics
Research Department.
Entrance was apparently gain
ed by forcing tho padlock on the
door.
Police have no clues concerning
the robbery, according to Davis.
The electronics radio station be
hind the Ford Foundation was
broken into last Friday or Satur
day and over $100 worth of equip
ment was stolen, according to
Stanford Police Chief Gordon
Davis.
Davis said the burglary appar
ently occurred some lime between
I p.m. Friday and 1 p.m. Satur
day.
Missing are a $00 receiving
power supply set, a manual of in
structions book for operating the
power supply, a multimeter val
ued at between $40 and $;">0 and
approximately 00 assorted carbon
resistors.
The robbery was discovered by j
Richard Rich of the Electronics
Research Department.
Entrance was apparently gain
ed by forcing tho padlock on the
door.
Police have no clues concerning
the robbery, according to Davis.
The electronics radio station be
hind the Ford Foundation was
broken into last Friday or Satur
day and over $100 worth of equip
ment was stolen, according to
Stanford Police Chief Gordon
Davis.
Davis said the burglary appar
ently occurred some lime between
I p.m. Friday and 1 p.m. Satur
day.
Missing are a $00 receiving
power supply set, a manual of in
structions book for operating the
power supply, a multimeter val
ued at between $40 and $;">0 and
approximately 00 assorted carbon
resistors.
The robbery was discovered by j
Richard Rich of the Electronics
Research Department.
Entrance was apparently gain
ed by forcing tho padlock on the
door.
Police have no clues concerning
the robbery, according to Davis.
The electronics radio station be
hind the Ford Foundation was
broken into last Friday or Satur
day and over $100 worth of equip
ment was stolen, according to
Stanford Police Chief Gordon
Davis.
Davis said the burglary appar
ently occurred some lime between
I p.m. Friday and 1 p.m. Satur
day.
Missing are a $00 receiving
power supply set, a manual of in
structions book for operating the
power supply, a multimeter val
ued at between $40 and $;">0 and
approximately 00 assorted carbon
resistors.
The robbery was discovered by j
Richard Rich of the Electronics
Research Department.
Entrance was apparently gain
ed by forcing tho padlock on the
door.
Police have no clues concerning
the robbery, according to Davis.
The electronics radio station be
hind the Ford Foundation was
broken into last Friday or Satur
day and over $100 worth of equip
ment was stolen, according to
Stanford Police Chief Gordon
Davis.
Davis said the burglary appar
ently occurred some lime between
I p.m. Friday and 1 p.m. Satur
day.
Missing are a $00 receiving
power supply set, a manual of in
structions book for operating the
power supply, a multimeter val
ued at between $40 and $;">0 and
approximately 00 assorted carbon
resistors.
The robbery was discovered by j
Richard Rich of the Electronics
Research Department.
Entrance was apparently gain
ed by forcing tho padlock on the
door.
Police have no clues concerning
the robbery, according to Davis.
The electronics radio station be
hind the Ford Foundation was
broken into last Friday or Satur
day and over $100 worth of equip
ment was stolen, according to
Stanford Police Chief Gordon
Davis.
Davis said the burglary appar
ently occurred some lime between
I p.m. Friday and 1 p.m. Satur
day.
Missing are a $00 receiving
power supply set, a manual of in
structions book for operating the
power supply, a multimeter val
ued at between $40 and $;">0 and
approximately 00 assorted carbon
resistors.
The robbery was discovered by j
Richard Rich of the Electronics
Research Department.
Entrance was apparently gain
ed by forcing tho padlock on the
door.
Police have no clues concerning
the robbery, according to Davis.
The electronics radio station be
hind the Ford Foundation was
broken into last Friday or Satur
day and over $100 worth of equip
ment was stolen, according to
Stanford Police Chief Gordon
Davis.
Davis said the burglary appar
ently occurred some lime between
I p.m. Friday and 1 p.m. Satur
day.
Missing are a $00 receiving
power supply set, a manual of in
structions book for operating the
power supply, a multimeter val
ued at between $40 and $;">0 and
approximately 00 assorted carbon
resistors.
The robbery was discovered by j
Richard Rich of the Electronics
Research Department.
Entrance was apparently gain
ed by forcing tho padlock on the
door.
Police have no clues concerning
the robbery, according to Davis.
The electronics radio station be
hind the Ford Foundation was
broken into last Friday or Satur
day and over $100 worth of equip
ment was stolen, according to
Stanford Police Chief Gordon
Davis.
Davis said the burglary appar
ently occurred some lime between
I p.m. Friday and 1 p.m. Satur
day.
Missing are a $00 receiving
power supply set, a manual of in
structions book for operating the
power supply, a multimeter val
ued at between $40 and $;">0 and
approximately 00 assorted carbon
resistors.
The robbery was discovered by j
Richard Rich of the Electronics
Research Department.
Entrance was apparently gain
ed by forcing tho padlock on the
door.
Police have no clues concerning
the robbery, according to Davis.
The electronics radio station be
hind the Ford Foundation was
broken into last Friday or Satur
day and over $100 worth of equip
ment was stolen, according to
Stanford Police Chief Gordon
Davis.
Davis said the burglary appar
ently occurred some lime between
I p.m. Friday and 1 p.m. Satur
day.
Missing are a $00 receiving
power supply set, a manual of in
structions book for operating the
power supply, a multimeter val
ued at between $40 and $;">0 and
approximately 00 assorted carbon
resistors.
The robbery was discovered by j
Richard Rich of the Electronics
Research Department.
Entrance was apparently gain
ed by forcing tho padlock on the
door.
Police have no clues concerning
the robbery, according to Davis.
The electronics radio station be
hind the Ford Foundation was
broken into last Friday or Satur
day and over $100 worth of equip
ment was stolen, according to
Stanford Police Chief Gordon
Davis.
Davis said the burglary appar
ently occurred some lime between
I p.m. Friday and 1 p.m. Satur
day.
Missing are a $00 receiving
power supply set, a manual of in
structions book for operating the
power supply, a multimeter val
ued at between $40 and $;">0 and
approximately 00 assorted carbon
resistors.
The robbery was discovered by j
Richard Rich of the Electronics
Research Department.
Entrance was apparently gain
ed by forcing tho padlock on the
door.
Police have no clues concerning
the robbery, according to Davis.
The electronics radio station be
hind the Ford Foundation was
broken into last Friday or Satur
day and over $100 worth of equip
ment was stolen, according to
Stanford Police Chief Gordon
Davis.
Davis said the burglary appar
ently occurred some lime between
I p.m. Friday and 1 p.m. Satur
day.
Missing are a $00 receiving
power supply set, a manual of in
structions book for operating the
power supply, a multimeter val
ued at between $40 and $;">0 and
approximately 00 assorted carbon
resistors.
The robbery was discovered by j
Richard Rich of the Electronics
Research Department.
Entrance was apparently gain
ed by forcing tho padlock on the
door.
Police have no clues concerning
the robbery, according to Davis.
The electronics radio station be
hind the Ford Foundation was
broken into last Friday or Satur
day and over $100 worth of equip
ment was stolen, according to
Stanford Police Chief Gordon
Davis.
Davis said the burglary appar
ently occurred some lime between
I p.m. Friday and 1 p.m. Satur
day.
Missing are a $00 receiving
power supply set, a manual of in
structions book for operating the
power supply, a multimeter val
ued at between $40 and $;">0 and
approximately 00 assorted carbon
resistors.
The robbery was discovered by j
Richard Rich of the Electronics
Research Department.
Entrance was apparently gain
ed by forcing tho padlock on the
door.
Police have no clues concerning
the robbery, according to Davis.
The electronics radio station be
hind the Ford Foundation was
broken into last Friday or Satur
day and over $100 worth of equip
ment was stolen, according to
Stanford Police Chief Gordon
Davis.
Davis said the burglary appar
ently occurred some lime between
I p.m. Friday and 1 p.m. Satur
day.
Missing are a $00 receiving
power supply set, a manual of in
structions book for operating the
power supply, a multimeter val
ued at between $40 and $;">0 and
approximately 00 assorted carbon
resistors.
The robbery was discovered by j
Richard Rich of the Electronics
Research Department.
Entrance was apparently gain
ed by forcing tho padlock on the
door.
Police have no clues concerning
the robbery, according to Davis.
The electronics radio station be
hind the Ford Foundation was
broken into last Friday or Satur
day and over $100 worth of equip
ment was stolen, according to
Stanford Police Chief Gordon
Davis.
Davis said the burglary appar
ently occurred some lime between
I p.m. Friday and 1 p.m. Satur
day.
Missing are a $00 receiving
power supply set, a manual of in
structions book for operating the
power supply, a multimeter val
ued at between $40 and $;">0 and
approximately 00 assorted carbon
resistors.
The robbery was discovered by j
Richard Rich of the Electronics
Research Department.
Entrance was apparently gain
ed by forcing tho padlock on the
door.
Police have no clues concerning
the robbery, according to Davis.
