# Reservations Open For Spring Skiing
## 
### 
Reservations for skiing at Sun
Valley during spring vacation are
being taken by Ski Club in front
of the Cellar from 11 a.m. to 2
p.m. and in the Nitery from 3 to 5
p.m.
The basic cost of the trip is $00
and includes seven days of ski
lifts, six days of ski lessons with
four hours a day, and Sux nights
of lodging.
The cost with meals is $02 and
includes three meals a flay served
at the cafeteria or lunch at Ihe
ski slopes.
A $20 deposit is required at the
time of reservation, which will be
credited to the total cost, accord
ing to Rick Ruud. Ski Club pub
licity chairman. /
Transportation will be by pri
vate car and is being arranged by
John Masterson. head of Sun Val
ley trip. Further information can
be received by calling him at Al
pha Tau Omega. DA 3-8698.
Reservations for skiing at Sun
Valley during spring vacation are
being taken by Ski Club in front
of the Cellar from 11 a.m. to 2
p.m. and in the Nitery from 3 to 5
p.m.
The basic cost of the trip is $00
and includes seven days of ski
lifts, six days of ski lessons with
four hours a day, and Sux nights
of lodging.
The cost with meals is $02 and
includes three meals a flay served
at the cafeteria or lunch at Ihe
ski slopes.
A $20 deposit is required at the
time of reservation, which will be
credited to the total cost, accord
ing to Rick Ruud. Ski Club pub
licity chairman. /
Transportation will be by pri
vate car and is being arranged by
John Masterson. head of Sun Val
ley trip. Further information can
be received by calling him at Al
pha Tau Omega. DA 3-8698.
Reservations for skiing at Sun
Valley during spring vacation are
being taken by Ski Club in front
of the Cellar from 11 a.m. to 2
p.m. and in the Nitery from 3 to 5
p.m.
The basic cost of the trip is $00
and includes seven days of ski
lifts, six days of ski lessons with
four hours a day, and Sux nights
of lodging.
The cost with meals is $02 and
includes three meals a flay served
at the cafeteria or lunch at Ihe
ski slopes.
A $20 deposit is required at the
time of reservation, which will be
credited to the total cost, accord
ing to Rick Ruud. Ski Club pub
licity chairman. /
Transportation will be by pri
vate car and is being arranged by
John Masterson. head of Sun Val
ley trip. Further information can
be received by calling him at Al
pha Tau Omega. DA 3-8698.
Reservations for skiing at Sun
Valley during spring vacation are
being taken by Ski Club in front
of the Cellar from 11 a.m. to 2
p.m. and in the Nitery from 3 to 5
p.m.
The basic cost of the trip is $00
and includes seven days of ski
lifts, six days of ski lessons with
four hours a day, and Sux nights
of lodging.
The cost with meals is $02 and
includes three meals a flay served
at the cafeteria or lunch at Ihe
ski slopes.
A $20 deposit is required at the
time of reservation, which will be
credited to the total cost, accord
ing to Rick Ruud. Ski Club pub
licity chairman. /
Transportation will be by pri
vate car and is being arranged by
John Masterson. head of Sun Val
ley trip. Further information can
be received by calling him at Al
pha Tau Omega. DA 3-8698.
Reservations for skiing at Sun
Valley during spring vacation are
being taken by Ski Club in front
of the Cellar from 11 a.m. to 2
p.m. and in the Nitery from 3 to 5
p.m.
The basic cost of the trip is $00
and includes seven days of ski
lifts, six days of ski lessons with
four hours a day, and Sux nights
of lodging.
The cost with meals is $02 and
includes three meals a flay served
at the cafeteria or lunch at Ihe
ski slopes.
A $20 deposit is required at the
time of reservation, which will be
credited to the total cost, accord
ing to Rick Ruud. Ski Club pub
licity chairman. /
Transportation will be by pri
vate car and is being arranged by
John Masterson. head of Sun Val
ley trip. Further information can
be received by calling him at Al
pha Tau Omega. DA 3-8698.
Reservations for skiing at Sun
Valley during spring vacation are
being taken by Ski Club in front
of the Cellar from 11 a.m. to 2
p.m. and in the Nitery from 3 to 5
p.m.
The basic cost of the trip is $00
and includes seven days of ski
lifts, six days of ski lessons with
four hours a day, and Sux nights
of lodging.
The cost with meals is $02 and
includes three meals a flay served
at the cafeteria or lunch at Ihe
ski slopes.
A $20 deposit is required at the
time of reservation, which will be
credited to the total cost, accord
ing to Rick Ruud. Ski Club pub
licity chairman. /
Transportation will be by pri
vate car and is being arranged by
John Masterson. head of Sun Val
ley trip. Further information can
be received by calling him at Al
pha Tau Omega. DA 3-8698.
Reservations for skiing at Sun
Valley during spring vacation are
being taken by Ski Club in front
of the Cellar from 11 a.m. to 2
p.m. and in the Nitery from 3 to 5
p.m.
The basic cost of the trip is $00
and includes seven days of ski
lifts, six days of ski lessons with
four hours a day, and Sux nights
of lodging.
The cost with meals is $02 and
includes three meals a flay served
at the cafeteria or lunch at Ihe
ski slopes.
A $20 deposit is required at the
time of reservation, which will be
credited to the total cost, accord
ing to Rick Ruud. Ski Club pub
licity chairman. /
Transportation will be by pri
vate car and is being arranged by
John Masterson. head of Sun Val
ley trip. Further information can
be received by calling him at Al
pha Tau Omega. DA 3-8698.
Reservations for skiing at Sun
Valley during spring vacation are
being taken by Ski Club in front
of the Cellar from 11 a.m. to 2
p.m. and in the Nitery from 3 to 5
p.m.
The basic cost of the trip is $00
and includes seven days of ski
lifts, six days of ski lessons with
four hours a day, and Sux nights
of lodging.
The cost with meals is $02 and
includes three meals a flay served
at the cafeteria or lunch at Ihe
ski slopes.
A $20 deposit is required at the
time of reservation, which will be
credited to the total cost, accord
ing to Rick Ruud. Ski Club pub
licity chairman. /
Transportation will be by pri
vate car and is being arranged by
John Masterson. head of Sun Val
ley trip. Further information can
be received by calling him at Al
pha Tau Omega. DA 3-8698.
Reservations for skiing at Sun
Valley during spring vacation are
being taken by Ski Club in front
of the Cellar from 11 a.m. to 2
p.m. and in the Nitery from 3 to 5
p.m.
The basic cost of the trip is $00
and includes seven days of ski
lifts, six days of ski lessons with
four hours a day, and Sux nights
of lodging.
The cost with meals is $02 and
includes three meals a flay served
at the cafeteria or lunch at Ihe
ski slopes.
A $20 deposit is required at the
time of reservation, which will be
credited to the total cost, accord
ing to Rick Ruud. Ski Club pub
licity chairman. /
Transportation will be by pri
vate car and is being arranged by
John Masterson. head of Sun Val
ley trip. Further information can
be received by calling him at Al
pha Tau Omega. DA 3-8698.
Reservations for skiing at Sun
Valley during spring vacation are
being taken by Ski Club in front
of the Cellar from 11 a.m. to 2
p.m. and in the Nitery from 3 to 5
p.m.
The basic cost of the trip is $00
and includes seven days of ski
lifts, six days of ski lessons with
four hours a day, and Sux nights
of lodging.
The cost with meals is $02 and
includes three meals a flay served
at the cafeteria or lunch at Ihe
ski slopes.
A $20 deposit is required at the
time of reservation, which will be
credited to the total cost, accord
ing to Rick Ruud. Ski Club pub
licity chairman. /
Transportation will be by pri
vate car and is being arranged by
John Masterson. head of Sun Val
ley trip. Further information can
be received by calling him at Al
pha Tau Omega. DA 3-8698.
Reservations for skiing at Sun
Valley during spring vacation are
being taken by Ski Club in front
of the Cellar from 11 a.m. to 2
p.m. and in the Nitery from 3 to 5
p.m.
The basic cost of the trip is $00
and includes seven days of ski
lifts, six days of ski lessons with
four hours a day, and Sux nights
of lodging.
The cost with meals is $02 and
includes three meals a flay served
at the cafeteria or lunch at Ihe
ski slopes.
A $20 deposit is required at the
time of reservation, which will be
credited to the total cost, accord
ing to Rick Ruud. Ski Club pub
licity chairman. /
Transportation will be by pri
vate car and is being arranged by
John Masterson. head of Sun Val
ley trip. Further information can
be received by calling him at Al
pha Tau Omega. DA 3-8698.
Reservations for skiing at Sun
Valley during spring vacation are
being taken by Ski Club in front
of the Cellar from 11 a.m. to 2
p.m. and in the Nitery from 3 to 5
p.m.
The basic cost of the trip is $00
and includes seven days of ski
lifts, six days of ski lessons with
four hours a day, and Sux nights
of lodging.
The cost with meals is $02 and
includes three meals a flay served
at the cafeteria or lunch at Ihe
ski slopes.
A $20 deposit is required at the
time of reservation, which will be
credited to the total cost, accord
ing to Rick Ruud. Ski Club pub
licity chairman. /
Transportation will be by pri
vate car and is being arranged by
John Masterson. head of Sun Val
ley trip. Further information can
be received by calling him at Al
pha Tau Omega. DA 3-8698.
Reservations for skiing at Sun
Valley during spring vacation are
being taken by Ski Club in front
of the Cellar from 11 a.m. to 2
p.m. and in the Nitery from 3 to 5
p.m.
The basic cost of the trip is $00
and includes seven days of ski
lifts, six days of ski lessons with
four hours a day, and Sux nights
of lodging.
The cost with meals is $02 and
includes three meals a flay served
at the cafeteria or lunch at Ihe
ski slopes.
A $20 deposit is required at the
time of reservation, which will be
credited to the total cost, accord
ing to Rick Ruud. Ski Club pub
licity chairman. /
Transportation will be by pri
vate car and is being arranged by
John Masterson. head of Sun Val
ley trip. Further information can
be received by calling him at Al
pha Tau Omega. DA 3-8698.
Reservations for skiing at Sun
Valley during spring vacation are
being taken by Ski Club in front
of the Cellar from 11 a.m. to 2
p.m. and in the Nitery from 3 to 5
p.m.
The basic cost of the trip is $00
and includes seven days of ski
lifts, six days of ski lessons with
four hours a day, and Sux nights
of lodging.
The cost with meals is $02 and
includes three meals a flay served
at the cafeteria or lunch at Ihe
ski slopes.
A $20 deposit is required at the
time of reservation, which will be
credited to the total cost, accord
ing to Rick Ruud. Ski Club pub
licity chairman. /
Transportation will be by pri
vate car and is being arranged by
John Masterson. head of Sun Val
ley trip. Further information can
be received by calling him at Al
pha Tau Omega. DA 3-8698.
Reservations for skiing at Sun
Valley during spring vacation are
being taken by Ski Club in front
of the Cellar from 11 a.m. to 2
p.m. and in the Nitery from 3 to 5
p.m.
The basic cost of the trip is $00
and includes seven days of ski
lifts, six days of ski lessons with
four hours a day, and Sux nights
of lodging.
The cost with meals is $02 and
includes three meals a flay served
at the cafeteria or lunch at Ihe
ski slopes.
A $20 deposit is required at the
time of reservation, which will be
credited to the total cost, accord
ing to Rick Ruud. Ski Club pub
licity chairman. /
Transportation will be by pri
vate car and is being arranged by
John Masterson. head of Sun Val
ley trip. Further information can
be received by calling him at Al
pha Tau Omega. DA 3-8698.
