# STANFORD MAN IS CITED FOR HEROIC SERVICE IN ACTION
## 
### 
Roy F. Needham, '16, was awarded a
silver star citation at the recommenda
tion of Lieutenant Col. Richard Derby
for distinguished and exceptional gal
lantry at Belleau Wood, June 7, 1918.
The citation was made because of the
heroism shown when driving through
heavy tire to the assistance of a fellow
driver. He was also cited for gallant
service on June 17 for rescuing wounded
under fire.
Needham served as a private in the
Stanford Unit of the ambulance Corps
which went over in the early part of
1918. He is a graduate of the law de
partment, and was taking graduate work
in that department at the time he en
listed. He is a member of the Delta Chi
fraternity.
Roy F. Needham, '16, was awarded a
silver star citation at the recommenda
tion of Lieutenant Col. Richard Derby
for distinguished and exceptional gal
lantry at Belleau Wood, June 7, 1918.
The citation was made because of the
heroism shown when driving through
heavy tire to the assistance of a fellow
driver. He was also cited for gallant
service on June 17 for rescuing wounded
under fire.
Needham served as a private in the
Stanford Unit of the ambulance Corps
which went over in the early part of
1918. He is a graduate of the law de
partment, and was taking graduate work
in that department at the time he en
listed. He is a member of the Delta Chi
fraternity.
Roy F. Needham, '16, was awarded a
silver star citation at the recommenda
tion of Lieutenant Col. Richard Derby
for distinguished and exceptional gal
lantry at Belleau Wood, June 7, 1918.
The citation was made because of the
heroism shown when driving through
heavy tire to the assistance of a fellow
driver. He was also cited for gallant
service on June 17 for rescuing wounded
under fire.
Needham served as a private in the
Stanford Unit of the ambulance Corps
which went over in the early part of
1918. He is a graduate of the law de
partment, and was taking graduate work
in that department at the time he en
listed. He is a member of the Delta Chi
fraternity.
Roy F. Needham, '16, was awarded a
silver star citation at the recommenda
tion of Lieutenant Col. Richard Derby
for distinguished and exceptional gal
lantry at Belleau Wood, June 7, 1918.
The citation was made because of the
heroism shown when driving through
heavy tire to the assistance of a fellow
driver. He was also cited for gallant
service on June 17 for rescuing wounded
under fire.
Needham served as a private in the
Stanford Unit of the ambulance Corps
which went over in the early part of
1918. He is a graduate of the law de
partment, and was taking graduate work
in that department at the time he en
listed. He is a member of the Delta Chi
fraternity.
Roy F. Needham, '16, was awarded a
silver star citation at the recommenda
tion of Lieutenant Col. Richard Derby
for distinguished and exceptional gal
lantry at Belleau Wood, June 7, 1918.
The citation was made because of the
heroism shown when driving through
heavy tire to the assistance of a fellow
driver. He was also cited for gallant
service on June 17 for rescuing wounded
under fire.
Needham served as a private in the
Stanford Unit of the ambulance Corps
which went over in the early part of
1918. He is a graduate of the law de
partment, and was taking graduate work
in that department at the time he en
listed. He is a member of the Delta Chi
fraternity.
Roy F. Needham, '16, was awarded a
silver star citation at the recommenda
tion of Lieutenant Col. Richard Derby
for distinguished and exceptional gal
lantry at Belleau Wood, June 7, 1918.
The citation was made because of the
heroism shown when driving through
heavy tire to the assistance of a fellow
driver. He was also cited for gallant
service on June 17 for rescuing wounded
under fire.
Needham served as a private in the
Stanford Unit of the ambulance Corps
which went over in the early part of
1918. He is a graduate of the law de
partment, and was taking graduate work
in that department at the time he en
listed. He is a member of the Delta Chi
fraternity.
Roy F. Needham, '16, was awarded a
silver star citation at the recommenda
tion of Lieutenant Col. Richard Derby
for distinguished and exceptional gal
lantry at Belleau Wood, June 7, 1918.
The citation was made because of the
heroism shown when driving through
heavy tire to the assistance of a fellow
driver. He was also cited for gallant
service on June 17 for rescuing wounded
under fire.
Needham served as a private in the
Stanford Unit of the ambulance Corps
which went over in the early part of
1918. He is a graduate of the law de
partment, and was taking graduate work
in that department at the time he en
listed. He is a member of the Delta Chi
fraternity.
Roy F. Needham, '16, was awarded a
silver star citation at the recommenda
tion of Lieutenant Col. Richard Derby
for distinguished and exceptional gal
lantry at Belleau Wood, June 7, 1918.
The citation was made because of the
heroism shown when driving through
heavy tire to the assistance of a fellow
driver. He was also cited for gallant
service on June 17 for rescuing wounded
under fire.
Needham served as a private in the
Stanford Unit of the ambulance Corps
which went over in the early part of
1918. He is a graduate of the law de
partment, and was taking graduate work
in that department at the time he en
listed. He is a member of the Delta Chi
fraternity.
Roy F. Needham, '16, was awarded a
silver star citation at the recommenda
tion of Lieutenant Col. Richard Derby
for distinguished and exceptional gal
lantry at Belleau Wood, June 7, 1918.
The citation was made because of the
heroism shown when driving through
heavy tire to the assistance of a fellow
driver. He was also cited for gallant
service on June 17 for rescuing wounded
under fire.
Needham served as a private in the
Stanford Unit of the ambulance Corps
which went over in the early part of
1918. He is a graduate of the law de
partment, and was taking graduate work
in that department at the time he en
listed. He is a member of the Delta Chi
fraternity.
Roy F. Needham, '16, was awarded a
silver star citation at the recommenda
tion of Lieutenant Col. Richard Derby
for distinguished and exceptional gal
lantry at Belleau Wood, June 7, 1918.
The citation was made because of the
heroism shown when driving through
heavy tire to the assistance of a fellow
driver. He was also cited for gallant
service on June 17 for rescuing wounded
under fire.
Needham served as a private in the
Stanford Unit of the ambulance Corps
which went over in the early part of
1918. He is a graduate of the law de
partment, and was taking graduate work
in that department at the time he en
listed. He is a member of the Delta Chi
fraternity.
Roy F. Needham, '16, was awarded a
silver star citation at the recommenda
tion of Lieutenant Col. Richard Derby
for distinguished and exceptional gal
lantry at Belleau Wood, June 7, 1918.
The citation was made because of the
heroism shown when driving through
heavy tire to the assistance of a fellow
driver. He was also cited for gallant
service on June 17 for rescuing wounded
under fire.
Needham served as a private in the
Stanford Unit of the ambulance Corps
which went over in the early part of
1918. He is a graduate of the law de
partment, and was taking graduate work
in that department at the time he en
listed. He is a member of the Delta Chi
fraternity.
Roy F. Needham, '16, was awarded a
silver star citation at the recommenda
tion of Lieutenant Col. Richard Derby
for distinguished and exceptional gal
lantry at Belleau Wood, June 7, 1918.
The citation was made because of the
heroism shown when driving through
heavy tire to the assistance of a fellow
driver. He was also cited for gallant
service on June 17 for rescuing wounded
under fire.
Needham served as a private in the
Stanford Unit of the ambulance Corps
which went over in the early part of
1918. He is a graduate of the law de
partment, and was taking graduate work
in that department at the time he en
listed. He is a member of the Delta Chi
fraternity.
