# SEQUOIA MEN VOTE TO HOLD EXCHANGE DINNER NEXT MONTH
## 
### 
Members of the Sequoia Eating
Club met last night and voted io
hold the annual exchange dinner
with Roble in the autumn quarter
rather than the spring so that the
new students in the dormitories
could become acquainted. November
11 and 12 were suggested as pos
sible dates.
Other business of the evening in
cluded the nomination of men to
fill two vacancies on the executive
committee and the passing of a mo
tion allowing transferance of meal
tickets over the week-end. The men
nominated were: Angelo May, Bob
Kemp, Burrel Leonard, Rob Ayres,
and Clark Oglesby. John Ferry pre
sided and announced that the elec
tion of committeemen would be held
on Thursday.
Members of the Sequoia Eating
Club met last night and voted io
hold the annual exchange dinner
with Roble in the autumn quarter
rather than the spring so that the
new students in the dormitories
could become acquainted. November
11 and 12 were suggested as pos
sible dates.
Other business of the evening in
cluded the nomination of men to
fill two vacancies on the executive
committee and the passing of a mo
tion allowing transferance of meal
tickets over the week-end. The men
nominated were: Angelo May, Bob
Kemp, Burrel Leonard, Rob Ayres,
and Clark Oglesby. John Ferry pre
sided and announced that the elec
tion of committeemen would be held
on Thursday.
Members of the Sequoia Eating
Club met last night and voted io
hold the annual exchange dinner
with Roble in the autumn quarter
rather than the spring so that the
new students in the dormitories
could become acquainted. November
11 and 12 were suggested as pos
sible dates.
Other business of the evening in
cluded the nomination of men to
fill two vacancies on the executive
committee and the passing of a mo
tion allowing transferance of meal
tickets over the week-end. The men
nominated were: Angelo May, Bob
Kemp, Burrel Leonard, Rob Ayres,
and Clark Oglesby. John Ferry pre
sided and announced that the elec
tion of committeemen would be held
on Thursday.
Members of the Sequoia Eating
Club met last night and voted io
hold the annual exchange dinner
with Roble in the autumn quarter
rather than the spring so that the
new students in the dormitories
could become acquainted. November
11 and 12 were suggested as pos
sible dates.
Other business of the evening in
cluded the nomination of men to
fill two vacancies on the executive
committee and the passing of a mo
tion allowing transferance of meal
tickets over the week-end. The men
nominated were: Angelo May, Bob
Kemp, Burrel Leonard, Rob Ayres,
and Clark Oglesby. John Ferry pre
sided and announced that the elec
tion of committeemen would be held
on Thursday.
Members of the Sequoia Eating
Club met last night and voted io
hold the annual exchange dinner
with Roble in the autumn quarter
rather than the spring so that the
new students in the dormitories
could become acquainted. November
11 and 12 were suggested as pos
sible dates.
Other business of the evening in
cluded the nomination of men to
fill two vacancies on the executive
committee and the passing of a mo
tion allowing transferance of meal
tickets over the week-end. The men
nominated were: Angelo May, Bob
Kemp, Burrel Leonard, Rob Ayres,
and Clark Oglesby. John Ferry pre
sided and announced that the elec
tion of committeemen would be held
on Thursday.
Members of the Sequoia Eating
Club met last night and voted io
hold the annual exchange dinner
with Roble in the autumn quarter
rather than the spring so that the
new students in the dormitories
could become acquainted. November
11 and 12 were suggested as pos
sible dates.
Other business of the evening in
cluded the nomination of men to
fill two vacancies on the executive
committee and the passing of a mo
tion allowing transferance of meal
tickets over the week-end. The men
nominated were: Angelo May, Bob
Kemp, Burrel Leonard, Rob Ayres,
and Clark Oglesby. John Ferry pre
sided and announced that the elec
tion of committeemen would be held
on Thursday.
Members of the Sequoia Eating
Club met last night and voted io
hold the annual exchange dinner
with Roble in the autumn quarter
rather than the spring so that the
new students in the dormitories
could become acquainted. November
11 and 12 were suggested as pos
sible dates.
Other business of the evening in
cluded the nomination of men to
fill two vacancies on the executive
committee and the passing of a mo
tion allowing transferance of meal
tickets over the week-end. The men
nominated were: Angelo May, Bob
Kemp, Burrel Leonard, Rob Ayres,
and Clark Oglesby. John Ferry pre
sided and announced that the elec
tion of committeemen would be held
on Thursday.
Members of the Sequoia Eating
Club met last night and voted io
hold the annual exchange dinner
with Roble in the autumn quarter
rather than the spring so that the
new students in the dormitories
could become acquainted. November
11 and 12 were suggested as pos
sible dates.
Other business of the evening in
cluded the nomination of men to
fill two vacancies on the executive
committee and the passing of a mo
tion allowing transferance of meal
tickets over the week-end. The men
nominated were: Angelo May, Bob
Kemp, Burrel Leonard, Rob Ayres,
and Clark Oglesby. John Ferry pre
sided and announced that the elec
tion of committeemen would be held
on Thursday.
Members of the Sequoia Eating
Club met last night and voted io
hold the annual exchange dinner
with Roble in the autumn quarter
rather than the spring so that the
new students in the dormitories
could become acquainted. November
11 and 12 were suggested as pos
sible dates.
Other business of the evening in
cluded the nomination of men to
fill two vacancies on the executive
committee and the passing of a mo
tion allowing transferance of meal
tickets over the week-end. The men
nominated were: Angelo May, Bob
Kemp, Burrel Leonard, Rob Ayres,
and Clark Oglesby. John Ferry pre
sided and announced that the elec
tion of committeemen would be held
on Thursday.
Members of the Sequoia Eating
Club met last night and voted io
hold the annual exchange dinner
with Roble in the autumn quarter
rather than the spring so that the
new students in the dormitories
could become acquainted. November
11 and 12 were suggested as pos
sible dates.
Other business of the evening in
cluded the nomination of men to
fill two vacancies on the executive
committee and the passing of a mo
tion allowing transferance of meal
tickets over the week-end. The men
nominated were: Angelo May, Bob
Kemp, Burrel Leonard, Rob Ayres,
and Clark Oglesby. John Ferry pre
sided and announced that the elec
tion of committeemen would be held
on Thursday.
Members of the Sequoia Eating
Club met last night and voted io
hold the annual exchange dinner
with Roble in the autumn quarter
rather than the spring so that the
new students in the dormitories
could become acquainted. November
11 and 12 were suggested as pos
sible dates.
Other business of the evening in
cluded the nomination of men to
fill two vacancies on the executive
committee and the passing of a mo
tion allowing transferance of meal
tickets over the week-end. The men
nominated were: Angelo May, Bob
Kemp, Burrel Leonard, Rob Ayres,
and Clark Oglesby. John Ferry pre
sided and announced that the elec
tion of committeemen would be held
on Thursday.
Members of the Sequoia Eating
Club met last night and voted io
hold the annual exchange dinner
with Roble in the autumn quarter
rather than the spring so that the
new students in the dormitories
could become acquainted. November
11 and 12 were suggested as pos
sible dates.
Other business of the evening in
cluded the nomination of men to
fill two vacancies on the executive
committee and the passing of a mo
tion allowing transferance of meal
tickets over the week-end. The men
nominated were: Angelo May, Bob
Kemp, Burrel Leonard, Rob Ayres,
and Clark Oglesby. John Ferry pre
sided and announced that the elec
tion of committeemen would be held
on Thursday.
Members of the Sequoia Eating
Club met last night and voted io
hold the annual exchange dinner
with Roble in the autumn quarter
rather than the spring so that the
new students in the dormitories
could become acquainted. November
11 and 12 were suggested as pos
sible dates.
Other business of the evening in
cluded the nomination of men to
fill two vacancies on the executive
committee and the passing of a mo
tion allowing transferance of meal
tickets over the week-end. The men
nominated were: Angelo May, Bob
Kemp, Burrel Leonard, Rob Ayres,
and Clark Oglesby. John Ferry pre
sided and announced that the elec
tion of committeemen would be held
on Thursday.
Members of the Sequoia Eating
Club met last night and voted io
hold the annual exchange dinner
with Roble in the autumn quarter
rather than the spring so that the
new students in the dormitories
could become acquainted. November
11 and 12 were suggested as pos
sible dates.
Other business of the evening in
cluded the nomination of men to
fill two vacancies on the executive
committee and the passing of a mo
tion allowing transferance of meal
tickets over the week-end. The men
nominated were: Angelo May, Bob
Kemp, Burrel Leonard, Rob Ayres,
and Clark Oglesby. John Ferry pre
sided and announced that the elec
tion of committeemen would be held
on Thursday.
Members of the Sequoia Eating
Club met last night and voted io
hold the annual exchange dinner
with Roble in the autumn quarter
rather than the spring so that the
new students in the dormitories
could become acquainted. November
11 and 12 were suggested as pos
sible dates.
Other business of the evening in
cluded the nomination of men to
fill two vacancies on the executive
committee and the passing of a mo
tion allowing transferance of meal
tickets over the week-end. The men
nominated were: Angelo May, Bob
Kemp, Burrel Leonard, Rob Ayres,
and Clark Oglesby. John Ferry pre
sided and announced that the elec
tion of committeemen would be held
on Thursday.
