# GUEST ARTISTS ARE RENOWNED
## Concert Series Tickets On Sale In Old Union 
### 
Season tickets for the annual
A.S.S.U. Concert Series are now on
sale at the Concert Series office in
the Old Union. The best seats are
being rapidly sold, and those plan
ning to attend the concerts arc
urged to purchase their tickets soon.
A varied group of distinguished
artists has been engaged to enter
tain campus music lovers this sea
son. Grace Moore, whose voice has
been likened to a vibrant Stradi
varius, will open the series. Miss
Moore is now engaged for her
fourth season as a prima donnci
soprano of the Metropolitan Opera
Company, where she has met with
great success in the roles of Mimi,
Manon, Marguerite, and Juliet. She
has attained equal prominence on
the talking screen.
Jose Itui'bi, young Spanish pian
ist, who has played to capacity
houses throughout the country, will
perform at Stanford during the
course of his second American tour.
He made his debut at Carnegie Hall
in 1929.
Led by Serge Jaroff, the Don Cos
sack Russian Male Chorus of three
dozen voices will present a program
of native Russian songs. These
"singing horsemen of the steppes"
are making their first appearance on
the Pacific Coast. They have ap
peared in 1300 concerts in the last
five years in Europe, Great Britain,
and Australia.
Stanford audiences will be given
the oppoi'tunity once more of hear
ing the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra under the able leadership
of Issay Dobrowen, Russian con
ductor. These artists may all bo
heard at reduced rates by those
possessing season tickets.
Season tickets for the annual
A.S.S.U. Concert Series are now on
sale at the Concert Series office in
the Old Union. The best seats are
being rapidly sold, and those plan
ning to attend the concerts arc
urged to purchase their tickets soon.
A varied group of distinguished
artists has been engaged to enter
tain campus music lovers this sea
son. Grace Moore, whose voice has
been likened to a vibrant Stradi
varius, will open the series. Miss
Moore is now engaged for her
fourth season as a prima donnci
soprano of the Metropolitan Opera
Company, where she has met with
great success in the roles of Mimi,
Manon, Marguerite, and Juliet. She
has attained equal prominence on
the talking screen.
Jose Itui'bi, young Spanish pian
ist, who has played to capacity
houses throughout the country, will
perform at Stanford during the
course of his second American tour.
He made his debut at Carnegie Hall
in 1929.
Led by Serge Jaroff, the Don Cos
sack Russian Male Chorus of three
dozen voices will present a program
of native Russian songs. These
"singing horsemen of the steppes"
are making their first appearance on
the Pacific Coast. They have ap
peared in 1300 concerts in the last
five years in Europe, Great Britain,
and Australia.
Stanford audiences will be given
the oppoi'tunity once more of hear
ing the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra under the able leadership
of Issay Dobrowen, Russian con
ductor. These artists may all bo
heard at reduced rates by those
possessing season tickets.
Season tickets for the annual
A.S.S.U. Concert Series are now on
sale at the Concert Series office in
the Old Union. The best seats are
being rapidly sold, and those plan
ning to attend the concerts arc
urged to purchase their tickets soon.
A varied group of distinguished
artists has been engaged to enter
tain campus music lovers this sea
son. Grace Moore, whose voice has
been likened to a vibrant Stradi
varius, will open the series. Miss
Moore is now engaged for her
fourth season as a prima donnci
soprano of the Metropolitan Opera
Company, where she has met with
great success in the roles of Mimi,
Manon, Marguerite, and Juliet. She
has attained equal prominence on
the talking screen.
Jose Itui'bi, young Spanish pian
ist, who has played to capacity
houses throughout the country, will
perform at Stanford during the
course of his second American tour.
He made his debut at Carnegie Hall
in 1929.
Led by Serge Jaroff, the Don Cos
sack Russian Male Chorus of three
dozen voices will present a program
of native Russian songs. These
"singing horsemen of the steppes"
are making their first appearance on
the Pacific Coast. They have ap
peared in 1300 concerts in the last
five years in Europe, Great Britain,
and Australia.
Stanford audiences will be given
the oppoi'tunity once more of hear
ing the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra under the able leadership
of Issay Dobrowen, Russian con
ductor. These artists may all bo
heard at reduced rates by those
possessing season tickets.
Season tickets for the annual
A.S.S.U. Concert Series are now on
sale at the Concert Series office in
the Old Union. The best seats are
being rapidly sold, and those plan
ning to attend the concerts arc
urged to purchase their tickets soon.
A varied group of distinguished
artists has been engaged to enter
tain campus music lovers this sea
son. Grace Moore, whose voice has
been likened to a vibrant Stradi
varius, will open the series. Miss
Moore is now engaged for her
fourth season as a prima donnci
soprano of the Metropolitan Opera
Company, where she has met with
great success in the roles of Mimi,
Manon, Marguerite, and Juliet. She
has attained equal prominence on
the talking screen.
Jose Itui'bi, young Spanish pian
ist, who has played to capacity
houses throughout the country, will
perform at Stanford during the
course of his second American tour.
He made his debut at Carnegie Hall
in 1929.
Led by Serge Jaroff, the Don Cos
sack Russian Male Chorus of three
dozen voices will present a program
of native Russian songs. These
"singing horsemen of the steppes"
are making their first appearance on
the Pacific Coast. They have ap
peared in 1300 concerts in the last
five years in Europe, Great Britain,
and Australia.
Stanford audiences will be given
the oppoi'tunity once more of hear
ing the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra under the able leadership
of Issay Dobrowen, Russian con
ductor. These artists may all bo
heard at reduced rates by those
possessing season tickets.
Season tickets for the annual
A.S.S.U. Concert Series are now on
sale at the Concert Series office in
the Old Union. The best seats are
being rapidly sold, and those plan
ning to attend the concerts arc
urged to purchase their tickets soon.
A varied group of distinguished
artists has been engaged to enter
tain campus music lovers this sea
son. Grace Moore, whose voice has
been likened to a vibrant Stradi
varius, will open the series. Miss
Moore is now engaged for her
fourth season as a prima donnci
soprano of the Metropolitan Opera
Company, where she has met with
great success in the roles of Mimi,
Manon, Marguerite, and Juliet. She
has attained equal prominence on
the talking screen.
Jose Itui'bi, young Spanish pian
ist, who has played to capacity
houses throughout the country, will
perform at Stanford during the
course of his second American tour.
He made his debut at Carnegie Hall
in 1929.
Led by Serge Jaroff, the Don Cos
sack Russian Male Chorus of three
dozen voices will present a program
of native Russian songs. These
"singing horsemen of the steppes"
are making their first appearance on
the Pacific Coast. They have ap
peared in 1300 concerts in the last
five years in Europe, Great Britain,
and Australia.
Stanford audiences will be given
the oppoi'tunity once more of hear
ing the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra under the able leadership
of Issay Dobrowen, Russian con
ductor. These artists may all bo
heard at reduced rates by those
possessing season tickets.
Season tickets for the annual
A.S.S.U. Concert Series are now on
sale at the Concert Series office in
the Old Union. The best seats are
being rapidly sold, and those plan
ning to attend the concerts arc
urged to purchase their tickets soon.
A varied group of distinguished
artists has been engaged to enter
tain campus music lovers this sea
son. Grace Moore, whose voice has
been likened to a vibrant Stradi
varius, will open the series. Miss
Moore is now engaged for her
fourth season as a prima donnci
soprano of the Metropolitan Opera
Company, where she has met with
great success in the roles of Mimi,
Manon, Marguerite, and Juliet. She
has attained equal prominence on
the talking screen.
Jose Itui'bi, young Spanish pian
ist, who has played to capacity
houses throughout the country, will
perform at Stanford during the
course of his second American tour.
He made his debut at Carnegie Hall
in 1929.
Led by Serge Jaroff, the Don Cos
sack Russian Male Chorus of three
dozen voices will present a program
of native Russian songs. These
"singing horsemen of the steppes"
are making their first appearance on
the Pacific Coast. They have ap
peared in 1300 concerts in the last
five years in Europe, Great Britain,
and Australia.
Stanford audiences will be given
the oppoi'tunity once more of hear
ing the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra under the able leadership
of Issay Dobrowen, Russian con
ductor. These artists may all bo
heard at reduced rates by those
possessing season tickets.
Season tickets for the annual
A.S.S.U. Concert Series are now on
sale at the Concert Series office in
the Old Union. The best seats are
being rapidly sold, and those plan
ning to attend the concerts arc
urged to purchase their tickets soon.
A varied group of distinguished
artists has been engaged to enter
tain campus music lovers this sea
son. Grace Moore, whose voice has
been likened to a vibrant Stradi
varius, will open the series. Miss
Moore is now engaged for her
fourth season as a prima donnci
soprano of the Metropolitan Opera
Company, where she has met with
great success in the roles of Mimi,
Manon, Marguerite, and Juliet. She
has attained equal prominence on
the talking screen.
Jose Itui'bi, young Spanish pian
ist, who has played to capacity
houses throughout the country, will
perform at Stanford during the
course of his second American tour.
He made his debut at Carnegie Hall
in 1929.
Led by Serge Jaroff, the Don Cos
sack Russian Male Chorus of three
dozen voices will present a program
of native Russian songs. These
"singing horsemen of the steppes"
are making their first appearance on
the Pacific Coast. They have ap
peared in 1300 concerts in the last
five years in Europe, Great Britain,
and Australia.
Stanford audiences will be given
the oppoi'tunity once more of hear
ing the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra under the able leadership
of Issay Dobrowen, Russian con
ductor. These artists may all bo
heard at reduced rates by those
possessing season tickets.
Season tickets for the annual
A.S.S.U. Concert Series are now on
sale at the Concert Series office in
the Old Union. The best seats are
being rapidly sold, and those plan
ning to attend the concerts arc
urged to purchase their tickets soon.
A varied group of distinguished
artists has been engaged to enter
tain campus music lovers this sea
son. Grace Moore, whose voice has
been likened to a vibrant Stradi
varius, will open the series. Miss
Moore is now engaged for her
fourth season as a prima donnci
soprano of the Metropolitan Opera
Company, where she has met with
great success in the roles of Mimi,
Manon, Marguerite, and Juliet. She
has attained equal prominence on
the talking screen.
Jose Itui'bi, young Spanish pian
ist, who has played to capacity
houses throughout the country, will
perform at Stanford during the
course of his second American tour.
He made his debut at Carnegie Hall
in 1929.
Led by Serge Jaroff, the Don Cos
sack Russian Male Chorus of three
dozen voices will present a program
of native Russian songs. These
"singing horsemen of the steppes"
are making their first appearance on
the Pacific Coast. They have ap
peared in 1300 concerts in the last
five years in Europe, Great Britain,
and Australia.
Stanford audiences will be given
the oppoi'tunity once more of hear
ing the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra under the able leadership
of Issay Dobrowen, Russian con
ductor. These artists may all bo
heard at reduced rates by those
possessing season tickets.
Season tickets for the annual
A.S.S.U. Concert Series are now on
sale at the Concert Series office in
the Old Union. The best seats are
being rapidly sold, and those plan
ning to attend the concerts arc
urged to purchase their tickets soon.
A varied group of distinguished
artists has been engaged to enter
tain campus music lovers this sea
son. Grace Moore, whose voice has
been likened to a vibrant Stradi
varius, will open the series. Miss
Moore is now engaged for her
fourth season as a prima donnci
soprano of the Metropolitan Opera
Company, where she has met with
great success in the roles of Mimi,
Manon, Marguerite, and Juliet. She
has attained equal prominence on
the talking screen.
Jose Itui'bi, young Spanish pian
ist, who has played to capacity
houses throughout the country, will
perform at Stanford during the
course of his second American tour.
He made his debut at Carnegie Hall
in 1929.
Led by Serge Jaroff, the Don Cos
sack Russian Male Chorus of three
dozen voices will present a program
of native Russian songs. These
"singing horsemen of the steppes"
are making their first appearance on
the Pacific Coast. They have ap
peared in 1300 concerts in the last
five years in Europe, Great Britain,
and Australia.
Stanford audiences will be given
the oppoi'tunity once more of hear
ing the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra under the able leadership
of Issay Dobrowen, Russian con
ductor. These artists may all bo
heard at reduced rates by those
possessing season tickets.
Season tickets for the annual
A.S.S.U. Concert Series are now on
sale at the Concert Series office in
the Old Union. The best seats are
being rapidly sold, and those plan
ning to attend the concerts arc
urged to purchase their tickets soon.
A varied group of distinguished
artists has been engaged to enter
tain campus music lovers this sea
son. Grace Moore, whose voice has
been likened to a vibrant Stradi
varius, will open the series. Miss
Moore is now engaged for her
fourth season as a prima donnci
soprano of the Metropolitan Opera
Company, where she has met with
great success in the roles of Mimi,
Manon, Marguerite, and Juliet. She
has attained equal prominence on
the talking screen.
Jose Itui'bi, young Spanish pian
ist, who has played to capacity
houses throughout the country, will
perform at Stanford during the
course of his second American tour.
He made his debut at Carnegie Hall
in 1929.
Led by Serge Jaroff, the Don Cos
sack Russian Male Chorus of three
dozen voices will present a program
of native Russian songs. These
"singing horsemen of the steppes"
are making their first appearance on
the Pacific Coast. They have ap
peared in 1300 concerts in the last
five years in Europe, Great Britain,
and Australia.
Stanford audiences will be given
the oppoi'tunity once more of hear
ing the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra under the able leadership
of Issay Dobrowen, Russian con
ductor. These artists may all bo
heard at reduced rates by those
possessing season tickets.
Season tickets for the annual
A.S.S.U. Concert Series are now on
sale at the Concert Series office in
the Old Union. The best seats are
being rapidly sold, and those plan
ning to attend the concerts arc
urged to purchase their tickets soon.
A varied group of distinguished
artists has been engaged to enter
tain campus music lovers this sea
son. Grace Moore, whose voice has
been likened to a vibrant Stradi
varius, will open the series. Miss
Moore is now engaged for her
fourth season as a prima donnci
soprano of the Metropolitan Opera
Company, where she has met with
great success in the roles of Mimi,
Manon, Marguerite, and Juliet. She
has attained equal prominence on
the talking screen.
Jose Itui'bi, young Spanish pian
ist, who has played to capacity
houses throughout the country, will
perform at Stanford during the
course of his second American tour.
He made his debut at Carnegie Hall
in 1929.
Led by Serge Jaroff, the Don Cos
sack Russian Male Chorus of three
dozen voices will present a program
of native Russian songs. These
"singing horsemen of the steppes"
are making their first appearance on
the Pacific Coast. They have ap
peared in 1300 concerts in the last
five years in Europe, Great Britain,
and Australia.
Stanford audiences will be given
the oppoi'tunity once more of hear
ing the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra under the able leadership
of Issay Dobrowen, Russian con
ductor. These artists may all bo
heard at reduced rates by those
possessing season tickets.
Season tickets for the annual
A.S.S.U. Concert Series are now on
sale at the Concert Series office in
the Old Union. The best seats are
being rapidly sold, and those plan
ning to attend the concerts arc
urged to purchase their tickets soon.
A varied group of distinguished
artists has been engaged to enter
tain campus music lovers this sea
son. Grace Moore, whose voice has
been likened to a vibrant Stradi
varius, will open the series. Miss
Moore is now engaged for her
fourth season as a prima donnci
soprano of the Metropolitan Opera
Company, where she has met with
great success in the roles of Mimi,
Manon, Marguerite, and Juliet. She
has attained equal prominence on
the talking screen.
Jose Itui'bi, young Spanish pian
ist, who has played to capacity
houses throughout the country, will
perform at Stanford during the
course of his second American tour.
He made his debut at Carnegie Hall
in 1929.
Led by Serge Jaroff, the Don Cos
sack Russian Male Chorus of three
dozen voices will present a program
of native Russian songs. These
"singing horsemen of the steppes"
are making their first appearance on
the Pacific Coast. They have ap
peared in 1300 concerts in the last
five years in Europe, Great Britain,
and Australia.
Stanford audiences will be given
the oppoi'tunity once more of hear
ing the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra under the able leadership
of Issay Dobrowen, Russian con
ductor. These artists may all bo
heard at reduced rates by those
possessing season tickets.
Season tickets for the annual
A.S.S.U. Concert Series are now on
sale at the Concert Series office in
the Old Union. The best seats are
being rapidly sold, and those plan
ning to attend the concerts arc
urged to purchase their tickets soon.
A varied group of distinguished
artists has been engaged to enter
tain campus music lovers this sea
son. Grace Moore, whose voice has
been likened to a vibrant Stradi
varius, will open the series. Miss
Moore is now engaged for her
fourth season as a prima donnci
soprano of the Metropolitan Opera
Company, where she has met with
great success in the roles of Mimi,
Manon, Marguerite, and Juliet. She
has attained equal prominence on
the talking screen.
Jose Itui'bi, young Spanish pian
ist, who has played to capacity
houses throughout the country, will
perform at Stanford during the
course of his second American tour.
He made his debut at Carnegie Hall
in 1929.
Led by Serge Jaroff, the Don Cos
sack Russian Male Chorus of three
dozen voices will present a program
of native Russian songs. These
"singing horsemen of the steppes"
are making their first appearance on
the Pacific Coast. They have ap
peared in 1300 concerts in the last
five years in Europe, Great Britain,
and Australia.
Stanford audiences will be given
the oppoi'tunity once more of hear
ing the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra under the able leadership
of Issay Dobrowen, Russian con
ductor. These artists may all bo
heard at reduced rates by those
possessing season tickets.
Season tickets for the annual
A.S.S.U. Concert Series are now on
sale at the Concert Series office in
the Old Union. The best seats are
being rapidly sold, and those plan
ning to attend the concerts arc
urged to purchase their tickets soon.
A varied group of distinguished
artists has been engaged to enter
tain campus music lovers this sea
son. Grace Moore, whose voice has
been likened to a vibrant Stradi
varius, will open the series. Miss
Moore is now engaged for her
fourth season as a prima donnci
soprano of the Metropolitan Opera
Company, where she has met with
great success in the roles of Mimi,
Manon, Marguerite, and Juliet. She
has attained equal prominence on
the talking screen.
Jose Itui'bi, young Spanish pian
ist, who has played to capacity
houses throughout the country, will
perform at Stanford during the
course of his second American tour.
He made his debut at Carnegie Hall
in 1929.
Led by Serge Jaroff, the Don Cos
sack Russian Male Chorus of three
dozen voices will present a program
of native Russian songs. These
"singing horsemen of the steppes"
are making their first appearance on
the Pacific Coast. They have ap
peared in 1300 concerts in the last
five years in Europe, Great Britain,
and Australia.
Stanford audiences will be given
the oppoi'tunity once more of hear
ing the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra under the able leadership
of Issay Dobrowen, Russian con
ductor. These artists may all bo
heard at reduced rates by those
possessing season tickets.
Season tickets for the annual
A.S.S.U. Concert Series are now on
sale at the Concert Series office in
the Old Union. The best seats are
being rapidly sold, and those plan
ning to attend the concerts arc
urged to purchase their tickets soon.
A varied group of distinguished
artists has been engaged to enter
tain campus music lovers this sea
son. Grace Moore, whose voice has
been likened to a vibrant Stradi
varius, will open the series. Miss
Moore is now engaged for her
fourth season as a prima donnci
soprano of the Metropolitan Opera
Company, where she has met with
great success in the roles of Mimi,
Manon, Marguerite, and Juliet. She
has attained equal prominence on
the talking screen.
Jose Itui'bi, young Spanish pian
ist, who has played to capacity
houses throughout the country, will
perform at Stanford during the
course of his second American tour.
He made his debut at Carnegie Hall
in 1929.
Led by Serge Jaroff, the Don Cos
sack Russian Male Chorus of three
dozen voices will present a program
of native Russian songs. These
"singing horsemen of the steppes"
are making their first appearance on
the Pacific Coast. They have ap
peared in 1300 concerts in the last
five years in Europe, Great Britain,
and Australia.
Stanford audiences will be given
the oppoi'tunity once more of hear
ing the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra under the able leadership
of Issay Dobrowen, Russian con
ductor. These artists may all bo
heard at reduced rates by those
possessing season tickets.
