# Socialist Clubs to Dine.
## 
### 
The Ruskin Clubs of the University
of California and of Stanford will
hold an intercollegiate Socialist din
ner at the Hotel Athens, 1304 Broad
way, Oakland, on Friday evening, Nov
vember 13. The clubs have invited
Upton Sinclair, author of the "Jun
gle" and George Sterling, the famous
poet, who recently composed "The
Testimony of the Suns" as the spec
ial guests on this occasion. The
speech of the evening will be deliv
ered by Sinclair, while Sterling will
read an original poem. The evening
will be closed by Socialist and col
lege songs.
The tickets, which are one dollar
each may be secured at the Stanford
bookstore. A total of forty tickets
will be sold at Stanford. It is de
sired that the ticket coupons be sent
to B. I. Bradford, Oakland Free Li
brary, as soon as purchased. The
programs are free.
The Ruskin Clubs of the University
of California and of Stanford will
hold an intercollegiate Socialist din
ner at the Hotel Athens, 1304 Broad
way, Oakland, on Friday evening, Nov
vember 13. The clubs have invited
Upton Sinclair, author of the "Jun
gle" and George Sterling, the famous
poet, who recently composed "The
Testimony of the Suns" as the spec
ial guests on this occasion. The
speech of the evening will be deliv
ered by Sinclair, while Sterling will
read an original poem. The evening
will be closed by Socialist and col
lege songs.
The tickets, which are one dollar
each may be secured at the Stanford
bookstore. A total of forty tickets
will be sold at Stanford. It is de
sired that the ticket coupons be sent
to B. I. Bradford, Oakland Free Li
brary, as soon as purchased. The
programs are free.
The Ruskin Clubs of the University
of California and of Stanford will
hold an intercollegiate Socialist din
ner at the Hotel Athens, 1304 Broad
way, Oakland, on Friday evening, Nov
vember 13. The clubs have invited
Upton Sinclair, author of the "Jun
gle" and George Sterling, the famous
poet, who recently composed "The
Testimony of the Suns" as the spec
ial guests on this occasion. The
speech of the evening will be deliv
ered by Sinclair, while Sterling will
read an original poem. The evening
will be closed by Socialist and col
lege songs.
The tickets, which are one dollar
each may be secured at the Stanford
bookstore. A total of forty tickets
will be sold at Stanford. It is de
sired that the ticket coupons be sent
to B. I. Bradford, Oakland Free Li
brary, as soon as purchased. The
programs are free.
The Ruskin Clubs of the University
of California and of Stanford will
hold an intercollegiate Socialist din
ner at the Hotel Athens, 1304 Broad
way, Oakland, on Friday evening, Nov
vember 13. The clubs have invited
Upton Sinclair, author of the "Jun
gle" and George Sterling, the famous
poet, who recently composed "The
Testimony of the Suns" as the spec
ial guests on this occasion. The
speech of the evening will be deliv
ered by Sinclair, while Sterling will
read an original poem. The evening
will be closed by Socialist and col
lege songs.
The tickets, which are one dollar
each may be secured at the Stanford
bookstore. A total of forty tickets
will be sold at Stanford. It is de
sired that the ticket coupons be sent
to B. I. Bradford, Oakland Free Li
brary, as soon as purchased. The
programs are free.
The Ruskin Clubs of the University
of California and of Stanford will
hold an intercollegiate Socialist din
ner at the Hotel Athens, 1304 Broad
way, Oakland, on Friday evening, Nov
vember 13. The clubs have invited
Upton Sinclair, author of the "Jun
gle" and George Sterling, the famous
poet, who recently composed "The
Testimony of the Suns" as the spec
ial guests on this occasion. The
speech of the evening will be deliv
ered by Sinclair, while Sterling will
read an original poem. The evening
will be closed by Socialist and col
lege songs.
The tickets, which are one dollar
each may be secured at the Stanford
bookstore. A total of forty tickets
will be sold at Stanford. It is de
sired that the ticket coupons be sent
to B. I. Bradford, Oakland Free Li
brary, as soon as purchased. The
programs are free.
The Ruskin Clubs of the University
of California and of Stanford will
hold an intercollegiate Socialist din
ner at the Hotel Athens, 1304 Broad
way, Oakland, on Friday evening, Nov
vember 13. The clubs have invited
Upton Sinclair, author of the "Jun
gle" and George Sterling, the famous
poet, who recently composed "The
Testimony of the Suns" as the spec
ial guests on this occasion. The
speech of the evening will be deliv
ered by Sinclair, while Sterling will
read an original poem. The evening
will be closed by Socialist and col
lege songs.
The tickets, which are one dollar
each may be secured at the Stanford
bookstore. A total of forty tickets
will be sold at Stanford. It is de
sired that the ticket coupons be sent
to B. I. Bradford, Oakland Free Li
brary, as soon as purchased. The
programs are free.
The Ruskin Clubs of the University
of California and of Stanford will
hold an intercollegiate Socialist din
ner at the Hotel Athens, 1304 Broad
way, Oakland, on Friday evening, Nov
vember 13. The clubs have invited
Upton Sinclair, author of the "Jun
gle" and George Sterling, the famous
poet, who recently composed "The
Testimony of the Suns" as the spec
ial guests on this occasion. The
speech of the evening will be deliv
ered by Sinclair, while Sterling will
read an original poem. The evening
will be closed by Socialist and col
lege songs.
The tickets, which are one dollar
each may be secured at the Stanford
bookstore. A total of forty tickets
will be sold at Stanford. It is de
sired that the ticket coupons be sent
to B. I. Bradford, Oakland Free Li
brary, as soon as purchased. The
programs are free.
The Ruskin Clubs of the University
of California and of Stanford will
hold an intercollegiate Socialist din
ner at the Hotel Athens, 1304 Broad
way, Oakland, on Friday evening, Nov
vember 13. The clubs have invited
Upton Sinclair, author of the "Jun
gle" and George Sterling, the famous
poet, who recently composed "The
Testimony of the Suns" as the spec
ial guests on this occasion. The
speech of the evening will be deliv
ered by Sinclair, while Sterling will
read an original poem. The evening
will be closed by Socialist and col
lege songs.
The tickets, which are one dollar
each may be secured at the Stanford
bookstore. A total of forty tickets
will be sold at Stanford. It is de
sired that the ticket coupons be sent
to B. I. Bradford, Oakland Free Li
brary, as soon as purchased. The
programs are free.
The Ruskin Clubs of the University
of California and of Stanford will
hold an intercollegiate Socialist din
ner at the Hotel Athens, 1304 Broad
way, Oakland, on Friday evening, Nov
vember 13. The clubs have invited
Upton Sinclair, author of the "Jun
gle" and George Sterling, the famous
poet, who recently composed "The
Testimony of the Suns" as the spec
ial guests on this occasion. The
speech of the evening will be deliv
ered by Sinclair, while Sterling will
read an original poem. The evening
will be closed by Socialist and col
lege songs.
The tickets, which are one dollar
each may be secured at the Stanford
bookstore. A total of forty tickets
will be sold at Stanford. It is de
sired that the ticket coupons be sent
to B. I. Bradford, Oakland Free Li
brary, as soon as purchased. The
programs are free.
The Ruskin Clubs of the University
of California and of Stanford will
hold an intercollegiate Socialist din
ner at the Hotel Athens, 1304 Broad
way, Oakland, on Friday evening, Nov
vember 13. The clubs have invited
Upton Sinclair, author of the "Jun
gle" and George Sterling, the famous
poet, who recently composed "The
Testimony of the Suns" as the spec
ial guests on this occasion. The
speech of the evening will be deliv
ered by Sinclair, while Sterling will
read an original poem. The evening
will be closed by Socialist and col
lege songs.
The tickets, which are one dollar
each may be secured at the Stanford
bookstore. A total of forty tickets
will be sold at Stanford. It is de
sired that the ticket coupons be sent
to B. I. Bradford, Oakland Free Li
brary, as soon as purchased. The
programs are free.
