# SCHOLARS REWARDED
## SIX NEW MEMBERS VOTED INTO SCHOLARSHIP SOCIETY Faculty Decides on Names of Brilliant Students at Session Held This Afternoon 
### 
At a meeting of the Faculty mem
bers of Phi Beta Kappa held this af
ternoon six new members were
elected. They are: Charles Reining,
Beatrice M. Maine. Samuel Stillman
Berry, Leslie Crave, Frank Walter
Weymouth and Yamato Ichihashi.
Charles Reining, '08, registered
from Palo Alto and majored in the
German Department and Reining took
part in Minna Von Barnhelm when it
was produced by the German Club
two years ago.
Miss Beatrice M. Maine, '09, of Riv
erside, registered in the German De
partment. Miss Maine is a member
of the Roble Club and has taken an
active part in girls athletics.
Samuel S. Berry, '09, of Red lands,
registers in the Zoology Department.
Leslie Craven, '09, of Bellingham,
Washington, registers in Law and has
taken an active part in debating.
Craven was a member of the inter
collegiate debating team last year.
Frank W. Weymouth. '09, of Tacoma,
Washington, registers in Zoology.
Weymouth has taken an active part in
literary work, having written a num
ber of articles for the Sequoia.
Yamato Ichihashi, '07, of Japan, is
an assistant in the Economics De
partment.
