# Association Holds Regular Meeting.
## 
### 
The Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation had its regular Sunday morn
ing meeting yesterday in room 55. A
general discussion was held on the
subject "Upon What Basis Will the
Association Live at Stanford?" Song
practice followed.
These meetings are held on three
Sunday mornings of each month and
some general topic of interest is dis
cussed. A large mass meeting is
held on the other Sunday at 7:30 in
the Chapel. A prominent outside
speaker talks at the monthly meeting.
The Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation had its regular Sunday morn
ing meeting yesterday in room 55. A
general discussion was held on the
subject "Upon What Basis Will the
Association Live at Stanford?" Song
practice followed.
These meetings are held on three
Sunday mornings of each month and
some general topic of interest is dis
cussed. A large mass meeting is
held on the other Sunday at 7:30 in
the Chapel. A prominent outside
speaker talks at the monthly meeting.
The Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation had its regular Sunday morn
ing meeting yesterday in room 55. A
general discussion was held on the
subject "Upon What Basis Will the
Association Live at Stanford?" Song
practice followed.
These meetings are held on three
Sunday mornings of each month and
some general topic of interest is dis
cussed. A large mass meeting is
held on the other Sunday at 7:30 in
the Chapel. A prominent outside
speaker talks at the monthly meeting.
The Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation had its regular Sunday morn
ing meeting yesterday in room 55. A
general discussion was held on the
subject "Upon What Basis Will the
Association Live at Stanford?" Song
practice followed.
These meetings are held on three
Sunday mornings of each month and
some general topic of interest is dis
cussed. A large mass meeting is
held on the other Sunday at 7:30 in
the Chapel. A prominent outside
speaker talks at the monthly meeting.
The Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation had its regular Sunday morn
ing meeting yesterday in room 55. A
general discussion was held on the
subject "Upon What Basis Will the
Association Live at Stanford?" Song
practice followed.
These meetings are held on three
Sunday mornings of each month and
some general topic of interest is dis
cussed. A large mass meeting is
held on the other Sunday at 7:30 in
the Chapel. A prominent outside
speaker talks at the monthly meeting.
The Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation had its regular Sunday morn
ing meeting yesterday in room 55. A
general discussion was held on the
subject "Upon What Basis Will the
Association Live at Stanford?" Song
practice followed.
These meetings are held on three
Sunday mornings of each month and
some general topic of interest is dis
cussed. A large mass meeting is
held on the other Sunday at 7:30 in
the Chapel. A prominent outside
speaker talks at the monthly meeting.
The Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation had its regular Sunday morn
ing meeting yesterday in room 55. A
general discussion was held on the
subject "Upon What Basis Will the
Association Live at Stanford?" Song
practice followed.
These meetings are held on three
Sunday mornings of each month and
some general topic of interest is dis
cussed. A large mass meeting is
held on the other Sunday at 7:30 in
the Chapel. A prominent outside
speaker talks at the monthly meeting.
The Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation had its regular Sunday morn
ing meeting yesterday in room 55. A
general discussion was held on the
subject "Upon What Basis Will the
Association Live at Stanford?" Song
practice followed.
These meetings are held on three
Sunday mornings of each month and
some general topic of interest is dis
cussed. A large mass meeting is
held on the other Sunday at 7:30 in
the Chapel. A prominent outside
speaker talks at the monthly meeting.
The Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation had its regular Sunday morn
ing meeting yesterday in room 55. A
general discussion was held on the
subject "Upon What Basis Will the
Association Live at Stanford?" Song
practice followed.
These meetings are held on three
Sunday mornings of each month and
some general topic of interest is dis
cussed. A large mass meeting is
held on the other Sunday at 7:30 in
the Chapel. A prominent outside
speaker talks at the monthly meeting.
The Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation had its regular Sunday morn
ing meeting yesterday in room 55. A
general discussion was held on the
subject "Upon What Basis Will the
Association Live at Stanford?" Song
practice followed.
These meetings are held on three
Sunday mornings of each month and
some general topic of interest is dis
cussed. A large mass meeting is
held on the other Sunday at 7:30 in
the Chapel. A prominent outside
speaker talks at the monthly meeting.
