# Adv. 16 Page 5
## 
### 
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is p.m. of the day before
publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is p.m. of the day before
publication.
