# DOWN HE GOES!
## 
### 

THE HARD WAY—Floyd Baker, Washington second sacker, is
upended as he gets throw off to first base for a double play.
Sliding under him is Eddie Stewart of the White Sox who was
forced out. The Sox lost the game played in Chicago, 6-4.
—NEA Telephoto

THE HARD WAY—Floyd Baker, Washington second sacker, is
upended as he gets throw off to first base for a double play.
Sliding under him is Eddie Stewart of the White Sox who was
forced out. The Sox lost the game played in Chicago, 6-4.
—NEA Telephoto

THE HARD WAY—Floyd Baker, Washington second sacker, is
upended as he gets throw off to first base for a double play.
Sliding under him is Eddie Stewart of the White Sox who was
forced out. The Sox lost the game played in Chicago, 6-4.
—NEA Telephoto

THE HARD WAY—Floyd Baker, Washington second sacker, is
upended as he gets throw off to first base for a double play.
Sliding under him is Eddie Stewart of the White Sox who was
forced out. The Sox lost the game played in Chicago, 6-4.
—NEA Telephoto

THE HARD WAY—Floyd Baker, Washington second sacker, is
upended as he gets throw off to first base for a double play.
Sliding under him is Eddie Stewart of the White Sox who was
forced out. The Sox lost the game played in Chicago, 6-4.
—NEA Telephoto

THE HARD WAY—Floyd Baker, Washington second sacker, is
upended as he gets throw off to first base for a double play.
Sliding under him is Eddie Stewart of the White Sox who was
forced out. The Sox lost the game played in Chicago, 6-4.
—NEA Telephoto

THE HARD WAY—Floyd Baker, Washington second sacker, is
upended as he gets throw off to first base for a double play.
Sliding under him is Eddie Stewart of the White Sox who was
forced out. The Sox lost the game played in Chicago, 6-4.
—NEA Telephoto

THE HARD WAY—Floyd Baker, Washington second sacker, is
upended as he gets throw off to first base for a double play.
Sliding under him is Eddie Stewart of the White Sox who was
forced out. The Sox lost the game played in Chicago, 6-4.
—NEA Telephoto

THE HARD WAY—Floyd Baker, Washington second sacker, is
upended as he gets throw off to first base for a double play.
Sliding under him is Eddie Stewart of the White Sox who was
forced out. The Sox lost the game played in Chicago, 6-4.
—NEA Telephoto

THE HARD WAY—Floyd Baker, Washington second sacker, is
upended as he gets throw off to first base for a double play.
Sliding under him is Eddie Stewart of the White Sox who was
forced out. The Sox lost the game played in Chicago, 6-4.
—NEA Telephoto

THE HARD WAY—Floyd Baker, Washington second sacker, is
upended as he gets throw off to first base for a double play.
Sliding under him is Eddie Stewart of the White Sox who was
forced out. The Sox lost the game played in Chicago, 6-4.
—NEA Telephoto

THE HARD WAY—Floyd Baker, Washington second sacker, is
upended as he gets throw off to first base for a double play.
Sliding under him is Eddie Stewart of the White Sox who was
forced out. The Sox lost the game played in Chicago, 6-4.
—NEA Telephoto

THE HARD WAY—Floyd Baker, Washington second sacker, is
upended as he gets throw off to first base for a double play.
Sliding under him is Eddie Stewart of the White Sox who was
forced out. The Sox lost the game played in Chicago, 6-4.
—NEA Telephoto

THE HARD WAY—Floyd Baker, Washington second sacker, is
upended as he gets throw off to first base for a double play.
Sliding under him is Eddie Stewart of the White Sox who was
forced out. The Sox lost the game played in Chicago, 6-4.
—NEA Telephoto

THE HARD WAY—Floyd Baker, Washington second sacker, is
upended as he gets throw off to first base for a double play.
Sliding under him is Eddie Stewart of the White Sox who was
forced out. The Sox lost the game played in Chicago, 6-4.
—NEA Telephoto

THE HARD WAY—Floyd Baker, Washington second sacker, is
upended as he gets throw off to first base for a double play.
Sliding under him is Eddie Stewart of the White Sox who was
forced out. The Sox lost the game played in Chicago, 6-4.
—NEA Telephoto
