# Tuesday Deadline For Board, Room
## 
### 
The deadline for payment of Uni
versity board and room bills is next
Tuesday. Payments made after that
date will be subject to an additional
fee.
Payment is to be made at the
cashier's office. Building 1, Inner
Quad. The office is open from 8 a.m.
to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Checks, with the statement en
closed, may be mailed to the cash
ier's office but must be reecived by
July 1.
The deadline for payment of Uni
versity board and room bills is next
Tuesday. Payments made after that
date will be subject to an additional
fee.
Payment is to be made at the
cashier's office. Building 1, Inner
Quad. The office is open from 8 a.m.
to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Checks, with the statement en
closed, may be mailed to the cash
ier's office but must be reecived by
July 1.
The deadline for payment of Uni
versity board and room bills is next
Tuesday. Payments made after that
date will be subject to an additional
fee.
Payment is to be made at the
cashier's office. Building 1, Inner
Quad. The office is open from 8 a.m.
to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Checks, with the statement en
closed, may be mailed to the cash
ier's office but must be reecived by
July 1.
The deadline for payment of Uni
versity board and room bills is next
Tuesday. Payments made after that
date will be subject to an additional
fee.
Payment is to be made at the
cashier's office. Building 1, Inner
Quad. The office is open from 8 a.m.
to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Checks, with the statement en
closed, may be mailed to the cash
ier's office but must be reecived by
July 1.
The deadline for payment of Uni
versity board and room bills is next
Tuesday. Payments made after that
date will be subject to an additional
fee.
Payment is to be made at the
cashier's office. Building 1, Inner
Quad. The office is open from 8 a.m.
to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Checks, with the statement en
closed, may be mailed to the cash
ier's office but must be reecived by
July 1.
The deadline for payment of Uni
versity board and room bills is next
Tuesday. Payments made after that
date will be subject to an additional
fee.
Payment is to be made at the
cashier's office. Building 1, Inner
Quad. The office is open from 8 a.m.
to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Checks, with the statement en
closed, may be mailed to the cash
ier's office but must be reecived by
July 1.
The deadline for payment of Uni
versity board and room bills is next
Tuesday. Payments made after that
date will be subject to an additional
fee.
Payment is to be made at the
cashier's office. Building 1, Inner
Quad. The office is open from 8 a.m.
to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Checks, with the statement en
closed, may be mailed to the cash
ier's office but must be reecived by
July 1.
The deadline for payment of Uni
versity board and room bills is next
Tuesday. Payments made after that
date will be subject to an additional
fee.
Payment is to be made at the
cashier's office. Building 1, Inner
Quad. The office is open from 8 a.m.
to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Checks, with the statement en
closed, may be mailed to the cash
ier's office but must be reecived by
July 1.
The deadline for payment of Uni
versity board and room bills is next
Tuesday. Payments made after that
date will be subject to an additional
fee.
Payment is to be made at the
cashier's office. Building 1, Inner
Quad. The office is open from 8 a.m.
to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Checks, with the statement en
closed, may be mailed to the cash
ier's office but must be reecived by
July 1.
The deadline for payment of Uni
versity board and room bills is next
Tuesday. Payments made after that
date will be subject to an additional
fee.
Payment is to be made at the
cashier's office. Building 1, Inner
Quad. The office is open from 8 a.m.
to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Checks, with the statement en
closed, may be mailed to the cash
ier's office but must be reecived by
July 1.
The deadline for payment of Uni
versity board and room bills is next
Tuesday. Payments made after that
date will be subject to an additional
fee.
Payment is to be made at the
cashier's office. Building 1, Inner
Quad. The office is open from 8 a.m.
to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Checks, with the statement en
closed, may be mailed to the cash
ier's office but must be reecived by
July 1.
The deadline for payment of Uni
versity board and room bills is next
Tuesday. Payments made after that
date will be subject to an additional
fee.
Payment is to be made at the
cashier's office. Building 1, Inner
Quad. The office is open from 8 a.m.
to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Checks, with the statement en
closed, may be mailed to the cash
ier's office but must be reecived by
July 1.
The deadline for payment of Uni
versity board and room bills is next
Tuesday. Payments made after that
date will be subject to an additional
fee.
Payment is to be made at the
cashier's office. Building 1, Inner
Quad. The office is open from 8 a.m.
to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Checks, with the statement en
closed, may be mailed to the cash
ier's office but must be reecived by
July 1.
The deadline for payment of Uni
versity board and room bills is next
Tuesday. Payments made after that
date will be subject to an additional
fee.
Payment is to be made at the
cashier's office. Building 1, Inner
Quad. The office is open from 8 a.m.
to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Checks, with the statement en
closed, may be mailed to the cash
ier's office but must be reecived by
July 1.
The deadline for payment of Uni
versity board and room bills is next
Tuesday. Payments made after that
date will be subject to an additional
fee.
Payment is to be made at the
cashier's office. Building 1, Inner
Quad. The office is open from 8 a.m.
to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Checks, with the statement en
closed, may be mailed to the cash
ier's office but must be reecived by
July 1.
The deadline for payment of Uni
versity board and room bills is next
Tuesday. Payments made after that
date will be subject to an additional
fee.
Payment is to be made at the
cashier's office. Building 1, Inner
Quad. The office is open from 8 a.m.
to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Checks, with the statement en
closed, may be mailed to the cash
ier's office but must be reecived by
July 1.
