# getting it right
## 
### 
()u Ihe front page and page se\ en of vestci (lav's
Dailv, it was mistakenh reported that the Stanford
baseball team swept (la I State-lullei ton in a three
game sei ics. I he (Cardinal lost the first game of the
series 5-4.
()u Ihe front page and page se\ en of vestci (lav's
Dailv, it was mistakenh reported that the Stanford
baseball team swept (la I State-lullei ton in a three
game sei ics. I he (Cardinal lost the first game of the
series 5-4.
()u Ihe front page and page se\ en of vestci (lav's
Dailv, it was mistakenh reported that the Stanford
baseball team swept (la I State-lullei ton in a three
game sei ics. I he (Cardinal lost the first game of the
series 5-4.
()u Ihe front page and page se\ en of vestci (lav's
Dailv, it was mistakenh reported that the Stanford
baseball team swept (la I State-lullei ton in a three
game sei ics. I he (Cardinal lost the first game of the
series 5-4.
()u Ihe front page and page se\ en of vestci (lav's
Dailv, it was mistakenh reported that the Stanford
baseball team swept (la I State-lullei ton in a three
game sei ics. I he (Cardinal lost the first game of the
series 5-4.
()u Ihe front page and page se\ en of vestci (lav's
Dailv, it was mistakenh reported that the Stanford
baseball team swept (la I State-lullei ton in a three
game sei ics. I he (Cardinal lost the first game of the
series 5-4.
()u Ihe front page and page se\ en of vestci (lav's
Dailv, it was mistakenh reported that the Stanford
baseball team swept (la I State-lullei ton in a three
game sei ics. I he (Cardinal lost the first game of the
series 5-4.
