# STUDENTS MEET WITH GOVERNOR FAUBUS
## 
### 
Henry Chege, Arthur Spiegel, Fred Savage, Governor Fau
bus, Prince B. Decker, Eton Gilbert, Lewis Chikwendu met
to discuss 1957 school crisis.


Photo by David Kofi
Henry Chege, Arthur Spiegel, Fred Savage, Governor Fau
bus, Prince B. Decker, Eton Gilbert, Lewis Chikwendu met
to discuss 1957 school crisis.


Photo by David Kofi
Henry Chege, Arthur Spiegel, Fred Savage, Governor Fau
bus, Prince B. Decker, Eton Gilbert, Lewis Chikwendu met
to discuss 1957 school crisis.


Photo by David Kofi
Henry Chege, Arthur Spiegel, Fred Savage, Governor Fau
bus, Prince B. Decker, Eton Gilbert, Lewis Chikwendu met
to discuss 1957 school crisis.


Photo by David Kofi
Henry Chege, Arthur Spiegel, Fred Savage, Governor Fau
bus, Prince B. Decker, Eton Gilbert, Lewis Chikwendu met
to discuss 1957 school crisis.


Photo by David Kofi
Henry Chege, Arthur Spiegel, Fred Savage, Governor Fau
bus, Prince B. Decker, Eton Gilbert, Lewis Chikwendu met
to discuss 1957 school crisis.


Photo by David Kofi
Henry Chege, Arthur Spiegel, Fred Savage, Governor Fau
bus, Prince B. Decker, Eton Gilbert, Lewis Chikwendu met
to discuss 1957 school crisis.


Photo by David Kofi
Henry Chege, Arthur Spiegel, Fred Savage, Governor Fau
bus, Prince B. Decker, Eton Gilbert, Lewis Chikwendu met
to discuss 1957 school crisis.


Photo by David Kofi
Henry Chege, Arthur Spiegel, Fred Savage, Governor Fau
bus, Prince B. Decker, Eton Gilbert, Lewis Chikwendu met
to discuss 1957 school crisis.


Photo by David Kofi
Henry Chege, Arthur Spiegel, Fred Savage, Governor Fau
bus, Prince B. Decker, Eton Gilbert, Lewis Chikwendu met
to discuss 1957 school crisis.


Photo by David Kofi
Henry Chege, Arthur Spiegel, Fred Savage, Governor Fau
bus, Prince B. Decker, Eton Gilbert, Lewis Chikwendu met
to discuss 1957 school crisis.


Photo by David Kofi
Henry Chege, Arthur Spiegel, Fred Savage, Governor Fau
bus, Prince B. Decker, Eton Gilbert, Lewis Chikwendu met
to discuss 1957 school crisis.


Photo by David Kofi
Henry Chege, Arthur Spiegel, Fred Savage, Governor Fau
bus, Prince B. Decker, Eton Gilbert, Lewis Chikwendu met
to discuss 1957 school crisis.


Photo by David Kofi
Henry Chege, Arthur Spiegel, Fred Savage, Governor Fau
bus, Prince B. Decker, Eton Gilbert, Lewis Chikwendu met
to discuss 1957 school crisis.


Photo by David Kofi
Henry Chege, Arthur Spiegel, Fred Savage, Governor Fau
bus, Prince B. Decker, Eton Gilbert, Lewis Chikwendu met
to discuss 1957 school crisis.


Photo by David Kofi
Henry Chege, Arthur Spiegel, Fred Savage, Governor Fau
bus, Prince B. Decker, Eton Gilbert, Lewis Chikwendu met
to discuss 1957 school crisis.


Photo by David Kofi
