# New Call For Secretaries
## 
### 
The Peace Corps needs 100 ex
perienced secretaries to serve as
Volunteers in overseas Peace Corps
offices as chief secretaries and ollice
managers.
A director and subordinate staff
members are assigned to each of
the countries in which Volunteers
are working. They arc responsible
for the activities of all Volunteer
programs. In their assignments, the
secretaries will have contact with
high-ranking host government and
U.S. officials.
In June, a special training pro
gram for the secretaries will begin
at the Peace Corps headquarters in
Washington. They will receive ad
ministrative training anil training
in language and area studies.
Candidates should submit a
Peace Corps Volunteer Question
naire to Secretary Recruitment,
Pcacc Corps, Washington, D. C.
20525.
The Peace Corps needs 100 ex
perienced secretaries to serve as
Volunteers in overseas Peace Corps
offices as chief secretaries and ollice
managers.
A director and subordinate staff
members are assigned to each of
the countries in which Volunteers
are working. They arc responsible
for the activities of all Volunteer
programs. In their assignments, the
secretaries will have contact with
high-ranking host government and
U.S. officials.
In June, a special training pro
gram for the secretaries will begin
at the Peace Corps headquarters in
Washington. They will receive ad
ministrative training anil training
in language and area studies.
Candidates should submit a
Peace Corps Volunteer Question
naire to Secretary Recruitment,
Pcacc Corps, Washington, D. C.
20525.
The Peace Corps needs 100 ex
perienced secretaries to serve as
Volunteers in overseas Peace Corps
offices as chief secretaries and ollice
managers.
A director and subordinate staff
members are assigned to each of
the countries in which Volunteers
are working. They arc responsible
for the activities of all Volunteer
programs. In their assignments, the
secretaries will have contact with
high-ranking host government and
U.S. officials.
In June, a special training pro
gram for the secretaries will begin
at the Peace Corps headquarters in
Washington. They will receive ad
ministrative training anil training
in language and area studies.
Candidates should submit a
Peace Corps Volunteer Question
naire to Secretary Recruitment,
Pcacc Corps, Washington, D. C.
20525.
The Peace Corps needs 100 ex
perienced secretaries to serve as
Volunteers in overseas Peace Corps
offices as chief secretaries and ollice
managers.
A director and subordinate staff
members are assigned to each of
the countries in which Volunteers
are working. They arc responsible
for the activities of all Volunteer
programs. In their assignments, the
secretaries will have contact with
high-ranking host government and
U.S. officials.
In June, a special training pro
gram for the secretaries will begin
at the Peace Corps headquarters in
Washington. They will receive ad
ministrative training anil training
in language and area studies.
Candidates should submit a
Peace Corps Volunteer Question
naire to Secretary Recruitment,
Pcacc Corps, Washington, D. C.
20525.
The Peace Corps needs 100 ex
perienced secretaries to serve as
Volunteers in overseas Peace Corps
offices as chief secretaries and ollice
managers.
A director and subordinate staff
members are assigned to each of
the countries in which Volunteers
are working. They arc responsible
for the activities of all Volunteer
programs. In their assignments, the
secretaries will have contact with
high-ranking host government and
U.S. officials.
In June, a special training pro
gram for the secretaries will begin
at the Peace Corps headquarters in
Washington. They will receive ad
ministrative training anil training
in language and area studies.
Candidates should submit a
Peace Corps Volunteer Question
naire to Secretary Recruitment,
Pcacc Corps, Washington, D. C.
20525.
The Peace Corps needs 100 ex
perienced secretaries to serve as
Volunteers in overseas Peace Corps
offices as chief secretaries and ollice
managers.
A director and subordinate staff
members are assigned to each of
the countries in which Volunteers
are working. They arc responsible
for the activities of all Volunteer
programs. In their assignments, the
secretaries will have contact with
high-ranking host government and
U.S. officials.
In June, a special training pro
gram for the secretaries will begin
at the Peace Corps headquarters in
Washington. They will receive ad
ministrative training anil training
in language and area studies.
Candidates should submit a
Peace Corps Volunteer Question
naire to Secretary Recruitment,
Pcacc Corps, Washington, D. C.
20525.
The Peace Corps needs 100 ex
perienced secretaries to serve as
Volunteers in overseas Peace Corps
offices as chief secretaries and ollice
managers.
A director and subordinate staff
members are assigned to each of
the countries in which Volunteers
are working. They arc responsible
for the activities of all Volunteer
programs. In their assignments, the
secretaries will have contact with
high-ranking host government and
U.S. officials.
In June, a special training pro
gram for the secretaries will begin
at the Peace Corps headquarters in
Washington. They will receive ad
ministrative training anil training
in language and area studies.
Candidates should submit a
Peace Corps Volunteer Question
naire to Secretary Recruitment,
Pcacc Corps, Washington, D. C.
20525.
The Peace Corps needs 100 ex
perienced secretaries to serve as
Volunteers in overseas Peace Corps
offices as chief secretaries and ollice
managers.
A director and subordinate staff
members are assigned to each of
the countries in which Volunteers
are working. They arc responsible
for the activities of all Volunteer
programs. In their assignments, the
secretaries will have contact with
high-ranking host government and
U.S. officials.
In June, a special training pro
gram for the secretaries will begin
at the Peace Corps headquarters in
Washington. They will receive ad
ministrative training anil training
in language and area studies.
Candidates should submit a
Peace Corps Volunteer Question
naire to Secretary Recruitment,
Pcacc Corps, Washington, D. C.
20525.
The Peace Corps needs 100 ex
perienced secretaries to serve as
Volunteers in overseas Peace Corps
offices as chief secretaries and ollice
managers.
A director and subordinate staff
members are assigned to each of
the countries in which Volunteers
are working. They arc responsible
for the activities of all Volunteer
programs. In their assignments, the
secretaries will have contact with
high-ranking host government and
U.S. officials.
In June, a special training pro
gram for the secretaries will begin
at the Peace Corps headquarters in
Washington. They will receive ad
ministrative training anil training
in language and area studies.
Candidates should submit a
Peace Corps Volunteer Question
naire to Secretary Recruitment,
Pcacc Corps, Washington, D. C.
20525.
The Peace Corps needs 100 ex
perienced secretaries to serve as
Volunteers in overseas Peace Corps
offices as chief secretaries and ollice
managers.
A director and subordinate staff
members are assigned to each of
the countries in which Volunteers
are working. They arc responsible
for the activities of all Volunteer
programs. In their assignments, the
secretaries will have contact with
high-ranking host government and
U.S. officials.
In June, a special training pro
gram for the secretaries will begin
at the Peace Corps headquarters in
Washington. They will receive ad
ministrative training anil training
in language and area studies.
Candidates should submit a
Peace Corps Volunteer Question
naire to Secretary Recruitment,
Pcacc Corps, Washington, D. C.
20525.
The Peace Corps needs 100 ex
perienced secretaries to serve as
Volunteers in overseas Peace Corps
offices as chief secretaries and ollice
managers.
A director and subordinate staff
members are assigned to each of
the countries in which Volunteers
are working. They arc responsible
for the activities of all Volunteer
programs. In their assignments, the
secretaries will have contact with
high-ranking host government and
U.S. officials.
In June, a special training pro
gram for the secretaries will begin
at the Peace Corps headquarters in
Washington. They will receive ad
ministrative training anil training
in language and area studies.
Candidates should submit a
Peace Corps Volunteer Question
naire to Secretary Recruitment,
Pcacc Corps, Washington, D. C.
20525.
The Peace Corps needs 100 ex
perienced secretaries to serve as
Volunteers in overseas Peace Corps
offices as chief secretaries and ollice
managers.
A director and subordinate staff
members are assigned to each of
the countries in which Volunteers
are working. They arc responsible
for the activities of all Volunteer
programs. In their assignments, the
secretaries will have contact with
high-ranking host government and
U.S. officials.
In June, a special training pro
gram for the secretaries will begin
at the Peace Corps headquarters in
Washington. They will receive ad
ministrative training anil training
in language and area studies.
Candidates should submit a
Peace Corps Volunteer Question
naire to Secretary Recruitment,
Pcacc Corps, Washington, D. C.
20525.
The Peace Corps needs 100 ex
perienced secretaries to serve as
Volunteers in overseas Peace Corps
offices as chief secretaries and ollice
managers.
A director and subordinate staff
members are assigned to each of
the countries in which Volunteers
are working. They arc responsible
for the activities of all Volunteer
programs. In their assignments, the
secretaries will have contact with
high-ranking host government and
U.S. officials.
In June, a special training pro
gram for the secretaries will begin
at the Peace Corps headquarters in
Washington. They will receive ad
ministrative training anil training
in language and area studies.
Candidates should submit a
Peace Corps Volunteer Question
naire to Secretary Recruitment,
Pcacc Corps, Washington, D. C.
20525.
The Peace Corps needs 100 ex
perienced secretaries to serve as
Volunteers in overseas Peace Corps
offices as chief secretaries and ollice
managers.
A director and subordinate staff
members are assigned to each of
the countries in which Volunteers
are working. They arc responsible
for the activities of all Volunteer
programs. In their assignments, the
secretaries will have contact with
high-ranking host government and
U.S. officials.
In June, a special training pro
gram for the secretaries will begin
at the Peace Corps headquarters in
Washington. They will receive ad
ministrative training anil training
in language and area studies.
Candidates should submit a
Peace Corps Volunteer Question
naire to Secretary Recruitment,
Pcacc Corps, Washington, D. C.
20525.
The Peace Corps needs 100 ex
perienced secretaries to serve as
Volunteers in overseas Peace Corps
offices as chief secretaries and ollice
managers.
A director and subordinate staff
members are assigned to each of
the countries in which Volunteers
are working. They arc responsible
for the activities of all Volunteer
programs. In their assignments, the
secretaries will have contact with
high-ranking host government and
U.S. officials.
In June, a special training pro
gram for the secretaries will begin
at the Peace Corps headquarters in
Washington. They will receive ad
ministrative training anil training
in language and area studies.
Candidates should submit a
Peace Corps Volunteer Question
naire to Secretary Recruitment,
Pcacc Corps, Washington, D. C.
20525.
