# Another Attempt to Settle Agreement.
## 
### 
The Intercollegiate Agreement Com
mittee is to hold another meeting to
night at the Palace Hotel in San Fran
cisco. At this time a determined
effort is to be made to arrange a com
promise that will settle the entire
matter with satisfaction to both sides.
Whether this will be accomplished or
not is a matter of conjecture, as all
former attempts have been unavailing.
The Intercollegiate Agreement Com
mittee is to hold another meeting to
night at the Palace Hotel in San Fran
cisco. At this time a determined
effort is to be made to arrange a com
promise that will settle the entire
matter with satisfaction to both sides.
Whether this will be accomplished or
not is a matter of conjecture, as all
former attempts have been unavailing.
The Intercollegiate Agreement Com
mittee is to hold another meeting to
night at the Palace Hotel in San Fran
cisco. At this time a determined
effort is to be made to arrange a com
promise that will settle the entire
matter with satisfaction to both sides.
Whether this will be accomplished or
not is a matter of conjecture, as all
former attempts have been unavailing.
The Intercollegiate Agreement Com
mittee is to hold another meeting to
night at the Palace Hotel in San Fran
cisco. At this time a determined
effort is to be made to arrange a com
promise that will settle the entire
matter with satisfaction to both sides.
Whether this will be accomplished or
not is a matter of conjecture, as all
former attempts have been unavailing.
The Intercollegiate Agreement Com
mittee is to hold another meeting to
night at the Palace Hotel in San Fran
cisco. At this time a determined
effort is to be made to arrange a com
promise that will settle the entire
matter with satisfaction to both sides.
Whether this will be accomplished or
not is a matter of conjecture, as all
former attempts have been unavailing.
The Intercollegiate Agreement Com
mittee is to hold another meeting to
night at the Palace Hotel in San Fran
cisco. At this time a determined
effort is to be made to arrange a com
promise that will settle the entire
matter with satisfaction to both sides.
Whether this will be accomplished or
not is a matter of conjecture, as all
former attempts have been unavailing.
The Intercollegiate Agreement Com
mittee is to hold another meeting to
night at the Palace Hotel in San Fran
cisco. At this time a determined
effort is to be made to arrange a com
promise that will settle the entire
matter with satisfaction to both sides.
Whether this will be accomplished or
not is a matter of conjecture, as all
former attempts have been unavailing.
The Intercollegiate Agreement Com
mittee is to hold another meeting to
night at the Palace Hotel in San Fran
cisco. At this time a determined
effort is to be made to arrange a com
promise that will settle the entire
matter with satisfaction to both sides.
Whether this will be accomplished or
not is a matter of conjecture, as all
former attempts have been unavailing.
The Intercollegiate Agreement Com
mittee is to hold another meeting to
night at the Palace Hotel in San Fran
cisco. At this time a determined
effort is to be made to arrange a com
promise that will settle the entire
matter with satisfaction to both sides.
Whether this will be accomplished or
not is a matter of conjecture, as all
former attempts have been unavailing.
The Intercollegiate Agreement Com
mittee is to hold another meeting to
night at the Palace Hotel in San Fran
cisco. At this time a determined
effort is to be made to arrange a com
promise that will settle the entire
matter with satisfaction to both sides.
Whether this will be accomplished or
not is a matter of conjecture, as all
former attempts have been unavailing.
The Intercollegiate Agreement Com
mittee is to hold another meeting to
night at the Palace Hotel in San Fran
cisco. At this time a determined
effort is to be made to arrange a com
promise that will settle the entire
matter with satisfaction to both sides.
Whether this will be accomplished or
not is a matter of conjecture, as all
former attempts have been unavailing.
