# Adv. 14 Page 4
## 
### 
WANTED —Girl attending school
to do house work. Address TCox
925, Talo Alto.
WANTED —Girl attending school
to do house work. Address TCox
925, Talo Alto.
WANTED —Girl attending school
to do house work. Address TCox
925, Talo Alto.
WANTED —Girl attending school
to do house work. Address TCox
925, Talo Alto.
WANTED —Girl attending school
to do house work. Address TCox
925, Talo Alto.
WANTED —Girl attending school
to do house work. Address TCox
925, Talo Alto.
WANTED —Girl attending school
to do house work. Address TCox
925, Talo Alto.
WANTED —Girl attending school
to do house work. Address TCox
925, Talo Alto.
WANTED —Girl attending school
to do house work. Address TCox
925, Talo Alto.
WANTED —Girl attending school
to do house work. Address TCox
925, Talo Alto.
