# Juniors To Hold Important Mooting.
## 
### 
President D. P. Crawford, '09, will
call the meeting of the Junior class
together in room 68 tomorrow at
1:10. Tomorrow's meeting may be
the last one of the class this semes
ter. The report of the Junior Opera
committee will be presented and
other business will be considered.
Some important matters relating to
the expenditure of money by the
class will probably come before the
meeting.
President D. P. Crawford, '09, will
call the meeting of the Junior class
together in room 68 tomorrow at
1:10. Tomorrow's meeting may be
the last one of the class this semes
ter. The report of the Junior Opera
committee will be presented and
other business will be considered.
Some important matters relating to
the expenditure of money by the
class will probably come before the
meeting.
President D. P. Crawford, '09, will
call the meeting of the Junior class
together in room 68 tomorrow at
1:10. Tomorrow's meeting may be
the last one of the class this semes
ter. The report of the Junior Opera
committee will be presented and
other business will be considered.
Some important matters relating to
the expenditure of money by the
class will probably come before the
meeting.
President D. P. Crawford, '09, will
call the meeting of the Junior class
together in room 68 tomorrow at
1:10. Tomorrow's meeting may be
the last one of the class this semes
ter. The report of the Junior Opera
committee will be presented and
other business will be considered.
Some important matters relating to
the expenditure of money by the
class will probably come before the
meeting.
President D. P. Crawford, '09, will
call the meeting of the Junior class
together in room 68 tomorrow at
1:10. Tomorrow's meeting may be
the last one of the class this semes
ter. The report of the Junior Opera
committee will be presented and
other business will be considered.
Some important matters relating to
the expenditure of money by the
class will probably come before the
meeting.
President D. P. Crawford, '09, will
call the meeting of the Junior class
together in room 68 tomorrow at
1:10. Tomorrow's meeting may be
the last one of the class this semes
ter. The report of the Junior Opera
committee will be presented and
other business will be considered.
Some important matters relating to
the expenditure of money by the
class will probably come before the
meeting.
President D. P. Crawford, '09, will
call the meeting of the Junior class
together in room 68 tomorrow at
1:10. Tomorrow's meeting may be
the last one of the class this semes
ter. The report of the Junior Opera
committee will be presented and
other business will be considered.
Some important matters relating to
the expenditure of money by the
class will probably come before the
meeting.
President D. P. Crawford, '09, will
call the meeting of the Junior class
together in room 68 tomorrow at
1:10. Tomorrow's meeting may be
the last one of the class this semes
ter. The report of the Junior Opera
committee will be presented and
other business will be considered.
Some important matters relating to
the expenditure of money by the
class will probably come before the
meeting.
President D. P. Crawford, '09, will
call the meeting of the Junior class
together in room 68 tomorrow at
1:10. Tomorrow's meeting may be
the last one of the class this semes
ter. The report of the Junior Opera
committee will be presented and
other business will be considered.
Some important matters relating to
the expenditure of money by the
class will probably come before the
meeting.
President D. P. Crawford, '09, will
call the meeting of the Junior class
together in room 68 tomorrow at
1:10. Tomorrow's meeting may be
the last one of the class this semes
ter. The report of the Junior Opera
committee will be presented and
other business will be considered.
Some important matters relating to
the expenditure of money by the
class will probably come before the
meeting.
