# Lanagan Chosen Representative.
## 
### 
In view of the fact that the Stan
lord Interscholastic Association has
joined tht Pacific Athletic Associa
tion for one year, the Board of Gov
ernors last night elected J. F. Lan
ngan, '00, to represent the local
bodv at the meetings of the P. A. A.
In view of the fact that the Stan
lord Interscholastic Association has
joined tht Pacific Athletic Associa
tion for one year, the Board of Gov
ernors last night elected J. F. Lan
ngan, '00, to represent the local
bodv at the meetings of the P. A. A.
In view of the fact that the Stan
lord Interscholastic Association has
joined tht Pacific Athletic Associa
tion for one year, the Board of Gov
ernors last night elected J. F. Lan
ngan, '00, to represent the local
bodv at the meetings of the P. A. A.
In view of the fact that the Stan
lord Interscholastic Association has
joined tht Pacific Athletic Associa
tion for one year, the Board of Gov
ernors last night elected J. F. Lan
ngan, '00, to represent the local
bodv at the meetings of the P. A. A.
In view of the fact that the Stan
lord Interscholastic Association has
joined tht Pacific Athletic Associa
tion for one year, the Board of Gov
ernors last night elected J. F. Lan
ngan, '00, to represent the local
bodv at the meetings of the P. A. A.
In view of the fact that the Stan
lord Interscholastic Association has
joined tht Pacific Athletic Associa
tion for one year, the Board of Gov
ernors last night elected J. F. Lan
ngan, '00, to represent the local
bodv at the meetings of the P. A. A.
In view of the fact that the Stan
lord Interscholastic Association has
joined tht Pacific Athletic Associa
tion for one year, the Board of Gov
ernors last night elected J. F. Lan
ngan, '00, to represent the local
bodv at the meetings of the P. A. A.
In view of the fact that the Stan
lord Interscholastic Association has
joined tht Pacific Athletic Associa
tion for one year, the Board of Gov
ernors last night elected J. F. Lan
ngan, '00, to represent the local
bodv at the meetings of the P. A. A.
In view of the fact that the Stan
lord Interscholastic Association has
joined tht Pacific Athletic Associa
tion for one year, the Board of Gov
ernors last night elected J. F. Lan
ngan, '00, to represent the local
bodv at the meetings of the P. A. A.
In view of the fact that the Stan
lord Interscholastic Association has
joined tht Pacific Athletic Associa
tion for one year, the Board of Gov
ernors last night elected J. F. Lan
ngan, '00, to represent the local
bodv at the meetings of the P. A. A.
