# LIDA RITTLER, '28, WINS WAY TO TENNIS FINALS
## 
### 
Lida Rittler, '28, won her way to the
finals of the women's University tennis
championship yesterday when she de
feated Lois Hallman, junior title-win-1
ner, 6-1, 6-1.
By this win, and her previous vie-j
tory over Jean Ward, senior champion,
6-0, 6-2, Rittler is conceded a good
chance of winning the University title.
Margaret Owen, freshman winner, has
also defeated Miss Ward and Miss
Hallman. They will meet on Field Day ,
for the title.
Miss Rittler's steadiness has been
the feature of the tournament this sea
son. This, and her last year's experi
ence, should give her an advantage in
the final match, though Miss Owen's
ability to come fack and overcome
her opponent's lead should even up j

Forty-six states and thirty-one for- j
eign countries were represented among I
the 12,276 students enrolled in the i
University of Wisconsin during 1925-
1926. Nevada and Delaware were the j
only states who sent no students to
Wisconsin.
Lida Rittler, '28, won her way to the
finals of the women's University tennis
championship yesterday when she de
feated Lois Hallman, junior title-win-1
ner, 6-1, 6-1.
By this win, and her previous vie-j
tory over Jean Ward, senior champion,
6-0, 6-2, Rittler is conceded a good
chance of winning the University title.
Margaret Owen, freshman winner, has
also defeated Miss Ward and Miss
Hallman. They will meet on Field Day ,
for the title.
Miss Rittler's steadiness has been
the feature of the tournament this sea
son. This, and her last year's experi
ence, should give her an advantage in
the final match, though Miss Owen's
ability to come fack and overcome
her opponent's lead should even up j

Forty-six states and thirty-one for- j
eign countries were represented among I
the 12,276 students enrolled in the i
University of Wisconsin during 1925-
1926. Nevada and Delaware were the j
only states who sent no students to
Wisconsin.
Lida Rittler, '28, won her way to the
finals of the women's University tennis
championship yesterday when she de
feated Lois Hallman, junior title-win-1
ner, 6-1, 6-1.
By this win, and her previous vie-j
tory over Jean Ward, senior champion,
6-0, 6-2, Rittler is conceded a good
chance of winning the University title.
Margaret Owen, freshman winner, has
also defeated Miss Ward and Miss
Hallman. They will meet on Field Day ,
for the title.
Miss Rittler's steadiness has been
the feature of the tournament this sea
son. This, and her last year's experi
ence, should give her an advantage in
the final match, though Miss Owen's
ability to come fack and overcome
her opponent's lead should even up j

Forty-six states and thirty-one for- j
eign countries were represented among I
the 12,276 students enrolled in the i
University of Wisconsin during 1925-
1926. Nevada and Delaware were the j
only states who sent no students to
Wisconsin.
Lida Rittler, '28, won her way to the
finals of the women's University tennis
championship yesterday when she de
feated Lois Hallman, junior title-win-1
ner, 6-1, 6-1.
By this win, and her previous vie-j
tory over Jean Ward, senior champion,
6-0, 6-2, Rittler is conceded a good
chance of winning the University title.
Margaret Owen, freshman winner, has
also defeated Miss Ward and Miss
Hallman. They will meet on Field Day ,
for the title.
Miss Rittler's steadiness has been
the feature of the tournament this sea
son. This, and her last year's experi
ence, should give her an advantage in
the final match, though Miss Owen's
ability to come fack and overcome
her opponent's lead should even up j

Forty-six states and thirty-one for- j
eign countries were represented among I
the 12,276 students enrolled in the i
University of Wisconsin during 1925-
1926. Nevada and Delaware were the j
only states who sent no students to
Wisconsin.
Lida Rittler, '28, won her way to the
finals of the women's University tennis
championship yesterday when she de
feated Lois Hallman, junior title-win-1
ner, 6-1, 6-1.
By this win, and her previous vie-j
tory over Jean Ward, senior champion,
6-0, 6-2, Rittler is conceded a good
chance of winning the University title.
Margaret Owen, freshman winner, has
also defeated Miss Ward and Miss
Hallman. They will meet on Field Day ,
for the title.
Miss Rittler's steadiness has been
the feature of the tournament this sea
son. This, and her last year's experi
ence, should give her an advantage in
the final match, though Miss Owen's
ability to come fack and overcome
her opponent's lead should even up j

Forty-six states and thirty-one for- j
eign countries were represented among I
the 12,276 students enrolled in the i
University of Wisconsin during 1925-
1926. Nevada and Delaware were the j
only states who sent no students to
Wisconsin.
Lida Rittler, '28, won her way to the
finals of the women's University tennis
championship yesterday when she de
feated Lois Hallman, junior title-win-1
ner, 6-1, 6-1.
By this win, and her previous vie-j
tory over Jean Ward, senior champion,
6-0, 6-2, Rittler is conceded a good
chance of winning the University title.
Margaret Owen, freshman winner, has
also defeated Miss Ward and Miss
Hallman. They will meet on Field Day ,
for the title.
Miss Rittler's steadiness has been
the feature of the tournament this sea
son. This, and her last year's experi
ence, should give her an advantage in
the final match, though Miss Owen's
ability to come fack and overcome
her opponent's lead should even up j

Forty-six states and thirty-one for- j
eign countries were represented among I
the 12,276 students enrolled in the i
University of Wisconsin during 1925-
1926. Nevada and Delaware were the j
only states who sent no students to
Wisconsin.
Lida Rittler, '28, won her way to the
finals of the women's University tennis
championship yesterday when she de
feated Lois Hallman, junior title-win-1
ner, 6-1, 6-1.
By this win, and her previous vie-j
tory over Jean Ward, senior champion,
6-0, 6-2, Rittler is conceded a good
chance of winning the University title.
Margaret Owen, freshman winner, has
also defeated Miss Ward and Miss
Hallman. They will meet on Field Day ,
for the title.
Miss Rittler's steadiness has been
the feature of the tournament this sea
son. This, and her last year's experi
ence, should give her an advantage in
the final match, though Miss Owen's
ability to come fack and overcome
her opponent's lead should even up j

Forty-six states and thirty-one for- j
eign countries were represented among I
the 12,276 students enrolled in the i
University of Wisconsin during 1925-
1926. Nevada and Delaware were the j
only states who sent no students to
Wisconsin.
Lida Rittler, '28, won her way to the
finals of the women's University tennis
championship yesterday when she de
feated Lois Hallman, junior title-win-1
ner, 6-1, 6-1.
By this win, and her previous vie-j
tory over Jean Ward, senior champion,
6-0, 6-2, Rittler is conceded a good
chance of winning the University title.
Margaret Owen, freshman winner, has
also defeated Miss Ward and Miss
Hallman. They will meet on Field Day ,
for the title.
Miss Rittler's steadiness has been
the feature of the tournament this sea
son. This, and her last year's experi
ence, should give her an advantage in
the final match, though Miss Owen's
ability to come fack and overcome
her opponent's lead should even up j

Forty-six states and thirty-one for- j
eign countries were represented among I
the 12,276 students enrolled in the i
University of Wisconsin during 1925-
1926. Nevada and Delaware were the j
only states who sent no students to
Wisconsin.
Lida Rittler, '28, won her way to the
finals of the women's University tennis
championship yesterday when she de
feated Lois Hallman, junior title-win-1
ner, 6-1, 6-1.
By this win, and her previous vie-j
tory over Jean Ward, senior champion,
6-0, 6-2, Rittler is conceded a good
chance of winning the University title.
Margaret Owen, freshman winner, has
also defeated Miss Ward and Miss
Hallman. They will meet on Field Day ,
for the title.
Miss Rittler's steadiness has been
the feature of the tournament this sea
son. This, and her last year's experi
ence, should give her an advantage in
the final match, though Miss Owen's
ability to come fack and overcome
her opponent's lead should even up j

Forty-six states and thirty-one for- j
eign countries were represented among I
the 12,276 students enrolled in the i
University of Wisconsin during 1925-
1926. Nevada and Delaware were the j
only states who sent no students to
Wisconsin.
Lida Rittler, '28, won her way to the
finals of the women's University tennis
championship yesterday when she de
feated Lois Hallman, junior title-win-1
ner, 6-1, 6-1.
By this win, and her previous vie-j
tory over Jean Ward, senior champion,
6-0, 6-2, Rittler is conceded a good
chance of winning the University title.
Margaret Owen, freshman winner, has
also defeated Miss Ward and Miss
Hallman. They will meet on Field Day ,
for the title.
Miss Rittler's steadiness has been
the feature of the tournament this sea
son. This, and her last year's experi
ence, should give her an advantage in
the final match, though Miss Owen's
ability to come fack and overcome
her opponent's lead should even up j

Forty-six states and thirty-one for- j
eign countries were represented among I
the 12,276 students enrolled in the i
University of Wisconsin during 1925-
1926. Nevada and Delaware were the j
only states who sent no students to
Wisconsin.
Lida Rittler, '28, won her way to the
finals of the women's University tennis
championship yesterday when she de
feated Lois Hallman, junior title-win-1
ner, 6-1, 6-1.
By this win, and her previous vie-j
tory over Jean Ward, senior champion,
6-0, 6-2, Rittler is conceded a good
chance of winning the University title.
Margaret Owen, freshman winner, has
also defeated Miss Ward and Miss
Hallman. They will meet on Field Day ,
for the title.
Miss Rittler's steadiness has been
the feature of the tournament this sea
son. This, and her last year's experi
ence, should give her an advantage in
the final match, though Miss Owen's
ability to come fack and overcome
her opponent's lead should even up j

Forty-six states and thirty-one for- j
eign countries were represented among I
the 12,276 students enrolled in the i
University of Wisconsin during 1925-
1926. Nevada and Delaware were the j
only states who sent no students to
Wisconsin.
Lida Rittler, '28, won her way to the
finals of the women's University tennis
championship yesterday when she de
feated Lois Hallman, junior title-win-1
ner, 6-1, 6-1.
By this win, and her previous vie-j
tory over Jean Ward, senior champion,
6-0, 6-2, Rittler is conceded a good
chance of winning the University title.
Margaret Owen, freshman winner, has
also defeated Miss Ward and Miss
Hallman. They will meet on Field Day ,
for the title.
Miss Rittler's steadiness has been
the feature of the tournament this sea
son. This, and her last year's experi
ence, should give her an advantage in
the final match, though Miss Owen's
ability to come fack and overcome
her opponent's lead should even up j

Forty-six states and thirty-one for- j
eign countries were represented among I
the 12,276 students enrolled in the i
University of Wisconsin during 1925-
1926. Nevada and Delaware were the j
only states who sent no students to
Wisconsin.
Lida Rittler, '28, won her way to the
finals of the women's University tennis
championship yesterday when she de
feated Lois Hallman, junior title-win-1
ner, 6-1, 6-1.
By this win, and her previous vie-j
tory over Jean Ward, senior champion,
6-0, 6-2, Rittler is conceded a good
chance of winning the University title.
Margaret Owen, freshman winner, has
also defeated Miss Ward and Miss
Hallman. They will meet on Field Day ,
for the title.
Miss Rittler's steadiness has been
the feature of the tournament this sea
son. This, and her last year's experi
ence, should give her an advantage in
the final match, though Miss Owen's
ability to come fack and overcome
her opponent's lead should even up j

Forty-six states and thirty-one for- j
eign countries were represented among I
the 12,276 students enrolled in the i
University of Wisconsin during 1925-
1926. Nevada and Delaware were the j
only states who sent no students to
Wisconsin.
Lida Rittler, '28, won her way to the
finals of the women's University tennis
championship yesterday when she de
feated Lois Hallman, junior title-win-1
ner, 6-1, 6-1.
By this win, and her previous vie-j
tory over Jean Ward, senior champion,
6-0, 6-2, Rittler is conceded a good
chance of winning the University title.
Margaret Owen, freshman winner, has
also defeated Miss Ward and Miss
Hallman. They will meet on Field Day ,
for the title.
Miss Rittler's steadiness has been
the feature of the tournament this sea
son. This, and her last year's experi
ence, should give her an advantage in
the final match, though Miss Owen's
ability to come fack and overcome
her opponent's lead should even up j

Forty-six states and thirty-one for- j
eign countries were represented among I
the 12,276 students enrolled in the i
University of Wisconsin during 1925-
1926. Nevada and Delaware were the j
only states who sent no students to
Wisconsin.
