# DAILY OPENS PRIZE CONTEST FOR NEW TITLE BANNER LINE
## 
### 
A five-year subscription to the
paper will go to the person sub
mitting the best design for the
front-page title banner head of
"The Stanford Daily" in the con
test now being conducted by Her
shey Rogers, business manager.
The deadline on drawiugs will be
July 1.
All designs must include the
new name, "The Stanford Daily,"
and also the Palo Alto tree. For
further information regarding the
contest all artists should see
Rogers at the business office of
the paper. The editors and man
agers will be judges of all de
signs submitted in the contest.
The five-year subscription to
the winner will be sent to any
place, ire accordance with his de
sire.
A five-year subscription to the
paper will go to the person sub
mitting the best design for the
front-page title banner head of
"The Stanford Daily" in the con
test now being conducted by Her
shey Rogers, business manager.
The deadline on drawiugs will be
July 1.
All designs must include the
new name, "The Stanford Daily,"
and also the Palo Alto tree. For
further information regarding the
contest all artists should see
Rogers at the business office of
the paper. The editors and man
agers will be judges of all de
signs submitted in the contest.
The five-year subscription to
the winner will be sent to any
place, ire accordance with his de
sire.
A five-year subscription to the
paper will go to the person sub
mitting the best design for the
front-page title banner head of
"The Stanford Daily" in the con
test now being conducted by Her
shey Rogers, business manager.
The deadline on drawiugs will be
July 1.
All designs must include the
new name, "The Stanford Daily,"
and also the Palo Alto tree. For
further information regarding the
contest all artists should see
Rogers at the business office of
the paper. The editors and man
agers will be judges of all de
signs submitted in the contest.
The five-year subscription to
the winner will be sent to any
place, ire accordance with his de
sire.
A five-year subscription to the
paper will go to the person sub
mitting the best design for the
front-page title banner head of
"The Stanford Daily" in the con
test now being conducted by Her
shey Rogers, business manager.
The deadline on drawiugs will be
July 1.
All designs must include the
new name, "The Stanford Daily,"
and also the Palo Alto tree. For
further information regarding the
contest all artists should see
Rogers at the business office of
the paper. The editors and man
agers will be judges of all de
signs submitted in the contest.
The five-year subscription to
the winner will be sent to any
place, ire accordance with his de
sire.
A five-year subscription to the
paper will go to the person sub
mitting the best design for the
front-page title banner head of
"The Stanford Daily" in the con
test now being conducted by Her
shey Rogers, business manager.
The deadline on drawiugs will be
July 1.
All designs must include the
new name, "The Stanford Daily,"
and also the Palo Alto tree. For
further information regarding the
contest all artists should see
Rogers at the business office of
the paper. The editors and man
agers will be judges of all de
signs submitted in the contest.
The five-year subscription to
the winner will be sent to any
place, ire accordance with his de
sire.
A five-year subscription to the
paper will go to the person sub
mitting the best design for the
front-page title banner head of
"The Stanford Daily" in the con
test now being conducted by Her
shey Rogers, business manager.
The deadline on drawiugs will be
July 1.
All designs must include the
new name, "The Stanford Daily,"
and also the Palo Alto tree. For
further information regarding the
contest all artists should see
Rogers at the business office of
the paper. The editors and man
agers will be judges of all de
signs submitted in the contest.
The five-year subscription to
the winner will be sent to any
place, ire accordance with his de
sire.
A five-year subscription to the
paper will go to the person sub
mitting the best design for the
front-page title banner head of
"The Stanford Daily" in the con
test now being conducted by Her
shey Rogers, business manager.
The deadline on drawiugs will be
July 1.
All designs must include the
new name, "The Stanford Daily,"
and also the Palo Alto tree. For
further information regarding the
contest all artists should see
Rogers at the business office of
the paper. The editors and man
agers will be judges of all de
signs submitted in the contest.
The five-year subscription to
the winner will be sent to any
place, ire accordance with his de
sire.
A five-year subscription to the
paper will go to the person sub
mitting the best design for the
front-page title banner head of
"The Stanford Daily" in the con
test now being conducted by Her
shey Rogers, business manager.
The deadline on drawiugs will be
July 1.
All designs must include the
new name, "The Stanford Daily,"
and also the Palo Alto tree. For
further information regarding the
contest all artists should see
Rogers at the business office of
the paper. The editors and man
agers will be judges of all de
signs submitted in the contest.
The five-year subscription to
the winner will be sent to any
place, ire accordance with his de
sire.
A five-year subscription to the
paper will go to the person sub
mitting the best design for the
front-page title banner head of
"The Stanford Daily" in the con
test now being conducted by Her
shey Rogers, business manager.
The deadline on drawiugs will be
July 1.
All designs must include the
new name, "The Stanford Daily,"
and also the Palo Alto tree. For
further information regarding the
contest all artists should see
Rogers at the business office of
the paper. The editors and man
agers will be judges of all de
signs submitted in the contest.
The five-year subscription to
the winner will be sent to any
place, ire accordance with his de
sire.
A five-year subscription to the
paper will go to the person sub
mitting the best design for the
front-page title banner head of
"The Stanford Daily" in the con
test now being conducted by Her
shey Rogers, business manager.
The deadline on drawiugs will be
July 1.
All designs must include the
new name, "The Stanford Daily,"
and also the Palo Alto tree. For
further information regarding the
contest all artists should see
Rogers at the business office of
the paper. The editors and man
agers will be judges of all de
signs submitted in the contest.
The five-year subscription to
the winner will be sent to any
place, ire accordance with his de
sire.
A five-year subscription to the
paper will go to the person sub
mitting the best design for the
front-page title banner head of
"The Stanford Daily" in the con
test now being conducted by Her
shey Rogers, business manager.
The deadline on drawiugs will be
July 1.
All designs must include the
new name, "The Stanford Daily,"
and also the Palo Alto tree. For
further information regarding the
contest all artists should see
Rogers at the business office of
the paper. The editors and man
agers will be judges of all de
signs submitted in the contest.
The five-year subscription to
the winner will be sent to any
place, ire accordance with his de
sire.
A five-year subscription to the
paper will go to the person sub
mitting the best design for the
front-page title banner head of
"The Stanford Daily" in the con
test now being conducted by Her
shey Rogers, business manager.
The deadline on drawiugs will be
July 1.
All designs must include the
new name, "The Stanford Daily,"
and also the Palo Alto tree. For
further information regarding the
contest all artists should see
Rogers at the business office of
the paper. The editors and man
agers will be judges of all de
signs submitted in the contest.
The five-year subscription to
the winner will be sent to any
place, ire accordance with his de
sire.
A five-year subscription to the
paper will go to the person sub
mitting the best design for the
front-page title banner head of
"The Stanford Daily" in the con
test now being conducted by Her
shey Rogers, business manager.
The deadline on drawiugs will be
July 1.
All designs must include the
new name, "The Stanford Daily,"
and also the Palo Alto tree. For
further information regarding the
contest all artists should see
Rogers at the business office of
the paper. The editors and man
agers will be judges of all de
signs submitted in the contest.
The five-year subscription to
the winner will be sent to any
place, ire accordance with his de
sire.
A five-year subscription to the
paper will go to the person sub
mitting the best design for the
front-page title banner head of
"The Stanford Daily" in the con
test now being conducted by Her
shey Rogers, business manager.
The deadline on drawiugs will be
July 1.
All designs must include the
new name, "The Stanford Daily,"
and also the Palo Alto tree. For
further information regarding the
contest all artists should see
Rogers at the business office of
the paper. The editors and man
agers will be judges of all de
signs submitted in the contest.
The five-year subscription to
the winner will be sent to any
place, ire accordance with his de
sire.
