# HOWELL NOMINATED EXECUTIVE MANAGER OF ENGINEERS' PAPER
## 
### 
Louis O. Howell, '27, is the sole can
didate nominated for the position of
executive manager of the proposed
Stanford Engineering Journal, al
though a total of fourteen candidates
were selected and approved by the
nominating committee elected at the
Engineers' meeting last Tuesday. How
ell undertook the sponsoring of the
engineering publication.
Ralph H. Brandt and Roland Wight
were nominated for the position of
faculty editor, while H. M. Kirk and
Robert Boynton were selected for
alumni editor. Donald R. Irving and
Burt McKim will run for student edi
tor, Glenn S. Stockbridge for advertis
ing manager, Harvey Lytel, A1 Pering,
and William Fain for secretary-treas
urer, and L. A. Thomas and Prank
Abbott for circulation manager.
Election of the magazine's staff of
ficers will take place next Tuesday at
7:30 o'clock in Room 268. All upper
division and graduate students in En
gineering, Geology, and Mining are
eligible to vote.
