# PLANS COMPLETED FOR C. E. SMOKER
## 
### 
The Civil Engineering Society will
hold a smoker tonight at 7:15 in the
Old Union. Lower division students in
tending to take up civil engineering
are particularly invited to attend.
The program will consist of speeches
hy J. D. Galloway, well-known con
sulting engineer in San Francisco;
Professor C. D. Marx, music by Eli
zalde's orchestra, and a vocal number
by Jack Stratton.
The Civil Engineering Society will
hold a smoker tonight at 7:15 in the
Old Union. Lower division students in
tending to take up civil engineering
are particularly invited to attend.
The program will consist of speeches
hy J. D. Galloway, well-known con
sulting engineer in San Francisco;
Professor C. D. Marx, music by Eli
zalde's orchestra, and a vocal number
by Jack Stratton.
The Civil Engineering Society will
hold a smoker tonight at 7:15 in the
Old Union. Lower division students in
tending to take up civil engineering
are particularly invited to attend.
The program will consist of speeches
hy J. D. Galloway, well-known con
sulting engineer in San Francisco;
Professor C. D. Marx, music by Eli
zalde's orchestra, and a vocal number
by Jack Stratton.
The Civil Engineering Society will
hold a smoker tonight at 7:15 in the
Old Union. Lower division students in
tending to take up civil engineering
are particularly invited to attend.
The program will consist of speeches
hy J. D. Galloway, well-known con
sulting engineer in San Francisco;
Professor C. D. Marx, music by Eli
zalde's orchestra, and a vocal number
by Jack Stratton.
The Civil Engineering Society will
hold a smoker tonight at 7:15 in the
Old Union. Lower division students in
tending to take up civil engineering
are particularly invited to attend.
The program will consist of speeches
hy J. D. Galloway, well-known con
sulting engineer in San Francisco;
Professor C. D. Marx, music by Eli
zalde's orchestra, and a vocal number
by Jack Stratton.
The Civil Engineering Society will
hold a smoker tonight at 7:15 in the
Old Union. Lower division students in
tending to take up civil engineering
are particularly invited to attend.
The program will consist of speeches
hy J. D. Galloway, well-known con
sulting engineer in San Francisco;
Professor C. D. Marx, music by Eli
zalde's orchestra, and a vocal number
by Jack Stratton.
The Civil Engineering Society will
hold a smoker tonight at 7:15 in the
Old Union. Lower division students in
tending to take up civil engineering
are particularly invited to attend.
The program will consist of speeches
hy J. D. Galloway, well-known con
sulting engineer in San Francisco;
Professor C. D. Marx, music by Eli
zalde's orchestra, and a vocal number
by Jack Stratton.
The Civil Engineering Society will
hold a smoker tonight at 7:15 in the
Old Union. Lower division students in
tending to take up civil engineering
are particularly invited to attend.
The program will consist of speeches
hy J. D. Galloway, well-known con
sulting engineer in San Francisco;
Professor C. D. Marx, music by Eli
zalde's orchestra, and a vocal number
by Jack Stratton.
The Civil Engineering Society will
hold a smoker tonight at 7:15 in the
Old Union. Lower division students in
tending to take up civil engineering
are particularly invited to attend.
The program will consist of speeches
hy J. D. Galloway, well-known con
sulting engineer in San Francisco;
Professor C. D. Marx, music by Eli
zalde's orchestra, and a vocal number
by Jack Stratton.
The Civil Engineering Society will
hold a smoker tonight at 7:15 in the
Old Union. Lower division students in
tending to take up civil engineering
are particularly invited to attend.
The program will consist of speeches
hy J. D. Galloway, well-known con
sulting engineer in San Francisco;
Professor C. D. Marx, music by Eli
zalde's orchestra, and a vocal number
by Jack Stratton.
The Civil Engineering Society will
hold a smoker tonight at 7:15 in the
Old Union. Lower division students in
tending to take up civil engineering
are particularly invited to attend.
The program will consist of speeches
hy J. D. Galloway, well-known con
sulting engineer in San Francisco;
Professor C. D. Marx, music by Eli
zalde's orchestra, and a vocal number
by Jack Stratton.
The Civil Engineering Society will
hold a smoker tonight at 7:15 in the
Old Union. Lower division students in
tending to take up civil engineering
are particularly invited to attend.
The program will consist of speeches
hy J. D. Galloway, well-known con
sulting engineer in San Francisco;
Professor C. D. Marx, music by Eli
zalde's orchestra, and a vocal number
by Jack Stratton.
The Civil Engineering Society will
hold a smoker tonight at 7:15 in the
Old Union. Lower division students in
tending to take up civil engineering
are particularly invited to attend.
The program will consist of speeches
hy J. D. Galloway, well-known con
sulting engineer in San Francisco;
Professor C. D. Marx, music by Eli
zalde's orchestra, and a vocal number
by Jack Stratton.
The Civil Engineering Society will
hold a smoker tonight at 7:15 in the
Old Union. Lower division students in
tending to take up civil engineering
are particularly invited to attend.
The program will consist of speeches
hy J. D. Galloway, well-known con
sulting engineer in San Francisco;
Professor C. D. Marx, music by Eli
zalde's orchestra, and a vocal number
by Jack Stratton.
The Civil Engineering Society will
hold a smoker tonight at 7:15 in the
Old Union. Lower division students in
tending to take up civil engineering
are particularly invited to attend.
The program will consist of speeches
hy J. D. Galloway, well-known con
sulting engineer in San Francisco;
Professor C. D. Marx, music by Eli
zalde's orchestra, and a vocal number
by Jack Stratton.
