# PROFESSOR MARTIN PLANS TRIP ABROAD
## 
### 
—•— f
Professor Percy Alvin Martin will g
leave the University in June for a! e
year's trip to Europe and South Amer-'
lea. While abroad Professor Martin f
will study conditions in the various f
countries in which he travels. He will f
bo accompanied by his family and a! c
niece of Melville Anderson Best, who J
was former head of the English de- j
partment. I
—•— f
Professor Percy Alvin Martin will g
leave the University in June for a! e
year's trip to Europe and South Amer-'
lea. While abroad Professor Martin f
will study conditions in the various f
countries in which he travels. He will f
bo accompanied by his family and a! c
niece of Melville Anderson Best, who J
was former head of the English de- j
partment. I
—•— f
Professor Percy Alvin Martin will g
leave the University in June for a! e
year's trip to Europe and South Amer-'
lea. While abroad Professor Martin f
will study conditions in the various f
countries in which he travels. He will f
bo accompanied by his family and a! c
niece of Melville Anderson Best, who J
was former head of the English de- j
partment. I
—•— f
Professor Percy Alvin Martin will g
leave the University in June for a! e
year's trip to Europe and South Amer-'
lea. While abroad Professor Martin f
will study conditions in the various f
countries in which he travels. He will f
bo accompanied by his family and a! c
niece of Melville Anderson Best, who J
was former head of the English de- j
partment. I
—•— f
Professor Percy Alvin Martin will g
leave the University in June for a! e
year's trip to Europe and South Amer-'
lea. While abroad Professor Martin f
will study conditions in the various f
countries in which he travels. He will f
bo accompanied by his family and a! c
niece of Melville Anderson Best, who J
was former head of the English de- j
partment. I
—•— f
Professor Percy Alvin Martin will g
leave the University in June for a! e
year's trip to Europe and South Amer-'
lea. While abroad Professor Martin f
will study conditions in the various f
countries in which he travels. He will f
bo accompanied by his family and a! c
niece of Melville Anderson Best, who J
was former head of the English de- j
partment. I
—•— f
Professor Percy Alvin Martin will g
leave the University in June for a! e
year's trip to Europe and South Amer-'
lea. While abroad Professor Martin f
will study conditions in the various f
countries in which he travels. He will f
bo accompanied by his family and a! c
niece of Melville Anderson Best, who J
was former head of the English de- j
partment. I
—•— f
Professor Percy Alvin Martin will g
leave the University in June for a! e
year's trip to Europe and South Amer-'
lea. While abroad Professor Martin f
will study conditions in the various f
countries in which he travels. He will f
bo accompanied by his family and a! c
niece of Melville Anderson Best, who J
was former head of the English de- j
partment. I
—•— f
Professor Percy Alvin Martin will g
leave the University in June for a! e
year's trip to Europe and South Amer-'
lea. While abroad Professor Martin f
will study conditions in the various f
countries in which he travels. He will f
bo accompanied by his family and a! c
niece of Melville Anderson Best, who J
was former head of the English de- j
partment. I
—•— f
Professor Percy Alvin Martin will g
leave the University in June for a! e
year's trip to Europe and South Amer-'
lea. While abroad Professor Martin f
will study conditions in the various f
countries in which he travels. He will f
bo accompanied by his family and a! c
niece of Melville Anderson Best, who J
was former head of the English de- j
partment. I
—•— f
Professor Percy Alvin Martin will g
leave the University in June for a! e
year's trip to Europe and South Amer-'
lea. While abroad Professor Martin f
will study conditions in the various f
countries in which he travels. He will f
bo accompanied by his family and a! c
niece of Melville Anderson Best, who J
was former head of the English de- j
partment. I
—•— f
Professor Percy Alvin Martin will g
leave the University in June for a! e
year's trip to Europe and South Amer-'
lea. While abroad Professor Martin f
will study conditions in the various f
countries in which he travels. He will f
bo accompanied by his family and a! c
niece of Melville Anderson Best, who J
was former head of the English de- j
partment. I
—•— f
Professor Percy Alvin Martin will g
leave the University in June for a! e
year's trip to Europe and South Amer-'
lea. While abroad Professor Martin f
will study conditions in the various f
countries in which he travels. He will f
bo accompanied by his family and a! c
niece of Melville Anderson Best, who J
was former head of the English de- j
partment. I
—•— f
Professor Percy Alvin Martin will g
leave the University in June for a! e
year's trip to Europe and South Amer-'
lea. While abroad Professor Martin f
will study conditions in the various f
countries in which he travels. He will f
bo accompanied by his family and a! c
niece of Melville Anderson Best, who J
was former head of the English de- j
partment. I
—•— f
Professor Percy Alvin Martin will g
leave the University in June for a! e
year's trip to Europe and South Amer-'
lea. While abroad Professor Martin f
will study conditions in the various f
countries in which he travels. He will f
bo accompanied by his family and a! c
niece of Melville Anderson Best, who J
was former head of the English de- j
partment. I
