# Adv. 18 Page 4
## 
### 
EVERY FRIDAY AT 5 P.M.
'Flaygirl
Fashions
by the pool
A Cocktail Prevue for
young executives
Bikini swimsuits and
lingerie.
STARDUST MOTEL
4320 El Camino
Los Altos
EVERY FRIDAY AT 5 P.M.
'Flaygirl
Fashions
by the pool
A Cocktail Prevue for
young executives
Bikini swimsuits and
lingerie.
STARDUST MOTEL
4320 El Camino
Los Altos
EVERY FRIDAY AT 5 P.M.
'Flaygirl
Fashions
by the pool
A Cocktail Prevue for
young executives
Bikini swimsuits and
lingerie.
STARDUST MOTEL
4320 El Camino
Los Altos
EVERY FRIDAY AT 5 P.M.
'Flaygirl
Fashions
by the pool
A Cocktail Prevue for
young executives
Bikini swimsuits and
lingerie.
STARDUST MOTEL
4320 El Camino
Los Altos
EVERY FRIDAY AT 5 P.M.
'Flaygirl
Fashions
by the pool
A Cocktail Prevue for
young executives
Bikini swimsuits and
lingerie.
STARDUST MOTEL
4320 El Camino
Los Altos
EVERY FRIDAY AT 5 P.M.
'Flaygirl
Fashions
by the pool
A Cocktail Prevue for
young executives
Bikini swimsuits and
lingerie.
STARDUST MOTEL
4320 El Camino
Los Altos
EVERY FRIDAY AT 5 P.M.
'Flaygirl
Fashions
by the pool
A Cocktail Prevue for
young executives
Bikini swimsuits and
lingerie.
STARDUST MOTEL
4320 El Camino
Los Altos
EVERY FRIDAY AT 5 P.M.
'Flaygirl
Fashions
by the pool
A Cocktail Prevue for
young executives
Bikini swimsuits and
lingerie.
STARDUST MOTEL
4320 El Camino
Los Altos
EVERY FRIDAY AT 5 P.M.
'Flaygirl
Fashions
by the pool
A Cocktail Prevue for
young executives
Bikini swimsuits and
lingerie.
STARDUST MOTEL
4320 El Camino
Los Altos
EVERY FRIDAY AT 5 P.M.
'Flaygirl
Fashions
by the pool
A Cocktail Prevue for
young executives
Bikini swimsuits and
lingerie.
STARDUST MOTEL
4320 El Camino
Los Altos
EVERY FRIDAY AT 5 P.M.
'Flaygirl
Fashions
by the pool
A Cocktail Prevue for
young executives
Bikini swimsuits and
lingerie.
STARDUST MOTEL
4320 El Camino
Los Altos
EVERY FRIDAY AT 5 P.M.
'Flaygirl
Fashions
by the pool
A Cocktail Prevue for
young executives
Bikini swimsuits and
lingerie.
STARDUST MOTEL
4320 El Camino
Los Altos
EVERY FRIDAY AT 5 P.M.
'Flaygirl
Fashions
by the pool
A Cocktail Prevue for
young executives
Bikini swimsuits and
lingerie.
STARDUST MOTEL
4320 El Camino
Los Altos
EVERY FRIDAY AT 5 P.M.
'Flaygirl
Fashions
by the pool
A Cocktail Prevue for
young executives
Bikini swimsuits and
lingerie.
STARDUST MOTEL
4320 El Camino
Los Altos
EVERY FRIDAY AT 5 P.M.
'Flaygirl
Fashions
by the pool
A Cocktail Prevue for
young executives
Bikini swimsuits and
lingerie.
STARDUST MOTEL
4320 El Camino
Los Altos
EVERY FRIDAY AT 5 P.M.
'Flaygirl
Fashions
by the pool
A Cocktail Prevue for
young executives
Bikini swimsuits and
lingerie.
STARDUST MOTEL
4320 El Camino
Los Altos
EVERY FRIDAY AT 5 P.M.
'Flaygirl
Fashions
by the pool
A Cocktail Prevue for
young executives
Bikini swimsuits and
lingerie.
STARDUST MOTEL
4320 El Camino
Los Altos
