# U.S. Jets Sent Into Thai land to Back Marines
## 
### 
BANGKOK, Thailand (UPI)
U.S. Air Force jet fighter-bomb
ers flew into Thailand yesterday
to spearhead American military
reinforcements of Thai defenses
against the threat from Commu
nist military units in neighbor
ing Laos.
A U.S. embassy spokesman said
the vanguard of 4,000 now ground
forces ordered in Tuesday by
President Kennedy will be landed
within the “next 24 to 36 hours.”
WHILE 1,800 combat-ready Ma
rines prepared to come ashore
from units of the U.S. 7th Fleet
in the Gulf of Siam, the council
of representatives of the South
east Asia Treaty Organization
(SEATO) met in emergency ses
sion to review the Communist-in
spired crisis.
There were indications that mil
itary moves taken by the United
States already might have dis
couraged further Communist ad
vances in Laos.
THE THREE-MAN interna
tional control commission for
Laos returned to Vientiane from
rebel headquarters in the Plaine
des Janes with a Communist
pledge not to attack the border
town of Ban Houei Sai if royal
government troops did not attack
first.
BANGKOK, Thailand (UPI)
U.S. Air Force jet fighter-bomb
ers flew into Thailand yesterday
to spearhead American military
reinforcements of Thai defenses
against the threat from Commu
nist military units in neighbor
ing Laos.
A U.S. embassy spokesman said
the vanguard of 4,000 now ground
forces ordered in Tuesday by
President Kennedy will be landed
within the “next 24 to 36 hours.”
WHILE 1,800 combat-ready Ma
rines prepared to come ashore
from units of the U.S. 7th Fleet
in the Gulf of Siam, the council
of representatives of the South
east Asia Treaty Organization
(SEATO) met in emergency ses
sion to review the Communist-in
spired crisis.
There were indications that mil
itary moves taken by the United
States already might have dis
couraged further Communist ad
vances in Laos.
THE THREE-MAN interna
tional control commission for
Laos returned to Vientiane from
rebel headquarters in the Plaine
des Janes with a Communist
pledge not to attack the border
town of Ban Houei Sai if royal
government troops did not attack
first.
BANGKOK, Thailand (UPI)
U.S. Air Force jet fighter-bomb
ers flew into Thailand yesterday
to spearhead American military
reinforcements of Thai defenses
against the threat from Commu
nist military units in neighbor
ing Laos.
A U.S. embassy spokesman said
the vanguard of 4,000 now ground
forces ordered in Tuesday by
President Kennedy will be landed
within the “next 24 to 36 hours.”
WHILE 1,800 combat-ready Ma
rines prepared to come ashore
from units of the U.S. 7th Fleet
in the Gulf of Siam, the council
of representatives of the South
east Asia Treaty Organization
(SEATO) met in emergency ses
sion to review the Communist-in
spired crisis.
There were indications that mil
itary moves taken by the United
States already might have dis
couraged further Communist ad
vances in Laos.
THE THREE-MAN interna
tional control commission for
Laos returned to Vientiane from
rebel headquarters in the Plaine
des Janes with a Communist
pledge not to attack the border
town of Ban Houei Sai if royal
government troops did not attack
first.
BANGKOK, Thailand (UPI)
U.S. Air Force jet fighter-bomb
ers flew into Thailand yesterday
to spearhead American military
reinforcements of Thai defenses
against the threat from Commu
nist military units in neighbor
ing Laos.
A U.S. embassy spokesman said
the vanguard of 4,000 now ground
forces ordered in Tuesday by
President Kennedy will be landed
within the “next 24 to 36 hours.”
WHILE 1,800 combat-ready Ma
rines prepared to come ashore
from units of the U.S. 7th Fleet
in the Gulf of Siam, the council
of representatives of the South
east Asia Treaty Organization
(SEATO) met in emergency ses
sion to review the Communist-in
spired crisis.
There were indications that mil
itary moves taken by the United
States already might have dis
couraged further Communist ad
vances in Laos.
THE THREE-MAN interna
tional control commission for
Laos returned to Vientiane from
rebel headquarters in the Plaine
des Janes with a Communist
pledge not to attack the border
town of Ban Houei Sai if royal
government troops did not attack
first.
BANGKOK, Thailand (UPI)
U.S. Air Force jet fighter-bomb
ers flew into Thailand yesterday
to spearhead American military
reinforcements of Thai defenses
against the threat from Commu
nist military units in neighbor
ing Laos.
A U.S. embassy spokesman said
the vanguard of 4,000 now ground
forces ordered in Tuesday by
President Kennedy will be landed
within the “next 24 to 36 hours.”
WHILE 1,800 combat-ready Ma
rines prepared to come ashore
from units of the U.S. 7th Fleet
in the Gulf of Siam, the council
of representatives of the South
east Asia Treaty Organization
(SEATO) met in emergency ses
sion to review the Communist-in
spired crisis.
There were indications that mil
itary moves taken by the United
States already might have dis
couraged further Communist ad
vances in Laos.
THE THREE-MAN interna
tional control commission for
Laos returned to Vientiane from
rebel headquarters in the Plaine
des Janes with a Communist
pledge not to attack the border
town of Ban Houei Sai if royal
government troops did not attack
first.
BANGKOK, Thailand (UPI)
U.S. Air Force jet fighter-bomb
ers flew into Thailand yesterday
to spearhead American military
reinforcements of Thai defenses
against the threat from Commu
nist military units in neighbor
ing Laos.
A U.S. embassy spokesman said
the vanguard of 4,000 now ground
forces ordered in Tuesday by
President Kennedy will be landed
within the “next 24 to 36 hours.”
WHILE 1,800 combat-ready Ma
rines prepared to come ashore
from units of the U.S. 7th Fleet
in the Gulf of Siam, the council
of representatives of the South
east Asia Treaty Organization
(SEATO) met in emergency ses
sion to review the Communist-in
spired crisis.
There were indications that mil
itary moves taken by the United
States already might have dis
couraged further Communist ad
vances in Laos.
THE THREE-MAN interna
tional control commission for
Laos returned to Vientiane from
rebel headquarters in the Plaine
des Janes with a Communist
pledge not to attack the border
town of Ban Houei Sai if royal
government troops did not attack
first.
BANGKOK, Thailand (UPI)
U.S. Air Force jet fighter-bomb
ers flew into Thailand yesterday
to spearhead American military
reinforcements of Thai defenses
against the threat from Commu
nist military units in neighbor
ing Laos.
A U.S. embassy spokesman said
the vanguard of 4,000 now ground
forces ordered in Tuesday by
President Kennedy will be landed
within the “next 24 to 36 hours.”
WHILE 1,800 combat-ready Ma
rines prepared to come ashore
from units of the U.S. 7th Fleet
in the Gulf of Siam, the council
of representatives of the South
east Asia Treaty Organization
(SEATO) met in emergency ses
sion to review the Communist-in
spired crisis.
There were indications that mil
itary moves taken by the United
States already might have dis
couraged further Communist ad
vances in Laos.
THE THREE-MAN interna
tional control commission for
Laos returned to Vientiane from
rebel headquarters in the Plaine
des Janes with a Communist
pledge not to attack the border
town of Ban Houei Sai if royal
government troops did not attack
first.
BANGKOK, Thailand (UPI)
U.S. Air Force jet fighter-bomb
ers flew into Thailand yesterday
to spearhead American military
reinforcements of Thai defenses
against the threat from Commu
nist military units in neighbor
ing Laos.
A U.S. embassy spokesman said
the vanguard of 4,000 now ground
forces ordered in Tuesday by
President Kennedy will be landed
within the “next 24 to 36 hours.”
WHILE 1,800 combat-ready Ma
rines prepared to come ashore
from units of the U.S. 7th Fleet
in the Gulf of Siam, the council
of representatives of the South
east Asia Treaty Organization
(SEATO) met in emergency ses
sion to review the Communist-in
spired crisis.
There were indications that mil
itary moves taken by the United
States already might have dis
couraged further Communist ad
vances in Laos.
THE THREE-MAN interna
tional control commission for
Laos returned to Vientiane from
rebel headquarters in the Plaine
des Janes with a Communist
pledge not to attack the border
town of Ban Houei Sai if royal
government troops did not attack
first.
BANGKOK, Thailand (UPI)
U.S. Air Force jet fighter-bomb
ers flew into Thailand yesterday
to spearhead American military
reinforcements of Thai defenses
against the threat from Commu
nist military units in neighbor
ing Laos.
A U.S. embassy spokesman said
the vanguard of 4,000 now ground
forces ordered in Tuesday by
President Kennedy will be landed
within the “next 24 to 36 hours.”
WHILE 1,800 combat-ready Ma
rines prepared to come ashore
from units of the U.S. 7th Fleet
in the Gulf of Siam, the council
of representatives of the South
east Asia Treaty Organization
(SEATO) met in emergency ses
sion to review the Communist-in
spired crisis.
There were indications that mil
itary moves taken by the United
States already might have dis
couraged further Communist ad
vances in Laos.
THE THREE-MAN interna
tional control commission for
Laos returned to Vientiane from
rebel headquarters in the Plaine
des Janes with a Communist
pledge not to attack the border
town of Ban Houei Sai if royal
government troops did not attack
first.
BANGKOK, Thailand (UPI)
U.S. Air Force jet fighter-bomb
ers flew into Thailand yesterday
to spearhead American military
reinforcements of Thai defenses
against the threat from Commu
nist military units in neighbor
ing Laos.
A U.S. embassy spokesman said
the vanguard of 4,000 now ground
forces ordered in Tuesday by
President Kennedy will be landed
within the “next 24 to 36 hours.”
WHILE 1,800 combat-ready Ma
rines prepared to come ashore
from units of the U.S. 7th Fleet
in the Gulf of Siam, the council
of representatives of the South
east Asia Treaty Organization
(SEATO) met in emergency ses
sion to review the Communist-in
spired crisis.
There were indications that mil
itary moves taken by the United
States already might have dis
couraged further Communist ad
vances in Laos.
THE THREE-MAN interna
tional control commission for
Laos returned to Vientiane from
rebel headquarters in the Plaine
des Janes with a Communist
pledge not to attack the border
town of Ban Houei Sai if royal
government troops did not attack
first.
BANGKOK, Thailand (UPI)
U.S. Air Force jet fighter-bomb
ers flew into Thailand yesterday
to spearhead American military
reinforcements of Thai defenses
against the threat from Commu
nist military units in neighbor
ing Laos.
A U.S. embassy spokesman said
the vanguard of 4,000 now ground
forces ordered in Tuesday by
President Kennedy will be landed
within the “next 24 to 36 hours.”
WHILE 1,800 combat-ready Ma
rines prepared to come ashore
from units of the U.S. 7th Fleet
in the Gulf of Siam, the council
of representatives of the South
east Asia Treaty Organization
(SEATO) met in emergency ses
sion to review the Communist-in
spired crisis.
There were indications that mil
itary moves taken by the United
States already might have dis
couraged further Communist ad
vances in Laos.
THE THREE-MAN interna
tional control commission for
Laos returned to Vientiane from
rebel headquarters in the Plaine
des Janes with a Communist
pledge not to attack the border
town of Ban Houei Sai if royal
government troops did not attack
first.
BANGKOK, Thailand (UPI)
U.S. Air Force jet fighter-bomb
ers flew into Thailand yesterday
to spearhead American military
reinforcements of Thai defenses
against the threat from Commu
nist military units in neighbor
ing Laos.
A U.S. embassy spokesman said
the vanguard of 4,000 now ground
forces ordered in Tuesday by
President Kennedy will be landed
within the “next 24 to 36 hours.”
WHILE 1,800 combat-ready Ma
rines prepared to come ashore
from units of the U.S. 7th Fleet
in the Gulf of Siam, the council
of representatives of the South
east Asia Treaty Organization
(SEATO) met in emergency ses
sion to review the Communist-in
spired crisis.
There were indications that mil
itary moves taken by the United
States already might have dis
couraged further Communist ad
vances in Laos.
THE THREE-MAN interna
tional control commission for
Laos returned to Vientiane from
rebel headquarters in the Plaine
des Janes with a Communist
pledge not to attack the border
town of Ban Houei Sai if royal
government troops did not attack
first.
BANGKOK, Thailand (UPI)
U.S. Air Force jet fighter-bomb
ers flew into Thailand yesterday
to spearhead American military
reinforcements of Thai defenses
against the threat from Commu
nist military units in neighbor
ing Laos.
A U.S. embassy spokesman said
the vanguard of 4,000 now ground
forces ordered in Tuesday by
President Kennedy will be landed
within the “next 24 to 36 hours.”
WHILE 1,800 combat-ready Ma
rines prepared to come ashore
from units of the U.S. 7th Fleet
in the Gulf of Siam, the council
of representatives of the South
east Asia Treaty Organization
(SEATO) met in emergency ses
sion to review the Communist-in
spired crisis.
There were indications that mil
itary moves taken by the United
States already might have dis
couraged further Communist ad
vances in Laos.
THE THREE-MAN interna
tional control commission for
Laos returned to Vientiane from
rebel headquarters in the Plaine
des Janes with a Communist
pledge not to attack the border
town of Ban Houei Sai if royal
government troops did not attack
first.
BANGKOK, Thailand (UPI)
U.S. Air Force jet fighter-bomb
ers flew into Thailand yesterday
to spearhead American military
reinforcements of Thai defenses
against the threat from Commu
nist military units in neighbor
ing Laos.
A U.S. embassy spokesman said
the vanguard of 4,000 now ground
forces ordered in Tuesday by
President Kennedy will be landed
within the “next 24 to 36 hours.”
WHILE 1,800 combat-ready Ma
rines prepared to come ashore
from units of the U.S. 7th Fleet
in the Gulf of Siam, the council
of representatives of the South
east Asia Treaty Organization
(SEATO) met in emergency ses
sion to review the Communist-in
spired crisis.
There were indications that mil
itary moves taken by the United
States already might have dis
couraged further Communist ad
vances in Laos.
THE THREE-MAN interna
tional control commission for
Laos returned to Vientiane from
rebel headquarters in the Plaine
des Janes with a Communist
pledge not to attack the border
town of Ban Houei Sai if royal
government troops did not attack
first.
BANGKOK, Thailand (UPI)
U.S. Air Force jet fighter-bomb
ers flew into Thailand yesterday
to spearhead American military
reinforcements of Thai defenses
against the threat from Commu
nist military units in neighbor
ing Laos.
A U.S. embassy spokesman said
the vanguard of 4,000 now ground
forces ordered in Tuesday by
President Kennedy will be landed
within the “next 24 to 36 hours.”
WHILE 1,800 combat-ready Ma
rines prepared to come ashore
from units of the U.S. 7th Fleet
in the Gulf of Siam, the council
of representatives of the South
east Asia Treaty Organization
(SEATO) met in emergency ses
sion to review the Communist-in
spired crisis.
There were indications that mil
itary moves taken by the United
States already might have dis
couraged further Communist ad
vances in Laos.
THE THREE-MAN interna
tional control commission for
Laos returned to Vientiane from
rebel headquarters in the Plaine
des Janes with a Communist
pledge not to attack the border
town of Ban Houei Sai if royal
government troops did not attack
first.
BANGKOK, Thailand (UPI)
U.S. Air Force jet fighter-bomb
ers flew into Thailand yesterday
to spearhead American military
reinforcements of Thai defenses
against the threat from Commu
nist military units in neighbor
ing Laos.
A U.S. embassy spokesman said
the vanguard of 4,000 now ground
forces ordered in Tuesday by
President Kennedy will be landed
within the “next 24 to 36 hours.”
WHILE 1,800 combat-ready Ma
rines prepared to come ashore
from units of the U.S. 7th Fleet
in the Gulf of Siam, the council
of representatives of the South
east Asia Treaty Organization
(SEATO) met in emergency ses
sion to review the Communist-in
spired crisis.
There were indications that mil
itary moves taken by the United
States already might have dis
couraged further Communist ad
vances in Laos.
THE THREE-MAN interna
tional control commission for
Laos returned to Vientiane from
rebel headquarters in the Plaine
des Janes with a Communist
pledge not to attack the border
town of Ban Houei Sai if royal
government troops did not attack
first.
BANGKOK, Thailand (UPI)
U.S. Air Force jet fighter-bomb
ers flew into Thailand yesterday
to spearhead American military
reinforcements of Thai defenses
against the threat from Commu
nist military units in neighbor
ing Laos.
A U.S. embassy spokesman said
the vanguard of 4,000 now ground
forces ordered in Tuesday by
President Kennedy will be landed
within the “next 24 to 36 hours.”
WHILE 1,800 combat-ready Ma
rines prepared to come ashore
from units of the U.S. 7th Fleet
in the Gulf of Siam, the council
of representatives of the South
east Asia Treaty Organization
(SEATO) met in emergency ses
sion to review the Communist-in
spired crisis.
There were indications that mil
itary moves taken by the United
States already might have dis
couraged further Communist ad
vances in Laos.
THE THREE-MAN interna
tional control commission for
Laos returned to Vientiane from
rebel headquarters in the Plaine
des Janes with a Communist
pledge not to attack the border
town of Ban Houei Sai if royal
government troops did not attack
first.
