# Untitled Article
## 
### 

JACK ALLEN has been alternating with Bob Hollman as starting
Stanford first baseman lately. Allen leads the Cards in triples and
has been consistently around the ,250 batting mark.

JACK ALLEN has been alternating with Bob Hollman as starting
Stanford first baseman lately. Allen leads the Cards in triples and
has been consistently around the ,250 batting mark.

JACK ALLEN has been alternating with Bob Hollman as starting
Stanford first baseman lately. Allen leads the Cards in triples and
has been consistently around the ,250 batting mark.

JACK ALLEN has been alternating with Bob Hollman as starting
Stanford first baseman lately. Allen leads the Cards in triples and
has been consistently around the ,250 batting mark.

JACK ALLEN has been alternating with Bob Hollman as starting
Stanford first baseman lately. Allen leads the Cards in triples and
has been consistently around the ,250 batting mark.

JACK ALLEN has been alternating with Bob Hollman as starting
Stanford first baseman lately. Allen leads the Cards in triples and
has been consistently around the ,250 batting mark.

JACK ALLEN has been alternating with Bob Hollman as starting
Stanford first baseman lately. Allen leads the Cards in triples and
has been consistently around the ,250 batting mark.

JACK ALLEN has been alternating with Bob Hollman as starting
Stanford first baseman lately. Allen leads the Cards in triples and
has been consistently around the ,250 batting mark.

JACK ALLEN has been alternating with Bob Hollman as starting
Stanford first baseman lately. Allen leads the Cards in triples and
has been consistently around the ,250 batting mark.

JACK ALLEN has been alternating with Bob Hollman as starting
Stanford first baseman lately. Allen leads the Cards in triples and
has been consistently around the ,250 batting mark.

JACK ALLEN has been alternating with Bob Hollman as starting
Stanford first baseman lately. Allen leads the Cards in triples and
has been consistently around the ,250 batting mark.

JACK ALLEN has been alternating with Bob Hollman as starting
Stanford first baseman lately. Allen leads the Cards in triples and
has been consistently around the ,250 batting mark.

JACK ALLEN has been alternating with Bob Hollman as starting
Stanford first baseman lately. Allen leads the Cards in triples and
has been consistently around the ,250 batting mark.

JACK ALLEN has been alternating with Bob Hollman as starting
Stanford first baseman lately. Allen leads the Cards in triples and
has been consistently around the ,250 batting mark.

JACK ALLEN has been alternating with Bob Hollman as starting
Stanford first baseman lately. Allen leads the Cards in triples and
has been consistently around the ,250 batting mark.

JACK ALLEN has been alternating with Bob Hollman as starting
Stanford first baseman lately. Allen leads the Cards in triples and
has been consistently around the ,250 batting mark.

JACK ALLEN has been alternating with Bob Hollman as starting
Stanford first baseman lately. Allen leads the Cards in triples and
has been consistently around the ,250 batting mark.
