# Letters to the Editor
## 
### 
WIRE OR WRITE
Editor, The Daily:
We should like to urge those of
our colleagues who believe that
scientists, administrators, and
statesmen in the AEC, Defense,
and State Departments are in the
best position to determine wheth
er atmospheric testing of nuclear
weapons is essential to the securi
ty of this country to write or wire
the President urging him to ig
nore the advice of individuals or

groups having little factual in
formation on the subject.
Robert B. Ward
Paul O. Schcibo
Kdward Wong
Michael C. Swiontek
BOOKS FOR AFRICA
Editor, The Daily:
I wish to thank all those people
who contributed their time and
energy to moving the Africa

Desk’s 75,000 books. I especially
am grateful to those people who
spent the whole 17 hours with us.
Although the size of the job was
monumental, it was accomplished
with skill and amazing speed. We
are very grateful to these people
for their help.
•Tames Haas
Chairman, Rooks
for Africa Project
WIRE OR WRITE
Editor, The Daily:
We should like to urge those of
our colleagues who believe that
scientists, administrators, and
statesmen in the AEC, Defense,
and State Departments are in the
best position to determine wheth
er atmospheric testing of nuclear
weapons is essential to the securi
ty of this country to write or wire
the President urging him to ig
nore the advice of individuals or

groups having little factual in
formation on the subject.
Robert B. Ward
Paul O. Schcibo
Kdward Wong
Michael C. Swiontek
BOOKS FOR AFRICA
Editor, The Daily:
I wish to thank all those people
who contributed their time and
energy to moving the Africa

Desk’s 75,000 books. I especially
am grateful to those people who
spent the whole 17 hours with us.
Although the size of the job was
monumental, it was accomplished
with skill and amazing speed. We
are very grateful to these people
for their help.
•Tames Haas
Chairman, Rooks
for Africa Project
WIRE OR WRITE
Editor, The Daily:
We should like to urge those of
our colleagues who believe that
scientists, administrators, and
statesmen in the AEC, Defense,
and State Departments are in the
best position to determine wheth
er atmospheric testing of nuclear
weapons is essential to the securi
ty of this country to write or wire
the President urging him to ig
nore the advice of individuals or

groups having little factual in
formation on the subject.
Robert B. Ward
Paul O. Schcibo
Kdward Wong
Michael C. Swiontek
BOOKS FOR AFRICA
Editor, The Daily:
I wish to thank all those people
who contributed their time and
energy to moving the Africa

Desk’s 75,000 books. I especially
am grateful to those people who
spent the whole 17 hours with us.
Although the size of the job was
monumental, it was accomplished
with skill and amazing speed. We
are very grateful to these people
for their help.
•Tames Haas
Chairman, Rooks
for Africa Project
WIRE OR WRITE
Editor, The Daily:
We should like to urge those of
our colleagues who believe that
scientists, administrators, and
statesmen in the AEC, Defense,
and State Departments are in the
best position to determine wheth
er atmospheric testing of nuclear
weapons is essential to the securi
ty of this country to write or wire
the President urging him to ig
nore the advice of individuals or

groups having little factual in
formation on the subject.
Robert B. Ward
Paul O. Schcibo
Kdward Wong
Michael C. Swiontek
BOOKS FOR AFRICA
Editor, The Daily:
I wish to thank all those people
who contributed their time and
energy to moving the Africa

Desk’s 75,000 books. I especially
am grateful to those people who
spent the whole 17 hours with us.
Although the size of the job was
monumental, it was accomplished
with skill and amazing speed. We
are very grateful to these people
for their help.
•Tames Haas
Chairman, Rooks
for Africa Project
WIRE OR WRITE
Editor, The Daily:
We should like to urge those of
our colleagues who believe that
scientists, administrators, and
statesmen in the AEC, Defense,
and State Departments are in the
best position to determine wheth
er atmospheric testing of nuclear
weapons is essential to the securi
ty of this country to write or wire
the President urging him to ig
nore the advice of individuals or

groups having little factual in
formation on the subject.
Robert B. Ward
Paul O. Schcibo
Kdward Wong
Michael C. Swiontek
BOOKS FOR AFRICA
Editor, The Daily:
I wish to thank all those people
who contributed their time and
energy to moving the Africa

Desk’s 75,000 books. I especially
am grateful to those people who
spent the whole 17 hours with us.
Although the size of the job was
monumental, it was accomplished
with skill and amazing speed. We
are very grateful to these people
for their help.
•Tames Haas
Chairman, Rooks
for Africa Project
WIRE OR WRITE
Editor, The Daily:
We should like to urge those of
our colleagues who believe that
scientists, administrators, and
statesmen in the AEC, Defense,
and State Departments are in the
best position to determine wheth
er atmospheric testing of nuclear
weapons is essential to the securi
ty of this country to write or wire
the President urging him to ig
nore the advice of individuals or

groups having little factual in
formation on the subject.
Robert B. Ward
Paul O. Schcibo
Kdward Wong
Michael C. Swiontek
BOOKS FOR AFRICA
Editor, The Daily:
I wish to thank all those people
who contributed their time and
energy to moving the Africa

Desk’s 75,000 books. I especially
am grateful to those people who
spent the whole 17 hours with us.
Although the size of the job was
monumental, it was accomplished
with skill and amazing speed. We
are very grateful to these people
for their help.
•Tames Haas
Chairman, Rooks
for Africa Project
WIRE OR WRITE
Editor, The Daily:
We should like to urge those of
our colleagues who believe that
scientists, administrators, and
statesmen in the AEC, Defense,
and State Departments are in the
best position to determine wheth
er atmospheric testing of nuclear
weapons is essential to the securi
ty of this country to write or wire
the President urging him to ig
nore the advice of individuals or

groups having little factual in
formation on the subject.
Robert B. Ward
Paul O. Schcibo
Kdward Wong
Michael C. Swiontek
BOOKS FOR AFRICA
Editor, The Daily:
I wish to thank all those people
who contributed their time and
energy to moving the Africa

Desk’s 75,000 books. I especially
am grateful to those people who
spent the whole 17 hours with us.
Although the size of the job was
monumental, it was accomplished
with skill and amazing speed. We
are very grateful to these people
for their help.
•Tames Haas
Chairman, Rooks
for Africa Project
WIRE OR WRITE
Editor, The Daily:
We should like to urge those of
our colleagues who believe that
scientists, administrators, and
statesmen in the AEC, Defense,
and State Departments are in the
best position to determine wheth
er atmospheric testing of nuclear
weapons is essential to the securi
ty of this country to write or wire
the President urging him to ig
nore the advice of individuals or

groups having little factual in
formation on the subject.
Robert B. Ward
Paul O. Schcibo
Kdward Wong
Michael C. Swiontek
BOOKS FOR AFRICA
Editor, The Daily:
I wish to thank all those people
who contributed their time and
energy to moving the Africa

Desk’s 75,000 books. I especially
am grateful to those people who
spent the whole 17 hours with us.
Although the size of the job was
monumental, it was accomplished
with skill and amazing speed. We
are very grateful to these people
for their help.
•Tames Haas
Chairman, Rooks
for Africa Project
WIRE OR WRITE
Editor, The Daily:
We should like to urge those of
our colleagues who believe that
scientists, administrators, and
statesmen in the AEC, Defense,
and State Departments are in the
best position to determine wheth
er atmospheric testing of nuclear
weapons is essential to the securi
ty of this country to write or wire
the President urging him to ig
nore the advice of individuals or

groups having little factual in
formation on the subject.
Robert B. Ward
Paul O. Schcibo
Kdward Wong
Michael C. Swiontek
BOOKS FOR AFRICA
Editor, The Daily:
I wish to thank all those people
who contributed their time and
energy to moving the Africa

Desk’s 75,000 books. I especially
am grateful to those people who
spent the whole 17 hours with us.
Although the size of the job was
monumental, it was accomplished
with skill and amazing speed. We
are very grateful to these people
for their help.
•Tames Haas
Chairman, Rooks
for Africa Project
WIRE OR WRITE
Editor, The Daily:
We should like to urge those of
our colleagues who believe that
scientists, administrators, and
statesmen in the AEC, Defense,
and State Departments are in the
best position to determine wheth
er atmospheric testing of nuclear
weapons is essential to the securi
ty of this country to write or wire
the President urging him to ig
nore the advice of individuals or

groups having little factual in
formation on the subject.
Robert B. Ward
Paul O. Schcibo
Kdward Wong
Michael C. Swiontek
BOOKS FOR AFRICA
Editor, The Daily:
I wish to thank all those people
who contributed their time and
energy to moving the Africa

Desk’s 75,000 books. I especially
am grateful to those people who
spent the whole 17 hours with us.
Although the size of the job was
monumental, it was accomplished
with skill and amazing speed. We
are very grateful to these people
for their help.
•Tames Haas
Chairman, Rooks
for Africa Project
WIRE OR WRITE
Editor, The Daily:
We should like to urge those of
our colleagues who believe that
scientists, administrators, and
statesmen in the AEC, Defense,
and State Departments are in the
best position to determine wheth
er atmospheric testing of nuclear
weapons is essential to the securi
ty of this country to write or wire
the President urging him to ig
nore the advice of individuals or

groups having little factual in
formation on the subject.
Robert B. Ward
Paul O. Schcibo
Kdward Wong
Michael C. Swiontek
BOOKS FOR AFRICA
Editor, The Daily:
I wish to thank all those people
who contributed their time and
energy to moving the Africa

Desk’s 75,000 books. I especially
am grateful to those people who
spent the whole 17 hours with us.
Although the size of the job was
monumental, it was accomplished
with skill and amazing speed. We
are very grateful to these people
for their help.
•Tames Haas
Chairman, Rooks
for Africa Project
WIRE OR WRITE
Editor, The Daily:
We should like to urge those of
our colleagues who believe that
scientists, administrators, and
statesmen in the AEC, Defense,
and State Departments are in the
best position to determine wheth
er atmospheric testing of nuclear
weapons is essential to the securi
ty of this country to write or wire
the President urging him to ig
nore the advice of individuals or

groups having little factual in
formation on the subject.
Robert B. Ward
Paul O. Schcibo
Kdward Wong
Michael C. Swiontek
BOOKS FOR AFRICA
Editor, The Daily:
I wish to thank all those people
who contributed their time and
energy to moving the Africa

Desk’s 75,000 books. I especially
am grateful to those people who
spent the whole 17 hours with us.
Although the size of the job was
monumental, it was accomplished
with skill and amazing speed. We
are very grateful to these people
for their help.
•Tames Haas
Chairman, Rooks
for Africa Project
WIRE OR WRITE
Editor, The Daily:
We should like to urge those of
our colleagues who believe that
scientists, administrators, and
statesmen in the AEC, Defense,
and State Departments are in the
best position to determine wheth
er atmospheric testing of nuclear
weapons is essential to the securi
ty of this country to write or wire
the President urging him to ig
nore the advice of individuals or

groups having little factual in
formation on the subject.
Robert B. Ward
Paul O. Schcibo
Kdward Wong
Michael C. Swiontek
BOOKS FOR AFRICA
Editor, The Daily:
I wish to thank all those people
who contributed their time and
energy to moving the Africa

Desk’s 75,000 books. I especially
am grateful to those people who
spent the whole 17 hours with us.
Although the size of the job was
monumental, it was accomplished
with skill and amazing speed. We
are very grateful to these people
for their help.
•Tames Haas
Chairman, Rooks
for Africa Project
WIRE OR WRITE
Editor, The Daily:
We should like to urge those of
our colleagues who believe that
scientists, administrators, and
statesmen in the AEC, Defense,
and State Departments are in the
best position to determine wheth
er atmospheric testing of nuclear
weapons is essential to the securi
ty of this country to write or wire
the President urging him to ig
nore the advice of individuals or

groups having little factual in
formation on the subject.
Robert B. Ward
Paul O. Schcibo
Kdward Wong
Michael C. Swiontek
BOOKS FOR AFRICA
Editor, The Daily:
I wish to thank all those people
who contributed their time and
energy to moving the Africa

Desk’s 75,000 books. I especially
am grateful to those people who
spent the whole 17 hours with us.
Although the size of the job was
monumental, it was accomplished
with skill and amazing speed. We
are very grateful to these people
for their help.
•Tames Haas
Chairman, Rooks
for Africa Project
WIRE OR WRITE
Editor, The Daily:
We should like to urge those of
our colleagues who believe that
scientists, administrators, and
statesmen in the AEC, Defense,
and State Departments are in the
best position to determine wheth
er atmospheric testing of nuclear
weapons is essential to the securi
ty of this country to write or wire
the President urging him to ig
nore the advice of individuals or

groups having little factual in
formation on the subject.
Robert B. Ward
Paul O. Schcibo
Kdward Wong
Michael C. Swiontek
BOOKS FOR AFRICA
Editor, The Daily:
I wish to thank all those people
who contributed their time and
energy to moving the Africa

Desk’s 75,000 books. I especially
am grateful to those people who
spent the whole 17 hours with us.
Although the size of the job was
monumental, it was accomplished
with skill and amazing speed. We
are very grateful to these people
for their help.
•Tames Haas
Chairman, Rooks
for Africa Project
WIRE OR WRITE
Editor, The Daily:
We should like to urge those of
our colleagues who believe that
scientists, administrators, and
statesmen in the AEC, Defense,
and State Departments are in the
best position to determine wheth
er atmospheric testing of nuclear
weapons is essential to the securi
ty of this country to write or wire
the President urging him to ig
nore the advice of individuals or

groups having little factual in
formation on the subject.
Robert B. Ward
Paul O. Schcibo
Kdward Wong
Michael C. Swiontek
BOOKS FOR AFRICA
Editor, The Daily:
I wish to thank all those people
who contributed their time and
energy to moving the Africa

Desk’s 75,000 books. I especially
am grateful to those people who
spent the whole 17 hours with us.
Although the size of the job was
monumental, it was accomplished
with skill and amazing speed. We
are very grateful to these people
for their help.
•Tames Haas
Chairman, Rooks
for Africa Project
WIRE OR WRITE
Editor, The Daily:
We should like to urge those of
our colleagues who believe that
scientists, administrators, and
statesmen in the AEC, Defense,
and State Departments are in the
best position to determine wheth
er atmospheric testing of nuclear
weapons is essential to the securi
ty of this country to write or wire
the President urging him to ig
nore the advice of individuals or

groups having little factual in
formation on the subject.
Robert B. Ward
Paul O. Schcibo
Kdward Wong
Michael C. Swiontek
BOOKS FOR AFRICA
Editor, The Daily:
I wish to thank all those people
who contributed their time and
energy to moving the Africa

Desk’s 75,000 books. I especially
am grateful to those people who
spent the whole 17 hours with us.
Although the size of the job was
monumental, it was accomplished
with skill and amazing speed. We
are very grateful to these people
for their help.
•Tames Haas
Chairman, Rooks
for Africa Project
