# WELCOME BY DR. JORDAN WILL FEATURE ASSEMBLY.
## Student Adviser Schaupp Will Assist President in Extending Greeting to Students. 
### 
President Jordan will be welcomed
by undergraduates and new students
tomorrow in the first Assembly of the'
semester at 11:15, and will reciprocate
that welcome of the students in his
own hearty way. All 11:15 classes will
be omitted that all the students may
gather in Assembly.
Karl Schaupp, Student Adviser and
ex-president of the student body, will
assist President Jordan in extending
the welcome for the college year. As
tomorrow will be Student Adviser
Schaupp's first appearance on the As
sembly platform in his new capacity,
he will explain the relations of the
Student Adviser to the student body
for the benefit of the new students.
As the entering classes always are
the particular interest of President
Jordan, he probably will preside at
the first Assembly himself, and will
start the get-acquainted habit with
the new students in his own inimitable
way.
After a summer spent in touring the
Southern and Eastern states in the
interest of the World's Peace Founda
tion, President Jordan has entered
into the work of the college year as
enthusiastically as heretofore, with
the true Stanford Spirit of get-to
gether. He will be ready to dispense
it at tomorrow's Assembly.
Yell-leader W. S. Wilson will start
the noise at the opening of the
Assembly.
President Jordan will be welcomed
by undergraduates and new students
tomorrow in the first Assembly of the'
semester at 11:15, and will reciprocate
that welcome of the students in his
own hearty way. All 11:15 classes will
be omitted that all the students may
gather in Assembly.
Karl Schaupp, Student Adviser and
ex-president of the student body, will
assist President Jordan in extending
the welcome for the college year. As
tomorrow will be Student Adviser
Schaupp's first appearance on the As
sembly platform in his new capacity,
he will explain the relations of the
Student Adviser to the student body
for the benefit of the new students.
As the entering classes always are
the particular interest of President
Jordan, he probably will preside at
the first Assembly himself, and will
start the get-acquainted habit with
the new students in his own inimitable
way.
After a summer spent in touring the
Southern and Eastern states in the
interest of the World's Peace Founda
tion, President Jordan has entered
into the work of the college year as
enthusiastically as heretofore, with
the true Stanford Spirit of get-to
gether. He will be ready to dispense
it at tomorrow's Assembly.
Yell-leader W. S. Wilson will start
the noise at the opening of the
Assembly.
President Jordan will be welcomed
by undergraduates and new students
tomorrow in the first Assembly of the'
semester at 11:15, and will reciprocate
that welcome of the students in his
own hearty way. All 11:15 classes will
be omitted that all the students may
gather in Assembly.
Karl Schaupp, Student Adviser and
ex-president of the student body, will
assist President Jordan in extending
the welcome for the college year. As
tomorrow will be Student Adviser
Schaupp's first appearance on the As
sembly platform in his new capacity,
he will explain the relations of the
Student Adviser to the student body
for the benefit of the new students.
As the entering classes always are
the particular interest of President
Jordan, he probably will preside at
the first Assembly himself, and will
start the get-acquainted habit with
the new students in his own inimitable
way.
After a summer spent in touring the
Southern and Eastern states in the
interest of the World's Peace Founda
tion, President Jordan has entered
into the work of the college year as
enthusiastically as heretofore, with
the true Stanford Spirit of get-to
gether. He will be ready to dispense
it at tomorrow's Assembly.
Yell-leader W. S. Wilson will start
the noise at the opening of the
Assembly.
President Jordan will be welcomed
by undergraduates and new students
tomorrow in the first Assembly of the'
semester at 11:15, and will reciprocate
that welcome of the students in his
own hearty way. All 11:15 classes will
be omitted that all the students may
gather in Assembly.
Karl Schaupp, Student Adviser and
ex-president of the student body, will
assist President Jordan in extending
the welcome for the college year. As
tomorrow will be Student Adviser
Schaupp's first appearance on the As
sembly platform in his new capacity,
he will explain the relations of the
Student Adviser to the student body
for the benefit of the new students.
As the entering classes always are
the particular interest of President
Jordan, he probably will preside at
the first Assembly himself, and will
start the get-acquainted habit with
the new students in his own inimitable
way.
After a summer spent in touring the
Southern and Eastern states in the
interest of the World's Peace Founda
tion, President Jordan has entered
into the work of the college year as
enthusiastically as heretofore, with
the true Stanford Spirit of get-to
gether. He will be ready to dispense
it at tomorrow's Assembly.
Yell-leader W. S. Wilson will start
the noise at the opening of the
Assembly.
President Jordan will be welcomed
by undergraduates and new students
tomorrow in the first Assembly of the'
semester at 11:15, and will reciprocate
that welcome of the students in his
own hearty way. All 11:15 classes will
be omitted that all the students may
gather in Assembly.
Karl Schaupp, Student Adviser and
ex-president of the student body, will
assist President Jordan in extending
the welcome for the college year. As
tomorrow will be Student Adviser
Schaupp's first appearance on the As
sembly platform in his new capacity,
he will explain the relations of the
Student Adviser to the student body
for the benefit of the new students.
As the entering classes always are
the particular interest of President
Jordan, he probably will preside at
the first Assembly himself, and will
start the get-acquainted habit with
the new students in his own inimitable
way.
After a summer spent in touring the
Southern and Eastern states in the
interest of the World's Peace Founda
tion, President Jordan has entered
into the work of the college year as
enthusiastically as heretofore, with
the true Stanford Spirit of get-to
gether. He will be ready to dispense
it at tomorrow's Assembly.
Yell-leader W. S. Wilson will start
the noise at the opening of the
Assembly.
President Jordan will be welcomed
by undergraduates and new students
tomorrow in the first Assembly of the'
semester at 11:15, and will reciprocate
that welcome of the students in his
own hearty way. All 11:15 classes will
be omitted that all the students may
gather in Assembly.
Karl Schaupp, Student Adviser and
ex-president of the student body, will
assist President Jordan in extending
the welcome for the college year. As
tomorrow will be Student Adviser
Schaupp's first appearance on the As
sembly platform in his new capacity,
he will explain the relations of the
Student Adviser to the student body
for the benefit of the new students.
As the entering classes always are
the particular interest of President
Jordan, he probably will preside at
the first Assembly himself, and will
start the get-acquainted habit with
the new students in his own inimitable
way.
After a summer spent in touring the
Southern and Eastern states in the
interest of the World's Peace Founda
tion, President Jordan has entered
into the work of the college year as
enthusiastically as heretofore, with
the true Stanford Spirit of get-to
gether. He will be ready to dispense
it at tomorrow's Assembly.
Yell-leader W. S. Wilson will start
the noise at the opening of the
Assembly.
President Jordan will be welcomed
by undergraduates and new students
tomorrow in the first Assembly of the'
semester at 11:15, and will reciprocate
that welcome of the students in his
own hearty way. All 11:15 classes will
be omitted that all the students may
gather in Assembly.
Karl Schaupp, Student Adviser and
ex-president of the student body, will
assist President Jordan in extending
the welcome for the college year. As
tomorrow will be Student Adviser
Schaupp's first appearance on the As
sembly platform in his new capacity,
he will explain the relations of the
Student Adviser to the student body
for the benefit of the new students.
As the entering classes always are
the particular interest of President
Jordan, he probably will preside at
the first Assembly himself, and will
start the get-acquainted habit with
the new students in his own inimitable
way.
After a summer spent in touring the
Southern and Eastern states in the
interest of the World's Peace Founda
tion, President Jordan has entered
into the work of the college year as
enthusiastically as heretofore, with
the true Stanford Spirit of get-to
gether. He will be ready to dispense
it at tomorrow's Assembly.
Yell-leader W. S. Wilson will start
the noise at the opening of the
Assembly.
President Jordan will be welcomed
by undergraduates and new students
tomorrow in the first Assembly of the'
semester at 11:15, and will reciprocate
that welcome of the students in his
own hearty way. All 11:15 classes will
be omitted that all the students may
gather in Assembly.
Karl Schaupp, Student Adviser and
ex-president of the student body, will
assist President Jordan in extending
the welcome for the college year. As
tomorrow will be Student Adviser
Schaupp's first appearance on the As
sembly platform in his new capacity,
he will explain the relations of the
Student Adviser to the student body
for the benefit of the new students.
As the entering classes always are
the particular interest of President
Jordan, he probably will preside at
the first Assembly himself, and will
start the get-acquainted habit with
the new students in his own inimitable
way.
After a summer spent in touring the
Southern and Eastern states in the
interest of the World's Peace Founda
tion, President Jordan has entered
into the work of the college year as
enthusiastically as heretofore, with
the true Stanford Spirit of get-to
gether. He will be ready to dispense
it at tomorrow's Assembly.
Yell-leader W. S. Wilson will start
the noise at the opening of the
Assembly.
President Jordan will be welcomed
by undergraduates and new students
tomorrow in the first Assembly of the'
semester at 11:15, and will reciprocate
that welcome of the students in his
own hearty way. All 11:15 classes will
be omitted that all the students may
gather in Assembly.
Karl Schaupp, Student Adviser and
ex-president of the student body, will
assist President Jordan in extending
the welcome for the college year. As
tomorrow will be Student Adviser
Schaupp's first appearance on the As
sembly platform in his new capacity,
he will explain the relations of the
Student Adviser to the student body
for the benefit of the new students.
As the entering classes always are
the particular interest of President
Jordan, he probably will preside at
the first Assembly himself, and will
start the get-acquainted habit with
the new students in his own inimitable
way.
After a summer spent in touring the
Southern and Eastern states in the
interest of the World's Peace Founda
tion, President Jordan has entered
into the work of the college year as
enthusiastically as heretofore, with
the true Stanford Spirit of get-to
gether. He will be ready to dispense
it at tomorrow's Assembly.
Yell-leader W. S. Wilson will start
the noise at the opening of the
Assembly.
President Jordan will be welcomed
by undergraduates and new students
tomorrow in the first Assembly of the'
semester at 11:15, and will reciprocate
that welcome of the students in his
own hearty way. All 11:15 classes will
be omitted that all the students may
gather in Assembly.
Karl Schaupp, Student Adviser and
ex-president of the student body, will
assist President Jordan in extending
the welcome for the college year. As
tomorrow will be Student Adviser
Schaupp's first appearance on the As
sembly platform in his new capacity,
he will explain the relations of the
Student Adviser to the student body
for the benefit of the new students.
As the entering classes always are
the particular interest of President
Jordan, he probably will preside at
the first Assembly himself, and will
start the get-acquainted habit with
the new students in his own inimitable
way.
After a summer spent in touring the
Southern and Eastern states in the
interest of the World's Peace Founda
tion, President Jordan has entered
into the work of the college year as
enthusiastically as heretofore, with
the true Stanford Spirit of get-to
gether. He will be ready to dispense
it at tomorrow's Assembly.
Yell-leader W. S. Wilson will start
the noise at the opening of the
Assembly.
President Jordan will be welcomed
by undergraduates and new students
tomorrow in the first Assembly of the'
semester at 11:15, and will reciprocate
that welcome of the students in his
own hearty way. All 11:15 classes will
be omitted that all the students may
gather in Assembly.
Karl Schaupp, Student Adviser and
ex-president of the student body, will
assist President Jordan in extending
the welcome for the college year. As
tomorrow will be Student Adviser
Schaupp's first appearance on the As
sembly platform in his new capacity,
he will explain the relations of the
Student Adviser to the student body
for the benefit of the new students.
As the entering classes always are
the particular interest of President
Jordan, he probably will preside at
the first Assembly himself, and will
start the get-acquainted habit with
the new students in his own inimitable
way.
After a summer spent in touring the
Southern and Eastern states in the
interest of the World's Peace Founda
tion, President Jordan has entered
into the work of the college year as
enthusiastically as heretofore, with
the true Stanford Spirit of get-to
gether. He will be ready to dispense
it at tomorrow's Assembly.
Yell-leader W. S. Wilson will start
the noise at the opening of the
Assembly.
President Jordan will be welcomed
by undergraduates and new students
tomorrow in the first Assembly of the'
semester at 11:15, and will reciprocate
that welcome of the students in his
own hearty way. All 11:15 classes will
be omitted that all the students may
gather in Assembly.
Karl Schaupp, Student Adviser and
ex-president of the student body, will
assist President Jordan in extending
the welcome for the college year. As
tomorrow will be Student Adviser
Schaupp's first appearance on the As
sembly platform in his new capacity,
he will explain the relations of the
Student Adviser to the student body
for the benefit of the new students.
As the entering classes always are
the particular interest of President
Jordan, he probably will preside at
the first Assembly himself, and will
start the get-acquainted habit with
the new students in his own inimitable
way.
After a summer spent in touring the
Southern and Eastern states in the
interest of the World's Peace Founda
tion, President Jordan has entered
into the work of the college year as
enthusiastically as heretofore, with
the true Stanford Spirit of get-to
gether. He will be ready to dispense
it at tomorrow's Assembly.
Yell-leader W. S. Wilson will start
the noise at the opening of the
Assembly.
President Jordan will be welcomed
by undergraduates and new students
tomorrow in the first Assembly of the'
semester at 11:15, and will reciprocate
that welcome of the students in his
own hearty way. All 11:15 classes will
be omitted that all the students may
gather in Assembly.
Karl Schaupp, Student Adviser and
ex-president of the student body, will
assist President Jordan in extending
the welcome for the college year. As
tomorrow will be Student Adviser
Schaupp's first appearance on the As
sembly platform in his new capacity,
he will explain the relations of the
Student Adviser to the student body
for the benefit of the new students.
As the entering classes always are
the particular interest of President
Jordan, he probably will preside at
the first Assembly himself, and will
start the get-acquainted habit with
the new students in his own inimitable
way.
After a summer spent in touring the
Southern and Eastern states in the
interest of the World's Peace Founda
tion, President Jordan has entered
into the work of the college year as
enthusiastically as heretofore, with
the true Stanford Spirit of get-to
gether. He will be ready to dispense
it at tomorrow's Assembly.
Yell-leader W. S. Wilson will start
the noise at the opening of the
Assembly.
