# Petersen Places In Math Contest
## 
### 
J. G. Petersen of Stanford tied
with Stephen Lichtenbaum of
Harvard for 10th place in the in
dividual competition of the ISth
annual William Lowell Putnam
Mathematical Competition.
Ninety-six colleges and univer
sities entered teams in the com
petition and 21 other colleges and
universities entered individual
contestants only. Four hundred
thirty contestants participated in
the examination.
J. G. Petersen of Stanford tied
with Stephen Lichtenbaum of
Harvard for 10th place in the in
dividual competition of the ISth
annual William Lowell Putnam
Mathematical Competition.
Ninety-six colleges and univer
sities entered teams in the com
petition and 21 other colleges and
universities entered individual
contestants only. Four hundred
thirty contestants participated in
the examination.
J. G. Petersen of Stanford tied
with Stephen Lichtenbaum of
Harvard for 10th place in the in
dividual competition of the ISth
annual William Lowell Putnam
Mathematical Competition.
Ninety-six colleges and univer
sities entered teams in the com
petition and 21 other colleges and
universities entered individual
contestants only. Four hundred
thirty contestants participated in
the examination.
J. G. Petersen of Stanford tied
with Stephen Lichtenbaum of
Harvard for 10th place in the in
dividual competition of the ISth
annual William Lowell Putnam
Mathematical Competition.
Ninety-six colleges and univer
sities entered teams in the com
petition and 21 other colleges and
universities entered individual
contestants only. Four hundred
thirty contestants participated in
the examination.
J. G. Petersen of Stanford tied
with Stephen Lichtenbaum of
Harvard for 10th place in the in
dividual competition of the ISth
annual William Lowell Putnam
Mathematical Competition.
Ninety-six colleges and univer
sities entered teams in the com
petition and 21 other colleges and
universities entered individual
contestants only. Four hundred
thirty contestants participated in
the examination.
J. G. Petersen of Stanford tied
with Stephen Lichtenbaum of
Harvard for 10th place in the in
dividual competition of the ISth
annual William Lowell Putnam
Mathematical Competition.
Ninety-six colleges and univer
sities entered teams in the com
petition and 21 other colleges and
universities entered individual
contestants only. Four hundred
thirty contestants participated in
the examination.
J. G. Petersen of Stanford tied
with Stephen Lichtenbaum of
Harvard for 10th place in the in
dividual competition of the ISth
annual William Lowell Putnam
Mathematical Competition.
Ninety-six colleges and univer
sities entered teams in the com
petition and 21 other colleges and
universities entered individual
contestants only. Four hundred
thirty contestants participated in
the examination.
J. G. Petersen of Stanford tied
with Stephen Lichtenbaum of
Harvard for 10th place in the in
dividual competition of the ISth
annual William Lowell Putnam
Mathematical Competition.
Ninety-six colleges and univer
sities entered teams in the com
petition and 21 other colleges and
universities entered individual
contestants only. Four hundred
thirty contestants participated in
the examination.
J. G. Petersen of Stanford tied
with Stephen Lichtenbaum of
Harvard for 10th place in the in
dividual competition of the ISth
annual William Lowell Putnam
Mathematical Competition.
Ninety-six colleges and univer
sities entered teams in the com
petition and 21 other colleges and
universities entered individual
contestants only. Four hundred
thirty contestants participated in
the examination.
J. G. Petersen of Stanford tied
with Stephen Lichtenbaum of
Harvard for 10th place in the in
dividual competition of the ISth
annual William Lowell Putnam
Mathematical Competition.
Ninety-six colleges and univer
sities entered teams in the com
petition and 21 other colleges and
universities entered individual
contestants only. Four hundred
thirty contestants participated in
the examination.
J. G. Petersen of Stanford tied
with Stephen Lichtenbaum of
Harvard for 10th place in the in
dividual competition of the ISth
annual William Lowell Putnam
Mathematical Competition.
Ninety-six colleges and univer
sities entered teams in the com
petition and 21 other colleges and
universities entered individual
contestants only. Four hundred
thirty contestants participated in
the examination.
J. G. Petersen of Stanford tied
with Stephen Lichtenbaum of
Harvard for 10th place in the in
dividual competition of the ISth
annual William Lowell Putnam
Mathematical Competition.
Ninety-six colleges and univer
sities entered teams in the com
petition and 21 other colleges and
universities entered individual
contestants only. Four hundred
thirty contestants participated in
the examination.
J. G. Petersen of Stanford tied
with Stephen Lichtenbaum of
Harvard for 10th place in the in
dividual competition of the ISth
annual William Lowell Putnam
Mathematical Competition.
Ninety-six colleges and univer
sities entered teams in the com
petition and 21 other colleges and
universities entered individual
contestants only. Four hundred
thirty contestants participated in
the examination.
J. G. Petersen of Stanford tied
with Stephen Lichtenbaum of
Harvard for 10th place in the in
dividual competition of the ISth
annual William Lowell Putnam
Mathematical Competition.
Ninety-six colleges and univer
sities entered teams in the com
petition and 21 other colleges and
universities entered individual
contestants only. Four hundred
thirty contestants participated in
the examination.
J. G. Petersen of Stanford tied
with Stephen Lichtenbaum of
Harvard for 10th place in the in
dividual competition of the ISth
annual William Lowell Putnam
Mathematical Competition.
Ninety-six colleges and univer
sities entered teams in the com
petition and 21 other colleges and
universities entered individual
contestants only. Four hundred
thirty contestants participated in
the examination.
J. G. Petersen of Stanford tied
with Stephen Lichtenbaum of
Harvard for 10th place in the in
dividual competition of the ISth
annual William Lowell Putnam
Mathematical Competition.
Ninety-six colleges and univer
sities entered teams in the com
petition and 21 other colleges and
universities entered individual
contestants only. Four hundred
thirty contestants participated in
the examination.
J. G. Petersen of Stanford tied
with Stephen Lichtenbaum of
Harvard for 10th place in the in
dividual competition of the ISth
annual William Lowell Putnam
Mathematical Competition.
Ninety-six colleges and univer
sities entered teams in the com
petition and 21 other colleges and
universities entered individual
contestants only. Four hundred
thirty contestants participated in
the examination.
