# Prehn Appointed As SRI Leader
## 
### 
Stanford Research Institute di
rector E. Finley Carter announces
that W. Lawrence Prehn Jr., an
industrial economist with broad
experience in the United States
and Canada, has been appointed
manager of the SRI Southwest of
fice, in Phoenix, Ariz.
Prehn succeeds Leo C. Bailey,
former head of (lie SRI office
here, who is returning to the In
stitute's Menlo Park headquar
ters to take a senior research po
sition in the field of long-range
corporate planning.
Stanford Research Institute di
rector E. Finley Carter announces
that W. Lawrence Prehn Jr., an
industrial economist with broad
experience in the United States
and Canada, has been appointed
manager of the SRI Southwest of
fice, in Phoenix, Ariz.
Prehn succeeds Leo C. Bailey,
former head of (lie SRI office
here, who is returning to the In
stitute's Menlo Park headquar
ters to take a senior research po
sition in the field of long-range
corporate planning.
Stanford Research Institute di
rector E. Finley Carter announces
that W. Lawrence Prehn Jr., an
industrial economist with broad
experience in the United States
and Canada, has been appointed
manager of the SRI Southwest of
fice, in Phoenix, Ariz.
Prehn succeeds Leo C. Bailey,
former head of (lie SRI office
here, who is returning to the In
stitute's Menlo Park headquar
ters to take a senior research po
sition in the field of long-range
corporate planning.
Stanford Research Institute di
rector E. Finley Carter announces
that W. Lawrence Prehn Jr., an
industrial economist with broad
experience in the United States
and Canada, has been appointed
manager of the SRI Southwest of
fice, in Phoenix, Ariz.
Prehn succeeds Leo C. Bailey,
former head of (lie SRI office
here, who is returning to the In
stitute's Menlo Park headquar
ters to take a senior research po
sition in the field of long-range
corporate planning.
Stanford Research Institute di
rector E. Finley Carter announces
that W. Lawrence Prehn Jr., an
industrial economist with broad
experience in the United States
and Canada, has been appointed
manager of the SRI Southwest of
fice, in Phoenix, Ariz.
Prehn succeeds Leo C. Bailey,
former head of (lie SRI office
here, who is returning to the In
stitute's Menlo Park headquar
ters to take a senior research po
sition in the field of long-range
corporate planning.
Stanford Research Institute di
rector E. Finley Carter announces
that W. Lawrence Prehn Jr., an
industrial economist with broad
experience in the United States
and Canada, has been appointed
manager of the SRI Southwest of
fice, in Phoenix, Ariz.
Prehn succeeds Leo C. Bailey,
former head of (lie SRI office
here, who is returning to the In
stitute's Menlo Park headquar
ters to take a senior research po
sition in the field of long-range
corporate planning.
Stanford Research Institute di
rector E. Finley Carter announces
that W. Lawrence Prehn Jr., an
industrial economist with broad
experience in the United States
and Canada, has been appointed
manager of the SRI Southwest of
fice, in Phoenix, Ariz.
Prehn succeeds Leo C. Bailey,
former head of (lie SRI office
here, who is returning to the In
stitute's Menlo Park headquar
ters to take a senior research po
sition in the field of long-range
corporate planning.
Stanford Research Institute di
rector E. Finley Carter announces
that W. Lawrence Prehn Jr., an
industrial economist with broad
experience in the United States
and Canada, has been appointed
manager of the SRI Southwest of
fice, in Phoenix, Ariz.
Prehn succeeds Leo C. Bailey,
former head of (lie SRI office
here, who is returning to the In
stitute's Menlo Park headquar
ters to take a senior research po
sition in the field of long-range
corporate planning.
Stanford Research Institute di
rector E. Finley Carter announces
that W. Lawrence Prehn Jr., an
industrial economist with broad
experience in the United States
and Canada, has been appointed
manager of the SRI Southwest of
fice, in Phoenix, Ariz.
Prehn succeeds Leo C. Bailey,
former head of (lie SRI office
here, who is returning to the In
stitute's Menlo Park headquar
ters to take a senior research po
sition in the field of long-range
corporate planning.
Stanford Research Institute di
rector E. Finley Carter announces
that W. Lawrence Prehn Jr., an
industrial economist with broad
experience in the United States
and Canada, has been appointed
manager of the SRI Southwest of
fice, in Phoenix, Ariz.
Prehn succeeds Leo C. Bailey,
former head of (lie SRI office
here, who is returning to the In
stitute's Menlo Park headquar
ters to take a senior research po
sition in the field of long-range
corporate planning.
Stanford Research Institute di
rector E. Finley Carter announces
that W. Lawrence Prehn Jr., an
industrial economist with broad
experience in the United States
and Canada, has been appointed
manager of the SRI Southwest of
fice, in Phoenix, Ariz.
Prehn succeeds Leo C. Bailey,
former head of (lie SRI office
here, who is returning to the In
stitute's Menlo Park headquar
ters to take a senior research po
sition in the field of long-range
corporate planning.
Stanford Research Institute di
rector E. Finley Carter announces
that W. Lawrence Prehn Jr., an
industrial economist with broad
experience in the United States
and Canada, has been appointed
manager of the SRI Southwest of
fice, in Phoenix, Ariz.
Prehn succeeds Leo C. Bailey,
former head of (lie SRI office
here, who is returning to the In
stitute's Menlo Park headquar
ters to take a senior research po
sition in the field of long-range
corporate planning.
Stanford Research Institute di
rector E. Finley Carter announces
that W. Lawrence Prehn Jr., an
industrial economist with broad
experience in the United States
and Canada, has been appointed
manager of the SRI Southwest of
fice, in Phoenix, Ariz.
Prehn succeeds Leo C. Bailey,
former head of (lie SRI office
here, who is returning to the In
stitute's Menlo Park headquar
ters to take a senior research po
sition in the field of long-range
corporate planning.
Stanford Research Institute di
rector E. Finley Carter announces
that W. Lawrence Prehn Jr., an
industrial economist with broad
experience in the United States
and Canada, has been appointed
manager of the SRI Southwest of
fice, in Phoenix, Ariz.
Prehn succeeds Leo C. Bailey,
former head of (lie SRI office
here, who is returning to the In
stitute's Menlo Park headquar
ters to take a senior research po
sition in the field of long-range
corporate planning.
Stanford Research Institute di
rector E. Finley Carter announces
that W. Lawrence Prehn Jr., an
industrial economist with broad
experience in the United States
and Canada, has been appointed
manager of the SRI Southwest of
fice, in Phoenix, Ariz.
Prehn succeeds Leo C. Bailey,
former head of (lie SRI office
here, who is returning to the In
stitute's Menlo Park headquar
ters to take a senior research po
sition in the field of long-range
corporate planning.
Stanford Research Institute di
rector E. Finley Carter announces
that W. Lawrence Prehn Jr., an
industrial economist with broad
experience in the United States
and Canada, has been appointed
manager of the SRI Southwest of
fice, in Phoenix, Ariz.
Prehn succeeds Leo C. Bailey,
former head of (lie SRI office
here, who is returning to the In
stitute's Menlo Park headquar
ters to take a senior research po
sition in the field of long-range
corporate planning.
Stanford Research Institute di
rector E. Finley Carter announces
that W. Lawrence Prehn Jr., an
industrial economist with broad
experience in the United States
and Canada, has been appointed
manager of the SRI Southwest of
fice, in Phoenix, Ariz.
Prehn succeeds Leo C. Bailey,
former head of (lie SRI office
here, who is returning to the In
stitute's Menlo Park headquar
ters to take a senior research po
sition in the field of long-range
corporate planning.
