# Butler to Speak On Demo Views
## 
### 
"The Democratic Party and the
College Student" is the topic of
an address to be delivered by
Paul Butler, chairman of the
Democratic National Committee,
Monday at 8 p.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
Butler is sponsored by the Po
litical Union as a representative
of the Democratic philosophy in
America. The Socialist viewpoint
was recently presented by Nor
man Thomas and the Union hopes
to engage a Republican to com
plete the series.
Political Union will hold an
election of officers at the Butler
meeting. Nominations for presi
dent and vice - president will be
made from the floor and voting
will follow. The officers will
serve for the 1958-59 school year.
