# ENGLISH CLUB TO MEET.
## Professor Bassett to Read Selected Passages from Dickens at Open Meeting. 
### 
To-morrow evening, after its last
business meeting of the semester, the
English Club is to hold an open ses
sion at the Delta Gamma house. The
principal feature of ihe evening will
be a reading by Professor L. E. Bas
sett. of selected sports from the writ
ings of Charles Dickens. Refresh
ments are to be served after the pro
gram. As this is the last open meet
ing of the year every one interested
is invited to attend. The business
meeting is to start at 7:30 and the
open session will start at 8 o'clock.
To-morrow evening, after its last
business meeting of the semester, the
English Club is to hold an open ses
sion at the Delta Gamma house. The
principal feature of ihe evening will
be a reading by Professor L. E. Bas
sett. of selected sports from the writ
ings of Charles Dickens. Refresh
ments are to be served after the pro
gram. As this is the last open meet
ing of the year every one interested
is invited to attend. The business
meeting is to start at 7:30 and the
open session will start at 8 o'clock.
To-morrow evening, after its last
business meeting of the semester, the
English Club is to hold an open ses
sion at the Delta Gamma house. The
principal feature of ihe evening will
be a reading by Professor L. E. Bas
sett. of selected sports from the writ
ings of Charles Dickens. Refresh
ments are to be served after the pro
gram. As this is the last open meet
ing of the year every one interested
is invited to attend. The business
meeting is to start at 7:30 and the
open session will start at 8 o'clock.
To-morrow evening, after its last
business meeting of the semester, the
English Club is to hold an open ses
sion at the Delta Gamma house. The
principal feature of ihe evening will
be a reading by Professor L. E. Bas
sett. of selected sports from the writ
ings of Charles Dickens. Refresh
ments are to be served after the pro
gram. As this is the last open meet
ing of the year every one interested
is invited to attend. The business
meeting is to start at 7:30 and the
open session will start at 8 o'clock.
To-morrow evening, after its last
business meeting of the semester, the
English Club is to hold an open ses
sion at the Delta Gamma house. The
principal feature of ihe evening will
be a reading by Professor L. E. Bas
sett. of selected sports from the writ
ings of Charles Dickens. Refresh
ments are to be served after the pro
gram. As this is the last open meet
ing of the year every one interested
is invited to attend. The business
meeting is to start at 7:30 and the
open session will start at 8 o'clock.
To-morrow evening, after its last
business meeting of the semester, the
English Club is to hold an open ses
sion at the Delta Gamma house. The
principal feature of ihe evening will
be a reading by Professor L. E. Bas
sett. of selected sports from the writ
ings of Charles Dickens. Refresh
ments are to be served after the pro
gram. As this is the last open meet
ing of the year every one interested
is invited to attend. The business
meeting is to start at 7:30 and the
open session will start at 8 o'clock.
To-morrow evening, after its last
business meeting of the semester, the
English Club is to hold an open ses
sion at the Delta Gamma house. The
principal feature of ihe evening will
be a reading by Professor L. E. Bas
sett. of selected sports from the writ
ings of Charles Dickens. Refresh
ments are to be served after the pro
gram. As this is the last open meet
ing of the year every one interested
is invited to attend. The business
meeting is to start at 7:30 and the
open session will start at 8 o'clock.
To-morrow evening, after its last
business meeting of the semester, the
English Club is to hold an open ses
sion at the Delta Gamma house. The
principal feature of ihe evening will
be a reading by Professor L. E. Bas
sett. of selected sports from the writ
ings of Charles Dickens. Refresh
ments are to be served after the pro
gram. As this is the last open meet
ing of the year every one interested
is invited to attend. The business
meeting is to start at 7:30 and the
open session will start at 8 o'clock.
To-morrow evening, after its last
business meeting of the semester, the
English Club is to hold an open ses
sion at the Delta Gamma house. The
principal feature of ihe evening will
be a reading by Professor L. E. Bas
sett. of selected sports from the writ
ings of Charles Dickens. Refresh
ments are to be served after the pro
gram. As this is the last open meet
ing of the year every one interested
is invited to attend. The business
meeting is to start at 7:30 and the
open session will start at 8 o'clock.
To-morrow evening, after its last
business meeting of the semester, the
English Club is to hold an open ses
sion at the Delta Gamma house. The
principal feature of ihe evening will
be a reading by Professor L. E. Bas
sett. of selected sports from the writ
ings of Charles Dickens. Refresh
ments are to be served after the pro
gram. As this is the last open meet
ing of the year every one interested
is invited to attend. The business
meeting is to start at 7:30 and the
open session will start at 8 o'clock.
To-morrow evening, after its last
business meeting of the semester, the
English Club is to hold an open ses
sion at the Delta Gamma house. The
principal feature of ihe evening will
be a reading by Professor L. E. Bas
sett. of selected sports from the writ
ings of Charles Dickens. Refresh
ments are to be served after the pro
gram. As this is the last open meet
ing of the year every one interested
is invited to attend. The business
meeting is to start at 7:30 and the
open session will start at 8 o'clock.
