# All Quad Assessments Due THIS Week
## 
### 
This week is the last, in which Jun
ior Quad assessments may he paid.
Most of the members of the class ol
1911 have paid and it is incumbent
upon the few delinquents to pay up
at. once in order that their photo
graphs may appear in the annual.
Photographs will not be taken after
the close of this semester. Remit
tances may be mailed to Manager ( .
A. Christin any time before the last
day of this week. Pictures are being
taken at Davev's.
This week is the last, in which Jun
ior Quad assessments may he paid.
Most of the members of the class ol
1911 have paid and it is incumbent
upon the few delinquents to pay up
at. once in order that their photo
graphs may appear in the annual.
Photographs will not be taken after
the close of this semester. Remit
tances may be mailed to Manager ( .
A. Christin any time before the last
day of this week. Pictures are being
taken at Davev's.
This week is the last, in which Jun
ior Quad assessments may he paid.
Most of the members of the class ol
1911 have paid and it is incumbent
upon the few delinquents to pay up
at. once in order that their photo
graphs may appear in the annual.
Photographs will not be taken after
the close of this semester. Remit
tances may be mailed to Manager ( .
A. Christin any time before the last
day of this week. Pictures are being
taken at Davev's.
This week is the last, in which Jun
ior Quad assessments may he paid.
Most of the members of the class ol
1911 have paid and it is incumbent
upon the few delinquents to pay up
at. once in order that their photo
graphs may appear in the annual.
Photographs will not be taken after
the close of this semester. Remit
tances may be mailed to Manager ( .
A. Christin any time before the last
day of this week. Pictures are being
taken at Davev's.
This week is the last, in which Jun
ior Quad assessments may he paid.
Most of the members of the class ol
1911 have paid and it is incumbent
upon the few delinquents to pay up
at. once in order that their photo
graphs may appear in the annual.
Photographs will not be taken after
the close of this semester. Remit
tances may be mailed to Manager ( .
A. Christin any time before the last
day of this week. Pictures are being
taken at Davev's.
This week is the last, in which Jun
ior Quad assessments may he paid.
Most of the members of the class ol
1911 have paid and it is incumbent
upon the few delinquents to pay up
at. once in order that their photo
graphs may appear in the annual.
Photographs will not be taken after
the close of this semester. Remit
tances may be mailed to Manager ( .
A. Christin any time before the last
day of this week. Pictures are being
taken at Davev's.
This week is the last, in which Jun
ior Quad assessments may he paid.
Most of the members of the class ol
1911 have paid and it is incumbent
upon the few delinquents to pay up
at. once in order that their photo
graphs may appear in the annual.
Photographs will not be taken after
the close of this semester. Remit
tances may be mailed to Manager ( .
A. Christin any time before the last
day of this week. Pictures are being
taken at Davev's.
This week is the last, in which Jun
ior Quad assessments may he paid.
Most of the members of the class ol
1911 have paid and it is incumbent
upon the few delinquents to pay up
at. once in order that their photo
graphs may appear in the annual.
Photographs will not be taken after
the close of this semester. Remit
tances may be mailed to Manager ( .
A. Christin any time before the last
day of this week. Pictures are being
taken at Davev's.
This week is the last, in which Jun
ior Quad assessments may he paid.
Most of the members of the class ol
1911 have paid and it is incumbent
upon the few delinquents to pay up
at. once in order that their photo
graphs may appear in the annual.
Photographs will not be taken after
the close of this semester. Remit
tances may be mailed to Manager ( .
A. Christin any time before the last
day of this week. Pictures are being
taken at Davev's.
This week is the last, in which Jun
ior Quad assessments may he paid.
Most of the members of the class ol
1911 have paid and it is incumbent
upon the few delinquents to pay up
at. once in order that their photo
graphs may appear in the annual.
Photographs will not be taken after
the close of this semester. Remit
tances may be mailed to Manager ( .
A. Christin any time before the last
day of this week. Pictures are being
taken at Davev's.
This week is the last, in which Jun
ior Quad assessments may he paid.
Most of the members of the class ol
1911 have paid and it is incumbent
upon the few delinquents to pay up
at. once in order that their photo
graphs may appear in the annual.
Photographs will not be taken after
the close of this semester. Remit
tances may be mailed to Manager ( .
A. Christin any time before the last
day of this week. Pictures are being
taken at Davev's.
