# engagement
## 
### 
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Marjorie Horchitz, '32,
to Sherman Telleen, Chi Psi, '52.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Marjorie Horchitz, '32,
to Sherman Telleen, Chi Psi, '52.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Marjorie Horchitz, '32,
to Sherman Telleen, Chi Psi, '52.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Marjorie Horchitz, '32,
to Sherman Telleen, Chi Psi, '52.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Marjorie Horchitz, '32,
to Sherman Telleen, Chi Psi, '52.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Marjorie Horchitz, '32,
to Sherman Telleen, Chi Psi, '52.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Marjorie Horchitz, '32,
to Sherman Telleen, Chi Psi, '52.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Marjorie Horchitz, '32,
to Sherman Telleen, Chi Psi, '52.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Marjorie Horchitz, '32,
to Sherman Telleen, Chi Psi, '52.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Marjorie Horchitz, '32,
to Sherman Telleen, Chi Psi, '52.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Marjorie Horchitz, '32,
to Sherman Telleen, Chi Psi, '52.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Marjorie Horchitz, '32,
to Sherman Telleen, Chi Psi, '52.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Marjorie Horchitz, '32,
to Sherman Telleen, Chi Psi, '52.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Marjorie Horchitz, '32,
to Sherman Telleen, Chi Psi, '52.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Marjorie Horchitz, '32,
to Sherman Telleen, Chi Psi, '52.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of Marjorie Horchitz, '32,
to Sherman Telleen, Chi Psi, '52.
