# BURNETT HAS DAUGHTER
## 
### 
The wife of Basketball Coach Bob
Burnett gave birth to an eight
pound daughter yesterday. The girl
has been named Roberta Maria. She
was born in the Alta Bates Hospi
tal in, of all places, Berkeley.
The wife of Basketball Coach Bob
Burnett gave birth to an eight
pound daughter yesterday. The girl
has been named Roberta Maria. She
was born in the Alta Bates Hospi
tal in, of all places, Berkeley.
The wife of Basketball Coach Bob
Burnett gave birth to an eight
pound daughter yesterday. The girl
has been named Roberta Maria. She
was born in the Alta Bates Hospi
tal in, of all places, Berkeley.
The wife of Basketball Coach Bob
Burnett gave birth to an eight
pound daughter yesterday. The girl
has been named Roberta Maria. She
was born in the Alta Bates Hospi
tal in, of all places, Berkeley.
The wife of Basketball Coach Bob
Burnett gave birth to an eight
pound daughter yesterday. The girl
has been named Roberta Maria. She
was born in the Alta Bates Hospi
tal in, of all places, Berkeley.
The wife of Basketball Coach Bob
Burnett gave birth to an eight
pound daughter yesterday. The girl
has been named Roberta Maria. She
was born in the Alta Bates Hospi
tal in, of all places, Berkeley.
The wife of Basketball Coach Bob
Burnett gave birth to an eight
pound daughter yesterday. The girl
has been named Roberta Maria. She
was born in the Alta Bates Hospi
tal in, of all places, Berkeley.
The wife of Basketball Coach Bob
Burnett gave birth to an eight
pound daughter yesterday. The girl
has been named Roberta Maria. She
was born in the Alta Bates Hospi
tal in, of all places, Berkeley.
The wife of Basketball Coach Bob
Burnett gave birth to an eight
pound daughter yesterday. The girl
has been named Roberta Maria. She
was born in the Alta Bates Hospi
tal in, of all places, Berkeley.
The wife of Basketball Coach Bob
Burnett gave birth to an eight
pound daughter yesterday. The girl
has been named Roberta Maria. She
was born in the Alta Bates Hospi
tal in, of all places, Berkeley.
The wife of Basketball Coach Bob
Burnett gave birth to an eight
pound daughter yesterday. The girl
has been named Roberta Maria. She
was born in the Alta Bates Hospi
tal in, of all places, Berkeley.
The wife of Basketball Coach Bob
Burnett gave birth to an eight
pound daughter yesterday. The girl
has been named Roberta Maria. She
was born in the Alta Bates Hospi
tal in, of all places, Berkeley.
The wife of Basketball Coach Bob
Burnett gave birth to an eight
pound daughter yesterday. The girl
has been named Roberta Maria. She
was born in the Alta Bates Hospi
tal in, of all places, Berkeley.
The wife of Basketball Coach Bob
Burnett gave birth to an eight
pound daughter yesterday. The girl
has been named Roberta Maria. She
was born in the Alta Bates Hospi
tal in, of all places, Berkeley.
The wife of Basketball Coach Bob
Burnett gave birth to an eight
pound daughter yesterday. The girl
has been named Roberta Maria. She
was born in the Alta Bates Hospi
tal in, of all places, Berkeley.
The wife of Basketball Coach Bob
Burnett gave birth to an eight
pound daughter yesterday. The girl
has been named Roberta Maria. She
was born in the Alta Bates Hospi
tal in, of all places, Berkeley.
