# Lepawskyâ€™s Topic Is Administration
## 
### 
Dr. Albert, Lepawsky, one of the
nation's leading authorities on pub
lic administration, will discuss "Ad
ministrative Aspects of Technical
Assistance Programs" tonight at 7:30
at the West Memorial Library of the
Political Science Department (room
28, Inner Quad).
A member of the United Nations
Technical Assistance Administration
and professor of Public Administra
tion at the University of Alabama,
Dr. Lepawsky is currently a visiting
professor at the University of Cali
fornia.
Dr. Albert, Lepawsky, one of the
nation's leading authorities on pub
lic administration, will discuss "Ad
ministrative Aspects of Technical
Assistance Programs" tonight at 7:30
at the West Memorial Library of the
Political Science Department (room
28, Inner Quad).
A member of the United Nations
Technical Assistance Administration
and professor of Public Administra
tion at the University of Alabama,
Dr. Lepawsky is currently a visiting
professor at the University of Cali
fornia.
Dr. Albert, Lepawsky, one of the
nation's leading authorities on pub
lic administration, will discuss "Ad
ministrative Aspects of Technical
Assistance Programs" tonight at 7:30
at the West Memorial Library of the
Political Science Department (room
28, Inner Quad).
A member of the United Nations
Technical Assistance Administration
and professor of Public Administra
tion at the University of Alabama,
Dr. Lepawsky is currently a visiting
professor at the University of Cali
fornia.
Dr. Albert, Lepawsky, one of the
nation's leading authorities on pub
lic administration, will discuss "Ad
ministrative Aspects of Technical
Assistance Programs" tonight at 7:30
at the West Memorial Library of the
Political Science Department (room
28, Inner Quad).
A member of the United Nations
Technical Assistance Administration
and professor of Public Administra
tion at the University of Alabama,
Dr. Lepawsky is currently a visiting
professor at the University of Cali
fornia.
Dr. Albert, Lepawsky, one of the
nation's leading authorities on pub
lic administration, will discuss "Ad
ministrative Aspects of Technical
Assistance Programs" tonight at 7:30
at the West Memorial Library of the
Political Science Department (room
28, Inner Quad).
A member of the United Nations
Technical Assistance Administration
and professor of Public Administra
tion at the University of Alabama,
Dr. Lepawsky is currently a visiting
professor at the University of Cali
fornia.
Dr. Albert, Lepawsky, one of the
nation's leading authorities on pub
lic administration, will discuss "Ad
ministrative Aspects of Technical
Assistance Programs" tonight at 7:30
at the West Memorial Library of the
Political Science Department (room
28, Inner Quad).
A member of the United Nations
Technical Assistance Administration
and professor of Public Administra
tion at the University of Alabama,
Dr. Lepawsky is currently a visiting
professor at the University of Cali
fornia.
Dr. Albert, Lepawsky, one of the
nation's leading authorities on pub
lic administration, will discuss "Ad
ministrative Aspects of Technical
Assistance Programs" tonight at 7:30
at the West Memorial Library of the
Political Science Department (room
28, Inner Quad).
A member of the United Nations
Technical Assistance Administration
and professor of Public Administra
tion at the University of Alabama,
Dr. Lepawsky is currently a visiting
professor at the University of Cali
fornia.
Dr. Albert, Lepawsky, one of the
nation's leading authorities on pub
lic administration, will discuss "Ad
ministrative Aspects of Technical
Assistance Programs" tonight at 7:30
at the West Memorial Library of the
Political Science Department (room
28, Inner Quad).
A member of the United Nations
Technical Assistance Administration
and professor of Public Administra
tion at the University of Alabama,
Dr. Lepawsky is currently a visiting
professor at the University of Cali
fornia.
Dr. Albert, Lepawsky, one of the
nation's leading authorities on pub
lic administration, will discuss "Ad
ministrative Aspects of Technical
Assistance Programs" tonight at 7:30
at the West Memorial Library of the
Political Science Department (room
28, Inner Quad).
A member of the United Nations
Technical Assistance Administration
and professor of Public Administra
tion at the University of Alabama,
Dr. Lepawsky is currently a visiting
professor at the University of Cali
fornia.
Dr. Albert, Lepawsky, one of the
nation's leading authorities on pub
lic administration, will discuss "Ad
ministrative Aspects of Technical
Assistance Programs" tonight at 7:30
at the West Memorial Library of the
Political Science Department (room
28, Inner Quad).
A member of the United Nations
Technical Assistance Administration
and professor of Public Administra
tion at the University of Alabama,
Dr. Lepawsky is currently a visiting
professor at the University of Cali
fornia.
Dr. Albert, Lepawsky, one of the
nation's leading authorities on pub
lic administration, will discuss "Ad
ministrative Aspects of Technical
Assistance Programs" tonight at 7:30
at the West Memorial Library of the
Political Science Department (room
28, Inner Quad).
A member of the United Nations
Technical Assistance Administration
and professor of Public Administra
tion at the University of Alabama,
Dr. Lepawsky is currently a visiting
professor at the University of Cali
fornia.
Dr. Albert, Lepawsky, one of the
nation's leading authorities on pub
lic administration, will discuss "Ad
ministrative Aspects of Technical
Assistance Programs" tonight at 7:30
at the West Memorial Library of the
Political Science Department (room
28, Inner Quad).
A member of the United Nations
Technical Assistance Administration
and professor of Public Administra
tion at the University of Alabama,
Dr. Lepawsky is currently a visiting
professor at the University of Cali
fornia.
Dr. Albert, Lepawsky, one of the
nation's leading authorities on pub
lic administration, will discuss "Ad
ministrative Aspects of Technical
Assistance Programs" tonight at 7:30
at the West Memorial Library of the
Political Science Department (room
28, Inner Quad).
A member of the United Nations
Technical Assistance Administration
and professor of Public Administra
tion at the University of Alabama,
Dr. Lepawsky is currently a visiting
professor at the University of Cali
fornia.
Dr. Albert, Lepawsky, one of the
nation's leading authorities on pub
lic administration, will discuss "Ad
ministrative Aspects of Technical
Assistance Programs" tonight at 7:30
at the West Memorial Library of the
Political Science Department (room
28, Inner Quad).
A member of the United Nations
Technical Assistance Administration
and professor of Public Administra
tion at the University of Alabama,
Dr. Lepawsky is currently a visiting
professor at the University of Cali
fornia.
Dr. Albert, Lepawsky, one of the
nation's leading authorities on pub
lic administration, will discuss "Ad
ministrative Aspects of Technical
Assistance Programs" tonight at 7:30
at the West Memorial Library of the
Political Science Department (room
28, Inner Quad).
A member of the United Nations
Technical Assistance Administration
and professor of Public Administra
tion at the University of Alabama,
Dr. Lepawsky is currently a visiting
professor at the University of Cali
fornia.
Dr. Albert, Lepawsky, one of the
nation's leading authorities on pub
lic administration, will discuss "Ad
ministrative Aspects of Technical
Assistance Programs" tonight at 7:30
at the West Memorial Library of the
Political Science Department (room
28, Inner Quad).
A member of the United Nations
Technical Assistance Administration
and professor of Public Administra
tion at the University of Alabama,
Dr. Lepawsky is currently a visiting
professor at the University of Cali
fornia.
