# Twin Sons of Dr. Holman Given Different Surnames
## 
### 
Twin sons were born yesterday to j
Dr. Ann Piirdy, of the staff of the
Children's Hospital at San Francisco,
and Dr. E. P. Holman, professor of
surgery at Stanford. They were chris
tened with no name relationship; one
was called Shaun Purdv, after the <
mother, the other Peter Holman, after
(he father. The parents, who prac
ticed under their own names, decided
to carry this individuality to the'
christening of their children.
Twin sons were born yesterday to j
Dr. Ann Piirdy, of the staff of the
Children's Hospital at San Francisco,
and Dr. E. P. Holman, professor of
surgery at Stanford. They were chris
tened with no name relationship; one
was called Shaun Purdv, after the <
mother, the other Peter Holman, after
(he father. The parents, who prac
ticed under their own names, decided
to carry this individuality to the'
christening of their children.
Twin sons were born yesterday to j
Dr. Ann Piirdy, of the staff of the
Children's Hospital at San Francisco,
and Dr. E. P. Holman, professor of
surgery at Stanford. They were chris
tened with no name relationship; one
was called Shaun Purdv, after the <
mother, the other Peter Holman, after
(he father. The parents, who prac
ticed under their own names, decided
to carry this individuality to the'
christening of their children.
Twin sons were born yesterday to j
Dr. Ann Piirdy, of the staff of the
Children's Hospital at San Francisco,
and Dr. E. P. Holman, professor of
surgery at Stanford. They were chris
tened with no name relationship; one
was called Shaun Purdv, after the <
mother, the other Peter Holman, after
(he father. The parents, who prac
ticed under their own names, decided
to carry this individuality to the'
christening of their children.
Twin sons were born yesterday to j
Dr. Ann Piirdy, of the staff of the
Children's Hospital at San Francisco,
and Dr. E. P. Holman, professor of
surgery at Stanford. They were chris
tened with no name relationship; one
was called Shaun Purdv, after the <
mother, the other Peter Holman, after
(he father. The parents, who prac
ticed under their own names, decided
to carry this individuality to the'
christening of their children.
Twin sons were born yesterday to j
Dr. Ann Piirdy, of the staff of the
Children's Hospital at San Francisco,
and Dr. E. P. Holman, professor of
surgery at Stanford. They were chris
tened with no name relationship; one
was called Shaun Purdv, after the <
mother, the other Peter Holman, after
(he father. The parents, who prac
ticed under their own names, decided
to carry this individuality to the'
christening of their children.
Twin sons were born yesterday to j
Dr. Ann Piirdy, of the staff of the
Children's Hospital at San Francisco,
and Dr. E. P. Holman, professor of
surgery at Stanford. They were chris
tened with no name relationship; one
was called Shaun Purdv, after the <
mother, the other Peter Holman, after
(he father. The parents, who prac
ticed under their own names, decided
to carry this individuality to the'
christening of their children.
Twin sons were born yesterday to j
Dr. Ann Piirdy, of the staff of the
Children's Hospital at San Francisco,
and Dr. E. P. Holman, professor of
surgery at Stanford. They were chris
tened with no name relationship; one
was called Shaun Purdv, after the <
mother, the other Peter Holman, after
(he father. The parents, who prac
ticed under their own names, decided
to carry this individuality to the'
christening of their children.
Twin sons were born yesterday to j
Dr. Ann Piirdy, of the staff of the
Children's Hospital at San Francisco,
and Dr. E. P. Holman, professor of
surgery at Stanford. They were chris
tened with no name relationship; one
was called Shaun Purdv, after the <
mother, the other Peter Holman, after
(he father. The parents, who prac
ticed under their own names, decided
to carry this individuality to the'
christening of their children.
Twin sons were born yesterday to j
Dr. Ann Piirdy, of the staff of the
Children's Hospital at San Francisco,
and Dr. E. P. Holman, professor of
surgery at Stanford. They were chris
tened with no name relationship; one
was called Shaun Purdv, after the <
mother, the other Peter Holman, after
(he father. The parents, who prac
ticed under their own names, decided
to carry this individuality to the'
christening of their children.
Twin sons were born yesterday to j
Dr. Ann Piirdy, of the staff of the
Children's Hospital at San Francisco,
and Dr. E. P. Holman, professor of
surgery at Stanford. They were chris
tened with no name relationship; one
was called Shaun Purdv, after the <
mother, the other Peter Holman, after
(he father. The parents, who prac
ticed under their own names, decided
to carry this individuality to the'
christening of their children.
Twin sons were born yesterday to j
Dr. Ann Piirdy, of the staff of the
Children's Hospital at San Francisco,
and Dr. E. P. Holman, professor of
surgery at Stanford. They were chris
tened with no name relationship; one
was called Shaun Purdv, after the <
mother, the other Peter Holman, after
(he father. The parents, who prac
ticed under their own names, decided
to carry this individuality to the'
christening of their children.
Twin sons were born yesterday to j
Dr. Ann Piirdy, of the staff of the
Children's Hospital at San Francisco,
and Dr. E. P. Holman, professor of
surgery at Stanford. They were chris
tened with no name relationship; one
was called Shaun Purdv, after the <
mother, the other Peter Holman, after
(he father. The parents, who prac
ticed under their own names, decided
to carry this individuality to the'
christening of their children.
Twin sons were born yesterday to j
Dr. Ann Piirdy, of the staff of the
Children's Hospital at San Francisco,
and Dr. E. P. Holman, professor of
surgery at Stanford. They were chris
tened with no name relationship; one
was called Shaun Purdv, after the <
mother, the other Peter Holman, after
(he father. The parents, who prac
ticed under their own names, decided
to carry this individuality to the'
christening of their children.
Twin sons were born yesterday to j
Dr. Ann Piirdy, of the staff of the
Children's Hospital at San Francisco,
and Dr. E. P. Holman, professor of
surgery at Stanford. They were chris
tened with no name relationship; one
was called Shaun Purdv, after the <
mother, the other Peter Holman, after
(he father. The parents, who prac
ticed under their own names, decided
to carry this individuality to the'
christening of their children.
Twin sons were born yesterday to j
Dr. Ann Piirdy, of the staff of the
Children's Hospital at San Francisco,
and Dr. E. P. Holman, professor of
surgery at Stanford. They were chris
tened with no name relationship; one
was called Shaun Purdv, after the <
mother, the other Peter Holman, after
(he father. The parents, who prac
ticed under their own names, decided
to carry this individuality to the'
christening of their children.
