# Stanford Insurance Rates Lower As Gas Sale Grows
## 
### 
Paradoxical as it may seem, cam
pus insurance rates decrease as gas
sales at the campus service station
increase.
The explanation of this lies in the
fact that all profits derived from the
.station business are devoted exclu
sively to the maintenance of the
Stanford Fire Department. With every
improvement in protection facilities
tlius made possible, the insurance
rates on campus property are accord
ingly lowered.
Paradoxical as it may seem, cam
pus insurance rates decrease as gas
sales at the campus service station
increase.
The explanation of this lies in the
fact that all profits derived from the
.station business are devoted exclu
sively to the maintenance of the
Stanford Fire Department. With every
improvement in protection facilities
tlius made possible, the insurance
rates on campus property are accord
ingly lowered.
Paradoxical as it may seem, cam
pus insurance rates decrease as gas
sales at the campus service station
increase.
The explanation of this lies in the
fact that all profits derived from the
.station business are devoted exclu
sively to the maintenance of the
Stanford Fire Department. With every
improvement in protection facilities
tlius made possible, the insurance
rates on campus property are accord
ingly lowered.
Paradoxical as it may seem, cam
pus insurance rates decrease as gas
sales at the campus service station
increase.
The explanation of this lies in the
fact that all profits derived from the
.station business are devoted exclu
sively to the maintenance of the
Stanford Fire Department. With every
improvement in protection facilities
tlius made possible, the insurance
rates on campus property are accord
ingly lowered.
Paradoxical as it may seem, cam
pus insurance rates decrease as gas
sales at the campus service station
increase.
The explanation of this lies in the
fact that all profits derived from the
.station business are devoted exclu
sively to the maintenance of the
Stanford Fire Department. With every
improvement in protection facilities
tlius made possible, the insurance
rates on campus property are accord
ingly lowered.
Paradoxical as it may seem, cam
pus insurance rates decrease as gas
sales at the campus service station
increase.
The explanation of this lies in the
fact that all profits derived from the
.station business are devoted exclu
sively to the maintenance of the
Stanford Fire Department. With every
improvement in protection facilities
tlius made possible, the insurance
rates on campus property are accord
ingly lowered.
Paradoxical as it may seem, cam
pus insurance rates decrease as gas
sales at the campus service station
increase.
The explanation of this lies in the
fact that all profits derived from the
.station business are devoted exclu
sively to the maintenance of the
Stanford Fire Department. With every
improvement in protection facilities
tlius made possible, the insurance
rates on campus property are accord
ingly lowered.
Paradoxical as it may seem, cam
pus insurance rates decrease as gas
sales at the campus service station
increase.
The explanation of this lies in the
fact that all profits derived from the
.station business are devoted exclu
sively to the maintenance of the
Stanford Fire Department. With every
improvement in protection facilities
tlius made possible, the insurance
rates on campus property are accord
ingly lowered.
Paradoxical as it may seem, cam
pus insurance rates decrease as gas
sales at the campus service station
increase.
The explanation of this lies in the
fact that all profits derived from the
.station business are devoted exclu
sively to the maintenance of the
Stanford Fire Department. With every
improvement in protection facilities
tlius made possible, the insurance
rates on campus property are accord
ingly lowered.
Paradoxical as it may seem, cam
pus insurance rates decrease as gas
sales at the campus service station
increase.
The explanation of this lies in the
fact that all profits derived from the
.station business are devoted exclu
sively to the maintenance of the
Stanford Fire Department. With every
improvement in protection facilities
tlius made possible, the insurance
rates on campus property are accord
ingly lowered.
Paradoxical as it may seem, cam
pus insurance rates decrease as gas
sales at the campus service station
increase.
The explanation of this lies in the
fact that all profits derived from the
.station business are devoted exclu
sively to the maintenance of the
Stanford Fire Department. With every
improvement in protection facilities
tlius made possible, the insurance
rates on campus property are accord
ingly lowered.
Paradoxical as it may seem, cam
pus insurance rates decrease as gas
sales at the campus service station
increase.
The explanation of this lies in the
fact that all profits derived from the
.station business are devoted exclu
sively to the maintenance of the
Stanford Fire Department. With every
improvement in protection facilities
tlius made possible, the insurance
rates on campus property are accord
ingly lowered.
Paradoxical as it may seem, cam
pus insurance rates decrease as gas
sales at the campus service station
increase.
The explanation of this lies in the
fact that all profits derived from the
.station business are devoted exclu
sively to the maintenance of the
Stanford Fire Department. With every
improvement in protection facilities
tlius made possible, the insurance
rates on campus property are accord
ingly lowered.
Paradoxical as it may seem, cam
pus insurance rates decrease as gas
sales at the campus service station
increase.
The explanation of this lies in the
fact that all profits derived from the
.station business are devoted exclu
sively to the maintenance of the
Stanford Fire Department. With every
improvement in protection facilities
tlius made possible, the insurance
rates on campus property are accord
ingly lowered.
Paradoxical as it may seem, cam
pus insurance rates decrease as gas
sales at the campus service station
increase.
The explanation of this lies in the
fact that all profits derived from the
.station business are devoted exclu
sively to the maintenance of the
Stanford Fire Department. With every
improvement in protection facilities
tlius made possible, the insurance
rates on campus property are accord
ingly lowered.
Paradoxical as it may seem, cam
pus insurance rates decrease as gas
sales at the campus service station
increase.
The explanation of this lies in the
fact that all profits derived from the
.station business are devoted exclu
sively to the maintenance of the
Stanford Fire Department. With every
improvement in protection facilities
tlius made possible, the insurance
rates on campus property are accord
ingly lowered.
