# Al Smith, Roosevelt Wire Congratulations To Smith Club Here
## 
### 
Governor Alfred E. Smith wired his
congratulations to the 150 students
who attended the Smith-for-President
banquet last night. The text of the
telegram was as follows:
"Greetings to Stanford University
Smith-for-President Club. Hope your
banquet is a great success. Yours for
victory November 6." Signed: "Alfred
E. Smith."
Senator James D. Phelan and
Franklin D. Roosevelt also sent tele
grams which were received at the
banquet and in which they both ex
pressed that California needs Gover
nor Smith to solve "the great prob
lems on freedom: freedom of con
science and freedom from power
trusts."
Fred Weller presided as toastmaster
at the banquet. George Bodle, presi
dent of the Smith-for-President Club,
began the program with "The Stu
dents' Trend toward Al Smith." Mrs.
Charles L. Donohue, national commit
teewoman, in her toast declared that
"the women will vote with the same
intelligence, bitterness, or prejudices
that the men will." She quoted a
speech of Borah in which he said that
"whatever may be the ability of Mr.
Hoover there is one individual he
doesn't know exists —the American
taxpayer."
Judge Ralston gave his reasons for
not favoring Hoover, saying that
Hoover "wasn't a Quaker when he
advocated a large army and navy."
Colonel William Potter, '01, Adjutant
General of the Hawaiian Islands un
der Harding, scored the Republican
administration.
Governor Alfred E. Smith wired his
congratulations to the 150 students
who attended the Smith-for-President
banquet last night. The text of the
telegram was as follows:
"Greetings to Stanford University
Smith-for-President Club. Hope your
banquet is a great success. Yours for
victory November 6." Signed: "Alfred
E. Smith."
Senator James D. Phelan and
Franklin D. Roosevelt also sent tele
grams which were received at the
banquet and in which they both ex
pressed that California needs Gover
nor Smith to solve "the great prob
lems on freedom: freedom of con
science and freedom from power
trusts."
Fred Weller presided as toastmaster
at the banquet. George Bodle, presi
dent of the Smith-for-President Club,
began the program with "The Stu
dents' Trend toward Al Smith." Mrs.
Charles L. Donohue, national commit
teewoman, in her toast declared that
"the women will vote with the same
intelligence, bitterness, or prejudices
that the men will." She quoted a
speech of Borah in which he said that
"whatever may be the ability of Mr.
Hoover there is one individual he
doesn't know exists —the American
taxpayer."
Judge Ralston gave his reasons for
not favoring Hoover, saying that
Hoover "wasn't a Quaker when he
advocated a large army and navy."
Colonel William Potter, '01, Adjutant
General of the Hawaiian Islands un
der Harding, scored the Republican
administration.
Governor Alfred E. Smith wired his
congratulations to the 150 students
who attended the Smith-for-President
banquet last night. The text of the
telegram was as follows:
"Greetings to Stanford University
Smith-for-President Club. Hope your
banquet is a great success. Yours for
victory November 6." Signed: "Alfred
E. Smith."
Senator James D. Phelan and
Franklin D. Roosevelt also sent tele
grams which were received at the
banquet and in which they both ex
pressed that California needs Gover
nor Smith to solve "the great prob
lems on freedom: freedom of con
science and freedom from power
trusts."
Fred Weller presided as toastmaster
at the banquet. George Bodle, presi
dent of the Smith-for-President Club,
began the program with "The Stu
dents' Trend toward Al Smith." Mrs.
Charles L. Donohue, national commit
teewoman, in her toast declared that
"the women will vote with the same
intelligence, bitterness, or prejudices
that the men will." She quoted a
speech of Borah in which he said that
"whatever may be the ability of Mr.
Hoover there is one individual he
doesn't know exists —the American
taxpayer."
Judge Ralston gave his reasons for
not favoring Hoover, saying that
Hoover "wasn't a Quaker when he
advocated a large army and navy."
Colonel William Potter, '01, Adjutant
General of the Hawaiian Islands un
der Harding, scored the Republican
administration.
Governor Alfred E. Smith wired his
congratulations to the 150 students
who attended the Smith-for-President
banquet last night. The text of the
telegram was as follows:
"Greetings to Stanford University
Smith-for-President Club. Hope your
banquet is a great success. Yours for
victory November 6." Signed: "Alfred
E. Smith."
Senator James D. Phelan and
Franklin D. Roosevelt also sent tele
grams which were received at the
banquet and in which they both ex
pressed that California needs Gover
nor Smith to solve "the great prob
lems on freedom: freedom of con
science and freedom from power
trusts."
Fred Weller presided as toastmaster
at the banquet. George Bodle, presi
dent of the Smith-for-President Club,
began the program with "The Stu
dents' Trend toward Al Smith." Mrs.
Charles L. Donohue, national commit
teewoman, in her toast declared that
"the women will vote with the same
intelligence, bitterness, or prejudices
that the men will." She quoted a
speech of Borah in which he said that
"whatever may be the ability of Mr.
Hoover there is one individual he
doesn't know exists —the American
taxpayer."
Judge Ralston gave his reasons for
not favoring Hoover, saying that
Hoover "wasn't a Quaker when he
advocated a large army and navy."
Colonel William Potter, '01, Adjutant
General of the Hawaiian Islands un
der Harding, scored the Republican
administration.
Governor Alfred E. Smith wired his
congratulations to the 150 students
who attended the Smith-for-President
banquet last night. The text of the
telegram was as follows:
"Greetings to Stanford University
Smith-for-President Club. Hope your
banquet is a great success. Yours for
victory November 6." Signed: "Alfred
E. Smith."
Senator James D. Phelan and
Franklin D. Roosevelt also sent tele
grams which were received at the
banquet and in which they both ex
pressed that California needs Gover
nor Smith to solve "the great prob
lems on freedom: freedom of con
science and freedom from power
trusts."
Fred Weller presided as toastmaster
at the banquet. George Bodle, presi
dent of the Smith-for-President Club,
began the program with "The Stu
dents' Trend toward Al Smith." Mrs.
Charles L. Donohue, national commit
teewoman, in her toast declared that
"the women will vote with the same
intelligence, bitterness, or prejudices
that the men will." She quoted a
speech of Borah in which he said that
"whatever may be the ability of Mr.
Hoover there is one individual he
doesn't know exists —the American
taxpayer."
Judge Ralston gave his reasons for
not favoring Hoover, saying that
Hoover "wasn't a Quaker when he
advocated a large army and navy."
Colonel William Potter, '01, Adjutant
General of the Hawaiian Islands un
der Harding, scored the Republican
administration.
Governor Alfred E. Smith wired his
congratulations to the 150 students
who attended the Smith-for-President
banquet last night. The text of the
telegram was as follows:
"Greetings to Stanford University
Smith-for-President Club. Hope your
banquet is a great success. Yours for
victory November 6." Signed: "Alfred
E. Smith."
Senator James D. Phelan and
Franklin D. Roosevelt also sent tele
grams which were received at the
banquet and in which they both ex
pressed that California needs Gover
nor Smith to solve "the great prob
lems on freedom: freedom of con
science and freedom from power
trusts."
Fred Weller presided as toastmaster
at the banquet. George Bodle, presi
dent of the Smith-for-President Club,
began the program with "The Stu
dents' Trend toward Al Smith." Mrs.
Charles L. Donohue, national commit
teewoman, in her toast declared that
"the women will vote with the same
intelligence, bitterness, or prejudices
that the men will." She quoted a
speech of Borah in which he said that
"whatever may be the ability of Mr.
Hoover there is one individual he
doesn't know exists —the American
taxpayer."
Judge Ralston gave his reasons for
not favoring Hoover, saying that
Hoover "wasn't a Quaker when he
advocated a large army and navy."
Colonel William Potter, '01, Adjutant
General of the Hawaiian Islands un
der Harding, scored the Republican
administration.
Governor Alfred E. Smith wired his
congratulations to the 150 students
who attended the Smith-for-President
banquet last night. The text of the
telegram was as follows:
"Greetings to Stanford University
Smith-for-President Club. Hope your
banquet is a great success. Yours for
victory November 6." Signed: "Alfred
E. Smith."
Senator James D. Phelan and
Franklin D. Roosevelt also sent tele
grams which were received at the
banquet and in which they both ex
pressed that California needs Gover
nor Smith to solve "the great prob
lems on freedom: freedom of con
science and freedom from power
trusts."
Fred Weller presided as toastmaster
at the banquet. George Bodle, presi
dent of the Smith-for-President Club,
began the program with "The Stu
dents' Trend toward Al Smith." Mrs.
Charles L. Donohue, national commit
teewoman, in her toast declared that
"the women will vote with the same
intelligence, bitterness, or prejudices
that the men will." She quoted a
speech of Borah in which he said that
"whatever may be the ability of Mr.
Hoover there is one individual he
doesn't know exists —the American
taxpayer."
Judge Ralston gave his reasons for
not favoring Hoover, saying that
Hoover "wasn't a Quaker when he
advocated a large army and navy."
Colonel William Potter, '01, Adjutant
General of the Hawaiian Islands un
der Harding, scored the Republican
administration.
Governor Alfred E. Smith wired his
congratulations to the 150 students
who attended the Smith-for-President
banquet last night. The text of the
telegram was as follows:
"Greetings to Stanford University
Smith-for-President Club. Hope your
banquet is a great success. Yours for
victory November 6." Signed: "Alfred
E. Smith."
Senator James D. Phelan and
Franklin D. Roosevelt also sent tele
grams which were received at the
banquet and in which they both ex
pressed that California needs Gover
nor Smith to solve "the great prob
lems on freedom: freedom of con
science and freedom from power
trusts."
Fred Weller presided as toastmaster
at the banquet. George Bodle, presi
dent of the Smith-for-President Club,
began the program with "The Stu
dents' Trend toward Al Smith." Mrs.
Charles L. Donohue, national commit
teewoman, in her toast declared that
"the women will vote with the same
intelligence, bitterness, or prejudices
that the men will." She quoted a
speech of Borah in which he said that
"whatever may be the ability of Mr.
Hoover there is one individual he
doesn't know exists —the American
taxpayer."
Judge Ralston gave his reasons for
not favoring Hoover, saying that
Hoover "wasn't a Quaker when he
advocated a large army and navy."
Colonel William Potter, '01, Adjutant
General of the Hawaiian Islands un
der Harding, scored the Republican
administration.
Governor Alfred E. Smith wired his
congratulations to the 150 students
who attended the Smith-for-President
banquet last night. The text of the
telegram was as follows:
"Greetings to Stanford University
Smith-for-President Club. Hope your
banquet is a great success. Yours for
victory November 6." Signed: "Alfred
E. Smith."
Senator James D. Phelan and
Franklin D. Roosevelt also sent tele
grams which were received at the
banquet and in which they both ex
pressed that California needs Gover
nor Smith to solve "the great prob
lems on freedom: freedom of con
science and freedom from power
trusts."
Fred Weller presided as toastmaster
at the banquet. George Bodle, presi
dent of the Smith-for-President Club,
began the program with "The Stu
dents' Trend toward Al Smith." Mrs.
Charles L. Donohue, national commit
teewoman, in her toast declared that
"the women will vote with the same
intelligence, bitterness, or prejudices
that the men will." She quoted a
speech of Borah in which he said that
"whatever may be the ability of Mr.
Hoover there is one individual he
doesn't know exists —the American
taxpayer."
Judge Ralston gave his reasons for
not favoring Hoover, saying that
Hoover "wasn't a Quaker when he
advocated a large army and navy."
Colonel William Potter, '01, Adjutant
General of the Hawaiian Islands un
der Harding, scored the Republican
administration.
Governor Alfred E. Smith wired his
congratulations to the 150 students
who attended the Smith-for-President
banquet last night. The text of the
telegram was as follows:
"Greetings to Stanford University
Smith-for-President Club. Hope your
banquet is a great success. Yours for
victory November 6." Signed: "Alfred
E. Smith."
Senator James D. Phelan and
Franklin D. Roosevelt also sent tele
grams which were received at the
banquet and in which they both ex
pressed that California needs Gover
nor Smith to solve "the great prob
lems on freedom: freedom of con
science and freedom from power
trusts."
Fred Weller presided as toastmaster
at the banquet. George Bodle, presi
dent of the Smith-for-President Club,
began the program with "The Stu
dents' Trend toward Al Smith." Mrs.
Charles L. Donohue, national commit
teewoman, in her toast declared that
"the women will vote with the same
intelligence, bitterness, or prejudices
that the men will." She quoted a
speech of Borah in which he said that
"whatever may be the ability of Mr.
Hoover there is one individual he
doesn't know exists —the American
taxpayer."
Judge Ralston gave his reasons for
not favoring Hoover, saying that
Hoover "wasn't a Quaker when he
advocated a large army and navy."
Colonel William Potter, '01, Adjutant
General of the Hawaiian Islands un
der Harding, scored the Republican
administration.
Governor Alfred E. Smith wired his
congratulations to the 150 students
who attended the Smith-for-President
banquet last night. The text of the
telegram was as follows:
"Greetings to Stanford University
Smith-for-President Club. Hope your
banquet is a great success. Yours for
victory November 6." Signed: "Alfred
E. Smith."
Senator James D. Phelan and
Franklin D. Roosevelt also sent tele
grams which were received at the
banquet and in which they both ex
pressed that California needs Gover
nor Smith to solve "the great prob
lems on freedom: freedom of con
science and freedom from power
trusts."
Fred Weller presided as toastmaster
at the banquet. George Bodle, presi
dent of the Smith-for-President Club,
began the program with "The Stu
dents' Trend toward Al Smith." Mrs.
Charles L. Donohue, national commit
teewoman, in her toast declared that
"the women will vote with the same
intelligence, bitterness, or prejudices
that the men will." She quoted a
speech of Borah in which he said that
"whatever may be the ability of Mr.
Hoover there is one individual he
doesn't know exists —the American
taxpayer."
Judge Ralston gave his reasons for
not favoring Hoover, saying that
Hoover "wasn't a Quaker when he
advocated a large army and navy."
Colonel William Potter, '01, Adjutant
General of the Hawaiian Islands un
der Harding, scored the Republican
administration.
Governor Alfred E. Smith wired his
congratulations to the 150 students
who attended the Smith-for-President
banquet last night. The text of the
telegram was as follows:
"Greetings to Stanford University
Smith-for-President Club. Hope your
banquet is a great success. Yours for
victory November 6." Signed: "Alfred
E. Smith."
Senator James D. Phelan and
Franklin D. Roosevelt also sent tele
grams which were received at the
banquet and in which they both ex
pressed that California needs Gover
nor Smith to solve "the great prob
lems on freedom: freedom of con
science and freedom from power
trusts."
Fred Weller presided as toastmaster
at the banquet. George Bodle, presi
dent of the Smith-for-President Club,
began the program with "The Stu
dents' Trend toward Al Smith." Mrs.
Charles L. Donohue, national commit
teewoman, in her toast declared that
"the women will vote with the same
intelligence, bitterness, or prejudices
that the men will." She quoted a
speech of Borah in which he said that
"whatever may be the ability of Mr.
Hoover there is one individual he
doesn't know exists —the American
taxpayer."
Judge Ralston gave his reasons for
not favoring Hoover, saying that
Hoover "wasn't a Quaker when he
advocated a large army and navy."
Colonel William Potter, '01, Adjutant
General of the Hawaiian Islands un
der Harding, scored the Republican
administration.
Governor Alfred E. Smith wired his
congratulations to the 150 students
who attended the Smith-for-President
banquet last night. The text of the
telegram was as follows:
"Greetings to Stanford University
Smith-for-President Club. Hope your
banquet is a great success. Yours for
victory November 6." Signed: "Alfred
E. Smith."
Senator James D. Phelan and
Franklin D. Roosevelt also sent tele
grams which were received at the
banquet and in which they both ex
pressed that California needs Gover
nor Smith to solve "the great prob
lems on freedom: freedom of con
science and freedom from power
trusts."
Fred Weller presided as toastmaster
at the banquet. George Bodle, presi
dent of the Smith-for-President Club,
began the program with "The Stu
dents' Trend toward Al Smith." Mrs.
Charles L. Donohue, national commit
teewoman, in her toast declared that
"the women will vote with the same
intelligence, bitterness, or prejudices
that the men will." She quoted a
speech of Borah in which he said that
"whatever may be the ability of Mr.
Hoover there is one individual he
doesn't know exists —the American
taxpayer."
Judge Ralston gave his reasons for
not favoring Hoover, saying that
Hoover "wasn't a Quaker when he
advocated a large army and navy."
Colonel William Potter, '01, Adjutant
General of the Hawaiian Islands un
der Harding, scored the Republican
administration.
Governor Alfred E. Smith wired his
congratulations to the 150 students
who attended the Smith-for-President
banquet last night. The text of the
telegram was as follows:
"Greetings to Stanford University
Smith-for-President Club. Hope your
banquet is a great success. Yours for
victory November 6." Signed: "Alfred
E. Smith."
Senator James D. Phelan and
Franklin D. Roosevelt also sent tele
grams which were received at the
banquet and in which they both ex
pressed that California needs Gover
nor Smith to solve "the great prob
lems on freedom: freedom of con
science and freedom from power
trusts."
Fred Weller presided as toastmaster
at the banquet. George Bodle, presi
dent of the Smith-for-President Club,
began the program with "The Stu
dents' Trend toward Al Smith." Mrs.
Charles L. Donohue, national commit
teewoman, in her toast declared that
"the women will vote with the same
intelligence, bitterness, or prejudices
that the men will." She quoted a
speech of Borah in which he said that
"whatever may be the ability of Mr.
Hoover there is one individual he
doesn't know exists —the American
taxpayer."
Judge Ralston gave his reasons for
not favoring Hoover, saying that
Hoover "wasn't a Quaker when he
advocated a large army and navy."
Colonel William Potter, '01, Adjutant
General of the Hawaiian Islands un
der Harding, scored the Republican
administration.
Governor Alfred E. Smith wired his
congratulations to the 150 students
who attended the Smith-for-President
banquet last night. The text of the
telegram was as follows:
"Greetings to Stanford University
Smith-for-President Club. Hope your
banquet is a great success. Yours for
victory November 6." Signed: "Alfred
E. Smith."
Senator James D. Phelan and
Franklin D. Roosevelt also sent tele
grams which were received at the
banquet and in which they both ex
pressed that California needs Gover
nor Smith to solve "the great prob
lems on freedom: freedom of con
science and freedom from power
trusts."
Fred Weller presided as toastmaster
at the banquet. George Bodle, presi
dent of the Smith-for-President Club,
began the program with "The Stu
dents' Trend toward Al Smith." Mrs.
Charles L. Donohue, national commit
teewoman, in her toast declared that
"the women will vote with the same
intelligence, bitterness, or prejudices
that the men will." She quoted a
speech of Borah in which he said that
"whatever may be the ability of Mr.
Hoover there is one individual he
doesn't know exists —the American
taxpayer."
Judge Ralston gave his reasons for
not favoring Hoover, saying that
Hoover "wasn't a Quaker when he
advocated a large army and navy."
Colonel William Potter, '01, Adjutant
General of the Hawaiian Islands un
der Harding, scored the Republican
administration.
Governor Alfred E. Smith wired his
congratulations to the 150 students
who attended the Smith-for-President
banquet last night. The text of the
telegram was as follows:
"Greetings to Stanford University
Smith-for-President Club. Hope your
banquet is a great success. Yours for
victory November 6." Signed: "Alfred
E. Smith."
Senator James D. Phelan and
Franklin D. Roosevelt also sent tele
grams which were received at the
banquet and in which they both ex
pressed that California needs Gover
nor Smith to solve "the great prob
lems on freedom: freedom of con
science and freedom from power
trusts."
Fred Weller presided as toastmaster
at the banquet. George Bodle, presi
dent of the Smith-for-President Club,
began the program with "The Stu
dents' Trend toward Al Smith." Mrs.
Charles L. Donohue, national commit
teewoman, in her toast declared that
"the women will vote with the same
intelligence, bitterness, or prejudices
that the men will." She quoted a
speech of Borah in which he said that
"whatever may be the ability of Mr.
Hoover there is one individual he
doesn't know exists —the American
taxpayer."
Judge Ralston gave his reasons for
not favoring Hoover, saying that
Hoover "wasn't a Quaker when he
advocated a large army and navy."
Colonel William Potter, '01, Adjutant
General of the Hawaiian Islands un
der Harding, scored the Republican
administration.
