# ENGLISH CLUB MOVIE SETS NEARLY READY
## 
### 
Sets for the English Club motion
picture production of "Markheim"
are now virtually completed, ac
cording to the report last night by
Victor Ricketts, general manager of
the undertaking.
The backgrounds for the story of
murder are being constructed on the
campus by Stanford students. They
will be simple but capable of en
hancing the clever lighting effects
devised by Bill Palmer, who is pho
tographing the play.
If present plans are carried out,
the story by Stevenson will be cap
tured on celluloid in time for show
ing this quarter.
Sets for the English Club motion
picture production of "Markheim"
are now virtually completed, ac
cording to the report last night by
Victor Ricketts, general manager of
the undertaking.
The backgrounds for the story of
murder are being constructed on the
campus by Stanford students. They
will be simple but capable of en
hancing the clever lighting effects
devised by Bill Palmer, who is pho
tographing the play.
If present plans are carried out,
the story by Stevenson will be cap
tured on celluloid in time for show
ing this quarter.
Sets for the English Club motion
picture production of "Markheim"
are now virtually completed, ac
cording to the report last night by
Victor Ricketts, general manager of
the undertaking.
The backgrounds for the story of
murder are being constructed on the
campus by Stanford students. They
will be simple but capable of en
hancing the clever lighting effects
devised by Bill Palmer, who is pho
tographing the play.
If present plans are carried out,
the story by Stevenson will be cap
tured on celluloid in time for show
ing this quarter.
Sets for the English Club motion
picture production of "Markheim"
are now virtually completed, ac
cording to the report last night by
Victor Ricketts, general manager of
the undertaking.
The backgrounds for the story of
murder are being constructed on the
campus by Stanford students. They
will be simple but capable of en
hancing the clever lighting effects
devised by Bill Palmer, who is pho
tographing the play.
If present plans are carried out,
the story by Stevenson will be cap
tured on celluloid in time for show
ing this quarter.
Sets for the English Club motion
picture production of "Markheim"
are now virtually completed, ac
cording to the report last night by
Victor Ricketts, general manager of
the undertaking.
The backgrounds for the story of
murder are being constructed on the
campus by Stanford students. They
will be simple but capable of en
hancing the clever lighting effects
devised by Bill Palmer, who is pho
tographing the play.
If present plans are carried out,
the story by Stevenson will be cap
tured on celluloid in time for show
ing this quarter.
Sets for the English Club motion
picture production of "Markheim"
are now virtually completed, ac
cording to the report last night by
Victor Ricketts, general manager of
the undertaking.
The backgrounds for the story of
murder are being constructed on the
campus by Stanford students. They
will be simple but capable of en
hancing the clever lighting effects
devised by Bill Palmer, who is pho
tographing the play.
If present plans are carried out,
the story by Stevenson will be cap
tured on celluloid in time for show
ing this quarter.
Sets for the English Club motion
picture production of "Markheim"
are now virtually completed, ac
cording to the report last night by
Victor Ricketts, general manager of
the undertaking.
The backgrounds for the story of
murder are being constructed on the
campus by Stanford students. They
will be simple but capable of en
hancing the clever lighting effects
devised by Bill Palmer, who is pho
tographing the play.
If present plans are carried out,
the story by Stevenson will be cap
tured on celluloid in time for show
ing this quarter.
Sets for the English Club motion
picture production of "Markheim"
are now virtually completed, ac
cording to the report last night by
Victor Ricketts, general manager of
the undertaking.
The backgrounds for the story of
murder are being constructed on the
campus by Stanford students. They
will be simple but capable of en
hancing the clever lighting effects
devised by Bill Palmer, who is pho
tographing the play.
If present plans are carried out,
the story by Stevenson will be cap
tured on celluloid in time for show
ing this quarter.
Sets for the English Club motion
picture production of "Markheim"
are now virtually completed, ac
cording to the report last night by
Victor Ricketts, general manager of
the undertaking.
The backgrounds for the story of
murder are being constructed on the
campus by Stanford students. They
will be simple but capable of en
hancing the clever lighting effects
devised by Bill Palmer, who is pho
tographing the play.
If present plans are carried out,
the story by Stevenson will be cap
tured on celluloid in time for show
ing this quarter.
Sets for the English Club motion
picture production of "Markheim"
are now virtually completed, ac
cording to the report last night by
Victor Ricketts, general manager of
the undertaking.
The backgrounds for the story of
murder are being constructed on the
campus by Stanford students. They
will be simple but capable of en
hancing the clever lighting effects
devised by Bill Palmer, who is pho
tographing the play.
If present plans are carried out,
the story by Stevenson will be cap
tured on celluloid in time for show
ing this quarter.
Sets for the English Club motion
picture production of "Markheim"
are now virtually completed, ac
cording to the report last night by
Victor Ricketts, general manager of
the undertaking.
The backgrounds for the story of
murder are being constructed on the
campus by Stanford students. They
will be simple but capable of en
hancing the clever lighting effects
devised by Bill Palmer, who is pho
tographing the play.
If present plans are carried out,
the story by Stevenson will be cap
tured on celluloid in time for show
ing this quarter.
Sets for the English Club motion
picture production of "Markheim"
are now virtually completed, ac
cording to the report last night by
Victor Ricketts, general manager of
the undertaking.
The backgrounds for the story of
murder are being constructed on the
campus by Stanford students. They
will be simple but capable of en
hancing the clever lighting effects
devised by Bill Palmer, who is pho
tographing the play.
If present plans are carried out,
the story by Stevenson will be cap
tured on celluloid in time for show
ing this quarter.
Sets for the English Club motion
picture production of "Markheim"
are now virtually completed, ac
cording to the report last night by
Victor Ricketts, general manager of
the undertaking.
The backgrounds for the story of
murder are being constructed on the
campus by Stanford students. They
will be simple but capable of en
hancing the clever lighting effects
devised by Bill Palmer, who is pho
tographing the play.
If present plans are carried out,
the story by Stevenson will be cap
tured on celluloid in time for show
ing this quarter.
Sets for the English Club motion
picture production of "Markheim"
are now virtually completed, ac
cording to the report last night by
Victor Ricketts, general manager of
the undertaking.
The backgrounds for the story of
murder are being constructed on the
campus by Stanford students. They
will be simple but capable of en
hancing the clever lighting effects
devised by Bill Palmer, who is pho
tographing the play.
If present plans are carried out,
the story by Stevenson will be cap
tured on celluloid in time for show
ing this quarter.
Sets for the English Club motion
picture production of "Markheim"
are now virtually completed, ac
cording to the report last night by
Victor Ricketts, general manager of
the undertaking.
The backgrounds for the story of
murder are being constructed on the
campus by Stanford students. They
will be simple but capable of en
hancing the clever lighting effects
devised by Bill Palmer, who is pho
tographing the play.
If present plans are carried out,
the story by Stevenson will be cap
tured on celluloid in time for show
ing this quarter.
