# ANNOUNCEMENTS
## 
### 
FRiPAy
2 p.m.—Oral examination for the
doctorate. A. Russel Buchanan, in
Room 308, Library.
3 p.m.—Oral examination for doctor
ate. Lewis A. Thayer, in Room
310, Library.
FRIDAY
8 p.m.—The Faculty Club will hold
its regular monthly meeting in the
Faculty Clubhouse.
8-10 p.m.—Program given by Chi
nese students for all Stanford stu
dents and faculty in the Old
Union.
SATURDAY
5 p.m.—Members of the Cosmopoli
tan Club will meet in the Union
court for an evening picnic.
MISCELLANEOUS
Tuesday, May 5—Last day for ap
plications for graduation in June,
1931.
The examination in
Phyhics 26 will'be given in room
370 on Tuesday, May 5, from 7:30
to 8:30 o'clock. The laboratory re
ports in the same course will be
returned Friday afternoon, May
first.
FRiPAy
2 p.m.—Oral examination for the
doctorate. A. Russel Buchanan, in
Room 308, Library.
3 p.m.—Oral examination for doctor
ate. Lewis A. Thayer, in Room
310, Library.
FRIDAY
8 p.m.—The Faculty Club will hold
its regular monthly meeting in the
Faculty Clubhouse.
8-10 p.m.—Program given by Chi
nese students for all Stanford stu
dents and faculty in the Old
Union.
SATURDAY
5 p.m.—Members of the Cosmopoli
tan Club will meet in the Union
court for an evening picnic.
MISCELLANEOUS
Tuesday, May 5—Last day for ap
plications for graduation in June,
1931.
The examination in
Phyhics 26 will'be given in room
370 on Tuesday, May 5, from 7:30
to 8:30 o'clock. The laboratory re
ports in the same course will be
returned Friday afternoon, May
first.
FRiPAy
2 p.m.—Oral examination for the
doctorate. A. Russel Buchanan, in
Room 308, Library.
3 p.m.—Oral examination for doctor
ate. Lewis A. Thayer, in Room
310, Library.
FRIDAY
8 p.m.—The Faculty Club will hold
its regular monthly meeting in the
Faculty Clubhouse.
8-10 p.m.—Program given by Chi
nese students for all Stanford stu
dents and faculty in the Old
Union.
SATURDAY
5 p.m.—Members of the Cosmopoli
tan Club will meet in the Union
court for an evening picnic.
MISCELLANEOUS
Tuesday, May 5—Last day for ap
plications for graduation in June,
1931.
The examination in
Phyhics 26 will'be given in room
370 on Tuesday, May 5, from 7:30
to 8:30 o'clock. The laboratory re
ports in the same course will be
returned Friday afternoon, May
first.
FRiPAy
2 p.m.—Oral examination for the
doctorate. A. Russel Buchanan, in
Room 308, Library.
3 p.m.—Oral examination for doctor
ate. Lewis A. Thayer, in Room
310, Library.
FRIDAY
8 p.m.—The Faculty Club will hold
its regular monthly meeting in the
Faculty Clubhouse.
8-10 p.m.—Program given by Chi
nese students for all Stanford stu
dents and faculty in the Old
Union.
SATURDAY
5 p.m.—Members of the Cosmopoli
tan Club will meet in the Union
court for an evening picnic.
MISCELLANEOUS
Tuesday, May 5—Last day for ap
plications for graduation in June,
1931.
The examination in
Phyhics 26 will'be given in room
370 on Tuesday, May 5, from 7:30
to 8:30 o'clock. The laboratory re
ports in the same course will be
returned Friday afternoon, May
first.
FRiPAy
2 p.m.—Oral examination for the
doctorate. A. Russel Buchanan, in
Room 308, Library.
3 p.m.—Oral examination for doctor
ate. Lewis A. Thayer, in Room
310, Library.
FRIDAY
8 p.m.—The Faculty Club will hold
its regular monthly meeting in the
Faculty Clubhouse.
8-10 p.m.—Program given by Chi
nese students for all Stanford stu
dents and faculty in the Old
Union.
SATURDAY
5 p.m.—Members of the Cosmopoli
tan Club will meet in the Union
court for an evening picnic.
MISCELLANEOUS
Tuesday, May 5—Last day for ap
plications for graduation in June,
1931.
The examination in
Phyhics 26 will'be given in room
370 on Tuesday, May 5, from 7:30
to 8:30 o'clock. The laboratory re
ports in the same course will be
returned Friday afternoon, May
first.
FRiPAy
2 p.m.—Oral examination for the
doctorate. A. Russel Buchanan, in
Room 308, Library.
3 p.m.—Oral examination for doctor
ate. Lewis A. Thayer, in Room
310, Library.
FRIDAY
8 p.m.—The Faculty Club will hold
its regular monthly meeting in the
Faculty Clubhouse.
8-10 p.m.—Program given by Chi
nese students for all Stanford stu
dents and faculty in the Old
Union.
SATURDAY
5 p.m.—Members of the Cosmopoli
tan Club will meet in the Union
court for an evening picnic.
MISCELLANEOUS
Tuesday, May 5—Last day for ap
plications for graduation in June,
1931.
The examination in
Phyhics 26 will'be given in room
370 on Tuesday, May 5, from 7:30
to 8:30 o'clock. The laboratory re
ports in the same course will be
returned Friday afternoon, May
first.
FRiPAy
2 p.m.—Oral examination for the
doctorate. A. Russel Buchanan, in
Room 308, Library.
3 p.m.—Oral examination for doctor
ate. Lewis A. Thayer, in Room
310, Library.
FRIDAY
8 p.m.—The Faculty Club will hold
its regular monthly meeting in the
Faculty Clubhouse.
8-10 p.m.—Program given by Chi
nese students for all Stanford stu
dents and faculty in the Old
Union.
SATURDAY
5 p.m.—Members of the Cosmopoli
tan Club will meet in the Union
court for an evening picnic.
MISCELLANEOUS
Tuesday, May 5—Last day for ap
plications for graduation in June,
1931.
The examination in
Phyhics 26 will'be given in room
370 on Tuesday, May 5, from 7:30
to 8:30 o'clock. The laboratory re
ports in the same course will be
returned Friday afternoon, May
first.
FRiPAy
2 p.m.—Oral examination for the
doctorate. A. Russel Buchanan, in
Room 308, Library.
3 p.m.—Oral examination for doctor
ate. Lewis A. Thayer, in Room
310, Library.
FRIDAY
8 p.m.—The Faculty Club will hold
its regular monthly meeting in the
Faculty Clubhouse.
8-10 p.m.—Program given by Chi
nese students for all Stanford stu
dents and faculty in the Old
Union.
SATURDAY
5 p.m.—Members of the Cosmopoli
tan Club will meet in the Union
court for an evening picnic.
MISCELLANEOUS
Tuesday, May 5—Last day for ap
plications for graduation in June,
1931.
The examination in
Phyhics 26 will'be given in room
370 on Tuesday, May 5, from 7:30
to 8:30 o'clock. The laboratory re
ports in the same course will be
returned Friday afternoon, May
first.
FRiPAy
2 p.m.—Oral examination for the
doctorate. A. Russel Buchanan, in
Room 308, Library.
3 p.m.—Oral examination for doctor
ate. Lewis A. Thayer, in Room
310, Library.
FRIDAY
8 p.m.—The Faculty Club will hold
its regular monthly meeting in the
Faculty Clubhouse.
8-10 p.m.—Program given by Chi
nese students for all Stanford stu
dents and faculty in the Old
Union.
SATURDAY
5 p.m.—Members of the Cosmopoli
tan Club will meet in the Union
court for an evening picnic.
MISCELLANEOUS
Tuesday, May 5—Last day for ap
plications for graduation in June,
1931.
The examination in
Phyhics 26 will'be given in room
370 on Tuesday, May 5, from 7:30
to 8:30 o'clock. The laboratory re
ports in the same course will be
returned Friday afternoon, May
first.
FRiPAy
2 p.m.—Oral examination for the
doctorate. A. Russel Buchanan, in
Room 308, Library.
3 p.m.—Oral examination for doctor
ate. Lewis A. Thayer, in Room
310, Library.
FRIDAY
8 p.m.—The Faculty Club will hold
its regular monthly meeting in the
Faculty Clubhouse.
8-10 p.m.—Program given by Chi
nese students for all Stanford stu
dents and faculty in the Old
Union.
SATURDAY
5 p.m.—Members of the Cosmopoli
tan Club will meet in the Union
court for an evening picnic.
MISCELLANEOUS
Tuesday, May 5—Last day for ap
plications for graduation in June,
1931.
The examination in
Phyhics 26 will'be given in room
370 on Tuesday, May 5, from 7:30
to 8:30 o'clock. The laboratory re
ports in the same course will be
returned Friday afternoon, May
first.
FRiPAy
2 p.m.—Oral examination for the
doctorate. A. Russel Buchanan, in
Room 308, Library.
3 p.m.—Oral examination for doctor
ate. Lewis A. Thayer, in Room
310, Library.
FRIDAY
8 p.m.—The Faculty Club will hold
its regular monthly meeting in the
Faculty Clubhouse.
8-10 p.m.—Program given by Chi
nese students for all Stanford stu
dents and faculty in the Old
Union.
SATURDAY
5 p.m.—Members of the Cosmopoli
tan Club will meet in the Union
court for an evening picnic.
MISCELLANEOUS
Tuesday, May 5—Last day for ap
plications for graduation in June,
1931.
The examination in
Phyhics 26 will'be given in room
370 on Tuesday, May 5, from 7:30
to 8:30 o'clock. The laboratory re
ports in the same course will be
returned Friday afternoon, May
first.
FRiPAy
2 p.m.—Oral examination for the
doctorate. A. Russel Buchanan, in
Room 308, Library.
3 p.m.—Oral examination for doctor
ate. Lewis A. Thayer, in Room
310, Library.
FRIDAY
8 p.m.—The Faculty Club will hold
its regular monthly meeting in the
Faculty Clubhouse.
8-10 p.m.—Program given by Chi
nese students for all Stanford stu
dents and faculty in the Old
Union.
SATURDAY
5 p.m.—Members of the Cosmopoli
tan Club will meet in the Union
court for an evening picnic.
MISCELLANEOUS
Tuesday, May 5—Last day for ap
plications for graduation in June,
1931.
The examination in
Phyhics 26 will'be given in room
370 on Tuesday, May 5, from 7:30
to 8:30 o'clock. The laboratory re
ports in the same course will be
returned Friday afternoon, May
first.
FRiPAy
2 p.m.—Oral examination for the
doctorate. A. Russel Buchanan, in
Room 308, Library.
3 p.m.—Oral examination for doctor
ate. Lewis A. Thayer, in Room
310, Library.
FRIDAY
8 p.m.—The Faculty Club will hold
its regular monthly meeting in the
Faculty Clubhouse.
8-10 p.m.—Program given by Chi
nese students for all Stanford stu
dents and faculty in the Old
Union.
SATURDAY
5 p.m.—Members of the Cosmopoli
tan Club will meet in the Union
court for an evening picnic.
MISCELLANEOUS
Tuesday, May 5—Last day for ap
plications for graduation in June,
1931.
The examination in
Phyhics 26 will'be given in room
370 on Tuesday, May 5, from 7:30
to 8:30 o'clock. The laboratory re
ports in the same course will be
returned Friday afternoon, May
first.
FRiPAy
2 p.m.—Oral examination for the
doctorate. A. Russel Buchanan, in
Room 308, Library.
3 p.m.—Oral examination for doctor
ate. Lewis A. Thayer, in Room
310, Library.
FRIDAY
8 p.m.—The Faculty Club will hold
its regular monthly meeting in the
Faculty Clubhouse.
8-10 p.m.—Program given by Chi
nese students for all Stanford stu
dents and faculty in the Old
Union.
SATURDAY
5 p.m.—Members of the Cosmopoli
tan Club will meet in the Union
court for an evening picnic.
MISCELLANEOUS
Tuesday, May 5—Last day for ap
plications for graduation in June,
1931.
The examination in
Phyhics 26 will'be given in room
370 on Tuesday, May 5, from 7:30
to 8:30 o'clock. The laboratory re
ports in the same course will be
returned Friday afternoon, May
first.
FRiPAy
2 p.m.—Oral examination for the
doctorate. A. Russel Buchanan, in
Room 308, Library.
3 p.m.—Oral examination for doctor
ate. Lewis A. Thayer, in Room
310, Library.
FRIDAY
8 p.m.—The Faculty Club will hold
its regular monthly meeting in the
Faculty Clubhouse.
8-10 p.m.—Program given by Chi
nese students for all Stanford stu
dents and faculty in the Old
Union.
SATURDAY
5 p.m.—Members of the Cosmopoli
tan Club will meet in the Union
court for an evening picnic.
MISCELLANEOUS
Tuesday, May 5—Last day for ap
plications for graduation in June,
1931.
The examination in
Phyhics 26 will'be given in room
370 on Tuesday, May 5, from 7:30
to 8:30 o'clock. The laboratory re
ports in the same course will be
returned Friday afternoon, May
first.
