# MURAL NET TILTS ENTER SEMI-FINAL ROUNDS THIS WEEK
## 
### 
Carrying the slow-moving intra
mural tennis tournament into the
semi-rfinal round this week, Sigma
Nu worked into the ranks of the top
four by trampling over Delta Chi
2 to 0. Represented by George Berg
strom and Hubert Butler, ranked
number 13 and nine respectively, on
the varsity list, Sigma Nu had no
great difficulty with their oppon
ents, Gibbs and Swift. This is the
first team to enter the semi-final
round so far.
Southerners II, represented by
Kelsey Petterson, number eight on
the varsity, and John Gordon, took
down Lohman and Dodge, compet
ing under the Encina 3W name, to
advance to the quarter-finals. They
will next face Delta Tau Delta for
the semi-final honors. There are
now six teams in the quarter-final
stage, with but two brackets re
maining unfilled.
Carrying the slow-moving intra
mural tennis tournament into the
semi-rfinal round this week, Sigma
Nu worked into the ranks of the top
four by trampling over Delta Chi
2 to 0. Represented by George Berg
strom and Hubert Butler, ranked
number 13 and nine respectively, on
the varsity list, Sigma Nu had no
great difficulty with their oppon
ents, Gibbs and Swift. This is the
first team to enter the semi-final
round so far.
Southerners II, represented by
Kelsey Petterson, number eight on
the varsity, and John Gordon, took
down Lohman and Dodge, compet
ing under the Encina 3W name, to
advance to the quarter-finals. They
will next face Delta Tau Delta for
the semi-final honors. There are
now six teams in the quarter-final
stage, with but two brackets re
maining unfilled.
Carrying the slow-moving intra
mural tennis tournament into the
semi-rfinal round this week, Sigma
Nu worked into the ranks of the top
four by trampling over Delta Chi
2 to 0. Represented by George Berg
strom and Hubert Butler, ranked
number 13 and nine respectively, on
the varsity list, Sigma Nu had no
great difficulty with their oppon
ents, Gibbs and Swift. This is the
first team to enter the semi-final
round so far.
Southerners II, represented by
Kelsey Petterson, number eight on
the varsity, and John Gordon, took
down Lohman and Dodge, compet
ing under the Encina 3W name, to
advance to the quarter-finals. They
will next face Delta Tau Delta for
the semi-final honors. There are
now six teams in the quarter-final
stage, with but two brackets re
maining unfilled.
Carrying the slow-moving intra
mural tennis tournament into the
semi-rfinal round this week, Sigma
Nu worked into the ranks of the top
four by trampling over Delta Chi
2 to 0. Represented by George Berg
strom and Hubert Butler, ranked
number 13 and nine respectively, on
the varsity list, Sigma Nu had no
great difficulty with their oppon
ents, Gibbs and Swift. This is the
first team to enter the semi-final
round so far.
Southerners II, represented by
Kelsey Petterson, number eight on
the varsity, and John Gordon, took
down Lohman and Dodge, compet
ing under the Encina 3W name, to
advance to the quarter-finals. They
will next face Delta Tau Delta for
the semi-final honors. There are
now six teams in the quarter-final
stage, with but two brackets re
maining unfilled.
Carrying the slow-moving intra
mural tennis tournament into the
semi-rfinal round this week, Sigma
Nu worked into the ranks of the top
four by trampling over Delta Chi
2 to 0. Represented by George Berg
strom and Hubert Butler, ranked
number 13 and nine respectively, on
the varsity list, Sigma Nu had no
great difficulty with their oppon
ents, Gibbs and Swift. This is the
first team to enter the semi-final
round so far.
Southerners II, represented by
Kelsey Petterson, number eight on
the varsity, and John Gordon, took
down Lohman and Dodge, compet
ing under the Encina 3W name, to
advance to the quarter-finals. They
will next face Delta Tau Delta for
the semi-final honors. There are
now six teams in the quarter-final
stage, with but two brackets re
maining unfilled.
Carrying the slow-moving intra
mural tennis tournament into the
semi-rfinal round this week, Sigma
Nu worked into the ranks of the top
four by trampling over Delta Chi
2 to 0. Represented by George Berg
strom and Hubert Butler, ranked
number 13 and nine respectively, on
the varsity list, Sigma Nu had no
great difficulty with their oppon
ents, Gibbs and Swift. This is the
first team to enter the semi-final
round so far.
Southerners II, represented by
Kelsey Petterson, number eight on
the varsity, and John Gordon, took
down Lohman and Dodge, compet
ing under the Encina 3W name, to
advance to the quarter-finals. They
will next face Delta Tau Delta for
the semi-final honors. There are
now six teams in the quarter-final
stage, with but two brackets re
maining unfilled.
Carrying the slow-moving intra
mural tennis tournament into the
semi-rfinal round this week, Sigma
Nu worked into the ranks of the top
four by trampling over Delta Chi
2 to 0. Represented by George Berg
strom and Hubert Butler, ranked
number 13 and nine respectively, on
the varsity list, Sigma Nu had no
great difficulty with their oppon
ents, Gibbs and Swift. This is the
first team to enter the semi-final
round so far.
Southerners II, represented by
Kelsey Petterson, number eight on
the varsity, and John Gordon, took
down Lohman and Dodge, compet
ing under the Encina 3W name, to
advance to the quarter-finals. They
will next face Delta Tau Delta for
the semi-final honors. There are
now six teams in the quarter-final
stage, with but two brackets re
maining unfilled.
Carrying the slow-moving intra
mural tennis tournament into the
semi-rfinal round this week, Sigma
Nu worked into the ranks of the top
four by trampling over Delta Chi
2 to 0. Represented by George Berg
strom and Hubert Butler, ranked
number 13 and nine respectively, on
the varsity list, Sigma Nu had no
great difficulty with their oppon
ents, Gibbs and Swift. This is the
first team to enter the semi-final
round so far.
Southerners II, represented by
Kelsey Petterson, number eight on
the varsity, and John Gordon, took
down Lohman and Dodge, compet
ing under the Encina 3W name, to
advance to the quarter-finals. They
will next face Delta Tau Delta for
the semi-final honors. There are
now six teams in the quarter-final
stage, with but two brackets re
maining unfilled.
Carrying the slow-moving intra
mural tennis tournament into the
semi-rfinal round this week, Sigma
Nu worked into the ranks of the top
four by trampling over Delta Chi
2 to 0. Represented by George Berg
strom and Hubert Butler, ranked
number 13 and nine respectively, on
the varsity list, Sigma Nu had no
great difficulty with their oppon
ents, Gibbs and Swift. This is the
first team to enter the semi-final
round so far.
Southerners II, represented by
Kelsey Petterson, number eight on
the varsity, and John Gordon, took
down Lohman and Dodge, compet
ing under the Encina 3W name, to
advance to the quarter-finals. They
will next face Delta Tau Delta for
the semi-final honors. There are
now six teams in the quarter-final
stage, with but two brackets re
maining unfilled.
Carrying the slow-moving intra
mural tennis tournament into the
semi-rfinal round this week, Sigma
Nu worked into the ranks of the top
four by trampling over Delta Chi
2 to 0. Represented by George Berg
strom and Hubert Butler, ranked
number 13 and nine respectively, on
the varsity list, Sigma Nu had no
great difficulty with their oppon
ents, Gibbs and Swift. This is the
first team to enter the semi-final
round so far.
Southerners II, represented by
Kelsey Petterson, number eight on
the varsity, and John Gordon, took
down Lohman and Dodge, compet
ing under the Encina 3W name, to
advance to the quarter-finals. They
will next face Delta Tau Delta for
the semi-final honors. There are
now six teams in the quarter-final
stage, with but two brackets re
maining unfilled.
Carrying the slow-moving intra
mural tennis tournament into the
semi-rfinal round this week, Sigma
Nu worked into the ranks of the top
four by trampling over Delta Chi
2 to 0. Represented by George Berg
strom and Hubert Butler, ranked
number 13 and nine respectively, on
the varsity list, Sigma Nu had no
great difficulty with their oppon
ents, Gibbs and Swift. This is the
first team to enter the semi-final
round so far.
Southerners II, represented by
Kelsey Petterson, number eight on
the varsity, and John Gordon, took
down Lohman and Dodge, compet
ing under the Encina 3W name, to
advance to the quarter-finals. They
will next face Delta Tau Delta for
the semi-final honors. There are
now six teams in the quarter-final
stage, with but two brackets re
maining unfilled.
Carrying the slow-moving intra
mural tennis tournament into the
semi-rfinal round this week, Sigma
Nu worked into the ranks of the top
four by trampling over Delta Chi
2 to 0. Represented by George Berg
strom and Hubert Butler, ranked
number 13 and nine respectively, on
the varsity list, Sigma Nu had no
great difficulty with their oppon
ents, Gibbs and Swift. This is the
first team to enter the semi-final
round so far.
Southerners II, represented by
Kelsey Petterson, number eight on
the varsity, and John Gordon, took
down Lohman and Dodge, compet
ing under the Encina 3W name, to
advance to the quarter-finals. They
will next face Delta Tau Delta for
the semi-final honors. There are
now six teams in the quarter-final
stage, with but two brackets re
maining unfilled.
Carrying the slow-moving intra
mural tennis tournament into the
semi-rfinal round this week, Sigma
Nu worked into the ranks of the top
four by trampling over Delta Chi
2 to 0. Represented by George Berg
strom and Hubert Butler, ranked
number 13 and nine respectively, on
the varsity list, Sigma Nu had no
great difficulty with their oppon
ents, Gibbs and Swift. This is the
first team to enter the semi-final
round so far.
Southerners II, represented by
Kelsey Petterson, number eight on
the varsity, and John Gordon, took
down Lohman and Dodge, compet
ing under the Encina 3W name, to
advance to the quarter-finals. They
will next face Delta Tau Delta for
the semi-final honors. There are
now six teams in the quarter-final
stage, with but two brackets re
maining unfilled.
Carrying the slow-moving intra
mural tennis tournament into the
semi-rfinal round this week, Sigma
Nu worked into the ranks of the top
four by trampling over Delta Chi
2 to 0. Represented by George Berg
strom and Hubert Butler, ranked
number 13 and nine respectively, on
the varsity list, Sigma Nu had no
great difficulty with their oppon
ents, Gibbs and Swift. This is the
first team to enter the semi-final
round so far.
Southerners II, represented by
Kelsey Petterson, number eight on
the varsity, and John Gordon, took
down Lohman and Dodge, compet
ing under the Encina 3W name, to
advance to the quarter-finals. They
will next face Delta Tau Delta for
the semi-final honors. There are
now six teams in the quarter-final
stage, with but two brackets re
maining unfilled.
Carrying the slow-moving intra
mural tennis tournament into the
semi-rfinal round this week, Sigma
Nu worked into the ranks of the top
four by trampling over Delta Chi
2 to 0. Represented by George Berg
strom and Hubert Butler, ranked
number 13 and nine respectively, on
the varsity list, Sigma Nu had no
great difficulty with their oppon
ents, Gibbs and Swift. This is the
first team to enter the semi-final
round so far.
Southerners II, represented by
Kelsey Petterson, number eight on
the varsity, and John Gordon, took
down Lohman and Dodge, compet
ing under the Encina 3W name, to
advance to the quarter-finals. They
will next face Delta Tau Delta for
the semi-final honors. There are
now six teams in the quarter-final
stage, with but two brackets re
maining unfilled.
