# OHIO SCHOOLGIRL, 6, ATTACKED BY LION
## 
### 
CINCINNATI, O., April 30. (/PI—
Vivian Leischner, 6, was seriously
injured when she was attacked and
clawed by a lion who had been
taken to the Whittier School for ex
hibition purposes. At Price Hill
Emergency Hospital, it was reported
later that she was suffering from a
skull fracture and severe cuts and
that her condition was critical.
The lion and two bears, police
said, were taken to the school by
William' Harwood, owner of a pri
vate zoo, who was to give a lec
ture to the pupils.
As the Leischner girl entered the
room, the lion clawed at her, his
claws striking her head. She suf
fered deep lacerations on the face.
Officers said the lion reared on
its hind legs and attempted a second
attacak when patrolmen went into
the room but turned away as a re
volver was pointed at it.
CINCINNATI, O., April 30. (/PI—
Vivian Leischner, 6, was seriously
injured when she was attacked and
clawed by a lion who had been
taken to the Whittier School for ex
hibition purposes. At Price Hill
Emergency Hospital, it was reported
later that she was suffering from a
skull fracture and severe cuts and
that her condition was critical.
The lion and two bears, police
said, were taken to the school by
William' Harwood, owner of a pri
vate zoo, who was to give a lec
ture to the pupils.
As the Leischner girl entered the
room, the lion clawed at her, his
claws striking her head. She suf
fered deep lacerations on the face.
Officers said the lion reared on
its hind legs and attempted a second
attacak when patrolmen went into
the room but turned away as a re
volver was pointed at it.
CINCINNATI, O., April 30. (/PI—
Vivian Leischner, 6, was seriously
injured when she was attacked and
clawed by a lion who had been
taken to the Whittier School for ex
hibition purposes. At Price Hill
Emergency Hospital, it was reported
later that she was suffering from a
skull fracture and severe cuts and
that her condition was critical.
The lion and two bears, police
said, were taken to the school by
William' Harwood, owner of a pri
vate zoo, who was to give a lec
ture to the pupils.
As the Leischner girl entered the
room, the lion clawed at her, his
claws striking her head. She suf
fered deep lacerations on the face.
Officers said the lion reared on
its hind legs and attempted a second
attacak when patrolmen went into
the room but turned away as a re
volver was pointed at it.
CINCINNATI, O., April 30. (/PI—
Vivian Leischner, 6, was seriously
injured when she was attacked and
clawed by a lion who had been
taken to the Whittier School for ex
hibition purposes. At Price Hill
Emergency Hospital, it was reported
later that she was suffering from a
skull fracture and severe cuts and
that her condition was critical.
The lion and two bears, police
said, were taken to the school by
William' Harwood, owner of a pri
vate zoo, who was to give a lec
ture to the pupils.
As the Leischner girl entered the
room, the lion clawed at her, his
claws striking her head. She suf
fered deep lacerations on the face.
Officers said the lion reared on
its hind legs and attempted a second
attacak when patrolmen went into
the room but turned away as a re
volver was pointed at it.
CINCINNATI, O., April 30. (/PI—
Vivian Leischner, 6, was seriously
injured when she was attacked and
clawed by a lion who had been
taken to the Whittier School for ex
hibition purposes. At Price Hill
Emergency Hospital, it was reported
later that she was suffering from a
skull fracture and severe cuts and
that her condition was critical.
The lion and two bears, police
said, were taken to the school by
William' Harwood, owner of a pri
vate zoo, who was to give a lec
ture to the pupils.
As the Leischner girl entered the
room, the lion clawed at her, his
claws striking her head. She suf
fered deep lacerations on the face.
Officers said the lion reared on
its hind legs and attempted a second
attacak when patrolmen went into
the room but turned away as a re
volver was pointed at it.
CINCINNATI, O., April 30. (/PI—
Vivian Leischner, 6, was seriously
injured when she was attacked and
clawed by a lion who had been
taken to the Whittier School for ex
hibition purposes. At Price Hill
Emergency Hospital, it was reported
later that she was suffering from a
skull fracture and severe cuts and
that her condition was critical.
The lion and two bears, police
said, were taken to the school by
William' Harwood, owner of a pri
vate zoo, who was to give a lec
ture to the pupils.
As the Leischner girl entered the
room, the lion clawed at her, his
claws striking her head. She suf
fered deep lacerations on the face.
Officers said the lion reared on
its hind legs and attempted a second
attacak when patrolmen went into
the room but turned away as a re
volver was pointed at it.
CINCINNATI, O., April 30. (/PI—
Vivian Leischner, 6, was seriously
injured when she was attacked and
clawed by a lion who had been
taken to the Whittier School for ex
hibition purposes. At Price Hill
Emergency Hospital, it was reported
later that she was suffering from a
skull fracture and severe cuts and
that her condition was critical.
The lion and two bears, police
said, were taken to the school by
William' Harwood, owner of a pri
vate zoo, who was to give a lec
ture to the pupils.
As the Leischner girl entered the
room, the lion clawed at her, his
claws striking her head. She suf
fered deep lacerations on the face.
Officers said the lion reared on
its hind legs and attempted a second
attacak when patrolmen went into
the room but turned away as a re
volver was pointed at it.
CINCINNATI, O., April 30. (/PI—
Vivian Leischner, 6, was seriously
injured when she was attacked and
clawed by a lion who had been
taken to the Whittier School for ex
hibition purposes. At Price Hill
Emergency Hospital, it was reported
later that she was suffering from a
skull fracture and severe cuts and
that her condition was critical.
The lion and two bears, police
said, were taken to the school by
William' Harwood, owner of a pri
vate zoo, who was to give a lec
ture to the pupils.
As the Leischner girl entered the
room, the lion clawed at her, his
claws striking her head. She suf
fered deep lacerations on the face.
Officers said the lion reared on
its hind legs and attempted a second
attacak when patrolmen went into
the room but turned away as a re
volver was pointed at it.
CINCINNATI, O., April 30. (/PI—
Vivian Leischner, 6, was seriously
injured when she was attacked and
clawed by a lion who had been
taken to the Whittier School for ex
hibition purposes. At Price Hill
Emergency Hospital, it was reported
later that she was suffering from a
skull fracture and severe cuts and
that her condition was critical.
The lion and two bears, police
said, were taken to the school by
William' Harwood, owner of a pri
vate zoo, who was to give a lec
ture to the pupils.
As the Leischner girl entered the
room, the lion clawed at her, his
claws striking her head. She suf
fered deep lacerations on the face.
Officers said the lion reared on
its hind legs and attempted a second
attacak when patrolmen went into
the room but turned away as a re
volver was pointed at it.
CINCINNATI, O., April 30. (/PI—
Vivian Leischner, 6, was seriously
injured when she was attacked and
clawed by a lion who had been
taken to the Whittier School for ex
hibition purposes. At Price Hill
Emergency Hospital, it was reported
later that she was suffering from a
skull fracture and severe cuts and
that her condition was critical.
The lion and two bears, police
said, were taken to the school by
William' Harwood, owner of a pri
vate zoo, who was to give a lec
ture to the pupils.
As the Leischner girl entered the
room, the lion clawed at her, his
claws striking her head. She suf
fered deep lacerations on the face.
Officers said the lion reared on
its hind legs and attempted a second
attacak when patrolmen went into
the room but turned away as a re
volver was pointed at it.
CINCINNATI, O., April 30. (/PI—
Vivian Leischner, 6, was seriously
injured when she was attacked and
clawed by a lion who had been
taken to the Whittier School for ex
hibition purposes. At Price Hill
Emergency Hospital, it was reported
later that she was suffering from a
skull fracture and severe cuts and
that her condition was critical.
The lion and two bears, police
said, were taken to the school by
William' Harwood, owner of a pri
vate zoo, who was to give a lec
ture to the pupils.
As the Leischner girl entered the
room, the lion clawed at her, his
claws striking her head. She suf
fered deep lacerations on the face.
Officers said the lion reared on
its hind legs and attempted a second
attacak when patrolmen went into
the room but turned away as a re
volver was pointed at it.
CINCINNATI, O., April 30. (/PI—
Vivian Leischner, 6, was seriously
injured when she was attacked and
clawed by a lion who had been
taken to the Whittier School for ex
hibition purposes. At Price Hill
Emergency Hospital, it was reported
later that she was suffering from a
skull fracture and severe cuts and
that her condition was critical.
The lion and two bears, police
said, were taken to the school by
William' Harwood, owner of a pri
vate zoo, who was to give a lec
ture to the pupils.
As the Leischner girl entered the
room, the lion clawed at her, his
claws striking her head. She suf
fered deep lacerations on the face.
Officers said the lion reared on
its hind legs and attempted a second
attacak when patrolmen went into
the room but turned away as a re
volver was pointed at it.
CINCINNATI, O., April 30. (/PI—
Vivian Leischner, 6, was seriously
injured when she was attacked and
clawed by a lion who had been
taken to the Whittier School for ex
hibition purposes. At Price Hill
Emergency Hospital, it was reported
later that she was suffering from a
skull fracture and severe cuts and
that her condition was critical.
The lion and two bears, police
said, were taken to the school by
William' Harwood, owner of a pri
vate zoo, who was to give a lec
ture to the pupils.
As the Leischner girl entered the
room, the lion clawed at her, his
claws striking her head. She suf
fered deep lacerations on the face.
Officers said the lion reared on
its hind legs and attempted a second
attacak when patrolmen went into
the room but turned away as a re
volver was pointed at it.
CINCINNATI, O., April 30. (/PI—
Vivian Leischner, 6, was seriously
injured when she was attacked and
clawed by a lion who had been
taken to the Whittier School for ex
hibition purposes. At Price Hill
Emergency Hospital, it was reported
later that she was suffering from a
skull fracture and severe cuts and
that her condition was critical.
The lion and two bears, police
said, were taken to the school by
William' Harwood, owner of a pri
vate zoo, who was to give a lec
ture to the pupils.
As the Leischner girl entered the
room, the lion clawed at her, his
claws striking her head. She suf
fered deep lacerations on the face.
Officers said the lion reared on
its hind legs and attempted a second
attacak when patrolmen went into
the room but turned away as a re
volver was pointed at it.
CINCINNATI, O., April 30. (/PI—
Vivian Leischner, 6, was seriously
injured when she was attacked and
clawed by a lion who had been
taken to the Whittier School for ex
hibition purposes. At Price Hill
Emergency Hospital, it was reported
later that she was suffering from a
skull fracture and severe cuts and
that her condition was critical.
The lion and two bears, police
said, were taken to the school by
William' Harwood, owner of a pri
vate zoo, who was to give a lec
ture to the pupils.
As the Leischner girl entered the
room, the lion clawed at her, his
claws striking her head. She suf
fered deep lacerations on the face.
Officers said the lion reared on
its hind legs and attempted a second
attacak when patrolmen went into
the room but turned away as a re
volver was pointed at it.
