# DOUMER, PAINLEVE, BRIAND STRIVE FOR FRENCH PRESIDENCY
## 
### 
PARIS, April 30 (/P).â€”France is
preparing to elect her twelfth presi
dent May 13 at Versailles.
Candidates have narrowed down
to a half-dozen. Two or three are
considered so strong that several
ballots are predicted before an ab
solute majority can be obtained in
the General Assembly, which is the
Chamber of Deputies and the Senate
sitting in joint session.
Paul Doumer, president of the
Senate, who was candidate for the
presidency back in 1906 when he
obtained 371 votes; Deputy Paul
Paihlevej former minister, and Aris
tide Briand, Minister of Foreign Af
fairs, are given the best chances of
victory unless a "dark horse" is run
in to break a deadlock.
