# April "Sequoia" Out Thursday.
## 
### 
The April number of the Sequoia
will appear Thursday of this week,
and although it is a smaller num
ber than the Junior issue the hrti
cles in it are up to the usual stand
ard.
The chief prose numbers are an
article by W. F. Herron, '08, on
the Shakspetean play, "Two Gen
tlemen of Verona," to be presented
here by Sword and Sandals Friday
evening; "The Missing Print," a
Japanese story, by Miss D. C.
French, '07; " In the Valley of the
Shadow," Edith F. Parsons, '04;
and an article on ''Rugby Foot
ball," by H. Merton Ostroski of
the British Columbia Rugby team.
James Temple contributes the
first-page poem; other features in
verse are "To Astarte, 1 ' W. F.
Herron,'oB; "A Razor," by J. K.
Hutchinson, '09. The sketch-book
numbers are all published anony
mously in this issue, and the Criti
cism and Comment section con
tains an article on Rugby football,
entitled " Driven Back to Hoxford,"
and on the intercollegiate debate.
The only editorial in the issue
deals with the attitude of the
bleachers, a comparative study of
the second baseball game of the
series.
The April number of the Sequoia
will appear Thursday of this week,
and although it is a smaller num
ber than the Junior issue the hrti
cles in it are up to the usual stand
ard.
The chief prose numbers are an
article by W. F. Herron, '08, on
the Shakspetean play, "Two Gen
tlemen of Verona," to be presented
here by Sword and Sandals Friday
evening; "The Missing Print," a
Japanese story, by Miss D. C.
French, '07; " In the Valley of the
Shadow," Edith F. Parsons, '04;
and an article on ''Rugby Foot
ball," by H. Merton Ostroski of
the British Columbia Rugby team.
James Temple contributes the
first-page poem; other features in
verse are "To Astarte, 1 ' W. F.
Herron,'oB; "A Razor," by J. K.
Hutchinson, '09. The sketch-book
numbers are all published anony
mously in this issue, and the Criti
cism and Comment section con
tains an article on Rugby football,
entitled " Driven Back to Hoxford,"
and on the intercollegiate debate.
The only editorial in the issue
deals with the attitude of the
bleachers, a comparative study of
the second baseball game of the
series.
The April number of the Sequoia
will appear Thursday of this week,
and although it is a smaller num
ber than the Junior issue the hrti
cles in it are up to the usual stand
ard.
The chief prose numbers are an
article by W. F. Herron, '08, on
the Shakspetean play, "Two Gen
tlemen of Verona," to be presented
here by Sword and Sandals Friday
evening; "The Missing Print," a
Japanese story, by Miss D. C.
French, '07; " In the Valley of the
Shadow," Edith F. Parsons, '04;
and an article on ''Rugby Foot
ball," by H. Merton Ostroski of
the British Columbia Rugby team.
James Temple contributes the
first-page poem; other features in
verse are "To Astarte, 1 ' W. F.
Herron,'oB; "A Razor," by J. K.
Hutchinson, '09. The sketch-book
numbers are all published anony
mously in this issue, and the Criti
cism and Comment section con
tains an article on Rugby football,
entitled " Driven Back to Hoxford,"
and on the intercollegiate debate.
The only editorial in the issue
deals with the attitude of the
bleachers, a comparative study of
the second baseball game of the
series.
The April number of the Sequoia
will appear Thursday of this week,
and although it is a smaller num
ber than the Junior issue the hrti
cles in it are up to the usual stand
ard.
The chief prose numbers are an
article by W. F. Herron, '08, on
the Shakspetean play, "Two Gen
tlemen of Verona," to be presented
here by Sword and Sandals Friday
evening; "The Missing Print," a
Japanese story, by Miss D. C.
French, '07; " In the Valley of the
Shadow," Edith F. Parsons, '04;
and an article on ''Rugby Foot
ball," by H. Merton Ostroski of
the British Columbia Rugby team.
James Temple contributes the
first-page poem; other features in
verse are "To Astarte, 1 ' W. F.
Herron,'oB; "A Razor," by J. K.
Hutchinson, '09. The sketch-book
numbers are all published anony
mously in this issue, and the Criti
cism and Comment section con
tains an article on Rugby football,
entitled " Driven Back to Hoxford,"
and on the intercollegiate debate.
The only editorial in the issue
deals with the attitude of the
bleachers, a comparative study of
the second baseball game of the
series.
The April number of the Sequoia
will appear Thursday of this week,
and although it is a smaller num
ber than the Junior issue the hrti
cles in it are up to the usual stand
ard.
The chief prose numbers are an
article by W. F. Herron, '08, on
the Shakspetean play, "Two Gen
tlemen of Verona," to be presented
here by Sword and Sandals Friday
evening; "The Missing Print," a
Japanese story, by Miss D. C.
French, '07; " In the Valley of the
Shadow," Edith F. Parsons, '04;
and an article on ''Rugby Foot
ball," by H. Merton Ostroski of
the British Columbia Rugby team.
James Temple contributes the
first-page poem; other features in
verse are "To Astarte, 1 ' W. F.
Herron,'oB; "A Razor," by J. K.
Hutchinson, '09. The sketch-book
numbers are all published anony
mously in this issue, and the Criti
cism and Comment section con
tains an article on Rugby football,
entitled " Driven Back to Hoxford,"
and on the intercollegiate debate.
The only editorial in the issue
deals with the attitude of the
bleachers, a comparative study of
the second baseball game of the
series.
The April number of the Sequoia
will appear Thursday of this week,
and although it is a smaller num
ber than the Junior issue the hrti
cles in it are up to the usual stand
ard.
The chief prose numbers are an
article by W. F. Herron, '08, on
the Shakspetean play, "Two Gen
tlemen of Verona," to be presented
here by Sword and Sandals Friday
evening; "The Missing Print," a
Japanese story, by Miss D. C.
French, '07; " In the Valley of the
Shadow," Edith F. Parsons, '04;
and an article on ''Rugby Foot
ball," by H. Merton Ostroski of
the British Columbia Rugby team.
James Temple contributes the
first-page poem; other features in
verse are "To Astarte, 1 ' W. F.
Herron,'oB; "A Razor," by J. K.
Hutchinson, '09. The sketch-book
numbers are all published anony
mously in this issue, and the Criti
cism and Comment section con
tains an article on Rugby football,
entitled " Driven Back to Hoxford,"
and on the intercollegiate debate.
The only editorial in the issue
deals with the attitude of the
bleachers, a comparative study of
the second baseball game of the
series.
The April number of the Sequoia
will appear Thursday of this week,
and although it is a smaller num
ber than the Junior issue the hrti
cles in it are up to the usual stand
ard.
The chief prose numbers are an
article by W. F. Herron, '08, on
the Shakspetean play, "Two Gen
tlemen of Verona," to be presented
here by Sword and Sandals Friday
evening; "The Missing Print," a
Japanese story, by Miss D. C.
French, '07; " In the Valley of the
Shadow," Edith F. Parsons, '04;
and an article on ''Rugby Foot
ball," by H. Merton Ostroski of
the British Columbia Rugby team.
James Temple contributes the
first-page poem; other features in
verse are "To Astarte, 1 ' W. F.
Herron,'oB; "A Razor," by J. K.
Hutchinson, '09. The sketch-book
numbers are all published anony
mously in this issue, and the Criti
cism and Comment section con
tains an article on Rugby football,
entitled " Driven Back to Hoxford,"
and on the intercollegiate debate.
The only editorial in the issue
deals with the attitude of the
bleachers, a comparative study of
the second baseball game of the
series.
The April number of the Sequoia
will appear Thursday of this week,
and although it is a smaller num
ber than the Junior issue the hrti
cles in it are up to the usual stand
ard.
The chief prose numbers are an
article by W. F. Herron, '08, on
the Shakspetean play, "Two Gen
tlemen of Verona," to be presented
here by Sword and Sandals Friday
evening; "The Missing Print," a
Japanese story, by Miss D. C.
French, '07; " In the Valley of the
Shadow," Edith F. Parsons, '04;
and an article on ''Rugby Foot
ball," by H. Merton Ostroski of
the British Columbia Rugby team.
James Temple contributes the
first-page poem; other features in
verse are "To Astarte, 1 ' W. F.
Herron,'oB; "A Razor," by J. K.
Hutchinson, '09. The sketch-book
numbers are all published anony
mously in this issue, and the Criti
cism and Comment section con
tains an article on Rugby football,
entitled " Driven Back to Hoxford,"
and on the intercollegiate debate.
The only editorial in the issue
deals with the attitude of the
bleachers, a comparative study of
the second baseball game of the
series.
