# Stanford Graduate Gets Appointment
## 
### 
I). Brainard Spooner, '99, has
been appointed by the British gov
ernment director of Archaeological
investigations in Northwest India.
Dr. Spooner is now in Leipzig, but
has been summoned to London to
take the necessary medical exami
nation.
I). Brainard Spooner, '99, has
been appointed by the British gov
ernment director of Archaeological
investigations in Northwest India.
Dr. Spooner is now in Leipzig, but
has been summoned to London to
take the necessary medical exami
nation.
I). Brainard Spooner, '99, has
been appointed by the British gov
ernment director of Archaeological
investigations in Northwest India.
Dr. Spooner is now in Leipzig, but
has been summoned to London to
take the necessary medical exami
nation.
I). Brainard Spooner, '99, has
been appointed by the British gov
ernment director of Archaeological
investigations in Northwest India.
Dr. Spooner is now in Leipzig, but
has been summoned to London to
take the necessary medical exami
nation.
I). Brainard Spooner, '99, has
been appointed by the British gov
ernment director of Archaeological
investigations in Northwest India.
Dr. Spooner is now in Leipzig, but
has been summoned to London to
take the necessary medical exami
nation.
I). Brainard Spooner, '99, has
been appointed by the British gov
ernment director of Archaeological
investigations in Northwest India.
Dr. Spooner is now in Leipzig, but
has been summoned to London to
take the necessary medical exami
nation.
I). Brainard Spooner, '99, has
been appointed by the British gov
ernment director of Archaeological
investigations in Northwest India.
Dr. Spooner is now in Leipzig, but
has been summoned to London to
take the necessary medical exami
nation.
I). Brainard Spooner, '99, has
been appointed by the British gov
ernment director of Archaeological
investigations in Northwest India.
Dr. Spooner is now in Leipzig, but
has been summoned to London to
take the necessary medical exami
nation.
