# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—A disastrous (ire at the Uni
versity of Idaho destroyed the Ad
ministration building, the finest on
the campus.
—A disastrous (ire at the Uni
versity of Idaho destroyed the Ad
ministration building, the finest on
the campus.
—A disastrous (ire at the Uni
versity of Idaho destroyed the Ad
ministration building, the finest on
the campus.
—A disastrous (ire at the Uni
versity of Idaho destroyed the Ad
ministration building, the finest on
the campus.
—A disastrous (ire at the Uni
versity of Idaho destroyed the Ad
ministration building, the finest on
the campus.
—A disastrous (ire at the Uni
versity of Idaho destroyed the Ad
ministration building, the finest on
the campus.
—A disastrous (ire at the Uni
versity of Idaho destroyed the Ad
ministration building, the finest on
the campus.
—A disastrous (ire at the Uni
versity of Idaho destroyed the Ad
ministration building, the finest on
the campus.
