# Untitled Article
## 
### 
— Professor J. M. Stillman, head
of the Chemistry department, has
an article on "The Organization of
University Government" in the
current Science.
— Professor J. M. Stillman, head
of the Chemistry department, has
an article on "The Organization of
University Government" in the
current Science.
— Professor J. M. Stillman, head
of the Chemistry department, has
an article on "The Organization of
University Government" in the
current Science.
— Professor J. M. Stillman, head
of the Chemistry department, has
an article on "The Organization of
University Government" in the
current Science.
— Professor J. M. Stillman, head
of the Chemistry department, has
an article on "The Organization of
University Government" in the
current Science.
— Professor J. M. Stillman, head
of the Chemistry department, has
an article on "The Organization of
University Government" in the
current Science.
— Professor J. M. Stillman, head
of the Chemistry department, has
an article on "The Organization of
University Government" in the
current Science.
— Professor J. M. Stillman, head
of the Chemistry department, has
an article on "The Organization of
University Government" in the
current Science.
