# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The presentation by Sword and
Sandals of "The Two Gentlemen of
Verona" is a most commendable
attempt to bring another Shakes,
pearean play before Stanford stu
dents. After the long fiasco of
cheap farces and third-rate come
dies which have filled the reper
toire of University actors during
the past year, a serious attempt to
present a classic should be wel
comed. The presentation of Shakep
peare by college actors can never
be thoroughly adequate, but the
attempt is deserving of the very
highest praise, and should com
mand the loyal support of the un
dergraduate body. The cast in
cludes most of the ablest actors in
the University, and the production
will certainly be well worth wit
nessing. Those who have been
forced to listen to such wretched
travesties on comedy as the recer t
Junior farce, or to such tiresome
and utterly inanimate exhibitions
as the Sophomore play, should feel
a sense of relief at being able to de
vote an evening to Shakespeare.
The presentation by Sword and
Sandals of "The Two Gentlemen of
Verona" is a most commendable
attempt to bring another Shakes,
pearean play before Stanford stu
dents. After the long fiasco of
cheap farces and third-rate come
dies which have filled the reper
toire of University actors during
the past year, a serious attempt to
present a classic should be wel
comed. The presentation of Shakep
peare by college actors can never
be thoroughly adequate, but the
attempt is deserving of the very
highest praise, and should com
mand the loyal support of the un
dergraduate body. The cast in
cludes most of the ablest actors in
the University, and the production
will certainly be well worth wit
nessing. Those who have been
forced to listen to such wretched
travesties on comedy as the recer t
Junior farce, or to such tiresome
and utterly inanimate exhibitions
as the Sophomore play, should feel
a sense of relief at being able to de
vote an evening to Shakespeare.
The presentation by Sword and
Sandals of "The Two Gentlemen of
Verona" is a most commendable
attempt to bring another Shakes,
pearean play before Stanford stu
dents. After the long fiasco of
cheap farces and third-rate come
dies which have filled the reper
toire of University actors during
the past year, a serious attempt to
present a classic should be wel
comed. The presentation of Shakep
peare by college actors can never
be thoroughly adequate, but the
attempt is deserving of the very
highest praise, and should com
mand the loyal support of the un
dergraduate body. The cast in
cludes most of the ablest actors in
the University, and the production
will certainly be well worth wit
nessing. Those who have been
forced to listen to such wretched
travesties on comedy as the recer t
Junior farce, or to such tiresome
and utterly inanimate exhibitions
as the Sophomore play, should feel
a sense of relief at being able to de
vote an evening to Shakespeare.
The presentation by Sword and
Sandals of "The Two Gentlemen of
Verona" is a most commendable
attempt to bring another Shakes,
pearean play before Stanford stu
dents. After the long fiasco of
cheap farces and third-rate come
dies which have filled the reper
toire of University actors during
the past year, a serious attempt to
present a classic should be wel
comed. The presentation of Shakep
peare by college actors can never
be thoroughly adequate, but the
attempt is deserving of the very
highest praise, and should com
mand the loyal support of the un
dergraduate body. The cast in
cludes most of the ablest actors in
the University, and the production
will certainly be well worth wit
nessing. Those who have been
forced to listen to such wretched
travesties on comedy as the recer t
Junior farce, or to such tiresome
and utterly inanimate exhibitions
as the Sophomore play, should feel
a sense of relief at being able to de
vote an evening to Shakespeare.
The presentation by Sword and
Sandals of "The Two Gentlemen of
Verona" is a most commendable
attempt to bring another Shakes,
pearean play before Stanford stu
dents. After the long fiasco of
cheap farces and third-rate come
dies which have filled the reper
toire of University actors during
the past year, a serious attempt to
present a classic should be wel
comed. The presentation of Shakep
peare by college actors can never
be thoroughly adequate, but the
attempt is deserving of the very
highest praise, and should com
mand the loyal support of the un
dergraduate body. The cast in
cludes most of the ablest actors in
the University, and the production
will certainly be well worth wit
nessing. Those who have been
forced to listen to such wretched
travesties on comedy as the recer t
Junior farce, or to such tiresome
and utterly inanimate exhibitions
as the Sophomore play, should feel
a sense of relief at being able to de
vote an evening to Shakespeare.
The presentation by Sword and
Sandals of "The Two Gentlemen of
Verona" is a most commendable
attempt to bring another Shakes,
pearean play before Stanford stu
dents. After the long fiasco of
cheap farces and third-rate come
dies which have filled the reper
toire of University actors during
the past year, a serious attempt to
present a classic should be wel
comed. The presentation of Shakep
peare by college actors can never
be thoroughly adequate, but the
attempt is deserving of the very
highest praise, and should com
mand the loyal support of the un
dergraduate body. The cast in
cludes most of the ablest actors in
the University, and the production
will certainly be well worth wit
nessing. Those who have been
forced to listen to such wretched
travesties on comedy as the recer t
Junior farce, or to such tiresome
and utterly inanimate exhibitions
as the Sophomore play, should feel
a sense of relief at being able to de
vote an evening to Shakespeare.
The presentation by Sword and
Sandals of "The Two Gentlemen of
Verona" is a most commendable
attempt to bring another Shakes,
pearean play before Stanford stu
dents. After the long fiasco of
cheap farces and third-rate come
dies which have filled the reper
toire of University actors during
the past year, a serious attempt to
present a classic should be wel
comed. The presentation of Shakep
peare by college actors can never
be thoroughly adequate, but the
attempt is deserving of the very
highest praise, and should com
mand the loyal support of the un
dergraduate body. The cast in
cludes most of the ablest actors in
the University, and the production
will certainly be well worth wit
nessing. Those who have been
forced to listen to such wretched
travesties on comedy as the recer t
Junior farce, or to such tiresome
and utterly inanimate exhibitions
as the Sophomore play, should feel
a sense of relief at being able to de
vote an evening to Shakespeare.
The presentation by Sword and
Sandals of "The Two Gentlemen of
Verona" is a most commendable
attempt to bring another Shakes,
pearean play before Stanford stu
dents. After the long fiasco of
cheap farces and third-rate come
dies which have filled the reper
toire of University actors during
the past year, a serious attempt to
present a classic should be wel
comed. The presentation of Shakep
peare by college actors can never
be thoroughly adequate, but the
attempt is deserving of the very
highest praise, and should com
mand the loyal support of the un
dergraduate body. The cast in
cludes most of the ablest actors in
the University, and the production
will certainly be well worth wit
nessing. Those who have been
forced to listen to such wretched
travesties on comedy as the recer t
Junior farce, or to such tiresome
and utterly inanimate exhibitions
as the Sophomore play, should feel
a sense of relief at being able to de
vote an evening to Shakespeare.
