# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Brake Reline
SPECIAL
ONLY
*24.95
Includes L.ibor
and Br.ikc Lining
Don't take chances driv
ing home. Have your
brakes attended to—
Now.
• • •
J Ligcn & Bell
Lin* oln~ 11rn m y Dealers
USED CARS
287 Alma DA 3-8533
Brake Reline
SPECIAL
ONLY
*24.95
Includes L.ibor
and Br.ikc Lining
Don't take chances driv
ing home. Have your
brakes attended to—
Now.
• • •
J Ligcn & Bell
Lin* oln~ 11rn m y Dealers
USED CARS
287 Alma DA 3-8533
Brake Reline
SPECIAL
ONLY
*24.95
Includes L.ibor
and Br.ikc Lining
Don't take chances driv
ing home. Have your
brakes attended to—
Now.
• • •
J Ligcn & Bell
Lin* oln~ 11rn m y Dealers
USED CARS
287 Alma DA 3-8533
Brake Reline
SPECIAL
ONLY
*24.95
Includes L.ibor
and Br.ikc Lining
Don't take chances driv
ing home. Have your
brakes attended to—
Now.
• • •
J Ligcn & Bell
Lin* oln~ 11rn m y Dealers
USED CARS
287 Alma DA 3-8533
Brake Reline
SPECIAL
ONLY
*24.95
Includes L.ibor
and Br.ikc Lining
Don't take chances driv
ing home. Have your
brakes attended to—
Now.
• • •
J Ligcn & Bell
Lin* oln~ 11rn m y Dealers
USED CARS
287 Alma DA 3-8533
Brake Reline
SPECIAL
ONLY
*24.95
Includes L.ibor
and Br.ikc Lining
Don't take chances driv
ing home. Have your
brakes attended to—
Now.
• • •
J Ligcn & Bell
Lin* oln~ 11rn m y Dealers
USED CARS
287 Alma DA 3-8533
Brake Reline
SPECIAL
ONLY
*24.95
Includes L.ibor
and Br.ikc Lining
Don't take chances driv
ing home. Have your
brakes attended to—
Now.
• • •
J Ligcn & Bell
Lin* oln~ 11rn m y Dealers
USED CARS
287 Alma DA 3-8533
Brake Reline
SPECIAL
ONLY
*24.95
Includes L.ibor
and Br.ikc Lining
Don't take chances driv
ing home. Have your
brakes attended to—
Now.
• • •
J Ligcn & Bell
Lin* oln~ 11rn m y Dealers
USED CARS
287 Alma DA 3-8533
Brake Reline
SPECIAL
ONLY
*24.95
Includes L.ibor
and Br.ikc Lining
Don't take chances driv
ing home. Have your
brakes attended to—
Now.
• • •
J Ligcn & Bell
Lin* oln~ 11rn m y Dealers
USED CARS
287 Alma DA 3-8533
Brake Reline
SPECIAL
ONLY
*24.95
Includes L.ibor
and Br.ikc Lining
Don't take chances driv
ing home. Have your
brakes attended to—
Now.
• • •
J Ligcn & Bell
Lin* oln~ 11rn m y Dealers
USED CARS
287 Alma DA 3-8533
Brake Reline
SPECIAL
ONLY
*24.95
Includes L.ibor
and Br.ikc Lining
Don't take chances driv
ing home. Have your
brakes attended to—
Now.
• • •
J Ligcn & Bell
Lin* oln~ 11rn m y Dealers
USED CARS
287 Alma DA 3-8533
Brake Reline
SPECIAL
ONLY
*24.95
Includes L.ibor
and Br.ikc Lining
Don't take chances driv
ing home. Have your
brakes attended to—
Now.
• • •
J Ligcn & Bell
Lin* oln~ 11rn m y Dealers
USED CARS
287 Alma DA 3-8533
Brake Reline
SPECIAL
ONLY
*24.95
Includes L.ibor
and Br.ikc Lining
Don't take chances driv
ing home. Have your
brakes attended to—
Now.
• • •
J Ligcn & Bell
Lin* oln~ 11rn m y Dealers
USED CARS
287 Alma DA 3-8533
Brake Reline
SPECIAL
ONLY
*24.95
Includes L.ibor
and Br.ikc Lining
Don't take chances driv
ing home. Have your
brakes attended to—
Now.
• • •
J Ligcn & Bell
Lin* oln~ 11rn m y Dealers
USED CARS
287 Alma DA 3-8533
Brake Reline
SPECIAL
ONLY
*24.95
Includes L.ibor
and Br.ikc Lining
Don't take chances driv
ing home. Have your
brakes attended to—
Now.
• • •
J Ligcn & Bell
Lin* oln~ 11rn m y Dealers
USED CARS
287 Alma DA 3-8533
