# Briefly
## 
### 
Danceathon
A goal of $15,000 has been set by a group
of Stanford students organizing a dan
ceathon benefiting muscular dystraphy.
Pending University approval, the dan
ceathon is planned for April. Those in
terested in helping organize this event are
urged to call JereThompson or )im Moroney
at 965-9449.
Danceathon
A goal of $15,000 has been set by a group
of Stanford students organizing a dan
ceathon benefiting muscular dystraphy.
Pending University approval, the dan
ceathon is planned for April. Those in
terested in helping organize this event are
urged to call JereThompson or )im Moroney
at 965-9449.
Danceathon
A goal of $15,000 has been set by a group
of Stanford students organizing a dan
ceathon benefiting muscular dystraphy.
Pending University approval, the dan
ceathon is planned for April. Those in
terested in helping organize this event are
urged to call JereThompson or )im Moroney
at 965-9449.
Danceathon
A goal of $15,000 has been set by a group
of Stanford students organizing a dan
ceathon benefiting muscular dystraphy.
Pending University approval, the dan
ceathon is planned for April. Those in
terested in helping organize this event are
urged to call JereThompson or )im Moroney
at 965-9449.
Danceathon
A goal of $15,000 has been set by a group
of Stanford students organizing a dan
ceathon benefiting muscular dystraphy.
Pending University approval, the dan
ceathon is planned for April. Those in
terested in helping organize this event are
urged to call JereThompson or )im Moroney
at 965-9449.
Danceathon
A goal of $15,000 has been set by a group
of Stanford students organizing a dan
ceathon benefiting muscular dystraphy.
Pending University approval, the dan
ceathon is planned for April. Those in
terested in helping organize this event are
urged to call JereThompson or )im Moroney
at 965-9449.
Danceathon
A goal of $15,000 has been set by a group
of Stanford students organizing a dan
ceathon benefiting muscular dystraphy.
Pending University approval, the dan
ceathon is planned for April. Those in
terested in helping organize this event are
urged to call JereThompson or )im Moroney
at 965-9449.
Danceathon
A goal of $15,000 has been set by a group
of Stanford students organizing a dan
ceathon benefiting muscular dystraphy.
Pending University approval, the dan
ceathon is planned for April. Those in
terested in helping organize this event are
urged to call JereThompson or )im Moroney
at 965-9449.
Danceathon
A goal of $15,000 has been set by a group
of Stanford students organizing a dan
ceathon benefiting muscular dystraphy.
Pending University approval, the dan
ceathon is planned for April. Those in
terested in helping organize this event are
urged to call JereThompson or )im Moroney
at 965-9449.
Danceathon
A goal of $15,000 has been set by a group
of Stanford students organizing a dan
ceathon benefiting muscular dystraphy.
Pending University approval, the dan
ceathon is planned for April. Those in
terested in helping organize this event are
urged to call JereThompson or )im Moroney
at 965-9449.
Danceathon
A goal of $15,000 has been set by a group
of Stanford students organizing a dan
ceathon benefiting muscular dystraphy.
Pending University approval, the dan
ceathon is planned for April. Those in
terested in helping organize this event are
urged to call JereThompson or )im Moroney
at 965-9449.
Danceathon
A goal of $15,000 has been set by a group
of Stanford students organizing a dan
ceathon benefiting muscular dystraphy.
Pending University approval, the dan
ceathon is planned for April. Those in
terested in helping organize this event are
urged to call JereThompson or )im Moroney
at 965-9449.
Danceathon
A goal of $15,000 has been set by a group
of Stanford students organizing a dan
ceathon benefiting muscular dystraphy.
Pending University approval, the dan
ceathon is planned for April. Those in
terested in helping organize this event are
urged to call JereThompson or )im Moroney
at 965-9449.
