# DR. JORDAN TO LECTURE ON WAR IN THE BALKANS
## 
### 
Chancellor Jordan will give an illus
trated lecture on the Balkans and the
effects of the war there, in the As
sembly Hall on Thursday evening at S
o'clock. Dr. Jordan, accompanied by E.
Hollman, '11, traveled through Greece,
Turkey, Macedonia, and Bulgaria in
May of this year, only ten months after
the close of the second Balkan war. On
all sides the effects of the war were
visible, and Dr. Jordan has some fifty
lante.rn slides, which portray condi
tion in that war-wracked land.
In accordance with the recent regu
lations, admission to the Assembly
Hall will be limited to holders of
tickets. These tickets will be dis
tributed at the Registrar's office to
members of the faculty and students
until 12:30 on Thursday. After that
hour they will be available to the gen
eral public, and they will also be dis
tributed at the Assembly Hall before
the lecture.
Chancellor Jordan will give an illus
trated lecture on the Balkans and the
effects of the war there, in the As
sembly Hall on Thursday evening at S
o'clock. Dr. Jordan, accompanied by E.
Hollman, '11, traveled through Greece,
Turkey, Macedonia, and Bulgaria in
May of this year, only ten months after
the close of the second Balkan war. On
all sides the effects of the war were
visible, and Dr. Jordan has some fifty
lante.rn slides, which portray condi
tion in that war-wracked land.
In accordance with the recent regu
lations, admission to the Assembly
Hall will be limited to holders of
tickets. These tickets will be dis
tributed at the Registrar's office to
members of the faculty and students
until 12:30 on Thursday. After that
hour they will be available to the gen
eral public, and they will also be dis
tributed at the Assembly Hall before
the lecture.
Chancellor Jordan will give an illus
trated lecture on the Balkans and the
effects of the war there, in the As
sembly Hall on Thursday evening at S
o'clock. Dr. Jordan, accompanied by E.
Hollman, '11, traveled through Greece,
Turkey, Macedonia, and Bulgaria in
May of this year, only ten months after
the close of the second Balkan war. On
all sides the effects of the war were
visible, and Dr. Jordan has some fifty
lante.rn slides, which portray condi
tion in that war-wracked land.
In accordance with the recent regu
lations, admission to the Assembly
Hall will be limited to holders of
tickets. These tickets will be dis
tributed at the Registrar's office to
members of the faculty and students
until 12:30 on Thursday. After that
hour they will be available to the gen
eral public, and they will also be dis
tributed at the Assembly Hall before
the lecture.
Chancellor Jordan will give an illus
trated lecture on the Balkans and the
effects of the war there, in the As
sembly Hall on Thursday evening at S
o'clock. Dr. Jordan, accompanied by E.
Hollman, '11, traveled through Greece,
Turkey, Macedonia, and Bulgaria in
May of this year, only ten months after
the close of the second Balkan war. On
all sides the effects of the war were
visible, and Dr. Jordan has some fifty
lante.rn slides, which portray condi
tion in that war-wracked land.
In accordance with the recent regu
lations, admission to the Assembly
Hall will be limited to holders of
tickets. These tickets will be dis
tributed at the Registrar's office to
members of the faculty and students
until 12:30 on Thursday. After that
hour they will be available to the gen
eral public, and they will also be dis
tributed at the Assembly Hall before
the lecture.
Chancellor Jordan will give an illus
trated lecture on the Balkans and the
effects of the war there, in the As
sembly Hall on Thursday evening at S
o'clock. Dr. Jordan, accompanied by E.
Hollman, '11, traveled through Greece,
Turkey, Macedonia, and Bulgaria in
May of this year, only ten months after
the close of the second Balkan war. On
all sides the effects of the war were
visible, and Dr. Jordan has some fifty
lante.rn slides, which portray condi
tion in that war-wracked land.
In accordance with the recent regu
lations, admission to the Assembly
Hall will be limited to holders of
tickets. These tickets will be dis
tributed at the Registrar's office to
members of the faculty and students
until 12:30 on Thursday. After that
hour they will be available to the gen
eral public, and they will also be dis
tributed at the Assembly Hall before
the lecture.
Chancellor Jordan will give an illus
trated lecture on the Balkans and the
effects of the war there, in the As
sembly Hall on Thursday evening at S
o'clock. Dr. Jordan, accompanied by E.
Hollman, '11, traveled through Greece,
Turkey, Macedonia, and Bulgaria in
May of this year, only ten months after
the close of the second Balkan war. On
all sides the effects of the war were
visible, and Dr. Jordan has some fifty
lante.rn slides, which portray condi
tion in that war-wracked land.
In accordance with the recent regu
lations, admission to the Assembly
Hall will be limited to holders of
tickets. These tickets will be dis
tributed at the Registrar's office to
members of the faculty and students
until 12:30 on Thursday. After that
hour they will be available to the gen
eral public, and they will also be dis
tributed at the Assembly Hall before
the lecture.
Chancellor Jordan will give an illus
trated lecture on the Balkans and the
effects of the war there, in the As
sembly Hall on Thursday evening at S
o'clock. Dr. Jordan, accompanied by E.
Hollman, '11, traveled through Greece,
Turkey, Macedonia, and Bulgaria in
May of this year, only ten months after
the close of the second Balkan war. On
all sides the effects of the war were
visible, and Dr. Jordan has some fifty
lante.rn slides, which portray condi
tion in that war-wracked land.
In accordance with the recent regu
lations, admission to the Assembly
Hall will be limited to holders of
tickets. These tickets will be dis
tributed at the Registrar's office to
members of the faculty and students
until 12:30 on Thursday. After that
hour they will be available to the gen
eral public, and they will also be dis
tributed at the Assembly Hall before
the lecture.
Chancellor Jordan will give an illus
trated lecture on the Balkans and the
effects of the war there, in the As
sembly Hall on Thursday evening at S
o'clock. Dr. Jordan, accompanied by E.
Hollman, '11, traveled through Greece,
Turkey, Macedonia, and Bulgaria in
May of this year, only ten months after
the close of the second Balkan war. On
all sides the effects of the war were
visible, and Dr. Jordan has some fifty
lante.rn slides, which portray condi
tion in that war-wracked land.
In accordance with the recent regu
lations, admission to the Assembly
Hall will be limited to holders of
tickets. These tickets will be dis
tributed at the Registrar's office to
members of the faculty and students
until 12:30 on Thursday. After that
hour they will be available to the gen
eral public, and they will also be dis
tributed at the Assembly Hall before
the lecture.
Chancellor Jordan will give an illus
trated lecture on the Balkans and the
effects of the war there, in the As
sembly Hall on Thursday evening at S
o'clock. Dr. Jordan, accompanied by E.
Hollman, '11, traveled through Greece,
Turkey, Macedonia, and Bulgaria in
May of this year, only ten months after
the close of the second Balkan war. On
all sides the effects of the war were
visible, and Dr. Jordan has some fifty
lante.rn slides, which portray condi
tion in that war-wracked land.
In accordance with the recent regu
lations, admission to the Assembly
Hall will be limited to holders of
tickets. These tickets will be dis
tributed at the Registrar's office to
members of the faculty and students
until 12:30 on Thursday. After that
hour they will be available to the gen
eral public, and they will also be dis
tributed at the Assembly Hall before
the lecture.
Chancellor Jordan will give an illus
trated lecture on the Balkans and the
effects of the war there, in the As
sembly Hall on Thursday evening at S
o'clock. Dr. Jordan, accompanied by E.
Hollman, '11, traveled through Greece,
Turkey, Macedonia, and Bulgaria in
May of this year, only ten months after
the close of the second Balkan war. On
all sides the effects of the war were
visible, and Dr. Jordan has some fifty
lante.rn slides, which portray condi
tion in that war-wracked land.
In accordance with the recent regu
lations, admission to the Assembly
Hall will be limited to holders of
tickets. These tickets will be dis
tributed at the Registrar's office to
members of the faculty and students
until 12:30 on Thursday. After that
hour they will be available to the gen
eral public, and they will also be dis
tributed at the Assembly Hall before
the lecture.
Chancellor Jordan will give an illus
trated lecture on the Balkans and the
effects of the war there, in the As
sembly Hall on Thursday evening at S
o'clock. Dr. Jordan, accompanied by E.
Hollman, '11, traveled through Greece,
Turkey, Macedonia, and Bulgaria in
May of this year, only ten months after
the close of the second Balkan war. On
all sides the effects of the war were
visible, and Dr. Jordan has some fifty
lante.rn slides, which portray condi
tion in that war-wracked land.
In accordance with the recent regu
lations, admission to the Assembly
Hall will be limited to holders of
tickets. These tickets will be dis
tributed at the Registrar's office to
members of the faculty and students
until 12:30 on Thursday. After that
hour they will be available to the gen
eral public, and they will also be dis
tributed at the Assembly Hall before
the lecture.
Chancellor Jordan will give an illus
trated lecture on the Balkans and the
effects of the war there, in the As
sembly Hall on Thursday evening at S
o'clock. Dr. Jordan, accompanied by E.
Hollman, '11, traveled through Greece,
Turkey, Macedonia, and Bulgaria in
May of this year, only ten months after
the close of the second Balkan war. On
all sides the effects of the war were
visible, and Dr. Jordan has some fifty
lante.rn slides, which portray condi
tion in that war-wracked land.
In accordance with the recent regu
lations, admission to the Assembly
Hall will be limited to holders of
tickets. These tickets will be dis
tributed at the Registrar's office to
members of the faculty and students
until 12:30 on Thursday. After that
hour they will be available to the gen
eral public, and they will also be dis
tributed at the Assembly Hall before
the lecture.
Chancellor Jordan will give an illus
trated lecture on the Balkans and the
effects of the war there, in the As
sembly Hall on Thursday evening at S
o'clock. Dr. Jordan, accompanied by E.
Hollman, '11, traveled through Greece,
Turkey, Macedonia, and Bulgaria in
May of this year, only ten months after
the close of the second Balkan war. On
all sides the effects of the war were
visible, and Dr. Jordan has some fifty
lante.rn slides, which portray condi
tion in that war-wracked land.
In accordance with the recent regu
lations, admission to the Assembly
Hall will be limited to holders of
tickets. These tickets will be dis
tributed at the Registrar's office to
members of the faculty and students
until 12:30 on Thursday. After that
hour they will be available to the gen
eral public, and they will also be dis
tributed at the Assembly Hall before
the lecture.
Chancellor Jordan will give an illus
trated lecture on the Balkans and the
effects of the war there, in the As
sembly Hall on Thursday evening at S
o'clock. Dr. Jordan, accompanied by E.
Hollman, '11, traveled through Greece,
Turkey, Macedonia, and Bulgaria in
May of this year, only ten months after
the close of the second Balkan war. On
all sides the effects of the war were
visible, and Dr. Jordan has some fifty
lante.rn slides, which portray condi
tion in that war-wracked land.
In accordance with the recent regu
lations, admission to the Assembly
Hall will be limited to holders of
tickets. These tickets will be dis
tributed at the Registrar's office to
members of the faculty and students
until 12:30 on Thursday. After that
hour they will be available to the gen
eral public, and they will also be dis
tributed at the Assembly Hall before
the lecture.
