# Student Activity Building Burns.
## 
### 
University Hall, a $500,000 building
of Columbia University, was destroyed
by fire last week. The hall was the
home of Columbia student activities.
University Hall, a $500,000 building
of Columbia University, was destroyed
by fire last week. The hall was the
home of Columbia student activities.
University Hall, a $500,000 building
of Columbia University, was destroyed
by fire last week. The hall was the
home of Columbia student activities.
University Hall, a $500,000 building
of Columbia University, was destroyed
by fire last week. The hall was the
home of Columbia student activities.
University Hall, a $500,000 building
of Columbia University, was destroyed
by fire last week. The hall was the
home of Columbia student activities.
University Hall, a $500,000 building
of Columbia University, was destroyed
by fire last week. The hall was the
home of Columbia student activities.
University Hall, a $500,000 building
of Columbia University, was destroyed
by fire last week. The hall was the
home of Columbia student activities.
University Hall, a $500,000 building
of Columbia University, was destroyed
by fire last week. The hall was the
home of Columbia student activities.
University Hall, a $500,000 building
of Columbia University, was destroyed
by fire last week. The hall was the
home of Columbia student activities.
University Hall, a $500,000 building
of Columbia University, was destroyed
by fire last week. The hall was the
home of Columbia student activities.
University Hall, a $500,000 building
of Columbia University, was destroyed
by fire last week. The hall was the
home of Columbia student activities.
University Hall, a $500,000 building
of Columbia University, was destroyed
by fire last week. The hall was the
home of Columbia student activities.
University Hall, a $500,000 building
of Columbia University, was destroyed
by fire last week. The hall was the
home of Columbia student activities.
University Hall, a $500,000 building
of Columbia University, was destroyed
by fire last week. The hall was the
home of Columbia student activities.
