# FRESHMEN ARE ADDRESSED BY DAVID STARR JORDAN
## Chancellor Delivers Vigorous Lecture on the Desirability of Right Living 
### 
That physical, mental and moral de
velopment are expected of college men,
were the three main points of the ad
dress of Chancellor David Starr Jor
dan to the freshmen this afternoon in
the Vestry chapel.
"We want you to be physically fit,"
said the doctor. "We want you to have
blood that flows right, and muscles
that are capable of being properly con
trolled. California's climate is an as
set to physical development. The stu
dents here are stronger than in the
East. They are stronger in the East
than in Europe.
"We expect mental development. The
college tries to help each man along in
his specific work. We want each to
have his individuality." In this con
nection, Dr. Jordan told the freshmen
of the major professor system, show
ing that it affords opportunities for
choice of studies and gives what one
needs and ought to have. The chan
cellor urged that the meeting of uni
versity people is important. "Meet
university men," he said. "It is a
great education in itself."
"Those who do not. act right cannot
think right," was the kernel of Dr.
Jordan's discourse on the expected
moral development."
That physical, mental and moral de
velopment are expected of college men,
were the three main points of the ad
dress of Chancellor David Starr Jor
dan to the freshmen this afternoon in
the Vestry chapel.
"We want you to be physically fit,"
said the doctor. "We want you to have
blood that flows right, and muscles
that are capable of being properly con
trolled. California's climate is an as
set to physical development. The stu
dents here are stronger than in the
East. They are stronger in the East
than in Europe.
"We expect mental development. The
college tries to help each man along in
his specific work. We want each to
have his individuality." In this con
nection, Dr. Jordan told the freshmen
of the major professor system, show
ing that it affords opportunities for
choice of studies and gives what one
needs and ought to have. The chan
cellor urged that the meeting of uni
versity people is important. "Meet
university men," he said. "It is a
great education in itself."
"Those who do not. act right cannot
think right," was the kernel of Dr.
Jordan's discourse on the expected
moral development."
That physical, mental and moral de
velopment are expected of college men,
were the three main points of the ad
dress of Chancellor David Starr Jor
dan to the freshmen this afternoon in
the Vestry chapel.
"We want you to be physically fit,"
said the doctor. "We want you to have
blood that flows right, and muscles
that are capable of being properly con
trolled. California's climate is an as
set to physical development. The stu
dents here are stronger than in the
East. They are stronger in the East
than in Europe.
"We expect mental development. The
college tries to help each man along in
his specific work. We want each to
have his individuality." In this con
nection, Dr. Jordan told the freshmen
of the major professor system, show
ing that it affords opportunities for
choice of studies and gives what one
needs and ought to have. The chan
cellor urged that the meeting of uni
versity people is important. "Meet
university men," he said. "It is a
great education in itself."
"Those who do not. act right cannot
think right," was the kernel of Dr.
Jordan's discourse on the expected
moral development."
That physical, mental and moral de
velopment are expected of college men,
were the three main points of the ad
dress of Chancellor David Starr Jor
dan to the freshmen this afternoon in
the Vestry chapel.
"We want you to be physically fit,"
said the doctor. "We want you to have
blood that flows right, and muscles
that are capable of being properly con
trolled. California's climate is an as
set to physical development. The stu
dents here are stronger than in the
East. They are stronger in the East
than in Europe.
"We expect mental development. The
college tries to help each man along in
his specific work. We want each to
have his individuality." In this con
nection, Dr. Jordan told the freshmen
of the major professor system, show
ing that it affords opportunities for
choice of studies and gives what one
needs and ought to have. The chan
cellor urged that the meeting of uni
versity people is important. "Meet
university men," he said. "It is a
great education in itself."
"Those who do not. act right cannot
think right," was the kernel of Dr.
Jordan's discourse on the expected
moral development."
That physical, mental and moral de
velopment are expected of college men,
were the three main points of the ad
dress of Chancellor David Starr Jor
dan to the freshmen this afternoon in
the Vestry chapel.
"We want you to be physically fit,"
said the doctor. "We want you to have
blood that flows right, and muscles
that are capable of being properly con
trolled. California's climate is an as
set to physical development. The stu
dents here are stronger than in the
East. They are stronger in the East
than in Europe.
"We expect mental development. The
college tries to help each man along in
his specific work. We want each to
have his individuality." In this con
nection, Dr. Jordan told the freshmen
of the major professor system, show
ing that it affords opportunities for
choice of studies and gives what one
needs and ought to have. The chan
cellor urged that the meeting of uni
versity people is important. "Meet
university men," he said. "It is a
great education in itself."
"Those who do not. act right cannot
think right," was the kernel of Dr.
Jordan's discourse on the expected
moral development."
That physical, mental and moral de
velopment are expected of college men,
were the three main points of the ad
dress of Chancellor David Starr Jor
dan to the freshmen this afternoon in
the Vestry chapel.
"We want you to be physically fit,"
said the doctor. "We want you to have
blood that flows right, and muscles
that are capable of being properly con
trolled. California's climate is an as
set to physical development. The stu
dents here are stronger than in the
East. They are stronger in the East
than in Europe.
"We expect mental development. The
college tries to help each man along in
his specific work. We want each to
have his individuality." In this con
nection, Dr. Jordan told the freshmen
of the major professor system, show
ing that it affords opportunities for
choice of studies and gives what one
needs and ought to have. The chan
cellor urged that the meeting of uni
versity people is important. "Meet
university men," he said. "It is a
great education in itself."
"Those who do not. act right cannot
think right," was the kernel of Dr.
Jordan's discourse on the expected
moral development."
That physical, mental and moral de
velopment are expected of college men,
were the three main points of the ad
dress of Chancellor David Starr Jor
dan to the freshmen this afternoon in
the Vestry chapel.
"We want you to be physically fit,"
said the doctor. "We want you to have
blood that flows right, and muscles
that are capable of being properly con
trolled. California's climate is an as
set to physical development. The stu
dents here are stronger than in the
East. They are stronger in the East
than in Europe.
"We expect mental development. The
college tries to help each man along in
his specific work. We want each to
have his individuality." In this con
nection, Dr. Jordan told the freshmen
of the major professor system, show
ing that it affords opportunities for
choice of studies and gives what one
needs and ought to have. The chan
cellor urged that the meeting of uni
versity people is important. "Meet
university men," he said. "It is a
great education in itself."
"Those who do not. act right cannot
think right," was the kernel of Dr.
Jordan's discourse on the expected
moral development."
That physical, mental and moral de
velopment are expected of college men,
were the three main points of the ad
dress of Chancellor David Starr Jor
dan to the freshmen this afternoon in
the Vestry chapel.
"We want you to be physically fit,"
said the doctor. "We want you to have
blood that flows right, and muscles
that are capable of being properly con
trolled. California's climate is an as
set to physical development. The stu
dents here are stronger than in the
East. They are stronger in the East
than in Europe.
"We expect mental development. The
college tries to help each man along in
his specific work. We want each to
have his individuality." In this con
nection, Dr. Jordan told the freshmen
of the major professor system, show
ing that it affords opportunities for
choice of studies and gives what one
needs and ought to have. The chan
cellor urged that the meeting of uni
versity people is important. "Meet
university men," he said. "It is a
great education in itself."
"Those who do not. act right cannot
think right," was the kernel of Dr.
Jordan's discourse on the expected
moral development."
That physical, mental and moral de
velopment are expected of college men,
were the three main points of the ad
dress of Chancellor David Starr Jor
dan to the freshmen this afternoon in
the Vestry chapel.
"We want you to be physically fit,"
said the doctor. "We want you to have
blood that flows right, and muscles
that are capable of being properly con
trolled. California's climate is an as
set to physical development. The stu
dents here are stronger than in the
East. They are stronger in the East
than in Europe.
"We expect mental development. The
college tries to help each man along in
his specific work. We want each to
have his individuality." In this con
nection, Dr. Jordan told the freshmen
of the major professor system, show
ing that it affords opportunities for
choice of studies and gives what one
needs and ought to have. The chan
cellor urged that the meeting of uni
versity people is important. "Meet
university men," he said. "It is a
great education in itself."
"Those who do not. act right cannot
think right," was the kernel of Dr.
Jordan's discourse on the expected
moral development."
That physical, mental and moral de
velopment are expected of college men,
were the three main points of the ad
dress of Chancellor David Starr Jor
dan to the freshmen this afternoon in
the Vestry chapel.
"We want you to be physically fit,"
said the doctor. "We want you to have
blood that flows right, and muscles
that are capable of being properly con
trolled. California's climate is an as
set to physical development. The stu
dents here are stronger than in the
East. They are stronger in the East
than in Europe.
"We expect mental development. The
college tries to help each man along in
his specific work. We want each to
have his individuality." In this con
nection, Dr. Jordan told the freshmen
of the major professor system, show
ing that it affords opportunities for
choice of studies and gives what one
needs and ought to have. The chan
cellor urged that the meeting of uni
versity people is important. "Meet
university men," he said. "It is a
great education in itself."
"Those who do not. act right cannot
think right," was the kernel of Dr.
Jordan's discourse on the expected
moral development."
That physical, mental and moral de
velopment are expected of college men,
were the three main points of the ad
dress of Chancellor David Starr Jor
dan to the freshmen this afternoon in
the Vestry chapel.
"We want you to be physically fit,"
said the doctor. "We want you to have
blood that flows right, and muscles
that are capable of being properly con
trolled. California's climate is an as
set to physical development. The stu
dents here are stronger than in the
East. They are stronger in the East
than in Europe.
"We expect mental development. The
college tries to help each man along in
his specific work. We want each to
have his individuality." In this con
nection, Dr. Jordan told the freshmen
of the major professor system, show
ing that it affords opportunities for
choice of studies and gives what one
needs and ought to have. The chan
cellor urged that the meeting of uni
versity people is important. "Meet
university men," he said. "It is a
great education in itself."
"Those who do not. act right cannot
think right," was the kernel of Dr.
Jordan's discourse on the expected
moral development."
That physical, mental and moral de
velopment are expected of college men,
were the three main points of the ad
dress of Chancellor David Starr Jor
dan to the freshmen this afternoon in
the Vestry chapel.
"We want you to be physically fit,"
said the doctor. "We want you to have
blood that flows right, and muscles
that are capable of being properly con
trolled. California's climate is an as
set to physical development. The stu
dents here are stronger than in the
East. They are stronger in the East
than in Europe.
"We expect mental development. The
college tries to help each man along in
his specific work. We want each to
have his individuality." In this con
nection, Dr. Jordan told the freshmen
of the major professor system, show
ing that it affords opportunities for
choice of studies and gives what one
needs and ought to have. The chan
cellor urged that the meeting of uni
versity people is important. "Meet
university men," he said. "It is a
great education in itself."
"Those who do not. act right cannot
think right," was the kernel of Dr.
Jordan's discourse on the expected
moral development."
That physical, mental and moral de
velopment are expected of college men,
were the three main points of the ad
dress of Chancellor David Starr Jor
dan to the freshmen this afternoon in
the Vestry chapel.
"We want you to be physically fit,"
said the doctor. "We want you to have
blood that flows right, and muscles
that are capable of being properly con
trolled. California's climate is an as
set to physical development. The stu
dents here are stronger than in the
East. They are stronger in the East
than in Europe.
"We expect mental development. The
college tries to help each man along in
his specific work. We want each to
have his individuality." In this con
nection, Dr. Jordan told the freshmen
of the major professor system, show
ing that it affords opportunities for
choice of studies and gives what one
needs and ought to have. The chan
cellor urged that the meeting of uni
versity people is important. "Meet
university men," he said. "It is a
great education in itself."
"Those who do not. act right cannot
think right," was the kernel of Dr.
Jordan's discourse on the expected
moral development."
That physical, mental and moral de
velopment are expected of college men,
were the three main points of the ad
dress of Chancellor David Starr Jor
dan to the freshmen this afternoon in
the Vestry chapel.
"We want you to be physically fit,"
said the doctor. "We want you to have
blood that flows right, and muscles
that are capable of being properly con
trolled. California's climate is an as
set to physical development. The stu
dents here are stronger than in the
East. They are stronger in the East
than in Europe.
"We expect mental development. The
college tries to help each man along in
his specific work. We want each to
have his individuality." In this con
nection, Dr. Jordan told the freshmen
of the major professor system, show
ing that it affords opportunities for
choice of studies and gives what one
needs and ought to have. The chan
cellor urged that the meeting of uni
versity people is important. "Meet
university men," he said. "It is a
great education in itself."
"Those who do not. act right cannot
think right," was the kernel of Dr.
Jordan's discourse on the expected
moral development."
