# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Out-of-door prayer meetings are held
at the Ohio State University during
the semester, when weather permits.
Out-of-door prayer meetings are held
at the Ohio State University during
the semester, when weather permits.
Out-of-door prayer meetings are held
at the Ohio State University during
the semester, when weather permits.
Out-of-door prayer meetings are held
at the Ohio State University during
the semester, when weather permits.
Out-of-door prayer meetings are held
at the Ohio State University during
the semester, when weather permits.
Out-of-door prayer meetings are held
at the Ohio State University during
the semester, when weather permits.
Out-of-door prayer meetings are held
at the Ohio State University during
the semester, when weather permits.
Out-of-door prayer meetings are held
at the Ohio State University during
the semester, when weather permits.
Out-of-door prayer meetings are held
at the Ohio State University during
the semester, when weather permits.
Out-of-door prayer meetings are held
at the Ohio State University during
the semester, when weather permits.
Out-of-door prayer meetings are held
at the Ohio State University during
the semester, when weather permits.
Out-of-door prayer meetings are held
at the Ohio State University during
the semester, when weather permits.
Out-of-door prayer meetings are held
at the Ohio State University during
the semester, when weather permits.
Out-of-door prayer meetings are held
at the Ohio State University during
the semester, when weather permits.
