# GRADE SCHOOL PLAYERS DEVELOP RUGBY TALENT
## 
### 
Rugby is treading the downward
path—on the way to the kindergarten.
Seventh and eighth grade scholars of
Palo Alto high school came home with
the long end of a 0-0 score on Stan
ford field Saturday morning, after a
half-time fray with a picked aggrega
tion of Alameda Grammar school rugby
stars. The trans-bay warriors con
siderably outweighed the Pally squad,
which team was composed of but
twelve men. A sensational run by a
Palo Alto high man almost ended in a
try.
Rugby is treading the downward
path—on the way to the kindergarten.
Seventh and eighth grade scholars of
Palo Alto high school came home with
the long end of a 0-0 score on Stan
ford field Saturday morning, after a
half-time fray with a picked aggrega
tion of Alameda Grammar school rugby
stars. The trans-bay warriors con
siderably outweighed the Pally squad,
which team was composed of but
twelve men. A sensational run by a
Palo Alto high man almost ended in a
try.
Rugby is treading the downward
path—on the way to the kindergarten.
Seventh and eighth grade scholars of
Palo Alto high school came home with
the long end of a 0-0 score on Stan
ford field Saturday morning, after a
half-time fray with a picked aggrega
tion of Alameda Grammar school rugby
stars. The trans-bay warriors con
siderably outweighed the Pally squad,
which team was composed of but
twelve men. A sensational run by a
Palo Alto high man almost ended in a
try.
Rugby is treading the downward
path—on the way to the kindergarten.
Seventh and eighth grade scholars of
Palo Alto high school came home with
the long end of a 0-0 score on Stan
ford field Saturday morning, after a
half-time fray with a picked aggrega
tion of Alameda Grammar school rugby
stars. The trans-bay warriors con
siderably outweighed the Pally squad,
which team was composed of but
twelve men. A sensational run by a
Palo Alto high man almost ended in a
try.
Rugby is treading the downward
path—on the way to the kindergarten.
Seventh and eighth grade scholars of
Palo Alto high school came home with
the long end of a 0-0 score on Stan
ford field Saturday morning, after a
half-time fray with a picked aggrega
tion of Alameda Grammar school rugby
stars. The trans-bay warriors con
siderably outweighed the Pally squad,
which team was composed of but
twelve men. A sensational run by a
Palo Alto high man almost ended in a
try.
Rugby is treading the downward
path—on the way to the kindergarten.
Seventh and eighth grade scholars of
Palo Alto high school came home with
the long end of a 0-0 score on Stan
ford field Saturday morning, after a
half-time fray with a picked aggrega
tion of Alameda Grammar school rugby
stars. The trans-bay warriors con
siderably outweighed the Pally squad,
which team was composed of but
twelve men. A sensational run by a
Palo Alto high man almost ended in a
try.
Rugby is treading the downward
path—on the way to the kindergarten.
Seventh and eighth grade scholars of
Palo Alto high school came home with
the long end of a 0-0 score on Stan
ford field Saturday morning, after a
half-time fray with a picked aggrega
tion of Alameda Grammar school rugby
stars. The trans-bay warriors con
siderably outweighed the Pally squad,
which team was composed of but
twelve men. A sensational run by a
Palo Alto high man almost ended in a
try.
Rugby is treading the downward
path—on the way to the kindergarten.
Seventh and eighth grade scholars of
Palo Alto high school came home with
the long end of a 0-0 score on Stan
ford field Saturday morning, after a
half-time fray with a picked aggrega
tion of Alameda Grammar school rugby
stars. The trans-bay warriors con
siderably outweighed the Pally squad,
which team was composed of but
twelve men. A sensational run by a
Palo Alto high man almost ended in a
try.
Rugby is treading the downward
path—on the way to the kindergarten.
Seventh and eighth grade scholars of
Palo Alto high school came home with
the long end of a 0-0 score on Stan
ford field Saturday morning, after a
half-time fray with a picked aggrega
tion of Alameda Grammar school rugby
stars. The trans-bay warriors con
siderably outweighed the Pally squad,
which team was composed of but
twelve men. A sensational run by a
Palo Alto high man almost ended in a
try.
Rugby is treading the downward
path—on the way to the kindergarten.
Seventh and eighth grade scholars of
Palo Alto high school came home with
the long end of a 0-0 score on Stan
ford field Saturday morning, after a
half-time fray with a picked aggrega
tion of Alameda Grammar school rugby
stars. The trans-bay warriors con
siderably outweighed the Pally squad,
which team was composed of but
twelve men. A sensational run by a
Palo Alto high man almost ended in a
try.
Rugby is treading the downward
path—on the way to the kindergarten.
Seventh and eighth grade scholars of
Palo Alto high school came home with
the long end of a 0-0 score on Stan
ford field Saturday morning, after a
half-time fray with a picked aggrega
tion of Alameda Grammar school rugby
stars. The trans-bay warriors con
siderably outweighed the Pally squad,
which team was composed of but
twelve men. A sensational run by a
Palo Alto high man almost ended in a
try.
Rugby is treading the downward
path—on the way to the kindergarten.
Seventh and eighth grade scholars of
Palo Alto high school came home with
the long end of a 0-0 score on Stan
ford field Saturday morning, after a
half-time fray with a picked aggrega
tion of Alameda Grammar school rugby
stars. The trans-bay warriors con
siderably outweighed the Pally squad,
which team was composed of but
twelve men. A sensational run by a
Palo Alto high man almost ended in a
try.
Rugby is treading the downward
path—on the way to the kindergarten.
Seventh and eighth grade scholars of
Palo Alto high school came home with
the long end of a 0-0 score on Stan
ford field Saturday morning, after a
half-time fray with a picked aggrega
tion of Alameda Grammar school rugby
stars. The trans-bay warriors con
siderably outweighed the Pally squad,
which team was composed of but
twelve men. A sensational run by a
Palo Alto high man almost ended in a
try.
Rugby is treading the downward
path—on the way to the kindergarten.
Seventh and eighth grade scholars of
Palo Alto high school came home with
the long end of a 0-0 score on Stan
ford field Saturday morning, after a
half-time fray with a picked aggrega
tion of Alameda Grammar school rugby
stars. The trans-bay warriors con
siderably outweighed the Pally squad,
which team was composed of but
twelve men. A sensational run by a
Palo Alto high man almost ended in a
try.
