# CONFERENCE MOVES TO RETURN MISSING BOOKS TO LIBRARY
## 
### 
The principal business to occupy the
members of the Interfraternity Confer
ence at the regular meeting last night
was a discussion of the scholarship of
fraternity members and % ways and means
of improving it.
In addition, a motion was passed re
quiring the representative of cach fra
ternity who was present at the meeting
last night to become a committee of one
to collect all books belonging to the Li
brary, which may be at the various fra
ternity houses, and return them to the
Library. Numerous books are lost from
the Library each year through careelss
ness or accident and in case any of them
happen to be in the library of one of
the fraternity houses, the execution of
this motion will restore these books to
circulation.
The principal business to occupy the
members of the Interfraternity Confer
ence at the regular meeting last night
was a discussion of the scholarship of
fraternity members and % ways and means
of improving it.
In addition, a motion was passed re
quiring the representative of cach fra
ternity who was present at the meeting
last night to become a committee of one
to collect all books belonging to the Li
brary, which may be at the various fra
ternity houses, and return them to the
Library. Numerous books are lost from
the Library each year through careelss
ness or accident and in case any of them
happen to be in the library of one of
the fraternity houses, the execution of
this motion will restore these books to
circulation.
The principal business to occupy the
members of the Interfraternity Confer
ence at the regular meeting last night
was a discussion of the scholarship of
fraternity members and % ways and means
of improving it.
In addition, a motion was passed re
quiring the representative of cach fra
ternity who was present at the meeting
last night to become a committee of one
to collect all books belonging to the Li
brary, which may be at the various fra
ternity houses, and return them to the
Library. Numerous books are lost from
the Library each year through careelss
ness or accident and in case any of them
happen to be in the library of one of
the fraternity houses, the execution of
this motion will restore these books to
circulation.
The principal business to occupy the
members of the Interfraternity Confer
ence at the regular meeting last night
was a discussion of the scholarship of
fraternity members and % ways and means
of improving it.
In addition, a motion was passed re
quiring the representative of cach fra
ternity who was present at the meeting
last night to become a committee of one
to collect all books belonging to the Li
brary, which may be at the various fra
ternity houses, and return them to the
Library. Numerous books are lost from
the Library each year through careelss
ness or accident and in case any of them
happen to be in the library of one of
the fraternity houses, the execution of
this motion will restore these books to
circulation.
The principal business to occupy the
members of the Interfraternity Confer
ence at the regular meeting last night
was a discussion of the scholarship of
fraternity members and % ways and means
of improving it.
In addition, a motion was passed re
quiring the representative of cach fra
ternity who was present at the meeting
last night to become a committee of one
to collect all books belonging to the Li
brary, which may be at the various fra
ternity houses, and return them to the
Library. Numerous books are lost from
the Library each year through careelss
ness or accident and in case any of them
happen to be in the library of one of
the fraternity houses, the execution of
this motion will restore these books to
circulation.
The principal business to occupy the
members of the Interfraternity Confer
ence at the regular meeting last night
was a discussion of the scholarship of
fraternity members and % ways and means
of improving it.
In addition, a motion was passed re
quiring the representative of cach fra
ternity who was present at the meeting
last night to become a committee of one
to collect all books belonging to the Li
brary, which may be at the various fra
ternity houses, and return them to the
Library. Numerous books are lost from
the Library each year through careelss
ness or accident and in case any of them
happen to be in the library of one of
the fraternity houses, the execution of
this motion will restore these books to
circulation.
The principal business to occupy the
members of the Interfraternity Confer
ence at the regular meeting last night
was a discussion of the scholarship of
fraternity members and % ways and means
of improving it.
In addition, a motion was passed re
quiring the representative of cach fra
ternity who was present at the meeting
last night to become a committee of one
to collect all books belonging to the Li
brary, which may be at the various fra
ternity houses, and return them to the
Library. Numerous books are lost from
the Library each year through careelss
ness or accident and in case any of them
happen to be in the library of one of
the fraternity houses, the execution of
this motion will restore these books to
circulation.
The principal business to occupy the
members of the Interfraternity Confer
ence at the regular meeting last night
was a discussion of the scholarship of
fraternity members and % ways and means
of improving it.
In addition, a motion was passed re
quiring the representative of cach fra
ternity who was present at the meeting
last night to become a committee of one
to collect all books belonging to the Li
brary, which may be at the various fra
ternity houses, and return them to the
Library. Numerous books are lost from
the Library each year through careelss
ness or accident and in case any of them
happen to be in the library of one of
the fraternity houses, the execution of
this motion will restore these books to
circulation.
The principal business to occupy the
members of the Interfraternity Confer
ence at the regular meeting last night
was a discussion of the scholarship of
fraternity members and % ways and means
of improving it.
In addition, a motion was passed re
quiring the representative of cach fra
ternity who was present at the meeting
last night to become a committee of one
to collect all books belonging to the Li
brary, which may be at the various fra
ternity houses, and return them to the
Library. Numerous books are lost from
the Library each year through careelss
ness or accident and in case any of them
happen to be in the library of one of
the fraternity houses, the execution of
this motion will restore these books to
circulation.
The principal business to occupy the
members of the Interfraternity Confer
ence at the regular meeting last night
was a discussion of the scholarship of
fraternity members and % ways and means
of improving it.
In addition, a motion was passed re
quiring the representative of cach fra
ternity who was present at the meeting
last night to become a committee of one
to collect all books belonging to the Li
brary, which may be at the various fra
ternity houses, and return them to the
Library. Numerous books are lost from
the Library each year through careelss
ness or accident and in case any of them
happen to be in the library of one of
the fraternity houses, the execution of
this motion will restore these books to
circulation.
The principal business to occupy the
members of the Interfraternity Confer
ence at the regular meeting last night
was a discussion of the scholarship of
fraternity members and % ways and means
of improving it.
In addition, a motion was passed re
quiring the representative of cach fra
ternity who was present at the meeting
last night to become a committee of one
to collect all books belonging to the Li
brary, which may be at the various fra
ternity houses, and return them to the
Library. Numerous books are lost from
the Library each year through careelss
ness or accident and in case any of them
happen to be in the library of one of
the fraternity houses, the execution of
this motion will restore these books to
circulation.
The principal business to occupy the
members of the Interfraternity Confer
ence at the regular meeting last night
was a discussion of the scholarship of
fraternity members and % ways and means
of improving it.
In addition, a motion was passed re
quiring the representative of cach fra
ternity who was present at the meeting
last night to become a committee of one
to collect all books belonging to the Li
brary, which may be at the various fra
ternity houses, and return them to the
Library. Numerous books are lost from
the Library each year through careelss
ness or accident and in case any of them
happen to be in the library of one of
the fraternity houses, the execution of
this motion will restore these books to
circulation.
The principal business to occupy the
members of the Interfraternity Confer
ence at the regular meeting last night
was a discussion of the scholarship of
fraternity members and % ways and means
of improving it.
In addition, a motion was passed re
quiring the representative of cach fra
ternity who was present at the meeting
last night to become a committee of one
to collect all books belonging to the Li
brary, which may be at the various fra
ternity houses, and return them to the
Library. Numerous books are lost from
the Library each year through careelss
ness or accident and in case any of them
happen to be in the library of one of
the fraternity houses, the execution of
this motion will restore these books to
circulation.
