# Debate Intercollegiate Question.
## 
### 
All the squads in the Intercol
legiate finals to be held March
20th will discuss the question
chosen for the debate between the
universities: "Resolved, That the
Southern States should grant suf
frage to the Negro in accordance
with the spirit of the Fifteenth
Amendment."
It is probable that the same
question will be submitted to
Washington. Both the question
and the names proposed for judges
will be sent to the Northern insti
tution tomorrow.
All the squads in the Intercol
legiate finals to be held March
20th will discuss the question
chosen for the debate between the
universities: "Resolved, That the
Southern States should grant suf
frage to the Negro in accordance
with the spirit of the Fifteenth
Amendment."
It is probable that the same
question will be submitted to
Washington. Both the question
and the names proposed for judges
will be sent to the Northern insti
tution tomorrow.
All the squads in the Intercol
legiate finals to be held March
20th will discuss the question
chosen for the debate between the
universities: "Resolved, That the
Southern States should grant suf
frage to the Negro in accordance
with the spirit of the Fifteenth
Amendment."
It is probable that the same
question will be submitted to
Washington. Both the question
and the names proposed for judges
will be sent to the Northern insti
tution tomorrow.
All the squads in the Intercol
legiate finals to be held March
20th will discuss the question
chosen for the debate between the
universities: "Resolved, That the
Southern States should grant suf
frage to the Negro in accordance
with the spirit of the Fifteenth
Amendment."
It is probable that the same
question will be submitted to
Washington. Both the question
and the names proposed for judges
will be sent to the Northern insti
tution tomorrow.
All the squads in the Intercol
legiate finals to be held March
20th will discuss the question
chosen for the debate between the
universities: "Resolved, That the
Southern States should grant suf
frage to the Negro in accordance
with the spirit of the Fifteenth
Amendment."
It is probable that the same
question will be submitted to
Washington. Both the question
and the names proposed for judges
will be sent to the Northern insti
tution tomorrow.
All the squads in the Intercol
legiate finals to be held March
20th will discuss the question
chosen for the debate between the
universities: "Resolved, That the
Southern States should grant suf
frage to the Negro in accordance
with the spirit of the Fifteenth
Amendment."
It is probable that the same
question will be submitted to
Washington. Both the question
and the names proposed for judges
will be sent to the Northern insti
tution tomorrow.
All the squads in the Intercol
legiate finals to be held March
20th will discuss the question
chosen for the debate between the
universities: "Resolved, That the
Southern States should grant suf
frage to the Negro in accordance
with the spirit of the Fifteenth
Amendment."
It is probable that the same
question will be submitted to
Washington. Both the question
and the names proposed for judges
will be sent to the Northern insti
tution tomorrow.
