# Coed To Debate in Honolulu
## 
### 

FRANCES FORD, in a picture taken before her departure, points to
the spot on the map where she will debate next Thursday. With her
team-mate. Bob Mallet, she sailed for Honolulu. March 19.

FRANCES FORD, in a picture taken before her departure, points to
the spot on the map where she will debate next Thursday. With her
team-mate. Bob Mallet, she sailed for Honolulu. March 19.

FRANCES FORD, in a picture taken before her departure, points to
the spot on the map where she will debate next Thursday. With her
team-mate. Bob Mallet, she sailed for Honolulu. March 19.

FRANCES FORD, in a picture taken before her departure, points to
the spot on the map where she will debate next Thursday. With her
team-mate. Bob Mallet, she sailed for Honolulu. March 19.

FRANCES FORD, in a picture taken before her departure, points to
the spot on the map where she will debate next Thursday. With her
team-mate. Bob Mallet, she sailed for Honolulu. March 19.

FRANCES FORD, in a picture taken before her departure, points to
the spot on the map where she will debate next Thursday. With her
team-mate. Bob Mallet, she sailed for Honolulu. March 19.

FRANCES FORD, in a picture taken before her departure, points to
the spot on the map where she will debate next Thursday. With her
team-mate. Bob Mallet, she sailed for Honolulu. March 19.

FRANCES FORD, in a picture taken before her departure, points to
the spot on the map where she will debate next Thursday. With her
team-mate. Bob Mallet, she sailed for Honolulu. March 19.

FRANCES FORD, in a picture taken before her departure, points to
the spot on the map where she will debate next Thursday. With her
team-mate. Bob Mallet, she sailed for Honolulu. March 19.

FRANCES FORD, in a picture taken before her departure, points to
the spot on the map where she will debate next Thursday. With her
team-mate. Bob Mallet, she sailed for Honolulu. March 19.

FRANCES FORD, in a picture taken before her departure, points to
the spot on the map where she will debate next Thursday. With her
team-mate. Bob Mallet, she sailed for Honolulu. March 19.

FRANCES FORD, in a picture taken before her departure, points to
the spot on the map where she will debate next Thursday. With her
team-mate. Bob Mallet, she sailed for Honolulu. March 19.

FRANCES FORD, in a picture taken before her departure, points to
the spot on the map where she will debate next Thursday. With her
team-mate. Bob Mallet, she sailed for Honolulu. March 19.

FRANCES FORD, in a picture taken before her departure, points to
the spot on the map where she will debate next Thursday. With her
team-mate. Bob Mallet, she sailed for Honolulu. March 19.

FRANCES FORD, in a picture taken before her departure, points to
the spot on the map where she will debate next Thursday. With her
team-mate. Bob Mallet, she sailed for Honolulu. March 19.
