# OREGON WINS SWIM MEET
## 
### 
EUGENE, Ore., March 29 (U.R).—
University of Oregon successfully
defended its Northern Division
wimming title ;it Pullman, Wash.,
I>y defeating University of Wash
ington, Oregon Stale, Washington
State, and Idaho,
EUGENE, Ore., March 29 (U.R).—
University of Oregon successfully
defended its Northern Division
wimming title ;it Pullman, Wash.,
I>y defeating University of Wash
ington, Oregon Stale, Washington
State, and Idaho,
EUGENE, Ore., March 29 (U.R).—
University of Oregon successfully
defended its Northern Division
wimming title ;it Pullman, Wash.,
I>y defeating University of Wash
ington, Oregon Stale, Washington
State, and Idaho,
EUGENE, Ore., March 29 (U.R).—
University of Oregon successfully
defended its Northern Division
wimming title ;it Pullman, Wash.,
I>y defeating University of Wash
ington, Oregon Stale, Washington
State, and Idaho,
EUGENE, Ore., March 29 (U.R).—
University of Oregon successfully
defended its Northern Division
wimming title ;it Pullman, Wash.,
I>y defeating University of Wash
ington, Oregon Stale, Washington
State, and Idaho,
EUGENE, Ore., March 29 (U.R).—
University of Oregon successfully
defended its Northern Division
wimming title ;it Pullman, Wash.,
I>y defeating University of Wash
ington, Oregon Stale, Washington
State, and Idaho,
EUGENE, Ore., March 29 (U.R).—
University of Oregon successfully
defended its Northern Division
wimming title ;it Pullman, Wash.,
I>y defeating University of Wash
ington, Oregon Stale, Washington
State, and Idaho,
EUGENE, Ore., March 29 (U.R).—
University of Oregon successfully
defended its Northern Division
wimming title ;it Pullman, Wash.,
I>y defeating University of Wash
ington, Oregon Stale, Washington
State, and Idaho,
EUGENE, Ore., March 29 (U.R).—
University of Oregon successfully
defended its Northern Division
wimming title ;it Pullman, Wash.,
I>y defeating University of Wash
ington, Oregon Stale, Washington
State, and Idaho,
EUGENE, Ore., March 29 (U.R).—
University of Oregon successfully
defended its Northern Division
wimming title ;it Pullman, Wash.,
I>y defeating University of Wash
ington, Oregon Stale, Washington
State, and Idaho,
EUGENE, Ore., March 29 (U.R).—
University of Oregon successfully
defended its Northern Division
wimming title ;it Pullman, Wash.,
I>y defeating University of Wash
ington, Oregon Stale, Washington
State, and Idaho,
EUGENE, Ore., March 29 (U.R).—
University of Oregon successfully
defended its Northern Division
wimming title ;it Pullman, Wash.,
I>y defeating University of Wash
ington, Oregon Stale, Washington
State, and Idaho,
EUGENE, Ore., March 29 (U.R).—
University of Oregon successfully
defended its Northern Division
wimming title ;it Pullman, Wash.,
I>y defeating University of Wash
ington, Oregon Stale, Washington
State, and Idaho,
EUGENE, Ore., March 29 (U.R).—
University of Oregon successfully
defended its Northern Division
wimming title ;it Pullman, Wash.,
I>y defeating University of Wash
ington, Oregon Stale, Washington
State, and Idaho,
EUGENE, Ore., March 29 (U.R).—
University of Oregon successfully
defended its Northern Division
wimming title ;it Pullman, Wash.,
I>y defeating University of Wash
ington, Oregon Stale, Washington
State, and Idaho,
