# Lunch Club Plans Meeting for April 7
## 
### 
First meeting of the Stanford
Luncheon .Club this quarter will be
on Wednesday, April 7, it was an
nounced today.
The meeting set for this Wednes
day, at which Dr. D. Charles Gard
ner, former Stanford chaplain, was
to speak, has been cancelled. No
speaker has yet been secured for
the meeting of the Luncheon Club
next week.
First meeting of the Stanford
Luncheon .Club this quarter will be
on Wednesday, April 7, it was an
nounced today.
The meeting set for this Wednes
day, at which Dr. D. Charles Gard
ner, former Stanford chaplain, was
to speak, has been cancelled. No
speaker has yet been secured for
the meeting of the Luncheon Club
next week.
First meeting of the Stanford
Luncheon .Club this quarter will be
on Wednesday, April 7, it was an
nounced today.
The meeting set for this Wednes
day, at which Dr. D. Charles Gard
ner, former Stanford chaplain, was
to speak, has been cancelled. No
speaker has yet been secured for
the meeting of the Luncheon Club
next week.
First meeting of the Stanford
Luncheon .Club this quarter will be
on Wednesday, April 7, it was an
nounced today.
The meeting set for this Wednes
day, at which Dr. D. Charles Gard
ner, former Stanford chaplain, was
to speak, has been cancelled. No
speaker has yet been secured for
the meeting of the Luncheon Club
next week.
First meeting of the Stanford
Luncheon .Club this quarter will be
on Wednesday, April 7, it was an
nounced today.
The meeting set for this Wednes
day, at which Dr. D. Charles Gard
ner, former Stanford chaplain, was
to speak, has been cancelled. No
speaker has yet been secured for
the meeting of the Luncheon Club
next week.
First meeting of the Stanford
Luncheon .Club this quarter will be
on Wednesday, April 7, it was an
nounced today.
The meeting set for this Wednes
day, at which Dr. D. Charles Gard
ner, former Stanford chaplain, was
to speak, has been cancelled. No
speaker has yet been secured for
the meeting of the Luncheon Club
next week.
First meeting of the Stanford
Luncheon .Club this quarter will be
on Wednesday, April 7, it was an
nounced today.
The meeting set for this Wednes
day, at which Dr. D. Charles Gard
ner, former Stanford chaplain, was
to speak, has been cancelled. No
speaker has yet been secured for
the meeting of the Luncheon Club
next week.
First meeting of the Stanford
Luncheon .Club this quarter will be
on Wednesday, April 7, it was an
nounced today.
The meeting set for this Wednes
day, at which Dr. D. Charles Gard
ner, former Stanford chaplain, was
to speak, has been cancelled. No
speaker has yet been secured for
the meeting of the Luncheon Club
next week.
First meeting of the Stanford
Luncheon .Club this quarter will be
on Wednesday, April 7, it was an
nounced today.
The meeting set for this Wednes
day, at which Dr. D. Charles Gard
ner, former Stanford chaplain, was
to speak, has been cancelled. No
speaker has yet been secured for
the meeting of the Luncheon Club
next week.
First meeting of the Stanford
Luncheon .Club this quarter will be
on Wednesday, April 7, it was an
nounced today.
The meeting set for this Wednes
day, at which Dr. D. Charles Gard
ner, former Stanford chaplain, was
to speak, has been cancelled. No
speaker has yet been secured for
the meeting of the Luncheon Club
next week.
First meeting of the Stanford
Luncheon .Club this quarter will be
on Wednesday, April 7, it was an
nounced today.
The meeting set for this Wednes
day, at which Dr. D. Charles Gard
ner, former Stanford chaplain, was
to speak, has been cancelled. No
speaker has yet been secured for
the meeting of the Luncheon Club
next week.
First meeting of the Stanford
Luncheon .Club this quarter will be
on Wednesday, April 7, it was an
nounced today.
The meeting set for this Wednes
day, at which Dr. D. Charles Gard
ner, former Stanford chaplain, was
to speak, has been cancelled. No
speaker has yet been secured for
the meeting of the Luncheon Club
next week.
First meeting of the Stanford
Luncheon .Club this quarter will be
on Wednesday, April 7, it was an
nounced today.
The meeting set for this Wednes
day, at which Dr. D. Charles Gard
ner, former Stanford chaplain, was
to speak, has been cancelled. No
speaker has yet been secured for
the meeting of the Luncheon Club
next week.
First meeting of the Stanford
Luncheon .Club this quarter will be
on Wednesday, April 7, it was an
nounced today.
The meeting set for this Wednes
day, at which Dr. D. Charles Gard
ner, former Stanford chaplain, was
to speak, has been cancelled. No
speaker has yet been secured for
the meeting of the Luncheon Club
next week.
First meeting of the Stanford
Luncheon .Club this quarter will be
on Wednesday, April 7, it was an
nounced today.
The meeting set for this Wednes
day, at which Dr. D. Charles Gard
ner, former Stanford chaplain, was
to speak, has been cancelled. No
speaker has yet been secured for
the meeting of the Luncheon Club
next week.
