# Amendments Up for Okeh
## Ex Committee Will Plan Nominating Assembly 
### 
With Preside'nt Jim Reynolds de
bating in Central America and Sen
ior Man Bob Mallett debating in
Honolulu, a particularly short
handed Ex Committee will slide into
Old Union chairs tonight for the
first session of spring.
Vice-President Esther Pelton, pre
siding in Reynolds' absence, last
night saw nothing of spectacular im
portance on tonight's docket but
could not predict what would burst
from "a clear sky."
Two amendments to the A.S.S.U.
constitution will be proposed—one
to limit the number of A.S.S.U. of
fices any one individual can hold, the
other to enable Ex Committee to fix
its own election rules without
changing constitutional by-laws ev
ery election.
The student body will vote on
the amendments, along with candi
dates for the major A.S.S.U. execu
tive posts, at the spring elections
two weeks from today.
An all-University assembly to in
troduce candidates to the voters—
with "a little entertainment mixed
in to make the introductions pal
atable"—will be planned for April 8
if the Public Exercises Committee
approves.
Peace Day, which will be cele
brated by the nation's colleges on
April 22, will probably be noted at
Stanford by an assembly and forums
along the line of last year's. Ex
Committee will discuss it tonight.
With Preside'nt Jim Reynolds de
bating in Central America and Sen
ior Man Bob Mallett debating in
Honolulu, a particularly short
handed Ex Committee will slide into
Old Union chairs tonight for the
first session of spring.
Vice-President Esther Pelton, pre
siding in Reynolds' absence, last
night saw nothing of spectacular im
portance on tonight's docket but
could not predict what would burst
from "a clear sky."
Two amendments to the A.S.S.U.
constitution will be proposed—one
to limit the number of A.S.S.U. of
fices any one individual can hold, the
other to enable Ex Committee to fix
its own election rules without
changing constitutional by-laws ev
ery election.
The student body will vote on
the amendments, along with candi
dates for the major A.S.S.U. execu
tive posts, at the spring elections
two weeks from today.
An all-University assembly to in
troduce candidates to the voters—
with "a little entertainment mixed
in to make the introductions pal
atable"—will be planned for April 8
if the Public Exercises Committee
approves.
Peace Day, which will be cele
brated by the nation's colleges on
April 22, will probably be noted at
Stanford by an assembly and forums
along the line of last year's. Ex
Committee will discuss it tonight.
With Preside'nt Jim Reynolds de
bating in Central America and Sen
ior Man Bob Mallett debating in
Honolulu, a particularly short
handed Ex Committee will slide into
Old Union chairs tonight for the
first session of spring.
Vice-President Esther Pelton, pre
siding in Reynolds' absence, last
night saw nothing of spectacular im
portance on tonight's docket but
could not predict what would burst
from "a clear sky."
Two amendments to the A.S.S.U.
constitution will be proposed—one
to limit the number of A.S.S.U. of
fices any one individual can hold, the
other to enable Ex Committee to fix
its own election rules without
changing constitutional by-laws ev
ery election.
The student body will vote on
the amendments, along with candi
dates for the major A.S.S.U. execu
tive posts, at the spring elections
two weeks from today.
An all-University assembly to in
troduce candidates to the voters—
with "a little entertainment mixed
in to make the introductions pal
atable"—will be planned for April 8
if the Public Exercises Committee
approves.
Peace Day, which will be cele
brated by the nation's colleges on
April 22, will probably be noted at
Stanford by an assembly and forums
along the line of last year's. Ex
Committee will discuss it tonight.
With Preside'nt Jim Reynolds de
bating in Central America and Sen
ior Man Bob Mallett debating in
Honolulu, a particularly short
handed Ex Committee will slide into
Old Union chairs tonight for the
first session of spring.
Vice-President Esther Pelton, pre
siding in Reynolds' absence, last
night saw nothing of spectacular im
portance on tonight's docket but
could not predict what would burst
from "a clear sky."
Two amendments to the A.S.S.U.
constitution will be proposed—one
to limit the number of A.S.S.U. of
fices any one individual can hold, the
other to enable Ex Committee to fix
its own election rules without
changing constitutional by-laws ev
ery election.
The student body will vote on
the amendments, along with candi
dates for the major A.S.S.U. execu
tive posts, at the spring elections
two weeks from today.
An all-University assembly to in
troduce candidates to the voters—
with "a little entertainment mixed
in to make the introductions pal
atable"—will be planned for April 8
if the Public Exercises Committee
approves.
Peace Day, which will be cele
brated by the nation's colleges on
April 22, will probably be noted at
Stanford by an assembly and forums
along the line of last year's. Ex
Committee will discuss it tonight.
With Preside'nt Jim Reynolds de
bating in Central America and Sen
ior Man Bob Mallett debating in
Honolulu, a particularly short
handed Ex Committee will slide into
Old Union chairs tonight for the
first session of spring.
Vice-President Esther Pelton, pre
siding in Reynolds' absence, last
night saw nothing of spectacular im
portance on tonight's docket but
could not predict what would burst
from "a clear sky."
Two amendments to the A.S.S.U.
constitution will be proposed—one
to limit the number of A.S.S.U. of
fices any one individual can hold, the
other to enable Ex Committee to fix
its own election rules without
changing constitutional by-laws ev
ery election.
The student body will vote on
the amendments, along with candi
dates for the major A.S.S.U. execu
tive posts, at the spring elections
two weeks from today.
An all-University assembly to in
troduce candidates to the voters—
with "a little entertainment mixed
in to make the introductions pal
atable"—will be planned for April 8
if the Public Exercises Committee
approves.
Peace Day, which will be cele
brated by the nation's colleges on
April 22, will probably be noted at
Stanford by an assembly and forums
along the line of last year's. Ex
Committee will discuss it tonight.
With Preside'nt Jim Reynolds de
bating in Central America and Sen
ior Man Bob Mallett debating in
Honolulu, a particularly short
handed Ex Committee will slide into
Old Union chairs tonight for the
first session of spring.
Vice-President Esther Pelton, pre
siding in Reynolds' absence, last
night saw nothing of spectacular im
portance on tonight's docket but
could not predict what would burst
from "a clear sky."
Two amendments to the A.S.S.U.
constitution will be proposed—one
to limit the number of A.S.S.U. of
fices any one individual can hold, the
other to enable Ex Committee to fix
its own election rules without
changing constitutional by-laws ev
ery election.
The student body will vote on
the amendments, along with candi
dates for the major A.S.S.U. execu
tive posts, at the spring elections
two weeks from today.
An all-University assembly to in
troduce candidates to the voters—
with "a little entertainment mixed
in to make the introductions pal
atable"—will be planned for April 8
if the Public Exercises Committee
approves.
Peace Day, which will be cele
brated by the nation's colleges on
April 22, will probably be noted at
Stanford by an assembly and forums
along the line of last year's. Ex
Committee will discuss it tonight.
With Preside'nt Jim Reynolds de
bating in Central America and Sen
ior Man Bob Mallett debating in
Honolulu, a particularly short
handed Ex Committee will slide into
Old Union chairs tonight for the
first session of spring.
Vice-President Esther Pelton, pre
siding in Reynolds' absence, last
night saw nothing of spectacular im
portance on tonight's docket but
could not predict what would burst
from "a clear sky."
Two amendments to the A.S.S.U.
constitution will be proposed—one
to limit the number of A.S.S.U. of
fices any one individual can hold, the
other to enable Ex Committee to fix
its own election rules without
changing constitutional by-laws ev
ery election.
The student body will vote on
the amendments, along with candi
dates for the major A.S.S.U. execu
tive posts, at the spring elections
two weeks from today.
An all-University assembly to in
troduce candidates to the voters—
with "a little entertainment mixed
in to make the introductions pal
atable"—will be planned for April 8
if the Public Exercises Committee
approves.
Peace Day, which will be cele
brated by the nation's colleges on
April 22, will probably be noted at
Stanford by an assembly and forums
along the line of last year's. Ex
Committee will discuss it tonight.
With Preside'nt Jim Reynolds de
bating in Central America and Sen
ior Man Bob Mallett debating in
Honolulu, a particularly short
handed Ex Committee will slide into
Old Union chairs tonight for the
first session of spring.
Vice-President Esther Pelton, pre
siding in Reynolds' absence, last
night saw nothing of spectacular im
portance on tonight's docket but
could not predict what would burst
from "a clear sky."
Two amendments to the A.S.S.U.
constitution will be proposed—one
to limit the number of A.S.S.U. of
fices any one individual can hold, the
other to enable Ex Committee to fix
its own election rules without
changing constitutional by-laws ev
ery election.
The student body will vote on
the amendments, along with candi
dates for the major A.S.S.U. execu
tive posts, at the spring elections
two weeks from today.
An all-University assembly to in
troduce candidates to the voters—
with "a little entertainment mixed
in to make the introductions pal
atable"—will be planned for April 8
if the Public Exercises Committee
approves.
Peace Day, which will be cele
brated by the nation's colleges on
April 22, will probably be noted at
Stanford by an assembly and forums
along the line of last year's. Ex
Committee will discuss it tonight.
With Preside'nt Jim Reynolds de
bating in Central America and Sen
ior Man Bob Mallett debating in
Honolulu, a particularly short
handed Ex Committee will slide into
Old Union chairs tonight for the
first session of spring.
Vice-President Esther Pelton, pre
siding in Reynolds' absence, last
night saw nothing of spectacular im
portance on tonight's docket but
could not predict what would burst
from "a clear sky."
Two amendments to the A.S.S.U.
constitution will be proposed—one
to limit the number of A.S.S.U. of
fices any one individual can hold, the
other to enable Ex Committee to fix
its own election rules without
changing constitutional by-laws ev
ery election.
The student body will vote on
the amendments, along with candi
dates for the major A.S.S.U. execu
tive posts, at the spring elections
two weeks from today.
An all-University assembly to in
troduce candidates to the voters—
with "a little entertainment mixed
in to make the introductions pal
atable"—will be planned for April 8
if the Public Exercises Committee
approves.
Peace Day, which will be cele
brated by the nation's colleges on
April 22, will probably be noted at
Stanford by an assembly and forums
along the line of last year's. Ex
Committee will discuss it tonight.
With Preside'nt Jim Reynolds de
bating in Central America and Sen
ior Man Bob Mallett debating in
Honolulu, a particularly short
handed Ex Committee will slide into
Old Union chairs tonight for the
first session of spring.
Vice-President Esther Pelton, pre
siding in Reynolds' absence, last
night saw nothing of spectacular im
portance on tonight's docket but
could not predict what would burst
from "a clear sky."
Two amendments to the A.S.S.U.
constitution will be proposed—one
to limit the number of A.S.S.U. of
fices any one individual can hold, the
other to enable Ex Committee to fix
its own election rules without
changing constitutional by-laws ev
ery election.
The student body will vote on
the amendments, along with candi
dates for the major A.S.S.U. execu
tive posts, at the spring elections
two weeks from today.
An all-University assembly to in
troduce candidates to the voters—
with "a little entertainment mixed
in to make the introductions pal
atable"—will be planned for April 8
if the Public Exercises Committee
approves.
Peace Day, which will be cele
brated by the nation's colleges on
April 22, will probably be noted at
Stanford by an assembly and forums
along the line of last year's. Ex
Committee will discuss it tonight.
With Preside'nt Jim Reynolds de
bating in Central America and Sen
ior Man Bob Mallett debating in
Honolulu, a particularly short
handed Ex Committee will slide into
Old Union chairs tonight for the
first session of spring.
Vice-President Esther Pelton, pre
siding in Reynolds' absence, last
night saw nothing of spectacular im
portance on tonight's docket but
could not predict what would burst
from "a clear sky."
Two amendments to the A.S.S.U.
constitution will be proposed—one
to limit the number of A.S.S.U. of
fices any one individual can hold, the
other to enable Ex Committee to fix
its own election rules without
changing constitutional by-laws ev
ery election.
The student body will vote on
the amendments, along with candi
dates for the major A.S.S.U. execu
tive posts, at the spring elections
two weeks from today.
An all-University assembly to in
troduce candidates to the voters—
with "a little entertainment mixed
in to make the introductions pal
atable"—will be planned for April 8
if the Public Exercises Committee
approves.
Peace Day, which will be cele
brated by the nation's colleges on
April 22, will probably be noted at
Stanford by an assembly and forums
along the line of last year's. Ex
Committee will discuss it tonight.
With Preside'nt Jim Reynolds de
bating in Central America and Sen
ior Man Bob Mallett debating in
Honolulu, a particularly short
handed Ex Committee will slide into
Old Union chairs tonight for the
first session of spring.
Vice-President Esther Pelton, pre
siding in Reynolds' absence, last
night saw nothing of spectacular im
portance on tonight's docket but
could not predict what would burst
from "a clear sky."
Two amendments to the A.S.S.U.
constitution will be proposed—one
to limit the number of A.S.S.U. of
fices any one individual can hold, the
other to enable Ex Committee to fix
its own election rules without
changing constitutional by-laws ev
ery election.
The student body will vote on
the amendments, along with candi
dates for the major A.S.S.U. execu
tive posts, at the spring elections
two weeks from today.
An all-University assembly to in
troduce candidates to the voters—
with "a little entertainment mixed
in to make the introductions pal
atable"—will be planned for April 8
if the Public Exercises Committee
approves.
Peace Day, which will be cele
brated by the nation's colleges on
April 22, will probably be noted at
Stanford by an assembly and forums
along the line of last year's. Ex
Committee will discuss it tonight.
With Preside'nt Jim Reynolds de
bating in Central America and Sen
ior Man Bob Mallett debating in
Honolulu, a particularly short
handed Ex Committee will slide into
Old Union chairs tonight for the
first session of spring.
Vice-President Esther Pelton, pre
siding in Reynolds' absence, last
night saw nothing of spectacular im
portance on tonight's docket but
could not predict what would burst
from "a clear sky."
Two amendments to the A.S.S.U.
constitution will be proposed—one
to limit the number of A.S.S.U. of
fices any one individual can hold, the
other to enable Ex Committee to fix
its own election rules without
changing constitutional by-laws ev
ery election.
The student body will vote on
the amendments, along with candi
dates for the major A.S.S.U. execu
tive posts, at the spring elections
two weeks from today.
An all-University assembly to in
troduce candidates to the voters—
with "a little entertainment mixed
in to make the introductions pal
atable"—will be planned for April 8
if the Public Exercises Committee
approves.
Peace Day, which will be cele
brated by the nation's colleges on
April 22, will probably be noted at
Stanford by an assembly and forums
along the line of last year's. Ex
Committee will discuss it tonight.
With Preside'nt Jim Reynolds de
bating in Central America and Sen
ior Man Bob Mallett debating in
Honolulu, a particularly short
handed Ex Committee will slide into
Old Union chairs tonight for the
first session of spring.
Vice-President Esther Pelton, pre
siding in Reynolds' absence, last
night saw nothing of spectacular im
portance on tonight's docket but
could not predict what would burst
from "a clear sky."
Two amendments to the A.S.S.U.
constitution will be proposed—one
to limit the number of A.S.S.U. of
fices any one individual can hold, the
other to enable Ex Committee to fix
its own election rules without
changing constitutional by-laws ev
ery election.
The student body will vote on
the amendments, along with candi
dates for the major A.S.S.U. execu
tive posts, at the spring elections
two weeks from today.
An all-University assembly to in
troduce candidates to the voters—
with "a little entertainment mixed
in to make the introductions pal
atable"—will be planned for April 8
if the Public Exercises Committee
approves.
Peace Day, which will be cele
brated by the nation's colleges on
April 22, will probably be noted at
Stanford by an assembly and forums
along the line of last year's. Ex
Committee will discuss it tonight.
With Preside'nt Jim Reynolds de
bating in Central America and Sen
ior Man Bob Mallett debating in
Honolulu, a particularly short
handed Ex Committee will slide into
Old Union chairs tonight for the
first session of spring.
Vice-President Esther Pelton, pre
siding in Reynolds' absence, last
night saw nothing of spectacular im
portance on tonight's docket but
could not predict what would burst
from "a clear sky."
Two amendments to the A.S.S.U.
constitution will be proposed—one
to limit the number of A.S.S.U. of
fices any one individual can hold, the
other to enable Ex Committee to fix
its own election rules without
changing constitutional by-laws ev
ery election.
The student body will vote on
the amendments, along with candi
dates for the major A.S.S.U. execu
tive posts, at the spring elections
two weeks from today.
An all-University assembly to in
troduce candidates to the voters—
with "a little entertainment mixed
in to make the introductions pal
atable"—will be planned for April 8
if the Public Exercises Committee
approves.
Peace Day, which will be cele
brated by the nation's colleges on
April 22, will probably be noted at
Stanford by an assembly and forums
along the line of last year's. Ex
Committee will discuss it tonight.
