# Spring Reg Figure Tops Former Total
## 
### 
Showing an increase of almost one
hundred students, spring registration
figures totaled 3466. Of this figure,
24ti(i were men, 938 women; this
compares with 2375 men and a num
ber of women equal >to this year's
total, 998, who enrolled last spring.
Enrollment figures have gained
steadily since 1935, when 3257 stu
dents entered in the spring; how
ever, the gain has been in the num
ber of men, as the total of women
enrolled has remained constant,
around 1000.
Showing an increase of almost one
hundred students, spring registration
figures totaled 3466. Of this figure,
24ti(i were men, 938 women; this
compares with 2375 men and a num
ber of women equal >to this year's
total, 998, who enrolled last spring.
Enrollment figures have gained
steadily since 1935, when 3257 stu
dents entered in the spring; how
ever, the gain has been in the num
ber of men, as the total of women
enrolled has remained constant,
around 1000.
Showing an increase of almost one
hundred students, spring registration
figures totaled 3466. Of this figure,
24ti(i were men, 938 women; this
compares with 2375 men and a num
ber of women equal >to this year's
total, 998, who enrolled last spring.
Enrollment figures have gained
steadily since 1935, when 3257 stu
dents entered in the spring; how
ever, the gain has been in the num
ber of men, as the total of women
enrolled has remained constant,
around 1000.
Showing an increase of almost one
hundred students, spring registration
figures totaled 3466. Of this figure,
24ti(i were men, 938 women; this
compares with 2375 men and a num
ber of women equal >to this year's
total, 998, who enrolled last spring.
Enrollment figures have gained
steadily since 1935, when 3257 stu
dents entered in the spring; how
ever, the gain has been in the num
ber of men, as the total of women
enrolled has remained constant,
around 1000.
Showing an increase of almost one
hundred students, spring registration
figures totaled 3466. Of this figure,
24ti(i were men, 938 women; this
compares with 2375 men and a num
ber of women equal >to this year's
total, 998, who enrolled last spring.
Enrollment figures have gained
steadily since 1935, when 3257 stu
dents entered in the spring; how
ever, the gain has been in the num
ber of men, as the total of women
enrolled has remained constant,
around 1000.
Showing an increase of almost one
hundred students, spring registration
figures totaled 3466. Of this figure,
24ti(i were men, 938 women; this
compares with 2375 men and a num
ber of women equal >to this year's
total, 998, who enrolled last spring.
Enrollment figures have gained
steadily since 1935, when 3257 stu
dents entered in the spring; how
ever, the gain has been in the num
ber of men, as the total of women
enrolled has remained constant,
around 1000.
Showing an increase of almost one
hundred students, spring registration
figures totaled 3466. Of this figure,
24ti(i were men, 938 women; this
compares with 2375 men and a num
ber of women equal >to this year's
total, 998, who enrolled last spring.
Enrollment figures have gained
steadily since 1935, when 3257 stu
dents entered in the spring; how
ever, the gain has been in the num
ber of men, as the total of women
enrolled has remained constant,
around 1000.
Showing an increase of almost one
hundred students, spring registration
figures totaled 3466. Of this figure,
24ti(i were men, 938 women; this
compares with 2375 men and a num
ber of women equal >to this year's
total, 998, who enrolled last spring.
Enrollment figures have gained
steadily since 1935, when 3257 stu
dents entered in the spring; how
ever, the gain has been in the num
ber of men, as the total of women
enrolled has remained constant,
around 1000.
Showing an increase of almost one
hundred students, spring registration
figures totaled 3466. Of this figure,
24ti(i were men, 938 women; this
compares with 2375 men and a num
ber of women equal >to this year's
total, 998, who enrolled last spring.
Enrollment figures have gained
steadily since 1935, when 3257 stu
dents entered in the spring; how
ever, the gain has been in the num
ber of men, as the total of women
enrolled has remained constant,
around 1000.
Showing an increase of almost one
hundred students, spring registration
figures totaled 3466. Of this figure,
24ti(i were men, 938 women; this
compares with 2375 men and a num
ber of women equal >to this year's
total, 998, who enrolled last spring.
Enrollment figures have gained
steadily since 1935, when 3257 stu
dents entered in the spring; how
ever, the gain has been in the num
ber of men, as the total of women
enrolled has remained constant,
around 1000.
Showing an increase of almost one
hundred students, spring registration
figures totaled 3466. Of this figure,
24ti(i were men, 938 women; this
compares with 2375 men and a num
ber of women equal >to this year's
total, 998, who enrolled last spring.
Enrollment figures have gained
steadily since 1935, when 3257 stu
dents entered in the spring; how
ever, the gain has been in the num
ber of men, as the total of women
enrolled has remained constant,
around 1000.
Showing an increase of almost one
hundred students, spring registration
figures totaled 3466. Of this figure,
24ti(i were men, 938 women; this
compares with 2375 men and a num
ber of women equal >to this year's
total, 998, who enrolled last spring.
Enrollment figures have gained
steadily since 1935, when 3257 stu
dents entered in the spring; how
ever, the gain has been in the num
ber of men, as the total of women
enrolled has remained constant,
around 1000.
Showing an increase of almost one
hundred students, spring registration
figures totaled 3466. Of this figure,
24ti(i were men, 938 women; this
compares with 2375 men and a num
ber of women equal >to this year's
total, 998, who enrolled last spring.
Enrollment figures have gained
steadily since 1935, when 3257 stu
dents entered in the spring; how
ever, the gain has been in the num
ber of men, as the total of women
enrolled has remained constant,
around 1000.
Showing an increase of almost one
hundred students, spring registration
figures totaled 3466. Of this figure,
24ti(i were men, 938 women; this
compares with 2375 men and a num
ber of women equal >to this year's
total, 998, who enrolled last spring.
Enrollment figures have gained
steadily since 1935, when 3257 stu
dents entered in the spring; how
ever, the gain has been in the num
ber of men, as the total of women
enrolled has remained constant,
around 1000.
Showing an increase of almost one
hundred students, spring registration
figures totaled 3466. Of this figure,
24ti(i were men, 938 women; this
compares with 2375 men and a num
ber of women equal >to this year's
total, 998, who enrolled last spring.
Enrollment figures have gained
steadily since 1935, when 3257 stu
dents entered in the spring; how
ever, the gain has been in the num
ber of men, as the total of women
enrolled has remained constant,
around 1000.
