# Adv. 17 Page 7
## 
### 
WANT TO EARN
$ 9000 A YEAR?
A career in life insurance
selling cun be both profitable
and satisfying . . . with your
income limited only by your
own efforts. Many of our rep
resentatives earn $4,000 to
$9,000 a year, and more! We
invite you to send for our
scientific Aptitude Teat, which
measures your qualifications
tor this interesting work.
After taking the test, you'll
hear from our manager in or
near your community. If you
qualify, he'll explain our
excellent on-the-job training
course and the famous Mutual
Lifetime Compensation Plan,
which provides liberal com
missions, service fees and a
substantial retirement income
at 6ft. Mail the coupon today!
THE MUTUAL LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY of NCW YORK
34 Ntistu Stfift MtwYffklt N.Y.
FIRST )fi AMERICA
MMt Af JlTtm. TE3T AODRKO9 DtfPT. 112
A ■'
WANT TO EARN
$ 9000 A YEAR?
A career in life insurance
selling cun be both profitable
and satisfying . . . with your
income limited only by your
own efforts. Many of our rep
resentatives earn $4,000 to
$9,000 a year, and more! We
invite you to send for our
scientific Aptitude Teat, which
measures your qualifications
tor this interesting work.
After taking the test, you'll
hear from our manager in or
near your community. If you
qualify, he'll explain our
excellent on-the-job training
course and the famous Mutual
Lifetime Compensation Plan,
which provides liberal com
missions, service fees and a
substantial retirement income
at 6ft. Mail the coupon today!
THE MUTUAL LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY of NCW YORK
34 Ntistu Stfift MtwYffklt N.Y.
FIRST )fi AMERICA
MMt Af JlTtm. TE3T AODRKO9 DtfPT. 112
A ■'
WANT TO EARN
$ 9000 A YEAR?
A career in life insurance
selling cun be both profitable
and satisfying . . . with your
income limited only by your
own efforts. Many of our rep
resentatives earn $4,000 to
$9,000 a year, and more! We
invite you to send for our
scientific Aptitude Teat, which
measures your qualifications
tor this interesting work.
After taking the test, you'll
hear from our manager in or
near your community. If you
qualify, he'll explain our
excellent on-the-job training
course and the famous Mutual
Lifetime Compensation Plan,
which provides liberal com
missions, service fees and a
substantial retirement income
at 6ft. Mail the coupon today!
THE MUTUAL LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY of NCW YORK
34 Ntistu Stfift MtwYffklt N.Y.
FIRST )fi AMERICA
MMt Af JlTtm. TE3T AODRKO9 DtfPT. 112
A ■'
WANT TO EARN
$ 9000 A YEAR?
A career in life insurance
selling cun be both profitable
and satisfying . . . with your
income limited only by your
own efforts. Many of our rep
resentatives earn $4,000 to
$9,000 a year, and more! We
invite you to send for our
scientific Aptitude Teat, which
measures your qualifications
tor this interesting work.
After taking the test, you'll
hear from our manager in or
near your community. If you
qualify, he'll explain our
excellent on-the-job training
course and the famous Mutual
Lifetime Compensation Plan,
which provides liberal com
missions, service fees and a
substantial retirement income
at 6ft. Mail the coupon today!
THE MUTUAL LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY of NCW YORK
34 Ntistu Stfift MtwYffklt N.Y.
FIRST )fi AMERICA
MMt Af JlTtm. TE3T AODRKO9 DtfPT. 112
A ■'
WANT TO EARN
$ 9000 A YEAR?
A career in life insurance
selling cun be both profitable
and satisfying . . . with your
income limited only by your
own efforts. Many of our rep
resentatives earn $4,000 to
$9,000 a year, and more! We
invite you to send for our
scientific Aptitude Teat, which
measures your qualifications
tor this interesting work.
After taking the test, you'll
hear from our manager in or
near your community. If you
qualify, he'll explain our
excellent on-the-job training
course and the famous Mutual
Lifetime Compensation Plan,
which provides liberal com
missions, service fees and a
substantial retirement income
at 6ft. Mail the coupon today!
THE MUTUAL LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY of NCW YORK
34 Ntistu Stfift MtwYffklt N.Y.
FIRST )fi AMERICA
MMt Af JlTtm. TE3T AODRKO9 DtfPT. 112
A ■'
WANT TO EARN
$ 9000 A YEAR?
A career in life insurance
selling cun be both profitable
and satisfying . . . with your
income limited only by your
own efforts. Many of our rep
resentatives earn $4,000 to
$9,000 a year, and more! We
invite you to send for our
scientific Aptitude Teat, which
measures your qualifications
tor this interesting work.
After taking the test, you'll
hear from our manager in or
near your community. If you
qualify, he'll explain our
excellent on-the-job training
course and the famous Mutual
Lifetime Compensation Plan,
which provides liberal com
missions, service fees and a
substantial retirement income
at 6ft. Mail the coupon today!
THE MUTUAL LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY of NCW YORK
34 Ntistu Stfift MtwYffklt N.Y.
FIRST )fi AMERICA
MMt Af JlTtm. TE3T AODRKO9 DtfPT. 112
A ■'
WANT TO EARN
$ 9000 A YEAR?
A career in life insurance
selling cun be both profitable
and satisfying . . . with your
income limited only by your
own efforts. Many of our rep
resentatives earn $4,000 to
$9,000 a year, and more! We
invite you to send for our
scientific Aptitude Teat, which
measures your qualifications
tor this interesting work.
After taking the test, you'll
hear from our manager in or
near your community. If you
qualify, he'll explain our
excellent on-the-job training
course and the famous Mutual
Lifetime Compensation Plan,
which provides liberal com
missions, service fees and a
substantial retirement income
at 6ft. Mail the coupon today!
THE MUTUAL LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY of NCW YORK
34 Ntistu Stfift MtwYffklt N.Y.
FIRST )fi AMERICA
MMt Af JlTtm. TE3T AODRKO9 DtfPT. 112
A ■'
WANT TO EARN
$ 9000 A YEAR?
A career in life insurance
selling cun be both profitable
and satisfying . . . with your
income limited only by your
own efforts. Many of our rep
resentatives earn $4,000 to
$9,000 a year, and more! We
invite you to send for our
scientific Aptitude Teat, which
measures your qualifications
tor this interesting work.
After taking the test, you'll
hear from our manager in or
near your community. If you
qualify, he'll explain our
excellent on-the-job training
course and the famous Mutual
Lifetime Compensation Plan,
which provides liberal com
missions, service fees and a
substantial retirement income
at 6ft. Mail the coupon today!
THE MUTUAL LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY of NCW YORK
34 Ntistu Stfift MtwYffklt N.Y.
FIRST )fi AMERICA
MMt Af JlTtm. TE3T AODRKO9 DtfPT. 112
A ■'
WANT TO EARN
$ 9000 A YEAR?
A career in life insurance
selling cun be both profitable
and satisfying . . . with your
income limited only by your
own efforts. Many of our rep
resentatives earn $4,000 to
$9,000 a year, and more! We
invite you to send for our
scientific Aptitude Teat, which
measures your qualifications
tor this interesting work.
After taking the test, you'll
hear from our manager in or
near your community. If you
qualify, he'll explain our
excellent on-the-job training
course and the famous Mutual
Lifetime Compensation Plan,
which provides liberal com
missions, service fees and a
substantial retirement income
at 6ft. Mail the coupon today!
THE MUTUAL LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY of NCW YORK
34 Ntistu Stfift MtwYffklt N.Y.
FIRST )fi AMERICA
MMt Af JlTtm. TE3T AODRKO9 DtfPT. 112
A ■'
WANT TO EARN
$ 9000 A YEAR?
A career in life insurance
selling cun be both profitable
and satisfying . . . with your
income limited only by your
own efforts. Many of our rep
resentatives earn $4,000 to
$9,000 a year, and more! We
invite you to send for our
scientific Aptitude Teat, which
measures your qualifications
tor this interesting work.
After taking the test, you'll
hear from our manager in or
near your community. If you
qualify, he'll explain our
excellent on-the-job training
course and the famous Mutual
Lifetime Compensation Plan,
which provides liberal com
missions, service fees and a
substantial retirement income
at 6ft. Mail the coupon today!
THE MUTUAL LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY of NCW YORK
34 Ntistu Stfift MtwYffklt N.Y.
FIRST )fi AMERICA
MMt Af JlTtm. TE3T AODRKO9 DtfPT. 112
A ■'
WANT TO EARN
$ 9000 A YEAR?
A career in life insurance
selling cun be both profitable
and satisfying . . . with your
income limited only by your
own efforts. Many of our rep
resentatives earn $4,000 to
$9,000 a year, and more! We
invite you to send for our
scientific Aptitude Teat, which
measures your qualifications
tor this interesting work.
After taking the test, you'll
hear from our manager in or
near your community. If you
qualify, he'll explain our
excellent on-the-job training
course and the famous Mutual
Lifetime Compensation Plan,
which provides liberal com
missions, service fees and a
substantial retirement income
at 6ft. Mail the coupon today!
THE MUTUAL LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY of NCW YORK
34 Ntistu Stfift MtwYffklt N.Y.
FIRST )fi AMERICA
MMt Af JlTtm. TE3T AODRKO9 DtfPT. 112
A ■'
WANT TO EARN
$ 9000 A YEAR?
A career in life insurance
selling cun be both profitable
and satisfying . . . with your
income limited only by your
own efforts. Many of our rep
resentatives earn $4,000 to
$9,000 a year, and more! We
invite you to send for our
scientific Aptitude Teat, which
measures your qualifications
tor this interesting work.
After taking the test, you'll
hear from our manager in or
near your community. If you
qualify, he'll explain our
excellent on-the-job training
course and the famous Mutual
Lifetime Compensation Plan,
which provides liberal com
missions, service fees and a
substantial retirement income
at 6ft. Mail the coupon today!
THE MUTUAL LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY of NCW YORK
34 Ntistu Stfift MtwYffklt N.Y.
FIRST )fi AMERICA
MMt Af JlTtm. TE3T AODRKO9 DtfPT. 112
A ■'
WANT TO EARN
$ 9000 A YEAR?
A career in life insurance
selling cun be both profitable
and satisfying . . . with your
income limited only by your
own efforts. Many of our rep
resentatives earn $4,000 to
$9,000 a year, and more! We
invite you to send for our
scientific Aptitude Teat, which
measures your qualifications
tor this interesting work.
After taking the test, you'll
hear from our manager in or
near your community. If you
qualify, he'll explain our
excellent on-the-job training
course and the famous Mutual
Lifetime Compensation Plan,
which provides liberal com
missions, service fees and a
substantial retirement income
at 6ft. Mail the coupon today!
THE MUTUAL LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY of NCW YORK
34 Ntistu Stfift MtwYffklt N.Y.
FIRST )fi AMERICA
MMt Af JlTtm. TE3T AODRKO9 DtfPT. 112
A ■'
WANT TO EARN
$ 9000 A YEAR?
A career in life insurance
selling cun be both profitable
and satisfying . . . with your
income limited only by your
own efforts. Many of our rep
resentatives earn $4,000 to
$9,000 a year, and more! We
invite you to send for our
scientific Aptitude Teat, which
measures your qualifications
tor this interesting work.
After taking the test, you'll
hear from our manager in or
near your community. If you
qualify, he'll explain our
excellent on-the-job training
course and the famous Mutual
Lifetime Compensation Plan,
which provides liberal com
missions, service fees and a
substantial retirement income
at 6ft. Mail the coupon today!
THE MUTUAL LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY of NCW YORK
34 Ntistu Stfift MtwYffklt N.Y.
FIRST )fi AMERICA
MMt Af JlTtm. TE3T AODRKO9 DtfPT. 112
A ■'
WANT TO EARN
$ 9000 A YEAR?
A career in life insurance
selling cun be both profitable
and satisfying . . . with your
income limited only by your
own efforts. Many of our rep
resentatives earn $4,000 to
$9,000 a year, and more! We
invite you to send for our
scientific Aptitude Teat, which
measures your qualifications
tor this interesting work.
After taking the test, you'll
hear from our manager in or
near your community. If you
qualify, he'll explain our
excellent on-the-job training
course and the famous Mutual
Lifetime Compensation Plan,
which provides liberal com
missions, service fees and a
substantial retirement income
at 6ft. Mail the coupon today!
THE MUTUAL LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY of NCW YORK
34 Ntistu Stfift MtwYffklt N.Y.
FIRST )fi AMERICA
MMt Af JlTtm. TE3T AODRKO9 DtfPT. 112
A ■'
