# Bailey Views Russia In 'Spectator' Article
## 
### 
The first "Pacific Spectator" o!
the year, quarterly magazine print
ed by the Stanford Press, is now
on sale at the Cellar for SI.
Included in the magazine is an
article by Dr. Thomas A. Bailey,
professor of history here, entitled
"Russian-American Relations: Leg
end and Fancy." Dr. Bailey says
that the Russian problem is nothing
new and explains how the Russians
have acted throughout history.
Edith R. Mirrielees, former Stan
ford professor of English, is man
aging editor.
The first "Pacific Spectator" o!
the year, quarterly magazine print
ed by the Stanford Press, is now
on sale at the Cellar for SI.
Included in the magazine is an
article by Dr. Thomas A. Bailey,
professor of history here, entitled
"Russian-American Relations: Leg
end and Fancy." Dr. Bailey says
that the Russian problem is nothing
new and explains how the Russians
have acted throughout history.
Edith R. Mirrielees, former Stan
ford professor of English, is man
aging editor.
The first "Pacific Spectator" o!
the year, quarterly magazine print
ed by the Stanford Press, is now
on sale at the Cellar for SI.
Included in the magazine is an
article by Dr. Thomas A. Bailey,
professor of history here, entitled
"Russian-American Relations: Leg
end and Fancy." Dr. Bailey says
that the Russian problem is nothing
new and explains how the Russians
have acted throughout history.
Edith R. Mirrielees, former Stan
ford professor of English, is man
aging editor.
The first "Pacific Spectator" o!
the year, quarterly magazine print
ed by the Stanford Press, is now
on sale at the Cellar for SI.
Included in the magazine is an
article by Dr. Thomas A. Bailey,
professor of history here, entitled
"Russian-American Relations: Leg
end and Fancy." Dr. Bailey says
that the Russian problem is nothing
new and explains how the Russians
have acted throughout history.
Edith R. Mirrielees, former Stan
ford professor of English, is man
aging editor.
The first "Pacific Spectator" o!
the year, quarterly magazine print
ed by the Stanford Press, is now
on sale at the Cellar for SI.
Included in the magazine is an
article by Dr. Thomas A. Bailey,
professor of history here, entitled
"Russian-American Relations: Leg
end and Fancy." Dr. Bailey says
that the Russian problem is nothing
new and explains how the Russians
have acted throughout history.
Edith R. Mirrielees, former Stan
ford professor of English, is man
aging editor.
The first "Pacific Spectator" o!
the year, quarterly magazine print
ed by the Stanford Press, is now
on sale at the Cellar for SI.
Included in the magazine is an
article by Dr. Thomas A. Bailey,
professor of history here, entitled
"Russian-American Relations: Leg
end and Fancy." Dr. Bailey says
that the Russian problem is nothing
new and explains how the Russians
have acted throughout history.
Edith R. Mirrielees, former Stan
ford professor of English, is man
aging editor.
The first "Pacific Spectator" o!
the year, quarterly magazine print
ed by the Stanford Press, is now
on sale at the Cellar for SI.
Included in the magazine is an
article by Dr. Thomas A. Bailey,
professor of history here, entitled
"Russian-American Relations: Leg
end and Fancy." Dr. Bailey says
that the Russian problem is nothing
new and explains how the Russians
have acted throughout history.
Edith R. Mirrielees, former Stan
ford professor of English, is man
aging editor.
The first "Pacific Spectator" o!
the year, quarterly magazine print
ed by the Stanford Press, is now
on sale at the Cellar for SI.
Included in the magazine is an
article by Dr. Thomas A. Bailey,
professor of history here, entitled
"Russian-American Relations: Leg
end and Fancy." Dr. Bailey says
that the Russian problem is nothing
new and explains how the Russians
have acted throughout history.
Edith R. Mirrielees, former Stan
ford professor of English, is man
aging editor.
The first "Pacific Spectator" o!
the year, quarterly magazine print
ed by the Stanford Press, is now
on sale at the Cellar for SI.
Included in the magazine is an
article by Dr. Thomas A. Bailey,
professor of history here, entitled
"Russian-American Relations: Leg
end and Fancy." Dr. Bailey says
that the Russian problem is nothing
new and explains how the Russians
have acted throughout history.
Edith R. Mirrielees, former Stan
ford professor of English, is man
aging editor.
The first "Pacific Spectator" o!
the year, quarterly magazine print
ed by the Stanford Press, is now
on sale at the Cellar for SI.
Included in the magazine is an
article by Dr. Thomas A. Bailey,
professor of history here, entitled
"Russian-American Relations: Leg
end and Fancy." Dr. Bailey says
that the Russian problem is nothing
new and explains how the Russians
have acted throughout history.
Edith R. Mirrielees, former Stan
ford professor of English, is man
aging editor.
The first "Pacific Spectator" o!
the year, quarterly magazine print
ed by the Stanford Press, is now
on sale at the Cellar for SI.
Included in the magazine is an
article by Dr. Thomas A. Bailey,
professor of history here, entitled
"Russian-American Relations: Leg
end and Fancy." Dr. Bailey says
that the Russian problem is nothing
new and explains how the Russians
have acted throughout history.
Edith R. Mirrielees, former Stan
ford professor of English, is man
aging editor.
The first "Pacific Spectator" o!
the year, quarterly magazine print
ed by the Stanford Press, is now
on sale at the Cellar for SI.
Included in the magazine is an
article by Dr. Thomas A. Bailey,
professor of history here, entitled
"Russian-American Relations: Leg
end and Fancy." Dr. Bailey says
that the Russian problem is nothing
new and explains how the Russians
have acted throughout history.
Edith R. Mirrielees, former Stan
ford professor of English, is man
aging editor.
The first "Pacific Spectator" o!
the year, quarterly magazine print
ed by the Stanford Press, is now
on sale at the Cellar for SI.
Included in the magazine is an
article by Dr. Thomas A. Bailey,
professor of history here, entitled
"Russian-American Relations: Leg
end and Fancy." Dr. Bailey says
that the Russian problem is nothing
new and explains how the Russians
have acted throughout history.
Edith R. Mirrielees, former Stan
ford professor of English, is man
aging editor.
The first "Pacific Spectator" o!
the year, quarterly magazine print
ed by the Stanford Press, is now
on sale at the Cellar for SI.
Included in the magazine is an
article by Dr. Thomas A. Bailey,
professor of history here, entitled
"Russian-American Relations: Leg
end and Fancy." Dr. Bailey says
that the Russian problem is nothing
new and explains how the Russians
have acted throughout history.
Edith R. Mirrielees, former Stan
ford professor of English, is man
aging editor.
The first "Pacific Spectator" o!
the year, quarterly magazine print
ed by the Stanford Press, is now
on sale at the Cellar for SI.
Included in the magazine is an
article by Dr. Thomas A. Bailey,
professor of history here, entitled
"Russian-American Relations: Leg
end and Fancy." Dr. Bailey says
that the Russian problem is nothing
new and explains how the Russians
have acted throughout history.
Edith R. Mirrielees, former Stan
ford professor of English, is man
aging editor.
