# Society to Hear New Orleans Jazz
## 
### 
Banjo-playing Willie Thorpe and
collector Ed Podesta will headline
the meeting of ihe Hot Jazz Club
tonight at 8 in die Nitery. They
will present a program of New Or
leans jazz recordings from their
extensive collections.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend. Starting next week, the ciub
will meet on Monday nights.
Banjo-playing Willie Thorpe and
collector Ed Podesta will headline
the meeting of ihe Hot Jazz Club
tonight at 8 in die Nitery. They
will present a program of New Or
leans jazz recordings from their
extensive collections.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend. Starting next week, the ciub
will meet on Monday nights.
Banjo-playing Willie Thorpe and
collector Ed Podesta will headline
the meeting of ihe Hot Jazz Club
tonight at 8 in die Nitery. They
will present a program of New Or
leans jazz recordings from their
extensive collections.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend. Starting next week, the ciub
will meet on Monday nights.
Banjo-playing Willie Thorpe and
collector Ed Podesta will headline
the meeting of ihe Hot Jazz Club
tonight at 8 in die Nitery. They
will present a program of New Or
leans jazz recordings from their
extensive collections.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend. Starting next week, the ciub
will meet on Monday nights.
Banjo-playing Willie Thorpe and
collector Ed Podesta will headline
the meeting of ihe Hot Jazz Club
tonight at 8 in die Nitery. They
will present a program of New Or
leans jazz recordings from their
extensive collections.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend. Starting next week, the ciub
will meet on Monday nights.
Banjo-playing Willie Thorpe and
collector Ed Podesta will headline
the meeting of ihe Hot Jazz Club
tonight at 8 in die Nitery. They
will present a program of New Or
leans jazz recordings from their
extensive collections.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend. Starting next week, the ciub
will meet on Monday nights.
Banjo-playing Willie Thorpe and
collector Ed Podesta will headline
the meeting of ihe Hot Jazz Club
tonight at 8 in die Nitery. They
will present a program of New Or
leans jazz recordings from their
extensive collections.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend. Starting next week, the ciub
will meet on Monday nights.
Banjo-playing Willie Thorpe and
collector Ed Podesta will headline
the meeting of ihe Hot Jazz Club
tonight at 8 in die Nitery. They
will present a program of New Or
leans jazz recordings from their
extensive collections.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend. Starting next week, the ciub
will meet on Monday nights.
Banjo-playing Willie Thorpe and
collector Ed Podesta will headline
the meeting of ihe Hot Jazz Club
tonight at 8 in die Nitery. They
will present a program of New Or
leans jazz recordings from their
extensive collections.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend. Starting next week, the ciub
will meet on Monday nights.
Banjo-playing Willie Thorpe and
collector Ed Podesta will headline
the meeting of ihe Hot Jazz Club
tonight at 8 in die Nitery. They
will present a program of New Or
leans jazz recordings from their
extensive collections.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend. Starting next week, the ciub
will meet on Monday nights.
Banjo-playing Willie Thorpe and
collector Ed Podesta will headline
the meeting of ihe Hot Jazz Club
tonight at 8 in die Nitery. They
will present a program of New Or
leans jazz recordings from their
extensive collections.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend. Starting next week, the ciub
will meet on Monday nights.
Banjo-playing Willie Thorpe and
collector Ed Podesta will headline
the meeting of ihe Hot Jazz Club
tonight at 8 in die Nitery. They
will present a program of New Or
leans jazz recordings from their
extensive collections.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend. Starting next week, the ciub
will meet on Monday nights.
Banjo-playing Willie Thorpe and
collector Ed Podesta will headline
the meeting of ihe Hot Jazz Club
tonight at 8 in die Nitery. They
will present a program of New Or
leans jazz recordings from their
extensive collections.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend. Starting next week, the ciub
will meet on Monday nights.
Banjo-playing Willie Thorpe and
collector Ed Podesta will headline
the meeting of ihe Hot Jazz Club
tonight at 8 in die Nitery. They
will present a program of New Or
leans jazz recordings from their
extensive collections.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend. Starting next week, the ciub
will meet on Monday nights.
Banjo-playing Willie Thorpe and
collector Ed Podesta will headline
the meeting of ihe Hot Jazz Club
tonight at 8 in die Nitery. They
will present a program of New Or
leans jazz recordings from their
extensive collections.
Anyone interested is invited to
attend. Starting next week, the ciub
will meet on Monday nights.
