# Demerit Results Today
## 
### 
Results of balloting on the De
merit Plan will be announced at
AYVS Cabinet meeting this after
noon. The Demerit Plau was vot
ed on last night at house meet
ings.
Results of balloting on the De
merit Plan will be announced at
AYVS Cabinet meeting this after
noon. The Demerit Plau was vot
ed on last night at house meet
ings.
Results of balloting on the De
merit Plan will be announced at
AYVS Cabinet meeting this after
noon. The Demerit Plau was vot
ed on last night at house meet
ings.
Results of balloting on the De
merit Plan will be announced at
AYVS Cabinet meeting this after
noon. The Demerit Plau was vot
ed on last night at house meet
ings.
Results of balloting on the De
merit Plan will be announced at
AYVS Cabinet meeting this after
noon. The Demerit Plau was vot
ed on last night at house meet
ings.
Results of balloting on the De
merit Plan will be announced at
AYVS Cabinet meeting this after
noon. The Demerit Plau was vot
ed on last night at house meet
ings.
Results of balloting on the De
merit Plan will be announced at
AYVS Cabinet meeting this after
noon. The Demerit Plau was vot
ed on last night at house meet
ings.
Results of balloting on the De
merit Plan will be announced at
AYVS Cabinet meeting this after
noon. The Demerit Plau was vot
ed on last night at house meet
ings.
Results of balloting on the De
merit Plan will be announced at
AYVS Cabinet meeting this after
noon. The Demerit Plau was vot
ed on last night at house meet
ings.
Results of balloting on the De
merit Plan will be announced at
AYVS Cabinet meeting this after
noon. The Demerit Plau was vot
ed on last night at house meet
ings.
Results of balloting on the De
merit Plan will be announced at
AYVS Cabinet meeting this after
noon. The Demerit Plau was vot
ed on last night at house meet
ings.
Results of balloting on the De
merit Plan will be announced at
AYVS Cabinet meeting this after
noon. The Demerit Plau was vot
ed on last night at house meet
ings.
Results of balloting on the De
merit Plan will be announced at
AYVS Cabinet meeting this after
noon. The Demerit Plau was vot
ed on last night at house meet
ings.
Results of balloting on the De
merit Plan will be announced at
AYVS Cabinet meeting this after
noon. The Demerit Plau was vot
ed on last night at house meet
ings.
Results of balloting on the De
merit Plan will be announced at
AYVS Cabinet meeting this after
noon. The Demerit Plau was vot
ed on last night at house meet
ings.
