# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Daily Banquet money must be
paid this week to Jim Thurber.
Daily Banquet money must be
paid this week to Jim Thurber.
Daily Banquet money must be
paid this week to Jim Thurber.
Daily Banquet money must be
paid this week to Jim Thurber.
Daily Banquet money must be
paid this week to Jim Thurber.
Daily Banquet money must be
paid this week to Jim Thurber.
Daily Banquet money must be
paid this week to Jim Thurber.
Daily Banquet money must be
paid this week to Jim Thurber.
Daily Banquet money must be
paid this week to Jim Thurber.
Daily Banquet money must be
paid this week to Jim Thurber.
Daily Banquet money must be
paid this week to Jim Thurber.
Daily Banquet money must be
paid this week to Jim Thurber.
Daily Banquet money must be
paid this week to Jim Thurber.
Daily Banquet money must be
paid this week to Jim Thurber.
Daily Banquet money must be
paid this week to Jim Thurber.
