# Dr. Jordan on Woman Suffrage.
## 
### 
A special invitation is extended to
the members of the Stanford chapter
of the College Equal Suffrage League
to attend the meeting of the Woman's
Club, of Palo Alto, which Dr. Jordan
will address on the subject of equal
suffrage. The President will speak at
Ramona Hall. Wednesday at 3 o'clock.
The meeting is open to the public
without charge.
A special invitation is extended to
the members of the Stanford chapter
of the College Equal Suffrage League
to attend the meeting of the Woman's
Club, of Palo Alto, which Dr. Jordan
will address on the subject of equal
suffrage. The President will speak at
Ramona Hall. Wednesday at 3 o'clock.
The meeting is open to the public
without charge.
A special invitation is extended to
the members of the Stanford chapter
of the College Equal Suffrage League
to attend the meeting of the Woman's
Club, of Palo Alto, which Dr. Jordan
will address on the subject of equal
suffrage. The President will speak at
Ramona Hall. Wednesday at 3 o'clock.
The meeting is open to the public
without charge.
A special invitation is extended to
the members of the Stanford chapter
of the College Equal Suffrage League
to attend the meeting of the Woman's
Club, of Palo Alto, which Dr. Jordan
will address on the subject of equal
suffrage. The President will speak at
Ramona Hall. Wednesday at 3 o'clock.
The meeting is open to the public
without charge.
A special invitation is extended to
the members of the Stanford chapter
of the College Equal Suffrage League
to attend the meeting of the Woman's
Club, of Palo Alto, which Dr. Jordan
will address on the subject of equal
suffrage. The President will speak at
Ramona Hall. Wednesday at 3 o'clock.
The meeting is open to the public
without charge.
A special invitation is extended to
the members of the Stanford chapter
of the College Equal Suffrage League
to attend the meeting of the Woman's
Club, of Palo Alto, which Dr. Jordan
will address on the subject of equal
suffrage. The President will speak at
Ramona Hall. Wednesday at 3 o'clock.
The meeting is open to the public
without charge.
A special invitation is extended to
the members of the Stanford chapter
of the College Equal Suffrage League
to attend the meeting of the Woman's
Club, of Palo Alto, which Dr. Jordan
will address on the subject of equal
suffrage. The President will speak at
Ramona Hall. Wednesday at 3 o'clock.
The meeting is open to the public
without charge.
A special invitation is extended to
the members of the Stanford chapter
of the College Equal Suffrage League
to attend the meeting of the Woman's
Club, of Palo Alto, which Dr. Jordan
will address on the subject of equal
suffrage. The President will speak at
Ramona Hall. Wednesday at 3 o'clock.
The meeting is open to the public
without charge.
A special invitation is extended to
the members of the Stanford chapter
of the College Equal Suffrage League
to attend the meeting of the Woman's
Club, of Palo Alto, which Dr. Jordan
will address on the subject of equal
suffrage. The President will speak at
Ramona Hall. Wednesday at 3 o'clock.
The meeting is open to the public
without charge.
A special invitation is extended to
the members of the Stanford chapter
of the College Equal Suffrage League
to attend the meeting of the Woman's
Club, of Palo Alto, which Dr. Jordan
will address on the subject of equal
suffrage. The President will speak at
Ramona Hall. Wednesday at 3 o'clock.
The meeting is open to the public
without charge.
A special invitation is extended to
the members of the Stanford chapter
of the College Equal Suffrage League
to attend the meeting of the Woman's
Club, of Palo Alto, which Dr. Jordan
will address on the subject of equal
suffrage. The President will speak at
Ramona Hall. Wednesday at 3 o'clock.
The meeting is open to the public
without charge.
