# Adv. 13 Page 5
## 
### 
This ad is real.
The ad to your right is a
decoy.
It was set up by the tederal
government as an elaborate
attempt to stop you from
going to Dollie Splash.
Don't listen.
Come to Dollie Splash.
Today. Noon. White Plaza.
Drand new Dollies,
Same old Splash.
This ad is real.
The ad to your right is a
decoy.
It was set up by the tederal
government as an elaborate
attempt to stop you from
going to Dollie Splash.
Don't listen.
Come to Dollie Splash.
Today. Noon. White Plaza.
Drand new Dollies,
Same old Splash.
This ad is real.
The ad to your right is a
decoy.
It was set up by the tederal
government as an elaborate
attempt to stop you from
going to Dollie Splash.
Don't listen.
Come to Dollie Splash.
Today. Noon. White Plaza.
Drand new Dollies,
Same old Splash.
This ad is real.
The ad to your right is a
decoy.
It was set up by the tederal
government as an elaborate
attempt to stop you from
going to Dollie Splash.
Don't listen.
Come to Dollie Splash.
Today. Noon. White Plaza.
Drand new Dollies,
Same old Splash.
This ad is real.
The ad to your right is a
decoy.
It was set up by the tederal
government as an elaborate
attempt to stop you from
going to Dollie Splash.
Don't listen.
Come to Dollie Splash.
Today. Noon. White Plaza.
Drand new Dollies,
Same old Splash.
