# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—Yesterday the Senior girls
decided to commence wearing caps
and gowns immediately.
—Yesterday the Senior girls
decided to commence wearing caps
and gowns immediately.
—Yesterday the Senior girls
decided to commence wearing caps
and gowns immediately.
—Yesterday the Senior girls
decided to commence wearing caps
and gowns immediately.
—Yesterday the Senior girls
decided to commence wearing caps
and gowns immediately.
—Yesterday the Senior girls
decided to commence wearing caps
and gowns immediately.
—Yesterday the Senior girls
decided to commence wearing caps
and gowns immediately.
—Yesterday the Senior girls
decided to commence wearing caps
and gowns immediately.
