# Untitled Article
## 
### 
— A Roman cross, separating the
words "Commenced 1899" and
"Completed 1902," has been carved
on the cornerstone of the Memorial
Church.
— A Roman cross, separating the
words "Commenced 1899" and
"Completed 1902," has been carved
on the cornerstone of the Memorial
Church.
— A Roman cross, separating the
words "Commenced 1899" and
"Completed 1902," has been carved
on the cornerstone of the Memorial
Church.
— A Roman cross, separating the
words "Commenced 1899" and
"Completed 1902," has been carved
on the cornerstone of the Memorial
Church.
— A Roman cross, separating the
words "Commenced 1899" and
"Completed 1902," has been carved
on the cornerstone of the Memorial
Church.
— A Roman cross, separating the
words "Commenced 1899" and
"Completed 1902," has been carved
on the cornerstone of the Memorial
Church.
— A Roman cross, separating the
words "Commenced 1899" and
"Completed 1902," has been carved
on the cornerstone of the Memorial
Church.
— A Roman cross, separating the
words "Commenced 1899" and
"Completed 1902," has been carved
on the cornerstone of the Memorial
Church.
