# LIVING QUARTERS TO BE INSPECTED FOR FIRE HAZARDS
## 
### 
In connection with National Fire
Prevention Week from October 5 to
11 inclusive, inspection of living
quarters on the campus will bo made
to uncover and remedy fire hazards,
according to an announcement made
by Fire Marshal R. E. Dugan yes
terday.
"It is particularly requested that
all rubbish and discarded clothing
be cleaned up during this period to
redyce possibility of fires from
spontaneous combustion," Dugan
explained.
"During the last month fire ex
tinguishers and lire equipment have
been given a periodical inspection
and are in good condition," he con
tinued. "Anyone having any equip
ment which they think is in need
of repair or inspection may have the
matter cared for by calling the de
partment this week."
Each week the fire department is
given a practice run to familiarize
the men with the location of the
alarm boxes. A force of ten men is
maintained at the R.O.T.C. depart
ment, while ten more are stationed
at the fire house. Five men are al
ways on duty during the night.
A total of 390 carloads of wheat
containing 1,000 bushels each was
shipped from the United States info
Mexico through the port of Laredo,
Texas, during July.
In connection with National Fire
Prevention Week from October 5 to
11 inclusive, inspection of living
quarters on the campus will bo made
to uncover and remedy fire hazards,
according to an announcement made
by Fire Marshal R. E. Dugan yes
terday.
"It is particularly requested that
all rubbish and discarded clothing
be cleaned up during this period to
redyce possibility of fires from
spontaneous combustion," Dugan
explained.
"During the last month fire ex
tinguishers and lire equipment have
been given a periodical inspection
and are in good condition," he con
tinued. "Anyone having any equip
ment which they think is in need
of repair or inspection may have the
matter cared for by calling the de
partment this week."
Each week the fire department is
given a practice run to familiarize
the men with the location of the
alarm boxes. A force of ten men is
maintained at the R.O.T.C. depart
ment, while ten more are stationed
at the fire house. Five men are al
ways on duty during the night.
A total of 390 carloads of wheat
containing 1,000 bushels each was
shipped from the United States info
Mexico through the port of Laredo,
Texas, during July.
In connection with National Fire
Prevention Week from October 5 to
11 inclusive, inspection of living
quarters on the campus will bo made
to uncover and remedy fire hazards,
according to an announcement made
by Fire Marshal R. E. Dugan yes
terday.
"It is particularly requested that
all rubbish and discarded clothing
be cleaned up during this period to
redyce possibility of fires from
spontaneous combustion," Dugan
explained.
"During the last month fire ex
tinguishers and lire equipment have
been given a periodical inspection
and are in good condition," he con
tinued. "Anyone having any equip
ment which they think is in need
of repair or inspection may have the
matter cared for by calling the de
partment this week."
Each week the fire department is
given a practice run to familiarize
the men with the location of the
alarm boxes. A force of ten men is
maintained at the R.O.T.C. depart
ment, while ten more are stationed
at the fire house. Five men are al
ways on duty during the night.
A total of 390 carloads of wheat
containing 1,000 bushels each was
shipped from the United States info
Mexico through the port of Laredo,
Texas, during July.
In connection with National Fire
Prevention Week from October 5 to
11 inclusive, inspection of living
quarters on the campus will bo made
to uncover and remedy fire hazards,
according to an announcement made
by Fire Marshal R. E. Dugan yes
terday.
"It is particularly requested that
all rubbish and discarded clothing
be cleaned up during this period to
redyce possibility of fires from
spontaneous combustion," Dugan
explained.
"During the last month fire ex
tinguishers and lire equipment have
been given a periodical inspection
and are in good condition," he con
tinued. "Anyone having any equip
ment which they think is in need
of repair or inspection may have the
matter cared for by calling the de
partment this week."
Each week the fire department is
given a practice run to familiarize
the men with the location of the
alarm boxes. A force of ten men is
maintained at the R.O.T.C. depart
ment, while ten more are stationed
at the fire house. Five men are al
ways on duty during the night.
A total of 390 carloads of wheat
containing 1,000 bushels each was
shipped from the United States info
Mexico through the port of Laredo,
Texas, during July.
In connection with National Fire
Prevention Week from October 5 to
11 inclusive, inspection of living
quarters on the campus will bo made
to uncover and remedy fire hazards,
according to an announcement made
by Fire Marshal R. E. Dugan yes
terday.
"It is particularly requested that
all rubbish and discarded clothing
be cleaned up during this period to
redyce possibility of fires from
spontaneous combustion," Dugan
explained.
"During the last month fire ex
tinguishers and lire equipment have
been given a periodical inspection
and are in good condition," he con
tinued. "Anyone having any equip
ment which they think is in need
of repair or inspection may have the
matter cared for by calling the de
partment this week."
Each week the fire department is
given a practice run to familiarize
the men with the location of the
alarm boxes. A force of ten men is
maintained at the R.O.T.C. depart
ment, while ten more are stationed
at the fire house. Five men are al
ways on duty during the night.
A total of 390 carloads of wheat
containing 1,000 bushels each was
shipped from the United States info
Mexico through the port of Laredo,
Texas, during July.
In connection with National Fire
Prevention Week from October 5 to
11 inclusive, inspection of living
quarters on the campus will bo made
to uncover and remedy fire hazards,
according to an announcement made
by Fire Marshal R. E. Dugan yes
terday.
"It is particularly requested that
all rubbish and discarded clothing
be cleaned up during this period to
redyce possibility of fires from
spontaneous combustion," Dugan
explained.
"During the last month fire ex
tinguishers and lire equipment have
been given a periodical inspection
and are in good condition," he con
tinued. "Anyone having any equip
ment which they think is in need
of repair or inspection may have the
matter cared for by calling the de
partment this week."
Each week the fire department is
given a practice run to familiarize
the men with the location of the
alarm boxes. A force of ten men is
maintained at the R.O.T.C. depart
ment, while ten more are stationed
at the fire house. Five men are al
ways on duty during the night.
A total of 390 carloads of wheat
containing 1,000 bushels each was
shipped from the United States info
Mexico through the port of Laredo,
Texas, during July.
In connection with National Fire
Prevention Week from October 5 to
11 inclusive, inspection of living
quarters on the campus will bo made
to uncover and remedy fire hazards,
according to an announcement made
by Fire Marshal R. E. Dugan yes
terday.
"It is particularly requested that
all rubbish and discarded clothing
be cleaned up during this period to
redyce possibility of fires from
spontaneous combustion," Dugan
explained.
"During the last month fire ex
tinguishers and lire equipment have
been given a periodical inspection
and are in good condition," he con
tinued. "Anyone having any equip
ment which they think is in need
of repair or inspection may have the
matter cared for by calling the de
partment this week."
Each week the fire department is
given a practice run to familiarize
the men with the location of the
alarm boxes. A force of ten men is
maintained at the R.O.T.C. depart
ment, while ten more are stationed
at the fire house. Five men are al
ways on duty during the night.
A total of 390 carloads of wheat
containing 1,000 bushels each was
shipped from the United States info
Mexico through the port of Laredo,
Texas, during July.
In connection with National Fire
Prevention Week from October 5 to
11 inclusive, inspection of living
quarters on the campus will bo made
to uncover and remedy fire hazards,
according to an announcement made
by Fire Marshal R. E. Dugan yes
terday.
"It is particularly requested that
all rubbish and discarded clothing
be cleaned up during this period to
redyce possibility of fires from
spontaneous combustion," Dugan
explained.
"During the last month fire ex
tinguishers and lire equipment have
been given a periodical inspection
and are in good condition," he con
tinued. "Anyone having any equip
ment which they think is in need
of repair or inspection may have the
matter cared for by calling the de
partment this week."
Each week the fire department is
given a practice run to familiarize
the men with the location of the
alarm boxes. A force of ten men is
maintained at the R.O.T.C. depart
ment, while ten more are stationed
at the fire house. Five men are al
ways on duty during the night.
A total of 390 carloads of wheat
containing 1,000 bushels each was
shipped from the United States info
Mexico through the port of Laredo,
Texas, during July.
In connection with National Fire
Prevention Week from October 5 to
11 inclusive, inspection of living
quarters on the campus will bo made
to uncover and remedy fire hazards,
according to an announcement made
by Fire Marshal R. E. Dugan yes
terday.
"It is particularly requested that
all rubbish and discarded clothing
be cleaned up during this period to
redyce possibility of fires from
spontaneous combustion," Dugan
explained.
"During the last month fire ex
tinguishers and lire equipment have
been given a periodical inspection
and are in good condition," he con
tinued. "Anyone having any equip
ment which they think is in need
of repair or inspection may have the
matter cared for by calling the de
partment this week."
Each week the fire department is
given a practice run to familiarize
the men with the location of the
alarm boxes. A force of ten men is
maintained at the R.O.T.C. depart
ment, while ten more are stationed
at the fire house. Five men are al
ways on duty during the night.
A total of 390 carloads of wheat
containing 1,000 bushels each was
shipped from the United States info
Mexico through the port of Laredo,
Texas, during July.
In connection with National Fire
Prevention Week from October 5 to
11 inclusive, inspection of living
quarters on the campus will bo made
to uncover and remedy fire hazards,
according to an announcement made
by Fire Marshal R. E. Dugan yes
terday.
"It is particularly requested that
all rubbish and discarded clothing
be cleaned up during this period to
redyce possibility of fires from
spontaneous combustion," Dugan
explained.
"During the last month fire ex
tinguishers and lire equipment have
been given a periodical inspection
and are in good condition," he con
tinued. "Anyone having any equip
ment which they think is in need
of repair or inspection may have the
matter cared for by calling the de
partment this week."
Each week the fire department is
given a practice run to familiarize
the men with the location of the
alarm boxes. A force of ten men is
maintained at the R.O.T.C. depart
ment, while ten more are stationed
at the fire house. Five men are al
ways on duty during the night.
A total of 390 carloads of wheat
containing 1,000 bushels each was
shipped from the United States info
Mexico through the port of Laredo,
Texas, during July.
In connection with National Fire
Prevention Week from October 5 to
11 inclusive, inspection of living
quarters on the campus will bo made
to uncover and remedy fire hazards,
according to an announcement made
by Fire Marshal R. E. Dugan yes
terday.
"It is particularly requested that
all rubbish and discarded clothing
be cleaned up during this period to
redyce possibility of fires from
spontaneous combustion," Dugan
explained.
"During the last month fire ex
tinguishers and lire equipment have
been given a periodical inspection
and are in good condition," he con
tinued. "Anyone having any equip
ment which they think is in need
of repair or inspection may have the
matter cared for by calling the de
partment this week."
Each week the fire department is
given a practice run to familiarize
the men with the location of the
alarm boxes. A force of ten men is
maintained at the R.O.T.C. depart
ment, while ten more are stationed
at the fire house. Five men are al
ways on duty during the night.
A total of 390 carloads of wheat
containing 1,000 bushels each was
shipped from the United States info
Mexico through the port of Laredo,
Texas, during July.
In connection with National Fire
Prevention Week from October 5 to
11 inclusive, inspection of living
quarters on the campus will bo made
to uncover and remedy fire hazards,
according to an announcement made
by Fire Marshal R. E. Dugan yes
terday.
"It is particularly requested that
all rubbish and discarded clothing
be cleaned up during this period to
redyce possibility of fires from
spontaneous combustion," Dugan
explained.
"During the last month fire ex
tinguishers and lire equipment have
been given a periodical inspection
and are in good condition," he con
tinued. "Anyone having any equip
ment which they think is in need
of repair or inspection may have the
matter cared for by calling the de
partment this week."
Each week the fire department is
given a practice run to familiarize
the men with the location of the
alarm boxes. A force of ten men is
maintained at the R.O.T.C. depart
ment, while ten more are stationed
at the fire house. Five men are al
ways on duty during the night.
A total of 390 carloads of wheat
containing 1,000 bushels each was
shipped from the United States info
Mexico through the port of Laredo,
Texas, during July.
In connection with National Fire
Prevention Week from October 5 to
11 inclusive, inspection of living
quarters on the campus will bo made
to uncover and remedy fire hazards,
according to an announcement made
by Fire Marshal R. E. Dugan yes
terday.
"It is particularly requested that
all rubbish and discarded clothing
be cleaned up during this period to
redyce possibility of fires from
spontaneous combustion," Dugan
explained.
"During the last month fire ex
tinguishers and lire equipment have
been given a periodical inspection
and are in good condition," he con
tinued. "Anyone having any equip
ment which they think is in need
of repair or inspection may have the
matter cared for by calling the de
partment this week."
Each week the fire department is
given a practice run to familiarize
the men with the location of the
alarm boxes. A force of ten men is
maintained at the R.O.T.C. depart
ment, while ten more are stationed
at the fire house. Five men are al
ways on duty during the night.
A total of 390 carloads of wheat
containing 1,000 bushels each was
shipped from the United States info
Mexico through the port of Laredo,
Texas, during July.
In connection with National Fire
Prevention Week from October 5 to
11 inclusive, inspection of living
quarters on the campus will bo made
to uncover and remedy fire hazards,
according to an announcement made
by Fire Marshal R. E. Dugan yes
terday.
"It is particularly requested that
all rubbish and discarded clothing
be cleaned up during this period to
redyce possibility of fires from
spontaneous combustion," Dugan
explained.
"During the last month fire ex
tinguishers and lire equipment have
been given a periodical inspection
and are in good condition," he con
tinued. "Anyone having any equip
ment which they think is in need
of repair or inspection may have the
matter cared for by calling the de
partment this week."
Each week the fire department is
given a practice run to familiarize
the men with the location of the
alarm boxes. A force of ten men is
maintained at the R.O.T.C. depart
ment, while ten more are stationed
at the fire house. Five men are al
ways on duty during the night.
A total of 390 carloads of wheat
containing 1,000 bushels each was
shipped from the United States info
Mexico through the port of Laredo,
Texas, during July.
In connection with National Fire
Prevention Week from October 5 to
11 inclusive, inspection of living
quarters on the campus will bo made
to uncover and remedy fire hazards,
according to an announcement made
by Fire Marshal R. E. Dugan yes
terday.
"It is particularly requested that
all rubbish and discarded clothing
be cleaned up during this period to
redyce possibility of fires from
spontaneous combustion," Dugan
explained.
"During the last month fire ex
tinguishers and lire equipment have
been given a periodical inspection
and are in good condition," he con
tinued. "Anyone having any equip
ment which they think is in need
of repair or inspection may have the
matter cared for by calling the de
partment this week."
Each week the fire department is
given a practice run to familiarize
the men with the location of the
alarm boxes. A force of ten men is
maintained at the R.O.T.C. depart
ment, while ten more are stationed
at the fire house. Five men are al
ways on duty during the night.
A total of 390 carloads of wheat
containing 1,000 bushels each was
shipped from the United States info
Mexico through the port of Laredo,
Texas, during July.
In connection with National Fire
Prevention Week from October 5 to
11 inclusive, inspection of living
quarters on the campus will bo made
to uncover and remedy fire hazards,
according to an announcement made
by Fire Marshal R. E. Dugan yes
terday.
"It is particularly requested that
all rubbish and discarded clothing
be cleaned up during this period to
redyce possibility of fires from
spontaneous combustion," Dugan
explained.
"During the last month fire ex
tinguishers and lire equipment have
been given a periodical inspection
and are in good condition," he con
tinued. "Anyone having any equip
ment which they think is in need
of repair or inspection may have the
matter cared for by calling the de
partment this week."
Each week the fire department is
given a practice run to familiarize
the men with the location of the
alarm boxes. A force of ten men is
maintained at the R.O.T.C. depart
ment, while ten more are stationed
at the fire house. Five men are al
ways on duty during the night.
A total of 390 carloads of wheat
containing 1,000 bushels each was
shipped from the United States info
Mexico through the port of Laredo,
Texas, during July.
In connection with National Fire
Prevention Week from October 5 to
11 inclusive, inspection of living
quarters on the campus will bo made
to uncover and remedy fire hazards,
according to an announcement made
by Fire Marshal R. E. Dugan yes
terday.
"It is particularly requested that
all rubbish and discarded clothing
be cleaned up during this period to
redyce possibility of fires from
spontaneous combustion," Dugan
explained.
"During the last month fire ex
tinguishers and lire equipment have
been given a periodical inspection
and are in good condition," he con
tinued. "Anyone having any equip
ment which they think is in need
of repair or inspection may have the
matter cared for by calling the de
partment this week."
Each week the fire department is
given a practice run to familiarize
the men with the location of the
alarm boxes. A force of ten men is
maintained at the R.O.T.C. depart
ment, while ten more are stationed
at the fire house. Five men are al
ways on duty during the night.
A total of 390 carloads of wheat
containing 1,000 bushels each was
shipped from the United States info
Mexico through the port of Laredo,
Texas, during July.
