# FAMOUS WHALER TO VISIT ANTARCTIC
## 
### 
OSLO, Oct. 5. (/P) —The whalei
Norvegia, which carried several ex
peditions to the Atnarctic, is start
ing a new expedition from Cap'.
Town.
The Norvegia will sail around the
whole Antarctic continent, the pur
pose being scientific observations
The movements of whales will bt
especially studied. This Jinn* in
airplanes will lie carried.
OSLO, Oct. 5. (/P) —The whalei
Norvegia, which carried several ex
peditions to the Atnarctic, is start
ing a new expedition from Cap'.
Town.
The Norvegia will sail around the
whole Antarctic continent, the pur
pose being scientific observations
The movements of whales will bt
especially studied. This Jinn* in
airplanes will lie carried.
OSLO, Oct. 5. (/P) —The whalei
Norvegia, which carried several ex
peditions to the Atnarctic, is start
ing a new expedition from Cap'.
Town.
The Norvegia will sail around the
whole Antarctic continent, the pur
pose being scientific observations
The movements of whales will bt
especially studied. This Jinn* in
airplanes will lie carried.
OSLO, Oct. 5. (/P) —The whalei
Norvegia, which carried several ex
peditions to the Atnarctic, is start
ing a new expedition from Cap'.
Town.
The Norvegia will sail around the
whole Antarctic continent, the pur
pose being scientific observations
The movements of whales will bt
especially studied. This Jinn* in
airplanes will lie carried.
OSLO, Oct. 5. (/P) —The whalei
Norvegia, which carried several ex
peditions to the Atnarctic, is start
ing a new expedition from Cap'.
Town.
The Norvegia will sail around the
whole Antarctic continent, the pur
pose being scientific observations
The movements of whales will bt
especially studied. This Jinn* in
airplanes will lie carried.
OSLO, Oct. 5. (/P) —The whalei
Norvegia, which carried several ex
peditions to the Atnarctic, is start
ing a new expedition from Cap'.
Town.
The Norvegia will sail around the
whole Antarctic continent, the pur
pose being scientific observations
The movements of whales will bt
especially studied. This Jinn* in
airplanes will lie carried.
OSLO, Oct. 5. (/P) —The whalei
Norvegia, which carried several ex
peditions to the Atnarctic, is start
ing a new expedition from Cap'.
Town.
The Norvegia will sail around the
whole Antarctic continent, the pur
pose being scientific observations
The movements of whales will bt
especially studied. This Jinn* in
airplanes will lie carried.
OSLO, Oct. 5. (/P) —The whalei
Norvegia, which carried several ex
peditions to the Atnarctic, is start
ing a new expedition from Cap'.
Town.
The Norvegia will sail around the
whole Antarctic continent, the pur
pose being scientific observations
The movements of whales will bt
especially studied. This Jinn* in
airplanes will lie carried.
OSLO, Oct. 5. (/P) —The whalei
Norvegia, which carried several ex
peditions to the Atnarctic, is start
ing a new expedition from Cap'.
Town.
The Norvegia will sail around the
whole Antarctic continent, the pur
pose being scientific observations
The movements of whales will bt
especially studied. This Jinn* in
airplanes will lie carried.
OSLO, Oct. 5. (/P) —The whalei
Norvegia, which carried several ex
peditions to the Atnarctic, is start
ing a new expedition from Cap'.
Town.
The Norvegia will sail around the
whole Antarctic continent, the pur
pose being scientific observations
The movements of whales will bt
especially studied. This Jinn* in
airplanes will lie carried.
OSLO, Oct. 5. (/P) —The whalei
Norvegia, which carried several ex
peditions to the Atnarctic, is start
ing a new expedition from Cap'.
Town.
The Norvegia will sail around the
whole Antarctic continent, the pur
pose being scientific observations
The movements of whales will bt
especially studied. This Jinn* in
airplanes will lie carried.
OSLO, Oct. 5. (/P) —The whalei
Norvegia, which carried several ex
peditions to the Atnarctic, is start
ing a new expedition from Cap'.
Town.
The Norvegia will sail around the
whole Antarctic continent, the pur
pose being scientific observations
The movements of whales will bt
especially studied. This Jinn* in
airplanes will lie carried.
OSLO, Oct. 5. (/P) —The whalei
Norvegia, which carried several ex
peditions to the Atnarctic, is start
ing a new expedition from Cap'.
Town.
The Norvegia will sail around the
whole Antarctic continent, the pur
pose being scientific observations
The movements of whales will bt
especially studied. This Jinn* in
airplanes will lie carried.
OSLO, Oct. 5. (/P) —The whalei
Norvegia, which carried several ex
peditions to the Atnarctic, is start
ing a new expedition from Cap'.
Town.
The Norvegia will sail around the
whole Antarctic continent, the pur
pose being scientific observations
The movements of whales will bt
especially studied. This Jinn* in
airplanes will lie carried.
OSLO, Oct. 5. (/P) —The whalei
Norvegia, which carried several ex
peditions to the Atnarctic, is start
ing a new expedition from Cap'.
Town.
The Norvegia will sail around the
whole Antarctic continent, the pur
pose being scientific observations
The movements of whales will bt
especially studied. This Jinn* in
airplanes will lie carried.
OSLO, Oct. 5. (/P) —The whalei
Norvegia, which carried several ex
peditions to the Atnarctic, is start
ing a new expedition from Cap'.
Town.
The Norvegia will sail around the
whole Antarctic continent, the pur
pose being scientific observations
The movements of whales will bt
especially studied. This Jinn* in
airplanes will lie carried.
OSLO, Oct. 5. (/P) —The whalei
Norvegia, which carried several ex
peditions to the Atnarctic, is start
ing a new expedition from Cap'.
Town.
The Norvegia will sail around the
whole Antarctic continent, the pur
pose being scientific observations
The movements of whales will bt
especially studied. This Jinn* in
airplanes will lie carried.
