# BEETLES EAT METAL
## 
### 
BERLIN, Oct. 5. —A new kind of
metal eating bettle was found by
the metal research department of
the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute in Ber
lin.
BERLIN, Oct. 5. —A new kind of
metal eating bettle was found by
the metal research department of
the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute in Ber
lin.
BERLIN, Oct. 5. —A new kind of
metal eating bettle was found by
the metal research department of
the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute in Ber
lin.
BERLIN, Oct. 5. —A new kind of
metal eating bettle was found by
the metal research department of
the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute in Ber
lin.
BERLIN, Oct. 5. —A new kind of
metal eating bettle was found by
the metal research department of
the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute in Ber
lin.
BERLIN, Oct. 5. —A new kind of
metal eating bettle was found by
the metal research department of
the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute in Ber
lin.
BERLIN, Oct. 5. —A new kind of
metal eating bettle was found by
the metal research department of
the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute in Ber
lin.
BERLIN, Oct. 5. —A new kind of
metal eating bettle was found by
the metal research department of
the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute in Ber
lin.
BERLIN, Oct. 5. —A new kind of
metal eating bettle was found by
the metal research department of
the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute in Ber
lin.
BERLIN, Oct. 5. —A new kind of
metal eating bettle was found by
the metal research department of
the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute in Ber
lin.
BERLIN, Oct. 5. —A new kind of
metal eating bettle was found by
the metal research department of
the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute in Ber
lin.
BERLIN, Oct. 5. —A new kind of
metal eating bettle was found by
the metal research department of
the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute in Ber
lin.
BERLIN, Oct. 5. —A new kind of
metal eating bettle was found by
the metal research department of
the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute in Ber
lin.
BERLIN, Oct. 5. —A new kind of
metal eating bettle was found by
the metal research department of
the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute in Ber
lin.
BERLIN, Oct. 5. —A new kind of
metal eating bettle was found by
the metal research department of
the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute in Ber
lin.
BERLIN, Oct. 5. —A new kind of
metal eating bettle was found by
the metal research department of
the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute in Ber
lin.
BERLIN, Oct. 5. —A new kind of
metal eating bettle was found by
the metal research department of
the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute in Ber
lin.
