# DUNLAP-HALL TENNIS DOUBLES TEAM WINS CAMPUS CHAMPIONSHIP
## 
### 
By defeating Helen Bell and John
Wheatley, 6-3, 6-3, Sue Betty Dunlap
and Larry Hall won the championship
title of the mixed doubles tennis tour
nament last Tuesday. The consolation
tournament title went to Mary Edith
Jones and Jesse Wilson in a match
defaulted to them on account of ill
ness by Edith Mattson and Stanley
Cook.
In the Dunlap-Hall vs. Bell, Wheat
ley match, the outcome was never in
doubt. The superior teamwork and
consistent playing on the part of the
Dunlap, Hall team were evident
throughout the match. Wheatley's
hard stroking was the main obstruc
tion in the path of the winning team.
Because of the success of the tour
nament this year and the interest
shown, it is planned to have another
such mixed doubles tournament next
year, declare Ruth Silliman, women's
tennis manager, and James Mansfield
who have been in charge of the con
tests. The last mixed doubles tourna
ment was held in 1923.
By defeating Helen Bell and John
Wheatley, 6-3, 6-3, Sue Betty Dunlap
and Larry Hall won the championship
title of the mixed doubles tennis tour
nament last Tuesday. The consolation
tournament title went to Mary Edith
Jones and Jesse Wilson in a match
defaulted to them on account of ill
ness by Edith Mattson and Stanley
Cook.
In the Dunlap-Hall vs. Bell, Wheat
ley match, the outcome was never in
doubt. The superior teamwork and
consistent playing on the part of the
Dunlap, Hall team were evident
throughout the match. Wheatley's
hard stroking was the main obstruc
tion in the path of the winning team.
Because of the success of the tour
nament this year and the interest
shown, it is planned to have another
such mixed doubles tournament next
year, declare Ruth Silliman, women's
tennis manager, and James Mansfield
who have been in charge of the con
tests. The last mixed doubles tourna
ment was held in 1923.
By defeating Helen Bell and John
Wheatley, 6-3, 6-3, Sue Betty Dunlap
and Larry Hall won the championship
title of the mixed doubles tennis tour
nament last Tuesday. The consolation
tournament title went to Mary Edith
Jones and Jesse Wilson in a match
defaulted to them on account of ill
ness by Edith Mattson and Stanley
Cook.
In the Dunlap-Hall vs. Bell, Wheat
ley match, the outcome was never in
doubt. The superior teamwork and
consistent playing on the part of the
Dunlap, Hall team were evident
throughout the match. Wheatley's
hard stroking was the main obstruc
tion in the path of the winning team.
Because of the success of the tour
nament this year and the interest
shown, it is planned to have another
such mixed doubles tournament next
year, declare Ruth Silliman, women's
tennis manager, and James Mansfield
who have been in charge of the con
tests. The last mixed doubles tourna
ment was held in 1923.
By defeating Helen Bell and John
Wheatley, 6-3, 6-3, Sue Betty Dunlap
and Larry Hall won the championship
title of the mixed doubles tennis tour
nament last Tuesday. The consolation
tournament title went to Mary Edith
Jones and Jesse Wilson in a match
defaulted to them on account of ill
ness by Edith Mattson and Stanley
Cook.
In the Dunlap-Hall vs. Bell, Wheat
ley match, the outcome was never in
doubt. The superior teamwork and
consistent playing on the part of the
Dunlap, Hall team were evident
throughout the match. Wheatley's
hard stroking was the main obstruc
tion in the path of the winning team.
Because of the success of the tour
nament this year and the interest
shown, it is planned to have another
such mixed doubles tournament next
year, declare Ruth Silliman, women's
tennis manager, and James Mansfield
who have been in charge of the con
tests. The last mixed doubles tourna
ment was held in 1923.
By defeating Helen Bell and John
Wheatley, 6-3, 6-3, Sue Betty Dunlap
and Larry Hall won the championship
title of the mixed doubles tennis tour
nament last Tuesday. The consolation
tournament title went to Mary Edith
Jones and Jesse Wilson in a match
defaulted to them on account of ill
ness by Edith Mattson and Stanley
Cook.
In the Dunlap-Hall vs. Bell, Wheat
ley match, the outcome was never in
doubt. The superior teamwork and
consistent playing on the part of the
Dunlap, Hall team were evident
throughout the match. Wheatley's
hard stroking was the main obstruc
tion in the path of the winning team.
Because of the success of the tour
nament this year and the interest
shown, it is planned to have another
such mixed doubles tournament next
year, declare Ruth Silliman, women's
tennis manager, and James Mansfield
who have been in charge of the con
tests. The last mixed doubles tourna
ment was held in 1923.
By defeating Helen Bell and John
Wheatley, 6-3, 6-3, Sue Betty Dunlap
and Larry Hall won the championship
title of the mixed doubles tennis tour
nament last Tuesday. The consolation
tournament title went to Mary Edith
Jones and Jesse Wilson in a match
defaulted to them on account of ill
ness by Edith Mattson and Stanley
Cook.
In the Dunlap-Hall vs. Bell, Wheat
ley match, the outcome was never in
doubt. The superior teamwork and
consistent playing on the part of the
Dunlap, Hall team were evident
throughout the match. Wheatley's
hard stroking was the main obstruc
tion in the path of the winning team.
Because of the success of the tour
nament this year and the interest
shown, it is planned to have another
such mixed doubles tournament next
year, declare Ruth Silliman, women's
tennis manager, and James Mansfield
who have been in charge of the con
tests. The last mixed doubles tourna
ment was held in 1923.
By defeating Helen Bell and John
Wheatley, 6-3, 6-3, Sue Betty Dunlap
and Larry Hall won the championship
title of the mixed doubles tennis tour
nament last Tuesday. The consolation
tournament title went to Mary Edith
Jones and Jesse Wilson in a match
defaulted to them on account of ill
ness by Edith Mattson and Stanley
Cook.
In the Dunlap-Hall vs. Bell, Wheat
ley match, the outcome was never in
doubt. The superior teamwork and
consistent playing on the part of the
Dunlap, Hall team were evident
throughout the match. Wheatley's
hard stroking was the main obstruc
tion in the path of the winning team.
Because of the success of the tour
nament this year and the interest
shown, it is planned to have another
such mixed doubles tournament next
year, declare Ruth Silliman, women's
tennis manager, and James Mansfield
who have been in charge of the con
tests. The last mixed doubles tourna
ment was held in 1923.
By defeating Helen Bell and John
Wheatley, 6-3, 6-3, Sue Betty Dunlap
and Larry Hall won the championship
title of the mixed doubles tennis tour
nament last Tuesday. The consolation
tournament title went to Mary Edith
Jones and Jesse Wilson in a match
defaulted to them on account of ill
ness by Edith Mattson and Stanley
Cook.
In the Dunlap-Hall vs. Bell, Wheat
ley match, the outcome was never in
doubt. The superior teamwork and
consistent playing on the part of the
Dunlap, Hall team were evident
throughout the match. Wheatley's
hard stroking was the main obstruc
tion in the path of the winning team.
Because of the success of the tour
nament this year and the interest
shown, it is planned to have another
such mixed doubles tournament next
year, declare Ruth Silliman, women's
tennis manager, and James Mansfield
who have been in charge of the con
tests. The last mixed doubles tourna
ment was held in 1923.
By defeating Helen Bell and John
Wheatley, 6-3, 6-3, Sue Betty Dunlap
and Larry Hall won the championship
title of the mixed doubles tennis tour
nament last Tuesday. The consolation
tournament title went to Mary Edith
Jones and Jesse Wilson in a match
defaulted to them on account of ill
ness by Edith Mattson and Stanley
Cook.
In the Dunlap-Hall vs. Bell, Wheat
ley match, the outcome was never in
doubt. The superior teamwork and
consistent playing on the part of the
Dunlap, Hall team were evident
throughout the match. Wheatley's
hard stroking was the main obstruc
tion in the path of the winning team.
Because of the success of the tour
nament this year and the interest
shown, it is planned to have another
such mixed doubles tournament next
year, declare Ruth Silliman, women's
tennis manager, and James Mansfield
who have been in charge of the con
tests. The last mixed doubles tourna
ment was held in 1923.
By defeating Helen Bell and John
Wheatley, 6-3, 6-3, Sue Betty Dunlap
and Larry Hall won the championship
title of the mixed doubles tennis tour
nament last Tuesday. The consolation
tournament title went to Mary Edith
Jones and Jesse Wilson in a match
defaulted to them on account of ill
ness by Edith Mattson and Stanley
Cook.
In the Dunlap-Hall vs. Bell, Wheat
ley match, the outcome was never in
doubt. The superior teamwork and
consistent playing on the part of the
Dunlap, Hall team were evident
throughout the match. Wheatley's
hard stroking was the main obstruc
tion in the path of the winning team.
Because of the success of the tour
nament this year and the interest
shown, it is planned to have another
such mixed doubles tournament next
year, declare Ruth Silliman, women's
tennis manager, and James Mansfield
who have been in charge of the con
tests. The last mixed doubles tourna
ment was held in 1923.
By defeating Helen Bell and John
Wheatley, 6-3, 6-3, Sue Betty Dunlap
and Larry Hall won the championship
title of the mixed doubles tennis tour
nament last Tuesday. The consolation
tournament title went to Mary Edith
Jones and Jesse Wilson in a match
defaulted to them on account of ill
ness by Edith Mattson and Stanley
Cook.
In the Dunlap-Hall vs. Bell, Wheat
ley match, the outcome was never in
doubt. The superior teamwork and
consistent playing on the part of the
Dunlap, Hall team were evident
throughout the match. Wheatley's
hard stroking was the main obstruc
tion in the path of the winning team.
Because of the success of the tour
nament this year and the interest
shown, it is planned to have another
such mixed doubles tournament next
year, declare Ruth Silliman, women's
tennis manager, and James Mansfield
who have been in charge of the con
tests. The last mixed doubles tourna
ment was held in 1923.
By defeating Helen Bell and John
Wheatley, 6-3, 6-3, Sue Betty Dunlap
and Larry Hall won the championship
title of the mixed doubles tennis tour
nament last Tuesday. The consolation
tournament title went to Mary Edith
Jones and Jesse Wilson in a match
defaulted to them on account of ill
ness by Edith Mattson and Stanley
Cook.
In the Dunlap-Hall vs. Bell, Wheat
ley match, the outcome was never in
doubt. The superior teamwork and
consistent playing on the part of the
Dunlap, Hall team were evident
throughout the match. Wheatley's
hard stroking was the main obstruc
tion in the path of the winning team.
Because of the success of the tour
nament this year and the interest
shown, it is planned to have another
such mixed doubles tournament next
year, declare Ruth Silliman, women's
tennis manager, and James Mansfield
who have been in charge of the con
tests. The last mixed doubles tourna
ment was held in 1923.
By defeating Helen Bell and John
Wheatley, 6-3, 6-3, Sue Betty Dunlap
and Larry Hall won the championship
title of the mixed doubles tennis tour
nament last Tuesday. The consolation
tournament title went to Mary Edith
Jones and Jesse Wilson in a match
defaulted to them on account of ill
ness by Edith Mattson and Stanley
Cook.
In the Dunlap-Hall vs. Bell, Wheat
ley match, the outcome was never in
doubt. The superior teamwork and
consistent playing on the part of the
Dunlap, Hall team were evident
throughout the match. Wheatley's
hard stroking was the main obstruc
tion in the path of the winning team.
Because of the success of the tour
nament this year and the interest
shown, it is planned to have another
such mixed doubles tournament next
year, declare Ruth Silliman, women's
tennis manager, and James Mansfield
who have been in charge of the con
tests. The last mixed doubles tourna
ment was held in 1923.
By defeating Helen Bell and John
Wheatley, 6-3, 6-3, Sue Betty Dunlap
and Larry Hall won the championship
title of the mixed doubles tennis tour
nament last Tuesday. The consolation
tournament title went to Mary Edith
Jones and Jesse Wilson in a match
defaulted to them on account of ill
ness by Edith Mattson and Stanley
Cook.
In the Dunlap-Hall vs. Bell, Wheat
ley match, the outcome was never in
doubt. The superior teamwork and
consistent playing on the part of the
Dunlap, Hall team were evident
throughout the match. Wheatley's
hard stroking was the main obstruc
tion in the path of the winning team.
Because of the success of the tour
nament this year and the interest
shown, it is planned to have another
such mixed doubles tournament next
year, declare Ruth Silliman, women's
tennis manager, and James Mansfield
who have been in charge of the con
tests. The last mixed doubles tourna
ment was held in 1923.
By defeating Helen Bell and John
Wheatley, 6-3, 6-3, Sue Betty Dunlap
and Larry Hall won the championship
title of the mixed doubles tennis tour
nament last Tuesday. The consolation
tournament title went to Mary Edith
Jones and Jesse Wilson in a match
defaulted to them on account of ill
ness by Edith Mattson and Stanley
Cook.
In the Dunlap-Hall vs. Bell, Wheat
ley match, the outcome was never in
doubt. The superior teamwork and
consistent playing on the part of the
Dunlap, Hall team were evident
throughout the match. Wheatley's
hard stroking was the main obstruc
tion in the path of the winning team.
Because of the success of the tour
nament this year and the interest
shown, it is planned to have another
such mixed doubles tournament next
year, declare Ruth Silliman, women's
tennis manager, and James Mansfield
who have been in charge of the con
tests. The last mixed doubles tourna
ment was held in 1923.
By defeating Helen Bell and John
Wheatley, 6-3, 6-3, Sue Betty Dunlap
and Larry Hall won the championship
title of the mixed doubles tennis tour
nament last Tuesday. The consolation
tournament title went to Mary Edith
Jones and Jesse Wilson in a match
defaulted to them on account of ill
ness by Edith Mattson and Stanley
Cook.
In the Dunlap-Hall vs. Bell, Wheat
ley match, the outcome was never in
doubt. The superior teamwork and
consistent playing on the part of the
Dunlap, Hall team were evident
throughout the match. Wheatley's
hard stroking was the main obstruc
tion in the path of the winning team.
Because of the success of the tour
nament this year and the interest
shown, it is planned to have another
such mixed doubles tournament next
year, declare Ruth Silliman, women's
tennis manager, and James Mansfield
who have been in charge of the con
tests. The last mixed doubles tourna
ment was held in 1923.
