# JUNE 6 SET AS FINAL DATE FOR ACCEPTING SCHOLARSHIP EXCUSES
## 
### 
Students whose work had been in
terrupted during the present quarter
by illness or other causes and who
wish to have the special circumstance
taken into consideration by the Com
mittee on Scholarship should file a
statement of their case not later than
June 6, Mrs. Margaret Huston, secre
tary of the Committee, announced
yesterday.
Excuses should be filed at the of
fice of the Scholarship Committee on
the first floor of the Administration
Building. Requests for allowance on
the ground of illness must be supple
mented by the special physician's
certificate furnished by the Commit
tee. Cases submitted later than June
6 cannot be assured of consideration
before action is taken on the end
quarter grades, Mrs. Houston said.
