# CABBAGES and THINGS
## 
### Vern Cordry 
We received phone calls all day ,
yesterday from readers of Lotta Fer-1
vor's "Three Buckets of Blood" who i
wanted to know what happened to
Geranium's paternal relative. We
owe you all an apology for not crash
ing into print but we went home to
celebrate a birthday—and you know
that takes time.
* * *
This morning we'll start off with j
some prize vegetables we stole from \
"The Seven Seers," the humor column
of the University of Oregon "Emer
ald," and then we'll top off with an
installment of Lotta Fervor's great
mystery thriller.
♦ * *
We received phone calls all day ,
yesterday from readers of Lotta Fer-1
vor's "Three Buckets of Blood" who i
wanted to know what happened to
Geranium's paternal relative. We
owe you all an apology for not crash
ing into print but we went home to
celebrate a birthday—and you know
that takes time.
* * *
This morning we'll start off with j
some prize vegetables we stole from \
"The Seven Seers," the humor column
of the University of Oregon "Emer
ald," and then we'll top off with an
installment of Lotta Fervor's great
mystery thriller.
♦ * *
We received phone calls all day ,
yesterday from readers of Lotta Fer-1
vor's "Three Buckets of Blood" who i
wanted to know what happened to
Geranium's paternal relative. We
owe you all an apology for not crash
ing into print but we went home to
celebrate a birthday—and you know
that takes time.
* * *
This morning we'll start off with j
some prize vegetables we stole from \
"The Seven Seers," the humor column
of the University of Oregon "Emer
ald," and then we'll top off with an
installment of Lotta Fervor's great
mystery thriller.
♦ * *
We received phone calls all day ,
yesterday from readers of Lotta Fer-1
vor's "Three Buckets of Blood" who i
wanted to know what happened to
Geranium's paternal relative. We
owe you all an apology for not crash
ing into print but we went home to
celebrate a birthday—and you know
that takes time.
* * *
This morning we'll start off with j
some prize vegetables we stole from \
"The Seven Seers," the humor column
of the University of Oregon "Emer
ald," and then we'll top off with an
installment of Lotta Fervor's great
mystery thriller.
♦ * *
We received phone calls all day ,
yesterday from readers of Lotta Fer-1
vor's "Three Buckets of Blood" who i
wanted to know what happened to
Geranium's paternal relative. We
owe you all an apology for not crash
ing into print but we went home to
celebrate a birthday—and you know
that takes time.
* * *
This morning we'll start off with j
some prize vegetables we stole from \
"The Seven Seers," the humor column
of the University of Oregon "Emer
ald," and then we'll top off with an
installment of Lotta Fervor's great
mystery thriller.
♦ * *
We received phone calls all day ,
yesterday from readers of Lotta Fer-1
vor's "Three Buckets of Blood" who i
wanted to know what happened to
Geranium's paternal relative. We
owe you all an apology for not crash
ing into print but we went home to
celebrate a birthday—and you know
that takes time.
* * *
This morning we'll start off with j
some prize vegetables we stole from \
"The Seven Seers," the humor column
of the University of Oregon "Emer
ald," and then we'll top off with an
installment of Lotta Fervor's great
mystery thriller.
♦ * *
We received phone calls all day ,
yesterday from readers of Lotta Fer-1
vor's "Three Buckets of Blood" who i
wanted to know what happened to
Geranium's paternal relative. We
owe you all an apology for not crash
ing into print but we went home to
celebrate a birthday—and you know
that takes time.
* * *
This morning we'll start off with j
some prize vegetables we stole from \
"The Seven Seers," the humor column
of the University of Oregon "Emer
ald," and then we'll top off with an
installment of Lotta Fervor's great
mystery thriller.
♦ * *
We received phone calls all day ,
yesterday from readers of Lotta Fer-1
vor's "Three Buckets of Blood" who i
wanted to know what happened to
Geranium's paternal relative. We
owe you all an apology for not crash
ing into print but we went home to
celebrate a birthday—and you know
that takes time.
* * *
This morning we'll start off with j
some prize vegetables we stole from \
"The Seven Seers," the humor column
of the University of Oregon "Emer
ald," and then we'll top off with an
installment of Lotta Fervor's great
mystery thriller.
♦ * *
We received phone calls all day ,
yesterday from readers of Lotta Fer-1
vor's "Three Buckets of Blood" who i
wanted to know what happened to
Geranium's paternal relative. We
owe you all an apology for not crash
ing into print but we went home to
celebrate a birthday—and you know
that takes time.
* * *
This morning we'll start off with j
some prize vegetables we stole from \
"The Seven Seers," the humor column
of the University of Oregon "Emer
ald," and then we'll top off with an
installment of Lotta Fervor's great
mystery thriller.
♦ * *
We received phone calls all day ,
yesterday from readers of Lotta Fer-1
vor's "Three Buckets of Blood" who i
wanted to know what happened to
Geranium's paternal relative. We
owe you all an apology for not crash
ing into print but we went home to
celebrate a birthday—and you know
that takes time.
* * *
This morning we'll start off with j
some prize vegetables we stole from \
"The Seven Seers," the humor column
of the University of Oregon "Emer
ald," and then we'll top off with an
installment of Lotta Fervor's great
mystery thriller.
♦ * *
We received phone calls all day ,
yesterday from readers of Lotta Fer-1
vor's "Three Buckets of Blood" who i
wanted to know what happened to
Geranium's paternal relative. We
owe you all an apology for not crash
ing into print but we went home to
celebrate a birthday—and you know
that takes time.
* * *
This morning we'll start off with j
some prize vegetables we stole from \
"The Seven Seers," the humor column
of the University of Oregon "Emer
ald," and then we'll top off with an
installment of Lotta Fervor's great
mystery thriller.
♦ * *
We received phone calls all day ,
yesterday from readers of Lotta Fer-1
vor's "Three Buckets of Blood" who i
wanted to know what happened to
Geranium's paternal relative. We
owe you all an apology for not crash
ing into print but we went home to
celebrate a birthday—and you know
that takes time.
* * *
This morning we'll start off with j
some prize vegetables we stole from \
"The Seven Seers," the humor column
of the University of Oregon "Emer
ald," and then we'll top off with an
installment of Lotta Fervor's great
mystery thriller.
♦ * *
We received phone calls all day ,
yesterday from readers of Lotta Fer-1
vor's "Three Buckets of Blood" who i
wanted to know what happened to
Geranium's paternal relative. We
owe you all an apology for not crash
ing into print but we went home to
celebrate a birthday—and you know
that takes time.
* * *
This morning we'll start off with j
some prize vegetables we stole from \
"The Seven Seers," the humor column
of the University of Oregon "Emer
ald," and then we'll top off with an
installment of Lotta Fervor's great
mystery thriller.
♦ * *
We received phone calls all day ,
yesterday from readers of Lotta Fer-1
vor's "Three Buckets of Blood" who i
wanted to know what happened to
Geranium's paternal relative. We
owe you all an apology for not crash
ing into print but we went home to
celebrate a birthday—and you know
that takes time.
* * *
This morning we'll start off with j
some prize vegetables we stole from \
"The Seven Seers," the humor column
of the University of Oregon "Emer
ald," and then we'll top off with an
installment of Lotta Fervor's great
mystery thriller.
♦ * *
We received phone calls all day ,
yesterday from readers of Lotta Fer-1
vor's "Three Buckets of Blood" who i
wanted to know what happened to
Geranium's paternal relative. We
owe you all an apology for not crash
ing into print but we went home to
celebrate a birthday—and you know
that takes time.
* * *
This morning we'll start off with j
some prize vegetables we stole from \
"The Seven Seers," the humor column
of the University of Oregon "Emer
ald," and then we'll top off with an
installment of Lotta Fervor's great
mystery thriller.
♦ * *
We received phone calls all day ,
yesterday from readers of Lotta Fer-1
vor's "Three Buckets of Blood" who i
wanted to know what happened to
Geranium's paternal relative. We
owe you all an apology for not crash
ing into print but we went home to
celebrate a birthday—and you know
that takes time.
* * *
This morning we'll start off with j
some prize vegetables we stole from \
"The Seven Seers," the humor column
of the University of Oregon "Emer
ald," and then we'll top off with an
installment of Lotta Fervor's great
mystery thriller.
♦ * *
