# Allen To Give Organ Recital
## 
### 
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will give a recital in Me
morial Church Sunday, Oct. 28 at
4 p.m. After this week the recitals
will be given only on the first Sun
day of each month at 7:30 p.m. with
the afternoon series being discon
tinued. Tho Thursday afternoon re
citals will be presented as usual.
On Sunday, Nov. 11, the San
Francisco Municipal Chorus under
Dr. Hans Leschke will sing the
"Mass in D Minor" by Anton Bruck
ner at 3:30 p.m. The public is in
vited.
The program for Sunday's recital
is: "Prelude in G Major" by J. S.
Bach; "Litany for All Souls' Day"
by Franz Schubert; "Prelude in C
Minor" by Frederic Chopin; "Pre
lude on a Welsh Hymn-tune ("Love
ly") by Pialph Vaughan-Williams;
and "Allegro Cantabile, Adagio,
Toccata" from the Fifth Organ
"Symphonie" by C. M. Widor.
