# ALUMNI CONFERENCE
## 
### 
Betty Wellington will serve as
student member on the planning
committee for the 13th Annual Stan
ford Conference to be held on camp
us in February.
Betty Wellington will serve as
student member on the planning
committee for the 13th Annual Stan
ford Conference to be held on camp
us in February.
Betty Wellington will serve as
student member on the planning
committee for the 13th Annual Stan
ford Conference to be held on camp
us in February.
Betty Wellington will serve as
student member on the planning
committee for the 13th Annual Stan
ford Conference to be held on camp
us in February.
Betty Wellington will serve as
student member on the planning
committee for the 13th Annual Stan
ford Conference to be held on camp
us in February.
Betty Wellington will serve as
student member on the planning
committee for the 13th Annual Stan
ford Conference to be held on camp
us in February.
Betty Wellington will serve as
student member on the planning
committee for the 13th Annual Stan
ford Conference to be held on camp
us in February.
Betty Wellington will serve as
student member on the planning
committee for the 13th Annual Stan
ford Conference to be held on camp
us in February.
Betty Wellington will serve as
student member on the planning
committee for the 13th Annual Stan
ford Conference to be held on camp
us in February.
Betty Wellington will serve as
student member on the planning
committee for the 13th Annual Stan
ford Conference to be held on camp
us in February.
Betty Wellington will serve as
student member on the planning
committee for the 13th Annual Stan
ford Conference to be held on camp
us in February.
Betty Wellington will serve as
student member on the planning
committee for the 13th Annual Stan
ford Conference to be held on camp
us in February.
Betty Wellington will serve as
student member on the planning
committee for the 13th Annual Stan
ford Conference to be held on camp
us in February.
Betty Wellington will serve as
student member on the planning
committee for the 13th Annual Stan
ford Conference to be held on camp
us in February.
Betty Wellington will serve as
student member on the planning
committee for the 13th Annual Stan
ford Conference to be held on camp
us in February.
Betty Wellington will serve as
student member on the planning
committee for the 13th Annual Stan
ford Conference to be held on camp
us in February.
