# Encina Announces Social Committee
## 
### 
Resident Assistants of Eneina Hall,
Tom Stcege, Luke Pitts, and John
Stewart, announced the eight mem
bers <of the Encinal Hall Social
Affairs Committee yesterday. This
committee is for the purpose of help
ing the newcomers to Stanford es
tablish themselves with their fel
low classmen.
Looking forward to their first
meeting which will be held tonight,
the newly appointed committee has
extensive plans in mind. Smokers
in Encina Lounge with a principal
speaker, firesides, and exchange
dinners with Roble Hall head the
list of activities which will begin
soon.
The members of the committee
are: Charles Holman, Frank La
Berge, Larry Frankley, Eddie Lef
court, Ray Winterhalter, Steve
Smith, Alex Chappel and Eric
Parker.
