# Quads Will Be Ready On Next Wednesday
## 
### 
"Tin* long awaited 1 !>4;> Quad
definitely will he out next Wed
nesday," Business Manager Ann
Lilienthal has announced. Dis
tributions will l>e made at the
Quad office from 1 to 5 Thursday
and Friday afternoons of that
week. Any Quad not picked up
hy students on campus will he
mailed to the owner's home
address.
Four hundred of the 1,700 copies
printed have arrived and are be
ing tagged with their owner's
names. The rest of the copies are
expected before Sunday. Miss
Lilienthal says that workers are
still needed to give out the Quads.
Volunteers may call at the Quad
office any afternoon this week and
sign.
Senior pictures deadline is to
morrow, hy which time all pic
tures must he taken in order to
go into the special senior sec
tion.
Rohle residents must make ap
pointments lor their pictures be
fore November 7.
"Tin* long awaited 1 !>4;> Quad
definitely will he out next Wed
nesday," Business Manager Ann
Lilienthal has announced. Dis
tributions will l>e made at the
Quad office from 1 to 5 Thursday
and Friday afternoons of that
week. Any Quad not picked up
hy students on campus will he
mailed to the owner's home
address.
Four hundred of the 1,700 copies
printed have arrived and are be
ing tagged with their owner's
names. The rest of the copies are
expected before Sunday. Miss
Lilienthal says that workers are
still needed to give out the Quads.
Volunteers may call at the Quad
office any afternoon this week and
sign.
Senior pictures deadline is to
morrow, hy which time all pic
tures must he taken in order to
go into the special senior sec
tion.
Rohle residents must make ap
pointments lor their pictures be
fore November 7.
"Tin* long awaited 1 !>4;> Quad
definitely will he out next Wed
nesday," Business Manager Ann
Lilienthal has announced. Dis
tributions will l>e made at the
Quad office from 1 to 5 Thursday
and Friday afternoons of that
week. Any Quad not picked up
hy students on campus will he
mailed to the owner's home
address.
Four hundred of the 1,700 copies
printed have arrived and are be
ing tagged with their owner's
names. The rest of the copies are
expected before Sunday. Miss
Lilienthal says that workers are
still needed to give out the Quads.
Volunteers may call at the Quad
office any afternoon this week and
sign.
Senior pictures deadline is to
morrow, hy which time all pic
tures must he taken in order to
go into the special senior sec
tion.
Rohle residents must make ap
pointments lor their pictures be
fore November 7.
"Tin* long awaited 1 !>4;> Quad
definitely will he out next Wed
nesday," Business Manager Ann
Lilienthal has announced. Dis
tributions will l>e made at the
Quad office from 1 to 5 Thursday
and Friday afternoons of that
week. Any Quad not picked up
hy students on campus will he
mailed to the owner's home
address.
Four hundred of the 1,700 copies
printed have arrived and are be
ing tagged with their owner's
names. The rest of the copies are
expected before Sunday. Miss
Lilienthal says that workers are
still needed to give out the Quads.
Volunteers may call at the Quad
office any afternoon this week and
sign.
Senior pictures deadline is to
morrow, hy which time all pic
tures must he taken in order to
go into the special senior sec
tion.
Rohle residents must make ap
pointments lor their pictures be
fore November 7.
"Tin* long awaited 1 !>4;> Quad
definitely will he out next Wed
nesday," Business Manager Ann
Lilienthal has announced. Dis
tributions will l>e made at the
Quad office from 1 to 5 Thursday
and Friday afternoons of that
week. Any Quad not picked up
hy students on campus will he
mailed to the owner's home
address.
Four hundred of the 1,700 copies
printed have arrived and are be
ing tagged with their owner's
names. The rest of the copies are
expected before Sunday. Miss
Lilienthal says that workers are
still needed to give out the Quads.
Volunteers may call at the Quad
office any afternoon this week and
sign.
Senior pictures deadline is to
morrow, hy which time all pic
tures must he taken in order to
go into the special senior sec
tion.
Rohle residents must make ap
pointments lor their pictures be
fore November 7.
"Tin* long awaited 1 !>4;> Quad
definitely will he out next Wed
nesday," Business Manager Ann
Lilienthal has announced. Dis
tributions will l>e made at the
Quad office from 1 to 5 Thursday
and Friday afternoons of that
week. Any Quad not picked up
hy students on campus will he
mailed to the owner's home
address.
Four hundred of the 1,700 copies
printed have arrived and are be
ing tagged with their owner's
names. The rest of the copies are
expected before Sunday. Miss
Lilienthal says that workers are
still needed to give out the Quads.
Volunteers may call at the Quad
office any afternoon this week and
sign.
Senior pictures deadline is to
morrow, hy which time all pic
tures must he taken in order to
go into the special senior sec
tion.
Rohle residents must make ap
pointments lor their pictures be
fore November 7.
"Tin* long awaited 1 !>4;> Quad
definitely will he out next Wed
nesday," Business Manager Ann
Lilienthal has announced. Dis
tributions will l>e made at the
Quad office from 1 to 5 Thursday
and Friday afternoons of that
week. Any Quad not picked up
hy students on campus will he
mailed to the owner's home
address.
Four hundred of the 1,700 copies
printed have arrived and are be
ing tagged with their owner's
names. The rest of the copies are
expected before Sunday. Miss
Lilienthal says that workers are
still needed to give out the Quads.
Volunteers may call at the Quad
office any afternoon this week and
sign.
Senior pictures deadline is to
morrow, hy which time all pic
tures must he taken in order to
go into the special senior sec
tion.
Rohle residents must make ap
pointments lor their pictures be
fore November 7.
"Tin* long awaited 1 !>4;> Quad
definitely will he out next Wed
nesday," Business Manager Ann
Lilienthal has announced. Dis
tributions will l>e made at the
Quad office from 1 to 5 Thursday
and Friday afternoons of that
week. Any Quad not picked up
hy students on campus will he
mailed to the owner's home
address.
Four hundred of the 1,700 copies
printed have arrived and are be
ing tagged with their owner's
names. The rest of the copies are
expected before Sunday. Miss
Lilienthal says that workers are
still needed to give out the Quads.
Volunteers may call at the Quad
office any afternoon this week and
sign.
Senior pictures deadline is to
morrow, hy which time all pic
tures must he taken in order to
go into the special senior sec
tion.
Rohle residents must make ap
pointments lor their pictures be
fore November 7.
"Tin* long awaited 1 !>4;> Quad
definitely will he out next Wed
nesday," Business Manager Ann
Lilienthal has announced. Dis
tributions will l>e made at the
Quad office from 1 to 5 Thursday
and Friday afternoons of that
week. Any Quad not picked up
hy students on campus will he
mailed to the owner's home
address.
Four hundred of the 1,700 copies
printed have arrived and are be
ing tagged with their owner's
names. The rest of the copies are
expected before Sunday. Miss
Lilienthal says that workers are
still needed to give out the Quads.
Volunteers may call at the Quad
office any afternoon this week and
sign.
Senior pictures deadline is to
morrow, hy which time all pic
tures must he taken in order to
go into the special senior sec
tion.
Rohle residents must make ap
pointments lor their pictures be
fore November 7.
"Tin* long awaited 1 !>4;> Quad
definitely will he out next Wed
nesday," Business Manager Ann
Lilienthal has announced. Dis
tributions will l>e made at the
Quad office from 1 to 5 Thursday
and Friday afternoons of that
week. Any Quad not picked up
hy students on campus will he
mailed to the owner's home
address.
Four hundred of the 1,700 copies
printed have arrived and are be
ing tagged with their owner's
names. The rest of the copies are
expected before Sunday. Miss
Lilienthal says that workers are
still needed to give out the Quads.
Volunteers may call at the Quad
office any afternoon this week and
sign.
Senior pictures deadline is to
morrow, hy which time all pic
tures must he taken in order to
go into the special senior sec
tion.
Rohle residents must make ap
pointments lor their pictures be
fore November 7.
"Tin* long awaited 1 !>4;> Quad
definitely will he out next Wed
nesday," Business Manager Ann
Lilienthal has announced. Dis
tributions will l>e made at the
Quad office from 1 to 5 Thursday
and Friday afternoons of that
week. Any Quad not picked up
hy students on campus will he
mailed to the owner's home
address.
Four hundred of the 1,700 copies
printed have arrived and are be
ing tagged with their owner's
names. The rest of the copies are
expected before Sunday. Miss
Lilienthal says that workers are
still needed to give out the Quads.
Volunteers may call at the Quad
office any afternoon this week and
sign.
Senior pictures deadline is to
morrow, hy which time all pic
tures must he taken in order to
go into the special senior sec
tion.
Rohle residents must make ap
pointments lor their pictures be
fore November 7.
"Tin* long awaited 1 !>4;> Quad
definitely will he out next Wed
nesday," Business Manager Ann
Lilienthal has announced. Dis
tributions will l>e made at the
Quad office from 1 to 5 Thursday
and Friday afternoons of that
week. Any Quad not picked up
hy students on campus will he
mailed to the owner's home
address.
Four hundred of the 1,700 copies
printed have arrived and are be
ing tagged with their owner's
names. The rest of the copies are
expected before Sunday. Miss
Lilienthal says that workers are
still needed to give out the Quads.
Volunteers may call at the Quad
office any afternoon this week and
sign.
Senior pictures deadline is to
morrow, hy which time all pic
tures must he taken in order to
go into the special senior sec
tion.
Rohle residents must make ap
pointments lor their pictures be
fore November 7.
"Tin* long awaited 1 !>4;> Quad
definitely will he out next Wed
nesday," Business Manager Ann
Lilienthal has announced. Dis
tributions will l>e made at the
Quad office from 1 to 5 Thursday
and Friday afternoons of that
week. Any Quad not picked up
hy students on campus will he
mailed to the owner's home
address.
Four hundred of the 1,700 copies
printed have arrived and are be
ing tagged with their owner's
names. The rest of the copies are
expected before Sunday. Miss
Lilienthal says that workers are
still needed to give out the Quads.
Volunteers may call at the Quad
office any afternoon this week and
sign.
Senior pictures deadline is to
morrow, hy which time all pic
tures must he taken in order to
go into the special senior sec
tion.
Rohle residents must make ap
pointments lor their pictures be
fore November 7.
"Tin* long awaited 1 !>4;> Quad
definitely will he out next Wed
nesday," Business Manager Ann
Lilienthal has announced. Dis
tributions will l>e made at the
Quad office from 1 to 5 Thursday
and Friday afternoons of that
week. Any Quad not picked up
hy students on campus will he
mailed to the owner's home
address.
Four hundred of the 1,700 copies
printed have arrived and are be
ing tagged with their owner's
names. The rest of the copies are
expected before Sunday. Miss
Lilienthal says that workers are
still needed to give out the Quads.
Volunteers may call at the Quad
office any afternoon this week and
sign.
Senior pictures deadline is to
morrow, hy which time all pic
tures must he taken in order to
go into the special senior sec
tion.
Rohle residents must make ap
pointments lor their pictures be
fore November 7.
"Tin* long awaited 1 !>4;> Quad
definitely will he out next Wed
nesday," Business Manager Ann
Lilienthal has announced. Dis
tributions will l>e made at the
Quad office from 1 to 5 Thursday
and Friday afternoons of that
week. Any Quad not picked up
hy students on campus will he
mailed to the owner's home
address.
Four hundred of the 1,700 copies
printed have arrived and are be
ing tagged with their owner's
names. The rest of the copies are
expected before Sunday. Miss
Lilienthal says that workers are
still needed to give out the Quads.
Volunteers may call at the Quad
office any afternoon this week and
sign.
Senior pictures deadline is to
morrow, hy which time all pic
tures must he taken in order to
go into the special senior sec
tion.
Rohle residents must make ap
pointments lor their pictures be
fore November 7.
"Tin* long awaited 1 !>4;> Quad
definitely will he out next Wed
nesday," Business Manager Ann
Lilienthal has announced. Dis
tributions will l>e made at the
Quad office from 1 to 5 Thursday
and Friday afternoons of that
week. Any Quad not picked up
hy students on campus will he
mailed to the owner's home
address.
Four hundred of the 1,700 copies
printed have arrived and are be
ing tagged with their owner's
names. The rest of the copies are
expected before Sunday. Miss
Lilienthal says that workers are
still needed to give out the Quads.
Volunteers may call at the Quad
office any afternoon this week and
sign.
Senior pictures deadline is to
morrow, hy which time all pic
tures must he taken in order to
go into the special senior sec
tion.
Rohle residents must make ap
pointments lor their pictures be
fore November 7.
