# Tennis Tourney Goes Into Third Round
## 
### 
All third round matches in the
mixed doubles tennis tournament
must be played by Monday, Con
nie Wheeler announced today.
Second roifnd matches were j
completed yesterday in the five
week all-campus tennis tourna
ment.
All third round matches in the
mixed doubles tennis tournament
must be played by Monday, Con
nie Wheeler announced today.
Second roifnd matches were j
completed yesterday in the five
week all-campus tennis tourna
ment.
All third round matches in the
mixed doubles tennis tournament
must be played by Monday, Con
nie Wheeler announced today.
Second roifnd matches were j
completed yesterday in the five
week all-campus tennis tourna
ment.
All third round matches in the
mixed doubles tennis tournament
must be played by Monday, Con
nie Wheeler announced today.
Second roifnd matches were j
completed yesterday in the five
week all-campus tennis tourna
ment.
All third round matches in the
mixed doubles tennis tournament
must be played by Monday, Con
nie Wheeler announced today.
Second roifnd matches were j
completed yesterday in the five
week all-campus tennis tourna
ment.
All third round matches in the
mixed doubles tennis tournament
must be played by Monday, Con
nie Wheeler announced today.
Second roifnd matches were j
completed yesterday in the five
week all-campus tennis tourna
ment.
All third round matches in the
mixed doubles tennis tournament
must be played by Monday, Con
nie Wheeler announced today.
Second roifnd matches were j
completed yesterday in the five
week all-campus tennis tourna
ment.
All third round matches in the
mixed doubles tennis tournament
must be played by Monday, Con
nie Wheeler announced today.
Second roifnd matches were j
completed yesterday in the five
week all-campus tennis tourna
ment.
All third round matches in the
mixed doubles tennis tournament
must be played by Monday, Con
nie Wheeler announced today.
Second roifnd matches were j
completed yesterday in the five
week all-campus tennis tourna
ment.
All third round matches in the
mixed doubles tennis tournament
must be played by Monday, Con
nie Wheeler announced today.
Second roifnd matches were j
completed yesterday in the five
week all-campus tennis tourna
ment.
All third round matches in the
mixed doubles tennis tournament
must be played by Monday, Con
nie Wheeler announced today.
Second roifnd matches were j
completed yesterday in the five
week all-campus tennis tourna
ment.
All third round matches in the
mixed doubles tennis tournament
must be played by Monday, Con
nie Wheeler announced today.
Second roifnd matches were j
completed yesterday in the five
week all-campus tennis tourna
ment.
All third round matches in the
mixed doubles tennis tournament
must be played by Monday, Con
nie Wheeler announced today.
Second roifnd matches were j
completed yesterday in the five
week all-campus tennis tourna
ment.
All third round matches in the
mixed doubles tennis tournament
must be played by Monday, Con
nie Wheeler announced today.
Second roifnd matches were j
completed yesterday in the five
week all-campus tennis tourna
ment.
All third round matches in the
mixed doubles tennis tournament
must be played by Monday, Con
nie Wheeler announced today.
Second roifnd matches were j
completed yesterday in the five
week all-campus tennis tourna
ment.
All third round matches in the
mixed doubles tennis tournament
must be played by Monday, Con
nie Wheeler announced today.
Second roifnd matches were j
completed yesterday in the five
week all-campus tennis tourna
ment.
