# Lathrop Planning Party for NRO's
## 
### 
Lathrop House is planning to en
tertain the NROTC in an open house
next Sunday, October 28, from 3 to
5 p.m.
Recreation for the afternoon will
include dancing, ping-pong, and lots
of cider in an informal atmosphere.
This is Lathrop's first party for the
NEO's and Kallie Tremain, social
chairman, expressed the hope that
there would be a large turnout of
Stanford sailors at the affair.
Lathrop House is planning to en
tertain the NROTC in an open house
next Sunday, October 28, from 3 to
5 p.m.
Recreation for the afternoon will
include dancing, ping-pong, and lots
of cider in an informal atmosphere.
This is Lathrop's first party for the
NEO's and Kallie Tremain, social
chairman, expressed the hope that
there would be a large turnout of
Stanford sailors at the affair.
Lathrop House is planning to en
tertain the NROTC in an open house
next Sunday, October 28, from 3 to
5 p.m.
Recreation for the afternoon will
include dancing, ping-pong, and lots
of cider in an informal atmosphere.
This is Lathrop's first party for the
NEO's and Kallie Tremain, social
chairman, expressed the hope that
there would be a large turnout of
Stanford sailors at the affair.
Lathrop House is planning to en
tertain the NROTC in an open house
next Sunday, October 28, from 3 to
5 p.m.
Recreation for the afternoon will
include dancing, ping-pong, and lots
of cider in an informal atmosphere.
This is Lathrop's first party for the
NEO's and Kallie Tremain, social
chairman, expressed the hope that
there would be a large turnout of
Stanford sailors at the affair.
Lathrop House is planning to en
tertain the NROTC in an open house
next Sunday, October 28, from 3 to
5 p.m.
Recreation for the afternoon will
include dancing, ping-pong, and lots
of cider in an informal atmosphere.
This is Lathrop's first party for the
NEO's and Kallie Tremain, social
chairman, expressed the hope that
there would be a large turnout of
Stanford sailors at the affair.
Lathrop House is planning to en
tertain the NROTC in an open house
next Sunday, October 28, from 3 to
5 p.m.
Recreation for the afternoon will
include dancing, ping-pong, and lots
of cider in an informal atmosphere.
This is Lathrop's first party for the
NEO's and Kallie Tremain, social
chairman, expressed the hope that
there would be a large turnout of
Stanford sailors at the affair.
Lathrop House is planning to en
tertain the NROTC in an open house
next Sunday, October 28, from 3 to
5 p.m.
Recreation for the afternoon will
include dancing, ping-pong, and lots
of cider in an informal atmosphere.
This is Lathrop's first party for the
NEO's and Kallie Tremain, social
chairman, expressed the hope that
there would be a large turnout of
Stanford sailors at the affair.
Lathrop House is planning to en
tertain the NROTC in an open house
next Sunday, October 28, from 3 to
5 p.m.
Recreation for the afternoon will
include dancing, ping-pong, and lots
of cider in an informal atmosphere.
This is Lathrop's first party for the
NEO's and Kallie Tremain, social
chairman, expressed the hope that
there would be a large turnout of
Stanford sailors at the affair.
Lathrop House is planning to en
tertain the NROTC in an open house
next Sunday, October 28, from 3 to
5 p.m.
Recreation for the afternoon will
include dancing, ping-pong, and lots
of cider in an informal atmosphere.
This is Lathrop's first party for the
NEO's and Kallie Tremain, social
chairman, expressed the hope that
there would be a large turnout of
Stanford sailors at the affair.
Lathrop House is planning to en
tertain the NROTC in an open house
next Sunday, October 28, from 3 to
5 p.m.
Recreation for the afternoon will
include dancing, ping-pong, and lots
of cider in an informal atmosphere.
This is Lathrop's first party for the
NEO's and Kallie Tremain, social
chairman, expressed the hope that
there would be a large turnout of
Stanford sailors at the affair.
Lathrop House is planning to en
tertain the NROTC in an open house
next Sunday, October 28, from 3 to
5 p.m.
Recreation for the afternoon will
include dancing, ping-pong, and lots
of cider in an informal atmosphere.
This is Lathrop's first party for the
NEO's and Kallie Tremain, social
chairman, expressed the hope that
there would be a large turnout of
Stanford sailors at the affair.
Lathrop House is planning to en
tertain the NROTC in an open house
next Sunday, October 28, from 3 to
5 p.m.
Recreation for the afternoon will
include dancing, ping-pong, and lots
of cider in an informal atmosphere.
This is Lathrop's first party for the
NEO's and Kallie Tremain, social
chairman, expressed the hope that
there would be a large turnout of
Stanford sailors at the affair.
Lathrop House is planning to en
tertain the NROTC in an open house
next Sunday, October 28, from 3 to
5 p.m.
Recreation for the afternoon will
include dancing, ping-pong, and lots
of cider in an informal atmosphere.
This is Lathrop's first party for the
NEO's and Kallie Tremain, social
chairman, expressed the hope that
there would be a large turnout of
Stanford sailors at the affair.
Lathrop House is planning to en
tertain the NROTC in an open house
next Sunday, October 28, from 3 to
5 p.m.
Recreation for the afternoon will
include dancing, ping-pong, and lots
of cider in an informal atmosphere.
This is Lathrop's first party for the
NEO's and Kallie Tremain, social
chairman, expressed the hope that
there would be a large turnout of
Stanford sailors at the affair.
Lathrop House is planning to en
tertain the NROTC in an open house
next Sunday, October 28, from 3 to
5 p.m.
Recreation for the afternoon will
include dancing, ping-pong, and lots
of cider in an informal atmosphere.
This is Lathrop's first party for the
NEO's and Kallie Tremain, social
chairman, expressed the hope that
there would be a large turnout of
Stanford sailors at the affair.
Lathrop House is planning to en
tertain the NROTC in an open house
next Sunday, October 28, from 3 to
5 p.m.
Recreation for the afternoon will
include dancing, ping-pong, and lots
of cider in an informal atmosphere.
This is Lathrop's first party for the
NEO's and Kallie Tremain, social
chairman, expressed the hope that
there would be a large turnout of
Stanford sailors at the affair.
