# Schedule Changes
## 
### 
Students should cheek lists in
their residences or with the Reg
istrar's office for changes in
course schedules.
A list of new Undergraduate
Specials was printed in yester
day's DAILY as a public service, !
hut space limitations prevent the I
publication of all changes.
Students should cheek lists in
their residences or with the Reg
istrar's office for changes in
course schedules.
A list of new Undergraduate
Specials was printed in yester
day's DAILY as a public service, !
hut space limitations prevent the I
publication of all changes.
Students should cheek lists in
their residences or with the Reg
istrar's office for changes in
course schedules.
A list of new Undergraduate
Specials was printed in yester
day's DAILY as a public service, !
hut space limitations prevent the I
publication of all changes.
Students should cheek lists in
their residences or with the Reg
istrar's office for changes in
course schedules.
A list of new Undergraduate
Specials was printed in yester
day's DAILY as a public service, !
hut space limitations prevent the I
publication of all changes.
Students should cheek lists in
their residences or with the Reg
istrar's office for changes in
course schedules.
A list of new Undergraduate
Specials was printed in yester
day's DAILY as a public service, !
hut space limitations prevent the I
publication of all changes.
Students should cheek lists in
their residences or with the Reg
istrar's office for changes in
course schedules.
A list of new Undergraduate
Specials was printed in yester
day's DAILY as a public service, !
hut space limitations prevent the I
publication of all changes.
Students should cheek lists in
their residences or with the Reg
istrar's office for changes in
course schedules.
A list of new Undergraduate
Specials was printed in yester
day's DAILY as a public service, !
hut space limitations prevent the I
publication of all changes.
Students should cheek lists in
their residences or with the Reg
istrar's office for changes in
course schedules.
A list of new Undergraduate
Specials was printed in yester
day's DAILY as a public service, !
hut space limitations prevent the I
publication of all changes.
Students should cheek lists in
their residences or with the Reg
istrar's office for changes in
course schedules.
A list of new Undergraduate
Specials was printed in yester
day's DAILY as a public service, !
hut space limitations prevent the I
publication of all changes.
Students should cheek lists in
their residences or with the Reg
istrar's office for changes in
course schedules.
A list of new Undergraduate
Specials was printed in yester
day's DAILY as a public service, !
hut space limitations prevent the I
publication of all changes.
Students should cheek lists in
their residences or with the Reg
istrar's office for changes in
course schedules.
A list of new Undergraduate
Specials was printed in yester
day's DAILY as a public service, !
hut space limitations prevent the I
publication of all changes.
Students should cheek lists in
their residences or with the Reg
istrar's office for changes in
course schedules.
A list of new Undergraduate
Specials was printed in yester
day's DAILY as a public service, !
hut space limitations prevent the I
publication of all changes.
Students should cheek lists in
their residences or with the Reg
istrar's office for changes in
course schedules.
A list of new Undergraduate
Specials was printed in yester
day's DAILY as a public service, !
hut space limitations prevent the I
publication of all changes.
Students should cheek lists in
their residences or with the Reg
istrar's office for changes in
course schedules.
A list of new Undergraduate
Specials was printed in yester
day's DAILY as a public service, !
hut space limitations prevent the I
publication of all changes.
Students should cheek lists in
their residences or with the Reg
istrar's office for changes in
course schedules.
A list of new Undergraduate
Specials was printed in yester
day's DAILY as a public service, !
hut space limitations prevent the I
publication of all changes.
