# Europe-Bound
## 
### 

Loaded down with baggage, Stanford
students board a bus on the first leg
of their journey to the various Over
seas Campuses, thus climaxing long
IH'riods of preparation for their Euro
|K>an experience.

Loaded down with baggage, Stanford
students board a bus on the first leg
of their journey to the various Over
seas Campuses, thus climaxing long
IH'riods of preparation for their Euro
|K>an experience.

Loaded down with baggage, Stanford
students board a bus on the first leg
of their journey to the various Over
seas Campuses, thus climaxing long
IH'riods of preparation for their Euro
|K>an experience.

Loaded down with baggage, Stanford
students board a bus on the first leg
of their journey to the various Over
seas Campuses, thus climaxing long
IH'riods of preparation for their Euro
|K>an experience.

Loaded down with baggage, Stanford
students board a bus on the first leg
of their journey to the various Over
seas Campuses, thus climaxing long
IH'riods of preparation for their Euro
|K>an experience.

Loaded down with baggage, Stanford
students board a bus on the first leg
of their journey to the various Over
seas Campuses, thus climaxing long
IH'riods of preparation for their Euro
|K>an experience.

Loaded down with baggage, Stanford
students board a bus on the first leg
of their journey to the various Over
seas Campuses, thus climaxing long
IH'riods of preparation for their Euro
|K>an experience.

Loaded down with baggage, Stanford
students board a bus on the first leg
of their journey to the various Over
seas Campuses, thus climaxing long
IH'riods of preparation for their Euro
|K>an experience.

Loaded down with baggage, Stanford
students board a bus on the first leg
of their journey to the various Over
seas Campuses, thus climaxing long
IH'riods of preparation for their Euro
|K>an experience.

Loaded down with baggage, Stanford
students board a bus on the first leg
of their journey to the various Over
seas Campuses, thus climaxing long
IH'riods of preparation for their Euro
|K>an experience.

Loaded down with baggage, Stanford
students board a bus on the first leg
of their journey to the various Over
seas Campuses, thus climaxing long
IH'riods of preparation for their Euro
|K>an experience.

Loaded down with baggage, Stanford
students board a bus on the first leg
of their journey to the various Over
seas Campuses, thus climaxing long
IH'riods of preparation for their Euro
|K>an experience.

Loaded down with baggage, Stanford
students board a bus on the first leg
of their journey to the various Over
seas Campuses, thus climaxing long
IH'riods of preparation for their Euro
|K>an experience.

Loaded down with baggage, Stanford
students board a bus on the first leg
of their journey to the various Over
seas Campuses, thus climaxing long
IH'riods of preparation for their Euro
|K>an experience.

Loaded down with baggage, Stanford
students board a bus on the first leg
of their journey to the various Over
seas Campuses, thus climaxing long
IH'riods of preparation for their Euro
|K>an experience.
