# Doyle 'Travel-ship' Set Up
## 
### 
A travelling fellowship is be
ing established as a memorial to
Edwin J. Doyle, a Classics pro
fessor at Stanford until his
death last December.
It is planned that this award
will be given annually to a
promising Classics student for
a year of travel and study in
Greece or elsewhere in the Med
iterranean.
At the request of Doyle's
family, a committee of col
leagues, students, and friends
has been set up to raise the
$100,000 endowment necessary
for establishment of the Edwin
,T Doyle Memorial Fellowship.
Although several large gifts
have already been pledged, more

money is still required, accord
ing to Barbara Dudley, who has
been raising funds on campus.
She said pledges should be sent
to the Edward J. Doyle Me
morial Fellowship, Box 3038,
Stanford.
A travelling fellowship is be
ing established as a memorial to
Edwin J. Doyle, a Classics pro
fessor at Stanford until his
death last December.
It is planned that this award
will be given annually to a
promising Classics student for
a year of travel and study in
Greece or elsewhere in the Med
iterranean.
At the request of Doyle's
family, a committee of col
leagues, students, and friends
has been set up to raise the
$100,000 endowment necessary
for establishment of the Edwin
,T Doyle Memorial Fellowship.
Although several large gifts
have already been pledged, more

money is still required, accord
ing to Barbara Dudley, who has
been raising funds on campus.
She said pledges should be sent
to the Edward J. Doyle Me
morial Fellowship, Box 3038,
Stanford.
A travelling fellowship is be
ing established as a memorial to
Edwin J. Doyle, a Classics pro
fessor at Stanford until his
death last December.
It is planned that this award
will be given annually to a
promising Classics student for
a year of travel and study in
Greece or elsewhere in the Med
iterranean.
At the request of Doyle's
family, a committee of col
leagues, students, and friends
has been set up to raise the
$100,000 endowment necessary
for establishment of the Edwin
,T Doyle Memorial Fellowship.
Although several large gifts
have already been pledged, more

money is still required, accord
ing to Barbara Dudley, who has
been raising funds on campus.
She said pledges should be sent
to the Edward J. Doyle Me
morial Fellowship, Box 3038,
Stanford.
A travelling fellowship is be
ing established as a memorial to
Edwin J. Doyle, a Classics pro
fessor at Stanford until his
death last December.
It is planned that this award
will be given annually to a
promising Classics student for
a year of travel and study in
Greece or elsewhere in the Med
iterranean.
At the request of Doyle's
family, a committee of col
leagues, students, and friends
has been set up to raise the
$100,000 endowment necessary
for establishment of the Edwin
,T Doyle Memorial Fellowship.
Although several large gifts
have already been pledged, more

money is still required, accord
ing to Barbara Dudley, who has
been raising funds on campus.
She said pledges should be sent
to the Edward J. Doyle Me
morial Fellowship, Box 3038,
Stanford.
A travelling fellowship is be
ing established as a memorial to
Edwin J. Doyle, a Classics pro
fessor at Stanford until his
death last December.
It is planned that this award
will be given annually to a
promising Classics student for
a year of travel and study in
Greece or elsewhere in the Med
iterranean.
At the request of Doyle's
family, a committee of col
leagues, students, and friends
has been set up to raise the
$100,000 endowment necessary
for establishment of the Edwin
,T Doyle Memorial Fellowship.
Although several large gifts
have already been pledged, more

money is still required, accord
ing to Barbara Dudley, who has
been raising funds on campus.
She said pledges should be sent
to the Edward J. Doyle Me
morial Fellowship, Box 3038,
Stanford.
A travelling fellowship is be
ing established as a memorial to
Edwin J. Doyle, a Classics pro
fessor at Stanford until his
death last December.
It is planned that this award
will be given annually to a
promising Classics student for
a year of travel and study in
Greece or elsewhere in the Med
iterranean.
At the request of Doyle's
family, a committee of col
leagues, students, and friends
has been set up to raise the
$100,000 endowment necessary
for establishment of the Edwin
,T Doyle Memorial Fellowship.
Although several large gifts
have already been pledged, more

money is still required, accord
ing to Barbara Dudley, who has
been raising funds on campus.
She said pledges should be sent
to the Edward J. Doyle Me
morial Fellowship, Box 3038,
Stanford.
A travelling fellowship is be
ing established as a memorial to
Edwin J. Doyle, a Classics pro
fessor at Stanford until his
death last December.
It is planned that this award
will be given annually to a
promising Classics student for
a year of travel and study in
Greece or elsewhere in the Med
iterranean.
At the request of Doyle's
family, a committee of col
leagues, students, and friends
has been set up to raise the
$100,000 endowment necessary
for establishment of the Edwin
,T Doyle Memorial Fellowship.
Although several large gifts
have already been pledged, more

money is still required, accord
ing to Barbara Dudley, who has
been raising funds on campus.
She said pledges should be sent
to the Edward J. Doyle Me
morial Fellowship, Box 3038,
Stanford.
A travelling fellowship is be
ing established as a memorial to
Edwin J. Doyle, a Classics pro
fessor at Stanford until his
death last December.
It is planned that this award
will be given annually to a
promising Classics student for
a year of travel and study in
Greece or elsewhere in the Med
iterranean.
At the request of Doyle's
family, a committee of col
leagues, students, and friends
has been set up to raise the
$100,000 endowment necessary
for establishment of the Edwin
,T Doyle Memorial Fellowship.
Although several large gifts
have already been pledged, more

money is still required, accord
ing to Barbara Dudley, who has
been raising funds on campus.
She said pledges should be sent
to the Edward J. Doyle Me
morial Fellowship, Box 3038,
Stanford.
A travelling fellowship is be
ing established as a memorial to
Edwin J. Doyle, a Classics pro
fessor at Stanford until his
death last December.
It is planned that this award
will be given annually to a
promising Classics student for
a year of travel and study in
Greece or elsewhere in the Med
iterranean.
At the request of Doyle's
family, a committee of col
leagues, students, and friends
has been set up to raise the
$100,000 endowment necessary
for establishment of the Edwin
,T Doyle Memorial Fellowship.
Although several large gifts
have already been pledged, more

money is still required, accord
ing to Barbara Dudley, who has
been raising funds on campus.
She said pledges should be sent
to the Edward J. Doyle Me
morial Fellowship, Box 3038,
Stanford.
A travelling fellowship is be
ing established as a memorial to
Edwin J. Doyle, a Classics pro
fessor at Stanford until his
death last December.
It is planned that this award
will be given annually to a
promising Classics student for
a year of travel and study in
Greece or elsewhere in the Med
iterranean.
At the request of Doyle's
family, a committee of col
leagues, students, and friends
has been set up to raise the
$100,000 endowment necessary
for establishment of the Edwin
,T Doyle Memorial Fellowship.
Although several large gifts
have already been pledged, more

money is still required, accord
ing to Barbara Dudley, who has
been raising funds on campus.
She said pledges should be sent
to the Edward J. Doyle Me
morial Fellowship, Box 3038,
Stanford.
A travelling fellowship is be
ing established as a memorial to
Edwin J. Doyle, a Classics pro
fessor at Stanford until his
death last December.
It is planned that this award
will be given annually to a
promising Classics student for
a year of travel and study in
Greece or elsewhere in the Med
iterranean.
At the request of Doyle's
family, a committee of col
leagues, students, and friends
has been set up to raise the
$100,000 endowment necessary
for establishment of the Edwin
,T Doyle Memorial Fellowship.
Although several large gifts
have already been pledged, more

money is still required, accord
ing to Barbara Dudley, who has
been raising funds on campus.
She said pledges should be sent
to the Edward J. Doyle Me
morial Fellowship, Box 3038,
Stanford.
A travelling fellowship is be
ing established as a memorial to
Edwin J. Doyle, a Classics pro
fessor at Stanford until his
death last December.
It is planned that this award
will be given annually to a
promising Classics student for
a year of travel and study in
Greece or elsewhere in the Med
iterranean.
At the request of Doyle's
family, a committee of col
leagues, students, and friends
has been set up to raise the
$100,000 endowment necessary
for establishment of the Edwin
,T Doyle Memorial Fellowship.
Although several large gifts
have already been pledged, more

money is still required, accord
ing to Barbara Dudley, who has
been raising funds on campus.
She said pledges should be sent
to the Edward J. Doyle Me
morial Fellowship, Box 3038,
Stanford.
A travelling fellowship is be
ing established as a memorial to
Edwin J. Doyle, a Classics pro
fessor at Stanford until his
death last December.
It is planned that this award
will be given annually to a
promising Classics student for
a year of travel and study in
Greece or elsewhere in the Med
iterranean.
At the request of Doyle's
family, a committee of col
leagues, students, and friends
has been set up to raise the
$100,000 endowment necessary
for establishment of the Edwin
,T Doyle Memorial Fellowship.
Although several large gifts
have already been pledged, more

money is still required, accord
ing to Barbara Dudley, who has
been raising funds on campus.
She said pledges should be sent
to the Edward J. Doyle Me
morial Fellowship, Box 3038,
Stanford.
A travelling fellowship is be
ing established as a memorial to
Edwin J. Doyle, a Classics pro
fessor at Stanford until his
death last December.
It is planned that this award
will be given annually to a
promising Classics student for
a year of travel and study in
Greece or elsewhere in the Med
iterranean.
At the request of Doyle's
family, a committee of col
leagues, students, and friends
has been set up to raise the
$100,000 endowment necessary
for establishment of the Edwin
,T Doyle Memorial Fellowship.
Although several large gifts
have already been pledged, more

money is still required, accord
ing to Barbara Dudley, who has
been raising funds on campus.
She said pledges should be sent
to the Edward J. Doyle Me
morial Fellowship, Box 3038,
Stanford.
A travelling fellowship is be
ing established as a memorial to
Edwin J. Doyle, a Classics pro
fessor at Stanford until his
death last December.
It is planned that this award
will be given annually to a
promising Classics student for
a year of travel and study in
Greece or elsewhere in the Med
iterranean.
At the request of Doyle's
family, a committee of col
leagues, students, and friends
has been set up to raise the
$100,000 endowment necessary
for establishment of the Edwin
,T Doyle Memorial Fellowship.
Although several large gifts
have already been pledged, more

money is still required, accord
ing to Barbara Dudley, who has
been raising funds on campus.
She said pledges should be sent
to the Edward J. Doyle Me
morial Fellowship, Box 3038,
Stanford.
