# Murals Meeting
## 
### 
There will be a meeting of the
managers of spring intramural
teams tomorrow night (Wednes
day) in room 350 of Encina
gymnasium. Intramurals Direc
tor Gary Ness terms it "impor
tant" and asks all managers to
attend.
There will be a meeting of the
managers of spring intramural
teams tomorrow night (Wednes
day) in room 350 of Encina
gymnasium. Intramurals Direc
tor Gary Ness terms it "impor
tant" and asks all managers to
attend.
There will be a meeting of the
managers of spring intramural
teams tomorrow night (Wednes
day) in room 350 of Encina
gymnasium. Intramurals Direc
tor Gary Ness terms it "impor
tant" and asks all managers to
attend.
There will be a meeting of the
managers of spring intramural
teams tomorrow night (Wednes
day) in room 350 of Encina
gymnasium. Intramurals Direc
tor Gary Ness terms it "impor
tant" and asks all managers to
attend.
There will be a meeting of the
managers of spring intramural
teams tomorrow night (Wednes
day) in room 350 of Encina
gymnasium. Intramurals Direc
tor Gary Ness terms it "impor
tant" and asks all managers to
attend.
There will be a meeting of the
managers of spring intramural
teams tomorrow night (Wednes
day) in room 350 of Encina
gymnasium. Intramurals Direc
tor Gary Ness terms it "impor
tant" and asks all managers to
attend.
There will be a meeting of the
managers of spring intramural
teams tomorrow night (Wednes
day) in room 350 of Encina
gymnasium. Intramurals Direc
tor Gary Ness terms it "impor
tant" and asks all managers to
attend.
There will be a meeting of the
managers of spring intramural
teams tomorrow night (Wednes
day) in room 350 of Encina
gymnasium. Intramurals Direc
tor Gary Ness terms it "impor
tant" and asks all managers to
attend.
There will be a meeting of the
managers of spring intramural
teams tomorrow night (Wednes
day) in room 350 of Encina
gymnasium. Intramurals Direc
tor Gary Ness terms it "impor
tant" and asks all managers to
attend.
There will be a meeting of the
managers of spring intramural
teams tomorrow night (Wednes
day) in room 350 of Encina
gymnasium. Intramurals Direc
tor Gary Ness terms it "impor
tant" and asks all managers to
attend.
There will be a meeting of the
managers of spring intramural
teams tomorrow night (Wednes
day) in room 350 of Encina
gymnasium. Intramurals Direc
tor Gary Ness terms it "impor
tant" and asks all managers to
attend.
There will be a meeting of the
managers of spring intramural
teams tomorrow night (Wednes
day) in room 350 of Encina
gymnasium. Intramurals Direc
tor Gary Ness terms it "impor
tant" and asks all managers to
attend.
There will be a meeting of the
managers of spring intramural
teams tomorrow night (Wednes
day) in room 350 of Encina
gymnasium. Intramurals Direc
tor Gary Ness terms it "impor
tant" and asks all managers to
attend.
There will be a meeting of the
managers of spring intramural
teams tomorrow night (Wednes
day) in room 350 of Encina
gymnasium. Intramurals Direc
tor Gary Ness terms it "impor
tant" and asks all managers to
attend.
There will be a meeting of the
managers of spring intramural
teams tomorrow night (Wednes
day) in room 350 of Encina
gymnasium. Intramurals Direc
tor Gary Ness terms it "impor
tant" and asks all managers to
attend.
