# Correction
## 
### 
In yesterday's editorial,"Fix Fix-It!"
The Daily inaccurately listed the
Fix-It Web site as http://fixit.stan
ford.com. The actual Web site is
http://fixit.stanford.edu.
In yesterday's editorial,"Fix Fix-It!"
The Daily inaccurately listed the
Fix-It Web site as http://fixit.stan
ford.com. The actual Web site is
http://fixit.stanford.edu.
In yesterday's editorial,"Fix Fix-It!"
The Daily inaccurately listed the
Fix-It Web site as http://fixit.stan
ford.com. The actual Web site is
http://fixit.stanford.edu.
In yesterday's editorial,"Fix Fix-It!"
The Daily inaccurately listed the
Fix-It Web site as http://fixit.stan
ford.com. The actual Web site is
http://fixit.stanford.edu.
In yesterday's editorial,"Fix Fix-It!"
The Daily inaccurately listed the
Fix-It Web site as http://fixit.stan
ford.com. The actual Web site is
http://fixit.stanford.edu.
In yesterday's editorial,"Fix Fix-It!"
The Daily inaccurately listed the
Fix-It Web site as http://fixit.stan
ford.com. The actual Web site is
http://fixit.stanford.edu.
