# Stanford Press Releases Byrd's Health Yearbook
## 
### 
The of the Health In
struction Yearbook by Dr. Oliver E.
Byrd, professor of health education
and director of the Stanford De
partment of Hygiene, has just been
released by the Stanford University
Press.
To compile this book, Dr. Byrd
has read through about 1,500 ar
ticles from such sources as the
Journal of the American Medical
Association, the Congressional Rec
ord, and the American Journal of
Public Health. He then selected
about 250 for presentation in brief
form, taking those which presented
new ideas of healthful living and
made a definite contribution to
medical research.
The book is divided into sections
covering fields such as fatigue and
rest, mental health, infection and
immunity, safety and family health;
it is indexed so that one may quick
ly find the latest information on
such items as smog and Vitamin U.
The book sells for $3.50.
