# CADET COLONEL
## 
### 
Rodney G. Garner has been ap
pointed cadet colonel of the Stan
ford ROTC unit. He replaces Cadet
Colonel Richard Parker who grad
uated last month, receiving a com
mission as sccond lieutenant in the
U.S. Army.
Rodney G. Garner has been ap
pointed cadet colonel of the Stan
ford ROTC unit. He replaces Cadet
Colonel Richard Parker who grad
uated last month, receiving a com
mission as sccond lieutenant in the
U.S. Army.
Rodney G. Garner has been ap
pointed cadet colonel of the Stan
ford ROTC unit. He replaces Cadet
Colonel Richard Parker who grad
uated last month, receiving a com
mission as sccond lieutenant in the
U.S. Army.
Rodney G. Garner has been ap
pointed cadet colonel of the Stan
ford ROTC unit. He replaces Cadet
Colonel Richard Parker who grad
uated last month, receiving a com
mission as sccond lieutenant in the
U.S. Army.
Rodney G. Garner has been ap
pointed cadet colonel of the Stan
ford ROTC unit. He replaces Cadet
Colonel Richard Parker who grad
uated last month, receiving a com
mission as sccond lieutenant in the
U.S. Army.
Rodney G. Garner has been ap
pointed cadet colonel of the Stan
ford ROTC unit. He replaces Cadet
Colonel Richard Parker who grad
uated last month, receiving a com
mission as sccond lieutenant in the
U.S. Army.
Rodney G. Garner has been ap
pointed cadet colonel of the Stan
ford ROTC unit. He replaces Cadet
Colonel Richard Parker who grad
uated last month, receiving a com
mission as sccond lieutenant in the
U.S. Army.
Rodney G. Garner has been ap
pointed cadet colonel of the Stan
ford ROTC unit. He replaces Cadet
Colonel Richard Parker who grad
uated last month, receiving a com
mission as sccond lieutenant in the
U.S. Army.
Rodney G. Garner has been ap
pointed cadet colonel of the Stan
ford ROTC unit. He replaces Cadet
Colonel Richard Parker who grad
uated last month, receiving a com
mission as sccond lieutenant in the
U.S. Army.
Rodney G. Garner has been ap
pointed cadet colonel of the Stan
ford ROTC unit. He replaces Cadet
Colonel Richard Parker who grad
uated last month, receiving a com
mission as sccond lieutenant in the
U.S. Army.
Rodney G. Garner has been ap
pointed cadet colonel of the Stan
ford ROTC unit. He replaces Cadet
Colonel Richard Parker who grad
uated last month, receiving a com
mission as sccond lieutenant in the
U.S. Army.
Rodney G. Garner has been ap
pointed cadet colonel of the Stan
ford ROTC unit. He replaces Cadet
Colonel Richard Parker who grad
uated last month, receiving a com
mission as sccond lieutenant in the
U.S. Army.
Rodney G. Garner has been ap
pointed cadet colonel of the Stan
ford ROTC unit. He replaces Cadet
Colonel Richard Parker who grad
uated last month, receiving a com
mission as sccond lieutenant in the
U.S. Army.
Rodney G. Garner has been ap
pointed cadet colonel of the Stan
ford ROTC unit. He replaces Cadet
Colonel Richard Parker who grad
uated last month, receiving a com
mission as sccond lieutenant in the
U.S. Army.
Rodney G. Garner has been ap
pointed cadet colonel of the Stan
ford ROTC unit. He replaces Cadet
Colonel Richard Parker who grad
uated last month, receiving a com
mission as sccond lieutenant in the
U.S. Army.
Rodney G. Garner has been ap
pointed cadet colonel of the Stan
ford ROTC unit. He replaces Cadet
Colonel Richard Parker who grad
uated last month, receiving a com
mission as sccond lieutenant in the
U.S. Army.
