# Pool Will Discuss Policy Sciences
## 
### 
Ithiel de Sola Pool, assistant pro
fessor at the Hoover Institute and
assistant director of research in the
International Studies Project, will
discuss "The Policy Sciences and
Public Administration" today at the
January meeting of the American
Society for Public Administration.
The meeting, which is open to all
interested, will be held at 4:15 p.m
in the West Memorial Library of
the Political Science Department.
The ASPA is an organization of
those interested in administration
as an academic pursuit and as a
practical art.
Pool collaborated in editing "The
Policy Sciences" (Stanford Press,
1951), a survey of recent develop
ments in social science research
methods as related to the process of
policy formulation.
