# Visiting Professor On Stanford Hour
## 
### 
Dr. Walter Edwards Beach, acting
assistant professor of economics at
Stanford University, will discuss the
"Regulatory Activities of the Se
curities Exchange Commission" in a
radio talk over KGO next Monday

I Having successfully surmounted
the difficulties presented by immi
gration regulations and the hotel
strike, George Campbell, Hortense
Spoehr and committee are rapidly
advancing their plans for the Amer
ican-Japanese Student Conference
which opens at tSanford next Sun
day.
Fifty Japanese delegates will ar
rive in San Francisco Wednesday
afternoon on the Asama Maru and,
after an offiical greeting from the
mayor, will be quartered in the
Drake-Wiltshire Hotel for the dura
tion of their four-day stay in the
city.
Bay Region Tour Planned
During this time, delegates will be
conducted on a tour of the bay re
gion, touching the University of
California at Berkeley, Mills Col
lege, and the Bal Tabarin. The trip
i sto be interspersed with lunch
eons, receptions, and teas spon
sored by the Japan Society of San
Francisco and Japanese Consul-
General Kanzo Shiozaki.
In an interview, Campbell said
yesterday that there are two fea
tures which distinguish this confer
ence from any other of its kind: first,
the conferences are planned, pro
moted, and administered by students
themselves; and second, delegates
hold their discussions behind closed
doors, free from all influence or co
ercion, permitting complete and
candid expression of opinion. This
means that no newspapermen will be
permitted to attend the round table
discussions, Campbell said.
Conferences in English
"The Japanese students are meet
ing us more than half way," Camp
bell pointed out, "for the confer
ences both here and in Japan are
condutced in English, and the papers
which the delegates must submit are
in the same language. All Japanese
students are required to take four
years of English in high school."
The conference proper will begin
with an opening ceremony in the
Memorial Theater Sunday, August
1, at 8 p.m. At this time there will
be an orchestra present to play the
Japanese and American national
anthems and the ceremony will fea
ture speeches by eminent Califor
nians.
Dr. Walter Edwards Beach, acting
assistant professor of economics at
Stanford University, will discuss the
"Regulatory Activities of the Se
curities Exchange Commission" in a
radio talk over KGO next Monday

I Having successfully surmounted
the difficulties presented by immi
gration regulations and the hotel
strike, George Campbell, Hortense
Spoehr and committee are rapidly
advancing their plans for the Amer
ican-Japanese Student Conference
which opens at tSanford next Sun
day.
Fifty Japanese delegates will ar
rive in San Francisco Wednesday
afternoon on the Asama Maru and,
after an offiical greeting from the
mayor, will be quartered in the
Drake-Wiltshire Hotel for the dura
tion of their four-day stay in the
city.
Bay Region Tour Planned
During this time, delegates will be
conducted on a tour of the bay re
gion, touching the University of
California at Berkeley, Mills Col
lege, and the Bal Tabarin. The trip
i sto be interspersed with lunch
eons, receptions, and teas spon
sored by the Japan Society of San
Francisco and Japanese Consul-
General Kanzo Shiozaki.
In an interview, Campbell said
yesterday that there are two fea
tures which distinguish this confer
ence from any other of its kind: first,
the conferences are planned, pro
moted, and administered by students
themselves; and second, delegates
hold their discussions behind closed
doors, free from all influence or co
ercion, permitting complete and
candid expression of opinion. This
means that no newspapermen will be
permitted to attend the round table
discussions, Campbell said.
Conferences in English
"The Japanese students are meet
ing us more than half way," Camp
bell pointed out, "for the confer
ences both here and in Japan are
condutced in English, and the papers
which the delegates must submit are
in the same language. All Japanese
students are required to take four
years of English in high school."
The conference proper will begin
with an opening ceremony in the
Memorial Theater Sunday, August
1, at 8 p.m. At this time there will
be an orchestra present to play the
Japanese and American national
anthems and the ceremony will fea
ture speeches by eminent Califor
nians.
Dr. Walter Edwards Beach, acting
assistant professor of economics at
Stanford University, will discuss the
"Regulatory Activities of the Se
curities Exchange Commission" in a
radio talk over KGO next Monday

I Having successfully surmounted
the difficulties presented by immi
gration regulations and the hotel
strike, George Campbell, Hortense
Spoehr and committee are rapidly
advancing their plans for the Amer
ican-Japanese Student Conference
which opens at tSanford next Sun
day.
Fifty Japanese delegates will ar
rive in San Francisco Wednesday
afternoon on the Asama Maru and,
after an offiical greeting from the
mayor, will be quartered in the
Drake-Wiltshire Hotel for the dura
tion of their four-day stay in the
city.
Bay Region Tour Planned
During this time, delegates will be
conducted on a tour of the bay re
gion, touching the University of
California at Berkeley, Mills Col
lege, and the Bal Tabarin. The trip
i sto be interspersed with lunch
eons, receptions, and teas spon
sored by the Japan Society of San
Francisco and Japanese Consul-
General Kanzo Shiozaki.
In an interview, Campbell said
yesterday that there are two fea
tures which distinguish this confer
ence from any other of its kind: first,
the conferences are planned, pro
moted, and administered by students
themselves; and second, delegates
hold their discussions behind closed
doors, free from all influence or co
ercion, permitting complete and
candid expression of opinion. This
means that no newspapermen will be
permitted to attend the round table
discussions, Campbell said.
Conferences in English
"The Japanese students are meet
ing us more than half way," Camp
bell pointed out, "for the confer
ences both here and in Japan are
condutced in English, and the papers
which the delegates must submit are
in the same language. All Japanese
students are required to take four
years of English in high school."
The conference proper will begin
with an opening ceremony in the
Memorial Theater Sunday, August
1, at 8 p.m. At this time there will
be an orchestra present to play the
Japanese and American national
anthems and the ceremony will fea
ture speeches by eminent Califor
nians.
Dr. Walter Edwards Beach, acting
assistant professor of economics at
Stanford University, will discuss the
"Regulatory Activities of the Se
curities Exchange Commission" in a
radio talk over KGO next Monday

I Having successfully surmounted
the difficulties presented by immi
gration regulations and the hotel
strike, George Campbell, Hortense
Spoehr and committee are rapidly
advancing their plans for the Amer
ican-Japanese Student Conference
which opens at tSanford next Sun
day.
Fifty Japanese delegates will ar
rive in San Francisco Wednesday
afternoon on the Asama Maru and,
after an offiical greeting from the
mayor, will be quartered in the
Drake-Wiltshire Hotel for the dura
tion of their four-day stay in the
city.
Bay Region Tour Planned
During this time, delegates will be
conducted on a tour of the bay re
gion, touching the University of
California at Berkeley, Mills Col
lege, and the Bal Tabarin. The trip
i sto be interspersed with lunch
eons, receptions, and teas spon
sored by the Japan Society of San
Francisco and Japanese Consul-
General Kanzo Shiozaki.
In an interview, Campbell said
yesterday that there are two fea
tures which distinguish this confer
ence from any other of its kind: first,
the conferences are planned, pro
moted, and administered by students
themselves; and second, delegates
hold their discussions behind closed
doors, free from all influence or co
ercion, permitting complete and
candid expression of opinion. This
means that no newspapermen will be
permitted to attend the round table
discussions, Campbell said.
Conferences in English
"The Japanese students are meet
ing us more than half way," Camp
bell pointed out, "for the confer
ences both here and in Japan are
condutced in English, and the papers
which the delegates must submit are
in the same language. All Japanese
students are required to take four
years of English in high school."
The conference proper will begin
with an opening ceremony in the
Memorial Theater Sunday, August
1, at 8 p.m. At this time there will
be an orchestra present to play the
Japanese and American national
anthems and the ceremony will fea
ture speeches by eminent Califor
nians.
Dr. Walter Edwards Beach, acting
assistant professor of economics at
Stanford University, will discuss the
"Regulatory Activities of the Se
curities Exchange Commission" in a
radio talk over KGO next Monday

I Having successfully surmounted
the difficulties presented by immi
gration regulations and the hotel
strike, George Campbell, Hortense
Spoehr and committee are rapidly
advancing their plans for the Amer
ican-Japanese Student Conference
which opens at tSanford next Sun
day.
Fifty Japanese delegates will ar
rive in San Francisco Wednesday
afternoon on the Asama Maru and,
after an offiical greeting from the
mayor, will be quartered in the
Drake-Wiltshire Hotel for the dura
tion of their four-day stay in the
city.
Bay Region Tour Planned
During this time, delegates will be
conducted on a tour of the bay re
gion, touching the University of
California at Berkeley, Mills Col
lege, and the Bal Tabarin. The trip
i sto be interspersed with lunch
eons, receptions, and teas spon
sored by the Japan Society of San
Francisco and Japanese Consul-
General Kanzo Shiozaki.
In an interview, Campbell said
yesterday that there are two fea
tures which distinguish this confer
ence from any other of its kind: first,
the conferences are planned, pro
moted, and administered by students
themselves; and second, delegates
hold their discussions behind closed
doors, free from all influence or co
ercion, permitting complete and
candid expression of opinion. This
means that no newspapermen will be
permitted to attend the round table
discussions, Campbell said.
Conferences in English
"The Japanese students are meet
ing us more than half way," Camp
bell pointed out, "for the confer
ences both here and in Japan are
condutced in English, and the papers
which the delegates must submit are
in the same language. All Japanese
students are required to take four
years of English in high school."
The conference proper will begin
with an opening ceremony in the
Memorial Theater Sunday, August
1, at 8 p.m. At this time there will
be an orchestra present to play the
Japanese and American national
anthems and the ceremony will fea
ture speeches by eminent Califor
nians.
Dr. Walter Edwards Beach, acting
assistant professor of economics at
Stanford University, will discuss the
"Regulatory Activities of the Se
curities Exchange Commission" in a
radio talk over KGO next Monday

I Having successfully surmounted
the difficulties presented by immi
gration regulations and the hotel
strike, George Campbell, Hortense
Spoehr and committee are rapidly
advancing their plans for the Amer
ican-Japanese Student Conference
which opens at tSanford next Sun
day.
Fifty Japanese delegates will ar
rive in San Francisco Wednesday
afternoon on the Asama Maru and,
after an offiical greeting from the
mayor, will be quartered in the
Drake-Wiltshire Hotel for the dura
tion of their four-day stay in the
city.
Bay Region Tour Planned
During this time, delegates will be
conducted on a tour of the bay re
gion, touching the University of
California at Berkeley, Mills Col
lege, and the Bal Tabarin. The trip
i sto be interspersed with lunch
eons, receptions, and teas spon
sored by the Japan Society of San
Francisco and Japanese Consul-
General Kanzo Shiozaki.
In an interview, Campbell said
yesterday that there are two fea
tures which distinguish this confer
ence from any other of its kind: first,
the conferences are planned, pro
moted, and administered by students
themselves; and second, delegates
hold their discussions behind closed
doors, free from all influence or co
ercion, permitting complete and
candid expression of opinion. This
means that no newspapermen will be
permitted to attend the round table
discussions, Campbell said.
Conferences in English
"The Japanese students are meet
ing us more than half way," Camp
bell pointed out, "for the confer
ences both here and in Japan are
condutced in English, and the papers
which the delegates must submit are
in the same language. All Japanese
students are required to take four
years of English in high school."
The conference proper will begin
with an opening ceremony in the
Memorial Theater Sunday, August
1, at 8 p.m. At this time there will
be an orchestra present to play the
Japanese and American national
anthems and the ceremony will fea
ture speeches by eminent Califor
nians.
Dr. Walter Edwards Beach, acting
assistant professor of economics at
Stanford University, will discuss the
"Regulatory Activities of the Se
curities Exchange Commission" in a
radio talk over KGO next Monday

I Having successfully surmounted
the difficulties presented by immi
gration regulations and the hotel
strike, George Campbell, Hortense
Spoehr and committee are rapidly
advancing their plans for the Amer
ican-Japanese Student Conference
which opens at tSanford next Sun
day.
Fifty Japanese delegates will ar
rive in San Francisco Wednesday
afternoon on the Asama Maru and,
after an offiical greeting from the
mayor, will be quartered in the
Drake-Wiltshire Hotel for the dura
tion of their four-day stay in the
city.
Bay Region Tour Planned
During this time, delegates will be
conducted on a tour of the bay re
gion, touching the University of
California at Berkeley, Mills Col
lege, and the Bal Tabarin. The trip
i sto be interspersed with lunch
eons, receptions, and teas spon
sored by the Japan Society of San
Francisco and Japanese Consul-
General Kanzo Shiozaki.
In an interview, Campbell said
yesterday that there are two fea
tures which distinguish this confer
ence from any other of its kind: first,
the conferences are planned, pro
moted, and administered by students
themselves; and second, delegates
hold their discussions behind closed
doors, free from all influence or co
ercion, permitting complete and
candid expression of opinion. This
means that no newspapermen will be
permitted to attend the round table
discussions, Campbell said.
Conferences in English
"The Japanese students are meet
ing us more than half way," Camp
bell pointed out, "for the confer
ences both here and in Japan are
condutced in English, and the papers
which the delegates must submit are
in the same language. All Japanese
students are required to take four
years of English in high school."
The conference proper will begin
with an opening ceremony in the
Memorial Theater Sunday, August
1, at 8 p.m. At this time there will
be an orchestra present to play the
Japanese and American national
anthems and the ceremony will fea
ture speeches by eminent Califor
nians.
Dr. Walter Edwards Beach, acting
assistant professor of economics at
Stanford University, will discuss the
"Regulatory Activities of the Se
curities Exchange Commission" in a
radio talk over KGO next Monday

I Having successfully surmounted
the difficulties presented by immi
gration regulations and the hotel
strike, George Campbell, Hortense
Spoehr and committee are rapidly
advancing their plans for the Amer
ican-Japanese Student Conference
which opens at tSanford next Sun
day.
Fifty Japanese delegates will ar
rive in San Francisco Wednesday
afternoon on the Asama Maru and,
after an offiical greeting from the
mayor, will be quartered in the
Drake-Wiltshire Hotel for the dura
tion of their four-day stay in the
city.
Bay Region Tour Planned
During this time, delegates will be
conducted on a tour of the bay re
gion, touching the University of
California at Berkeley, Mills Col
lege, and the Bal Tabarin. The trip
i sto be interspersed with lunch
eons, receptions, and teas spon
sored by the Japan Society of San
Francisco and Japanese Consul-
General Kanzo Shiozaki.
In an interview, Campbell said
yesterday that there are two fea
tures which distinguish this confer
ence from any other of its kind: first,
the conferences are planned, pro
moted, and administered by students
themselves; and second, delegates
hold their discussions behind closed
doors, free from all influence or co
ercion, permitting complete and
candid expression of opinion. This
means that no newspapermen will be
permitted to attend the round table
discussions, Campbell said.
Conferences in English
"The Japanese students are meet
ing us more than half way," Camp
bell pointed out, "for the confer
ences both here and in Japan are
condutced in English, and the papers
which the delegates must submit are
in the same language. All Japanese
students are required to take four
years of English in high school."
The conference proper will begin
with an opening ceremony in the
Memorial Theater Sunday, August
1, at 8 p.m. At this time there will
be an orchestra present to play the
Japanese and American national
anthems and the ceremony will fea
ture speeches by eminent Califor
nians.
Dr. Walter Edwards Beach, acting
assistant professor of economics at
Stanford University, will discuss the
"Regulatory Activities of the Se
curities Exchange Commission" in a
radio talk over KGO next Monday

I Having successfully surmounted
the difficulties presented by immi
gration regulations and the hotel
strike, George Campbell, Hortense
Spoehr and committee are rapidly
advancing their plans for the Amer
ican-Japanese Student Conference
which opens at tSanford next Sun
day.
Fifty Japanese delegates will ar
rive in San Francisco Wednesday
afternoon on the Asama Maru and,
after an offiical greeting from the
mayor, will be quartered in the
Drake-Wiltshire Hotel for the dura
tion of their four-day stay in the
city.
Bay Region Tour Planned
During this time, delegates will be
conducted on a tour of the bay re
gion, touching the University of
California at Berkeley, Mills Col
lege, and the Bal Tabarin. The trip
i sto be interspersed with lunch
eons, receptions, and teas spon
sored by the Japan Society of San
Francisco and Japanese Consul-
General Kanzo Shiozaki.
In an interview, Campbell said
yesterday that there are two fea
tures which distinguish this confer
ence from any other of its kind: first,
the conferences are planned, pro
moted, and administered by students
themselves; and second, delegates
hold their discussions behind closed
doors, free from all influence or co
ercion, permitting complete and
candid expression of opinion. This
means that no newspapermen will be
permitted to attend the round table
discussions, Campbell said.
Conferences in English
"The Japanese students are meet
ing us more than half way," Camp
bell pointed out, "for the confer
ences both here and in Japan are
condutced in English, and the papers
which the delegates must submit are
in the same language. All Japanese
students are required to take four
years of English in high school."
The conference proper will begin
with an opening ceremony in the
Memorial Theater Sunday, August
1, at 8 p.m. At this time there will
be an orchestra present to play the
Japanese and American national
anthems and the ceremony will fea
ture speeches by eminent Califor
nians.
Dr. Walter Edwards Beach, acting
assistant professor of economics at
Stanford University, will discuss the
"Regulatory Activities of the Se
curities Exchange Commission" in a
radio talk over KGO next Monday

I Having successfully surmounted
the difficulties presented by immi
gration regulations and the hotel
strike, George Campbell, Hortense
Spoehr and committee are rapidly
advancing their plans for the Amer
ican-Japanese Student Conference
which opens at tSanford next Sun
day.
Fifty Japanese delegates will ar
rive in San Francisco Wednesday
afternoon on the Asama Maru and,
after an offiical greeting from the
mayor, will be quartered in the
Drake-Wiltshire Hotel for the dura
tion of their four-day stay in the
city.
Bay Region Tour Planned
During this time, delegates will be
conducted on a tour of the bay re
gion, touching the University of
California at Berkeley, Mills Col
lege, and the Bal Tabarin. The trip
i sto be interspersed with lunch
eons, receptions, and teas spon
sored by the Japan Society of San
Francisco and Japanese Consul-
General Kanzo Shiozaki.
In an interview, Campbell said
yesterday that there are two fea
tures which distinguish this confer
ence from any other of its kind: first,
the conferences are planned, pro
moted, and administered by students
themselves; and second, delegates
hold their discussions behind closed
doors, free from all influence or co
ercion, permitting complete and
candid expression of opinion. This
means that no newspapermen will be
permitted to attend the round table
discussions, Campbell said.
Conferences in English
"The Japanese students are meet
ing us more than half way," Camp
bell pointed out, "for the confer
ences both here and in Japan are
condutced in English, and the papers
which the delegates must submit are
in the same language. All Japanese
students are required to take four
years of English in high school."
The conference proper will begin
with an opening ceremony in the
Memorial Theater Sunday, August
1, at 8 p.m. At this time there will
be an orchestra present to play the
Japanese and American national
anthems and the ceremony will fea
ture speeches by eminent Califor
nians.
Dr. Walter Edwards Beach, acting
assistant professor of economics at
Stanford University, will discuss the
"Regulatory Activities of the Se
curities Exchange Commission" in a
radio talk over KGO next Monday

I Having successfully surmounted
the difficulties presented by immi
gration regulations and the hotel
strike, George Campbell, Hortense
Spoehr and committee are rapidly
advancing their plans for the Amer
ican-Japanese Student Conference
which opens at tSanford next Sun
day.
Fifty Japanese delegates will ar
rive in San Francisco Wednesday
afternoon on the Asama Maru and,
after an offiical greeting from the
mayor, will be quartered in the
Drake-Wiltshire Hotel for the dura
tion of their four-day stay in the
city.
Bay Region Tour Planned
During this time, delegates will be
conducted on a tour of the bay re
gion, touching the University of
California at Berkeley, Mills Col
lege, and the Bal Tabarin. The trip
i sto be interspersed with lunch
eons, receptions, and teas spon
sored by the Japan Society of San
Francisco and Japanese Consul-
General Kanzo Shiozaki.
In an interview, Campbell said
yesterday that there are two fea
tures which distinguish this confer
ence from any other of its kind: first,
the conferences are planned, pro
moted, and administered by students
themselves; and second, delegates
hold their discussions behind closed
doors, free from all influence or co
ercion, permitting complete and
candid expression of opinion. This
means that no newspapermen will be
permitted to attend the round table
discussions, Campbell said.
Conferences in English
"The Japanese students are meet
ing us more than half way," Camp
bell pointed out, "for the confer
ences both here and in Japan are
condutced in English, and the papers
which the delegates must submit are
in the same language. All Japanese
students are required to take four
years of English in high school."
The conference proper will begin
with an opening ceremony in the
Memorial Theater Sunday, August
1, at 8 p.m. At this time there will
be an orchestra present to play the
Japanese and American national
anthems and the ceremony will fea
ture speeches by eminent Califor
nians.
Dr. Walter Edwards Beach, acting
assistant professor of economics at
Stanford University, will discuss the
"Regulatory Activities of the Se
curities Exchange Commission" in a
radio talk over KGO next Monday

I Having successfully surmounted
the difficulties presented by immi
gration regulations and the hotel
strike, George Campbell, Hortense
Spoehr and committee are rapidly
advancing their plans for the Amer
ican-Japanese Student Conference
which opens at tSanford next Sun
day.
Fifty Japanese delegates will ar
rive in San Francisco Wednesday
afternoon on the Asama Maru and,
after an offiical greeting from the
mayor, will be quartered in the
Drake-Wiltshire Hotel for the dura
tion of their four-day stay in the
city.
Bay Region Tour Planned
During this time, delegates will be
conducted on a tour of the bay re
gion, touching the University of
California at Berkeley, Mills Col
lege, and the Bal Tabarin. The trip
i sto be interspersed with lunch
eons, receptions, and teas spon
sored by the Japan Society of San
Francisco and Japanese Consul-
General Kanzo Shiozaki.
In an interview, Campbell said
yesterday that there are two fea
tures which distinguish this confer
ence from any other of its kind: first,
the conferences are planned, pro
moted, and administered by students
themselves; and second, delegates
hold their discussions behind closed
doors, free from all influence or co
ercion, permitting complete and
candid expression of opinion. This
means that no newspapermen will be
permitted to attend the round table
discussions, Campbell said.
Conferences in English
"The Japanese students are meet
ing us more than half way," Camp
bell pointed out, "for the confer
ences both here and in Japan are
condutced in English, and the papers
which the delegates must submit are
in the same language. All Japanese
students are required to take four
years of English in high school."
The conference proper will begin
with an opening ceremony in the
Memorial Theater Sunday, August
1, at 8 p.m. At this time there will
be an orchestra present to play the
Japanese and American national
anthems and the ceremony will fea
ture speeches by eminent Califor
nians.
Dr. Walter Edwards Beach, acting
assistant professor of economics at
Stanford University, will discuss the
"Regulatory Activities of the Se
curities Exchange Commission" in a
radio talk over KGO next Monday

I Having successfully surmounted
the difficulties presented by immi
gration regulations and the hotel
strike, George Campbell, Hortense
Spoehr and committee are rapidly
advancing their plans for the Amer
ican-Japanese Student Conference
which opens at tSanford next Sun
day.
Fifty Japanese delegates will ar
rive in San Francisco Wednesday
afternoon on the Asama Maru and,
after an offiical greeting from the
mayor, will be quartered in the
Drake-Wiltshire Hotel for the dura
tion of their four-day stay in the
city.
Bay Region Tour Planned
During this time, delegates will be
conducted on a tour of the bay re
gion, touching the University of
California at Berkeley, Mills Col
lege, and the Bal Tabarin. The trip
i sto be interspersed with lunch
eons, receptions, and teas spon
sored by the Japan Society of San
Francisco and Japanese Consul-
General Kanzo Shiozaki.
In an interview, Campbell said
yesterday that there are two fea
tures which distinguish this confer
ence from any other of its kind: first,
the conferences are planned, pro
moted, and administered by students
themselves; and second, delegates
hold their discussions behind closed
doors, free from all influence or co
ercion, permitting complete and
candid expression of opinion. This
means that no newspapermen will be
permitted to attend the round table
discussions, Campbell said.
Conferences in English
"The Japanese students are meet
ing us more than half way," Camp
bell pointed out, "for the confer
ences both here and in Japan are
condutced in English, and the papers
which the delegates must submit are
in the same language. All Japanese
students are required to take four
years of English in high school."
The conference proper will begin
with an opening ceremony in the
Memorial Theater Sunday, August
1, at 8 p.m. At this time there will
be an orchestra present to play the
Japanese and American national
anthems and the ceremony will fea
ture speeches by eminent Califor
nians.
Dr. Walter Edwards Beach, acting
assistant professor of economics at
Stanford University, will discuss the
"Regulatory Activities of the Se
curities Exchange Commission" in a
radio talk over KGO next Monday

I Having successfully surmounted
the difficulties presented by immi
gration regulations and the hotel
strike, George Campbell, Hortense
Spoehr and committee are rapidly
advancing their plans for the Amer
ican-Japanese Student Conference
which opens at tSanford next Sun
day.
Fifty Japanese delegates will ar
rive in San Francisco Wednesday
afternoon on the Asama Maru and,
after an offiical greeting from the
mayor, will be quartered in the
Drake-Wiltshire Hotel for the dura
tion of their four-day stay in the
city.
Bay Region Tour Planned
During this time, delegates will be
conducted on a tour of the bay re
gion, touching the University of
California at Berkeley, Mills Col
lege, and the Bal Tabarin. The trip
i sto be interspersed with lunch
eons, receptions, and teas spon
sored by the Japan Society of San
Francisco and Japanese Consul-
General Kanzo Shiozaki.
In an interview, Campbell said
yesterday that there are two fea
tures which distinguish this confer
ence from any other of its kind: first,
the conferences are planned, pro
moted, and administered by students
themselves; and second, delegates
hold their discussions behind closed
doors, free from all influence or co
ercion, permitting complete and
candid expression of opinion. This
means that no newspapermen will be
permitted to attend the round table
discussions, Campbell said.
Conferences in English
"The Japanese students are meet
ing us more than half way," Camp
bell pointed out, "for the confer
ences both here and in Japan are
condutced in English, and the papers
which the delegates must submit are
in the same language. All Japanese
students are required to take four
years of English in high school."
The conference proper will begin
with an opening ceremony in the
Memorial Theater Sunday, August
1, at 8 p.m. At this time there will
be an orchestra present to play the
Japanese and American national
anthems and the ceremony will fea
ture speeches by eminent Califor
nians.
Dr. Walter Edwards Beach, acting
assistant professor of economics at
Stanford University, will discuss the
"Regulatory Activities of the Se
curities Exchange Commission" in a
radio talk over KGO next Monday

I Having successfully surmounted
the difficulties presented by immi
gration regulations and the hotel
strike, George Campbell, Hortense
Spoehr and committee are rapidly
advancing their plans for the Amer
ican-Japanese Student Conference
which opens at tSanford next Sun
day.
Fifty Japanese delegates will ar
rive in San Francisco Wednesday
afternoon on the Asama Maru and,
after an offiical greeting from the
mayor, will be quartered in the
Drake-Wiltshire Hotel for the dura
tion of their four-day stay in the
city.
Bay Region Tour Planned
During this time, delegates will be
conducted on a tour of the bay re
gion, touching the University of
California at Berkeley, Mills Col
lege, and the Bal Tabarin. The trip
i sto be interspersed with lunch
eons, receptions, and teas spon
sored by the Japan Society of San
Francisco and Japanese Consul-
General Kanzo Shiozaki.
In an interview, Campbell said
yesterday that there are two fea
tures which distinguish this confer
ence from any other of its kind: first,
the conferences are planned, pro
moted, and administered by students
themselves; and second, delegates
hold their discussions behind closed
doors, free from all influence or co
ercion, permitting complete and
candid expression of opinion. This
means that no newspapermen will be
permitted to attend the round table
discussions, Campbell said.
Conferences in English
"The Japanese students are meet
ing us more than half way," Camp
bell pointed out, "for the confer
ences both here and in Japan are
condutced in English, and the papers
which the delegates must submit are
in the same language. All Japanese
students are required to take four
years of English in high school."
The conference proper will begin
with an opening ceremony in the
Memorial Theater Sunday, August
1, at 8 p.m. At this time there will
be an orchestra present to play the
Japanese and American national
anthems and the ceremony will fea
ture speeches by eminent Califor
nians.
