# News Publishers To Convene Here
## 
### 
Beginning September 17 under
joint arrangement of the C.N.P.A.
and the journalism department of
Stanford, the second biennial con
ference of the California Newspaper
Publishers' Association will be held
on the campus for three days.
Invitations will be issued to pub
lishers and representatives of all
newspaper departments. Professor
Chilton R. Bush, head of the jour
nalism department, will act as host
and have charge of all details and
activities for the university. The
program for the business sessions
has not yet been mapped. It is ex
pected, however, that photography
and the Guild closed shop will come
up for discussion.
Beginning September 17 under
joint arrangement of the C.N.P.A.
and the journalism department of
Stanford, the second biennial con
ference of the California Newspaper
Publishers' Association will be held
on the campus for three days.
Invitations will be issued to pub
lishers and representatives of all
newspaper departments. Professor
Chilton R. Bush, head of the jour
nalism department, will act as host
and have charge of all details and
activities for the university. The
program for the business sessions
has not yet been mapped. It is ex
pected, however, that photography
and the Guild closed shop will come
up for discussion.
Beginning September 17 under
joint arrangement of the C.N.P.A.
and the journalism department of
Stanford, the second biennial con
ference of the California Newspaper
Publishers' Association will be held
on the campus for three days.
Invitations will be issued to pub
lishers and representatives of all
newspaper departments. Professor
Chilton R. Bush, head of the jour
nalism department, will act as host
and have charge of all details and
activities for the university. The
program for the business sessions
has not yet been mapped. It is ex
pected, however, that photography
and the Guild closed shop will come
up for discussion.
Beginning September 17 under
joint arrangement of the C.N.P.A.
and the journalism department of
Stanford, the second biennial con
ference of the California Newspaper
Publishers' Association will be held
on the campus for three days.
Invitations will be issued to pub
lishers and representatives of all
newspaper departments. Professor
Chilton R. Bush, head of the jour
nalism department, will act as host
and have charge of all details and
activities for the university. The
program for the business sessions
has not yet been mapped. It is ex
pected, however, that photography
and the Guild closed shop will come
up for discussion.
Beginning September 17 under
joint arrangement of the C.N.P.A.
and the journalism department of
Stanford, the second biennial con
ference of the California Newspaper
Publishers' Association will be held
on the campus for three days.
Invitations will be issued to pub
lishers and representatives of all
newspaper departments. Professor
Chilton R. Bush, head of the jour
nalism department, will act as host
and have charge of all details and
activities for the university. The
program for the business sessions
has not yet been mapped. It is ex
pected, however, that photography
and the Guild closed shop will come
up for discussion.
Beginning September 17 under
joint arrangement of the C.N.P.A.
and the journalism department of
Stanford, the second biennial con
ference of the California Newspaper
Publishers' Association will be held
on the campus for three days.
Invitations will be issued to pub
lishers and representatives of all
newspaper departments. Professor
Chilton R. Bush, head of the jour
nalism department, will act as host
and have charge of all details and
activities for the university. The
program for the business sessions
has not yet been mapped. It is ex
pected, however, that photography
and the Guild closed shop will come
up for discussion.
Beginning September 17 under
joint arrangement of the C.N.P.A.
and the journalism department of
Stanford, the second biennial con
ference of the California Newspaper
Publishers' Association will be held
on the campus for three days.
Invitations will be issued to pub
lishers and representatives of all
newspaper departments. Professor
Chilton R. Bush, head of the jour
nalism department, will act as host
and have charge of all details and
activities for the university. The
program for the business sessions
has not yet been mapped. It is ex
pected, however, that photography
and the Guild closed shop will come
up for discussion.
Beginning September 17 under
joint arrangement of the C.N.P.A.
and the journalism department of
Stanford, the second biennial con
ference of the California Newspaper
Publishers' Association will be held
on the campus for three days.
Invitations will be issued to pub
lishers and representatives of all
newspaper departments. Professor
Chilton R. Bush, head of the jour
nalism department, will act as host
and have charge of all details and
activities for the university. The
program for the business sessions
has not yet been mapped. It is ex
pected, however, that photography
and the Guild closed shop will come
up for discussion.
Beginning September 17 under
joint arrangement of the C.N.P.A.
and the journalism department of
Stanford, the second biennial con
ference of the California Newspaper
Publishers' Association will be held
on the campus for three days.
Invitations will be issued to pub
lishers and representatives of all
newspaper departments. Professor
Chilton R. Bush, head of the jour
nalism department, will act as host
and have charge of all details and
activities for the university. The
program for the business sessions
has not yet been mapped. It is ex
pected, however, that photography
and the Guild closed shop will come
up for discussion.
Beginning September 17 under
joint arrangement of the C.N.P.A.
and the journalism department of
Stanford, the second biennial con
ference of the California Newspaper
Publishers' Association will be held
on the campus for three days.
Invitations will be issued to pub
lishers and representatives of all
newspaper departments. Professor
Chilton R. Bush, head of the jour
nalism department, will act as host
and have charge of all details and
activities for the university. The
program for the business sessions
has not yet been mapped. It is ex
pected, however, that photography
and the Guild closed shop will come
up for discussion.
Beginning September 17 under
joint arrangement of the C.N.P.A.
and the journalism department of
Stanford, the second biennial con
ference of the California Newspaper
Publishers' Association will be held
on the campus for three days.
Invitations will be issued to pub
lishers and representatives of all
newspaper departments. Professor
Chilton R. Bush, head of the jour
nalism department, will act as host
and have charge of all details and
activities for the university. The
program for the business sessions
has not yet been mapped. It is ex
pected, however, that photography
and the Guild closed shop will come
up for discussion.
Beginning September 17 under
joint arrangement of the C.N.P.A.
and the journalism department of
Stanford, the second biennial con
ference of the California Newspaper
Publishers' Association will be held
on the campus for three days.
Invitations will be issued to pub
lishers and representatives of all
newspaper departments. Professor
Chilton R. Bush, head of the jour
nalism department, will act as host
and have charge of all details and
activities for the university. The
program for the business sessions
has not yet been mapped. It is ex
pected, however, that photography
and the Guild closed shop will come
up for discussion.
Beginning September 17 under
joint arrangement of the C.N.P.A.
and the journalism department of
Stanford, the second biennial con
ference of the California Newspaper
Publishers' Association will be held
on the campus for three days.
Invitations will be issued to pub
lishers and representatives of all
newspaper departments. Professor
Chilton R. Bush, head of the jour
nalism department, will act as host
and have charge of all details and
activities for the university. The
program for the business sessions
has not yet been mapped. It is ex
pected, however, that photography
and the Guild closed shop will come
up for discussion.
Beginning September 17 under
joint arrangement of the C.N.P.A.
and the journalism department of
Stanford, the second biennial con
ference of the California Newspaper
Publishers' Association will be held
on the campus for three days.
Invitations will be issued to pub
lishers and representatives of all
newspaper departments. Professor
Chilton R. Bush, head of the jour
nalism department, will act as host
and have charge of all details and
activities for the university. The
program for the business sessions
has not yet been mapped. It is ex
pected, however, that photography
and the Guild closed shop will come
up for discussion.
Beginning September 17 under
joint arrangement of the C.N.P.A.
and the journalism department of
Stanford, the second biennial con
ference of the California Newspaper
Publishers' Association will be held
on the campus for three days.
Invitations will be issued to pub
lishers and representatives of all
newspaper departments. Professor
Chilton R. Bush, head of the jour
nalism department, will act as host
and have charge of all details and
activities for the university. The
program for the business sessions
has not yet been mapped. It is ex
pected, however, that photography
and the Guild closed shop will come
up for discussion.
