# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—The football coach at Harvard
Hays: "Pierce the line fiercely."
At Yale the coach says: "Get
through there, you lobster; dig in
with your toes; tear 'em up, or get
off the field."
—The football coach at Harvard
Hays: "Pierce the line fiercely."
At Yale the coach says: "Get
through there, you lobster; dig in
with your toes; tear 'em up, or get
off the field."
—The football coach at Harvard
Hays: "Pierce the line fiercely."
At Yale the coach says: "Get
through there, you lobster; dig in
with your toes; tear 'em up, or get
off the field."
—The football coach at Harvard
Hays: "Pierce the line fiercely."
At Yale the coach says: "Get
through there, you lobster; dig in
with your toes; tear 'em up, or get
off the field."
—The football coach at Harvard
Hays: "Pierce the line fiercely."
At Yale the coach says: "Get
through there, you lobster; dig in
with your toes; tear 'em up, or get
off the field."
—The football coach at Harvard
Hays: "Pierce the line fiercely."
At Yale the coach says: "Get
through there, you lobster; dig in
with your toes; tear 'em up, or get
off the field."
—The football coach at Harvard
Hays: "Pierce the line fiercely."
At Yale the coach says: "Get
through there, you lobster; dig in
with your toes; tear 'em up, or get
off the field."
—The football coach at Harvard
Hays: "Pierce the line fiercely."
At Yale the coach says: "Get
through there, you lobster; dig in
with your toes; tear 'em up, or get
off the field."
