# Mexican opposition leader on U.S. relations:
## Democracy needed for friendship 
### Mónica Carpio 
"I have come to the United
States to convey to you . . .
[that] only a democratic
Mexican government can build
with the United States a proud
and long-lasting friendship,"
said Cuauht£moc Cardenas in
his address at Cubberley Audi
torium Friday night.
Cardenas, leader of the new
Partido de la Revolucion
Democr6tica, is the leading rep
resentative of the democratic
movement in Mexican politics.
As opposition candidate in the
1988 elections, he challenged
the 59-year monopoly of the
ruling party, the Partido
Revolucionario Institucional, by
winning Mexico City and several
key states.
In his speech, Cardenas talked
about issues related to the
Mexican government's new ap
proach to its current relation
ship with the United States, a
relationship which he said has
been "based on wrong assump
tions." CArdenas criticized the
Mexican government for assum
ing a "subordinate position."
This "ill-conceived" relation
ship, he said, "could cause ten
sions in the future."
The Mexican government's

stance toward the United States
is harmful to the Mexican
people, Cardenas said.
For example, the United
States' drug policy is based on
the false premise that the drug
producers in underdeveloped
countries such as Mexico are re
sponsible for the drug
consumption in the United
States. This attitude, he said,
has also damaged countries like
Colombia.
He mentioned the inability of
the Mexican government to
defend the rights of Mexicans
legally or illegally working in
the United States. He said that
the human and labor rights of
the Mexican workers in the
United States are one of the
lowest priorities in the Mexican
negotiating agenda with the
United States.
"Never in the past has
Mexican migration policy been
more insensitive," he said. He
proposed the need for special
agreements to improve health
services, education and the
protection of the Spanish lan
guage, and even give the right
to Mexicans living in the United
States to vote in Mexican elec
tions.
C&rdenas said that moder
nization efforts and economic

integration with the United
States have been misguided, re
sulting in a concentration of
wealth in the hands of a small
segment of the Mexican popula
tion.
He said the goal of labor in
tegration should be to increase
wages. He mentioned the ma
quiladora factories near the
Texas-Mexico border as an
example of the exploitation of
Mexican labor by U.S. compan
ies.
Before becoming the leader of
Mexico's opposition party,
C&rdenas was governor of the
state of Michoac6n under the
ruling party. In 1987, however,
he left the ruling party after
having attempted, and failed, to
democratize the party's method
of selecting presidential candi
dates. Last year's election was
historic because it was the first
time that the ruling party did
not win the majority of seats in
Congress.
"I come to convey," C6rdenas
said, "a message of friendship,
fairness and dignity in our re
lationship, and to convince (our
compatriots living in California
and in other parts of the United
Statesl that the democratic
struggle in Mexico is also their
responsibility."


Damian MarhefVa — Daily
Cuauhtemoc Cardenas, the leader of Mexico's opposition party, shakes the hand of a worker
at Webb Ranch during his recent visit to Stanford, which aiso included a speech in Cubberley
Auditorium Friday night.
