# Organ Recital to Be Given In Memorial Church Today
## 
### 
Warren D. Allen, university organ
ist, will give an organ recital this
afternoon at 4:15 o'clock in the Me
morial Church. The program will
consist of selected numbers from the
first two recitals.

The University of Illinois summer
session has an enrollment of 1,470
undergraduates and 580 graduates,
bringing the total enrollment to the
2,050 mark, nine more than were en
rolled last year.
Warren D. Allen, university organ
ist, will give an organ recital this
afternoon at 4:15 o'clock in the Me
morial Church. The program will
consist of selected numbers from the
first two recitals.

The University of Illinois summer
session has an enrollment of 1,470
undergraduates and 580 graduates,
bringing the total enrollment to the
2,050 mark, nine more than were en
rolled last year.
Warren D. Allen, university organ
ist, will give an organ recital this
afternoon at 4:15 o'clock in the Me
morial Church. The program will
consist of selected numbers from the
first two recitals.

The University of Illinois summer
session has an enrollment of 1,470
undergraduates and 580 graduates,
bringing the total enrollment to the
2,050 mark, nine more than were en
rolled last year.
Warren D. Allen, university organ
ist, will give an organ recital this
afternoon at 4:15 o'clock in the Me
morial Church. The program will
consist of selected numbers from the
first two recitals.

The University of Illinois summer
session has an enrollment of 1,470
undergraduates and 580 graduates,
bringing the total enrollment to the
2,050 mark, nine more than were en
rolled last year.
Warren D. Allen, university organ
ist, will give an organ recital this
afternoon at 4:15 o'clock in the Me
morial Church. The program will
consist of selected numbers from the
first two recitals.

The University of Illinois summer
session has an enrollment of 1,470
undergraduates and 580 graduates,
bringing the total enrollment to the
2,050 mark, nine more than were en
rolled last year.
Warren D. Allen, university organ
ist, will give an organ recital this
afternoon at 4:15 o'clock in the Me
morial Church. The program will
consist of selected numbers from the
first two recitals.

The University of Illinois summer
session has an enrollment of 1,470
undergraduates and 580 graduates,
bringing the total enrollment to the
2,050 mark, nine more than were en
rolled last year.
Warren D. Allen, university organ
ist, will give an organ recital this
afternoon at 4:15 o'clock in the Me
morial Church. The program will
consist of selected numbers from the
first two recitals.

The University of Illinois summer
session has an enrollment of 1,470
undergraduates and 580 graduates,
bringing the total enrollment to the
2,050 mark, nine more than were en
rolled last year.
Warren D. Allen, university organ
ist, will give an organ recital this
afternoon at 4:15 o'clock in the Me
morial Church. The program will
consist of selected numbers from the
first two recitals.

The University of Illinois summer
session has an enrollment of 1,470
undergraduates and 580 graduates,
bringing the total enrollment to the
2,050 mark, nine more than were en
rolled last year.
Warren D. Allen, university organ
ist, will give an organ recital this
afternoon at 4:15 o'clock in the Me
morial Church. The program will
consist of selected numbers from the
first two recitals.

The University of Illinois summer
session has an enrollment of 1,470
undergraduates and 580 graduates,
bringing the total enrollment to the
2,050 mark, nine more than were en
rolled last year.
Warren D. Allen, university organ
ist, will give an organ recital this
afternoon at 4:15 o'clock in the Me
morial Church. The program will
consist of selected numbers from the
first two recitals.

The University of Illinois summer
session has an enrollment of 1,470
undergraduates and 580 graduates,
bringing the total enrollment to the
2,050 mark, nine more than were en
rolled last year.
Warren D. Allen, university organ
ist, will give an organ recital this
afternoon at 4:15 o'clock in the Me
morial Church. The program will
consist of selected numbers from the
first two recitals.

The University of Illinois summer
session has an enrollment of 1,470
undergraduates and 580 graduates,
bringing the total enrollment to the
2,050 mark, nine more than were en
rolled last year.
Warren D. Allen, university organ
ist, will give an organ recital this
afternoon at 4:15 o'clock in the Me
morial Church. The program will
consist of selected numbers from the
first two recitals.

The University of Illinois summer
session has an enrollment of 1,470
undergraduates and 580 graduates,
bringing the total enrollment to the
2,050 mark, nine more than were en
rolled last year.
Warren D. Allen, university organ
ist, will give an organ recital this
afternoon at 4:15 o'clock in the Me
morial Church. The program will
consist of selected numbers from the
first two recitals.

The University of Illinois summer
session has an enrollment of 1,470
undergraduates and 580 graduates,
bringing the total enrollment to the
2,050 mark, nine more than were en
rolled last year.
Warren D. Allen, university organ
ist, will give an organ recital this
afternoon at 4:15 o'clock in the Me
morial Church. The program will
consist of selected numbers from the
first two recitals.

The University of Illinois summer
session has an enrollment of 1,470
undergraduates and 580 graduates,
bringing the total enrollment to the
2,050 mark, nine more than were en
rolled last year.
Warren D. Allen, university organ
ist, will give an organ recital this
afternoon at 4:15 o'clock in the Me
morial Church. The program will
consist of selected numbers from the
first two recitals.

The University of Illinois summer
session has an enrollment of 1,470
undergraduates and 580 graduates,
bringing the total enrollment to the
2,050 mark, nine more than were en
rolled last year.
Warren D. Allen, university organ
ist, will give an organ recital this
afternoon at 4:15 o'clock in the Me
morial Church. The program will
consist of selected numbers from the
first two recitals.

The University of Illinois summer
session has an enrollment of 1,470
undergraduates and 580 graduates,
bringing the total enrollment to the
2,050 mark, nine more than were en
rolled last year.
