# COATES PRESENTS MODERN PROGRAM AT HILLSBOROUGH
## 
### Horace Bristol 
Contrasted with the classic lines of
the newly renovated Woodland
Theater, the program chosen by Al
bert Coates for his Pacific Coast de
but at the Sunday afternoon Hills
borough concert was predominantly
modern, although not modernistic.
Presenting for the first time in the
Woodland amphitheater the Vaughan
Williams' "London Symphony," Coates
devoted the first half of his program
to the five movements of this remark
able symphony, which has become
sensationally popular with symphony
audiences since its composition al
most ten years ago.
Albert Coates, who is guest con
ductor of the San Francisco Sym
phony for two programs this summer,
is English. His introduction of this
"London Symphony" to a California
audience was well received. Sur

rounded by natural woodland setting,
von Weber's "Overture" to "Oberon'
seemed especially appropriate. Two
movements from ltimsky-Korsakaw
suite, taken from his "Le Coq d'Or,"
and the overture-fantasia "Romeo and
Juliet" by Tschaikowsy completed his
program for the afternoon. The same
group of numbers will be given in
San Francisco on Tuesday night.
Many Stanford students were in the
audience Sunday, which was the first
concert of the season. Officers of the
San Mateo Philharmonic Society hope
to fill the theater at future events,
and are depending on a large attend
ance from the Stanford music lovers.
The amphitheater has been newly
decorated, and a canopy now shades
the greater part of the theater. Next
Sunday, at 3 o'clock, Albert Coates
will direct the symphony for the last
time this season.
Contrasted with the classic lines of
the newly renovated Woodland
Theater, the program chosen by Al
bert Coates for his Pacific Coast de
but at the Sunday afternoon Hills
borough concert was predominantly
modern, although not modernistic.
Presenting for the first time in the
Woodland amphitheater the Vaughan
Williams' "London Symphony," Coates
devoted the first half of his program
to the five movements of this remark
able symphony, which has become
sensationally popular with symphony
audiences since its composition al
most ten years ago.
Albert Coates, who is guest con
ductor of the San Francisco Sym
phony for two programs this summer,
is English. His introduction of this
"London Symphony" to a California
audience was well received. Sur

rounded by natural woodland setting,
von Weber's "Overture" to "Oberon'
seemed especially appropriate. Two
movements from ltimsky-Korsakaw
suite, taken from his "Le Coq d'Or,"
and the overture-fantasia "Romeo and
Juliet" by Tschaikowsy completed his
program for the afternoon. The same
group of numbers will be given in
San Francisco on Tuesday night.
Many Stanford students were in the
audience Sunday, which was the first
concert of the season. Officers of the
San Mateo Philharmonic Society hope
to fill the theater at future events,
and are depending on a large attend
ance from the Stanford music lovers.
The amphitheater has been newly
decorated, and a canopy now shades
the greater part of the theater. Next
Sunday, at 3 o'clock, Albert Coates
will direct the symphony for the last
time this season.
Contrasted with the classic lines of
the newly renovated Woodland
Theater, the program chosen by Al
bert Coates for his Pacific Coast de
but at the Sunday afternoon Hills
borough concert was predominantly
modern, although not modernistic.
Presenting for the first time in the
Woodland amphitheater the Vaughan
Williams' "London Symphony," Coates
devoted the first half of his program
to the five movements of this remark
able symphony, which has become
sensationally popular with symphony
audiences since its composition al
most ten years ago.
Albert Coates, who is guest con
ductor of the San Francisco Sym
phony for two programs this summer,
is English. His introduction of this
"London Symphony" to a California
audience was well received. Sur

rounded by natural woodland setting,
von Weber's "Overture" to "Oberon'
seemed especially appropriate. Two
movements from ltimsky-Korsakaw
suite, taken from his "Le Coq d'Or,"
and the overture-fantasia "Romeo and
Juliet" by Tschaikowsy completed his
program for the afternoon. The same
group of numbers will be given in
San Francisco on Tuesday night.
Many Stanford students were in the
audience Sunday, which was the first
concert of the season. Officers of the
San Mateo Philharmonic Society hope
to fill the theater at future events,
and are depending on a large attend
ance from the Stanford music lovers.
The amphitheater has been newly
decorated, and a canopy now shades
the greater part of the theater. Next
Sunday, at 3 o'clock, Albert Coates
will direct the symphony for the last
time this season.
Contrasted with the classic lines of
the newly renovated Woodland
Theater, the program chosen by Al
bert Coates for his Pacific Coast de
but at the Sunday afternoon Hills
borough concert was predominantly
modern, although not modernistic.
Presenting for the first time in the
Woodland amphitheater the Vaughan
Williams' "London Symphony," Coates
devoted the first half of his program
to the five movements of this remark
able symphony, which has become
sensationally popular with symphony
audiences since its composition al
most ten years ago.
Albert Coates, who is guest con
ductor of the San Francisco Sym
phony for two programs this summer,
is English. His introduction of this
"London Symphony" to a California
audience was well received. Sur

rounded by natural woodland setting,
von Weber's "Overture" to "Oberon'
seemed especially appropriate. Two
movements from ltimsky-Korsakaw
suite, taken from his "Le Coq d'Or,"
and the overture-fantasia "Romeo and
Juliet" by Tschaikowsy completed his
program for the afternoon. The same
group of numbers will be given in
San Francisco on Tuesday night.
Many Stanford students were in the
audience Sunday, which was the first
concert of the season. Officers of the
San Mateo Philharmonic Society hope
to fill the theater at future events,
and are depending on a large attend
ance from the Stanford music lovers.
The amphitheater has been newly
decorated, and a canopy now shades
the greater part of the theater. Next
Sunday, at 3 o'clock, Albert Coates
will direct the symphony for the last
time this season.
Contrasted with the classic lines of
the newly renovated Woodland
Theater, the program chosen by Al
bert Coates for his Pacific Coast de
but at the Sunday afternoon Hills
borough concert was predominantly
modern, although not modernistic.
Presenting for the first time in the
Woodland amphitheater the Vaughan
Williams' "London Symphony," Coates
devoted the first half of his program
to the five movements of this remark
able symphony, which has become
sensationally popular with symphony
audiences since its composition al
most ten years ago.
Albert Coates, who is guest con
ductor of the San Francisco Sym
phony for two programs this summer,
is English. His introduction of this
"London Symphony" to a California
audience was well received. Sur

rounded by natural woodland setting,
von Weber's "Overture" to "Oberon'
seemed especially appropriate. Two
movements from ltimsky-Korsakaw
suite, taken from his "Le Coq d'Or,"
and the overture-fantasia "Romeo and
Juliet" by Tschaikowsy completed his
program for the afternoon. The same
group of numbers will be given in
San Francisco on Tuesday night.
Many Stanford students were in the
audience Sunday, which was the first
concert of the season. Officers of the
San Mateo Philharmonic Society hope
to fill the theater at future events,
and are depending on a large attend
ance from the Stanford music lovers.
The amphitheater has been newly
decorated, and a canopy now shades
the greater part of the theater. Next
Sunday, at 3 o'clock, Albert Coates
will direct the symphony for the last
time this season.
Contrasted with the classic lines of
the newly renovated Woodland
Theater, the program chosen by Al
bert Coates for his Pacific Coast de
but at the Sunday afternoon Hills
borough concert was predominantly
modern, although not modernistic.
Presenting for the first time in the
Woodland amphitheater the Vaughan
Williams' "London Symphony," Coates
devoted the first half of his program
to the five movements of this remark
able symphony, which has become
sensationally popular with symphony
audiences since its composition al
most ten years ago.
Albert Coates, who is guest con
ductor of the San Francisco Sym
phony for two programs this summer,
is English. His introduction of this
"London Symphony" to a California
audience was well received. Sur

rounded by natural woodland setting,
von Weber's "Overture" to "Oberon'
seemed especially appropriate. Two
movements from ltimsky-Korsakaw
suite, taken from his "Le Coq d'Or,"
and the overture-fantasia "Romeo and
Juliet" by Tschaikowsy completed his
program for the afternoon. The same
group of numbers will be given in
San Francisco on Tuesday night.
Many Stanford students were in the
audience Sunday, which was the first
concert of the season. Officers of the
San Mateo Philharmonic Society hope
to fill the theater at future events,
and are depending on a large attend
ance from the Stanford music lovers.
The amphitheater has been newly
decorated, and a canopy now shades
the greater part of the theater. Next
Sunday, at 3 o'clock, Albert Coates
will direct the symphony for the last
time this season.
Contrasted with the classic lines of
the newly renovated Woodland
Theater, the program chosen by Al
bert Coates for his Pacific Coast de
but at the Sunday afternoon Hills
borough concert was predominantly
modern, although not modernistic.
Presenting for the first time in the
Woodland amphitheater the Vaughan
Williams' "London Symphony," Coates
devoted the first half of his program
to the five movements of this remark
able symphony, which has become
sensationally popular with symphony
audiences since its composition al
most ten years ago.
Albert Coates, who is guest con
ductor of the San Francisco Sym
phony for two programs this summer,
is English. His introduction of this
"London Symphony" to a California
audience was well received. Sur

rounded by natural woodland setting,
von Weber's "Overture" to "Oberon'
seemed especially appropriate. Two
movements from ltimsky-Korsakaw
suite, taken from his "Le Coq d'Or,"
and the overture-fantasia "Romeo and
Juliet" by Tschaikowsy completed his
program for the afternoon. The same
group of numbers will be given in
San Francisco on Tuesday night.
Many Stanford students were in the
audience Sunday, which was the first
concert of the season. Officers of the
San Mateo Philharmonic Society hope
to fill the theater at future events,
and are depending on a large attend
ance from the Stanford music lovers.
The amphitheater has been newly
decorated, and a canopy now shades
the greater part of the theater. Next
Sunday, at 3 o'clock, Albert Coates
will direct the symphony for the last
time this season.
Contrasted with the classic lines of
the newly renovated Woodland
Theater, the program chosen by Al
bert Coates for his Pacific Coast de
but at the Sunday afternoon Hills
borough concert was predominantly
modern, although not modernistic.
Presenting for the first time in the
Woodland amphitheater the Vaughan
Williams' "London Symphony," Coates
devoted the first half of his program
to the five movements of this remark
able symphony, which has become
sensationally popular with symphony
audiences since its composition al
most ten years ago.
Albert Coates, who is guest con
ductor of the San Francisco Sym
phony for two programs this summer,
is English. His introduction of this
"London Symphony" to a California
audience was well received. Sur

rounded by natural woodland setting,
von Weber's "Overture" to "Oberon'
seemed especially appropriate. Two
movements from ltimsky-Korsakaw
suite, taken from his "Le Coq d'Or,"
and the overture-fantasia "Romeo and
Juliet" by Tschaikowsy completed his
program for the afternoon. The same
group of numbers will be given in
San Francisco on Tuesday night.
Many Stanford students were in the
audience Sunday, which was the first
concert of the season. Officers of the
San Mateo Philharmonic Society hope
to fill the theater at future events,
and are depending on a large attend
ance from the Stanford music lovers.
The amphitheater has been newly
decorated, and a canopy now shades
the greater part of the theater. Next
Sunday, at 3 o'clock, Albert Coates
will direct the symphony for the last
time this season.
Contrasted with the classic lines of
the newly renovated Woodland
Theater, the program chosen by Al
bert Coates for his Pacific Coast de
but at the Sunday afternoon Hills
borough concert was predominantly
modern, although not modernistic.
Presenting for the first time in the
Woodland amphitheater the Vaughan
Williams' "London Symphony," Coates
devoted the first half of his program
to the five movements of this remark
able symphony, which has become
sensationally popular with symphony
audiences since its composition al
most ten years ago.
Albert Coates, who is guest con
ductor of the San Francisco Sym
phony for two programs this summer,
is English. His introduction of this
"London Symphony" to a California
audience was well received. Sur

rounded by natural woodland setting,
von Weber's "Overture" to "Oberon'
seemed especially appropriate. Two
movements from ltimsky-Korsakaw
suite, taken from his "Le Coq d'Or,"
and the overture-fantasia "Romeo and
Juliet" by Tschaikowsy completed his
program for the afternoon. The same
group of numbers will be given in
San Francisco on Tuesday night.
Many Stanford students were in the
audience Sunday, which was the first
concert of the season. Officers of the
San Mateo Philharmonic Society hope
to fill the theater at future events,
and are depending on a large attend
ance from the Stanford music lovers.
The amphitheater has been newly
decorated, and a canopy now shades
the greater part of the theater. Next
Sunday, at 3 o'clock, Albert Coates
will direct the symphony for the last
time this season.
Contrasted with the classic lines of
the newly renovated Woodland
Theater, the program chosen by Al
bert Coates for his Pacific Coast de
but at the Sunday afternoon Hills
borough concert was predominantly
modern, although not modernistic.
Presenting for the first time in the
Woodland amphitheater the Vaughan
Williams' "London Symphony," Coates
devoted the first half of his program
to the five movements of this remark
able symphony, which has become
sensationally popular with symphony
audiences since its composition al
most ten years ago.
Albert Coates, who is guest con
ductor of the San Francisco Sym
phony for two programs this summer,
is English. His introduction of this
"London Symphony" to a California
audience was well received. Sur

rounded by natural woodland setting,
von Weber's "Overture" to "Oberon'
seemed especially appropriate. Two
movements from ltimsky-Korsakaw
suite, taken from his "Le Coq d'Or,"
and the overture-fantasia "Romeo and
Juliet" by Tschaikowsy completed his
program for the afternoon. The same
group of numbers will be given in
San Francisco on Tuesday night.
Many Stanford students were in the
audience Sunday, which was the first
concert of the season. Officers of the
San Mateo Philharmonic Society hope
to fill the theater at future events,
and are depending on a large attend
ance from the Stanford music lovers.
The amphitheater has been newly
decorated, and a canopy now shades
the greater part of the theater. Next
Sunday, at 3 o'clock, Albert Coates
will direct the symphony for the last
time this season.
Contrasted with the classic lines of
the newly renovated Woodland
Theater, the program chosen by Al
bert Coates for his Pacific Coast de
but at the Sunday afternoon Hills
borough concert was predominantly
modern, although not modernistic.
Presenting for the first time in the
Woodland amphitheater the Vaughan
Williams' "London Symphony," Coates
devoted the first half of his program
to the five movements of this remark
able symphony, which has become
sensationally popular with symphony
audiences since its composition al
most ten years ago.
Albert Coates, who is guest con
ductor of the San Francisco Sym
phony for two programs this summer,
is English. His introduction of this
"London Symphony" to a California
audience was well received. Sur

rounded by natural woodland setting,
von Weber's "Overture" to "Oberon'
seemed especially appropriate. Two
movements from ltimsky-Korsakaw
suite, taken from his "Le Coq d'Or,"
and the overture-fantasia "Romeo and
Juliet" by Tschaikowsy completed his
program for the afternoon. The same
group of numbers will be given in
San Francisco on Tuesday night.
Many Stanford students were in the
audience Sunday, which was the first
concert of the season. Officers of the
San Mateo Philharmonic Society hope
to fill the theater at future events,
and are depending on a large attend
ance from the Stanford music lovers.
The amphitheater has been newly
decorated, and a canopy now shades
the greater part of the theater. Next
Sunday, at 3 o'clock, Albert Coates
will direct the symphony for the last
time this season.
Contrasted with the classic lines of
the newly renovated Woodland
Theater, the program chosen by Al
bert Coates for his Pacific Coast de
but at the Sunday afternoon Hills
borough concert was predominantly
modern, although not modernistic.
Presenting for the first time in the
Woodland amphitheater the Vaughan
Williams' "London Symphony," Coates
devoted the first half of his program
to the five movements of this remark
able symphony, which has become
sensationally popular with symphony
audiences since its composition al
most ten years ago.
Albert Coates, who is guest con
ductor of the San Francisco Sym
phony for two programs this summer,
is English. His introduction of this
"London Symphony" to a California
audience was well received. Sur

rounded by natural woodland setting,
von Weber's "Overture" to "Oberon'
seemed especially appropriate. Two
movements from ltimsky-Korsakaw
suite, taken from his "Le Coq d'Or,"
and the overture-fantasia "Romeo and
Juliet" by Tschaikowsy completed his
program for the afternoon. The same
group of numbers will be given in
San Francisco on Tuesday night.
Many Stanford students were in the
audience Sunday, which was the first
concert of the season. Officers of the
San Mateo Philharmonic Society hope
to fill the theater at future events,
and are depending on a large attend
ance from the Stanford music lovers.
The amphitheater has been newly
decorated, and a canopy now shades
the greater part of the theater. Next
Sunday, at 3 o'clock, Albert Coates
will direct the symphony for the last
time this season.
Contrasted with the classic lines of
the newly renovated Woodland
Theater, the program chosen by Al
bert Coates for his Pacific Coast de
but at the Sunday afternoon Hills
borough concert was predominantly
modern, although not modernistic.
Presenting for the first time in the
Woodland amphitheater the Vaughan
Williams' "London Symphony," Coates
devoted the first half of his program
to the five movements of this remark
able symphony, which has become
sensationally popular with symphony
audiences since its composition al
most ten years ago.
Albert Coates, who is guest con
ductor of the San Francisco Sym
phony for two programs this summer,
is English. His introduction of this
"London Symphony" to a California
audience was well received. Sur

rounded by natural woodland setting,
von Weber's "Overture" to "Oberon'
seemed especially appropriate. Two
movements from ltimsky-Korsakaw
suite, taken from his "Le Coq d'Or,"
and the overture-fantasia "Romeo and
Juliet" by Tschaikowsy completed his
program for the afternoon. The same
group of numbers will be given in
San Francisco on Tuesday night.
Many Stanford students were in the
audience Sunday, which was the first
concert of the season. Officers of the
San Mateo Philharmonic Society hope
to fill the theater at future events,
and are depending on a large attend
ance from the Stanford music lovers.
The amphitheater has been newly
decorated, and a canopy now shades
the greater part of the theater. Next
Sunday, at 3 o'clock, Albert Coates
will direct the symphony for the last
time this season.
Contrasted with the classic lines of
the newly renovated Woodland
Theater, the program chosen by Al
bert Coates for his Pacific Coast de
but at the Sunday afternoon Hills
borough concert was predominantly
modern, although not modernistic.
Presenting for the first time in the
Woodland amphitheater the Vaughan
Williams' "London Symphony," Coates
devoted the first half of his program
to the five movements of this remark
able symphony, which has become
sensationally popular with symphony
audiences since its composition al
most ten years ago.
Albert Coates, who is guest con
ductor of the San Francisco Sym
phony for two programs this summer,
is English. His introduction of this
"London Symphony" to a California
audience was well received. Sur

rounded by natural woodland setting,
von Weber's "Overture" to "Oberon'
seemed especially appropriate. Two
movements from ltimsky-Korsakaw
suite, taken from his "Le Coq d'Or,"
and the overture-fantasia "Romeo and
Juliet" by Tschaikowsy completed his
program for the afternoon. The same
group of numbers will be given in
San Francisco on Tuesday night.
Many Stanford students were in the
audience Sunday, which was the first
concert of the season. Officers of the
San Mateo Philharmonic Society hope
to fill the theater at future events,
and are depending on a large attend
ance from the Stanford music lovers.
The amphitheater has been newly
decorated, and a canopy now shades
the greater part of the theater. Next
Sunday, at 3 o'clock, Albert Coates
will direct the symphony for the last
time this season.
Contrasted with the classic lines of
the newly renovated Woodland
Theater, the program chosen by Al
bert Coates for his Pacific Coast de
but at the Sunday afternoon Hills
borough concert was predominantly
modern, although not modernistic.
Presenting for the first time in the
Woodland amphitheater the Vaughan
Williams' "London Symphony," Coates
devoted the first half of his program
to the five movements of this remark
able symphony, which has become
sensationally popular with symphony
audiences since its composition al
most ten years ago.
Albert Coates, who is guest con
ductor of the San Francisco Sym
phony for two programs this summer,
is English. His introduction of this
"London Symphony" to a California
audience was well received. Sur

rounded by natural woodland setting,
von Weber's "Overture" to "Oberon'
seemed especially appropriate. Two
movements from ltimsky-Korsakaw
suite, taken from his "Le Coq d'Or,"
and the overture-fantasia "Romeo and
Juliet" by Tschaikowsy completed his
program for the afternoon. The same
group of numbers will be given in
San Francisco on Tuesday night.
Many Stanford students were in the
audience Sunday, which was the first
concert of the season. Officers of the
San Mateo Philharmonic Society hope
to fill the theater at future events,
and are depending on a large attend
ance from the Stanford music lovers.
The amphitheater has been newly
decorated, and a canopy now shades
the greater part of the theater. Next
Sunday, at 3 o'clock, Albert Coates
will direct the symphony for the last
time this season.
Contrasted with the classic lines of
the newly renovated Woodland
Theater, the program chosen by Al
bert Coates for his Pacific Coast de
but at the Sunday afternoon Hills
borough concert was predominantly
modern, although not modernistic.
Presenting for the first time in the
Woodland amphitheater the Vaughan
Williams' "London Symphony," Coates
devoted the first half of his program
to the five movements of this remark
able symphony, which has become
sensationally popular with symphony
audiences since its composition al
most ten years ago.
Albert Coates, who is guest con
ductor of the San Francisco Sym
phony for two programs this summer,
is English. His introduction of this
"London Symphony" to a California
audience was well received. Sur

rounded by natural woodland setting,
von Weber's "Overture" to "Oberon'
seemed especially appropriate. Two
movements from ltimsky-Korsakaw
suite, taken from his "Le Coq d'Or,"
and the overture-fantasia "Romeo and
Juliet" by Tschaikowsy completed his
program for the afternoon. The same
group of numbers will be given in
San Francisco on Tuesday night.
Many Stanford students were in the
audience Sunday, which was the first
concert of the season. Officers of the
San Mateo Philharmonic Society hope
to fill the theater at future events,
and are depending on a large attend
ance from the Stanford music lovers.
The amphitheater has been newly
decorated, and a canopy now shades
the greater part of the theater. Next
Sunday, at 3 o'clock, Albert Coates
will direct the symphony for the last
time this season.
