# Tennis Tournaments to Be Planned, Bugge Announces
## 
### 
"A men's doubles and a mixed dou
bles tournament in addition to the
regular Summer Quarter men's sin
gles tournament will possibly be
scheduled, depending on the support
given to the plan by students," said
Elwyn Bugge, tennis coach for the
summer quarter. Any who are inter
ested in the holding of these tourna
ments may consult him about them.
"A men's doubles and a mixed dou
bles tournament in addition to the
regular Summer Quarter men's sin
gles tournament will possibly be
scheduled, depending on the support
given to the plan by students," said
Elwyn Bugge, tennis coach for the
summer quarter. Any who are inter
ested in the holding of these tourna
ments may consult him about them.
"A men's doubles and a mixed dou
bles tournament in addition to the
regular Summer Quarter men's sin
gles tournament will possibly be
scheduled, depending on the support
given to the plan by students," said
Elwyn Bugge, tennis coach for the
summer quarter. Any who are inter
ested in the holding of these tourna
ments may consult him about them.
"A men's doubles and a mixed dou
bles tournament in addition to the
regular Summer Quarter men's sin
gles tournament will possibly be
scheduled, depending on the support
given to the plan by students," said
Elwyn Bugge, tennis coach for the
summer quarter. Any who are inter
ested in the holding of these tourna
ments may consult him about them.
"A men's doubles and a mixed dou
bles tournament in addition to the
regular Summer Quarter men's sin
gles tournament will possibly be
scheduled, depending on the support
given to the plan by students," said
Elwyn Bugge, tennis coach for the
summer quarter. Any who are inter
ested in the holding of these tourna
ments may consult him about them.
"A men's doubles and a mixed dou
bles tournament in addition to the
regular Summer Quarter men's sin
gles tournament will possibly be
scheduled, depending on the support
given to the plan by students," said
Elwyn Bugge, tennis coach for the
summer quarter. Any who are inter
ested in the holding of these tourna
ments may consult him about them.
"A men's doubles and a mixed dou
bles tournament in addition to the
regular Summer Quarter men's sin
gles tournament will possibly be
scheduled, depending on the support
given to the plan by students," said
Elwyn Bugge, tennis coach for the
summer quarter. Any who are inter
ested in the holding of these tourna
ments may consult him about them.
"A men's doubles and a mixed dou
bles tournament in addition to the
regular Summer Quarter men's sin
gles tournament will possibly be
scheduled, depending on the support
given to the plan by students," said
Elwyn Bugge, tennis coach for the
summer quarter. Any who are inter
ested in the holding of these tourna
ments may consult him about them.
"A men's doubles and a mixed dou
bles tournament in addition to the
regular Summer Quarter men's sin
gles tournament will possibly be
scheduled, depending on the support
given to the plan by students," said
Elwyn Bugge, tennis coach for the
summer quarter. Any who are inter
ested in the holding of these tourna
ments may consult him about them.
"A men's doubles and a mixed dou
bles tournament in addition to the
regular Summer Quarter men's sin
gles tournament will possibly be
scheduled, depending on the support
given to the plan by students," said
Elwyn Bugge, tennis coach for the
summer quarter. Any who are inter
ested in the holding of these tourna
ments may consult him about them.
"A men's doubles and a mixed dou
bles tournament in addition to the
regular Summer Quarter men's sin
gles tournament will possibly be
scheduled, depending on the support
given to the plan by students," said
Elwyn Bugge, tennis coach for the
summer quarter. Any who are inter
ested in the holding of these tourna
ments may consult him about them.
"A men's doubles and a mixed dou
bles tournament in addition to the
regular Summer Quarter men's sin
gles tournament will possibly be
scheduled, depending on the support
given to the plan by students," said
Elwyn Bugge, tennis coach for the
summer quarter. Any who are inter
ested in the holding of these tourna
ments may consult him about them.
"A men's doubles and a mixed dou
bles tournament in addition to the
regular Summer Quarter men's sin
gles tournament will possibly be
scheduled, depending on the support
given to the plan by students," said
Elwyn Bugge, tennis coach for the
summer quarter. Any who are inter
ested in the holding of these tourna
ments may consult him about them.
"A men's doubles and a mixed dou
bles tournament in addition to the
regular Summer Quarter men's sin
gles tournament will possibly be
scheduled, depending on the support
given to the plan by students," said
Elwyn Bugge, tennis coach for the
summer quarter. Any who are inter
ested in the holding of these tourna
ments may consult him about them.
"A men's doubles and a mixed dou
bles tournament in addition to the
regular Summer Quarter men's sin
gles tournament will possibly be
scheduled, depending on the support
given to the plan by students," said
Elwyn Bugge, tennis coach for the
summer quarter. Any who are inter
ested in the holding of these tourna
ments may consult him about them.
"A men's doubles and a mixed dou
bles tournament in addition to the
regular Summer Quarter men's sin
gles tournament will possibly be
scheduled, depending on the support
given to the plan by students," said
Elwyn Bugge, tennis coach for the
summer quarter. Any who are inter
ested in the holding of these tourna
ments may consult him about them.
