# LEADERSHIP TAUGHT BY PATROL SYSTEM SAYS SCOUT DIRECTOR
## 
### 
"It is through the patrol system of
dividing the girls into small units
under a leader from their own group,
that'we teach them the characteristics
of dependability, punctuality, and
leadership that every woman should
possess," said Miss Alice Philipson,
Director of Girl Scouts in Palo Alto,
in her talk before the Stanford Dames
yesterday afternoon, at their regular
meeting in the Stanford Women's
Clubhouse.
"We do not 'preach' in striving to
instill these phases of character; we
let the girls manage themselves.
Through our system of self-govern
ment we encourage self-development.
The patrol leaders may be likened to
coaches on the side-lines," continued
Miss Philipson.
"By offering the girls a great variety
of interests to occupy their leisure
time, we endeavor to fornKtliem into
healthy and happy women," concluded
Miss Philipson.
