# Harvard Library Receives Lewis Carroll Collection
## 
### 
HARVARD . UNIVERSITY, Cam- j
bridge, Jan. 21.—Widener Library has j
just received the late Harcourt Armory's
notable collection of Lewis Carrol books,
pamphlets, and letters, containing many
original drawings by John Tenniel. The I
collection includes nearly four hundred j
manuscripts printed for Lewis Carroll's
child friends, as well as some of bis
puzzles, original drawings, and notes.
HARVARD . UNIVERSITY, Cam- j
bridge, Jan. 21.—Widener Library has j
just received the late Harcourt Armory's
notable collection of Lewis Carrol books,
pamphlets, and letters, containing many
original drawings by John Tenniel. The I
collection includes nearly four hundred j
manuscripts printed for Lewis Carroll's
child friends, as well as some of bis
puzzles, original drawings, and notes.
HARVARD . UNIVERSITY, Cam- j
bridge, Jan. 21.—Widener Library has j
just received the late Harcourt Armory's
notable collection of Lewis Carrol books,
pamphlets, and letters, containing many
original drawings by John Tenniel. The I
collection includes nearly four hundred j
manuscripts printed for Lewis Carroll's
child friends, as well as some of bis
puzzles, original drawings, and notes.
HARVARD . UNIVERSITY, Cam- j
bridge, Jan. 21.—Widener Library has j
just received the late Harcourt Armory's
notable collection of Lewis Carrol books,
pamphlets, and letters, containing many
original drawings by John Tenniel. The I
collection includes nearly four hundred j
manuscripts printed for Lewis Carroll's
child friends, as well as some of bis
puzzles, original drawings, and notes.
HARVARD . UNIVERSITY, Cam- j
bridge, Jan. 21.—Widener Library has j
just received the late Harcourt Armory's
notable collection of Lewis Carrol books,
pamphlets, and letters, containing many
original drawings by John Tenniel. The I
collection includes nearly four hundred j
manuscripts printed for Lewis Carroll's
child friends, as well as some of bis
puzzles, original drawings, and notes.
HARVARD . UNIVERSITY, Cam- j
bridge, Jan. 21.—Widener Library has j
just received the late Harcourt Armory's
notable collection of Lewis Carrol books,
pamphlets, and letters, containing many
original drawings by John Tenniel. The I
collection includes nearly four hundred j
manuscripts printed for Lewis Carroll's
child friends, as well as some of bis
puzzles, original drawings, and notes.
HARVARD . UNIVERSITY, Cam- j
bridge, Jan. 21.—Widener Library has j
just received the late Harcourt Armory's
notable collection of Lewis Carrol books,
pamphlets, and letters, containing many
original drawings by John Tenniel. The I
collection includes nearly four hundred j
manuscripts printed for Lewis Carroll's
child friends, as well as some of bis
puzzles, original drawings, and notes.
HARVARD . UNIVERSITY, Cam- j
bridge, Jan. 21.—Widener Library has j
just received the late Harcourt Armory's
notable collection of Lewis Carrol books,
pamphlets, and letters, containing many
original drawings by John Tenniel. The I
collection includes nearly four hundred j
manuscripts printed for Lewis Carroll's
child friends, as well as some of bis
puzzles, original drawings, and notes.
HARVARD . UNIVERSITY, Cam- j
bridge, Jan. 21.—Widener Library has j
just received the late Harcourt Armory's
notable collection of Lewis Carrol books,
pamphlets, and letters, containing many
original drawings by John Tenniel. The I
collection includes nearly four hundred j
manuscripts printed for Lewis Carroll's
child friends, as well as some of bis
puzzles, original drawings, and notes.
HARVARD . UNIVERSITY, Cam- j
bridge, Jan. 21.—Widener Library has j
just received the late Harcourt Armory's
notable collection of Lewis Carrol books,
pamphlets, and letters, containing many
original drawings by John Tenniel. The I
collection includes nearly four hundred j
manuscripts printed for Lewis Carroll's
child friends, as well as some of bis
puzzles, original drawings, and notes.
HARVARD . UNIVERSITY, Cam- j
bridge, Jan. 21.—Widener Library has j
just received the late Harcourt Armory's
notable collection of Lewis Carrol books,
pamphlets, and letters, containing many
original drawings by John Tenniel. The I
collection includes nearly four hundred j
manuscripts printed for Lewis Carroll's
child friends, as well as some of bis
puzzles, original drawings, and notes.
HARVARD . UNIVERSITY, Cam- j
bridge, Jan. 21.—Widener Library has j
just received the late Harcourt Armory's
notable collection of Lewis Carrol books,
pamphlets, and letters, containing many
original drawings by John Tenniel. The I
collection includes nearly four hundred j
manuscripts printed for Lewis Carroll's
child friends, as well as some of bis
puzzles, original drawings, and notes.
HARVARD . UNIVERSITY, Cam- j
bridge, Jan. 21.—Widener Library has j
just received the late Harcourt Armory's
notable collection of Lewis Carrol books,
pamphlets, and letters, containing many
original drawings by John Tenniel. The I
collection includes nearly four hundred j
manuscripts printed for Lewis Carroll's
child friends, as well as some of bis
puzzles, original drawings, and notes.
HARVARD . UNIVERSITY, Cam- j
bridge, Jan. 21.—Widener Library has j
just received the late Harcourt Armory's
notable collection of Lewis Carrol books,
pamphlets, and letters, containing many
original drawings by John Tenniel. The I
collection includes nearly four hundred j
manuscripts printed for Lewis Carroll's
child friends, as well as some of bis
puzzles, original drawings, and notes.
HARVARD . UNIVERSITY, Cam- j
bridge, Jan. 21.—Widener Library has j
just received the late Harcourt Armory's
notable collection of Lewis Carrol books,
pamphlets, and letters, containing many
original drawings by John Tenniel. The I
collection includes nearly four hundred j
manuscripts printed for Lewis Carroll's
child friends, as well as some of bis
puzzles, original drawings, and notes.
