# Untitled Article
## 
### 
"Resolved, that the Volstead Act be
amended to permit the sale /•<: light
wines and heer," was rejected as a sub
ject for debate by Dakota Wesleyan
University and the State Teachers Col
lege of Aberdeen on the grounds that it
"verged on the repudiation of the Con
stitution" and was "unethical."
"Resolved, that the Volstead Act be
amended to permit the sale /•<: light
wines and heer," was rejected as a sub
ject for debate by Dakota Wesleyan
University and the State Teachers Col
lege of Aberdeen on the grounds that it
"verged on the repudiation of the Con
stitution" and was "unethical."
"Resolved, that the Volstead Act be
amended to permit the sale /•<: light
wines and heer," was rejected as a sub
ject for debate by Dakota Wesleyan
University and the State Teachers Col
lege of Aberdeen on the grounds that it
"verged on the repudiation of the Con
stitution" and was "unethical."
"Resolved, that the Volstead Act be
amended to permit the sale /•<: light
wines and heer," was rejected as a sub
ject for debate by Dakota Wesleyan
University and the State Teachers Col
lege of Aberdeen on the grounds that it
"verged on the repudiation of the Con
stitution" and was "unethical."
"Resolved, that the Volstead Act be
amended to permit the sale /•<: light
wines and heer," was rejected as a sub
ject for debate by Dakota Wesleyan
University and the State Teachers Col
lege of Aberdeen on the grounds that it
"verged on the repudiation of the Con
stitution" and was "unethical."
"Resolved, that the Volstead Act be
amended to permit the sale /•<: light
wines and heer," was rejected as a sub
ject for debate by Dakota Wesleyan
University and the State Teachers Col
lege of Aberdeen on the grounds that it
"verged on the repudiation of the Con
stitution" and was "unethical."
"Resolved, that the Volstead Act be
amended to permit the sale /•<: light
wines and heer," was rejected as a sub
ject for debate by Dakota Wesleyan
University and the State Teachers Col
lege of Aberdeen on the grounds that it
"verged on the repudiation of the Con
stitution" and was "unethical."
"Resolved, that the Volstead Act be
amended to permit the sale /•<: light
wines and heer," was rejected as a sub
ject for debate by Dakota Wesleyan
University and the State Teachers Col
lege of Aberdeen on the grounds that it
"verged on the repudiation of the Con
stitution" and was "unethical."
"Resolved, that the Volstead Act be
amended to permit the sale /•<: light
wines and heer," was rejected as a sub
ject for debate by Dakota Wesleyan
University and the State Teachers Col
lege of Aberdeen on the grounds that it
"verged on the repudiation of the Con
stitution" and was "unethical."
"Resolved, that the Volstead Act be
amended to permit the sale /•<: light
wines and heer," was rejected as a sub
ject for debate by Dakota Wesleyan
University and the State Teachers Col
lege of Aberdeen on the grounds that it
"verged on the repudiation of the Con
stitution" and was "unethical."
"Resolved, that the Volstead Act be
amended to permit the sale /•<: light
wines and heer," was rejected as a sub
ject for debate by Dakota Wesleyan
University and the State Teachers Col
lege of Aberdeen on the grounds that it
"verged on the repudiation of the Con
stitution" and was "unethical."
"Resolved, that the Volstead Act be
amended to permit the sale /•<: light
wines and heer," was rejected as a sub
ject for debate by Dakota Wesleyan
University and the State Teachers Col
lege of Aberdeen on the grounds that it
"verged on the repudiation of the Con
stitution" and was "unethical."
"Resolved, that the Volstead Act be
amended to permit the sale /•<: light
wines and heer," was rejected as a sub
ject for debate by Dakota Wesleyan
University and the State Teachers Col
lege of Aberdeen on the grounds that it
"verged on the repudiation of the Con
stitution" and was "unethical."
"Resolved, that the Volstead Act be
amended to permit the sale /•<: light
wines and heer," was rejected as a sub
ject for debate by Dakota Wesleyan
University and the State Teachers Col
lege of Aberdeen on the grounds that it
"verged on the repudiation of the Con
stitution" and was "unethical."
"Resolved, that the Volstead Act be
amended to permit the sale /•<: light
wines and heer," was rejected as a sub
ject for debate by Dakota Wesleyan
University and the State Teachers Col
lege of Aberdeen on the grounds that it
"verged on the repudiation of the Con
stitution" and was "unethical."
