# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The senior girls at Butler have voted
to wear blue suede lumber jackets as
distinctive dress.
The senior girls at Butler have voted
to wear blue suede lumber jackets as
distinctive dress.
The senior girls at Butler have voted
to wear blue suede lumber jackets as
distinctive dress.
The senior girls at Butler have voted
to wear blue suede lumber jackets as
distinctive dress.
The senior girls at Butler have voted
to wear blue suede lumber jackets as
distinctive dress.
The senior girls at Butler have voted
to wear blue suede lumber jackets as
distinctive dress.
The senior girls at Butler have voted
to wear blue suede lumber jackets as
distinctive dress.
The senior girls at Butler have voted
to wear blue suede lumber jackets as
distinctive dress.
The senior girls at Butler have voted
to wear blue suede lumber jackets as
distinctive dress.
The senior girls at Butler have voted
to wear blue suede lumber jackets as
distinctive dress.
The senior girls at Butler have voted
to wear blue suede lumber jackets as
distinctive dress.
The senior girls at Butler have voted
to wear blue suede lumber jackets as
distinctive dress.
The senior girls at Butler have voted
to wear blue suede lumber jackets as
distinctive dress.
The senior girls at Butler have voted
to wear blue suede lumber jackets as
distinctive dress.
The senior girls at Butler have voted
to wear blue suede lumber jackets as
distinctive dress.
