# PEASANT PSYCHOLOGY IMPORTANT IN RUSSIA
## 
### 
COLLEGE OF THE PACIFIC, Fob.
3.â€”The power of the ruling communists
in Russia lies not in their use of any
military power but rather in the fact
that they recognize and use the psycho
logy of the Russian peasant, declared
Dr. Tully C. Knoles, president of the
College of the Pacific, Stockton, in a
recent address on the "Psychology of the
Communist," given before the Pacific
student body.
"Before I went to Russia," declared
Dr. Knoles, "and after reading on the
subject, I came to the conclusion that
the communist government held its power
by the Red army."
But the Red army, according to Dr.
Knoles, is not of sufficient strength to
hold the power. The power of the com
munist is strong because of the psycho
logical force that is used in place of the
physical force that might have been used.
