# Bridge, Volleyball Tournament Open
## 
### 
All living groups wishing to en
ter a team in the Con Home Drive
bridge or volleyball tournaments
(or both) should turn in the name
of their captain and team by to
night.
For the bridge tournament they
should call Jane Deben, Lagunita;
and for volleyball, Shirley Smith,
Lagunita. Each team member will
pay a 25-cent entry fee to the cap
tain, who will turn it in to the
drive.
The bridge tournament in each
house should start this week, Miss
Deben said. Each round will be
three rubbers and the winning
partners are those that have the
highest score. The winning part
ners in each living group should
phone Miss Deben, and she will ar
range for public playoffs between
living groups.
All living groups wishing to en
ter a team in the Con Home Drive
bridge or volleyball tournaments
(or both) should turn in the name
of their captain and team by to
night.
For the bridge tournament they
should call Jane Deben, Lagunita;
and for volleyball, Shirley Smith,
Lagunita. Each team member will
pay a 25-cent entry fee to the cap
tain, who will turn it in to the
drive.
The bridge tournament in each
house should start this week, Miss
Deben said. Each round will be
three rubbers and the winning
partners are those that have the
highest score. The winning part
ners in each living group should
phone Miss Deben, and she will ar
range for public playoffs between
living groups.
All living groups wishing to en
ter a team in the Con Home Drive
bridge or volleyball tournaments
(or both) should turn in the name
of their captain and team by to
night.
For the bridge tournament they
should call Jane Deben, Lagunita;
and for volleyball, Shirley Smith,
Lagunita. Each team member will
pay a 25-cent entry fee to the cap
tain, who will turn it in to the
drive.
The bridge tournament in each
house should start this week, Miss
Deben said. Each round will be
three rubbers and the winning
partners are those that have the
highest score. The winning part
ners in each living group should
phone Miss Deben, and she will ar
range for public playoffs between
living groups.
All living groups wishing to en
ter a team in the Con Home Drive
bridge or volleyball tournaments
(or both) should turn in the name
of their captain and team by to
night.
For the bridge tournament they
should call Jane Deben, Lagunita;
and for volleyball, Shirley Smith,
Lagunita. Each team member will
pay a 25-cent entry fee to the cap
tain, who will turn it in to the
drive.
The bridge tournament in each
house should start this week, Miss
Deben said. Each round will be
three rubbers and the winning
partners are those that have the
highest score. The winning part
ners in each living group should
phone Miss Deben, and she will ar
range for public playoffs between
living groups.
All living groups wishing to en
ter a team in the Con Home Drive
bridge or volleyball tournaments
(or both) should turn in the name
of their captain and team by to
night.
For the bridge tournament they
should call Jane Deben, Lagunita;
and for volleyball, Shirley Smith,
Lagunita. Each team member will
pay a 25-cent entry fee to the cap
tain, who will turn it in to the
drive.
The bridge tournament in each
house should start this week, Miss
Deben said. Each round will be
three rubbers and the winning
partners are those that have the
highest score. The winning part
ners in each living group should
phone Miss Deben, and she will ar
range for public playoffs between
living groups.
All living groups wishing to en
ter a team in the Con Home Drive
bridge or volleyball tournaments
(or both) should turn in the name
of their captain and team by to
night.
For the bridge tournament they
should call Jane Deben, Lagunita;
and for volleyball, Shirley Smith,
Lagunita. Each team member will
pay a 25-cent entry fee to the cap
tain, who will turn it in to the
drive.
The bridge tournament in each
house should start this week, Miss
Deben said. Each round will be
three rubbers and the winning
partners are those that have the
highest score. The winning part
ners in each living group should
phone Miss Deben, and she will ar
range for public playoffs between
living groups.
All living groups wishing to en
ter a team in the Con Home Drive
bridge or volleyball tournaments
(or both) should turn in the name
of their captain and team by to
night.
For the bridge tournament they
should call Jane Deben, Lagunita;
and for volleyball, Shirley Smith,
Lagunita. Each team member will
pay a 25-cent entry fee to the cap
tain, who will turn it in to the
drive.
The bridge tournament in each
house should start this week, Miss
Deben said. Each round will be
three rubbers and the winning
partners are those that have the
highest score. The winning part
ners in each living group should
phone Miss Deben, and she will ar
range for public playoffs between
living groups.
All living groups wishing to en
ter a team in the Con Home Drive
bridge or volleyball tournaments
(or both) should turn in the name
of their captain and team by to
night.
For the bridge tournament they
should call Jane Deben, Lagunita;
and for volleyball, Shirley Smith,
Lagunita. Each team member will
pay a 25-cent entry fee to the cap
tain, who will turn it in to the
drive.
The bridge tournament in each
house should start this week, Miss
Deben said. Each round will be
three rubbers and the winning
partners are those that have the
highest score. The winning part
ners in each living group should
phone Miss Deben, and she will ar
range for public playoffs between
living groups.
All living groups wishing to en
ter a team in the Con Home Drive
bridge or volleyball tournaments
(or both) should turn in the name
of their captain and team by to
night.
For the bridge tournament they
should call Jane Deben, Lagunita;
and for volleyball, Shirley Smith,
Lagunita. Each team member will
pay a 25-cent entry fee to the cap
tain, who will turn it in to the
drive.
The bridge tournament in each
house should start this week, Miss
Deben said. Each round will be
three rubbers and the winning
partners are those that have the
highest score. The winning part
ners in each living group should
phone Miss Deben, and she will ar
range for public playoffs between
living groups.
All living groups wishing to en
ter a team in the Con Home Drive
bridge or volleyball tournaments
(or both) should turn in the name
of their captain and team by to
night.
For the bridge tournament they
should call Jane Deben, Lagunita;
and for volleyball, Shirley Smith,
Lagunita. Each team member will
pay a 25-cent entry fee to the cap
tain, who will turn it in to the
drive.
The bridge tournament in each
house should start this week, Miss
Deben said. Each round will be
three rubbers and the winning
partners are those that have the
highest score. The winning part
ners in each living group should
phone Miss Deben, and she will ar
range for public playoffs between
living groups.
All living groups wishing to en
ter a team in the Con Home Drive
bridge or volleyball tournaments
(or both) should turn in the name
of their captain and team by to
night.
For the bridge tournament they
should call Jane Deben, Lagunita;
and for volleyball, Shirley Smith,
Lagunita. Each team member will
pay a 25-cent entry fee to the cap
tain, who will turn it in to the
drive.
The bridge tournament in each
house should start this week, Miss
Deben said. Each round will be
three rubbers and the winning
partners are those that have the
highest score. The winning part
ners in each living group should
phone Miss Deben, and she will ar
range for public playoffs between
living groups.
All living groups wishing to en
ter a team in the Con Home Drive
bridge or volleyball tournaments
(or both) should turn in the name
of their captain and team by to
night.
For the bridge tournament they
should call Jane Deben, Lagunita;
and for volleyball, Shirley Smith,
Lagunita. Each team member will
pay a 25-cent entry fee to the cap
tain, who will turn it in to the
drive.
The bridge tournament in each
house should start this week, Miss
Deben said. Each round will be
three rubbers and the winning
partners are those that have the
highest score. The winning part
ners in each living group should
phone Miss Deben, and she will ar
range for public playoffs between
living groups.
All living groups wishing to en
ter a team in the Con Home Drive
bridge or volleyball tournaments
(or both) should turn in the name
of their captain and team by to
night.
For the bridge tournament they
should call Jane Deben, Lagunita;
and for volleyball, Shirley Smith,
Lagunita. Each team member will
pay a 25-cent entry fee to the cap
tain, who will turn it in to the
drive.
The bridge tournament in each
house should start this week, Miss
Deben said. Each round will be
three rubbers and the winning
partners are those that have the
highest score. The winning part
ners in each living group should
phone Miss Deben, and she will ar
range for public playoffs between
living groups.
All living groups wishing to en
ter a team in the Con Home Drive
bridge or volleyball tournaments
(or both) should turn in the name
of their captain and team by to
night.
For the bridge tournament they
should call Jane Deben, Lagunita;
and for volleyball, Shirley Smith,
Lagunita. Each team member will
pay a 25-cent entry fee to the cap
tain, who will turn it in to the
drive.
The bridge tournament in each
house should start this week, Miss
Deben said. Each round will be
three rubbers and the winning
partners are those that have the
highest score. The winning part
ners in each living group should
phone Miss Deben, and she will ar
range for public playoffs between
living groups.
All living groups wishing to en
ter a team in the Con Home Drive
bridge or volleyball tournaments
(or both) should turn in the name
of their captain and team by to
night.
For the bridge tournament they
should call Jane Deben, Lagunita;
and for volleyball, Shirley Smith,
Lagunita. Each team member will
pay a 25-cent entry fee to the cap
tain, who will turn it in to the
drive.
The bridge tournament in each
house should start this week, Miss
Deben said. Each round will be
three rubbers and the winning
partners are those that have the
highest score. The winning part
ners in each living group should
phone Miss Deben, and she will ar
range for public playoffs between
living groups.
