# Sale of Lag Bids Opens Tomorrow
## 
### 
Today is the last day Lagunita
women alone can buy bids for Fri
day's "Balalaika Ball." Tomorrow
bids may be purchased by special
quests of Lagunita Court, accord
ing to Eloise Engle, general chair
man of the formal affair. The bids
sell for $3.
Russian motifs will set the "bala
laika" theme in the lobby and so
cial rooms. Candlelight and banks
of spring flowers will decorate the
Lagunita dining hall, said Bodo
Reed, decorations chairman.
Stan Robinson's music, "sweet
with a beat" will play from 9 to 1
for the dancers. A "food bar" will
be open at 11 p.m., according to
Carolyn Morris, refreshments chair
man.
Other committee chairmen are
Roberta Mace, clean-up; Charleen
Widmer, bids; Barbara Beddow, pa
trons and patronesses; Barbara
Ward, arrangements; and Sue Mor
row. publicity.
Today is the last day Lagunita
women alone can buy bids for Fri
day's "Balalaika Ball." Tomorrow
bids may be purchased by special
quests of Lagunita Court, accord
ing to Eloise Engle, general chair
man of the formal affair. The bids
sell for $3.
Russian motifs will set the "bala
laika" theme in the lobby and so
cial rooms. Candlelight and banks
of spring flowers will decorate the
Lagunita dining hall, said Bodo
Reed, decorations chairman.
Stan Robinson's music, "sweet
with a beat" will play from 9 to 1
for the dancers. A "food bar" will
be open at 11 p.m., according to
Carolyn Morris, refreshments chair
man.
Other committee chairmen are
Roberta Mace, clean-up; Charleen
Widmer, bids; Barbara Beddow, pa
trons and patronesses; Barbara
Ward, arrangements; and Sue Mor
row. publicity.
Today is the last day Lagunita
women alone can buy bids for Fri
day's "Balalaika Ball." Tomorrow
bids may be purchased by special
quests of Lagunita Court, accord
ing to Eloise Engle, general chair
man of the formal affair. The bids
sell for $3.
Russian motifs will set the "bala
laika" theme in the lobby and so
cial rooms. Candlelight and banks
of spring flowers will decorate the
Lagunita dining hall, said Bodo
Reed, decorations chairman.
Stan Robinson's music, "sweet
with a beat" will play from 9 to 1
for the dancers. A "food bar" will
be open at 11 p.m., according to
Carolyn Morris, refreshments chair
man.
Other committee chairmen are
Roberta Mace, clean-up; Charleen
Widmer, bids; Barbara Beddow, pa
trons and patronesses; Barbara
Ward, arrangements; and Sue Mor
row. publicity.
Today is the last day Lagunita
women alone can buy bids for Fri
day's "Balalaika Ball." Tomorrow
bids may be purchased by special
quests of Lagunita Court, accord
ing to Eloise Engle, general chair
man of the formal affair. The bids
sell for $3.
Russian motifs will set the "bala
laika" theme in the lobby and so
cial rooms. Candlelight and banks
of spring flowers will decorate the
Lagunita dining hall, said Bodo
Reed, decorations chairman.
Stan Robinson's music, "sweet
with a beat" will play from 9 to 1
for the dancers. A "food bar" will
be open at 11 p.m., according to
Carolyn Morris, refreshments chair
man.
Other committee chairmen are
Roberta Mace, clean-up; Charleen
Widmer, bids; Barbara Beddow, pa
trons and patronesses; Barbara
Ward, arrangements; and Sue Mor
row. publicity.
Today is the last day Lagunita
women alone can buy bids for Fri
day's "Balalaika Ball." Tomorrow
bids may be purchased by special
quests of Lagunita Court, accord
ing to Eloise Engle, general chair
man of the formal affair. The bids
sell for $3.
Russian motifs will set the "bala
laika" theme in the lobby and so
cial rooms. Candlelight and banks
of spring flowers will decorate the
Lagunita dining hall, said Bodo
Reed, decorations chairman.
Stan Robinson's music, "sweet
with a beat" will play from 9 to 1
for the dancers. A "food bar" will
be open at 11 p.m., according to
Carolyn Morris, refreshments chair
man.
Other committee chairmen are
Roberta Mace, clean-up; Charleen
Widmer, bids; Barbara Beddow, pa
trons and patronesses; Barbara
Ward, arrangements; and Sue Mor
row. publicity.
Today is the last day Lagunita
women alone can buy bids for Fri
day's "Balalaika Ball." Tomorrow
bids may be purchased by special
quests of Lagunita Court, accord
ing to Eloise Engle, general chair
man of the formal affair. The bids
sell for $3.
Russian motifs will set the "bala
laika" theme in the lobby and so
cial rooms. Candlelight and banks
of spring flowers will decorate the
Lagunita dining hall, said Bodo
Reed, decorations chairman.
Stan Robinson's music, "sweet
with a beat" will play from 9 to 1
for the dancers. A "food bar" will
be open at 11 p.m., according to
Carolyn Morris, refreshments chair
man.
Other committee chairmen are
Roberta Mace, clean-up; Charleen
Widmer, bids; Barbara Beddow, pa
trons and patronesses; Barbara
Ward, arrangements; and Sue Mor
row. publicity.
Today is the last day Lagunita
women alone can buy bids for Fri
day's "Balalaika Ball." Tomorrow
bids may be purchased by special
quests of Lagunita Court, accord
ing to Eloise Engle, general chair
man of the formal affair. The bids
sell for $3.
Russian motifs will set the "bala
laika" theme in the lobby and so
cial rooms. Candlelight and banks
of spring flowers will decorate the
Lagunita dining hall, said Bodo
Reed, decorations chairman.
Stan Robinson's music, "sweet
with a beat" will play from 9 to 1
for the dancers. A "food bar" will
be open at 11 p.m., according to
Carolyn Morris, refreshments chair
man.
Other committee chairmen are
Roberta Mace, clean-up; Charleen
Widmer, bids; Barbara Beddow, pa
trons and patronesses; Barbara
Ward, arrangements; and Sue Mor
row. publicity.
Today is the last day Lagunita
women alone can buy bids for Fri
day's "Balalaika Ball." Tomorrow
bids may be purchased by special
quests of Lagunita Court, accord
ing to Eloise Engle, general chair
man of the formal affair. The bids
sell for $3.
Russian motifs will set the "bala
laika" theme in the lobby and so
cial rooms. Candlelight and banks
of spring flowers will decorate the
Lagunita dining hall, said Bodo
Reed, decorations chairman.
Stan Robinson's music, "sweet
with a beat" will play from 9 to 1
for the dancers. A "food bar" will
be open at 11 p.m., according to
Carolyn Morris, refreshments chair
man.
Other committee chairmen are
Roberta Mace, clean-up; Charleen
Widmer, bids; Barbara Beddow, pa
trons and patronesses; Barbara
Ward, arrangements; and Sue Mor
row. publicity.
Today is the last day Lagunita
women alone can buy bids for Fri
day's "Balalaika Ball." Tomorrow
bids may be purchased by special
quests of Lagunita Court, accord
ing to Eloise Engle, general chair
man of the formal affair. The bids
sell for $3.
Russian motifs will set the "bala
laika" theme in the lobby and so
cial rooms. Candlelight and banks
of spring flowers will decorate the
Lagunita dining hall, said Bodo
Reed, decorations chairman.
Stan Robinson's music, "sweet
with a beat" will play from 9 to 1
for the dancers. A "food bar" will
be open at 11 p.m., according to
Carolyn Morris, refreshments chair
man.
Other committee chairmen are
Roberta Mace, clean-up; Charleen
Widmer, bids; Barbara Beddow, pa
trons and patronesses; Barbara
Ward, arrangements; and Sue Mor
row. publicity.
Today is the last day Lagunita
women alone can buy bids for Fri
day's "Balalaika Ball." Tomorrow
bids may be purchased by special
quests of Lagunita Court, accord
ing to Eloise Engle, general chair
man of the formal affair. The bids
sell for $3.
Russian motifs will set the "bala
laika" theme in the lobby and so
cial rooms. Candlelight and banks
of spring flowers will decorate the
Lagunita dining hall, said Bodo
Reed, decorations chairman.
Stan Robinson's music, "sweet
with a beat" will play from 9 to 1
for the dancers. A "food bar" will
be open at 11 p.m., according to
Carolyn Morris, refreshments chair
man.
Other committee chairmen are
Roberta Mace, clean-up; Charleen
Widmer, bids; Barbara Beddow, pa
trons and patronesses; Barbara
Ward, arrangements; and Sue Mor
row. publicity.
Today is the last day Lagunita
women alone can buy bids for Fri
day's "Balalaika Ball." Tomorrow
bids may be purchased by special
quests of Lagunita Court, accord
ing to Eloise Engle, general chair
man of the formal affair. The bids
sell for $3.
Russian motifs will set the "bala
laika" theme in the lobby and so
cial rooms. Candlelight and banks
of spring flowers will decorate the
Lagunita dining hall, said Bodo
Reed, decorations chairman.
Stan Robinson's music, "sweet
with a beat" will play from 9 to 1
for the dancers. A "food bar" will
be open at 11 p.m., according to
Carolyn Morris, refreshments chair
man.
Other committee chairmen are
Roberta Mace, clean-up; Charleen
Widmer, bids; Barbara Beddow, pa
trons and patronesses; Barbara
Ward, arrangements; and Sue Mor
row. publicity.
Today is the last day Lagunita
women alone can buy bids for Fri
day's "Balalaika Ball." Tomorrow
bids may be purchased by special
quests of Lagunita Court, accord
ing to Eloise Engle, general chair
man of the formal affair. The bids
sell for $3.
Russian motifs will set the "bala
laika" theme in the lobby and so
cial rooms. Candlelight and banks
of spring flowers will decorate the
Lagunita dining hall, said Bodo
Reed, decorations chairman.
Stan Robinson's music, "sweet
with a beat" will play from 9 to 1
for the dancers. A "food bar" will
be open at 11 p.m., according to
Carolyn Morris, refreshments chair
man.
Other committee chairmen are
Roberta Mace, clean-up; Charleen
Widmer, bids; Barbara Beddow, pa
trons and patronesses; Barbara
Ward, arrangements; and Sue Mor
row. publicity.
Today is the last day Lagunita
women alone can buy bids for Fri
day's "Balalaika Ball." Tomorrow
bids may be purchased by special
quests of Lagunita Court, accord
ing to Eloise Engle, general chair
man of the formal affair. The bids
sell for $3.
Russian motifs will set the "bala
laika" theme in the lobby and so
cial rooms. Candlelight and banks
of spring flowers will decorate the
Lagunita dining hall, said Bodo
Reed, decorations chairman.
Stan Robinson's music, "sweet
with a beat" will play from 9 to 1
for the dancers. A "food bar" will
be open at 11 p.m., according to
Carolyn Morris, refreshments chair
man.
Other committee chairmen are
Roberta Mace, clean-up; Charleen
Widmer, bids; Barbara Beddow, pa
trons and patronesses; Barbara
Ward, arrangements; and Sue Mor
row. publicity.
Today is the last day Lagunita
women alone can buy bids for Fri
day's "Balalaika Ball." Tomorrow
bids may be purchased by special
quests of Lagunita Court, accord
ing to Eloise Engle, general chair
man of the formal affair. The bids
sell for $3.
Russian motifs will set the "bala
laika" theme in the lobby and so
cial rooms. Candlelight and banks
of spring flowers will decorate the
Lagunita dining hall, said Bodo
Reed, decorations chairman.
Stan Robinson's music, "sweet
with a beat" will play from 9 to 1
for the dancers. A "food bar" will
be open at 11 p.m., according to
Carolyn Morris, refreshments chair
man.
Other committee chairmen are
Roberta Mace, clean-up; Charleen
Widmer, bids; Barbara Beddow, pa
trons and patronesses; Barbara
Ward, arrangements; and Sue Mor
row. publicity.
Today is the last day Lagunita
women alone can buy bids for Fri
day's "Balalaika Ball." Tomorrow
bids may be purchased by special
quests of Lagunita Court, accord
ing to Eloise Engle, general chair
man of the formal affair. The bids
sell for $3.
Russian motifs will set the "bala
laika" theme in the lobby and so
cial rooms. Candlelight and banks
of spring flowers will decorate the
Lagunita dining hall, said Bodo
Reed, decorations chairman.
Stan Robinson's music, "sweet
with a beat" will play from 9 to 1
for the dancers. A "food bar" will
be open at 11 p.m., according to
Carolyn Morris, refreshments chair
man.
Other committee chairmen are
Roberta Mace, clean-up; Charleen
Widmer, bids; Barbara Beddow, pa
trons and patronesses; Barbara
Ward, arrangements; and Sue Mor
row. publicity.
