# QUEER BEER
## 
### 
Sign in the window of a St. Louis
tavern: "Beer by appointment only."
Sign in the window of a St. Louis
tavern: "Beer by appointment only."
Sign in the window of a St. Louis
tavern: "Beer by appointment only."
Sign in the window of a St. Louis
tavern: "Beer by appointment only."
Sign in the window of a St. Louis
tavern: "Beer by appointment only."
Sign in the window of a St. Louis
tavern: "Beer by appointment only."
Sign in the window of a St. Louis
tavern: "Beer by appointment only."
Sign in the window of a St. Louis
tavern: "Beer by appointment only."
Sign in the window of a St. Louis
tavern: "Beer by appointment only."
Sign in the window of a St. Louis
tavern: "Beer by appointment only."
Sign in the window of a St. Louis
tavern: "Beer by appointment only."
Sign in the window of a St. Louis
tavern: "Beer by appointment only."
Sign in the window of a St. Louis
tavern: "Beer by appointment only."
Sign in the window of a St. Louis
tavern: "Beer by appointment only."
Sign in the window of a St. Louis
tavern: "Beer by appointment only."
