# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Sunday's Axe theft marked the
fourth time the famed symbol of
Cal-Stanford rivalry has been sto
len from the Farm.
Sunday's Axe theft marked the
fourth time the famed symbol of
Cal-Stanford rivalry has been sto
len from the Farm.
Sunday's Axe theft marked the
fourth time the famed symbol of
Cal-Stanford rivalry has been sto
len from the Farm.
Sunday's Axe theft marked the
fourth time the famed symbol of
Cal-Stanford rivalry has been sto
len from the Farm.
Sunday's Axe theft marked the
fourth time the famed symbol of
Cal-Stanford rivalry has been sto
len from the Farm.
Sunday's Axe theft marked the
fourth time the famed symbol of
Cal-Stanford rivalry has been sto
len from the Farm.
Sunday's Axe theft marked the
fourth time the famed symbol of
Cal-Stanford rivalry has been sto
len from the Farm.
Sunday's Axe theft marked the
fourth time the famed symbol of
Cal-Stanford rivalry has been sto
len from the Farm.
Sunday's Axe theft marked the
fourth time the famed symbol of
Cal-Stanford rivalry has been sto
len from the Farm.
Sunday's Axe theft marked the
fourth time the famed symbol of
Cal-Stanford rivalry has been sto
len from the Farm.
Sunday's Axe theft marked the
fourth time the famed symbol of
Cal-Stanford rivalry has been sto
len from the Farm.
Sunday's Axe theft marked the
fourth time the famed symbol of
Cal-Stanford rivalry has been sto
len from the Farm.
Sunday's Axe theft marked the
fourth time the famed symbol of
Cal-Stanford rivalry has been sto
len from the Farm.
Sunday's Axe theft marked the
fourth time the famed symbol of
Cal-Stanford rivalry has been sto
len from the Farm.
Sunday's Axe theft marked the
fourth time the famed symbol of
Cal-Stanford rivalry has been sto
len from the Farm.
