# 'Bawlout' Will No Longer 'Bawl Out'
## 
### 
The hawlout won't bawl you
out any more.
For those that ride the plus
minus circuit and like to know
how other passengers fare, let it
be known that grade points will
not be printed in the new bawl
out, to be published shortly by
the Stanford Press.
Some alert reporter (a mite mi
nus mebbe) finagled his way into
the Press and saw the proofs—
that's proof enough to make it of
ficial.
The hawlout won't bawl you
out any more.
For those that ride the plus
minus circuit and like to know
how other passengers fare, let it
be known that grade points will
not be printed in the new bawl
out, to be published shortly by
the Stanford Press.
Some alert reporter (a mite mi
nus mebbe) finagled his way into
the Press and saw the proofs—
that's proof enough to make it of
ficial.
The hawlout won't bawl you
out any more.
For those that ride the plus
minus circuit and like to know
how other passengers fare, let it
be known that grade points will
not be printed in the new bawl
out, to be published shortly by
the Stanford Press.
Some alert reporter (a mite mi
nus mebbe) finagled his way into
the Press and saw the proofs—
that's proof enough to make it of
ficial.
The hawlout won't bawl you
out any more.
For those that ride the plus
minus circuit and like to know
how other passengers fare, let it
be known that grade points will
not be printed in the new bawl
out, to be published shortly by
the Stanford Press.
Some alert reporter (a mite mi
nus mebbe) finagled his way into
the Press and saw the proofs—
that's proof enough to make it of
ficial.
The hawlout won't bawl you
out any more.
For those that ride the plus
minus circuit and like to know
how other passengers fare, let it
be known that grade points will
not be printed in the new bawl
out, to be published shortly by
the Stanford Press.
Some alert reporter (a mite mi
nus mebbe) finagled his way into
the Press and saw the proofs—
that's proof enough to make it of
ficial.
The hawlout won't bawl you
out any more.
For those that ride the plus
minus circuit and like to know
how other passengers fare, let it
be known that grade points will
not be printed in the new bawl
out, to be published shortly by
the Stanford Press.
Some alert reporter (a mite mi
nus mebbe) finagled his way into
the Press and saw the proofs—
that's proof enough to make it of
ficial.
The hawlout won't bawl you
out any more.
For those that ride the plus
minus circuit and like to know
how other passengers fare, let it
be known that grade points will
not be printed in the new bawl
out, to be published shortly by
the Stanford Press.
Some alert reporter (a mite mi
nus mebbe) finagled his way into
the Press and saw the proofs—
that's proof enough to make it of
ficial.
The hawlout won't bawl you
out any more.
For those that ride the plus
minus circuit and like to know
how other passengers fare, let it
be known that grade points will
not be printed in the new bawl
out, to be published shortly by
the Stanford Press.
Some alert reporter (a mite mi
nus mebbe) finagled his way into
the Press and saw the proofs—
that's proof enough to make it of
ficial.
The hawlout won't bawl you
out any more.
For those that ride the plus
minus circuit and like to know
how other passengers fare, let it
be known that grade points will
not be printed in the new bawl
out, to be published shortly by
the Stanford Press.
Some alert reporter (a mite mi
nus mebbe) finagled his way into
the Press and saw the proofs—
that's proof enough to make it of
ficial.
The hawlout won't bawl you
out any more.
For those that ride the plus
minus circuit and like to know
how other passengers fare, let it
be known that grade points will
not be printed in the new bawl
out, to be published shortly by
the Stanford Press.
Some alert reporter (a mite mi
nus mebbe) finagled his way into
the Press and saw the proofs—
that's proof enough to make it of
ficial.
The hawlout won't bawl you
out any more.
For those that ride the plus
minus circuit and like to know
how other passengers fare, let it
be known that grade points will
not be printed in the new bawl
out, to be published shortly by
the Stanford Press.
Some alert reporter (a mite mi
nus mebbe) finagled his way into
the Press and saw the proofs—
that's proof enough to make it of
ficial.
The hawlout won't bawl you
out any more.
For those that ride the plus
minus circuit and like to know
how other passengers fare, let it
be known that grade points will
not be printed in the new bawl
out, to be published shortly by
the Stanford Press.
Some alert reporter (a mite mi
nus mebbe) finagled his way into
the Press and saw the proofs—
that's proof enough to make it of
ficial.
The hawlout won't bawl you
out any more.
For those that ride the plus
minus circuit and like to know
how other passengers fare, let it
be known that grade points will
not be printed in the new bawl
out, to be published shortly by
the Stanford Press.
Some alert reporter (a mite mi
nus mebbe) finagled his way into
the Press and saw the proofs—
that's proof enough to make it of
ficial.
The hawlout won't bawl you
out any more.
For those that ride the plus
minus circuit and like to know
how other passengers fare, let it
be known that grade points will
not be printed in the new bawl
out, to be published shortly by
the Stanford Press.
Some alert reporter (a mite mi
nus mebbe) finagled his way into
the Press and saw the proofs—
that's proof enough to make it of
ficial.
The hawlout won't bawl you
out any more.
For those that ride the plus
minus circuit and like to know
how other passengers fare, let it
be known that grade points will
not be printed in the new bawl
out, to be published shortly by
the Stanford Press.
Some alert reporter (a mite mi
nus mebbe) finagled his way into
the Press and saw the proofs—
that's proof enough to make it of
ficial.
