# Interclass Swim Meet Postponed Two Weeks
## 
### 
Last Saturday's interclass swim
ming meet was postponed because of
bad weather and will be held Sat
urday February 4 in Encina pool.
This week-end, the varsity water
polo team meets the Olympic Club
in the first game of the Northern
California League, which will un
doubtedly be one of the Indians'
toughest games of the season.
Last Saturday's interclass swim
ming meet was postponed because of
bad weather and will be held Sat
urday February 4 in Encina pool.
This week-end, the varsity water
polo team meets the Olympic Club
in the first game of the Northern
California League, which will un
doubtedly be one of the Indians'
toughest games of the season.
Last Saturday's interclass swim
ming meet was postponed because of
bad weather and will be held Sat
urday February 4 in Encina pool.
This week-end, the varsity water
polo team meets the Olympic Club
in the first game of the Northern
California League, which will un
doubtedly be one of the Indians'
toughest games of the season.
Last Saturday's interclass swim
ming meet was postponed because of
bad weather and will be held Sat
urday February 4 in Encina pool.
This week-end, the varsity water
polo team meets the Olympic Club
in the first game of the Northern
California League, which will un
doubtedly be one of the Indians'
toughest games of the season.
Last Saturday's interclass swim
ming meet was postponed because of
bad weather and will be held Sat
urday February 4 in Encina pool.
This week-end, the varsity water
polo team meets the Olympic Club
in the first game of the Northern
California League, which will un
doubtedly be one of the Indians'
toughest games of the season.
Last Saturday's interclass swim
ming meet was postponed because of
bad weather and will be held Sat
urday February 4 in Encina pool.
This week-end, the varsity water
polo team meets the Olympic Club
in the first game of the Northern
California League, which will un
doubtedly be one of the Indians'
toughest games of the season.
Last Saturday's interclass swim
ming meet was postponed because of
bad weather and will be held Sat
urday February 4 in Encina pool.
This week-end, the varsity water
polo team meets the Olympic Club
in the first game of the Northern
California League, which will un
doubtedly be one of the Indians'
toughest games of the season.
Last Saturday's interclass swim
ming meet was postponed because of
bad weather and will be held Sat
urday February 4 in Encina pool.
This week-end, the varsity water
polo team meets the Olympic Club
in the first game of the Northern
California League, which will un
doubtedly be one of the Indians'
toughest games of the season.
Last Saturday's interclass swim
ming meet was postponed because of
bad weather and will be held Sat
urday February 4 in Encina pool.
This week-end, the varsity water
polo team meets the Olympic Club
in the first game of the Northern
California League, which will un
doubtedly be one of the Indians'
toughest games of the season.
Last Saturday's interclass swim
ming meet was postponed because of
bad weather and will be held Sat
urday February 4 in Encina pool.
This week-end, the varsity water
polo team meets the Olympic Club
in the first game of the Northern
California League, which will un
doubtedly be one of the Indians'
toughest games of the season.
Last Saturday's interclass swim
ming meet was postponed because of
bad weather and will be held Sat
urday February 4 in Encina pool.
This week-end, the varsity water
polo team meets the Olympic Club
in the first game of the Northern
California League, which will un
doubtedly be one of the Indians'
toughest games of the season.
Last Saturday's interclass swim
ming meet was postponed because of
bad weather and will be held Sat
urday February 4 in Encina pool.
This week-end, the varsity water
polo team meets the Olympic Club
in the first game of the Northern
California League, which will un
doubtedly be one of the Indians'
toughest games of the season.
Last Saturday's interclass swim
ming meet was postponed because of
bad weather and will be held Sat
urday February 4 in Encina pool.
This week-end, the varsity water
polo team meets the Olympic Club
in the first game of the Northern
California League, which will un
doubtedly be one of the Indians'
toughest games of the season.
Last Saturday's interclass swim
ming meet was postponed because of
bad weather and will be held Sat
urday February 4 in Encina pool.
This week-end, the varsity water
polo team meets the Olympic Club
in the first game of the Northern
California League, which will un
doubtedly be one of the Indians'
toughest games of the season.
