# Student Relief Plans Make No New Progress
## 
### 
Stanford student relief plans have
made no progress since last week.
Bill Corbus, A.S.S.U. president,
when interviewed last night on the
tentative plans for a campus relief
drive, stated that the Student Re
lief Committee had not met over the
week-end. He also .said that when
the committee had made its deci
sions there would he a general as
sembly called, probably some time
this week, to acquaint the students
with the details of the drive.
Stanford student relief plans have
made no progress since last week.
Bill Corbus, A.S.S.U. president,
when interviewed last night on the
tentative plans for a campus relief
drive, stated that the Student Re
lief Committee had not met over the
week-end. He also .said that when
the committee had made its deci
sions there would he a general as
sembly called, probably some time
this week, to acquaint the students
with the details of the drive.
Stanford student relief plans have
made no progress since last week.
Bill Corbus, A.S.S.U. president,
when interviewed last night on the
tentative plans for a campus relief
drive, stated that the Student Re
lief Committee had not met over the
week-end. He also .said that when
the committee had made its deci
sions there would he a general as
sembly called, probably some time
this week, to acquaint the students
with the details of the drive.
Stanford student relief plans have
made no progress since last week.
Bill Corbus, A.S.S.U. president,
when interviewed last night on the
tentative plans for a campus relief
drive, stated that the Student Re
lief Committee had not met over the
week-end. He also .said that when
the committee had made its deci
sions there would he a general as
sembly called, probably some time
this week, to acquaint the students
with the details of the drive.
Stanford student relief plans have
made no progress since last week.
Bill Corbus, A.S.S.U. president,
when interviewed last night on the
tentative plans for a campus relief
drive, stated that the Student Re
lief Committee had not met over the
week-end. He also .said that when
the committee had made its deci
sions there would he a general as
sembly called, probably some time
this week, to acquaint the students
with the details of the drive.
Stanford student relief plans have
made no progress since last week.
Bill Corbus, A.S.S.U. president,
when interviewed last night on the
tentative plans for a campus relief
drive, stated that the Student Re
lief Committee had not met over the
week-end. He also .said that when
the committee had made its deci
sions there would he a general as
sembly called, probably some time
this week, to acquaint the students
with the details of the drive.
Stanford student relief plans have
made no progress since last week.
Bill Corbus, A.S.S.U. president,
when interviewed last night on the
tentative plans for a campus relief
drive, stated that the Student Re
lief Committee had not met over the
week-end. He also .said that when
the committee had made its deci
sions there would he a general as
sembly called, probably some time
this week, to acquaint the students
with the details of the drive.
Stanford student relief plans have
made no progress since last week.
Bill Corbus, A.S.S.U. president,
when interviewed last night on the
tentative plans for a campus relief
drive, stated that the Student Re
lief Committee had not met over the
week-end. He also .said that when
the committee had made its deci
sions there would he a general as
sembly called, probably some time
this week, to acquaint the students
with the details of the drive.
Stanford student relief plans have
made no progress since last week.
Bill Corbus, A.S.S.U. president,
when interviewed last night on the
tentative plans for a campus relief
drive, stated that the Student Re
lief Committee had not met over the
week-end. He also .said that when
the committee had made its deci
sions there would he a general as
sembly called, probably some time
this week, to acquaint the students
with the details of the drive.
Stanford student relief plans have
made no progress since last week.
Bill Corbus, A.S.S.U. president,
when interviewed last night on the
tentative plans for a campus relief
drive, stated that the Student Re
lief Committee had not met over the
week-end. He also .said that when
the committee had made its deci
sions there would he a general as
sembly called, probably some time
this week, to acquaint the students
with the details of the drive.
Stanford student relief plans have
made no progress since last week.
Bill Corbus, A.S.S.U. president,
when interviewed last night on the
tentative plans for a campus relief
drive, stated that the Student Re
lief Committee had not met over the
week-end. He also .said that when
the committee had made its deci
sions there would he a general as
sembly called, probably some time
this week, to acquaint the students
with the details of the drive.
Stanford student relief plans have
made no progress since last week.
Bill Corbus, A.S.S.U. president,
when interviewed last night on the
tentative plans for a campus relief
drive, stated that the Student Re
lief Committee had not met over the
week-end. He also .said that when
the committee had made its deci
sions there would he a general as
sembly called, probably some time
this week, to acquaint the students
with the details of the drive.
Stanford student relief plans have
made no progress since last week.
Bill Corbus, A.S.S.U. president,
when interviewed last night on the
tentative plans for a campus relief
drive, stated that the Student Re
lief Committee had not met over the
week-end. He also .said that when
the committee had made its deci
sions there would he a general as
sembly called, probably some time
this week, to acquaint the students
with the details of the drive.
Stanford student relief plans have
made no progress since last week.
Bill Corbus, A.S.S.U. president,
when interviewed last night on the
tentative plans for a campus relief
drive, stated that the Student Re
lief Committee had not met over the
week-end. He also .said that when
the committee had made its deci
sions there would he a general as
sembly called, probably some time
this week, to acquaint the students
with the details of the drive.
