# Watercolor Paintings On Display At Art Gallery
## 
### 
Watercolors predominate in this
week's exhibit at the Thomas Wel
ton Art Gallery as Seward H. Rath
burn and Howe Williams show two
dozen pictures each.
Inspii ations for Rathbun's pictures
stretch across the United States, as
the artist pictures commonplace
scenes from Washington, D.C., to
sand dunes on the Pacific Coast.
While most of his work consists of
architectural settings, Rathburn has
one figure study worthy of note en
titled "Sun Bathers and Sand."
Concluding the exhibit are the,
canvases of Williams, which consist'
of landscapes of Arizona deserts and
sage brush and arches from Sunny
Spain. Rathburn's pictures will re
main on exhibit until February 8,
while those of Williams will be re
moved January 29.
Watercolors predominate in this
week's exhibit at the Thomas Wel
ton Art Gallery as Seward H. Rath
burn and Howe Williams show two
dozen pictures each.
Inspii ations for Rathbun's pictures
stretch across the United States, as
the artist pictures commonplace
scenes from Washington, D.C., to
sand dunes on the Pacific Coast.
While most of his work consists of
architectural settings, Rathburn has
one figure study worthy of note en
titled "Sun Bathers and Sand."
Concluding the exhibit are the,
canvases of Williams, which consist'
of landscapes of Arizona deserts and
sage brush and arches from Sunny
Spain. Rathburn's pictures will re
main on exhibit until February 8,
while those of Williams will be re
moved January 29.
Watercolors predominate in this
week's exhibit at the Thomas Wel
ton Art Gallery as Seward H. Rath
burn and Howe Williams show two
dozen pictures each.
Inspii ations for Rathbun's pictures
stretch across the United States, as
the artist pictures commonplace
scenes from Washington, D.C., to
sand dunes on the Pacific Coast.
While most of his work consists of
architectural settings, Rathburn has
one figure study worthy of note en
titled "Sun Bathers and Sand."
Concluding the exhibit are the,
canvases of Williams, which consist'
of landscapes of Arizona deserts and
sage brush and arches from Sunny
Spain. Rathburn's pictures will re
main on exhibit until February 8,
while those of Williams will be re
moved January 29.
Watercolors predominate in this
week's exhibit at the Thomas Wel
ton Art Gallery as Seward H. Rath
burn and Howe Williams show two
dozen pictures each.
Inspii ations for Rathbun's pictures
stretch across the United States, as
the artist pictures commonplace
scenes from Washington, D.C., to
sand dunes on the Pacific Coast.
While most of his work consists of
architectural settings, Rathburn has
one figure study worthy of note en
titled "Sun Bathers and Sand."
Concluding the exhibit are the,
canvases of Williams, which consist'
of landscapes of Arizona deserts and
sage brush and arches from Sunny
Spain. Rathburn's pictures will re
main on exhibit until February 8,
while those of Williams will be re
moved January 29.
Watercolors predominate in this
week's exhibit at the Thomas Wel
ton Art Gallery as Seward H. Rath
burn and Howe Williams show two
dozen pictures each.
Inspii ations for Rathbun's pictures
stretch across the United States, as
the artist pictures commonplace
scenes from Washington, D.C., to
sand dunes on the Pacific Coast.
While most of his work consists of
architectural settings, Rathburn has
one figure study worthy of note en
titled "Sun Bathers and Sand."
Concluding the exhibit are the,
canvases of Williams, which consist'
of landscapes of Arizona deserts and
sage brush and arches from Sunny
Spain. Rathburn's pictures will re
main on exhibit until February 8,
while those of Williams will be re
moved January 29.
Watercolors predominate in this
week's exhibit at the Thomas Wel
ton Art Gallery as Seward H. Rath
burn and Howe Williams show two
dozen pictures each.
Inspii ations for Rathbun's pictures
stretch across the United States, as
the artist pictures commonplace
scenes from Washington, D.C., to
sand dunes on the Pacific Coast.
While most of his work consists of
architectural settings, Rathburn has
one figure study worthy of note en
titled "Sun Bathers and Sand."
Concluding the exhibit are the,
canvases of Williams, which consist'
of landscapes of Arizona deserts and
sage brush and arches from Sunny
Spain. Rathburn's pictures will re
main on exhibit until February 8,
while those of Williams will be re
moved January 29.
Watercolors predominate in this
week's exhibit at the Thomas Wel
ton Art Gallery as Seward H. Rath
burn and Howe Williams show two
dozen pictures each.
Inspii ations for Rathbun's pictures
stretch across the United States, as
the artist pictures commonplace
scenes from Washington, D.C., to
sand dunes on the Pacific Coast.
While most of his work consists of
architectural settings, Rathburn has
one figure study worthy of note en
titled "Sun Bathers and Sand."
Concluding the exhibit are the,
canvases of Williams, which consist'
of landscapes of Arizona deserts and
sage brush and arches from Sunny
Spain. Rathburn's pictures will re
main on exhibit until February 8,
while those of Williams will be re
moved January 29.
Watercolors predominate in this
week's exhibit at the Thomas Wel
ton Art Gallery as Seward H. Rath
burn and Howe Williams show two
dozen pictures each.
Inspii ations for Rathbun's pictures
stretch across the United States, as
the artist pictures commonplace
scenes from Washington, D.C., to
sand dunes on the Pacific Coast.
While most of his work consists of
architectural settings, Rathburn has
one figure study worthy of note en
titled "Sun Bathers and Sand."
Concluding the exhibit are the,
canvases of Williams, which consist'
of landscapes of Arizona deserts and
sage brush and arches from Sunny
Spain. Rathburn's pictures will re
main on exhibit until February 8,
while those of Williams will be re
moved January 29.
Watercolors predominate in this
week's exhibit at the Thomas Wel
ton Art Gallery as Seward H. Rath
burn and Howe Williams show two
dozen pictures each.
Inspii ations for Rathbun's pictures
stretch across the United States, as
the artist pictures commonplace
scenes from Washington, D.C., to
sand dunes on the Pacific Coast.
While most of his work consists of
architectural settings, Rathburn has
one figure study worthy of note en
titled "Sun Bathers and Sand."
Concluding the exhibit are the,
canvases of Williams, which consist'
of landscapes of Arizona deserts and
sage brush and arches from Sunny
Spain. Rathburn's pictures will re
main on exhibit until February 8,
while those of Williams will be re
moved January 29.
Watercolors predominate in this
week's exhibit at the Thomas Wel
ton Art Gallery as Seward H. Rath
burn and Howe Williams show two
dozen pictures each.
Inspii ations for Rathbun's pictures
stretch across the United States, as
the artist pictures commonplace
scenes from Washington, D.C., to
sand dunes on the Pacific Coast.
While most of his work consists of
architectural settings, Rathburn has
one figure study worthy of note en
titled "Sun Bathers and Sand."
Concluding the exhibit are the,
canvases of Williams, which consist'
of landscapes of Arizona deserts and
sage brush and arches from Sunny
Spain. Rathburn's pictures will re
main on exhibit until February 8,
while those of Williams will be re
moved January 29.
Watercolors predominate in this
week's exhibit at the Thomas Wel
ton Art Gallery as Seward H. Rath
burn and Howe Williams show two
dozen pictures each.
Inspii ations for Rathbun's pictures
stretch across the United States, as
the artist pictures commonplace
scenes from Washington, D.C., to
sand dunes on the Pacific Coast.
While most of his work consists of
architectural settings, Rathburn has
one figure study worthy of note en
titled "Sun Bathers and Sand."
Concluding the exhibit are the,
canvases of Williams, which consist'
of landscapes of Arizona deserts and
sage brush and arches from Sunny
Spain. Rathburn's pictures will re
main on exhibit until February 8,
while those of Williams will be re
moved January 29.
Watercolors predominate in this
week's exhibit at the Thomas Wel
ton Art Gallery as Seward H. Rath
burn and Howe Williams show two
dozen pictures each.
Inspii ations for Rathbun's pictures
stretch across the United States, as
the artist pictures commonplace
scenes from Washington, D.C., to
sand dunes on the Pacific Coast.
While most of his work consists of
architectural settings, Rathburn has
one figure study worthy of note en
titled "Sun Bathers and Sand."
Concluding the exhibit are the,
canvases of Williams, which consist'
of landscapes of Arizona deserts and
sage brush and arches from Sunny
Spain. Rathburn's pictures will re
main on exhibit until February 8,
while those of Williams will be re
moved January 29.
Watercolors predominate in this
week's exhibit at the Thomas Wel
ton Art Gallery as Seward H. Rath
burn and Howe Williams show two
dozen pictures each.
Inspii ations for Rathbun's pictures
stretch across the United States, as
the artist pictures commonplace
scenes from Washington, D.C., to
sand dunes on the Pacific Coast.
While most of his work consists of
architectural settings, Rathburn has
one figure study worthy of note en
titled "Sun Bathers and Sand."
Concluding the exhibit are the,
canvases of Williams, which consist'
of landscapes of Arizona deserts and
sage brush and arches from Sunny
Spain. Rathburn's pictures will re
main on exhibit until February 8,
while those of Williams will be re
moved January 29.
Watercolors predominate in this
week's exhibit at the Thomas Wel
ton Art Gallery as Seward H. Rath
burn and Howe Williams show two
dozen pictures each.
Inspii ations for Rathbun's pictures
stretch across the United States, as
the artist pictures commonplace
scenes from Washington, D.C., to
sand dunes on the Pacific Coast.
While most of his work consists of
architectural settings, Rathburn has
one figure study worthy of note en
titled "Sun Bathers and Sand."
Concluding the exhibit are the,
canvases of Williams, which consist'
of landscapes of Arizona deserts and
sage brush and arches from Sunny
Spain. Rathburn's pictures will re
main on exhibit until February 8,
while those of Williams will be re
moved January 29.
