# GAMMA PHI PLEDGE
## 
### 
Gamma Phi Beta announces the
pledging of Vivian Beatrice Blair,
'33.
Gamma Phi Beta announces the
pledging of Vivian Beatrice Blair,
'33.
Gamma Phi Beta announces the
pledging of Vivian Beatrice Blair,
'33.
Gamma Phi Beta announces the
pledging of Vivian Beatrice Blair,
'33.
Gamma Phi Beta announces the
pledging of Vivian Beatrice Blair,
'33.
Gamma Phi Beta announces the
pledging of Vivian Beatrice Blair,
'33.
Gamma Phi Beta announces the
pledging of Vivian Beatrice Blair,
'33.
Gamma Phi Beta announces the
pledging of Vivian Beatrice Blair,
'33.
Gamma Phi Beta announces the
pledging of Vivian Beatrice Blair,
'33.
Gamma Phi Beta announces the
pledging of Vivian Beatrice Blair,
'33.
Gamma Phi Beta announces the
pledging of Vivian Beatrice Blair,
'33.
Gamma Phi Beta announces the
pledging of Vivian Beatrice Blair,
'33.
Gamma Phi Beta announces the
pledging of Vivian Beatrice Blair,
'33.
Gamma Phi Beta announces the
pledging of Vivian Beatrice Blair,
'33.
