# AUDIENCE PLEASED BY SPANISH PLAY
## 
### Charles Chappell 
An enthusiastic audience that
filled the Little Theatre Friday night
saw a clever presentation by the
Spanish Club of "Dona Clarines.' A
talented cast and the able direction
of John T. Reid, instructor in the
Romanic Languages department,
combined successfully to entertain
an audience only a small part of
which could understand Spanish.
Frances Slanina in the title role
probably gave the outstanding per
formance of the evening. Her previ
ous experience in language parts was
quite apparent in the skillful way
in which she handled the lead.
Phyllis Wilson, as Marcella, the
ingenue lead, charmed the audience
with her interpretation of the emo
tional scenes contained in her part.
Carlos Odriozola, as the uncle, was
exceptionally good, and Miguel Go
mez, although somewhat inexperi
enced, was adequate enough as the
hero.
.Others who turned in good per
formances in smaller roles were An
gelina Alustiza, Mary Louise La
Venture, Theodore McAllister, Art
Azevedo, and Eugenio Torreblanca.
CHAPEL HILL, N.C., Jan. 22 (/P.)
â€”University of North Carolina sen
iors have decided to donate the $500
surplus of their treasury to the Stu
dent Loan Fund. The action was
taken by the executive committee of
the Class of 1933.
