# KAPPA SIG PLEDGE
## 
### 
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Jesse Lewis Ray '35.
Thomas Welton Stanford Art Gal
lery.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Jesse Lewis Ray '35.
Thomas Welton Stanford Art Gal
lery.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Jesse Lewis Ray '35.
Thomas Welton Stanford Art Gal
lery.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Jesse Lewis Ray '35.
Thomas Welton Stanford Art Gal
lery.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Jesse Lewis Ray '35.
Thomas Welton Stanford Art Gal
lery.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Jesse Lewis Ray '35.
Thomas Welton Stanford Art Gal
lery.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Jesse Lewis Ray '35.
Thomas Welton Stanford Art Gal
lery.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Jesse Lewis Ray '35.
Thomas Welton Stanford Art Gal
lery.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Jesse Lewis Ray '35.
Thomas Welton Stanford Art Gal
lery.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Jesse Lewis Ray '35.
Thomas Welton Stanford Art Gal
lery.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Jesse Lewis Ray '35.
Thomas Welton Stanford Art Gal
lery.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Jesse Lewis Ray '35.
Thomas Welton Stanford Art Gal
lery.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Jesse Lewis Ray '35.
Thomas Welton Stanford Art Gal
lery.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Jesse Lewis Ray '35.
Thomas Welton Stanford Art Gal
lery.
