# Voting Results LASSU Topic
## 
### 
Legislature will review the election
results at a meeting tonight at 7:30
in Room 320.
Speaker Jay Kadane will introduce
a resolution calling on the Committee
of Fifteen to consider the possibility
of establishing a community govern
ment embracing students, faculty, and
administration.
Carl Anderson, Martin Gerry, Tim
Haight, Cris Heskett, David Heskett,
Carl Schmidt, Jerome Silbergeld, and
Frank Verlot will introduce a reso
lution that: "The ASSU shall not con
sider it a violation of the Fundamental
Standard for students to consume alco
holic beverages, in accordance with
state law, anywhere on the Stanford
campus, with the exception of aca
demic areas, but including such areas
as Lake Lagunita, the intramural play
ing fields, Frost Amphitheater, the
Stanford Stadium, and the lawns sur
rounding student residences."
Legislature will review the election
results at a meeting tonight at 7:30
in Room 320.
Speaker Jay Kadane will introduce
a resolution calling on the Committee
of Fifteen to consider the possibility
of establishing a community govern
ment embracing students, faculty, and
administration.
Carl Anderson, Martin Gerry, Tim
Haight, Cris Heskett, David Heskett,
Carl Schmidt, Jerome Silbergeld, and
Frank Verlot will introduce a reso
lution that: "The ASSU shall not con
sider it a violation of the Fundamental
Standard for students to consume alco
holic beverages, in accordance with
state law, anywhere on the Stanford
campus, with the exception of aca
demic areas, but including such areas
as Lake Lagunita, the intramural play
ing fields, Frost Amphitheater, the
Stanford Stadium, and the lawns sur
rounding student residences."
Legislature will review the election
results at a meeting tonight at 7:30
in Room 320.
Speaker Jay Kadane will introduce
a resolution calling on the Committee
of Fifteen to consider the possibility
of establishing a community govern
ment embracing students, faculty, and
administration.
Carl Anderson, Martin Gerry, Tim
Haight, Cris Heskett, David Heskett,
Carl Schmidt, Jerome Silbergeld, and
Frank Verlot will introduce a reso
lution that: "The ASSU shall not con
sider it a violation of the Fundamental
Standard for students to consume alco
holic beverages, in accordance with
state law, anywhere on the Stanford
campus, with the exception of aca
demic areas, but including such areas
as Lake Lagunita, the intramural play
ing fields, Frost Amphitheater, the
Stanford Stadium, and the lawns sur
rounding student residences."
Legislature will review the election
results at a meeting tonight at 7:30
in Room 320.
Speaker Jay Kadane will introduce
a resolution calling on the Committee
of Fifteen to consider the possibility
of establishing a community govern
ment embracing students, faculty, and
administration.
Carl Anderson, Martin Gerry, Tim
Haight, Cris Heskett, David Heskett,
Carl Schmidt, Jerome Silbergeld, and
Frank Verlot will introduce a reso
lution that: "The ASSU shall not con
sider it a violation of the Fundamental
Standard for students to consume alco
holic beverages, in accordance with
state law, anywhere on the Stanford
campus, with the exception of aca
demic areas, but including such areas
as Lake Lagunita, the intramural play
ing fields, Frost Amphitheater, the
Stanford Stadium, and the lawns sur
rounding student residences."
Legislature will review the election
results at a meeting tonight at 7:30
in Room 320.
Speaker Jay Kadane will introduce
a resolution calling on the Committee
of Fifteen to consider the possibility
of establishing a community govern
ment embracing students, faculty, and
administration.
Carl Anderson, Martin Gerry, Tim
Haight, Cris Heskett, David Heskett,
Carl Schmidt, Jerome Silbergeld, and
Frank Verlot will introduce a reso
lution that: "The ASSU shall not con
sider it a violation of the Fundamental
Standard for students to consume alco
holic beverages, in accordance with
state law, anywhere on the Stanford
campus, with the exception of aca
demic areas, but including such areas
as Lake Lagunita, the intramural play
ing fields, Frost Amphitheater, the
Stanford Stadium, and the lawns sur
rounding student residences."
Legislature will review the election
results at a meeting tonight at 7:30
in Room 320.
Speaker Jay Kadane will introduce
a resolution calling on the Committee
of Fifteen to consider the possibility
of establishing a community govern
ment embracing students, faculty, and
administration.
Carl Anderson, Martin Gerry, Tim
Haight, Cris Heskett, David Heskett,
Carl Schmidt, Jerome Silbergeld, and
Frank Verlot will introduce a reso
lution that: "The ASSU shall not con
sider it a violation of the Fundamental
Standard for students to consume alco
holic beverages, in accordance with
state law, anywhere on the Stanford
campus, with the exception of aca
demic areas, but including such areas
as Lake Lagunita, the intramural play
ing fields, Frost Amphitheater, the
Stanford Stadium, and the lawns sur
rounding student residences."
Legislature will review the election
results at a meeting tonight at 7:30
in Room 320.
Speaker Jay Kadane will introduce
a resolution calling on the Committee
of Fifteen to consider the possibility
of establishing a community govern
ment embracing students, faculty, and
administration.
Carl Anderson, Martin Gerry, Tim
Haight, Cris Heskett, David Heskett,
Carl Schmidt, Jerome Silbergeld, and
Frank Verlot will introduce a reso
lution that: "The ASSU shall not con
sider it a violation of the Fundamental
Standard for students to consume alco
holic beverages, in accordance with
state law, anywhere on the Stanford
campus, with the exception of aca
demic areas, but including such areas
as Lake Lagunita, the intramural play
ing fields, Frost Amphitheater, the
Stanford Stadium, and the lawns sur
rounding student residences."
Legislature will review the election
results at a meeting tonight at 7:30
in Room 320.
Speaker Jay Kadane will introduce
a resolution calling on the Committee
of Fifteen to consider the possibility
of establishing a community govern
ment embracing students, faculty, and
administration.
Carl Anderson, Martin Gerry, Tim
Haight, Cris Heskett, David Heskett,
Carl Schmidt, Jerome Silbergeld, and
Frank Verlot will introduce a reso
lution that: "The ASSU shall not con
sider it a violation of the Fundamental
Standard for students to consume alco
holic beverages, in accordance with
state law, anywhere on the Stanford
campus, with the exception of aca
demic areas, but including such areas
as Lake Lagunita, the intramural play
ing fields, Frost Amphitheater, the
Stanford Stadium, and the lawns sur
rounding student residences."
Legislature will review the election
results at a meeting tonight at 7:30
in Room 320.
Speaker Jay Kadane will introduce
a resolution calling on the Committee
of Fifteen to consider the possibility
of establishing a community govern
ment embracing students, faculty, and
administration.
Carl Anderson, Martin Gerry, Tim
Haight, Cris Heskett, David Heskett,
Carl Schmidt, Jerome Silbergeld, and
Frank Verlot will introduce a reso
lution that: "The ASSU shall not con
sider it a violation of the Fundamental
Standard for students to consume alco
holic beverages, in accordance with
state law, anywhere on the Stanford
campus, with the exception of aca
demic areas, but including such areas
as Lake Lagunita, the intramural play
ing fields, Frost Amphitheater, the
Stanford Stadium, and the lawns sur
rounding student residences."
Legislature will review the election
results at a meeting tonight at 7:30
in Room 320.
Speaker Jay Kadane will introduce
a resolution calling on the Committee
of Fifteen to consider the possibility
of establishing a community govern
ment embracing students, faculty, and
administration.
Carl Anderson, Martin Gerry, Tim
Haight, Cris Heskett, David Heskett,
Carl Schmidt, Jerome Silbergeld, and
Frank Verlot will introduce a reso
lution that: "The ASSU shall not con
sider it a violation of the Fundamental
Standard for students to consume alco
holic beverages, in accordance with
state law, anywhere on the Stanford
campus, with the exception of aca
demic areas, but including such areas
as Lake Lagunita, the intramural play
ing fields, Frost Amphitheater, the
Stanford Stadium, and the lawns sur
rounding student residences."
Legislature will review the election
results at a meeting tonight at 7:30
in Room 320.
Speaker Jay Kadane will introduce
a resolution calling on the Committee
of Fifteen to consider the possibility
of establishing a community govern
ment embracing students, faculty, and
administration.
Carl Anderson, Martin Gerry, Tim
Haight, Cris Heskett, David Heskett,
Carl Schmidt, Jerome Silbergeld, and
Frank Verlot will introduce a reso
lution that: "The ASSU shall not con
sider it a violation of the Fundamental
Standard for students to consume alco
holic beverages, in accordance with
state law, anywhere on the Stanford
campus, with the exception of aca
demic areas, but including such areas
as Lake Lagunita, the intramural play
ing fields, Frost Amphitheater, the
Stanford Stadium, and the lawns sur
rounding student residences."
Legislature will review the election
results at a meeting tonight at 7:30
in Room 320.
Speaker Jay Kadane will introduce
a resolution calling on the Committee
of Fifteen to consider the possibility
of establishing a community govern
ment embracing students, faculty, and
administration.
Carl Anderson, Martin Gerry, Tim
Haight, Cris Heskett, David Heskett,
Carl Schmidt, Jerome Silbergeld, and
Frank Verlot will introduce a reso
lution that: "The ASSU shall not con
sider it a violation of the Fundamental
Standard for students to consume alco
holic beverages, in accordance with
state law, anywhere on the Stanford
campus, with the exception of aca
demic areas, but including such areas
as Lake Lagunita, the intramural play
ing fields, Frost Amphitheater, the
Stanford Stadium, and the lawns sur
rounding student residences."
Legislature will review the election
results at a meeting tonight at 7:30
in Room 320.
Speaker Jay Kadane will introduce
a resolution calling on the Committee
of Fifteen to consider the possibility
of establishing a community govern
ment embracing students, faculty, and
administration.
Carl Anderson, Martin Gerry, Tim
Haight, Cris Heskett, David Heskett,
Carl Schmidt, Jerome Silbergeld, and
Frank Verlot will introduce a reso
lution that: "The ASSU shall not con
sider it a violation of the Fundamental
Standard for students to consume alco
holic beverages, in accordance with
state law, anywhere on the Stanford
campus, with the exception of aca
demic areas, but including such areas
as Lake Lagunita, the intramural play
ing fields, Frost Amphitheater, the
Stanford Stadium, and the lawns sur
rounding student residences."
Legislature will review the election
results at a meeting tonight at 7:30
in Room 320.
Speaker Jay Kadane will introduce
a resolution calling on the Committee
of Fifteen to consider the possibility
of establishing a community govern
ment embracing students, faculty, and
administration.
Carl Anderson, Martin Gerry, Tim
Haight, Cris Heskett, David Heskett,
Carl Schmidt, Jerome Silbergeld, and
Frank Verlot will introduce a reso
lution that: "The ASSU shall not con
sider it a violation of the Fundamental
Standard for students to consume alco
holic beverages, in accordance with
state law, anywhere on the Stanford
campus, with the exception of aca
demic areas, but including such areas
as Lake Lagunita, the intramural play
ing fields, Frost Amphitheater, the
Stanford Stadium, and the lawns sur
rounding student residences."
Legislature will review the election
results at a meeting tonight at 7:30
in Room 320.
Speaker Jay Kadane will introduce
a resolution calling on the Committee
of Fifteen to consider the possibility
of establishing a community govern
ment embracing students, faculty, and
administration.
Carl Anderson, Martin Gerry, Tim
Haight, Cris Heskett, David Heskett,
Carl Schmidt, Jerome Silbergeld, and
Frank Verlot will introduce a reso
lution that: "The ASSU shall not con
sider it a violation of the Fundamental
Standard for students to consume alco
holic beverages, in accordance with
state law, anywhere on the Stanford
campus, with the exception of aca
demic areas, but including such areas
as Lake Lagunita, the intramural play
ing fields, Frost Amphitheater, the
Stanford Stadium, and the lawns sur
rounding student residences."
