# Borrowed Library Prints Due December 10
## 
### 
Library prints borrowed for the Dec. 10 without overdue penalties,
fall Quarter may be returned until the Library has announced.
Library prints borrowed for the Dec. 10 without overdue penalties,
fall Quarter may be returned until the Library has announced.
Library prints borrowed for the Dec. 10 without overdue penalties,
fall Quarter may be returned until the Library has announced.
Library prints borrowed for the Dec. 10 without overdue penalties,
fall Quarter may be returned until the Library has announced.
Library prints borrowed for the Dec. 10 without overdue penalties,
fall Quarter may be returned until the Library has announced.
Library prints borrowed for the Dec. 10 without overdue penalties,
fall Quarter may be returned until the Library has announced.
Library prints borrowed for the Dec. 10 without overdue penalties,
fall Quarter may be returned until the Library has announced.
Library prints borrowed for the Dec. 10 without overdue penalties,
fall Quarter may be returned until the Library has announced.
Library prints borrowed for the Dec. 10 without overdue penalties,
fall Quarter may be returned until the Library has announced.
Library prints borrowed for the Dec. 10 without overdue penalties,
fall Quarter may be returned until the Library has announced.
Library prints borrowed for the Dec. 10 without overdue penalties,
fall Quarter may be returned until the Library has announced.
Library prints borrowed for the Dec. 10 without overdue penalties,
fall Quarter may be returned until the Library has announced.
Library prints borrowed for the Dec. 10 without overdue penalties,
fall Quarter may be returned until the Library has announced.
Library prints borrowed for the Dec. 10 without overdue penalties,
fall Quarter may be returned until the Library has announced.
Library prints borrowed for the Dec. 10 without overdue penalties,
fall Quarter may be returned until the Library has announced.
