# New Roble Senators
## 
### 
New Roble senators, elected at a
recent meeting, are Ann Brummett,
Zina Craig, Judy Loewy, Ann Alli
son. Micki Pike, Toni Wikoff, Ginny
Hagey, Carroll Kerns, Bobbie Phil
lips, Sally Mason and Liz Hoein.
New Roble senators, elected at a
recent meeting, are Ann Brummett,
Zina Craig, Judy Loewy, Ann Alli
son. Micki Pike, Toni Wikoff, Ginny
Hagey, Carroll Kerns, Bobbie Phil
lips, Sally Mason and Liz Hoein.
New Roble senators, elected at a
recent meeting, are Ann Brummett,
Zina Craig, Judy Loewy, Ann Alli
son. Micki Pike, Toni Wikoff, Ginny
Hagey, Carroll Kerns, Bobbie Phil
lips, Sally Mason and Liz Hoein.
New Roble senators, elected at a
recent meeting, are Ann Brummett,
Zina Craig, Judy Loewy, Ann Alli
son. Micki Pike, Toni Wikoff, Ginny
Hagey, Carroll Kerns, Bobbie Phil
lips, Sally Mason and Liz Hoein.
New Roble senators, elected at a
recent meeting, are Ann Brummett,
Zina Craig, Judy Loewy, Ann Alli
son. Micki Pike, Toni Wikoff, Ginny
Hagey, Carroll Kerns, Bobbie Phil
lips, Sally Mason and Liz Hoein.
New Roble senators, elected at a
recent meeting, are Ann Brummett,
Zina Craig, Judy Loewy, Ann Alli
son. Micki Pike, Toni Wikoff, Ginny
Hagey, Carroll Kerns, Bobbie Phil
lips, Sally Mason and Liz Hoein.
New Roble senators, elected at a
recent meeting, are Ann Brummett,
Zina Craig, Judy Loewy, Ann Alli
son. Micki Pike, Toni Wikoff, Ginny
Hagey, Carroll Kerns, Bobbie Phil
lips, Sally Mason and Liz Hoein.
New Roble senators, elected at a
recent meeting, are Ann Brummett,
Zina Craig, Judy Loewy, Ann Alli
son. Micki Pike, Toni Wikoff, Ginny
Hagey, Carroll Kerns, Bobbie Phil
lips, Sally Mason and Liz Hoein.
New Roble senators, elected at a
recent meeting, are Ann Brummett,
Zina Craig, Judy Loewy, Ann Alli
son. Micki Pike, Toni Wikoff, Ginny
Hagey, Carroll Kerns, Bobbie Phil
lips, Sally Mason and Liz Hoein.
New Roble senators, elected at a
recent meeting, are Ann Brummett,
Zina Craig, Judy Loewy, Ann Alli
son. Micki Pike, Toni Wikoff, Ginny
Hagey, Carroll Kerns, Bobbie Phil
lips, Sally Mason and Liz Hoein.
New Roble senators, elected at a
recent meeting, are Ann Brummett,
Zina Craig, Judy Loewy, Ann Alli
son. Micki Pike, Toni Wikoff, Ginny
Hagey, Carroll Kerns, Bobbie Phil
lips, Sally Mason and Liz Hoein.
New Roble senators, elected at a
recent meeting, are Ann Brummett,
Zina Craig, Judy Loewy, Ann Alli
son. Micki Pike, Toni Wikoff, Ginny
Hagey, Carroll Kerns, Bobbie Phil
lips, Sally Mason and Liz Hoein.
New Roble senators, elected at a
recent meeting, are Ann Brummett,
Zina Craig, Judy Loewy, Ann Alli
son. Micki Pike, Toni Wikoff, Ginny
Hagey, Carroll Kerns, Bobbie Phil
lips, Sally Mason and Liz Hoein.
New Roble senators, elected at a
recent meeting, are Ann Brummett,
Zina Craig, Judy Loewy, Ann Alli
son. Micki Pike, Toni Wikoff, Ginny
Hagey, Carroll Kerns, Bobbie Phil
lips, Sally Mason and Liz Hoein.
New Roble senators, elected at a
recent meeting, are Ann Brummett,
Zina Craig, Judy Loewy, Ann Alli
son. Micki Pike, Toni Wikoff, Ginny
Hagey, Carroll Kerns, Bobbie Phil
lips, Sally Mason and Liz Hoein.
