# Credibility of Serbian journalist questioned
## 
### 
Regarding The Daily's article of April
23, "Serbs calling for Campbell's
ouster," I would like to object to the
exclusion of the most important fact in
this issue: Srdjan Trifkovic's refusal to
allow the tape he allegedly made of Dr.
W. Glenn Campbell's remarks to be
heard.
What possible reason could Trifkovic
have for his refusal to make this tape
available? A reasonable person might
conclude that his account lacks credibili
ty. And now he has left the country,
leaving others to deal with the situation
he has created.
But since credibility is the issue here,
I would like to say that, in the several
Trifkovic presentations I have heard on
issues regarding former Yugoslavia, he
has made serious misrepresentations of
historical fact, has consistently omitted
materials detrimental to his propaganda

goals and has made various other undoc
umented claims — i.e. that the Croatian
government has closed Serbian schools,
has disallowed use of the Cyrillic alpha
bet and has forced Serbs to sign loyalty
oaths.
There has been no verification of his
claims, though they continue to be
repeated by him and others of his per
suasion. In the interests of basic fair
ness, I would hope that your journalistic
investigation into this matter be con
ducted more objectively and that atten
tion be directed to Trifkovic's credibility
as well.
J.E. Busic
San Francisco resident
Regarding The Daily's article of April
23, "Serbs calling for Campbell's
ouster," I would like to object to the
exclusion of the most important fact in
this issue: Srdjan Trifkovic's refusal to
allow the tape he allegedly made of Dr.
W. Glenn Campbell's remarks to be
heard.
What possible reason could Trifkovic
have for his refusal to make this tape
available? A reasonable person might
conclude that his account lacks credibili
ty. And now he has left the country,
leaving others to deal with the situation
he has created.
But since credibility is the issue here,
I would like to say that, in the several
Trifkovic presentations I have heard on
issues regarding former Yugoslavia, he
has made serious misrepresentations of
historical fact, has consistently omitted
materials detrimental to his propaganda

goals and has made various other undoc
umented claims — i.e. that the Croatian
government has closed Serbian schools,
has disallowed use of the Cyrillic alpha
bet and has forced Serbs to sign loyalty
oaths.
There has been no verification of his
claims, though they continue to be
repeated by him and others of his per
suasion. In the interests of basic fair
ness, I would hope that your journalistic
investigation into this matter be con
ducted more objectively and that atten
tion be directed to Trifkovic's credibility
as well.
J.E. Busic
San Francisco resident
Regarding The Daily's article of April
23, "Serbs calling for Campbell's
ouster," I would like to object to the
exclusion of the most important fact in
this issue: Srdjan Trifkovic's refusal to
allow the tape he allegedly made of Dr.
W. Glenn Campbell's remarks to be
heard.
What possible reason could Trifkovic
have for his refusal to make this tape
available? A reasonable person might
conclude that his account lacks credibili
ty. And now he has left the country,
leaving others to deal with the situation
he has created.
But since credibility is the issue here,
I would like to say that, in the several
Trifkovic presentations I have heard on
issues regarding former Yugoslavia, he
has made serious misrepresentations of
historical fact, has consistently omitted
materials detrimental to his propaganda

goals and has made various other undoc
umented claims — i.e. that the Croatian
government has closed Serbian schools,
has disallowed use of the Cyrillic alpha
bet and has forced Serbs to sign loyalty
oaths.
There has been no verification of his
claims, though they continue to be
repeated by him and others of his per
suasion. In the interests of basic fair
ness, I would hope that your journalistic
investigation into this matter be con
ducted more objectively and that atten
tion be directed to Trifkovic's credibility
as well.
J.E. Busic
San Francisco resident
Regarding The Daily's article of April
23, "Serbs calling for Campbell's
ouster," I would like to object to the
exclusion of the most important fact in
this issue: Srdjan Trifkovic's refusal to
allow the tape he allegedly made of Dr.
W. Glenn Campbell's remarks to be
heard.
What possible reason could Trifkovic
have for his refusal to make this tape
available? A reasonable person might
conclude that his account lacks credibili
ty. And now he has left the country,
leaving others to deal with the situation
he has created.
But since credibility is the issue here,
I would like to say that, in the several
Trifkovic presentations I have heard on
issues regarding former Yugoslavia, he
has made serious misrepresentations of
historical fact, has consistently omitted
materials detrimental to his propaganda

goals and has made various other undoc
umented claims — i.e. that the Croatian
government has closed Serbian schools,
has disallowed use of the Cyrillic alpha
bet and has forced Serbs to sign loyalty
oaths.
There has been no verification of his
claims, though they continue to be
repeated by him and others of his per
suasion. In the interests of basic fair
ness, I would hope that your journalistic
investigation into this matter be con
ducted more objectively and that atten
tion be directed to Trifkovic's credibility
as well.
J.E. Busic
San Francisco resident
Regarding The Daily's article of April
23, "Serbs calling for Campbell's
ouster," I would like to object to the
exclusion of the most important fact in
this issue: Srdjan Trifkovic's refusal to
allow the tape he allegedly made of Dr.
W. Glenn Campbell's remarks to be
heard.
What possible reason could Trifkovic
have for his refusal to make this tape
available? A reasonable person might
conclude that his account lacks credibili
ty. And now he has left the country,
leaving others to deal with the situation
he has created.
But since credibility is the issue here,
I would like to say that, in the several
Trifkovic presentations I have heard on
issues regarding former Yugoslavia, he
has made serious misrepresentations of
historical fact, has consistently omitted
materials detrimental to his propaganda

goals and has made various other undoc
umented claims — i.e. that the Croatian
government has closed Serbian schools,
has disallowed use of the Cyrillic alpha
bet and has forced Serbs to sign loyalty
oaths.
There has been no verification of his
claims, though they continue to be
repeated by him and others of his per
suasion. In the interests of basic fair
ness, I would hope that your journalistic
investigation into this matter be con
ducted more objectively and that atten
tion be directed to Trifkovic's credibility
as well.
J.E. Busic
San Francisco resident
Regarding The Daily's article of April
23, "Serbs calling for Campbell's
ouster," I would like to object to the
exclusion of the most important fact in
this issue: Srdjan Trifkovic's refusal to
allow the tape he allegedly made of Dr.
W. Glenn Campbell's remarks to be
heard.
What possible reason could Trifkovic
have for his refusal to make this tape
available? A reasonable person might
conclude that his account lacks credibili
ty. And now he has left the country,
leaving others to deal with the situation
he has created.
But since credibility is the issue here,
I would like to say that, in the several
Trifkovic presentations I have heard on
issues regarding former Yugoslavia, he
has made serious misrepresentations of
historical fact, has consistently omitted
materials detrimental to his propaganda

goals and has made various other undoc
umented claims — i.e. that the Croatian
government has closed Serbian schools,
has disallowed use of the Cyrillic alpha
bet and has forced Serbs to sign loyalty
oaths.
There has been no verification of his
claims, though they continue to be
repeated by him and others of his per
suasion. In the interests of basic fair
ness, I would hope that your journalistic
investigation into this matter be con
ducted more objectively and that atten
tion be directed to Trifkovic's credibility
as well.
J.E. Busic
San Francisco resident
Regarding The Daily's article of April
23, "Serbs calling for Campbell's
ouster," I would like to object to the
exclusion of the most important fact in
this issue: Srdjan Trifkovic's refusal to
allow the tape he allegedly made of Dr.
W. Glenn Campbell's remarks to be
heard.
What possible reason could Trifkovic
have for his refusal to make this tape
available? A reasonable person might
conclude that his account lacks credibili
ty. And now he has left the country,
leaving others to deal with the situation
he has created.
But since credibility is the issue here,
I would like to say that, in the several
Trifkovic presentations I have heard on
issues regarding former Yugoslavia, he
has made serious misrepresentations of
historical fact, has consistently omitted
materials detrimental to his propaganda

goals and has made various other undoc
umented claims — i.e. that the Croatian
government has closed Serbian schools,
has disallowed use of the Cyrillic alpha
bet and has forced Serbs to sign loyalty
oaths.
There has been no verification of his
claims, though they continue to be
repeated by him and others of his per
suasion. In the interests of basic fair
ness, I would hope that your journalistic
investigation into this matter be con
ducted more objectively and that atten
tion be directed to Trifkovic's credibility
as well.
J.E. Busic
San Francisco resident
Regarding The Daily's article of April
23, "Serbs calling for Campbell's
ouster," I would like to object to the
exclusion of the most important fact in
this issue: Srdjan Trifkovic's refusal to
allow the tape he allegedly made of Dr.
W. Glenn Campbell's remarks to be
heard.
What possible reason could Trifkovic
have for his refusal to make this tape
available? A reasonable person might
conclude that his account lacks credibili
ty. And now he has left the country,
leaving others to deal with the situation
he has created.
But since credibility is the issue here,
I would like to say that, in the several
Trifkovic presentations I have heard on
issues regarding former Yugoslavia, he
has made serious misrepresentations of
historical fact, has consistently omitted
materials detrimental to his propaganda

goals and has made various other undoc
umented claims — i.e. that the Croatian
government has closed Serbian schools,
has disallowed use of the Cyrillic alpha
bet and has forced Serbs to sign loyalty
oaths.
There has been no verification of his
claims, though they continue to be
repeated by him and others of his per
suasion. In the interests of basic fair
ness, I would hope that your journalistic
investigation into this matter be con
ducted more objectively and that atten
tion be directed to Trifkovic's credibility
as well.
J.E. Busic
San Francisco resident
