# Quote of the Day
## 
### 
"I came from an all-girls
Catholic school to a public
school where the guys pinch
your butt when you walk
by."
— Tennis player Emma
Woodhouse, a sophomore, on
moving to California from
England four years ago. She
was a long-time member of
England's junior national
team and played tourna
ments in Israel, Germany,
France, "just about every
where but Spain," she said.
See story, page 8.
"I came from an all-girls
Catholic school to a public
school where the guys pinch
your butt when you walk
by."
— Tennis player Emma
Woodhouse, a sophomore, on
moving to California from
England four years ago. She
was a long-time member of
England's junior national
team and played tourna
ments in Israel, Germany,
France, "just about every
where but Spain," she said.
See story, page 8.
"I came from an all-girls
Catholic school to a public
school where the guys pinch
your butt when you walk
by."
— Tennis player Emma
Woodhouse, a sophomore, on
moving to California from
England four years ago. She
was a long-time member of
England's junior national
team and played tourna
ments in Israel, Germany,
France, "just about every
where but Spain," she said.
See story, page 8.
"I came from an all-girls
Catholic school to a public
school where the guys pinch
your butt when you walk
by."
— Tennis player Emma
Woodhouse, a sophomore, on
moving to California from
England four years ago. She
was a long-time member of
England's junior national
team and played tourna
ments in Israel, Germany,
France, "just about every
where but Spain," she said.
See story, page 8.
"I came from an all-girls
Catholic school to a public
school where the guys pinch
your butt when you walk
by."
— Tennis player Emma
Woodhouse, a sophomore, on
moving to California from
England four years ago. She
was a long-time member of
England's junior national
team and played tourna
ments in Israel, Germany,
France, "just about every
where but Spain," she said.
See story, page 8.
"I came from an all-girls
Catholic school to a public
school where the guys pinch
your butt when you walk
by."
— Tennis player Emma
Woodhouse, a sophomore, on
moving to California from
England four years ago. She
was a long-time member of
England's junior national
team and played tourna
ments in Israel, Germany,
France, "just about every
where but Spain," she said.
See story, page 8.
"I came from an all-girls
Catholic school to a public
school where the guys pinch
your butt when you walk
by."
— Tennis player Emma
Woodhouse, a sophomore, on
moving to California from
England four years ago. She
was a long-time member of
England's junior national
team and played tourna
ments in Israel, Germany,
France, "just about every
where but Spain," she said.
See story, page 8.
"I came from an all-girls
Catholic school to a public
school where the guys pinch
your butt when you walk
by."
— Tennis player Emma
Woodhouse, a sophomore, on
moving to California from
England four years ago. She
was a long-time member of
England's junior national
team and played tourna
ments in Israel, Germany,
France, "just about every
where but Spain," she said.
See story, page 8.
