# Adv. 22 Page 4
## 
### 
WANTED
Salesmen for
Summer
Employment-
High income: No sales
experience needed: Ap
titude tests will be
given Thursday, May'
28, 3:00 to 4:00 p.m.,
Placement Service. Ask
for W£yne Brown, Sales
| Manager.
WANTED
Salesmen for
Summer
Employment-
High income: No sales
experience needed: Ap
titude tests will be
given Thursday, May'
28, 3:00 to 4:00 p.m.,
Placement Service. Ask
for W£yne Brown, Sales
| Manager.
WANTED
Salesmen for
Summer
Employment-
High income: No sales
experience needed: Ap
titude tests will be
given Thursday, May'
28, 3:00 to 4:00 p.m.,
Placement Service. Ask
for W£yne Brown, Sales
| Manager.
WANTED
Salesmen for
Summer
Employment-
High income: No sales
experience needed: Ap
titude tests will be
given Thursday, May'
28, 3:00 to 4:00 p.m.,
Placement Service. Ask
for W£yne Brown, Sales
| Manager.
WANTED
Salesmen for
Summer
Employment-
High income: No sales
experience needed: Ap
titude tests will be
given Thursday, May'
28, 3:00 to 4:00 p.m.,
Placement Service. Ask
for W£yne Brown, Sales
| Manager.
WANTED
Salesmen for
Summer
Employment-
High income: No sales
experience needed: Ap
titude tests will be
given Thursday, May'
28, 3:00 to 4:00 p.m.,
Placement Service. Ask
for W£yne Brown, Sales
| Manager.
WANTED
Salesmen for
Summer
Employment-
High income: No sales
experience needed: Ap
titude tests will be
given Thursday, May'
28, 3:00 to 4:00 p.m.,
Placement Service. Ask
for W£yne Brown, Sales
| Manager.
WANTED
Salesmen for
Summer
Employment-
High income: No sales
experience needed: Ap
titude tests will be
given Thursday, May'
28, 3:00 to 4:00 p.m.,
Placement Service. Ask
for W£yne Brown, Sales
| Manager.
WANTED
Salesmen for
Summer
Employment-
High income: No sales
experience needed: Ap
titude tests will be
given Thursday, May'
28, 3:00 to 4:00 p.m.,
Placement Service. Ask
for W£yne Brown, Sales
| Manager.
WANTED
Salesmen for
Summer
Employment-
High income: No sales
experience needed: Ap
titude tests will be
given Thursday, May'
28, 3:00 to 4:00 p.m.,
Placement Service. Ask
for W£yne Brown, Sales
| Manager.
WANTED
Salesmen for
Summer
Employment-
High income: No sales
experience needed: Ap
titude tests will be
given Thursday, May'
28, 3:00 to 4:00 p.m.,
Placement Service. Ask
for W£yne Brown, Sales
| Manager.
WANTED
Salesmen for
Summer
Employment-
High income: No sales
experience needed: Ap
titude tests will be
given Thursday, May'
28, 3:00 to 4:00 p.m.,
Placement Service. Ask
for W£yne Brown, Sales
| Manager.
WANTED
Salesmen for
Summer
Employment-
High income: No sales
experience needed: Ap
titude tests will be
given Thursday, May'
28, 3:00 to 4:00 p.m.,
Placement Service. Ask
for W£yne Brown, Sales
| Manager.
