# Stanford Fulbrights Announced
## 
### 

Lola Su 11 iva u . president of
Women's Council this year, will
study political science at the
I niversity of Florence, Italy. The
21-year-old political science ma
jor from Seattle has received
only one It in her foor years at
Stanford, and has been a Knhle
sponsor and an active member of
Cap and tiown.



John C. Rule, 24 - year - old
graduate student from Palo Alto,
will specialize in eighteenth cen
tury French history at the Uni
versity of Toulouse, Fiance, lie
received his A.B. in history from
Stanford in 1951, and his Master's
degree in history here last year.

Stanley K. Sheinbaum, .'{3-year
old graduate student from Palo
Alto, will work toward a l'h.l).
in economics at the University of
Paris, lie plans to do his dis
sertation on French fiscal theory
and policy as an aid and a hin
drance to the growth of French
industry.


Roger Schwartz, 21 - year - old
international relations major from
Glendale, will continue hi-, work
in international relations at the
University of Strasbourg, France
At Stanford, Schwartz has been
active in the lilt and in 1.l ( na
il ro.

Lola Su 11 iva u . president of
Women's Council this year, will
study political science at the
I niversity of Florence, Italy. The
21-year-old political science ma
jor from Seattle has received
only one It in her foor years at
Stanford, and has been a Knhle
sponsor and an active member of
Cap and tiown.



John C. Rule, 24 - year - old
graduate student from Palo Alto,
will specialize in eighteenth cen
tury French history at the Uni
versity of Toulouse, Fiance, lie
received his A.B. in history from
Stanford in 1951, and his Master's
degree in history here last year.

Stanley K. Sheinbaum, .'{3-year
old graduate student from Palo
Alto, will work toward a l'h.l).
in economics at the University of
Paris, lie plans to do his dis
sertation on French fiscal theory
and policy as an aid and a hin
drance to the growth of French
industry.


Roger Schwartz, 21 - year - old
international relations major from
Glendale, will continue hi-, work
in international relations at the
University of Strasbourg, France
At Stanford, Schwartz has been
active in the lilt and in 1.l ( na
il ro.

Lola Su 11 iva u . president of
Women's Council this year, will
study political science at the
I niversity of Florence, Italy. The
21-year-old political science ma
jor from Seattle has received
only one It in her foor years at
Stanford, and has been a Knhle
sponsor and an active member of
Cap and tiown.



John C. Rule, 24 - year - old
graduate student from Palo Alto,
will specialize in eighteenth cen
tury French history at the Uni
versity of Toulouse, Fiance, lie
received his A.B. in history from
Stanford in 1951, and his Master's
degree in history here last year.

Stanley K. Sheinbaum, .'{3-year
old graduate student from Palo
Alto, will work toward a l'h.l).
in economics at the University of
Paris, lie plans to do his dis
sertation on French fiscal theory
and policy as an aid and a hin
drance to the growth of French
industry.


Roger Schwartz, 21 - year - old
international relations major from
Glendale, will continue hi-, work
in international relations at the
University of Strasbourg, France
At Stanford, Schwartz has been
active in the lilt and in 1.l ( na
il ro.

Lola Su 11 iva u . president of
Women's Council this year, will
study political science at the
I niversity of Florence, Italy. The
21-year-old political science ma
jor from Seattle has received
only one It in her foor years at
Stanford, and has been a Knhle
sponsor and an active member of
Cap and tiown.



John C. Rule, 24 - year - old
graduate student from Palo Alto,
will specialize in eighteenth cen
tury French history at the Uni
versity of Toulouse, Fiance, lie
received his A.B. in history from
Stanford in 1951, and his Master's
degree in history here last year.

Stanley K. Sheinbaum, .'{3-year
old graduate student from Palo
Alto, will work toward a l'h.l).
in economics at the University of
Paris, lie plans to do his dis
sertation on French fiscal theory
and policy as an aid and a hin
drance to the growth of French
industry.


Roger Schwartz, 21 - year - old
international relations major from
Glendale, will continue hi-, work
in international relations at the
University of Strasbourg, France
At Stanford, Schwartz has been
active in the lilt and in 1.l ( na
il ro.

Lola Su 11 iva u . president of
Women's Council this year, will
study political science at the
I niversity of Florence, Italy. The
21-year-old political science ma
jor from Seattle has received
only one It in her foor years at
Stanford, and has been a Knhle
sponsor and an active member of
Cap and tiown.



John C. Rule, 24 - year - old
graduate student from Palo Alto,
will specialize in eighteenth cen
tury French history at the Uni
versity of Toulouse, Fiance, lie
received his A.B. in history from
Stanford in 1951, and his Master's
degree in history here last year.

Stanley K. Sheinbaum, .'{3-year
old graduate student from Palo
Alto, will work toward a l'h.l).
in economics at the University of
Paris, lie plans to do his dis
sertation on French fiscal theory
and policy as an aid and a hin
drance to the growth of French
industry.


Roger Schwartz, 21 - year - old
international relations major from
Glendale, will continue hi-, work
in international relations at the
University of Strasbourg, France
At Stanford, Schwartz has been
active in the lilt and in 1.l ( na
il ro.

Lola Su 11 iva u . president of
Women's Council this year, will
study political science at the
I niversity of Florence, Italy. The
21-year-old political science ma
jor from Seattle has received
only one It in her foor years at
Stanford, and has been a Knhle
sponsor and an active member of
Cap and tiown.



John C. Rule, 24 - year - old
graduate student from Palo Alto,
will specialize in eighteenth cen
tury French history at the Uni
versity of Toulouse, Fiance, lie
received his A.B. in history from
Stanford in 1951, and his Master's
degree in history here last year.

Stanley K. Sheinbaum, .'{3-year
old graduate student from Palo
Alto, will work toward a l'h.l).
in economics at the University of
Paris, lie plans to do his dis
sertation on French fiscal theory
and policy as an aid and a hin
drance to the growth of French
industry.


Roger Schwartz, 21 - year - old
international relations major from
Glendale, will continue hi-, work
in international relations at the
University of Strasbourg, France
At Stanford, Schwartz has been
active in the lilt and in 1.l ( na
il ro.

Lola Su 11 iva u . president of
Women's Council this year, will
study political science at the
I niversity of Florence, Italy. The
21-year-old political science ma
jor from Seattle has received
only one It in her foor years at
Stanford, and has been a Knhle
sponsor and an active member of
Cap and tiown.



John C. Rule, 24 - year - old
graduate student from Palo Alto,
will specialize in eighteenth cen
tury French history at the Uni
versity of Toulouse, Fiance, lie
received his A.B. in history from
Stanford in 1951, and his Master's
degree in history here last year.

Stanley K. Sheinbaum, .'{3-year
old graduate student from Palo
Alto, will work toward a l'h.l).
in economics at the University of
Paris, lie plans to do his dis
sertation on French fiscal theory
and policy as an aid and a hin
drance to the growth of French
industry.


Roger Schwartz, 21 - year - old
international relations major from
Glendale, will continue hi-, work
in international relations at the
University of Strasbourg, France
At Stanford, Schwartz has been
active in the lilt and in 1.l ( na
il ro.

Lola Su 11 iva u . president of
Women's Council this year, will
study political science at the
I niversity of Florence, Italy. The
21-year-old political science ma
jor from Seattle has received
only one It in her foor years at
Stanford, and has been a Knhle
sponsor and an active member of
Cap and tiown.



John C. Rule, 24 - year - old
graduate student from Palo Alto,
will specialize in eighteenth cen
tury French history at the Uni
versity of Toulouse, Fiance, lie
received his A.B. in history from
Stanford in 1951, and his Master's
degree in history here last year.

Stanley K. Sheinbaum, .'{3-year
old graduate student from Palo
Alto, will work toward a l'h.l).
in economics at the University of
Paris, lie plans to do his dis
sertation on French fiscal theory
and policy as an aid and a hin
drance to the growth of French
industry.


Roger Schwartz, 21 - year - old
international relations major from
Glendale, will continue hi-, work
in international relations at the
University of Strasbourg, France
At Stanford, Schwartz has been
active in the lilt and in 1.l ( na
il ro.

Lola Su 11 iva u . president of
Women's Council this year, will
study political science at the
I niversity of Florence, Italy. The
21-year-old political science ma
jor from Seattle has received
only one It in her foor years at
Stanford, and has been a Knhle
sponsor and an active member of
Cap and tiown.



John C. Rule, 24 - year - old
graduate student from Palo Alto,
will specialize in eighteenth cen
tury French history at the Uni
versity of Toulouse, Fiance, lie
received his A.B. in history from
Stanford in 1951, and his Master's
degree in history here last year.

Stanley K. Sheinbaum, .'{3-year
old graduate student from Palo
Alto, will work toward a l'h.l).
in economics at the University of
Paris, lie plans to do his dis
sertation on French fiscal theory
and policy as an aid and a hin
drance to the growth of French
industry.


Roger Schwartz, 21 - year - old
international relations major from
Glendale, will continue hi-, work
in international relations at the
University of Strasbourg, France
At Stanford, Schwartz has been
active in the lilt and in 1.l ( na
il ro.

Lola Su 11 iva u . president of
Women's Council this year, will
study political science at the
I niversity of Florence, Italy. The
21-year-old political science ma
jor from Seattle has received
only one It in her foor years at
Stanford, and has been a Knhle
sponsor and an active member of
Cap and tiown.



John C. Rule, 24 - year - old
graduate student from Palo Alto,
will specialize in eighteenth cen
tury French history at the Uni
versity of Toulouse, Fiance, lie
received his A.B. in history from
Stanford in 1951, and his Master's
degree in history here last year.

Stanley K. Sheinbaum, .'{3-year
old graduate student from Palo
Alto, will work toward a l'h.l).
in economics at the University of
Paris, lie plans to do his dis
sertation on French fiscal theory
and policy as an aid and a hin
drance to the growth of French
industry.


Roger Schwartz, 21 - year - old
international relations major from
Glendale, will continue hi-, work
in international relations at the
University of Strasbourg, France
At Stanford, Schwartz has been
active in the lilt and in 1.l ( na
il ro.

Lola Su 11 iva u . president of
Women's Council this year, will
study political science at the
I niversity of Florence, Italy. The
21-year-old political science ma
jor from Seattle has received
only one It in her foor years at
Stanford, and has been a Knhle
sponsor and an active member of
Cap and tiown.



John C. Rule, 24 - year - old
graduate student from Palo Alto,
will specialize in eighteenth cen
tury French history at the Uni
versity of Toulouse, Fiance, lie
received his A.B. in history from
Stanford in 1951, and his Master's
degree in history here last year.

Stanley K. Sheinbaum, .'{3-year
old graduate student from Palo
Alto, will work toward a l'h.l).
in economics at the University of
Paris, lie plans to do his dis
sertation on French fiscal theory
and policy as an aid and a hin
drance to the growth of French
industry.


Roger Schwartz, 21 - year - old
international relations major from
Glendale, will continue hi-, work
in international relations at the
University of Strasbourg, France
At Stanford, Schwartz has been
active in the lilt and in 1.l ( na
il ro.

Lola Su 11 iva u . president of
Women's Council this year, will
study political science at the
I niversity of Florence, Italy. The
21-year-old political science ma
jor from Seattle has received
only one It in her foor years at
Stanford, and has been a Knhle
sponsor and an active member of
Cap and tiown.



John C. Rule, 24 - year - old
graduate student from Palo Alto,
will specialize in eighteenth cen
tury French history at the Uni
versity of Toulouse, Fiance, lie
received his A.B. in history from
Stanford in 1951, and his Master's
degree in history here last year.

Stanley K. Sheinbaum, .'{3-year
old graduate student from Palo
Alto, will work toward a l'h.l).
in economics at the University of
Paris, lie plans to do his dis
sertation on French fiscal theory
and policy as an aid and a hin
drance to the growth of French
industry.


Roger Schwartz, 21 - year - old
international relations major from
Glendale, will continue hi-, work
in international relations at the
University of Strasbourg, France
At Stanford, Schwartz has been
active in the lilt and in 1.l ( na
il ro.

Lola Su 11 iva u . president of
Women's Council this year, will
study political science at the
I niversity of Florence, Italy. The
21-year-old political science ma
jor from Seattle has received
only one It in her foor years at
Stanford, and has been a Knhle
sponsor and an active member of
Cap and tiown.



John C. Rule, 24 - year - old
graduate student from Palo Alto,
will specialize in eighteenth cen
tury French history at the Uni
versity of Toulouse, Fiance, lie
received his A.B. in history from
Stanford in 1951, and his Master's
degree in history here last year.

Stanley K. Sheinbaum, .'{3-year
old graduate student from Palo
Alto, will work toward a l'h.l).
in economics at the University of
Paris, lie plans to do his dis
sertation on French fiscal theory
and policy as an aid and a hin
drance to the growth of French
industry.


Roger Schwartz, 21 - year - old
international relations major from
Glendale, will continue hi-, work
in international relations at the
University of Strasbourg, France
At Stanford, Schwartz has been
active in the lilt and in 1.l ( na
il ro.
