# SOCIALIST MEETING
## 
### 
The Palo Alto section of the So
cialist Labor party will present tlx
second of it.s monthly series of lec
tures tonight at 8 in Room C of the
Community Center, on Middlefielc:
Road.
The Palo Alto section of the So
cialist Labor party will present tlx
second of it.s monthly series of lec
tures tonight at 8 in Room C of the
Community Center, on Middlefielc:
Road.
The Palo Alto section of the So
cialist Labor party will present tlx
second of it.s monthly series of lec
tures tonight at 8 in Room C of the
Community Center, on Middlefielc:
Road.
The Palo Alto section of the So
cialist Labor party will present tlx
second of it.s monthly series of lec
tures tonight at 8 in Room C of the
Community Center, on Middlefielc:
Road.
The Palo Alto section of the So
cialist Labor party will present tlx
second of it.s monthly series of lec
tures tonight at 8 in Room C of the
Community Center, on Middlefielc:
Road.
The Palo Alto section of the So
cialist Labor party will present tlx
second of it.s monthly series of lec
tures tonight at 8 in Room C of the
Community Center, on Middlefielc:
Road.
The Palo Alto section of the So
cialist Labor party will present tlx
second of it.s monthly series of lec
tures tonight at 8 in Room C of the
Community Center, on Middlefielc:
Road.
The Palo Alto section of the So
cialist Labor party will present tlx
second of it.s monthly series of lec
tures tonight at 8 in Room C of the
Community Center, on Middlefielc:
Road.
The Palo Alto section of the So
cialist Labor party will present tlx
second of it.s monthly series of lec
tures tonight at 8 in Room C of the
Community Center, on Middlefielc:
Road.
The Palo Alto section of the So
cialist Labor party will present tlx
second of it.s monthly series of lec
tures tonight at 8 in Room C of the
Community Center, on Middlefielc:
Road.
The Palo Alto section of the So
cialist Labor party will present tlx
second of it.s monthly series of lec
tures tonight at 8 in Room C of the
Community Center, on Middlefielc:
Road.
The Palo Alto section of the So
cialist Labor party will present tlx
second of it.s monthly series of lec
tures tonight at 8 in Room C of the
Community Center, on Middlefielc:
Road.
The Palo Alto section of the So
cialist Labor party will present tlx
second of it.s monthly series of lec
tures tonight at 8 in Room C of the
Community Center, on Middlefielc:
Road.
