# VISITING ALUMNI WILL BE GUESTS AT WILBUR HOME
## Stanford of Past, Present, and Future Will Furnish Discussion Topic 
### 
Stanford seniors will take balcony
seats while their elders, the visiting
alumni, occupy the center of the stage
at the luncheon to be given Saturday
noon by President and Mrs. Wilbur at
the Wilbur home. Only visiting alumni
will attend the luncheon proper which
will be served at 12:30. At 2 o'clock
local alumni from Palo Alto and Stan
ford together with the humbled sen
iors, will assemble to hear short ad
dresses on University affairs. Approxi
mately 450 alumni will be present at
the luncheon.
The speeches following the luncheon
will be the one part of the day's pro
gram which will be given over to the
serious consideration of what the Uni
versity is doing. The rest of the day's
events will be purely social. In the
addresses will be outlined what Stan
ford has accomplished in the past,
developments in her organization, and
a discussion of her plans for the fu
ture.
Dr. Wilbur will open the program by
giving a short talk in which he will
announce a number of gifts to the
University. A. E. Roth, '09, will talk
on recent additions to the University
plant and plans for the beautification
of the campus. Mary Yost, dean of
women, will discuss self-government
among the women students. Dr. Er
nest Gale Martin, professor of physi
ology, will speak on the new school of
biology which has just been formed
at Stanford.
Ralph H. Lutz, '06, associate pro
fessor of history and director of the
Hoover war library, will outline some
of the recent developments and addi
tions to this library, which is the
greatest in America, on the subject
of the World War. The new citizen
ship course to be given to the entire
freshman class next year will be dis
cussed by Professor Edgar E. Robin
son of the History department. Dr.
Charles D. Marx, professor of civil
engineering, will talk about the Stan
ford engineering schools. The work
being accomplished by the geology
department will be outlined by Pro
fessor Eliot Blackwelder of that de
partment.
At 3:30, the Seniors will conduct
their guests to the New Union for a
band concert, refreshments and enter
tainment.
Stanford seniors will take balcony
seats while their elders, the visiting
alumni, occupy the center of the stage
at the luncheon to be given Saturday
noon by President and Mrs. Wilbur at
the Wilbur home. Only visiting alumni
will attend the luncheon proper which
will be served at 12:30. At 2 o'clock
local alumni from Palo Alto and Stan
ford together with the humbled sen
iors, will assemble to hear short ad
dresses on University affairs. Approxi
mately 450 alumni will be present at
the luncheon.
The speeches following the luncheon
will be the one part of the day's pro
gram which will be given over to the
serious consideration of what the Uni
versity is doing. The rest of the day's
events will be purely social. In the
addresses will be outlined what Stan
ford has accomplished in the past,
developments in her organization, and
a discussion of her plans for the fu
ture.
Dr. Wilbur will open the program by
giving a short talk in which he will
announce a number of gifts to the
University. A. E. Roth, '09, will talk
on recent additions to the University
plant and plans for the beautification
of the campus. Mary Yost, dean of
women, will discuss self-government
among the women students. Dr. Er
nest Gale Martin, professor of physi
ology, will speak on the new school of
biology which has just been formed
at Stanford.
Ralph H. Lutz, '06, associate pro
fessor of history and director of the
Hoover war library, will outline some
of the recent developments and addi
tions to this library, which is the
greatest in America, on the subject
of the World War. The new citizen
ship course to be given to the entire
freshman class next year will be dis
cussed by Professor Edgar E. Robin
son of the History department. Dr.
Charles D. Marx, professor of civil
engineering, will talk about the Stan
ford engineering schools. The work
being accomplished by the geology
department will be outlined by Pro
fessor Eliot Blackwelder of that de
partment.
At 3:30, the Seniors will conduct
their guests to the New Union for a
band concert, refreshments and enter
tainment.
Stanford seniors will take balcony
seats while their elders, the visiting
alumni, occupy the center of the stage
at the luncheon to be given Saturday
noon by President and Mrs. Wilbur at
the Wilbur home. Only visiting alumni
will attend the luncheon proper which
will be served at 12:30. At 2 o'clock
local alumni from Palo Alto and Stan
ford together with the humbled sen
iors, will assemble to hear short ad
dresses on University affairs. Approxi
mately 450 alumni will be present at
the luncheon.
The speeches following the luncheon
will be the one part of the day's pro
gram which will be given over to the
serious consideration of what the Uni
versity is doing. The rest of the day's
events will be purely social. In the
addresses will be outlined what Stan
ford has accomplished in the past,
developments in her organization, and
a discussion of her plans for the fu
ture.
Dr. Wilbur will open the program by
giving a short talk in which he will
announce a number of gifts to the
University. A. E. Roth, '09, will talk
on recent additions to the University
plant and plans for the beautification
of the campus. Mary Yost, dean of
women, will discuss self-government
among the women students. Dr. Er
nest Gale Martin, professor of physi
ology, will speak on the new school of
biology which has just been formed
at Stanford.
Ralph H. Lutz, '06, associate pro
fessor of history and director of the
Hoover war library, will outline some
of the recent developments and addi
tions to this library, which is the
greatest in America, on the subject
of the World War. The new citizen
ship course to be given to the entire
freshman class next year will be dis
cussed by Professor Edgar E. Robin
son of the History department. Dr.
Charles D. Marx, professor of civil
engineering, will talk about the Stan
ford engineering schools. The work
being accomplished by the geology
department will be outlined by Pro
fessor Eliot Blackwelder of that de
partment.
At 3:30, the Seniors will conduct
their guests to the New Union for a
band concert, refreshments and enter
tainment.
Stanford seniors will take balcony
seats while their elders, the visiting
alumni, occupy the center of the stage
at the luncheon to be given Saturday
noon by President and Mrs. Wilbur at
the Wilbur home. Only visiting alumni
will attend the luncheon proper which
will be served at 12:30. At 2 o'clock
local alumni from Palo Alto and Stan
ford together with the humbled sen
iors, will assemble to hear short ad
dresses on University affairs. Approxi
mately 450 alumni will be present at
the luncheon.
The speeches following the luncheon
will be the one part of the day's pro
gram which will be given over to the
serious consideration of what the Uni
versity is doing. The rest of the day's
events will be purely social. In the
addresses will be outlined what Stan
ford has accomplished in the past,
developments in her organization, and
a discussion of her plans for the fu
ture.
Dr. Wilbur will open the program by
giving a short talk in which he will
announce a number of gifts to the
University. A. E. Roth, '09, will talk
on recent additions to the University
plant and plans for the beautification
of the campus. Mary Yost, dean of
women, will discuss self-government
among the women students. Dr. Er
nest Gale Martin, professor of physi
ology, will speak on the new school of
biology which has just been formed
at Stanford.
Ralph H. Lutz, '06, associate pro
fessor of history and director of the
Hoover war library, will outline some
of the recent developments and addi
tions to this library, which is the
greatest in America, on the subject
of the World War. The new citizen
ship course to be given to the entire
freshman class next year will be dis
cussed by Professor Edgar E. Robin
son of the History department. Dr.
Charles D. Marx, professor of civil
engineering, will talk about the Stan
ford engineering schools. The work
being accomplished by the geology
department will be outlined by Pro
fessor Eliot Blackwelder of that de
partment.
At 3:30, the Seniors will conduct
their guests to the New Union for a
band concert, refreshments and enter
tainment.
Stanford seniors will take balcony
seats while their elders, the visiting
alumni, occupy the center of the stage
at the luncheon to be given Saturday
noon by President and Mrs. Wilbur at
the Wilbur home. Only visiting alumni
will attend the luncheon proper which
will be served at 12:30. At 2 o'clock
local alumni from Palo Alto and Stan
ford together with the humbled sen
iors, will assemble to hear short ad
dresses on University affairs. Approxi
mately 450 alumni will be present at
the luncheon.
The speeches following the luncheon
will be the one part of the day's pro
gram which will be given over to the
serious consideration of what the Uni
versity is doing. The rest of the day's
events will be purely social. In the
addresses will be outlined what Stan
ford has accomplished in the past,
developments in her organization, and
a discussion of her plans for the fu
ture.
Dr. Wilbur will open the program by
giving a short talk in which he will
announce a number of gifts to the
University. A. E. Roth, '09, will talk
on recent additions to the University
plant and plans for the beautification
of the campus. Mary Yost, dean of
women, will discuss self-government
among the women students. Dr. Er
nest Gale Martin, professor of physi
ology, will speak on the new school of
biology which has just been formed
at Stanford.
Ralph H. Lutz, '06, associate pro
fessor of history and director of the
Hoover war library, will outline some
of the recent developments and addi
tions to this library, which is the
greatest in America, on the subject
of the World War. The new citizen
ship course to be given to the entire
freshman class next year will be dis
cussed by Professor Edgar E. Robin
son of the History department. Dr.
Charles D. Marx, professor of civil
engineering, will talk about the Stan
ford engineering schools. The work
being accomplished by the geology
department will be outlined by Pro
fessor Eliot Blackwelder of that de
partment.
At 3:30, the Seniors will conduct
their guests to the New Union for a
band concert, refreshments and enter
tainment.
Stanford seniors will take balcony
seats while their elders, the visiting
alumni, occupy the center of the stage
at the luncheon to be given Saturday
noon by President and Mrs. Wilbur at
the Wilbur home. Only visiting alumni
will attend the luncheon proper which
will be served at 12:30. At 2 o'clock
local alumni from Palo Alto and Stan
ford together with the humbled sen
iors, will assemble to hear short ad
dresses on University affairs. Approxi
mately 450 alumni will be present at
the luncheon.
The speeches following the luncheon
will be the one part of the day's pro
gram which will be given over to the
serious consideration of what the Uni
versity is doing. The rest of the day's
events will be purely social. In the
addresses will be outlined what Stan
ford has accomplished in the past,
developments in her organization, and
a discussion of her plans for the fu
ture.
Dr. Wilbur will open the program by
giving a short talk in which he will
announce a number of gifts to the
University. A. E. Roth, '09, will talk
on recent additions to the University
plant and plans for the beautification
of the campus. Mary Yost, dean of
women, will discuss self-government
among the women students. Dr. Er
nest Gale Martin, professor of physi
ology, will speak on the new school of
biology which has just been formed
at Stanford.
Ralph H. Lutz, '06, associate pro
fessor of history and director of the
Hoover war library, will outline some
of the recent developments and addi
tions to this library, which is the
greatest in America, on the subject
of the World War. The new citizen
ship course to be given to the entire
freshman class next year will be dis
cussed by Professor Edgar E. Robin
son of the History department. Dr.
Charles D. Marx, professor of civil
engineering, will talk about the Stan
ford engineering schools. The work
being accomplished by the geology
department will be outlined by Pro
fessor Eliot Blackwelder of that de
partment.
At 3:30, the Seniors will conduct
their guests to the New Union for a
band concert, refreshments and enter
tainment.
Stanford seniors will take balcony
seats while their elders, the visiting
alumni, occupy the center of the stage
at the luncheon to be given Saturday
noon by President and Mrs. Wilbur at
the Wilbur home. Only visiting alumni
will attend the luncheon proper which
will be served at 12:30. At 2 o'clock
local alumni from Palo Alto and Stan
ford together with the humbled sen
iors, will assemble to hear short ad
dresses on University affairs. Approxi
mately 450 alumni will be present at
the luncheon.
The speeches following the luncheon
will be the one part of the day's pro
gram which will be given over to the
serious consideration of what the Uni
versity is doing. The rest of the day's
events will be purely social. In the
addresses will be outlined what Stan
ford has accomplished in the past,
developments in her organization, and
a discussion of her plans for the fu
ture.
Dr. Wilbur will open the program by
giving a short talk in which he will
announce a number of gifts to the
University. A. E. Roth, '09, will talk
on recent additions to the University
plant and plans for the beautification
of the campus. Mary Yost, dean of
women, will discuss self-government
among the women students. Dr. Er
nest Gale Martin, professor of physi
ology, will speak on the new school of
biology which has just been formed
at Stanford.
Ralph H. Lutz, '06, associate pro
fessor of history and director of the
Hoover war library, will outline some
of the recent developments and addi
tions to this library, which is the
greatest in America, on the subject
of the World War. The new citizen
ship course to be given to the entire
freshman class next year will be dis
cussed by Professor Edgar E. Robin
son of the History department. Dr.
Charles D. Marx, professor of civil
engineering, will talk about the Stan
ford engineering schools. The work
being accomplished by the geology
department will be outlined by Pro
fessor Eliot Blackwelder of that de
partment.
At 3:30, the Seniors will conduct
their guests to the New Union for a
band concert, refreshments and enter
tainment.
Stanford seniors will take balcony
seats while their elders, the visiting
alumni, occupy the center of the stage
at the luncheon to be given Saturday
noon by President and Mrs. Wilbur at
the Wilbur home. Only visiting alumni
will attend the luncheon proper which
will be served at 12:30. At 2 o'clock
local alumni from Palo Alto and Stan
ford together with the humbled sen
iors, will assemble to hear short ad
dresses on University affairs. Approxi
mately 450 alumni will be present at
the luncheon.
The speeches following the luncheon
will be the one part of the day's pro
gram which will be given over to the
serious consideration of what the Uni
versity is doing. The rest of the day's
events will be purely social. In the
addresses will be outlined what Stan
ford has accomplished in the past,
developments in her organization, and
a discussion of her plans for the fu
ture.
Dr. Wilbur will open the program by
giving a short talk in which he will
announce a number of gifts to the
University. A. E. Roth, '09, will talk
on recent additions to the University
plant and plans for the beautification
of the campus. Mary Yost, dean of
women, will discuss self-government
among the women students. Dr. Er
nest Gale Martin, professor of physi
ology, will speak on the new school of
biology which has just been formed
at Stanford.
Ralph H. Lutz, '06, associate pro
fessor of history and director of the
Hoover war library, will outline some
of the recent developments and addi
tions to this library, which is the
greatest in America, on the subject
of the World War. The new citizen
ship course to be given to the entire
freshman class next year will be dis
cussed by Professor Edgar E. Robin
son of the History department. Dr.
Charles D. Marx, professor of civil
engineering, will talk about the Stan
ford engineering schools. The work
being accomplished by the geology
department will be outlined by Pro
fessor Eliot Blackwelder of that de
partment.
At 3:30, the Seniors will conduct
their guests to the New Union for a
band concert, refreshments and enter
tainment.
Stanford seniors will take balcony
seats while their elders, the visiting
alumni, occupy the center of the stage
at the luncheon to be given Saturday
noon by President and Mrs. Wilbur at
the Wilbur home. Only visiting alumni
will attend the luncheon proper which
will be served at 12:30. At 2 o'clock
local alumni from Palo Alto and Stan
ford together with the humbled sen
iors, will assemble to hear short ad
dresses on University affairs. Approxi
mately 450 alumni will be present at
the luncheon.
The speeches following the luncheon
will be the one part of the day's pro
gram which will be given over to the
serious consideration of what the Uni
versity is doing. The rest of the day's
events will be purely social. In the
addresses will be outlined what Stan
ford has accomplished in the past,
developments in her organization, and
a discussion of her plans for the fu
ture.
Dr. Wilbur will open the program by
giving a short talk in which he will
announce a number of gifts to the
University. A. E. Roth, '09, will talk
on recent additions to the University
plant and plans for the beautification
of the campus. Mary Yost, dean of
women, will discuss self-government
among the women students. Dr. Er
nest Gale Martin, professor of physi
ology, will speak on the new school of
biology which has just been formed
at Stanford.
Ralph H. Lutz, '06, associate pro
fessor of history and director of the
Hoover war library, will outline some
of the recent developments and addi
tions to this library, which is the
greatest in America, on the subject
of the World War. The new citizen
ship course to be given to the entire
freshman class next year will be dis
cussed by Professor Edgar E. Robin
son of the History department. Dr.
Charles D. Marx, professor of civil
engineering, will talk about the Stan
ford engineering schools. The work
being accomplished by the geology
department will be outlined by Pro
fessor Eliot Blackwelder of that de
partment.
At 3:30, the Seniors will conduct
their guests to the New Union for a
band concert, refreshments and enter
tainment.
Stanford seniors will take balcony
seats while their elders, the visiting
alumni, occupy the center of the stage
at the luncheon to be given Saturday
noon by President and Mrs. Wilbur at
the Wilbur home. Only visiting alumni
will attend the luncheon proper which
will be served at 12:30. At 2 o'clock
local alumni from Palo Alto and Stan
ford together with the humbled sen
iors, will assemble to hear short ad
dresses on University affairs. Approxi
mately 450 alumni will be present at
the luncheon.
The speeches following the luncheon
will be the one part of the day's pro
gram which will be given over to the
serious consideration of what the Uni
versity is doing. The rest of the day's
events will be purely social. In the
addresses will be outlined what Stan
ford has accomplished in the past,
developments in her organization, and
a discussion of her plans for the fu
ture.
Dr. Wilbur will open the program by
giving a short talk in which he will
announce a number of gifts to the
University. A. E. Roth, '09, will talk
on recent additions to the University
plant and plans for the beautification
of the campus. Mary Yost, dean of
women, will discuss self-government
among the women students. Dr. Er
nest Gale Martin, professor of physi
ology, will speak on the new school of
biology which has just been formed
at Stanford.
Ralph H. Lutz, '06, associate pro
fessor of history and director of the
Hoover war library, will outline some
of the recent developments and addi
tions to this library, which is the
greatest in America, on the subject
of the World War. The new citizen
ship course to be given to the entire
freshman class next year will be dis
cussed by Professor Edgar E. Robin
son of the History department. Dr.
Charles D. Marx, professor of civil
engineering, will talk about the Stan
ford engineering schools. The work
being accomplished by the geology
department will be outlined by Pro
fessor Eliot Blackwelder of that de
partment.
At 3:30, the Seniors will conduct
their guests to the New Union for a
band concert, refreshments and enter
tainment.
Stanford seniors will take balcony
seats while their elders, the visiting
alumni, occupy the center of the stage
at the luncheon to be given Saturday
noon by President and Mrs. Wilbur at
the Wilbur home. Only visiting alumni
will attend the luncheon proper which
will be served at 12:30. At 2 o'clock
local alumni from Palo Alto and Stan
ford together with the humbled sen
iors, will assemble to hear short ad
dresses on University affairs. Approxi
mately 450 alumni will be present at
the luncheon.
The speeches following the luncheon
will be the one part of the day's pro
gram which will be given over to the
serious consideration of what the Uni
versity is doing. The rest of the day's
events will be purely social. In the
addresses will be outlined what Stan
ford has accomplished in the past,
developments in her organization, and
a discussion of her plans for the fu
ture.
Dr. Wilbur will open the program by
giving a short talk in which he will
announce a number of gifts to the
University. A. E. Roth, '09, will talk
on recent additions to the University
plant and plans for the beautification
of the campus. Mary Yost, dean of
women, will discuss self-government
among the women students. Dr. Er
nest Gale Martin, professor of physi
ology, will speak on the new school of
biology which has just been formed
at Stanford.
Ralph H. Lutz, '06, associate pro
fessor of history and director of the
Hoover war library, will outline some
of the recent developments and addi
tions to this library, which is the
greatest in America, on the subject
of the World War. The new citizen
ship course to be given to the entire
freshman class next year will be dis
cussed by Professor Edgar E. Robin
son of the History department. Dr.
Charles D. Marx, professor of civil
engineering, will talk about the Stan
ford engineering schools. The work
being accomplished by the geology
department will be outlined by Pro
fessor Eliot Blackwelder of that de
partment.
At 3:30, the Seniors will conduct
their guests to the New Union for a
band concert, refreshments and enter
tainment.
Stanford seniors will take balcony
seats while their elders, the visiting
alumni, occupy the center of the stage
at the luncheon to be given Saturday
noon by President and Mrs. Wilbur at
the Wilbur home. Only visiting alumni
will attend the luncheon proper which
will be served at 12:30. At 2 o'clock
local alumni from Palo Alto and Stan
ford together with the humbled sen
iors, will assemble to hear short ad
dresses on University affairs. Approxi
mately 450 alumni will be present at
the luncheon.
The speeches following the luncheon
will be the one part of the day's pro
gram which will be given over to the
serious consideration of what the Uni
versity is doing. The rest of the day's
events will be purely social. In the
addresses will be outlined what Stan
ford has accomplished in the past,
developments in her organization, and
a discussion of her plans for the fu
ture.
Dr. Wilbur will open the program by
giving a short talk in which he will
announce a number of gifts to the
University. A. E. Roth, '09, will talk
on recent additions to the University
plant and plans for the beautification
of the campus. Mary Yost, dean of
women, will discuss self-government
among the women students. Dr. Er
nest Gale Martin, professor of physi
ology, will speak on the new school of
biology which has just been formed
at Stanford.
Ralph H. Lutz, '06, associate pro
fessor of history and director of the
Hoover war library, will outline some
of the recent developments and addi
tions to this library, which is the
greatest in America, on the subject
of the World War. The new citizen
ship course to be given to the entire
freshman class next year will be dis
cussed by Professor Edgar E. Robin
son of the History department. Dr.
Charles D. Marx, professor of civil
engineering, will talk about the Stan
ford engineering schools. The work
being accomplished by the geology
department will be outlined by Pro
fessor Eliot Blackwelder of that de
partment.
At 3:30, the Seniors will conduct
their guests to the New Union for a
band concert, refreshments and enter
tainment.
Stanford seniors will take balcony
seats while their elders, the visiting
alumni, occupy the center of the stage
at the luncheon to be given Saturday
noon by President and Mrs. Wilbur at
the Wilbur home. Only visiting alumni
will attend the luncheon proper which
will be served at 12:30. At 2 o'clock
local alumni from Palo Alto and Stan
ford together with the humbled sen
iors, will assemble to hear short ad
dresses on University affairs. Approxi
mately 450 alumni will be present at
the luncheon.
The speeches following the luncheon
will be the one part of the day's pro
gram which will be given over to the
serious consideration of what the Uni
versity is doing. The rest of the day's
events will be purely social. In the
addresses will be outlined what Stan
ford has accomplished in the past,
developments in her organization, and
a discussion of her plans for the fu
ture.
Dr. Wilbur will open the program by
giving a short talk in which he will
announce a number of gifts to the
University. A. E. Roth, '09, will talk
on recent additions to the University
plant and plans for the beautification
of the campus. Mary Yost, dean of
women, will discuss self-government
among the women students. Dr. Er
nest Gale Martin, professor of physi
ology, will speak on the new school of
biology which has just been formed
at Stanford.
Ralph H. Lutz, '06, associate pro
fessor of history and director of the
Hoover war library, will outline some
of the recent developments and addi
tions to this library, which is the
greatest in America, on the subject
of the World War. The new citizen
ship course to be given to the entire
freshman class next year will be dis
cussed by Professor Edgar E. Robin
son of the History department. Dr.
Charles D. Marx, professor of civil
engineering, will talk about the Stan
ford engineering schools. The work
being accomplished by the geology
department will be outlined by Pro
fessor Eliot Blackwelder of that de
partment.
At 3:30, the Seniors will conduct
their guests to the New Union for a
band concert, refreshments and enter
tainment.
Stanford seniors will take balcony
seats while their elders, the visiting
alumni, occupy the center of the stage
at the luncheon to be given Saturday
noon by President and Mrs. Wilbur at
the Wilbur home. Only visiting alumni
will attend the luncheon proper which
will be served at 12:30. At 2 o'clock
local alumni from Palo Alto and Stan
ford together with the humbled sen
iors, will assemble to hear short ad
dresses on University affairs. Approxi
mately 450 alumni will be present at
the luncheon.
The speeches following the luncheon
will be the one part of the day's pro
gram which will be given over to the
serious consideration of what the Uni
versity is doing. The rest of the day's
events will be purely social. In the
addresses will be outlined what Stan
ford has accomplished in the past,
developments in her organization, and
a discussion of her plans for the fu
ture.
Dr. Wilbur will open the program by
giving a short talk in which he will
announce a number of gifts to the
University. A. E. Roth, '09, will talk
on recent additions to the University
plant and plans for the beautification
of the campus. Mary Yost, dean of
women, will discuss self-government
among the women students. Dr. Er
nest Gale Martin, professor of physi
ology, will speak on the new school of
biology which has just been formed
at Stanford.
Ralph H. Lutz, '06, associate pro
fessor of history and director of the
Hoover war library, will outline some
of the recent developments and addi
tions to this library, which is the
greatest in America, on the subject
of the World War. The new citizen
ship course to be given to the entire
freshman class next year will be dis
cussed by Professor Edgar E. Robin
son of the History department. Dr.
Charles D. Marx, professor of civil
engineering, will talk about the Stan
ford engineering schools. The work
being accomplished by the geology
department will be outlined by Pro
fessor Eliot Blackwelder of that de
partment.
At 3:30, the Seniors will conduct
their guests to the New Union for a
band concert, refreshments and enter
tainment.
Stanford seniors will take balcony
seats while their elders, the visiting
alumni, occupy the center of the stage
at the luncheon to be given Saturday
noon by President and Mrs. Wilbur at
the Wilbur home. Only visiting alumni
will attend the luncheon proper which
will be served at 12:30. At 2 o'clock
local alumni from Palo Alto and Stan
ford together with the humbled sen
iors, will assemble to hear short ad
dresses on University affairs. Approxi
mately 450 alumni will be present at
the luncheon.
The speeches following the luncheon
will be the one part of the day's pro
gram which will be given over to the
serious consideration of what the Uni
versity is doing. The rest of the day's
events will be purely social. In the
addresses will be outlined what Stan
ford has accomplished in the past,
developments in her organization, and
a discussion of her plans for the fu
ture.
Dr. Wilbur will open the program by
giving a short talk in which he will
announce a number of gifts to the
University. A. E. Roth, '09, will talk
on recent additions to the University
plant and plans for the beautification
of the campus. Mary Yost, dean of
women, will discuss self-government
among the women students. Dr. Er
nest Gale Martin, professor of physi
ology, will speak on the new school of
biology which has just been formed
at Stanford.
Ralph H. Lutz, '06, associate pro
fessor of history and director of the
Hoover war library, will outline some
of the recent developments and addi
tions to this library, which is the
greatest in America, on the subject
of the World War. The new citizen
ship course to be given to the entire
freshman class next year will be dis
cussed by Professor Edgar E. Robin
son of the History department. Dr.
Charles D. Marx, professor of civil
engineering, will talk about the Stan
ford engineering schools. The work
being accomplished by the geology
department will be outlined by Pro
fessor Eliot Blackwelder of that de
partment.
At 3:30, the Seniors will conduct
their guests to the New Union for a
band concert, refreshments and enter
tainment.
