# NOTICE
## 
### 
SENIORS: Orders for caps and gowns
must be in the Bookstore by June 2.
SENIORS: Orders for caps and gowns
must be in the Bookstore by June 2.
SENIORS: Orders for caps and gowns
must be in the Bookstore by June 2.
SENIORS: Orders for caps and gowns
must be in the Bookstore by June 2.
SENIORS: Orders for caps and gowns
must be in the Bookstore by June 2.
SENIORS: Orders for caps and gowns
must be in the Bookstore by June 2.
SENIORS: Orders for caps and gowns
must be in the Bookstore by June 2.
SENIORS: Orders for caps and gowns
must be in the Bookstore by June 2.
SENIORS: Orders for caps and gowns
must be in the Bookstore by June 2.
SENIORS: Orders for caps and gowns
must be in the Bookstore by June 2.
SENIORS: Orders for caps and gowns
must be in the Bookstore by June 2.
SENIORS: Orders for caps and gowns
must be in the Bookstore by June 2.
SENIORS: Orders for caps and gowns
must be in the Bookstore by June 2.
SENIORS: Orders for caps and gowns
must be in the Bookstore by June 2.
SENIORS: Orders for caps and gowns
must be in the Bookstore by June 2.
