# AFFIRMATIVE WIN BOTH DERATES
## 
### 
The question of lebate before Euph
ronia Debating Society last evening,
"Resolved, That the existing system
of commercial distribution between
the producer and the consumer is the
chief cause of the high cost of living,"
was won by the affirmativeâ€”support
ed by R. C. J. Jensen, 'IG, and J. W.
Dodge, 'Hi. The negative was upheld
by A. .1. Hettinger, 'l(i, and C. 1?.
Weston, *15.
In Nestoria the expediency of the
spending of $60,000 at the present
time, for a concrete stadium was the
question. The affirmative opposing
the expenditure won the debate, al
though the majori.v of the meeting as
shown in the subsequent talks, favor
ed them. The affirmative team was
W. T. Barry, '15, and A. A. Gold
smith, '15, and the negative, J. F.
Elden, '1(1. and It. E. Xeedham, 'lf>.
