# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
FOR FREE
Have we told you that
with any RCA 45 player
you get a choice from a
list of 1 8 albums?
worth over 6 bucks
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
I 7 .J
FOR FREE
Have we told you that
with any RCA 45 player
you get a choice from a
list of 1 8 albums?
worth over 6 bucks
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
I 7 .J
FOR FREE
Have we told you that
with any RCA 45 player
you get a choice from a
list of 1 8 albums?
worth over 6 bucks
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
I 7 .J
FOR FREE
Have we told you that
with any RCA 45 player
you get a choice from a
list of 1 8 albums?
worth over 6 bucks
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
I 7 .J
FOR FREE
Have we told you that
with any RCA 45 player
you get a choice from a
list of 1 8 albums?
worth over 6 bucks
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
I 7 .J
FOR FREE
Have we told you that
with any RCA 45 player
you get a choice from a
list of 1 8 albums?
worth over 6 bucks
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
I 7 .J
FOR FREE
Have we told you that
with any RCA 45 player
you get a choice from a
list of 1 8 albums?
worth over 6 bucks
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
I 7 .J
FOR FREE
Have we told you that
with any RCA 45 player
you get a choice from a
list of 1 8 albums?
worth over 6 bucks
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
I 7 .J
FOR FREE
Have we told you that
with any RCA 45 player
you get a choice from a
list of 1 8 albums?
worth over 6 bucks
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
I 7 .J
FOR FREE
Have we told you that
with any RCA 45 player
you get a choice from a
list of 1 8 albums?
worth over 6 bucks
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
I 7 .J
FOR FREE
Have we told you that
with any RCA 45 player
you get a choice from a
list of 1 8 albums?
worth over 6 bucks
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
I 7 .J
FOR FREE
Have we told you that
with any RCA 45 player
you get a choice from a
list of 1 8 albums?
worth over 6 bucks
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
I 7 .J
FOR FREE
Have we told you that
with any RCA 45 player
you get a choice from a
list of 1 8 albums?
worth over 6 bucks
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
I 7 .J
FOR FREE
Have we told you that
with any RCA 45 player
you get a choice from a
list of 1 8 albums?
worth over 6 bucks
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
I 7 .J
FOR FREE
Have we told you that
with any RCA 45 player
you get a choice from a
list of 1 8 albums?
worth over 6 bucks
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
I 7 .J
