# George Raft Stars In Sunday's Film
## 
### 
"Outpost in Morocco," co-starring
George Raft and Marie Windsor,
the second Sunday evening movie
of the year, will be shown in Me
morial Auditorium at 7:30.
"Outpost in Morocco," co-starring
George Raft and Marie Windsor,
the second Sunday evening movie
of the year, will be shown in Me
morial Auditorium at 7:30.
"Outpost in Morocco," co-starring
George Raft and Marie Windsor,
the second Sunday evening movie
of the year, will be shown in Me
morial Auditorium at 7:30.
"Outpost in Morocco," co-starring
George Raft and Marie Windsor,
the second Sunday evening movie
of the year, will be shown in Me
morial Auditorium at 7:30.
"Outpost in Morocco," co-starring
George Raft and Marie Windsor,
the second Sunday evening movie
of the year, will be shown in Me
morial Auditorium at 7:30.
"Outpost in Morocco," co-starring
George Raft and Marie Windsor,
the second Sunday evening movie
of the year, will be shown in Me
morial Auditorium at 7:30.
"Outpost in Morocco," co-starring
George Raft and Marie Windsor,
the second Sunday evening movie
of the year, will be shown in Me
morial Auditorium at 7:30.
"Outpost in Morocco," co-starring
George Raft and Marie Windsor,
the second Sunday evening movie
of the year, will be shown in Me
morial Auditorium at 7:30.
"Outpost in Morocco," co-starring
George Raft and Marie Windsor,
the second Sunday evening movie
of the year, will be shown in Me
morial Auditorium at 7:30.
"Outpost in Morocco," co-starring
George Raft and Marie Windsor,
the second Sunday evening movie
of the year, will be shown in Me
morial Auditorium at 7:30.
"Outpost in Morocco," co-starring
George Raft and Marie Windsor,
the second Sunday evening movie
of the year, will be shown in Me
morial Auditorium at 7:30.
"Outpost in Morocco," co-starring
George Raft and Marie Windsor,
the second Sunday evening movie
of the year, will be shown in Me
morial Auditorium at 7:30.
"Outpost in Morocco," co-starring
George Raft and Marie Windsor,
the second Sunday evening movie
of the year, will be shown in Me
morial Auditorium at 7:30.
"Outpost in Morocco," co-starring
George Raft and Marie Windsor,
the second Sunday evening movie
of the year, will be shown in Me
morial Auditorium at 7:30.
"Outpost in Morocco," co-starring
George Raft and Marie Windsor,
the second Sunday evening movie
of the year, will be shown in Me
morial Auditorium at 7:30.
