# Santa Clara Wins.
## 
### 
Santa Clara College won the re
turn match with Stanford on our
campua. today, by a score of 3-1.
In the first inning Santa Clara
made two runs, chiefly through the
errors of Stanford. In the second
Havens scored Stanford's only run.
In the seventh Keefe of Santa
Clara scored. In the eighth all
the bases were full, with Havens at
the bat. Havens failed to connect
with the ball and made the third
out.
Kelley did not pitch his usual
game, fanning out only two men.
Lanagan was at his best, striking
twelve men out. Cowden at second
was severely cut in the face by
Graham's shoe plate. Taken as a
whole the game was not equal to
that played by Berkeley against
Santa Clara a week ago.
Santa Clara College won the re
turn match with Stanford on our
campua. today, by a score of 3-1.
In the first inning Santa Clara
made two runs, chiefly through the
errors of Stanford. In the second
Havens scored Stanford's only run.
In the seventh Keefe of Santa
Clara scored. In the eighth all
the bases were full, with Havens at
the bat. Havens failed to connect
with the ball and made the third
out.
Kelley did not pitch his usual
game, fanning out only two men.
Lanagan was at his best, striking
twelve men out. Cowden at second
was severely cut in the face by
Graham's shoe plate. Taken as a
whole the game was not equal to
that played by Berkeley against
Santa Clara a week ago.
Santa Clara College won the re
turn match with Stanford on our
campua. today, by a score of 3-1.
In the first inning Santa Clara
made two runs, chiefly through the
errors of Stanford. In the second
Havens scored Stanford's only run.
In the seventh Keefe of Santa
Clara scored. In the eighth all
the bases were full, with Havens at
the bat. Havens failed to connect
with the ball and made the third
out.
Kelley did not pitch his usual
game, fanning out only two men.
Lanagan was at his best, striking
twelve men out. Cowden at second
was severely cut in the face by
Graham's shoe plate. Taken as a
whole the game was not equal to
that played by Berkeley against
Santa Clara a week ago.
Santa Clara College won the re
turn match with Stanford on our
campua. today, by a score of 3-1.
In the first inning Santa Clara
made two runs, chiefly through the
errors of Stanford. In the second
Havens scored Stanford's only run.
In the seventh Keefe of Santa
Clara scored. In the eighth all
the bases were full, with Havens at
the bat. Havens failed to connect
with the ball and made the third
out.
Kelley did not pitch his usual
game, fanning out only two men.
Lanagan was at his best, striking
twelve men out. Cowden at second
was severely cut in the face by
Graham's shoe plate. Taken as a
whole the game was not equal to
that played by Berkeley against
Santa Clara a week ago.
Santa Clara College won the re
turn match with Stanford on our
campua. today, by a score of 3-1.
In the first inning Santa Clara
made two runs, chiefly through the
errors of Stanford. In the second
Havens scored Stanford's only run.
In the seventh Keefe of Santa
Clara scored. In the eighth all
the bases were full, with Havens at
the bat. Havens failed to connect
with the ball and made the third
out.
Kelley did not pitch his usual
game, fanning out only two men.
Lanagan was at his best, striking
twelve men out. Cowden at second
was severely cut in the face by
Graham's shoe plate. Taken as a
whole the game was not equal to
that played by Berkeley against
Santa Clara a week ago.
Santa Clara College won the re
turn match with Stanford on our
campua. today, by a score of 3-1.
In the first inning Santa Clara
made two runs, chiefly through the
errors of Stanford. In the second
Havens scored Stanford's only run.
In the seventh Keefe of Santa
Clara scored. In the eighth all
the bases were full, with Havens at
the bat. Havens failed to connect
with the ball and made the third
out.
Kelley did not pitch his usual
game, fanning out only two men.
Lanagan was at his best, striking
twelve men out. Cowden at second
was severely cut in the face by
Graham's shoe plate. Taken as a
whole the game was not equal to
that played by Berkeley against
Santa Clara a week ago.
Santa Clara College won the re
turn match with Stanford on our
campua. today, by a score of 3-1.
In the first inning Santa Clara
made two runs, chiefly through the
errors of Stanford. In the second
Havens scored Stanford's only run.
In the seventh Keefe of Santa
Clara scored. In the eighth all
the bases were full, with Havens at
the bat. Havens failed to connect
with the ball and made the third
out.
Kelley did not pitch his usual
game, fanning out only two men.
Lanagan was at his best, striking
twelve men out. Cowden at second
was severely cut in the face by
Graham's shoe plate. Taken as a
whole the game was not equal to
that played by Berkeley against
Santa Clara a week ago.
