# Estonia declares sovereignty
## 
### 
TALLINN, U.S.S.R. (AP) -
The Estonian parliament yester
day declared the tiny Baltic
republic "sovereign" with the
right to veto Soviet laws.
Before the vote, deputies from
the Communist Party and gov
ernment of Estonia held a debate
in which they detailed the
republic's need to control land,
factories and laws, saying
centralized control from Moscow
had been ruinous for both the
economy and environment.
The vote on the "declaration of
sovereignty" was 258-1, with five

abstentions. It came after a vote
on related amendments to the Es
tonian constitution that passed
254-7.
The amendments include one
declaring that Soviet laws will
take effect in Estonia "upon their
registration by the Presidium of
the Supreme Soviet of the Es
tonian Soviet Socialist Republic
in a way regulated by it." That
somewhat vague wording was ap
parently the result of a last
minute compromise.
The other four amendments add
human and civil rights guaran

tees, claim the land and natural
resources of the republic as the
property of Estonia rather than
of the "state," and guarantee the
right to hold private property.
The declaration of sovereignty
stopped short of calling for com
plete independence, but demanded
a treaty be negotiated with Mos
cow to "determine the further
status of Estonia in the composi
tion of the Soviet Union."
The decisions of the Estonian
parliament were not immediately
reported or commented on by
state-run media in Moscow.
TALLINN, U.S.S.R. (AP) -
The Estonian parliament yester
day declared the tiny Baltic
republic "sovereign" with the
right to veto Soviet laws.
Before the vote, deputies from
the Communist Party and gov
ernment of Estonia held a debate
in which they detailed the
republic's need to control land,
factories and laws, saying
centralized control from Moscow
had been ruinous for both the
economy and environment.
The vote on the "declaration of
sovereignty" was 258-1, with five

abstentions. It came after a vote
on related amendments to the Es
tonian constitution that passed
254-7.
The amendments include one
declaring that Soviet laws will
take effect in Estonia "upon their
registration by the Presidium of
the Supreme Soviet of the Es
tonian Soviet Socialist Republic
in a way regulated by it." That
somewhat vague wording was ap
parently the result of a last
minute compromise.
The other four amendments add
human and civil rights guaran

tees, claim the land and natural
resources of the republic as the
property of Estonia rather than
of the "state," and guarantee the
right to hold private property.
The declaration of sovereignty
stopped short of calling for com
plete independence, but demanded
a treaty be negotiated with Mos
cow to "determine the further
status of Estonia in the composi
tion of the Soviet Union."
The decisions of the Estonian
parliament were not immediately
reported or commented on by
state-run media in Moscow.
TALLINN, U.S.S.R. (AP) -
The Estonian parliament yester
day declared the tiny Baltic
republic "sovereign" with the
right to veto Soviet laws.
Before the vote, deputies from
the Communist Party and gov
ernment of Estonia held a debate
in which they detailed the
republic's need to control land,
factories and laws, saying
centralized control from Moscow
had been ruinous for both the
economy and environment.
The vote on the "declaration of
sovereignty" was 258-1, with five

abstentions. It came after a vote
on related amendments to the Es
tonian constitution that passed
254-7.
The amendments include one
declaring that Soviet laws will
take effect in Estonia "upon their
registration by the Presidium of
the Supreme Soviet of the Es
tonian Soviet Socialist Republic
in a way regulated by it." That
somewhat vague wording was ap
parently the result of a last
minute compromise.
The other four amendments add
human and civil rights guaran

tees, claim the land and natural
resources of the republic as the
property of Estonia rather than
of the "state," and guarantee the
right to hold private property.
The declaration of sovereignty
stopped short of calling for com
plete independence, but demanded
a treaty be negotiated with Mos
cow to "determine the further
status of Estonia in the composi
tion of the Soviet Union."
The decisions of the Estonian
parliament were not immediately
reported or commented on by
state-run media in Moscow.
TALLINN, U.S.S.R. (AP) -
The Estonian parliament yester
day declared the tiny Baltic
republic "sovereign" with the
right to veto Soviet laws.
Before the vote, deputies from
the Communist Party and gov
ernment of Estonia held a debate
in which they detailed the
republic's need to control land,
factories and laws, saying
centralized control from Moscow
had been ruinous for both the
economy and environment.
The vote on the "declaration of
sovereignty" was 258-1, with five

abstentions. It came after a vote
on related amendments to the Es
tonian constitution that passed
254-7.
The amendments include one
declaring that Soviet laws will
take effect in Estonia "upon their
registration by the Presidium of
the Supreme Soviet of the Es
tonian Soviet Socialist Republic
in a way regulated by it." That
somewhat vague wording was ap
parently the result of a last
minute compromise.
The other four amendments add
human and civil rights guaran

tees, claim the land and natural
resources of the republic as the
property of Estonia rather than
of the "state," and guarantee the
right to hold private property.
The declaration of sovereignty
stopped short of calling for com
plete independence, but demanded
a treaty be negotiated with Mos
cow to "determine the further
status of Estonia in the composi
tion of the Soviet Union."
The decisions of the Estonian
parliament were not immediately
reported or commented on by
state-run media in Moscow.
TALLINN, U.S.S.R. (AP) -
The Estonian parliament yester
day declared the tiny Baltic
republic "sovereign" with the
right to veto Soviet laws.
Before the vote, deputies from
the Communist Party and gov
ernment of Estonia held a debate
in which they detailed the
republic's need to control land,
factories and laws, saying
centralized control from Moscow
had been ruinous for both the
economy and environment.
The vote on the "declaration of
sovereignty" was 258-1, with five

abstentions. It came after a vote
on related amendments to the Es
tonian constitution that passed
254-7.
The amendments include one
declaring that Soviet laws will
take effect in Estonia "upon their
registration by the Presidium of
the Supreme Soviet of the Es
tonian Soviet Socialist Republic
in a way regulated by it." That
somewhat vague wording was ap
parently the result of a last
minute compromise.
The other four amendments add
human and civil rights guaran

tees, claim the land and natural
resources of the republic as the
property of Estonia rather than
of the "state," and guarantee the
right to hold private property.
The declaration of sovereignty
stopped short of calling for com
plete independence, but demanded
a treaty be negotiated with Mos
cow to "determine the further
status of Estonia in the composi
tion of the Soviet Union."
The decisions of the Estonian
parliament were not immediately
reported or commented on by
state-run media in Moscow.
TALLINN, U.S.S.R. (AP) -
The Estonian parliament yester
day declared the tiny Baltic
republic "sovereign" with the
right to veto Soviet laws.
Before the vote, deputies from
the Communist Party and gov
ernment of Estonia held a debate
in which they detailed the
republic's need to control land,
factories and laws, saying
centralized control from Moscow
had been ruinous for both the
economy and environment.
The vote on the "declaration of
sovereignty" was 258-1, with five

abstentions. It came after a vote
on related amendments to the Es
tonian constitution that passed
254-7.
The amendments include one
declaring that Soviet laws will
take effect in Estonia "upon their
registration by the Presidium of
the Supreme Soviet of the Es
tonian Soviet Socialist Republic
in a way regulated by it." That
somewhat vague wording was ap
parently the result of a last
minute compromise.
The other four amendments add
human and civil rights guaran

tees, claim the land and natural
resources of the republic as the
property of Estonia rather than
of the "state," and guarantee the
right to hold private property.
The declaration of sovereignty
stopped short of calling for com
plete independence, but demanded
a treaty be negotiated with Mos
cow to "determine the further
status of Estonia in the composi
tion of the Soviet Union."
The decisions of the Estonian
parliament were not immediately
reported or commented on by
state-run media in Moscow.
TALLINN, U.S.S.R. (AP) -
The Estonian parliament yester
day declared the tiny Baltic
republic "sovereign" with the
right to veto Soviet laws.
Before the vote, deputies from
the Communist Party and gov
ernment of Estonia held a debate
in which they detailed the
republic's need to control land,
factories and laws, saying
centralized control from Moscow
had been ruinous for both the
economy and environment.
The vote on the "declaration of
sovereignty" was 258-1, with five

abstentions. It came after a vote
on related amendments to the Es
tonian constitution that passed
254-7.
The amendments include one
declaring that Soviet laws will
take effect in Estonia "upon their
registration by the Presidium of
the Supreme Soviet of the Es
tonian Soviet Socialist Republic
in a way regulated by it." That
somewhat vague wording was ap
parently the result of a last
minute compromise.
The other four amendments add
human and civil rights guaran

tees, claim the land and natural
resources of the republic as the
property of Estonia rather than
of the "state," and guarantee the
right to hold private property.
The declaration of sovereignty
stopped short of calling for com
plete independence, but demanded
a treaty be negotiated with Mos
cow to "determine the further
status of Estonia in the composi
tion of the Soviet Union."
The decisions of the Estonian
parliament were not immediately
reported or commented on by
state-run media in Moscow.
TALLINN, U.S.S.R. (AP) -
The Estonian parliament yester
day declared the tiny Baltic
republic "sovereign" with the
right to veto Soviet laws.
Before the vote, deputies from
the Communist Party and gov
ernment of Estonia held a debate
in which they detailed the
republic's need to control land,
factories and laws, saying
centralized control from Moscow
had been ruinous for both the
economy and environment.
The vote on the "declaration of
sovereignty" was 258-1, with five

abstentions. It came after a vote
on related amendments to the Es
tonian constitution that passed
254-7.
The amendments include one
declaring that Soviet laws will
take effect in Estonia "upon their
registration by the Presidium of
the Supreme Soviet of the Es
tonian Soviet Socialist Republic
in a way regulated by it." That
somewhat vague wording was ap
parently the result of a last
minute compromise.
The other four amendments add
human and civil rights guaran

tees, claim the land and natural
resources of the republic as the
property of Estonia rather than
of the "state," and guarantee the
right to hold private property.
The declaration of sovereignty
stopped short of calling for com
plete independence, but demanded
a treaty be negotiated with Mos
cow to "determine the further
status of Estonia in the composi
tion of the Soviet Union."
The decisions of the Estonian
parliament were not immediately
reported or commented on by
state-run media in Moscow.
