# Contents
## 
### 
Results
£ la Shultz
6 Former Secretary
of State George
Shultz has brought
numerous world lead
ers to Stanford since
his appointment as a
distinguished fellow at
the Hoover Institu
tion. Yet the man with
a resume that would
make a president
blush has remained
accessible to students
and faculty alike.

Graduation
celebration
7 The University's
100 th graduating
class commenced in
true Stanford form,
complete with bub
bles, rollerblades arid a
life-size blow-up doll,
with a little hard
earned wisdom
thrown in for good
measure.

Tough
choices ahead
the midst of
I major finan
cial crisis, administra
tors are facing a grow
ing budget strain:
financial aid. In the
past decade, Stanford
has contributed
increasing amounts of
money toward finan
cial aid, while state
and federal contribu
tions have remained
virtually the same.
The policy, according
to many, has helped
create a diverse stu
dent body. Administra
tors are struggling to
balance principles
with budget priorities.

New perks
for Birch
singles
I champion San
dra Birch nets GTE's
Academic All-Ameri
can of the Year award.

Summer's reel
entertainment
1(5' Whether
in the
mood for a four-han
kie flick or a bubbly
comedy, The Weekly's
definitive movie guide
can send you reeling
in the right direction.





Results
£ la Shultz
6 Former Secretary
of State George
Shultz has brought
numerous world lead
ers to Stanford since
his appointment as a
distinguished fellow at
the Hoover Institu
tion. Yet the man with
a resume that would
make a president
blush has remained
accessible to students
and faculty alike.

Graduation
celebration
7 The University's
100 th graduating
class commenced in
true Stanford form,
complete with bub
bles, rollerblades arid a
life-size blow-up doll,
with a little hard
earned wisdom
thrown in for good
measure.

Tough
choices ahead
the midst of
I major finan
cial crisis, administra
tors are facing a grow
ing budget strain:
financial aid. In the
past decade, Stanford
has contributed
increasing amounts of
money toward finan
cial aid, while state
and federal contribu
tions have remained
virtually the same.
The policy, according
to many, has helped
create a diverse stu
dent body. Administra
tors are struggling to
balance principles
with budget priorities.

New perks
for Birch
singles
I champion San
dra Birch nets GTE's
Academic All-Ameri
can of the Year award.

Summer's reel
entertainment
1(5' Whether
in the
mood for a four-han
kie flick or a bubbly
comedy, The Weekly's
definitive movie guide
can send you reeling
in the right direction.





Results
£ la Shultz
6 Former Secretary
of State George
Shultz has brought
numerous world lead
ers to Stanford since
his appointment as a
distinguished fellow at
the Hoover Institu
tion. Yet the man with
a resume that would
make a president
blush has remained
accessible to students
and faculty alike.

Graduation
celebration
7 The University's
100 th graduating
class commenced in
true Stanford form,
complete with bub
bles, rollerblades arid a
life-size blow-up doll,
with a little hard
earned wisdom
thrown in for good
measure.

Tough
choices ahead
the midst of
I major finan
cial crisis, administra
tors are facing a grow
ing budget strain:
financial aid. In the
past decade, Stanford
has contributed
increasing amounts of
money toward finan
cial aid, while state
and federal contribu
tions have remained
virtually the same.
The policy, according
to many, has helped
create a diverse stu
dent body. Administra
tors are struggling to
balance principles
with budget priorities.

New perks
for Birch
singles
I champion San
dra Birch nets GTE's
Academic All-Ameri
can of the Year award.

Summer's reel
entertainment
1(5' Whether
in the
mood for a four-han
kie flick or a bubbly
comedy, The Weekly's
definitive movie guide
can send you reeling
in the right direction.





Results
£ la Shultz
6 Former Secretary
of State George
Shultz has brought
numerous world lead
ers to Stanford since
his appointment as a
distinguished fellow at
the Hoover Institu
tion. Yet the man with
a resume that would
make a president
blush has remained
accessible to students
and faculty alike.

Graduation
celebration
7 The University's
100 th graduating
class commenced in
true Stanford form,
complete with bub
bles, rollerblades arid a
life-size blow-up doll,
with a little hard
earned wisdom
thrown in for good
measure.

Tough
choices ahead
the midst of
I major finan
cial crisis, administra
tors are facing a grow
ing budget strain:
financial aid. In the
past decade, Stanford
has contributed
increasing amounts of
money toward finan
cial aid, while state
and federal contribu
tions have remained
virtually the same.
The policy, according
to many, has helped
create a diverse stu
dent body. Administra
tors are struggling to
balance principles
with budget priorities.

New perks
for Birch
singles
I champion San
dra Birch nets GTE's
Academic All-Ameri
can of the Year award.

Summer's reel
entertainment
1(5' Whether
in the
mood for a four-han
kie flick or a bubbly
comedy, The Weekly's
definitive movie guide
can send you reeling
in the right direction.





Results
£ la Shultz
6 Former Secretary
of State George
Shultz has brought
numerous world lead
ers to Stanford since
his appointment as a
distinguished fellow at
the Hoover Institu
tion. Yet the man with
a resume that would
make a president
blush has remained
accessible to students
and faculty alike.

Graduation
celebration
7 The University's
100 th graduating
class commenced in
true Stanford form,
complete with bub
bles, rollerblades arid a
life-size blow-up doll,
with a little hard
earned wisdom
thrown in for good
measure.

Tough
choices ahead
the midst of
I major finan
cial crisis, administra
tors are facing a grow
ing budget strain:
financial aid. In the
past decade, Stanford
has contributed
increasing amounts of
money toward finan
cial aid, while state
and federal contribu
tions have remained
virtually the same.
The policy, according
to many, has helped
create a diverse stu
dent body. Administra
tors are struggling to
balance principles
with budget priorities.

New perks
for Birch
singles
I champion San
dra Birch nets GTE's
Academic All-Ameri
can of the Year award.

Summer's reel
entertainment
1(5' Whether
in the
mood for a four-han
kie flick or a bubbly
comedy, The Weekly's
definitive movie guide
can send you reeling
in the right direction.





Results
£ la Shultz
6 Former Secretary
of State George
Shultz has brought
numerous world lead
ers to Stanford since
his appointment as a
distinguished fellow at
the Hoover Institu
tion. Yet the man with
a resume that would
make a president
blush has remained
accessible to students
and faculty alike.

Graduation
celebration
7 The University's
100 th graduating
class commenced in
true Stanford form,
complete with bub
bles, rollerblades arid a
life-size blow-up doll,
with a little hard
earned wisdom
thrown in for good
measure.

Tough
choices ahead
the midst of
I major finan
cial crisis, administra
tors are facing a grow
ing budget strain:
financial aid. In the
past decade, Stanford
has contributed
increasing amounts of
money toward finan
cial aid, while state
and federal contribu
tions have remained
virtually the same.
The policy, according
to many, has helped
create a diverse stu
dent body. Administra
tors are struggling to
balance principles
with budget priorities.

New perks
for Birch
singles
I champion San
dra Birch nets GTE's
Academic All-Ameri
can of the Year award.

Summer's reel
entertainment
1(5' Whether
in the
mood for a four-han
kie flick or a bubbly
comedy, The Weekly's
definitive movie guide
can send you reeling
in the right direction.





Results
£ la Shultz
6 Former Secretary
of State George
Shultz has brought
numerous world lead
ers to Stanford since
his appointment as a
distinguished fellow at
the Hoover Institu
tion. Yet the man with
a resume that would
make a president
blush has remained
accessible to students
and faculty alike.

Graduation
celebration
7 The University's
100 th graduating
class commenced in
true Stanford form,
complete with bub
bles, rollerblades arid a
life-size blow-up doll,
with a little hard
earned wisdom
thrown in for good
measure.

Tough
choices ahead
the midst of
I major finan
cial crisis, administra
tors are facing a grow
ing budget strain:
financial aid. In the
past decade, Stanford
has contributed
increasing amounts of
money toward finan
cial aid, while state
and federal contribu
tions have remained
virtually the same.
The policy, according
to many, has helped
create a diverse stu
dent body. Administra
tors are struggling to
balance principles
with budget priorities.

New perks
for Birch
singles
I champion San
dra Birch nets GTE's
Academic All-Ameri
can of the Year award.

Summer's reel
entertainment
1(5' Whether
in the
mood for a four-han
kie flick or a bubbly
comedy, The Weekly's
definitive movie guide
can send you reeling
in the right direction.





