# Blind Ambition
## 
### 
Budget realities have
forced the University to
examine whether it can
still afford need-blind
admissions
, page 10

Budget realities have
forced the University to
examine whether it can
still afford need-blind
admissions
, page 10

Budget realities have
forced the University to
examine whether it can
still afford need-blind
admissions
, page 10

Budget realities have
forced the University to
examine whether it can
still afford need-blind
admissions
, page 10

Budget realities have
forced the University to
examine whether it can
still afford need-blind
admissions
, page 10

Budget realities have
forced the University to
examine whether it can
still afford need-blind
admissions
, page 10

Budget realities have
forced the University to
examine whether it can
still afford need-blind
admissions
, page 10

