# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In our zeal fora series of inter
class baseball contests, ure we not
liable to forget the importance of
regular practice for our Varsity
nint? I'loin the schedule as maile
out, it is quite apparent that too
many days of this season are to be
given up to inter-class baseball
games. The captain of the Varsity
says that if we desire to send out a
good, stiong team, it will be neces
sary to change the dates of inter
dass games so that they do not oc
cupy the time that should be given
up to Stanford's diamond lepresen
tatives for the coming season.
We are going to have a hard
enough time to get together our cus
tomary aggregation of winners with
out handicapping ourselves by de
voting time, necessary to perfect the
Varsity team, to unimportant chiss
matches.
