# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The S. F. Ncics Letter of the 9th
inst. comes out in a handsome new
dress. Among its special features are
a weird and perplexing sketch by NV
•1, Morrow, entitled "A (Jhost Story."
There are also some inteteating dis
closures concerning the sham economy
of ihe Legislature, and many other
things that people who want, the truth
and cannot find it in the daily papers
will be interested in reading.
The S. F. Ncics Letter of the 9th
inst. comes out in a handsome new
dress. Among its special features are
a weird and perplexing sketch by NV
•1, Morrow, entitled "A (Jhost Story."
There are also some inteteating dis
closures concerning the sham economy
of ihe Legislature, and many other
things that people who want, the truth
and cannot find it in the daily papers
will be interested in reading.
The S. F. Ncics Letter of the 9th
inst. comes out in a handsome new
dress. Among its special features are
a weird and perplexing sketch by NV
•1, Morrow, entitled "A (Jhost Story."
There are also some inteteating dis
closures concerning the sham economy
of ihe Legislature, and many other
things that people who want, the truth
and cannot find it in the daily papers
will be interested in reading.
The S. F. Ncics Letter of the 9th
inst. comes out in a handsome new
dress. Among its special features are
a weird and perplexing sketch by NV
•1, Morrow, entitled "A (Jhost Story."
There are also some inteteating dis
closures concerning the sham economy
of ihe Legislature, and many other
things that people who want, the truth
and cannot find it in the daily papers
will be interested in reading.
