# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Dog teeth serve as a medium of
exchange in parts of New Guinea.
Dog teeth serve as a medium of
exchange in parts of New Guinea.
Dog teeth serve as a medium of
exchange in parts of New Guinea.
Dog teeth serve as a medium of
exchange in parts of New Guinea.
Dog teeth serve as a medium of
exchange in parts of New Guinea.
Dog teeth serve as a medium of
exchange in parts of New Guinea.
Dog teeth serve as a medium of
exchange in parts of New Guinea.
Dog teeth serve as a medium of
exchange in parts of New Guinea.
Dog teeth serve as a medium of
exchange in parts of New Guinea.
Dog teeth serve as a medium of
exchange in parts of New Guinea.
Dog teeth serve as a medium of
exchange in parts of New Guinea.
Dog teeth serve as a medium of
exchange in parts of New Guinea.
Dog teeth serve as a medium of
exchange in parts of New Guinea.
Dog teeth serve as a medium of
exchange in parts of New Guinea.
Dog teeth serve as a medium of
exchange in parts of New Guinea.
