# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Scientists believe that the ear and
not the stomach is the true cause of
sea-sickness.
Scientists believe that the ear and
not the stomach is the true cause of
sea-sickness.
Scientists believe that the ear and
not the stomach is the true cause of
sea-sickness.
Scientists believe that the ear and
not the stomach is the true cause of
sea-sickness.
Scientists believe that the ear and
not the stomach is the true cause of
sea-sickness.
Scientists believe that the ear and
not the stomach is the true cause of
sea-sickness.
Scientists believe that the ear and
not the stomach is the true cause of
sea-sickness.
Scientists believe that the ear and
not the stomach is the true cause of
sea-sickness.
Scientists believe that the ear and
not the stomach is the true cause of
sea-sickness.
Scientists believe that the ear and
not the stomach is the true cause of
sea-sickness.
Scientists believe that the ear and
not the stomach is the true cause of
sea-sickness.
Scientists believe that the ear and
not the stomach is the true cause of
sea-sickness.
Scientists believe that the ear and
not the stomach is the true cause of
sea-sickness.
Scientists believe that the ear and
not the stomach is the true cause of
sea-sickness.
Scientists believe that the ear and
not the stomach is the true cause of
sea-sickness.
