# Red China Barred From UN Again
## 
### 
UNITED NATIONS. N.Y.. Nov.
11 (UP)â€”The United States won
a battle tonight to exclude Rod
China from the United Nations
for at least another year.
By an 8-5 vote, with one absten
tion, the CI e ne r a 1 Assembly's
steering committee recommended
that the world parliament decide
not to consider any proposals to
oust Nationalist China or seat
Communist China during its cur
rent session.
The steering committee's rec
ommendation appeared certain to
gain the approval of the full As
sembly.
The United States, Britain,
France. China, the Dominican Re
public, Pakistan, Peru and Tur
key voted to keep the Chinese
issue off the agenda.
