# Women to Draw For New Housing
## 
### 
Forty vacancies in women's
residences will be available for
house drawing today. Women
who desire to change campus res
idences may draw from 9 a.m. to
1 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
Any women students except
freshmen may draw to change
residence.
Distribution of the vacancies
has not been completely estab
lished yet. Florence Moore IJall
will have seven: Cardinal, 1; Fai
san, 1; Loro, 1, and Mirlo, 2.
Row houses with vacancies in
clude Hurlburt, 3; Jordan, 1;
Roth, 2; Storey, 2, and Durand
and Lathrop each with 2, one of
which is overassigned.
Cancellation of requests to
change residence must be made
before 4:30 p.m. tomorrow at the
Housing Office, Room 101 A, In
ner Quad.
Forty vacancies in women's
residences will be available for
house drawing today. Women
who desire to change campus res
idences may draw from 9 a.m. to
1 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
Any women students except
freshmen may draw to change
residence.
Distribution of the vacancies
has not been completely estab
lished yet. Florence Moore IJall
will have seven: Cardinal, 1; Fai
san, 1; Loro, 1, and Mirlo, 2.
Row houses with vacancies in
clude Hurlburt, 3; Jordan, 1;
Roth, 2; Storey, 2, and Durand
and Lathrop each with 2, one of
which is overassigned.
Cancellation of requests to
change residence must be made
before 4:30 p.m. tomorrow at the
Housing Office, Room 101 A, In
ner Quad.
Forty vacancies in women's
residences will be available for
house drawing today. Women
who desire to change campus res
idences may draw from 9 a.m. to
1 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
Any women students except
freshmen may draw to change
residence.
Distribution of the vacancies
has not been completely estab
lished yet. Florence Moore IJall
will have seven: Cardinal, 1; Fai
san, 1; Loro, 1, and Mirlo, 2.
Row houses with vacancies in
clude Hurlburt, 3; Jordan, 1;
Roth, 2; Storey, 2, and Durand
and Lathrop each with 2, one of
which is overassigned.
Cancellation of requests to
change residence must be made
before 4:30 p.m. tomorrow at the
Housing Office, Room 101 A, In
ner Quad.
Forty vacancies in women's
residences will be available for
house drawing today. Women
who desire to change campus res
idences may draw from 9 a.m. to
1 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
Any women students except
freshmen may draw to change
residence.
Distribution of the vacancies
has not been completely estab
lished yet. Florence Moore IJall
will have seven: Cardinal, 1; Fai
san, 1; Loro, 1, and Mirlo, 2.
Row houses with vacancies in
clude Hurlburt, 3; Jordan, 1;
Roth, 2; Storey, 2, and Durand
and Lathrop each with 2, one of
which is overassigned.
Cancellation of requests to
change residence must be made
before 4:30 p.m. tomorrow at the
Housing Office, Room 101 A, In
ner Quad.
Forty vacancies in women's
residences will be available for
house drawing today. Women
who desire to change campus res
idences may draw from 9 a.m. to
1 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
Any women students except
freshmen may draw to change
residence.
Distribution of the vacancies
has not been completely estab
lished yet. Florence Moore IJall
will have seven: Cardinal, 1; Fai
san, 1; Loro, 1, and Mirlo, 2.
Row houses with vacancies in
clude Hurlburt, 3; Jordan, 1;
Roth, 2; Storey, 2, and Durand
and Lathrop each with 2, one of
which is overassigned.
Cancellation of requests to
change residence must be made
before 4:30 p.m. tomorrow at the
Housing Office, Room 101 A, In
ner Quad.
Forty vacancies in women's
residences will be available for
house drawing today. Women
who desire to change campus res
idences may draw from 9 a.m. to
1 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
Any women students except
freshmen may draw to change
residence.
Distribution of the vacancies
has not been completely estab
lished yet. Florence Moore IJall
will have seven: Cardinal, 1; Fai
san, 1; Loro, 1, and Mirlo, 2.
Row houses with vacancies in
clude Hurlburt, 3; Jordan, 1;
Roth, 2; Storey, 2, and Durand
and Lathrop each with 2, one of
which is overassigned.
Cancellation of requests to
change residence must be made
before 4:30 p.m. tomorrow at the
Housing Office, Room 101 A, In
ner Quad.
Forty vacancies in women's
residences will be available for
house drawing today. Women
who desire to change campus res
idences may draw from 9 a.m. to
1 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
Any women students except
freshmen may draw to change
residence.
Distribution of the vacancies
has not been completely estab
lished yet. Florence Moore IJall
will have seven: Cardinal, 1; Fai
san, 1; Loro, 1, and Mirlo, 2.
Row houses with vacancies in
clude Hurlburt, 3; Jordan, 1;
Roth, 2; Storey, 2, and Durand
and Lathrop each with 2, one of
which is overassigned.
Cancellation of requests to
change residence must be made
before 4:30 p.m. tomorrow at the
Housing Office, Room 101 A, In
ner Quad.
Forty vacancies in women's
residences will be available for
house drawing today. Women
who desire to change campus res
idences may draw from 9 a.m. to
1 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
Any women students except
freshmen may draw to change
residence.
Distribution of the vacancies
has not been completely estab
lished yet. Florence Moore IJall
will have seven: Cardinal, 1; Fai
san, 1; Loro, 1, and Mirlo, 2.
Row houses with vacancies in
clude Hurlburt, 3; Jordan, 1;
Roth, 2; Storey, 2, and Durand
and Lathrop each with 2, one of
which is overassigned.
Cancellation of requests to
change residence must be made
before 4:30 p.m. tomorrow at the
Housing Office, Room 101 A, In
ner Quad.
Forty vacancies in women's
residences will be available for
house drawing today. Women
who desire to change campus res
idences may draw from 9 a.m. to
1 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
Any women students except
freshmen may draw to change
residence.
Distribution of the vacancies
has not been completely estab
lished yet. Florence Moore IJall
will have seven: Cardinal, 1; Fai
san, 1; Loro, 1, and Mirlo, 2.
Row houses with vacancies in
clude Hurlburt, 3; Jordan, 1;
Roth, 2; Storey, 2, and Durand
and Lathrop each with 2, one of
which is overassigned.
Cancellation of requests to
change residence must be made
before 4:30 p.m. tomorrow at the
Housing Office, Room 101 A, In
ner Quad.
Forty vacancies in women's
residences will be available for
house drawing today. Women
who desire to change campus res
idences may draw from 9 a.m. to
1 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
Any women students except
freshmen may draw to change
residence.
Distribution of the vacancies
has not been completely estab
lished yet. Florence Moore IJall
will have seven: Cardinal, 1; Fai
san, 1; Loro, 1, and Mirlo, 2.
Row houses with vacancies in
clude Hurlburt, 3; Jordan, 1;
Roth, 2; Storey, 2, and Durand
and Lathrop each with 2, one of
which is overassigned.
Cancellation of requests to
change residence must be made
before 4:30 p.m. tomorrow at the
Housing Office, Room 101 A, In
ner Quad.
Forty vacancies in women's
residences will be available for
house drawing today. Women
who desire to change campus res
idences may draw from 9 a.m. to
1 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
Any women students except
freshmen may draw to change
residence.
Distribution of the vacancies
has not been completely estab
lished yet. Florence Moore IJall
will have seven: Cardinal, 1; Fai
san, 1; Loro, 1, and Mirlo, 2.
Row houses with vacancies in
clude Hurlburt, 3; Jordan, 1;
Roth, 2; Storey, 2, and Durand
and Lathrop each with 2, one of
which is overassigned.
Cancellation of requests to
change residence must be made
before 4:30 p.m. tomorrow at the
Housing Office, Room 101 A, In
ner Quad.
Forty vacancies in women's
residences will be available for
house drawing today. Women
who desire to change campus res
idences may draw from 9 a.m. to
1 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
Any women students except
freshmen may draw to change
residence.
Distribution of the vacancies
has not been completely estab
lished yet. Florence Moore IJall
will have seven: Cardinal, 1; Fai
san, 1; Loro, 1, and Mirlo, 2.
Row houses with vacancies in
clude Hurlburt, 3; Jordan, 1;
Roth, 2; Storey, 2, and Durand
and Lathrop each with 2, one of
which is overassigned.
Cancellation of requests to
change residence must be made
before 4:30 p.m. tomorrow at the
Housing Office, Room 101 A, In
ner Quad.
Forty vacancies in women's
residences will be available for
house drawing today. Women
who desire to change campus res
idences may draw from 9 a.m. to
1 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
Any women students except
freshmen may draw to change
residence.
Distribution of the vacancies
has not been completely estab
lished yet. Florence Moore IJall
will have seven: Cardinal, 1; Fai
san, 1; Loro, 1, and Mirlo, 2.
Row houses with vacancies in
clude Hurlburt, 3; Jordan, 1;
Roth, 2; Storey, 2, and Durand
and Lathrop each with 2, one of
which is overassigned.
Cancellation of requests to
change residence must be made
before 4:30 p.m. tomorrow at the
Housing Office, Room 101 A, In
ner Quad.
Forty vacancies in women's
residences will be available for
house drawing today. Women
who desire to change campus res
idences may draw from 9 a.m. to
1 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
Any women students except
freshmen may draw to change
residence.
Distribution of the vacancies
has not been completely estab
lished yet. Florence Moore IJall
will have seven: Cardinal, 1; Fai
san, 1; Loro, 1, and Mirlo, 2.
Row houses with vacancies in
clude Hurlburt, 3; Jordan, 1;
Roth, 2; Storey, 2, and Durand
and Lathrop each with 2, one of
which is overassigned.
Cancellation of requests to
change residence must be made
before 4:30 p.m. tomorrow at the
Housing Office, Room 101 A, In
ner Quad.
Forty vacancies in women's
residences will be available for
house drawing today. Women
who desire to change campus res
idences may draw from 9 a.m. to
1 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
Any women students except
freshmen may draw to change
residence.
Distribution of the vacancies
has not been completely estab
lished yet. Florence Moore IJall
will have seven: Cardinal, 1; Fai
san, 1; Loro, 1, and Mirlo, 2.
Row houses with vacancies in
clude Hurlburt, 3; Jordan, 1;
Roth, 2; Storey, 2, and Durand
and Lathrop each with 2, one of
which is overassigned.
Cancellation of requests to
change residence must be made
before 4:30 p.m. tomorrow at the
Housing Office, Room 101 A, In
ner Quad.
