# Stu-Fae Com Continues Freshman Interviews
## 
### 
Student • Faculty Commission
members will continue interviews
for interested freshmen today at
Bowman Alumni House. The only
requirement for being on ihe
Commission is an interest in pro
moting student • faculty relation
ships. Interview times are 3:15
through 5 p.m.
Student • Faculty Commission
members will continue interviews
for interested freshmen today at
Bowman Alumni House. The only
requirement for being on ihe
Commission is an interest in pro
moting student • faculty relation
ships. Interview times are 3:15
through 5 p.m.
Student • Faculty Commission
members will continue interviews
for interested freshmen today at
Bowman Alumni House. The only
requirement for being on ihe
Commission is an interest in pro
moting student • faculty relation
ships. Interview times are 3:15
through 5 p.m.
Student • Faculty Commission
members will continue interviews
for interested freshmen today at
Bowman Alumni House. The only
requirement for being on ihe
Commission is an interest in pro
moting student • faculty relation
ships. Interview times are 3:15
through 5 p.m.
Student • Faculty Commission
members will continue interviews
for interested freshmen today at
Bowman Alumni House. The only
requirement for being on ihe
Commission is an interest in pro
moting student • faculty relation
ships. Interview times are 3:15
through 5 p.m.
Student • Faculty Commission
members will continue interviews
for interested freshmen today at
Bowman Alumni House. The only
requirement for being on ihe
Commission is an interest in pro
moting student • faculty relation
ships. Interview times are 3:15
through 5 p.m.
Student • Faculty Commission
members will continue interviews
for interested freshmen today at
Bowman Alumni House. The only
requirement for being on ihe
Commission is an interest in pro
moting student • faculty relation
ships. Interview times are 3:15
through 5 p.m.
Student • Faculty Commission
members will continue interviews
for interested freshmen today at
Bowman Alumni House. The only
requirement for being on ihe
Commission is an interest in pro
moting student • faculty relation
ships. Interview times are 3:15
through 5 p.m.
Student • Faculty Commission
members will continue interviews
for interested freshmen today at
Bowman Alumni House. The only
requirement for being on ihe
Commission is an interest in pro
moting student • faculty relation
ships. Interview times are 3:15
through 5 p.m.
Student • Faculty Commission
members will continue interviews
for interested freshmen today at
Bowman Alumni House. The only
requirement for being on ihe
Commission is an interest in pro
moting student • faculty relation
ships. Interview times are 3:15
through 5 p.m.
Student • Faculty Commission
members will continue interviews
for interested freshmen today at
Bowman Alumni House. The only
requirement for being on ihe
Commission is an interest in pro
moting student • faculty relation
ships. Interview times are 3:15
through 5 p.m.
Student • Faculty Commission
members will continue interviews
for interested freshmen today at
Bowman Alumni House. The only
requirement for being on ihe
Commission is an interest in pro
moting student • faculty relation
ships. Interview times are 3:15
through 5 p.m.
Student • Faculty Commission
members will continue interviews
for interested freshmen today at
Bowman Alumni House. The only
requirement for being on ihe
Commission is an interest in pro
moting student • faculty relation
ships. Interview times are 3:15
through 5 p.m.
Student • Faculty Commission
members will continue interviews
for interested freshmen today at
Bowman Alumni House. The only
requirement for being on ihe
Commission is an interest in pro
moting student • faculty relation
ships. Interview times are 3:15
through 5 p.m.
Student • Faculty Commission
members will continue interviews
for interested freshmen today at
Bowman Alumni House. The only
requirement for being on ihe
Commission is an interest in pro
moting student • faculty relation
ships. Interview times are 3:15
through 5 p.m.
