# Players' Tryouts Deadline Today
## 
### 
Today is the final day of try
outs for "Twelfth Night," Stan
ford Players' next production.
The tryouts, open to all Stan
ford students, faculty and staff
members, will be held at 4 p.m.
and 7:30 p.m'. in the Little Thea
tre.
"Twelfth Night" will be direct
ed by F. Cowles Strickland. The
play, one of Shakespeare's most
famous comedies, will open Jan.
31 in Memorial Auditorium for a
three-night run.
Rehearsals are to begin this
quarter, but will be held mostly
during the first few weeks of
next quarter.
Today is the final day of try
outs for "Twelfth Night," Stan
ford Players' next production.
The tryouts, open to all Stan
ford students, faculty and staff
members, will be held at 4 p.m.
and 7:30 p.m'. in the Little Thea
tre.
"Twelfth Night" will be direct
ed by F. Cowles Strickland. The
play, one of Shakespeare's most
famous comedies, will open Jan.
31 in Memorial Auditorium for a
three-night run.
Rehearsals are to begin this
quarter, but will be held mostly
during the first few weeks of
next quarter.
Today is the final day of try
outs for "Twelfth Night," Stan
ford Players' next production.
The tryouts, open to all Stan
ford students, faculty and staff
members, will be held at 4 p.m.
and 7:30 p.m'. in the Little Thea
tre.
"Twelfth Night" will be direct
ed by F. Cowles Strickland. The
play, one of Shakespeare's most
famous comedies, will open Jan.
31 in Memorial Auditorium for a
three-night run.
Rehearsals are to begin this
quarter, but will be held mostly
during the first few weeks of
next quarter.
Today is the final day of try
outs for "Twelfth Night," Stan
ford Players' next production.
The tryouts, open to all Stan
ford students, faculty and staff
members, will be held at 4 p.m.
and 7:30 p.m'. in the Little Thea
tre.
"Twelfth Night" will be direct
ed by F. Cowles Strickland. The
play, one of Shakespeare's most
famous comedies, will open Jan.
31 in Memorial Auditorium for a
three-night run.
Rehearsals are to begin this
quarter, but will be held mostly
during the first few weeks of
next quarter.
Today is the final day of try
outs for "Twelfth Night," Stan
ford Players' next production.
The tryouts, open to all Stan
ford students, faculty and staff
members, will be held at 4 p.m.
and 7:30 p.m'. in the Little Thea
tre.
"Twelfth Night" will be direct
ed by F. Cowles Strickland. The
play, one of Shakespeare's most
famous comedies, will open Jan.
31 in Memorial Auditorium for a
three-night run.
Rehearsals are to begin this
quarter, but will be held mostly
during the first few weeks of
next quarter.
Today is the final day of try
outs for "Twelfth Night," Stan
ford Players' next production.
The tryouts, open to all Stan
ford students, faculty and staff
members, will be held at 4 p.m.
and 7:30 p.m'. in the Little Thea
tre.
"Twelfth Night" will be direct
ed by F. Cowles Strickland. The
play, one of Shakespeare's most
famous comedies, will open Jan.
31 in Memorial Auditorium for a
three-night run.
Rehearsals are to begin this
quarter, but will be held mostly
during the first few weeks of
next quarter.
Today is the final day of try
outs for "Twelfth Night," Stan
ford Players' next production.
The tryouts, open to all Stan
ford students, faculty and staff
members, will be held at 4 p.m.
and 7:30 p.m'. in the Little Thea
tre.
"Twelfth Night" will be direct
ed by F. Cowles Strickland. The
play, one of Shakespeare's most
famous comedies, will open Jan.
31 in Memorial Auditorium for a
three-night run.
Rehearsals are to begin this
quarter, but will be held mostly
during the first few weeks of
next quarter.
Today is the final day of try
outs for "Twelfth Night," Stan
ford Players' next production.
The tryouts, open to all Stan
ford students, faculty and staff
members, will be held at 4 p.m.
and 7:30 p.m'. in the Little Thea
tre.
"Twelfth Night" will be direct
ed by F. Cowles Strickland. The
play, one of Shakespeare's most
famous comedies, will open Jan.
31 in Memorial Auditorium for a
three-night run.
Rehearsals are to begin this
quarter, but will be held mostly
during the first few weeks of
next quarter.
Today is the final day of try
outs for "Twelfth Night," Stan
ford Players' next production.
The tryouts, open to all Stan
ford students, faculty and staff
members, will be held at 4 p.m.
and 7:30 p.m'. in the Little Thea
tre.
"Twelfth Night" will be direct
ed by F. Cowles Strickland. The
play, one of Shakespeare's most
famous comedies, will open Jan.
31 in Memorial Auditorium for a
three-night run.
Rehearsals are to begin this
quarter, but will be held mostly
during the first few weeks of
next quarter.
Today is the final day of try
outs for "Twelfth Night," Stan
ford Players' next production.
The tryouts, open to all Stan
ford students, faculty and staff
members, will be held at 4 p.m.
and 7:30 p.m'. in the Little Thea
tre.
"Twelfth Night" will be direct
ed by F. Cowles Strickland. The
play, one of Shakespeare's most
famous comedies, will open Jan.
31 in Memorial Auditorium for a
three-night run.
Rehearsals are to begin this
quarter, but will be held mostly
during the first few weeks of
next quarter.
Today is the final day of try
outs for "Twelfth Night," Stan
ford Players' next production.
The tryouts, open to all Stan
ford students, faculty and staff
members, will be held at 4 p.m.
and 7:30 p.m'. in the Little Thea
tre.
"Twelfth Night" will be direct
ed by F. Cowles Strickland. The
play, one of Shakespeare's most
famous comedies, will open Jan.
31 in Memorial Auditorium for a
three-night run.
Rehearsals are to begin this
quarter, but will be held mostly
during the first few weeks of
next quarter.
Today is the final day of try
outs for "Twelfth Night," Stan
ford Players' next production.
The tryouts, open to all Stan
ford students, faculty and staff
members, will be held at 4 p.m.
and 7:30 p.m'. in the Little Thea
tre.
"Twelfth Night" will be direct
ed by F. Cowles Strickland. The
play, one of Shakespeare's most
famous comedies, will open Jan.
31 in Memorial Auditorium for a
three-night run.
Rehearsals are to begin this
quarter, but will be held mostly
during the first few weeks of
next quarter.
Today is the final day of try
outs for "Twelfth Night," Stan
ford Players' next production.
The tryouts, open to all Stan
ford students, faculty and staff
members, will be held at 4 p.m.
and 7:30 p.m'. in the Little Thea
tre.
"Twelfth Night" will be direct
ed by F. Cowles Strickland. The
play, one of Shakespeare's most
famous comedies, will open Jan.
31 in Memorial Auditorium for a
three-night run.
Rehearsals are to begin this
quarter, but will be held mostly
during the first few weeks of
next quarter.
Today is the final day of try
outs for "Twelfth Night," Stan
ford Players' next production.
The tryouts, open to all Stan
ford students, faculty and staff
members, will be held at 4 p.m.
and 7:30 p.m'. in the Little Thea
tre.
"Twelfth Night" will be direct
ed by F. Cowles Strickland. The
play, one of Shakespeare's most
famous comedies, will open Jan.
31 in Memorial Auditorium for a
three-night run.
Rehearsals are to begin this
quarter, but will be held mostly
during the first few weeks of
next quarter.
Today is the final day of try
outs for "Twelfth Night," Stan
ford Players' next production.
The tryouts, open to all Stan
ford students, faculty and staff
members, will be held at 4 p.m.
and 7:30 p.m'. in the Little Thea
tre.
"Twelfth Night" will be direct
ed by F. Cowles Strickland. The
play, one of Shakespeare's most
famous comedies, will open Jan.
31 in Memorial Auditorium for a
three-night run.
Rehearsals are to begin this
quarter, but will be held mostly
during the first few weeks of
next quarter.
