# Untitled Article
## 
### 
At last the training-table is es
tablished for our football players.
This will aid in putting the men
rapidly into lirst-class condition.
At last the training-table is es
tablished for our football players.
This will aid in putting the men
rapidly into lirst-class condition.
At last the training-table is es
tablished for our football players.
This will aid in putting the men
rapidly into lirst-class condition.
At last the training-table is es
tablished for our football players.
This will aid in putting the men
rapidly into lirst-class condition.
At last the training-table is es
tablished for our football players.
This will aid in putting the men
rapidly into lirst-class condition.
At last the training-table is es
tablished for our football players.
This will aid in putting the men
rapidly into lirst-class condition.
At last the training-table is es
tablished for our football players.
This will aid in putting the men
rapidly into lirst-class condition.
At last the training-table is es
tablished for our football players.
This will aid in putting the men
rapidly into lirst-class condition.
