# Plug Ugly.
## 
### 
This afternoon the Junior I'lng
Ugly Committee met unci read two
of the four farces submitted. The
remaining two will be read tomor
row afternoon.
This afternoon the Junior I'lng
Ugly Committee met unci read two
of the four farces submitted. The
remaining two will be read tomor
row afternoon.
This afternoon the Junior I'lng
Ugly Committee met unci read two
of the four farces submitted. The
remaining two will be read tomor
row afternoon.
This afternoon the Junior I'lng
Ugly Committee met unci read two
of the four farces submitted. The
remaining two will be read tomor
row afternoon.
This afternoon the Junior I'lng
Ugly Committee met unci read two
of the four farces submitted. The
remaining two will be read tomor
row afternoon.
This afternoon the Junior I'lng
Ugly Committee met unci read two
of the four farces submitted. The
remaining two will be read tomor
row afternoon.
This afternoon the Junior I'lng
Ugly Committee met unci read two
of the four farces submitted. The
remaining two will be read tomor
row afternoon.
This afternoon the Junior I'lng
Ugly Committee met unci read two
of the four farces submitted. The
remaining two will be read tomor
row afternoon.
