# Untitled Article
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Feb. 5.
ports of grain from the United
States during the week ended Feb
ruary 1, totaled 1,949,000 bushels
as compared with in the
corresponding week of 1929 and
1,308,000 in the preceding week.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 5.
ports of grain from the United
States during the week ended Feb
ruary 1, totaled 1,949,000 bushels
as compared with in the
corresponding week of 1929 and
1,308,000 in the preceding week.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 5.
ports of grain from the United
States during the week ended Feb
ruary 1, totaled 1,949,000 bushels
as compared with in the
corresponding week of 1929 and
1,308,000 in the preceding week.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 5.
ports of grain from the United
States during the week ended Feb
ruary 1, totaled 1,949,000 bushels
as compared with in the
corresponding week of 1929 and
1,308,000 in the preceding week.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 5.
ports of grain from the United
States during the week ended Feb
ruary 1, totaled 1,949,000 bushels
as compared with in the
corresponding week of 1929 and
1,308,000 in the preceding week.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 5.
ports of grain from the United
States during the week ended Feb
ruary 1, totaled 1,949,000 bushels
as compared with in the
corresponding week of 1929 and
1,308,000 in the preceding week.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 5.
ports of grain from the United
States during the week ended Feb
ruary 1, totaled 1,949,000 bushels
as compared with in the
corresponding week of 1929 and
1,308,000 in the preceding week.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 5.
ports of grain from the United
States during the week ended Feb
ruary 1, totaled 1,949,000 bushels
as compared with in the
corresponding week of 1929 and
1,308,000 in the preceding week.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 5.
ports of grain from the United
States during the week ended Feb
ruary 1, totaled 1,949,000 bushels
as compared with in the
corresponding week of 1929 and
1,308,000 in the preceding week.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 5.
ports of grain from the United
States during the week ended Feb
ruary 1, totaled 1,949,000 bushels
as compared with in the
corresponding week of 1929 and
1,308,000 in the preceding week.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 5.
ports of grain from the United
States during the week ended Feb
ruary 1, totaled 1,949,000 bushels
as compared with in the
corresponding week of 1929 and
1,308,000 in the preceding week.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 5.
ports of grain from the United
States during the week ended Feb
ruary 1, totaled 1,949,000 bushels
as compared with in the
corresponding week of 1929 and
1,308,000 in the preceding week.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 5.
ports of grain from the United
States during the week ended Feb
ruary 1, totaled 1,949,000 bushels
as compared with in the
corresponding week of 1929 and
1,308,000 in the preceding week.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 5.
ports of grain from the United
States during the week ended Feb
ruary 1, totaled 1,949,000 bushels
as compared with in the
corresponding week of 1929 and
1,308,000 in the preceding week.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 5.
ports of grain from the United
States during the week ended Feb
ruary 1, totaled 1,949,000 bushels
as compared with in the
corresponding week of 1929 and
1,308,000 in the preceding week.
