# SKATERS INVITED TO YOSEMITE FOR ICE'RACING MEET
## 
### 
Stanford has been invited
to enter a team in the 440-
yard and two-mile speed ice
skating races, to be held in
Yosemite Valley February 15.
The invitation came yesterday
from E. Des Baillette, Direc
tor of the Yosemite Winter
Club. Teams in the intercolle
giate events will be entered
from the University of Cali
fornia, University of Southern
California, St. Mary's, and Oc
cidental College.
Any students who are inter
ested in participating in these
races will enroll with Howard
Avery, Room 105 Sequoia Hall.
All expenses will be paid from
Merced to the Valley and back
to Merced.
Stanford has been invited
to enter a team in the 440-
yard and two-mile speed ice
skating races, to be held in
Yosemite Valley February 15.
The invitation came yesterday
from E. Des Baillette, Direc
tor of the Yosemite Winter
Club. Teams in the intercolle
giate events will be entered
from the University of Cali
fornia, University of Southern
California, St. Mary's, and Oc
cidental College.
Any students who are inter
ested in participating in these
races will enroll with Howard
Avery, Room 105 Sequoia Hall.
All expenses will be paid from
Merced to the Valley and back
to Merced.
Stanford has been invited
to enter a team in the 440-
yard and two-mile speed ice
skating races, to be held in
Yosemite Valley February 15.
The invitation came yesterday
from E. Des Baillette, Direc
tor of the Yosemite Winter
Club. Teams in the intercolle
giate events will be entered
from the University of Cali
fornia, University of Southern
California, St. Mary's, and Oc
cidental College.
Any students who are inter
ested in participating in these
races will enroll with Howard
Avery, Room 105 Sequoia Hall.
All expenses will be paid from
Merced to the Valley and back
to Merced.
Stanford has been invited
to enter a team in the 440-
yard and two-mile speed ice
skating races, to be held in
Yosemite Valley February 15.
The invitation came yesterday
from E. Des Baillette, Direc
tor of the Yosemite Winter
Club. Teams in the intercolle
giate events will be entered
from the University of Cali
fornia, University of Southern
California, St. Mary's, and Oc
cidental College.
Any students who are inter
ested in participating in these
races will enroll with Howard
Avery, Room 105 Sequoia Hall.
All expenses will be paid from
Merced to the Valley and back
to Merced.
Stanford has been invited
to enter a team in the 440-
yard and two-mile speed ice
skating races, to be held in
Yosemite Valley February 15.
The invitation came yesterday
from E. Des Baillette, Direc
tor of the Yosemite Winter
Club. Teams in the intercolle
giate events will be entered
from the University of Cali
fornia, University of Southern
California, St. Mary's, and Oc
cidental College.
Any students who are inter
ested in participating in these
races will enroll with Howard
Avery, Room 105 Sequoia Hall.
All expenses will be paid from
Merced to the Valley and back
to Merced.
Stanford has been invited
to enter a team in the 440-
yard and two-mile speed ice
skating races, to be held in
Yosemite Valley February 15.
The invitation came yesterday
from E. Des Baillette, Direc
tor of the Yosemite Winter
Club. Teams in the intercolle
giate events will be entered
from the University of Cali
fornia, University of Southern
California, St. Mary's, and Oc
cidental College.
Any students who are inter
ested in participating in these
races will enroll with Howard
Avery, Room 105 Sequoia Hall.
All expenses will be paid from
Merced to the Valley and back
to Merced.
Stanford has been invited
to enter a team in the 440-
yard and two-mile speed ice
skating races, to be held in
Yosemite Valley February 15.
The invitation came yesterday
from E. Des Baillette, Direc
tor of the Yosemite Winter
Club. Teams in the intercolle
giate events will be entered
from the University of Cali
fornia, University of Southern
California, St. Mary's, and Oc
cidental College.
Any students who are inter
ested in participating in these
races will enroll with Howard
Avery, Room 105 Sequoia Hall.
All expenses will be paid from
Merced to the Valley and back
to Merced.
Stanford has been invited
to enter a team in the 440-
yard and two-mile speed ice
skating races, to be held in
Yosemite Valley February 15.
The invitation came yesterday
from E. Des Baillette, Direc
tor of the Yosemite Winter
Club. Teams in the intercolle
giate events will be entered
from the University of Cali
fornia, University of Southern
California, St. Mary's, and Oc
cidental College.
Any students who are inter
ested in participating in these
races will enroll with Howard
Avery, Room 105 Sequoia Hall.
All expenses will be paid from
Merced to the Valley and back
to Merced.
Stanford has been invited
to enter a team in the 440-
yard and two-mile speed ice
skating races, to be held in
Yosemite Valley February 15.
The invitation came yesterday
from E. Des Baillette, Direc
tor of the Yosemite Winter
Club. Teams in the intercolle
giate events will be entered
from the University of Cali
fornia, University of Southern
California, St. Mary's, and Oc
cidental College.
Any students who are inter
ested in participating in these
races will enroll with Howard
Avery, Room 105 Sequoia Hall.
All expenses will be paid from
Merced to the Valley and back
to Merced.
Stanford has been invited
to enter a team in the 440-
yard and two-mile speed ice
skating races, to be held in
Yosemite Valley February 15.
The invitation came yesterday
from E. Des Baillette, Direc
tor of the Yosemite Winter
Club. Teams in the intercolle
giate events will be entered
from the University of Cali
fornia, University of Southern
California, St. Mary's, and Oc
cidental College.
Any students who are inter
ested in participating in these
races will enroll with Howard
Avery, Room 105 Sequoia Hall.
All expenses will be paid from
Merced to the Valley and back
to Merced.
Stanford has been invited
to enter a team in the 440-
yard and two-mile speed ice
skating races, to be held in
Yosemite Valley February 15.
The invitation came yesterday
from E. Des Baillette, Direc
tor of the Yosemite Winter
Club. Teams in the intercolle
giate events will be entered
from the University of Cali
fornia, University of Southern
California, St. Mary's, and Oc
cidental College.
Any students who are inter
ested in participating in these
races will enroll with Howard
Avery, Room 105 Sequoia Hall.
All expenses will be paid from
Merced to the Valley and back
to Merced.
Stanford has been invited
to enter a team in the 440-
yard and two-mile speed ice
skating races, to be held in
Yosemite Valley February 15.
The invitation came yesterday
from E. Des Baillette, Direc
tor of the Yosemite Winter
Club. Teams in the intercolle
giate events will be entered
from the University of Cali
fornia, University of Southern
California, St. Mary's, and Oc
cidental College.
Any students who are inter
ested in participating in these
races will enroll with Howard
Avery, Room 105 Sequoia Hall.
All expenses will be paid from
Merced to the Valley and back
to Merced.
Stanford has been invited
to enter a team in the 440-
yard and two-mile speed ice
skating races, to be held in
Yosemite Valley February 15.
The invitation came yesterday
from E. Des Baillette, Direc
tor of the Yosemite Winter
Club. Teams in the intercolle
giate events will be entered
from the University of Cali
fornia, University of Southern
California, St. Mary's, and Oc
cidental College.
Any students who are inter
ested in participating in these
races will enroll with Howard
Avery, Room 105 Sequoia Hall.
All expenses will be paid from
Merced to the Valley and back
to Merced.
Stanford has been invited
to enter a team in the 440-
yard and two-mile speed ice
skating races, to be held in
Yosemite Valley February 15.
The invitation came yesterday
from E. Des Baillette, Direc
tor of the Yosemite Winter
Club. Teams in the intercolle
giate events will be entered
from the University of Cali
fornia, University of Southern
California, St. Mary's, and Oc
cidental College.
Any students who are inter
ested in participating in these
races will enroll with Howard
Avery, Room 105 Sequoia Hall.
All expenses will be paid from
Merced to the Valley and back
to Merced.
Stanford has been invited
to enter a team in the 440-
yard and two-mile speed ice
skating races, to be held in
Yosemite Valley February 15.
The invitation came yesterday
from E. Des Baillette, Direc
tor of the Yosemite Winter
Club. Teams in the intercolle
giate events will be entered
from the University of Cali
fornia, University of Southern
California, St. Mary's, and Oc
cidental College.
Any students who are inter
ested in participating in these
races will enroll with Howard
Avery, Room 105 Sequoia Hall.
All expenses will be paid from
Merced to the Valley and back
to Merced.
