# Adv. 21 Page 5
## 
### 
GUESTS?
Have Them Slay A 1 The
beautiful...
MOTEL
HEATED POOL - PHONES
TV-AM and FM RADIOS
AIR CONDITIONED
For
CALL 323-9411
REASONABLE RATES
727 El Camino Real
Menlo Park
GUESTS?
Have Them Slay A 1 The
beautiful...
MOTEL
HEATED POOL - PHONES
TV-AM and FM RADIOS
AIR CONDITIONED
For
CALL 323-9411
REASONABLE RATES
727 El Camino Real
Menlo Park
GUESTS?
Have Them Slay A 1 The
beautiful...
MOTEL
HEATED POOL - PHONES
TV-AM and FM RADIOS
AIR CONDITIONED
For
CALL 323-9411
REASONABLE RATES
727 El Camino Real
Menlo Park
GUESTS?
Have Them Slay A 1 The
beautiful...
MOTEL
HEATED POOL - PHONES
TV-AM and FM RADIOS
AIR CONDITIONED
For
CALL 323-9411
REASONABLE RATES
727 El Camino Real
Menlo Park
GUESTS?
Have Them Slay A 1 The
beautiful...
MOTEL
HEATED POOL - PHONES
TV-AM and FM RADIOS
AIR CONDITIONED
For
CALL 323-9411
REASONABLE RATES
727 El Camino Real
Menlo Park
GUESTS?
Have Them Slay A 1 The
beautiful...
MOTEL
HEATED POOL - PHONES
TV-AM and FM RADIOS
AIR CONDITIONED
For
CALL 323-9411
REASONABLE RATES
727 El Camino Real
Menlo Park
GUESTS?
Have Them Slay A 1 The
beautiful...
MOTEL
HEATED POOL - PHONES
TV-AM and FM RADIOS
AIR CONDITIONED
For
CALL 323-9411
REASONABLE RATES
727 El Camino Real
Menlo Park
GUESTS?
Have Them Slay A 1 The
beautiful...
MOTEL
HEATED POOL - PHONES
TV-AM and FM RADIOS
AIR CONDITIONED
For
CALL 323-9411
REASONABLE RATES
727 El Camino Real
Menlo Park
GUESTS?
Have Them Slay A 1 The
beautiful...
MOTEL
HEATED POOL - PHONES
TV-AM and FM RADIOS
AIR CONDITIONED
For
CALL 323-9411
REASONABLE RATES
727 El Camino Real
Menlo Park
GUESTS?
Have Them Slay A 1 The
beautiful...
MOTEL
HEATED POOL - PHONES
TV-AM and FM RADIOS
AIR CONDITIONED
For
CALL 323-9411
REASONABLE RATES
727 El Camino Real
Menlo Park
GUESTS?
Have Them Slay A 1 The
beautiful...
MOTEL
HEATED POOL - PHONES
TV-AM and FM RADIOS
AIR CONDITIONED
For
CALL 323-9411
REASONABLE RATES
727 El Camino Real
Menlo Park
GUESTS?
Have Them Slay A 1 The
beautiful...
MOTEL
HEATED POOL - PHONES
TV-AM and FM RADIOS
AIR CONDITIONED
For
CALL 323-9411
REASONABLE RATES
727 El Camino Real
Menlo Park
GUESTS?
Have Them Slay A 1 The
beautiful...
MOTEL
HEATED POOL - PHONES
TV-AM and FM RADIOS
AIR CONDITIONED
For
CALL 323-9411
REASONABLE RATES
727 El Camino Real
Menlo Park
GUESTS?
Have Them Slay A 1 The
beautiful...
MOTEL
HEATED POOL - PHONES
TV-AM and FM RADIOS
AIR CONDITIONED
For
CALL 323-9411
REASONABLE RATES
727 El Camino Real
Menlo Park
GUESTS?
Have Them Slay A 1 The
beautiful...
MOTEL
HEATED POOL - PHONES
TV-AM and FM RADIOS
AIR CONDITIONED
For
CALL 323-9411
REASONABLE RATES
727 El Camino Real
Menlo Park
GUESTS?
Have Them Slay A 1 The
beautiful...
MOTEL
HEATED POOL - PHONES
TV-AM and FM RADIOS
AIR CONDITIONED
For
CALL 323-9411
REASONABLE RATES
727 El Camino Real
Menlo Park
