# HELD FOR $200,000
## 
### 

George Weyerhaeuser, 9-year-old son of Mr. and Mrs. John Philip
Weyerhaeuser, wealthy Tacoma, Wash., lumber family, is being held by
kidnapers who denrYnd $200,000 to be paid not later than Wednesday,
for his release. In the ransom note the kidnapers said they had made
plans for the extortion for three years. (Associated Press Photo, cour
tesy St. Paul Dispatch.)

George Weyerhaeuser, 9-year-old son of Mr. and Mrs. John Philip
Weyerhaeuser, wealthy Tacoma, Wash., lumber family, is being held by
kidnapers who denrYnd $200,000 to be paid not later than Wednesday,
for his release. In the ransom note the kidnapers said they had made
plans for the extortion for three years. (Associated Press Photo, cour
tesy St. Paul Dispatch.)

George Weyerhaeuser, 9-year-old son of Mr. and Mrs. John Philip
Weyerhaeuser, wealthy Tacoma, Wash., lumber family, is being held by
kidnapers who denrYnd $200,000 to be paid not later than Wednesday,
for his release. In the ransom note the kidnapers said they had made
plans for the extortion for three years. (Associated Press Photo, cour
tesy St. Paul Dispatch.)

George Weyerhaeuser, 9-year-old son of Mr. and Mrs. John Philip
Weyerhaeuser, wealthy Tacoma, Wash., lumber family, is being held by
kidnapers who denrYnd $200,000 to be paid not later than Wednesday,
for his release. In the ransom note the kidnapers said they had made
plans for the extortion for three years. (Associated Press Photo, cour
tesy St. Paul Dispatch.)

George Weyerhaeuser, 9-year-old son of Mr. and Mrs. John Philip
Weyerhaeuser, wealthy Tacoma, Wash., lumber family, is being held by
kidnapers who denrYnd $200,000 to be paid not later than Wednesday,
for his release. In the ransom note the kidnapers said they had made
plans for the extortion for three years. (Associated Press Photo, cour
tesy St. Paul Dispatch.)

George Weyerhaeuser, 9-year-old son of Mr. and Mrs. John Philip
Weyerhaeuser, wealthy Tacoma, Wash., lumber family, is being held by
kidnapers who denrYnd $200,000 to be paid not later than Wednesday,
for his release. In the ransom note the kidnapers said they had made
plans for the extortion for three years. (Associated Press Photo, cour
tesy St. Paul Dispatch.)

George Weyerhaeuser, 9-year-old son of Mr. and Mrs. John Philip
Weyerhaeuser, wealthy Tacoma, Wash., lumber family, is being held by
kidnapers who denrYnd $200,000 to be paid not later than Wednesday,
for his release. In the ransom note the kidnapers said they had made
plans for the extortion for three years. (Associated Press Photo, cour
tesy St. Paul Dispatch.)

George Weyerhaeuser, 9-year-old son of Mr. and Mrs. John Philip
Weyerhaeuser, wealthy Tacoma, Wash., lumber family, is being held by
kidnapers who denrYnd $200,000 to be paid not later than Wednesday,
for his release. In the ransom note the kidnapers said they had made
plans for the extortion for three years. (Associated Press Photo, cour
tesy St. Paul Dispatch.)

George Weyerhaeuser, 9-year-old son of Mr. and Mrs. John Philip
Weyerhaeuser, wealthy Tacoma, Wash., lumber family, is being held by
kidnapers who denrYnd $200,000 to be paid not later than Wednesday,
for his release. In the ransom note the kidnapers said they had made
plans for the extortion for three years. (Associated Press Photo, cour
tesy St. Paul Dispatch.)

George Weyerhaeuser, 9-year-old son of Mr. and Mrs. John Philip
Weyerhaeuser, wealthy Tacoma, Wash., lumber family, is being held by
kidnapers who denrYnd $200,000 to be paid not later than Wednesday,
for his release. In the ransom note the kidnapers said they had made
plans for the extortion for three years. (Associated Press Photo, cour
tesy St. Paul Dispatch.)

George Weyerhaeuser, 9-year-old son of Mr. and Mrs. John Philip
Weyerhaeuser, wealthy Tacoma, Wash., lumber family, is being held by
kidnapers who denrYnd $200,000 to be paid not later than Wednesday,
for his release. In the ransom note the kidnapers said they had made
plans for the extortion for three years. (Associated Press Photo, cour
tesy St. Paul Dispatch.)

George Weyerhaeuser, 9-year-old son of Mr. and Mrs. John Philip
Weyerhaeuser, wealthy Tacoma, Wash., lumber family, is being held by
kidnapers who denrYnd $200,000 to be paid not later than Wednesday,
for his release. In the ransom note the kidnapers said they had made
plans for the extortion for three years. (Associated Press Photo, cour
tesy St. Paul Dispatch.)

George Weyerhaeuser, 9-year-old son of Mr. and Mrs. John Philip
Weyerhaeuser, wealthy Tacoma, Wash., lumber family, is being held by
kidnapers who denrYnd $200,000 to be paid not later than Wednesday,
for his release. In the ransom note the kidnapers said they had made
plans for the extortion for three years. (Associated Press Photo, cour
tesy St. Paul Dispatch.)

George Weyerhaeuser, 9-year-old son of Mr. and Mrs. John Philip
Weyerhaeuser, wealthy Tacoma, Wash., lumber family, is being held by
kidnapers who denrYnd $200,000 to be paid not later than Wednesday,
for his release. In the ransom note the kidnapers said they had made
plans for the extortion for three years. (Associated Press Photo, cour
tesy St. Paul Dispatch.)

George Weyerhaeuser, 9-year-old son of Mr. and Mrs. John Philip
Weyerhaeuser, wealthy Tacoma, Wash., lumber family, is being held by
kidnapers who denrYnd $200,000 to be paid not later than Wednesday,
for his release. In the ransom note the kidnapers said they had made
plans for the extortion for three years. (Associated Press Photo, cour
tesy St. Paul Dispatch.)
