# Daily Staff â€” Last Meeting
## 
### 
There will he ;i short meeting of the entire
Daily stall' at 1:15 this afternoon. All mem
bers of the stall' are required to attend. Plans
for a picnic and the Daily Banquet will be
discussed.
There will he ;i short meeting of the entire
Daily stall' at 1:15 this afternoon. All mem
bers of the stall' are required to attend. Plans
for a picnic and the Daily Banquet will be
discussed.
There will he ;i short meeting of the entire
Daily stall' at 1:15 this afternoon. All mem
bers of the stall' are required to attend. Plans
for a picnic and the Daily Banquet will be
discussed.
There will he ;i short meeting of the entire
Daily stall' at 1:15 this afternoon. All mem
bers of the stall' are required to attend. Plans
for a picnic and the Daily Banquet will be
discussed.
There will he ;i short meeting of the entire
Daily stall' at 1:15 this afternoon. All mem
bers of the stall' are required to attend. Plans
for a picnic and the Daily Banquet will be
discussed.
There will he ;i short meeting of the entire
Daily stall' at 1:15 this afternoon. All mem
bers of the stall' are required to attend. Plans
for a picnic and the Daily Banquet will be
discussed.
There will he ;i short meeting of the entire
Daily stall' at 1:15 this afternoon. All mem
bers of the stall' are required to attend. Plans
for a picnic and the Daily Banquet will be
discussed.
There will he ;i short meeting of the entire
Daily stall' at 1:15 this afternoon. All mem
bers of the stall' are required to attend. Plans
for a picnic and the Daily Banquet will be
discussed.
There will he ;i short meeting of the entire
Daily stall' at 1:15 this afternoon. All mem
bers of the stall' are required to attend. Plans
for a picnic and the Daily Banquet will be
discussed.
There will he ;i short meeting of the entire
Daily stall' at 1:15 this afternoon. All mem
bers of the stall' are required to attend. Plans
for a picnic and the Daily Banquet will be
discussed.
There will he ;i short meeting of the entire
Daily stall' at 1:15 this afternoon. All mem
bers of the stall' are required to attend. Plans
for a picnic and the Daily Banquet will be
discussed.
There will he ;i short meeting of the entire
Daily stall' at 1:15 this afternoon. All mem
bers of the stall' are required to attend. Plans
for a picnic and the Daily Banquet will be
discussed.
There will he ;i short meeting of the entire
Daily stall' at 1:15 this afternoon. All mem
bers of the stall' are required to attend. Plans
for a picnic and the Daily Banquet will be
discussed.
There will he ;i short meeting of the entire
Daily stall' at 1:15 this afternoon. All mem
bers of the stall' are required to attend. Plans
for a picnic and the Daily Banquet will be
discussed.
There will he ;i short meeting of the entire
Daily stall' at 1:15 this afternoon. All mem
bers of the stall' are required to attend. Plans
for a picnic and the Daily Banquet will be
discussed.
