# WILL DEBATE WITH NEVADA.
## Intercollegiate Committee Sends Favorable Answer on Proposed Second Team Contest. 
### 
The Intercollegiate Debating
Committee has officially notified
the University of Nevada of Stan
ford's willingness to arrange a de
bate for the second team with that
institution. Upon receipt of an
answer, final steps will be taken
and the date set. The debate will
probably come off at Reno early
next semester.
The contest is now assured. Ne
vada has already been heard from
unofficially, and the Intersociety
Debating League, the University
Debating Club, and the Executive
Committee of the Associated Stu
dents have taken favorable action.
The Intercollegiate Debating
Committee has officially notified
the University of Nevada of Stan
ford's willingness to arrange a de
bate for the second team with that
institution. Upon receipt of an
answer, final steps will be taken
and the date set. The debate will
probably come off at Reno early
next semester.
The contest is now assured. Ne
vada has already been heard from
unofficially, and the Intersociety
Debating League, the University
Debating Club, and the Executive
Committee of the Associated Stu
dents have taken favorable action.
The Intercollegiate Debating
Committee has officially notified
the University of Nevada of Stan
ford's willingness to arrange a de
bate for the second team with that
institution. Upon receipt of an
answer, final steps will be taken
and the date set. The debate will
probably come off at Reno early
next semester.
The contest is now assured. Ne
vada has already been heard from
unofficially, and the Intersociety
Debating League, the University
Debating Club, and the Executive
Committee of the Associated Stu
dents have taken favorable action.
The Intercollegiate Debating
Committee has officially notified
the University of Nevada of Stan
ford's willingness to arrange a de
bate for the second team with that
institution. Upon receipt of an
answer, final steps will be taken
and the date set. The debate will
probably come off at Reno early
next semester.
The contest is now assured. Ne
vada has already been heard from
unofficially, and the Intersociety
Debating League, the University
Debating Club, and the Executive
Committee of the Associated Stu
dents have taken favorable action.
The Intercollegiate Debating
Committee has officially notified
the University of Nevada of Stan
ford's willingness to arrange a de
bate for the second team with that
institution. Upon receipt of an
answer, final steps will be taken
and the date set. The debate will
probably come off at Reno early
next semester.
The contest is now assured. Ne
vada has already been heard from
unofficially, and the Intersociety
Debating League, the University
Debating Club, and the Executive
Committee of the Associated Stu
dents have taken favorable action.
The Intercollegiate Debating
Committee has officially notified
the University of Nevada of Stan
ford's willingness to arrange a de
bate for the second team with that
institution. Upon receipt of an
answer, final steps will be taken
and the date set. The debate will
probably come off at Reno early
next semester.
The contest is now assured. Ne
vada has already been heard from
unofficially, and the Intersociety
Debating League, the University
Debating Club, and the Executive
Committee of the Associated Stu
dents have taken favorable action.
The Intercollegiate Debating
Committee has officially notified
the University of Nevada of Stan
ford's willingness to arrange a de
bate for the second team with that
institution. Upon receipt of an
answer, final steps will be taken
and the date set. The debate will
probably come off at Reno early
next semester.
The contest is now assured. Ne
vada has already been heard from
unofficially, and the Intersociety
Debating League, the University
Debating Club, and the Executive
Committee of the Associated Stu
dents have taken favorable action.
The Intercollegiate Debating
Committee has officially notified
the University of Nevada of Stan
ford's willingness to arrange a de
bate for the second team with that
institution. Upon receipt of an
answer, final steps will be taken
and the date set. The debate will
probably come off at Reno early
next semester.
The contest is now assured. Ne
vada has already been heard from
unofficially, and the Intersociety
Debating League, the University
Debating Club, and the Executive
Committee of the Associated Stu
dents have taken favorable action.
