# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The freshman iootball team i> not
showing that interest which should
characterize it. The tame with
Berkeley comes off shortly after our
Thanksgiving game, and lack of prac
tice is very reprehensible at this
Mine The team should Ik» out prac
ticing as a team every day.
The freshman iootball team i> not
showing that interest which should
characterize it. The tame with
Berkeley comes off shortly after our
Thanksgiving game, and lack of prac
tice is very reprehensible at this
Mine The team should Ik» out prac
ticing as a team every day.
The freshman iootball team i> not
showing that interest which should
characterize it. The tame with
Berkeley comes off shortly after our
Thanksgiving game, and lack of prac
tice is very reprehensible at this
Mine The team should Ik» out prac
ticing as a team every day.
