# Debate Completes Winning Season
## 
### 
Stanford’s debaters closed their
year on a winning note last week
end, winning first place in the
Nevada Great Western Champion
ship Tournament at Reno in com
petition with 32 select teams from
California. Oregon, Washington,
Utah, Nevada, Arizona, and Colo
rado.

The lop Stanford team of Mike
Hall and Chuck Bischoff won all
six of their debates, and was
rated superior by the judges in
five of them. The leading gixis
team from the Farm, Barrio
Thorne and Edith Brown, won
four out of six and was also
rated superior.
Earlier in the week, Jim Wool
sey and Bob Mackey completed
their spring debate tour of the
Northwest, in which they debated
against a number of schools in
Oregon, Washington, and British
Columbia, by competing in the
Pacific Forensic League cham
pionships, also held in Reno.
Woolsey carried off the second
place trophy in extemporaneous
speaking.
Stanford’s debaters closed their
year on a winning note last week
end, winning first place in the
Nevada Great Western Champion
ship Tournament at Reno in com
petition with 32 select teams from
California. Oregon, Washington,
Utah, Nevada, Arizona, and Colo
rado.

The lop Stanford team of Mike
Hall and Chuck Bischoff won all
six of their debates, and was
rated superior by the judges in
five of them. The leading gixis
team from the Farm, Barrio
Thorne and Edith Brown, won
four out of six and was also
rated superior.
Earlier in the week, Jim Wool
sey and Bob Mackey completed
their spring debate tour of the
Northwest, in which they debated
against a number of schools in
Oregon, Washington, and British
Columbia, by competing in the
Pacific Forensic League cham
pionships, also held in Reno.
Woolsey carried off the second
place trophy in extemporaneous
speaking.
Stanford’s debaters closed their
year on a winning note last week
end, winning first place in the
Nevada Great Western Champion
ship Tournament at Reno in com
petition with 32 select teams from
California. Oregon, Washington,
Utah, Nevada, Arizona, and Colo
rado.

The lop Stanford team of Mike
Hall and Chuck Bischoff won all
six of their debates, and was
rated superior by the judges in
five of them. The leading gixis
team from the Farm, Barrio
Thorne and Edith Brown, won
four out of six and was also
rated superior.
Earlier in the week, Jim Wool
sey and Bob Mackey completed
their spring debate tour of the
Northwest, in which they debated
against a number of schools in
Oregon, Washington, and British
Columbia, by competing in the
Pacific Forensic League cham
pionships, also held in Reno.
Woolsey carried off the second
place trophy in extemporaneous
speaking.
Stanford’s debaters closed their
year on a winning note last week
end, winning first place in the
Nevada Great Western Champion
ship Tournament at Reno in com
petition with 32 select teams from
California. Oregon, Washington,
Utah, Nevada, Arizona, and Colo
rado.

The lop Stanford team of Mike
Hall and Chuck Bischoff won all
six of their debates, and was
rated superior by the judges in
five of them. The leading gixis
team from the Farm, Barrio
Thorne and Edith Brown, won
four out of six and was also
rated superior.
Earlier in the week, Jim Wool
sey and Bob Mackey completed
their spring debate tour of the
Northwest, in which they debated
against a number of schools in
Oregon, Washington, and British
Columbia, by competing in the
Pacific Forensic League cham
pionships, also held in Reno.
Woolsey carried off the second
place trophy in extemporaneous
speaking.
Stanford’s debaters closed their
year on a winning note last week
end, winning first place in the
Nevada Great Western Champion
ship Tournament at Reno in com
petition with 32 select teams from
California. Oregon, Washington,
Utah, Nevada, Arizona, and Colo
rado.

The lop Stanford team of Mike
Hall and Chuck Bischoff won all
six of their debates, and was
rated superior by the judges in
five of them. The leading gixis
team from the Farm, Barrio
Thorne and Edith Brown, won
four out of six and was also
rated superior.
Earlier in the week, Jim Wool
sey and Bob Mackey completed
their spring debate tour of the
Northwest, in which they debated
against a number of schools in
Oregon, Washington, and British
Columbia, by competing in the
Pacific Forensic League cham
pionships, also held in Reno.
Woolsey carried off the second
place trophy in extemporaneous
speaking.
Stanford’s debaters closed their
year on a winning note last week
end, winning first place in the
Nevada Great Western Champion
ship Tournament at Reno in com
petition with 32 select teams from
California. Oregon, Washington,
Utah, Nevada, Arizona, and Colo
rado.

The lop Stanford team of Mike
Hall and Chuck Bischoff won all
six of their debates, and was
rated superior by the judges in
five of them. The leading gixis
team from the Farm, Barrio
Thorne and Edith Brown, won
four out of six and was also
rated superior.
Earlier in the week, Jim Wool
sey and Bob Mackey completed
their spring debate tour of the
Northwest, in which they debated
against a number of schools in
Oregon, Washington, and British
Columbia, by competing in the
Pacific Forensic League cham
pionships, also held in Reno.
Woolsey carried off the second
place trophy in extemporaneous
speaking.
Stanford’s debaters closed their
year on a winning note last week
end, winning first place in the
Nevada Great Western Champion
ship Tournament at Reno in com
petition with 32 select teams from
California. Oregon, Washington,
Utah, Nevada, Arizona, and Colo
rado.

The lop Stanford team of Mike
Hall and Chuck Bischoff won all
six of their debates, and was
rated superior by the judges in
five of them. The leading gixis
team from the Farm, Barrio
Thorne and Edith Brown, won
four out of six and was also
rated superior.
Earlier in the week, Jim Wool
sey and Bob Mackey completed
their spring debate tour of the
Northwest, in which they debated
against a number of schools in
Oregon, Washington, and British
Columbia, by competing in the
Pacific Forensic League cham
pionships, also held in Reno.
Woolsey carried off the second
place trophy in extemporaneous
speaking.
Stanford’s debaters closed their
year on a winning note last week
end, winning first place in the
Nevada Great Western Champion
ship Tournament at Reno in com
petition with 32 select teams from
California. Oregon, Washington,
Utah, Nevada, Arizona, and Colo
rado.

The lop Stanford team of Mike
Hall and Chuck Bischoff won all
six of their debates, and was
rated superior by the judges in
five of them. The leading gixis
team from the Farm, Barrio
Thorne and Edith Brown, won
four out of six and was also
rated superior.
Earlier in the week, Jim Wool
sey and Bob Mackey completed
their spring debate tour of the
Northwest, in which they debated
against a number of schools in
Oregon, Washington, and British
Columbia, by competing in the
Pacific Forensic League cham
pionships, also held in Reno.
Woolsey carried off the second
place trophy in extemporaneous
speaking.
Stanford’s debaters closed their
year on a winning note last week
end, winning first place in the
Nevada Great Western Champion
ship Tournament at Reno in com
petition with 32 select teams from
California. Oregon, Washington,
Utah, Nevada, Arizona, and Colo
rado.

The lop Stanford team of Mike
Hall and Chuck Bischoff won all
six of their debates, and was
rated superior by the judges in
five of them. The leading gixis
team from the Farm, Barrio
Thorne and Edith Brown, won
four out of six and was also
rated superior.
Earlier in the week, Jim Wool
sey and Bob Mackey completed
their spring debate tour of the
Northwest, in which they debated
against a number of schools in
Oregon, Washington, and British
Columbia, by competing in the
Pacific Forensic League cham
pionships, also held in Reno.
Woolsey carried off the second
place trophy in extemporaneous
speaking.
Stanford’s debaters closed their
year on a winning note last week
end, winning first place in the
Nevada Great Western Champion
ship Tournament at Reno in com
petition with 32 select teams from
California. Oregon, Washington,
Utah, Nevada, Arizona, and Colo
rado.

The lop Stanford team of Mike
Hall and Chuck Bischoff won all
six of their debates, and was
rated superior by the judges in
five of them. The leading gixis
team from the Farm, Barrio
Thorne and Edith Brown, won
four out of six and was also
rated superior.
Earlier in the week, Jim Wool
sey and Bob Mackey completed
their spring debate tour of the
Northwest, in which they debated
against a number of schools in
Oregon, Washington, and British
Columbia, by competing in the
Pacific Forensic League cham
pionships, also held in Reno.
Woolsey carried off the second
place trophy in extemporaneous
speaking.
Stanford’s debaters closed their
year on a winning note last week
end, winning first place in the
Nevada Great Western Champion
ship Tournament at Reno in com
petition with 32 select teams from
California. Oregon, Washington,
Utah, Nevada, Arizona, and Colo
rado.

The lop Stanford team of Mike
Hall and Chuck Bischoff won all
six of their debates, and was
rated superior by the judges in
five of them. The leading gixis
team from the Farm, Barrio
Thorne and Edith Brown, won
four out of six and was also
rated superior.
Earlier in the week, Jim Wool
sey and Bob Mackey completed
their spring debate tour of the
Northwest, in which they debated
against a number of schools in
Oregon, Washington, and British
Columbia, by competing in the
Pacific Forensic League cham
pionships, also held in Reno.
Woolsey carried off the second
place trophy in extemporaneous
speaking.
Stanford’s debaters closed their
year on a winning note last week
end, winning first place in the
Nevada Great Western Champion
ship Tournament at Reno in com
petition with 32 select teams from
California. Oregon, Washington,
Utah, Nevada, Arizona, and Colo
rado.

The lop Stanford team of Mike
Hall and Chuck Bischoff won all
six of their debates, and was
rated superior by the judges in
five of them. The leading gixis
team from the Farm, Barrio
Thorne and Edith Brown, won
four out of six and was also
rated superior.
Earlier in the week, Jim Wool
sey and Bob Mackey completed
their spring debate tour of the
Northwest, in which they debated
against a number of schools in
Oregon, Washington, and British
Columbia, by competing in the
Pacific Forensic League cham
pionships, also held in Reno.
Woolsey carried off the second
place trophy in extemporaneous
speaking.
Stanford’s debaters closed their
year on a winning note last week
end, winning first place in the
Nevada Great Western Champion
ship Tournament at Reno in com
petition with 32 select teams from
California. Oregon, Washington,
Utah, Nevada, Arizona, and Colo
rado.

The lop Stanford team of Mike
Hall and Chuck Bischoff won all
six of their debates, and was
rated superior by the judges in
five of them. The leading gixis
team from the Farm, Barrio
Thorne and Edith Brown, won
four out of six and was also
rated superior.
Earlier in the week, Jim Wool
sey and Bob Mackey completed
their spring debate tour of the
Northwest, in which they debated
against a number of schools in
Oregon, Washington, and British
Columbia, by competing in the
Pacific Forensic League cham
pionships, also held in Reno.
Woolsey carried off the second
place trophy in extemporaneous
speaking.
Stanford’s debaters closed their
year on a winning note last week
end, winning first place in the
Nevada Great Western Champion
ship Tournament at Reno in com
petition with 32 select teams from
California. Oregon, Washington,
Utah, Nevada, Arizona, and Colo
rado.

The lop Stanford team of Mike
Hall and Chuck Bischoff won all
six of their debates, and was
rated superior by the judges in
five of them. The leading gixis
team from the Farm, Barrio
Thorne and Edith Brown, won
four out of six and was also
rated superior.
Earlier in the week, Jim Wool
sey and Bob Mackey completed
their spring debate tour of the
Northwest, in which they debated
against a number of schools in
Oregon, Washington, and British
Columbia, by competing in the
Pacific Forensic League cham
pionships, also held in Reno.
Woolsey carried off the second
place trophy in extemporaneous
speaking.
Stanford’s debaters closed their
year on a winning note last week
end, winning first place in the
Nevada Great Western Champion
ship Tournament at Reno in com
petition with 32 select teams from
California. Oregon, Washington,
Utah, Nevada, Arizona, and Colo
rado.

The lop Stanford team of Mike
Hall and Chuck Bischoff won all
six of their debates, and was
rated superior by the judges in
five of them. The leading gixis
team from the Farm, Barrio
Thorne and Edith Brown, won
four out of six and was also
rated superior.
Earlier in the week, Jim Wool
sey and Bob Mackey completed
their spring debate tour of the
Northwest, in which they debated
against a number of schools in
Oregon, Washington, and British
Columbia, by competing in the
Pacific Forensic League cham
pionships, also held in Reno.
Woolsey carried off the second
place trophy in extemporaneous
speaking.
Stanford’s debaters closed their
year on a winning note last week
end, winning first place in the
Nevada Great Western Champion
ship Tournament at Reno in com
petition with 32 select teams from
California. Oregon, Washington,
Utah, Nevada, Arizona, and Colo
rado.

The lop Stanford team of Mike
Hall and Chuck Bischoff won all
six of their debates, and was
rated superior by the judges in
five of them. The leading gixis
team from the Farm, Barrio
Thorne and Edith Brown, won
four out of six and was also
rated superior.
Earlier in the week, Jim Wool
sey and Bob Mackey completed
their spring debate tour of the
Northwest, in which they debated
against a number of schools in
Oregon, Washington, and British
Columbia, by competing in the
Pacific Forensic League cham
pionships, also held in Reno.
Woolsey carried off the second
place trophy in extemporaneous
speaking.
Stanford’s debaters closed their
year on a winning note last week
end, winning first place in the
Nevada Great Western Champion
ship Tournament at Reno in com
petition with 32 select teams from
California. Oregon, Washington,
Utah, Nevada, Arizona, and Colo
rado.

The lop Stanford team of Mike
Hall and Chuck Bischoff won all
six of their debates, and was
rated superior by the judges in
five of them. The leading gixis
team from the Farm, Barrio
Thorne and Edith Brown, won
four out of six and was also
rated superior.
Earlier in the week, Jim Wool
sey and Bob Mackey completed
their spring debate tour of the
Northwest, in which they debated
against a number of schools in
Oregon, Washington, and British
Columbia, by competing in the
Pacific Forensic League cham
pionships, also held in Reno.
Woolsey carried off the second
place trophy in extemporaneous
speaking.
