# Sponsor Applications Ready for Women
## 
### 
Applications for next year's wom
en sponsors may be picked up at
the ASSU office today. They should
be filled out and returned before
next Tuesday. Appointments for
interviews may be made when the
applications arc turned in.
Applications for next year's wom
en sponsors may be picked up at
the ASSU office today. They should
be filled out and returned before
next Tuesday. Appointments for
interviews may be made when the
applications arc turned in.
Applications for next year's wom
en sponsors may be picked up at
the ASSU office today. They should
be filled out and returned before
next Tuesday. Appointments for
interviews may be made when the
applications arc turned in.
Applications for next year's wom
en sponsors may be picked up at
the ASSU office today. They should
be filled out and returned before
next Tuesday. Appointments for
interviews may be made when the
applications arc turned in.
Applications for next year's wom
en sponsors may be picked up at
the ASSU office today. They should
be filled out and returned before
next Tuesday. Appointments for
interviews may be made when the
applications arc turned in.
Applications for next year's wom
en sponsors may be picked up at
the ASSU office today. They should
be filled out and returned before
next Tuesday. Appointments for
interviews may be made when the
applications arc turned in.
Applications for next year's wom
en sponsors may be picked up at
the ASSU office today. They should
be filled out and returned before
next Tuesday. Appointments for
interviews may be made when the
applications arc turned in.
Applications for next year's wom
en sponsors may be picked up at
the ASSU office today. They should
be filled out and returned before
next Tuesday. Appointments for
interviews may be made when the
applications arc turned in.
Applications for next year's wom
en sponsors may be picked up at
the ASSU office today. They should
be filled out and returned before
next Tuesday. Appointments for
interviews may be made when the
applications arc turned in.
Applications for next year's wom
en sponsors may be picked up at
the ASSU office today. They should
be filled out and returned before
next Tuesday. Appointments for
interviews may be made when the
applications arc turned in.
Applications for next year's wom
en sponsors may be picked up at
the ASSU office today. They should
be filled out and returned before
next Tuesday. Appointments for
interviews may be made when the
applications arc turned in.
Applications for next year's wom
en sponsors may be picked up at
the ASSU office today. They should
be filled out and returned before
next Tuesday. Appointments for
interviews may be made when the
applications arc turned in.
Applications for next year's wom
en sponsors may be picked up at
the ASSU office today. They should
be filled out and returned before
next Tuesday. Appointments for
interviews may be made when the
applications arc turned in.
Applications for next year's wom
en sponsors may be picked up at
the ASSU office today. They should
be filled out and returned before
next Tuesday. Appointments for
interviews may be made when the
applications arc turned in.
Applications for next year's wom
en sponsors may be picked up at
the ASSU office today. They should
be filled out and returned before
next Tuesday. Appointments for
interviews may be made when the
applications arc turned in.
