# UNDER THE WEATHER
## 
### 
Women's Itcst Home—Nancy Fi
field.
IVlcn's Itcst Home—Mark frank
lin, Pete Pitskcr.
Palo AHo Hospital -George Bcau
mariage.
Isolation Hospital — Robert Grif
fith, George Chambers, Robert Jur
gensen, Bill Whalen, Kingslcy Du
rant.
Women's Itcst Home—Nancy Fi
field.
IVlcn's Itcst Home—Mark frank
lin, Pete Pitskcr.
Palo AHo Hospital -George Bcau
mariage.
Isolation Hospital — Robert Grif
fith, George Chambers, Robert Jur
gensen, Bill Whalen, Kingslcy Du
rant.
Women's Itcst Home—Nancy Fi
field.
IVlcn's Itcst Home—Mark frank
lin, Pete Pitskcr.
Palo AHo Hospital -George Bcau
mariage.
Isolation Hospital — Robert Grif
fith, George Chambers, Robert Jur
gensen, Bill Whalen, Kingslcy Du
rant.
Women's Itcst Home—Nancy Fi
field.
IVlcn's Itcst Home—Mark frank
lin, Pete Pitskcr.
Palo AHo Hospital -George Bcau
mariage.
Isolation Hospital — Robert Grif
fith, George Chambers, Robert Jur
gensen, Bill Whalen, Kingslcy Du
rant.
Women's Itcst Home—Nancy Fi
field.
IVlcn's Itcst Home—Mark frank
lin, Pete Pitskcr.
Palo AHo Hospital -George Bcau
mariage.
Isolation Hospital — Robert Grif
fith, George Chambers, Robert Jur
gensen, Bill Whalen, Kingslcy Du
rant.
Women's Itcst Home—Nancy Fi
field.
IVlcn's Itcst Home—Mark frank
lin, Pete Pitskcr.
Palo AHo Hospital -George Bcau
mariage.
Isolation Hospital — Robert Grif
fith, George Chambers, Robert Jur
gensen, Bill Whalen, Kingslcy Du
rant.
Women's Itcst Home—Nancy Fi
field.
IVlcn's Itcst Home—Mark frank
lin, Pete Pitskcr.
Palo AHo Hospital -George Bcau
mariage.
Isolation Hospital — Robert Grif
fith, George Chambers, Robert Jur
gensen, Bill Whalen, Kingslcy Du
rant.
Women's Itcst Home—Nancy Fi
field.
IVlcn's Itcst Home—Mark frank
lin, Pete Pitskcr.
Palo AHo Hospital -George Bcau
mariage.
Isolation Hospital — Robert Grif
fith, George Chambers, Robert Jur
gensen, Bill Whalen, Kingslcy Du
rant.
Women's Itcst Home—Nancy Fi
field.
IVlcn's Itcst Home—Mark frank
lin, Pete Pitskcr.
Palo AHo Hospital -George Bcau
mariage.
Isolation Hospital — Robert Grif
fith, George Chambers, Robert Jur
gensen, Bill Whalen, Kingslcy Du
rant.
Women's Itcst Home—Nancy Fi
field.
IVlcn's Itcst Home—Mark frank
lin, Pete Pitskcr.
Palo AHo Hospital -George Bcau
mariage.
Isolation Hospital — Robert Grif
fith, George Chambers, Robert Jur
gensen, Bill Whalen, Kingslcy Du
rant.
Women's Itcst Home—Nancy Fi
field.
IVlcn's Itcst Home—Mark frank
lin, Pete Pitskcr.
Palo AHo Hospital -George Bcau
mariage.
Isolation Hospital — Robert Grif
fith, George Chambers, Robert Jur
gensen, Bill Whalen, Kingslcy Du
rant.
Women's Itcst Home—Nancy Fi
field.
IVlcn's Itcst Home—Mark frank
lin, Pete Pitskcr.
Palo AHo Hospital -George Bcau
mariage.
Isolation Hospital — Robert Grif
fith, George Chambers, Robert Jur
gensen, Bill Whalen, Kingslcy Du
rant.
Women's Itcst Home—Nancy Fi
field.
IVlcn's Itcst Home—Mark frank
lin, Pete Pitskcr.
Palo AHo Hospital -George Bcau
mariage.
Isolation Hospital — Robert Grif
fith, George Chambers, Robert Jur
gensen, Bill Whalen, Kingslcy Du
rant.
Women's Itcst Home—Nancy Fi
field.
IVlcn's Itcst Home—Mark frank
lin, Pete Pitskcr.
Palo AHo Hospital -George Bcau
mariage.
Isolation Hospital — Robert Grif
fith, George Chambers, Robert Jur
gensen, Bill Whalen, Kingslcy Du
rant.
Women's Itcst Home—Nancy Fi
field.
IVlcn's Itcst Home—Mark frank
lin, Pete Pitskcr.
Palo AHo Hospital -George Bcau
mariage.
Isolation Hospital — Robert Grif
fith, George Chambers, Robert Jur
gensen, Bill Whalen, Kingslcy Du
rant.
