# Association Holds Weekly .Meeting
## 
### 
The Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation held its regular weekly meet
ing yesterday morning in room r>r».
Instructor Maloney of Eucina Gym
nasium gave an interesting talk on
the subject, "The Relation of Physi
cal Development to the Character.'
The meeting was closed with a short
song practice.
The Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation held its regular weekly meet
ing yesterday morning in room r>r».
Instructor Maloney of Eucina Gym
nasium gave an interesting talk on
the subject, "The Relation of Physi
cal Development to the Character.'
The meeting was closed with a short
song practice.
The Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation held its regular weekly meet
ing yesterday morning in room r>r».
Instructor Maloney of Eucina Gym
nasium gave an interesting talk on
the subject, "The Relation of Physi
cal Development to the Character.'
The meeting was closed with a short
song practice.
The Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation held its regular weekly meet
ing yesterday morning in room r>r».
Instructor Maloney of Eucina Gym
nasium gave an interesting talk on
the subject, "The Relation of Physi
cal Development to the Character.'
The meeting was closed with a short
song practice.
The Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation held its regular weekly meet
ing yesterday morning in room r>r».
Instructor Maloney of Eucina Gym
nasium gave an interesting talk on
the subject, "The Relation of Physi
cal Development to the Character.'
The meeting was closed with a short
song practice.
The Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation held its regular weekly meet
ing yesterday morning in room r>r».
Instructor Maloney of Eucina Gym
nasium gave an interesting talk on
the subject, "The Relation of Physi
cal Development to the Character.'
The meeting was closed with a short
song practice.
The Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation held its regular weekly meet
ing yesterday morning in room r>r».
Instructor Maloney of Eucina Gym
nasium gave an interesting talk on
the subject, "The Relation of Physi
cal Development to the Character.'
The meeting was closed with a short
song practice.
The Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation held its regular weekly meet
ing yesterday morning in room r>r».
Instructor Maloney of Eucina Gym
nasium gave an interesting talk on
the subject, "The Relation of Physi
cal Development to the Character.'
The meeting was closed with a short
song practice.
The Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation held its regular weekly meet
ing yesterday morning in room r>r».
Instructor Maloney of Eucina Gym
nasium gave an interesting talk on
the subject, "The Relation of Physi
cal Development to the Character.'
The meeting was closed with a short
song practice.
The Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation held its regular weekly meet
ing yesterday morning in room r>r».
Instructor Maloney of Eucina Gym
nasium gave an interesting talk on
the subject, "The Relation of Physi
cal Development to the Character.'
The meeting was closed with a short
song practice.
