# ENCINA PREPARES FOR ANNUAL SPORT DANCE
## 
### 
Preparations for the annual Encina
ITall Sport Dance are being planned
by the dance committee under Nelson
Mills, chairman. Richard Oddie, who
is in charge of the decorations, has
secured John Craig from San Fran
cisco to decorate the lobby.
Craig decorated the Pavilion for the
Military Hall and is planning the
decorations for the Senior Ball and
the Senior Pall at California. The
lobby will be made to represent a
summer garden scene, with colorful
curtains covering the walls, and
shrubbery and flowers will complete
(he effect.
Bids will go on sale about May 8,
and probably the dance will be an
ail-campus affair.
Preparations for the annual Encina
ITall Sport Dance are being planned
by the dance committee under Nelson
Mills, chairman. Richard Oddie, who
is in charge of the decorations, has
secured John Craig from San Fran
cisco to decorate the lobby.
Craig decorated the Pavilion for the
Military Hall and is planning the
decorations for the Senior Ball and
the Senior Pall at California. The
lobby will be made to represent a
summer garden scene, with colorful
curtains covering the walls, and
shrubbery and flowers will complete
(he effect.
Bids will go on sale about May 8,
and probably the dance will be an
ail-campus affair.
Preparations for the annual Encina
ITall Sport Dance are being planned
by the dance committee under Nelson
Mills, chairman. Richard Oddie, who
is in charge of the decorations, has
secured John Craig from San Fran
cisco to decorate the lobby.
Craig decorated the Pavilion for the
Military Hall and is planning the
decorations for the Senior Ball and
the Senior Pall at California. The
lobby will be made to represent a
summer garden scene, with colorful
curtains covering the walls, and
shrubbery and flowers will complete
(he effect.
Bids will go on sale about May 8,
and probably the dance will be an
ail-campus affair.
Preparations for the annual Encina
ITall Sport Dance are being planned
by the dance committee under Nelson
Mills, chairman. Richard Oddie, who
is in charge of the decorations, has
secured John Craig from San Fran
cisco to decorate the lobby.
Craig decorated the Pavilion for the
Military Hall and is planning the
decorations for the Senior Ball and
the Senior Pall at California. The
lobby will be made to represent a
summer garden scene, with colorful
curtains covering the walls, and
shrubbery and flowers will complete
(he effect.
Bids will go on sale about May 8,
and probably the dance will be an
ail-campus affair.
Preparations for the annual Encina
ITall Sport Dance are being planned
by the dance committee under Nelson
Mills, chairman. Richard Oddie, who
is in charge of the decorations, has
secured John Craig from San Fran
cisco to decorate the lobby.
Craig decorated the Pavilion for the
Military Hall and is planning the
decorations for the Senior Ball and
the Senior Pall at California. The
lobby will be made to represent a
summer garden scene, with colorful
curtains covering the walls, and
shrubbery and flowers will complete
(he effect.
Bids will go on sale about May 8,
and probably the dance will be an
ail-campus affair.
Preparations for the annual Encina
ITall Sport Dance are being planned
by the dance committee under Nelson
Mills, chairman. Richard Oddie, who
is in charge of the decorations, has
secured John Craig from San Fran
cisco to decorate the lobby.
Craig decorated the Pavilion for the
Military Hall and is planning the
decorations for the Senior Ball and
the Senior Pall at California. The
lobby will be made to represent a
summer garden scene, with colorful
curtains covering the walls, and
shrubbery and flowers will complete
(he effect.
Bids will go on sale about May 8,
and probably the dance will be an
ail-campus affair.
Preparations for the annual Encina
ITall Sport Dance are being planned
by the dance committee under Nelson
Mills, chairman. Richard Oddie, who
is in charge of the decorations, has
secured John Craig from San Fran
cisco to decorate the lobby.
Craig decorated the Pavilion for the
Military Hall and is planning the
decorations for the Senior Ball and
the Senior Pall at California. The
lobby will be made to represent a
summer garden scene, with colorful
curtains covering the walls, and
shrubbery and flowers will complete
(he effect.
Bids will go on sale about May 8,
and probably the dance will be an
ail-campus affair.
Preparations for the annual Encina
ITall Sport Dance are being planned
by the dance committee under Nelson
Mills, chairman. Richard Oddie, who
is in charge of the decorations, has
secured John Craig from San Fran
cisco to decorate the lobby.
Craig decorated the Pavilion for the
Military Hall and is planning the
decorations for the Senior Ball and
the Senior Pall at California. The
lobby will be made to represent a
summer garden scene, with colorful
curtains covering the walls, and
shrubbery and flowers will complete
(he effect.
Bids will go on sale about May 8,
and probably the dance will be an
ail-campus affair.
Preparations for the annual Encina
ITall Sport Dance are being planned
by the dance committee under Nelson
Mills, chairman. Richard Oddie, who
is in charge of the decorations, has
secured John Craig from San Fran
cisco to decorate the lobby.
Craig decorated the Pavilion for the
Military Hall and is planning the
decorations for the Senior Ball and
the Senior Pall at California. The
lobby will be made to represent a
summer garden scene, with colorful
curtains covering the walls, and
shrubbery and flowers will complete
(he effect.
Bids will go on sale about May 8,
and probably the dance will be an
ail-campus affair.
Preparations for the annual Encina
ITall Sport Dance are being planned
by the dance committee under Nelson
Mills, chairman. Richard Oddie, who
is in charge of the decorations, has
secured John Craig from San Fran
cisco to decorate the lobby.
Craig decorated the Pavilion for the
Military Hall and is planning the
decorations for the Senior Ball and
the Senior Pall at California. The
lobby will be made to represent a
summer garden scene, with colorful
curtains covering the walls, and
shrubbery and flowers will complete
(he effect.
Bids will go on sale about May 8,
and probably the dance will be an
ail-campus affair.
Preparations for the annual Encina
ITall Sport Dance are being planned
by the dance committee under Nelson
Mills, chairman. Richard Oddie, who
is in charge of the decorations, has
secured John Craig from San Fran
cisco to decorate the lobby.
Craig decorated the Pavilion for the
Military Hall and is planning the
decorations for the Senior Ball and
the Senior Pall at California. The
lobby will be made to represent a
summer garden scene, with colorful
curtains covering the walls, and
shrubbery and flowers will complete
(he effect.
Bids will go on sale about May 8,
and probably the dance will be an
ail-campus affair.
Preparations for the annual Encina
ITall Sport Dance are being planned
by the dance committee under Nelson
Mills, chairman. Richard Oddie, who
is in charge of the decorations, has
secured John Craig from San Fran
cisco to decorate the lobby.
Craig decorated the Pavilion for the
Military Hall and is planning the
decorations for the Senior Ball and
the Senior Pall at California. The
lobby will be made to represent a
summer garden scene, with colorful
curtains covering the walls, and
shrubbery and flowers will complete
(he effect.
Bids will go on sale about May 8,
and probably the dance will be an
ail-campus affair.
Preparations for the annual Encina
ITall Sport Dance are being planned
by the dance committee under Nelson
Mills, chairman. Richard Oddie, who
is in charge of the decorations, has
secured John Craig from San Fran
cisco to decorate the lobby.
Craig decorated the Pavilion for the
Military Hall and is planning the
decorations for the Senior Ball and
the Senior Pall at California. The
lobby will be made to represent a
summer garden scene, with colorful
curtains covering the walls, and
shrubbery and flowers will complete
(he effect.
Bids will go on sale about May 8,
and probably the dance will be an
ail-campus affair.
Preparations for the annual Encina
ITall Sport Dance are being planned
by the dance committee under Nelson
Mills, chairman. Richard Oddie, who
is in charge of the decorations, has
secured John Craig from San Fran
cisco to decorate the lobby.
Craig decorated the Pavilion for the
Military Hall and is planning the
decorations for the Senior Ball and
the Senior Pall at California. The
lobby will be made to represent a
summer garden scene, with colorful
curtains covering the walls, and
shrubbery and flowers will complete
(he effect.
Bids will go on sale about May 8,
and probably the dance will be an
ail-campus affair.
Preparations for the annual Encina
ITall Sport Dance are being planned
by the dance committee under Nelson
Mills, chairman. Richard Oddie, who
is in charge of the decorations, has
secured John Craig from San Fran
cisco to decorate the lobby.
Craig decorated the Pavilion for the
Military Hall and is planning the
decorations for the Senior Ball and
the Senior Pall at California. The
lobby will be made to represent a
summer garden scene, with colorful
curtains covering the walls, and
shrubbery and flowers will complete
(he effect.
Bids will go on sale about May 8,
and probably the dance will be an
ail-campus affair.
Preparations for the annual Encina
ITall Sport Dance are being planned
by the dance committee under Nelson
Mills, chairman. Richard Oddie, who
is in charge of the decorations, has
secured John Craig from San Fran
cisco to decorate the lobby.
Craig decorated the Pavilion for the
Military Hall and is planning the
decorations for the Senior Ball and
the Senior Pall at California. The
lobby will be made to represent a
summer garden scene, with colorful
curtains covering the walls, and
shrubbery and flowers will complete
(he effect.
Bids will go on sale about May 8,
and probably the dance will be an
ail-campus affair.
