# French Cabinet to Remain In Office, States Poincare
## 
### 
PARIS, May 2. — (U.P.) — Premier
Poincare announced after a cabinet meet
ing this morning that the cabinet would
not resign in view of the fact that the
French elections showed national ap
proval of the cabinet. The cabinet, with
the exception of Minister of Labor An
dre Falliers, will therefore stand as it
now is, although there are reports of
some possible shifts.
PARIS, May 2. — (U.P.) — Premier
Poincare announced after a cabinet meet
ing this morning that the cabinet would
not resign in view of the fact that the
French elections showed national ap
proval of the cabinet. The cabinet, with
the exception of Minister of Labor An
dre Falliers, will therefore stand as it
now is, although there are reports of
some possible shifts.
PARIS, May 2. — (U.P.) — Premier
Poincare announced after a cabinet meet
ing this morning that the cabinet would
not resign in view of the fact that the
French elections showed national ap
proval of the cabinet. The cabinet, with
the exception of Minister of Labor An
dre Falliers, will therefore stand as it
now is, although there are reports of
some possible shifts.
PARIS, May 2. — (U.P.) — Premier
Poincare announced after a cabinet meet
ing this morning that the cabinet would
not resign in view of the fact that the
French elections showed national ap
proval of the cabinet. The cabinet, with
the exception of Minister of Labor An
dre Falliers, will therefore stand as it
now is, although there are reports of
some possible shifts.
PARIS, May 2. — (U.P.) — Premier
Poincare announced after a cabinet meet
ing this morning that the cabinet would
not resign in view of the fact that the
French elections showed national ap
proval of the cabinet. The cabinet, with
the exception of Minister of Labor An
dre Falliers, will therefore stand as it
now is, although there are reports of
some possible shifts.
PARIS, May 2. — (U.P.) — Premier
Poincare announced after a cabinet meet
ing this morning that the cabinet would
not resign in view of the fact that the
French elections showed national ap
proval of the cabinet. The cabinet, with
the exception of Minister of Labor An
dre Falliers, will therefore stand as it
now is, although there are reports of
some possible shifts.
PARIS, May 2. — (U.P.) — Premier
Poincare announced after a cabinet meet
ing this morning that the cabinet would
not resign in view of the fact that the
French elections showed national ap
proval of the cabinet. The cabinet, with
the exception of Minister of Labor An
dre Falliers, will therefore stand as it
now is, although there are reports of
some possible shifts.
PARIS, May 2. — (U.P.) — Premier
Poincare announced after a cabinet meet
ing this morning that the cabinet would
not resign in view of the fact that the
French elections showed national ap
proval of the cabinet. The cabinet, with
the exception of Minister of Labor An
dre Falliers, will therefore stand as it
now is, although there are reports of
some possible shifts.
PARIS, May 2. — (U.P.) — Premier
Poincare announced after a cabinet meet
ing this morning that the cabinet would
not resign in view of the fact that the
French elections showed national ap
proval of the cabinet. The cabinet, with
the exception of Minister of Labor An
dre Falliers, will therefore stand as it
now is, although there are reports of
some possible shifts.
PARIS, May 2. — (U.P.) — Premier
Poincare announced after a cabinet meet
ing this morning that the cabinet would
not resign in view of the fact that the
French elections showed national ap
proval of the cabinet. The cabinet, with
the exception of Minister of Labor An
dre Falliers, will therefore stand as it
now is, although there are reports of
some possible shifts.
PARIS, May 2. — (U.P.) — Premier
Poincare announced after a cabinet meet
ing this morning that the cabinet would
not resign in view of the fact that the
French elections showed national ap
proval of the cabinet. The cabinet, with
the exception of Minister of Labor An
dre Falliers, will therefore stand as it
now is, although there are reports of
some possible shifts.
PARIS, May 2. — (U.P.) — Premier
Poincare announced after a cabinet meet
ing this morning that the cabinet would
not resign in view of the fact that the
French elections showed national ap
proval of the cabinet. The cabinet, with
the exception of Minister of Labor An
dre Falliers, will therefore stand as it
now is, although there are reports of
some possible shifts.
PARIS, May 2. — (U.P.) — Premier
Poincare announced after a cabinet meet
ing this morning that the cabinet would
not resign in view of the fact that the
French elections showed national ap
proval of the cabinet. The cabinet, with
the exception of Minister of Labor An
dre Falliers, will therefore stand as it
now is, although there are reports of
some possible shifts.
PARIS, May 2. — (U.P.) — Premier
Poincare announced after a cabinet meet
ing this morning that the cabinet would
not resign in view of the fact that the
French elections showed national ap
proval of the cabinet. The cabinet, with
the exception of Minister of Labor An
dre Falliers, will therefore stand as it
now is, although there are reports of
some possible shifts.
PARIS, May 2. — (U.P.) — Premier
Poincare announced after a cabinet meet
ing this morning that the cabinet would
not resign in view of the fact that the
French elections showed national ap
proval of the cabinet. The cabinet, with
the exception of Minister of Labor An
dre Falliers, will therefore stand as it
now is, although there are reports of
some possible shifts.
PARIS, May 2. — (U.P.) — Premier
Poincare announced after a cabinet meet
ing this morning that the cabinet would
not resign in view of the fact that the
French elections showed national ap
proval of the cabinet. The cabinet, with
the exception of Minister of Labor An
dre Falliers, will therefore stand as it
now is, although there are reports of
some possible shifts.
