# Untitled Article
## 
### 
E.W. Rust, '08, assistant in the
government bureau of Entomology of
Peru has been transferred from Piura
to Lima. This transfer promotes Rust
to position of the second to highest
officer in the Peruvian Bureau of Ent
omology.
E.W. Rust, '08, assistant in the
government bureau of Entomology of
Peru has been transferred from Piura
to Lima. This transfer promotes Rust
to position of the second to highest
officer in the Peruvian Bureau of Ent
omology.
E.W. Rust, '08, assistant in the
government bureau of Entomology of
Peru has been transferred from Piura
to Lima. This transfer promotes Rust
to position of the second to highest
officer in the Peruvian Bureau of Ent
omology.
E.W. Rust, '08, assistant in the
government bureau of Entomology of
Peru has been transferred from Piura
to Lima. This transfer promotes Rust
to position of the second to highest
officer in the Peruvian Bureau of Ent
omology.
E.W. Rust, '08, assistant in the
government bureau of Entomology of
Peru has been transferred from Piura
to Lima. This transfer promotes Rust
to position of the second to highest
officer in the Peruvian Bureau of Ent
omology.
E.W. Rust, '08, assistant in the
government bureau of Entomology of
Peru has been transferred from Piura
to Lima. This transfer promotes Rust
to position of the second to highest
officer in the Peruvian Bureau of Ent
omology.
E.W. Rust, '08, assistant in the
government bureau of Entomology of
Peru has been transferred from Piura
to Lima. This transfer promotes Rust
to position of the second to highest
officer in the Peruvian Bureau of Ent
omology.
E.W. Rust, '08, assistant in the
government bureau of Entomology of
Peru has been transferred from Piura
to Lima. This transfer promotes Rust
to position of the second to highest
officer in the Peruvian Bureau of Ent
omology.
E.W. Rust, '08, assistant in the
government bureau of Entomology of
Peru has been transferred from Piura
to Lima. This transfer promotes Rust
to position of the second to highest
officer in the Peruvian Bureau of Ent
omology.
E.W. Rust, '08, assistant in the
government bureau of Entomology of
Peru has been transferred from Piura
to Lima. This transfer promotes Rust
to position of the second to highest
officer in the Peruvian Bureau of Ent
omology.
E.W. Rust, '08, assistant in the
government bureau of Entomology of
Peru has been transferred from Piura
to Lima. This transfer promotes Rust
to position of the second to highest
officer in the Peruvian Bureau of Ent
omology.
E.W. Rust, '08, assistant in the
government bureau of Entomology of
Peru has been transferred from Piura
to Lima. This transfer promotes Rust
to position of the second to highest
officer in the Peruvian Bureau of Ent
omology.
E.W. Rust, '08, assistant in the
government bureau of Entomology of
Peru has been transferred from Piura
to Lima. This transfer promotes Rust
to position of the second to highest
officer in the Peruvian Bureau of Ent
omology.
E.W. Rust, '08, assistant in the
government bureau of Entomology of
Peru has been transferred from Piura
to Lima. This transfer promotes Rust
to position of the second to highest
officer in the Peruvian Bureau of Ent
omology.
