# Ping Pong Champ Has Never Played
## 
### 
Of course she never played
ping-pong in her life, but she is
Adclfa's tournament champion.
To raise money for the Conva
lescent Home, Lagunita organized
a ping-pong tournament for each
casa. Peggy Sussman, Adclfa's
chairman, ran around after dinner
one night and signed up everybody
who was at home at 25 cents a
head.
Then everyone defaulted and
Beverly Rank was appointed
champion, because she thought it
would be fun. And she has still
never played a« game of ping
pong.
Of course she never played
ping-pong in her life, but she is
Adclfa's tournament champion.
To raise money for the Conva
lescent Home, Lagunita organized
a ping-pong tournament for each
casa. Peggy Sussman, Adclfa's
chairman, ran around after dinner
one night and signed up everybody
who was at home at 25 cents a
head.
Then everyone defaulted and
Beverly Rank was appointed
champion, because she thought it
would be fun. And she has still
never played a« game of ping
pong.
Of course she never played
ping-pong in her life, but she is
Adclfa's tournament champion.
To raise money for the Conva
lescent Home, Lagunita organized
a ping-pong tournament for each
casa. Peggy Sussman, Adclfa's
chairman, ran around after dinner
one night and signed up everybody
who was at home at 25 cents a
head.
Then everyone defaulted and
Beverly Rank was appointed
champion, because she thought it
would be fun. And she has still
never played a« game of ping
pong.
Of course she never played
ping-pong in her life, but she is
Adclfa's tournament champion.
To raise money for the Conva
lescent Home, Lagunita organized
a ping-pong tournament for each
casa. Peggy Sussman, Adclfa's
chairman, ran around after dinner
one night and signed up everybody
who was at home at 25 cents a
head.
Then everyone defaulted and
Beverly Rank was appointed
champion, because she thought it
would be fun. And she has still
never played a« game of ping
pong.
Of course she never played
ping-pong in her life, but she is
Adclfa's tournament champion.
To raise money for the Conva
lescent Home, Lagunita organized
a ping-pong tournament for each
casa. Peggy Sussman, Adclfa's
chairman, ran around after dinner
one night and signed up everybody
who was at home at 25 cents a
head.
Then everyone defaulted and
Beverly Rank was appointed
champion, because she thought it
would be fun. And she has still
never played a« game of ping
pong.
Of course she never played
ping-pong in her life, but she is
Adclfa's tournament champion.
To raise money for the Conva
lescent Home, Lagunita organized
a ping-pong tournament for each
casa. Peggy Sussman, Adclfa's
chairman, ran around after dinner
one night and signed up everybody
who was at home at 25 cents a
head.
Then everyone defaulted and
Beverly Rank was appointed
champion, because she thought it
would be fun. And she has still
never played a« game of ping
pong.
Of course she never played
ping-pong in her life, but she is
Adclfa's tournament champion.
To raise money for the Conva
lescent Home, Lagunita organized
a ping-pong tournament for each
casa. Peggy Sussman, Adclfa's
chairman, ran around after dinner
one night and signed up everybody
who was at home at 25 cents a
head.
Then everyone defaulted and
Beverly Rank was appointed
champion, because she thought it
would be fun. And she has still
never played a« game of ping
pong.
Of course she never played
ping-pong in her life, but she is
Adclfa's tournament champion.
To raise money for the Conva
lescent Home, Lagunita organized
a ping-pong tournament for each
casa. Peggy Sussman, Adclfa's
chairman, ran around after dinner
one night and signed up everybody
who was at home at 25 cents a
head.
Then everyone defaulted and
Beverly Rank was appointed
champion, because she thought it
would be fun. And she has still
never played a« game of ping
pong.
Of course she never played
ping-pong in her life, but she is
Adclfa's tournament champion.
To raise money for the Conva
lescent Home, Lagunita organized
a ping-pong tournament for each
casa. Peggy Sussman, Adclfa's
chairman, ran around after dinner
one night and signed up everybody
who was at home at 25 cents a
head.
Then everyone defaulted and
Beverly Rank was appointed
champion, because she thought it
would be fun. And she has still
never played a« game of ping
pong.
Of course she never played
ping-pong in her life, but she is
Adclfa's tournament champion.
To raise money for the Conva
lescent Home, Lagunita organized
a ping-pong tournament for each
casa. Peggy Sussman, Adclfa's
chairman, ran around after dinner
one night and signed up everybody
who was at home at 25 cents a
head.
Then everyone defaulted and
Beverly Rank was appointed
champion, because she thought it
would be fun. And she has still
never played a« game of ping
pong.
Of course she never played
ping-pong in her life, but she is
Adclfa's tournament champion.
To raise money for the Conva
lescent Home, Lagunita organized
a ping-pong tournament for each
casa. Peggy Sussman, Adclfa's
chairman, ran around after dinner
one night and signed up everybody
who was at home at 25 cents a
head.
Then everyone defaulted and
Beverly Rank was appointed
champion, because she thought it
would be fun. And she has still
never played a« game of ping
pong.
Of course she never played
ping-pong in her life, but she is
Adclfa's tournament champion.
To raise money for the Conva
lescent Home, Lagunita organized
a ping-pong tournament for each
casa. Peggy Sussman, Adclfa's
chairman, ran around after dinner
one night and signed up everybody
who was at home at 25 cents a
head.
Then everyone defaulted and
Beverly Rank was appointed
champion, because she thought it
would be fun. And she has still
never played a« game of ping
pong.
Of course she never played
ping-pong in her life, but she is
Adclfa's tournament champion.
To raise money for the Conva
lescent Home, Lagunita organized
a ping-pong tournament for each
casa. Peggy Sussman, Adclfa's
chairman, ran around after dinner
one night and signed up everybody
who was at home at 25 cents a
head.
Then everyone defaulted and
Beverly Rank was appointed
champion, because she thought it
would be fun. And she has still
never played a« game of ping
pong.
Of course she never played
ping-pong in her life, but she is
Adclfa's tournament champion.
To raise money for the Conva
lescent Home, Lagunita organized
a ping-pong tournament for each
casa. Peggy Sussman, Adclfa's
chairman, ran around after dinner
one night and signed up everybody
who was at home at 25 cents a
head.
Then everyone defaulted and
Beverly Rank was appointed
champion, because she thought it
would be fun. And she has still
never played a« game of ping
pong.
Of course she never played
ping-pong in her life, but she is
Adclfa's tournament champion.
To raise money for the Conva
lescent Home, Lagunita organized
a ping-pong tournament for each
casa. Peggy Sussman, Adclfa's
chairman, ran around after dinner
one night and signed up everybody
who was at home at 25 cents a
head.
Then everyone defaulted and
Beverly Rank was appointed
champion, because she thought it
would be fun. And she has still
never played a« game of ping
pong.
Of course she never played
ping-pong in her life, but she is
Adclfa's tournament champion.
To raise money for the Conva
lescent Home, Lagunita organized
a ping-pong tournament for each
casa. Peggy Sussman, Adclfa's
chairman, ran around after dinner
one night and signed up everybody
who was at home at 25 cents a
head.
Then everyone defaulted and
Beverly Rank was appointed
champion, because she thought it
would be fun. And she has still
never played a« game of ping
pong.
Of course she never played
ping-pong in her life, but she is
Adclfa's tournament champion.
To raise money for the Conva
lescent Home, Lagunita organized
a ping-pong tournament for each
casa. Peggy Sussman, Adclfa's
chairman, ran around after dinner
one night and signed up everybody
who was at home at 25 cents a
head.
Then everyone defaulted and
Beverly Rank was appointed
champion, because she thought it
would be fun. And she has still
never played a« game of ping
pong.
