# GIRL COMMITS SUICIDE
## 
### 
OAKLAND, May 5 (UP).—Bar
bara Kissack, 19, died of carbon
monoxide poisoning today in an al
leged suicide pact from which her
former husband "backed out" as the
deadly poison fumes reached him,
police disclosed tonight.
WASHINGTON, May 5 (UP).—
Administration and Congressional
leaders were cautious tonight in
discussing the Mexican note reject
ing the American proposal for ar
bitration of the 2G-months-old oil
controversy.
OAKLAND, May 5 (UP).—Bar
bara Kissack, 19, died of carbon
monoxide poisoning today in an al
leged suicide pact from which her
former husband "backed out" as the
deadly poison fumes reached him,
police disclosed tonight.
WASHINGTON, May 5 (UP).—
Administration and Congressional
leaders were cautious tonight in
discussing the Mexican note reject
ing the American proposal for ar
bitration of the 2G-months-old oil
controversy.
OAKLAND, May 5 (UP).—Bar
bara Kissack, 19, died of carbon
monoxide poisoning today in an al
leged suicide pact from which her
former husband "backed out" as the
deadly poison fumes reached him,
police disclosed tonight.
WASHINGTON, May 5 (UP).—
Administration and Congressional
leaders were cautious tonight in
discussing the Mexican note reject
ing the American proposal for ar
bitration of the 2G-months-old oil
controversy.
OAKLAND, May 5 (UP).—Bar
bara Kissack, 19, died of carbon
monoxide poisoning today in an al
leged suicide pact from which her
former husband "backed out" as the
deadly poison fumes reached him,
police disclosed tonight.
WASHINGTON, May 5 (UP).—
Administration and Congressional
leaders were cautious tonight in
discussing the Mexican note reject
ing the American proposal for ar
bitration of the 2G-months-old oil
controversy.
OAKLAND, May 5 (UP).—Bar
bara Kissack, 19, died of carbon
monoxide poisoning today in an al
leged suicide pact from which her
former husband "backed out" as the
deadly poison fumes reached him,
police disclosed tonight.
WASHINGTON, May 5 (UP).—
Administration and Congressional
leaders were cautious tonight in
discussing the Mexican note reject
ing the American proposal for ar
bitration of the 2G-months-old oil
controversy.
OAKLAND, May 5 (UP).—Bar
bara Kissack, 19, died of carbon
monoxide poisoning today in an al
leged suicide pact from which her
former husband "backed out" as the
deadly poison fumes reached him,
police disclosed tonight.
WASHINGTON, May 5 (UP).—
Administration and Congressional
leaders were cautious tonight in
discussing the Mexican note reject
ing the American proposal for ar
bitration of the 2G-months-old oil
controversy.
OAKLAND, May 5 (UP).—Bar
bara Kissack, 19, died of carbon
monoxide poisoning today in an al
leged suicide pact from which her
former husband "backed out" as the
deadly poison fumes reached him,
police disclosed tonight.
WASHINGTON, May 5 (UP).—
Administration and Congressional
leaders were cautious tonight in
discussing the Mexican note reject
ing the American proposal for ar
bitration of the 2G-months-old oil
controversy.
OAKLAND, May 5 (UP).—Bar
bara Kissack, 19, died of carbon
monoxide poisoning today in an al
leged suicide pact from which her
former husband "backed out" as the
deadly poison fumes reached him,
police disclosed tonight.
WASHINGTON, May 5 (UP).—
Administration and Congressional
leaders were cautious tonight in
discussing the Mexican note reject
ing the American proposal for ar
bitration of the 2G-months-old oil
controversy.
OAKLAND, May 5 (UP).—Bar
bara Kissack, 19, died of carbon
monoxide poisoning today in an al
leged suicide pact from which her
former husband "backed out" as the
deadly poison fumes reached him,
police disclosed tonight.
WASHINGTON, May 5 (UP).—
Administration and Congressional
leaders were cautious tonight in
discussing the Mexican note reject
ing the American proposal for ar
bitration of the 2G-months-old oil
controversy.
OAKLAND, May 5 (UP).—Bar
bara Kissack, 19, died of carbon
monoxide poisoning today in an al
leged suicide pact from which her
former husband "backed out" as the
deadly poison fumes reached him,
police disclosed tonight.
WASHINGTON, May 5 (UP).—
Administration and Congressional
leaders were cautious tonight in
discussing the Mexican note reject
ing the American proposal for ar
bitration of the 2G-months-old oil
controversy.
OAKLAND, May 5 (UP).—Bar
bara Kissack, 19, died of carbon
monoxide poisoning today in an al
leged suicide pact from which her
former husband "backed out" as the
deadly poison fumes reached him,
police disclosed tonight.
WASHINGTON, May 5 (UP).—
Administration and Congressional
leaders were cautious tonight in
discussing the Mexican note reject
ing the American proposal for ar
bitration of the 2G-months-old oil
controversy.
OAKLAND, May 5 (UP).—Bar
bara Kissack, 19, died of carbon
monoxide poisoning today in an al
leged suicide pact from which her
former husband "backed out" as the
deadly poison fumes reached him,
police disclosed tonight.
WASHINGTON, May 5 (UP).—
Administration and Congressional
leaders were cautious tonight in
discussing the Mexican note reject
ing the American proposal for ar
bitration of the 2G-months-old oil
controversy.
OAKLAND, May 5 (UP).—Bar
bara Kissack, 19, died of carbon
monoxide poisoning today in an al
leged suicide pact from which her
former husband "backed out" as the
deadly poison fumes reached him,
police disclosed tonight.
WASHINGTON, May 5 (UP).—
Administration and Congressional
leaders were cautious tonight in
discussing the Mexican note reject
ing the American proposal for ar
bitration of the 2G-months-old oil
controversy.
OAKLAND, May 5 (UP).—Bar
bara Kissack, 19, died of carbon
monoxide poisoning today in an al
leged suicide pact from which her
former husband "backed out" as the
deadly poison fumes reached him,
police disclosed tonight.
WASHINGTON, May 5 (UP).—
Administration and Congressional
leaders were cautious tonight in
discussing the Mexican note reject
ing the American proposal for ar
bitration of the 2G-months-old oil
controversy.
OAKLAND, May 5 (UP).—Bar
bara Kissack, 19, died of carbon
monoxide poisoning today in an al
leged suicide pact from which her
former husband "backed out" as the
deadly poison fumes reached him,
police disclosed tonight.
WASHINGTON, May 5 (UP).—
Administration and Congressional
leaders were cautious tonight in
discussing the Mexican note reject
ing the American proposal for ar
bitration of the 2G-months-old oil
controversy.
OAKLAND, May 5 (UP).—Bar
bara Kissack, 19, died of carbon
monoxide poisoning today in an al
leged suicide pact from which her
former husband "backed out" as the
deadly poison fumes reached him,
police disclosed tonight.
WASHINGTON, May 5 (UP).—
Administration and Congressional
leaders were cautious tonight in
discussing the Mexican note reject
ing the American proposal for ar
bitration of the 2G-months-old oil
controversy.
OAKLAND, May 5 (UP).—Bar
bara Kissack, 19, died of carbon
monoxide poisoning today in an al
leged suicide pact from which her
former husband "backed out" as the
deadly poison fumes reached him,
police disclosed tonight.
WASHINGTON, May 5 (UP).—
Administration and Congressional
leaders were cautious tonight in
discussing the Mexican note reject
ing the American proposal for ar
bitration of the 2G-months-old oil
controversy.
