# GOVERNOR KISSES A QUEEN
## 
### 

WHEN GOVERNOR Clarence D. Martin of Washington, who drove the
engine of a beauty train, arrived at Wenatchee to crown Queen Pat
at the apple blososm festival, he simply couldn't resist stealing a
kiss, duplicating his actions at the Puyallup daffodil festival.

WHEN GOVERNOR Clarence D. Martin of Washington, who drove the
engine of a beauty train, arrived at Wenatchee to crown Queen Pat
at the apple blososm festival, he simply couldn't resist stealing a
kiss, duplicating his actions at the Puyallup daffodil festival.

WHEN GOVERNOR Clarence D. Martin of Washington, who drove the
engine of a beauty train, arrived at Wenatchee to crown Queen Pat
at the apple blososm festival, he simply couldn't resist stealing a
kiss, duplicating his actions at the Puyallup daffodil festival.

WHEN GOVERNOR Clarence D. Martin of Washington, who drove the
engine of a beauty train, arrived at Wenatchee to crown Queen Pat
at the apple blososm festival, he simply couldn't resist stealing a
kiss, duplicating his actions at the Puyallup daffodil festival.

WHEN GOVERNOR Clarence D. Martin of Washington, who drove the
engine of a beauty train, arrived at Wenatchee to crown Queen Pat
at the apple blososm festival, he simply couldn't resist stealing a
kiss, duplicating his actions at the Puyallup daffodil festival.

WHEN GOVERNOR Clarence D. Martin of Washington, who drove the
engine of a beauty train, arrived at Wenatchee to crown Queen Pat
at the apple blososm festival, he simply couldn't resist stealing a
kiss, duplicating his actions at the Puyallup daffodil festival.

WHEN GOVERNOR Clarence D. Martin of Washington, who drove the
engine of a beauty train, arrived at Wenatchee to crown Queen Pat
at the apple blososm festival, he simply couldn't resist stealing a
kiss, duplicating his actions at the Puyallup daffodil festival.

WHEN GOVERNOR Clarence D. Martin of Washington, who drove the
engine of a beauty train, arrived at Wenatchee to crown Queen Pat
at the apple blososm festival, he simply couldn't resist stealing a
kiss, duplicating his actions at the Puyallup daffodil festival.

WHEN GOVERNOR Clarence D. Martin of Washington, who drove the
engine of a beauty train, arrived at Wenatchee to crown Queen Pat
at the apple blososm festival, he simply couldn't resist stealing a
kiss, duplicating his actions at the Puyallup daffodil festival.

WHEN GOVERNOR Clarence D. Martin of Washington, who drove the
engine of a beauty train, arrived at Wenatchee to crown Queen Pat
at the apple blososm festival, he simply couldn't resist stealing a
kiss, duplicating his actions at the Puyallup daffodil festival.

WHEN GOVERNOR Clarence D. Martin of Washington, who drove the
engine of a beauty train, arrived at Wenatchee to crown Queen Pat
at the apple blososm festival, he simply couldn't resist stealing a
kiss, duplicating his actions at the Puyallup daffodil festival.

WHEN GOVERNOR Clarence D. Martin of Washington, who drove the
engine of a beauty train, arrived at Wenatchee to crown Queen Pat
at the apple blososm festival, he simply couldn't resist stealing a
kiss, duplicating his actions at the Puyallup daffodil festival.

WHEN GOVERNOR Clarence D. Martin of Washington, who drove the
engine of a beauty train, arrived at Wenatchee to crown Queen Pat
at the apple blososm festival, he simply couldn't resist stealing a
kiss, duplicating his actions at the Puyallup daffodil festival.

WHEN GOVERNOR Clarence D. Martin of Washington, who drove the
engine of a beauty train, arrived at Wenatchee to crown Queen Pat
at the apple blososm festival, he simply couldn't resist stealing a
kiss, duplicating his actions at the Puyallup daffodil festival.

WHEN GOVERNOR Clarence D. Martin of Washington, who drove the
engine of a beauty train, arrived at Wenatchee to crown Queen Pat
at the apple blososm festival, he simply couldn't resist stealing a
kiss, duplicating his actions at the Puyallup daffodil festival.

WHEN GOVERNOR Clarence D. Martin of Washington, who drove the
engine of a beauty train, arrived at Wenatchee to crown Queen Pat
at the apple blososm festival, he simply couldn't resist stealing a
kiss, duplicating his actions at the Puyallup daffodil festival.

WHEN GOVERNOR Clarence D. Martin of Washington, who drove the
engine of a beauty train, arrived at Wenatchee to crown Queen Pat
at the apple blososm festival, he simply couldn't resist stealing a
kiss, duplicating his actions at the Puyallup daffodil festival.
