# GLEE CLUB TO HOLD ADDITIONAL TRYOUTS
## 
### 
A second period of tryouts will
be held for those who desire to
enter the Glee Club next year in
| the Engineering Building, room
i 2GOC, tonight at. 7:15 o'clock.
According to Manager Adalbert.
Culling, singers, an accompanist,
and specialty mm are needed. Men
I who try out. now will he given
preference next fall for special
trips and tours undertaken by the
CI lee Club.
A second period of tryouts will
be held for those who desire to
enter the Glee Club next year in
| the Engineering Building, room
i 2GOC, tonight at. 7:15 o'clock.
According to Manager Adalbert.
Culling, singers, an accompanist,
and specialty mm are needed. Men
I who try out. now will he given
preference next fall for special
trips and tours undertaken by the
CI lee Club.
A second period of tryouts will
be held for those who desire to
enter the Glee Club next year in
| the Engineering Building, room
i 2GOC, tonight at. 7:15 o'clock.
According to Manager Adalbert.
Culling, singers, an accompanist,
and specialty mm are needed. Men
I who try out. now will he given
preference next fall for special
trips and tours undertaken by the
CI lee Club.
A second period of tryouts will
be held for those who desire to
enter the Glee Club next year in
| the Engineering Building, room
i 2GOC, tonight at. 7:15 o'clock.
According to Manager Adalbert.
Culling, singers, an accompanist,
and specialty mm are needed. Men
I who try out. now will he given
preference next fall for special
trips and tours undertaken by the
CI lee Club.
A second period of tryouts will
be held for those who desire to
enter the Glee Club next year in
| the Engineering Building, room
i 2GOC, tonight at. 7:15 o'clock.
According to Manager Adalbert.
Culling, singers, an accompanist,
and specialty mm are needed. Men
I who try out. now will he given
preference next fall for special
trips and tours undertaken by the
CI lee Club.
A second period of tryouts will
be held for those who desire to
enter the Glee Club next year in
| the Engineering Building, room
i 2GOC, tonight at. 7:15 o'clock.
According to Manager Adalbert.
Culling, singers, an accompanist,
and specialty mm are needed. Men
I who try out. now will he given
preference next fall for special
trips and tours undertaken by the
CI lee Club.
A second period of tryouts will
be held for those who desire to
enter the Glee Club next year in
| the Engineering Building, room
i 2GOC, tonight at. 7:15 o'clock.
According to Manager Adalbert.
Culling, singers, an accompanist,
and specialty mm are needed. Men
I who try out. now will he given
preference next fall for special
trips and tours undertaken by the
CI lee Club.
A second period of tryouts will
be held for those who desire to
enter the Glee Club next year in
| the Engineering Building, room
i 2GOC, tonight at. 7:15 o'clock.
According to Manager Adalbert.
Culling, singers, an accompanist,
and specialty mm are needed. Men
I who try out. now will he given
preference next fall for special
trips and tours undertaken by the
CI lee Club.
A second period of tryouts will
be held for those who desire to
enter the Glee Club next year in
| the Engineering Building, room
i 2GOC, tonight at. 7:15 o'clock.
According to Manager Adalbert.
Culling, singers, an accompanist,
and specialty mm are needed. Men
I who try out. now will he given
preference next fall for special
trips and tours undertaken by the
CI lee Club.
A second period of tryouts will
be held for those who desire to
enter the Glee Club next year in
| the Engineering Building, room
i 2GOC, tonight at. 7:15 o'clock.
According to Manager Adalbert.
Culling, singers, an accompanist,
and specialty mm are needed. Men
I who try out. now will he given
preference next fall for special
trips and tours undertaken by the
CI lee Club.
A second period of tryouts will
be held for those who desire to
enter the Glee Club next year in
| the Engineering Building, room
i 2GOC, tonight at. 7:15 o'clock.
According to Manager Adalbert.
Culling, singers, an accompanist,
and specialty mm are needed. Men
I who try out. now will he given
preference next fall for special
trips and tours undertaken by the
CI lee Club.
A second period of tryouts will
be held for those who desire to
enter the Glee Club next year in
| the Engineering Building, room
i 2GOC, tonight at. 7:15 o'clock.
According to Manager Adalbert.
Culling, singers, an accompanist,
and specialty mm are needed. Men
I who try out. now will he given
preference next fall for special
trips and tours undertaken by the
CI lee Club.
A second period of tryouts will
be held for those who desire to
enter the Glee Club next year in
| the Engineering Building, room
i 2GOC, tonight at. 7:15 o'clock.
According to Manager Adalbert.
Culling, singers, an accompanist,
and specialty mm are needed. Men
I who try out. now will he given
preference next fall for special
trips and tours undertaken by the
CI lee Club.
A second period of tryouts will
be held for those who desire to
enter the Glee Club next year in
| the Engineering Building, room
i 2GOC, tonight at. 7:15 o'clock.
According to Manager Adalbert.
Culling, singers, an accompanist,
and specialty mm are needed. Men
I who try out. now will he given
preference next fall for special
trips and tours undertaken by the
CI lee Club.
