# Indoor Soccer Schedule Includes Twelve Games
## 
### 
A schedule of twelve indoor soccer
games which are to be played under
the auspices of the California Foot
ball League, beginning the third week
in September, is now being prepared.
Ten of the games, which will bo run
off two in an evening, will be played
in Encina gymnasium. The other two
games will be staged at the Olympic
Club, and at the University of Cali
fornia. The California Football
League will award a trophy cup to the
league winner.
A schedule of twelve indoor soccer
games which are to be played under
the auspices of the California Foot
ball League, beginning the third week
in September, is now being prepared.
Ten of the games, which will bo run
off two in an evening, will be played
in Encina gymnasium. The other two
games will be staged at the Olympic
Club, and at the University of Cali
fornia. The California Football
League will award a trophy cup to the
league winner.
A schedule of twelve indoor soccer
games which are to be played under
the auspices of the California Foot
ball League, beginning the third week
in September, is now being prepared.
Ten of the games, which will bo run
off two in an evening, will be played
in Encina gymnasium. The other two
games will be staged at the Olympic
Club, and at the University of Cali
fornia. The California Football
League will award a trophy cup to the
league winner.
A schedule of twelve indoor soccer
games which are to be played under
the auspices of the California Foot
ball League, beginning the third week
in September, is now being prepared.
Ten of the games, which will bo run
off two in an evening, will be played
in Encina gymnasium. The other two
games will be staged at the Olympic
Club, and at the University of Cali
fornia. The California Football
League will award a trophy cup to the
league winner.
A schedule of twelve indoor soccer
games which are to be played under
the auspices of the California Foot
ball League, beginning the third week
in September, is now being prepared.
Ten of the games, which will bo run
off two in an evening, will be played
in Encina gymnasium. The other two
games will be staged at the Olympic
Club, and at the University of Cali
fornia. The California Football
League will award a trophy cup to the
league winner.
A schedule of twelve indoor soccer
games which are to be played under
the auspices of the California Foot
ball League, beginning the third week
in September, is now being prepared.
Ten of the games, which will bo run
off two in an evening, will be played
in Encina gymnasium. The other two
games will be staged at the Olympic
Club, and at the University of Cali
fornia. The California Football
League will award a trophy cup to the
league winner.
A schedule of twelve indoor soccer
games which are to be played under
the auspices of the California Foot
ball League, beginning the third week
in September, is now being prepared.
Ten of the games, which will bo run
off two in an evening, will be played
in Encina gymnasium. The other two
games will be staged at the Olympic
Club, and at the University of Cali
fornia. The California Football
League will award a trophy cup to the
league winner.
A schedule of twelve indoor soccer
games which are to be played under
the auspices of the California Foot
ball League, beginning the third week
in September, is now being prepared.
Ten of the games, which will bo run
off two in an evening, will be played
in Encina gymnasium. The other two
games will be staged at the Olympic
Club, and at the University of Cali
fornia. The California Football
League will award a trophy cup to the
league winner.
A schedule of twelve indoor soccer
games which are to be played under
the auspices of the California Foot
ball League, beginning the third week
in September, is now being prepared.
Ten of the games, which will bo run
off two in an evening, will be played
in Encina gymnasium. The other two
games will be staged at the Olympic
Club, and at the University of Cali
fornia. The California Football
League will award a trophy cup to the
league winner.
A schedule of twelve indoor soccer
games which are to be played under
the auspices of the California Foot
ball League, beginning the third week
in September, is now being prepared.
Ten of the games, which will bo run
off two in an evening, will be played
in Encina gymnasium. The other two
games will be staged at the Olympic
Club, and at the University of Cali
fornia. The California Football
League will award a trophy cup to the
league winner.
A schedule of twelve indoor soccer
games which are to be played under
the auspices of the California Foot
ball League, beginning the third week
in September, is now being prepared.
Ten of the games, which will bo run
off two in an evening, will be played
in Encina gymnasium. The other two
games will be staged at the Olympic
Club, and at the University of Cali
fornia. The California Football
League will award a trophy cup to the
league winner.
A schedule of twelve indoor soccer
games which are to be played under
the auspices of the California Foot
ball League, beginning the third week
in September, is now being prepared.
Ten of the games, which will bo run
off two in an evening, will be played
in Encina gymnasium. The other two
games will be staged at the Olympic
Club, and at the University of Cali
fornia. The California Football
League will award a trophy cup to the
league winner.
A schedule of twelve indoor soccer
games which are to be played under
the auspices of the California Foot
ball League, beginning the third week
in September, is now being prepared.
Ten of the games, which will bo run
off two in an evening, will be played
in Encina gymnasium. The other two
games will be staged at the Olympic
Club, and at the University of Cali
fornia. The California Football
League will award a trophy cup to the
league winner.
A schedule of twelve indoor soccer
games which are to be played under
the auspices of the California Foot
ball League, beginning the third week
in September, is now being prepared.
Ten of the games, which will bo run
off two in an evening, will be played
in Encina gymnasium. The other two
games will be staged at the Olympic
Club, and at the University of Cali
fornia. The California Football
League will award a trophy cup to the
league winner.
