# World Federalism
## 
### 
SACRAMENTO — California's
Legislative Assembly joined the
Senate today in voting that it would
be inadvisable for the United States
to consider participation in a world
government.
The Assembly voted 42 to 33 to
repeal a resolution it adopted unan
imously last year. The resolution
added California's name to the list
of states asking Congress to call a
constitutional convention at which
world federalism would be consid
ered.
SACRAMENTO — California's
Legislative Assembly joined the
Senate today in voting that it would
be inadvisable for the United States
to consider participation in a world
government.
The Assembly voted 42 to 33 to
repeal a resolution it adopted unan
imously last year. The resolution
added California's name to the list
of states asking Congress to call a
constitutional convention at which
world federalism would be consid
ered.
SACRAMENTO — California's
Legislative Assembly joined the
Senate today in voting that it would
be inadvisable for the United States
to consider participation in a world
government.
The Assembly voted 42 to 33 to
repeal a resolution it adopted unan
imously last year. The resolution
added California's name to the list
of states asking Congress to call a
constitutional convention at which
world federalism would be consid
ered.
SACRAMENTO — California's
Legislative Assembly joined the
Senate today in voting that it would
be inadvisable for the United States
to consider participation in a world
government.
The Assembly voted 42 to 33 to
repeal a resolution it adopted unan
imously last year. The resolution
added California's name to the list
of states asking Congress to call a
constitutional convention at which
world federalism would be consid
ered.
SACRAMENTO — California's
Legislative Assembly joined the
Senate today in voting that it would
be inadvisable for the United States
to consider participation in a world
government.
The Assembly voted 42 to 33 to
repeal a resolution it adopted unan
imously last year. The resolution
added California's name to the list
of states asking Congress to call a
constitutional convention at which
world federalism would be consid
ered.
SACRAMENTO — California's
Legislative Assembly joined the
Senate today in voting that it would
be inadvisable for the United States
to consider participation in a world
government.
The Assembly voted 42 to 33 to
repeal a resolution it adopted unan
imously last year. The resolution
added California's name to the list
of states asking Congress to call a
constitutional convention at which
world federalism would be consid
ered.
SACRAMENTO — California's
Legislative Assembly joined the
Senate today in voting that it would
be inadvisable for the United States
to consider participation in a world
government.
The Assembly voted 42 to 33 to
repeal a resolution it adopted unan
imously last year. The resolution
added California's name to the list
of states asking Congress to call a
constitutional convention at which
world federalism would be consid
ered.
SACRAMENTO — California's
Legislative Assembly joined the
Senate today in voting that it would
be inadvisable for the United States
to consider participation in a world
government.
The Assembly voted 42 to 33 to
repeal a resolution it adopted unan
imously last year. The resolution
added California's name to the list
of states asking Congress to call a
constitutional convention at which
world federalism would be consid
ered.
SACRAMENTO — California's
Legislative Assembly joined the
Senate today in voting that it would
be inadvisable for the United States
to consider participation in a world
government.
The Assembly voted 42 to 33 to
repeal a resolution it adopted unan
imously last year. The resolution
added California's name to the list
of states asking Congress to call a
constitutional convention at which
world federalism would be consid
ered.
SACRAMENTO — California's
Legislative Assembly joined the
Senate today in voting that it would
be inadvisable for the United States
to consider participation in a world
government.
The Assembly voted 42 to 33 to
repeal a resolution it adopted unan
imously last year. The resolution
added California's name to the list
of states asking Congress to call a
constitutional convention at which
world federalism would be consid
ered.
SACRAMENTO — California's
Legislative Assembly joined the
Senate today in voting that it would
be inadvisable for the United States
to consider participation in a world
government.
The Assembly voted 42 to 33 to
repeal a resolution it adopted unan
imously last year. The resolution
added California's name to the list
of states asking Congress to call a
constitutional convention at which
world federalism would be consid
ered.
SACRAMENTO — California's
Legislative Assembly joined the
Senate today in voting that it would
be inadvisable for the United States
to consider participation in a world
government.
The Assembly voted 42 to 33 to
repeal a resolution it adopted unan
imously last year. The resolution
added California's name to the list
of states asking Congress to call a
constitutional convention at which
world federalism would be consid
ered.
SACRAMENTO — California's
Legislative Assembly joined the
Senate today in voting that it would
be inadvisable for the United States
to consider participation in a world
government.
The Assembly voted 42 to 33 to
repeal a resolution it adopted unan
imously last year. The resolution
added California's name to the list
of states asking Congress to call a
constitutional convention at which
world federalism would be consid
ered.
SACRAMENTO — California's
Legislative Assembly joined the
Senate today in voting that it would
be inadvisable for the United States
to consider participation in a world
government.
The Assembly voted 42 to 33 to
repeal a resolution it adopted unan
imously last year. The resolution
added California's name to the list
of states asking Congress to call a
constitutional convention at which
world federalism would be consid
ered.
