# CREW TRIP IS CALLED OFF.
## Oarsmen Who Were To Go South and Row Thanksgiving Day Give Up Plans. 
### 
It was learned thus afternoon that
some of the members of the four
oared crew which had been gotten
together to row as the Lagunita crew
would be unable to take the proposed
trip south on account of the press
of college work. The original in
tention was to go south tomorow and
row at Naples on Thanksgiving day
against two crews from Southern Cal
ifornia and one from San Francisco.
Owing to the feeling among the men
who hoped to go that it would be un
wise for them to take the trip, the
journey and contest were abandoned.
It was learned thus afternoon that
some of the members of the four
oared crew which had been gotten
together to row as the Lagunita crew
would be unable to take the proposed
trip south on account of the press
of college work. The original in
tention was to go south tomorow and
row at Naples on Thanksgiving day
against two crews from Southern Cal
ifornia and one from San Francisco.
Owing to the feeling among the men
who hoped to go that it would be un
wise for them to take the trip, the
journey and contest were abandoned.
It was learned thus afternoon that
some of the members of the four
oared crew which had been gotten
together to row as the Lagunita crew
would be unable to take the proposed
trip south on account of the press
of college work. The original in
tention was to go south tomorow and
row at Naples on Thanksgiving day
against two crews from Southern Cal
ifornia and one from San Francisco.
Owing to the feeling among the men
who hoped to go that it would be un
wise for them to take the trip, the
journey and contest were abandoned.
It was learned thus afternoon that
some of the members of the four
oared crew which had been gotten
together to row as the Lagunita crew
would be unable to take the proposed
trip south on account of the press
of college work. The original in
tention was to go south tomorow and
row at Naples on Thanksgiving day
against two crews from Southern Cal
ifornia and one from San Francisco.
Owing to the feeling among the men
who hoped to go that it would be un
wise for them to take the trip, the
journey and contest were abandoned.
It was learned thus afternoon that
some of the members of the four
oared crew which had been gotten
together to row as the Lagunita crew
would be unable to take the proposed
trip south on account of the press
of college work. The original in
tention was to go south tomorow and
row at Naples on Thanksgiving day
against two crews from Southern Cal
ifornia and one from San Francisco.
Owing to the feeling among the men
who hoped to go that it would be un
wise for them to take the trip, the
journey and contest were abandoned.
It was learned thus afternoon that
some of the members of the four
oared crew which had been gotten
together to row as the Lagunita crew
would be unable to take the proposed
trip south on account of the press
of college work. The original in
tention was to go south tomorow and
row at Naples on Thanksgiving day
against two crews from Southern Cal
ifornia and one from San Francisco.
Owing to the feeling among the men
who hoped to go that it would be un
wise for them to take the trip, the
journey and contest were abandoned.
It was learned thus afternoon that
some of the members of the four
oared crew which had been gotten
together to row as the Lagunita crew
would be unable to take the proposed
trip south on account of the press
of college work. The original in
tention was to go south tomorow and
row at Naples on Thanksgiving day
against two crews from Southern Cal
ifornia and one from San Francisco.
Owing to the feeling among the men
who hoped to go that it would be un
wise for them to take the trip, the
journey and contest were abandoned.
It was learned thus afternoon that
some of the members of the four
oared crew which had been gotten
together to row as the Lagunita crew
would be unable to take the proposed
trip south on account of the press
of college work. The original in
tention was to go south tomorow and
row at Naples on Thanksgiving day
against two crews from Southern Cal
ifornia and one from San Francisco.
Owing to the feeling among the men
who hoped to go that it would be un
wise for them to take the trip, the
journey and contest were abandoned.
It was learned thus afternoon that
some of the members of the four
oared crew which had been gotten
together to row as the Lagunita crew
would be unable to take the proposed
trip south on account of the press
of college work. The original in
tention was to go south tomorow and
row at Naples on Thanksgiving day
against two crews from Southern Cal
ifornia and one from San Francisco.
Owing to the feeling among the men
who hoped to go that it would be un
wise for them to take the trip, the
journey and contest were abandoned.
It was learned thus afternoon that
some of the members of the four
oared crew which had been gotten
together to row as the Lagunita crew
would be unable to take the proposed
trip south on account of the press
of college work. The original in
tention was to go south tomorow and
row at Naples on Thanksgiving day
against two crews from Southern Cal
ifornia and one from San Francisco.
Owing to the feeling among the men
who hoped to go that it would be un
wise for them to take the trip, the
journey and contest were abandoned.
