# Daily Sports
## 
### 
YIC IJNDSKOG, former Stan
ford center on the 1!)41 Rose BowT
team and more recently line coach
on the Farm as well a$ boxing
coach, has signed with the Phila
delphia Eagles of the National Pro
fessional League to play football
in l!)-< 6.
Lindskog played for the Eagles
last year hut was slated to return
to coaching. lie bad intended to
join the coaching staff of the Uni
versity of Maryland.

YIC IJNDSKOG, former Stan
ford center on the 1!)41 Rose BowT
team and more recently line coach
on the Farm as well a$ boxing
coach, has signed with the Phila
delphia Eagles of the National Pro
fessional League to play football
in l!)-< 6.
Lindskog played for the Eagles
last year hut was slated to return
to coaching. lie bad intended to
join the coaching staff of the Uni
versity of Maryland.

YIC IJNDSKOG, former Stan
ford center on the 1!)41 Rose BowT
team and more recently line coach
on the Farm as well a$ boxing
coach, has signed with the Phila
delphia Eagles of the National Pro
fessional League to play football
in l!)-< 6.
Lindskog played for the Eagles
last year hut was slated to return
to coaching. lie bad intended to
join the coaching staff of the Uni
versity of Maryland.

YIC IJNDSKOG, former Stan
ford center on the 1!)41 Rose BowT
team and more recently line coach
on the Farm as well a$ boxing
coach, has signed with the Phila
delphia Eagles of the National Pro
fessional League to play football
in l!)-< 6.
Lindskog played for the Eagles
last year hut was slated to return
to coaching. lie bad intended to
join the coaching staff of the Uni
versity of Maryland.

YIC IJNDSKOG, former Stan
ford center on the 1!)41 Rose BowT
team and more recently line coach
on the Farm as well a$ boxing
coach, has signed with the Phila
delphia Eagles of the National Pro
fessional League to play football
in l!)-< 6.
Lindskog played for the Eagles
last year hut was slated to return
to coaching. lie bad intended to
join the coaching staff of the Uni
versity of Maryland.

YIC IJNDSKOG, former Stan
ford center on the 1!)41 Rose BowT
team and more recently line coach
on the Farm as well a$ boxing
coach, has signed with the Phila
delphia Eagles of the National Pro
fessional League to play football
in l!)-< 6.
Lindskog played for the Eagles
last year hut was slated to return
to coaching. lie bad intended to
join the coaching staff of the Uni
versity of Maryland.

YIC IJNDSKOG, former Stan
ford center on the 1!)41 Rose BowT
team and more recently line coach
on the Farm as well a$ boxing
coach, has signed with the Phila
delphia Eagles of the National Pro
fessional League to play football
in l!)-< 6.
Lindskog played for the Eagles
last year hut was slated to return
to coaching. lie bad intended to
join the coaching staff of the Uni
versity of Maryland.

YIC IJNDSKOG, former Stan
ford center on the 1!)41 Rose BowT
team and more recently line coach
on the Farm as well a$ boxing
coach, has signed with the Phila
delphia Eagles of the National Pro
fessional League to play football
in l!)-< 6.
Lindskog played for the Eagles
last year hut was slated to return
to coaching. lie bad intended to
join the coaching staff of the Uni
versity of Maryland.

YIC IJNDSKOG, former Stan
ford center on the 1!)41 Rose BowT
team and more recently line coach
on the Farm as well a$ boxing
coach, has signed with the Phila
delphia Eagles of the National Pro
fessional League to play football
in l!)-< 6.
Lindskog played for the Eagles
last year hut was slated to return
to coaching. lie bad intended to
join the coaching staff of the Uni
versity of Maryland.

YIC IJNDSKOG, former Stan
ford center on the 1!)41 Rose BowT
team and more recently line coach
on the Farm as well a$ boxing
coach, has signed with the Phila
delphia Eagles of the National Pro
fessional League to play football
in l!)-< 6.
Lindskog played for the Eagles
last year hut was slated to return
to coaching. lie bad intended to
join the coaching staff of the Uni
versity of Maryland.

YIC IJNDSKOG, former Stan
ford center on the 1!)41 Rose BowT
team and more recently line coach
on the Farm as well a$ boxing
coach, has signed with the Phila
delphia Eagles of the National Pro
fessional League to play football
in l!)-< 6.
Lindskog played for the Eagles
last year hut was slated to return
to coaching. lie bad intended to
join the coaching staff of the Uni
versity of Maryland.

YIC IJNDSKOG, former Stan
ford center on the 1!)41 Rose BowT
team and more recently line coach
on the Farm as well a$ boxing
coach, has signed with the Phila
delphia Eagles of the National Pro
fessional League to play football
in l!)-< 6.
Lindskog played for the Eagles
last year hut was slated to return
to coaching. lie bad intended to
join the coaching staff of the Uni
versity of Maryland.

YIC IJNDSKOG, former Stan
ford center on the 1!)41 Rose BowT
team and more recently line coach
on the Farm as well a$ boxing
coach, has signed with the Phila
delphia Eagles of the National Pro
fessional League to play football
in l!)-< 6.
Lindskog played for the Eagles
last year hut was slated to return
to coaching. lie bad intended to
join the coaching staff of the Uni
versity of Maryland.

YIC IJNDSKOG, former Stan
ford center on the 1!)41 Rose BowT
team and more recently line coach
on the Farm as well a$ boxing
coach, has signed with the Phila
delphia Eagles of the National Pro
fessional League to play football
in l!)-< 6.
Lindskog played for the Eagles
last year hut was slated to return
to coaching. lie bad intended to
join the coaching staff of the Uni
versity of Maryland.

YIC IJNDSKOG, former Stan
ford center on the 1!)41 Rose BowT
team and more recently line coach
on the Farm as well a$ boxing
coach, has signed with the Phila
delphia Eagles of the National Pro
fessional League to play football
in l!)-< 6.
Lindskog played for the Eagles
last year hut was slated to return
to coaching. lie bad intended to
join the coaching staff of the Uni
versity of Maryland.

