# Dibble Name Decision To Be Made Nert Week
## 
### 
Final decision on the Daily's
Name Dibble contest will be made
early next week, after the judges
finish considering the 250 entries.
Jackie Boucher, contest editor, an
nounced.
Judged for the contest are David
Jacobson, executive assistant to the
President; Clifford Weigle, profes
sor in the Division of Journalism;
Oren Stephens, University director
of information; Bob Collins, and
Paul Berg.
Final decision on the Daily's
Name Dibble contest will be made
early next week, after the judges
finish considering the 250 entries.
Jackie Boucher, contest editor, an
nounced.
Judged for the contest are David
Jacobson, executive assistant to the
President; Clifford Weigle, profes
sor in the Division of Journalism;
Oren Stephens, University director
of information; Bob Collins, and
Paul Berg.
Final decision on the Daily's
Name Dibble contest will be made
early next week, after the judges
finish considering the 250 entries.
Jackie Boucher, contest editor, an
nounced.
Judged for the contest are David
Jacobson, executive assistant to the
President; Clifford Weigle, profes
sor in the Division of Journalism;
Oren Stephens, University director
of information; Bob Collins, and
Paul Berg.
Final decision on the Daily's
Name Dibble contest will be made
early next week, after the judges
finish considering the 250 entries.
Jackie Boucher, contest editor, an
nounced.
Judged for the contest are David
Jacobson, executive assistant to the
President; Clifford Weigle, profes
sor in the Division of Journalism;
Oren Stephens, University director
of information; Bob Collins, and
Paul Berg.
Final decision on the Daily's
Name Dibble contest will be made
early next week, after the judges
finish considering the 250 entries.
Jackie Boucher, contest editor, an
nounced.
Judged for the contest are David
Jacobson, executive assistant to the
President; Clifford Weigle, profes
sor in the Division of Journalism;
Oren Stephens, University director
of information; Bob Collins, and
Paul Berg.
Final decision on the Daily's
Name Dibble contest will be made
early next week, after the judges
finish considering the 250 entries.
Jackie Boucher, contest editor, an
nounced.
Judged for the contest are David
Jacobson, executive assistant to the
President; Clifford Weigle, profes
sor in the Division of Journalism;
Oren Stephens, University director
of information; Bob Collins, and
Paul Berg.
Final decision on the Daily's
Name Dibble contest will be made
early next week, after the judges
finish considering the 250 entries.
Jackie Boucher, contest editor, an
nounced.
Judged for the contest are David
Jacobson, executive assistant to the
President; Clifford Weigle, profes
sor in the Division of Journalism;
Oren Stephens, University director
of information; Bob Collins, and
Paul Berg.
Final decision on the Daily's
Name Dibble contest will be made
early next week, after the judges
finish considering the 250 entries.
Jackie Boucher, contest editor, an
nounced.
Judged for the contest are David
Jacobson, executive assistant to the
President; Clifford Weigle, profes
sor in the Division of Journalism;
Oren Stephens, University director
of information; Bob Collins, and
Paul Berg.
Final decision on the Daily's
Name Dibble contest will be made
early next week, after the judges
finish considering the 250 entries.
Jackie Boucher, contest editor, an
nounced.
Judged for the contest are David
Jacobson, executive assistant to the
President; Clifford Weigle, profes
sor in the Division of Journalism;
Oren Stephens, University director
of information; Bob Collins, and
Paul Berg.
Final decision on the Daily's
Name Dibble contest will be made
early next week, after the judges
finish considering the 250 entries.
Jackie Boucher, contest editor, an
nounced.
Judged for the contest are David
Jacobson, executive assistant to the
President; Clifford Weigle, profes
sor in the Division of Journalism;
Oren Stephens, University director
of information; Bob Collins, and
Paul Berg.
Final decision on the Daily's
Name Dibble contest will be made
early next week, after the judges
finish considering the 250 entries.
Jackie Boucher, contest editor, an
nounced.
Judged for the contest are David
Jacobson, executive assistant to the
President; Clifford Weigle, profes
sor in the Division of Journalism;
Oren Stephens, University director
of information; Bob Collins, and
Paul Berg.
Final decision on the Daily's
Name Dibble contest will be made
early next week, after the judges
finish considering the 250 entries.
Jackie Boucher, contest editor, an
nounced.
Judged for the contest are David
Jacobson, executive assistant to the
President; Clifford Weigle, profes
sor in the Division of Journalism;
Oren Stephens, University director
of information; Bob Collins, and
Paul Berg.
Final decision on the Daily's
Name Dibble contest will be made
early next week, after the judges
finish considering the 250 entries.
Jackie Boucher, contest editor, an
nounced.
Judged for the contest are David
Jacobson, executive assistant to the
President; Clifford Weigle, profes
sor in the Division of Journalism;
Oren Stephens, University director
of information; Bob Collins, and
Paul Berg.
Final decision on the Daily's
Name Dibble contest will be made
early next week, after the judges
finish considering the 250 entries.
Jackie Boucher, contest editor, an
nounced.
Judged for the contest are David
Jacobson, executive assistant to the
President; Clifford Weigle, profes
sor in the Division of Journalism;
Oren Stephens, University director
of information; Bob Collins, and
Paul Berg.
Final decision on the Daily's
Name Dibble contest will be made
early next week, after the judges
finish considering the 250 entries.
Jackie Boucher, contest editor, an
nounced.
Judged for the contest are David
Jacobson, executive assistant to the
President; Clifford Weigle, profes
sor in the Division of Journalism;
Oren Stephens, University director
of information; Bob Collins, and
Paul Berg.
