# Paul Shoup Memorial Service Held Monday
## 
### 
A bri™f memorial service for Paul
Shoup, 72, a member, of the Stanford
University Board of Trustees since
1923 and retired president of the
Southern Pacific, will be held Mon
day, Aug. 5. at 4 p.m. in Stanford
Memorial Church.
Mr. Shoup passed away late Tues-
Uy in Los Angelas as the result of
nt.trt trouble complicated by a kid
ney ailment. Funeral services were
conducted yesterday at the First
Congregational Church in Los An
geles.
A bri™f memorial service for Paul
Shoup, 72, a member, of the Stanford
University Board of Trustees since
1923 and retired president of the
Southern Pacific, will be held Mon
day, Aug. 5. at 4 p.m. in Stanford
Memorial Church.
Mr. Shoup passed away late Tues-
Uy in Los Angelas as the result of
nt.trt trouble complicated by a kid
ney ailment. Funeral services were
conducted yesterday at the First
Congregational Church in Los An
geles.
A bri™f memorial service for Paul
Shoup, 72, a member, of the Stanford
University Board of Trustees since
1923 and retired president of the
Southern Pacific, will be held Mon
day, Aug. 5. at 4 p.m. in Stanford
Memorial Church.
Mr. Shoup passed away late Tues-
Uy in Los Angelas as the result of
nt.trt trouble complicated by a kid
ney ailment. Funeral services were
conducted yesterday at the First
Congregational Church in Los An
geles.
A bri™f memorial service for Paul
Shoup, 72, a member, of the Stanford
University Board of Trustees since
1923 and retired president of the
Southern Pacific, will be held Mon
day, Aug. 5. at 4 p.m. in Stanford
Memorial Church.
Mr. Shoup passed away late Tues-
Uy in Los Angelas as the result of
nt.trt trouble complicated by a kid
ney ailment. Funeral services were
conducted yesterday at the First
Congregational Church in Los An
geles.
A bri™f memorial service for Paul
Shoup, 72, a member, of the Stanford
University Board of Trustees since
1923 and retired president of the
Southern Pacific, will be held Mon
day, Aug. 5. at 4 p.m. in Stanford
Memorial Church.
Mr. Shoup passed away late Tues-
Uy in Los Angelas as the result of
nt.trt trouble complicated by a kid
ney ailment. Funeral services were
conducted yesterday at the First
Congregational Church in Los An
geles.
A bri™f memorial service for Paul
Shoup, 72, a member, of the Stanford
University Board of Trustees since
1923 and retired president of the
Southern Pacific, will be held Mon
day, Aug. 5. at 4 p.m. in Stanford
Memorial Church.
Mr. Shoup passed away late Tues-
Uy in Los Angelas as the result of
nt.trt trouble complicated by a kid
ney ailment. Funeral services were
conducted yesterday at the First
Congregational Church in Los An
geles.
A bri™f memorial service for Paul
Shoup, 72, a member, of the Stanford
University Board of Trustees since
1923 and retired president of the
Southern Pacific, will be held Mon
day, Aug. 5. at 4 p.m. in Stanford
Memorial Church.
Mr. Shoup passed away late Tues-
Uy in Los Angelas as the result of
nt.trt trouble complicated by a kid
ney ailment. Funeral services were
conducted yesterday at the First
Congregational Church in Los An
geles.
A bri™f memorial service for Paul
Shoup, 72, a member, of the Stanford
University Board of Trustees since
1923 and retired president of the
Southern Pacific, will be held Mon
day, Aug. 5. at 4 p.m. in Stanford
Memorial Church.
Mr. Shoup passed away late Tues-
Uy in Los Angelas as the result of
nt.trt trouble complicated by a kid
ney ailment. Funeral services were
conducted yesterday at the First
Congregational Church in Los An
geles.
A bri™f memorial service for Paul
Shoup, 72, a member, of the Stanford
University Board of Trustees since
1923 and retired president of the
Southern Pacific, will be held Mon
day, Aug. 5. at 4 p.m. in Stanford
Memorial Church.
Mr. Shoup passed away late Tues-
Uy in Los Angelas as the result of
nt.trt trouble complicated by a kid
ney ailment. Funeral services were
conducted yesterday at the First
Congregational Church in Los An
geles.
A bri™f memorial service for Paul
Shoup, 72, a member, of the Stanford
University Board of Trustees since
1923 and retired president of the
Southern Pacific, will be held Mon
day, Aug. 5. at 4 p.m. in Stanford
Memorial Church.
Mr. Shoup passed away late Tues-
Uy in Los Angelas as the result of
nt.trt trouble complicated by a kid
ney ailment. Funeral services were
conducted yesterday at the First
Congregational Church in Los An
geles.
A bri™f memorial service for Paul
Shoup, 72, a member, of the Stanford
University Board of Trustees since
1923 and retired president of the
Southern Pacific, will be held Mon
day, Aug. 5. at 4 p.m. in Stanford
Memorial Church.
Mr. Shoup passed away late Tues-
Uy in Los Angelas as the result of
nt.trt trouble complicated by a kid
ney ailment. Funeral services were
conducted yesterday at the First
Congregational Church in Los An
geles.
A bri™f memorial service for Paul
Shoup, 72, a member, of the Stanford
University Board of Trustees since
1923 and retired president of the
Southern Pacific, will be held Mon
day, Aug. 5. at 4 p.m. in Stanford
Memorial Church.
Mr. Shoup passed away late Tues-
Uy in Los Angelas as the result of
nt.trt trouble complicated by a kid
ney ailment. Funeral services were
conducted yesterday at the First
Congregational Church in Los An
geles.
A bri™f memorial service for Paul
Shoup, 72, a member, of the Stanford
University Board of Trustees since
1923 and retired president of the
Southern Pacific, will be held Mon
day, Aug. 5. at 4 p.m. in Stanford
Memorial Church.
Mr. Shoup passed away late Tues-
Uy in Los Angelas as the result of
nt.trt trouble complicated by a kid
ney ailment. Funeral services were
conducted yesterday at the First
Congregational Church in Los An
geles.
A bri™f memorial service for Paul
Shoup, 72, a member, of the Stanford
University Board of Trustees since
1923 and retired president of the
Southern Pacific, will be held Mon
day, Aug. 5. at 4 p.m. in Stanford
Memorial Church.
Mr. Shoup passed away late Tues-
Uy in Los Angelas as the result of
nt.trt trouble complicated by a kid
ney ailment. Funeral services were
conducted yesterday at the First
Congregational Church in Los An
geles.
A bri™f memorial service for Paul
Shoup, 72, a member, of the Stanford
University Board of Trustees since
1923 and retired president of the
Southern Pacific, will be held Mon
day, Aug. 5. at 4 p.m. in Stanford
Memorial Church.
Mr. Shoup passed away late Tues-
Uy in Los Angelas as the result of
nt.trt trouble complicated by a kid
ney ailment. Funeral services were
conducted yesterday at the First
Congregational Church in Los An
geles.
