# Untitled Article
## 
### 

REHIND BARBED WIRE-Jews arrested In recent raids in Palestine are confined behind
barbed wire at Latrun Detention Camp. Bearded man. 73, was one of first to be arrested.
More than 3,000 Jews are reported in British detention camps in Palestine.

REHIND BARBED WIRE-Jews arrested In recent raids in Palestine are confined behind
barbed wire at Latrun Detention Camp. Bearded man. 73, was one of first to be arrested.
More than 3,000 Jews are reported in British detention camps in Palestine.

REHIND BARBED WIRE-Jews arrested In recent raids in Palestine are confined behind
barbed wire at Latrun Detention Camp. Bearded man. 73, was one of first to be arrested.
More than 3,000 Jews are reported in British detention camps in Palestine.

REHIND BARBED WIRE-Jews arrested In recent raids in Palestine are confined behind
barbed wire at Latrun Detention Camp. Bearded man. 73, was one of first to be arrested.
More than 3,000 Jews are reported in British detention camps in Palestine.

REHIND BARBED WIRE-Jews arrested In recent raids in Palestine are confined behind
barbed wire at Latrun Detention Camp. Bearded man. 73, was one of first to be arrested.
More than 3,000 Jews are reported in British detention camps in Palestine.

REHIND BARBED WIRE-Jews arrested In recent raids in Palestine are confined behind
barbed wire at Latrun Detention Camp. Bearded man. 73, was one of first to be arrested.
More than 3,000 Jews are reported in British detention camps in Palestine.

REHIND BARBED WIRE-Jews arrested In recent raids in Palestine are confined behind
barbed wire at Latrun Detention Camp. Bearded man. 73, was one of first to be arrested.
More than 3,000 Jews are reported in British detention camps in Palestine.

REHIND BARBED WIRE-Jews arrested In recent raids in Palestine are confined behind
barbed wire at Latrun Detention Camp. Bearded man. 73, was one of first to be arrested.
More than 3,000 Jews are reported in British detention camps in Palestine.

REHIND BARBED WIRE-Jews arrested In recent raids in Palestine are confined behind
barbed wire at Latrun Detention Camp. Bearded man. 73, was one of first to be arrested.
More than 3,000 Jews are reported in British detention camps in Palestine.

REHIND BARBED WIRE-Jews arrested In recent raids in Palestine are confined behind
barbed wire at Latrun Detention Camp. Bearded man. 73, was one of first to be arrested.
More than 3,000 Jews are reported in British detention camps in Palestine.

REHIND BARBED WIRE-Jews arrested In recent raids in Palestine are confined behind
barbed wire at Latrun Detention Camp. Bearded man. 73, was one of first to be arrested.
More than 3,000 Jews are reported in British detention camps in Palestine.

REHIND BARBED WIRE-Jews arrested In recent raids in Palestine are confined behind
barbed wire at Latrun Detention Camp. Bearded man. 73, was one of first to be arrested.
More than 3,000 Jews are reported in British detention camps in Palestine.

REHIND BARBED WIRE-Jews arrested In recent raids in Palestine are confined behind
barbed wire at Latrun Detention Camp. Bearded man. 73, was one of first to be arrested.
More than 3,000 Jews are reported in British detention camps in Palestine.

REHIND BARBED WIRE-Jews arrested In recent raids in Palestine are confined behind
barbed wire at Latrun Detention Camp. Bearded man. 73, was one of first to be arrested.
More than 3,000 Jews are reported in British detention camps in Palestine.

REHIND BARBED WIRE-Jews arrested In recent raids in Palestine are confined behind
barbed wire at Latrun Detention Camp. Bearded man. 73, was one of first to be arrested.
More than 3,000 Jews are reported in British detention camps in Palestine.
