# TONIGHT'S MURAL HOOP
## 
### 
Encina HE vs. Forgers, Gym, 7
o'clock.
Business School vs. Dekes, Gym,
S o'clock, to replace a game
between Encina IE and the
Japanese Club, which is post
poned.
Encina 2E vs. Encina 2W, Pa
vilion, 7 o'clock.
Phi Delta Phi vs. Ruble Hash
ers, Pavilion, K o'clock.
Encina HE vs. Forgers, Gym, 7
o'clock.
Business School vs. Dekes, Gym,
S o'clock, to replace a game
between Encina IE and the
Japanese Club, which is post
poned.
Encina 2E vs. Encina 2W, Pa
vilion, 7 o'clock.
Phi Delta Phi vs. Ruble Hash
ers, Pavilion, K o'clock.
Encina HE vs. Forgers, Gym, 7
o'clock.
Business School vs. Dekes, Gym,
S o'clock, to replace a game
between Encina IE and the
Japanese Club, which is post
poned.
Encina 2E vs. Encina 2W, Pa
vilion, 7 o'clock.
Phi Delta Phi vs. Ruble Hash
ers, Pavilion, K o'clock.
Encina HE vs. Forgers, Gym, 7
o'clock.
Business School vs. Dekes, Gym,
S o'clock, to replace a game
between Encina IE and the
Japanese Club, which is post
poned.
Encina 2E vs. Encina 2W, Pa
vilion, 7 o'clock.
Phi Delta Phi vs. Ruble Hash
ers, Pavilion, K o'clock.
Encina HE vs. Forgers, Gym, 7
o'clock.
Business School vs. Dekes, Gym,
S o'clock, to replace a game
between Encina IE and the
Japanese Club, which is post
poned.
Encina 2E vs. Encina 2W, Pa
vilion, 7 o'clock.
Phi Delta Phi vs. Ruble Hash
ers, Pavilion, K o'clock.
Encina HE vs. Forgers, Gym, 7
o'clock.
Business School vs. Dekes, Gym,
S o'clock, to replace a game
between Encina IE and the
Japanese Club, which is post
poned.
Encina 2E vs. Encina 2W, Pa
vilion, 7 o'clock.
Phi Delta Phi vs. Ruble Hash
ers, Pavilion, K o'clock.
Encina HE vs. Forgers, Gym, 7
o'clock.
Business School vs. Dekes, Gym,
S o'clock, to replace a game
between Encina IE and the
Japanese Club, which is post
poned.
Encina 2E vs. Encina 2W, Pa
vilion, 7 o'clock.
Phi Delta Phi vs. Ruble Hash
ers, Pavilion, K o'clock.
Encina HE vs. Forgers, Gym, 7
o'clock.
Business School vs. Dekes, Gym,
S o'clock, to replace a game
between Encina IE and the
Japanese Club, which is post
poned.
Encina 2E vs. Encina 2W, Pa
vilion, 7 o'clock.
Phi Delta Phi vs. Ruble Hash
ers, Pavilion, K o'clock.
Encina HE vs. Forgers, Gym, 7
o'clock.
Business School vs. Dekes, Gym,
S o'clock, to replace a game
between Encina IE and the
Japanese Club, which is post
poned.
Encina 2E vs. Encina 2W, Pa
vilion, 7 o'clock.
Phi Delta Phi vs. Ruble Hash
ers, Pavilion, K o'clock.
Encina HE vs. Forgers, Gym, 7
o'clock.
Business School vs. Dekes, Gym,
S o'clock, to replace a game
between Encina IE and the
Japanese Club, which is post
poned.
Encina 2E vs. Encina 2W, Pa
vilion, 7 o'clock.
Phi Delta Phi vs. Ruble Hash
ers, Pavilion, K o'clock.
Encina HE vs. Forgers, Gym, 7
o'clock.
Business School vs. Dekes, Gym,
S o'clock, to replace a game
between Encina IE and the
Japanese Club, which is post
poned.
Encina 2E vs. Encina 2W, Pa
vilion, 7 o'clock.
Phi Delta Phi vs. Ruble Hash
ers, Pavilion, K o'clock.
Encina HE vs. Forgers, Gym, 7
o'clock.
Business School vs. Dekes, Gym,
S o'clock, to replace a game
between Encina IE and the
Japanese Club, which is post
poned.
Encina 2E vs. Encina 2W, Pa
vilion, 7 o'clock.
Phi Delta Phi vs. Ruble Hash
ers, Pavilion, K o'clock.
Encina HE vs. Forgers, Gym, 7
o'clock.
Business School vs. Dekes, Gym,
S o'clock, to replace a game
between Encina IE and the
Japanese Club, which is post
poned.
Encina 2E vs. Encina 2W, Pa
vilion, 7 o'clock.
Phi Delta Phi vs. Ruble Hash
ers, Pavilion, K o'clock.
Encina HE vs. Forgers, Gym, 7
o'clock.
Business School vs. Dekes, Gym,
S o'clock, to replace a game
between Encina IE and the
Japanese Club, which is post
poned.
Encina 2E vs. Encina 2W, Pa
vilion, 7 o'clock.
Phi Delta Phi vs. Ruble Hash
ers, Pavilion, K o'clock.
Encina HE vs. Forgers, Gym, 7
o'clock.
Business School vs. Dekes, Gym,
S o'clock, to replace a game
between Encina IE and the
Japanese Club, which is post
poned.
Encina 2E vs. Encina 2W, Pa
vilion, 7 o'clock.
Phi Delta Phi vs. Ruble Hash
ers, Pavilion, K o'clock.
