# Untitled Article
## 
### 
All football lettermen must
report at the Assembly Hall
stage this morning at 10 o'clock
to receive the gold footballs
awarded them, according to
Student Body President Jerry
Trautman. Trautman threatens
to give the old football to the
"Convalescent Home or some
thing" unless the lettcrmen ap
pear to get them on the stage.
All football lettermen must
report at the Assembly Hall
stage this morning at 10 o'clock
to receive the gold footballs
awarded them, according to
Student Body President Jerry
Trautman. Trautman threatens
to give the old football to the
"Convalescent Home or some
thing" unless the lettcrmen ap
pear to get them on the stage.
All football lettermen must
report at the Assembly Hall
stage this morning at 10 o'clock
to receive the gold footballs
awarded them, according to
Student Body President Jerry
Trautman. Trautman threatens
to give the old football to the
"Convalescent Home or some
thing" unless the lettcrmen ap
pear to get them on the stage.
All football lettermen must
report at the Assembly Hall
stage this morning at 10 o'clock
to receive the gold footballs
awarded them, according to
Student Body President Jerry
Trautman. Trautman threatens
to give the old football to the
"Convalescent Home or some
thing" unless the lettcrmen ap
pear to get them on the stage.
All football lettermen must
report at the Assembly Hall
stage this morning at 10 o'clock
to receive the gold footballs
awarded them, according to
Student Body President Jerry
Trautman. Trautman threatens
to give the old football to the
"Convalescent Home or some
thing" unless the lettcrmen ap
pear to get them on the stage.
All football lettermen must
report at the Assembly Hall
stage this morning at 10 o'clock
to receive the gold footballs
awarded them, according to
Student Body President Jerry
Trautman. Trautman threatens
to give the old football to the
"Convalescent Home or some
thing" unless the lettcrmen ap
pear to get them on the stage.
All football lettermen must
report at the Assembly Hall
stage this morning at 10 o'clock
to receive the gold footballs
awarded them, according to
Student Body President Jerry
Trautman. Trautman threatens
to give the old football to the
"Convalescent Home or some
thing" unless the lettcrmen ap
pear to get them on the stage.
All football lettermen must
report at the Assembly Hall
stage this morning at 10 o'clock
to receive the gold footballs
awarded them, according to
Student Body President Jerry
Trautman. Trautman threatens
to give the old football to the
"Convalescent Home or some
thing" unless the lettcrmen ap
pear to get them on the stage.
All football lettermen must
report at the Assembly Hall
stage this morning at 10 o'clock
to receive the gold footballs
awarded them, according to
Student Body President Jerry
Trautman. Trautman threatens
to give the old football to the
"Convalescent Home or some
thing" unless the lettcrmen ap
pear to get them on the stage.
All football lettermen must
report at the Assembly Hall
stage this morning at 10 o'clock
to receive the gold footballs
awarded them, according to
Student Body President Jerry
Trautman. Trautman threatens
to give the old football to the
"Convalescent Home or some
thing" unless the lettcrmen ap
pear to get them on the stage.
All football lettermen must
report at the Assembly Hall
stage this morning at 10 o'clock
to receive the gold footballs
awarded them, according to
Student Body President Jerry
Trautman. Trautman threatens
to give the old football to the
"Convalescent Home or some
thing" unless the lettcrmen ap
pear to get them on the stage.
All football lettermen must
report at the Assembly Hall
stage this morning at 10 o'clock
to receive the gold footballs
awarded them, according to
Student Body President Jerry
Trautman. Trautman threatens
to give the old football to the
"Convalescent Home or some
thing" unless the lettcrmen ap
pear to get them on the stage.
All football lettermen must
report at the Assembly Hall
stage this morning at 10 o'clock
to receive the gold footballs
awarded them, according to
Student Body President Jerry
Trautman. Trautman threatens
to give the old football to the
"Convalescent Home or some
thing" unless the lettcrmen ap
pear to get them on the stage.
All football lettermen must
report at the Assembly Hall
stage this morning at 10 o'clock
to receive the gold footballs
awarded them, according to
Student Body President Jerry
Trautman. Trautman threatens
to give the old football to the
"Convalescent Home or some
thing" unless the lettcrmen ap
pear to get them on the stage.
All football lettermen must
report at the Assembly Hall
stage this morning at 10 o'clock
to receive the gold footballs
awarded them, according to
Student Body President Jerry
Trautman. Trautman threatens
to give the old football to the
"Convalescent Home or some
thing" unless the lettcrmen ap
pear to get them on the stage.
