# TROUBLE AVERTED
## 
### 
PARIS, Feb. 27 (UP).—A Franco-
British tariff war was averted today
when the British government de
livered a note to the foreign office,
suggesting immediate opening of ne
gotiations for a new commercial
treaty. France was understood to be
willing.
PARIS, Feb. 27 (UP).—A Franco-
British tariff war was averted today
when the British government de
livered a note to the foreign office,
suggesting immediate opening of ne
gotiations for a new commercial
treaty. France was understood to be
willing.
PARIS, Feb. 27 (UP).—A Franco-
British tariff war was averted today
when the British government de
livered a note to the foreign office,
suggesting immediate opening of ne
gotiations for a new commercial
treaty. France was understood to be
willing.
PARIS, Feb. 27 (UP).—A Franco-
British tariff war was averted today
when the British government de
livered a note to the foreign office,
suggesting immediate opening of ne
gotiations for a new commercial
treaty. France was understood to be
willing.
PARIS, Feb. 27 (UP).—A Franco-
British tariff war was averted today
when the British government de
livered a note to the foreign office,
suggesting immediate opening of ne
gotiations for a new commercial
treaty. France was understood to be
willing.
PARIS, Feb. 27 (UP).—A Franco-
British tariff war was averted today
when the British government de
livered a note to the foreign office,
suggesting immediate opening of ne
gotiations for a new commercial
treaty. France was understood to be
willing.
PARIS, Feb. 27 (UP).—A Franco-
British tariff war was averted today
when the British government de
livered a note to the foreign office,
suggesting immediate opening of ne
gotiations for a new commercial
treaty. France was understood to be
willing.
PARIS, Feb. 27 (UP).—A Franco-
British tariff war was averted today
when the British government de
livered a note to the foreign office,
suggesting immediate opening of ne
gotiations for a new commercial
treaty. France was understood to be
willing.
PARIS, Feb. 27 (UP).—A Franco-
British tariff war was averted today
when the British government de
livered a note to the foreign office,
suggesting immediate opening of ne
gotiations for a new commercial
treaty. France was understood to be
willing.
PARIS, Feb. 27 (UP).—A Franco-
British tariff war was averted today
when the British government de
livered a note to the foreign office,
suggesting immediate opening of ne
gotiations for a new commercial
treaty. France was understood to be
willing.
PARIS, Feb. 27 (UP).—A Franco-
British tariff war was averted today
when the British government de
livered a note to the foreign office,
suggesting immediate opening of ne
gotiations for a new commercial
treaty. France was understood to be
willing.
PARIS, Feb. 27 (UP).—A Franco-
British tariff war was averted today
when the British government de
livered a note to the foreign office,
suggesting immediate opening of ne
gotiations for a new commercial
treaty. France was understood to be
willing.
PARIS, Feb. 27 (UP).—A Franco-
British tariff war was averted today
when the British government de
livered a note to the foreign office,
suggesting immediate opening of ne
gotiations for a new commercial
treaty. France was understood to be
willing.
PARIS, Feb. 27 (UP).—A Franco-
British tariff war was averted today
when the British government de
livered a note to the foreign office,
suggesting immediate opening of ne
gotiations for a new commercial
treaty. France was understood to be
willing.
PARIS, Feb. 27 (UP).—A Franco-
British tariff war was averted today
when the British government de
livered a note to the foreign office,
suggesting immediate opening of ne
gotiations for a new commercial
treaty. France was understood to be
willing.
