# QUAD GROUP PICTURES TODAY
## 
### 
American Society of Civil Engi
neers, 1 o'clock, Union Court. Wrest
ling squad, 5 o'clock, gym.

Only 30 per cent of college women
graduates marry.
American Society of Civil Engi
neers, 1 o'clock, Union Court. Wrest
ling squad, 5 o'clock, gym.

Only 30 per cent of college women
graduates marry.
American Society of Civil Engi
neers, 1 o'clock, Union Court. Wrest
ling squad, 5 o'clock, gym.

Only 30 per cent of college women
graduates marry.
American Society of Civil Engi
neers, 1 o'clock, Union Court. Wrest
ling squad, 5 o'clock, gym.

Only 30 per cent of college women
graduates marry.
American Society of Civil Engi
neers, 1 o'clock, Union Court. Wrest
ling squad, 5 o'clock, gym.

Only 30 per cent of college women
graduates marry.
American Society of Civil Engi
neers, 1 o'clock, Union Court. Wrest
ling squad, 5 o'clock, gym.

Only 30 per cent of college women
graduates marry.
American Society of Civil Engi
neers, 1 o'clock, Union Court. Wrest
ling squad, 5 o'clock, gym.

Only 30 per cent of college women
graduates marry.
American Society of Civil Engi
neers, 1 o'clock, Union Court. Wrest
ling squad, 5 o'clock, gym.

Only 30 per cent of college women
graduates marry.
American Society of Civil Engi
neers, 1 o'clock, Union Court. Wrest
ling squad, 5 o'clock, gym.

Only 30 per cent of college women
graduates marry.
American Society of Civil Engi
neers, 1 o'clock, Union Court. Wrest
ling squad, 5 o'clock, gym.

Only 30 per cent of college women
graduates marry.
American Society of Civil Engi
neers, 1 o'clock, Union Court. Wrest
ling squad, 5 o'clock, gym.

Only 30 per cent of college women
graduates marry.
American Society of Civil Engi
neers, 1 o'clock, Union Court. Wrest
ling squad, 5 o'clock, gym.

Only 30 per cent of college women
graduates marry.
American Society of Civil Engi
neers, 1 o'clock, Union Court. Wrest
ling squad, 5 o'clock, gym.

Only 30 per cent of college women
graduates marry.
American Society of Civil Engi
neers, 1 o'clock, Union Court. Wrest
ling squad, 5 o'clock, gym.

Only 30 per cent of college women
graduates marry.
American Society of Civil Engi
neers, 1 o'clock, Union Court. Wrest
ling squad, 5 o'clock, gym.

Only 30 per cent of college women
graduates marry.
