# Tough as a Steak
## 
### 

AND KARDBOILED AS a picnic egg, was John Meikel,
who got a shave with a s'/a-pound double-edqed axe.
(A.P. Photo)

AND KARDBOILED AS a picnic egg, was John Meikel,
who got a shave with a s'/a-pound double-edqed axe.
(A.P. Photo)

AND KARDBOILED AS a picnic egg, was John Meikel,
who got a shave with a s'/a-pound double-edqed axe.
(A.P. Photo)

AND KARDBOILED AS a picnic egg, was John Meikel,
who got a shave with a s'/a-pound double-edqed axe.
(A.P. Photo)

AND KARDBOILED AS a picnic egg, was John Meikel,
who got a shave with a s'/a-pound double-edqed axe.
(A.P. Photo)

AND KARDBOILED AS a picnic egg, was John Meikel,
who got a shave with a s'/a-pound double-edqed axe.
(A.P. Photo)

AND KARDBOILED AS a picnic egg, was John Meikel,
who got a shave with a s'/a-pound double-edqed axe.
(A.P. Photo)

AND KARDBOILED AS a picnic egg, was John Meikel,
who got a shave with a s'/a-pound double-edqed axe.
(A.P. Photo)

AND KARDBOILED AS a picnic egg, was John Meikel,
who got a shave with a s'/a-pound double-edqed axe.
(A.P. Photo)

AND KARDBOILED AS a picnic egg, was John Meikel,
who got a shave with a s'/a-pound double-edqed axe.
(A.P. Photo)

AND KARDBOILED AS a picnic egg, was John Meikel,
who got a shave with a s'/a-pound double-edqed axe.
(A.P. Photo)

AND KARDBOILED AS a picnic egg, was John Meikel,
who got a shave with a s'/a-pound double-edqed axe.
(A.P. Photo)

AND KARDBOILED AS a picnic egg, was John Meikel,
who got a shave with a s'/a-pound double-edqed axe.
(A.P. Photo)

AND KARDBOILED AS a picnic egg, was John Meikel,
who got a shave with a s'/a-pound double-edqed axe.
(A.P. Photo)

AND KARDBOILED AS a picnic egg, was John Meikel,
who got a shave with a s'/a-pound double-edqed axe.
(A.P. Photo)

AND KARDBOILED AS a picnic egg, was John Meikel,
who got a shave with a s'/a-pound double-edqed axe.
(A.P. Photo)
