# QUAD INVITES FROSH
## 
### 
Freshmen seeking positions on the
Qu.id are invited by Editor Don
Hanson to the editorial meeting to
morrow night in Woodpecker Lodge
at 7:30 o'clock.
Freshmen seeking positions on the
Qu.id are invited by Editor Don
Hanson to the editorial meeting to
morrow night in Woodpecker Lodge
at 7:30 o'clock.
Freshmen seeking positions on the
Qu.id are invited by Editor Don
Hanson to the editorial meeting to
morrow night in Woodpecker Lodge
at 7:30 o'clock.
Freshmen seeking positions on the
Qu.id are invited by Editor Don
Hanson to the editorial meeting to
morrow night in Woodpecker Lodge
at 7:30 o'clock.
Freshmen seeking positions on the
Qu.id are invited by Editor Don
Hanson to the editorial meeting to
morrow night in Woodpecker Lodge
at 7:30 o'clock.
Freshmen seeking positions on the
Qu.id are invited by Editor Don
Hanson to the editorial meeting to
morrow night in Woodpecker Lodge
at 7:30 o'clock.
Freshmen seeking positions on the
Qu.id are invited by Editor Don
Hanson to the editorial meeting to
morrow night in Woodpecker Lodge
at 7:30 o'clock.
Freshmen seeking positions on the
Qu.id are invited by Editor Don
Hanson to the editorial meeting to
morrow night in Woodpecker Lodge
at 7:30 o'clock.
Freshmen seeking positions on the
Qu.id are invited by Editor Don
Hanson to the editorial meeting to
morrow night in Woodpecker Lodge
at 7:30 o'clock.
Freshmen seeking positions on the
Qu.id are invited by Editor Don
Hanson to the editorial meeting to
morrow night in Woodpecker Lodge
at 7:30 o'clock.
Freshmen seeking positions on the
Qu.id are invited by Editor Don
Hanson to the editorial meeting to
morrow night in Woodpecker Lodge
at 7:30 o'clock.
Freshmen seeking positions on the
Qu.id are invited by Editor Don
Hanson to the editorial meeting to
morrow night in Woodpecker Lodge
at 7:30 o'clock.
Freshmen seeking positions on the
Qu.id are invited by Editor Don
Hanson to the editorial meeting to
morrow night in Woodpecker Lodge
at 7:30 o'clock.
Freshmen seeking positions on the
Qu.id are invited by Editor Don
Hanson to the editorial meeting to
morrow night in Woodpecker Lodge
at 7:30 o'clock.
Freshmen seeking positions on the
Qu.id are invited by Editor Don
Hanson to the editorial meeting to
morrow night in Woodpecker Lodge
at 7:30 o'clock.
Freshmen seeking positions on the
Qu.id are invited by Editor Don
Hanson to the editorial meeting to
morrow night in Woodpecker Lodge
at 7:30 o'clock.
