# Explorers Found
## 
### 

FOR THE SECOND TIME in his life Lincoln Ellsworth
was lost and found. This time with Hollick-Kenyon at
Little America. (A.P. Photo)

FOR THE SECOND TIME in his life Lincoln Ellsworth
was lost and found. This time with Hollick-Kenyon at
Little America. (A.P. Photo)

FOR THE SECOND TIME in his life Lincoln Ellsworth
was lost and found. This time with Hollick-Kenyon at
Little America. (A.P. Photo)

FOR THE SECOND TIME in his life Lincoln Ellsworth
was lost and found. This time with Hollick-Kenyon at
Little America. (A.P. Photo)

FOR THE SECOND TIME in his life Lincoln Ellsworth
was lost and found. This time with Hollick-Kenyon at
Little America. (A.P. Photo)

FOR THE SECOND TIME in his life Lincoln Ellsworth
was lost and found. This time with Hollick-Kenyon at
Little America. (A.P. Photo)

FOR THE SECOND TIME in his life Lincoln Ellsworth
was lost and found. This time with Hollick-Kenyon at
Little America. (A.P. Photo)

FOR THE SECOND TIME in his life Lincoln Ellsworth
was lost and found. This time with Hollick-Kenyon at
Little America. (A.P. Photo)

FOR THE SECOND TIME in his life Lincoln Ellsworth
was lost and found. This time with Hollick-Kenyon at
Little America. (A.P. Photo)

FOR THE SECOND TIME in his life Lincoln Ellsworth
was lost and found. This time with Hollick-Kenyon at
Little America. (A.P. Photo)

FOR THE SECOND TIME in his life Lincoln Ellsworth
was lost and found. This time with Hollick-Kenyon at
Little America. (A.P. Photo)

FOR THE SECOND TIME in his life Lincoln Ellsworth
was lost and found. This time with Hollick-Kenyon at
Little America. (A.P. Photo)

FOR THE SECOND TIME in his life Lincoln Ellsworth
was lost and found. This time with Hollick-Kenyon at
Little America. (A.P. Photo)

FOR THE SECOND TIME in his life Lincoln Ellsworth
was lost and found. This time with Hollick-Kenyon at
Little America. (A.P. Photo)

FOR THE SECOND TIME in his life Lincoln Ellsworth
was lost and found. This time with Hollick-Kenyon at
Little America. (A.P. Photo)

FOR THE SECOND TIME in his life Lincoln Ellsworth
was lost and found. This time with Hollick-Kenyon at
Little America. (A.P. Photo)
