# Hoover Farm Policy Meets Sharp Attack
## 
### 
WASHINGTON. DC., Jan. 19 t/P).
—Chairman Jones of Texas of the
House Agricultural Committee, is
sued a statement today through the
Democratic National Committee, de
claring Herbert Hoover's farm pro
gram falls "far short of doing what
is needed."
He said, "There long view policies
suggested by Mr. Hoover are veiy
fine in their way but the program
adopted by Congress must treat the
cause of the trouble, which is the
disparity brought about by the
tariff."
WASHINGTON. DC., Jan. 19 t/P).
—Chairman Jones of Texas of the
House Agricultural Committee, is
sued a statement today through the
Democratic National Committee, de
claring Herbert Hoover's farm pro
gram falls "far short of doing what
is needed."
He said, "There long view policies
suggested by Mr. Hoover are veiy
fine in their way but the program
adopted by Congress must treat the
cause of the trouble, which is the
disparity brought about by the
tariff."
WASHINGTON. DC., Jan. 19 t/P).
—Chairman Jones of Texas of the
House Agricultural Committee, is
sued a statement today through the
Democratic National Committee, de
claring Herbert Hoover's farm pro
gram falls "far short of doing what
is needed."
He said, "There long view policies
suggested by Mr. Hoover are veiy
fine in their way but the program
adopted by Congress must treat the
cause of the trouble, which is the
disparity brought about by the
tariff."
WASHINGTON. DC., Jan. 19 t/P).
—Chairman Jones of Texas of the
House Agricultural Committee, is
sued a statement today through the
Democratic National Committee, de
claring Herbert Hoover's farm pro
gram falls "far short of doing what
is needed."
He said, "There long view policies
suggested by Mr. Hoover are veiy
fine in their way but the program
adopted by Congress must treat the
cause of the trouble, which is the
disparity brought about by the
tariff."
WASHINGTON. DC., Jan. 19 t/P).
—Chairman Jones of Texas of the
House Agricultural Committee, is
sued a statement today through the
Democratic National Committee, de
claring Herbert Hoover's farm pro
gram falls "far short of doing what
is needed."
He said, "There long view policies
suggested by Mr. Hoover are veiy
fine in their way but the program
adopted by Congress must treat the
cause of the trouble, which is the
disparity brought about by the
tariff."
WASHINGTON. DC., Jan. 19 t/P).
—Chairman Jones of Texas of the
House Agricultural Committee, is
sued a statement today through the
Democratic National Committee, de
claring Herbert Hoover's farm pro
gram falls "far short of doing what
is needed."
He said, "There long view policies
suggested by Mr. Hoover are veiy
fine in their way but the program
adopted by Congress must treat the
cause of the trouble, which is the
disparity brought about by the
tariff."
WASHINGTON. DC., Jan. 19 t/P).
—Chairman Jones of Texas of the
House Agricultural Committee, is
sued a statement today through the
Democratic National Committee, de
claring Herbert Hoover's farm pro
gram falls "far short of doing what
is needed."
He said, "There long view policies
suggested by Mr. Hoover are veiy
fine in their way but the program
adopted by Congress must treat the
cause of the trouble, which is the
disparity brought about by the
tariff."
WASHINGTON. DC., Jan. 19 t/P).
—Chairman Jones of Texas of the
House Agricultural Committee, is
sued a statement today through the
Democratic National Committee, de
claring Herbert Hoover's farm pro
gram falls "far short of doing what
is needed."
He said, "There long view policies
suggested by Mr. Hoover are veiy
fine in their way but the program
adopted by Congress must treat the
cause of the trouble, which is the
disparity brought about by the
tariff."
WASHINGTON. DC., Jan. 19 t/P).
—Chairman Jones of Texas of the
House Agricultural Committee, is
sued a statement today through the
Democratic National Committee, de
claring Herbert Hoover's farm pro
gram falls "far short of doing what
is needed."
He said, "There long view policies
suggested by Mr. Hoover are veiy
fine in their way but the program
adopted by Congress must treat the
cause of the trouble, which is the
disparity brought about by the
tariff."
WASHINGTON. DC., Jan. 19 t/P).
—Chairman Jones of Texas of the
House Agricultural Committee, is
sued a statement today through the
Democratic National Committee, de
claring Herbert Hoover's farm pro
gram falls "far short of doing what
is needed."
He said, "There long view policies
suggested by Mr. Hoover are veiy
fine in their way but the program
adopted by Congress must treat the
cause of the trouble, which is the
disparity brought about by the
tariff."
WASHINGTON. DC., Jan. 19 t/P).
—Chairman Jones of Texas of the
House Agricultural Committee, is
sued a statement today through the
Democratic National Committee, de
claring Herbert Hoover's farm pro
gram falls "far short of doing what
is needed."
He said, "There long view policies
suggested by Mr. Hoover are veiy
fine in their way but the program
adopted by Congress must treat the
cause of the trouble, which is the
disparity brought about by the
tariff."
WASHINGTON. DC., Jan. 19 t/P).
—Chairman Jones of Texas of the
House Agricultural Committee, is
sued a statement today through the
Democratic National Committee, de
claring Herbert Hoover's farm pro
gram falls "far short of doing what
is needed."
He said, "There long view policies
suggested by Mr. Hoover are veiy
fine in their way but the program
adopted by Congress must treat the
cause of the trouble, which is the
disparity brought about by the
tariff."
WASHINGTON. DC., Jan. 19 t/P).
—Chairman Jones of Texas of the
House Agricultural Committee, is
sued a statement today through the
Democratic National Committee, de
claring Herbert Hoover's farm pro
gram falls "far short of doing what
is needed."
He said, "There long view policies
suggested by Mr. Hoover are veiy
fine in their way but the program
adopted by Congress must treat the
cause of the trouble, which is the
disparity brought about by the
tariff."
WASHINGTON. DC., Jan. 19 t/P).
—Chairman Jones of Texas of the
House Agricultural Committee, is
sued a statement today through the
Democratic National Committee, de
claring Herbert Hoover's farm pro
gram falls "far short of doing what
is needed."
He said, "There long view policies
suggested by Mr. Hoover are veiy
fine in their way but the program
adopted by Congress must treat the
cause of the trouble, which is the
disparity brought about by the
tariff."
WASHINGTON. DC., Jan. 19 t/P).
—Chairman Jones of Texas of the
House Agricultural Committee, is
sued a statement today through the
Democratic National Committee, de
claring Herbert Hoover's farm pro
gram falls "far short of doing what
is needed."
He said, "There long view policies
suggested by Mr. Hoover are veiy
fine in their way but the program
adopted by Congress must treat the
cause of the trouble, which is the
disparity brought about by the
tariff."
WASHINGTON. DC., Jan. 19 t/P).
—Chairman Jones of Texas of the
House Agricultural Committee, is
sued a statement today through the
Democratic National Committee, de
claring Herbert Hoover's farm pro
gram falls "far short of doing what
is needed."
He said, "There long view policies
suggested by Mr. Hoover are veiy
fine in their way but the program
adopted by Congress must treat the
cause of the trouble, which is the
disparity brought about by the
tariff."
