# Adv. 22 Page 7
## 
### 
What's it like
to work
for a giant?
Depends on the gunt. If the
giant happens to be Ford Motor
Company, it can be a distinct i
advantage. See your placement
director and make an appoint
ment to see the man from Ford
when he is here on:
February 26, 27
I d like .1 hi|( job plejw
What's it like
to work
for a giant?
Depends on the gunt. If the
giant happens to be Ford Motor
Company, it can be a distinct i
advantage. See your placement
director and make an appoint
ment to see the man from Ford
when he is here on:
February 26, 27
I d like .1 hi|( job plejw
What's it like
to work
for a giant?
Depends on the gunt. If the
giant happens to be Ford Motor
Company, it can be a distinct i
advantage. See your placement
director and make an appoint
ment to see the man from Ford
when he is here on:
February 26, 27
I d like .1 hi|( job plejw
What's it like
to work
for a giant?
Depends on the gunt. If the
giant happens to be Ford Motor
Company, it can be a distinct i
advantage. See your placement
director and make an appoint
ment to see the man from Ford
when he is here on:
February 26, 27
I d like .1 hi|( job plejw
What's it like
to work
for a giant?
Depends on the gunt. If the
giant happens to be Ford Motor
Company, it can be a distinct i
advantage. See your placement
director and make an appoint
ment to see the man from Ford
when he is here on:
February 26, 27
I d like .1 hi|( job plejw
What's it like
to work
for a giant?
Depends on the gunt. If the
giant happens to be Ford Motor
Company, it can be a distinct i
advantage. See your placement
director and make an appoint
ment to see the man from Ford
when he is here on:
February 26, 27
I d like .1 hi|( job plejw
What's it like
to work
for a giant?
Depends on the gunt. If the
giant happens to be Ford Motor
Company, it can be a distinct i
advantage. See your placement
director and make an appoint
ment to see the man from Ford
when he is here on:
February 26, 27
I d like .1 hi|( job plejw
What's it like
to work
for a giant?
Depends on the gunt. If the
giant happens to be Ford Motor
Company, it can be a distinct i
advantage. See your placement
director and make an appoint
ment to see the man from Ford
when he is here on:
February 26, 27
I d like .1 hi|( job plejw
What's it like
to work
for a giant?
Depends on the gunt. If the
giant happens to be Ford Motor
Company, it can be a distinct i
advantage. See your placement
director and make an appoint
ment to see the man from Ford
when he is here on:
February 26, 27
I d like .1 hi|( job plejw
What's it like
to work
for a giant?
Depends on the gunt. If the
giant happens to be Ford Motor
Company, it can be a distinct i
advantage. See your placement
director and make an appoint
ment to see the man from Ford
when he is here on:
February 26, 27
I d like .1 hi|( job plejw
What's it like
to work
for a giant?
Depends on the gunt. If the
giant happens to be Ford Motor
Company, it can be a distinct i
advantage. See your placement
director and make an appoint
ment to see the man from Ford
when he is here on:
February 26, 27
I d like .1 hi|( job plejw
What's it like
to work
for a giant?
Depends on the gunt. If the
giant happens to be Ford Motor
Company, it can be a distinct i
advantage. See your placement
director and make an appoint
ment to see the man from Ford
when he is here on:
February 26, 27
I d like .1 hi|( job plejw
What's it like
to work
for a giant?
Depends on the gunt. If the
giant happens to be Ford Motor
Company, it can be a distinct i
advantage. See your placement
director and make an appoint
ment to see the man from Ford
when he is here on:
February 26, 27
I d like .1 hi|( job plejw
What's it like
to work
for a giant?
Depends on the gunt. If the
giant happens to be Ford Motor
Company, it can be a distinct i
advantage. See your placement
director and make an appoint
ment to see the man from Ford
when he is here on:
February 26, 27
I d like .1 hi|( job plejw
What's it like
to work
for a giant?
Depends on the gunt. If the
giant happens to be Ford Motor
Company, it can be a distinct i
advantage. See your placement
director and make an appoint
ment to see the man from Ford
when he is here on:
February 26, 27
I d like .1 hi|( job plejw
