# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Hurlburt House announces the
engagement of Louise Allen, '57,
to Ensign Ray Knowles, Alpha
Delta Phi, '56.
Hurlburt House announces the
engagement of Louise Allen, '57,
to Ensign Ray Knowles, Alpha
Delta Phi, '56.
Hurlburt House announces the
engagement of Louise Allen, '57,
to Ensign Ray Knowles, Alpha
Delta Phi, '56.
Hurlburt House announces the
engagement of Louise Allen, '57,
to Ensign Ray Knowles, Alpha
Delta Phi, '56.
Hurlburt House announces the
engagement of Louise Allen, '57,
to Ensign Ray Knowles, Alpha
Delta Phi, '56.
Hurlburt House announces the
engagement of Louise Allen, '57,
to Ensign Ray Knowles, Alpha
Delta Phi, '56.
Hurlburt House announces the
engagement of Louise Allen, '57,
to Ensign Ray Knowles, Alpha
Delta Phi, '56.
Hurlburt House announces the
engagement of Louise Allen, '57,
to Ensign Ray Knowles, Alpha
Delta Phi, '56.
Hurlburt House announces the
engagement of Louise Allen, '57,
to Ensign Ray Knowles, Alpha
Delta Phi, '56.
Hurlburt House announces the
engagement of Louise Allen, '57,
to Ensign Ray Knowles, Alpha
Delta Phi, '56.
Hurlburt House announces the
engagement of Louise Allen, '57,
to Ensign Ray Knowles, Alpha
Delta Phi, '56.
Hurlburt House announces the
engagement of Louise Allen, '57,
to Ensign Ray Knowles, Alpha
Delta Phi, '56.
Hurlburt House announces the
engagement of Louise Allen, '57,
to Ensign Ray Knowles, Alpha
Delta Phi, '56.
Hurlburt House announces the
engagement of Louise Allen, '57,
to Ensign Ray Knowles, Alpha
Delta Phi, '56.
Hurlburt House announces the
engagement of Louise Allen, '57,
to Ensign Ray Knowles, Alpha
Delta Phi, '56.
Hurlburt House announces the
engagement of Louise Allen, '57,
to Ensign Ray Knowles, Alpha
Delta Phi, '56.
