# Keesing Returns From Australia
## 
### 
Professor Felix M. Keesing,
executive head of the Depart
ment of Anthropology, has re
turned to the campus after a
two-week trip to Canberra, Aus
tralia.
Keesing was a member of the
United States delegation which
met with representatives of Aus
tralia, France, New Zealand, Ihe
Netherlands and the United
Kingdom to review the first 10
years' work of the South Pacific
Commission.
The commission is an advisory
body created by the six govern
ments to advance the economic
and social development of their
South Pacific territories.
Keesing has served since the
inception of the commission as
the senior commissioner for the
United States. He was appointed
first by former President Tru
man and later by President Ei
senhower. The commission holds
one meeting a year.
Professor Felix M. Keesing,
executive head of the Depart
ment of Anthropology, has re
turned to the campus after a
two-week trip to Canberra, Aus
tralia.
Keesing was a member of the
United States delegation which
met with representatives of Aus
tralia, France, New Zealand, Ihe
Netherlands and the United
Kingdom to review the first 10
years' work of the South Pacific
Commission.
The commission is an advisory
body created by the six govern
ments to advance the economic
and social development of their
South Pacific territories.
Keesing has served since the
inception of the commission as
the senior commissioner for the
United States. He was appointed
first by former President Tru
man and later by President Ei
senhower. The commission holds
one meeting a year.
Professor Felix M. Keesing,
executive head of the Depart
ment of Anthropology, has re
turned to the campus after a
two-week trip to Canberra, Aus
tralia.
Keesing was a member of the
United States delegation which
met with representatives of Aus
tralia, France, New Zealand, Ihe
Netherlands and the United
Kingdom to review the first 10
years' work of the South Pacific
Commission.
The commission is an advisory
body created by the six govern
ments to advance the economic
and social development of their
South Pacific territories.
Keesing has served since the
inception of the commission as
the senior commissioner for the
United States. He was appointed
first by former President Tru
man and later by President Ei
senhower. The commission holds
one meeting a year.
Professor Felix M. Keesing,
executive head of the Depart
ment of Anthropology, has re
turned to the campus after a
two-week trip to Canberra, Aus
tralia.
Keesing was a member of the
United States delegation which
met with representatives of Aus
tralia, France, New Zealand, Ihe
Netherlands and the United
Kingdom to review the first 10
years' work of the South Pacific
Commission.
The commission is an advisory
body created by the six govern
ments to advance the economic
and social development of their
South Pacific territories.
Keesing has served since the
inception of the commission as
the senior commissioner for the
United States. He was appointed
first by former President Tru
man and later by President Ei
senhower. The commission holds
one meeting a year.
Professor Felix M. Keesing,
executive head of the Depart
ment of Anthropology, has re
turned to the campus after a
two-week trip to Canberra, Aus
tralia.
Keesing was a member of the
United States delegation which
met with representatives of Aus
tralia, France, New Zealand, Ihe
Netherlands and the United
Kingdom to review the first 10
years' work of the South Pacific
Commission.
The commission is an advisory
body created by the six govern
ments to advance the economic
and social development of their
South Pacific territories.
Keesing has served since the
inception of the commission as
the senior commissioner for the
United States. He was appointed
first by former President Tru
man and later by President Ei
senhower. The commission holds
one meeting a year.
Professor Felix M. Keesing,
executive head of the Depart
ment of Anthropology, has re
turned to the campus after a
two-week trip to Canberra, Aus
tralia.
Keesing was a member of the
United States delegation which
met with representatives of Aus
tralia, France, New Zealand, Ihe
Netherlands and the United
Kingdom to review the first 10
years' work of the South Pacific
Commission.
The commission is an advisory
body created by the six govern
ments to advance the economic
and social development of their
South Pacific territories.
Keesing has served since the
inception of the commission as
the senior commissioner for the
United States. He was appointed
first by former President Tru
man and later by President Ei
senhower. The commission holds
one meeting a year.
Professor Felix M. Keesing,
executive head of the Depart
ment of Anthropology, has re
turned to the campus after a
two-week trip to Canberra, Aus
tralia.
Keesing was a member of the
United States delegation which
met with representatives of Aus
tralia, France, New Zealand, Ihe
Netherlands and the United
Kingdom to review the first 10
years' work of the South Pacific
Commission.
The commission is an advisory
body created by the six govern
ments to advance the economic
and social development of their
South Pacific territories.
Keesing has served since the
inception of the commission as
the senior commissioner for the
United States. He was appointed
first by former President Tru
man and later by President Ei
senhower. The commission holds
one meeting a year.
Professor Felix M. Keesing,
executive head of the Depart
ment of Anthropology, has re
turned to the campus after a
two-week trip to Canberra, Aus
tralia.
Keesing was a member of the
United States delegation which
met with representatives of Aus
tralia, France, New Zealand, Ihe
Netherlands and the United
Kingdom to review the first 10
years' work of the South Pacific
Commission.
The commission is an advisory
body created by the six govern
ments to advance the economic
and social development of their
South Pacific territories.
Keesing has served since the
inception of the commission as
the senior commissioner for the
United States. He was appointed
first by former President Tru
man and later by President Ei
senhower. The commission holds
one meeting a year.
Professor Felix M. Keesing,
executive head of the Depart
ment of Anthropology, has re
turned to the campus after a
two-week trip to Canberra, Aus
tralia.
Keesing was a member of the
United States delegation which
met with representatives of Aus
tralia, France, New Zealand, Ihe
Netherlands and the United
Kingdom to review the first 10
years' work of the South Pacific
Commission.
The commission is an advisory
body created by the six govern
ments to advance the economic
and social development of their
South Pacific territories.
Keesing has served since the
inception of the commission as
the senior commissioner for the
United States. He was appointed
first by former President Tru
man and later by President Ei
senhower. The commission holds
one meeting a year.
Professor Felix M. Keesing,
executive head of the Depart
ment of Anthropology, has re
turned to the campus after a
two-week trip to Canberra, Aus
tralia.
Keesing was a member of the
United States delegation which
met with representatives of Aus
tralia, France, New Zealand, Ihe
Netherlands and the United
Kingdom to review the first 10
years' work of the South Pacific
Commission.
The commission is an advisory
body created by the six govern
ments to advance the economic
and social development of their
South Pacific territories.
Keesing has served since the
inception of the commission as
the senior commissioner for the
United States. He was appointed
first by former President Tru
man and later by President Ei
senhower. The commission holds
one meeting a year.
Professor Felix M. Keesing,
executive head of the Depart
ment of Anthropology, has re
turned to the campus after a
two-week trip to Canberra, Aus
tralia.
Keesing was a member of the
United States delegation which
met with representatives of Aus
tralia, France, New Zealand, Ihe
Netherlands and the United
Kingdom to review the first 10
years' work of the South Pacific
Commission.
The commission is an advisory
body created by the six govern
ments to advance the economic
and social development of their
South Pacific territories.
Keesing has served since the
inception of the commission as
the senior commissioner for the
United States. He was appointed
first by former President Tru
man and later by President Ei
senhower. The commission holds
one meeting a year.
Professor Felix M. Keesing,
executive head of the Depart
ment of Anthropology, has re
turned to the campus after a
two-week trip to Canberra, Aus
tralia.
Keesing was a member of the
United States delegation which
met with representatives of Aus
tralia, France, New Zealand, Ihe
Netherlands and the United
Kingdom to review the first 10
years' work of the South Pacific
Commission.
The commission is an advisory
body created by the six govern
ments to advance the economic
and social development of their
South Pacific territories.
Keesing has served since the
inception of the commission as
the senior commissioner for the
United States. He was appointed
first by former President Tru
man and later by President Ei
senhower. The commission holds
one meeting a year.
Professor Felix M. Keesing,
executive head of the Depart
ment of Anthropology, has re
turned to the campus after a
two-week trip to Canberra, Aus
tralia.
Keesing was a member of the
United States delegation which
met with representatives of Aus
tralia, France, New Zealand, Ihe
Netherlands and the United
Kingdom to review the first 10
years' work of the South Pacific
Commission.
The commission is an advisory
body created by the six govern
ments to advance the economic
and social development of their
South Pacific territories.
Keesing has served since the
inception of the commission as
the senior commissioner for the
United States. He was appointed
first by former President Tru
man and later by President Ei
senhower. The commission holds
one meeting a year.
Professor Felix M. Keesing,
executive head of the Depart
ment of Anthropology, has re
turned to the campus after a
two-week trip to Canberra, Aus
tralia.
Keesing was a member of the
United States delegation which
met with representatives of Aus
tralia, France, New Zealand, Ihe
Netherlands and the United
Kingdom to review the first 10
years' work of the South Pacific
Commission.
The commission is an advisory
body created by the six govern
ments to advance the economic
and social development of their
South Pacific territories.
Keesing has served since the
inception of the commission as
the senior commissioner for the
United States. He was appointed
first by former President Tru
man and later by President Ei
senhower. The commission holds
one meeting a year.
Professor Felix M. Keesing,
executive head of the Depart
ment of Anthropology, has re
turned to the campus after a
two-week trip to Canberra, Aus
tralia.
Keesing was a member of the
United States delegation which
met with representatives of Aus
tralia, France, New Zealand, Ihe
Netherlands and the United
Kingdom to review the first 10
years' work of the South Pacific
Commission.
The commission is an advisory
body created by the six govern
ments to advance the economic
and social development of their
South Pacific territories.
Keesing has served since the
inception of the commission as
the senior commissioner for the
United States. He was appointed
first by former President Tru
man and later by President Ei
senhower. The commission holds
one meeting a year.
Professor Felix M. Keesing,
executive head of the Depart
ment of Anthropology, has re
turned to the campus after a
two-week trip to Canberra, Aus
tralia.
Keesing was a member of the
United States delegation which
met with representatives of Aus
tralia, France, New Zealand, Ihe
Netherlands and the United
Kingdom to review the first 10
years' work of the South Pacific
Commission.
The commission is an advisory
body created by the six govern
ments to advance the economic
and social development of their
South Pacific territories.
Keesing has served since the
inception of the commission as
the senior commissioner for the
United States. He was appointed
first by former President Tru
man and later by President Ei
senhower. The commission holds
one meeting a year.
