# '57-'58 Course List Now in Reg Office
## 
### 
The announcement of courses
for 1957-58 is now available in
tho Registrar's Of fire. No longer
callorl "Announcement of Cours
es," its new title is "Courses and
Degrees."
The 1957-58 bulletin contains
descriptions of the degrees and
degree requirements of the vari
ous colleges, and includes an ex
planatory section on the general
studies program.
The announcement of courses
for 1957-58 is now available in
tho Registrar's Of fire. No longer
callorl "Announcement of Cours
es," its new title is "Courses and
Degrees."
The 1957-58 bulletin contains
descriptions of the degrees and
degree requirements of the vari
ous colleges, and includes an ex
planatory section on the general
studies program.
The announcement of courses
for 1957-58 is now available in
tho Registrar's Of fire. No longer
callorl "Announcement of Cours
es," its new title is "Courses and
Degrees."
The 1957-58 bulletin contains
descriptions of the degrees and
degree requirements of the vari
ous colleges, and includes an ex
planatory section on the general
studies program.
The announcement of courses
for 1957-58 is now available in
tho Registrar's Of fire. No longer
callorl "Announcement of Cours
es," its new title is "Courses and
Degrees."
The 1957-58 bulletin contains
descriptions of the degrees and
degree requirements of the vari
ous colleges, and includes an ex
planatory section on the general
studies program.
The announcement of courses
for 1957-58 is now available in
tho Registrar's Of fire. No longer
callorl "Announcement of Cours
es," its new title is "Courses and
Degrees."
The 1957-58 bulletin contains
descriptions of the degrees and
degree requirements of the vari
ous colleges, and includes an ex
planatory section on the general
studies program.
The announcement of courses
for 1957-58 is now available in
tho Registrar's Of fire. No longer
callorl "Announcement of Cours
es," its new title is "Courses and
Degrees."
The 1957-58 bulletin contains
descriptions of the degrees and
degree requirements of the vari
ous colleges, and includes an ex
planatory section on the general
studies program.
The announcement of courses
for 1957-58 is now available in
tho Registrar's Of fire. No longer
callorl "Announcement of Cours
es," its new title is "Courses and
Degrees."
The 1957-58 bulletin contains
descriptions of the degrees and
degree requirements of the vari
ous colleges, and includes an ex
planatory section on the general
studies program.
The announcement of courses
for 1957-58 is now available in
tho Registrar's Of fire. No longer
callorl "Announcement of Cours
es," its new title is "Courses and
Degrees."
The 1957-58 bulletin contains
descriptions of the degrees and
degree requirements of the vari
ous colleges, and includes an ex
planatory section on the general
studies program.
The announcement of courses
for 1957-58 is now available in
tho Registrar's Of fire. No longer
callorl "Announcement of Cours
es," its new title is "Courses and
Degrees."
The 1957-58 bulletin contains
descriptions of the degrees and
degree requirements of the vari
ous colleges, and includes an ex
planatory section on the general
studies program.
The announcement of courses
for 1957-58 is now available in
tho Registrar's Of fire. No longer
callorl "Announcement of Cours
es," its new title is "Courses and
Degrees."
The 1957-58 bulletin contains
descriptions of the degrees and
degree requirements of the vari
ous colleges, and includes an ex
planatory section on the general
studies program.
The announcement of courses
for 1957-58 is now available in
tho Registrar's Of fire. No longer
callorl "Announcement of Cours
es," its new title is "Courses and
Degrees."
The 1957-58 bulletin contains
descriptions of the degrees and
degree requirements of the vari
ous colleges, and includes an ex
planatory section on the general
studies program.
The announcement of courses
for 1957-58 is now available in
tho Registrar's Of fire. No longer
callorl "Announcement of Cours
es," its new title is "Courses and
Degrees."
The 1957-58 bulletin contains
descriptions of the degrees and
degree requirements of the vari
ous colleges, and includes an ex
planatory section on the general
studies program.
The announcement of courses
for 1957-58 is now available in
tho Registrar's Of fire. No longer
callorl "Announcement of Cours
es," its new title is "Courses and
Degrees."
The 1957-58 bulletin contains
descriptions of the degrees and
degree requirements of the vari
ous colleges, and includes an ex
planatory section on the general
studies program.
The announcement of courses
for 1957-58 is now available in
tho Registrar's Of fire. No longer
callorl "Announcement of Cours
es," its new title is "Courses and
Degrees."
The 1957-58 bulletin contains
descriptions of the degrees and
degree requirements of the vari
ous colleges, and includes an ex
planatory section on the general
studies program.
The announcement of courses
for 1957-58 is now available in
tho Registrar's Of fire. No longer
callorl "Announcement of Cours
es," its new title is "Courses and
Degrees."
The 1957-58 bulletin contains
descriptions of the degrees and
degree requirements of the vari
ous colleges, and includes an ex
planatory section on the general
studies program.
The announcement of courses
for 1957-58 is now available in
tho Registrar's Of fire. No longer
callorl "Announcement of Cours
es," its new title is "Courses and
Degrees."
The 1957-58 bulletin contains
descriptions of the degrees and
degree requirements of the vari
ous colleges, and includes an ex
planatory section on the general
studies program.
