# Sports [eligible]
## SOCCER MANAGER NEEDED 
### 
Any person or persons interested
in job of manager of the soccer
team please contact Dick Koenigs
berger on the soccer Held between
4 and (5 p.m.
Any person or persons interested
in job of manager of the soccer
team please contact Dick Koenigs
berger on the soccer Held between
4 and (5 p.m.
Any person or persons interested
in job of manager of the soccer
team please contact Dick Koenigs
berger on the soccer Held between
4 and (5 p.m.
Any person or persons interested
in job of manager of the soccer
team please contact Dick Koenigs
berger on the soccer Held between
4 and (5 p.m.
Any person or persons interested
in job of manager of the soccer
team please contact Dick Koenigs
berger on the soccer Held between
4 and (5 p.m.
Any person or persons interested
in job of manager of the soccer
team please contact Dick Koenigs
berger on the soccer Held between
4 and (5 p.m.
Any person or persons interested
in job of manager of the soccer
team please contact Dick Koenigs
berger on the soccer Held between
4 and (5 p.m.
Any person or persons interested
in job of manager of the soccer
team please contact Dick Koenigs
berger on the soccer Held between
4 and (5 p.m.
Any person or persons interested
in job of manager of the soccer
team please contact Dick Koenigs
berger on the soccer Held between
4 and (5 p.m.
Any person or persons interested
in job of manager of the soccer
team please contact Dick Koenigs
berger on the soccer Held between
4 and (5 p.m.
Any person or persons interested
in job of manager of the soccer
team please contact Dick Koenigs
berger on the soccer Held between
4 and (5 p.m.
Any person or persons interested
in job of manager of the soccer
team please contact Dick Koenigs
berger on the soccer Held between
4 and (5 p.m.
Any person or persons interested
in job of manager of the soccer
team please contact Dick Koenigs
berger on the soccer Held between
4 and (5 p.m.
Any person or persons interested
in job of manager of the soccer
team please contact Dick Koenigs
berger on the soccer Held between
4 and (5 p.m.
