# Farm Professor Sues for $250,000
## 
### 
Joseoh B. Franzini, Stanford as
sistant professor of civil engineering,
is suing Lucky Stoi'es and two other
defendants for $250,000. He claims
that an insecticide bomb he was us
ing injured him.
Franzini, who at 290 Iris Way,
Palo Alto, said that he is not teach
ing this quarter because of his in
juries. He claims that he lost the
use of his arms and partial loss of
the use of his legs.
He said today he has recovered
partially from effects of the bomb,
but is still ill. He claimed that lie
accidentally inhaled some of the poi
son after u.sing the bomb in the
house.
Franzini filed the suit in the San
Francisco Superior Court. Other de
fendants arc Kelley - Clarke Com
pany, the bomb's distributor, and
Bridgeport Brass Company, manu
facturer.
Joseoh B. Franzini, Stanford as
sistant professor of civil engineering,
is suing Lucky Stoi'es and two other
defendants for $250,000. He claims
that an insecticide bomb he was us
ing injured him.
Franzini, who at 290 Iris Way,
Palo Alto, said that he is not teach
ing this quarter because of his in
juries. He claims that he lost the
use of his arms and partial loss of
the use of his legs.
He said today he has recovered
partially from effects of the bomb,
but is still ill. He claimed that lie
accidentally inhaled some of the poi
son after u.sing the bomb in the
house.
Franzini filed the suit in the San
Francisco Superior Court. Other de
fendants arc Kelley - Clarke Com
pany, the bomb's distributor, and
Bridgeport Brass Company, manu
facturer.
Joseoh B. Franzini, Stanford as
sistant professor of civil engineering,
is suing Lucky Stoi'es and two other
defendants for $250,000. He claims
that an insecticide bomb he was us
ing injured him.
Franzini, who at 290 Iris Way,
Palo Alto, said that he is not teach
ing this quarter because of his in
juries. He claims that he lost the
use of his arms and partial loss of
the use of his legs.
He said today he has recovered
partially from effects of the bomb,
but is still ill. He claimed that lie
accidentally inhaled some of the poi
son after u.sing the bomb in the
house.
Franzini filed the suit in the San
Francisco Superior Court. Other de
fendants arc Kelley - Clarke Com
pany, the bomb's distributor, and
Bridgeport Brass Company, manu
facturer.
Joseoh B. Franzini, Stanford as
sistant professor of civil engineering,
is suing Lucky Stoi'es and two other
defendants for $250,000. He claims
that an insecticide bomb he was us
ing injured him.
Franzini, who at 290 Iris Way,
Palo Alto, said that he is not teach
ing this quarter because of his in
juries. He claims that he lost the
use of his arms and partial loss of
the use of his legs.
He said today he has recovered
partially from effects of the bomb,
but is still ill. He claimed that lie
accidentally inhaled some of the poi
son after u.sing the bomb in the
house.
Franzini filed the suit in the San
Francisco Superior Court. Other de
fendants arc Kelley - Clarke Com
pany, the bomb's distributor, and
Bridgeport Brass Company, manu
facturer.
Joseoh B. Franzini, Stanford as
sistant professor of civil engineering,
is suing Lucky Stoi'es and two other
defendants for $250,000. He claims
that an insecticide bomb he was us
ing injured him.
Franzini, who at 290 Iris Way,
Palo Alto, said that he is not teach
ing this quarter because of his in
juries. He claims that he lost the
use of his arms and partial loss of
the use of his legs.
He said today he has recovered
partially from effects of the bomb,
but is still ill. He claimed that lie
accidentally inhaled some of the poi
son after u.sing the bomb in the
house.
Franzini filed the suit in the San
Francisco Superior Court. Other de
fendants arc Kelley - Clarke Com
pany, the bomb's distributor, and
Bridgeport Brass Company, manu
facturer.
Joseoh B. Franzini, Stanford as
sistant professor of civil engineering,
is suing Lucky Stoi'es and two other
defendants for $250,000. He claims
that an insecticide bomb he was us
ing injured him.
Franzini, who at 290 Iris Way,
Palo Alto, said that he is not teach
ing this quarter because of his in
juries. He claims that he lost the
use of his arms and partial loss of
the use of his legs.
He said today he has recovered
partially from effects of the bomb,
but is still ill. He claimed that lie
accidentally inhaled some of the poi
son after u.sing the bomb in the
house.
Franzini filed the suit in the San
Francisco Superior Court. Other de
fendants arc Kelley - Clarke Com
pany, the bomb's distributor, and
Bridgeport Brass Company, manu
facturer.
Joseoh B. Franzini, Stanford as
sistant professor of civil engineering,
is suing Lucky Stoi'es and two other
defendants for $250,000. He claims
that an insecticide bomb he was us
ing injured him.
Franzini, who at 290 Iris Way,
Palo Alto, said that he is not teach
ing this quarter because of his in
juries. He claims that he lost the
use of his arms and partial loss of
the use of his legs.
He said today he has recovered
partially from effects of the bomb,
but is still ill. He claimed that lie
accidentally inhaled some of the poi
son after u.sing the bomb in the
house.
Franzini filed the suit in the San
Francisco Superior Court. Other de
fendants arc Kelley - Clarke Com
pany, the bomb's distributor, and
Bridgeport Brass Company, manu
facturer.
Joseoh B. Franzini, Stanford as
sistant professor of civil engineering,
is suing Lucky Stoi'es and two other
defendants for $250,000. He claims
that an insecticide bomb he was us
ing injured him.
Franzini, who at 290 Iris Way,
Palo Alto, said that he is not teach
ing this quarter because of his in
juries. He claims that he lost the
use of his arms and partial loss of
the use of his legs.
He said today he has recovered
partially from effects of the bomb,
but is still ill. He claimed that lie
accidentally inhaled some of the poi
son after u.sing the bomb in the
house.
Franzini filed the suit in the San
Francisco Superior Court. Other de
fendants arc Kelley - Clarke Com
pany, the bomb's distributor, and
Bridgeport Brass Company, manu
facturer.
Joseoh B. Franzini, Stanford as
sistant professor of civil engineering,
is suing Lucky Stoi'es and two other
defendants for $250,000. He claims
that an insecticide bomb he was us
ing injured him.
Franzini, who at 290 Iris Way,
Palo Alto, said that he is not teach
ing this quarter because of his in
juries. He claims that he lost the
use of his arms and partial loss of
the use of his legs.
He said today he has recovered
partially from effects of the bomb,
but is still ill. He claimed that lie
accidentally inhaled some of the poi
son after u.sing the bomb in the
house.
Franzini filed the suit in the San
Francisco Superior Court. Other de
fendants arc Kelley - Clarke Com
pany, the bomb's distributor, and
Bridgeport Brass Company, manu
facturer.
Joseoh B. Franzini, Stanford as
sistant professor of civil engineering,
is suing Lucky Stoi'es and two other
defendants for $250,000. He claims
that an insecticide bomb he was us
ing injured him.
Franzini, who at 290 Iris Way,
Palo Alto, said that he is not teach
ing this quarter because of his in
juries. He claims that he lost the
use of his arms and partial loss of
the use of his legs.
He said today he has recovered
partially from effects of the bomb,
but is still ill. He claimed that lie
accidentally inhaled some of the poi
son after u.sing the bomb in the
house.
Franzini filed the suit in the San
Francisco Superior Court. Other de
fendants arc Kelley - Clarke Com
pany, the bomb's distributor, and
Bridgeport Brass Company, manu
facturer.
Joseoh B. Franzini, Stanford as
sistant professor of civil engineering,
is suing Lucky Stoi'es and two other
defendants for $250,000. He claims
that an insecticide bomb he was us
ing injured him.
Franzini, who at 290 Iris Way,
Palo Alto, said that he is not teach
ing this quarter because of his in
juries. He claims that he lost the
use of his arms and partial loss of
the use of his legs.
He said today he has recovered
partially from effects of the bomb,
but is still ill. He claimed that lie
accidentally inhaled some of the poi
son after u.sing the bomb in the
house.
Franzini filed the suit in the San
Francisco Superior Court. Other de
fendants arc Kelley - Clarke Com
pany, the bomb's distributor, and
Bridgeport Brass Company, manu
facturer.
Joseoh B. Franzini, Stanford as
sistant professor of civil engineering,
is suing Lucky Stoi'es and two other
defendants for $250,000. He claims
that an insecticide bomb he was us
ing injured him.
Franzini, who at 290 Iris Way,
Palo Alto, said that he is not teach
ing this quarter because of his in
juries. He claims that he lost the
use of his arms and partial loss of
the use of his legs.
He said today he has recovered
partially from effects of the bomb,
but is still ill. He claimed that lie
accidentally inhaled some of the poi
son after u.sing the bomb in the
house.
Franzini filed the suit in the San
Francisco Superior Court. Other de
fendants arc Kelley - Clarke Com
pany, the bomb's distributor, and
Bridgeport Brass Company, manu
facturer.
Joseoh B. Franzini, Stanford as
sistant professor of civil engineering,
is suing Lucky Stoi'es and two other
defendants for $250,000. He claims
that an insecticide bomb he was us
ing injured him.
Franzini, who at 290 Iris Way,
Palo Alto, said that he is not teach
ing this quarter because of his in
juries. He claims that he lost the
use of his arms and partial loss of
the use of his legs.
He said today he has recovered
partially from effects of the bomb,
but is still ill. He claimed that lie
accidentally inhaled some of the poi
son after u.sing the bomb in the
house.
Franzini filed the suit in the San
Francisco Superior Court. Other de
fendants arc Kelley - Clarke Com
pany, the bomb's distributor, and
Bridgeport Brass Company, manu
facturer.
Joseoh B. Franzini, Stanford as
sistant professor of civil engineering,
is suing Lucky Stoi'es and two other
defendants for $250,000. He claims
that an insecticide bomb he was us
ing injured him.
Franzini, who at 290 Iris Way,
Palo Alto, said that he is not teach
ing this quarter because of his in
juries. He claims that he lost the
use of his arms and partial loss of
the use of his legs.
He said today he has recovered
partially from effects of the bomb,
but is still ill. He claimed that lie
accidentally inhaled some of the poi
son after u.sing the bomb in the
house.
Franzini filed the suit in the San
Francisco Superior Court. Other de
fendants arc Kelley - Clarke Com
pany, the bomb's distributor, and
Bridgeport Brass Company, manu
facturer.
