# Stanford Hospital Adds New Rooms
## 
### 
Remqdeling of present space soon
will add two new operating rooms
and a "recovery room" to surgical
facilities on the sixth floor of Stan
ford Hospital in San Francisco, it
was announced yesterday by Uni
versity President Wallace Sterling.
One operating room will be used
for general surgery, the other for
eye operations. Surgeons' scrub
rooms*will be included. The recov
ery room will permit patients to re
main nearby for a period of observa
tion following serious operations,
thus avoiding any risk involved in
moving them back immediately to
their own rooms.
The renovation work, at an esti
mated cost of $13,500, is being un
dertaken despite Stanford plans for
building a new medical center on the
campus. Stanford trustees have pre
viously declared their intention of
maintaining the high quality of
medical care at the San Francisco
facilities until the new center is
built. Some members of the Medical
School faculty have suggested the
buildings might then be used for a
postgraduate medical school.
Remqdeling of present space soon
will add two new operating rooms
and a "recovery room" to surgical
facilities on the sixth floor of Stan
ford Hospital in San Francisco, it
was announced yesterday by Uni
versity President Wallace Sterling.
One operating room will be used
for general surgery, the other for
eye operations. Surgeons' scrub
rooms*will be included. The recov
ery room will permit patients to re
main nearby for a period of observa
tion following serious operations,
thus avoiding any risk involved in
moving them back immediately to
their own rooms.
The renovation work, at an esti
mated cost of $13,500, is being un
dertaken despite Stanford plans for
building a new medical center on the
campus. Stanford trustees have pre
viously declared their intention of
maintaining the high quality of
medical care at the San Francisco
facilities until the new center is
built. Some members of the Medical
School faculty have suggested the
buildings might then be used for a
postgraduate medical school.
Remqdeling of present space soon
will add two new operating rooms
and a "recovery room" to surgical
facilities on the sixth floor of Stan
ford Hospital in San Francisco, it
was announced yesterday by Uni
versity President Wallace Sterling.
One operating room will be used
for general surgery, the other for
eye operations. Surgeons' scrub
rooms*will be included. The recov
ery room will permit patients to re
main nearby for a period of observa
tion following serious operations,
thus avoiding any risk involved in
moving them back immediately to
their own rooms.
The renovation work, at an esti
mated cost of $13,500, is being un
dertaken despite Stanford plans for
building a new medical center on the
campus. Stanford trustees have pre
viously declared their intention of
maintaining the high quality of
medical care at the San Francisco
facilities until the new center is
built. Some members of the Medical
School faculty have suggested the
buildings might then be used for a
postgraduate medical school.
Remqdeling of present space soon
will add two new operating rooms
and a "recovery room" to surgical
facilities on the sixth floor of Stan
ford Hospital in San Francisco, it
was announced yesterday by Uni
versity President Wallace Sterling.
One operating room will be used
for general surgery, the other for
eye operations. Surgeons' scrub
rooms*will be included. The recov
ery room will permit patients to re
main nearby for a period of observa
tion following serious operations,
thus avoiding any risk involved in
moving them back immediately to
their own rooms.
The renovation work, at an esti
mated cost of $13,500, is being un
dertaken despite Stanford plans for
building a new medical center on the
campus. Stanford trustees have pre
viously declared their intention of
maintaining the high quality of
medical care at the San Francisco
facilities until the new center is
built. Some members of the Medical
School faculty have suggested the
buildings might then be used for a
postgraduate medical school.
Remqdeling of present space soon
will add two new operating rooms
and a "recovery room" to surgical
facilities on the sixth floor of Stan
ford Hospital in San Francisco, it
was announced yesterday by Uni
versity President Wallace Sterling.
One operating room will be used
for general surgery, the other for
eye operations. Surgeons' scrub
rooms*will be included. The recov
ery room will permit patients to re
main nearby for a period of observa
tion following serious operations,
thus avoiding any risk involved in
moving them back immediately to
their own rooms.
The renovation work, at an esti
mated cost of $13,500, is being un
dertaken despite Stanford plans for
building a new medical center on the
campus. Stanford trustees have pre
viously declared their intention of
maintaining the high quality of
medical care at the San Francisco
facilities until the new center is
built. Some members of the Medical
School faculty have suggested the
buildings might then be used for a
postgraduate medical school.
Remqdeling of present space soon
will add two new operating rooms
and a "recovery room" to surgical
facilities on the sixth floor of Stan
ford Hospital in San Francisco, it
was announced yesterday by Uni
versity President Wallace Sterling.
One operating room will be used
for general surgery, the other for
eye operations. Surgeons' scrub
rooms*will be included. The recov
ery room will permit patients to re
main nearby for a period of observa
tion following serious operations,
thus avoiding any risk involved in
moving them back immediately to
their own rooms.
The renovation work, at an esti
mated cost of $13,500, is being un
dertaken despite Stanford plans for
building a new medical center on the
campus. Stanford trustees have pre
viously declared their intention of
maintaining the high quality of
medical care at the San Francisco
facilities until the new center is
built. Some members of the Medical
School faculty have suggested the
buildings might then be used for a
postgraduate medical school.
Remqdeling of present space soon
will add two new operating rooms
and a "recovery room" to surgical
facilities on the sixth floor of Stan
ford Hospital in San Francisco, it
was announced yesterday by Uni
versity President Wallace Sterling.
One operating room will be used
for general surgery, the other for
eye operations. Surgeons' scrub
rooms*will be included. The recov
ery room will permit patients to re
main nearby for a period of observa
tion following serious operations,
thus avoiding any risk involved in
moving them back immediately to
their own rooms.
The renovation work, at an esti
mated cost of $13,500, is being un
dertaken despite Stanford plans for
building a new medical center on the
campus. Stanford trustees have pre
viously declared their intention of
maintaining the high quality of
medical care at the San Francisco
facilities until the new center is
built. Some members of the Medical
School faculty have suggested the
buildings might then be used for a
postgraduate medical school.
Remqdeling of present space soon
will add two new operating rooms
and a "recovery room" to surgical
facilities on the sixth floor of Stan
ford Hospital in San Francisco, it
was announced yesterday by Uni
versity President Wallace Sterling.
One operating room will be used
for general surgery, the other for
eye operations. Surgeons' scrub
rooms*will be included. The recov
ery room will permit patients to re
main nearby for a period of observa
tion following serious operations,
thus avoiding any risk involved in
moving them back immediately to
their own rooms.
The renovation work, at an esti
mated cost of $13,500, is being un
dertaken despite Stanford plans for
building a new medical center on the
campus. Stanford trustees have pre
viously declared their intention of
maintaining the high quality of
medical care at the San Francisco
facilities until the new center is
built. Some members of the Medical
School faculty have suggested the
buildings might then be used for a
postgraduate medical school.
Remqdeling of present space soon
will add two new operating rooms
and a "recovery room" to surgical
facilities on the sixth floor of Stan
ford Hospital in San Francisco, it
was announced yesterday by Uni
versity President Wallace Sterling.
One operating room will be used
for general surgery, the other for
eye operations. Surgeons' scrub
rooms*will be included. The recov
ery room will permit patients to re
main nearby for a period of observa
tion following serious operations,
thus avoiding any risk involved in
moving them back immediately to
their own rooms.
The renovation work, at an esti
mated cost of $13,500, is being un
dertaken despite Stanford plans for
building a new medical center on the
campus. Stanford trustees have pre
viously declared their intention of
maintaining the high quality of
medical care at the San Francisco
facilities until the new center is
built. Some members of the Medical
School faculty have suggested the
buildings might then be used for a
postgraduate medical school.
Remqdeling of present space soon
will add two new operating rooms
and a "recovery room" to surgical
facilities on the sixth floor of Stan
ford Hospital in San Francisco, it
was announced yesterday by Uni
versity President Wallace Sterling.
One operating room will be used
for general surgery, the other for
eye operations. Surgeons' scrub
rooms*will be included. The recov
ery room will permit patients to re
main nearby for a period of observa
tion following serious operations,
thus avoiding any risk involved in
moving them back immediately to
their own rooms.
The renovation work, at an esti
mated cost of $13,500, is being un
dertaken despite Stanford plans for
building a new medical center on the
campus. Stanford trustees have pre
viously declared their intention of
maintaining the high quality of
medical care at the San Francisco
facilities until the new center is
built. Some members of the Medical
School faculty have suggested the
buildings might then be used for a
postgraduate medical school.
Remqdeling of present space soon
will add two new operating rooms
and a "recovery room" to surgical
facilities on the sixth floor of Stan
ford Hospital in San Francisco, it
was announced yesterday by Uni
versity President Wallace Sterling.
One operating room will be used
for general surgery, the other for
eye operations. Surgeons' scrub
rooms*will be included. The recov
ery room will permit patients to re
main nearby for a period of observa
tion following serious operations,
thus avoiding any risk involved in
moving them back immediately to
their own rooms.
The renovation work, at an esti
mated cost of $13,500, is being un
dertaken despite Stanford plans for
building a new medical center on the
campus. Stanford trustees have pre
viously declared their intention of
maintaining the high quality of
medical care at the San Francisco
facilities until the new center is
built. Some members of the Medical
School faculty have suggested the
buildings might then be used for a
postgraduate medical school.
Remqdeling of present space soon
will add two new operating rooms
and a "recovery room" to surgical
facilities on the sixth floor of Stan
ford Hospital in San Francisco, it
was announced yesterday by Uni
versity President Wallace Sterling.
One operating room will be used
for general surgery, the other for
eye operations. Surgeons' scrub
rooms*will be included. The recov
ery room will permit patients to re
main nearby for a period of observa
tion following serious operations,
thus avoiding any risk involved in
moving them back immediately to
their own rooms.
The renovation work, at an esti
mated cost of $13,500, is being un
dertaken despite Stanford plans for
building a new medical center on the
campus. Stanford trustees have pre
viously declared their intention of
maintaining the high quality of
medical care at the San Francisco
facilities until the new center is
built. Some members of the Medical
School faculty have suggested the
buildings might then be used for a
postgraduate medical school.
Remqdeling of present space soon
will add two new operating rooms
and a "recovery room" to surgical
facilities on the sixth floor of Stan
ford Hospital in San Francisco, it
was announced yesterday by Uni
versity President Wallace Sterling.
One operating room will be used
for general surgery, the other for
eye operations. Surgeons' scrub
rooms*will be included. The recov
ery room will permit patients to re
main nearby for a period of observa
tion following serious operations,
thus avoiding any risk involved in
moving them back immediately to
their own rooms.
The renovation work, at an esti
mated cost of $13,500, is being un
dertaken despite Stanford plans for
building a new medical center on the
campus. Stanford trustees have pre
viously declared their intention of
maintaining the high quality of
medical care at the San Francisco
facilities until the new center is
built. Some members of the Medical
School faculty have suggested the
buildings might then be used for a
postgraduate medical school.
Remqdeling of present space soon
will add two new operating rooms
and a "recovery room" to surgical
facilities on the sixth floor of Stan
ford Hospital in San Francisco, it
was announced yesterday by Uni
versity President Wallace Sterling.
One operating room will be used
for general surgery, the other for
eye operations. Surgeons' scrub
rooms*will be included. The recov
ery room will permit patients to re
main nearby for a period of observa
tion following serious operations,
thus avoiding any risk involved in
moving them back immediately to
their own rooms.
The renovation work, at an esti
mated cost of $13,500, is being un
dertaken despite Stanford plans for
building a new medical center on the
campus. Stanford trustees have pre
viously declared their intention of
maintaining the high quality of
medical care at the San Francisco
facilities until the new center is
built. Some members of the Medical
School faculty have suggested the
buildings might then be used for a
postgraduate medical school.
