# A 						Phi 0 Needs Used Civ Books
## 
### 
Alpha Phi Omega book exchange
chairman Charles Fuller has sent
out a call for Western Civilization
texts, particularly "Introduction to
Contemporary Civilization in the
West" and Helen Gardner's "Art
Through the Ages," as the exchange
opens for the last time this quarter
today.
The exchange will be open this
morning only, 0 to noon, in Main Li
brary Room lOfi.
Fuller indicated that the Western
Civilization faculty has okayed use
of ICCW and the Gardner text, al
though they are not listed on hook
lists. Demand for these books is ac
cordingly high, and the exchange
feels it can make rapid sales of these
books for students wishing to sell
them.
The national service fraternity's
book exchange helps students sell
their used textbooks at prices set by
the owners. A charge of 10 cents per
book for handling is made by the
fraternity.
The exchange will reopen late in
October to return money and unsold
books.
Alpha Phi Omega book exchange
chairman Charles Fuller has sent
out a call for Western Civilization
texts, particularly "Introduction to
Contemporary Civilization in the
West" and Helen Gardner's "Art
Through the Ages," as the exchange
opens for the last time this quarter
today.
The exchange will be open this
morning only, 0 to noon, in Main Li
brary Room lOfi.
Fuller indicated that the Western
Civilization faculty has okayed use
of ICCW and the Gardner text, al
though they are not listed on hook
lists. Demand for these books is ac
cordingly high, and the exchange
feels it can make rapid sales of these
books for students wishing to sell
them.
The national service fraternity's
book exchange helps students sell
their used textbooks at prices set by
the owners. A charge of 10 cents per
book for handling is made by the
fraternity.
The exchange will reopen late in
October to return money and unsold
books.
Alpha Phi Omega book exchange
chairman Charles Fuller has sent
out a call for Western Civilization
texts, particularly "Introduction to
Contemporary Civilization in the
West" and Helen Gardner's "Art
Through the Ages," as the exchange
opens for the last time this quarter
today.
The exchange will be open this
morning only, 0 to noon, in Main Li
brary Room lOfi.
Fuller indicated that the Western
Civilization faculty has okayed use
of ICCW and the Gardner text, al
though they are not listed on hook
lists. Demand for these books is ac
cordingly high, and the exchange
feels it can make rapid sales of these
books for students wishing to sell
them.
The national service fraternity's
book exchange helps students sell
their used textbooks at prices set by
the owners. A charge of 10 cents per
book for handling is made by the
fraternity.
The exchange will reopen late in
October to return money and unsold
books.
Alpha Phi Omega book exchange
chairman Charles Fuller has sent
out a call for Western Civilization
texts, particularly "Introduction to
Contemporary Civilization in the
West" and Helen Gardner's "Art
Through the Ages," as the exchange
opens for the last time this quarter
today.
The exchange will be open this
morning only, 0 to noon, in Main Li
brary Room lOfi.
Fuller indicated that the Western
Civilization faculty has okayed use
of ICCW and the Gardner text, al
though they are not listed on hook
lists. Demand for these books is ac
cordingly high, and the exchange
feels it can make rapid sales of these
books for students wishing to sell
them.
The national service fraternity's
book exchange helps students sell
their used textbooks at prices set by
the owners. A charge of 10 cents per
book for handling is made by the
fraternity.
The exchange will reopen late in
October to return money and unsold
books.
Alpha Phi Omega book exchange
chairman Charles Fuller has sent
out a call for Western Civilization
texts, particularly "Introduction to
Contemporary Civilization in the
West" and Helen Gardner's "Art
Through the Ages," as the exchange
opens for the last time this quarter
today.
The exchange will be open this
morning only, 0 to noon, in Main Li
brary Room lOfi.
Fuller indicated that the Western
Civilization faculty has okayed use
of ICCW and the Gardner text, al
though they are not listed on hook
lists. Demand for these books is ac
cordingly high, and the exchange
feels it can make rapid sales of these
books for students wishing to sell
them.
The national service fraternity's
book exchange helps students sell
their used textbooks at prices set by
the owners. A charge of 10 cents per
book for handling is made by the
fraternity.
The exchange will reopen late in
October to return money and unsold
books.
Alpha Phi Omega book exchange
chairman Charles Fuller has sent
out a call for Western Civilization
texts, particularly "Introduction to
Contemporary Civilization in the
West" and Helen Gardner's "Art
Through the Ages," as the exchange
opens for the last time this quarter
today.
The exchange will be open this
morning only, 0 to noon, in Main Li
brary Room lOfi.
Fuller indicated that the Western
Civilization faculty has okayed use
of ICCW and the Gardner text, al
though they are not listed on hook
lists. Demand for these books is ac
cordingly high, and the exchange
feels it can make rapid sales of these
books for students wishing to sell
them.
The national service fraternity's
book exchange helps students sell
their used textbooks at prices set by
the owners. A charge of 10 cents per
book for handling is made by the
fraternity.
The exchange will reopen late in
October to return money and unsold
books.
Alpha Phi Omega book exchange
chairman Charles Fuller has sent
out a call for Western Civilization
texts, particularly "Introduction to
Contemporary Civilization in the
West" and Helen Gardner's "Art
Through the Ages," as the exchange
opens for the last time this quarter
today.
The exchange will be open this
morning only, 0 to noon, in Main Li
brary Room lOfi.
Fuller indicated that the Western
Civilization faculty has okayed use
of ICCW and the Gardner text, al
though they are not listed on hook
lists. Demand for these books is ac
cordingly high, and the exchange
feels it can make rapid sales of these
books for students wishing to sell
them.
The national service fraternity's
book exchange helps students sell
their used textbooks at prices set by
the owners. A charge of 10 cents per
book for handling is made by the
fraternity.
The exchange will reopen late in
October to return money and unsold
books.
Alpha Phi Omega book exchange
chairman Charles Fuller has sent
out a call for Western Civilization
texts, particularly "Introduction to
Contemporary Civilization in the
West" and Helen Gardner's "Art
Through the Ages," as the exchange
opens for the last time this quarter
today.
The exchange will be open this
morning only, 0 to noon, in Main Li
brary Room lOfi.
Fuller indicated that the Western
Civilization faculty has okayed use
of ICCW and the Gardner text, al
though they are not listed on hook
lists. Demand for these books is ac
cordingly high, and the exchange
feels it can make rapid sales of these
books for students wishing to sell
them.
The national service fraternity's
book exchange helps students sell
their used textbooks at prices set by
the owners. A charge of 10 cents per
book for handling is made by the
fraternity.
The exchange will reopen late in
October to return money and unsold
books.
Alpha Phi Omega book exchange
chairman Charles Fuller has sent
out a call for Western Civilization
texts, particularly "Introduction to
Contemporary Civilization in the
West" and Helen Gardner's "Art
Through the Ages," as the exchange
opens for the last time this quarter
today.
The exchange will be open this
morning only, 0 to noon, in Main Li
brary Room lOfi.
Fuller indicated that the Western
Civilization faculty has okayed use
of ICCW and the Gardner text, al
though they are not listed on hook
lists. Demand for these books is ac
cordingly high, and the exchange
feels it can make rapid sales of these
books for students wishing to sell
them.
The national service fraternity's
book exchange helps students sell
their used textbooks at prices set by
the owners. A charge of 10 cents per
book for handling is made by the
fraternity.
The exchange will reopen late in
October to return money and unsold
books.
Alpha Phi Omega book exchange
chairman Charles Fuller has sent
out a call for Western Civilization
texts, particularly "Introduction to
Contemporary Civilization in the
West" and Helen Gardner's "Art
Through the Ages," as the exchange
opens for the last time this quarter
today.
The exchange will be open this
morning only, 0 to noon, in Main Li
brary Room lOfi.
Fuller indicated that the Western
Civilization faculty has okayed use
of ICCW and the Gardner text, al
though they are not listed on hook
lists. Demand for these books is ac
cordingly high, and the exchange
feels it can make rapid sales of these
books for students wishing to sell
them.
The national service fraternity's
book exchange helps students sell
their used textbooks at prices set by
the owners. A charge of 10 cents per
book for handling is made by the
fraternity.
The exchange will reopen late in
October to return money and unsold
books.
Alpha Phi Omega book exchange
chairman Charles Fuller has sent
out a call for Western Civilization
texts, particularly "Introduction to
Contemporary Civilization in the
West" and Helen Gardner's "Art
Through the Ages," as the exchange
opens for the last time this quarter
today.
The exchange will be open this
morning only, 0 to noon, in Main Li
brary Room lOfi.
Fuller indicated that the Western
Civilization faculty has okayed use
of ICCW and the Gardner text, al
though they are not listed on hook
lists. Demand for these books is ac
cordingly high, and the exchange
feels it can make rapid sales of these
books for students wishing to sell
them.
The national service fraternity's
book exchange helps students sell
their used textbooks at prices set by
the owners. A charge of 10 cents per
book for handling is made by the
fraternity.
The exchange will reopen late in
October to return money and unsold
books.
Alpha Phi Omega book exchange
chairman Charles Fuller has sent
out a call for Western Civilization
texts, particularly "Introduction to
Contemporary Civilization in the
West" and Helen Gardner's "Art
Through the Ages," as the exchange
opens for the last time this quarter
today.
The exchange will be open this
morning only, 0 to noon, in Main Li
brary Room lOfi.
Fuller indicated that the Western
Civilization faculty has okayed use
of ICCW and the Gardner text, al
though they are not listed on hook
lists. Demand for these books is ac
cordingly high, and the exchange
feels it can make rapid sales of these
books for students wishing to sell
them.
The national service fraternity's
book exchange helps students sell
their used textbooks at prices set by
the owners. A charge of 10 cents per
book for handling is made by the
fraternity.
The exchange will reopen late in
October to return money and unsold
books.
Alpha Phi Omega book exchange
chairman Charles Fuller has sent
out a call for Western Civilization
texts, particularly "Introduction to
Contemporary Civilization in the
West" and Helen Gardner's "Art
Through the Ages," as the exchange
opens for the last time this quarter
today.
The exchange will be open this
morning only, 0 to noon, in Main Li
brary Room lOfi.
Fuller indicated that the Western
Civilization faculty has okayed use
of ICCW and the Gardner text, al
though they are not listed on hook
lists. Demand for these books is ac
cordingly high, and the exchange
feels it can make rapid sales of these
books for students wishing to sell
them.
The national service fraternity's
book exchange helps students sell
their used textbooks at prices set by
the owners. A charge of 10 cents per
book for handling is made by the
fraternity.
The exchange will reopen late in
October to return money and unsold
books.
Alpha Phi Omega book exchange
chairman Charles Fuller has sent
out a call for Western Civilization
texts, particularly "Introduction to
Contemporary Civilization in the
West" and Helen Gardner's "Art
Through the Ages," as the exchange
opens for the last time this quarter
today.
The exchange will be open this
morning only, 0 to noon, in Main Li
brary Room lOfi.
Fuller indicated that the Western
Civilization faculty has okayed use
of ICCW and the Gardner text, al
though they are not listed on hook
lists. Demand for these books is ac
cordingly high, and the exchange
feels it can make rapid sales of these
books for students wishing to sell
them.
The national service fraternity's
book exchange helps students sell
their used textbooks at prices set by
the owners. A charge of 10 cents per
book for handling is made by the
fraternity.
The exchange will reopen late in
October to return money and unsold
books.
