# Spring forward
## 
### 
Remember to switch your clocks to
daylight savings time this Sunday,
April 26. Just move the dial ahead by
one hour before you go to bed Saturday
night.
Remember to switch your clocks to
daylight savings time this Sunday,
April 26. Just move the dial ahead by
one hour before you go to bed Saturday
night.
Remember to switch your clocks to
daylight savings time this Sunday,
April 26. Just move the dial ahead by
one hour before you go to bed Saturday
night.
Remember to switch your clocks to
daylight savings time this Sunday,
April 26. Just move the dial ahead by
one hour before you go to bed Saturday
night.
Remember to switch your clocks to
daylight savings time this Sunday,
April 26. Just move the dial ahead by
one hour before you go to bed Saturday
night.
Remember to switch your clocks to
daylight savings time this Sunday,
April 26. Just move the dial ahead by
one hour before you go to bed Saturday
night.
Remember to switch your clocks to
daylight savings time this Sunday,
April 26. Just move the dial ahead by
one hour before you go to bed Saturday
night.
Remember to switch your clocks to
daylight savings time this Sunday,
April 26. Just move the dial ahead by
one hour before you go to bed Saturday
night.
Remember to switch your clocks to
daylight savings time this Sunday,
April 26. Just move the dial ahead by
one hour before you go to bed Saturday
night.
