# Lenten Services.
## 
### 
Services will be held in the
chapel every Sunday afternoon
during Lent. The general topic is
"Personal Religion," and the
speakers will he as follows: March
3d, Dr. Jordan; March 10th, Dr.
Murray; March 17th, Dr. Fair
clough; March 24th, Professor Mil
ler. The meetings are for men
only and are under the auspices of
the Palo Alto Brotherhood of Saint
Andrew.
Services will be held in the
chapel every Sunday afternoon
during Lent. The general topic is
"Personal Religion," and the
speakers will he as follows: March
3d, Dr. Jordan; March 10th, Dr.
Murray; March 17th, Dr. Fair
clough; March 24th, Professor Mil
ler. The meetings are for men
only and are under the auspices of
the Palo Alto Brotherhood of Saint
Andrew.
Services will be held in the
chapel every Sunday afternoon
during Lent. The general topic is
"Personal Religion," and the
speakers will he as follows: March
3d, Dr. Jordan; March 10th, Dr.
Murray; March 17th, Dr. Fair
clough; March 24th, Professor Mil
ler. The meetings are for men
only and are under the auspices of
the Palo Alto Brotherhood of Saint
Andrew.
Services will be held in the
chapel every Sunday afternoon
during Lent. The general topic is
"Personal Religion," and the
speakers will he as follows: March
3d, Dr. Jordan; March 10th, Dr.
Murray; March 17th, Dr. Fair
clough; March 24th, Professor Mil
ler. The meetings are for men
only and are under the auspices of
the Palo Alto Brotherhood of Saint
Andrew.
Services will be held in the
chapel every Sunday afternoon
during Lent. The general topic is
"Personal Religion," and the
speakers will he as follows: March
3d, Dr. Jordan; March 10th, Dr.
Murray; March 17th, Dr. Fair
clough; March 24th, Professor Mil
ler. The meetings are for men
only and are under the auspices of
the Palo Alto Brotherhood of Saint
Andrew.
Services will be held in the
chapel every Sunday afternoon
during Lent. The general topic is
"Personal Religion," and the
speakers will he as follows: March
3d, Dr. Jordan; March 10th, Dr.
Murray; March 17th, Dr. Fair
clough; March 24th, Professor Mil
ler. The meetings are for men
only and are under the auspices of
the Palo Alto Brotherhood of Saint
Andrew.
Services will be held in the
chapel every Sunday afternoon
during Lent. The general topic is
"Personal Religion," and the
speakers will he as follows: March
3d, Dr. Jordan; March 10th, Dr.
Murray; March 17th, Dr. Fair
clough; March 24th, Professor Mil
ler. The meetings are for men
only and are under the auspices of
the Palo Alto Brotherhood of Saint
Andrew.
