# FARM SAYS 'HELLO'
## 
### 
Stanford's general spirit of friend
liness is shown by the "Hello" tra
dition.
Stanford's general spirit of friend
liness is shown by the "Hello" tra
dition.
Stanford's general spirit of friend
liness is shown by the "Hello" tra
dition.
Stanford's general spirit of friend
liness is shown by the "Hello" tra
dition.
Stanford's general spirit of friend
liness is shown by the "Hello" tra
dition.
Stanford's general spirit of friend
liness is shown by the "Hello" tra
dition.
Stanford's general spirit of friend
liness is shown by the "Hello" tra
dition.
Stanford's general spirit of friend
liness is shown by the "Hello" tra
dition.
Stanford's general spirit of friend
liness is shown by the "Hello" tra
dition.
Stanford's general spirit of friend
liness is shown by the "Hello" tra
dition.
Stanford's general spirit of friend
liness is shown by the "Hello" tra
dition.
Stanford's general spirit of friend
liness is shown by the "Hello" tra
dition.
Stanford's general spirit of friend
liness is shown by the "Hello" tra
dition.
Stanford's general spirit of friend
liness is shown by the "Hello" tra
dition.
Stanford's general spirit of friend
liness is shown by the "Hello" tra
dition.
Stanford's general spirit of friend
liness is shown by the "Hello" tra
dition.
Stanford's general spirit of friend
liness is shown by the "Hello" tra
dition.
Stanford's general spirit of friend
liness is shown by the "Hello" tra
dition.
