# CAMPUS CARE
## 
### 
Frank S. Walker, financial vice
president of Stanford University
announced yesterday that the re
pair and maintenance on homes here
on the campus which have hereto
fore been taken care of by the Cor
poration Yard will in the future be
assigned to individual contractors
in Palo Alto by the home owners.
Frank S. Walker, financial vice
president of Stanford University
announced yesterday that the re
pair and maintenance on homes here
on the campus which have hereto
fore been taken care of by the Cor
poration Yard will in the future be
assigned to individual contractors
in Palo Alto by the home owners.
Frank S. Walker, financial vice
president of Stanford University
announced yesterday that the re
pair and maintenance on homes here
on the campus which have hereto
fore been taken care of by the Cor
poration Yard will in the future be
assigned to individual contractors
in Palo Alto by the home owners.
Frank S. Walker, financial vice
president of Stanford University
announced yesterday that the re
pair and maintenance on homes here
on the campus which have hereto
fore been taken care of by the Cor
poration Yard will in the future be
assigned to individual contractors
in Palo Alto by the home owners.
Frank S. Walker, financial vice
president of Stanford University
announced yesterday that the re
pair and maintenance on homes here
on the campus which have hereto
fore been taken care of by the Cor
poration Yard will in the future be
assigned to individual contractors
in Palo Alto by the home owners.
Frank S. Walker, financial vice
president of Stanford University
announced yesterday that the re
pair and maintenance on homes here
on the campus which have hereto
fore been taken care of by the Cor
poration Yard will in the future be
assigned to individual contractors
in Palo Alto by the home owners.
Frank S. Walker, financial vice
president of Stanford University
announced yesterday that the re
pair and maintenance on homes here
on the campus which have hereto
fore been taken care of by the Cor
poration Yard will in the future be
assigned to individual contractors
in Palo Alto by the home owners.
Frank S. Walker, financial vice
president of Stanford University
announced yesterday that the re
pair and maintenance on homes here
on the campus which have hereto
fore been taken care of by the Cor
poration Yard will in the future be
assigned to individual contractors
in Palo Alto by the home owners.
Frank S. Walker, financial vice
president of Stanford University
announced yesterday that the re
pair and maintenance on homes here
on the campus which have hereto
fore been taken care of by the Cor
poration Yard will in the future be
assigned to individual contractors
in Palo Alto by the home owners.
Frank S. Walker, financial vice
president of Stanford University
announced yesterday that the re
pair and maintenance on homes here
on the campus which have hereto
fore been taken care of by the Cor
poration Yard will in the future be
assigned to individual contractors
in Palo Alto by the home owners.
Frank S. Walker, financial vice
president of Stanford University
announced yesterday that the re
pair and maintenance on homes here
on the campus which have hereto
fore been taken care of by the Cor
poration Yard will in the future be
assigned to individual contractors
in Palo Alto by the home owners.
Frank S. Walker, financial vice
president of Stanford University
announced yesterday that the re
pair and maintenance on homes here
on the campus which have hereto
fore been taken care of by the Cor
poration Yard will in the future be
assigned to individual contractors
in Palo Alto by the home owners.
Frank S. Walker, financial vice
president of Stanford University
announced yesterday that the re
pair and maintenance on homes here
on the campus which have hereto
fore been taken care of by the Cor
poration Yard will in the future be
assigned to individual contractors
in Palo Alto by the home owners.
Frank S. Walker, financial vice
president of Stanford University
announced yesterday that the re
pair and maintenance on homes here
on the campus which have hereto
fore been taken care of by the Cor
poration Yard will in the future be
assigned to individual contractors
in Palo Alto by the home owners.
Frank S. Walker, financial vice
president of Stanford University
announced yesterday that the re
pair and maintenance on homes here
on the campus which have hereto
fore been taken care of by the Cor
poration Yard will in the future be
assigned to individual contractors
in Palo Alto by the home owners.
Frank S. Walker, financial vice
president of Stanford University
announced yesterday that the re
pair and maintenance on homes here
on the campus which have hereto
fore been taken care of by the Cor
poration Yard will in the future be
assigned to individual contractors
in Palo Alto by the home owners.
Frank S. Walker, financial vice
president of Stanford University
announced yesterday that the re
pair and maintenance on homes here
on the campus which have hereto
fore been taken care of by the Cor
poration Yard will in the future be
assigned to individual contractors
in Palo Alto by the home owners.
Frank S. Walker, financial vice
president of Stanford University
announced yesterday that the re
pair and maintenance on homes here
on the campus which have hereto
fore been taken care of by the Cor
poration Yard will in the future be
assigned to individual contractors
in Palo Alto by the home owners.
