# HATS GO OFF FACE
## 
### 
Off-face hats, with widths at either
side, are an important silhouette for
fall. They are perfect to wear with
fur coats 01* huge collared cloth
coats, because they lie snugly against
the head.
It's the fashion now "to collect min
iature fiacons of expensive perfumes.
Give them away at your next bridge
party—if you have one. They're
honest to gosh replicas of famous
odeurs.
Off-face hats, with widths at either
side, are an important silhouette for
fall. They are perfect to wear with
fur coats 01* huge collared cloth
coats, because they lie snugly against
the head.
It's the fashion now "to collect min
iature fiacons of expensive perfumes.
Give them away at your next bridge
party—if you have one. They're
honest to gosh replicas of famous
odeurs.
Off-face hats, with widths at either
side, are an important silhouette for
fall. They are perfect to wear with
fur coats 01* huge collared cloth
coats, because they lie snugly against
the head.
It's the fashion now "to collect min
iature fiacons of expensive perfumes.
Give them away at your next bridge
party—if you have one. They're
honest to gosh replicas of famous
odeurs.
Off-face hats, with widths at either
side, are an important silhouette for
fall. They are perfect to wear with
fur coats 01* huge collared cloth
coats, because they lie snugly against
the head.
It's the fashion now "to collect min
iature fiacons of expensive perfumes.
Give them away at your next bridge
party—if you have one. They're
honest to gosh replicas of famous
odeurs.
Off-face hats, with widths at either
side, are an important silhouette for
fall. They are perfect to wear with
fur coats 01* huge collared cloth
coats, because they lie snugly against
the head.
It's the fashion now "to collect min
iature fiacons of expensive perfumes.
Give them away at your next bridge
party—if you have one. They're
honest to gosh replicas of famous
odeurs.
Off-face hats, with widths at either
side, are an important silhouette for
fall. They are perfect to wear with
fur coats 01* huge collared cloth
coats, because they lie snugly against
the head.
It's the fashion now "to collect min
iature fiacons of expensive perfumes.
Give them away at your next bridge
party—if you have one. They're
honest to gosh replicas of famous
odeurs.
Off-face hats, with widths at either
side, are an important silhouette for
fall. They are perfect to wear with
fur coats 01* huge collared cloth
coats, because they lie snugly against
the head.
It's the fashion now "to collect min
iature fiacons of expensive perfumes.
Give them away at your next bridge
party—if you have one. They're
honest to gosh replicas of famous
odeurs.
Off-face hats, with widths at either
side, are an important silhouette for
fall. They are perfect to wear with
fur coats 01* huge collared cloth
coats, because they lie snugly against
the head.
It's the fashion now "to collect min
iature fiacons of expensive perfumes.
Give them away at your next bridge
party—if you have one. They're
honest to gosh replicas of famous
odeurs.
Off-face hats, with widths at either
side, are an important silhouette for
fall. They are perfect to wear with
fur coats 01* huge collared cloth
coats, because they lie snugly against
the head.
It's the fashion now "to collect min
iature fiacons of expensive perfumes.
Give them away at your next bridge
party—if you have one. They're
honest to gosh replicas of famous
odeurs.
Off-face hats, with widths at either
side, are an important silhouette for
fall. They are perfect to wear with
fur coats 01* huge collared cloth
coats, because they lie snugly against
the head.
It's the fashion now "to collect min
iature fiacons of expensive perfumes.
Give them away at your next bridge
party—if you have one. They're
honest to gosh replicas of famous
odeurs.
Off-face hats, with widths at either
side, are an important silhouette for
fall. They are perfect to wear with
fur coats 01* huge collared cloth
coats, because they lie snugly against
the head.
It's the fashion now "to collect min
iature fiacons of expensive perfumes.
Give them away at your next bridge
party—if you have one. They're
honest to gosh replicas of famous
odeurs.
Off-face hats, with widths at either
side, are an important silhouette for
fall. They are perfect to wear with
fur coats 01* huge collared cloth
coats, because they lie snugly against
the head.
It's the fashion now "to collect min
iature fiacons of expensive perfumes.
Give them away at your next bridge
party—if you have one. They're
honest to gosh replicas of famous
odeurs.
Off-face hats, with widths at either
side, are an important silhouette for
fall. They are perfect to wear with
fur coats 01* huge collared cloth
coats, because they lie snugly against
the head.
It's the fashion now "to collect min
iature fiacons of expensive perfumes.
Give them away at your next bridge
party—if you have one. They're
honest to gosh replicas of famous
odeurs.
Off-face hats, with widths at either
side, are an important silhouette for
fall. They are perfect to wear with
fur coats 01* huge collared cloth
coats, because they lie snugly against
the head.
It's the fashion now "to collect min
iature fiacons of expensive perfumes.
Give them away at your next bridge
party—if you have one. They're
honest to gosh replicas of famous
odeurs.
Off-face hats, with widths at either
side, are an important silhouette for
fall. They are perfect to wear with
fur coats 01* huge collared cloth
coats, because they lie snugly against
the head.
It's the fashion now "to collect min
iature fiacons of expensive perfumes.
Give them away at your next bridge
party—if you have one. They're
honest to gosh replicas of famous
odeurs.
Off-face hats, with widths at either
side, are an important silhouette for
fall. They are perfect to wear with
fur coats 01* huge collared cloth
coats, because they lie snugly against
the head.
It's the fashion now "to collect min
iature fiacons of expensive perfumes.
Give them away at your next bridge
party—if you have one. They're
honest to gosh replicas of famous
odeurs.
