# Empire, Edwardian Influences Shown
## 
### 
In complete accord with the new
Empire and Edwaiv. an lines in the
strictly formal evening gowns are
the velvet bows, love-knots, and
feather and flower combinations for
the hair.
In complete accord with the new
Empire and Edwaiv. an lines in the
strictly formal evening gowns are
the velvet bows, love-knots, and
feather and flower combinations for
the hair.
In complete accord with the new
Empire and Edwaiv. an lines in the
strictly formal evening gowns are
the velvet bows, love-knots, and
feather and flower combinations for
the hair.
In complete accord with the new
Empire and Edwaiv. an lines in the
strictly formal evening gowns are
the velvet bows, love-knots, and
feather and flower combinations for
the hair.
In complete accord with the new
Empire and Edwaiv. an lines in the
strictly formal evening gowns are
the velvet bows, love-knots, and
feather and flower combinations for
the hair.
In complete accord with the new
Empire and Edwaiv. an lines in the
strictly formal evening gowns are
the velvet bows, love-knots, and
feather and flower combinations for
the hair.
In complete accord with the new
Empire and Edwaiv. an lines in the
strictly formal evening gowns are
the velvet bows, love-knots, and
feather and flower combinations for
the hair.
In complete accord with the new
Empire and Edwaiv. an lines in the
strictly formal evening gowns are
the velvet bows, love-knots, and
feather and flower combinations for
the hair.
In complete accord with the new
Empire and Edwaiv. an lines in the
strictly formal evening gowns are
the velvet bows, love-knots, and
feather and flower combinations for
the hair.
In complete accord with the new
Empire and Edwaiv. an lines in the
strictly formal evening gowns are
the velvet bows, love-knots, and
feather and flower combinations for
the hair.
In complete accord with the new
Empire and Edwaiv. an lines in the
strictly formal evening gowns are
the velvet bows, love-knots, and
feather and flower combinations for
the hair.
In complete accord with the new
Empire and Edwaiv. an lines in the
strictly formal evening gowns are
the velvet bows, love-knots, and
feather and flower combinations for
the hair.
In complete accord with the new
Empire and Edwaiv. an lines in the
strictly formal evening gowns are
the velvet bows, love-knots, and
feather and flower combinations for
the hair.
In complete accord with the new
Empire and Edwaiv. an lines in the
strictly formal evening gowns are
the velvet bows, love-knots, and
feather and flower combinations for
the hair.
In complete accord with the new
Empire and Edwaiv. an lines in the
strictly formal evening gowns are
the velvet bows, love-knots, and
feather and flower combinations for
the hair.
In complete accord with the new
Empire and Edwaiv. an lines in the
strictly formal evening gowns are
the velvet bows, love-knots, and
feather and flower combinations for
the hair.
