# At the San Francisco Theaters.
## 
### 
Alcazar—Nance O'Niell in"The
Jewess."
Columbia—Richard Carle in "Jump
ing Jupiter."
Cort —"Baby Mine."
Empress—Vaudeville.
Orpheum—Vaudeville.
Savoy—Ferris Hart man in"The
Campus."
Idora Park—Lombardi Opera Co.,
and Ferullo's Italian Band.
Alcazar—Nance O'Niell in"The
Jewess."
Columbia—Richard Carle in "Jump
ing Jupiter."
Cort —"Baby Mine."
Empress—Vaudeville.
Orpheum—Vaudeville.
Savoy—Ferris Hart man in"The
Campus."
Idora Park—Lombardi Opera Co.,
and Ferullo's Italian Band.
Alcazar—Nance O'Niell in"The
Jewess."
Columbia—Richard Carle in "Jump
ing Jupiter."
Cort —"Baby Mine."
Empress—Vaudeville.
Orpheum—Vaudeville.
Savoy—Ferris Hart man in"The
Campus."
Idora Park—Lombardi Opera Co.,
and Ferullo's Italian Band.
Alcazar—Nance O'Niell in"The
Jewess."
Columbia—Richard Carle in "Jump
ing Jupiter."
Cort —"Baby Mine."
Empress—Vaudeville.
Orpheum—Vaudeville.
Savoy—Ferris Hart man in"The
Campus."
Idora Park—Lombardi Opera Co.,
and Ferullo's Italian Band.
Alcazar—Nance O'Niell in"The
Jewess."
Columbia—Richard Carle in "Jump
ing Jupiter."
Cort —"Baby Mine."
Empress—Vaudeville.
Orpheum—Vaudeville.
Savoy—Ferris Hart man in"The
Campus."
Idora Park—Lombardi Opera Co.,
and Ferullo's Italian Band.
Alcazar—Nance O'Niell in"The
Jewess."
Columbia—Richard Carle in "Jump
ing Jupiter."
Cort —"Baby Mine."
Empress—Vaudeville.
Orpheum—Vaudeville.
Savoy—Ferris Hart man in"The
Campus."
Idora Park—Lombardi Opera Co.,
and Ferullo's Italian Band.
Alcazar—Nance O'Niell in"The
Jewess."
Columbia—Richard Carle in "Jump
ing Jupiter."
Cort —"Baby Mine."
Empress—Vaudeville.
Orpheum—Vaudeville.
Savoy—Ferris Hart man in"The
Campus."
Idora Park—Lombardi Opera Co.,
and Ferullo's Italian Band.
Alcazar—Nance O'Niell in"The
Jewess."
Columbia—Richard Carle in "Jump
ing Jupiter."
Cort —"Baby Mine."
Empress—Vaudeville.
Orpheum—Vaudeville.
Savoy—Ferris Hart man in"The
Campus."
Idora Park—Lombardi Opera Co.,
and Ferullo's Italian Band.
Alcazar—Nance O'Niell in"The
Jewess."
Columbia—Richard Carle in "Jump
ing Jupiter."
Cort —"Baby Mine."
Empress—Vaudeville.
Orpheum—Vaudeville.
Savoy—Ferris Hart man in"The
Campus."
Idora Park—Lombardi Opera Co.,
and Ferullo's Italian Band.
Alcazar—Nance O'Niell in"The
Jewess."
Columbia—Richard Carle in "Jump
ing Jupiter."
Cort —"Baby Mine."
Empress—Vaudeville.
Orpheum—Vaudeville.
Savoy—Ferris Hart man in"The
Campus."
Idora Park—Lombardi Opera Co.,
and Ferullo's Italian Band.
Alcazar—Nance O'Niell in"The
Jewess."
Columbia—Richard Carle in "Jump
ing Jupiter."
Cort —"Baby Mine."
Empress—Vaudeville.
Orpheum—Vaudeville.
Savoy—Ferris Hart man in"The
Campus."
Idora Park—Lombardi Opera Co.,
and Ferullo's Italian Band.
Alcazar—Nance O'Niell in"The
Jewess."
Columbia—Richard Carle in "Jump
ing Jupiter."
Cort —"Baby Mine."
Empress—Vaudeville.
Orpheum—Vaudeville.
Savoy—Ferris Hart man in"The
Campus."
Idora Park—Lombardi Opera Co.,
and Ferullo's Italian Band.
