# SPORTS CALENDAR
## 
### 
FRIDAY

•pWIpiipKSWM)
Men's volleyball
Women** Oymnartlcs
vs. UCSD, UC-Davis|
Seattle Pacific p.m
at Maples Pavilion

Men's swimming
vs. UCSB 1:00 p.m
at deGuerre Pool * „ j
Baseball j/T
at Cal State Fullerton '
through Sunday l^

Women's Swimming
atSMU
Men's gymnastics
at San Jose State
Wrestling
vs. Fresno State 7:30 p.m
at Burnham Pavilion

February 3-5

SATURDAY

Men's Swimming
vs. UsCt 12:00 p.m
at deduerre Pool v
I ** | ! | * *
Track Xj !> :
at Reno Invrte

Rugby
at St. Mary's
Sailing .< |
at UC-Santa Cruz
Women's swimming
at Texas

Men's basketball
vs. Oregon State 7:30 p.m
at Maples Pavilion
Women's basketbal
at Oregon State
at All Cal Tourney

Fencing
at UCSD
MM

SUNDAY

V s . ) p.m.
FRIDAY

•pWIpiipKSWM)
Men's volleyball
Women** Oymnartlcs
vs. UCSD, UC-Davis|
Seattle Pacific p.m
at Maples Pavilion

Men's swimming
vs. UCSB 1:00 p.m
at deGuerre Pool * „ j
Baseball j/T
at Cal State Fullerton '
through Sunday l^

Women's Swimming
atSMU
Men's gymnastics
at San Jose State
Wrestling
vs. Fresno State 7:30 p.m
at Burnham Pavilion

February 3-5

SATURDAY

Men's Swimming
vs. UsCt 12:00 p.m
at deduerre Pool v
I ** | ! | * *
Track Xj !> :
at Reno Invrte

Rugby
at St. Mary's
Sailing .< |
at UC-Santa Cruz
Women's swimming
at Texas

Men's basketball
vs. Oregon State 7:30 p.m
at Maples Pavilion
Women's basketbal
at Oregon State
at All Cal Tourney

Fencing
at UCSD
MM

SUNDAY

V s . ) p.m.
FRIDAY

•pWIpiipKSWM)
Men's volleyball
Women** Oymnartlcs
vs. UCSD, UC-Davis|
Seattle Pacific p.m
at Maples Pavilion

Men's swimming
vs. UCSB 1:00 p.m
at deGuerre Pool * „ j
Baseball j/T
at Cal State Fullerton '
through Sunday l^

Women's Swimming
atSMU
Men's gymnastics
at San Jose State
Wrestling
vs. Fresno State 7:30 p.m
at Burnham Pavilion

February 3-5

SATURDAY

Men's Swimming
vs. UsCt 12:00 p.m
at deduerre Pool v
I ** | ! | * *
Track Xj !> :
at Reno Invrte

Rugby
at St. Mary's
Sailing .< |
at UC-Santa Cruz
Women's swimming
at Texas

Men's basketball
vs. Oregon State 7:30 p.m
at Maples Pavilion
Women's basketbal
at Oregon State
at All Cal Tourney

Fencing
at UCSD
MM

SUNDAY

V s . ) p.m.
FRIDAY

•pWIpiipKSWM)
Men's volleyball
Women** Oymnartlcs
vs. UCSD, UC-Davis|
Seattle Pacific p.m
at Maples Pavilion

Men's swimming
vs. UCSB 1:00 p.m
at deGuerre Pool * „ j
Baseball j/T
at Cal State Fullerton '
through Sunday l^

Women's Swimming
atSMU
Men's gymnastics
at San Jose State
Wrestling
vs. Fresno State 7:30 p.m
at Burnham Pavilion

February 3-5

SATURDAY

Men's Swimming
vs. UsCt 12:00 p.m
at deduerre Pool v
I ** | ! | * *
Track Xj !> :
at Reno Invrte

Rugby
at St. Mary's
Sailing .< |
at UC-Santa Cruz
Women's swimming
at Texas

Men's basketball
vs. Oregon State 7:30 p.m
at Maples Pavilion
Women's basketbal
at Oregon State
at All Cal Tourney

Fencing
at UCSD
MM

SUNDAY

V s . ) p.m.
FRIDAY

•pWIpiipKSWM)
Men's volleyball
Women** Oymnartlcs
vs. UCSD, UC-Davis|
Seattle Pacific p.m
at Maples Pavilion

Men's swimming
vs. UCSB 1:00 p.m
at deGuerre Pool * „ j
Baseball j/T
at Cal State Fullerton '
through Sunday l^

Women's Swimming
atSMU
Men's gymnastics
at San Jose State
Wrestling
vs. Fresno State 7:30 p.m
at Burnham Pavilion

February 3-5

SATURDAY

Men's Swimming
vs. UsCt 12:00 p.m
at deduerre Pool v
I ** | ! | * *
Track Xj !> :
at Reno Invrte

Rugby
at St. Mary's
Sailing .< |
at UC-Santa Cruz
Women's swimming
at Texas

Men's basketball
vs. Oregon State 7:30 p.m
at Maples Pavilion
Women's basketbal
at Oregon State
at All Cal Tourney

Fencing
at UCSD
MM

SUNDAY

V s . ) p.m.
FRIDAY

•pWIpiipKSWM)
Men's volleyball
Women** Oymnartlcs
vs. UCSD, UC-Davis|
Seattle Pacific p.m
at Maples Pavilion

Men's swimming
vs. UCSB 1:00 p.m
at deGuerre Pool * „ j
Baseball j/T
at Cal State Fullerton '
through Sunday l^

Women's Swimming
atSMU
Men's gymnastics
at San Jose State
Wrestling
vs. Fresno State 7:30 p.m
at Burnham Pavilion

February 3-5

SATURDAY

Men's Swimming
vs. UsCt 12:00 p.m
at deduerre Pool v
I ** | ! | * *
Track Xj !> :
at Reno Invrte

Rugby
at St. Mary's
Sailing .< |
at UC-Santa Cruz
Women's swimming
at Texas

Men's basketball
vs. Oregon State 7:30 p.m
at Maples Pavilion
Women's basketbal
at Oregon State
at All Cal Tourney

Fencing
at UCSD
MM

SUNDAY

V s . ) p.m.
