# Pamphlet by Professor Newsom.
## 
### 
At the request of the director of
the Agricultural Experiment Sta
tion, Professor Newsom lias pre
pared and sent in for publication a
report upon the phosphate rocks of
the State of Arkansas. It will be
issued as a special bulletin of the
state, and will make a pamphlet of
about seventy-five printed pages.
At the request of the director of
the Agricultural Experiment Sta
tion, Professor Newsom lias pre
pared and sent in for publication a
report upon the phosphate rocks of
the State of Arkansas. It will be
issued as a special bulletin of the
state, and will make a pamphlet of
about seventy-five printed pages.
At the request of the director of
the Agricultural Experiment Sta
tion, Professor Newsom lias pre
pared and sent in for publication a
report upon the phosphate rocks of
the State of Arkansas. It will be
issued as a special bulletin of the
state, and will make a pamphlet of
about seventy-five printed pages.
At the request of the director of
the Agricultural Experiment Sta
tion, Professor Newsom lias pre
pared and sent in for publication a
report upon the phosphate rocks of
the State of Arkansas. It will be
issued as a special bulletin of the
state, and will make a pamphlet of
about seventy-five printed pages.
At the request of the director of
the Agricultural Experiment Sta
tion, Professor Newsom lias pre
pared and sent in for publication a
report upon the phosphate rocks of
the State of Arkansas. It will be
issued as a special bulletin of the
state, and will make a pamphlet of
about seventy-five printed pages.
At the request of the director of
the Agricultural Experiment Sta
tion, Professor Newsom lias pre
pared and sent in for publication a
report upon the phosphate rocks of
the State of Arkansas. It will be
issued as a special bulletin of the
state, and will make a pamphlet of
about seventy-five printed pages.
At the request of the director of
the Agricultural Experiment Sta
tion, Professor Newsom lias pre
pared and sent in for publication a
report upon the phosphate rocks of
the State of Arkansas. It will be
issued as a special bulletin of the
state, and will make a pamphlet of
about seventy-five printed pages.
