# Eastern Basket-ball.
## 
### 
The following intercollegiate
basket-bii 11 games were played in
the East Saturday, January 25th:
Princeton 44, Columbia 12; Am
herst 45. Holy Cross 31; Williams
45, Brown 19. Columbia has been
defeated by Yale by the score of
48 to 3.
The following intercollegiate
basket-bii 11 games were played in
the East Saturday, January 25th:
Princeton 44, Columbia 12; Am
herst 45. Holy Cross 31; Williams
45, Brown 19. Columbia has been
defeated by Yale by the score of
48 to 3.
The following intercollegiate
basket-bii 11 games were played in
the East Saturday, January 25th:
Princeton 44, Columbia 12; Am
herst 45. Holy Cross 31; Williams
45, Brown 19. Columbia has been
defeated by Yale by the score of
48 to 3.
The following intercollegiate
basket-bii 11 games were played in
the East Saturday, January 25th:
Princeton 44, Columbia 12; Am
herst 45. Holy Cross 31; Williams
45, Brown 19. Columbia has been
defeated by Yale by the score of
48 to 3.
The following intercollegiate
basket-bii 11 games were played in
the East Saturday, January 25th:
Princeton 44, Columbia 12; Am
herst 45. Holy Cross 31; Williams
45, Brown 19. Columbia has been
defeated by Yale by the score of
48 to 3.
The following intercollegiate
basket-bii 11 games were played in
the East Saturday, January 25th:
Princeton 44, Columbia 12; Am
herst 45. Holy Cross 31; Williams
45, Brown 19. Columbia has been
defeated by Yale by the score of
48 to 3.
The following intercollegiate
basket-bii 11 games were played in
the East Saturday, January 25th:
Princeton 44, Columbia 12; Am
herst 45. Holy Cross 31; Williams
45, Brown 19. Columbia has been
defeated by Yale by the score of
48 to 3.
