# Untitled Article
## 
### 
— Professor S. J. McLean of the
Economics department returned to
the University to-day after a two
weeks' absence.
— Professor S. J. McLean of the
Economics department returned to
the University to-day after a two
weeks' absence.
— Professor S. J. McLean of the
Economics department returned to
the University to-day after a two
weeks' absence.
— Professor S. J. McLean of the
Economics department returned to
the University to-day after a two
weeks' absence.
— Professor S. J. McLean of the
Economics department returned to
the University to-day after a two
weeks' absence.
— Professor S. J. McLean of the
Economics department returned to
the University to-day after a two
weeks' absence.
— Professor S. J. McLean of the
Economics department returned to
the University to-day after a two
weeks' absence.
— Professor S. J. McLean of the
Economics department returned to
the University to-day after a two
weeks' absence.
