# WILL MEET U. OF P.
## FRESHMEN TO MEET UNIVERSITY OF PACIFIC ELEVEN. Substitute Game Scheduled by Acting-Manager Thomas Because Alameda Could Not Play. 
### 
The Freshmen will play the
eleven from the University of the
Pacific to morrow afternoon at 4
o'clock, iiihtead of the team from
the Alameda High School. The
high school players could not come
because four of their players have
been injured recently. The Uni
versity of the Pacific line-up has
not been received. The first Fresh
man line-up will be as follows:
Clark, left end; Johnson, left
tackle; Minturn, left guard; Bar
more, center; Wildeman, right
guard; Crawford, right tackle;
Burcham, right end; Holman,
quarter-back; Parma, right half
back; Torney, left half-back;
Whitehead, full-back. Moriarity
will serve as referee. One admis
sion of 50 cents will be charged to
the two games.
The Freshmen will play the
eleven from the University of the
Pacific to morrow afternoon at 4
o'clock, iiihtead of the team from
the Alameda High School. The
high school players could not come
because four of their players have
been injured recently. The Uni
versity of the Pacific line-up has
not been received. The first Fresh
man line-up will be as follows:
Clark, left end; Johnson, left
tackle; Minturn, left guard; Bar
more, center; Wildeman, right
guard; Crawford, right tackle;
Burcham, right end; Holman,
quarter-back; Parma, right half
back; Torney, left half-back;
Whitehead, full-back. Moriarity
will serve as referee. One admis
sion of 50 cents will be charged to
the two games.
The Freshmen will play the
eleven from the University of the
Pacific to morrow afternoon at 4
o'clock, iiihtead of the team from
the Alameda High School. The
high school players could not come
because four of their players have
been injured recently. The Uni
versity of the Pacific line-up has
not been received. The first Fresh
man line-up will be as follows:
Clark, left end; Johnson, left
tackle; Minturn, left guard; Bar
more, center; Wildeman, right
guard; Crawford, right tackle;
Burcham, right end; Holman,
quarter-back; Parma, right half
back; Torney, left half-back;
Whitehead, full-back. Moriarity
will serve as referee. One admis
sion of 50 cents will be charged to
the two games.
The Freshmen will play the
eleven from the University of the
Pacific to morrow afternoon at 4
o'clock, iiihtead of the team from
the Alameda High School. The
high school players could not come
because four of their players have
been injured recently. The Uni
versity of the Pacific line-up has
not been received. The first Fresh
man line-up will be as follows:
Clark, left end; Johnson, left
tackle; Minturn, left guard; Bar
more, center; Wildeman, right
guard; Crawford, right tackle;
Burcham, right end; Holman,
quarter-back; Parma, right half
back; Torney, left half-back;
Whitehead, full-back. Moriarity
will serve as referee. One admis
sion of 50 cents will be charged to
the two games.
The Freshmen will play the
eleven from the University of the
Pacific to morrow afternoon at 4
o'clock, iiihtead of the team from
the Alameda High School. The
high school players could not come
because four of their players have
been injured recently. The Uni
versity of the Pacific line-up has
not been received. The first Fresh
man line-up will be as follows:
Clark, left end; Johnson, left
tackle; Minturn, left guard; Bar
more, center; Wildeman, right
guard; Crawford, right tackle;
Burcham, right end; Holman,
quarter-back; Parma, right half
back; Torney, left half-back;
Whitehead, full-back. Moriarity
will serve as referee. One admis
sion of 50 cents will be charged to
the two games.
The Freshmen will play the
eleven from the University of the
Pacific to morrow afternoon at 4
o'clock, iiihtead of the team from
the Alameda High School. The
high school players could not come
because four of their players have
been injured recently. The Uni
versity of the Pacific line-up has
not been received. The first Fresh
man line-up will be as follows:
Clark, left end; Johnson, left
tackle; Minturn, left guard; Bar
more, center; Wildeman, right
guard; Crawford, right tackle;
Burcham, right end; Holman,
quarter-back; Parma, right half
back; Torney, left half-back;
Whitehead, full-back. Moriarity
will serve as referee. One admis
sion of 50 cents will be charged to
the two games.
The Freshmen will play the
eleven from the University of the
Pacific to morrow afternoon at 4
o'clock, iiihtead of the team from
the Alameda High School. The
high school players could not come
because four of their players have
been injured recently. The Uni
versity of the Pacific line-up has
not been received. The first Fresh
man line-up will be as follows:
Clark, left end; Johnson, left
tackle; Minturn, left guard; Bar
more, center; Wildeman, right
guard; Crawford, right tackle;
Burcham, right end; Holman,
quarter-back; Parma, right half
back; Torney, left half-back;
Whitehead, full-back. Moriarity
will serve as referee. One admis
sion of 50 cents will be charged to
the two games.
The Freshmen will play the
eleven from the University of the
Pacific to morrow afternoon at 4
o'clock, iiihtead of the team from
the Alameda High School. The
high school players could not come
because four of their players have
been injured recently. The Uni
versity of the Pacific line-up has
not been received. The first Fresh
man line-up will be as follows:
Clark, left end; Johnson, left
tackle; Minturn, left guard; Bar
more, center; Wildeman, right
guard; Crawford, right tackle;
Burcham, right end; Holman,
quarter-back; Parma, right half
back; Torney, left half-back;
Whitehead, full-back. Moriarity
will serve as referee. One admis
sion of 50 cents will be charged to
the two games.
The Freshmen will play the
eleven from the University of the
Pacific to morrow afternoon at 4
o'clock, iiihtead of the team from
the Alameda High School. The
high school players could not come
because four of their players have
been injured recently. The Uni
versity of the Pacific line-up has
not been received. The first Fresh
man line-up will be as follows:
Clark, left end; Johnson, left
tackle; Minturn, left guard; Bar
more, center; Wildeman, right
guard; Crawford, right tackle;
Burcham, right end; Holman,
quarter-back; Parma, right half
back; Torney, left half-back;
Whitehead, full-back. Moriarity
will serve as referee. One admis
sion of 50 cents will be charged to
the two games.
