# Alterations in Assembly Hall.
## 
### 
The stucco columns on the main
loor of the Assembly Hall, whose
appearance was spoiled last term
*y cracking, have heen replaced by
con pillars. Extensive replaster
img and redecorating is also being
one.
The stucco columns on the main
loor of the Assembly Hall, whose
appearance was spoiled last term
*y cracking, have heen replaced by
con pillars. Extensive replaster
img and redecorating is also being
one.
The stucco columns on the main
loor of the Assembly Hall, whose
appearance was spoiled last term
*y cracking, have heen replaced by
con pillars. Extensive replaster
img and redecorating is also being
one.
The stucco columns on the main
loor of the Assembly Hall, whose
appearance was spoiled last term
*y cracking, have heen replaced by
con pillars. Extensive replaster
img and redecorating is also being
one.
The stucco columns on the main
loor of the Assembly Hall, whose
appearance was spoiled last term
*y cracking, have heen replaced by
con pillars. Extensive replaster
img and redecorating is also being
one.
The stucco columns on the main
loor of the Assembly Hall, whose
appearance was spoiled last term
*y cracking, have heen replaced by
con pillars. Extensive replaster
img and redecorating is also being
one.
The stucco columns on the main
loor of the Assembly Hall, whose
appearance was spoiled last term
*y cracking, have heen replaced by
con pillars. Extensive replaster
img and redecorating is also being
one.
The stucco columns on the main
loor of the Assembly Hall, whose
appearance was spoiled last term
*y cracking, have heen replaced by
con pillars. Extensive replaster
img and redecorating is also being
one.
The stucco columns on the main
loor of the Assembly Hall, whose
appearance was spoiled last term
*y cracking, have heen replaced by
con pillars. Extensive replaster
img and redecorating is also being
one.
