# KSU Appoints Summer Staff
## 
### 
KSU's summer staff officers were
named last week by Steve Phil
lips, station manager. Sales man
tiger is Bill Kane, program direc
tor is Joe Balogh, chief engineer is
Jack Wernli, and station relations
manager is Cal Pappas. Other de
partment heads are Jinni Law, mu
sic; George Stevens, news; Norma
Chaplain, traffic; Allan Day, sports;
and Steve Butler, continuity.
Students attending the Radio In
stitute are handling much of the
station's activities. However, Phil
lips said, anyone interested can
come out for positions regardless of
experience.
The station will take a vacation
Sunday and Monday along with the
rest of the campus. Operations this
quarter will extend to Aug. 19.
