# Adv. 8 Page 5
## 
### 
The Village Film Society
presents
I Odd Man Out
I Superb English dramatic
thriller
I with
t JAMES MASON and
KATHRYN RYAN
I
Sunday Nisjht
I May 22—6:45 and 8:45
Little Theater
i STANFORD VILLACE
The Village Film Society
presents
I Odd Man Out
I Superb English dramatic
thriller
I with
t JAMES MASON and
KATHRYN RYAN
I
Sunday Nisjht
I May 22—6:45 and 8:45
Little Theater
i STANFORD VILLACE
The Village Film Society
presents
I Odd Man Out
I Superb English dramatic
thriller
I with
t JAMES MASON and
KATHRYN RYAN
I
Sunday Nisjht
I May 22—6:45 and 8:45
Little Theater
i STANFORD VILLACE
The Village Film Society
presents
I Odd Man Out
I Superb English dramatic
thriller
I with
t JAMES MASON and
KATHRYN RYAN
I
Sunday Nisjht
I May 22—6:45 and 8:45
Little Theater
i STANFORD VILLACE
The Village Film Society
presents
I Odd Man Out
I Superb English dramatic
thriller
I with
t JAMES MASON and
KATHRYN RYAN
I
Sunday Nisjht
I May 22—6:45 and 8:45
Little Theater
i STANFORD VILLACE
The Village Film Society
presents
I Odd Man Out
I Superb English dramatic
thriller
I with
t JAMES MASON and
KATHRYN RYAN
I
Sunday Nisjht
I May 22—6:45 and 8:45
Little Theater
i STANFORD VILLACE
The Village Film Society
presents
I Odd Man Out
I Superb English dramatic
thriller
I with
t JAMES MASON and
KATHRYN RYAN
I
Sunday Nisjht
I May 22—6:45 and 8:45
Little Theater
i STANFORD VILLACE
The Village Film Society
presents
I Odd Man Out
I Superb English dramatic
thriller
I with
t JAMES MASON and
KATHRYN RYAN
I
Sunday Nisjht
I May 22—6:45 and 8:45
Little Theater
i STANFORD VILLACE
The Village Film Society
presents
I Odd Man Out
I Superb English dramatic
thriller
I with
t JAMES MASON and
KATHRYN RYAN
I
Sunday Nisjht
I May 22—6:45 and 8:45
Little Theater
i STANFORD VILLACE
The Village Film Society
presents
I Odd Man Out
I Superb English dramatic
thriller
I with
t JAMES MASON and
KATHRYN RYAN
I
Sunday Nisjht
I May 22—6:45 and 8:45
Little Theater
i STANFORD VILLACE
The Village Film Society
presents
I Odd Man Out
I Superb English dramatic
thriller
I with
t JAMES MASON and
KATHRYN RYAN
I
Sunday Nisjht
I May 22—6:45 and 8:45
Little Theater
i STANFORD VILLACE
The Village Film Society
presents
I Odd Man Out
I Superb English dramatic
thriller
I with
t JAMES MASON and
KATHRYN RYAN
I
Sunday Nisjht
I May 22—6:45 and 8:45
Little Theater
i STANFORD VILLACE
The Village Film Society
presents
I Odd Man Out
I Superb English dramatic
thriller
I with
t JAMES MASON and
KATHRYN RYAN
I
Sunday Nisjht
I May 22—6:45 and 8:45
Little Theater
i STANFORD VILLACE
The Village Film Society
presents
I Odd Man Out
I Superb English dramatic
thriller
I with
t JAMES MASON and
KATHRYN RYAN
I
Sunday Nisjht
I May 22—6:45 and 8:45
Little Theater
i STANFORD VILLACE
