# Untitled Article
## 
### 
There's a new feature on
Dixieland Show." The special s
this week is that Frank Wolff
NOT be on the show. Featured j.
formers 011 George Bahr's show
be King River Bottom Mud and
Original Good Time and Pleas
Band. The program, to be preser
over KSU at 7:30 tonight, was
corded at a recent session of
Stanford Jazz Society.

7:00 p.m.—Music at Seven
7:2s—News
7:.'{o—lht' Dixieland Show
B:oft—Exoom on the Air
S:.'io—Curtain Time
!): 00—Music for Studying
ft:.so—Operation Rhvthm
10:00—Ruff V Ready
lft:.'{ft—Disc Jockey for Hire
11:0ft—News

Those Joy Boys of KSU. ]
Roberts and Bob Gettys, will
pear tonight on Rough 'n' Ready
night at 10. Guest star of the c
ning will be App Eyre. For so
and laughs galore, don't forget
tune in to "Rough 'n' Ready."
