# Mail Order Firm To Interview Men
## 
### 
A representative from the Mont
gomery Ward Company will be here
Monday and Tuesday to interview
men for training in stcre manage
ment. Appointments for interviews
may be made in the Appointment
Service, Temporary Building C.
Men who have been interviewed
previously should meet Mr. L. E.
Warren, district manager.
A representative from the Mont
gomery Ward Company will be here
Monday and Tuesday to interview
men for training in stcre manage
ment. Appointments for interviews
may be made in the Appointment
Service, Temporary Building C.
Men who have been interviewed
previously should meet Mr. L. E.
Warren, district manager.
A representative from the Mont
gomery Ward Company will be here
Monday and Tuesday to interview
men for training in stcre manage
ment. Appointments for interviews
may be made in the Appointment
Service, Temporary Building C.
Men who have been interviewed
previously should meet Mr. L. E.
Warren, district manager.
A representative from the Mont
gomery Ward Company will be here
Monday and Tuesday to interview
men for training in stcre manage
ment. Appointments for interviews
may be made in the Appointment
Service, Temporary Building C.
Men who have been interviewed
previously should meet Mr. L. E.
Warren, district manager.
A representative from the Mont
gomery Ward Company will be here
Monday and Tuesday to interview
men for training in stcre manage
ment. Appointments for interviews
may be made in the Appointment
Service, Temporary Building C.
Men who have been interviewed
previously should meet Mr. L. E.
Warren, district manager.
A representative from the Mont
gomery Ward Company will be here
Monday and Tuesday to interview
men for training in stcre manage
ment. Appointments for interviews
may be made in the Appointment
Service, Temporary Building C.
Men who have been interviewed
previously should meet Mr. L. E.
Warren, district manager.
A representative from the Mont
gomery Ward Company will be here
Monday and Tuesday to interview
men for training in stcre manage
ment. Appointments for interviews
may be made in the Appointment
Service, Temporary Building C.
Men who have been interviewed
previously should meet Mr. L. E.
Warren, district manager.
A representative from the Mont
gomery Ward Company will be here
Monday and Tuesday to interview
men for training in stcre manage
ment. Appointments for interviews
may be made in the Appointment
Service, Temporary Building C.
Men who have been interviewed
previously should meet Mr. L. E.
Warren, district manager.
A representative from the Mont
gomery Ward Company will be here
Monday and Tuesday to interview
men for training in stcre manage
ment. Appointments for interviews
may be made in the Appointment
Service, Temporary Building C.
Men who have been interviewed
previously should meet Mr. L. E.
Warren, district manager.
A representative from the Mont
gomery Ward Company will be here
Monday and Tuesday to interview
men for training in stcre manage
ment. Appointments for interviews
may be made in the Appointment
Service, Temporary Building C.
Men who have been interviewed
previously should meet Mr. L. E.
Warren, district manager.
A representative from the Mont
gomery Ward Company will be here
Monday and Tuesday to interview
men for training in stcre manage
ment. Appointments for interviews
may be made in the Appointment
Service, Temporary Building C.
Men who have been interviewed
previously should meet Mr. L. E.
Warren, district manager.
A representative from the Mont
gomery Ward Company will be here
Monday and Tuesday to interview
men for training in stcre manage
ment. Appointments for interviews
may be made in the Appointment
Service, Temporary Building C.
Men who have been interviewed
previously should meet Mr. L. E.
Warren, district manager.
A representative from the Mont
gomery Ward Company will be here
Monday and Tuesday to interview
men for training in stcre manage
ment. Appointments for interviews
may be made in the Appointment
Service, Temporary Building C.
Men who have been interviewed
previously should meet Mr. L. E.
Warren, district manager.
A representative from the Mont
gomery Ward Company will be here
Monday and Tuesday to interview
men for training in stcre manage
ment. Appointments for interviews
may be made in the Appointment
Service, Temporary Building C.
Men who have been interviewed
previously should meet Mr. L. E.
Warren, district manager.
