# Adv. 11 Page 2
## 
### 
I PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HACE'S
Stanford Music Shop
I PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HACE'S
Stanford Music Shop
I PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HACE'S
Stanford Music Shop
I PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HACE'S
Stanford Music Shop
I PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HACE'S
Stanford Music Shop
I PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HACE'S
Stanford Music Shop
I PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HACE'S
Stanford Music Shop
I PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HACE'S
Stanford Music Shop
I PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HACE'S
Stanford Music Shop
I PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HACE'S
Stanford Music Shop
I PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HACE'S
Stanford Music Shop
I PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HACE'S
Stanford Music Shop
I PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HACE'S
Stanford Music Shop
I PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HACE'S
Stanford Music Shop
I PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HACE'S
Stanford Music Shop
I PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HACE'S
Stanford Music Shop
