# Boxing Matches Start on Tuesday
## 
### 
With 39 men signed up for novice
boxing, preliminaries will be held on
Tuesday at 4 o'clock in the boxing
room. Fred Glober, former Stanford
champ and captain of the team in
1931, will be the referee. There will
be a match in each of the eight
weight divisions.
The finals are to be held on Thurs
day night with Peter Flanagan, for
mer Australian middleweight champ,
acting as referee. Admission to the
finals will be 50 cents; students will
be admitted free with student body
cards.
Any fellows who want to sign up
should do so before Friday night, and
should take their medical exams
right away. John Priddle, boxing in
structor, or Harry Malony, minor
sports director, can be contacted for
information.
