# REBELS SHELL MADRID
## 
### 
MADRID, Nov. 4 (U.R).—Besieging
Rebel armies began shelling Madrid
at 9:20 p.m. after a major offensive
from the south today during which
Loyalist defenders were blasted from
the suburbs of Getal'e and Legancs.
MADRID, Nov. 4 (U.R).—Besieging
Rebel armies began shelling Madrid
at 9:20 p.m. after a major offensive
from the south today during which
Loyalist defenders were blasted from
the suburbs of Getal'e and Legancs.
MADRID, Nov. 4 (U.R).—Besieging
Rebel armies began shelling Madrid
at 9:20 p.m. after a major offensive
from the south today during which
Loyalist defenders were blasted from
the suburbs of Getal'e and Legancs.
MADRID, Nov. 4 (U.R).—Besieging
Rebel armies began shelling Madrid
at 9:20 p.m. after a major offensive
from the south today during which
Loyalist defenders were blasted from
the suburbs of Getal'e and Legancs.
MADRID, Nov. 4 (U.R).—Besieging
Rebel armies began shelling Madrid
at 9:20 p.m. after a major offensive
from the south today during which
Loyalist defenders were blasted from
the suburbs of Getal'e and Legancs.
MADRID, Nov. 4 (U.R).—Besieging
Rebel armies began shelling Madrid
at 9:20 p.m. after a major offensive
from the south today during which
Loyalist defenders were blasted from
the suburbs of Getal'e and Legancs.
MADRID, Nov. 4 (U.R).—Besieging
Rebel armies began shelling Madrid
at 9:20 p.m. after a major offensive
from the south today during which
Loyalist defenders were blasted from
the suburbs of Getal'e and Legancs.
MADRID, Nov. 4 (U.R).—Besieging
Rebel armies began shelling Madrid
at 9:20 p.m. after a major offensive
from the south today during which
Loyalist defenders were blasted from
the suburbs of Getal'e and Legancs.
MADRID, Nov. 4 (U.R).—Besieging
Rebel armies began shelling Madrid
at 9:20 p.m. after a major offensive
from the south today during which
Loyalist defenders were blasted from
the suburbs of Getal'e and Legancs.
MADRID, Nov. 4 (U.R).—Besieging
Rebel armies began shelling Madrid
at 9:20 p.m. after a major offensive
from the south today during which
Loyalist defenders were blasted from
the suburbs of Getal'e and Legancs.
MADRID, Nov. 4 (U.R).—Besieging
Rebel armies began shelling Madrid
at 9:20 p.m. after a major offensive
from the south today during which
Loyalist defenders were blasted from
the suburbs of Getal'e and Legancs.
MADRID, Nov. 4 (U.R).—Besieging
Rebel armies began shelling Madrid
at 9:20 p.m. after a major offensive
from the south today during which
Loyalist defenders were blasted from
the suburbs of Getal'e and Legancs.
MADRID, Nov. 4 (U.R).—Besieging
Rebel armies began shelling Madrid
at 9:20 p.m. after a major offensive
from the south today during which
Loyalist defenders were blasted from
the suburbs of Getal'e and Legancs.
MADRID, Nov. 4 (U.R).—Besieging
Rebel armies began shelling Madrid
at 9:20 p.m. after a major offensive
from the south today during which
Loyalist defenders were blasted from
the suburbs of Getal'e and Legancs.
MADRID, Nov. 4 (U.R).—Besieging
Rebel armies began shelling Madrid
at 9:20 p.m. after a major offensive
from the south today during which
Loyalist defenders were blasted from
the suburbs of Getal'e and Legancs.
MADRID, Nov. 4 (U.R).—Besieging
Rebel armies began shelling Madrid
at 9:20 p.m. after a major offensive
from the south today during which
Loyalist defenders were blasted from
the suburbs of Getal'e and Legancs.
