# Twenty-nine Join Men's Glee Club
## 
### 
Alter a tryout. period of four
weeks, 29 new members have been
added to the Men's Glee Club, an
nounces Charles Runner, manager.
The Glee Club will sing November
17 at a Mothers' Club party on the
campus.
New members are: first tenors
Manville Petteys, Henry Bent, Relfe
S. Ehret, Robert Bolt, Emilio Jaure
gui; second tenors—Harold Schnack,
Powers Cameron, Oliver Cope, Fred
Lake, Wes Lundsteron, George Ty
ler. Ed Wheatfield, Evan Jones, John
Hedelund. Baritones — Hugh Cra
mer, Dick Daley, James Malott, Ar
thur McCuo, James Mills, Car! Phil
lips. Harlow Richards, Warren
Spk'knrd, George Bergman; second
basses — Robert Tuttle, Vernon A.
Brown, Scott Rice, Robert Wood,
James Poore; ami piano — Carl
Deiscnroth.
