# ticket warning
## 
### 
First, a reintroduc
tion.
Ticket Warning is a
new addition to the en
tertainment page - ac
tually we stole the idea
from last spring's vol
ume, but you're not
supposed to know it.
Ticket Warning is de
signed to issue ticket
warnings. When we see
something good we
stick it in here in an ef
fort to keep you from
getting the answer you
generally hear after
waiting until Thursday
night to make arrange
ments. Rather than list
things alphabetically we
have arranged them ac
cording to our own
warped sense of impor
tance - at worst this
should be something
like having the pink sec
tion read for you two
days late.
But what the hell.
Hal Holbrook in "Mark
Twain Tonight!" Sun
day, Feb. 26 at the

Masonic Auditorium
in San Francisco.
Only mail orders are
accepted now — tic
kets are $8.50, 7.50,
6.50. Mail checks to
Downtown Center
Box Office, 325
Mason St., S.F.; en
close stamped, self
addressed envelope
and 50 cents handling
charge. Phone 775-
2021 for information.
Marcel Marceau. Feb. 3,
4 and 5 at 8 p.m.;
Feb. 5 at 2 p.m. Zel
lerbach. $6, 6.75,
7.50 general; $5,
5.50, 6.50 student.
CAL Box office, BASS,
major agencies.
Elvis Costello & the At
tractions. Tuesday,
Feb. 7, 8 p.m. Zeller
bach $5.50, 6.50.
BASS, University Box
Office (642-2561).
Tom Waits. Feb. 19,
Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium, Stanford.
7:30 and 10 p.m. Tic
kets at campus box of
fice.
First, a reintroduc
tion.
Ticket Warning is a
new addition to the en
tertainment page - ac
tually we stole the idea
from last spring's vol
ume, but you're not
supposed to know it.
Ticket Warning is de
signed to issue ticket
warnings. When we see
something good we
stick it in here in an ef
fort to keep you from
getting the answer you
generally hear after
waiting until Thursday
night to make arrange
ments. Rather than list
things alphabetically we
have arranged them ac
cording to our own
warped sense of impor
tance - at worst this
should be something
like having the pink sec
tion read for you two
days late.
But what the hell.
Hal Holbrook in "Mark
Twain Tonight!" Sun
day, Feb. 26 at the

Masonic Auditorium
in San Francisco.
Only mail orders are
accepted now — tic
kets are $8.50, 7.50,
6.50. Mail checks to
Downtown Center
Box Office, 325
Mason St., S.F.; en
close stamped, self
addressed envelope
and 50 cents handling
charge. Phone 775-
2021 for information.
Marcel Marceau. Feb. 3,
4 and 5 at 8 p.m.;
Feb. 5 at 2 p.m. Zel
lerbach. $6, 6.75,
7.50 general; $5,
5.50, 6.50 student.
CAL Box office, BASS,
major agencies.
Elvis Costello & the At
tractions. Tuesday,
Feb. 7, 8 p.m. Zeller
bach $5.50, 6.50.
BASS, University Box
Office (642-2561).
Tom Waits. Feb. 19,
Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium, Stanford.
7:30 and 10 p.m. Tic
kets at campus box of
fice.
First, a reintroduc
tion.
Ticket Warning is a
new addition to the en
tertainment page - ac
tually we stole the idea
from last spring's vol
ume, but you're not
supposed to know it.
Ticket Warning is de
signed to issue ticket
warnings. When we see
something good we
stick it in here in an ef
fort to keep you from
getting the answer you
generally hear after
waiting until Thursday
night to make arrange
ments. Rather than list
things alphabetically we
have arranged them ac
cording to our own
warped sense of impor
tance - at worst this
should be something
like having the pink sec
tion read for you two
days late.
But what the hell.
Hal Holbrook in "Mark
Twain Tonight!" Sun
day, Feb. 26 at the

Masonic Auditorium
in San Francisco.
Only mail orders are
accepted now — tic
kets are $8.50, 7.50,
6.50. Mail checks to
Downtown Center
Box Office, 325
Mason St., S.F.; en
close stamped, self
addressed envelope
and 50 cents handling
charge. Phone 775-
2021 for information.
Marcel Marceau. Feb. 3,
4 and 5 at 8 p.m.;
Feb. 5 at 2 p.m. Zel
lerbach. $6, 6.75,
7.50 general; $5,
5.50, 6.50 student.
CAL Box office, BASS,
major agencies.
Elvis Costello & the At
tractions. Tuesday,
Feb. 7, 8 p.m. Zeller
bach $5.50, 6.50.
BASS, University Box
Office (642-2561).
Tom Waits. Feb. 19,
Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium, Stanford.
7:30 and 10 p.m. Tic
kets at campus box of
fice.
First, a reintroduc
tion.
Ticket Warning is a
new addition to the en
tertainment page - ac
tually we stole the idea
from last spring's vol
ume, but you're not
supposed to know it.
Ticket Warning is de
signed to issue ticket
warnings. When we see
something good we
stick it in here in an ef
fort to keep you from
getting the answer you
generally hear after
waiting until Thursday
night to make arrange
ments. Rather than list
things alphabetically we
have arranged them ac
cording to our own
warped sense of impor
tance - at worst this
should be something
like having the pink sec
tion read for you two
days late.
But what the hell.
Hal Holbrook in "Mark
Twain Tonight!" Sun
day, Feb. 26 at the

Masonic Auditorium
in San Francisco.
Only mail orders are
accepted now — tic
kets are $8.50, 7.50,
6.50. Mail checks to
Downtown Center
Box Office, 325
Mason St., S.F.; en
close stamped, self
addressed envelope
and 50 cents handling
charge. Phone 775-
2021 for information.
Marcel Marceau. Feb. 3,
4 and 5 at 8 p.m.;
Feb. 5 at 2 p.m. Zel
lerbach. $6, 6.75,
7.50 general; $5,
5.50, 6.50 student.
CAL Box office, BASS,
major agencies.
Elvis Costello & the At
tractions. Tuesday,
Feb. 7, 8 p.m. Zeller
bach $5.50, 6.50.
BASS, University Box
Office (642-2561).
Tom Waits. Feb. 19,
Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium, Stanford.
7:30 and 10 p.m. Tic
kets at campus box of
fice.
First, a reintroduc
tion.
Ticket Warning is a
new addition to the en
tertainment page - ac
tually we stole the idea
from last spring's vol
ume, but you're not
supposed to know it.
Ticket Warning is de
signed to issue ticket
warnings. When we see
something good we
stick it in here in an ef
fort to keep you from
getting the answer you
generally hear after
waiting until Thursday
night to make arrange
ments. Rather than list
things alphabetically we
have arranged them ac
cording to our own
warped sense of impor
tance - at worst this
should be something
like having the pink sec
tion read for you two
days late.
But what the hell.
Hal Holbrook in "Mark
Twain Tonight!" Sun
day, Feb. 26 at the

Masonic Auditorium
in San Francisco.
Only mail orders are
accepted now — tic
kets are $8.50, 7.50,
6.50. Mail checks to
Downtown Center
Box Office, 325
Mason St., S.F.; en
close stamped, self
addressed envelope
and 50 cents handling
charge. Phone 775-
2021 for information.
Marcel Marceau. Feb. 3,
4 and 5 at 8 p.m.;
Feb. 5 at 2 p.m. Zel
lerbach. $6, 6.75,
7.50 general; $5,
5.50, 6.50 student.
CAL Box office, BASS,
major agencies.
Elvis Costello & the At
tractions. Tuesday,
Feb. 7, 8 p.m. Zeller
bach $5.50, 6.50.
BASS, University Box
Office (642-2561).
Tom Waits. Feb. 19,
Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium, Stanford.
7:30 and 10 p.m. Tic
kets at campus box of
fice.
First, a reintroduc
tion.
Ticket Warning is a
new addition to the en
tertainment page - ac
tually we stole the idea
from last spring's vol
ume, but you're not
supposed to know it.
Ticket Warning is de
signed to issue ticket
warnings. When we see
something good we
stick it in here in an ef
fort to keep you from
getting the answer you
generally hear after
waiting until Thursday
night to make arrange
ments. Rather than list
things alphabetically we
have arranged them ac
cording to our own
warped sense of impor
tance - at worst this
should be something
like having the pink sec
tion read for you two
days late.
But what the hell.
Hal Holbrook in "Mark
Twain Tonight!" Sun
day, Feb. 26 at the

Masonic Auditorium
in San Francisco.
Only mail orders are
accepted now — tic
kets are $8.50, 7.50,
6.50. Mail checks to
Downtown Center
Box Office, 325
Mason St., S.F.; en
close stamped, self
addressed envelope
and 50 cents handling
charge. Phone 775-
2021 for information.
Marcel Marceau. Feb. 3,
4 and 5 at 8 p.m.;
Feb. 5 at 2 p.m. Zel
lerbach. $6, 6.75,
7.50 general; $5,
5.50, 6.50 student.
CAL Box office, BASS,
major agencies.
Elvis Costello & the At
tractions. Tuesday,
Feb. 7, 8 p.m. Zeller
bach $5.50, 6.50.
BASS, University Box
Office (642-2561).
Tom Waits. Feb. 19,
Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium, Stanford.
7:30 and 10 p.m. Tic
kets at campus box of
fice.
First, a reintroduc
tion.
Ticket Warning is a
new addition to the en
tertainment page - ac
tually we stole the idea
from last spring's vol
ume, but you're not
supposed to know it.
Ticket Warning is de
signed to issue ticket
warnings. When we see
something good we
stick it in here in an ef
fort to keep you from
getting the answer you
generally hear after
waiting until Thursday
night to make arrange
ments. Rather than list
things alphabetically we
have arranged them ac
cording to our own
warped sense of impor
tance - at worst this
should be something
like having the pink sec
tion read for you two
days late.
But what the hell.
Hal Holbrook in "Mark
Twain Tonight!" Sun
day, Feb. 26 at the

Masonic Auditorium
in San Francisco.
Only mail orders are
accepted now — tic
kets are $8.50, 7.50,
6.50. Mail checks to
Downtown Center
Box Office, 325
Mason St., S.F.; en
close stamped, self
addressed envelope
and 50 cents handling
charge. Phone 775-
2021 for information.
Marcel Marceau. Feb. 3,
4 and 5 at 8 p.m.;
Feb. 5 at 2 p.m. Zel
lerbach. $6, 6.75,
7.50 general; $5,
5.50, 6.50 student.
CAL Box office, BASS,
major agencies.
Elvis Costello & the At
tractions. Tuesday,
Feb. 7, 8 p.m. Zeller
bach $5.50, 6.50.
BASS, University Box
Office (642-2561).
Tom Waits. Feb. 19,
Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium, Stanford.
7:30 and 10 p.m. Tic
kets at campus box of
fice.
First, a reintroduc
tion.
Ticket Warning is a
new addition to the en
tertainment page - ac
tually we stole the idea
from last spring's vol
ume, but you're not
supposed to know it.
Ticket Warning is de
signed to issue ticket
warnings. When we see
something good we
stick it in here in an ef
fort to keep you from
getting the answer you
generally hear after
waiting until Thursday
night to make arrange
ments. Rather than list
things alphabetically we
have arranged them ac
cording to our own
warped sense of impor
tance - at worst this
should be something
like having the pink sec
tion read for you two
days late.
But what the hell.
Hal Holbrook in "Mark
Twain Tonight!" Sun
day, Feb. 26 at the

Masonic Auditorium
in San Francisco.
Only mail orders are
accepted now — tic
kets are $8.50, 7.50,
6.50. Mail checks to
Downtown Center
Box Office, 325
Mason St., S.F.; en
close stamped, self
addressed envelope
and 50 cents handling
charge. Phone 775-
2021 for information.
Marcel Marceau. Feb. 3,
4 and 5 at 8 p.m.;
Feb. 5 at 2 p.m. Zel
lerbach. $6, 6.75,
7.50 general; $5,
5.50, 6.50 student.
CAL Box office, BASS,
major agencies.
Elvis Costello & the At
tractions. Tuesday,
Feb. 7, 8 p.m. Zeller
bach $5.50, 6.50.
BASS, University Box
Office (642-2561).
Tom Waits. Feb. 19,
Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium, Stanford.
7:30 and 10 p.m. Tic
kets at campus box of
fice.
First, a reintroduc
tion.
Ticket Warning is a
new addition to the en
tertainment page - ac
tually we stole the idea
from last spring's vol
ume, but you're not
supposed to know it.
Ticket Warning is de
signed to issue ticket
warnings. When we see
something good we
stick it in here in an ef
fort to keep you from
getting the answer you
generally hear after
waiting until Thursday
night to make arrange
ments. Rather than list
things alphabetically we
have arranged them ac
cording to our own
warped sense of impor
tance - at worst this
should be something
like having the pink sec
tion read for you two
days late.
But what the hell.
Hal Holbrook in "Mark
Twain Tonight!" Sun
day, Feb. 26 at the

Masonic Auditorium
in San Francisco.
Only mail orders are
accepted now — tic
kets are $8.50, 7.50,
6.50. Mail checks to
Downtown Center
Box Office, 325
Mason St., S.F.; en
close stamped, self
addressed envelope
and 50 cents handling
charge. Phone 775-
2021 for information.
Marcel Marceau. Feb. 3,
4 and 5 at 8 p.m.;
Feb. 5 at 2 p.m. Zel
lerbach. $6, 6.75,
7.50 general; $5,
5.50, 6.50 student.
CAL Box office, BASS,
major agencies.
Elvis Costello & the At
tractions. Tuesday,
Feb. 7, 8 p.m. Zeller
bach $5.50, 6.50.
BASS, University Box
Office (642-2561).
Tom Waits. Feb. 19,
Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium, Stanford.
7:30 and 10 p.m. Tic
kets at campus box of
fice.
First, a reintroduc
tion.
Ticket Warning is a
new addition to the en
tertainment page - ac
tually we stole the idea
from last spring's vol
ume, but you're not
supposed to know it.
Ticket Warning is de
signed to issue ticket
warnings. When we see
something good we
stick it in here in an ef
fort to keep you from
getting the answer you
generally hear after
waiting until Thursday
night to make arrange
ments. Rather than list
things alphabetically we
have arranged them ac
cording to our own
warped sense of impor
tance - at worst this
should be something
like having the pink sec
tion read for you two
days late.
But what the hell.
Hal Holbrook in "Mark
Twain Tonight!" Sun
day, Feb. 26 at the

Masonic Auditorium
in San Francisco.
Only mail orders are
accepted now — tic
kets are $8.50, 7.50,
6.50. Mail checks to
Downtown Center
Box Office, 325
Mason St., S.F.; en
close stamped, self
addressed envelope
and 50 cents handling
charge. Phone 775-
2021 for information.
Marcel Marceau. Feb. 3,
4 and 5 at 8 p.m.;
Feb. 5 at 2 p.m. Zel
lerbach. $6, 6.75,
7.50 general; $5,
5.50, 6.50 student.
CAL Box office, BASS,
major agencies.
Elvis Costello & the At
tractions. Tuesday,
Feb. 7, 8 p.m. Zeller
bach $5.50, 6.50.
BASS, University Box
Office (642-2561).
Tom Waits. Feb. 19,
Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium, Stanford.
7:30 and 10 p.m. Tic
kets at campus box of
fice.
First, a reintroduc
tion.
Ticket Warning is a
new addition to the en
tertainment page - ac
tually we stole the idea
from last spring's vol
ume, but you're not
supposed to know it.
Ticket Warning is de
signed to issue ticket
warnings. When we see
something good we
stick it in here in an ef
fort to keep you from
getting the answer you
generally hear after
waiting until Thursday
night to make arrange
ments. Rather than list
things alphabetically we
have arranged them ac
cording to our own
warped sense of impor
tance - at worst this
should be something
like having the pink sec
tion read for you two
days late.
But what the hell.
Hal Holbrook in "Mark
Twain Tonight!" Sun
day, Feb. 26 at the

Masonic Auditorium
in San Francisco.
Only mail orders are
accepted now — tic
kets are $8.50, 7.50,
6.50. Mail checks to
Downtown Center
Box Office, 325
Mason St., S.F.; en
close stamped, self
addressed envelope
and 50 cents handling
charge. Phone 775-
2021 for information.
Marcel Marceau. Feb. 3,
4 and 5 at 8 p.m.;
Feb. 5 at 2 p.m. Zel
lerbach. $6, 6.75,
7.50 general; $5,
5.50, 6.50 student.
CAL Box office, BASS,
major agencies.
Elvis Costello & the At
tractions. Tuesday,
Feb. 7, 8 p.m. Zeller
bach $5.50, 6.50.
BASS, University Box
Office (642-2561).
Tom Waits. Feb. 19,
Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium, Stanford.
7:30 and 10 p.m. Tic
kets at campus box of
fice.
First, a reintroduc
tion.
Ticket Warning is a
new addition to the en
tertainment page - ac
tually we stole the idea
from last spring's vol
ume, but you're not
supposed to know it.
Ticket Warning is de
signed to issue ticket
warnings. When we see
something good we
stick it in here in an ef
fort to keep you from
getting the answer you
generally hear after
waiting until Thursday
night to make arrange
ments. Rather than list
things alphabetically we
have arranged them ac
cording to our own
warped sense of impor
tance - at worst this
should be something
like having the pink sec
tion read for you two
days late.
But what the hell.
Hal Holbrook in "Mark
Twain Tonight!" Sun
day, Feb. 26 at the

Masonic Auditorium
in San Francisco.
Only mail orders are
accepted now — tic
kets are $8.50, 7.50,
6.50. Mail checks to
Downtown Center
Box Office, 325
Mason St., S.F.; en
close stamped, self
addressed envelope
and 50 cents handling
charge. Phone 775-
2021 for information.
Marcel Marceau. Feb. 3,
4 and 5 at 8 p.m.;
Feb. 5 at 2 p.m. Zel
lerbach. $6, 6.75,
7.50 general; $5,
5.50, 6.50 student.
CAL Box office, BASS,
major agencies.
Elvis Costello & the At
tractions. Tuesday,
Feb. 7, 8 p.m. Zeller
bach $5.50, 6.50.
BASS, University Box
Office (642-2561).
Tom Waits. Feb. 19,
Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium, Stanford.
7:30 and 10 p.m. Tic
kets at campus box of
fice.
First, a reintroduc
tion.
Ticket Warning is a
new addition to the en
tertainment page - ac
tually we stole the idea
from last spring's vol
ume, but you're not
supposed to know it.
Ticket Warning is de
signed to issue ticket
warnings. When we see
something good we
stick it in here in an ef
fort to keep you from
getting the answer you
generally hear after
waiting until Thursday
night to make arrange
ments. Rather than list
things alphabetically we
have arranged them ac
cording to our own
warped sense of impor
tance - at worst this
should be something
like having the pink sec
tion read for you two
days late.
But what the hell.
Hal Holbrook in "Mark
Twain Tonight!" Sun
day, Feb. 26 at the

Masonic Auditorium
in San Francisco.
Only mail orders are
accepted now — tic
kets are $8.50, 7.50,
6.50. Mail checks to
Downtown Center
Box Office, 325
Mason St., S.F.; en
close stamped, self
addressed envelope
and 50 cents handling
charge. Phone 775-
2021 for information.
Marcel Marceau. Feb. 3,
4 and 5 at 8 p.m.;
Feb. 5 at 2 p.m. Zel
lerbach. $6, 6.75,
7.50 general; $5,
5.50, 6.50 student.
CAL Box office, BASS,
major agencies.
Elvis Costello & the At
tractions. Tuesday,
Feb. 7, 8 p.m. Zeller
bach $5.50, 6.50.
BASS, University Box
Office (642-2561).
Tom Waits. Feb. 19,
Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium, Stanford.
7:30 and 10 p.m. Tic
kets at campus box of
fice.
