# WAR BRIEFS
## 
### United Press 
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.—U.S.
Army airmen again have rained
demolition and incendiary bombs
on Jap-held Kiska in continuing
almost one-a-day raids to drive
the enemy out of his last remain
ing foothold in the Aleutian Is
lands, the Navy announced to
night.
GEN. Mac ARTHUR'S lIEAD-
Quarters, Australia. Wednesday,
Oct. 14.—Australian jungle troops
have penetrated Japanese defen
sive positions north of Myola, on
the south side of the Owen Stan
ley Mountains of New Guinea, and
they arc continuing to advance
northward over the rugged moun
tains, Allied headquarters an
nounced today.
CAIRO. Oct. 13.—British Spit
fires shot down eight more Axis
raiders over Malta today for a
three-day toll of 113 destroyed
or damaged, and the enemy as
saults on that battered little is
land touched off general air light
ing throughout the Mediterran
ean area.
American Flying Fortresses en
tered the melee to make another
assault on the Axis Libyan sup
ply base of Tobruk, again setting
big fires.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.—U.S.
Army airmen again have rained
demolition and incendiary bombs
on Jap-held Kiska in continuing
almost one-a-day raids to drive
the enemy out of his last remain
ing foothold in the Aleutian Is
lands, the Navy announced to
night.
GEN. Mac ARTHUR'S lIEAD-
Quarters, Australia. Wednesday,
Oct. 14.—Australian jungle troops
have penetrated Japanese defen
sive positions north of Myola, on
the south side of the Owen Stan
ley Mountains of New Guinea, and
they arc continuing to advance
northward over the rugged moun
tains, Allied headquarters an
nounced today.
CAIRO. Oct. 13.—British Spit
fires shot down eight more Axis
raiders over Malta today for a
three-day toll of 113 destroyed
or damaged, and the enemy as
saults on that battered little is
land touched off general air light
ing throughout the Mediterran
ean area.
American Flying Fortresses en
tered the melee to make another
assault on the Axis Libyan sup
ply base of Tobruk, again setting
big fires.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.—U.S.
Army airmen again have rained
demolition and incendiary bombs
on Jap-held Kiska in continuing
almost one-a-day raids to drive
the enemy out of his last remain
ing foothold in the Aleutian Is
lands, the Navy announced to
night.
GEN. Mac ARTHUR'S lIEAD-
Quarters, Australia. Wednesday,
Oct. 14.—Australian jungle troops
have penetrated Japanese defen
sive positions north of Myola, on
the south side of the Owen Stan
ley Mountains of New Guinea, and
they arc continuing to advance
northward over the rugged moun
tains, Allied headquarters an
nounced today.
CAIRO. Oct. 13.—British Spit
fires shot down eight more Axis
raiders over Malta today for a
three-day toll of 113 destroyed
or damaged, and the enemy as
saults on that battered little is
land touched off general air light
ing throughout the Mediterran
ean area.
American Flying Fortresses en
tered the melee to make another
assault on the Axis Libyan sup
ply base of Tobruk, again setting
big fires.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.—U.S.
Army airmen again have rained
demolition and incendiary bombs
on Jap-held Kiska in continuing
almost one-a-day raids to drive
the enemy out of his last remain
ing foothold in the Aleutian Is
lands, the Navy announced to
night.
GEN. Mac ARTHUR'S lIEAD-
Quarters, Australia. Wednesday,
Oct. 14.—Australian jungle troops
have penetrated Japanese defen
sive positions north of Myola, on
the south side of the Owen Stan
ley Mountains of New Guinea, and
they arc continuing to advance
northward over the rugged moun
tains, Allied headquarters an
nounced today.
CAIRO. Oct. 13.—British Spit
fires shot down eight more Axis
raiders over Malta today for a
three-day toll of 113 destroyed
or damaged, and the enemy as
saults on that battered little is
land touched off general air light
ing throughout the Mediterran
ean area.
American Flying Fortresses en
tered the melee to make another
assault on the Axis Libyan sup
ply base of Tobruk, again setting
big fires.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.—U.S.
Army airmen again have rained
demolition and incendiary bombs
on Jap-held Kiska in continuing
almost one-a-day raids to drive
the enemy out of his last remain
ing foothold in the Aleutian Is
lands, the Navy announced to
night.
GEN. Mac ARTHUR'S lIEAD-
Quarters, Australia. Wednesday,
Oct. 14.—Australian jungle troops
have penetrated Japanese defen
sive positions north of Myola, on
the south side of the Owen Stan
ley Mountains of New Guinea, and
they arc continuing to advance
northward over the rugged moun
tains, Allied headquarters an
nounced today.
CAIRO. Oct. 13.—British Spit
fires shot down eight more Axis
raiders over Malta today for a
three-day toll of 113 destroyed
or damaged, and the enemy as
saults on that battered little is
land touched off general air light
ing throughout the Mediterran
ean area.
American Flying Fortresses en
tered the melee to make another
assault on the Axis Libyan sup
ply base of Tobruk, again setting
big fires.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.—U.S.
Army airmen again have rained
demolition and incendiary bombs
on Jap-held Kiska in continuing
almost one-a-day raids to drive
the enemy out of his last remain
ing foothold in the Aleutian Is
lands, the Navy announced to
night.
GEN. Mac ARTHUR'S lIEAD-
Quarters, Australia. Wednesday,
Oct. 14.—Australian jungle troops
have penetrated Japanese defen
sive positions north of Myola, on
the south side of the Owen Stan
ley Mountains of New Guinea, and
they arc continuing to advance
northward over the rugged moun
tains, Allied headquarters an
nounced today.
CAIRO. Oct. 13.—British Spit
fires shot down eight more Axis
raiders over Malta today for a
three-day toll of 113 destroyed
or damaged, and the enemy as
saults on that battered little is
land touched off general air light
ing throughout the Mediterran
ean area.
American Flying Fortresses en
tered the melee to make another
assault on the Axis Libyan sup
ply base of Tobruk, again setting
big fires.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.—U.S.
Army airmen again have rained
demolition and incendiary bombs
on Jap-held Kiska in continuing
almost one-a-day raids to drive
the enemy out of his last remain
ing foothold in the Aleutian Is
lands, the Navy announced to
night.
GEN. Mac ARTHUR'S lIEAD-
Quarters, Australia. Wednesday,
Oct. 14.—Australian jungle troops
have penetrated Japanese defen
sive positions north of Myola, on
the south side of the Owen Stan
ley Mountains of New Guinea, and
they arc continuing to advance
northward over the rugged moun
tains, Allied headquarters an
nounced today.
CAIRO. Oct. 13.—British Spit
fires shot down eight more Axis
raiders over Malta today for a
three-day toll of 113 destroyed
or damaged, and the enemy as
saults on that battered little is
land touched off general air light
ing throughout the Mediterran
ean area.
American Flying Fortresses en
tered the melee to make another
assault on the Axis Libyan sup
ply base of Tobruk, again setting
big fires.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.—U.S.
Army airmen again have rained
demolition and incendiary bombs
on Jap-held Kiska in continuing
almost one-a-day raids to drive
the enemy out of his last remain
ing foothold in the Aleutian Is
lands, the Navy announced to
night.
GEN. Mac ARTHUR'S lIEAD-
Quarters, Australia. Wednesday,
Oct. 14.—Australian jungle troops
have penetrated Japanese defen
sive positions north of Myola, on
the south side of the Owen Stan
ley Mountains of New Guinea, and
they arc continuing to advance
northward over the rugged moun
tains, Allied headquarters an
nounced today.
CAIRO. Oct. 13.—British Spit
fires shot down eight more Axis
raiders over Malta today for a
three-day toll of 113 destroyed
or damaged, and the enemy as
saults on that battered little is
land touched off general air light
ing throughout the Mediterran
ean area.
American Flying Fortresses en
tered the melee to make another
assault on the Axis Libyan sup
ply base of Tobruk, again setting
big fires.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.—U.S.
Army airmen again have rained
demolition and incendiary bombs
on Jap-held Kiska in continuing
almost one-a-day raids to drive
the enemy out of his last remain
ing foothold in the Aleutian Is
lands, the Navy announced to
night.
GEN. Mac ARTHUR'S lIEAD-
Quarters, Australia. Wednesday,
Oct. 14.—Australian jungle troops
have penetrated Japanese defen
sive positions north of Myola, on
the south side of the Owen Stan
ley Mountains of New Guinea, and
they arc continuing to advance
northward over the rugged moun
tains, Allied headquarters an
nounced today.
CAIRO. Oct. 13.—British Spit
fires shot down eight more Axis
raiders over Malta today for a
three-day toll of 113 destroyed
or damaged, and the enemy as
saults on that battered little is
land touched off general air light
ing throughout the Mediterran
ean area.
American Flying Fortresses en
tered the melee to make another
assault on the Axis Libyan sup
ply base of Tobruk, again setting
big fires.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.—U.S.
Army airmen again have rained
demolition and incendiary bombs
on Jap-held Kiska in continuing
almost one-a-day raids to drive
the enemy out of his last remain
ing foothold in the Aleutian Is
lands, the Navy announced to
night.
GEN. Mac ARTHUR'S lIEAD-
Quarters, Australia. Wednesday,
Oct. 14.—Australian jungle troops
have penetrated Japanese defen
sive positions north of Myola, on
the south side of the Owen Stan
ley Mountains of New Guinea, and
they arc continuing to advance
northward over the rugged moun
tains, Allied headquarters an
nounced today.
CAIRO. Oct. 13.—British Spit
fires shot down eight more Axis
raiders over Malta today for a
three-day toll of 113 destroyed
or damaged, and the enemy as
saults on that battered little is
land touched off general air light
ing throughout the Mediterran
ean area.
American Flying Fortresses en
tered the melee to make another
assault on the Axis Libyan sup
ply base of Tobruk, again setting
big fires.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.—U.S.
Army airmen again have rained
demolition and incendiary bombs
on Jap-held Kiska in continuing
almost one-a-day raids to drive
the enemy out of his last remain
ing foothold in the Aleutian Is
lands, the Navy announced to
night.
GEN. Mac ARTHUR'S lIEAD-
Quarters, Australia. Wednesday,
Oct. 14.—Australian jungle troops
have penetrated Japanese defen
sive positions north of Myola, on
the south side of the Owen Stan
ley Mountains of New Guinea, and
they arc continuing to advance
northward over the rugged moun
tains, Allied headquarters an
nounced today.
CAIRO. Oct. 13.—British Spit
fires shot down eight more Axis
raiders over Malta today for a
three-day toll of 113 destroyed
or damaged, and the enemy as
saults on that battered little is
land touched off general air light
ing throughout the Mediterran
ean area.
American Flying Fortresses en
tered the melee to make another
assault on the Axis Libyan sup
ply base of Tobruk, again setting
big fires.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.—U.S.
Army airmen again have rained
demolition and incendiary bombs
on Jap-held Kiska in continuing
almost one-a-day raids to drive
the enemy out of his last remain
ing foothold in the Aleutian Is
lands, the Navy announced to
night.
GEN. Mac ARTHUR'S lIEAD-
Quarters, Australia. Wednesday,
Oct. 14.—Australian jungle troops
have penetrated Japanese defen
sive positions north of Myola, on
the south side of the Owen Stan
ley Mountains of New Guinea, and
they arc continuing to advance
northward over the rugged moun
tains, Allied headquarters an
nounced today.
CAIRO. Oct. 13.—British Spit
fires shot down eight more Axis
raiders over Malta today for a
three-day toll of 113 destroyed
or damaged, and the enemy as
saults on that battered little is
land touched off general air light
ing throughout the Mediterran
ean area.
American Flying Fortresses en
tered the melee to make another
assault on the Axis Libyan sup
ply base of Tobruk, again setting
big fires.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.—U.S.
Army airmen again have rained
demolition and incendiary bombs
on Jap-held Kiska in continuing
almost one-a-day raids to drive
the enemy out of his last remain
ing foothold in the Aleutian Is
lands, the Navy announced to
night.
GEN. Mac ARTHUR'S lIEAD-
Quarters, Australia. Wednesday,
Oct. 14.—Australian jungle troops
have penetrated Japanese defen
sive positions north of Myola, on
the south side of the Owen Stan
ley Mountains of New Guinea, and
they arc continuing to advance
northward over the rugged moun
tains, Allied headquarters an
nounced today.
CAIRO. Oct. 13.—British Spit
fires shot down eight more Axis
raiders over Malta today for a
three-day toll of 113 destroyed
or damaged, and the enemy as
saults on that battered little is
land touched off general air light
ing throughout the Mediterran
ean area.
American Flying Fortresses en
tered the melee to make another
assault on the Axis Libyan sup
ply base of Tobruk, again setting
big fires.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.—U.S.
Army airmen again have rained
demolition and incendiary bombs
on Jap-held Kiska in continuing
almost one-a-day raids to drive
the enemy out of his last remain
ing foothold in the Aleutian Is
lands, the Navy announced to
night.
GEN. Mac ARTHUR'S lIEAD-
Quarters, Australia. Wednesday,
Oct. 14.—Australian jungle troops
have penetrated Japanese defen
sive positions north of Myola, on
the south side of the Owen Stan
ley Mountains of New Guinea, and
they arc continuing to advance
northward over the rugged moun
tains, Allied headquarters an
nounced today.
CAIRO. Oct. 13.—British Spit
fires shot down eight more Axis
raiders over Malta today for a
three-day toll of 113 destroyed
or damaged, and the enemy as
saults on that battered little is
land touched off general air light
ing throughout the Mediterran
ean area.
American Flying Fortresses en
tered the melee to make another
assault on the Axis Libyan sup
ply base of Tobruk, again setting
big fires.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.—U.S.
Army airmen again have rained
demolition and incendiary bombs
on Jap-held Kiska in continuing
almost one-a-day raids to drive
the enemy out of his last remain
ing foothold in the Aleutian Is
lands, the Navy announced to
night.
GEN. Mac ARTHUR'S lIEAD-
Quarters, Australia. Wednesday,
Oct. 14.—Australian jungle troops
have penetrated Japanese defen
sive positions north of Myola, on
the south side of the Owen Stan
ley Mountains of New Guinea, and
they arc continuing to advance
northward over the rugged moun
tains, Allied headquarters an
nounced today.
CAIRO. Oct. 13.—British Spit
fires shot down eight more Axis
raiders over Malta today for a
three-day toll of 113 destroyed
or damaged, and the enemy as
saults on that battered little is
land touched off general air light
ing throughout the Mediterran
ean area.
American Flying Fortresses en
tered the melee to make another
assault on the Axis Libyan sup
ply base of Tobruk, again setting
big fires.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.—U.S.
Army airmen again have rained
demolition and incendiary bombs
on Jap-held Kiska in continuing
almost one-a-day raids to drive
the enemy out of his last remain
ing foothold in the Aleutian Is
lands, the Navy announced to
night.
GEN. Mac ARTHUR'S lIEAD-
Quarters, Australia. Wednesday,
Oct. 14.—Australian jungle troops
have penetrated Japanese defen
sive positions north of Myola, on
the south side of the Owen Stan
ley Mountains of New Guinea, and
they arc continuing to advance
northward over the rugged moun
tains, Allied headquarters an
nounced today.
CAIRO. Oct. 13.—British Spit
fires shot down eight more Axis
raiders over Malta today for a
three-day toll of 113 destroyed
or damaged, and the enemy as
saults on that battered little is
land touched off general air light
ing throughout the Mediterran
ean area.
American Flying Fortresses en
tered the melee to make another
assault on the Axis Libyan sup
ply base of Tobruk, again setting
big fires.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.—U.S.
Army airmen again have rained
demolition and incendiary bombs
on Jap-held Kiska in continuing
almost one-a-day raids to drive
the enemy out of his last remain
ing foothold in the Aleutian Is
lands, the Navy announced to
night.
GEN. Mac ARTHUR'S lIEAD-
Quarters, Australia. Wednesday,
Oct. 14.—Australian jungle troops
have penetrated Japanese defen
sive positions north of Myola, on
the south side of the Owen Stan
ley Mountains of New Guinea, and
they arc continuing to advance
northward over the rugged moun
tains, Allied headquarters an
nounced today.
CAIRO. Oct. 13.—British Spit
fires shot down eight more Axis
raiders over Malta today for a
three-day toll of 113 destroyed
or damaged, and the enemy as
saults on that battered little is
land touched off general air light
ing throughout the Mediterran
ean area.
American Flying Fortresses en
tered the melee to make another
assault on the Axis Libyan sup
ply base of Tobruk, again setting
big fires.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.—U.S.
Army airmen again have rained
demolition and incendiary bombs
on Jap-held Kiska in continuing
almost one-a-day raids to drive
the enemy out of his last remain
ing foothold in the Aleutian Is
lands, the Navy announced to
night.
GEN. Mac ARTHUR'S lIEAD-
Quarters, Australia. Wednesday,
Oct. 14.—Australian jungle troops
have penetrated Japanese defen
sive positions north of Myola, on
the south side of the Owen Stan
ley Mountains of New Guinea, and
they arc continuing to advance
northward over the rugged moun
tains, Allied headquarters an
nounced today.
CAIRO. Oct. 13.—British Spit
fires shot down eight more Axis
raiders over Malta today for a
three-day toll of 113 destroyed
or damaged, and the enemy as
saults on that battered little is
land touched off general air light
ing throughout the Mediterran
ean area.
American Flying Fortresses en
tered the melee to make another
assault on the Axis Libyan sup
ply base of Tobruk, again setting
big fires.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.—U.S.
Army airmen again have rained
demolition and incendiary bombs
on Jap-held Kiska in continuing
almost one-a-day raids to drive
the enemy out of his last remain
ing foothold in the Aleutian Is
lands, the Navy announced to
night.
GEN. Mac ARTHUR'S lIEAD-
Quarters, Australia. Wednesday,
Oct. 14.—Australian jungle troops
have penetrated Japanese defen
sive positions north of Myola, on
the south side of the Owen Stan
ley Mountains of New Guinea, and
they arc continuing to advance
northward over the rugged moun
tains, Allied headquarters an
nounced today.
CAIRO. Oct. 13.—British Spit
fires shot down eight more Axis
raiders over Malta today for a
three-day toll of 113 destroyed
or damaged, and the enemy as
saults on that battered little is
land touched off general air light
ing throughout the Mediterran
ean area.
American Flying Fortresses en
tered the melee to make another
assault on the Axis Libyan sup
ply base of Tobruk, again setting
big fires.
