# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Make
The baseball team
makes its last regular
season appearance today.
Sports, page 7

no
James Wheaton claims
people studying humanities
are making no sense.
Opinions, page 4

mistake
The graduation speaker got
arrested ... but who made
the mistake?
Opinions, page 5

Make
The baseball team
makes its last regular
season appearance today.
Sports, page 7

no
James Wheaton claims
people studying humanities
are making no sense.
Opinions, page 4

mistake
The graduation speaker got
arrested ... but who made
the mistake?
Opinions, page 5

Make
The baseball team
makes its last regular
season appearance today.
Sports, page 7

no
James Wheaton claims
people studying humanities
are making no sense.
Opinions, page 4

mistake
The graduation speaker got
arrested ... but who made
the mistake?
Opinions, page 5

Make
The baseball team
makes its last regular
season appearance today.
Sports, page 7

no
James Wheaton claims
people studying humanities
are making no sense.
Opinions, page 4

mistake
The graduation speaker got
arrested ... but who made
the mistake?
Opinions, page 5

Make
The baseball team
makes its last regular
season appearance today.
Sports, page 7

no
James Wheaton claims
people studying humanities
are making no sense.
Opinions, page 4

mistake
The graduation speaker got
arrested ... but who made
the mistake?
Opinions, page 5

