# Intercollegiate Brotherhood.
## 
### 
An organization known as the
Intercollegiate Brotherhood Las
just issued a pamphlet explaining
its work aruocg the colleges. It
was founded at the summer meeting
at Northfield in 1891, for the piir
pose of enlisting more collegiate
students for all the distinctively
Christian callings. It is in no way
designed to conflict with nor min
imize the work and influence of the
Students' Volunteer Movement, but
rather to co-operate with it. Secre
taries have been appointed for all
the most important colleges in the
United States and much work will
undoubtedly be accomplished.
An organization known as the
Intercollegiate Brotherhood Las
just issued a pamphlet explaining
its work aruocg the colleges. It
was founded at the summer meeting
at Northfield in 1891, for the piir
pose of enlisting more collegiate
students for all the distinctively
Christian callings. It is in no way
designed to conflict with nor min
imize the work and influence of the
Students' Volunteer Movement, but
rather to co-operate with it. Secre
taries have been appointed for all
the most important colleges in the
United States and much work will
undoubtedly be accomplished.
