# An Old Indian Mound.
## 
### 
Last Saturday Mrs Prof. Barnes,
Miss Hill, Bishop, '96, and Macfar
land, '95, made a trip to an old
Indian mound at Castro station,
four miles below Mayficld. They
found several relics, among which
were a mortar and pestle, Hint ar
row heads, and human bones. Mrs.
Barnes contemplates taking the
Pacific Slope History class to the
mound in the near future.
Last Saturday Mrs Prof. Barnes,
Miss Hill, Bishop, '96, and Macfar
land, '95, made a trip to an old
Indian mound at Castro station,
four miles below Mayficld. They
found several relics, among which
were a mortar and pestle, Hint ar
row heads, and human bones. Mrs.
Barnes contemplates taking the
Pacific Slope History class to the
mound in the near future.
