# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The May number of the Overland
Monthly contains an article bj Dr.
Branner on "Proverbs from the
Portuguese."
Last yeir the co-operative society
of Harvard did a business of about
895,000. The object of this society
is to save to students money on
book?, etc.
The first annual meeting of the
Siena Club will be held at the
Academy of Science building in San
Francisco next Saturday at o o'clock
p.m. President -Jordan will preside.
Prof. Brun will lecture to-morrow
evening at the Mayfield M. E.
Church on "Marriage and Divorce."
All students as well as citizens of
Mayfield are invited to be present.
Admission will be free. Prof. Brun
has given cxieful consideration to
this subject and may be expected to
present it in a clear and entertaining
manrn r.
