# Excursion by the Canadian.
## 
### 
A meeting was lielil in Roble yes
terday, of students intending to go
east by the Canadian route. It was
decided to nave one party leave on
the morning of May 20th and the
other on June 21. The first one
will go by boat to Portland, from
there to Tacoraa by rail and then
again take tie steamer to Vancou
ver. At Vancouver their car will
lay over a day and again a day each
at Glacier and Bannf Springs.
These excursions will be in charge
of Canadian officials all the way
through and the best accommoda
tions will be afforded the members.
A meeting was lielil in Roble yes
terday, of students intending to go
east by the Canadian route. It was
decided to nave one party leave on
the morning of May 20th and the
other on June 21. The first one
will go by boat to Portland, from
there to Tacoraa by rail and then
again take tie steamer to Vancou
ver. At Vancouver their car will
lay over a day and again a day each
at Glacier and Bannf Springs.
These excursions will be in charge
of Canadian officials all the way
through and the best accommoda
tions will be afforded the members.
