# Adv. 19 Page 8
## 
### 
You've never
seen anything
like it . . .
A nocturnal animal, if
has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
ctrlines and pics, ears
pizzo at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love It!
You've never
seen anything
like it . . .
A nocturnal animal, if
has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
ctrlines and pics, ears
pizzo at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love It!
You've never
seen anything
like it . . .
A nocturnal animal, if
has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
ctrlines and pics, ears
pizzo at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love It!
You've never
seen anything
like it . . .
A nocturnal animal, if
has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
ctrlines and pics, ears
pizzo at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love It!
You've never
seen anything
like it . . .
A nocturnal animal, if
has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
ctrlines and pics, ears
pizzo at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love It!
You've never
seen anything
like it . . .
A nocturnal animal, if
has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
ctrlines and pics, ears
pizzo at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love It!
You've never
seen anything
like it . . .
A nocturnal animal, if
has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
ctrlines and pics, ears
pizzo at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love It!
You've never
seen anything
like it . . .
A nocturnal animal, if
has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
ctrlines and pics, ears
pizzo at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love It!
You've never
seen anything
like it . . .
A nocturnal animal, if
has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
ctrlines and pics, ears
pizzo at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love It!
