# Adv. 17 Page 4
## 
### 
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
SWING DAT
HAMMER
Warned you last
week a new
Belafonte was
not far away.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
SWING DAT
HAMMER
Warned you last
week a new
Belafonte was
not far away.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
SWING DAT
HAMMER
Warned you last
week a new
Belafonte was
not far away.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
SWING DAT
HAMMER
Warned you last
week a new
Belafonte was
not far away.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
SWING DAT
HAMMER
Warned you last
week a new
Belafonte was
not far away.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
SWING DAT
HAMMER
Warned you last
week a new
Belafonte was
not far away.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
SWING DAT
HAMMER
Warned you last
week a new
Belafonte was
not far away.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
SWING DAT
HAMMER
Warned you last
week a new
Belafonte was
not far away.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
SWING DAT
HAMMER
Warned you last
week a new
Belafonte was
not far away.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
SWING DAT
HAMMER
Warned you last
week a new
Belafonte was
not far away.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
SWING DAT
HAMMER
Warned you last
week a new
Belafonte was
not far away.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
SWING DAT
HAMMER
Warned you last
week a new
Belafonte was
not far away.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
SWING DAT
HAMMER
Warned you last
week a new
Belafonte was
not far away.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
SWING DAT
HAMMER
Warned you last
week a new
Belafonte was
not far away.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
SWING DAT
HAMMER
Warned you last
week a new
Belafonte was
not far away.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
Deadline for Once Around the
Quad items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
SWING DAT
HAMMER
Warned you last
week a new
Belafonte was
not far away.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
