# PAPOOSES TOP SPARTANS
## 
### 
Stanford's yearling s w i m m e r s
blazed their way to a 50 to 24 win
over the San Jose State frosh yes
terday afternoon in the Encina Pools.
Stanford's yearling s w i m m e r s
blazed their way to a 50 to 24 win
over the San Jose State frosh yes
terday afternoon in the Encina Pools.
Stanford's yearling s w i m m e r s
blazed their way to a 50 to 24 win
over the San Jose State frosh yes
terday afternoon in the Encina Pools.
Stanford's yearling s w i m m e r s
blazed their way to a 50 to 24 win
over the San Jose State frosh yes
terday afternoon in the Encina Pools.
Stanford's yearling s w i m m e r s
blazed their way to a 50 to 24 win
over the San Jose State frosh yes
terday afternoon in the Encina Pools.
Stanford's yearling s w i m m e r s
blazed their way to a 50 to 24 win
over the San Jose State frosh yes
terday afternoon in the Encina Pools.
Stanford's yearling s w i m m e r s
blazed their way to a 50 to 24 win
over the San Jose State frosh yes
terday afternoon in the Encina Pools.
Stanford's yearling s w i m m e r s
blazed their way to a 50 to 24 win
over the San Jose State frosh yes
terday afternoon in the Encina Pools.
Stanford's yearling s w i m m e r s
blazed their way to a 50 to 24 win
over the San Jose State frosh yes
terday afternoon in the Encina Pools.
Stanford's yearling s w i m m e r s
blazed their way to a 50 to 24 win
over the San Jose State frosh yes
terday afternoon in the Encina Pools.
Stanford's yearling s w i m m e r s
blazed their way to a 50 to 24 win
over the San Jose State frosh yes
terday afternoon in the Encina Pools.
Stanford's yearling s w i m m e r s
blazed their way to a 50 to 24 win
over the San Jose State frosh yes
terday afternoon in the Encina Pools.
Stanford's yearling s w i m m e r s
blazed their way to a 50 to 24 win
over the San Jose State frosh yes
terday afternoon in the Encina Pools.
Stanford's yearling s w i m m e r s
blazed their way to a 50 to 24 win
over the San Jose State frosh yes
terday afternoon in the Encina Pools.
Stanford's yearling s w i m m e r s
blazed their way to a 50 to 24 win
over the San Jose State frosh yes
terday afternoon in the Encina Pools.
