# Stanford Given Japanese Books
## 
### 
A valuable collec''on of 411 vol
umes in Japanese {..ildishcd in the
17th and 18th centuries was pre
sented anonymously to Stanford
University this week to mark the
visit here of the distinguished
British diplomat and historian, Sir
George Sansom.
I)r. Kaynard C. Swank, Director
of University Libraries, said the
gift includes an Encyclopedia of
China and Japan in 10(i volumes
issued in 1711!.
A valuable collec''on of 411 vol
umes in Japanese {..ildishcd in the
17th and 18th centuries was pre
sented anonymously to Stanford
University this week to mark the
visit here of the distinguished
British diplomat and historian, Sir
George Sansom.
I)r. Kaynard C. Swank, Director
of University Libraries, said the
gift includes an Encyclopedia of
China and Japan in 10(i volumes
issued in 1711!.
A valuable collec''on of 411 vol
umes in Japanese {..ildishcd in the
17th and 18th centuries was pre
sented anonymously to Stanford
University this week to mark the
visit here of the distinguished
British diplomat and historian, Sir
George Sansom.
I)r. Kaynard C. Swank, Director
of University Libraries, said the
gift includes an Encyclopedia of
China and Japan in 10(i volumes
issued in 1711!.
A valuable collec''on of 411 vol
umes in Japanese {..ildishcd in the
17th and 18th centuries was pre
sented anonymously to Stanford
University this week to mark the
visit here of the distinguished
British diplomat and historian, Sir
George Sansom.
I)r. Kaynard C. Swank, Director
of University Libraries, said the
gift includes an Encyclopedia of
China and Japan in 10(i volumes
issued in 1711!.
A valuable collec''on of 411 vol
umes in Japanese {..ildishcd in the
17th and 18th centuries was pre
sented anonymously to Stanford
University this week to mark the
visit here of the distinguished
British diplomat and historian, Sir
George Sansom.
I)r. Kaynard C. Swank, Director
of University Libraries, said the
gift includes an Encyclopedia of
China and Japan in 10(i volumes
issued in 1711!.
A valuable collec''on of 411 vol
umes in Japanese {..ildishcd in the
17th and 18th centuries was pre
sented anonymously to Stanford
University this week to mark the
visit here of the distinguished
British diplomat and historian, Sir
George Sansom.
I)r. Kaynard C. Swank, Director
of University Libraries, said the
gift includes an Encyclopedia of
China and Japan in 10(i volumes
issued in 1711!.
A valuable collec''on of 411 vol
umes in Japanese {..ildishcd in the
17th and 18th centuries was pre
sented anonymously to Stanford
University this week to mark the
visit here of the distinguished
British diplomat and historian, Sir
George Sansom.
I)r. Kaynard C. Swank, Director
of University Libraries, said the
gift includes an Encyclopedia of
China and Japan in 10(i volumes
issued in 1711!.
A valuable collec''on of 411 vol
umes in Japanese {..ildishcd in the
17th and 18th centuries was pre
sented anonymously to Stanford
University this week to mark the
visit here of the distinguished
British diplomat and historian, Sir
George Sansom.
I)r. Kaynard C. Swank, Director
of University Libraries, said the
gift includes an Encyclopedia of
China and Japan in 10(i volumes
issued in 1711!.
A valuable collec''on of 411 vol
umes in Japanese {..ildishcd in the
17th and 18th centuries was pre
sented anonymously to Stanford
University this week to mark the
visit here of the distinguished
British diplomat and historian, Sir
George Sansom.
I)r. Kaynard C. Swank, Director
of University Libraries, said the
gift includes an Encyclopedia of
China and Japan in 10(i volumes
issued in 1711!.
A valuable collec''on of 411 vol
umes in Japanese {..ildishcd in the
17th and 18th centuries was pre
sented anonymously to Stanford
University this week to mark the
visit here of the distinguished
British diplomat and historian, Sir
George Sansom.
I)r. Kaynard C. Swank, Director
of University Libraries, said the
gift includes an Encyclopedia of
China and Japan in 10(i volumes
issued in 1711!.
A valuable collec''on of 411 vol
umes in Japanese {..ildishcd in the
17th and 18th centuries was pre
sented anonymously to Stanford
University this week to mark the
visit here of the distinguished
British diplomat and historian, Sir
George Sansom.
I)r. Kaynard C. Swank, Director
of University Libraries, said the
gift includes an Encyclopedia of
China and Japan in 10(i volumes
issued in 1711!.
A valuable collec''on of 411 vol
umes in Japanese {..ildishcd in the
17th and 18th centuries was pre
sented anonymously to Stanford
University this week to mark the
visit here of the distinguished
British diplomat and historian, Sir
George Sansom.
I)r. Kaynard C. Swank, Director
of University Libraries, said the
gift includes an Encyclopedia of
China and Japan in 10(i volumes
issued in 1711!.
A valuable collec''on of 411 vol
umes in Japanese {..ildishcd in the
17th and 18th centuries was pre
sented anonymously to Stanford
University this week to mark the
visit here of the distinguished
British diplomat and historian, Sir
George Sansom.
I)r. Kaynard C. Swank, Director
of University Libraries, said the
gift includes an Encyclopedia of
China and Japan in 10(i volumes
issued in 1711!.
A valuable collec''on of 411 vol
umes in Japanese {..ildishcd in the
17th and 18th centuries was pre
sented anonymously to Stanford
University this week to mark the
visit here of the distinguished
British diplomat and historian, Sir
George Sansom.
I)r. Kaynard C. Swank, Director
of University Libraries, said the
gift includes an Encyclopedia of
China and Japan in 10(i volumes
issued in 1711!.
A valuable collec''on of 411 vol
umes in Japanese {..ildishcd in the
17th and 18th centuries was pre
sented anonymously to Stanford
University this week to mark the
visit here of the distinguished
British diplomat and historian, Sir
George Sansom.
I)r. Kaynard C. Swank, Director
of University Libraries, said the
gift includes an Encyclopedia of
China and Japan in 10(i volumes
issued in 1711!.
