# Med School Plans To Donate Blood
## 
### 
In the first instance in this area
since World War II of a medical in
stitution giving blood as a unit, per
sonnel of Stanford Medical School.
Nursing School, and Hospitals wili
host a mobile blood donor unit next
Wednesday.
Doctors in charge of the campaign,
which they arc describing as "B-
Day" at the hospital, reported heavy
response in blood donor applications
from all ranks of the 1,400 employees
at the San Francisco medical insti
tution. The goal for the e'rive is 500
units of blood.
In the first instance in this area
since World War II of a medical in
stitution giving blood as a unit, per
sonnel of Stanford Medical School.
Nursing School, and Hospitals wili
host a mobile blood donor unit next
Wednesday.
Doctors in charge of the campaign,
which they arc describing as "B-
Day" at the hospital, reported heavy
response in blood donor applications
from all ranks of the 1,400 employees
at the San Francisco medical insti
tution. The goal for the e'rive is 500
units of blood.
In the first instance in this area
since World War II of a medical in
stitution giving blood as a unit, per
sonnel of Stanford Medical School.
Nursing School, and Hospitals wili
host a mobile blood donor unit next
Wednesday.
Doctors in charge of the campaign,
which they arc describing as "B-
Day" at the hospital, reported heavy
response in blood donor applications
from all ranks of the 1,400 employees
at the San Francisco medical insti
tution. The goal for the e'rive is 500
units of blood.
In the first instance in this area
since World War II of a medical in
stitution giving blood as a unit, per
sonnel of Stanford Medical School.
Nursing School, and Hospitals wili
host a mobile blood donor unit next
Wednesday.
Doctors in charge of the campaign,
which they arc describing as "B-
Day" at the hospital, reported heavy
response in blood donor applications
from all ranks of the 1,400 employees
at the San Francisco medical insti
tution. The goal for the e'rive is 500
units of blood.
In the first instance in this area
since World War II of a medical in
stitution giving blood as a unit, per
sonnel of Stanford Medical School.
Nursing School, and Hospitals wili
host a mobile blood donor unit next
Wednesday.
Doctors in charge of the campaign,
which they arc describing as "B-
Day" at the hospital, reported heavy
response in blood donor applications
from all ranks of the 1,400 employees
at the San Francisco medical insti
tution. The goal for the e'rive is 500
units of blood.
In the first instance in this area
since World War II of a medical in
stitution giving blood as a unit, per
sonnel of Stanford Medical School.
Nursing School, and Hospitals wili
host a mobile blood donor unit next
Wednesday.
Doctors in charge of the campaign,
which they arc describing as "B-
Day" at the hospital, reported heavy
response in blood donor applications
from all ranks of the 1,400 employees
at the San Francisco medical insti
tution. The goal for the e'rive is 500
units of blood.
In the first instance in this area
since World War II of a medical in
stitution giving blood as a unit, per
sonnel of Stanford Medical School.
Nursing School, and Hospitals wili
host a mobile blood donor unit next
Wednesday.
Doctors in charge of the campaign,
which they arc describing as "B-
Day" at the hospital, reported heavy
response in blood donor applications
from all ranks of the 1,400 employees
at the San Francisco medical insti
tution. The goal for the e'rive is 500
units of blood.
In the first instance in this area
since World War II of a medical in
stitution giving blood as a unit, per
sonnel of Stanford Medical School.
Nursing School, and Hospitals wili
host a mobile blood donor unit next
Wednesday.
Doctors in charge of the campaign,
which they arc describing as "B-
Day" at the hospital, reported heavy
response in blood donor applications
from all ranks of the 1,400 employees
at the San Francisco medical insti
tution. The goal for the e'rive is 500
units of blood.
In the first instance in this area
since World War II of a medical in
stitution giving blood as a unit, per
sonnel of Stanford Medical School.
Nursing School, and Hospitals wili
host a mobile blood donor unit next
Wednesday.
Doctors in charge of the campaign,
which they arc describing as "B-
Day" at the hospital, reported heavy
response in blood donor applications
from all ranks of the 1,400 employees
at the San Francisco medical insti
tution. The goal for the e'rive is 500
units of blood.
In the first instance in this area
since World War II of a medical in
stitution giving blood as a unit, per
sonnel of Stanford Medical School.
Nursing School, and Hospitals wili
host a mobile blood donor unit next
Wednesday.
Doctors in charge of the campaign,
which they arc describing as "B-
Day" at the hospital, reported heavy
response in blood donor applications
from all ranks of the 1,400 employees
at the San Francisco medical insti
tution. The goal for the e'rive is 500
units of blood.
In the first instance in this area
since World War II of a medical in
stitution giving blood as a unit, per
sonnel of Stanford Medical School.
Nursing School, and Hospitals wili
host a mobile blood donor unit next
Wednesday.
Doctors in charge of the campaign,
which they arc describing as "B-
Day" at the hospital, reported heavy
response in blood donor applications
from all ranks of the 1,400 employees
at the San Francisco medical insti
tution. The goal for the e'rive is 500
units of blood.
In the first instance in this area
since World War II of a medical in
stitution giving blood as a unit, per
sonnel of Stanford Medical School.
Nursing School, and Hospitals wili
host a mobile blood donor unit next
Wednesday.
Doctors in charge of the campaign,
which they arc describing as "B-
Day" at the hospital, reported heavy
response in blood donor applications
from all ranks of the 1,400 employees
at the San Francisco medical insti
tution. The goal for the e'rive is 500
units of blood.
In the first instance in this area
since World War II of a medical in
stitution giving blood as a unit, per
sonnel of Stanford Medical School.
Nursing School, and Hospitals wili
host a mobile blood donor unit next
Wednesday.
Doctors in charge of the campaign,
which they arc describing as "B-
Day" at the hospital, reported heavy
response in blood donor applications
from all ranks of the 1,400 employees
at the San Francisco medical insti
tution. The goal for the e'rive is 500
units of blood.
In the first instance in this area
since World War II of a medical in
stitution giving blood as a unit, per
sonnel of Stanford Medical School.
Nursing School, and Hospitals wili
host a mobile blood donor unit next
Wednesday.
Doctors in charge of the campaign,
which they arc describing as "B-
Day" at the hospital, reported heavy
response in blood donor applications
from all ranks of the 1,400 employees
at the San Francisco medical insti
tution. The goal for the e'rive is 500
units of blood.
In the first instance in this area
since World War II of a medical in
stitution giving blood as a unit, per
sonnel of Stanford Medical School.
Nursing School, and Hospitals wili
host a mobile blood donor unit next
Wednesday.
Doctors in charge of the campaign,
which they arc describing as "B-
Day" at the hospital, reported heavy
response in blood donor applications
from all ranks of the 1,400 employees
at the San Francisco medical insti
tution. The goal for the e'rive is 500
units of blood.
