# Tryouts for Play Open to Everyone
## 
### 
All-campus tryouts for the philo
sophical comedy "Six Characters in
Search of an Author" will be held
from 7 to 10 p.m. tomorrow in Room
129 of Mem Aud. Tryouts will also
be held Monday.
The play, written by the Italian
dramatist Luigi Pirandello. 1934 No
bel Prize-winner, has several parts
for both men and women. It will be
performed early in April.
All-campus tryouts for the philo
sophical comedy "Six Characters in
Search of an Author" will be held
from 7 to 10 p.m. tomorrow in Room
129 of Mem Aud. Tryouts will also
be held Monday.
The play, written by the Italian
dramatist Luigi Pirandello. 1934 No
bel Prize-winner, has several parts
for both men and women. It will be
performed early in April.
All-campus tryouts for the philo
sophical comedy "Six Characters in
Search of an Author" will be held
from 7 to 10 p.m. tomorrow in Room
129 of Mem Aud. Tryouts will also
be held Monday.
The play, written by the Italian
dramatist Luigi Pirandello. 1934 No
bel Prize-winner, has several parts
for both men and women. It will be
performed early in April.
All-campus tryouts for the philo
sophical comedy "Six Characters in
Search of an Author" will be held
from 7 to 10 p.m. tomorrow in Room
129 of Mem Aud. Tryouts will also
be held Monday.
The play, written by the Italian
dramatist Luigi Pirandello. 1934 No
bel Prize-winner, has several parts
for both men and women. It will be
performed early in April.
All-campus tryouts for the philo
sophical comedy "Six Characters in
Search of an Author" will be held
from 7 to 10 p.m. tomorrow in Room
129 of Mem Aud. Tryouts will also
be held Monday.
The play, written by the Italian
dramatist Luigi Pirandello. 1934 No
bel Prize-winner, has several parts
for both men and women. It will be
performed early in April.
All-campus tryouts for the philo
sophical comedy "Six Characters in
Search of an Author" will be held
from 7 to 10 p.m. tomorrow in Room
129 of Mem Aud. Tryouts will also
be held Monday.
The play, written by the Italian
dramatist Luigi Pirandello. 1934 No
bel Prize-winner, has several parts
for both men and women. It will be
performed early in April.
All-campus tryouts for the philo
sophical comedy "Six Characters in
Search of an Author" will be held
from 7 to 10 p.m. tomorrow in Room
129 of Mem Aud. Tryouts will also
be held Monday.
The play, written by the Italian
dramatist Luigi Pirandello. 1934 No
bel Prize-winner, has several parts
for both men and women. It will be
performed early in April.
All-campus tryouts for the philo
sophical comedy "Six Characters in
Search of an Author" will be held
from 7 to 10 p.m. tomorrow in Room
129 of Mem Aud. Tryouts will also
be held Monday.
The play, written by the Italian
dramatist Luigi Pirandello. 1934 No
bel Prize-winner, has several parts
for both men and women. It will be
performed early in April.
All-campus tryouts for the philo
sophical comedy "Six Characters in
Search of an Author" will be held
from 7 to 10 p.m. tomorrow in Room
129 of Mem Aud. Tryouts will also
be held Monday.
The play, written by the Italian
dramatist Luigi Pirandello. 1934 No
bel Prize-winner, has several parts
for both men and women. It will be
performed early in April.
All-campus tryouts for the philo
sophical comedy "Six Characters in
Search of an Author" will be held
from 7 to 10 p.m. tomorrow in Room
129 of Mem Aud. Tryouts will also
be held Monday.
The play, written by the Italian
dramatist Luigi Pirandello. 1934 No
bel Prize-winner, has several parts
for both men and women. It will be
performed early in April.
All-campus tryouts for the philo
sophical comedy "Six Characters in
Search of an Author" will be held
from 7 to 10 p.m. tomorrow in Room
129 of Mem Aud. Tryouts will also
be held Monday.
The play, written by the Italian
dramatist Luigi Pirandello. 1934 No
bel Prize-winner, has several parts
for both men and women. It will be
performed early in April.
All-campus tryouts for the philo
sophical comedy "Six Characters in
Search of an Author" will be held
from 7 to 10 p.m. tomorrow in Room
129 of Mem Aud. Tryouts will also
be held Monday.
The play, written by the Italian
dramatist Luigi Pirandello. 1934 No
bel Prize-winner, has several parts
for both men and women. It will be
performed early in April.
All-campus tryouts for the philo
sophical comedy "Six Characters in
Search of an Author" will be held
from 7 to 10 p.m. tomorrow in Room
129 of Mem Aud. Tryouts will also
be held Monday.
The play, written by the Italian
dramatist Luigi Pirandello. 1934 No
bel Prize-winner, has several parts
for both men and women. It will be
performed early in April.
All-campus tryouts for the philo
sophical comedy "Six Characters in
Search of an Author" will be held
from 7 to 10 p.m. tomorrow in Room
129 of Mem Aud. Tryouts will also
be held Monday.
The play, written by the Italian
dramatist Luigi Pirandello. 1934 No
bel Prize-winner, has several parts
for both men and women. It will be
performed early in April.
All-campus tryouts for the philo
sophical comedy "Six Characters in
Search of an Author" will be held
from 7 to 10 p.m. tomorrow in Room
129 of Mem Aud. Tryouts will also
be held Monday.
The play, written by the Italian
dramatist Luigi Pirandello. 1934 No
bel Prize-winner, has several parts
for both men and women. It will be
performed early in April.
