# Pre-Reg Hours Start Tuesday
## 
### 
Preregistration for winter
quarter will be held next Mon
day, Tuesday and Wednesday.
There will be no changes in
the preregistration pattern
this quarter.
Students will consult their
advisers at some time during
their special office hours on
these three days. At this time
the advisers will furnish them
with official study list cards
and assist them in filling out
programs.
Advisers’ special office
hours will be posted outside
their offices and at depart
ment or school headquarters.
Students who do not come
for assistance on one of these
three days will forfeit the
privilege of preregistration.
Preregistration for winter
quarter will be held next Mon
day, Tuesday and Wednesday.
There will be no changes in
the preregistration pattern
this quarter.
Students will consult their
advisers at some time during
their special office hours on
these three days. At this time
the advisers will furnish them
with official study list cards
and assist them in filling out
programs.
Advisers’ special office
hours will be posted outside
their offices and at depart
ment or school headquarters.
Students who do not come
for assistance on one of these
three days will forfeit the
privilege of preregistration.
Preregistration for winter
quarter will be held next Mon
day, Tuesday and Wednesday.
There will be no changes in
the preregistration pattern
this quarter.
Students will consult their
advisers at some time during
their special office hours on
these three days. At this time
the advisers will furnish them
with official study list cards
and assist them in filling out
programs.
Advisers’ special office
hours will be posted outside
their offices and at depart
ment or school headquarters.
Students who do not come
for assistance on one of these
three days will forfeit the
privilege of preregistration.
Preregistration for winter
quarter will be held next Mon
day, Tuesday and Wednesday.
There will be no changes in
the preregistration pattern
this quarter.
Students will consult their
advisers at some time during
their special office hours on
these three days. At this time
the advisers will furnish them
with official study list cards
and assist them in filling out
programs.
Advisers’ special office
hours will be posted outside
their offices and at depart
ment or school headquarters.
Students who do not come
for assistance on one of these
three days will forfeit the
privilege of preregistration.
Preregistration for winter
quarter will be held next Mon
day, Tuesday and Wednesday.
There will be no changes in
the preregistration pattern
this quarter.
Students will consult their
advisers at some time during
their special office hours on
these three days. At this time
the advisers will furnish them
with official study list cards
and assist them in filling out
programs.
Advisers’ special office
hours will be posted outside
their offices and at depart
ment or school headquarters.
Students who do not come
for assistance on one of these
three days will forfeit the
privilege of preregistration.
Preregistration for winter
quarter will be held next Mon
day, Tuesday and Wednesday.
There will be no changes in
the preregistration pattern
this quarter.
Students will consult their
advisers at some time during
their special office hours on
these three days. At this time
the advisers will furnish them
with official study list cards
and assist them in filling out
programs.
Advisers’ special office
hours will be posted outside
their offices and at depart
ment or school headquarters.
Students who do not come
for assistance on one of these
three days will forfeit the
privilege of preregistration.
Preregistration for winter
quarter will be held next Mon
day, Tuesday and Wednesday.
There will be no changes in
the preregistration pattern
this quarter.
Students will consult their
advisers at some time during
their special office hours on
these three days. At this time
the advisers will furnish them
with official study list cards
and assist them in filling out
programs.
Advisers’ special office
hours will be posted outside
their offices and at depart
ment or school headquarters.
Students who do not come
for assistance on one of these
three days will forfeit the
privilege of preregistration.
Preregistration for winter
quarter will be held next Mon
day, Tuesday and Wednesday.
There will be no changes in
the preregistration pattern
this quarter.
Students will consult their
advisers at some time during
their special office hours on
these three days. At this time
the advisers will furnish them
with official study list cards
and assist them in filling out
programs.
Advisers’ special office
hours will be posted outside
their offices and at depart
ment or school headquarters.
Students who do not come
for assistance on one of these
three days will forfeit the
privilege of preregistration.
Preregistration for winter
quarter will be held next Mon
day, Tuesday and Wednesday.
There will be no changes in
the preregistration pattern
this quarter.
Students will consult their
advisers at some time during
their special office hours on
these three days. At this time
the advisers will furnish them
with official study list cards
and assist them in filling out
programs.
Advisers’ special office
hours will be posted outside
their offices and at depart
ment or school headquarters.
Students who do not come
for assistance on one of these
three days will forfeit the
privilege of preregistration.
Preregistration for winter
quarter will be held next Mon
day, Tuesday and Wednesday.
There will be no changes in
the preregistration pattern
this quarter.
Students will consult their
advisers at some time during
their special office hours on
these three days. At this time
the advisers will furnish them
with official study list cards
and assist them in filling out
programs.
Advisers’ special office
hours will be posted outside
their offices and at depart
ment or school headquarters.
Students who do not come
for assistance on one of these
three days will forfeit the
privilege of preregistration.
Preregistration for winter
quarter will be held next Mon
day, Tuesday and Wednesday.
There will be no changes in
the preregistration pattern
this quarter.
Students will consult their
advisers at some time during
their special office hours on
these three days. At this time
the advisers will furnish them
with official study list cards
and assist them in filling out
programs.
Advisers’ special office
hours will be posted outside
their offices and at depart
ment or school headquarters.
Students who do not come
for assistance on one of these
three days will forfeit the
privilege of preregistration.
Preregistration for winter
quarter will be held next Mon
day, Tuesday and Wednesday.
There will be no changes in
the preregistration pattern
this quarter.
Students will consult their
advisers at some time during
their special office hours on
these three days. At this time
the advisers will furnish them
with official study list cards
and assist them in filling out
programs.
Advisers’ special office
hours will be posted outside
their offices and at depart
ment or school headquarters.
Students who do not come
for assistance on one of these
three days will forfeit the
privilege of preregistration.
Preregistration for winter
quarter will be held next Mon
day, Tuesday and Wednesday.
There will be no changes in
the preregistration pattern
this quarter.
Students will consult their
advisers at some time during
their special office hours on
these three days. At this time
the advisers will furnish them
with official study list cards
and assist them in filling out
programs.
Advisers’ special office
hours will be posted outside
their offices and at depart
ment or school headquarters.
Students who do not come
for assistance on one of these
three days will forfeit the
privilege of preregistration.
Preregistration for winter
quarter will be held next Mon
day, Tuesday and Wednesday.
There will be no changes in
the preregistration pattern
this quarter.
Students will consult their
advisers at some time during
their special office hours on
these three days. At this time
the advisers will furnish them
with official study list cards
and assist them in filling out
programs.
Advisers’ special office
hours will be posted outside
their offices and at depart
ment or school headquarters.
Students who do not come
for assistance on one of these
three days will forfeit the
privilege of preregistration.
Preregistration for winter
quarter will be held next Mon
day, Tuesday and Wednesday.
There will be no changes in
the preregistration pattern
this quarter.
Students will consult their
advisers at some time during
their special office hours on
these three days. At this time
the advisers will furnish them
with official study list cards
and assist them in filling out
programs.
Advisers’ special office
hours will be posted outside
their offices and at depart
ment or school headquarters.
Students who do not come
for assistance on one of these
three days will forfeit the
privilege of preregistration.
Preregistration for winter
quarter will be held next Mon
day, Tuesday and Wednesday.
There will be no changes in
the preregistration pattern
this quarter.
Students will consult their
advisers at some time during
their special office hours on
these three days. At this time
the advisers will furnish them
with official study list cards
and assist them in filling out
programs.
Advisers’ special office
hours will be posted outside
their offices and at depart
ment or school headquarters.
Students who do not come
for assistance on one of these
three days will forfeit the
privilege of preregistration.
