# Open Meeting at Roble Gymnasium.
## 
### 
Some thirty invited visitors,
largely members of the faculty, at
tended the open meeting of the
Roble Gymnasium Club last even
ing from eight to nine.
Miss Helen. North, president, ex
plained the object and methods of
the club by reading several clauses
from the constitution. She added
that this last meeting of the semes
ter had been opened to friends in
order that they might see the regu
lar work of the club, which was not
departed from last evening. There
were no special features. The first
five minutes were given over to
individual exercise. A military
drill followed, and the squads then
formed for work under the in
structors. The buck and ring per
formances were especially credit
able.
