# Will Debate for Stanford Cup.
## 
### 
Ora Kibby, Roswell Dague, and
Ralph Marx have been chosen to
represent Alameda high school in
the debate with Lodi at Stanford
University next February. The
question, chosen by Lodi, is: "Re
solved, That California should be
divided into two States, the boun
dary line to be settled by proper
authorities." Alameda will have
choice of sides and the judges will
lie appointed at the University.
Ora Kibby, Roswell Dague, and
Ralph Marx have been chosen to
represent Alameda high school in
the debate with Lodi at Stanford
University next February. The
question, chosen by Lodi, is: "Re
solved, That California should be
divided into two States, the boun
dary line to be settled by proper
authorities." Alameda will have
choice of sides and the judges will
lie appointed at the University.
Ora Kibby, Roswell Dague, and
Ralph Marx have been chosen to
represent Alameda high school in
the debate with Lodi at Stanford
University next February. The
question, chosen by Lodi, is: "Re
solved, That California should be
divided into two States, the boun
dary line to be settled by proper
authorities." Alameda will have
choice of sides and the judges will
lie appointed at the University.
Ora Kibby, Roswell Dague, and
Ralph Marx have been chosen to
represent Alameda high school in
the debate with Lodi at Stanford
University next February. The
question, chosen by Lodi, is: "Re
solved, That California should be
divided into two States, the boun
dary line to be settled by proper
authorities." Alameda will have
choice of sides and the judges will
lie appointed at the University.
Ora Kibby, Roswell Dague, and
Ralph Marx have been chosen to
represent Alameda high school in
the debate with Lodi at Stanford
University next February. The
question, chosen by Lodi, is: "Re
solved, That California should be
divided into two States, the boun
dary line to be settled by proper
authorities." Alameda will have
choice of sides and the judges will
lie appointed at the University.
Ora Kibby, Roswell Dague, and
Ralph Marx have been chosen to
represent Alameda high school in
the debate with Lodi at Stanford
University next February. The
question, chosen by Lodi, is: "Re
solved, That California should be
divided into two States, the boun
dary line to be settled by proper
authorities." Alameda will have
choice of sides and the judges will
lie appointed at the University.
Ora Kibby, Roswell Dague, and
Ralph Marx have been chosen to
represent Alameda high school in
the debate with Lodi at Stanford
University next February. The
question, chosen by Lodi, is: "Re
solved, That California should be
divided into two States, the boun
dary line to be settled by proper
authorities." Alameda will have
choice of sides and the judges will
lie appointed at the University.
Ora Kibby, Roswell Dague, and
Ralph Marx have been chosen to
represent Alameda high school in
the debate with Lodi at Stanford
University next February. The
question, chosen by Lodi, is: "Re
solved, That California should be
divided into two States, the boun
dary line to be settled by proper
authorities." Alameda will have
choice of sides and the judges will
lie appointed at the University.
