# Berl Defeated In College Golf Final
## 
### 
Warren Berl, ace Stanford golfer,
became runner-up in the national
collegiate tournament at Des Moines
last Saturday when he was beaten 10
and 8 in the final round by Vincent
d'Antoni of Tulane.
Berl, shooting the most consistent
par and sub-par golf in the tourna
ment, blazed his way through the
early rounds easily, defeating H. R.
Merritt of Yale 5 and 4 in his semi
final match.
Weakened by the six-day grind,
Berl's golf failed in the final match
against d'Antoni. Ragged drives and
poor putting gave him a 79 in the
morning round. D'Antoni, carding a
74, entered the afternoon round 8
upon Berl.
The Stanford ace rallied briefly at
the start of the second nine, but
d'Antoni's 37 took four more holes
in the first nine to end the match.
Berl shot a 42.
