# Steel Construction Topic Of Address By Lee Miller
## 
### 
Stressing the advantages of using
steel for building purposes, Lee H.
Miller, chief engineer of the Ameri
can Institute for Steel Construction,
talked to a group of student engineers
yesterday afternoon in Room 521 on
lern Developments in, Steel Con
struction."
The Institute is an association of
steel manufacturers. Miller came from
Cleveland, Ohio, and is making a tour
of the West in the interests of the
Institute.
Stressing the advantages of using
steel for building purposes, Lee H.
Miller, chief engineer of the Ameri
can Institute for Steel Construction,
talked to a group of student engineers
yesterday afternoon in Room 521 on
lern Developments in, Steel Con
struction."
The Institute is an association of
steel manufacturers. Miller came from
Cleveland, Ohio, and is making a tour
of the West in the interests of the
Institute.
Stressing the advantages of using
steel for building purposes, Lee H.
Miller, chief engineer of the Ameri
can Institute for Steel Construction,
talked to a group of student engineers
yesterday afternoon in Room 521 on
lern Developments in, Steel Con
struction."
The Institute is an association of
steel manufacturers. Miller came from
Cleveland, Ohio, and is making a tour
of the West in the interests of the
Institute.
Stressing the advantages of using
steel for building purposes, Lee H.
Miller, chief engineer of the Ameri
can Institute for Steel Construction,
talked to a group of student engineers
yesterday afternoon in Room 521 on
lern Developments in, Steel Con
struction."
The Institute is an association of
steel manufacturers. Miller came from
Cleveland, Ohio, and is making a tour
of the West in the interests of the
Institute.
Stressing the advantages of using
steel for building purposes, Lee H.
Miller, chief engineer of the Ameri
can Institute for Steel Construction,
talked to a group of student engineers
yesterday afternoon in Room 521 on
lern Developments in, Steel Con
struction."
The Institute is an association of
steel manufacturers. Miller came from
Cleveland, Ohio, and is making a tour
of the West in the interests of the
Institute.
Stressing the advantages of using
steel for building purposes, Lee H.
Miller, chief engineer of the Ameri
can Institute for Steel Construction,
talked to a group of student engineers
yesterday afternoon in Room 521 on
lern Developments in, Steel Con
struction."
The Institute is an association of
steel manufacturers. Miller came from
Cleveland, Ohio, and is making a tour
of the West in the interests of the
Institute.
Stressing the advantages of using
steel for building purposes, Lee H.
Miller, chief engineer of the Ameri
can Institute for Steel Construction,
talked to a group of student engineers
yesterday afternoon in Room 521 on
lern Developments in, Steel Con
struction."
The Institute is an association of
steel manufacturers. Miller came from
Cleveland, Ohio, and is making a tour
of the West in the interests of the
Institute.
Stressing the advantages of using
steel for building purposes, Lee H.
Miller, chief engineer of the Ameri
can Institute for Steel Construction,
talked to a group of student engineers
yesterday afternoon in Room 521 on
lern Developments in, Steel Con
struction."
The Institute is an association of
steel manufacturers. Miller came from
Cleveland, Ohio, and is making a tour
of the West in the interests of the
Institute.
Stressing the advantages of using
steel for building purposes, Lee H.
Miller, chief engineer of the Ameri
can Institute for Steel Construction,
talked to a group of student engineers
yesterday afternoon in Room 521 on
lern Developments in, Steel Con
struction."
The Institute is an association of
steel manufacturers. Miller came from
Cleveland, Ohio, and is making a tour
of the West in the interests of the
Institute.
Stressing the advantages of using
steel for building purposes, Lee H.
Miller, chief engineer of the Ameri
can Institute for Steel Construction,
talked to a group of student engineers
yesterday afternoon in Room 521 on
lern Developments in, Steel Con
struction."
The Institute is an association of
steel manufacturers. Miller came from
Cleveland, Ohio, and is making a tour
of the West in the interests of the
Institute.
Stressing the advantages of using
steel for building purposes, Lee H.
Miller, chief engineer of the Ameri
can Institute for Steel Construction,
talked to a group of student engineers
yesterday afternoon in Room 521 on
lern Developments in, Steel Con
struction."
The Institute is an association of
steel manufacturers. Miller came from
Cleveland, Ohio, and is making a tour
of the West in the interests of the
Institute.
Stressing the advantages of using
steel for building purposes, Lee H.
Miller, chief engineer of the Ameri
can Institute for Steel Construction,
talked to a group of student engineers
yesterday afternoon in Room 521 on
lern Developments in, Steel Con
struction."
The Institute is an association of
steel manufacturers. Miller came from
Cleveland, Ohio, and is making a tour
of the West in the interests of the
Institute.
Stressing the advantages of using
steel for building purposes, Lee H.
Miller, chief engineer of the Ameri
can Institute for Steel Construction,
talked to a group of student engineers
yesterday afternoon in Room 521 on
lern Developments in, Steel Con
struction."
The Institute is an association of
steel manufacturers. Miller came from
Cleveland, Ohio, and is making a tour
of the West in the interests of the
Institute.
Stressing the advantages of using
steel for building purposes, Lee H.
Miller, chief engineer of the Ameri
can Institute for Steel Construction,
talked to a group of student engineers
yesterday afternoon in Room 521 on
lern Developments in, Steel Con
struction."
The Institute is an association of
steel manufacturers. Miller came from
Cleveland, Ohio, and is making a tour
of the West in the interests of the
Institute.
Stressing the advantages of using
steel for building purposes, Lee H.
Miller, chief engineer of the Ameri
can Institute for Steel Construction,
talked to a group of student engineers
yesterday afternoon in Room 521 on
lern Developments in, Steel Con
struction."
The Institute is an association of
steel manufacturers. Miller came from
Cleveland, Ohio, and is making a tour
of the West in the interests of the
Institute.
Stressing the advantages of using
steel for building purposes, Lee H.
Miller, chief engineer of the Ameri
can Institute for Steel Construction,
talked to a group of student engineers
yesterday afternoon in Room 521 on
lern Developments in, Steel Con
struction."
The Institute is an association of
steel manufacturers. Miller came from
Cleveland, Ohio, and is making a tour
of the West in the interests of the
Institute.
Stressing the advantages of using
steel for building purposes, Lee H.
Miller, chief engineer of the Ameri
can Institute for Steel Construction,
talked to a group of student engineers
yesterday afternoon in Room 521 on
lern Developments in, Steel Con
struction."
The Institute is an association of
steel manufacturers. Miller came from
Cleveland, Ohio, and is making a tour
of the West in the interests of the
Institute.
