# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Football practice at Colorado Col
lego ia limited to two hours daily by
the faculty.
Football practice at Colorado Col
lego ia limited to two hours daily by
the faculty.
Football practice at Colorado Col
lego ia limited to two hours daily by
the faculty.
Football practice at Colorado Col
lego ia limited to two hours daily by
the faculty.
Football practice at Colorado Col
lego ia limited to two hours daily by
the faculty.
Football practice at Colorado Col
lego ia limited to two hours daily by
the faculty.
Football practice at Colorado Col
lego ia limited to two hours daily by
the faculty.
Football practice at Colorado Col
lego ia limited to two hours daily by
the faculty.
Football practice at Colorado Col
lego ia limited to two hours daily by
the faculty.
Football practice at Colorado Col
lego ia limited to two hours daily by
the faculty.
Football practice at Colorado Col
lego ia limited to two hours daily by
the faculty.
Football practice at Colorado Col
lego ia limited to two hours daily by
the faculty.
Football practice at Colorado Col
lego ia limited to two hours daily by
the faculty.
Football practice at Colorado Col
lego ia limited to two hours daily by
the faculty.
Football practice at Colorado Col
lego ia limited to two hours daily by
the faculty.
