# Honors Psych Program Set
## 
### 
Application for the honors
program in psychology is now
open to students majoring in
psychology who will he juniors
next fall. The program is de
signed for those students inter
ested in doing research in psy
chology and to encourage stu
dents to do research, to have
closer contact with faculty mem
bens, and in general to have a
more intensive introduction to
psychology.
Interested students should at
tend the information meeting on
Friday, May 6 at 4:15 in room
eB-37 of the Education Building.
Those who cannot attend may
see Dr. Jon Freedman in his of
fice (eB-20) any afternoon this
week or simply pick up applica
tion blanks in the psychology
office (eB-13).
