# EDITORIALS ELSEWHERE
## On Studying Overseas 
### 
For many years now Ameri
can universities have undertaken
extensive overseas operations. A
single university will frequently
become involved in a large va
riety of programs to help one
or another developing country.
Key faculty members are on the
spot undertaking research, of
fering advice, and instituting
and guiding various practical
improvement programs and
projects.
More and more universities
have also been taking their own
students overseas, either on spe
cial study tours or to their own
branch campuses abroad. Stan
ford, a pioneer in overseas edu

cation, now has campuses in
Britain, France, Italy, Germany,
and Austria. It anticipates that
more than half of its undergrad
uates will be spending six
months abroad.
We heartily approve of this
trend. In former times many
students found that by leaving
home and going away to college
they encountered a world that
considerably broadened their
outlook and experience. As sci
entific advances go on shrink
ing today's globe, today's stu
dents must equip themselves to
cope with countless matters of
global impact.
The exposure to another cul
ture, even though it be only par

tial and comparatively brief,
can make an immense differ
ence. It can open up new pers
pectives. It can provide a fresh
vantage point from which to as
sess one's own experience.
Traveling, meeting other peo
ples, living in another country,
learning another language offer
no panacea. It is still up to the
individual student to make the
most of his experience. But life
in another country, whether
spent working for the Peace
Corps, staying in a foreign uni
versity, o: attending an Ameri
can university abroad will not
leave most young people where
it found them. — Christian Sci
ence Monitor.
For many years now Ameri
can universities have undertaken
extensive overseas operations. A
single university will frequently
become involved in a large va
riety of programs to help one
or another developing country.
Key faculty members are on the
spot undertaking research, of
fering advice, and instituting
and guiding various practical
improvement programs and
projects.
More and more universities
have also been taking their own
students overseas, either on spe
cial study tours or to their own
branch campuses abroad. Stan
ford, a pioneer in overseas edu

cation, now has campuses in
Britain, France, Italy, Germany,
and Austria. It anticipates that
more than half of its undergrad
uates will be spending six
months abroad.
We heartily approve of this
trend. In former times many
students found that by leaving
home and going away to college
they encountered a world that
considerably broadened their
outlook and experience. As sci
entific advances go on shrink
ing today's globe, today's stu
dents must equip themselves to
cope with countless matters of
global impact.
The exposure to another cul
ture, even though it be only par

tial and comparatively brief,
can make an immense differ
ence. It can open up new pers
pectives. It can provide a fresh
vantage point from which to as
sess one's own experience.
Traveling, meeting other peo
ples, living in another country,
learning another language offer
no panacea. It is still up to the
individual student to make the
most of his experience. But life
in another country, whether
spent working for the Peace
Corps, staying in a foreign uni
versity, o: attending an Ameri
can university abroad will not
leave most young people where
it found them. — Christian Sci
ence Monitor.
For many years now Ameri
can universities have undertaken
extensive overseas operations. A
single university will frequently
become involved in a large va
riety of programs to help one
or another developing country.
Key faculty members are on the
spot undertaking research, of
fering advice, and instituting
and guiding various practical
improvement programs and
projects.
More and more universities
have also been taking their own
students overseas, either on spe
cial study tours or to their own
branch campuses abroad. Stan
ford, a pioneer in overseas edu

cation, now has campuses in
Britain, France, Italy, Germany,
and Austria. It anticipates that
more than half of its undergrad
uates will be spending six
months abroad.
We heartily approve of this
trend. In former times many
students found that by leaving
home and going away to college
they encountered a world that
considerably broadened their
outlook and experience. As sci
entific advances go on shrink
ing today's globe, today's stu
dents must equip themselves to
cope with countless matters of
global impact.
The exposure to another cul
ture, even though it be only par

tial and comparatively brief,
can make an immense differ
ence. It can open up new pers
pectives. It can provide a fresh
vantage point from which to as
sess one's own experience.
Traveling, meeting other peo
ples, living in another country,
learning another language offer
no panacea. It is still up to the
individual student to make the
most of his experience. But life
in another country, whether
spent working for the Peace
Corps, staying in a foreign uni
versity, o: attending an Ameri
can university abroad will not
leave most young people where
it found them. — Christian Sci
ence Monitor.
For many years now Ameri
can universities have undertaken
extensive overseas operations. A
single university will frequently
become involved in a large va
riety of programs to help one
or another developing country.
Key faculty members are on the
spot undertaking research, of
fering advice, and instituting
and guiding various practical
improvement programs and
projects.
More and more universities
have also been taking their own
students overseas, either on spe
cial study tours or to their own
branch campuses abroad. Stan
ford, a pioneer in overseas edu

cation, now has campuses in
Britain, France, Italy, Germany,
and Austria. It anticipates that
more than half of its undergrad
uates will be spending six
months abroad.
We heartily approve of this
trend. In former times many
students found that by leaving
home and going away to college
they encountered a world that
considerably broadened their
outlook and experience. As sci
entific advances go on shrink
ing today's globe, today's stu
dents must equip themselves to
cope with countless matters of
global impact.
The exposure to another cul
ture, even though it be only par

tial and comparatively brief,
can make an immense differ
ence. It can open up new pers
pectives. It can provide a fresh
vantage point from which to as
sess one's own experience.
Traveling, meeting other peo
ples, living in another country,
learning another language offer
no panacea. It is still up to the
individual student to make the
most of his experience. But life
in another country, whether
spent working for the Peace
Corps, staying in a foreign uni
versity, o: attending an Ameri
can university abroad will not
leave most young people where
it found them. — Christian Sci
ence Monitor.
For many years now Ameri
can universities have undertaken
extensive overseas operations. A
single university will frequently
become involved in a large va
riety of programs to help one
or another developing country.
Key faculty members are on the
spot undertaking research, of
fering advice, and instituting
and guiding various practical
improvement programs and
projects.
More and more universities
have also been taking their own
students overseas, either on spe
cial study tours or to their own
branch campuses abroad. Stan
ford, a pioneer in overseas edu

cation, now has campuses in
Britain, France, Italy, Germany,
and Austria. It anticipates that
more than half of its undergrad
uates will be spending six
months abroad.
We heartily approve of this
trend. In former times many
students found that by leaving
home and going away to college
they encountered a world that
considerably broadened their
outlook and experience. As sci
entific advances go on shrink
ing today's globe, today's stu
dents must equip themselves to
cope with countless matters of
global impact.
The exposure to another cul
ture, even though it be only par

tial and comparatively brief,
can make an immense differ
ence. It can open up new pers
pectives. It can provide a fresh
vantage point from which to as
sess one's own experience.
Traveling, meeting other peo
ples, living in another country,
learning another language offer
no panacea. It is still up to the
individual student to make the
most of his experience. But life
in another country, whether
spent working for the Peace
Corps, staying in a foreign uni
versity, o: attending an Ameri
can university abroad will not
leave most young people where
it found them. — Christian Sci
ence Monitor.
For many years now Ameri
can universities have undertaken
extensive overseas operations. A
single university will frequently
become involved in a large va
riety of programs to help one
or another developing country.
Key faculty members are on the
spot undertaking research, of
fering advice, and instituting
and guiding various practical
improvement programs and
projects.
More and more universities
have also been taking their own
students overseas, either on spe
cial study tours or to their own
branch campuses abroad. Stan
ford, a pioneer in overseas edu

cation, now has campuses in
Britain, France, Italy, Germany,
and Austria. It anticipates that
more than half of its undergrad
uates will be spending six
months abroad.
We heartily approve of this
trend. In former times many
students found that by leaving
home and going away to college
they encountered a world that
considerably broadened their
outlook and experience. As sci
entific advances go on shrink
ing today's globe, today's stu
dents must equip themselves to
cope with countless matters of
global impact.
The exposure to another cul
ture, even though it be only par

tial and comparatively brief,
can make an immense differ
ence. It can open up new pers
pectives. It can provide a fresh
vantage point from which to as
sess one's own experience.
Traveling, meeting other peo
ples, living in another country,
learning another language offer
no panacea. It is still up to the
individual student to make the
most of his experience. But life
in another country, whether
spent working for the Peace
Corps, staying in a foreign uni
versity, o: attending an Ameri
can university abroad will not
leave most young people where
it found them. — Christian Sci
ence Monitor.
For many years now Ameri
can universities have undertaken
extensive overseas operations. A
single university will frequently
become involved in a large va
riety of programs to help one
or another developing country.
Key faculty members are on the
spot undertaking research, of
fering advice, and instituting
and guiding various practical
improvement programs and
projects.
More and more universities
have also been taking their own
students overseas, either on spe
cial study tours or to their own
branch campuses abroad. Stan
ford, a pioneer in overseas edu

cation, now has campuses in
Britain, France, Italy, Germany,
and Austria. It anticipates that
more than half of its undergrad
uates will be spending six
months abroad.
We heartily approve of this
trend. In former times many
students found that by leaving
home and going away to college
they encountered a world that
considerably broadened their
outlook and experience. As sci
entific advances go on shrink
ing today's globe, today's stu
dents must equip themselves to
cope with countless matters of
global impact.
The exposure to another cul
ture, even though it be only par

tial and comparatively brief,
can make an immense differ
ence. It can open up new pers
pectives. It can provide a fresh
vantage point from which to as
sess one's own experience.
Traveling, meeting other peo
ples, living in another country,
learning another language offer
no panacea. It is still up to the
individual student to make the
most of his experience. But life
in another country, whether
spent working for the Peace
Corps, staying in a foreign uni
versity, o: attending an Ameri
can university abroad will not
leave most young people where
it found them. — Christian Sci
ence Monitor.
For many years now Ameri
can universities have undertaken
extensive overseas operations. A
single university will frequently
become involved in a large va
riety of programs to help one
or another developing country.
Key faculty members are on the
spot undertaking research, of
fering advice, and instituting
and guiding various practical
improvement programs and
projects.
More and more universities
have also been taking their own
students overseas, either on spe
cial study tours or to their own
branch campuses abroad. Stan
ford, a pioneer in overseas edu

cation, now has campuses in
Britain, France, Italy, Germany,
and Austria. It anticipates that
more than half of its undergrad
uates will be spending six
months abroad.
We heartily approve of this
trend. In former times many
students found that by leaving
home and going away to college
they encountered a world that
considerably broadened their
outlook and experience. As sci
entific advances go on shrink
ing today's globe, today's stu
dents must equip themselves to
cope with countless matters of
global impact.
The exposure to another cul
ture, even though it be only par

tial and comparatively brief,
can make an immense differ
ence. It can open up new pers
pectives. It can provide a fresh
vantage point from which to as
sess one's own experience.
Traveling, meeting other peo
ples, living in another country,
learning another language offer
no panacea. It is still up to the
individual student to make the
most of his experience. But life
in another country, whether
spent working for the Peace
Corps, staying in a foreign uni
versity, o: attending an Ameri
can university abroad will not
leave most young people where
it found them. — Christian Sci
ence Monitor.
For many years now Ameri
can universities have undertaken
extensive overseas operations. A
single university will frequently
become involved in a large va
riety of programs to help one
or another developing country.
Key faculty members are on the
spot undertaking research, of
fering advice, and instituting
and guiding various practical
improvement programs and
projects.
More and more universities
have also been taking their own
students overseas, either on spe
cial study tours or to their own
branch campuses abroad. Stan
ford, a pioneer in overseas edu

cation, now has campuses in
Britain, France, Italy, Germany,
and Austria. It anticipates that
more than half of its undergrad
uates will be spending six
months abroad.
We heartily approve of this
trend. In former times many
students found that by leaving
home and going away to college
they encountered a world that
considerably broadened their
outlook and experience. As sci
entific advances go on shrink
ing today's globe, today's stu
dents must equip themselves to
cope with countless matters of
global impact.
The exposure to another cul
ture, even though it be only par

tial and comparatively brief,
can make an immense differ
ence. It can open up new pers
pectives. It can provide a fresh
vantage point from which to as
sess one's own experience.
Traveling, meeting other peo
ples, living in another country,
learning another language offer
no panacea. It is still up to the
individual student to make the
most of his experience. But life
in another country, whether
spent working for the Peace
Corps, staying in a foreign uni
versity, o: attending an Ameri
can university abroad will not
leave most young people where
it found them. — Christian Sci
ence Monitor.
For many years now Ameri
can universities have undertaken
extensive overseas operations. A
single university will frequently
become involved in a large va
riety of programs to help one
or another developing country.
Key faculty members are on the
spot undertaking research, of
fering advice, and instituting
and guiding various practical
improvement programs and
projects.
More and more universities
have also been taking their own
students overseas, either on spe
cial study tours or to their own
branch campuses abroad. Stan
ford, a pioneer in overseas edu

cation, now has campuses in
Britain, France, Italy, Germany,
and Austria. It anticipates that
more than half of its undergrad
uates will be spending six
months abroad.
We heartily approve of this
trend. In former times many
students found that by leaving
home and going away to college
they encountered a world that
considerably broadened their
outlook and experience. As sci
entific advances go on shrink
ing today's globe, today's stu
dents must equip themselves to
cope with countless matters of
global impact.
The exposure to another cul
ture, even though it be only par

tial and comparatively brief,
can make an immense differ
ence. It can open up new pers
pectives. It can provide a fresh
vantage point from which to as
sess one's own experience.
Traveling, meeting other peo
ples, living in another country,
learning another language offer
no panacea. It is still up to the
individual student to make the
most of his experience. But life
in another country, whether
spent working for the Peace
Corps, staying in a foreign uni
versity, o: attending an Ameri
can university abroad will not
leave most young people where
it found them. — Christian Sci
ence Monitor.
For many years now Ameri
can universities have undertaken
extensive overseas operations. A
single university will frequently
become involved in a large va
riety of programs to help one
or another developing country.
Key faculty members are on the
spot undertaking research, of
fering advice, and instituting
and guiding various practical
improvement programs and
projects.
More and more universities
have also been taking their own
students overseas, either on spe
cial study tours or to their own
branch campuses abroad. Stan
ford, a pioneer in overseas edu

cation, now has campuses in
Britain, France, Italy, Germany,
and Austria. It anticipates that
more than half of its undergrad
uates will be spending six
months abroad.
We heartily approve of this
trend. In former times many
students found that by leaving
home and going away to college
they encountered a world that
considerably broadened their
outlook and experience. As sci
entific advances go on shrink
ing today's globe, today's stu
dents must equip themselves to
cope with countless matters of
global impact.
The exposure to another cul
ture, even though it be only par

tial and comparatively brief,
can make an immense differ
ence. It can open up new pers
pectives. It can provide a fresh
vantage point from which to as
sess one's own experience.
Traveling, meeting other peo
ples, living in another country,
learning another language offer
no panacea. It is still up to the
individual student to make the
most of his experience. But life
in another country, whether
spent working for the Peace
Corps, staying in a foreign uni
versity, o: attending an Ameri
can university abroad will not
leave most young people where
it found them. — Christian Sci
ence Monitor.
For many years now Ameri
can universities have undertaken
extensive overseas operations. A
single university will frequently
become involved in a large va
riety of programs to help one
or another developing country.
Key faculty members are on the
spot undertaking research, of
fering advice, and instituting
and guiding various practical
improvement programs and
projects.
More and more universities
have also been taking their own
students overseas, either on spe
cial study tours or to their own
branch campuses abroad. Stan
ford, a pioneer in overseas edu

cation, now has campuses in
Britain, France, Italy, Germany,
and Austria. It anticipates that
more than half of its undergrad
uates will be spending six
months abroad.
We heartily approve of this
trend. In former times many
students found that by leaving
home and going away to college
they encountered a world that
considerably broadened their
outlook and experience. As sci
entific advances go on shrink
ing today's globe, today's stu
dents must equip themselves to
cope with countless matters of
global impact.
The exposure to another cul
ture, even though it be only par

tial and comparatively brief,
can make an immense differ
ence. It can open up new pers
pectives. It can provide a fresh
vantage point from which to as
sess one's own experience.
Traveling, meeting other peo
ples, living in another country,
learning another language offer
no panacea. It is still up to the
individual student to make the
most of his experience. But life
in another country, whether
spent working for the Peace
Corps, staying in a foreign uni
versity, o: attending an Ameri
can university abroad will not
leave most young people where
it found them. — Christian Sci
ence Monitor.
For many years now Ameri
can universities have undertaken
extensive overseas operations. A
single university will frequently
become involved in a large va
riety of programs to help one
or another developing country.
Key faculty members are on the
spot undertaking research, of
fering advice, and instituting
and guiding various practical
improvement programs and
projects.
More and more universities
have also been taking their own
students overseas, either on spe
cial study tours or to their own
branch campuses abroad. Stan
ford, a pioneer in overseas edu

cation, now has campuses in
Britain, France, Italy, Germany,
and Austria. It anticipates that
more than half of its undergrad
uates will be spending six
months abroad.
We heartily approve of this
trend. In former times many
students found that by leaving
home and going away to college
they encountered a world that
considerably broadened their
outlook and experience. As sci
entific advances go on shrink
ing today's globe, today's stu
dents must equip themselves to
cope with countless matters of
global impact.
The exposure to another cul
ture, even though it be only par

tial and comparatively brief,
can make an immense differ
ence. It can open up new pers
pectives. It can provide a fresh
vantage point from which to as
sess one's own experience.
Traveling, meeting other peo
ples, living in another country,
learning another language offer
no panacea. It is still up to the
individual student to make the
most of his experience. But life
in another country, whether
spent working for the Peace
Corps, staying in a foreign uni
versity, o: attending an Ameri
can university abroad will not
leave most young people where
it found them. — Christian Sci
ence Monitor.
For many years now Ameri
can universities have undertaken
extensive overseas operations. A
single university will frequently
become involved in a large va
riety of programs to help one
or another developing country.
Key faculty members are on the
spot undertaking research, of
fering advice, and instituting
and guiding various practical
improvement programs and
projects.
More and more universities
have also been taking their own
students overseas, either on spe
cial study tours or to their own
branch campuses abroad. Stan
ford, a pioneer in overseas edu

cation, now has campuses in
Britain, France, Italy, Germany,
and Austria. It anticipates that
more than half of its undergrad
uates will be spending six
months abroad.
We heartily approve of this
trend. In former times many
students found that by leaving
home and going away to college
they encountered a world that
considerably broadened their
outlook and experience. As sci
entific advances go on shrink
ing today's globe, today's stu
dents must equip themselves to
cope with countless matters of
global impact.
The exposure to another cul
ture, even though it be only par

tial and comparatively brief,
can make an immense differ
ence. It can open up new pers
pectives. It can provide a fresh
vantage point from which to as
sess one's own experience.
Traveling, meeting other peo
ples, living in another country,
learning another language offer
no panacea. It is still up to the
individual student to make the
most of his experience. But life
in another country, whether
spent working for the Peace
Corps, staying in a foreign uni
versity, o: attending an Ameri
can university abroad will not
leave most young people where
it found them. — Christian Sci
ence Monitor.
For many years now Ameri
can universities have undertaken
extensive overseas operations. A
single university will frequently
become involved in a large va
riety of programs to help one
or another developing country.
Key faculty members are on the
spot undertaking research, of
fering advice, and instituting
and guiding various practical
improvement programs and
projects.
More and more universities
have also been taking their own
students overseas, either on spe
cial study tours or to their own
branch campuses abroad. Stan
ford, a pioneer in overseas edu

cation, now has campuses in
Britain, France, Italy, Germany,
and Austria. It anticipates that
more than half of its undergrad
uates will be spending six
months abroad.
We heartily approve of this
trend. In former times many
students found that by leaving
home and going away to college
they encountered a world that
considerably broadened their
outlook and experience. As sci
entific advances go on shrink
ing today's globe, today's stu
dents must equip themselves to
cope with countless matters of
global impact.
The exposure to another cul
ture, even though it be only par

tial and comparatively brief,
can make an immense differ
ence. It can open up new pers
pectives. It can provide a fresh
vantage point from which to as
sess one's own experience.
Traveling, meeting other peo
ples, living in another country,
learning another language offer
no panacea. It is still up to the
individual student to make the
most of his experience. But life
in another country, whether
spent working for the Peace
Corps, staying in a foreign uni
versity, o: attending an Ameri
can university abroad will not
leave most young people where
it found them. — Christian Sci
ence Monitor.
