# SUCCESSFUL RALLY.
## Big Crowd Attends Enthusiastic Song Practice in Chapel Last Night. 
### 
The second football rally of the
season was held last night in the
chapel. Six hundred men took part
in the yelling and singing. The
program for the evening was opened
with a selection by the band, and
following this the yelling began.
Special stress was laid upon the
learning of new songs and the
Freshman class yell. A new '08
yell was tried last night and made
a favorable impression, and conse
quently the Freshmen were advised
to decide as soon as possible which
yell the class would adopt, as the
rooters have only one week of prac
tice before the Fresh man game.
Copies cf the songs and yells were
passed around and all of the new
tunes were carefully rehearsed. \ ell
leader Thorpe made a few remarks
in regard to the small number of
rooters who appeared on the bleach
ers at football practice. He im
pressed upon the men the fact that
only a week remains in which to
learn the new songs and yells which
will begiven at the Freshman game.
After an hour of good yelling and
singing the band led the way down
the quad, and the rooters formed a
serpentine and marched around,
cheering and yelling, for nearly
half an hour.
The second football rally of the
season was held last night in the
chapel. Six hundred men took part
in the yelling and singing. The
program for the evening was opened
with a selection by the band, and
following this the yelling began.
Special stress was laid upon the
learning of new songs and the
Freshman class yell. A new '08
yell was tried last night and made
a favorable impression, and conse
quently the Freshmen were advised
to decide as soon as possible which
yell the class would adopt, as the
rooters have only one week of prac
tice before the Fresh man game.
Copies cf the songs and yells were
passed around and all of the new
tunes were carefully rehearsed. \ ell
leader Thorpe made a few remarks
in regard to the small number of
rooters who appeared on the bleach
ers at football practice. He im
pressed upon the men the fact that
only a week remains in which to
learn the new songs and yells which
will begiven at the Freshman game.
After an hour of good yelling and
singing the band led the way down
the quad, and the rooters formed a
serpentine and marched around,
cheering and yelling, for nearly
half an hour.
The second football rally of the
season was held last night in the
chapel. Six hundred men took part
in the yelling and singing. The
program for the evening was opened
with a selection by the band, and
following this the yelling began.
Special stress was laid upon the
learning of new songs and the
Freshman class yell. A new '08
yell was tried last night and made
a favorable impression, and conse
quently the Freshmen were advised
to decide as soon as possible which
yell the class would adopt, as the
rooters have only one week of prac
tice before the Fresh man game.
Copies cf the songs and yells were
passed around and all of the new
tunes were carefully rehearsed. \ ell
leader Thorpe made a few remarks
in regard to the small number of
rooters who appeared on the bleach
ers at football practice. He im
pressed upon the men the fact that
only a week remains in which to
learn the new songs and yells which
will begiven at the Freshman game.
After an hour of good yelling and
singing the band led the way down
the quad, and the rooters formed a
serpentine and marched around,
cheering and yelling, for nearly
half an hour.
The second football rally of the
season was held last night in the
chapel. Six hundred men took part
in the yelling and singing. The
program for the evening was opened
with a selection by the band, and
following this the yelling began.
Special stress was laid upon the
learning of new songs and the
Freshman class yell. A new '08
yell was tried last night and made
a favorable impression, and conse
quently the Freshmen were advised
to decide as soon as possible which
yell the class would adopt, as the
rooters have only one week of prac
tice before the Fresh man game.
Copies cf the songs and yells were
passed around and all of the new
tunes were carefully rehearsed. \ ell
leader Thorpe made a few remarks
in regard to the small number of
rooters who appeared on the bleach
ers at football practice. He im
pressed upon the men the fact that
only a week remains in which to
learn the new songs and yells which
will begiven at the Freshman game.
After an hour of good yelling and
singing the band led the way down
the quad, and the rooters formed a
serpentine and marched around,
cheering and yelling, for nearly
half an hour.
The second football rally of the
season was held last night in the
chapel. Six hundred men took part
in the yelling and singing. The
program for the evening was opened
with a selection by the band, and
following this the yelling began.
Special stress was laid upon the
learning of new songs and the
Freshman class yell. A new '08
yell was tried last night and made
a favorable impression, and conse
quently the Freshmen were advised
to decide as soon as possible which
yell the class would adopt, as the
rooters have only one week of prac
tice before the Fresh man game.
Copies cf the songs and yells were
passed around and all of the new
tunes were carefully rehearsed. \ ell
leader Thorpe made a few remarks
in regard to the small number of
rooters who appeared on the bleach
ers at football practice. He im
pressed upon the men the fact that
only a week remains in which to
learn the new songs and yells which
will begiven at the Freshman game.
After an hour of good yelling and
singing the band led the way down
the quad, and the rooters formed a
serpentine and marched around,
cheering and yelling, for nearly
half an hour.
The second football rally of the
season was held last night in the
chapel. Six hundred men took part
in the yelling and singing. The
program for the evening was opened
with a selection by the band, and
following this the yelling began.
Special stress was laid upon the
learning of new songs and the
Freshman class yell. A new '08
yell was tried last night and made
a favorable impression, and conse
quently the Freshmen were advised
to decide as soon as possible which
yell the class would adopt, as the
rooters have only one week of prac
tice before the Fresh man game.
Copies cf the songs and yells were
passed around and all of the new
tunes were carefully rehearsed. \ ell
leader Thorpe made a few remarks
in regard to the small number of
rooters who appeared on the bleach
ers at football practice. He im
pressed upon the men the fact that
only a week remains in which to
learn the new songs and yells which
will begiven at the Freshman game.
After an hour of good yelling and
singing the band led the way down
the quad, and the rooters formed a
serpentine and marched around,
cheering and yelling, for nearly
half an hour.
The second football rally of the
season was held last night in the
chapel. Six hundred men took part
in the yelling and singing. The
program for the evening was opened
with a selection by the band, and
following this the yelling began.
Special stress was laid upon the
learning of new songs and the
Freshman class yell. A new '08
yell was tried last night and made
a favorable impression, and conse
quently the Freshmen were advised
to decide as soon as possible which
yell the class would adopt, as the
rooters have only one week of prac
tice before the Fresh man game.
Copies cf the songs and yells were
passed around and all of the new
tunes were carefully rehearsed. \ ell
leader Thorpe made a few remarks
in regard to the small number of
rooters who appeared on the bleach
ers at football practice. He im
pressed upon the men the fact that
only a week remains in which to
learn the new songs and yells which
will begiven at the Freshman game.
After an hour of good yelling and
singing the band led the way down
the quad, and the rooters formed a
serpentine and marched around,
cheering and yelling, for nearly
half an hour.
The second football rally of the
season was held last night in the
chapel. Six hundred men took part
in the yelling and singing. The
program for the evening was opened
with a selection by the band, and
following this the yelling began.
Special stress was laid upon the
learning of new songs and the
Freshman class yell. A new '08
yell was tried last night and made
a favorable impression, and conse
quently the Freshmen were advised
to decide as soon as possible which
yell the class would adopt, as the
rooters have only one week of prac
tice before the Fresh man game.
Copies cf the songs and yells were
passed around and all of the new
tunes were carefully rehearsed. \ ell
leader Thorpe made a few remarks
in regard to the small number of
rooters who appeared on the bleach
ers at football practice. He im
pressed upon the men the fact that
only a week remains in which to
learn the new songs and yells which
will begiven at the Freshman game.
After an hour of good yelling and
singing the band led the way down
the quad, and the rooters formed a
serpentine and marched around,
cheering and yelling, for nearly
half an hour.
