# Author of an Allegory.
## 
### 
Dr. Jordan has recently written
an allegory entitled "The Wander
ing Host," for the American Uni
tarian Association. The allegory
is intended to show the wide di
vergence of the paths taken by
those seeking after truth and
knowledge.
Dr. Jordan has recently written
an allegory entitled "The Wander
ing Host," for the American Uni
tarian Association. The allegory
is intended to show the wide di
vergence of the paths taken by
those seeking after truth and
knowledge.
Dr. Jordan has recently written
an allegory entitled "The Wander
ing Host," for the American Uni
tarian Association. The allegory
is intended to show the wide di
vergence of the paths taken by
those seeking after truth and
knowledge.
Dr. Jordan has recently written
an allegory entitled "The Wander
ing Host," for the American Uni
tarian Association. The allegory
is intended to show the wide di
vergence of the paths taken by
those seeking after truth and
knowledge.
Dr. Jordan has recently written
an allegory entitled "The Wander
ing Host," for the American Uni
tarian Association. The allegory
is intended to show the wide di
vergence of the paths taken by
those seeking after truth and
knowledge.
Dr. Jordan has recently written
an allegory entitled "The Wander
ing Host," for the American Uni
tarian Association. The allegory
is intended to show the wide di
vergence of the paths taken by
those seeking after truth and
knowledge.
Dr. Jordan has recently written
an allegory entitled "The Wander
ing Host," for the American Uni
tarian Association. The allegory
is intended to show the wide di
vergence of the paths taken by
those seeking after truth and
knowledge.
Dr. Jordan has recently written
an allegory entitled "The Wander
ing Host," for the American Uni
tarian Association. The allegory
is intended to show the wide di
vergence of the paths taken by
those seeking after truth and
knowledge.
