# Reception to New Students.
## 
### 
All Saints Church, Palo Alto,
will give an informal reception on
the church grounds on Saturday
afternoon, October Bth, from 3 to 5.
The members of the University and
especially those who have recently
entered for the first time are in
vited to meet the members of the
parish. It is particularly hoped
that all students identified or in
tending to be identified with the
Episcopal Church will be present.
All Saints Church, Palo Alto,
will give an informal reception on
the church grounds on Saturday
afternoon, October Bth, from 3 to 5.
The members of the University and
especially those who have recently
entered for the first time are in
vited to meet the members of the
parish. It is particularly hoped
that all students identified or in
tending to be identified with the
Episcopal Church will be present.
All Saints Church, Palo Alto,
will give an informal reception on
the church grounds on Saturday
afternoon, October Bth, from 3 to 5.
The members of the University and
especially those who have recently
entered for the first time are in
vited to meet the members of the
parish. It is particularly hoped
that all students identified or in
tending to be identified with the
Episcopal Church will be present.
All Saints Church, Palo Alto,
will give an informal reception on
the church grounds on Saturday
afternoon, October Bth, from 3 to 5.
The members of the University and
especially those who have recently
entered for the first time are in
vited to meet the members of the
parish. It is particularly hoped
that all students identified or in
tending to be identified with the
Episcopal Church will be present.
All Saints Church, Palo Alto,
will give an informal reception on
the church grounds on Saturday
afternoon, October Bth, from 3 to 5.
The members of the University and
especially those who have recently
entered for the first time are in
vited to meet the members of the
parish. It is particularly hoped
that all students identified or in
tending to be identified with the
Episcopal Church will be present.
All Saints Church, Palo Alto,
will give an informal reception on
the church grounds on Saturday
afternoon, October Bth, from 3 to 5.
The members of the University and
especially those who have recently
entered for the first time are in
vited to meet the members of the
parish. It is particularly hoped
that all students identified or in
tending to be identified with the
Episcopal Church will be present.
All Saints Church, Palo Alto,
will give an informal reception on
the church grounds on Saturday
afternoon, October Bth, from 3 to 5.
The members of the University and
especially those who have recently
entered for the first time are in
vited to meet the members of the
parish. It is particularly hoped
that all students identified or in
tending to be identified with the
Episcopal Church will be present.
All Saints Church, Palo Alto,
will give an informal reception on
the church grounds on Saturday
afternoon, October Bth, from 3 to 5.
The members of the University and
especially those who have recently
entered for the first time are in
vited to meet the members of the
parish. It is particularly hoped
that all students identified or in
tending to be identified with the
Episcopal Church will be present.
