# Adv. 22 Page 4
## 
### 
CASH
for
Second-hand Books
• • •
We wi!! buy for cash a limited
quantity of textbooks to be
used winter quarter
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
CASH
for
Second-hand Books
• • •
We wi!! buy for cash a limited
quantity of textbooks to be
used winter quarter
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
CASH
for
Second-hand Books
• • •
We wi!! buy for cash a limited
quantity of textbooks to be
used winter quarter
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
CASH
for
Second-hand Books
• • •
We wi!! buy for cash a limited
quantity of textbooks to be
used winter quarter
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
CASH
for
Second-hand Books
• • •
We wi!! buy for cash a limited
quantity of textbooks to be
used winter quarter
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
CASH
for
Second-hand Books
• • •
We wi!! buy for cash a limited
quantity of textbooks to be
used winter quarter
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
CASH
for
Second-hand Books
• • •
We wi!! buy for cash a limited
quantity of textbooks to be
used winter quarter
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
CASH
for
Second-hand Books
• • •
We wi!! buy for cash a limited
quantity of textbooks to be
used winter quarter
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
CASH
for
Second-hand Books
• • •
We wi!! buy for cash a limited
quantity of textbooks to be
used winter quarter
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
CASH
for
Second-hand Books
• • •
We wi!! buy for cash a limited
quantity of textbooks to be
used winter quarter
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
CASH
for
Second-hand Books
• • •
We wi!! buy for cash a limited
quantity of textbooks to be
used winter quarter
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
CASH
for
Second-hand Books
• • •
We wi!! buy for cash a limited
quantity of textbooks to be
used winter quarter
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
CASH
for
Second-hand Books
• • •
We wi!! buy for cash a limited
quantity of textbooks to be
used winter quarter
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
CASH
for
Second-hand Books
• • •
We wi!! buy for cash a limited
quantity of textbooks to be
used winter quarter
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
CASH
for
Second-hand Books
• • •
We wi!! buy for cash a limited
quantity of textbooks to be
used winter quarter
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
