# Daily Covers Big Game by Extra Edition
## 
### 
In a determined attempt to give
complete campus coverage, the
Stanford Daily last Saturday af
ternoon climaxed a week-end of
"scoops" with the publication of a
Big Game extra with a play-hy
play account one minute after the
close of the ganie. Copies of the
paper were sold at the stadium as
the spectators streamed from the
outer gates.
Friday's issue of the regular
paper carried an exclusive account
of the reappointment of "Tiny"
Thornhill, Ernie Nevers, and Jim
Lawson to the coaching staff.
Because many students were
unable to get one of the "extras"
after Saturday's football triumph,
copies of the edition may be
bought at the business office for
5 cents.
In a determined attempt to give
complete campus coverage, the
Stanford Daily last Saturday af
ternoon climaxed a week-end of
"scoops" with the publication of a
Big Game extra with a play-hy
play account one minute after the
close of the ganie. Copies of the
paper were sold at the stadium as
the spectators streamed from the
outer gates.
Friday's issue of the regular
paper carried an exclusive account
of the reappointment of "Tiny"
Thornhill, Ernie Nevers, and Jim
Lawson to the coaching staff.
Because many students were
unable to get one of the "extras"
after Saturday's football triumph,
copies of the edition may be
bought at the business office for
5 cents.
In a determined attempt to give
complete campus coverage, the
Stanford Daily last Saturday af
ternoon climaxed a week-end of
"scoops" with the publication of a
Big Game extra with a play-hy
play account one minute after the
close of the ganie. Copies of the
paper were sold at the stadium as
the spectators streamed from the
outer gates.
Friday's issue of the regular
paper carried an exclusive account
of the reappointment of "Tiny"
Thornhill, Ernie Nevers, and Jim
Lawson to the coaching staff.
Because many students were
unable to get one of the "extras"
after Saturday's football triumph,
copies of the edition may be
bought at the business office for
5 cents.
In a determined attempt to give
complete campus coverage, the
Stanford Daily last Saturday af
ternoon climaxed a week-end of
"scoops" with the publication of a
Big Game extra with a play-hy
play account one minute after the
close of the ganie. Copies of the
paper were sold at the stadium as
the spectators streamed from the
outer gates.
Friday's issue of the regular
paper carried an exclusive account
of the reappointment of "Tiny"
Thornhill, Ernie Nevers, and Jim
Lawson to the coaching staff.
Because many students were
unable to get one of the "extras"
after Saturday's football triumph,
copies of the edition may be
bought at the business office for
5 cents.
In a determined attempt to give
complete campus coverage, the
Stanford Daily last Saturday af
ternoon climaxed a week-end of
"scoops" with the publication of a
Big Game extra with a play-hy
play account one minute after the
close of the ganie. Copies of the
paper were sold at the stadium as
the spectators streamed from the
outer gates.
Friday's issue of the regular
paper carried an exclusive account
of the reappointment of "Tiny"
Thornhill, Ernie Nevers, and Jim
Lawson to the coaching staff.
Because many students were
unable to get one of the "extras"
after Saturday's football triumph,
copies of the edition may be
bought at the business office for
5 cents.
In a determined attempt to give
complete campus coverage, the
Stanford Daily last Saturday af
ternoon climaxed a week-end of
"scoops" with the publication of a
Big Game extra with a play-hy
play account one minute after the
close of the ganie. Copies of the
paper were sold at the stadium as
the spectators streamed from the
outer gates.
Friday's issue of the regular
paper carried an exclusive account
of the reappointment of "Tiny"
Thornhill, Ernie Nevers, and Jim
Lawson to the coaching staff.
Because many students were
unable to get one of the "extras"
after Saturday's football triumph,
copies of the edition may be
bought at the business office for
5 cents.
In a determined attempt to give
complete campus coverage, the
Stanford Daily last Saturday af
ternoon climaxed a week-end of
"scoops" with the publication of a
Big Game extra with a play-hy
play account one minute after the
close of the ganie. Copies of the
paper were sold at the stadium as
the spectators streamed from the
outer gates.
Friday's issue of the regular
paper carried an exclusive account
of the reappointment of "Tiny"
Thornhill, Ernie Nevers, and Jim
Lawson to the coaching staff.
Because many students were
unable to get one of the "extras"
after Saturday's football triumph,
copies of the edition may be
bought at the business office for
5 cents.
In a determined attempt to give
complete campus coverage, the
Stanford Daily last Saturday af
ternoon climaxed a week-end of
"scoops" with the publication of a
Big Game extra with a play-hy
play account one minute after the
close of the ganie. Copies of the
paper were sold at the stadium as
the spectators streamed from the
outer gates.
Friday's issue of the regular
paper carried an exclusive account
of the reappointment of "Tiny"
Thornhill, Ernie Nevers, and Jim
Lawson to the coaching staff.
Because many students were
unable to get one of the "extras"
after Saturday's football triumph,
copies of the edition may be
bought at the business office for
5 cents.
In a determined attempt to give
complete campus coverage, the
Stanford Daily last Saturday af
ternoon climaxed a week-end of
"scoops" with the publication of a
Big Game extra with a play-hy
play account one minute after the
close of the ganie. Copies of the
paper were sold at the stadium as
the spectators streamed from the
outer gates.
Friday's issue of the regular
paper carried an exclusive account
of the reappointment of "Tiny"
Thornhill, Ernie Nevers, and Jim
Lawson to the coaching staff.
Because many students were
unable to get one of the "extras"
after Saturday's football triumph,
copies of the edition may be
bought at the business office for
5 cents.
In a determined attempt to give
complete campus coverage, the
Stanford Daily last Saturday af
ternoon climaxed a week-end of
"scoops" with the publication of a
Big Game extra with a play-hy
play account one minute after the
close of the ganie. Copies of the
paper were sold at the stadium as
the spectators streamed from the
outer gates.
Friday's issue of the regular
paper carried an exclusive account
of the reappointment of "Tiny"
Thornhill, Ernie Nevers, and Jim
Lawson to the coaching staff.
Because many students were
unable to get one of the "extras"
after Saturday's football triumph,
copies of the edition may be
bought at the business office for
5 cents.
In a determined attempt to give
complete campus coverage, the
Stanford Daily last Saturday af
ternoon climaxed a week-end of
"scoops" with the publication of a
Big Game extra with a play-hy
play account one minute after the
close of the ganie. Copies of the
paper were sold at the stadium as
the spectators streamed from the
outer gates.
Friday's issue of the regular
paper carried an exclusive account
of the reappointment of "Tiny"
Thornhill, Ernie Nevers, and Jim
Lawson to the coaching staff.
Because many students were
unable to get one of the "extras"
after Saturday's football triumph,
copies of the edition may be
bought at the business office for
5 cents.
In a determined attempt to give
complete campus coverage, the
Stanford Daily last Saturday af
ternoon climaxed a week-end of
"scoops" with the publication of a
Big Game extra with a play-hy
play account one minute after the
close of the ganie. Copies of the
paper were sold at the stadium as
the spectators streamed from the
outer gates.
Friday's issue of the regular
paper carried an exclusive account
of the reappointment of "Tiny"
Thornhill, Ernie Nevers, and Jim
Lawson to the coaching staff.
Because many students were
unable to get one of the "extras"
after Saturday's football triumph,
copies of the edition may be
bought at the business office for
5 cents.
In a determined attempt to give
complete campus coverage, the
Stanford Daily last Saturday af
ternoon climaxed a week-end of
"scoops" with the publication of a
Big Game extra with a play-hy
play account one minute after the
close of the ganie. Copies of the
paper were sold at the stadium as
the spectators streamed from the
outer gates.
Friday's issue of the regular
paper carried an exclusive account
of the reappointment of "Tiny"
Thornhill, Ernie Nevers, and Jim
Lawson to the coaching staff.
Because many students were
unable to get one of the "extras"
after Saturday's football triumph,
copies of the edition may be
bought at the business office for
5 cents.
In a determined attempt to give
complete campus coverage, the
Stanford Daily last Saturday af
ternoon climaxed a week-end of
"scoops" with the publication of a
Big Game extra with a play-hy
play account one minute after the
close of the ganie. Copies of the
paper were sold at the stadium as
the spectators streamed from the
outer gates.
Friday's issue of the regular
paper carried an exclusive account
of the reappointment of "Tiny"
Thornhill, Ernie Nevers, and Jim
Lawson to the coaching staff.
Because many students were
unable to get one of the "extras"
after Saturday's football triumph,
copies of the edition may be
bought at the business office for
5 cents.
In a determined attempt to give
complete campus coverage, the
Stanford Daily last Saturday af
ternoon climaxed a week-end of
"scoops" with the publication of a
Big Game extra with a play-hy
play account one minute after the
close of the ganie. Copies of the
paper were sold at the stadium as
the spectators streamed from the
outer gates.
Friday's issue of the regular
paper carried an exclusive account
of the reappointment of "Tiny"
Thornhill, Ernie Nevers, and Jim
Lawson to the coaching staff.
Because many students were
unable to get one of the "extras"
after Saturday's football triumph,
copies of the edition may be
bought at the business office for
5 cents.
