# Student Democrats Attend Rally.
## 
### 
About a hundred students and
the University Band journeyed to
San Jose last night to join in the
Democratic rally. The meeting was
held in the Victory theater, where
a space well up in front was re
served for the University delega
tion. Under the leadership of M.
F. McCormick, '02, and F. E. Nan
gle, '03, the students cheered for
Lane, Judge Hyland, and Delevan.
Their efforts were hugely apprecia
ted.
About a hundred students and
the University Band journeyed to
San Jose last night to join in the
Democratic rally. The meeting was
held in the Victory theater, where
a space well up in front was re
served for the University delega
tion. Under the leadership of M.
F. McCormick, '02, and F. E. Nan
gle, '03, the students cheered for
Lane, Judge Hyland, and Delevan.
Their efforts were hugely apprecia
ted.
About a hundred students and
the University Band journeyed to
San Jose last night to join in the
Democratic rally. The meeting was
held in the Victory theater, where
a space well up in front was re
served for the University delega
tion. Under the leadership of M.
F. McCormick, '02, and F. E. Nan
gle, '03, the students cheered for
Lane, Judge Hyland, and Delevan.
Their efforts were hugely apprecia
ted.
About a hundred students and
the University Band journeyed to
San Jose last night to join in the
Democratic rally. The meeting was
held in the Victory theater, where
a space well up in front was re
served for the University delega
tion. Under the leadership of M.
F. McCormick, '02, and F. E. Nan
gle, '03, the students cheered for
Lane, Judge Hyland, and Delevan.
Their efforts were hugely apprecia
ted.
About a hundred students and
the University Band journeyed to
San Jose last night to join in the
Democratic rally. The meeting was
held in the Victory theater, where
a space well up in front was re
served for the University delega
tion. Under the leadership of M.
F. McCormick, '02, and F. E. Nan
gle, '03, the students cheered for
Lane, Judge Hyland, and Delevan.
Their efforts were hugely apprecia
ted.
About a hundred students and
the University Band journeyed to
San Jose last night to join in the
Democratic rally. The meeting was
held in the Victory theater, where
a space well up in front was re
served for the University delega
tion. Under the leadership of M.
F. McCormick, '02, and F. E. Nan
gle, '03, the students cheered for
Lane, Judge Hyland, and Delevan.
Their efforts were hugely apprecia
ted.
About a hundred students and
the University Band journeyed to
San Jose last night to join in the
Democratic rally. The meeting was
held in the Victory theater, where
a space well up in front was re
served for the University delega
tion. Under the leadership of M.
F. McCormick, '02, and F. E. Nan
gle, '03, the students cheered for
Lane, Judge Hyland, and Delevan.
Their efforts were hugely apprecia
ted.
About a hundred students and
the University Band journeyed to
San Jose last night to join in the
Democratic rally. The meeting was
held in the Victory theater, where
a space well up in front was re
served for the University delega
tion. Under the leadership of M.
F. McCormick, '02, and F. E. Nan
gle, '03, the students cheered for
Lane, Judge Hyland, and Delevan.
Their efforts were hugely apprecia
ted.
