# Adv. 27 Page 12
## 
### 
PROBLEMS.
Especially when rhcy come fora visit. Instead of building a new
addition, send them packing. To our place. They'll lind comfortable
beds, uncomplaining maid service, high-speed Internet access, and
kitchenettes for those midnight snacks. Not to mention really big
rooms. And that gives you the best room of all—breathing room.
STANFORD
TERRACE
bdINNOB
531 Stanford Avenue, Palo Alto. CA 94306 650 857 0333
www.stanfordterraccinn.com
PROBLEMS.
Especially when rhcy come fora visit. Instead of building a new
addition, send them packing. To our place. They'll lind comfortable
beds, uncomplaining maid service, high-speed Internet access, and
kitchenettes for those midnight snacks. Not to mention really big
rooms. And that gives you the best room of all—breathing room.
STANFORD
TERRACE
bdINNOB
531 Stanford Avenue, Palo Alto. CA 94306 650 857 0333
www.stanfordterraccinn.com
PROBLEMS.
Especially when rhcy come fora visit. Instead of building a new
addition, send them packing. To our place. They'll lind comfortable
beds, uncomplaining maid service, high-speed Internet access, and
kitchenettes for those midnight snacks. Not to mention really big
rooms. And that gives you the best room of all—breathing room.
STANFORD
TERRACE
bdINNOB
531 Stanford Avenue, Palo Alto. CA 94306 650 857 0333
www.stanfordterraccinn.com
PROBLEMS.
Especially when rhcy come fora visit. Instead of building a new
addition, send them packing. To our place. They'll lind comfortable
beds, uncomplaining maid service, high-speed Internet access, and
kitchenettes for those midnight snacks. Not to mention really big
rooms. And that gives you the best room of all—breathing room.
STANFORD
TERRACE
bdINNOB
531 Stanford Avenue, Palo Alto. CA 94306 650 857 0333
www.stanfordterraccinn.com
PROBLEMS.
Especially when rhcy come fora visit. Instead of building a new
addition, send them packing. To our place. They'll lind comfortable
beds, uncomplaining maid service, high-speed Internet access, and
kitchenettes for those midnight snacks. Not to mention really big
rooms. And that gives you the best room of all—breathing room.
STANFORD
TERRACE
bdINNOB
531 Stanford Avenue, Palo Alto. CA 94306 650 857 0333
www.stanfordterraccinn.com
PROBLEMS.
Especially when rhcy come fora visit. Instead of building a new
addition, send them packing. To our place. They'll lind comfortable
beds, uncomplaining maid service, high-speed Internet access, and
kitchenettes for those midnight snacks. Not to mention really big
rooms. And that gives you the best room of all—breathing room.
STANFORD
TERRACE
bdINNOB
531 Stanford Avenue, Palo Alto. CA 94306 650 857 0333
www.stanfordterraccinn.com
PROBLEMS.
Especially when rhcy come fora visit. Instead of building a new
addition, send them packing. To our place. They'll lind comfortable
beds, uncomplaining maid service, high-speed Internet access, and
kitchenettes for those midnight snacks. Not to mention really big
rooms. And that gives you the best room of all—breathing room.
STANFORD
TERRACE
bdINNOB
531 Stanford Avenue, Palo Alto. CA 94306 650 857 0333
www.stanfordterraccinn.com
PROBLEMS.
Especially when rhcy come fora visit. Instead of building a new
addition, send them packing. To our place. They'll lind comfortable
beds, uncomplaining maid service, high-speed Internet access, and
kitchenettes for those midnight snacks. Not to mention really big
rooms. And that gives you the best room of all—breathing room.
STANFORD
TERRACE
bdINNOB
531 Stanford Avenue, Palo Alto. CA 94306 650 857 0333
www.stanfordterraccinn.com
PROBLEMS.
Especially when rhcy come fora visit. Instead of building a new
addition, send them packing. To our place. They'll lind comfortable
beds, uncomplaining maid service, high-speed Internet access, and
kitchenettes for those midnight snacks. Not to mention really big
rooms. And that gives you the best room of all—breathing room.
STANFORD
TERRACE
bdINNOB
531 Stanford Avenue, Palo Alto. CA 94306 650 857 0333
www.stanfordterraccinn.com
