# Talk on Light Scattering Sponsored by Sigma Xi
## 
### 
Sigma Xi, honorary society for scien
tific research, is sponsoring a lecture
to be given in the Little Theatre at
4:15 p.m., Thursday, on the subject,
"Light Scattering and Its Relation to
Atomic and Molecular Structure." Pro
fessor C. V. Raman of Calcutta Univer
sity, Calcutta, India, is to be the
speaker.
Professor Raman is lecturing in the
United States on various subjects of
scientific interest of which he has
made special studies.
Sigma Xi, honorary society for scien
tific research, is sponsoring a lecture
to be given in the Little Theatre at
4:15 p.m., Thursday, on the subject,
"Light Scattering and Its Relation to
Atomic and Molecular Structure." Pro
fessor C. V. Raman of Calcutta Univer
sity, Calcutta, India, is to be the
speaker.
Professor Raman is lecturing in the
United States on various subjects of
scientific interest of which he has
made special studies.
Sigma Xi, honorary society for scien
tific research, is sponsoring a lecture
to be given in the Little Theatre at
4:15 p.m., Thursday, on the subject,
"Light Scattering and Its Relation to
Atomic and Molecular Structure." Pro
fessor C. V. Raman of Calcutta Univer
sity, Calcutta, India, is to be the
speaker.
Professor Raman is lecturing in the
United States on various subjects of
scientific interest of which he has
made special studies.
Sigma Xi, honorary society for scien
tific research, is sponsoring a lecture
to be given in the Little Theatre at
4:15 p.m., Thursday, on the subject,
"Light Scattering and Its Relation to
Atomic and Molecular Structure." Pro
fessor C. V. Raman of Calcutta Univer
sity, Calcutta, India, is to be the
speaker.
Professor Raman is lecturing in the
United States on various subjects of
scientific interest of which he has
made special studies.
Sigma Xi, honorary society for scien
tific research, is sponsoring a lecture
to be given in the Little Theatre at
4:15 p.m., Thursday, on the subject,
"Light Scattering and Its Relation to
Atomic and Molecular Structure." Pro
fessor C. V. Raman of Calcutta Univer
sity, Calcutta, India, is to be the
speaker.
Professor Raman is lecturing in the
United States on various subjects of
scientific interest of which he has
made special studies.
Sigma Xi, honorary society for scien
tific research, is sponsoring a lecture
to be given in the Little Theatre at
4:15 p.m., Thursday, on the subject,
"Light Scattering and Its Relation to
Atomic and Molecular Structure." Pro
fessor C. V. Raman of Calcutta Univer
sity, Calcutta, India, is to be the
speaker.
Professor Raman is lecturing in the
United States on various subjects of
scientific interest of which he has
made special studies.
Sigma Xi, honorary society for scien
tific research, is sponsoring a lecture
to be given in the Little Theatre at
4:15 p.m., Thursday, on the subject,
"Light Scattering and Its Relation to
Atomic and Molecular Structure." Pro
fessor C. V. Raman of Calcutta Univer
sity, Calcutta, India, is to be the
speaker.
Professor Raman is lecturing in the
United States on various subjects of
scientific interest of which he has
made special studies.
Sigma Xi, honorary society for scien
tific research, is sponsoring a lecture
to be given in the Little Theatre at
4:15 p.m., Thursday, on the subject,
"Light Scattering and Its Relation to
Atomic and Molecular Structure." Pro
fessor C. V. Raman of Calcutta Univer
sity, Calcutta, India, is to be the
speaker.
Professor Raman is lecturing in the
United States on various subjects of
scientific interest of which he has
made special studies.
Sigma Xi, honorary society for scien
tific research, is sponsoring a lecture
to be given in the Little Theatre at
4:15 p.m., Thursday, on the subject,
"Light Scattering and Its Relation to
Atomic and Molecular Structure." Pro
fessor C. V. Raman of Calcutta Univer
sity, Calcutta, India, is to be the
speaker.
Professor Raman is lecturing in the
United States on various subjects of
scientific interest of which he has
made special studies.
Sigma Xi, honorary society for scien
tific research, is sponsoring a lecture
to be given in the Little Theatre at
4:15 p.m., Thursday, on the subject,
"Light Scattering and Its Relation to
Atomic and Molecular Structure." Pro
fessor C. V. Raman of Calcutta Univer
sity, Calcutta, India, is to be the
speaker.
Professor Raman is lecturing in the
United States on various subjects of
scientific interest of which he has
made special studies.
Sigma Xi, honorary society for scien
tific research, is sponsoring a lecture
to be given in the Little Theatre at
4:15 p.m., Thursday, on the subject,
"Light Scattering and Its Relation to
Atomic and Molecular Structure." Pro
fessor C. V. Raman of Calcutta Univer
sity, Calcutta, India, is to be the
speaker.
Professor Raman is lecturing in the
United States on various subjects of
scientific interest of which he has
made special studies.
Sigma Xi, honorary society for scien
tific research, is sponsoring a lecture
to be given in the Little Theatre at
4:15 p.m., Thursday, on the subject,
"Light Scattering and Its Relation to
Atomic and Molecular Structure." Pro
fessor C. V. Raman of Calcutta Univer
sity, Calcutta, India, is to be the
speaker.
Professor Raman is lecturing in the
United States on various subjects of
scientific interest of which he has
made special studies.
Sigma Xi, honorary society for scien
tific research, is sponsoring a lecture
to be given in the Little Theatre at
4:15 p.m., Thursday, on the subject,
"Light Scattering and Its Relation to
Atomic and Molecular Structure." Pro
fessor C. V. Raman of Calcutta Univer
sity, Calcutta, India, is to be the
speaker.
Professor Raman is lecturing in the
United States on various subjects of
scientific interest of which he has
made special studies.
Sigma Xi, honorary society for scien
tific research, is sponsoring a lecture
to be given in the Little Theatre at
4:15 p.m., Thursday, on the subject,
"Light Scattering and Its Relation to
Atomic and Molecular Structure." Pro
fessor C. V. Raman of Calcutta Univer
sity, Calcutta, India, is to be the
speaker.
Professor Raman is lecturing in the
United States on various subjects of
scientific interest of which he has
made special studies.
Sigma Xi, honorary society for scien
tific research, is sponsoring a lecture
to be given in the Little Theatre at
4:15 p.m., Thursday, on the subject,
"Light Scattering and Its Relation to
Atomic and Molecular Structure." Pro
fessor C. V. Raman of Calcutta Univer
sity, Calcutta, India, is to be the
speaker.
Professor Raman is lecturing in the
United States on various subjects of
scientific interest of which he has
made special studies.
