# JORDAN TO RECEIVE PEACE PLAN AWARD JANUARY 16. IN L. A.
## 
### 
Dr. Jordan will be formally presented
with the Raphael Herman peace plan
prize of $25,000 at the Trinity Audito
rium, Los Angeles, on the afternoon of
January 16. Dr. Jordan was declared
winner of this contest fostered by the
World Federation of Education Asso
ciations on December 7, his plan having
been chosen as the most fitting of the
thousands that were submitted.
The presentation will be made by Au
gustus O. Thomas, the president of the
World Federation, who is coming from
his home in Maine for this express pur
pose. Raphael Herman, the donor of the
prize, is at the present time wintering
at" the Ambassador Hotel in Los Ange
les. The public has been invited to at
tend the ceremony.
The Los Angeles Chamber of Com
merce is tendering Dr. Jordan a
luncheon on the day of the presentation
and a banquet is being given the same
evening at the Ambassador Hotel in his
honor.
Dr. Jordan will be formally presented
with the Raphael Herman peace plan
prize of $25,000 at the Trinity Audito
rium, Los Angeles, on the afternoon of
January 16. Dr. Jordan was declared
winner of this contest fostered by the
World Federation of Education Asso
ciations on December 7, his plan having
been chosen as the most fitting of the
thousands that were submitted.
The presentation will be made by Au
gustus O. Thomas, the president of the
World Federation, who is coming from
his home in Maine for this express pur
pose. Raphael Herman, the donor of the
prize, is at the present time wintering
at" the Ambassador Hotel in Los Ange
les. The public has been invited to at
tend the ceremony.
The Los Angeles Chamber of Com
merce is tendering Dr. Jordan a
luncheon on the day of the presentation
and a banquet is being given the same
evening at the Ambassador Hotel in his
honor.
Dr. Jordan will be formally presented
with the Raphael Herman peace plan
prize of $25,000 at the Trinity Audito
rium, Los Angeles, on the afternoon of
January 16. Dr. Jordan was declared
winner of this contest fostered by the
World Federation of Education Asso
ciations on December 7, his plan having
been chosen as the most fitting of the
thousands that were submitted.
The presentation will be made by Au
gustus O. Thomas, the president of the
World Federation, who is coming from
his home in Maine for this express pur
pose. Raphael Herman, the donor of the
prize, is at the present time wintering
at" the Ambassador Hotel in Los Ange
les. The public has been invited to at
tend the ceremony.
The Los Angeles Chamber of Com
merce is tendering Dr. Jordan a
luncheon on the day of the presentation
and a banquet is being given the same
evening at the Ambassador Hotel in his
honor.
Dr. Jordan will be formally presented
with the Raphael Herman peace plan
prize of $25,000 at the Trinity Audito
rium, Los Angeles, on the afternoon of
January 16. Dr. Jordan was declared
winner of this contest fostered by the
World Federation of Education Asso
ciations on December 7, his plan having
been chosen as the most fitting of the
thousands that were submitted.
The presentation will be made by Au
gustus O. Thomas, the president of the
World Federation, who is coming from
his home in Maine for this express pur
pose. Raphael Herman, the donor of the
prize, is at the present time wintering
at" the Ambassador Hotel in Los Ange
les. The public has been invited to at
tend the ceremony.
The Los Angeles Chamber of Com
merce is tendering Dr. Jordan a
luncheon on the day of the presentation
and a banquet is being given the same
evening at the Ambassador Hotel in his
honor.
Dr. Jordan will be formally presented
with the Raphael Herman peace plan
prize of $25,000 at the Trinity Audito
rium, Los Angeles, on the afternoon of
January 16. Dr. Jordan was declared
winner of this contest fostered by the
World Federation of Education Asso
ciations on December 7, his plan having
been chosen as the most fitting of the
thousands that were submitted.
The presentation will be made by Au
gustus O. Thomas, the president of the
World Federation, who is coming from
his home in Maine for this express pur
pose. Raphael Herman, the donor of the
prize, is at the present time wintering
at" the Ambassador Hotel in Los Ange
les. The public has been invited to at
tend the ceremony.
The Los Angeles Chamber of Com
merce is tendering Dr. Jordan a
luncheon on the day of the presentation
and a banquet is being given the same
evening at the Ambassador Hotel in his
honor.
Dr. Jordan will be formally presented
with the Raphael Herman peace plan
prize of $25,000 at the Trinity Audito
rium, Los Angeles, on the afternoon of
January 16. Dr. Jordan was declared
winner of this contest fostered by the
World Federation of Education Asso
ciations on December 7, his plan having
been chosen as the most fitting of the
thousands that were submitted.
The presentation will be made by Au
gustus O. Thomas, the president of the
World Federation, who is coming from
his home in Maine for this express pur
pose. Raphael Herman, the donor of the
prize, is at the present time wintering
at" the Ambassador Hotel in Los Ange
les. The public has been invited to at
tend the ceremony.
The Los Angeles Chamber of Com
merce is tendering Dr. Jordan a
luncheon on the day of the presentation
and a banquet is being given the same
evening at the Ambassador Hotel in his
honor.
Dr. Jordan will be formally presented
with the Raphael Herman peace plan
prize of $25,000 at the Trinity Audito
rium, Los Angeles, on the afternoon of
January 16. Dr. Jordan was declared
winner of this contest fostered by the
World Federation of Education Asso
ciations on December 7, his plan having
been chosen as the most fitting of the
thousands that were submitted.
The presentation will be made by Au
gustus O. Thomas, the president of the
World Federation, who is coming from
his home in Maine for this express pur
pose. Raphael Herman, the donor of the
prize, is at the present time wintering
at" the Ambassador Hotel in Los Ange
les. The public has been invited to at
tend the ceremony.
The Los Angeles Chamber of Com
merce is tendering Dr. Jordan a
luncheon on the day of the presentation
and a banquet is being given the same
evening at the Ambassador Hotel in his
honor.
Dr. Jordan will be formally presented
with the Raphael Herman peace plan
prize of $25,000 at the Trinity Audito
rium, Los Angeles, on the afternoon of
January 16. Dr. Jordan was declared
winner of this contest fostered by the
World Federation of Education Asso
ciations on December 7, his plan having
been chosen as the most fitting of the
thousands that were submitted.
The presentation will be made by Au
gustus O. Thomas, the president of the
World Federation, who is coming from
his home in Maine for this express pur
pose. Raphael Herman, the donor of the
prize, is at the present time wintering
at" the Ambassador Hotel in Los Ange
les. The public has been invited to at
tend the ceremony.
The Los Angeles Chamber of Com
merce is tendering Dr. Jordan a
luncheon on the day of the presentation
and a banquet is being given the same
evening at the Ambassador Hotel in his
honor.
Dr. Jordan will be formally presented
with the Raphael Herman peace plan
prize of $25,000 at the Trinity Audito
rium, Los Angeles, on the afternoon of
January 16. Dr. Jordan was declared
winner of this contest fostered by the
World Federation of Education Asso
ciations on December 7, his plan having
been chosen as the most fitting of the
thousands that were submitted.
The presentation will be made by Au
gustus O. Thomas, the president of the
World Federation, who is coming from
his home in Maine for this express pur
pose. Raphael Herman, the donor of the
prize, is at the present time wintering
at" the Ambassador Hotel in Los Ange
les. The public has been invited to at
tend the ceremony.
The Los Angeles Chamber of Com
merce is tendering Dr. Jordan a
luncheon on the day of the presentation
and a banquet is being given the same
evening at the Ambassador Hotel in his
honor.
Dr. Jordan will be formally presented
with the Raphael Herman peace plan
prize of $25,000 at the Trinity Audito
rium, Los Angeles, on the afternoon of
January 16. Dr. Jordan was declared
winner of this contest fostered by the
World Federation of Education Asso
ciations on December 7, his plan having
been chosen as the most fitting of the
thousands that were submitted.
The presentation will be made by Au
gustus O. Thomas, the president of the
World Federation, who is coming from
his home in Maine for this express pur
pose. Raphael Herman, the donor of the
prize, is at the present time wintering
at" the Ambassador Hotel in Los Ange
les. The public has been invited to at
tend the ceremony.
The Los Angeles Chamber of Com
merce is tendering Dr. Jordan a
luncheon on the day of the presentation
and a banquet is being given the same
evening at the Ambassador Hotel in his
honor.
Dr. Jordan will be formally presented
with the Raphael Herman peace plan
prize of $25,000 at the Trinity Audito
rium, Los Angeles, on the afternoon of
January 16. Dr. Jordan was declared
winner of this contest fostered by the
World Federation of Education Asso
ciations on December 7, his plan having
been chosen as the most fitting of the
thousands that were submitted.
The presentation will be made by Au
gustus O. Thomas, the president of the
World Federation, who is coming from
his home in Maine for this express pur
pose. Raphael Herman, the donor of the
prize, is at the present time wintering
at" the Ambassador Hotel in Los Ange
les. The public has been invited to at
tend the ceremony.
The Los Angeles Chamber of Com
merce is tendering Dr. Jordan a
luncheon on the day of the presentation
and a banquet is being given the same
evening at the Ambassador Hotel in his
honor.
Dr. Jordan will be formally presented
with the Raphael Herman peace plan
prize of $25,000 at the Trinity Audito
rium, Los Angeles, on the afternoon of
January 16. Dr. Jordan was declared
winner of this contest fostered by the
World Federation of Education Asso
ciations on December 7, his plan having
been chosen as the most fitting of the
thousands that were submitted.
The presentation will be made by Au
gustus O. Thomas, the president of the
World Federation, who is coming from
his home in Maine for this express pur
pose. Raphael Herman, the donor of the
prize, is at the present time wintering
at" the Ambassador Hotel in Los Ange
les. The public has been invited to at
tend the ceremony.
The Los Angeles Chamber of Com
merce is tendering Dr. Jordan a
luncheon on the day of the presentation
and a banquet is being given the same
evening at the Ambassador Hotel in his
honor.
Dr. Jordan will be formally presented
with the Raphael Herman peace plan
prize of $25,000 at the Trinity Audito
rium, Los Angeles, on the afternoon of
January 16. Dr. Jordan was declared
winner of this contest fostered by the
World Federation of Education Asso
ciations on December 7, his plan having
been chosen as the most fitting of the
thousands that were submitted.
The presentation will be made by Au
gustus O. Thomas, the president of the
World Federation, who is coming from
his home in Maine for this express pur
pose. Raphael Herman, the donor of the
prize, is at the present time wintering
at" the Ambassador Hotel in Los Ange
les. The public has been invited to at
tend the ceremony.
The Los Angeles Chamber of Com
merce is tendering Dr. Jordan a
luncheon on the day of the presentation
and a banquet is being given the same
evening at the Ambassador Hotel in his
honor.
Dr. Jordan will be formally presented
with the Raphael Herman peace plan
prize of $25,000 at the Trinity Audito
rium, Los Angeles, on the afternoon of
January 16. Dr. Jordan was declared
winner of this contest fostered by the
World Federation of Education Asso
ciations on December 7, his plan having
been chosen as the most fitting of the
thousands that were submitted.
The presentation will be made by Au
gustus O. Thomas, the president of the
World Federation, who is coming from
his home in Maine for this express pur
pose. Raphael Herman, the donor of the
prize, is at the present time wintering
at" the Ambassador Hotel in Los Ange
les. The public has been invited to at
tend the ceremony.
The Los Angeles Chamber of Com
merce is tendering Dr. Jordan a
luncheon on the day of the presentation
and a banquet is being given the same
evening at the Ambassador Hotel in his
honor.
Dr. Jordan will be formally presented
with the Raphael Herman peace plan
prize of $25,000 at the Trinity Audito
rium, Los Angeles, on the afternoon of
January 16. Dr. Jordan was declared
winner of this contest fostered by the
World Federation of Education Asso
ciations on December 7, his plan having
been chosen as the most fitting of the
thousands that were submitted.
The presentation will be made by Au
gustus O. Thomas, the president of the
World Federation, who is coming from
his home in Maine for this express pur
pose. Raphael Herman, the donor of the
prize, is at the present time wintering
at" the Ambassador Hotel in Los Ange
les. The public has been invited to at
tend the ceremony.
The Los Angeles Chamber of Com
merce is tendering Dr. Jordan a
luncheon on the day of the presentation
and a banquet is being given the same
evening at the Ambassador Hotel in his
honor.
