# FORTY-EIGHT TEAMS ENTER INTRAMURAL, BASKETBALL LEAGUE
## 
### 
Intramural basketball will be i
launched on the biggest season in its
history on Monday, January 12, with
forty-eight teams in eight leagues com
peting fdr the trophy, which is ten
more teams than have played in pre
vious years.
Schedules will be mailed immedi
ately to all living groups by C. W.
Davis. Every fraternity and eating
club will be represented by a squad,
Encina by nine or ten aggregations,
and Sequoia and Branner by two each.
Men living off campus have formed
themselves into several independent
teams.
Six squads will play for the title in
each league, and the eight league win
ners will then figbt it out for the
University championship. Delta Tau
Delta annexed first honors last year,
with Delta Theta Pi as the runner-up.
Competition is expected to be keener
than ever this season, on account of
the large number of teams which will
compete.
