# McCarthy To Speak
## 
### 
The Sunday event will also
feature two soul music bands
according to David Jones, Chair
man of the New Politics group.
McCarthy's Stanford speech
will be his first major appear
ance following a scheduled Fri
day evening television discus
sion of the presidential cam
paign.
Tickets, Jones said, will be one
dollar and available at the
Tresidder box office beginning
Wednesday.
The Committee for a New
Democratic Politics also an
nounced that San Francisco Su
pervisor Terry Francois will
speak at 8 p.m., Friday in Dink
elspiel. A moderate black, Fran
cois will present another view
of the issues discussed by Eld
ridge Cleaver in his recent Stan
ford appearance.
