# Untitled Article
## 
### 

BOB BLUNT Stanford halfback who alternates as a flanker
and is second in the AAWU in receiving with 8 catches good
for 263 yards and a touchdown.

BOB BLUNT Stanford halfback who alternates as a flanker
and is second in the AAWU in receiving with 8 catches good
for 263 yards and a touchdown.

BOB BLUNT Stanford halfback who alternates as a flanker
and is second in the AAWU in receiving with 8 catches good
for 263 yards and a touchdown.

BOB BLUNT Stanford halfback who alternates as a flanker
and is second in the AAWU in receiving with 8 catches good
for 263 yards and a touchdown.

BOB BLUNT Stanford halfback who alternates as a flanker
and is second in the AAWU in receiving with 8 catches good
for 263 yards and a touchdown.

BOB BLUNT Stanford halfback who alternates as a flanker
and is second in the AAWU in receiving with 8 catches good
for 263 yards and a touchdown.

BOB BLUNT Stanford halfback who alternates as a flanker
and is second in the AAWU in receiving with 8 catches good
for 263 yards and a touchdown.

BOB BLUNT Stanford halfback who alternates as a flanker
and is second in the AAWU in receiving with 8 catches good
for 263 yards and a touchdown.

BOB BLUNT Stanford halfback who alternates as a flanker
and is second in the AAWU in receiving with 8 catches good
for 263 yards and a touchdown.

BOB BLUNT Stanford halfback who alternates as a flanker
and is second in the AAWU in receiving with 8 catches good
for 263 yards and a touchdown.

BOB BLUNT Stanford halfback who alternates as a flanker
and is second in the AAWU in receiving with 8 catches good
for 263 yards and a touchdown.

BOB BLUNT Stanford halfback who alternates as a flanker
and is second in the AAWU in receiving with 8 catches good
for 263 yards and a touchdown.

BOB BLUNT Stanford halfback who alternates as a flanker
and is second in the AAWU in receiving with 8 catches good
for 263 yards and a touchdown.

BOB BLUNT Stanford halfback who alternates as a flanker
and is second in the AAWU in receiving with 8 catches good
for 263 yards and a touchdown.

BOB BLUNT Stanford halfback who alternates as a flanker
and is second in the AAWU in receiving with 8 catches good
for 263 yards and a touchdown.
