# 10 LETTERMEN FOR CAL
## 
### 
California had 10 lettermcn and
six non-lettermen of experience re
turning at the beginning of the
present season.
California had 10 lettermcn and
six non-lettermen of experience re
turning at the beginning of the
present season.
California had 10 lettermcn and
six non-lettermen of experience re
turning at the beginning of the
present season.
California had 10 lettermcn and
six non-lettermen of experience re
turning at the beginning of the
present season.
California had 10 lettermcn and
six non-lettermen of experience re
turning at the beginning of the
present season.
California had 10 lettermcn and
six non-lettermen of experience re
turning at the beginning of the
present season.
California had 10 lettermcn and
six non-lettermen of experience re
turning at the beginning of the
present season.
California had 10 lettermcn and
six non-lettermen of experience re
turning at the beginning of the
present season.
California had 10 lettermcn and
six non-lettermen of experience re
turning at the beginning of the
present season.
California had 10 lettermcn and
six non-lettermen of experience re
turning at the beginning of the
present season.
California had 10 lettermcn and
six non-lettermen of experience re
turning at the beginning of the
present season.
California had 10 lettermcn and
six non-lettermen of experience re
turning at the beginning of the
present season.
California had 10 lettermcn and
six non-lettermen of experience re
turning at the beginning of the
present season.
California had 10 lettermcn and
six non-lettermen of experience re
turning at the beginning of the
present season.
California had 10 lettermcn and
six non-lettermen of experience re
turning at the beginning of the
present season.
California had 10 lettermcn and
six non-lettermen of experience re
turning at the beginning of the
present season.
California had 10 lettermcn and
six non-lettermen of experience re
turning at the beginning of the
present season.
California had 10 lettermcn and
six non-lettermen of experience re
turning at the beginning of the
present season.
