# Farm Geologists Examine Fossils
## 
### 
Fossils fifty million years old and
about the size of a pinhead prove
that certain geological formations
in California are the same age as
rocks in Morocco, according to Dr.
Hans E. Thalman, former research
associate in paleontology at Stan
ford. Dr. Thalman, at present, is
paleontologist for an old company
in Ecuador which has three other
Stanford men, Dr. Donald Frizzell,
Fritz Putlitz, and Jay Marks, on
its staff.
Tlie fossils are microscopic shell
forms which have been found all
over the world in the vicinity of
major oil fields and are therefore of
great value in petroleum geology.
They are called Hantkenina.
Dr. Hubert G. Schcnk, professor
of geology at Stanford, is also en
gaged in research on microfossils.
