# MEN'S TUITION NOTES
## 
### 
Men wishing to take out or renew
tuition notes for the spring quarter
are requested to report to the Dean
of Men's office, according to Miss
Vivienne Church, secretary to Dean
Culver. The office will be open for
the purpose of taking applications
today and tomori'ow from 9 to 12
a.m. and from 1 to 5 p.m.

A copper pipe, removed from the
5500-year-old pyramid of the Egyp
tian Pharaoh Cheops some years ago,
held water even after so many cen
turies.
Men wishing to take out or renew
tuition notes for the spring quarter
are requested to report to the Dean
of Men's office, according to Miss
Vivienne Church, secretary to Dean
Culver. The office will be open for
the purpose of taking applications
today and tomori'ow from 9 to 12
a.m. and from 1 to 5 p.m.

A copper pipe, removed from the
5500-year-old pyramid of the Egyp
tian Pharaoh Cheops some years ago,
held water even after so many cen
turies.
Men wishing to take out or renew
tuition notes for the spring quarter
are requested to report to the Dean
of Men's office, according to Miss
Vivienne Church, secretary to Dean
Culver. The office will be open for
the purpose of taking applications
today and tomori'ow from 9 to 12
a.m. and from 1 to 5 p.m.

A copper pipe, removed from the
5500-year-old pyramid of the Egyp
tian Pharaoh Cheops some years ago,
held water even after so many cen
turies.
Men wishing to take out or renew
tuition notes for the spring quarter
are requested to report to the Dean
of Men's office, according to Miss
Vivienne Church, secretary to Dean
Culver. The office will be open for
the purpose of taking applications
today and tomori'ow from 9 to 12
a.m. and from 1 to 5 p.m.

A copper pipe, removed from the
5500-year-old pyramid of the Egyp
tian Pharaoh Cheops some years ago,
held water even after so many cen
turies.
Men wishing to take out or renew
tuition notes for the spring quarter
are requested to report to the Dean
of Men's office, according to Miss
Vivienne Church, secretary to Dean
Culver. The office will be open for
the purpose of taking applications
today and tomori'ow from 9 to 12
a.m. and from 1 to 5 p.m.

A copper pipe, removed from the
5500-year-old pyramid of the Egyp
tian Pharaoh Cheops some years ago,
held water even after so many cen
turies.
Men wishing to take out or renew
tuition notes for the spring quarter
are requested to report to the Dean
of Men's office, according to Miss
Vivienne Church, secretary to Dean
Culver. The office will be open for
the purpose of taking applications
today and tomori'ow from 9 to 12
a.m. and from 1 to 5 p.m.

A copper pipe, removed from the
5500-year-old pyramid of the Egyp
tian Pharaoh Cheops some years ago,
held water even after so many cen
turies.
Men wishing to take out or renew
tuition notes for the spring quarter
are requested to report to the Dean
of Men's office, according to Miss
Vivienne Church, secretary to Dean
Culver. The office will be open for
the purpose of taking applications
today and tomori'ow from 9 to 12
a.m. and from 1 to 5 p.m.

A copper pipe, removed from the
5500-year-old pyramid of the Egyp
tian Pharaoh Cheops some years ago,
held water even after so many cen
turies.
Men wishing to take out or renew
tuition notes for the spring quarter
are requested to report to the Dean
of Men's office, according to Miss
Vivienne Church, secretary to Dean
Culver. The office will be open for
the purpose of taking applications
today and tomori'ow from 9 to 12
a.m. and from 1 to 5 p.m.

A copper pipe, removed from the
5500-year-old pyramid of the Egyp
tian Pharaoh Cheops some years ago,
held water even after so many cen
turies.
Men wishing to take out or renew
tuition notes for the spring quarter
are requested to report to the Dean
of Men's office, according to Miss
Vivienne Church, secretary to Dean
Culver. The office will be open for
the purpose of taking applications
today and tomori'ow from 9 to 12
a.m. and from 1 to 5 p.m.

A copper pipe, removed from the
5500-year-old pyramid of the Egyp
tian Pharaoh Cheops some years ago,
held water even after so many cen
turies.
Men wishing to take out or renew
tuition notes for the spring quarter
are requested to report to the Dean
of Men's office, according to Miss
Vivienne Church, secretary to Dean
Culver. The office will be open for
the purpose of taking applications
today and tomori'ow from 9 to 12
a.m. and from 1 to 5 p.m.

A copper pipe, removed from the
5500-year-old pyramid of the Egyp
tian Pharaoh Cheops some years ago,
held water even after so many cen
turies.
Men wishing to take out or renew
tuition notes for the spring quarter
are requested to report to the Dean
of Men's office, according to Miss
Vivienne Church, secretary to Dean
Culver. The office will be open for
the purpose of taking applications
today and tomori'ow from 9 to 12
a.m. and from 1 to 5 p.m.

A copper pipe, removed from the
5500-year-old pyramid of the Egyp
tian Pharaoh Cheops some years ago,
held water even after so many cen
turies.
Men wishing to take out or renew
tuition notes for the spring quarter
are requested to report to the Dean
of Men's office, according to Miss
Vivienne Church, secretary to Dean
Culver. The office will be open for
the purpose of taking applications
today and tomori'ow from 9 to 12
a.m. and from 1 to 5 p.m.

A copper pipe, removed from the
5500-year-old pyramid of the Egyp
tian Pharaoh Cheops some years ago,
held water even after so many cen
turies.
Men wishing to take out or renew
tuition notes for the spring quarter
are requested to report to the Dean
of Men's office, according to Miss
Vivienne Church, secretary to Dean
Culver. The office will be open for
the purpose of taking applications
today and tomori'ow from 9 to 12
a.m. and from 1 to 5 p.m.

A copper pipe, removed from the
5500-year-old pyramid of the Egyp
tian Pharaoh Cheops some years ago,
held water even after so many cen
turies.
Men wishing to take out or renew
tuition notes for the spring quarter
are requested to report to the Dean
of Men's office, according to Miss
Vivienne Church, secretary to Dean
Culver. The office will be open for
the purpose of taking applications
today and tomori'ow from 9 to 12
a.m. and from 1 to 5 p.m.

A copper pipe, removed from the
5500-year-old pyramid of the Egyp
tian Pharaoh Cheops some years ago,
held water even after so many cen
turies.
Men wishing to take out or renew
tuition notes for the spring quarter
are requested to report to the Dean
of Men's office, according to Miss
Vivienne Church, secretary to Dean
Culver. The office will be open for
the purpose of taking applications
today and tomori'ow from 9 to 12
a.m. and from 1 to 5 p.m.

A copper pipe, removed from the
5500-year-old pyramid of the Egyp
tian Pharaoh Cheops some years ago,
held water even after so many cen
turies.
