# BOSTON SIGNS ARCHER
## 
### 
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 17 (UP).—Earl
Sheely, Boston Red Sox scout, today
said he had signed Bill Archer,
former University of California
baseball captain and all-around ath
lete.
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 17 (UP).—Earl
Sheely, Boston Red Sox scout, today
said he had signed Bill Archer,
former University of California
baseball captain and all-around ath
lete.
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 17 (UP).—Earl
Sheely, Boston Red Sox scout, today
said he had signed Bill Archer,
former University of California
baseball captain and all-around ath
lete.
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 17 (UP).—Earl
Sheely, Boston Red Sox scout, today
said he had signed Bill Archer,
former University of California
baseball captain and all-around ath
lete.
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 17 (UP).—Earl
Sheely, Boston Red Sox scout, today
said he had signed Bill Archer,
former University of California
baseball captain and all-around ath
lete.
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 17 (UP).—Earl
Sheely, Boston Red Sox scout, today
said he had signed Bill Archer,
former University of California
baseball captain and all-around ath
lete.
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 17 (UP).—Earl
Sheely, Boston Red Sox scout, today
said he had signed Bill Archer,
former University of California
baseball captain and all-around ath
lete.
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 17 (UP).—Earl
Sheely, Boston Red Sox scout, today
said he had signed Bill Archer,
former University of California
baseball captain and all-around ath
lete.
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 17 (UP).—Earl
Sheely, Boston Red Sox scout, today
said he had signed Bill Archer,
former University of California
baseball captain and all-around ath
lete.
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 17 (UP).—Earl
Sheely, Boston Red Sox scout, today
said he had signed Bill Archer,
former University of California
baseball captain and all-around ath
lete.
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 17 (UP).—Earl
Sheely, Boston Red Sox scout, today
said he had signed Bill Archer,
former University of California
baseball captain and all-around ath
lete.
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 17 (UP).—Earl
Sheely, Boston Red Sox scout, today
said he had signed Bill Archer,
former University of California
baseball captain and all-around ath
lete.
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 17 (UP).—Earl
Sheely, Boston Red Sox scout, today
said he had signed Bill Archer,
former University of California
baseball captain and all-around ath
lete.
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 17 (UP).—Earl
Sheely, Boston Red Sox scout, today
said he had signed Bill Archer,
former University of California
baseball captain and all-around ath
lete.
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 17 (UP).—Earl
Sheely, Boston Red Sox scout, today
said he had signed Bill Archer,
former University of California
baseball captain and all-around ath
lete.
