# Ten Plunge to Death as Golden Gate Bridge Scaffold Collapses
## 
### 

AT THIS TOWER of the Golden Gate Bridge a traveling platform
broke loose from the under side of the span, crashed through the
safety net spread below, carrying with it 10 men to the water below.

AT THIS TOWER of the Golden Gate Bridge a traveling platform
broke loose from the under side of the span, crashed through the
safety net spread below, carrying with it 10 men to the water below.

AT THIS TOWER of the Golden Gate Bridge a traveling platform
broke loose from the under side of the span, crashed through the
safety net spread below, carrying with it 10 men to the water below.

AT THIS TOWER of the Golden Gate Bridge a traveling platform
broke loose from the under side of the span, crashed through the
safety net spread below, carrying with it 10 men to the water below.

AT THIS TOWER of the Golden Gate Bridge a traveling platform
broke loose from the under side of the span, crashed through the
safety net spread below, carrying with it 10 men to the water below.

AT THIS TOWER of the Golden Gate Bridge a traveling platform
broke loose from the under side of the span, crashed through the
safety net spread below, carrying with it 10 men to the water below.

AT THIS TOWER of the Golden Gate Bridge a traveling platform
broke loose from the under side of the span, crashed through the
safety net spread below, carrying with it 10 men to the water below.

AT THIS TOWER of the Golden Gate Bridge a traveling platform
broke loose from the under side of the span, crashed through the
safety net spread below, carrying with it 10 men to the water below.

AT THIS TOWER of the Golden Gate Bridge a traveling platform
broke loose from the under side of the span, crashed through the
safety net spread below, carrying with it 10 men to the water below.

AT THIS TOWER of the Golden Gate Bridge a traveling platform
broke loose from the under side of the span, crashed through the
safety net spread below, carrying with it 10 men to the water below.

AT THIS TOWER of the Golden Gate Bridge a traveling platform
broke loose from the under side of the span, crashed through the
safety net spread below, carrying with it 10 men to the water below.

AT THIS TOWER of the Golden Gate Bridge a traveling platform
broke loose from the under side of the span, crashed through the
safety net spread below, carrying with it 10 men to the water below.

AT THIS TOWER of the Golden Gate Bridge a traveling platform
broke loose from the under side of the span, crashed through the
safety net spread below, carrying with it 10 men to the water below.

AT THIS TOWER of the Golden Gate Bridge a traveling platform
broke loose from the under side of the span, crashed through the
safety net spread below, carrying with it 10 men to the water below.

AT THIS TOWER of the Golden Gate Bridge a traveling platform
broke loose from the under side of the span, crashed through the
safety net spread below, carrying with it 10 men to the water below.
