# BURGLAR DIVES OUT WINDOW
## 
### 
OAKLAND, Feb. 17 (UP).—Phre
nologists can help the Oakland po
lice department find the burglar who
took $7 from Mrs. Clara Schrensky
and then leaped out a window. He
jumped head-first and landed on his
head.
OAKLAND, Feb. 17 (UP).—Phre
nologists can help the Oakland po
lice department find the burglar who
took $7 from Mrs. Clara Schrensky
and then leaped out a window. He
jumped head-first and landed on his
head.
OAKLAND, Feb. 17 (UP).—Phre
nologists can help the Oakland po
lice department find the burglar who
took $7 from Mrs. Clara Schrensky
and then leaped out a window. He
jumped head-first and landed on his
head.
OAKLAND, Feb. 17 (UP).—Phre
nologists can help the Oakland po
lice department find the burglar who
took $7 from Mrs. Clara Schrensky
and then leaped out a window. He
jumped head-first and landed on his
head.
OAKLAND, Feb. 17 (UP).—Phre
nologists can help the Oakland po
lice department find the burglar who
took $7 from Mrs. Clara Schrensky
and then leaped out a window. He
jumped head-first and landed on his
head.
OAKLAND, Feb. 17 (UP).—Phre
nologists can help the Oakland po
lice department find the burglar who
took $7 from Mrs. Clara Schrensky
and then leaped out a window. He
jumped head-first and landed on his
head.
OAKLAND, Feb. 17 (UP).—Phre
nologists can help the Oakland po
lice department find the burglar who
took $7 from Mrs. Clara Schrensky
and then leaped out a window. He
jumped head-first and landed on his
head.
OAKLAND, Feb. 17 (UP).—Phre
nologists can help the Oakland po
lice department find the burglar who
took $7 from Mrs. Clara Schrensky
and then leaped out a window. He
jumped head-first and landed on his
head.
OAKLAND, Feb. 17 (UP).—Phre
nologists can help the Oakland po
lice department find the burglar who
took $7 from Mrs. Clara Schrensky
and then leaped out a window. He
jumped head-first and landed on his
head.
OAKLAND, Feb. 17 (UP).—Phre
nologists can help the Oakland po
lice department find the burglar who
took $7 from Mrs. Clara Schrensky
and then leaped out a window. He
jumped head-first and landed on his
head.
OAKLAND, Feb. 17 (UP).—Phre
nologists can help the Oakland po
lice department find the burglar who
took $7 from Mrs. Clara Schrensky
and then leaped out a window. He
jumped head-first and landed on his
head.
OAKLAND, Feb. 17 (UP).—Phre
nologists can help the Oakland po
lice department find the burglar who
took $7 from Mrs. Clara Schrensky
and then leaped out a window. He
jumped head-first and landed on his
head.
OAKLAND, Feb. 17 (UP).—Phre
nologists can help the Oakland po
lice department find the burglar who
took $7 from Mrs. Clara Schrensky
and then leaped out a window. He
jumped head-first and landed on his
head.
OAKLAND, Feb. 17 (UP).—Phre
nologists can help the Oakland po
lice department find the burglar who
took $7 from Mrs. Clara Schrensky
and then leaped out a window. He
jumped head-first and landed on his
head.
OAKLAND, Feb. 17 (UP).—Phre
nologists can help the Oakland po
lice department find the burglar who
took $7 from Mrs. Clara Schrensky
and then leaped out a window. He
jumped head-first and landed on his
head.
