# Play Competition To End Saturday
## 
### 
Deadline for the Masquers' play
contest has been set as Saturday,
February 20. The women's honorary
dramatic society is offering $15 for
the best original one-act or full
length play. Dr. Gordon C. Lange,
Dr. Margery Bailey, Kay Arthur,
and Amelia Barnes will be the
judges.
The winning play will be given a
reading on March 4, the date for
tryouts for the playreading to be
announced later. Men as well as
women's parts will be open. All
manuscripts should be handed in to
Dr. Lange's office.
Masquers will also select from the
entries a one-act play to be pro
duced and entered in the Northern
California Drama Association's one
act play contest to be held in San
Francisco in the spring. Last year
the play of "Kay Arthur was award
ed second prize in the competition,
and was published by the association.
Deadline for the Masquers' play
contest has been set as Saturday,
February 20. The women's honorary
dramatic society is offering $15 for
the best original one-act or full
length play. Dr. Gordon C. Lange,
Dr. Margery Bailey, Kay Arthur,
and Amelia Barnes will be the
judges.
The winning play will be given a
reading on March 4, the date for
tryouts for the playreading to be
announced later. Men as well as
women's parts will be open. All
manuscripts should be handed in to
Dr. Lange's office.
Masquers will also select from the
entries a one-act play to be pro
duced and entered in the Northern
California Drama Association's one
act play contest to be held in San
Francisco in the spring. Last year
the play of "Kay Arthur was award
ed second prize in the competition,
and was published by the association.
Deadline for the Masquers' play
contest has been set as Saturday,
February 20. The women's honorary
dramatic society is offering $15 for
the best original one-act or full
length play. Dr. Gordon C. Lange,
Dr. Margery Bailey, Kay Arthur,
and Amelia Barnes will be the
judges.
The winning play will be given a
reading on March 4, the date for
tryouts for the playreading to be
announced later. Men as well as
women's parts will be open. All
manuscripts should be handed in to
Dr. Lange's office.
Masquers will also select from the
entries a one-act play to be pro
duced and entered in the Northern
California Drama Association's one
act play contest to be held in San
Francisco in the spring. Last year
the play of "Kay Arthur was award
ed second prize in the competition,
and was published by the association.
Deadline for the Masquers' play
contest has been set as Saturday,
February 20. The women's honorary
dramatic society is offering $15 for
the best original one-act or full
length play. Dr. Gordon C. Lange,
Dr. Margery Bailey, Kay Arthur,
and Amelia Barnes will be the
judges.
The winning play will be given a
reading on March 4, the date for
tryouts for the playreading to be
announced later. Men as well as
women's parts will be open. All
manuscripts should be handed in to
Dr. Lange's office.
Masquers will also select from the
entries a one-act play to be pro
duced and entered in the Northern
California Drama Association's one
act play contest to be held in San
Francisco in the spring. Last year
the play of "Kay Arthur was award
ed second prize in the competition,
and was published by the association.
Deadline for the Masquers' play
contest has been set as Saturday,
February 20. The women's honorary
dramatic society is offering $15 for
the best original one-act or full
length play. Dr. Gordon C. Lange,
Dr. Margery Bailey, Kay Arthur,
and Amelia Barnes will be the
judges.
The winning play will be given a
reading on March 4, the date for
tryouts for the playreading to be
announced later. Men as well as
women's parts will be open. All
manuscripts should be handed in to
Dr. Lange's office.
Masquers will also select from the
entries a one-act play to be pro
duced and entered in the Northern
California Drama Association's one
act play contest to be held in San
Francisco in the spring. Last year
the play of "Kay Arthur was award
ed second prize in the competition,
and was published by the association.
Deadline for the Masquers' play
contest has been set as Saturday,
February 20. The women's honorary
dramatic society is offering $15 for
the best original one-act or full
length play. Dr. Gordon C. Lange,
Dr. Margery Bailey, Kay Arthur,
and Amelia Barnes will be the
judges.
The winning play will be given a
reading on March 4, the date for
tryouts for the playreading to be
announced later. Men as well as
women's parts will be open. All
manuscripts should be handed in to
Dr. Lange's office.
Masquers will also select from the
entries a one-act play to be pro
duced and entered in the Northern
California Drama Association's one
act play contest to be held in San
Francisco in the spring. Last year
the play of "Kay Arthur was award
ed second prize in the competition,
and was published by the association.
Deadline for the Masquers' play
contest has been set as Saturday,
February 20. The women's honorary
dramatic society is offering $15 for
the best original one-act or full
length play. Dr. Gordon C. Lange,
Dr. Margery Bailey, Kay Arthur,
and Amelia Barnes will be the
judges.
The winning play will be given a
reading on March 4, the date for
tryouts for the playreading to be
announced later. Men as well as
women's parts will be open. All
manuscripts should be handed in to
Dr. Lange's office.
Masquers will also select from the
entries a one-act play to be pro
duced and entered in the Northern
California Drama Association's one
act play contest to be held in San
Francisco in the spring. Last year
the play of "Kay Arthur was award
ed second prize in the competition,
and was published by the association.
Deadline for the Masquers' play
contest has been set as Saturday,
February 20. The women's honorary
dramatic society is offering $15 for
the best original one-act or full
length play. Dr. Gordon C. Lange,
Dr. Margery Bailey, Kay Arthur,
and Amelia Barnes will be the
judges.
The winning play will be given a
reading on March 4, the date for
tryouts for the playreading to be
announced later. Men as well as
women's parts will be open. All
manuscripts should be handed in to
Dr. Lange's office.
Masquers will also select from the
entries a one-act play to be pro
duced and entered in the Northern
California Drama Association's one
act play contest to be held in San
Francisco in the spring. Last year
the play of "Kay Arthur was award
ed second prize in the competition,
and was published by the association.
Deadline for the Masquers' play
contest has been set as Saturday,
February 20. The women's honorary
dramatic society is offering $15 for
the best original one-act or full
length play. Dr. Gordon C. Lange,
Dr. Margery Bailey, Kay Arthur,
and Amelia Barnes will be the
judges.
The winning play will be given a
reading on March 4, the date for
tryouts for the playreading to be
announced later. Men as well as
women's parts will be open. All
manuscripts should be handed in to
Dr. Lange's office.
Masquers will also select from the
entries a one-act play to be pro
duced and entered in the Northern
California Drama Association's one
act play contest to be held in San
Francisco in the spring. Last year
the play of "Kay Arthur was award
ed second prize in the competition,
and was published by the association.
Deadline for the Masquers' play
contest has been set as Saturday,
February 20. The women's honorary
dramatic society is offering $15 for
the best original one-act or full
length play. Dr. Gordon C. Lange,
Dr. Margery Bailey, Kay Arthur,
and Amelia Barnes will be the
judges.
The winning play will be given a
reading on March 4, the date for
tryouts for the playreading to be
announced later. Men as well as
women's parts will be open. All
manuscripts should be handed in to
Dr. Lange's office.
Masquers will also select from the
entries a one-act play to be pro
duced and entered in the Northern
California Drama Association's one
act play contest to be held in San
Francisco in the spring. Last year
the play of "Kay Arthur was award
ed second prize in the competition,
and was published by the association.
Deadline for the Masquers' play
contest has been set as Saturday,
February 20. The women's honorary
dramatic society is offering $15 for
the best original one-act or full
length play. Dr. Gordon C. Lange,
Dr. Margery Bailey, Kay Arthur,
and Amelia Barnes will be the
judges.
The winning play will be given a
reading on March 4, the date for
tryouts for the playreading to be
announced later. Men as well as
women's parts will be open. All
manuscripts should be handed in to
Dr. Lange's office.
Masquers will also select from the
entries a one-act play to be pro
duced and entered in the Northern
California Drama Association's one
act play contest to be held in San
Francisco in the spring. Last year
the play of "Kay Arthur was award
ed second prize in the competition,
and was published by the association.
Deadline for the Masquers' play
contest has been set as Saturday,
February 20. The women's honorary
dramatic society is offering $15 for
the best original one-act or full
length play. Dr. Gordon C. Lange,
Dr. Margery Bailey, Kay Arthur,
and Amelia Barnes will be the
judges.
The winning play will be given a
reading on March 4, the date for
tryouts for the playreading to be
announced later. Men as well as
women's parts will be open. All
manuscripts should be handed in to
Dr. Lange's office.
Masquers will also select from the
entries a one-act play to be pro
duced and entered in the Northern
California Drama Association's one
act play contest to be held in San
Francisco in the spring. Last year
the play of "Kay Arthur was award
ed second prize in the competition,
and was published by the association.
Deadline for the Masquers' play
contest has been set as Saturday,
February 20. The women's honorary
dramatic society is offering $15 for
the best original one-act or full
length play. Dr. Gordon C. Lange,
Dr. Margery Bailey, Kay Arthur,
and Amelia Barnes will be the
judges.
The winning play will be given a
reading on March 4, the date for
tryouts for the playreading to be
announced later. Men as well as
women's parts will be open. All
manuscripts should be handed in to
Dr. Lange's office.
Masquers will also select from the
entries a one-act play to be pro
duced and entered in the Northern
California Drama Association's one
act play contest to be held in San
Francisco in the spring. Last year
the play of "Kay Arthur was award
ed second prize in the competition,
and was published by the association.
Deadline for the Masquers' play
contest has been set as Saturday,
February 20. The women's honorary
dramatic society is offering $15 for
the best original one-act or full
length play. Dr. Gordon C. Lange,
Dr. Margery Bailey, Kay Arthur,
and Amelia Barnes will be the
judges.
The winning play will be given a
reading on March 4, the date for
tryouts for the playreading to be
announced later. Men as well as
women's parts will be open. All
manuscripts should be handed in to
Dr. Lange's office.
Masquers will also select from the
entries a one-act play to be pro
duced and entered in the Northern
California Drama Association's one
act play contest to be held in San
Francisco in the spring. Last year
the play of "Kay Arthur was award
ed second prize in the competition,
and was published by the association.
Deadline for the Masquers' play
contest has been set as Saturday,
February 20. The women's honorary
dramatic society is offering $15 for
the best original one-act or full
length play. Dr. Gordon C. Lange,
Dr. Margery Bailey, Kay Arthur,
and Amelia Barnes will be the
judges.
The winning play will be given a
reading on March 4, the date for
tryouts for the playreading to be
announced later. Men as well as
women's parts will be open. All
manuscripts should be handed in to
Dr. Lange's office.
Masquers will also select from the
entries a one-act play to be pro
duced and entered in the Northern
California Drama Association's one
act play contest to be held in San
Francisco in the spring. Last year
the play of "Kay Arthur was award
ed second prize in the competition,
and was published by the association.
