# TOMORROW
## 
### 
We come together tomorrow, one
and all, to pay respect to the memory
of the Founders of this University. We
assemble as an expression of gratitude
for the love and loyalty of Senator and
Mrs. Stanford that gave birth to our
University and nurtured it in the days
of its weak infancy. Attendance at the
exercises should not be considered in
the light of a duty, but rather as a
privilege and a pleasure. There is one
day in the calendar year when our
thoughts especially turn to those who
founded the institution. Then, it is
our privilege to hear from one, who
knew the Founders as no one else, of
their broad, noble, and enriching
ideals and of their plans for the chil
dren of California. It is a pleasure for
us undergraduates to listen to the stir
ring memories and recollection in the
history of the institution, and to re
flect over the possibilities for the fu
ture. It is a pleasure to look into the
lives of the Founders, and from them
draw inspiration and standards for
ourselves.
