# Untitled Article
## 
### 
I bid him look into the lives
of men as though into a mirror
and from others to take an
example for himself.—Terence.
I bid him look into the lives
of men as though into a mirror
and from others to take an
example for himself.—Terence.
I bid him look into the lives
of men as though into a mirror
and from others to take an
example for himself.—Terence.
I bid him look into the lives
of men as though into a mirror
and from others to take an
example for himself.—Terence.
I bid him look into the lives
of men as though into a mirror
and from others to take an
example for himself.—Terence.
I bid him look into the lives
of men as though into a mirror
and from others to take an
example for himself.—Terence.
I bid him look into the lives
of men as though into a mirror
and from others to take an
example for himself.—Terence.
I bid him look into the lives
of men as though into a mirror
and from others to take an
example for himself.—Terence.
I bid him look into the lives
of men as though into a mirror
and from others to take an
example for himself.—Terence.
I bid him look into the lives
of men as though into a mirror
and from others to take an
example for himself.—Terence.
I bid him look into the lives
of men as though into a mirror
and from others to take an
example for himself.—Terence.
I bid him look into the lives
of men as though into a mirror
and from others to take an
example for himself.—Terence.
I bid him look into the lives
of men as though into a mirror
and from others to take an
example for himself.—Terence.
