# Untitled Article
## 
### 
There will be a meeting of the Clas
sical Club on Wednesday evening,
March 10th at eight o'clock, at the
Alpha Omricon Pi sorority house. Dr.
Fairclough will be the speaker of the
evening. All interested in classical
studies are invited to be present.
There will be a meeting of the Clas
sical Club on Wednesday evening,
March 10th at eight o'clock, at the
Alpha Omricon Pi sorority house. Dr.
Fairclough will be the speaker of the
evening. All interested in classical
studies are invited to be present.
There will be a meeting of the Clas
sical Club on Wednesday evening,
March 10th at eight o'clock, at the
Alpha Omricon Pi sorority house. Dr.
Fairclough will be the speaker of the
evening. All interested in classical
studies are invited to be present.
There will be a meeting of the Clas
sical Club on Wednesday evening,
March 10th at eight o'clock, at the
Alpha Omricon Pi sorority house. Dr.
Fairclough will be the speaker of the
evening. All interested in classical
studies are invited to be present.
There will be a meeting of the Clas
sical Club on Wednesday evening,
March 10th at eight o'clock, at the
Alpha Omricon Pi sorority house. Dr.
Fairclough will be the speaker of the
evening. All interested in classical
studies are invited to be present.
There will be a meeting of the Clas
sical Club on Wednesday evening,
March 10th at eight o'clock, at the
Alpha Omricon Pi sorority house. Dr.
Fairclough will be the speaker of the
evening. All interested in classical
studies are invited to be present.
There will be a meeting of the Clas
sical Club on Wednesday evening,
March 10th at eight o'clock, at the
Alpha Omricon Pi sorority house. Dr.
Fairclough will be the speaker of the
evening. All interested in classical
studies are invited to be present.
There will be a meeting of the Clas
sical Club on Wednesday evening,
March 10th at eight o'clock, at the
Alpha Omricon Pi sorority house. Dr.
Fairclough will be the speaker of the
evening. All interested in classical
studies are invited to be present.
There will be a meeting of the Clas
sical Club on Wednesday evening,
March 10th at eight o'clock, at the
Alpha Omricon Pi sorority house. Dr.
Fairclough will be the speaker of the
evening. All interested in classical
studies are invited to be present.
There will be a meeting of the Clas
sical Club on Wednesday evening,
March 10th at eight o'clock, at the
Alpha Omricon Pi sorority house. Dr.
Fairclough will be the speaker of the
evening. All interested in classical
studies are invited to be present.
There will be a meeting of the Clas
sical Club on Wednesday evening,
March 10th at eight o'clock, at the
Alpha Omricon Pi sorority house. Dr.
Fairclough will be the speaker of the
evening. All interested in classical
studies are invited to be present.
There will be a meeting of the Clas
sical Club on Wednesday evening,
March 10th at eight o'clock, at the
Alpha Omricon Pi sorority house. Dr.
Fairclough will be the speaker of the
evening. All interested in classical
studies are invited to be present.
There will be a meeting of the Clas
sical Club on Wednesday evening,
March 10th at eight o'clock, at the
Alpha Omricon Pi sorority house. Dr.
Fairclough will be the speaker of the
evening. All interested in classical
studies are invited to be present.
