# BELGIAN FOOD SUPPLY REPORTED INADEQUATE
## Letters and Commission Bulletins From Mrs. Hoover Show Tremendous Shortage for February. 
### 
Commission 'bulletins and letters
from Mrs. Hoover, read before the
Stanford Belgian Relief Committee,
show that for the month of February,
the,re was a food shortage of 76,000
tons, and that the shortage for March
is Increasing. The letters ask for all
possible aid to enable the commission
to carry on the work so splendidly be
gun.
Up to the present time, all of the
generous donations of Americans, in
clcding the Rockefeller gift, have cov
ered the situation for only one month,
other nations having furnished the
amounts necessary during the other
months.
Eve.ry attempt is being made at
present to restore industries. A be
ginning is being made with the lace
manufacturers. The aim is to enable
those in the rapidly lengthening bread
line to pay for their food. The entire
line was r>oo miles long in January,
and in February it would have covered
the distance from New York to Salt
Lake.
Mrs. Ryan, the local relief treasurer,
reported that on February 7, $700 was
dispatched to Mr. Lindon Bates, vice
chairman of the American committee,
in New York, where it was turned into
rolled oats and sent across the water
that week. Six hundred dollars more
was sent on February 15. This $1800
was the result of collections since the
sailing of the Camino early in Decem
ber, considerably more than half of
this sum coming to Mrs. Adams from
alumni and friends at the University.
Mrs. Ryan reported $125 on hand to
ward the March collections.
The committee has received several
unexpected gifts, one of them a beau
tiful oil landscape, which has been ex
hibited in the Paris Salon. Mr. Wil
liam Silva, the distinguished artist who
gave it, is a member of the Philadel
phia Academy, and his work is very
popular in the East.
Commission 'bulletins and letters
from Mrs. Hoover, read before the
Stanford Belgian Relief Committee,
show that for the month of February,
the,re was a food shortage of 76,000
tons, and that the shortage for March
is Increasing. The letters ask for all
possible aid to enable the commission
to carry on the work so splendidly be
gun.
Up to the present time, all of the
generous donations of Americans, in
clcding the Rockefeller gift, have cov
ered the situation for only one month,
other nations having furnished the
amounts necessary during the other
months.
Eve.ry attempt is being made at
present to restore industries. A be
ginning is being made with the lace
manufacturers. The aim is to enable
those in the rapidly lengthening bread
line to pay for their food. The entire
line was r>oo miles long in January,
and in February it would have covered
the distance from New York to Salt
Lake.
Mrs. Ryan, the local relief treasurer,
reported that on February 7, $700 was
dispatched to Mr. Lindon Bates, vice
chairman of the American committee,
in New York, where it was turned into
rolled oats and sent across the water
that week. Six hundred dollars more
was sent on February 15. This $1800
was the result of collections since the
sailing of the Camino early in Decem
ber, considerably more than half of
this sum coming to Mrs. Adams from
alumni and friends at the University.
Mrs. Ryan reported $125 on hand to
ward the March collections.
The committee has received several
unexpected gifts, one of them a beau
tiful oil landscape, which has been ex
hibited in the Paris Salon. Mr. Wil
liam Silva, the distinguished artist who
gave it, is a member of the Philadel
phia Academy, and his work is very
popular in the East.
Commission 'bulletins and letters
from Mrs. Hoover, read before the
Stanford Belgian Relief Committee,
show that for the month of February,
the,re was a food shortage of 76,000
tons, and that the shortage for March
is Increasing. The letters ask for all
possible aid to enable the commission
to carry on the work so splendidly be
gun.
Up to the present time, all of the
generous donations of Americans, in
clcding the Rockefeller gift, have cov
ered the situation for only one month,
other nations having furnished the
amounts necessary during the other
months.
Eve.ry attempt is being made at
present to restore industries. A be
ginning is being made with the lace
manufacturers. The aim is to enable
those in the rapidly lengthening bread
line to pay for their food. The entire
line was r>oo miles long in January,
and in February it would have covered
the distance from New York to Salt
Lake.
Mrs. Ryan, the local relief treasurer,
reported that on February 7, $700 was
dispatched to Mr. Lindon Bates, vice
chairman of the American committee,
in New York, where it was turned into
rolled oats and sent across the water
that week. Six hundred dollars more
was sent on February 15. This $1800
was the result of collections since the
sailing of the Camino early in Decem
ber, considerably more than half of
this sum coming to Mrs. Adams from
alumni and friends at the University.
Mrs. Ryan reported $125 on hand to
ward the March collections.
The committee has received several
unexpected gifts, one of them a beau
tiful oil landscape, which has been ex
hibited in the Paris Salon. Mr. Wil
liam Silva, the distinguished artist who
gave it, is a member of the Philadel
phia Academy, and his work is very
popular in the East.
Commission 'bulletins and letters
from Mrs. Hoover, read before the
Stanford Belgian Relief Committee,
show that for the month of February,
the,re was a food shortage of 76,000
tons, and that the shortage for March
is Increasing. The letters ask for all
possible aid to enable the commission
to carry on the work so splendidly be
gun.
Up to the present time, all of the
generous donations of Americans, in
clcding the Rockefeller gift, have cov
ered the situation for only one month,
other nations having furnished the
amounts necessary during the other
months.
Eve.ry attempt is being made at
present to restore industries. A be
ginning is being made with the lace
manufacturers. The aim is to enable
those in the rapidly lengthening bread
line to pay for their food. The entire
line was r>oo miles long in January,
and in February it would have covered
the distance from New York to Salt
Lake.
Mrs. Ryan, the local relief treasurer,
reported that on February 7, $700 was
dispatched to Mr. Lindon Bates, vice
chairman of the American committee,
in New York, where it was turned into
rolled oats and sent across the water
that week. Six hundred dollars more
was sent on February 15. This $1800
was the result of collections since the
sailing of the Camino early in Decem
ber, considerably more than half of
this sum coming to Mrs. Adams from
alumni and friends at the University.
Mrs. Ryan reported $125 on hand to
ward the March collections.
The committee has received several
unexpected gifts, one of them a beau
tiful oil landscape, which has been ex
hibited in the Paris Salon. Mr. Wil
liam Silva, the distinguished artist who
gave it, is a member of the Philadel
phia Academy, and his work is very
popular in the East.
Commission 'bulletins and letters
from Mrs. Hoover, read before the
Stanford Belgian Relief Committee,
show that for the month of February,
the,re was a food shortage of 76,000
tons, and that the shortage for March
is Increasing. The letters ask for all
possible aid to enable the commission
to carry on the work so splendidly be
gun.
Up to the present time, all of the
generous donations of Americans, in
clcding the Rockefeller gift, have cov
ered the situation for only one month,
other nations having furnished the
amounts necessary during the other
months.
Eve.ry attempt is being made at
present to restore industries. A be
ginning is being made with the lace
manufacturers. The aim is to enable
those in the rapidly lengthening bread
line to pay for their food. The entire
line was r>oo miles long in January,
and in February it would have covered
the distance from New York to Salt
Lake.
Mrs. Ryan, the local relief treasurer,
reported that on February 7, $700 was
dispatched to Mr. Lindon Bates, vice
chairman of the American committee,
in New York, where it was turned into
rolled oats and sent across the water
that week. Six hundred dollars more
was sent on February 15. This $1800
was the result of collections since the
sailing of the Camino early in Decem
ber, considerably more than half of
this sum coming to Mrs. Adams from
alumni and friends at the University.
Mrs. Ryan reported $125 on hand to
ward the March collections.
The committee has received several
unexpected gifts, one of them a beau
tiful oil landscape, which has been ex
hibited in the Paris Salon. Mr. Wil
liam Silva, the distinguished artist who
gave it, is a member of the Philadel
phia Academy, and his work is very
popular in the East.
Commission 'bulletins and letters
from Mrs. Hoover, read before the
Stanford Belgian Relief Committee,
show that for the month of February,
the,re was a food shortage of 76,000
tons, and that the shortage for March
is Increasing. The letters ask for all
possible aid to enable the commission
to carry on the work so splendidly be
gun.
Up to the present time, all of the
generous donations of Americans, in
clcding the Rockefeller gift, have cov
ered the situation for only one month,
other nations having furnished the
amounts necessary during the other
months.
Eve.ry attempt is being made at
present to restore industries. A be
ginning is being made with the lace
manufacturers. The aim is to enable
those in the rapidly lengthening bread
line to pay for their food. The entire
line was r>oo miles long in January,
and in February it would have covered
the distance from New York to Salt
Lake.
Mrs. Ryan, the local relief treasurer,
reported that on February 7, $700 was
dispatched to Mr. Lindon Bates, vice
chairman of the American committee,
in New York, where it was turned into
rolled oats and sent across the water
that week. Six hundred dollars more
was sent on February 15. This $1800
was the result of collections since the
sailing of the Camino early in Decem
ber, considerably more than half of
this sum coming to Mrs. Adams from
alumni and friends at the University.
Mrs. Ryan reported $125 on hand to
ward the March collections.
The committee has received several
unexpected gifts, one of them a beau
tiful oil landscape, which has been ex
hibited in the Paris Salon. Mr. Wil
liam Silva, the distinguished artist who
gave it, is a member of the Philadel
phia Academy, and his work is very
popular in the East.
Commission 'bulletins and letters
from Mrs. Hoover, read before the
Stanford Belgian Relief Committee,
show that for the month of February,
the,re was a food shortage of 76,000
tons, and that the shortage for March
is Increasing. The letters ask for all
possible aid to enable the commission
to carry on the work so splendidly be
gun.
Up to the present time, all of the
generous donations of Americans, in
clcding the Rockefeller gift, have cov
ered the situation for only one month,
other nations having furnished the
amounts necessary during the other
months.
Eve.ry attempt is being made at
present to restore industries. A be
ginning is being made with the lace
manufacturers. The aim is to enable
those in the rapidly lengthening bread
line to pay for their food. The entire
line was r>oo miles long in January,
and in February it would have covered
the distance from New York to Salt
Lake.
Mrs. Ryan, the local relief treasurer,
reported that on February 7, $700 was
dispatched to Mr. Lindon Bates, vice
chairman of the American committee,
in New York, where it was turned into
rolled oats and sent across the water
that week. Six hundred dollars more
was sent on February 15. This $1800
was the result of collections since the
sailing of the Camino early in Decem
ber, considerably more than half of
this sum coming to Mrs. Adams from
alumni and friends at the University.
Mrs. Ryan reported $125 on hand to
ward the March collections.
The committee has received several
unexpected gifts, one of them a beau
tiful oil landscape, which has been ex
hibited in the Paris Salon. Mr. Wil
liam Silva, the distinguished artist who
gave it, is a member of the Philadel
phia Academy, and his work is very
popular in the East.
Commission 'bulletins and letters
from Mrs. Hoover, read before the
Stanford Belgian Relief Committee,
show that for the month of February,
the,re was a food shortage of 76,000
tons, and that the shortage for March
is Increasing. The letters ask for all
possible aid to enable the commission
to carry on the work so splendidly be
gun.
Up to the present time, all of the
generous donations of Americans, in
clcding the Rockefeller gift, have cov
ered the situation for only one month,
other nations having furnished the
amounts necessary during the other
months.
Eve.ry attempt is being made at
present to restore industries. A be
ginning is being made with the lace
manufacturers. The aim is to enable
those in the rapidly lengthening bread
line to pay for their food. The entire
line was r>oo miles long in January,
and in February it would have covered
the distance from New York to Salt
Lake.
Mrs. Ryan, the local relief treasurer,
reported that on February 7, $700 was
dispatched to Mr. Lindon Bates, vice
chairman of the American committee,
in New York, where it was turned into
rolled oats and sent across the water
that week. Six hundred dollars more
was sent on February 15. This $1800
was the result of collections since the
sailing of the Camino early in Decem
ber, considerably more than half of
this sum coming to Mrs. Adams from
alumni and friends at the University.
Mrs. Ryan reported $125 on hand to
ward the March collections.
The committee has received several
unexpected gifts, one of them a beau
tiful oil landscape, which has been ex
hibited in the Paris Salon. Mr. Wil
liam Silva, the distinguished artist who
gave it, is a member of the Philadel
phia Academy, and his work is very
popular in the East.
Commission 'bulletins and letters
from Mrs. Hoover, read before the
Stanford Belgian Relief Committee,
show that for the month of February,
the,re was a food shortage of 76,000
tons, and that the shortage for March
is Increasing. The letters ask for all
possible aid to enable the commission
to carry on the work so splendidly be
gun.
Up to the present time, all of the
generous donations of Americans, in
clcding the Rockefeller gift, have cov
ered the situation for only one month,
other nations having furnished the
amounts necessary during the other
months.
Eve.ry attempt is being made at
present to restore industries. A be
ginning is being made with the lace
manufacturers. The aim is to enable
those in the rapidly lengthening bread
line to pay for their food. The entire
line was r>oo miles long in January,
and in February it would have covered
the distance from New York to Salt
Lake.
Mrs. Ryan, the local relief treasurer,
reported that on February 7, $700 was
dispatched to Mr. Lindon Bates, vice
chairman of the American committee,
in New York, where it was turned into
rolled oats and sent across the water
that week. Six hundred dollars more
was sent on February 15. This $1800
was the result of collections since the
sailing of the Camino early in Decem
ber, considerably more than half of
this sum coming to Mrs. Adams from
alumni and friends at the University.
Mrs. Ryan reported $125 on hand to
ward the March collections.
The committee has received several
unexpected gifts, one of them a beau
tiful oil landscape, which has been ex
hibited in the Paris Salon. Mr. Wil
liam Silva, the distinguished artist who
gave it, is a member of the Philadel
phia Academy, and his work is very
popular in the East.
Commission 'bulletins and letters
from Mrs. Hoover, read before the
Stanford Belgian Relief Committee,
show that for the month of February,
the,re was a food shortage of 76,000
tons, and that the shortage for March
is Increasing. The letters ask for all
possible aid to enable the commission
to carry on the work so splendidly be
gun.
Up to the present time, all of the
generous donations of Americans, in
clcding the Rockefeller gift, have cov
ered the situation for only one month,
other nations having furnished the
amounts necessary during the other
months.
Eve.ry attempt is being made at
present to restore industries. A be
ginning is being made with the lace
manufacturers. The aim is to enable
those in the rapidly lengthening bread
line to pay for their food. The entire
line was r>oo miles long in January,
and in February it would have covered
the distance from New York to Salt
Lake.
Mrs. Ryan, the local relief treasurer,
reported that on February 7, $700 was
dispatched to Mr. Lindon Bates, vice
chairman of the American committee,
in New York, where it was turned into
rolled oats and sent across the water
that week. Six hundred dollars more
was sent on February 15. This $1800
was the result of collections since the
sailing of the Camino early in Decem
ber, considerably more than half of
this sum coming to Mrs. Adams from
alumni and friends at the University.
Mrs. Ryan reported $125 on hand to
ward the March collections.
The committee has received several
unexpected gifts, one of them a beau
tiful oil landscape, which has been ex
hibited in the Paris Salon. Mr. Wil
liam Silva, the distinguished artist who
gave it, is a member of the Philadel
phia Academy, and his work is very
popular in the East.
Commission 'bulletins and letters
from Mrs. Hoover, read before the
Stanford Belgian Relief Committee,
show that for the month of February,
the,re was a food shortage of 76,000
tons, and that the shortage for March
is Increasing. The letters ask for all
possible aid to enable the commission
to carry on the work so splendidly be
gun.
Up to the present time, all of the
generous donations of Americans, in
clcding the Rockefeller gift, have cov
ered the situation for only one month,
other nations having furnished the
amounts necessary during the other
months.
Eve.ry attempt is being made at
present to restore industries. A be
ginning is being made with the lace
manufacturers. The aim is to enable
those in the rapidly lengthening bread
line to pay for their food. The entire
line was r>oo miles long in January,
and in February it would have covered
the distance from New York to Salt
Lake.
Mrs. Ryan, the local relief treasurer,
reported that on February 7, $700 was
dispatched to Mr. Lindon Bates, vice
chairman of the American committee,
in New York, where it was turned into
rolled oats and sent across the water
that week. Six hundred dollars more
was sent on February 15. This $1800
was the result of collections since the
sailing of the Camino early in Decem
ber, considerably more than half of
this sum coming to Mrs. Adams from
alumni and friends at the University.
Mrs. Ryan reported $125 on hand to
ward the March collections.
The committee has received several
unexpected gifts, one of them a beau
tiful oil landscape, which has been ex
hibited in the Paris Salon. Mr. Wil
liam Silva, the distinguished artist who
gave it, is a member of the Philadel
phia Academy, and his work is very
popular in the East.
Commission 'bulletins and letters
from Mrs. Hoover, read before the
Stanford Belgian Relief Committee,
show that for the month of February,
the,re was a food shortage of 76,000
tons, and that the shortage for March
is Increasing. The letters ask for all
possible aid to enable the commission
to carry on the work so splendidly be
gun.
Up to the present time, all of the
generous donations of Americans, in
clcding the Rockefeller gift, have cov
ered the situation for only one month,
other nations having furnished the
amounts necessary during the other
months.
Eve.ry attempt is being made at
present to restore industries. A be
ginning is being made with the lace
manufacturers. The aim is to enable
those in the rapidly lengthening bread
line to pay for their food. The entire
line was r>oo miles long in January,
and in February it would have covered
the distance from New York to Salt
Lake.
Mrs. Ryan, the local relief treasurer,
reported that on February 7, $700 was
dispatched to Mr. Lindon Bates, vice
chairman of the American committee,
in New York, where it was turned into
rolled oats and sent across the water
that week. Six hundred dollars more
was sent on February 15. This $1800
was the result of collections since the
sailing of the Camino early in Decem
ber, considerably more than half of
this sum coming to Mrs. Adams from
alumni and friends at the University.
Mrs. Ryan reported $125 on hand to
ward the March collections.
The committee has received several
unexpected gifts, one of them a beau
tiful oil landscape, which has been ex
hibited in the Paris Salon. Mr. Wil
liam Silva, the distinguished artist who
gave it, is a member of the Philadel
phia Academy, and his work is very
popular in the East.
Commission 'bulletins and letters
from Mrs. Hoover, read before the
Stanford Belgian Relief Committee,
show that for the month of February,
the,re was a food shortage of 76,000
tons, and that the shortage for March
is Increasing. The letters ask for all
possible aid to enable the commission
to carry on the work so splendidly be
gun.
Up to the present time, all of the
generous donations of Americans, in
clcding the Rockefeller gift, have cov
ered the situation for only one month,
other nations having furnished the
amounts necessary during the other
months.
Eve.ry attempt is being made at
present to restore industries. A be
ginning is being made with the lace
manufacturers. The aim is to enable
those in the rapidly lengthening bread
line to pay for their food. The entire
line was r>oo miles long in January,
and in February it would have covered
the distance from New York to Salt
Lake.
Mrs. Ryan, the local relief treasurer,
reported that on February 7, $700 was
dispatched to Mr. Lindon Bates, vice
chairman of the American committee,
in New York, where it was turned into
rolled oats and sent across the water
that week. Six hundred dollars more
was sent on February 15. This $1800
was the result of collections since the
sailing of the Camino early in Decem
ber, considerably more than half of
this sum coming to Mrs. Adams from
alumni and friends at the University.
Mrs. Ryan reported $125 on hand to
ward the March collections.
The committee has received several
unexpected gifts, one of them a beau
tiful oil landscape, which has been ex
hibited in the Paris Salon. Mr. Wil
liam Silva, the distinguished artist who
gave it, is a member of the Philadel
phia Academy, and his work is very
popular in the East.
