# Untitled Article
## 
### 

SUNNING IN NORWAY—In the
background of the picture above,
showing Balcstrand in the Sognc
fjord district of west Norway, are
the Kvikne Hotel and the scenic
coastal mountains. — Photo cour
tesy Norwegian National Travel
Office.

SUNNING IN NORWAY—In the
background of the picture above,
showing Balcstrand in the Sognc
fjord district of west Norway, are
the Kvikne Hotel and the scenic
coastal mountains. — Photo cour
tesy Norwegian National Travel
Office.

SUNNING IN NORWAY—In the
background of the picture above,
showing Balcstrand in the Sognc
fjord district of west Norway, are
the Kvikne Hotel and the scenic
coastal mountains. — Photo cour
tesy Norwegian National Travel
Office.

SUNNING IN NORWAY—In the
background of the picture above,
showing Balcstrand in the Sognc
fjord district of west Norway, are
the Kvikne Hotel and the scenic
coastal mountains. — Photo cour
tesy Norwegian National Travel
Office.

SUNNING IN NORWAY—In the
background of the picture above,
showing Balcstrand in the Sognc
fjord district of west Norway, are
the Kvikne Hotel and the scenic
coastal mountains. — Photo cour
tesy Norwegian National Travel
Office.

SUNNING IN NORWAY—In the
background of the picture above,
showing Balcstrand in the Sognc
fjord district of west Norway, are
the Kvikne Hotel and the scenic
coastal mountains. — Photo cour
tesy Norwegian National Travel
Office.

SUNNING IN NORWAY—In the
background of the picture above,
showing Balcstrand in the Sognc
fjord district of west Norway, are
the Kvikne Hotel and the scenic
coastal mountains. — Photo cour
tesy Norwegian National Travel
Office.

SUNNING IN NORWAY—In the
background of the picture above,
showing Balcstrand in the Sognc
fjord district of west Norway, are
the Kvikne Hotel and the scenic
coastal mountains. — Photo cour
tesy Norwegian National Travel
Office.

SUNNING IN NORWAY—In the
background of the picture above,
showing Balcstrand in the Sognc
fjord district of west Norway, are
the Kvikne Hotel and the scenic
coastal mountains. — Photo cour
tesy Norwegian National Travel
Office.

SUNNING IN NORWAY—In the
background of the picture above,
showing Balcstrand in the Sognc
fjord district of west Norway, are
the Kvikne Hotel and the scenic
coastal mountains. — Photo cour
tesy Norwegian National Travel
Office.

SUNNING IN NORWAY—In the
background of the picture above,
showing Balcstrand in the Sognc
fjord district of west Norway, are
the Kvikne Hotel and the scenic
coastal mountains. — Photo cour
tesy Norwegian National Travel
Office.

SUNNING IN NORWAY—In the
background of the picture above,
showing Balcstrand in the Sognc
fjord district of west Norway, are
the Kvikne Hotel and the scenic
coastal mountains. — Photo cour
tesy Norwegian National Travel
Office.

SUNNING IN NORWAY—In the
background of the picture above,
showing Balcstrand in the Sognc
fjord district of west Norway, are
the Kvikne Hotel and the scenic
coastal mountains. — Photo cour
tesy Norwegian National Travel
Office.

SUNNING IN NORWAY—In the
background of the picture above,
showing Balcstrand in the Sognc
fjord district of west Norway, are
the Kvikne Hotel and the scenic
coastal mountains. — Photo cour
tesy Norwegian National Travel
Office.

SUNNING IN NORWAY—In the
background of the picture above,
showing Balcstrand in the Sognc
fjord district of west Norway, are
the Kvikne Hotel and the scenic
coastal mountains. — Photo cour
tesy Norwegian National Travel
Office.
