# BRANNER ELECTION
## 
### 
The following nominees for offices
will be voted upon in the Branner
election to be held Thursday night
from 7 to D o'clock: Secretary of
Branner Club, /erne Brown and
Lincoln Rode; senior representative,
Sloan McCormic.k; sophomore rep
resentative. Rawscn Holmes anil
Russel Niclson. The election will
take place in Branner lobby.
The following nominees for offices
will be voted upon in the Branner
election to be held Thursday night
from 7 to D o'clock: Secretary of
Branner Club, /erne Brown and
Lincoln Rode; senior representative,
Sloan McCormic.k; sophomore rep
resentative. Rawscn Holmes anil
Russel Niclson. The election will
take place in Branner lobby.
The following nominees for offices
will be voted upon in the Branner
election to be held Thursday night
from 7 to D o'clock: Secretary of
Branner Club, /erne Brown and
Lincoln Rode; senior representative,
Sloan McCormic.k; sophomore rep
resentative. Rawscn Holmes anil
Russel Niclson. The election will
take place in Branner lobby.
The following nominees for offices
will be voted upon in the Branner
election to be held Thursday night
from 7 to D o'clock: Secretary of
Branner Club, /erne Brown and
Lincoln Rode; senior representative,
Sloan McCormic.k; sophomore rep
resentative. Rawscn Holmes anil
Russel Niclson. The election will
take place in Branner lobby.
The following nominees for offices
will be voted upon in the Branner
election to be held Thursday night
from 7 to D o'clock: Secretary of
Branner Club, /erne Brown and
Lincoln Rode; senior representative,
Sloan McCormic.k; sophomore rep
resentative. Rawscn Holmes anil
Russel Niclson. The election will
take place in Branner lobby.
The following nominees for offices
will be voted upon in the Branner
election to be held Thursday night
from 7 to D o'clock: Secretary of
Branner Club, /erne Brown and
Lincoln Rode; senior representative,
Sloan McCormic.k; sophomore rep
resentative. Rawscn Holmes anil
Russel Niclson. The election will
take place in Branner lobby.
The following nominees for offices
will be voted upon in the Branner
election to be held Thursday night
from 7 to D o'clock: Secretary of
Branner Club, /erne Brown and
Lincoln Rode; senior representative,
Sloan McCormic.k; sophomore rep
resentative. Rawscn Holmes anil
Russel Niclson. The election will
take place in Branner lobby.
The following nominees for offices
will be voted upon in the Branner
election to be held Thursday night
from 7 to D o'clock: Secretary of
Branner Club, /erne Brown and
Lincoln Rode; senior representative,
Sloan McCormic.k; sophomore rep
resentative. Rawscn Holmes anil
Russel Niclson. The election will
take place in Branner lobby.
The following nominees for offices
will be voted upon in the Branner
election to be held Thursday night
from 7 to D o'clock: Secretary of
Branner Club, /erne Brown and
Lincoln Rode; senior representative,
Sloan McCormic.k; sophomore rep
resentative. Rawscn Holmes anil
Russel Niclson. The election will
take place in Branner lobby.
The following nominees for offices
will be voted upon in the Branner
election to be held Thursday night
from 7 to D o'clock: Secretary of
Branner Club, /erne Brown and
Lincoln Rode; senior representative,
Sloan McCormic.k; sophomore rep
resentative. Rawscn Holmes anil
Russel Niclson. The election will
take place in Branner lobby.
The following nominees for offices
will be voted upon in the Branner
election to be held Thursday night
from 7 to D o'clock: Secretary of
Branner Club, /erne Brown and
Lincoln Rode; senior representative,
Sloan McCormic.k; sophomore rep
resentative. Rawscn Holmes anil
Russel Niclson. The election will
take place in Branner lobby.
The following nominees for offices
will be voted upon in the Branner
election to be held Thursday night
from 7 to D o'clock: Secretary of
Branner Club, /erne Brown and
Lincoln Rode; senior representative,
Sloan McCormic.k; sophomore rep
resentative. Rawscn Holmes anil
Russel Niclson. The election will
take place in Branner lobby.
The following nominees for offices
will be voted upon in the Branner
election to be held Thursday night
from 7 to D o'clock: Secretary of
Branner Club, /erne Brown and
Lincoln Rode; senior representative,
Sloan McCormic.k; sophomore rep
resentative. Rawscn Holmes anil
Russel Niclson. The election will
take place in Branner lobby.
The following nominees for offices
will be voted upon in the Branner
election to be held Thursday night
from 7 to D o'clock: Secretary of
Branner Club, /erne Brown and
Lincoln Rode; senior representative,
Sloan McCormic.k; sophomore rep
resentative. Rawscn Holmes anil
Russel Niclson. The election will
take place in Branner lobby.
The following nominees for offices
will be voted upon in the Branner
election to be held Thursday night
from 7 to D o'clock: Secretary of
Branner Club, /erne Brown and
Lincoln Rode; senior representative,
Sloan McCormic.k; sophomore rep
resentative. Rawscn Holmes anil
Russel Niclson. The election will
take place in Branner lobby.
The following nominees for offices
will be voted upon in the Branner
election to be held Thursday night
from 7 to D o'clock: Secretary of
Branner Club, /erne Brown and
Lincoln Rode; senior representative,
Sloan McCormic.k; sophomore rep
resentative. Rawscn Holmes anil
Russel Niclson. The election will
take place in Branner lobby.
The following nominees for offices
will be voted upon in the Branner
election to be held Thursday night
from 7 to D o'clock: Secretary of
Branner Club, /erne Brown and
Lincoln Rode; senior representative,
Sloan McCormic.k; sophomore rep
resentative. Rawscn Holmes anil
Russel Niclson. The election will
take place in Branner lobby.
