# COACHES TAKE PLUNGE Trojan Victory Responsible STREET CLOTHES WORN
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 27. (/P> â€”If
anyone happens to see a pair of ap
parently rational men plunge into
the Pacific some chill autumn day,
don't get excited.
It's not suicide. Only Coach How
ard Jones and the University of
Southern California athletic direc
tor, Willis Hunter, kepeing an agree
ment.
The Trojan 41 to 12 victory over
Stanford is responsible. Back in the
Stanford heyday, while S.C. was
.still a struggling institution and
Coach Jones first made his appear
ance on the coast, he made an
agreement with Hunter that should
his eleven ever rise to the heights
and defeat the Cardinals by three
touchdowns, they would leap into
the briny deep, street clothes re
gardless.
