# SALE OF BRANNER DANCE BIDS TODAY
## 
### 
Bids for the 4 Doggy Dance" to
be held at Branner Hall Friday eve
ning, November 7, will go on sale
today, according to Art Katzev, :
chairman of the dance committee.
Elaborate plans are being made to
carry out the decorations in a 1
canine motif. Programs and decora- I
tions will continue the "doggy" I
theme.
Bids will be $2.50 and may be ob- '
tained from any of the following: ,
Bob Thornton, Earl Rouda, Maddi- j
son Jones, Hubert Troth, and Ar- i
thur Katzev.
Bids for the 4 Doggy Dance" to
be held at Branner Hall Friday eve
ning, November 7, will go on sale
today, according to Art Katzev, :
chairman of the dance committee.
Elaborate plans are being made to
carry out the decorations in a 1
canine motif. Programs and decora- I
tions will continue the "doggy" I
theme.
Bids will be $2.50 and may be ob- '
tained from any of the following: ,
Bob Thornton, Earl Rouda, Maddi- j
son Jones, Hubert Troth, and Ar- i
thur Katzev.
Bids for the 4 Doggy Dance" to
be held at Branner Hall Friday eve
ning, November 7, will go on sale
today, according to Art Katzev, :
chairman of the dance committee.
Elaborate plans are being made to
carry out the decorations in a 1
canine motif. Programs and decora- I
tions will continue the "doggy" I
theme.
Bids will be $2.50 and may be ob- '
tained from any of the following: ,
Bob Thornton, Earl Rouda, Maddi- j
son Jones, Hubert Troth, and Ar- i
thur Katzev.
Bids for the 4 Doggy Dance" to
be held at Branner Hall Friday eve
ning, November 7, will go on sale
today, according to Art Katzev, :
chairman of the dance committee.
Elaborate plans are being made to
carry out the decorations in a 1
canine motif. Programs and decora- I
tions will continue the "doggy" I
theme.
Bids will be $2.50 and may be ob- '
tained from any of the following: ,
Bob Thornton, Earl Rouda, Maddi- j
son Jones, Hubert Troth, and Ar- i
thur Katzev.
Bids for the 4 Doggy Dance" to
be held at Branner Hall Friday eve
ning, November 7, will go on sale
today, according to Art Katzev, :
chairman of the dance committee.
Elaborate plans are being made to
carry out the decorations in a 1
canine motif. Programs and decora- I
tions will continue the "doggy" I
theme.
Bids will be $2.50 and may be ob- '
tained from any of the following: ,
Bob Thornton, Earl Rouda, Maddi- j
son Jones, Hubert Troth, and Ar- i
thur Katzev.
Bids for the 4 Doggy Dance" to
be held at Branner Hall Friday eve
ning, November 7, will go on sale
today, according to Art Katzev, :
chairman of the dance committee.
Elaborate plans are being made to
carry out the decorations in a 1
canine motif. Programs and decora- I
tions will continue the "doggy" I
theme.
Bids will be $2.50 and may be ob- '
tained from any of the following: ,
Bob Thornton, Earl Rouda, Maddi- j
son Jones, Hubert Troth, and Ar- i
thur Katzev.
Bids for the 4 Doggy Dance" to
be held at Branner Hall Friday eve
ning, November 7, will go on sale
today, according to Art Katzev, :
chairman of the dance committee.
Elaborate plans are being made to
carry out the decorations in a 1
canine motif. Programs and decora- I
tions will continue the "doggy" I
theme.
Bids will be $2.50 and may be ob- '
tained from any of the following: ,
Bob Thornton, Earl Rouda, Maddi- j
son Jones, Hubert Troth, and Ar- i
thur Katzev.
Bids for the 4 Doggy Dance" to
be held at Branner Hall Friday eve
ning, November 7, will go on sale
today, according to Art Katzev, :
chairman of the dance committee.
Elaborate plans are being made to
carry out the decorations in a 1
canine motif. Programs and decora- I
tions will continue the "doggy" I
theme.
Bids will be $2.50 and may be ob- '
tained from any of the following: ,
Bob Thornton, Earl Rouda, Maddi- j
son Jones, Hubert Troth, and Ar- i
thur Katzev.
Bids for the 4 Doggy Dance" to
be held at Branner Hall Friday eve
ning, November 7, will go on sale
today, according to Art Katzev, :
chairman of the dance committee.
Elaborate plans are being made to
carry out the decorations in a 1
canine motif. Programs and decora- I
tions will continue the "doggy" I
theme.
Bids will be $2.50 and may be ob- '
tained from any of the following: ,
Bob Thornton, Earl Rouda, Maddi- j
son Jones, Hubert Troth, and Ar- i
thur Katzev.
Bids for the 4 Doggy Dance" to
be held at Branner Hall Friday eve
ning, November 7, will go on sale
today, according to Art Katzev, :
chairman of the dance committee.
Elaborate plans are being made to
carry out the decorations in a 1
canine motif. Programs and decora- I
tions will continue the "doggy" I
theme.
Bids will be $2.50 and may be ob- '
tained from any of the following: ,
Bob Thornton, Earl Rouda, Maddi- j
son Jones, Hubert Troth, and Ar- i
thur Katzev.
Bids for the 4 Doggy Dance" to
be held at Branner Hall Friday eve
ning, November 7, will go on sale
today, according to Art Katzev, :
chairman of the dance committee.
Elaborate plans are being made to
carry out the decorations in a 1
canine motif. Programs and decora- I
tions will continue the "doggy" I
theme.
Bids will be $2.50 and may be ob- '
tained from any of the following: ,
Bob Thornton, Earl Rouda, Maddi- j
son Jones, Hubert Troth, and Ar- i
thur Katzev.
Bids for the 4 Doggy Dance" to
be held at Branner Hall Friday eve
ning, November 7, will go on sale
today, according to Art Katzev, :
chairman of the dance committee.
Elaborate plans are being made to
carry out the decorations in a 1
canine motif. Programs and decora- I
tions will continue the "doggy" I
theme.
Bids will be $2.50 and may be ob- '
tained from any of the following: ,
Bob Thornton, Earl Rouda, Maddi- j
son Jones, Hubert Troth, and Ar- i
thur Katzev.
Bids for the 4 Doggy Dance" to
be held at Branner Hall Friday eve
ning, November 7, will go on sale
today, according to Art Katzev, :
chairman of the dance committee.
Elaborate plans are being made to
carry out the decorations in a 1
canine motif. Programs and decora- I
tions will continue the "doggy" I
theme.
Bids will be $2.50 and may be ob- '
tained from any of the following: ,
Bob Thornton, Earl Rouda, Maddi- j
son Jones, Hubert Troth, and Ar- i
thur Katzev.
Bids for the 4 Doggy Dance" to
be held at Branner Hall Friday eve
ning, November 7, will go on sale
today, according to Art Katzev, :
chairman of the dance committee.
Elaborate plans are being made to
carry out the decorations in a 1
canine motif. Programs and decora- I
tions will continue the "doggy" I
theme.
Bids will be $2.50 and may be ob- '
tained from any of the following: ,
Bob Thornton, Earl Rouda, Maddi- j
son Jones, Hubert Troth, and Ar- i
thur Katzev.
Bids for the 4 Doggy Dance" to
be held at Branner Hall Friday eve
ning, November 7, will go on sale
today, according to Art Katzev, :
chairman of the dance committee.
Elaborate plans are being made to
carry out the decorations in a 1
canine motif. Programs and decora- I
tions will continue the "doggy" I
theme.
Bids will be $2.50 and may be ob- '
tained from any of the following: ,
Bob Thornton, Earl Rouda, Maddi- j
son Jones, Hubert Troth, and Ar- i
thur Katzev.
Bids for the 4 Doggy Dance" to
be held at Branner Hall Friday eve
ning, November 7, will go on sale
today, according to Art Katzev, :
chairman of the dance committee.
Elaborate plans are being made to
carry out the decorations in a 1
canine motif. Programs and decora- I
tions will continue the "doggy" I
theme.
Bids will be $2.50 and may be ob- '
tained from any of the following: ,
Bob Thornton, Earl Rouda, Maddi- j
son Jones, Hubert Troth, and Ar- i
thur Katzev.
Bids for the 4 Doggy Dance" to
be held at Branner Hall Friday eve
ning, November 7, will go on sale
today, according to Art Katzev, :
chairman of the dance committee.
Elaborate plans are being made to
carry out the decorations in a 1
canine motif. Programs and decora- I
tions will continue the "doggy" I
theme.
Bids will be $2.50 and may be ob- '
tained from any of the following: ,
Bob Thornton, Earl Rouda, Maddi- j
son Jones, Hubert Troth, and Ar- i
thur Katzev.
