# CHORUS TENORS TO REHEARSE TONIGHT
## 
### 
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will hold a rehearsal of all
tenors in the oratorio chorus in
Room 84 at 8 o'clock tonight and
another of all sopranos and altos at
the same time tomorrow. These two
rehearsals will he the last of the
sections separately, and Allen urges
all members to be present.
Beginning next Sunday extensive
rehearsals of the Full Chorus will
be called and drilled in preparation
for the performance of Brahm's
"Requiem" to be given in the Me
morial Church on Armistice Day.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will hold a rehearsal of all
tenors in the oratorio chorus in
Room 84 at 8 o'clock tonight and
another of all sopranos and altos at
the same time tomorrow. These two
rehearsals will he the last of the
sections separately, and Allen urges
all members to be present.
Beginning next Sunday extensive
rehearsals of the Full Chorus will
be called and drilled in preparation
for the performance of Brahm's
"Requiem" to be given in the Me
morial Church on Armistice Day.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will hold a rehearsal of all
tenors in the oratorio chorus in
Room 84 at 8 o'clock tonight and
another of all sopranos and altos at
the same time tomorrow. These two
rehearsals will he the last of the
sections separately, and Allen urges
all members to be present.
Beginning next Sunday extensive
rehearsals of the Full Chorus will
be called and drilled in preparation
for the performance of Brahm's
"Requiem" to be given in the Me
morial Church on Armistice Day.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will hold a rehearsal of all
tenors in the oratorio chorus in
Room 84 at 8 o'clock tonight and
another of all sopranos and altos at
the same time tomorrow. These two
rehearsals will he the last of the
sections separately, and Allen urges
all members to be present.
Beginning next Sunday extensive
rehearsals of the Full Chorus will
be called and drilled in preparation
for the performance of Brahm's
"Requiem" to be given in the Me
morial Church on Armistice Day.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will hold a rehearsal of all
tenors in the oratorio chorus in
Room 84 at 8 o'clock tonight and
another of all sopranos and altos at
the same time tomorrow. These two
rehearsals will he the last of the
sections separately, and Allen urges
all members to be present.
Beginning next Sunday extensive
rehearsals of the Full Chorus will
be called and drilled in preparation
for the performance of Brahm's
"Requiem" to be given in the Me
morial Church on Armistice Day.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will hold a rehearsal of all
tenors in the oratorio chorus in
Room 84 at 8 o'clock tonight and
another of all sopranos and altos at
the same time tomorrow. These two
rehearsals will he the last of the
sections separately, and Allen urges
all members to be present.
Beginning next Sunday extensive
rehearsals of the Full Chorus will
be called and drilled in preparation
for the performance of Brahm's
"Requiem" to be given in the Me
morial Church on Armistice Day.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will hold a rehearsal of all
tenors in the oratorio chorus in
Room 84 at 8 o'clock tonight and
another of all sopranos and altos at
the same time tomorrow. These two
rehearsals will he the last of the
sections separately, and Allen urges
all members to be present.
Beginning next Sunday extensive
rehearsals of the Full Chorus will
be called and drilled in preparation
for the performance of Brahm's
"Requiem" to be given in the Me
morial Church on Armistice Day.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will hold a rehearsal of all
tenors in the oratorio chorus in
Room 84 at 8 o'clock tonight and
another of all sopranos and altos at
the same time tomorrow. These two
rehearsals will he the last of the
sections separately, and Allen urges
all members to be present.
Beginning next Sunday extensive
rehearsals of the Full Chorus will
be called and drilled in preparation
for the performance of Brahm's
"Requiem" to be given in the Me
morial Church on Armistice Day.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will hold a rehearsal of all
tenors in the oratorio chorus in
Room 84 at 8 o'clock tonight and
another of all sopranos and altos at
the same time tomorrow. These two
rehearsals will he the last of the
sections separately, and Allen urges
all members to be present.
Beginning next Sunday extensive
rehearsals of the Full Chorus will
be called and drilled in preparation
for the performance of Brahm's
"Requiem" to be given in the Me
morial Church on Armistice Day.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will hold a rehearsal of all
tenors in the oratorio chorus in
Room 84 at 8 o'clock tonight and
another of all sopranos and altos at
the same time tomorrow. These two
rehearsals will he the last of the
sections separately, and Allen urges
all members to be present.
Beginning next Sunday extensive
rehearsals of the Full Chorus will
be called and drilled in preparation
for the performance of Brahm's
"Requiem" to be given in the Me
morial Church on Armistice Day.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will hold a rehearsal of all
tenors in the oratorio chorus in
Room 84 at 8 o'clock tonight and
another of all sopranos and altos at
the same time tomorrow. These two
rehearsals will he the last of the
sections separately, and Allen urges
all members to be present.
Beginning next Sunday extensive
rehearsals of the Full Chorus will
be called and drilled in preparation
for the performance of Brahm's
"Requiem" to be given in the Me
morial Church on Armistice Day.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will hold a rehearsal of all
tenors in the oratorio chorus in
Room 84 at 8 o'clock tonight and
another of all sopranos and altos at
the same time tomorrow. These two
rehearsals will he the last of the
sections separately, and Allen urges
all members to be present.
Beginning next Sunday extensive
rehearsals of the Full Chorus will
be called and drilled in preparation
for the performance of Brahm's
"Requiem" to be given in the Me
morial Church on Armistice Day.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will hold a rehearsal of all
tenors in the oratorio chorus in
Room 84 at 8 o'clock tonight and
another of all sopranos and altos at
the same time tomorrow. These two
rehearsals will he the last of the
sections separately, and Allen urges
all members to be present.
Beginning next Sunday extensive
rehearsals of the Full Chorus will
be called and drilled in preparation
for the performance of Brahm's
"Requiem" to be given in the Me
morial Church on Armistice Day.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will hold a rehearsal of all
tenors in the oratorio chorus in
Room 84 at 8 o'clock tonight and
another of all sopranos and altos at
the same time tomorrow. These two
rehearsals will he the last of the
sections separately, and Allen urges
all members to be present.
Beginning next Sunday extensive
rehearsals of the Full Chorus will
be called and drilled in preparation
for the performance of Brahm's
"Requiem" to be given in the Me
morial Church on Armistice Day.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will hold a rehearsal of all
tenors in the oratorio chorus in
Room 84 at 8 o'clock tonight and
another of all sopranos and altos at
the same time tomorrow. These two
rehearsals will he the last of the
sections separately, and Allen urges
all members to be present.
Beginning next Sunday extensive
rehearsals of the Full Chorus will
be called and drilled in preparation
for the performance of Brahm's
"Requiem" to be given in the Me
morial Church on Armistice Day.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will hold a rehearsal of all
tenors in the oratorio chorus in
Room 84 at 8 o'clock tonight and
another of all sopranos and altos at
the same time tomorrow. These two
rehearsals will he the last of the
sections separately, and Allen urges
all members to be present.
Beginning next Sunday extensive
rehearsals of the Full Chorus will
be called and drilled in preparation
for the performance of Brahm's
"Requiem" to be given in the Me
morial Church on Armistice Day.
Warren D. Allen, University or
ganist, will hold a rehearsal of all
tenors in the oratorio chorus in
Room 84 at 8 o'clock tonight and
another of all sopranos and altos at
the same time tomorrow. These two
rehearsals will he the last of the
sections separately, and Allen urges
all members to be present.
Beginning next Sunday extensive
rehearsals of the Full Chorus will
be called and drilled in preparation
for the performance of Brahm's
"Requiem" to be given in the Me
morial Church on Armistice Day.
