# SYMPHONY TO HOLD REHEARSAL TONIGHT
## 
### 
A rehearsal of the Stanford Sym
phony Orchestra will be held to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Roble
Gymnasium, it was announced yes
terday.
The orchestra, under the direction
of Daniel P. Bryant, is preparing
Beethoven's First Symphony, which
is to be presented in a concert some
time near December 1. Soloists for
the concert have not as yet been
announced.
A rehearsal of the Stanford Sym
phony Orchestra will be held to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Roble
Gymnasium, it was announced yes
terday.
The orchestra, under the direction
of Daniel P. Bryant, is preparing
Beethoven's First Symphony, which
is to be presented in a concert some
time near December 1. Soloists for
the concert have not as yet been
announced.
A rehearsal of the Stanford Sym
phony Orchestra will be held to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Roble
Gymnasium, it was announced yes
terday.
The orchestra, under the direction
of Daniel P. Bryant, is preparing
Beethoven's First Symphony, which
is to be presented in a concert some
time near December 1. Soloists for
the concert have not as yet been
announced.
A rehearsal of the Stanford Sym
phony Orchestra will be held to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Roble
Gymnasium, it was announced yes
terday.
The orchestra, under the direction
of Daniel P. Bryant, is preparing
Beethoven's First Symphony, which
is to be presented in a concert some
time near December 1. Soloists for
the concert have not as yet been
announced.
A rehearsal of the Stanford Sym
phony Orchestra will be held to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Roble
Gymnasium, it was announced yes
terday.
The orchestra, under the direction
of Daniel P. Bryant, is preparing
Beethoven's First Symphony, which
is to be presented in a concert some
time near December 1. Soloists for
the concert have not as yet been
announced.
A rehearsal of the Stanford Sym
phony Orchestra will be held to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Roble
Gymnasium, it was announced yes
terday.
The orchestra, under the direction
of Daniel P. Bryant, is preparing
Beethoven's First Symphony, which
is to be presented in a concert some
time near December 1. Soloists for
the concert have not as yet been
announced.
A rehearsal of the Stanford Sym
phony Orchestra will be held to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Roble
Gymnasium, it was announced yes
terday.
The orchestra, under the direction
of Daniel P. Bryant, is preparing
Beethoven's First Symphony, which
is to be presented in a concert some
time near December 1. Soloists for
the concert have not as yet been
announced.
A rehearsal of the Stanford Sym
phony Orchestra will be held to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Roble
Gymnasium, it was announced yes
terday.
The orchestra, under the direction
of Daniel P. Bryant, is preparing
Beethoven's First Symphony, which
is to be presented in a concert some
time near December 1. Soloists for
the concert have not as yet been
announced.
A rehearsal of the Stanford Sym
phony Orchestra will be held to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Roble
Gymnasium, it was announced yes
terday.
The orchestra, under the direction
of Daniel P. Bryant, is preparing
Beethoven's First Symphony, which
is to be presented in a concert some
time near December 1. Soloists for
the concert have not as yet been
announced.
A rehearsal of the Stanford Sym
phony Orchestra will be held to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Roble
Gymnasium, it was announced yes
terday.
The orchestra, under the direction
of Daniel P. Bryant, is preparing
Beethoven's First Symphony, which
is to be presented in a concert some
time near December 1. Soloists for
the concert have not as yet been
announced.
A rehearsal of the Stanford Sym
phony Orchestra will be held to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Roble
Gymnasium, it was announced yes
terday.
The orchestra, under the direction
of Daniel P. Bryant, is preparing
Beethoven's First Symphony, which
is to be presented in a concert some
time near December 1. Soloists for
the concert have not as yet been
announced.
A rehearsal of the Stanford Sym
phony Orchestra will be held to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Roble
Gymnasium, it was announced yes
terday.
The orchestra, under the direction
of Daniel P. Bryant, is preparing
Beethoven's First Symphony, which
is to be presented in a concert some
time near December 1. Soloists for
the concert have not as yet been
announced.
A rehearsal of the Stanford Sym
phony Orchestra will be held to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Roble
Gymnasium, it was announced yes
terday.
The orchestra, under the direction
of Daniel P. Bryant, is preparing
Beethoven's First Symphony, which
is to be presented in a concert some
time near December 1. Soloists for
the concert have not as yet been
announced.
A rehearsal of the Stanford Sym
phony Orchestra will be held to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Roble
Gymnasium, it was announced yes
terday.
The orchestra, under the direction
of Daniel P. Bryant, is preparing
Beethoven's First Symphony, which
is to be presented in a concert some
time near December 1. Soloists for
the concert have not as yet been
announced.
A rehearsal of the Stanford Sym
phony Orchestra will be held to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Roble
Gymnasium, it was announced yes
terday.
The orchestra, under the direction
of Daniel P. Bryant, is preparing
Beethoven's First Symphony, which
is to be presented in a concert some
time near December 1. Soloists for
the concert have not as yet been
announced.
A rehearsal of the Stanford Sym
phony Orchestra will be held to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Roble
Gymnasium, it was announced yes
terday.
The orchestra, under the direction
of Daniel P. Bryant, is preparing
Beethoven's First Symphony, which
is to be presented in a concert some
time near December 1. Soloists for
the concert have not as yet been
announced.
A rehearsal of the Stanford Sym
phony Orchestra will be held to
night at 7:15 o'clock in the Roble
Gymnasium, it was announced yes
terday.
The orchestra, under the direction
of Daniel P. Bryant, is preparing
Beethoven's First Symphony, which
is to be presented in a concert some
time near December 1. Soloists for
the concert have not as yet been
announced.
