# BLUE SUNDAY UPHELD
## 
### 
PALO ALTO, Oct. 27. (/P)-_"RC
igion alone has the prerogative to
lefine certain days as holy time,
>nd to declare certain work por
ormed on those days as being
vron;,," declared Elmer Henry
\dams, minister of the Seventh Day
Vdventist Church.
PALO ALTO, Oct. 27. (/P)-_"RC
igion alone has the prerogative to
lefine certain days as holy time,
>nd to declare certain work por
ormed on those days as being
vron;,," declared Elmer Henry
\dams, minister of the Seventh Day
Vdventist Church.
PALO ALTO, Oct. 27. (/P)-_"RC
igion alone has the prerogative to
lefine certain days as holy time,
>nd to declare certain work por
ormed on those days as being
vron;,," declared Elmer Henry
\dams, minister of the Seventh Day
Vdventist Church.
PALO ALTO, Oct. 27. (/P)-_"RC
igion alone has the prerogative to
lefine certain days as holy time,
>nd to declare certain work por
ormed on those days as being
vron;,," declared Elmer Henry
\dams, minister of the Seventh Day
Vdventist Church.
PALO ALTO, Oct. 27. (/P)-_"RC
igion alone has the prerogative to
lefine certain days as holy time,
>nd to declare certain work por
ormed on those days as being
vron;,," declared Elmer Henry
\dams, minister of the Seventh Day
Vdventist Church.
PALO ALTO, Oct. 27. (/P)-_"RC
igion alone has the prerogative to
lefine certain days as holy time,
>nd to declare certain work por
ormed on those days as being
vron;,," declared Elmer Henry
\dams, minister of the Seventh Day
Vdventist Church.
PALO ALTO, Oct. 27. (/P)-_"RC
igion alone has the prerogative to
lefine certain days as holy time,
>nd to declare certain work por
ormed on those days as being
vron;,," declared Elmer Henry
\dams, minister of the Seventh Day
Vdventist Church.
PALO ALTO, Oct. 27. (/P)-_"RC
igion alone has the prerogative to
lefine certain days as holy time,
>nd to declare certain work por
ormed on those days as being
vron;,," declared Elmer Henry
\dams, minister of the Seventh Day
Vdventist Church.
PALO ALTO, Oct. 27. (/P)-_"RC
igion alone has the prerogative to
lefine certain days as holy time,
>nd to declare certain work por
ormed on those days as being
vron;,," declared Elmer Henry
\dams, minister of the Seventh Day
Vdventist Church.
PALO ALTO, Oct. 27. (/P)-_"RC
igion alone has the prerogative to
lefine certain days as holy time,
>nd to declare certain work por
ormed on those days as being
vron;,," declared Elmer Henry
\dams, minister of the Seventh Day
Vdventist Church.
PALO ALTO, Oct. 27. (/P)-_"RC
igion alone has the prerogative to
lefine certain days as holy time,
>nd to declare certain work por
ormed on those days as being
vron;,," declared Elmer Henry
\dams, minister of the Seventh Day
Vdventist Church.
PALO ALTO, Oct. 27. (/P)-_"RC
igion alone has the prerogative to
lefine certain days as holy time,
>nd to declare certain work por
ormed on those days as being
vron;,," declared Elmer Henry
\dams, minister of the Seventh Day
Vdventist Church.
PALO ALTO, Oct. 27. (/P)-_"RC
igion alone has the prerogative to
lefine certain days as holy time,
>nd to declare certain work por
ormed on those days as being
vron;,," declared Elmer Henry
\dams, minister of the Seventh Day
Vdventist Church.
PALO ALTO, Oct. 27. (/P)-_"RC
igion alone has the prerogative to
lefine certain days as holy time,
>nd to declare certain work por
ormed on those days as being
vron;,," declared Elmer Henry
\dams, minister of the Seventh Day
Vdventist Church.
PALO ALTO, Oct. 27. (/P)-_"RC
igion alone has the prerogative to
lefine certain days as holy time,
>nd to declare certain work por
ormed on those days as being
vron;,," declared Elmer Henry
\dams, minister of the Seventh Day
Vdventist Church.
PALO ALTO, Oct. 27. (/P)-_"RC
igion alone has the prerogative to
lefine certain days as holy time,
>nd to declare certain work por
ormed on those days as being
vron;,," declared Elmer Henry
\dams, minister of the Seventh Day
Vdventist Church.
PALO ALTO, Oct. 27. (/P)-_"RC
igion alone has the prerogative to
lefine certain days as holy time,
>nd to declare certain work por
ormed on those days as being
vron;,," declared Elmer Henry
\dams, minister of the Seventh Day
Vdventist Church.
