# Chinese Club Entertains Night Of California Game
## 
### 
The Big Game is a long way off but
the local Chinese Club is already ar
ranging to entertain Chinese students
from the University of California on
the night of the event. This is an an
nual affair and has been observed
every year since the organization of
the local group.
Officers of the club for this quar
ter are, Y. C. Chow, president; Beyne
Ho, English secretary; Y. L. Chang,
Chinese secretary; T. I. Ho, treas
urer; and T. K. Pan, athletic man
ager. The club observed the eight
eenth anniversary of the Chinese re
public last week.
The Big Game is a long way off but
the local Chinese Club is already ar
ranging to entertain Chinese students
from the University of California on
the night of the event. This is an an
nual affair and has been observed
every year since the organization of
the local group.
Officers of the club for this quar
ter are, Y. C. Chow, president; Beyne
Ho, English secretary; Y. L. Chang,
Chinese secretary; T. I. Ho, treas
urer; and T. K. Pan, athletic man
ager. The club observed the eight
eenth anniversary of the Chinese re
public last week.
The Big Game is a long way off but
the local Chinese Club is already ar
ranging to entertain Chinese students
from the University of California on
the night of the event. This is an an
nual affair and has been observed
every year since the organization of
the local group.
Officers of the club for this quar
ter are, Y. C. Chow, president; Beyne
Ho, English secretary; Y. L. Chang,
Chinese secretary; T. I. Ho, treas
urer; and T. K. Pan, athletic man
ager. The club observed the eight
eenth anniversary of the Chinese re
public last week.
The Big Game is a long way off but
the local Chinese Club is already ar
ranging to entertain Chinese students
from the University of California on
the night of the event. This is an an
nual affair and has been observed
every year since the organization of
the local group.
Officers of the club for this quar
ter are, Y. C. Chow, president; Beyne
Ho, English secretary; Y. L. Chang,
Chinese secretary; T. I. Ho, treas
urer; and T. K. Pan, athletic man
ager. The club observed the eight
eenth anniversary of the Chinese re
public last week.
The Big Game is a long way off but
the local Chinese Club is already ar
ranging to entertain Chinese students
from the University of California on
the night of the event. This is an an
nual affair and has been observed
every year since the organization of
the local group.
Officers of the club for this quar
ter are, Y. C. Chow, president; Beyne
Ho, English secretary; Y. L. Chang,
Chinese secretary; T. I. Ho, treas
urer; and T. K. Pan, athletic man
ager. The club observed the eight
eenth anniversary of the Chinese re
public last week.
The Big Game is a long way off but
the local Chinese Club is already ar
ranging to entertain Chinese students
from the University of California on
the night of the event. This is an an
nual affair and has been observed
every year since the organization of
the local group.
Officers of the club for this quar
ter are, Y. C. Chow, president; Beyne
Ho, English secretary; Y. L. Chang,
Chinese secretary; T. I. Ho, treas
urer; and T. K. Pan, athletic man
ager. The club observed the eight
eenth anniversary of the Chinese re
public last week.
The Big Game is a long way off but
the local Chinese Club is already ar
ranging to entertain Chinese students
from the University of California on
the night of the event. This is an an
nual affair and has been observed
every year since the organization of
the local group.
Officers of the club for this quar
ter are, Y. C. Chow, president; Beyne
Ho, English secretary; Y. L. Chang,
Chinese secretary; T. I. Ho, treas
urer; and T. K. Pan, athletic man
ager. The club observed the eight
eenth anniversary of the Chinese re
public last week.
The Big Game is a long way off but
the local Chinese Club is already ar
ranging to entertain Chinese students
from the University of California on
the night of the event. This is an an
nual affair and has been observed
every year since the organization of
the local group.
Officers of the club for this quar
ter are, Y. C. Chow, president; Beyne
Ho, English secretary; Y. L. Chang,
Chinese secretary; T. I. Ho, treas
urer; and T. K. Pan, athletic man
ager. The club observed the eight
eenth anniversary of the Chinese re
public last week.
The Big Game is a long way off but
the local Chinese Club is already ar
ranging to entertain Chinese students
from the University of California on
the night of the event. This is an an
nual affair and has been observed
every year since the organization of
the local group.
Officers of the club for this quar
ter are, Y. C. Chow, president; Beyne
Ho, English secretary; Y. L. Chang,
Chinese secretary; T. I. Ho, treas
urer; and T. K. Pan, athletic man
ager. The club observed the eight
eenth anniversary of the Chinese re
public last week.
The Big Game is a long way off but
the local Chinese Club is already ar
ranging to entertain Chinese students
from the University of California on
the night of the event. This is an an
nual affair and has been observed
every year since the organization of
the local group.
Officers of the club for this quar
ter are, Y. C. Chow, president; Beyne
Ho, English secretary; Y. L. Chang,
Chinese secretary; T. I. Ho, treas
urer; and T. K. Pan, athletic man
ager. The club observed the eight
eenth anniversary of the Chinese re
public last week.
The Big Game is a long way off but
the local Chinese Club is already ar
ranging to entertain Chinese students
from the University of California on
the night of the event. This is an an
nual affair and has been observed
every year since the organization of
the local group.
Officers of the club for this quar
ter are, Y. C. Chow, president; Beyne
Ho, English secretary; Y. L. Chang,
Chinese secretary; T. I. Ho, treas
urer; and T. K. Pan, athletic man
ager. The club observed the eight
eenth anniversary of the Chinese re
public last week.
The Big Game is a long way off but
the local Chinese Club is already ar
ranging to entertain Chinese students
from the University of California on
the night of the event. This is an an
nual affair and has been observed
every year since the organization of
the local group.
Officers of the club for this quar
ter are, Y. C. Chow, president; Beyne
Ho, English secretary; Y. L. Chang,
Chinese secretary; T. I. Ho, treas
urer; and T. K. Pan, athletic man
ager. The club observed the eight
eenth anniversary of the Chinese re
public last week.
The Big Game is a long way off but
the local Chinese Club is already ar
ranging to entertain Chinese students
from the University of California on
the night of the event. This is an an
nual affair and has been observed
every year since the organization of
the local group.
Officers of the club for this quar
ter are, Y. C. Chow, president; Beyne
Ho, English secretary; Y. L. Chang,
Chinese secretary; T. I. Ho, treas
urer; and T. K. Pan, athletic man
ager. The club observed the eight
eenth anniversary of the Chinese re
public last week.
The Big Game is a long way off but
the local Chinese Club is already ar
ranging to entertain Chinese students
from the University of California on
the night of the event. This is an an
nual affair and has been observed
every year since the organization of
the local group.
Officers of the club for this quar
ter are, Y. C. Chow, president; Beyne
Ho, English secretary; Y. L. Chang,
Chinese secretary; T. I. Ho, treas
urer; and T. K. Pan, athletic man
ager. The club observed the eight
eenth anniversary of the Chinese re
public last week.
The Big Game is a long way off but
the local Chinese Club is already ar
ranging to entertain Chinese students
from the University of California on
the night of the event. This is an an
nual affair and has been observed
every year since the organization of
the local group.
Officers of the club for this quar
ter are, Y. C. Chow, president; Beyne
Ho, English secretary; Y. L. Chang,
Chinese secretary; T. I. Ho, treas
urer; and T. K. Pan, athletic man
ager. The club observed the eight
eenth anniversary of the Chinese re
public last week.
The Big Game is a long way off but
the local Chinese Club is already ar
ranging to entertain Chinese students
from the University of California on
the night of the event. This is an an
nual affair and has been observed
every year since the organization of
the local group.
Officers of the club for this quar
ter are, Y. C. Chow, president; Beyne
Ho, English secretary; Y. L. Chang,
Chinese secretary; T. I. Ho, treas
urer; and T. K. Pan, athletic man
ager. The club observed the eight
eenth anniversary of the Chinese re
public last week.
The Big Game is a long way off but
the local Chinese Club is already ar
ranging to entertain Chinese students
from the University of California on
the night of the event. This is an an
nual affair and has been observed
every year since the organization of
the local group.
Officers of the club for this quar
ter are, Y. C. Chow, president; Beyne
Ho, English secretary; Y. L. Chang,
Chinese secretary; T. I. Ho, treas
urer; and T. K. Pan, athletic man
ager. The club observed the eight
eenth anniversary of the Chinese re
public last week.
