# Branner Dance Program Distribution Begins Today
## 
### 
Programs for the Branner Gridiron
Informal, to be held "the night before
the Trojan game," will be distributed
to ticket-holders at Room 305 Branner
this afternoon between four and five,
tonight between 10:30 and 11:30, and
all day tomorrow. Programs are at
tractively made up in the shape and
color of footballs.
With colors of Stanford and U.S.C.
emblazoning the walls, punch to be
served from football buckets, a huge
pigskin hanging from the center of
the ceiling, referees' whistles an
nouncing the start of each dance, and
the timekeeper's gun on hand to an
nounce the end of each half, every
thing possible is being done to supply
football atmosphere for the dance
Friday night.
Only a very few bids remain avail
able for the dance, according to Leon
ard Bartlett, club president. The kick
off is scheduled for 9:30 p.m. and the
final gun will be fired at one.
