# Band Plans New Spelling Stunts For U.S.C. Game
## 
### 
Stunts new to the Pacific Coast will
be presented by the Stanford band
for the first time at the U.S.C. game
Saturday. The actual nature of the
idea was not divulged, but it wag in
timated that something original in
word spelling would be produced in
honor of the Cardinal-Trojan battle.
Dr. Ernest Whitney Martin, director
of the band, received the ideas for
the stunts while visiting eastern col
leges last summer.
Stunts new to the Pacific Coast will
be presented by the Stanford band
for the first time at the U.S.C. game
Saturday. The actual nature of the
idea was not divulged, but it wag in
timated that something original in
word spelling would be produced in
honor of the Cardinal-Trojan battle.
Dr. Ernest Whitney Martin, director
of the band, received the ideas for
the stunts while visiting eastern col
leges last summer.
Stunts new to the Pacific Coast will
be presented by the Stanford band
for the first time at the U.S.C. game
Saturday. The actual nature of the
idea was not divulged, but it wag in
timated that something original in
word spelling would be produced in
honor of the Cardinal-Trojan battle.
Dr. Ernest Whitney Martin, director
of the band, received the ideas for
the stunts while visiting eastern col
leges last summer.
Stunts new to the Pacific Coast will
be presented by the Stanford band
for the first time at the U.S.C. game
Saturday. The actual nature of the
idea was not divulged, but it wag in
timated that something original in
word spelling would be produced in
honor of the Cardinal-Trojan battle.
Dr. Ernest Whitney Martin, director
of the band, received the ideas for
the stunts while visiting eastern col
leges last summer.
Stunts new to the Pacific Coast will
be presented by the Stanford band
for the first time at the U.S.C. game
Saturday. The actual nature of the
idea was not divulged, but it wag in
timated that something original in
word spelling would be produced in
honor of the Cardinal-Trojan battle.
Dr. Ernest Whitney Martin, director
of the band, received the ideas for
the stunts while visiting eastern col
leges last summer.
Stunts new to the Pacific Coast will
be presented by the Stanford band
for the first time at the U.S.C. game
Saturday. The actual nature of the
idea was not divulged, but it wag in
timated that something original in
word spelling would be produced in
honor of the Cardinal-Trojan battle.
Dr. Ernest Whitney Martin, director
of the band, received the ideas for
the stunts while visiting eastern col
leges last summer.
Stunts new to the Pacific Coast will
be presented by the Stanford band
for the first time at the U.S.C. game
Saturday. The actual nature of the
idea was not divulged, but it wag in
timated that something original in
word spelling would be produced in
honor of the Cardinal-Trojan battle.
Dr. Ernest Whitney Martin, director
of the band, received the ideas for
the stunts while visiting eastern col
leges last summer.
Stunts new to the Pacific Coast will
be presented by the Stanford band
for the first time at the U.S.C. game
Saturday. The actual nature of the
idea was not divulged, but it wag in
timated that something original in
word spelling would be produced in
honor of the Cardinal-Trojan battle.
Dr. Ernest Whitney Martin, director
of the band, received the ideas for
the stunts while visiting eastern col
leges last summer.
Stunts new to the Pacific Coast will
be presented by the Stanford band
for the first time at the U.S.C. game
Saturday. The actual nature of the
idea was not divulged, but it wag in
timated that something original in
word spelling would be produced in
honor of the Cardinal-Trojan battle.
Dr. Ernest Whitney Martin, director
of the band, received the ideas for
the stunts while visiting eastern col
leges last summer.
Stunts new to the Pacific Coast will
be presented by the Stanford band
for the first time at the U.S.C. game
Saturday. The actual nature of the
idea was not divulged, but it wag in
timated that something original in
word spelling would be produced in
honor of the Cardinal-Trojan battle.
Dr. Ernest Whitney Martin, director
of the band, received the ideas for
the stunts while visiting eastern col
leges last summer.
Stunts new to the Pacific Coast will
be presented by the Stanford band
for the first time at the U.S.C. game
Saturday. The actual nature of the
idea was not divulged, but it wag in
timated that something original in
word spelling would be produced in
honor of the Cardinal-Trojan battle.
Dr. Ernest Whitney Martin, director
of the band, received the ideas for
the stunts while visiting eastern col
leges last summer.
Stunts new to the Pacific Coast will
be presented by the Stanford band
for the first time at the U.S.C. game
Saturday. The actual nature of the
idea was not divulged, but it wag in
timated that something original in
word spelling would be produced in
honor of the Cardinal-Trojan battle.
Dr. Ernest Whitney Martin, director
of the band, received the ideas for
the stunts while visiting eastern col
leges last summer.
Stunts new to the Pacific Coast will
be presented by the Stanford band
for the first time at the U.S.C. game
Saturday. The actual nature of the
idea was not divulged, but it wag in
timated that something original in
word spelling would be produced in
honor of the Cardinal-Trojan battle.
Dr. Ernest Whitney Martin, director
of the band, received the ideas for
the stunts while visiting eastern col
leges last summer.
Stunts new to the Pacific Coast will
be presented by the Stanford band
for the first time at the U.S.C. game
Saturday. The actual nature of the
idea was not divulged, but it wag in
timated that something original in
word spelling would be produced in
honor of the Cardinal-Trojan battle.
Dr. Ernest Whitney Martin, director
of the band, received the ideas for
the stunts while visiting eastern col
leges last summer.
Stunts new to the Pacific Coast will
be presented by the Stanford band
for the first time at the U.S.C. game
Saturday. The actual nature of the
idea was not divulged, but it wag in
timated that something original in
word spelling would be produced in
honor of the Cardinal-Trojan battle.
Dr. Ernest Whitney Martin, director
of the band, received the ideas for
the stunts while visiting eastern col
leges last summer.
Stunts new to the Pacific Coast will
be presented by the Stanford band
for the first time at the U.S.C. game
Saturday. The actual nature of the
idea was not divulged, but it wag in
timated that something original in
word spelling would be produced in
honor of the Cardinal-Trojan battle.
Dr. Ernest Whitney Martin, director
of the band, received the ideas for
the stunts while visiting eastern col
leges last summer.
Stunts new to the Pacific Coast will
be presented by the Stanford band
for the first time at the U.S.C. game
Saturday. The actual nature of the
idea was not divulged, but it wag in
timated that something original in
word spelling would be produced in
honor of the Cardinal-Trojan battle.
Dr. Ernest Whitney Martin, director
of the band, received the ideas for
the stunts while visiting eastern col
leges last summer.
