# NATIONAL LEADERS
## 
### 
NEW YORK, Oct. 24. (£>)—The
national list of unbeaten and un
tied college football teams has
dwindled to thirty-odd with the
rampaging Bears of Baylor show
ing the way to all the rest.
Records of the 5 high scoring
undefeated and untied teams fol
low:
Points Points
Won For Against
Baylor 5 213 20
Stanford 5 181 14
Davis and Elkins..s 131 19
Dartmouth 4 222 0
So. California 4 209 7
NEW YORK, Oct. 24. (£>)—The
national list of unbeaten and un
tied college football teams has
dwindled to thirty-odd with the
rampaging Bears of Baylor show
ing the way to all the rest.
Records of the 5 high scoring
undefeated and untied teams fol
low:
Points Points
Won For Against
Baylor 5 213 20
Stanford 5 181 14
Davis and Elkins..s 131 19
Dartmouth 4 222 0
So. California 4 209 7
NEW YORK, Oct. 24. (£>)—The
national list of unbeaten and un
tied college football teams has
dwindled to thirty-odd with the
rampaging Bears of Baylor show
ing the way to all the rest.
Records of the 5 high scoring
undefeated and untied teams fol
low:
Points Points
Won For Against
Baylor 5 213 20
Stanford 5 181 14
Davis and Elkins..s 131 19
Dartmouth 4 222 0
So. California 4 209 7
NEW YORK, Oct. 24. (£>)—The
national list of unbeaten and un
tied college football teams has
dwindled to thirty-odd with the
rampaging Bears of Baylor show
ing the way to all the rest.
Records of the 5 high scoring
undefeated and untied teams fol
low:
Points Points
Won For Against
Baylor 5 213 20
Stanford 5 181 14
Davis and Elkins..s 131 19
Dartmouth 4 222 0
So. California 4 209 7
NEW YORK, Oct. 24. (£>)—The
national list of unbeaten and un
tied college football teams has
dwindled to thirty-odd with the
rampaging Bears of Baylor show
ing the way to all the rest.
Records of the 5 high scoring
undefeated and untied teams fol
low:
Points Points
Won For Against
Baylor 5 213 20
Stanford 5 181 14
Davis and Elkins..s 131 19
Dartmouth 4 222 0
So. California 4 209 7
NEW YORK, Oct. 24. (£>)—The
national list of unbeaten and un
tied college football teams has
dwindled to thirty-odd with the
rampaging Bears of Baylor show
ing the way to all the rest.
Records of the 5 high scoring
undefeated and untied teams fol
low:
Points Points
Won For Against
Baylor 5 213 20
Stanford 5 181 14
Davis and Elkins..s 131 19
Dartmouth 4 222 0
So. California 4 209 7
NEW YORK, Oct. 24. (£>)—The
national list of unbeaten and un
tied college football teams has
dwindled to thirty-odd with the
rampaging Bears of Baylor show
ing the way to all the rest.
Records of the 5 high scoring
undefeated and untied teams fol
low:
Points Points
Won For Against
Baylor 5 213 20
Stanford 5 181 14
Davis and Elkins..s 131 19
Dartmouth 4 222 0
So. California 4 209 7
NEW YORK, Oct. 24. (£>)—The
national list of unbeaten and un
tied college football teams has
dwindled to thirty-odd with the
rampaging Bears of Baylor show
ing the way to all the rest.
Records of the 5 high scoring
undefeated and untied teams fol
low:
Points Points
Won For Against
Baylor 5 213 20
Stanford 5 181 14
Davis and Elkins..s 131 19
Dartmouth 4 222 0
So. California 4 209 7
NEW YORK, Oct. 24. (£>)—The
national list of unbeaten and un
tied college football teams has
dwindled to thirty-odd with the
rampaging Bears of Baylor show
ing the way to all the rest.
Records of the 5 high scoring
undefeated and untied teams fol
low:
Points Points
Won For Against
Baylor 5 213 20
Stanford 5 181 14
Davis and Elkins..s 131 19
Dartmouth 4 222 0
So. California 4 209 7
NEW YORK, Oct. 24. (£>)—The
national list of unbeaten and un
tied college football teams has
dwindled to thirty-odd with the
rampaging Bears of Baylor show
ing the way to all the rest.
Records of the 5 high scoring
undefeated and untied teams fol
low:
Points Points
Won For Against
Baylor 5 213 20
Stanford 5 181 14
Davis and Elkins..s 131 19
Dartmouth 4 222 0
So. California 4 209 7
NEW YORK, Oct. 24. (£>)—The
national list of unbeaten and un
tied college football teams has
dwindled to thirty-odd with the
rampaging Bears of Baylor show
ing the way to all the rest.
Records of the 5 high scoring
undefeated and untied teams fol
low:
Points Points
Won For Against
Baylor 5 213 20
Stanford 5 181 14
Davis and Elkins..s 131 19
Dartmouth 4 222 0
So. California 4 209 7
NEW YORK, Oct. 24. (£>)—The
national list of unbeaten and un
tied college football teams has
dwindled to thirty-odd with the
rampaging Bears of Baylor show
ing the way to all the rest.
Records of the 5 high scoring
undefeated and untied teams fol
low:
Points Points
Won For Against
Baylor 5 213 20
Stanford 5 181 14
Davis and Elkins..s 131 19
Dartmouth 4 222 0
So. California 4 209 7
NEW YORK, Oct. 24. (£>)—The
national list of unbeaten and un
tied college football teams has
dwindled to thirty-odd with the
rampaging Bears of Baylor show
ing the way to all the rest.
Records of the 5 high scoring
undefeated and untied teams fol
low:
Points Points
Won For Against
Baylor 5 213 20
Stanford 5 181 14
Davis and Elkins..s 131 19
Dartmouth 4 222 0
So. California 4 209 7
NEW YORK, Oct. 24. (£>)—The
national list of unbeaten and un
tied college football teams has
dwindled to thirty-odd with the
rampaging Bears of Baylor show
ing the way to all the rest.
Records of the 5 high scoring
undefeated and untied teams fol
low:
Points Points
Won For Against
Baylor 5 213 20
Stanford 5 181 14
Davis and Elkins..s 131 19
Dartmouth 4 222 0
So. California 4 209 7
NEW YORK, Oct. 24. (£>)—The
national list of unbeaten and un
tied college football teams has
dwindled to thirty-odd with the
rampaging Bears of Baylor show
ing the way to all the rest.
Records of the 5 high scoring
undefeated and untied teams fol
low:
Points Points
Won For Against
Baylor 5 213 20
Stanford 5 181 14
Davis and Elkins..s 131 19
Dartmouth 4 222 0
So. California 4 209 7
NEW YORK, Oct. 24. (£>)—The
national list of unbeaten and un
tied college football teams has
dwindled to thirty-odd with the
rampaging Bears of Baylor show
ing the way to all the rest.
Records of the 5 high scoring
undefeated and untied teams fol
low:
Points Points
Won For Against
Baylor 5 213 20
Stanford 5 181 14
Davis and Elkins..s 131 19
Dartmouth 4 222 0
So. California 4 209 7
NEW YORK, Oct. 24. (£>)—The
national list of unbeaten and un
tied college football teams has
dwindled to thirty-odd with the
rampaging Bears of Baylor show
ing the way to all the rest.
Records of the 5 high scoring
undefeated and untied teams fol
low:
Points Points
Won For Against
Baylor 5 213 20
Stanford 5 181 14
Davis and Elkins..s 131 19
Dartmouth 4 222 0
So. California 4 209 7
