# Novice Boxing Tournament Planned For December 5
## 
### 
Finals in the Novice Boxing Tourna
ment will be held Thursday, Decem
ber 5, in the Pavilion, Myron Schall,
assistant boxing coach, announced
last night. Preliminary bouts in the
tournament will be run off in the box
ing room on Monday and Tuesday,
December 2 and 3, and semi-final and
final encounters will be fought on the
following Thursday.
All students registered in the Uni
versity with the exception of varsity
lettermen, or winners of previous No
vice or All-University tournaments,
are eligible to compete. Competition
will be divided into seven classes:
bantamweight, 119 lbs. or under;
featherweight, 129 or under; light
weight, 139 or under; middleweight,
149 or under; welterweight, 164 or
under; light-heavy, under 175; and
heavyweight of 175 or over.
