# Professors Attend Science Meeting
## 
### 
Several Stanford faculty mem
bers attended the annual meetings
of the western division of the
American Association for the Ad
vancement of Science last week at
Berkeley.
Dr. Felix M. Keesing, professor
of anthropology, served as chair
man oi a symposium organized by
the Pacific Science Board, and Dr.
William W. Greulich, professor of
anatomy, presented a paper. Dr.
Bernard J. Siegel, assistant profes
sor of anthropology, was also pres
ent.
Dr. George S. Myers, of (he Nat
ural History Museum, attended a
meeting of the West Coast Advi
sory Committee of the Pacific Sci
ence Board.
John L. Taylor, lecturer in geog
raphy, spoke Thursday at the
meeting of the Association of Pa
cific Coast Geographers, held in
conjunction with the AAAS meet
ings.
Several Stanford faculty mem
bers attended the annual meetings
of the western division of the
American Association for the Ad
vancement of Science last week at
Berkeley.
Dr. Felix M. Keesing, professor
of anthropology, served as chair
man oi a symposium organized by
the Pacific Science Board, and Dr.
William W. Greulich, professor of
anatomy, presented a paper. Dr.
Bernard J. Siegel, assistant profes
sor of anthropology, was also pres
ent.
Dr. George S. Myers, of (he Nat
ural History Museum, attended a
meeting of the West Coast Advi
sory Committee of the Pacific Sci
ence Board.
John L. Taylor, lecturer in geog
raphy, spoke Thursday at the
meeting of the Association of Pa
cific Coast Geographers, held in
conjunction with the AAAS meet
ings.
Several Stanford faculty mem
bers attended the annual meetings
of the western division of the
American Association for the Ad
vancement of Science last week at
Berkeley.
Dr. Felix M. Keesing, professor
of anthropology, served as chair
man oi a symposium organized by
the Pacific Science Board, and Dr.
William W. Greulich, professor of
anatomy, presented a paper. Dr.
Bernard J. Siegel, assistant profes
sor of anthropology, was also pres
ent.
Dr. George S. Myers, of (he Nat
ural History Museum, attended a
meeting of the West Coast Advi
sory Committee of the Pacific Sci
ence Board.
John L. Taylor, lecturer in geog
raphy, spoke Thursday at the
meeting of the Association of Pa
cific Coast Geographers, held in
conjunction with the AAAS meet
ings.
Several Stanford faculty mem
bers attended the annual meetings
of the western division of the
American Association for the Ad
vancement of Science last week at
Berkeley.
Dr. Felix M. Keesing, professor
of anthropology, served as chair
man oi a symposium organized by
the Pacific Science Board, and Dr.
William W. Greulich, professor of
anatomy, presented a paper. Dr.
Bernard J. Siegel, assistant profes
sor of anthropology, was also pres
ent.
Dr. George S. Myers, of (he Nat
ural History Museum, attended a
meeting of the West Coast Advi
sory Committee of the Pacific Sci
ence Board.
John L. Taylor, lecturer in geog
raphy, spoke Thursday at the
meeting of the Association of Pa
cific Coast Geographers, held in
conjunction with the AAAS meet
ings.
Several Stanford faculty mem
bers attended the annual meetings
of the western division of the
American Association for the Ad
vancement of Science last week at
Berkeley.
Dr. Felix M. Keesing, professor
of anthropology, served as chair
man oi a symposium organized by
the Pacific Science Board, and Dr.
William W. Greulich, professor of
anatomy, presented a paper. Dr.
Bernard J. Siegel, assistant profes
sor of anthropology, was also pres
ent.
Dr. George S. Myers, of (he Nat
ural History Museum, attended a
meeting of the West Coast Advi
sory Committee of the Pacific Sci
ence Board.
John L. Taylor, lecturer in geog
raphy, spoke Thursday at the
meeting of the Association of Pa
cific Coast Geographers, held in
conjunction with the AAAS meet
ings.
Several Stanford faculty mem
bers attended the annual meetings
of the western division of the
American Association for the Ad
vancement of Science last week at
Berkeley.
Dr. Felix M. Keesing, professor
of anthropology, served as chair
man oi a symposium organized by
the Pacific Science Board, and Dr.
William W. Greulich, professor of
anatomy, presented a paper. Dr.
Bernard J. Siegel, assistant profes
sor of anthropology, was also pres
ent.
Dr. George S. Myers, of (he Nat
ural History Museum, attended a
meeting of the West Coast Advi
sory Committee of the Pacific Sci
ence Board.
John L. Taylor, lecturer in geog
raphy, spoke Thursday at the
meeting of the Association of Pa
cific Coast Geographers, held in
conjunction with the AAAS meet
ings.
Several Stanford faculty mem
bers attended the annual meetings
of the western division of the
American Association for the Ad
vancement of Science last week at
Berkeley.
Dr. Felix M. Keesing, professor
of anthropology, served as chair
man oi a symposium organized by
the Pacific Science Board, and Dr.
William W. Greulich, professor of
anatomy, presented a paper. Dr.
Bernard J. Siegel, assistant profes
sor of anthropology, was also pres
ent.
Dr. George S. Myers, of (he Nat
ural History Museum, attended a
meeting of the West Coast Advi
sory Committee of the Pacific Sci
ence Board.
John L. Taylor, lecturer in geog
raphy, spoke Thursday at the
meeting of the Association of Pa
cific Coast Geographers, held in
conjunction with the AAAS meet
ings.
Several Stanford faculty mem
bers attended the annual meetings
of the western division of the
American Association for the Ad
vancement of Science last week at
Berkeley.
Dr. Felix M. Keesing, professor
of anthropology, served as chair
man oi a symposium organized by
the Pacific Science Board, and Dr.
William W. Greulich, professor of
anatomy, presented a paper. Dr.
Bernard J. Siegel, assistant profes
sor of anthropology, was also pres
ent.
Dr. George S. Myers, of (he Nat
ural History Museum, attended a
meeting of the West Coast Advi
sory Committee of the Pacific Sci
ence Board.
John L. Taylor, lecturer in geog
raphy, spoke Thursday at the
meeting of the Association of Pa
cific Coast Geographers, held in
conjunction with the AAAS meet
ings.
Several Stanford faculty mem
bers attended the annual meetings
of the western division of the
American Association for the Ad
vancement of Science last week at
Berkeley.
Dr. Felix M. Keesing, professor
of anthropology, served as chair
man oi a symposium organized by
the Pacific Science Board, and Dr.
William W. Greulich, professor of
anatomy, presented a paper. Dr.
Bernard J. Siegel, assistant profes
sor of anthropology, was also pres
ent.
Dr. George S. Myers, of (he Nat
ural History Museum, attended a
meeting of the West Coast Advi
sory Committee of the Pacific Sci
ence Board.
John L. Taylor, lecturer in geog
raphy, spoke Thursday at the
meeting of the Association of Pa
cific Coast Geographers, held in
conjunction with the AAAS meet
ings.
Several Stanford faculty mem
bers attended the annual meetings
of the western division of the
American Association for the Ad
vancement of Science last week at
Berkeley.
Dr. Felix M. Keesing, professor
of anthropology, served as chair
man oi a symposium organized by
the Pacific Science Board, and Dr.
William W. Greulich, professor of
anatomy, presented a paper. Dr.
Bernard J. Siegel, assistant profes
sor of anthropology, was also pres
ent.
Dr. George S. Myers, of (he Nat
ural History Museum, attended a
meeting of the West Coast Advi
sory Committee of the Pacific Sci
ence Board.
John L. Taylor, lecturer in geog
raphy, spoke Thursday at the
meeting of the Association of Pa
cific Coast Geographers, held in
conjunction with the AAAS meet
ings.
Several Stanford faculty mem
bers attended the annual meetings
of the western division of the
American Association for the Ad
vancement of Science last week at
Berkeley.
Dr. Felix M. Keesing, professor
of anthropology, served as chair
man oi a symposium organized by
the Pacific Science Board, and Dr.
William W. Greulich, professor of
anatomy, presented a paper. Dr.
Bernard J. Siegel, assistant profes
sor of anthropology, was also pres
ent.
Dr. George S. Myers, of (he Nat
ural History Museum, attended a
meeting of the West Coast Advi
sory Committee of the Pacific Sci
ence Board.
John L. Taylor, lecturer in geog
raphy, spoke Thursday at the
meeting of the Association of Pa
cific Coast Geographers, held in
conjunction with the AAAS meet
ings.
Several Stanford faculty mem
bers attended the annual meetings
of the western division of the
American Association for the Ad
vancement of Science last week at
Berkeley.
Dr. Felix M. Keesing, professor
of anthropology, served as chair
man oi a symposium organized by
the Pacific Science Board, and Dr.
William W. Greulich, professor of
anatomy, presented a paper. Dr.
Bernard J. Siegel, assistant profes
sor of anthropology, was also pres
ent.
Dr. George S. Myers, of (he Nat
ural History Museum, attended a
meeting of the West Coast Advi
sory Committee of the Pacific Sci
ence Board.
John L. Taylor, lecturer in geog
raphy, spoke Thursday at the
meeting of the Association of Pa
cific Coast Geographers, held in
conjunction with the AAAS meet
ings.
Several Stanford faculty mem
bers attended the annual meetings
of the western division of the
American Association for the Ad
vancement of Science last week at
Berkeley.
Dr. Felix M. Keesing, professor
of anthropology, served as chair
man oi a symposium organized by
the Pacific Science Board, and Dr.
William W. Greulich, professor of
anatomy, presented a paper. Dr.
Bernard J. Siegel, assistant profes
sor of anthropology, was also pres
ent.
Dr. George S. Myers, of (he Nat
ural History Museum, attended a
meeting of the West Coast Advi
sory Committee of the Pacific Sci
ence Board.
John L. Taylor, lecturer in geog
raphy, spoke Thursday at the
meeting of the Association of Pa
cific Coast Geographers, held in
conjunction with the AAAS meet
ings.
Several Stanford faculty mem
bers attended the annual meetings
of the western division of the
American Association for the Ad
vancement of Science last week at
Berkeley.
Dr. Felix M. Keesing, professor
of anthropology, served as chair
man oi a symposium organized by
the Pacific Science Board, and Dr.
William W. Greulich, professor of
anatomy, presented a paper. Dr.
Bernard J. Siegel, assistant profes
sor of anthropology, was also pres
ent.
Dr. George S. Myers, of (he Nat
ural History Museum, attended a
meeting of the West Coast Advi
sory Committee of the Pacific Sci
ence Board.
John L. Taylor, lecturer in geog
raphy, spoke Thursday at the
meeting of the Association of Pa
cific Coast Geographers, held in
conjunction with the AAAS meet
ings.
Several Stanford faculty mem
bers attended the annual meetings
of the western division of the
American Association for the Ad
vancement of Science last week at
Berkeley.
Dr. Felix M. Keesing, professor
of anthropology, served as chair
man oi a symposium organized by
the Pacific Science Board, and Dr.
William W. Greulich, professor of
anatomy, presented a paper. Dr.
Bernard J. Siegel, assistant profes
sor of anthropology, was also pres
ent.
Dr. George S. Myers, of (he Nat
ural History Museum, attended a
meeting of the West Coast Advi
sory Committee of the Pacific Sci
ence Board.
John L. Taylor, lecturer in geog
raphy, spoke Thursday at the
meeting of the Association of Pa
cific Coast Geographers, held in
conjunction with the AAAS meet
ings.
