# 900 BANDAGES ROLLED
## 
### 
Twenty workers. 10 of whom were
students, rolled 900 bandages at the
Red Cross surgical dressing room
yesterday.
Twenty workers. 10 of whom were
students, rolled 900 bandages at the
Red Cross surgical dressing room
yesterday.
Twenty workers. 10 of whom were
students, rolled 900 bandages at the
Red Cross surgical dressing room
yesterday.
Twenty workers. 10 of whom were
students, rolled 900 bandages at the
Red Cross surgical dressing room
yesterday.
Twenty workers. 10 of whom were
students, rolled 900 bandages at the
Red Cross surgical dressing room
yesterday.
Twenty workers. 10 of whom were
students, rolled 900 bandages at the
Red Cross surgical dressing room
yesterday.
Twenty workers. 10 of whom were
students, rolled 900 bandages at the
Red Cross surgical dressing room
yesterday.
Twenty workers. 10 of whom were
students, rolled 900 bandages at the
Red Cross surgical dressing room
yesterday.
Twenty workers. 10 of whom were
students, rolled 900 bandages at the
Red Cross surgical dressing room
yesterday.
Twenty workers. 10 of whom were
students, rolled 900 bandages at the
Red Cross surgical dressing room
yesterday.
Twenty workers. 10 of whom were
students, rolled 900 bandages at the
Red Cross surgical dressing room
yesterday.
Twenty workers. 10 of whom were
students, rolled 900 bandages at the
Red Cross surgical dressing room
yesterday.
Twenty workers. 10 of whom were
students, rolled 900 bandages at the
Red Cross surgical dressing room
yesterday.
Twenty workers. 10 of whom were
students, rolled 900 bandages at the
Red Cross surgical dressing room
yesterday.
Twenty workers. 10 of whom were
students, rolled 900 bandages at the
Red Cross surgical dressing room
yesterday.
Twenty workers. 10 of whom were
students, rolled 900 bandages at the
Red Cross surgical dressing room
yesterday.
Twenty workers. 10 of whom were
students, rolled 900 bandages at the
Red Cross surgical dressing room
yesterday.
