# Margaret Webster Speaks To Tuesday Evening Series
## 
### 
Margaret We b s t e r , actress, |
Shakespearean director, will pre
sent "His Infinite Variety," an 1
anthology of dramatic readings
from Shakespeare, as part of the
Tuesday Evening Series tonight \
at 7:43 p.m. in Dinkelspiel Audi- ;
torium.
Miss Webster, a u th or of
"Shakespeare Without Tears."
has directed many Shakespearean j
plays recently presenting "The I

Merchant of Venice" at Strath
ford-on-Avon and "Measure for
Measure" at the Old Vic. She is
co-founder of the American Rep
ertory Theater and was the first
woman to stage opera at the
Metropolitan Opera House. In
19(il she directed O'Neill's "A
Touch of the Poet" on a State
Department-sponsored tour which
performed before multi-racial
audiences in South Africa.
Margaret We b s t e r , actress, |
Shakespearean director, will pre
sent "His Infinite Variety," an 1
anthology of dramatic readings
from Shakespeare, as part of the
Tuesday Evening Series tonight \
at 7:43 p.m. in Dinkelspiel Audi- ;
torium.
Miss Webster, a u th or of
"Shakespeare Without Tears."
has directed many Shakespearean j
plays recently presenting "The I

Merchant of Venice" at Strath
ford-on-Avon and "Measure for
Measure" at the Old Vic. She is
co-founder of the American Rep
ertory Theater and was the first
woman to stage opera at the
Metropolitan Opera House. In
19(il she directed O'Neill's "A
Touch of the Poet" on a State
Department-sponsored tour which
performed before multi-racial
audiences in South Africa.
Margaret We b s t e r , actress, |
Shakespearean director, will pre
sent "His Infinite Variety," an 1
anthology of dramatic readings
from Shakespeare, as part of the
Tuesday Evening Series tonight \
at 7:43 p.m. in Dinkelspiel Audi- ;
torium.
Miss Webster, a u th or of
"Shakespeare Without Tears."
has directed many Shakespearean j
plays recently presenting "The I

Merchant of Venice" at Strath
ford-on-Avon and "Measure for
Measure" at the Old Vic. She is
co-founder of the American Rep
ertory Theater and was the first
woman to stage opera at the
Metropolitan Opera House. In
19(il she directed O'Neill's "A
Touch of the Poet" on a State
Department-sponsored tour which
performed before multi-racial
audiences in South Africa.
Margaret We b s t e r , actress, |
Shakespearean director, will pre
sent "His Infinite Variety," an 1
anthology of dramatic readings
from Shakespeare, as part of the
Tuesday Evening Series tonight \
at 7:43 p.m. in Dinkelspiel Audi- ;
torium.
Miss Webster, a u th or of
"Shakespeare Without Tears."
has directed many Shakespearean j
plays recently presenting "The I

Merchant of Venice" at Strath
ford-on-Avon and "Measure for
Measure" at the Old Vic. She is
co-founder of the American Rep
ertory Theater and was the first
woman to stage opera at the
Metropolitan Opera House. In
19(il she directed O'Neill's "A
Touch of the Poet" on a State
Department-sponsored tour which
performed before multi-racial
audiences in South Africa.
Margaret We b s t e r , actress, |
Shakespearean director, will pre
sent "His Infinite Variety," an 1
anthology of dramatic readings
from Shakespeare, as part of the
Tuesday Evening Series tonight \
at 7:43 p.m. in Dinkelspiel Audi- ;
torium.
Miss Webster, a u th or of
"Shakespeare Without Tears."
has directed many Shakespearean j
plays recently presenting "The I

Merchant of Venice" at Strath
ford-on-Avon and "Measure for
Measure" at the Old Vic. She is
co-founder of the American Rep
ertory Theater and was the first
woman to stage opera at the
Metropolitan Opera House. In
19(il she directed O'Neill's "A
Touch of the Poet" on a State
Department-sponsored tour which
performed before multi-racial
audiences in South Africa.
Margaret We b s t e r , actress, |
Shakespearean director, will pre
sent "His Infinite Variety," an 1
anthology of dramatic readings
from Shakespeare, as part of the
Tuesday Evening Series tonight \
at 7:43 p.m. in Dinkelspiel Audi- ;
torium.
Miss Webster, a u th or of
"Shakespeare Without Tears."
has directed many Shakespearean j
plays recently presenting "The I

Merchant of Venice" at Strath
ford-on-Avon and "Measure for
Measure" at the Old Vic. She is
co-founder of the American Rep
ertory Theater and was the first
woman to stage opera at the
Metropolitan Opera House. In
19(il she directed O'Neill's "A
Touch of the Poet" on a State
Department-sponsored tour which
performed before multi-racial
audiences in South Africa.
Margaret We b s t e r , actress, |
Shakespearean director, will pre
sent "His Infinite Variety," an 1
anthology of dramatic readings
from Shakespeare, as part of the
Tuesday Evening Series tonight \
at 7:43 p.m. in Dinkelspiel Audi- ;
torium.
Miss Webster, a u th or of
"Shakespeare Without Tears."
has directed many Shakespearean j
plays recently presenting "The I

Merchant of Venice" at Strath
ford-on-Avon and "Measure for
Measure" at the Old Vic. She is
co-founder of the American Rep
ertory Theater and was the first
woman to stage opera at the
Metropolitan Opera House. In
19(il she directed O'Neill's "A
Touch of the Poet" on a State
Department-sponsored tour which
performed before multi-racial
audiences in South Africa.
Margaret We b s t e r , actress, |
Shakespearean director, will pre
sent "His Infinite Variety," an 1
anthology of dramatic readings
from Shakespeare, as part of the
Tuesday Evening Series tonight \
at 7:43 p.m. in Dinkelspiel Audi- ;
torium.
Miss Webster, a u th or of
"Shakespeare Without Tears."
has directed many Shakespearean j
plays recently presenting "The I

Merchant of Venice" at Strath
ford-on-Avon and "Measure for
Measure" at the Old Vic. She is
co-founder of the American Rep
ertory Theater and was the first
woman to stage opera at the
Metropolitan Opera House. In
19(il she directed O'Neill's "A
Touch of the Poet" on a State
Department-sponsored tour which
performed before multi-racial
audiences in South Africa.
Margaret We b s t e r , actress, |
Shakespearean director, will pre
sent "His Infinite Variety," an 1
anthology of dramatic readings
from Shakespeare, as part of the
Tuesday Evening Series tonight \
at 7:43 p.m. in Dinkelspiel Audi- ;
torium.
Miss Webster, a u th or of
"Shakespeare Without Tears."
has directed many Shakespearean j
plays recently presenting "The I

Merchant of Venice" at Strath
ford-on-Avon and "Measure for
Measure" at the Old Vic. She is
co-founder of the American Rep
ertory Theater and was the first
woman to stage opera at the
Metropolitan Opera House. In
19(il she directed O'Neill's "A
Touch of the Poet" on a State
Department-sponsored tour which
performed before multi-racial
audiences in South Africa.
Margaret We b s t e r , actress, |
Shakespearean director, will pre
sent "His Infinite Variety," an 1
anthology of dramatic readings
from Shakespeare, as part of the
Tuesday Evening Series tonight \
at 7:43 p.m. in Dinkelspiel Audi- ;
torium.
Miss Webster, a u th or of
"Shakespeare Without Tears."
has directed many Shakespearean j
plays recently presenting "The I

Merchant of Venice" at Strath
ford-on-Avon and "Measure for
Measure" at the Old Vic. She is
co-founder of the American Rep
ertory Theater and was the first
woman to stage opera at the
Metropolitan Opera House. In
19(il she directed O'Neill's "A
Touch of the Poet" on a State
Department-sponsored tour which
performed before multi-racial
audiences in South Africa.
Margaret We b s t e r , actress, |
Shakespearean director, will pre
sent "His Infinite Variety," an 1
anthology of dramatic readings
from Shakespeare, as part of the
Tuesday Evening Series tonight \
at 7:43 p.m. in Dinkelspiel Audi- ;
torium.
Miss Webster, a u th or of
"Shakespeare Without Tears."
has directed many Shakespearean j
plays recently presenting "The I

Merchant of Venice" at Strath
ford-on-Avon and "Measure for
Measure" at the Old Vic. She is
co-founder of the American Rep
ertory Theater and was the first
woman to stage opera at the
Metropolitan Opera House. In
19(il she directed O'Neill's "A
Touch of the Poet" on a State
Department-sponsored tour which
performed before multi-racial
audiences in South Africa.
Margaret We b s t e r , actress, |
Shakespearean director, will pre
sent "His Infinite Variety," an 1
anthology of dramatic readings
from Shakespeare, as part of the
Tuesday Evening Series tonight \
at 7:43 p.m. in Dinkelspiel Audi- ;
torium.
Miss Webster, a u th or of
"Shakespeare Without Tears."
has directed many Shakespearean j
plays recently presenting "The I

Merchant of Venice" at Strath
ford-on-Avon and "Measure for
Measure" at the Old Vic. She is
co-founder of the American Rep
ertory Theater and was the first
woman to stage opera at the
Metropolitan Opera House. In
19(il she directed O'Neill's "A
Touch of the Poet" on a State
Department-sponsored tour which
performed before multi-racial
audiences in South Africa.
Margaret We b s t e r , actress, |
Shakespearean director, will pre
sent "His Infinite Variety," an 1
anthology of dramatic readings
from Shakespeare, as part of the
Tuesday Evening Series tonight \
at 7:43 p.m. in Dinkelspiel Audi- ;
torium.
Miss Webster, a u th or of
"Shakespeare Without Tears."
has directed many Shakespearean j
plays recently presenting "The I

Merchant of Venice" at Strath
ford-on-Avon and "Measure for
Measure" at the Old Vic. She is
co-founder of the American Rep
ertory Theater and was the first
woman to stage opera at the
Metropolitan Opera House. In
19(il she directed O'Neill's "A
Touch of the Poet" on a State
Department-sponsored tour which
performed before multi-racial
audiences in South Africa.
Margaret We b s t e r , actress, |
Shakespearean director, will pre
sent "His Infinite Variety," an 1
anthology of dramatic readings
from Shakespeare, as part of the
Tuesday Evening Series tonight \
at 7:43 p.m. in Dinkelspiel Audi- ;
torium.
Miss Webster, a u th or of
"Shakespeare Without Tears."
has directed many Shakespearean j
plays recently presenting "The I

Merchant of Venice" at Strath
ford-on-Avon and "Measure for
Measure" at the Old Vic. She is
co-founder of the American Rep
ertory Theater and was the first
woman to stage opera at the
Metropolitan Opera House. In
19(il she directed O'Neill's "A
Touch of the Poet" on a State
Department-sponsored tour which
performed before multi-racial
audiences in South Africa.
Margaret We b s t e r , actress, |
Shakespearean director, will pre
sent "His Infinite Variety," an 1
anthology of dramatic readings
from Shakespeare, as part of the
Tuesday Evening Series tonight \
at 7:43 p.m. in Dinkelspiel Audi- ;
torium.
Miss Webster, a u th or of
"Shakespeare Without Tears."
has directed many Shakespearean j
plays recently presenting "The I

Merchant of Venice" at Strath
ford-on-Avon and "Measure for
Measure" at the Old Vic. She is
co-founder of the American Rep
ertory Theater and was the first
woman to stage opera at the
Metropolitan Opera House. In
19(il she directed O'Neill's "A
Touch of the Poet" on a State
Department-sponsored tour which
performed before multi-racial
audiences in South Africa.
