# Senior Prexy Candidate
## 
### 
The Stanford senior class presi
dent must find some way to bring
warmth and happiness into I lie
hearts of those about to leave the
little green poeket. He must pro
vide activities and identification
for diverse sorts of types. He may
arrange non-alcoholic "Contem
plation Hours and Action Flicks."
He must be open and accountable
to the fraternity spirit since they
are the Largest Coherent Group.
Perhaps he must be a member or
believer in the Stanford Student
Lobby On Watchfulness.


RICH INWOOD
The Stanford senior class presi
dent must find some way to bring
warmth and happiness into I lie
hearts of those about to leave the
little green poeket. He must pro
vide activities and identification
for diverse sorts of types. He may
arrange non-alcoholic "Contem
plation Hours and Action Flicks."
He must be open and accountable
to the fraternity spirit since they
are the Largest Coherent Group.
Perhaps he must be a member or
believer in the Stanford Student
Lobby On Watchfulness.


RICH INWOOD
The Stanford senior class presi
dent must find some way to bring
warmth and happiness into I lie
hearts of those about to leave the
little green poeket. He must pro
vide activities and identification
for diverse sorts of types. He may
arrange non-alcoholic "Contem
plation Hours and Action Flicks."
He must be open and accountable
to the fraternity spirit since they
are the Largest Coherent Group.
Perhaps he must be a member or
believer in the Stanford Student
Lobby On Watchfulness.


RICH INWOOD
The Stanford senior class presi
dent must find some way to bring
warmth and happiness into I lie
hearts of those about to leave the
little green poeket. He must pro
vide activities and identification
for diverse sorts of types. He may
arrange non-alcoholic "Contem
plation Hours and Action Flicks."
He must be open and accountable
to the fraternity spirit since they
are the Largest Coherent Group.
Perhaps he must be a member or
believer in the Stanford Student
Lobby On Watchfulness.


RICH INWOOD
The Stanford senior class presi
dent must find some way to bring
warmth and happiness into I lie
hearts of those about to leave the
little green poeket. He must pro
vide activities and identification
for diverse sorts of types. He may
arrange non-alcoholic "Contem
plation Hours and Action Flicks."
He must be open and accountable
to the fraternity spirit since they
are the Largest Coherent Group.
Perhaps he must be a member or
believer in the Stanford Student
Lobby On Watchfulness.


RICH INWOOD
The Stanford senior class presi
dent must find some way to bring
warmth and happiness into I lie
hearts of those about to leave the
little green poeket. He must pro
vide activities and identification
for diverse sorts of types. He may
arrange non-alcoholic "Contem
plation Hours and Action Flicks."
He must be open and accountable
to the fraternity spirit since they
are the Largest Coherent Group.
Perhaps he must be a member or
believer in the Stanford Student
Lobby On Watchfulness.


RICH INWOOD
The Stanford senior class presi
dent must find some way to bring
warmth and happiness into I lie
hearts of those about to leave the
little green poeket. He must pro
vide activities and identification
for diverse sorts of types. He may
arrange non-alcoholic "Contem
plation Hours and Action Flicks."
He must be open and accountable
to the fraternity spirit since they
are the Largest Coherent Group.
Perhaps he must be a member or
believer in the Stanford Student
Lobby On Watchfulness.


RICH INWOOD
The Stanford senior class presi
dent must find some way to bring
warmth and happiness into I lie
hearts of those about to leave the
little green poeket. He must pro
vide activities and identification
for diverse sorts of types. He may
arrange non-alcoholic "Contem
plation Hours and Action Flicks."
He must be open and accountable
to the fraternity spirit since they
are the Largest Coherent Group.
Perhaps he must be a member or
believer in the Stanford Student
Lobby On Watchfulness.


RICH INWOOD
The Stanford senior class presi
dent must find some way to bring
warmth and happiness into I lie
hearts of those about to leave the
little green poeket. He must pro
vide activities and identification
for diverse sorts of types. He may
arrange non-alcoholic "Contem
plation Hours and Action Flicks."
He must be open and accountable
to the fraternity spirit since they
are the Largest Coherent Group.
Perhaps he must be a member or
believer in the Stanford Student
Lobby On Watchfulness.


RICH INWOOD
The Stanford senior class presi
dent must find some way to bring
warmth and happiness into I lie
hearts of those about to leave the
little green poeket. He must pro
vide activities and identification
for diverse sorts of types. He may
arrange non-alcoholic "Contem
plation Hours and Action Flicks."
He must be open and accountable
to the fraternity spirit since they
are the Largest Coherent Group.
Perhaps he must be a member or
believer in the Stanford Student
Lobby On Watchfulness.


RICH INWOOD
The Stanford senior class presi
dent must find some way to bring
warmth and happiness into I lie
hearts of those about to leave the
little green poeket. He must pro
vide activities and identification
for diverse sorts of types. He may
arrange non-alcoholic "Contem
plation Hours and Action Flicks."
He must be open and accountable
to the fraternity spirit since they
are the Largest Coherent Group.
Perhaps he must be a member or
believer in the Stanford Student
Lobby On Watchfulness.


RICH INWOOD
The Stanford senior class presi
dent must find some way to bring
warmth and happiness into I lie
hearts of those about to leave the
little green poeket. He must pro
vide activities and identification
for diverse sorts of types. He may
arrange non-alcoholic "Contem
plation Hours and Action Flicks."
He must be open and accountable
to the fraternity spirit since they
are the Largest Coherent Group.
Perhaps he must be a member or
believer in the Stanford Student
Lobby On Watchfulness.


RICH INWOOD
The Stanford senior class presi
dent must find some way to bring
warmth and happiness into I lie
hearts of those about to leave the
little green poeket. He must pro
vide activities and identification
for diverse sorts of types. He may
arrange non-alcoholic "Contem
plation Hours and Action Flicks."
He must be open and accountable
to the fraternity spirit since they
are the Largest Coherent Group.
Perhaps he must be a member or
believer in the Stanford Student
Lobby On Watchfulness.


RICH INWOOD
The Stanford senior class presi
dent must find some way to bring
warmth and happiness into I lie
hearts of those about to leave the
little green poeket. He must pro
vide activities and identification
for diverse sorts of types. He may
arrange non-alcoholic "Contem
plation Hours and Action Flicks."
He must be open and accountable
to the fraternity spirit since they
are the Largest Coherent Group.
Perhaps he must be a member or
believer in the Stanford Student
Lobby On Watchfulness.


RICH INWOOD
The Stanford senior class presi
dent must find some way to bring
warmth and happiness into I lie
hearts of those about to leave the
little green poeket. He must pro
vide activities and identification
for diverse sorts of types. He may
arrange non-alcoholic "Contem
plation Hours and Action Flicks."
He must be open and accountable
to the fraternity spirit since they
are the Largest Coherent Group.
Perhaps he must be a member or
believer in the Stanford Student
Lobby On Watchfulness.


RICH INWOOD
