# Stanford Debaters In Joffre Tourney
## 
### 
Seniors Barry Carter and Don
Boileau and Junior Randy Wil-
Jard are participating today in the

annual Joffre Debate against the
University of California at Berke
ley. The debate will be on the
Cal campus and all Speech Asso
ciation members are urged to
make plans to attend. Transporta
tion will be available from Memo
rial Auditorium.
Stanford speakers garnered a
first and a second place in indi
vidual events at the annual Pa
cific Forensic League Debate
Tournament held April 27-29 at
Oregon State University, Corval
lis, Oregon. Senior Boileau won
the individual oratory event with
a speech on civil rights. Fresh
man Fred Poorbough placed sec
ond in after dinner speaking with
a humorous address on the 1961
Republican presidential hopefuls.
In senior division debate Fresh
men Rod Peck and Poorbough
finished in fourth place despite
defeating the second place team
from Oregon State who recently
competed in the national tourna
ment at the U.S. Military Acad
emy, West Point, New York.
The PFL is the oldest speech
league in the West with Oregon.
OSU, Idaho, Washington, Wash
ington State, Nevada, Humbolt
State, Gonzaga, and Stanford
comprising the membership.
