# Student Jailed Following Theft of 2 Microscopes
## 
### 
Charged with grand larceny for theft
of two microscopes and other valuable
university equipment which he admitted
lie had filched from the Bacteriology de
partment, H. A. Terzian, summer stud
ent. graduate of Hahneman Medical Col
lege in San Francisco, was lodged in the
county jail at San Jose Wednesday. The
complaint was sworn to by Granville
Wood, a Bacteriology student whose
suspicion had been drawn to Terzian.
When lie left the Bacteriology depart
ment yesterday carrying a suit case, Ter
zain was stopped by persons in the de
partment, his luggage was opened, and a
microscope found. The culprit medico
then confessed that he had previously
appropriated a microscope, some books
and other apparatus belonging to the
department. He explained naively that
he "intended to use the equipment in his
work." The results of his first haul, he
said, would be found in his room at the
Carlton hotel on Turk street, San Fran
cisco.
Hahneman Medical College, from
which Terzian's credentials show that he
obtained his medical degree, is operated
by the University of California. Ter
zian said that he received his prepar
atory education in Russia. The name
Terzian is Armenian.
