# Dr. Sterling Leaves For N.Y. Meeting
## 
### 
President Wallace Sterling of Stan
ford will leave tomorrow night for
New York to attend a two-day meet
ing of the National Commission on
Financing Higher Education.
President Wallace Sterling of Stan
ford will leave tomorrow night for
New York to attend a two-day meet
ing of the National Commission on
Financing Higher Education.
President Wallace Sterling of Stan
ford will leave tomorrow night for
New York to attend a two-day meet
ing of the National Commission on
Financing Higher Education.
President Wallace Sterling of Stan
ford will leave tomorrow night for
New York to attend a two-day meet
ing of the National Commission on
Financing Higher Education.
President Wallace Sterling of Stan
ford will leave tomorrow night for
New York to attend a two-day meet
ing of the National Commission on
Financing Higher Education.
President Wallace Sterling of Stan
ford will leave tomorrow night for
New York to attend a two-day meet
ing of the National Commission on
Financing Higher Education.
President Wallace Sterling of Stan
ford will leave tomorrow night for
New York to attend a two-day meet
ing of the National Commission on
Financing Higher Education.
President Wallace Sterling of Stan
ford will leave tomorrow night for
New York to attend a two-day meet
ing of the National Commission on
Financing Higher Education.
President Wallace Sterling of Stan
ford will leave tomorrow night for
New York to attend a two-day meet
ing of the National Commission on
Financing Higher Education.
President Wallace Sterling of Stan
ford will leave tomorrow night for
New York to attend a two-day meet
ing of the National Commission on
Financing Higher Education.
President Wallace Sterling of Stan
ford will leave tomorrow night for
New York to attend a two-day meet
ing of the National Commission on
Financing Higher Education.
President Wallace Sterling of Stan
ford will leave tomorrow night for
New York to attend a two-day meet
ing of the National Commission on
Financing Higher Education.
President Wallace Sterling of Stan
ford will leave tomorrow night for
New York to attend a two-day meet
ing of the National Commission on
Financing Higher Education.
President Wallace Sterling of Stan
ford will leave tomorrow night for
New York to attend a two-day meet
ing of the National Commission on
Financing Higher Education.
