# May Storm Leaves 35 Inch of Rain
## 
### 
Wednesday's rain and hail storm
sloshed .35 inch of water down on
the Farm, the Corporation Yard
reported yesterday.
Rainfall now totals 1.'J.47 inches
for the year, as compared with
11.47 at this time last year. With
May only five days old, .57 inch
has already fallen. Total rainfall
last May amounted to only .55
inch.
The heavy rain and bitter hail,
however, did not make any ap
preciable difference in the de
clining Lake Lagunita, Corp Yard
officials said.
Though 1.25 inches of rain fell
Wednesday at Searsville Lake, it
descended intermittently and
soaked into the ground before any
increase in overflow could occur.
The overflow from Searsville, in
the hills behind the campus, feeds
Stanford's Lake Lag.
