# Miss Bentley Will Address Y.W.C.A.
## 
### 
Miss Mary Bentley will he the speak
er at the meeting of the Young
Women's Christian Association 011
Tuesday afternoon. Miss Bentley will
speak on "India." She has been gen
eral secretary of the student associa
tion at Calcutta for five years. She
is now secretary of the Pacific Coast
student field. The meeting will he
held in the Vestry at 4:30.
Miss Mary Bentley will he the speak
er at the meeting of the Young
Women's Christian Association 011
Tuesday afternoon. Miss Bentley will
speak on "India." She has been gen
eral secretary of the student associa
tion at Calcutta for five years. She
is now secretary of the Pacific Coast
student field. The meeting will he
held in the Vestry at 4:30.
Miss Mary Bentley will he the speak
er at the meeting of the Young
Women's Christian Association 011
Tuesday afternoon. Miss Bentley will
speak on "India." She has been gen
eral secretary of the student associa
tion at Calcutta for five years. She
is now secretary of the Pacific Coast
student field. The meeting will he
held in the Vestry at 4:30.
Miss Mary Bentley will he the speak
er at the meeting of the Young
Women's Christian Association 011
Tuesday afternoon. Miss Bentley will
speak on "India." She has been gen
eral secretary of the student associa
tion at Calcutta for five years. She
is now secretary of the Pacific Coast
student field. The meeting will he
held in the Vestry at 4:30.
Miss Mary Bentley will he the speak
er at the meeting of the Young
Women's Christian Association 011
Tuesday afternoon. Miss Bentley will
speak on "India." She has been gen
eral secretary of the student associa
tion at Calcutta for five years. She
is now secretary of the Pacific Coast
student field. The meeting will he
held in the Vestry at 4:30.
Miss Mary Bentley will he the speak
er at the meeting of the Young
Women's Christian Association 011
Tuesday afternoon. Miss Bentley will
speak on "India." She has been gen
eral secretary of the student associa
tion at Calcutta for five years. She
is now secretary of the Pacific Coast
student field. The meeting will he
held in the Vestry at 4:30.
Miss Mary Bentley will he the speak
er at the meeting of the Young
Women's Christian Association 011
Tuesday afternoon. Miss Bentley will
speak on "India." She has been gen
eral secretary of the student associa
tion at Calcutta for five years. She
is now secretary of the Pacific Coast
student field. The meeting will he
held in the Vestry at 4:30.
Miss Mary Bentley will he the speak
er at the meeting of the Young
Women's Christian Association 011
Tuesday afternoon. Miss Bentley will
speak on "India." She has been gen
eral secretary of the student associa
tion at Calcutta for five years. She
is now secretary of the Pacific Coast
student field. The meeting will he
held in the Vestry at 4:30.
Miss Mary Bentley will he the speak
er at the meeting of the Young
Women's Christian Association 011
Tuesday afternoon. Miss Bentley will
speak on "India." She has been gen
eral secretary of the student associa
tion at Calcutta for five years. She
is now secretary of the Pacific Coast
student field. The meeting will he
held in the Vestry at 4:30.
Miss Mary Bentley will he the speak
er at the meeting of the Young
Women's Christian Association 011
Tuesday afternoon. Miss Bentley will
speak on "India." She has been gen
eral secretary of the student associa
tion at Calcutta for five years. She
is now secretary of the Pacific Coast
student field. The meeting will he
held in the Vestry at 4:30.
Miss Mary Bentley will he the speak
er at the meeting of the Young
Women's Christian Association 011
Tuesday afternoon. Miss Bentley will
speak on "India." She has been gen
eral secretary of the student associa
tion at Calcutta for five years. She
is now secretary of the Pacific Coast
student field. The meeting will he
held in the Vestry at 4:30.
Miss Mary Bentley will he the speak
er at the meeting of the Young
Women's Christian Association 011
Tuesday afternoon. Miss Bentley will
speak on "India." She has been gen
eral secretary of the student associa
tion at Calcutta for five years. She
is now secretary of the Pacific Coast
student field. The meeting will he
held in the Vestry at 4:30.
Miss Mary Bentley will he the speak
er at the meeting of the Young
Women's Christian Association 011
Tuesday afternoon. Miss Bentley will
speak on "India." She has been gen
eral secretary of the student associa
tion at Calcutta for five years. She
is now secretary of the Pacific Coast
student field. The meeting will he
held in the Vestry at 4:30.
Miss Mary Bentley will he the speak
er at the meeting of the Young
Women's Christian Association 011
Tuesday afternoon. Miss Bentley will
speak on "India." She has been gen
eral secretary of the student associa
tion at Calcutta for five years. She
is now secretary of the Pacific Coast
student field. The meeting will he
held in the Vestry at 4:30.
