# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Lillian Durham, '50, to
Ed Scoyer, a graduate law student
and member of Theta Chi frater
nity.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Lillian Durham, '50, to
Ed Scoyer, a graduate law student
and member of Theta Chi frater
nity.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Lillian Durham, '50, to
Ed Scoyer, a graduate law student
and member of Theta Chi frater
nity.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Lillian Durham, '50, to
Ed Scoyer, a graduate law student
and member of Theta Chi frater
nity.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Lillian Durham, '50, to
Ed Scoyer, a graduate law student
and member of Theta Chi frater
nity.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Lillian Durham, '50, to
Ed Scoyer, a graduate law student
and member of Theta Chi frater
nity.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Lillian Durham, '50, to
Ed Scoyer, a graduate law student
and member of Theta Chi frater
nity.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Lillian Durham, '50, to
Ed Scoyer, a graduate law student
and member of Theta Chi frater
nity.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Lillian Durham, '50, to
Ed Scoyer, a graduate law student
and member of Theta Chi frater
nity.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Lillian Durham, '50, to
Ed Scoyer, a graduate law student
and member of Theta Chi frater
nity.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Lillian Durham, '50, to
Ed Scoyer, a graduate law student
and member of Theta Chi frater
nity.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Lillian Durham, '50, to
Ed Scoyer, a graduate law student
and member of Theta Chi frater
nity.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Lillian Durham, '50, to
Ed Scoyer, a graduate law student
and member of Theta Chi frater
nity.
Lathrop House announces the en
gagement of Lillian Durham, '50, to
Ed Scoyer, a graduate law student
and member of Theta Chi frater
nity.
