# Fireside at Toyon Scheduled Sunday
## 
### 
Toyon Hall will hold its first win
ter quarter fireside this Sunday eve
ning, it was announced yesterday by
George Engstrom, social chairman of
the hall. The closed affair will be
held from 8:30 to 10:30 in the hall
lounge.
Toyon Hall will hold its first win
ter quarter fireside this Sunday eve
ning, it was announced yesterday by
George Engstrom, social chairman of
the hall. The closed affair will be
held from 8:30 to 10:30 in the hall
lounge.
Toyon Hall will hold its first win
ter quarter fireside this Sunday eve
ning, it was announced yesterday by
George Engstrom, social chairman of
the hall. The closed affair will be
held from 8:30 to 10:30 in the hall
lounge.
Toyon Hall will hold its first win
ter quarter fireside this Sunday eve
ning, it was announced yesterday by
George Engstrom, social chairman of
the hall. The closed affair will be
held from 8:30 to 10:30 in the hall
lounge.
Toyon Hall will hold its first win
ter quarter fireside this Sunday eve
ning, it was announced yesterday by
George Engstrom, social chairman of
the hall. The closed affair will be
held from 8:30 to 10:30 in the hall
lounge.
Toyon Hall will hold its first win
ter quarter fireside this Sunday eve
ning, it was announced yesterday by
George Engstrom, social chairman of
the hall. The closed affair will be
held from 8:30 to 10:30 in the hall
lounge.
Toyon Hall will hold its first win
ter quarter fireside this Sunday eve
ning, it was announced yesterday by
George Engstrom, social chairman of
the hall. The closed affair will be
held from 8:30 to 10:30 in the hall
lounge.
Toyon Hall will hold its first win
ter quarter fireside this Sunday eve
ning, it was announced yesterday by
George Engstrom, social chairman of
the hall. The closed affair will be
held from 8:30 to 10:30 in the hall
lounge.
Toyon Hall will hold its first win
ter quarter fireside this Sunday eve
ning, it was announced yesterday by
George Engstrom, social chairman of
the hall. The closed affair will be
held from 8:30 to 10:30 in the hall
lounge.
Toyon Hall will hold its first win
ter quarter fireside this Sunday eve
ning, it was announced yesterday by
George Engstrom, social chairman of
the hall. The closed affair will be
held from 8:30 to 10:30 in the hall
lounge.
Toyon Hall will hold its first win
ter quarter fireside this Sunday eve
ning, it was announced yesterday by
George Engstrom, social chairman of
the hall. The closed affair will be
held from 8:30 to 10:30 in the hall
lounge.
Toyon Hall will hold its first win
ter quarter fireside this Sunday eve
ning, it was announced yesterday by
George Engstrom, social chairman of
the hall. The closed affair will be
held from 8:30 to 10:30 in the hall
lounge.
Toyon Hall will hold its first win
ter quarter fireside this Sunday eve
ning, it was announced yesterday by
George Engstrom, social chairman of
the hall. The closed affair will be
held from 8:30 to 10:30 in the hall
lounge.
Toyon Hall will hold its first win
ter quarter fireside this Sunday eve
ning, it was announced yesterday by
George Engstrom, social chairman of
the hall. The closed affair will be
held from 8:30 to 10:30 in the hall
lounge.
