# New Librarian Assumes Duties
## 
### 
Carlyle E. Stickler, former refer
ence librarian at California Poly
technic, recently Joined the Stanford
Library staff as documents librarian,
it was announced today by Dr. Ray
nard C. Swank, director ol libraries.
Stickler, a native of Ithaca, New
York, is a graduate ol Cornell Uni
versity and the Columbia School of
Library Service. lie worked at the
Cornell Library before joining the
California Polytechnic staff in July,
1 i'4K.
Dr. Swank also announced that
Melvin Oathout, senior transpor
tation librarian, will leave in Feb
ruary to become librarian in the
California Slate Hospital in Modesto.
Mrs. Oathout, senior catalog librar
ian, will leinain ::t Stanford until
April I. after which time she will
join her husband.
