# Cal Game Tickets On Sale Monday
## 
### 
Rooters' tickets for the Stanford-
California basketball games next
weekend will go on sale at the SAC
Monday morning.
The Friday nighl game will be
played at the Pavilion and the Sat
urday tilt will be at Berkeley.
Tickets will sell from 8:30 a.m. to
noon and from 1 to 4:30 p.m. both
Monday and Tuesday until sold out.
Tickets are 50 cents and student
body cards must be presented
Rooters' tickets for the Stanford-
California basketball games next
weekend will go on sale at the SAC
Monday morning.
The Friday nighl game will be
played at the Pavilion and the Sat
urday tilt will be at Berkeley.
Tickets will sell from 8:30 a.m. to
noon and from 1 to 4:30 p.m. both
Monday and Tuesday until sold out.
Tickets are 50 cents and student
body cards must be presented
Rooters' tickets for the Stanford-
California basketball games next
weekend will go on sale at the SAC
Monday morning.
The Friday nighl game will be
played at the Pavilion and the Sat
urday tilt will be at Berkeley.
Tickets will sell from 8:30 a.m. to
noon and from 1 to 4:30 p.m. both
Monday and Tuesday until sold out.
Tickets are 50 cents and student
body cards must be presented
Rooters' tickets for the Stanford-
California basketball games next
weekend will go on sale at the SAC
Monday morning.
The Friday nighl game will be
played at the Pavilion and the Sat
urday tilt will be at Berkeley.
Tickets will sell from 8:30 a.m. to
noon and from 1 to 4:30 p.m. both
Monday and Tuesday until sold out.
Tickets are 50 cents and student
body cards must be presented
Rooters' tickets for the Stanford-
California basketball games next
weekend will go on sale at the SAC
Monday morning.
The Friday nighl game will be
played at the Pavilion and the Sat
urday tilt will be at Berkeley.
Tickets will sell from 8:30 a.m. to
noon and from 1 to 4:30 p.m. both
Monday and Tuesday until sold out.
Tickets are 50 cents and student
body cards must be presented
Rooters' tickets for the Stanford-
California basketball games next
weekend will go on sale at the SAC
Monday morning.
The Friday nighl game will be
played at the Pavilion and the Sat
urday tilt will be at Berkeley.
Tickets will sell from 8:30 a.m. to
noon and from 1 to 4:30 p.m. both
Monday and Tuesday until sold out.
Tickets are 50 cents and student
body cards must be presented
Rooters' tickets for the Stanford-
California basketball games next
weekend will go on sale at the SAC
Monday morning.
The Friday nighl game will be
played at the Pavilion and the Sat
urday tilt will be at Berkeley.
Tickets will sell from 8:30 a.m. to
noon and from 1 to 4:30 p.m. both
Monday and Tuesday until sold out.
Tickets are 50 cents and student
body cards must be presented
Rooters' tickets for the Stanford-
California basketball games next
weekend will go on sale at the SAC
Monday morning.
The Friday nighl game will be
played at the Pavilion and the Sat
urday tilt will be at Berkeley.
Tickets will sell from 8:30 a.m. to
noon and from 1 to 4:30 p.m. both
Monday and Tuesday until sold out.
Tickets are 50 cents and student
body cards must be presented
Rooters' tickets for the Stanford-
California basketball games next
weekend will go on sale at the SAC
Monday morning.
The Friday nighl game will be
played at the Pavilion and the Sat
urday tilt will be at Berkeley.
Tickets will sell from 8:30 a.m. to
noon and from 1 to 4:30 p.m. both
Monday and Tuesday until sold out.
Tickets are 50 cents and student
body cards must be presented
Rooters' tickets for the Stanford-
California basketball games next
weekend will go on sale at the SAC
Monday morning.
The Friday nighl game will be
played at the Pavilion and the Sat
urday tilt will be at Berkeley.
Tickets will sell from 8:30 a.m. to
noon and from 1 to 4:30 p.m. both
Monday and Tuesday until sold out.
Tickets are 50 cents and student
body cards must be presented
Rooters' tickets for the Stanford-
California basketball games next
weekend will go on sale at the SAC
Monday morning.
The Friday nighl game will be
played at the Pavilion and the Sat
urday tilt will be at Berkeley.
Tickets will sell from 8:30 a.m. to
noon and from 1 to 4:30 p.m. both
Monday and Tuesday until sold out.
Tickets are 50 cents and student
body cards must be presented
Rooters' tickets for the Stanford-
California basketball games next
weekend will go on sale at the SAC
Monday morning.
The Friday nighl game will be
played at the Pavilion and the Sat
urday tilt will be at Berkeley.
Tickets will sell from 8:30 a.m. to
noon and from 1 to 4:30 p.m. both
Monday and Tuesday until sold out.
Tickets are 50 cents and student
body cards must be presented
Rooters' tickets for the Stanford-
California basketball games next
weekend will go on sale at the SAC
Monday morning.
The Friday nighl game will be
played at the Pavilion and the Sat
urday tilt will be at Berkeley.
Tickets will sell from 8:30 a.m. to
noon and from 1 to 4:30 p.m. both
Monday and Tuesday until sold out.
Tickets are 50 cents and student
body cards must be presented
Rooters' tickets for the Stanford-
California basketball games next
weekend will go on sale at the SAC
Monday morning.
The Friday nighl game will be
played at the Pavilion and the Sat
urday tilt will be at Berkeley.
Tickets will sell from 8:30 a.m. to
noon and from 1 to 4:30 p.m. both
Monday and Tuesday until sold out.
Tickets are 50 cents and student
body cards must be presented
