# Quad Editor Calls For Photographers
## 
### 
Experienced photographers are.
needed to work on the 1950 Quad/
staff. Three positions are open for
photographers with some expe
rience, especially in laboratory
work.
The Qua<l offers to ils staff pho
tographers the use of its labora
tory facilities for their own work.
The Quad staff also still needs
students to work on advertising
and business, typists, and workers
to cut and paste layouts.
Experienced photographers are.
needed to work on the 1950 Quad/
staff. Three positions are open for
photographers with some expe
rience, especially in laboratory
work.
The Qua<l offers to ils staff pho
tographers the use of its labora
tory facilities for their own work.
The Quad staff also still needs
students to work on advertising
and business, typists, and workers
to cut and paste layouts.
Experienced photographers are.
needed to work on the 1950 Quad/
staff. Three positions are open for
photographers with some expe
rience, especially in laboratory
work.
The Qua<l offers to ils staff pho
tographers the use of its labora
tory facilities for their own work.
The Quad staff also still needs
students to work on advertising
and business, typists, and workers
to cut and paste layouts.
Experienced photographers are.
needed to work on the 1950 Quad/
staff. Three positions are open for
photographers with some expe
rience, especially in laboratory
work.
The Qua<l offers to ils staff pho
tographers the use of its labora
tory facilities for their own work.
The Quad staff also still needs
students to work on advertising
and business, typists, and workers
to cut and paste layouts.
Experienced photographers are.
needed to work on the 1950 Quad/
staff. Three positions are open for
photographers with some expe
rience, especially in laboratory
work.
The Qua<l offers to ils staff pho
tographers the use of its labora
tory facilities for their own work.
The Quad staff also still needs
students to work on advertising
and business, typists, and workers
to cut and paste layouts.
Experienced photographers are.
needed to work on the 1950 Quad/
staff. Three positions are open for
photographers with some expe
rience, especially in laboratory
work.
The Qua<l offers to ils staff pho
tographers the use of its labora
tory facilities for their own work.
The Quad staff also still needs
students to work on advertising
and business, typists, and workers
to cut and paste layouts.
Experienced photographers are.
needed to work on the 1950 Quad/
staff. Three positions are open for
photographers with some expe
rience, especially in laboratory
work.
The Qua<l offers to ils staff pho
tographers the use of its labora
tory facilities for their own work.
The Quad staff also still needs
students to work on advertising
and business, typists, and workers
to cut and paste layouts.
Experienced photographers are.
needed to work on the 1950 Quad/
staff. Three positions are open for
photographers with some expe
rience, especially in laboratory
work.
The Qua<l offers to ils staff pho
tographers the use of its labora
tory facilities for their own work.
The Quad staff also still needs
students to work on advertising
and business, typists, and workers
to cut and paste layouts.
Experienced photographers are.
needed to work on the 1950 Quad/
staff. Three positions are open for
photographers with some expe
rience, especially in laboratory
work.
The Qua<l offers to ils staff pho
tographers the use of its labora
tory facilities for their own work.
The Quad staff also still needs
students to work on advertising
and business, typists, and workers
to cut and paste layouts.
Experienced photographers are.
needed to work on the 1950 Quad/
staff. Three positions are open for
photographers with some expe
rience, especially in laboratory
work.
The Qua<l offers to ils staff pho
tographers the use of its labora
tory facilities for their own work.
The Quad staff also still needs
students to work on advertising
and business, typists, and workers
to cut and paste layouts.
Experienced photographers are.
needed to work on the 1950 Quad/
staff. Three positions are open for
photographers with some expe
rience, especially in laboratory
work.
The Qua<l offers to ils staff pho
tographers the use of its labora
tory facilities for their own work.
The Quad staff also still needs
students to work on advertising
and business, typists, and workers
to cut and paste layouts.
Experienced photographers are.
needed to work on the 1950 Quad/
staff. Three positions are open for
photographers with some expe
rience, especially in laboratory
work.
The Qua<l offers to ils staff pho
tographers the use of its labora
tory facilities for their own work.
The Quad staff also still needs
students to work on advertising
and business, typists, and workers
to cut and paste layouts.
Experienced photographers are.
needed to work on the 1950 Quad/
staff. Three positions are open for
photographers with some expe
rience, especially in laboratory
work.
The Qua<l offers to ils staff pho
tographers the use of its labora
tory facilities for their own work.
The Quad staff also still needs
students to work on advertising
and business, typists, and workers
to cut and paste layouts.
Experienced photographers are.
needed to work on the 1950 Quad/
staff. Three positions are open for
photographers with some expe
rience, especially in laboratory
work.
The Qua<l offers to ils staff pho
tographers the use of its labora
tory facilities for their own work.
The Quad staff also still needs
students to work on advertising
and business, typists, and workers
to cut and paste layouts.
