# Auditors' Wages Rise; Jobs Open
## 
### 
The State Personnel Board in
California announced yesterda y
that the starting salary for junior
account-auditor, the beginning ac
counting class in the state govern
ment. has been raised from $255 a
month to $2(iB.
As the state needs trained men,
the year of California residence re
quired for most civil service jobs
has been waived for this class.
Graduates of professional account
ing courses and those in their last
semester are eligible for the job.
Applications for the position are
available at the State Personnel
Board at Sacramento. San Fran
cisco. and Los Angeles. Deadline is
Oct 6.
The State Personnel Board in
California announced yesterda y
that the starting salary for junior
account-auditor, the beginning ac
counting class in the state govern
ment. has been raised from $255 a
month to $2(iB.
As the state needs trained men,
the year of California residence re
quired for most civil service jobs
has been waived for this class.
Graduates of professional account
ing courses and those in their last
semester are eligible for the job.
Applications for the position are
available at the State Personnel
Board at Sacramento. San Fran
cisco. and Los Angeles. Deadline is
Oct 6.
The State Personnel Board in
California announced yesterda y
that the starting salary for junior
account-auditor, the beginning ac
counting class in the state govern
ment. has been raised from $255 a
month to $2(iB.
As the state needs trained men,
the year of California residence re
quired for most civil service jobs
has been waived for this class.
Graduates of professional account
ing courses and those in their last
semester are eligible for the job.
Applications for the position are
available at the State Personnel
Board at Sacramento. San Fran
cisco. and Los Angeles. Deadline is
Oct 6.
The State Personnel Board in
California announced yesterda y
that the starting salary for junior
account-auditor, the beginning ac
counting class in the state govern
ment. has been raised from $255 a
month to $2(iB.
As the state needs trained men,
the year of California residence re
quired for most civil service jobs
has been waived for this class.
Graduates of professional account
ing courses and those in their last
semester are eligible for the job.
Applications for the position are
available at the State Personnel
Board at Sacramento. San Fran
cisco. and Los Angeles. Deadline is
Oct 6.
The State Personnel Board in
California announced yesterda y
that the starting salary for junior
account-auditor, the beginning ac
counting class in the state govern
ment. has been raised from $255 a
month to $2(iB.
As the state needs trained men,
the year of California residence re
quired for most civil service jobs
has been waived for this class.
Graduates of professional account
ing courses and those in their last
semester are eligible for the job.
Applications for the position are
available at the State Personnel
Board at Sacramento. San Fran
cisco. and Los Angeles. Deadline is
Oct 6.
The State Personnel Board in
California announced yesterda y
that the starting salary for junior
account-auditor, the beginning ac
counting class in the state govern
ment. has been raised from $255 a
month to $2(iB.
As the state needs trained men,
the year of California residence re
quired for most civil service jobs
has been waived for this class.
Graduates of professional account
ing courses and those in their last
semester are eligible for the job.
Applications for the position are
available at the State Personnel
Board at Sacramento. San Fran
cisco. and Los Angeles. Deadline is
Oct 6.
The State Personnel Board in
California announced yesterda y
that the starting salary for junior
account-auditor, the beginning ac
counting class in the state govern
ment. has been raised from $255 a
month to $2(iB.
As the state needs trained men,
the year of California residence re
quired for most civil service jobs
has been waived for this class.
Graduates of professional account
ing courses and those in their last
semester are eligible for the job.
Applications for the position are
available at the State Personnel
Board at Sacramento. San Fran
cisco. and Los Angeles. Deadline is
Oct 6.
The State Personnel Board in
California announced yesterda y
that the starting salary for junior
account-auditor, the beginning ac
counting class in the state govern
ment. has been raised from $255 a
month to $2(iB.
As the state needs trained men,
the year of California residence re
quired for most civil service jobs
has been waived for this class.
Graduates of professional account
ing courses and those in their last
semester are eligible for the job.
Applications for the position are
available at the State Personnel
Board at Sacramento. San Fran
cisco. and Los Angeles. Deadline is
Oct 6.
The State Personnel Board in
California announced yesterda y
that the starting salary for junior
account-auditor, the beginning ac
counting class in the state govern
ment. has been raised from $255 a
month to $2(iB.
As the state needs trained men,
the year of California residence re
quired for most civil service jobs
has been waived for this class.
Graduates of professional account
ing courses and those in their last
semester are eligible for the job.
Applications for the position are
available at the State Personnel
Board at Sacramento. San Fran
cisco. and Los Angeles. Deadline is
Oct 6.
The State Personnel Board in
California announced yesterda y
that the starting salary for junior
account-auditor, the beginning ac
counting class in the state govern
ment. has been raised from $255 a
month to $2(iB.
As the state needs trained men,
the year of California residence re
quired for most civil service jobs
has been waived for this class.
Graduates of professional account
ing courses and those in their last
semester are eligible for the job.
Applications for the position are
available at the State Personnel
Board at Sacramento. San Fran
cisco. and Los Angeles. Deadline is
Oct 6.
The State Personnel Board in
California announced yesterda y
that the starting salary for junior
account-auditor, the beginning ac
counting class in the state govern
ment. has been raised from $255 a
month to $2(iB.
As the state needs trained men,
the year of California residence re
quired for most civil service jobs
has been waived for this class.
Graduates of professional account
ing courses and those in their last
semester are eligible for the job.
Applications for the position are
available at the State Personnel
Board at Sacramento. San Fran
cisco. and Los Angeles. Deadline is
Oct 6.
The State Personnel Board in
California announced yesterda y
that the starting salary for junior
account-auditor, the beginning ac
counting class in the state govern
ment. has been raised from $255 a
month to $2(iB.
As the state needs trained men,
the year of California residence re
quired for most civil service jobs
has been waived for this class.
Graduates of professional account
ing courses and those in their last
semester are eligible for the job.
Applications for the position are
available at the State Personnel
Board at Sacramento. San Fran
cisco. and Los Angeles. Deadline is
Oct 6.
The State Personnel Board in
California announced yesterda y
that the starting salary for junior
account-auditor, the beginning ac
counting class in the state govern
ment. has been raised from $255 a
month to $2(iB.
As the state needs trained men,
the year of California residence re
quired for most civil service jobs
has been waived for this class.
Graduates of professional account
ing courses and those in their last
semester are eligible for the job.
Applications for the position are
available at the State Personnel
Board at Sacramento. San Fran
cisco. and Los Angeles. Deadline is
Oct 6.
The State Personnel Board in
California announced yesterda y
that the starting salary for junior
account-auditor, the beginning ac
counting class in the state govern
ment. has been raised from $255 a
month to $2(iB.
As the state needs trained men,
the year of California residence re
quired for most civil service jobs
has been waived for this class.
Graduates of professional account
ing courses and those in their last
semester are eligible for the job.
Applications for the position are
available at the State Personnel
Board at Sacramento. San Fran
cisco. and Los Angeles. Deadline is
Oct 6.
The State Personnel Board in
California announced yesterda y
that the starting salary for junior
account-auditor, the beginning ac
counting class in the state govern
ment. has been raised from $255 a
month to $2(iB.
As the state needs trained men,
the year of California residence re
quired for most civil service jobs
has been waived for this class.
Graduates of professional account
ing courses and those in their last
semester are eligible for the job.
Applications for the position are
available at the State Personnel
Board at Sacramento. San Fran
cisco. and Los Angeles. Deadline is
Oct 6.
