# Adv. 11 Page 3
## 
### 
2 a.m.
To some, the closing
hour for bars. To us,
how late we work now
and then to get more
2 a.m.
To some, the closing
hour for bars. To us,
how late we work now
and then to get more
2 a.m.
To some, the closing
hour for bars. To us,
how late we work now
and then to get more
2 a.m.
To some, the closing
hour for bars. To us,
how late we work now
and then to get more
2 a.m.
To some, the closing
hour for bars. To us,
how late we work now
and then to get more
2 a.m.
To some, the closing
hour for bars. To us,
how late we work now
and then to get more
2 a.m.
To some, the closing
hour for bars. To us,
how late we work now
and then to get more
2 a.m.
To some, the closing
hour for bars. To us,
how late we work now
and then to get more
2 a.m.
To some, the closing
hour for bars. To us,
how late we work now
and then to get more
2 a.m.
To some, the closing
hour for bars. To us,
how late we work now
and then to get more
2 a.m.
To some, the closing
hour for bars. To us,
how late we work now
and then to get more
2 a.m.
To some, the closing
hour for bars. To us,
how late we work now
and then to get more
2 a.m.
To some, the closing
hour for bars. To us,
how late we work now
and then to get more
2 a.m.
To some, the closing
hour for bars. To us,
how late we work now
and then to get more
2 a.m.
To some, the closing
hour for bars. To us,
how late we work now
and then to get more
2 a.m.
To some, the closing
hour for bars. To us,
how late we work now
and then to get more
