# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
—- j
RELIABLE
Watch Repairing
American mid Swing Wat.lirt, Stop
Wati'hfe, Chronograph
HARRY C. POLLEY
543 High Street
"Prompt Srrvir# t9
WFISTERN UNION
PRESENTS
TELEGRAMS
by
TELEFAX
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to nerve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message j
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to diarge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements are i
rendered monthly.
—- j
RELIABLE
Watch Repairing
American mid Swing Wat.lirt, Stop
Wati'hfe, Chronograph
HARRY C. POLLEY
543 High Street
"Prompt Srrvir# t9
WFISTERN UNION
PRESENTS
TELEGRAMS
by
TELEFAX
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to nerve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message j
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to diarge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements are i
rendered monthly.
—- j
RELIABLE
Watch Repairing
American mid Swing Wat.lirt, Stop
Wati'hfe, Chronograph
HARRY C. POLLEY
543 High Street
"Prompt Srrvir# t9
WFISTERN UNION
PRESENTS
TELEGRAMS
by
TELEFAX
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to nerve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message j
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to diarge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements are i
rendered monthly.
—- j
RELIABLE
Watch Repairing
American mid Swing Wat.lirt, Stop
Wati'hfe, Chronograph
HARRY C. POLLEY
543 High Street
"Prompt Srrvir# t9
WFISTERN UNION
PRESENTS
TELEGRAMS
by
TELEFAX
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to nerve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message j
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to diarge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements are i
rendered monthly.
—- j
RELIABLE
Watch Repairing
American mid Swing Wat.lirt, Stop
Wati'hfe, Chronograph
HARRY C. POLLEY
543 High Street
"Prompt Srrvir# t9
WFISTERN UNION
PRESENTS
TELEGRAMS
by
TELEFAX
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to nerve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message j
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to diarge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements are i
rendered monthly.
—- j
RELIABLE
Watch Repairing
American mid Swing Wat.lirt, Stop
Wati'hfe, Chronograph
HARRY C. POLLEY
543 High Street
"Prompt Srrvir# t9
WFISTERN UNION
PRESENTS
TELEGRAMS
by
TELEFAX
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to nerve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message j
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to diarge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements are i
rendered monthly.
—- j
RELIABLE
Watch Repairing
American mid Swing Wat.lirt, Stop
Wati'hfe, Chronograph
HARRY C. POLLEY
543 High Street
"Prompt Srrvir# t9
WFISTERN UNION
PRESENTS
TELEGRAMS
by
TELEFAX
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to nerve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message j
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to diarge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements are i
rendered monthly.
—- j
RELIABLE
Watch Repairing
American mid Swing Wat.lirt, Stop
Wati'hfe, Chronograph
HARRY C. POLLEY
543 High Street
"Prompt Srrvir# t9
WFISTERN UNION
PRESENTS
TELEGRAMS
by
TELEFAX
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to nerve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message j
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to diarge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements are i
rendered monthly.
—- j
RELIABLE
Watch Repairing
American mid Swing Wat.lirt, Stop
Wati'hfe, Chronograph
HARRY C. POLLEY
543 High Street
"Prompt Srrvir# t9
WFISTERN UNION
PRESENTS
TELEGRAMS
by
TELEFAX
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to nerve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message j
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to diarge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements are i
rendered monthly.
—- j
RELIABLE
Watch Repairing
American mid Swing Wat.lirt, Stop
Wati'hfe, Chronograph
HARRY C. POLLEY
543 High Street
"Prompt Srrvir# t9
WFISTERN UNION
PRESENTS
TELEGRAMS
by
TELEFAX
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to nerve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message j
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to diarge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements are i
rendered monthly.
—- j
RELIABLE
Watch Repairing
American mid Swing Wat.lirt, Stop
Wati'hfe, Chronograph
HARRY C. POLLEY
543 High Street
"Prompt Srrvir# t9
WFISTERN UNION
PRESENTS
TELEGRAMS
by
TELEFAX
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to nerve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message j
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to diarge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements are i
rendered monthly.
—- j
RELIABLE
Watch Repairing
American mid Swing Wat.lirt, Stop
Wati'hfe, Chronograph
HARRY C. POLLEY
543 High Street
"Prompt Srrvir# t9
WFISTERN UNION
PRESENTS
TELEGRAMS
by
TELEFAX
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to nerve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message j
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to diarge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements are i
rendered monthly.
—- j
RELIABLE
Watch Repairing
American mid Swing Wat.lirt, Stop
Wati'hfe, Chronograph
HARRY C. POLLEY
543 High Street
"Prompt Srrvir# t9
WFISTERN UNION
PRESENTS
TELEGRAMS
by
TELEFAX
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to nerve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message j
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to diarge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements are i
rendered monthly.
—- j
RELIABLE
Watch Repairing
American mid Swing Wat.lirt, Stop
Wati'hfe, Chronograph
HARRY C. POLLEY
543 High Street
"Prompt Srrvir# t9
WFISTERN UNION
PRESENTS
TELEGRAMS
by
TELEFAX
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to nerve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message j
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to diarge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements are i
rendered monthly.
—- j
RELIABLE
Watch Repairing
American mid Swing Wat.lirt, Stop
Wati'hfe, Chronograph
HARRY C. POLLEY
543 High Street
"Prompt Srrvir# t9
WFISTERN UNION
PRESENTS
TELEGRAMS
by
TELEFAX
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to nerve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message j
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to diarge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements are i
rendered monthly.
—- j
RELIABLE
Watch Repairing
American mid Swing Wat.lirt, Stop
Wati'hfe, Chronograph
HARRY C. POLLEY
543 High Street
"Prompt Srrvir# t9
WFISTERN UNION
PRESENTS
TELEGRAMS
by
TELEFAX
At Encina and at the Cellar, West
ern Union has installed its latest
type telegraph equipment to nerve
you. To send a telegram it is nec
essary only to write your message j
on a blank and drop it in a slot.
That's all! As easily as that, your
telegram speeds on Its way, trans
mitted immediately and automati
cally in facsimile.
REMEMBER . . .
Members of the Stanford student
body are authorized by Western
Union to diarge telegraph tolls
without formality. Statements are i
rendered monthly.
