# Production Committee
## 
### 
Ram's Head has selected the pro
duction committee lor Spring Show.
Robin C. Stevens, speech and drama
grad from San Diego State, is di
rector, with John Erickson, music
director; Steve Stevens, technical
director; Mary Lou Joslyn, produc
tion co-ordinator; and Bill Sharp,
assistant director.
Other members of the production
staff ore Ray O'Brien, chorus direc
tor, and Linda Wells, publicity di
rector. Crew heads and members
will be chosen alter the show has
been selected.
Ram's Head has selected the pro
duction committee lor Spring Show.
Robin C. Stevens, speech and drama
grad from San Diego State, is di
rector, with John Erickson, music
director; Steve Stevens, technical
director; Mary Lou Joslyn, produc
tion co-ordinator; and Bill Sharp,
assistant director.
Other members of the production
staff ore Ray O'Brien, chorus direc
tor, and Linda Wells, publicity di
rector. Crew heads and members
will be chosen alter the show has
been selected.
Ram's Head has selected the pro
duction committee lor Spring Show.
Robin C. Stevens, speech and drama
grad from San Diego State, is di
rector, with John Erickson, music
director; Steve Stevens, technical
director; Mary Lou Joslyn, produc
tion co-ordinator; and Bill Sharp,
assistant director.
Other members of the production
staff ore Ray O'Brien, chorus direc
tor, and Linda Wells, publicity di
rector. Crew heads and members
will be chosen alter the show has
been selected.
Ram's Head has selected the pro
duction committee lor Spring Show.
Robin C. Stevens, speech and drama
grad from San Diego State, is di
rector, with John Erickson, music
director; Steve Stevens, technical
director; Mary Lou Joslyn, produc
tion co-ordinator; and Bill Sharp,
assistant director.
Other members of the production
staff ore Ray O'Brien, chorus direc
tor, and Linda Wells, publicity di
rector. Crew heads and members
will be chosen alter the show has
been selected.
Ram's Head has selected the pro
duction committee lor Spring Show.
Robin C. Stevens, speech and drama
grad from San Diego State, is di
rector, with John Erickson, music
director; Steve Stevens, technical
director; Mary Lou Joslyn, produc
tion co-ordinator; and Bill Sharp,
assistant director.
Other members of the production
staff ore Ray O'Brien, chorus direc
tor, and Linda Wells, publicity di
rector. Crew heads and members
will be chosen alter the show has
been selected.
Ram's Head has selected the pro
duction committee lor Spring Show.
Robin C. Stevens, speech and drama
grad from San Diego State, is di
rector, with John Erickson, music
director; Steve Stevens, technical
director; Mary Lou Joslyn, produc
tion co-ordinator; and Bill Sharp,
assistant director.
Other members of the production
staff ore Ray O'Brien, chorus direc
tor, and Linda Wells, publicity di
rector. Crew heads and members
will be chosen alter the show has
been selected.
Ram's Head has selected the pro
duction committee lor Spring Show.
Robin C. Stevens, speech and drama
grad from San Diego State, is di
rector, with John Erickson, music
director; Steve Stevens, technical
director; Mary Lou Joslyn, produc
tion co-ordinator; and Bill Sharp,
assistant director.
Other members of the production
staff ore Ray O'Brien, chorus direc
tor, and Linda Wells, publicity di
rector. Crew heads and members
will be chosen alter the show has
been selected.
Ram's Head has selected the pro
duction committee lor Spring Show.
Robin C. Stevens, speech and drama
grad from San Diego State, is di
rector, with John Erickson, music
director; Steve Stevens, technical
director; Mary Lou Joslyn, produc
tion co-ordinator; and Bill Sharp,
assistant director.
Other members of the production
staff ore Ray O'Brien, chorus direc
tor, and Linda Wells, publicity di
rector. Crew heads and members
will be chosen alter the show has
been selected.
Ram's Head has selected the pro
duction committee lor Spring Show.
Robin C. Stevens, speech and drama
grad from San Diego State, is di
rector, with John Erickson, music
director; Steve Stevens, technical
director; Mary Lou Joslyn, produc
tion co-ordinator; and Bill Sharp,
assistant director.
Other members of the production
staff ore Ray O'Brien, chorus direc
tor, and Linda Wells, publicity di
rector. Crew heads and members
will be chosen alter the show has
been selected.
Ram's Head has selected the pro
duction committee lor Spring Show.
Robin C. Stevens, speech and drama
grad from San Diego State, is di
rector, with John Erickson, music
director; Steve Stevens, technical
director; Mary Lou Joslyn, produc
tion co-ordinator; and Bill Sharp,
assistant director.
Other members of the production
staff ore Ray O'Brien, chorus direc
tor, and Linda Wells, publicity di
rector. Crew heads and members
will be chosen alter the show has
been selected.
Ram's Head has selected the pro
duction committee lor Spring Show.
Robin C. Stevens, speech and drama
grad from San Diego State, is di
rector, with John Erickson, music
director; Steve Stevens, technical
director; Mary Lou Joslyn, produc
tion co-ordinator; and Bill Sharp,
assistant director.
Other members of the production
staff ore Ray O'Brien, chorus direc
tor, and Linda Wells, publicity di
rector. Crew heads and members
will be chosen alter the show has
been selected.
Ram's Head has selected the pro
duction committee lor Spring Show.
Robin C. Stevens, speech and drama
grad from San Diego State, is di
rector, with John Erickson, music
director; Steve Stevens, technical
director; Mary Lou Joslyn, produc
tion co-ordinator; and Bill Sharp,
assistant director.
Other members of the production
staff ore Ray O'Brien, chorus direc
tor, and Linda Wells, publicity di
rector. Crew heads and members
will be chosen alter the show has
been selected.
Ram's Head has selected the pro
duction committee lor Spring Show.
Robin C. Stevens, speech and drama
grad from San Diego State, is di
rector, with John Erickson, music
director; Steve Stevens, technical
director; Mary Lou Joslyn, produc
tion co-ordinator; and Bill Sharp,
assistant director.
Other members of the production
staff ore Ray O'Brien, chorus direc
tor, and Linda Wells, publicity di
rector. Crew heads and members
will be chosen alter the show has
been selected.
Ram's Head has selected the pro
duction committee lor Spring Show.
Robin C. Stevens, speech and drama
grad from San Diego State, is di
rector, with John Erickson, music
director; Steve Stevens, technical
director; Mary Lou Joslyn, produc
tion co-ordinator; and Bill Sharp,
assistant director.
Other members of the production
staff ore Ray O'Brien, chorus direc
tor, and Linda Wells, publicity di
rector. Crew heads and members
will be chosen alter the show has
been selected.
Ram's Head has selected the pro
duction committee lor Spring Show.
Robin C. Stevens, speech and drama
grad from San Diego State, is di
rector, with John Erickson, music
director; Steve Stevens, technical
director; Mary Lou Joslyn, produc
tion co-ordinator; and Bill Sharp,
assistant director.
Other members of the production
staff ore Ray O'Brien, chorus direc
tor, and Linda Wells, publicity di
rector. Crew heads and members
will be chosen alter the show has
been selected.
Ram's Head has selected the pro
duction committee lor Spring Show.
Robin C. Stevens, speech and drama
grad from San Diego State, is di
rector, with John Erickson, music
director; Steve Stevens, technical
director; Mary Lou Joslyn, produc
tion co-ordinator; and Bill Sharp,
assistant director.
Other members of the production
staff ore Ray O'Brien, chorus direc
tor, and Linda Wells, publicity di
rector. Crew heads and members
will be chosen alter the show has
been selected.
