# JOURNAL CLUB MEETING
## 
### 
J. P. Neil will speak before the
Journal Club of the School, of Min
eral Sciences at 4 p.m. today. His
subject will be "Some Geological
Features of the United States and
Canada." Tea at 3:45 will precede
the meeting.
J. P. Neil will speak before the
Journal Club of the School, of Min
eral Sciences at 4 p.m. today. His
subject will be "Some Geological
Features of the United States and
Canada." Tea at 3:45 will precede
the meeting.
J. P. Neil will speak before the
Journal Club of the School, of Min
eral Sciences at 4 p.m. today. His
subject will be "Some Geological
Features of the United States and
Canada." Tea at 3:45 will precede
the meeting.
J. P. Neil will speak before the
Journal Club of the School, of Min
eral Sciences at 4 p.m. today. His
subject will be "Some Geological
Features of the United States and
Canada." Tea at 3:45 will precede
the meeting.
J. P. Neil will speak before the
Journal Club of the School, of Min
eral Sciences at 4 p.m. today. His
subject will be "Some Geological
Features of the United States and
Canada." Tea at 3:45 will precede
the meeting.
J. P. Neil will speak before the
Journal Club of the School, of Min
eral Sciences at 4 p.m. today. His
subject will be "Some Geological
Features of the United States and
Canada." Tea at 3:45 will precede
the meeting.
J. P. Neil will speak before the
Journal Club of the School, of Min
eral Sciences at 4 p.m. today. His
subject will be "Some Geological
Features of the United States and
Canada." Tea at 3:45 will precede
the meeting.
J. P. Neil will speak before the
Journal Club of the School, of Min
eral Sciences at 4 p.m. today. His
subject will be "Some Geological
Features of the United States and
Canada." Tea at 3:45 will precede
the meeting.
J. P. Neil will speak before the
Journal Club of the School, of Min
eral Sciences at 4 p.m. today. His
subject will be "Some Geological
Features of the United States and
Canada." Tea at 3:45 will precede
the meeting.
J. P. Neil will speak before the
Journal Club of the School, of Min
eral Sciences at 4 p.m. today. His
subject will be "Some Geological
Features of the United States and
Canada." Tea at 3:45 will precede
the meeting.
J. P. Neil will speak before the
Journal Club of the School, of Min
eral Sciences at 4 p.m. today. His
subject will be "Some Geological
Features of the United States and
Canada." Tea at 3:45 will precede
the meeting.
J. P. Neil will speak before the
Journal Club of the School, of Min
eral Sciences at 4 p.m. today. His
subject will be "Some Geological
Features of the United States and
Canada." Tea at 3:45 will precede
the meeting.
J. P. Neil will speak before the
Journal Club of the School, of Min
eral Sciences at 4 p.m. today. His
subject will be "Some Geological
Features of the United States and
Canada." Tea at 3:45 will precede
the meeting.
J. P. Neil will speak before the
Journal Club of the School, of Min
eral Sciences at 4 p.m. today. His
subject will be "Some Geological
Features of the United States and
Canada." Tea at 3:45 will precede
the meeting.
J. P. Neil will speak before the
Journal Club of the School, of Min
eral Sciences at 4 p.m. today. His
subject will be "Some Geological
Features of the United States and
Canada." Tea at 3:45 will precede
the meeting.
J. P. Neil will speak before the
Journal Club of the School, of Min
eral Sciences at 4 p.m. today. His
subject will be "Some Geological
Features of the United States and
Canada." Tea at 3:45 will precede
the meeting.
