# Adv. 30 Page 6
## 
### 
The Statistics Depart
ment is pleased to an
nounce that the following
courses were omitted
from the Time Schedule
and WILL BE GIVEN this
quarter:
Stat 180, Introduction to
Statistical Computing
(Same as Stat 80,
Johns, MWF 11,
bioT 151)
Stat 201, Introduction to
Data
(Diaconis, MWF 1:15,
phlo3)
Stat 233 A, Applied
Statistics (Faith, MWF
1:15, s114)
Stat 324 A, Multivariate
Analysis (Anderson,
MWF 11, s114)
The Statistics Depart
ment is pleased to an
nounce that the following
courses were omitted
from the Time Schedule
and WILL BE GIVEN this
quarter:
Stat 180, Introduction to
Statistical Computing
(Same as Stat 80,
Johns, MWF 11,
bioT 151)
Stat 201, Introduction to
Data
(Diaconis, MWF 1:15,
phlo3)
Stat 233 A, Applied
Statistics (Faith, MWF
1:15, s114)
Stat 324 A, Multivariate
Analysis (Anderson,
MWF 11, s114)
The Statistics Depart
ment is pleased to an
nounce that the following
courses were omitted
from the Time Schedule
and WILL BE GIVEN this
quarter:
Stat 180, Introduction to
Statistical Computing
(Same as Stat 80,
Johns, MWF 11,
bioT 151)
Stat 201, Introduction to
Data
(Diaconis, MWF 1:15,
phlo3)
Stat 233 A, Applied
Statistics (Faith, MWF
1:15, s114)
Stat 324 A, Multivariate
Analysis (Anderson,
MWF 11, s114)
The Statistics Depart
ment is pleased to an
nounce that the following
courses were omitted
from the Time Schedule
and WILL BE GIVEN this
quarter:
Stat 180, Introduction to
Statistical Computing
(Same as Stat 80,
Johns, MWF 11,
bioT 151)
Stat 201, Introduction to
Data
(Diaconis, MWF 1:15,
phlo3)
Stat 233 A, Applied
Statistics (Faith, MWF
1:15, s114)
Stat 324 A, Multivariate
Analysis (Anderson,
MWF 11, s114)
The Statistics Depart
ment is pleased to an
nounce that the following
courses were omitted
from the Time Schedule
and WILL BE GIVEN this
quarter:
Stat 180, Introduction to
Statistical Computing
(Same as Stat 80,
Johns, MWF 11,
bioT 151)
Stat 201, Introduction to
Data
(Diaconis, MWF 1:15,
phlo3)
Stat 233 A, Applied
Statistics (Faith, MWF
1:15, s114)
Stat 324 A, Multivariate
Analysis (Anderson,
MWF 11, s114)
The Statistics Depart
ment is pleased to an
nounce that the following
courses were omitted
from the Time Schedule
and WILL BE GIVEN this
quarter:
Stat 180, Introduction to
Statistical Computing
(Same as Stat 80,
Johns, MWF 11,
bioT 151)
Stat 201, Introduction to
Data
(Diaconis, MWF 1:15,
phlo3)
Stat 233 A, Applied
Statistics (Faith, MWF
1:15, s114)
Stat 324 A, Multivariate
Analysis (Anderson,
MWF 11, s114)
The Statistics Depart
ment is pleased to an
nounce that the following
courses were omitted
from the Time Schedule
and WILL BE GIVEN this
quarter:
Stat 180, Introduction to
Statistical Computing
(Same as Stat 80,
Johns, MWF 11,
bioT 151)
Stat 201, Introduction to
Data
(Diaconis, MWF 1:15,
phlo3)
Stat 233 A, Applied
Statistics (Faith, MWF
1:15, s114)
Stat 324 A, Multivariate
Analysis (Anderson,
MWF 11, s114)
The Statistics Depart
ment is pleased to an
nounce that the following
courses were omitted
from the Time Schedule
and WILL BE GIVEN this
quarter:
Stat 180, Introduction to
Statistical Computing
(Same as Stat 80,
Johns, MWF 11,
bioT 151)
Stat 201, Introduction to
Data
(Diaconis, MWF 1:15,
phlo3)
Stat 233 A, Applied
Statistics (Faith, MWF
1:15, s114)
Stat 324 A, Multivariate
Analysis (Anderson,
MWF 11, s114)
The Statistics Depart
ment is pleased to an
nounce that the following
courses were omitted
from the Time Schedule
and WILL BE GIVEN this
quarter:
Stat 180, Introduction to
Statistical Computing
(Same as Stat 80,
Johns, MWF 11,
bioT 151)
Stat 201, Introduction to
Data
(Diaconis, MWF 1:15,
phlo3)
Stat 233 A, Applied
Statistics (Faith, MWF
1:15, s114)
Stat 324 A, Multivariate
Analysis (Anderson,
MWF 11, s114)
The Statistics Depart
ment is pleased to an
nounce that the following
courses were omitted
from the Time Schedule
and WILL BE GIVEN this
quarter:
Stat 180, Introduction to
Statistical Computing
(Same as Stat 80,
Johns, MWF 11,
bioT 151)
Stat 201, Introduction to
Data
(Diaconis, MWF 1:15,
phlo3)
Stat 233 A, Applied
Statistics (Faith, MWF
1:15, s114)
Stat 324 A, Multivariate
Analysis (Anderson,
MWF 11, s114)
The Statistics Depart
ment is pleased to an
nounce that the following
courses were omitted
from the Time Schedule
and WILL BE GIVEN this
quarter:
Stat 180, Introduction to
Statistical Computing
(Same as Stat 80,
Johns, MWF 11,
bioT 151)
Stat 201, Introduction to
Data
(Diaconis, MWF 1:15,
phlo3)
Stat 233 A, Applied
Statistics (Faith, MWF
1:15, s114)
Stat 324 A, Multivariate
Analysis (Anderson,
MWF 11, s114)
The Statistics Depart
ment is pleased to an
nounce that the following
courses were omitted
from the Time Schedule
and WILL BE GIVEN this
quarter:
Stat 180, Introduction to
Statistical Computing
(Same as Stat 80,
Johns, MWF 11,
bioT 151)
Stat 201, Introduction to
Data
(Diaconis, MWF 1:15,
phlo3)
Stat 233 A, Applied
Statistics (Faith, MWF
1:15, s114)
Stat 324 A, Multivariate
Analysis (Anderson,
MWF 11, s114)
The Statistics Depart
ment is pleased to an
nounce that the following
courses were omitted
from the Time Schedule
and WILL BE GIVEN this
quarter:
Stat 180, Introduction to
Statistical Computing
(Same as Stat 80,
Johns, MWF 11,
bioT 151)
Stat 201, Introduction to
Data
(Diaconis, MWF 1:15,
phlo3)
Stat 233 A, Applied
Statistics (Faith, MWF
1:15, s114)
Stat 324 A, Multivariate
Analysis (Anderson,
MWF 11, s114)
