# Adv. 1 Page 2
## 
### 
The Daily is interested in pub
lishing regular bi-weekly col
umns written by members of the
Stanford community. Interested
persons should submit one
sample column to the Daily by
Friday, Oct. 7. The Daily regrets
that submitted articles cannot be
returned. Send columns to:
Opinions, The Stanford Daily,
Storke Publications Building,
Stanford, CA 94305.
The Daily is interested in pub
lishing regular bi-weekly col
umns written by members of the
Stanford community. Interested
persons should submit one
sample column to the Daily by
Friday, Oct. 7. The Daily regrets
that submitted articles cannot be
returned. Send columns to:
Opinions, The Stanford Daily,
Storke Publications Building,
Stanford, CA 94305.
The Daily is interested in pub
lishing regular bi-weekly col
umns written by members of the
Stanford community. Interested
persons should submit one
sample column to the Daily by
Friday, Oct. 7. The Daily regrets
that submitted articles cannot be
returned. Send columns to:
Opinions, The Stanford Daily,
Storke Publications Building,
Stanford, CA 94305.
The Daily is interested in pub
lishing regular bi-weekly col
umns written by members of the
Stanford community. Interested
persons should submit one
sample column to the Daily by
Friday, Oct. 7. The Daily regrets
that submitted articles cannot be
returned. Send columns to:
Opinions, The Stanford Daily,
Storke Publications Building,
Stanford, CA 94305.
The Daily is interested in pub
lishing regular bi-weekly col
umns written by members of the
Stanford community. Interested
persons should submit one
sample column to the Daily by
Friday, Oct. 7. The Daily regrets
that submitted articles cannot be
returned. Send columns to:
Opinions, The Stanford Daily,
Storke Publications Building,
Stanford, CA 94305.
The Daily is interested in pub
lishing regular bi-weekly col
umns written by members of the
Stanford community. Interested
persons should submit one
sample column to the Daily by
Friday, Oct. 7. The Daily regrets
that submitted articles cannot be
returned. Send columns to:
Opinions, The Stanford Daily,
Storke Publications Building,
Stanford, CA 94305.
The Daily is interested in pub
lishing regular bi-weekly col
umns written by members of the
Stanford community. Interested
persons should submit one
sample column to the Daily by
Friday, Oct. 7. The Daily regrets
that submitted articles cannot be
returned. Send columns to:
Opinions, The Stanford Daily,
Storke Publications Building,
Stanford, CA 94305.
The Daily is interested in pub
lishing regular bi-weekly col
umns written by members of the
Stanford community. Interested
persons should submit one
sample column to the Daily by
Friday, Oct. 7. The Daily regrets
that submitted articles cannot be
returned. Send columns to:
Opinions, The Stanford Daily,
Storke Publications Building,
Stanford, CA 94305.
The Daily is interested in pub
lishing regular bi-weekly col
umns written by members of the
Stanford community. Interested
persons should submit one
sample column to the Daily by
Friday, Oct. 7. The Daily regrets
that submitted articles cannot be
returned. Send columns to:
Opinions, The Stanford Daily,
Storke Publications Building,
Stanford, CA 94305.
The Daily is interested in pub
lishing regular bi-weekly col
umns written by members of the
Stanford community. Interested
persons should submit one
sample column to the Daily by
Friday, Oct. 7. The Daily regrets
that submitted articles cannot be
returned. Send columns to:
Opinions, The Stanford Daily,
Storke Publications Building,
Stanford, CA 94305.
The Daily is interested in pub
lishing regular bi-weekly col
umns written by members of the
Stanford community. Interested
persons should submit one
sample column to the Daily by
Friday, Oct. 7. The Daily regrets
that submitted articles cannot be
returned. Send columns to:
Opinions, The Stanford Daily,
Storke Publications Building,
Stanford, CA 94305.
The Daily is interested in pub
lishing regular bi-weekly col
umns written by members of the
Stanford community. Interested
persons should submit one
sample column to the Daily by
Friday, Oct. 7. The Daily regrets
that submitted articles cannot be
returned. Send columns to:
Opinions, The Stanford Daily,
Storke Publications Building,
Stanford, CA 94305.
The Daily is interested in pub
lishing regular bi-weekly col
umns written by members of the
Stanford community. Interested
persons should submit one
sample column to the Daily by
Friday, Oct. 7. The Daily regrets
that submitted articles cannot be
returned. Send columns to:
Opinions, The Stanford Daily,
Storke Publications Building,
Stanford, CA 94305.
