# STANFORD FIELD WILL BE DRY FOR SATURDAY'S GAME
## Graduate Manager Wilcox to Cover Turf With Thick Layer of Straw To Absorb Moisture. 
### 
Stanford Field is to be dry on Sat
urday afternoon, that is, there will be
only a negligible amount of moisture
in the closely matted turf. No one
essential more important than a dry
field for Saturday's game could be
named, and the anticipated result of
Graduate Manager Wilcox's efforts will
be hailed with joy by the fans.
The field is to be completely covered
with straw to a depth of at least one
foot, and this is expected to absorb
anything less than a cloudburst. The
straw will be scattered loosely over
the turf, and will not be disturbed un
til the morning of the game, when it
can be raked quickly to one side.
This method of protecting the turf
from the rain is often used in New
Zealand, and it was at the suggestion
of one of the All Blacks that the Grad
uate Manager took steps to secure tho
large amount of straw that will be nec
essary.
Stanford Field is to be dry on Sat
urday afternoon, that is, there will be
only a negligible amount of moisture
in the closely matted turf. No one
essential more important than a dry
field for Saturday's game could be
named, and the anticipated result of
Graduate Manager Wilcox's efforts will
be hailed with joy by the fans.
The field is to be completely covered
with straw to a depth of at least one
foot, and this is expected to absorb
anything less than a cloudburst. The
straw will be scattered loosely over
the turf, and will not be disturbed un
til the morning of the game, when it
can be raked quickly to one side.
This method of protecting the turf
from the rain is often used in New
Zealand, and it was at the suggestion
of one of the All Blacks that the Grad
uate Manager took steps to secure tho
large amount of straw that will be nec
essary.
Stanford Field is to be dry on Sat
urday afternoon, that is, there will be
only a negligible amount of moisture
in the closely matted turf. No one
essential more important than a dry
field for Saturday's game could be
named, and the anticipated result of
Graduate Manager Wilcox's efforts will
be hailed with joy by the fans.
The field is to be completely covered
with straw to a depth of at least one
foot, and this is expected to absorb
anything less than a cloudburst. The
straw will be scattered loosely over
the turf, and will not be disturbed un
til the morning of the game, when it
can be raked quickly to one side.
This method of protecting the turf
from the rain is often used in New
Zealand, and it was at the suggestion
of one of the All Blacks that the Grad
uate Manager took steps to secure tho
large amount of straw that will be nec
essary.
Stanford Field is to be dry on Sat
urday afternoon, that is, there will be
only a negligible amount of moisture
in the closely matted turf. No one
essential more important than a dry
field for Saturday's game could be
named, and the anticipated result of
Graduate Manager Wilcox's efforts will
be hailed with joy by the fans.
The field is to be completely covered
with straw to a depth of at least one
foot, and this is expected to absorb
anything less than a cloudburst. The
straw will be scattered loosely over
the turf, and will not be disturbed un
til the morning of the game, when it
can be raked quickly to one side.
This method of protecting the turf
from the rain is often used in New
Zealand, and it was at the suggestion
of one of the All Blacks that the Grad
uate Manager took steps to secure tho
large amount of straw that will be nec
essary.
Stanford Field is to be dry on Sat
urday afternoon, that is, there will be
only a negligible amount of moisture
in the closely matted turf. No one
essential more important than a dry
field for Saturday's game could be
named, and the anticipated result of
Graduate Manager Wilcox's efforts will
be hailed with joy by the fans.
The field is to be completely covered
with straw to a depth of at least one
foot, and this is expected to absorb
anything less than a cloudburst. The
straw will be scattered loosely over
the turf, and will not be disturbed un
til the morning of the game, when it
can be raked quickly to one side.
This method of protecting the turf
from the rain is often used in New
Zealand, and it was at the suggestion
of one of the All Blacks that the Grad
uate Manager took steps to secure tho
large amount of straw that will be nec
essary.
Stanford Field is to be dry on Sat
urday afternoon, that is, there will be
only a negligible amount of moisture
in the closely matted turf. No one
essential more important than a dry
field for Saturday's game could be
named, and the anticipated result of
Graduate Manager Wilcox's efforts will
be hailed with joy by the fans.
The field is to be completely covered
with straw to a depth of at least one
foot, and this is expected to absorb
anything less than a cloudburst. The
straw will be scattered loosely over
the turf, and will not be disturbed un
til the morning of the game, when it
can be raked quickly to one side.
This method of protecting the turf
from the rain is often used in New
Zealand, and it was at the suggestion
of one of the All Blacks that the Grad
uate Manager took steps to secure tho
large amount of straw that will be nec
essary.
Stanford Field is to be dry on Sat
urday afternoon, that is, there will be
only a negligible amount of moisture
in the closely matted turf. No one
essential more important than a dry
field for Saturday's game could be
named, and the anticipated result of
Graduate Manager Wilcox's efforts will
be hailed with joy by the fans.
The field is to be completely covered
with straw to a depth of at least one
foot, and this is expected to absorb
anything less than a cloudburst. The
straw will be scattered loosely over
the turf, and will not be disturbed un
til the morning of the game, when it
can be raked quickly to one side.
This method of protecting the turf
from the rain is often used in New
Zealand, and it was at the suggestion
of one of the All Blacks that the Grad
uate Manager took steps to secure tho
large amount of straw that will be nec
essary.
Stanford Field is to be dry on Sat
urday afternoon, that is, there will be
only a negligible amount of moisture
in the closely matted turf. No one
essential more important than a dry
field for Saturday's game could be
named, and the anticipated result of
Graduate Manager Wilcox's efforts will
be hailed with joy by the fans.
The field is to be completely covered
with straw to a depth of at least one
foot, and this is expected to absorb
anything less than a cloudburst. The
straw will be scattered loosely over
the turf, and will not be disturbed un
til the morning of the game, when it
can be raked quickly to one side.
This method of protecting the turf
from the rain is often used in New
Zealand, and it was at the suggestion
of one of the All Blacks that the Grad
uate Manager took steps to secure tho
large amount of straw that will be nec
essary.
Stanford Field is to be dry on Sat
urday afternoon, that is, there will be
only a negligible amount of moisture
in the closely matted turf. No one
essential more important than a dry
field for Saturday's game could be
named, and the anticipated result of
Graduate Manager Wilcox's efforts will
be hailed with joy by the fans.
The field is to be completely covered
with straw to a depth of at least one
foot, and this is expected to absorb
anything less than a cloudburst. The
straw will be scattered loosely over
the turf, and will not be disturbed un
til the morning of the game, when it
can be raked quickly to one side.
This method of protecting the turf
from the rain is often used in New
Zealand, and it was at the suggestion
of one of the All Blacks that the Grad
uate Manager took steps to secure tho
large amount of straw that will be nec
essary.
Stanford Field is to be dry on Sat
urday afternoon, that is, there will be
only a negligible amount of moisture
in the closely matted turf. No one
essential more important than a dry
field for Saturday's game could be
named, and the anticipated result of
Graduate Manager Wilcox's efforts will
be hailed with joy by the fans.
The field is to be completely covered
with straw to a depth of at least one
foot, and this is expected to absorb
anything less than a cloudburst. The
straw will be scattered loosely over
the turf, and will not be disturbed un
til the morning of the game, when it
can be raked quickly to one side.
This method of protecting the turf
from the rain is often used in New
Zealand, and it was at the suggestion
of one of the All Blacks that the Grad
uate Manager took steps to secure tho
large amount of straw that will be nec
essary.
Stanford Field is to be dry on Sat
urday afternoon, that is, there will be
only a negligible amount of moisture
in the closely matted turf. No one
essential more important than a dry
field for Saturday's game could be
named, and the anticipated result of
Graduate Manager Wilcox's efforts will
be hailed with joy by the fans.
The field is to be completely covered
with straw to a depth of at least one
foot, and this is expected to absorb
anything less than a cloudburst. The
straw will be scattered loosely over
the turf, and will not be disturbed un
til the morning of the game, when it
can be raked quickly to one side.
This method of protecting the turf
from the rain is often used in New
Zealand, and it was at the suggestion
of one of the All Blacks that the Grad
uate Manager took steps to secure tho
large amount of straw that will be nec
essary.
Stanford Field is to be dry on Sat
urday afternoon, that is, there will be
only a negligible amount of moisture
in the closely matted turf. No one
essential more important than a dry
field for Saturday's game could be
named, and the anticipated result of
Graduate Manager Wilcox's efforts will
be hailed with joy by the fans.
The field is to be completely covered
with straw to a depth of at least one
foot, and this is expected to absorb
anything less than a cloudburst. The
straw will be scattered loosely over
the turf, and will not be disturbed un
til the morning of the game, when it
can be raked quickly to one side.
This method of protecting the turf
from the rain is often used in New
Zealand, and it was at the suggestion
of one of the All Blacks that the Grad
uate Manager took steps to secure tho
large amount of straw that will be nec
essary.
Stanford Field is to be dry on Sat
urday afternoon, that is, there will be
only a negligible amount of moisture
in the closely matted turf. No one
essential more important than a dry
field for Saturday's game could be
named, and the anticipated result of
Graduate Manager Wilcox's efforts will
be hailed with joy by the fans.
The field is to be completely covered
with straw to a depth of at least one
foot, and this is expected to absorb
anything less than a cloudburst. The
straw will be scattered loosely over
the turf, and will not be disturbed un
til the morning of the game, when it
can be raked quickly to one side.
This method of protecting the turf
from the rain is often used in New
Zealand, and it was at the suggestion
of one of the All Blacks that the Grad
uate Manager took steps to secure tho
large amount of straw that will be nec
essary.
Stanford Field is to be dry on Sat
urday afternoon, that is, there will be
only a negligible amount of moisture
in the closely matted turf. No one
essential more important than a dry
field for Saturday's game could be
named, and the anticipated result of
Graduate Manager Wilcox's efforts will
be hailed with joy by the fans.
The field is to be completely covered
with straw to a depth of at least one
foot, and this is expected to absorb
anything less than a cloudburst. The
straw will be scattered loosely over
the turf, and will not be disturbed un
til the morning of the game, when it
can be raked quickly to one side.
This method of protecting the turf
from the rain is often used in New
Zealand, and it was at the suggestion
of one of the All Blacks that the Grad
uate Manager took steps to secure tho
large amount of straw that will be nec
essary.
