# Tennis Finals Postponed.
## 
### 
The tennis match for the inter-club
doubles title, scheduled for this after
noon, has been postponed owing to the
rain.
The tennis match for the inter-club
doubles title, scheduled for this after
noon, has been postponed owing to the
rain.
The tennis match for the inter-club
doubles title, scheduled for this after
noon, has been postponed owing to the
rain.
The tennis match for the inter-club
doubles title, scheduled for this after
noon, has been postponed owing to the
rain.
The tennis match for the inter-club
doubles title, scheduled for this after
noon, has been postponed owing to the
rain.
The tennis match for the inter-club
doubles title, scheduled for this after
noon, has been postponed owing to the
rain.
The tennis match for the inter-club
doubles title, scheduled for this after
noon, has been postponed owing to the
rain.
The tennis match for the inter-club
doubles title, scheduled for this after
noon, has been postponed owing to the
rain.
The tennis match for the inter-club
doubles title, scheduled for this after
noon, has been postponed owing to the
rain.
The tennis match for the inter-club
doubles title, scheduled for this after
noon, has been postponed owing to the
rain.
The tennis match for the inter-club
doubles title, scheduled for this after
noon, has been postponed owing to the
rain.
The tennis match for the inter-club
doubles title, scheduled for this after
noon, has been postponed owing to the
rain.
The tennis match for the inter-club
doubles title, scheduled for this after
noon, has been postponed owing to the
rain.
The tennis match for the inter-club
doubles title, scheduled for this after
noon, has been postponed owing to the
rain.
