# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Vic Lindskog
is this weeks winner of
The Kecblc Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the U.S.F.
Came.
David Keeble
323 U nivcrsitv
Vic Lindskog
is this weeks winner of
The Kecblc Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the U.S.F.
Came.
David Keeble
323 U nivcrsitv
Vic Lindskog
is this weeks winner of
The Kecblc Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the U.S.F.
Came.
David Keeble
323 U nivcrsitv
Vic Lindskog
is this weeks winner of
The Kecblc Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the U.S.F.
Came.
David Keeble
323 U nivcrsitv
Vic Lindskog
is this weeks winner of
The Kecblc Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the U.S.F.
Came.
David Keeble
323 U nivcrsitv
Vic Lindskog
is this weeks winner of
The Kecblc Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the U.S.F.
Came.
David Keeble
323 U nivcrsitv
Vic Lindskog
is this weeks winner of
The Kecblc Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the U.S.F.
Came.
David Keeble
323 U nivcrsitv
Vic Lindskog
is this weeks winner of
The Kecblc Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the U.S.F.
Came.
David Keeble
323 U nivcrsitv
Vic Lindskog
is this weeks winner of
The Kecblc Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the U.S.F.
Came.
David Keeble
323 U nivcrsitv
Vic Lindskog
is this weeks winner of
The Kecblc Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the U.S.F.
Came.
David Keeble
323 U nivcrsitv
Vic Lindskog
is this weeks winner of
The Kecblc Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the U.S.F.
Came.
David Keeble
323 U nivcrsitv
Vic Lindskog
is this weeks winner of
The Kecblc Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the U.S.F.
Came.
David Keeble
323 U nivcrsitv
Vic Lindskog
is this weeks winner of
The Kecblc Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the U.S.F.
Came.
David Keeble
323 U nivcrsitv
Vic Lindskog
is this weeks winner of
The Kecblc Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the U.S.F.
Came.
David Keeble
323 U nivcrsitv
Vic Lindskog
is this weeks winner of
The Kecblc Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the U.S.F.
Came.
David Keeble
323 U nivcrsitv
Vic Lindskog
is this weeks winner of
The Kecblc Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the U.S.F.
Came.
David Keeble
323 U nivcrsitv
Vic Lindskog
is this weeks winner of
The Kecblc Pen Award
for his outstanding per
formance in the U.S.F.
Came.
David Keeble
323 U nivcrsitv
