# U.S. Citizens Flee Far East
## Applications Flood Shipping Companies 
### 
SHANGHAI, Tuesday, Oct. 1
(UP). â€” Shipping companies were
flooded with applications for trans
portation today, mainly for Ameri
can women and children going home
due to conditions in the Far East.
Other Americans, not yet ready to
evacuate, were shipping valuables
to the United States.
The Standard Oil Company of
New York and other large American
firms here forbade employees bring
ing their families to the Orient
pending the outcome of the Pacific
crisis.
It was understood United States
naval authorities Tiad banned fami
lies of naval men from coming to
the Far East, although as yet there
had been no order to evacuate those
already here.
Several American firms received
instructions from New Yoik to keep
commitments as low as possible in
view of the crisis, aggravated by
conclusion of the German-Italian-
Japanese military alliance.
This development came as Rear
Admiral Thomas C. Hart, com
mander-in-chief of the United
States Asiatic Fleet, protested to
Japanese authorities over the beat
ing of an American sailor who was
taken into custody by Japanese gen
darmes on a charge of intoxication.
Reliable informants said the sailor,
since released, was beaten to ob
tain information regarding the
whereabouts of certain American
warships.
Foreign residents were fearful a
crisis was brewing in the Inter
national Settlement. Minor vio
lence accompanied several rtsikes,
said to have been fomented by
Japanese agents.
In the Japanese-controlled sec
tion, a Japanese army officer was
killed last night and two other
Japanese officers were reported to
have been killed. Japanese made a
house-to-house search and Chinese
were terrorized, fearing reprisals.
