# DUCE EXAMINES ADOLPH'S GIFT
## 
### 

HERE'S TIIE LATEST thing in gifts in Europe—an armored train
equipped with anti-aircraft guns such as this. Italy's Mussolini in
spects a recent present from his axis partner, Adolph Hitler. It is
said that II Duce will travel in this train to Spain now that that
country has been brought into the Axis.

HERE'S TIIE LATEST thing in gifts in Europe—an armored train
equipped with anti-aircraft guns such as this. Italy's Mussolini in
spects a recent present from his axis partner, Adolph Hitler. It is
said that II Duce will travel in this train to Spain now that that
country has been brought into the Axis.

HERE'S TIIE LATEST thing in gifts in Europe—an armored train
equipped with anti-aircraft guns such as this. Italy's Mussolini in
spects a recent present from his axis partner, Adolph Hitler. It is
said that II Duce will travel in this train to Spain now that that
country has been brought into the Axis.

HERE'S TIIE LATEST thing in gifts in Europe—an armored train
equipped with anti-aircraft guns such as this. Italy's Mussolini in
spects a recent present from his axis partner, Adolph Hitler. It is
said that II Duce will travel in this train to Spain now that that
country has been brought into the Axis.

HERE'S TIIE LATEST thing in gifts in Europe—an armored train
equipped with anti-aircraft guns such as this. Italy's Mussolini in
spects a recent present from his axis partner, Adolph Hitler. It is
said that II Duce will travel in this train to Spain now that that
country has been brought into the Axis.

HERE'S TIIE LATEST thing in gifts in Europe—an armored train
equipped with anti-aircraft guns such as this. Italy's Mussolini in
spects a recent present from his axis partner, Adolph Hitler. It is
said that II Duce will travel in this train to Spain now that that
country has been brought into the Axis.

HERE'S TIIE LATEST thing in gifts in Europe—an armored train
equipped with anti-aircraft guns such as this. Italy's Mussolini in
spects a recent present from his axis partner, Adolph Hitler. It is
said that II Duce will travel in this train to Spain now that that
country has been brought into the Axis.

HERE'S TIIE LATEST thing in gifts in Europe—an armored train
equipped with anti-aircraft guns such as this. Italy's Mussolini in
spects a recent present from his axis partner, Adolph Hitler. It is
said that II Duce will travel in this train to Spain now that that
country has been brought into the Axis.

HERE'S TIIE LATEST thing in gifts in Europe—an armored train
equipped with anti-aircraft guns such as this. Italy's Mussolini in
spects a recent present from his axis partner, Adolph Hitler. It is
said that II Duce will travel in this train to Spain now that that
country has been brought into the Axis.

HERE'S TIIE LATEST thing in gifts in Europe—an armored train
equipped with anti-aircraft guns such as this. Italy's Mussolini in
spects a recent present from his axis partner, Adolph Hitler. It is
said that II Duce will travel in this train to Spain now that that
country has been brought into the Axis.

HERE'S TIIE LATEST thing in gifts in Europe—an armored train
equipped with anti-aircraft guns such as this. Italy's Mussolini in
spects a recent present from his axis partner, Adolph Hitler. It is
said that II Duce will travel in this train to Spain now that that
country has been brought into the Axis.

HERE'S TIIE LATEST thing in gifts in Europe—an armored train
equipped with anti-aircraft guns such as this. Italy's Mussolini in
spects a recent present from his axis partner, Adolph Hitler. It is
said that II Duce will travel in this train to Spain now that that
country has been brought into the Axis.

HERE'S TIIE LATEST thing in gifts in Europe—an armored train
equipped with anti-aircraft guns such as this. Italy's Mussolini in
spects a recent present from his axis partner, Adolph Hitler. It is
said that II Duce will travel in this train to Spain now that that
country has been brought into the Axis.

HERE'S TIIE LATEST thing in gifts in Europe—an armored train
equipped with anti-aircraft guns such as this. Italy's Mussolini in
spects a recent present from his axis partner, Adolph Hitler. It is
said that II Duce will travel in this train to Spain now that that
country has been brought into the Axis.

HERE'S TIIE LATEST thing in gifts in Europe—an armored train
equipped with anti-aircraft guns such as this. Italy's Mussolini in
spects a recent present from his axis partner, Adolph Hitler. It is
said that II Duce will travel in this train to Spain now that that
country has been brought into the Axis.

HERE'S TIIE LATEST thing in gifts in Europe—an armored train
equipped with anti-aircraft guns such as this. Italy's Mussolini in
spects a recent present from his axis partner, Adolph Hitler. It is
said that II Duce will travel in this train to Spain now that that
country has been brought into the Axis.

HERE'S TIIE LATEST thing in gifts in Europe—an armored train
equipped with anti-aircraft guns such as this. Italy's Mussolini in
spects a recent present from his axis partner, Adolph Hitler. It is
said that II Duce will travel in this train to Spain now that that
country has been brought into the Axis.
