# BRITISH TANKS ON LYBIAN FRONTIER
## 
### 

THE TEMPO OF ACTIVITIES in Africa increases, with the Italians advancing m Egypt and the British
shelling Dakar. Senegal. Above is a crew ol a Hritish tank cleaning the equipment on the desert, in an
advanced area on the IJhian frontier. (Picture passed l>> Hritish censor.)

THE TEMPO OF ACTIVITIES in Africa increases, with the Italians advancing m Egypt and the British
shelling Dakar. Senegal. Above is a crew ol a Hritish tank cleaning the equipment on the desert, in an
advanced area on the IJhian frontier. (Picture passed l>> Hritish censor.)

THE TEMPO OF ACTIVITIES in Africa increases, with the Italians advancing m Egypt and the British
shelling Dakar. Senegal. Above is a crew ol a Hritish tank cleaning the equipment on the desert, in an
advanced area on the IJhian frontier. (Picture passed l>> Hritish censor.)

THE TEMPO OF ACTIVITIES in Africa increases, with the Italians advancing m Egypt and the British
shelling Dakar. Senegal. Above is a crew ol a Hritish tank cleaning the equipment on the desert, in an
advanced area on the IJhian frontier. (Picture passed l>> Hritish censor.)

THE TEMPO OF ACTIVITIES in Africa increases, with the Italians advancing m Egypt and the British
shelling Dakar. Senegal. Above is a crew ol a Hritish tank cleaning the equipment on the desert, in an
advanced area on the IJhian frontier. (Picture passed l>> Hritish censor.)

THE TEMPO OF ACTIVITIES in Africa increases, with the Italians advancing m Egypt and the British
shelling Dakar. Senegal. Above is a crew ol a Hritish tank cleaning the equipment on the desert, in an
advanced area on the IJhian frontier. (Picture passed l>> Hritish censor.)

THE TEMPO OF ACTIVITIES in Africa increases, with the Italians advancing m Egypt and the British
shelling Dakar. Senegal. Above is a crew ol a Hritish tank cleaning the equipment on the desert, in an
advanced area on the IJhian frontier. (Picture passed l>> Hritish censor.)

THE TEMPO OF ACTIVITIES in Africa increases, with the Italians advancing m Egypt and the British
shelling Dakar. Senegal. Above is a crew ol a Hritish tank cleaning the equipment on the desert, in an
advanced area on the IJhian frontier. (Picture passed l>> Hritish censor.)

THE TEMPO OF ACTIVITIES in Africa increases, with the Italians advancing m Egypt and the British
shelling Dakar. Senegal. Above is a crew ol a Hritish tank cleaning the equipment on the desert, in an
advanced area on the IJhian frontier. (Picture passed l>> Hritish censor.)

THE TEMPO OF ACTIVITIES in Africa increases, with the Italians advancing m Egypt and the British
shelling Dakar. Senegal. Above is a crew ol a Hritish tank cleaning the equipment on the desert, in an
advanced area on the IJhian frontier. (Picture passed l>> Hritish censor.)

THE TEMPO OF ACTIVITIES in Africa increases, with the Italians advancing m Egypt and the British
shelling Dakar. Senegal. Above is a crew ol a Hritish tank cleaning the equipment on the desert, in an
advanced area on the IJhian frontier. (Picture passed l>> Hritish censor.)

THE TEMPO OF ACTIVITIES in Africa increases, with the Italians advancing m Egypt and the British
shelling Dakar. Senegal. Above is a crew ol a Hritish tank cleaning the equipment on the desert, in an
advanced area on the IJhian frontier. (Picture passed l>> Hritish censor.)

THE TEMPO OF ACTIVITIES in Africa increases, with the Italians advancing m Egypt and the British
shelling Dakar. Senegal. Above is a crew ol a Hritish tank cleaning the equipment on the desert, in an
advanced area on the IJhian frontier. (Picture passed l>> Hritish censor.)

THE TEMPO OF ACTIVITIES in Africa increases, with the Italians advancing m Egypt and the British
shelling Dakar. Senegal. Above is a crew ol a Hritish tank cleaning the equipment on the desert, in an
advanced area on the IJhian frontier. (Picture passed l>> Hritish censor.)

THE TEMPO OF ACTIVITIES in Africa increases, with the Italians advancing m Egypt and the British
shelling Dakar. Senegal. Above is a crew ol a Hritish tank cleaning the equipment on the desert, in an
advanced area on the IJhian frontier. (Picture passed l>> Hritish censor.)

THE TEMPO OF ACTIVITIES in Africa increases, with the Italians advancing m Egypt and the British
shelling Dakar. Senegal. Above is a crew ol a Hritish tank cleaning the equipment on the desert, in an
advanced area on the IJhian frontier. (Picture passed l>> Hritish censor.)

THE TEMPO OF ACTIVITIES in Africa increases, with the Italians advancing m Egypt and the British
shelling Dakar. Senegal. Above is a crew ol a Hritish tank cleaning the equipment on the desert, in an
advanced area on the IJhian frontier. (Picture passed l>> Hritish censor.)
