# ASKS SPORTS CO-OPERATION
## 
### 
MONTREAL, Sept. 30 (UP). —
Canada's War Services Minister,
J. H. Gardiner, has asked sports
bodies to co-operate with the war
effort and many games will be de
voted to Red Cross.
MONTREAL, Sept. 30 (UP). —
Canada's War Services Minister,
J. H. Gardiner, has asked sports
bodies to co-operate with the war
effort and many games will be de
voted to Red Cross.
MONTREAL, Sept. 30 (UP). —
Canada's War Services Minister,
J. H. Gardiner, has asked sports
bodies to co-operate with the war
effort and many games will be de
voted to Red Cross.
MONTREAL, Sept. 30 (UP). —
Canada's War Services Minister,
J. H. Gardiner, has asked sports
bodies to co-operate with the war
effort and many games will be de
voted to Red Cross.
MONTREAL, Sept. 30 (UP). —
Canada's War Services Minister,
J. H. Gardiner, has asked sports
bodies to co-operate with the war
effort and many games will be de
voted to Red Cross.
MONTREAL, Sept. 30 (UP). —
Canada's War Services Minister,
J. H. Gardiner, has asked sports
bodies to co-operate with the war
effort and many games will be de
voted to Red Cross.
MONTREAL, Sept. 30 (UP). —
Canada's War Services Minister,
J. H. Gardiner, has asked sports
bodies to co-operate with the war
effort and many games will be de
voted to Red Cross.
MONTREAL, Sept. 30 (UP). —
Canada's War Services Minister,
J. H. Gardiner, has asked sports
bodies to co-operate with the war
effort and many games will be de
voted to Red Cross.
MONTREAL, Sept. 30 (UP). —
Canada's War Services Minister,
J. H. Gardiner, has asked sports
bodies to co-operate with the war
effort and many games will be de
voted to Red Cross.
MONTREAL, Sept. 30 (UP). —
Canada's War Services Minister,
J. H. Gardiner, has asked sports
bodies to co-operate with the war
effort and many games will be de
voted to Red Cross.
MONTREAL, Sept. 30 (UP). —
Canada's War Services Minister,
J. H. Gardiner, has asked sports
bodies to co-operate with the war
effort and many games will be de
voted to Red Cross.
MONTREAL, Sept. 30 (UP). —
Canada's War Services Minister,
J. H. Gardiner, has asked sports
bodies to co-operate with the war
effort and many games will be de
voted to Red Cross.
MONTREAL, Sept. 30 (UP). —
Canada's War Services Minister,
J. H. Gardiner, has asked sports
bodies to co-operate with the war
effort and many games will be de
voted to Red Cross.
MONTREAL, Sept. 30 (UP). —
Canada's War Services Minister,
J. H. Gardiner, has asked sports
bodies to co-operate with the war
effort and many games will be de
voted to Red Cross.
MONTREAL, Sept. 30 (UP). —
Canada's War Services Minister,
J. H. Gardiner, has asked sports
bodies to co-operate with the war
effort and many games will be de
voted to Red Cross.
MONTREAL, Sept. 30 (UP). —
Canada's War Services Minister,
J. H. Gardiner, has asked sports
bodies to co-operate with the war
effort and many games will be de
voted to Red Cross.
MONTREAL, Sept. 30 (UP). —
Canada's War Services Minister,
J. H. Gardiner, has asked sports
bodies to co-operate with the war
effort and many games will be de
voted to Red Cross.
