# Adv. 10 Page 7
## 
### 
BLOOM'S
263 University Ave.
San Jose Palo Alto
I he Friar!
A swanky round toe
tie for town wear
As shown above in brown,
black, green, burgundy
suede
* 6 85
Others at 5.00 fro
8.50
BLOOM'S
263 University Ave.
San Jose Palo Alto
I he Friar!
A swanky round toe
tie for town wear
As shown above in brown,
black, green, burgundy
suede
* 6 85
Others at 5.00 fro
8.50
BLOOM'S
263 University Ave.
San Jose Palo Alto
I he Friar!
A swanky round toe
tie for town wear
As shown above in brown,
black, green, burgundy
suede
* 6 85
Others at 5.00 fro
8.50
BLOOM'S
263 University Ave.
San Jose Palo Alto
I he Friar!
A swanky round toe
tie for town wear
As shown above in brown,
black, green, burgundy
suede
* 6 85
Others at 5.00 fro
8.50
BLOOM'S
263 University Ave.
San Jose Palo Alto
I he Friar!
A swanky round toe
tie for town wear
As shown above in brown,
black, green, burgundy
suede
* 6 85
Others at 5.00 fro
8.50
BLOOM'S
263 University Ave.
San Jose Palo Alto
I he Friar!
A swanky round toe
tie for town wear
As shown above in brown,
black, green, burgundy
suede
* 6 85
Others at 5.00 fro
8.50
BLOOM'S
263 University Ave.
San Jose Palo Alto
I he Friar!
A swanky round toe
tie for town wear
As shown above in brown,
black, green, burgundy
suede
* 6 85
Others at 5.00 fro
8.50
BLOOM'S
263 University Ave.
San Jose Palo Alto
I he Friar!
A swanky round toe
tie for town wear
As shown above in brown,
black, green, burgundy
suede
* 6 85
Others at 5.00 fro
8.50
BLOOM'S
263 University Ave.
San Jose Palo Alto
I he Friar!
A swanky round toe
tie for town wear
As shown above in brown,
black, green, burgundy
suede
* 6 85
Others at 5.00 fro
8.50
BLOOM'S
263 University Ave.
San Jose Palo Alto
I he Friar!
A swanky round toe
tie for town wear
As shown above in brown,
black, green, burgundy
suede
* 6 85
Others at 5.00 fro
8.50
BLOOM'S
263 University Ave.
San Jose Palo Alto
I he Friar!
A swanky round toe
tie for town wear
As shown above in brown,
black, green, burgundy
suede
* 6 85
Others at 5.00 fro
8.50
BLOOM'S
263 University Ave.
San Jose Palo Alto
I he Friar!
A swanky round toe
tie for town wear
As shown above in brown,
black, green, burgundy
suede
* 6 85
Others at 5.00 fro
8.50
BLOOM'S
263 University Ave.
San Jose Palo Alto
I he Friar!
A swanky round toe
tie for town wear
As shown above in brown,
black, green, burgundy
suede
* 6 85
Others at 5.00 fro
8.50
BLOOM'S
263 University Ave.
San Jose Palo Alto
I he Friar!
A swanky round toe
tie for town wear
As shown above in brown,
black, green, burgundy
suede
* 6 85
Others at 5.00 fro
8.50
BLOOM'S
263 University Ave.
San Jose Palo Alto
I he Friar!
A swanky round toe
tie for town wear
As shown above in brown,
black, green, burgundy
suede
* 6 85
Others at 5.00 fro
8.50
BLOOM'S
263 University Ave.
San Jose Palo Alto
I he Friar!
A swanky round toe
tie for town wear
As shown above in brown,
black, green, burgundy
suede
* 6 85
Others at 5.00 fro
8.50
