# Adv. 25 Page 10
## 
### 
THE A.S.S.U.
Concert
Series
Presents
OCTOBER 29
KATHRYN
MESSLE
©
JANUARY 28
SERGFi
RACHMANINOFF
FEBRUARY 10
SAN FRANCISCO
SYMPHONY
MARCH 11
WILBUR
EVANS
O
APRIL 16
LAWRENCE
TIBBETT
Student Season
Prices
$2, $3. $4
•
Tickets on sale Registra
tion Day in front of Ad
ministration Building, or
thereafter at Concert Se
ries Office in Old Union.
THE A.S.S.U.
Concert
Series
Presents
OCTOBER 29
KATHRYN
MESSLE
©
JANUARY 28
SERGFi
RACHMANINOFF
FEBRUARY 10
SAN FRANCISCO
SYMPHONY
MARCH 11
WILBUR
EVANS
O
APRIL 16
LAWRENCE
TIBBETT
Student Season
Prices
$2, $3. $4
•
Tickets on sale Registra
tion Day in front of Ad
ministration Building, or
thereafter at Concert Se
ries Office in Old Union.
THE A.S.S.U.
Concert
Series
Presents
OCTOBER 29
KATHRYN
MESSLE
©
JANUARY 28
SERGFi
RACHMANINOFF
FEBRUARY 10
SAN FRANCISCO
SYMPHONY
MARCH 11
WILBUR
EVANS
O
APRIL 16
LAWRENCE
TIBBETT
Student Season
Prices
$2, $3. $4
•
Tickets on sale Registra
tion Day in front of Ad
ministration Building, or
thereafter at Concert Se
ries Office in Old Union.
THE A.S.S.U.
Concert
Series
Presents
OCTOBER 29
KATHRYN
MESSLE
©
JANUARY 28
SERGFi
RACHMANINOFF
FEBRUARY 10
SAN FRANCISCO
SYMPHONY
MARCH 11
WILBUR
EVANS
O
APRIL 16
LAWRENCE
TIBBETT
Student Season
Prices
$2, $3. $4
•
Tickets on sale Registra
tion Day in front of Ad
ministration Building, or
thereafter at Concert Se
ries Office in Old Union.
THE A.S.S.U.
Concert
Series
Presents
OCTOBER 29
KATHRYN
MESSLE
©
JANUARY 28
SERGFi
RACHMANINOFF
FEBRUARY 10
SAN FRANCISCO
SYMPHONY
MARCH 11
WILBUR
EVANS
O
APRIL 16
LAWRENCE
TIBBETT
Student Season
Prices
$2, $3. $4
•
Tickets on sale Registra
tion Day in front of Ad
ministration Building, or
thereafter at Concert Se
ries Office in Old Union.
THE A.S.S.U.
Concert
Series
Presents
OCTOBER 29
KATHRYN
MESSLE
©
JANUARY 28
SERGFi
RACHMANINOFF
FEBRUARY 10
SAN FRANCISCO
SYMPHONY
MARCH 11
WILBUR
EVANS
O
APRIL 16
LAWRENCE
TIBBETT
Student Season
Prices
$2, $3. $4
•
Tickets on sale Registra
tion Day in front of Ad
ministration Building, or
thereafter at Concert Se
ries Office in Old Union.
THE A.S.S.U.
Concert
Series
Presents
OCTOBER 29
KATHRYN
MESSLE
©
JANUARY 28
SERGFi
RACHMANINOFF
FEBRUARY 10
SAN FRANCISCO
SYMPHONY
MARCH 11
WILBUR
EVANS
O
APRIL 16
LAWRENCE
TIBBETT
Student Season
Prices
$2, $3. $4
•
Tickets on sale Registra
tion Day in front of Ad
ministration Building, or
thereafter at Concert Se
ries Office in Old Union.
THE A.S.S.U.
Concert
Series
Presents
OCTOBER 29
KATHRYN
MESSLE
©
JANUARY 28
SERGFi
RACHMANINOFF
FEBRUARY 10
SAN FRANCISCO
SYMPHONY
MARCH 11
WILBUR
EVANS
O
APRIL 16
LAWRENCE
TIBBETT
Student Season
Prices
$2, $3. $4
•
Tickets on sale Registra
tion Day in front of Ad
ministration Building, or
thereafter at Concert Se
ries Office in Old Union.
THE A.S.S.U.
Concert
Series
Presents
OCTOBER 29
KATHRYN
MESSLE
©
JANUARY 28
SERGFi
RACHMANINOFF
FEBRUARY 10
SAN FRANCISCO
SYMPHONY
MARCH 11
WILBUR
EVANS
O
APRIL 16
LAWRENCE
TIBBETT
Student Season
Prices
$2, $3. $4
•
Tickets on sale Registra
tion Day in front of Ad
ministration Building, or
thereafter at Concert Se
ries Office in Old Union.
THE A.S.S.U.
Concert
Series
Presents
OCTOBER 29
KATHRYN
MESSLE
©
JANUARY 28
SERGFi
RACHMANINOFF
FEBRUARY 10
SAN FRANCISCO
SYMPHONY
MARCH 11
WILBUR
EVANS
O
APRIL 16
LAWRENCE
TIBBETT
Student Season
Prices
$2, $3. $4
•
Tickets on sale Registra
tion Day in front of Ad
ministration Building, or
thereafter at Concert Se
ries Office in Old Union.
THE A.S.S.U.
Concert
Series
Presents
OCTOBER 29
KATHRYN
MESSLE
©
JANUARY 28
SERGFi
RACHMANINOFF
FEBRUARY 10
SAN FRANCISCO
SYMPHONY
MARCH 11
WILBUR
EVANS
O
APRIL 16
LAWRENCE
TIBBETT
Student Season
Prices
$2, $3. $4
•
Tickets on sale Registra
tion Day in front of Ad
ministration Building, or
thereafter at Concert Se
ries Office in Old Union.
THE A.S.S.U.
Concert
Series
Presents
OCTOBER 29
KATHRYN
MESSLE
©
JANUARY 28
SERGFi
RACHMANINOFF
FEBRUARY 10
SAN FRANCISCO
SYMPHONY
MARCH 11
WILBUR
EVANS
O
APRIL 16
LAWRENCE
TIBBETT
Student Season
Prices
$2, $3. $4
•
Tickets on sale Registra
tion Day in front of Ad
ministration Building, or
thereafter at Concert Se
ries Office in Old Union.
THE A.S.S.U.
Concert
Series
Presents
OCTOBER 29
KATHRYN
MESSLE
©
JANUARY 28
SERGFi
RACHMANINOFF
FEBRUARY 10
SAN FRANCISCO
SYMPHONY
MARCH 11
WILBUR
EVANS
O
APRIL 16
LAWRENCE
TIBBETT
Student Season
Prices
$2, $3. $4
•
Tickets on sale Registra
tion Day in front of Ad
ministration Building, or
thereafter at Concert Se
ries Office in Old Union.
THE A.S.S.U.
Concert
Series
Presents
OCTOBER 29
KATHRYN
MESSLE
©
JANUARY 28
SERGFi
RACHMANINOFF
FEBRUARY 10
SAN FRANCISCO
SYMPHONY
MARCH 11
WILBUR
EVANS
O
APRIL 16
LAWRENCE
TIBBETT
Student Season
Prices
$2, $3. $4
•
Tickets on sale Registra
tion Day in front of Ad
ministration Building, or
thereafter at Concert Se
ries Office in Old Union.
THE A.S.S.U.
Concert
Series
Presents
OCTOBER 29
KATHRYN
MESSLE
©
JANUARY 28
SERGFi
RACHMANINOFF
FEBRUARY 10
SAN FRANCISCO
SYMPHONY
MARCH 11
WILBUR
EVANS
O
APRIL 16
LAWRENCE
TIBBETT
Student Season
Prices
$2, $3. $4
•
Tickets on sale Registra
tion Day in front of Ad
ministration Building, or
thereafter at Concert Se
ries Office in Old Union.
THE A.S.S.U.
Concert
Series
Presents
OCTOBER 29
KATHRYN
MESSLE
©
JANUARY 28
SERGFi
RACHMANINOFF
FEBRUARY 10
SAN FRANCISCO
SYMPHONY
MARCH 11
WILBUR
EVANS
O
APRIL 16
LAWRENCE
TIBBETT
Student Season
Prices
$2, $3. $4
•
Tickets on sale Registra
tion Day in front of Ad
ministration Building, or
thereafter at Concert Se
ries Office in Old Union.
