# TENNIS COURTS REDONE
## 
### 
Farm tennis enthusiasts will be
delighted to know that the eight
courts to the east of the Pavilion
have been completely done over —
new paving, lining, fences, and
nets.

Only six men understand (he lat
est mathematical theory of the uni
verse—just the fellows to balance
the budget. — University Daily
Kansan.
Farm tennis enthusiasts will be
delighted to know that the eight
courts to the east of the Pavilion
have been completely done over —
new paving, lining, fences, and
nets.

Only six men understand (he lat
est mathematical theory of the uni
verse—just the fellows to balance
the budget. — University Daily
Kansan.
Farm tennis enthusiasts will be
delighted to know that the eight
courts to the east of the Pavilion
have been completely done over —
new paving, lining, fences, and
nets.

Only six men understand (he lat
est mathematical theory of the uni
verse—just the fellows to balance
the budget. — University Daily
Kansan.
Farm tennis enthusiasts will be
delighted to know that the eight
courts to the east of the Pavilion
have been completely done over —
new paving, lining, fences, and
nets.

Only six men understand (he lat
est mathematical theory of the uni
verse—just the fellows to balance
the budget. — University Daily
Kansan.
Farm tennis enthusiasts will be
delighted to know that the eight
courts to the east of the Pavilion
have been completely done over —
new paving, lining, fences, and
nets.

Only six men understand (he lat
est mathematical theory of the uni
verse—just the fellows to balance
the budget. — University Daily
Kansan.
Farm tennis enthusiasts will be
delighted to know that the eight
courts to the east of the Pavilion
have been completely done over —
new paving, lining, fences, and
nets.

Only six men understand (he lat
est mathematical theory of the uni
verse—just the fellows to balance
the budget. — University Daily
Kansan.
Farm tennis enthusiasts will be
delighted to know that the eight
courts to the east of the Pavilion
have been completely done over —
new paving, lining, fences, and
nets.

Only six men understand (he lat
est mathematical theory of the uni
verse—just the fellows to balance
the budget. — University Daily
Kansan.
Farm tennis enthusiasts will be
delighted to know that the eight
courts to the east of the Pavilion
have been completely done over —
new paving, lining, fences, and
nets.

Only six men understand (he lat
est mathematical theory of the uni
verse—just the fellows to balance
the budget. — University Daily
Kansan.
Farm tennis enthusiasts will be
delighted to know that the eight
courts to the east of the Pavilion
have been completely done over —
new paving, lining, fences, and
nets.

Only six men understand (he lat
est mathematical theory of the uni
verse—just the fellows to balance
the budget. — University Daily
Kansan.
Farm tennis enthusiasts will be
delighted to know that the eight
courts to the east of the Pavilion
have been completely done over —
new paving, lining, fences, and
nets.

Only six men understand (he lat
est mathematical theory of the uni
verse—just the fellows to balance
the budget. — University Daily
Kansan.
Farm tennis enthusiasts will be
delighted to know that the eight
courts to the east of the Pavilion
have been completely done over —
new paving, lining, fences, and
nets.

Only six men understand (he lat
est mathematical theory of the uni
verse—just the fellows to balance
the budget. — University Daily
Kansan.
Farm tennis enthusiasts will be
delighted to know that the eight
courts to the east of the Pavilion
have been completely done over —
new paving, lining, fences, and
nets.

Only six men understand (he lat
est mathematical theory of the uni
verse—just the fellows to balance
the budget. — University Daily
Kansan.
Farm tennis enthusiasts will be
delighted to know that the eight
courts to the east of the Pavilion
have been completely done over —
new paving, lining, fences, and
nets.

Only six men understand (he lat
est mathematical theory of the uni
verse—just the fellows to balance
the budget. — University Daily
Kansan.
Farm tennis enthusiasts will be
delighted to know that the eight
courts to the east of the Pavilion
have been completely done over —
new paving, lining, fences, and
nets.

Only six men understand (he lat
est mathematical theory of the uni
verse—just the fellows to balance
the budget. — University Daily
Kansan.
Farm tennis enthusiasts will be
delighted to know that the eight
courts to the east of the Pavilion
have been completely done over —
new paving, lining, fences, and
nets.

Only six men understand (he lat
est mathematical theory of the uni
verse—just the fellows to balance
the budget. — University Daily
Kansan.
Farm tennis enthusiasts will be
delighted to know that the eight
courts to the east of the Pavilion
have been completely done over —
new paving, lining, fences, and
nets.

Only six men understand (he lat
est mathematical theory of the uni
verse—just the fellows to balance
the budget. — University Daily
Kansan.
