# Adv. 41 Page 16
## 
### 
lOotV*
*|0^ e Ta<*
GRAND ?a<V
Opening ?a<
25%
OFF \
all portraits 1
SAVE *
(NAT on all
weddings
OUR NEW LOCATION
2033 El Camino Real
near Stanford Ave ie
call for appointment i
321-7967
lOotV*
*|0^ e Ta<*
GRAND ?a<V
Opening ?a<
25%
OFF \
all portraits 1
SAVE *
(NAT on all
weddings
OUR NEW LOCATION
2033 El Camino Real
near Stanford Ave ie
call for appointment i
321-7967
lOotV*
*|0^ e Ta<*
GRAND ?a<V
Opening ?a<
25%
OFF \
all portraits 1
SAVE *
(NAT on all
weddings
OUR NEW LOCATION
2033 El Camino Real
near Stanford Ave ie
call for appointment i
321-7967
lOotV*
*|0^ e Ta<*
GRAND ?a<V
Opening ?a<
25%
OFF \
all portraits 1
SAVE *
(NAT on all
weddings
OUR NEW LOCATION
2033 El Camino Real
near Stanford Ave ie
call for appointment i
321-7967
lOotV*
*|0^ e Ta<*
GRAND ?a<V
Opening ?a<
25%
OFF \
all portraits 1
SAVE *
(NAT on all
weddings
OUR NEW LOCATION
2033 El Camino Real
near Stanford Ave ie
call for appointment i
321-7967
lOotV*
*|0^ e Ta<*
GRAND ?a<V
Opening ?a<
25%
OFF \
all portraits 1
SAVE *
(NAT on all
weddings
OUR NEW LOCATION
2033 El Camino Real
near Stanford Ave ie
call for appointment i
321-7967
lOotV*
*|0^ e Ta<*
GRAND ?a<V
Opening ?a<
25%
OFF \
all portraits 1
SAVE *
(NAT on all
weddings
OUR NEW LOCATION
2033 El Camino Real
near Stanford Ave ie
call for appointment i
321-7967
lOotV*
*|0^ e Ta<*
GRAND ?a<V
Opening ?a<
25%
OFF \
all portraits 1
SAVE *
(NAT on all
weddings
OUR NEW LOCATION
2033 El Camino Real
near Stanford Ave ie
call for appointment i
321-7967
lOotV*
*|0^ e Ta<*
GRAND ?a<V
Opening ?a<
25%
OFF \
all portraits 1
SAVE *
(NAT on all
weddings
OUR NEW LOCATION
2033 El Camino Real
near Stanford Ave ie
call for appointment i
321-7967
lOotV*
*|0^ e Ta<*
GRAND ?a<V
Opening ?a<
25%
OFF \
all portraits 1
SAVE *
(NAT on all
weddings
OUR NEW LOCATION
2033 El Camino Real
near Stanford Ave ie
call for appointment i
321-7967
lOotV*
*|0^ e Ta<*
GRAND ?a<V
Opening ?a<
25%
OFF \
all portraits 1
SAVE *
(NAT on all
weddings
OUR NEW LOCATION
2033 El Camino Real
near Stanford Ave ie
call for appointment i
321-7967
lOotV*
*|0^ e Ta<*
GRAND ?a<V
Opening ?a<
25%
OFF \
all portraits 1
SAVE *
(NAT on all
weddings
OUR NEW LOCATION
2033 El Camino Real
near Stanford Ave ie
call for appointment i
321-7967
lOotV*
*|0^ e Ta<*
GRAND ?a<V
Opening ?a<
25%
OFF \
all portraits 1
SAVE *
(NAT on all
weddings
OUR NEW LOCATION
2033 El Camino Real
near Stanford Ave ie
call for appointment i
321-7967
