# Subcommittee Positions
## 
### 
Anyone interested in
positions on any University
committee or subcommittee
should contact the ASSU
office.
Anyone interested in
positions on any University
committee or subcommittee
should contact the ASSU
office.
Anyone interested in
positions on any University
committee or subcommittee
should contact the ASSU
office.
Anyone interested in
positions on any University
committee or subcommittee
should contact the ASSU
office.
Anyone interested in
positions on any University
committee or subcommittee
should contact the ASSU
office.
Anyone interested in
positions on any University
committee or subcommittee
should contact the ASSU
office.
Anyone interested in
positions on any University
committee or subcommittee
should contact the ASSU
office.
Anyone interested in
positions on any University
committee or subcommittee
should contact the ASSU
office.
Anyone interested in
positions on any University
committee or subcommittee
should contact the ASSU
office.
Anyone interested in
positions on any University
committee or subcommittee
should contact the ASSU
office.
Anyone interested in
positions on any University
committee or subcommittee
should contact the ASSU
office.
Anyone interested in
positions on any University
committee or subcommittee
should contact the ASSU
office.
Anyone interested in
positions on any University
committee or subcommittee
should contact the ASSU
office.
