# Sports Illustrated
## 
### 
This week's issue of Sports
Illustrated contains a special
seven page article on Stanford
titled Disciple of Another
Creed by Ron Finrite. The
article discusses Stanford's
image as an university, and
how that image reflects on its
attitude towards athletics.
This week's issue of Sports
Illustrated contains a special
seven page article on Stanford
titled Disciple of Another
Creed by Ron Finrite. The
article discusses Stanford's
image as an university, and
how that image reflects on its
attitude towards athletics.
This week's issue of Sports
Illustrated contains a special
seven page article on Stanford
titled Disciple of Another
Creed by Ron Finrite. The
article discusses Stanford's
image as an university, and
how that image reflects on its
attitude towards athletics.
This week's issue of Sports
Illustrated contains a special
seven page article on Stanford
titled Disciple of Another
Creed by Ron Finrite. The
article discusses Stanford's
image as an university, and
how that image reflects on its
attitude towards athletics.
This week's issue of Sports
Illustrated contains a special
seven page article on Stanford
titled Disciple of Another
Creed by Ron Finrite. The
article discusses Stanford's
image as an university, and
how that image reflects on its
attitude towards athletics.
This week's issue of Sports
Illustrated contains a special
seven page article on Stanford
titled Disciple of Another
Creed by Ron Finrite. The
article discusses Stanford's
image as an university, and
how that image reflects on its
attitude towards athletics.
This week's issue of Sports
Illustrated contains a special
seven page article on Stanford
titled Disciple of Another
Creed by Ron Finrite. The
article discusses Stanford's
image as an university, and
how that image reflects on its
attitude towards athletics.
This week's issue of Sports
Illustrated contains a special
seven page article on Stanford
titled Disciple of Another
Creed by Ron Finrite. The
article discusses Stanford's
image as an university, and
how that image reflects on its
attitude towards athletics.
This week's issue of Sports
Illustrated contains a special
seven page article on Stanford
titled Disciple of Another
Creed by Ron Finrite. The
article discusses Stanford's
image as an university, and
how that image reflects on its
attitude towards athletics.
This week's issue of Sports
Illustrated contains a special
seven page article on Stanford
titled Disciple of Another
Creed by Ron Finrite. The
article discusses Stanford's
image as an university, and
how that image reflects on its
attitude towards athletics.
This week's issue of Sports
Illustrated contains a special
seven page article on Stanford
titled Disciple of Another
Creed by Ron Finrite. The
article discusses Stanford's
image as an university, and
how that image reflects on its
attitude towards athletics.
This week's issue of Sports
Illustrated contains a special
seven page article on Stanford
titled Disciple of Another
Creed by Ron Finrite. The
article discusses Stanford's
image as an university, and
how that image reflects on its
attitude towards athletics.
This week's issue of Sports
Illustrated contains a special
seven page article on Stanford
titled Disciple of Another
Creed by Ron Finrite. The
article discusses Stanford's
image as an university, and
how that image reflects on its
attitude towards athletics.
