# Chorale, Soloists Offer Christmas Intermezzo
## 
### 
The Stanford Chorale and solo
ists will present the seventh an
nual Christmas Intermezzo in the
Bender Room of the Library, Sun
day at 4 and 8 p.m.
Prof. Harold Schmidt of the De
partment of Music will direct the
Chorale and soloists in the pro
gram of Christmas music, and
Prof. Virgil Whitaker, Chairman
of the English Department, will
read selections from Christmas
stories and poems.
The Intermezzo is free but
tickets are required for admis
sion. They are available now in
the Bender Room.
The Stanford Chorale and solo
ists will present the seventh an
nual Christmas Intermezzo in the
Bender Room of the Library, Sun
day at 4 and 8 p.m.
Prof. Harold Schmidt of the De
partment of Music will direct the
Chorale and soloists in the pro
gram of Christmas music, and
Prof. Virgil Whitaker, Chairman
of the English Department, will
read selections from Christmas
stories and poems.
The Intermezzo is free but
tickets are required for admis
sion. They are available now in
the Bender Room.
The Stanford Chorale and solo
ists will present the seventh an
nual Christmas Intermezzo in the
Bender Room of the Library, Sun
day at 4 and 8 p.m.
Prof. Harold Schmidt of the De
partment of Music will direct the
Chorale and soloists in the pro
gram of Christmas music, and
Prof. Virgil Whitaker, Chairman
of the English Department, will
read selections from Christmas
stories and poems.
The Intermezzo is free but
tickets are required for admis
sion. They are available now in
the Bender Room.
The Stanford Chorale and solo
ists will present the seventh an
nual Christmas Intermezzo in the
Bender Room of the Library, Sun
day at 4 and 8 p.m.
Prof. Harold Schmidt of the De
partment of Music will direct the
Chorale and soloists in the pro
gram of Christmas music, and
Prof. Virgil Whitaker, Chairman
of the English Department, will
read selections from Christmas
stories and poems.
The Intermezzo is free but
tickets are required for admis
sion. They are available now in
the Bender Room.
The Stanford Chorale and solo
ists will present the seventh an
nual Christmas Intermezzo in the
Bender Room of the Library, Sun
day at 4 and 8 p.m.
Prof. Harold Schmidt of the De
partment of Music will direct the
Chorale and soloists in the pro
gram of Christmas music, and
Prof. Virgil Whitaker, Chairman
of the English Department, will
read selections from Christmas
stories and poems.
The Intermezzo is free but
tickets are required for admis
sion. They are available now in
the Bender Room.
The Stanford Chorale and solo
ists will present the seventh an
nual Christmas Intermezzo in the
Bender Room of the Library, Sun
day at 4 and 8 p.m.
Prof. Harold Schmidt of the De
partment of Music will direct the
Chorale and soloists in the pro
gram of Christmas music, and
Prof. Virgil Whitaker, Chairman
of the English Department, will
read selections from Christmas
stories and poems.
The Intermezzo is free but
tickets are required for admis
sion. They are available now in
the Bender Room.
The Stanford Chorale and solo
ists will present the seventh an
nual Christmas Intermezzo in the
Bender Room of the Library, Sun
day at 4 and 8 p.m.
Prof. Harold Schmidt of the De
partment of Music will direct the
Chorale and soloists in the pro
gram of Christmas music, and
Prof. Virgil Whitaker, Chairman
of the English Department, will
read selections from Christmas
stories and poems.
The Intermezzo is free but
tickets are required for admis
sion. They are available now in
the Bender Room.
The Stanford Chorale and solo
ists will present the seventh an
nual Christmas Intermezzo in the
Bender Room of the Library, Sun
day at 4 and 8 p.m.
Prof. Harold Schmidt of the De
partment of Music will direct the
Chorale and soloists in the pro
gram of Christmas music, and
Prof. Virgil Whitaker, Chairman
of the English Department, will
read selections from Christmas
stories and poems.
The Intermezzo is free but
tickets are required for admis
sion. They are available now in
the Bender Room.
The Stanford Chorale and solo
ists will present the seventh an
nual Christmas Intermezzo in the
Bender Room of the Library, Sun
day at 4 and 8 p.m.
Prof. Harold Schmidt of the De
partment of Music will direct the
Chorale and soloists in the pro
gram of Christmas music, and
Prof. Virgil Whitaker, Chairman
of the English Department, will
read selections from Christmas
stories and poems.
The Intermezzo is free but
tickets are required for admis
sion. They are available now in
the Bender Room.
The Stanford Chorale and solo
ists will present the seventh an
nual Christmas Intermezzo in the
Bender Room of the Library, Sun
day at 4 and 8 p.m.
Prof. Harold Schmidt of the De
partment of Music will direct the
Chorale and soloists in the pro
gram of Christmas music, and
Prof. Virgil Whitaker, Chairman
of the English Department, will
read selections from Christmas
stories and poems.
The Intermezzo is free but
tickets are required for admis
sion. They are available now in
the Bender Room.
The Stanford Chorale and solo
ists will present the seventh an
nual Christmas Intermezzo in the
Bender Room of the Library, Sun
day at 4 and 8 p.m.
Prof. Harold Schmidt of the De
partment of Music will direct the
Chorale and soloists in the pro
gram of Christmas music, and
Prof. Virgil Whitaker, Chairman
of the English Department, will
read selections from Christmas
stories and poems.
The Intermezzo is free but
tickets are required for admis
sion. They are available now in
the Bender Room.
The Stanford Chorale and solo
ists will present the seventh an
nual Christmas Intermezzo in the
Bender Room of the Library, Sun
day at 4 and 8 p.m.
Prof. Harold Schmidt of the De
partment of Music will direct the
Chorale and soloists in the pro
gram of Christmas music, and
Prof. Virgil Whitaker, Chairman
of the English Department, will
read selections from Christmas
stories and poems.
The Intermezzo is free but
tickets are required for admis
sion. They are available now in
the Bender Room.
The Stanford Chorale and solo
ists will present the seventh an
nual Christmas Intermezzo in the
Bender Room of the Library, Sun
day at 4 and 8 p.m.
Prof. Harold Schmidt of the De
partment of Music will direct the
Chorale and soloists in the pro
gram of Christmas music, and
Prof. Virgil Whitaker, Chairman
of the English Department, will
read selections from Christmas
stories and poems.
The Intermezzo is free but
tickets are required for admis
sion. They are available now in
the Bender Room.
The Stanford Chorale and solo
ists will present the seventh an
nual Christmas Intermezzo in the
Bender Room of the Library, Sun
day at 4 and 8 p.m.
Prof. Harold Schmidt of the De
partment of Music will direct the
Chorale and soloists in the pro
gram of Christmas music, and
Prof. Virgil Whitaker, Chairman
of the English Department, will
read selections from Christmas
stories and poems.
The Intermezzo is free but
tickets are required for admis
sion. They are available now in
the Bender Room.
The Stanford Chorale and solo
ists will present the seventh an
nual Christmas Intermezzo in the
Bender Room of the Library, Sun
day at 4 and 8 p.m.
Prof. Harold Schmidt of the De
partment of Music will direct the
Chorale and soloists in the pro
gram of Christmas music, and
Prof. Virgil Whitaker, Chairman
of the English Department, will
read selections from Christmas
stories and poems.
The Intermezzo is free but
tickets are required for admis
sion. They are available now in
the Bender Room.
The Stanford Chorale and solo
ists will present the seventh an
nual Christmas Intermezzo in the
Bender Room of the Library, Sun
day at 4 and 8 p.m.
Prof. Harold Schmidt of the De
partment of Music will direct the
Chorale and soloists in the pro
gram of Christmas music, and
Prof. Virgil Whitaker, Chairman
of the English Department, will
read selections from Christmas
stories and poems.
The Intermezzo is free but
tickets are required for admis
sion. They are available now in
the Bender Room.
The Stanford Chorale and solo
ists will present the seventh an
nual Christmas Intermezzo in the
Bender Room of the Library, Sun
day at 4 and 8 p.m.
Prof. Harold Schmidt of the De
partment of Music will direct the
Chorale and soloists in the pro
gram of Christmas music, and
Prof. Virgil Whitaker, Chairman
of the English Department, will
read selections from Christmas
stories and poems.
The Intermezzo is free but
tickets are required for admis
sion. They are available now in
the Bender Room.
