# GOUGH TALKS AT GOOD-WILL MEET
## Student Leaders Speak On Activity Fields 
### 
Wishing Stanford the best of ..luck
in all their contests this season "ex
cept one" and a little luck in that
particular game, although he would
not specify the kind, Lewis Gough,
president of the associated students
of U.S.C., addressed the Stanford
student body at an all-University
assembly Friday.
Discussing the friendly rivalry
between Stanford and the Univer
sity of Southern California, and the
good sportsmanship shown in all en
counters between the two institu
tions, Gough commended the high
standard of scholarship demanded
of athletes representing them.
Speeches introductory to the vari
ous extra-curricular activities on
the campus were given by students
prominent in their fields, for the
benefit of the new students. Gale
Wallace, editor of the Daily, spoke
on student publications; Betty Al
den, A.W.S. president, described the
work in student government; Rob
ert McClintock, varsity debater,
covered the campus forensic field;
and Katherine Keho, student actress,
spoke of the work of the dramatic
council.
Tom Pike, A.S.S.U. president, in
troduced the speakers, and George
McKee, yell leader, conducted a few
yells and songs.
Wishing Stanford the best of ..luck
in all their contests this season "ex
cept one" and a little luck in that
particular game, although he would
not specify the kind, Lewis Gough,
president of the associated students
of U.S.C., addressed the Stanford
student body at an all-University
assembly Friday.
Discussing the friendly rivalry
between Stanford and the Univer
sity of Southern California, and the
good sportsmanship shown in all en
counters between the two institu
tions, Gough commended the high
standard of scholarship demanded
of athletes representing them.
Speeches introductory to the vari
ous extra-curricular activities on
the campus were given by students
prominent in their fields, for the
benefit of the new students. Gale
Wallace, editor of the Daily, spoke
on student publications; Betty Al
den, A.W.S. president, described the
work in student government; Rob
ert McClintock, varsity debater,
covered the campus forensic field;
and Katherine Keho, student actress,
spoke of the work of the dramatic
council.
Tom Pike, A.S.S.U. president, in
troduced the speakers, and George
McKee, yell leader, conducted a few
yells and songs.
Wishing Stanford the best of ..luck
in all their contests this season "ex
cept one" and a little luck in that
particular game, although he would
not specify the kind, Lewis Gough,
president of the associated students
of U.S.C., addressed the Stanford
student body at an all-University
assembly Friday.
Discussing the friendly rivalry
between Stanford and the Univer
sity of Southern California, and the
good sportsmanship shown in all en
counters between the two institu
tions, Gough commended the high
standard of scholarship demanded
of athletes representing them.
Speeches introductory to the vari
ous extra-curricular activities on
the campus were given by students
prominent in their fields, for the
benefit of the new students. Gale
Wallace, editor of the Daily, spoke
on student publications; Betty Al
den, A.W.S. president, described the
work in student government; Rob
ert McClintock, varsity debater,
covered the campus forensic field;
and Katherine Keho, student actress,
spoke of the work of the dramatic
council.
Tom Pike, A.S.S.U. president, in
troduced the speakers, and George
McKee, yell leader, conducted a few
yells and songs.
Wishing Stanford the best of ..luck
in all their contests this season "ex
cept one" and a little luck in that
particular game, although he would
not specify the kind, Lewis Gough,
president of the associated students
of U.S.C., addressed the Stanford
student body at an all-University
assembly Friday.
Discussing the friendly rivalry
between Stanford and the Univer
sity of Southern California, and the
good sportsmanship shown in all en
counters between the two institu
tions, Gough commended the high
standard of scholarship demanded
of athletes representing them.
Speeches introductory to the vari
ous extra-curricular activities on
the campus were given by students
prominent in their fields, for the
benefit of the new students. Gale
Wallace, editor of the Daily, spoke
on student publications; Betty Al
den, A.W.S. president, described the
work in student government; Rob
ert McClintock, varsity debater,
covered the campus forensic field;
and Katherine Keho, student actress,
spoke of the work of the dramatic
council.
Tom Pike, A.S.S.U. president, in
troduced the speakers, and George
McKee, yell leader, conducted a few
yells and songs.
Wishing Stanford the best of ..luck
in all their contests this season "ex
cept one" and a little luck in that
particular game, although he would
not specify the kind, Lewis Gough,
president of the associated students
of U.S.C., addressed the Stanford
student body at an all-University
assembly Friday.
Discussing the friendly rivalry
between Stanford and the Univer
sity of Southern California, and the
good sportsmanship shown in all en
counters between the two institu
tions, Gough commended the high
standard of scholarship demanded
of athletes representing them.
Speeches introductory to the vari
ous extra-curricular activities on
the campus were given by students
prominent in their fields, for the
benefit of the new students. Gale
Wallace, editor of the Daily, spoke
on student publications; Betty Al
den, A.W.S. president, described the
work in student government; Rob
ert McClintock, varsity debater,
covered the campus forensic field;
and Katherine Keho, student actress,
spoke of the work of the dramatic
council.
Tom Pike, A.S.S.U. president, in
troduced the speakers, and George
McKee, yell leader, conducted a few
yells and songs.
Wishing Stanford the best of ..luck
in all their contests this season "ex
cept one" and a little luck in that
particular game, although he would
not specify the kind, Lewis Gough,
president of the associated students
of U.S.C., addressed the Stanford
student body at an all-University
assembly Friday.
Discussing the friendly rivalry
between Stanford and the Univer
sity of Southern California, and the
good sportsmanship shown in all en
counters between the two institu
tions, Gough commended the high
standard of scholarship demanded
of athletes representing them.
Speeches introductory to the vari
ous extra-curricular activities on
the campus were given by students
prominent in their fields, for the
benefit of the new students. Gale
Wallace, editor of the Daily, spoke
on student publications; Betty Al
den, A.W.S. president, described the
work in student government; Rob
ert McClintock, varsity debater,
covered the campus forensic field;
and Katherine Keho, student actress,
spoke of the work of the dramatic
council.
Tom Pike, A.S.S.U. president, in
troduced the speakers, and George
McKee, yell leader, conducted a few
yells and songs.
Wishing Stanford the best of ..luck
in all their contests this season "ex
cept one" and a little luck in that
particular game, although he would
not specify the kind, Lewis Gough,
president of the associated students
of U.S.C., addressed the Stanford
student body at an all-University
assembly Friday.
Discussing the friendly rivalry
between Stanford and the Univer
sity of Southern California, and the
good sportsmanship shown in all en
counters between the two institu
tions, Gough commended the high
standard of scholarship demanded
of athletes representing them.
Speeches introductory to the vari
ous extra-curricular activities on
the campus were given by students
prominent in their fields, for the
benefit of the new students. Gale
Wallace, editor of the Daily, spoke
on student publications; Betty Al
den, A.W.S. president, described the
work in student government; Rob
ert McClintock, varsity debater,
covered the campus forensic field;
and Katherine Keho, student actress,
spoke of the work of the dramatic
council.
Tom Pike, A.S.S.U. president, in
troduced the speakers, and George
McKee, yell leader, conducted a few
yells and songs.
Wishing Stanford the best of ..luck
in all their contests this season "ex
cept one" and a little luck in that
particular game, although he would
not specify the kind, Lewis Gough,
president of the associated students
of U.S.C., addressed the Stanford
student body at an all-University
assembly Friday.
Discussing the friendly rivalry
between Stanford and the Univer
sity of Southern California, and the
good sportsmanship shown in all en
counters between the two institu
tions, Gough commended the high
standard of scholarship demanded
of athletes representing them.
Speeches introductory to the vari
ous extra-curricular activities on
the campus were given by students
prominent in their fields, for the
benefit of the new students. Gale
Wallace, editor of the Daily, spoke
on student publications; Betty Al
den, A.W.S. president, described the
work in student government; Rob
ert McClintock, varsity debater,
covered the campus forensic field;
and Katherine Keho, student actress,
spoke of the work of the dramatic
council.
Tom Pike, A.S.S.U. president, in
troduced the speakers, and George
McKee, yell leader, conducted a few
yells and songs.
Wishing Stanford the best of ..luck
in all their contests this season "ex
cept one" and a little luck in that
particular game, although he would
not specify the kind, Lewis Gough,
president of the associated students
of U.S.C., addressed the Stanford
student body at an all-University
assembly Friday.
Discussing the friendly rivalry
between Stanford and the Univer
sity of Southern California, and the
good sportsmanship shown in all en
counters between the two institu
tions, Gough commended the high
standard of scholarship demanded
of athletes representing them.
Speeches introductory to the vari
ous extra-curricular activities on
the campus were given by students
prominent in their fields, for the
benefit of the new students. Gale
Wallace, editor of the Daily, spoke
on student publications; Betty Al
den, A.W.S. president, described the
work in student government; Rob
ert McClintock, varsity debater,
covered the campus forensic field;
and Katherine Keho, student actress,
spoke of the work of the dramatic
council.
Tom Pike, A.S.S.U. president, in
troduced the speakers, and George
McKee, yell leader, conducted a few
yells and songs.
Wishing Stanford the best of ..luck
in all their contests this season "ex
cept one" and a little luck in that
particular game, although he would
not specify the kind, Lewis Gough,
president of the associated students
of U.S.C., addressed the Stanford
student body at an all-University
assembly Friday.
Discussing the friendly rivalry
between Stanford and the Univer
sity of Southern California, and the
good sportsmanship shown in all en
counters between the two institu
tions, Gough commended the high
standard of scholarship demanded
of athletes representing them.
Speeches introductory to the vari
ous extra-curricular activities on
the campus were given by students
prominent in their fields, for the
benefit of the new students. Gale
Wallace, editor of the Daily, spoke
on student publications; Betty Al
den, A.W.S. president, described the
work in student government; Rob
ert McClintock, varsity debater,
covered the campus forensic field;
and Katherine Keho, student actress,
spoke of the work of the dramatic
council.
Tom Pike, A.S.S.U. president, in
troduced the speakers, and George
McKee, yell leader, conducted a few
yells and songs.
Wishing Stanford the best of ..luck
in all their contests this season "ex
cept one" and a little luck in that
particular game, although he would
not specify the kind, Lewis Gough,
president of the associated students
of U.S.C., addressed the Stanford
student body at an all-University
assembly Friday.
Discussing the friendly rivalry
between Stanford and the Univer
sity of Southern California, and the
good sportsmanship shown in all en
counters between the two institu
tions, Gough commended the high
standard of scholarship demanded
of athletes representing them.
Speeches introductory to the vari
ous extra-curricular activities on
the campus were given by students
prominent in their fields, for the
benefit of the new students. Gale
Wallace, editor of the Daily, spoke
on student publications; Betty Al
den, A.W.S. president, described the
work in student government; Rob
ert McClintock, varsity debater,
covered the campus forensic field;
and Katherine Keho, student actress,
spoke of the work of the dramatic
council.
Tom Pike, A.S.S.U. president, in
troduced the speakers, and George
McKee, yell leader, conducted a few
yells and songs.
Wishing Stanford the best of ..luck
in all their contests this season "ex
cept one" and a little luck in that
particular game, although he would
not specify the kind, Lewis Gough,
president of the associated students
of U.S.C., addressed the Stanford
student body at an all-University
assembly Friday.
Discussing the friendly rivalry
between Stanford and the Univer
sity of Southern California, and the
good sportsmanship shown in all en
counters between the two institu
tions, Gough commended the high
standard of scholarship demanded
of athletes representing them.
Speeches introductory to the vari
ous extra-curricular activities on
the campus were given by students
prominent in their fields, for the
benefit of the new students. Gale
Wallace, editor of the Daily, spoke
on student publications; Betty Al
den, A.W.S. president, described the
work in student government; Rob
ert McClintock, varsity debater,
covered the campus forensic field;
and Katherine Keho, student actress,
spoke of the work of the dramatic
council.
Tom Pike, A.S.S.U. president, in
troduced the speakers, and George
McKee, yell leader, conducted a few
yells and songs.
Wishing Stanford the best of ..luck
in all their contests this season "ex
cept one" and a little luck in that
particular game, although he would
not specify the kind, Lewis Gough,
president of the associated students
of U.S.C., addressed the Stanford
student body at an all-University
assembly Friday.
Discussing the friendly rivalry
between Stanford and the Univer
sity of Southern California, and the
good sportsmanship shown in all en
counters between the two institu
tions, Gough commended the high
standard of scholarship demanded
of athletes representing them.
Speeches introductory to the vari
ous extra-curricular activities on
the campus were given by students
prominent in their fields, for the
benefit of the new students. Gale
Wallace, editor of the Daily, spoke
on student publications; Betty Al
den, A.W.S. president, described the
work in student government; Rob
ert McClintock, varsity debater,
covered the campus forensic field;
and Katherine Keho, student actress,
spoke of the work of the dramatic
council.
Tom Pike, A.S.S.U. president, in
troduced the speakers, and George
McKee, yell leader, conducted a few
yells and songs.
Wishing Stanford the best of ..luck
in all their contests this season "ex
cept one" and a little luck in that
particular game, although he would
not specify the kind, Lewis Gough,
president of the associated students
of U.S.C., addressed the Stanford
student body at an all-University
assembly Friday.
Discussing the friendly rivalry
between Stanford and the Univer
sity of Southern California, and the
good sportsmanship shown in all en
counters between the two institu
tions, Gough commended the high
standard of scholarship demanded
of athletes representing them.
Speeches introductory to the vari
ous extra-curricular activities on
the campus were given by students
prominent in their fields, for the
benefit of the new students. Gale
Wallace, editor of the Daily, spoke
on student publications; Betty Al
den, A.W.S. president, described the
work in student government; Rob
ert McClintock, varsity debater,
covered the campus forensic field;
and Katherine Keho, student actress,
spoke of the work of the dramatic
council.
Tom Pike, A.S.S.U. president, in
troduced the speakers, and George
McKee, yell leader, conducted a few
yells and songs.
Wishing Stanford the best of ..luck
in all their contests this season "ex
cept one" and a little luck in that
particular game, although he would
not specify the kind, Lewis Gough,
president of the associated students
of U.S.C., addressed the Stanford
student body at an all-University
assembly Friday.
Discussing the friendly rivalry
between Stanford and the Univer
sity of Southern California, and the
good sportsmanship shown in all en
counters between the two institu
tions, Gough commended the high
standard of scholarship demanded
of athletes representing them.
Speeches introductory to the vari
ous extra-curricular activities on
the campus were given by students
prominent in their fields, for the
benefit of the new students. Gale
Wallace, editor of the Daily, spoke
on student publications; Betty Al
den, A.W.S. president, described the
work in student government; Rob
ert McClintock, varsity debater,
covered the campus forensic field;
and Katherine Keho, student actress,
spoke of the work of the dramatic
council.
Tom Pike, A.S.S.U. president, in
troduced the speakers, and George
McKee, yell leader, conducted a few
yells and songs.
Wishing Stanford the best of ..luck
in all their contests this season "ex
cept one" and a little luck in that
particular game, although he would
not specify the kind, Lewis Gough,
president of the associated students
of U.S.C., addressed the Stanford
student body at an all-University
assembly Friday.
Discussing the friendly rivalry
between Stanford and the Univer
sity of Southern California, and the
good sportsmanship shown in all en
counters between the two institu
tions, Gough commended the high
standard of scholarship demanded
of athletes representing them.
Speeches introductory to the vari
ous extra-curricular activities on
the campus were given by students
prominent in their fields, for the
benefit of the new students. Gale
Wallace, editor of the Daily, spoke
on student publications; Betty Al
den, A.W.S. president, described the
work in student government; Rob
ert McClintock, varsity debater,
covered the campus forensic field;
and Katherine Keho, student actress,
spoke of the work of the dramatic
council.
Tom Pike, A.S.S.U. president, in
troduced the speakers, and George
McKee, yell leader, conducted a few
yells and songs.
Wishing Stanford the best of ..luck
in all their contests this season "ex
cept one" and a little luck in that
particular game, although he would
not specify the kind, Lewis Gough,
president of the associated students
of U.S.C., addressed the Stanford
student body at an all-University
assembly Friday.
Discussing the friendly rivalry
between Stanford and the Univer
sity of Southern California, and the
good sportsmanship shown in all en
counters between the two institu
tions, Gough commended the high
standard of scholarship demanded
of athletes representing them.
Speeches introductory to the vari
ous extra-curricular activities on
the campus were given by students
prominent in their fields, for the
benefit of the new students. Gale
Wallace, editor of the Daily, spoke
on student publications; Betty Al
den, A.W.S. president, described the
work in student government; Rob
ert McClintock, varsity debater,
covered the campus forensic field;
and Katherine Keho, student actress,
spoke of the work of the dramatic
council.
Tom Pike, A.S.S.U. president, in
troduced the speakers, and George
McKee, yell leader, conducted a few
yells and songs.
