# NAVY DAY HELD
## 
### 
MANILA, P. 1., Oct. 26. (/P)—Al
though most of the Asiatic fleet of
the United States Navy was cruis
ing in the Duth East Indies, the
remainder of the ships here today
fittingly observed Navy Day. The
sixteenth naval district held gen
eral open house and the ships enter
tained hundreds of visitors.
MANILA, P. 1., Oct. 26. (/P)—Al
though most of the Asiatic fleet of
the United States Navy was cruis
ing in the Duth East Indies, the
remainder of the ships here today
fittingly observed Navy Day. The
sixteenth naval district held gen
eral open house and the ships enter
tained hundreds of visitors.
MANILA, P. 1., Oct. 26. (/P)—Al
though most of the Asiatic fleet of
the United States Navy was cruis
ing in the Duth East Indies, the
remainder of the ships here today
fittingly observed Navy Day. The
sixteenth naval district held gen
eral open house and the ships enter
tained hundreds of visitors.
MANILA, P. 1., Oct. 26. (/P)—Al
though most of the Asiatic fleet of
the United States Navy was cruis
ing in the Duth East Indies, the
remainder of the ships here today
fittingly observed Navy Day. The
sixteenth naval district held gen
eral open house and the ships enter
tained hundreds of visitors.
MANILA, P. 1., Oct. 26. (/P)—Al
though most of the Asiatic fleet of
the United States Navy was cruis
ing in the Duth East Indies, the
remainder of the ships here today
fittingly observed Navy Day. The
sixteenth naval district held gen
eral open house and the ships enter
tained hundreds of visitors.
MANILA, P. 1., Oct. 26. (/P)—Al
though most of the Asiatic fleet of
the United States Navy was cruis
ing in the Duth East Indies, the
remainder of the ships here today
fittingly observed Navy Day. The
sixteenth naval district held gen
eral open house and the ships enter
tained hundreds of visitors.
MANILA, P. 1., Oct. 26. (/P)—Al
though most of the Asiatic fleet of
the United States Navy was cruis
ing in the Duth East Indies, the
remainder of the ships here today
fittingly observed Navy Day. The
sixteenth naval district held gen
eral open house and the ships enter
tained hundreds of visitors.
MANILA, P. 1., Oct. 26. (/P)—Al
though most of the Asiatic fleet of
the United States Navy was cruis
ing in the Duth East Indies, the
remainder of the ships here today
fittingly observed Navy Day. The
sixteenth naval district held gen
eral open house and the ships enter
tained hundreds of visitors.
MANILA, P. 1., Oct. 26. (/P)—Al
though most of the Asiatic fleet of
the United States Navy was cruis
ing in the Duth East Indies, the
remainder of the ships here today
fittingly observed Navy Day. The
sixteenth naval district held gen
eral open house and the ships enter
tained hundreds of visitors.
MANILA, P. 1., Oct. 26. (/P)—Al
though most of the Asiatic fleet of
the United States Navy was cruis
ing in the Duth East Indies, the
remainder of the ships here today
fittingly observed Navy Day. The
sixteenth naval district held gen
eral open house and the ships enter
tained hundreds of visitors.
MANILA, P. 1., Oct. 26. (/P)—Al
though most of the Asiatic fleet of
the United States Navy was cruis
ing in the Duth East Indies, the
remainder of the ships here today
fittingly observed Navy Day. The
sixteenth naval district held gen
eral open house and the ships enter
tained hundreds of visitors.
MANILA, P. 1., Oct. 26. (/P)—Al
though most of the Asiatic fleet of
the United States Navy was cruis
ing in the Duth East Indies, the
remainder of the ships here today
fittingly observed Navy Day. The
sixteenth naval district held gen
eral open house and the ships enter
tained hundreds of visitors.
MANILA, P. 1., Oct. 26. (/P)—Al
though most of the Asiatic fleet of
the United States Navy was cruis
ing in the Duth East Indies, the
remainder of the ships here today
fittingly observed Navy Day. The
sixteenth naval district held gen
eral open house and the ships enter
tained hundreds of visitors.
MANILA, P. 1., Oct. 26. (/P)—Al
though most of the Asiatic fleet of
the United States Navy was cruis
ing in the Duth East Indies, the
remainder of the ships here today
fittingly observed Navy Day. The
sixteenth naval district held gen
eral open house and the ships enter
tained hundreds of visitors.
MANILA, P. 1., Oct. 26. (/P)—Al
though most of the Asiatic fleet of
the United States Navy was cruis
ing in the Duth East Indies, the
remainder of the ships here today
fittingly observed Navy Day. The
sixteenth naval district held gen
eral open house and the ships enter
tained hundreds of visitors.
MANILA, P. 1., Oct. 26. (/P)—Al
though most of the Asiatic fleet of
the United States Navy was cruis
ing in the Duth East Indies, the
remainder of the ships here today
fittingly observed Navy Day. The
sixteenth naval district held gen
eral open house and the ships enter
tained hundreds of visitors.
MANILA, P. 1., Oct. 26. (/P)—Al
though most of the Asiatic fleet of
the United States Navy was cruis
ing in the Duth East Indies, the
remainder of the ships here today
fittingly observed Navy Day. The
sixteenth naval district held gen
eral open house and the ships enter
tained hundreds of visitors.
