# FUNERAL SERVICES FOR UNION CASHIER TO BE HELD TODAY
## 
### 
Funeral services will be held this
morning at 10 o'clock at the Roller
Mid Hapgood chapel for Mrs. Char
lotte B. Case, 1027 Bryant street,
former cashier at the Stanford
Union.
Mrs. Case was killed Friday eve
ning shortly before G o'clock by a
hit-and-run driver as she was
crossing the highway at the inter
section of Embarcadero road. She
died on the way to the Palo Alto
Hospital from concussion of the
brain, injuries, and shock. The po
lice have not been able to discover
the identity of the driver.
Mrs. Case came to Palo Alto 10
years ago to become secretary at
Miss Harker's School. For nearly
five years she has been connected
with the Stanford Union. She is
survived by two children, Helen, 14
years old, and Robert, a junior at
Stanford.
