# GLEE CLUB SINGS AT HOTEL CLAREMONT
## 
### 
Presenting a program of college
songs and novelty numbers, a group
of 30 singers of the Stanford Glee
Club sang at a dinner-dance con
cert at the Hotel Claremont in
Berkeley Saturday night as the
feature of "Stanford Night."
Outstanding pieces sung by the
clubmen were, "The Musical Trust,"
"Pacific Coast Colleges Medley,"
"Hear Dem Bells," and a medley of
Stanford songs. The latter were par
ticularly well received by the au
dience.
Presenting a program of college
songs and novelty numbers, a group
of 30 singers of the Stanford Glee
Club sang at a dinner-dance con
cert at the Hotel Claremont in
Berkeley Saturday night as the
feature of "Stanford Night."
Outstanding pieces sung by the
clubmen were, "The Musical Trust,"
"Pacific Coast Colleges Medley,"
"Hear Dem Bells," and a medley of
Stanford songs. The latter were par
ticularly well received by the au
dience.
Presenting a program of college
songs and novelty numbers, a group
of 30 singers of the Stanford Glee
Club sang at a dinner-dance con
cert at the Hotel Claremont in
Berkeley Saturday night as the
feature of "Stanford Night."
Outstanding pieces sung by the
clubmen were, "The Musical Trust,"
"Pacific Coast Colleges Medley,"
"Hear Dem Bells," and a medley of
Stanford songs. The latter were par
ticularly well received by the au
dience.
Presenting a program of college
songs and novelty numbers, a group
of 30 singers of the Stanford Glee
Club sang at a dinner-dance con
cert at the Hotel Claremont in
Berkeley Saturday night as the
feature of "Stanford Night."
Outstanding pieces sung by the
clubmen were, "The Musical Trust,"
"Pacific Coast Colleges Medley,"
"Hear Dem Bells," and a medley of
Stanford songs. The latter were par
ticularly well received by the au
dience.
Presenting a program of college
songs and novelty numbers, a group
of 30 singers of the Stanford Glee
Club sang at a dinner-dance con
cert at the Hotel Claremont in
Berkeley Saturday night as the
feature of "Stanford Night."
Outstanding pieces sung by the
clubmen were, "The Musical Trust,"
"Pacific Coast Colleges Medley,"
"Hear Dem Bells," and a medley of
Stanford songs. The latter were par
ticularly well received by the au
dience.
Presenting a program of college
songs and novelty numbers, a group
of 30 singers of the Stanford Glee
Club sang at a dinner-dance con
cert at the Hotel Claremont in
Berkeley Saturday night as the
feature of "Stanford Night."
Outstanding pieces sung by the
clubmen were, "The Musical Trust,"
"Pacific Coast Colleges Medley,"
"Hear Dem Bells," and a medley of
Stanford songs. The latter were par
ticularly well received by the au
dience.
Presenting a program of college
songs and novelty numbers, a group
of 30 singers of the Stanford Glee
Club sang at a dinner-dance con
cert at the Hotel Claremont in
Berkeley Saturday night as the
feature of "Stanford Night."
Outstanding pieces sung by the
clubmen were, "The Musical Trust,"
"Pacific Coast Colleges Medley,"
"Hear Dem Bells," and a medley of
Stanford songs. The latter were par
ticularly well received by the au
dience.
Presenting a program of college
songs and novelty numbers, a group
of 30 singers of the Stanford Glee
Club sang at a dinner-dance con
cert at the Hotel Claremont in
Berkeley Saturday night as the
feature of "Stanford Night."
Outstanding pieces sung by the
clubmen were, "The Musical Trust,"
"Pacific Coast Colleges Medley,"
"Hear Dem Bells," and a medley of
Stanford songs. The latter were par
ticularly well received by the au
dience.
Presenting a program of college
songs and novelty numbers, a group
of 30 singers of the Stanford Glee
Club sang at a dinner-dance con
cert at the Hotel Claremont in
Berkeley Saturday night as the
feature of "Stanford Night."
Outstanding pieces sung by the
clubmen were, "The Musical Trust,"
"Pacific Coast Colleges Medley,"
"Hear Dem Bells," and a medley of
Stanford songs. The latter were par
ticularly well received by the au
dience.
Presenting a program of college
songs and novelty numbers, a group
of 30 singers of the Stanford Glee
Club sang at a dinner-dance con
cert at the Hotel Claremont in
Berkeley Saturday night as the
feature of "Stanford Night."
Outstanding pieces sung by the
clubmen were, "The Musical Trust,"
"Pacific Coast Colleges Medley,"
"Hear Dem Bells," and a medley of
Stanford songs. The latter were par
ticularly well received by the au
dience.
Presenting a program of college
songs and novelty numbers, a group
of 30 singers of the Stanford Glee
Club sang at a dinner-dance con
cert at the Hotel Claremont in
Berkeley Saturday night as the
feature of "Stanford Night."
Outstanding pieces sung by the
clubmen were, "The Musical Trust,"
"Pacific Coast Colleges Medley,"
"Hear Dem Bells," and a medley of
Stanford songs. The latter were par
ticularly well received by the au
dience.
Presenting a program of college
songs and novelty numbers, a group
of 30 singers of the Stanford Glee
Club sang at a dinner-dance con
cert at the Hotel Claremont in
Berkeley Saturday night as the
feature of "Stanford Night."
Outstanding pieces sung by the
clubmen were, "The Musical Trust,"
"Pacific Coast Colleges Medley,"
"Hear Dem Bells," and a medley of
Stanford songs. The latter were par
ticularly well received by the au
dience.
Presenting a program of college
songs and novelty numbers, a group
of 30 singers of the Stanford Glee
Club sang at a dinner-dance con
cert at the Hotel Claremont in
Berkeley Saturday night as the
feature of "Stanford Night."
Outstanding pieces sung by the
clubmen were, "The Musical Trust,"
"Pacific Coast Colleges Medley,"
"Hear Dem Bells," and a medley of
Stanford songs. The latter were par
ticularly well received by the au
dience.
Presenting a program of college
songs and novelty numbers, a group
of 30 singers of the Stanford Glee
Club sang at a dinner-dance con
cert at the Hotel Claremont in
Berkeley Saturday night as the
feature of "Stanford Night."
Outstanding pieces sung by the
clubmen were, "The Musical Trust,"
"Pacific Coast Colleges Medley,"
"Hear Dem Bells," and a medley of
Stanford songs. The latter were par
ticularly well received by the au
dience.
Presenting a program of college
songs and novelty numbers, a group
of 30 singers of the Stanford Glee
Club sang at a dinner-dance con
cert at the Hotel Claremont in
Berkeley Saturday night as the
feature of "Stanford Night."
Outstanding pieces sung by the
clubmen were, "The Musical Trust,"
"Pacific Coast Colleges Medley,"
"Hear Dem Bells," and a medley of
Stanford songs. The latter were par
ticularly well received by the au
dience.
Presenting a program of college
songs and novelty numbers, a group
of 30 singers of the Stanford Glee
Club sang at a dinner-dance con
cert at the Hotel Claremont in
Berkeley Saturday night as the
feature of "Stanford Night."
Outstanding pieces sung by the
clubmen were, "The Musical Trust,"
"Pacific Coast Colleges Medley,"
"Hear Dem Bells," and a medley of
Stanford songs. The latter were par
ticularly well received by the au
dience.
Presenting a program of college
songs and novelty numbers, a group
of 30 singers of the Stanford Glee
Club sang at a dinner-dance con
cert at the Hotel Claremont in
Berkeley Saturday night as the
feature of "Stanford Night."
Outstanding pieces sung by the
clubmen were, "The Musical Trust,"
"Pacific Coast Colleges Medley,"
"Hear Dem Bells," and a medley of
Stanford songs. The latter were par
ticularly well received by the au
dience.
