# Poly Union Will Sponsor Vote
## 
### 
Political Union will sponsor a
straw presidential ballot among
Stanford students on Election
Day, November 8.
Any serious political figure is
eligible to appear on the ballot,
provided a petition supporting
his candidacy is signed by fifty
students.
Political Union hopes that in
terested students ranging from
Socialists to Gold water conserva
tives will make sure that their
political favorite appears on the
ballot thus insuring a wider
choice than merely Nixon and
Kennedy.
Petition forms will be available
in the Political Union office of
the student union beginning this
afternoon. Completed petitions
must be turned in by Tuesday,
November 1.
