# ENGLISH 440 STAR THREAT TO BIG BEN
## Rampling Has Negotiated Quarter-Mile In 46.6 
### 
Ben Eastman will not be without
competition in the Olympic Games
this summer. Harold Rampling, Eng
lish quarter-miler, ran a 440-yard
lap of a recent relay race in 46.6
seconds, just one-fifth of a second
slower than Eastman's recent rec
ord-breaking performance.
Johnny McCarthy, Los Angeles
Athletic Club quarter-miler, who
gained 15 yards on Les Hables in
the relay of the Stanford-L.A.A.C.
dual meet, ran 47.6 seconds in a
practice meet last week, while sev
eral Australian stax's have covered
the 440 in less than 48 seconds.
Ben Eastman will not be without
competition in the Olympic Games
this summer. Harold Rampling, Eng
lish quarter-miler, ran a 440-yard
lap of a recent relay race in 46.6
seconds, just one-fifth of a second
slower than Eastman's recent rec
ord-breaking performance.
Johnny McCarthy, Los Angeles
Athletic Club quarter-miler, who
gained 15 yards on Les Hables in
the relay of the Stanford-L.A.A.C.
dual meet, ran 47.6 seconds in a
practice meet last week, while sev
eral Australian stax's have covered
the 440 in less than 48 seconds.
Ben Eastman will not be without
competition in the Olympic Games
this summer. Harold Rampling, Eng
lish quarter-miler, ran a 440-yard
lap of a recent relay race in 46.6
seconds, just one-fifth of a second
slower than Eastman's recent rec
ord-breaking performance.
Johnny McCarthy, Los Angeles
Athletic Club quarter-miler, who
gained 15 yards on Les Hables in
the relay of the Stanford-L.A.A.C.
dual meet, ran 47.6 seconds in a
practice meet last week, while sev
eral Australian stax's have covered
the 440 in less than 48 seconds.
Ben Eastman will not be without
competition in the Olympic Games
this summer. Harold Rampling, Eng
lish quarter-miler, ran a 440-yard
lap of a recent relay race in 46.6
seconds, just one-fifth of a second
slower than Eastman's recent rec
ord-breaking performance.
Johnny McCarthy, Los Angeles
Athletic Club quarter-miler, who
gained 15 yards on Les Hables in
the relay of the Stanford-L.A.A.C.
dual meet, ran 47.6 seconds in a
practice meet last week, while sev
eral Australian stax's have covered
the 440 in less than 48 seconds.
Ben Eastman will not be without
competition in the Olympic Games
this summer. Harold Rampling, Eng
lish quarter-miler, ran a 440-yard
lap of a recent relay race in 46.6
seconds, just one-fifth of a second
slower than Eastman's recent rec
ord-breaking performance.
Johnny McCarthy, Los Angeles
Athletic Club quarter-miler, who
gained 15 yards on Les Hables in
the relay of the Stanford-L.A.A.C.
dual meet, ran 47.6 seconds in a
practice meet last week, while sev
eral Australian stax's have covered
the 440 in less than 48 seconds.
Ben Eastman will not be without
competition in the Olympic Games
this summer. Harold Rampling, Eng
lish quarter-miler, ran a 440-yard
lap of a recent relay race in 46.6
seconds, just one-fifth of a second
slower than Eastman's recent rec
ord-breaking performance.
Johnny McCarthy, Los Angeles
Athletic Club quarter-miler, who
gained 15 yards on Les Hables in
the relay of the Stanford-L.A.A.C.
dual meet, ran 47.6 seconds in a
practice meet last week, while sev
eral Australian stax's have covered
the 440 in less than 48 seconds.
Ben Eastman will not be without
competition in the Olympic Games
this summer. Harold Rampling, Eng
lish quarter-miler, ran a 440-yard
lap of a recent relay race in 46.6
seconds, just one-fifth of a second
slower than Eastman's recent rec
ord-breaking performance.
Johnny McCarthy, Los Angeles
Athletic Club quarter-miler, who
gained 15 yards on Les Hables in
the relay of the Stanford-L.A.A.C.
dual meet, ran 47.6 seconds in a
practice meet last week, while sev
eral Australian stax's have covered
the 440 in less than 48 seconds.
Ben Eastman will not be without
competition in the Olympic Games
this summer. Harold Rampling, Eng
lish quarter-miler, ran a 440-yard
lap of a recent relay race in 46.6
seconds, just one-fifth of a second
slower than Eastman's recent rec
ord-breaking performance.
Johnny McCarthy, Los Angeles
Athletic Club quarter-miler, who
gained 15 yards on Les Hables in
the relay of the Stanford-L.A.A.C.
dual meet, ran 47.6 seconds in a
practice meet last week, while sev
eral Australian stax's have covered
the 440 in less than 48 seconds.
Ben Eastman will not be without
competition in the Olympic Games
this summer. Harold Rampling, Eng
lish quarter-miler, ran a 440-yard
lap of a recent relay race in 46.6
seconds, just one-fifth of a second
slower than Eastman's recent rec
ord-breaking performance.
Johnny McCarthy, Los Angeles
Athletic Club quarter-miler, who
gained 15 yards on Les Hables in
the relay of the Stanford-L.A.A.C.
dual meet, ran 47.6 seconds in a
practice meet last week, while sev
eral Australian stax's have covered
the 440 in less than 48 seconds.
Ben Eastman will not be without
competition in the Olympic Games
this summer. Harold Rampling, Eng
lish quarter-miler, ran a 440-yard
lap of a recent relay race in 46.6
seconds, just one-fifth of a second
slower than Eastman's recent rec
ord-breaking performance.
Johnny McCarthy, Los Angeles
Athletic Club quarter-miler, who
gained 15 yards on Les Hables in
the relay of the Stanford-L.A.A.C.
dual meet, ran 47.6 seconds in a
practice meet last week, while sev
eral Australian stax's have covered
the 440 in less than 48 seconds.
Ben Eastman will not be without
competition in the Olympic Games
this summer. Harold Rampling, Eng
lish quarter-miler, ran a 440-yard
lap of a recent relay race in 46.6
seconds, just one-fifth of a second
slower than Eastman's recent rec
ord-breaking performance.
Johnny McCarthy, Los Angeles
Athletic Club quarter-miler, who
gained 15 yards on Les Hables in
the relay of the Stanford-L.A.A.C.
dual meet, ran 47.6 seconds in a
practice meet last week, while sev
eral Australian stax's have covered
the 440 in less than 48 seconds.
Ben Eastman will not be without
competition in the Olympic Games
this summer. Harold Rampling, Eng
lish quarter-miler, ran a 440-yard
lap of a recent relay race in 46.6
seconds, just one-fifth of a second
slower than Eastman's recent rec
ord-breaking performance.
Johnny McCarthy, Los Angeles
Athletic Club quarter-miler, who
gained 15 yards on Les Hables in
the relay of the Stanford-L.A.A.C.
dual meet, ran 47.6 seconds in a
practice meet last week, while sev
eral Australian stax's have covered
the 440 in less than 48 seconds.
Ben Eastman will not be without
competition in the Olympic Games
this summer. Harold Rampling, Eng
lish quarter-miler, ran a 440-yard
lap of a recent relay race in 46.6
seconds, just one-fifth of a second
slower than Eastman's recent rec
ord-breaking performance.
Johnny McCarthy, Los Angeles
Athletic Club quarter-miler, who
gained 15 yards on Les Hables in
the relay of the Stanford-L.A.A.C.
dual meet, ran 47.6 seconds in a
practice meet last week, while sev
eral Australian stax's have covered
the 440 in less than 48 seconds.
Ben Eastman will not be without
competition in the Olympic Games
this summer. Harold Rampling, Eng
lish quarter-miler, ran a 440-yard
lap of a recent relay race in 46.6
seconds, just one-fifth of a second
slower than Eastman's recent rec
ord-breaking performance.
Johnny McCarthy, Los Angeles
Athletic Club quarter-miler, who
gained 15 yards on Les Hables in
the relay of the Stanford-L.A.A.C.
dual meet, ran 47.6 seconds in a
practice meet last week, while sev
eral Australian stax's have covered
the 440 in less than 48 seconds.
