# PERU PREMIER QUITS
## 
### 
LIMA, Peru, April 14. (/Pi—Pre
mier Francisco Lanatta and his
whole Cabinet resigned today, pre
sumably because of a disagreement
with the Premier's policies in his
capacity as Minister of Finance.
LIMA, Peru, April 14. (/Pi—Pre
mier Francisco Lanatta and his
whole Cabinet resigned today, pre
sumably because of a disagreement
with the Premier's policies in his
capacity as Minister of Finance.
LIMA, Peru, April 14. (/Pi—Pre
mier Francisco Lanatta and his
whole Cabinet resigned today, pre
sumably because of a disagreement
with the Premier's policies in his
capacity as Minister of Finance.
LIMA, Peru, April 14. (/Pi—Pre
mier Francisco Lanatta and his
whole Cabinet resigned today, pre
sumably because of a disagreement
with the Premier's policies in his
capacity as Minister of Finance.
LIMA, Peru, April 14. (/Pi—Pre
mier Francisco Lanatta and his
whole Cabinet resigned today, pre
sumably because of a disagreement
with the Premier's policies in his
capacity as Minister of Finance.
LIMA, Peru, April 14. (/Pi—Pre
mier Francisco Lanatta and his
whole Cabinet resigned today, pre
sumably because of a disagreement
with the Premier's policies in his
capacity as Minister of Finance.
LIMA, Peru, April 14. (/Pi—Pre
mier Francisco Lanatta and his
whole Cabinet resigned today, pre
sumably because of a disagreement
with the Premier's policies in his
capacity as Minister of Finance.
LIMA, Peru, April 14. (/Pi—Pre
mier Francisco Lanatta and his
whole Cabinet resigned today, pre
sumably because of a disagreement
with the Premier's policies in his
capacity as Minister of Finance.
LIMA, Peru, April 14. (/Pi—Pre
mier Francisco Lanatta and his
whole Cabinet resigned today, pre
sumably because of a disagreement
with the Premier's policies in his
capacity as Minister of Finance.
LIMA, Peru, April 14. (/Pi—Pre
mier Francisco Lanatta and his
whole Cabinet resigned today, pre
sumably because of a disagreement
with the Premier's policies in his
capacity as Minister of Finance.
LIMA, Peru, April 14. (/Pi—Pre
mier Francisco Lanatta and his
whole Cabinet resigned today, pre
sumably because of a disagreement
with the Premier's policies in his
capacity as Minister of Finance.
LIMA, Peru, April 14. (/Pi—Pre
mier Francisco Lanatta and his
whole Cabinet resigned today, pre
sumably because of a disagreement
with the Premier's policies in his
capacity as Minister of Finance.
LIMA, Peru, April 14. (/Pi—Pre
mier Francisco Lanatta and his
whole Cabinet resigned today, pre
sumably because of a disagreement
with the Premier's policies in his
capacity as Minister of Finance.
LIMA, Peru, April 14. (/Pi—Pre
mier Francisco Lanatta and his
whole Cabinet resigned today, pre
sumably because of a disagreement
with the Premier's policies in his
capacity as Minister of Finance.
