# TO HONOR FLYER
## 
### 
SOOCHOW, China, April 14. (/P)—
Chinese admirers of Robert Short,
American aviator who was killed in
i clash with Japanese during the
•c'lting at Shanghai, were plan
i.ag today to erect a monument to
the flyer's memory.
SOOCHOW, China, April 14. (/P)—
Chinese admirers of Robert Short,
American aviator who was killed in
i clash with Japanese during the
•c'lting at Shanghai, were plan
i.ag today to erect a monument to
the flyer's memory.
SOOCHOW, China, April 14. (/P)—
Chinese admirers of Robert Short,
American aviator who was killed in
i clash with Japanese during the
•c'lting at Shanghai, were plan
i.ag today to erect a monument to
the flyer's memory.
SOOCHOW, China, April 14. (/P)—
Chinese admirers of Robert Short,
American aviator who was killed in
i clash with Japanese during the
•c'lting at Shanghai, were plan
i.ag today to erect a monument to
the flyer's memory.
SOOCHOW, China, April 14. (/P)—
Chinese admirers of Robert Short,
American aviator who was killed in
i clash with Japanese during the
•c'lting at Shanghai, were plan
i.ag today to erect a monument to
the flyer's memory.
SOOCHOW, China, April 14. (/P)—
Chinese admirers of Robert Short,
American aviator who was killed in
i clash with Japanese during the
•c'lting at Shanghai, were plan
i.ag today to erect a monument to
the flyer's memory.
SOOCHOW, China, April 14. (/P)—
Chinese admirers of Robert Short,
American aviator who was killed in
i clash with Japanese during the
•c'lting at Shanghai, were plan
i.ag today to erect a monument to
the flyer's memory.
SOOCHOW, China, April 14. (/P)—
Chinese admirers of Robert Short,
American aviator who was killed in
i clash with Japanese during the
•c'lting at Shanghai, were plan
i.ag today to erect a monument to
the flyer's memory.
SOOCHOW, China, April 14. (/P)—
Chinese admirers of Robert Short,
American aviator who was killed in
i clash with Japanese during the
•c'lting at Shanghai, were plan
i.ag today to erect a monument to
the flyer's memory.
SOOCHOW, China, April 14. (/P)—
Chinese admirers of Robert Short,
American aviator who was killed in
i clash with Japanese during the
•c'lting at Shanghai, were plan
i.ag today to erect a monument to
the flyer's memory.
SOOCHOW, China, April 14. (/P)—
Chinese admirers of Robert Short,
American aviator who was killed in
i clash with Japanese during the
•c'lting at Shanghai, were plan
i.ag today to erect a monument to
the flyer's memory.
SOOCHOW, China, April 14. (/P)—
Chinese admirers of Robert Short,
American aviator who was killed in
i clash with Japanese during the
•c'lting at Shanghai, were plan
i.ag today to erect a monument to
the flyer's memory.
SOOCHOW, China, April 14. (/P)—
Chinese admirers of Robert Short,
American aviator who was killed in
i clash with Japanese during the
•c'lting at Shanghai, were plan
i.ag today to erect a monument to
the flyer's memory.
SOOCHOW, China, April 14. (/P)—
Chinese admirers of Robert Short,
American aviator who was killed in
i clash with Japanese during the
•c'lting at Shanghai, were plan
i.ag today to erect a monument to
the flyer's memory.
