# Two New Men Given Faculty Appointments
## Richard LaPiere Promoted To Associate's Job 
### 
Two new appointments to the fac
ulty for the year 1932-33 and one
promotion were confirmed by the
University Board of Trustees at a
meeting in San Francisco yesterday
afternoon.
To fill the vacancy left by the
resignation of Harold R. Benjamin,
professor of education, Dr. Grayson
N. Kehauver has been assigned to
the post of acting professor of educa
tion. Dr. Kehauver is associate pro
fessor of education at Teachers Col
lege, Columbia University. He re
ceived his A.B. degree from the
University of Arizona in 1921, his
A.M. in education from Stanford in
1925, and was granted his Ph.D. in
1928 by the University of Minnesota.
Franklin D. Cooper will be acting
instructor in Civil Engineering for
the year 1932-33. He is a graduate
of the Case School of Applied Sci
ence.
Promotion to the post of associate
professor of economics has been
given Dr. Richard T. LaPiere. Dr.
LaPiere has received three degrees
from Stanford, his A.B. in 1926, his
A.M. in 1927, and his Ph.D. in 1930.
In 1927-28 he studied at the London
School of Economics, specializing in
social theory and social psychology.
Since 1929 he has been an instruc
tor in sociology here.
Two new appointments to the fac
ulty for the year 1932-33 and one
promotion were confirmed by the
University Board of Trustees at a
meeting in San Francisco yesterday
afternoon.
To fill the vacancy left by the
resignation of Harold R. Benjamin,
professor of education, Dr. Grayson
N. Kehauver has been assigned to
the post of acting professor of educa
tion. Dr. Kehauver is associate pro
fessor of education at Teachers Col
lege, Columbia University. He re
ceived his A.B. degree from the
University of Arizona in 1921, his
A.M. in education from Stanford in
1925, and was granted his Ph.D. in
1928 by the University of Minnesota.
Franklin D. Cooper will be acting
instructor in Civil Engineering for
the year 1932-33. He is a graduate
of the Case School of Applied Sci
ence.
Promotion to the post of associate
professor of economics has been
given Dr. Richard T. LaPiere. Dr.
LaPiere has received three degrees
from Stanford, his A.B. in 1926, his
A.M. in 1927, and his Ph.D. in 1930.
In 1927-28 he studied at the London
School of Economics, specializing in
social theory and social psychology.
Since 1929 he has been an instruc
tor in sociology here.
Two new appointments to the fac
ulty for the year 1932-33 and one
promotion were confirmed by the
University Board of Trustees at a
meeting in San Francisco yesterday
afternoon.
To fill the vacancy left by the
resignation of Harold R. Benjamin,
professor of education, Dr. Grayson
N. Kehauver has been assigned to
the post of acting professor of educa
tion. Dr. Kehauver is associate pro
fessor of education at Teachers Col
lege, Columbia University. He re
ceived his A.B. degree from the
University of Arizona in 1921, his
A.M. in education from Stanford in
1925, and was granted his Ph.D. in
1928 by the University of Minnesota.
Franklin D. Cooper will be acting
instructor in Civil Engineering for
the year 1932-33. He is a graduate
of the Case School of Applied Sci
ence.
Promotion to the post of associate
professor of economics has been
given Dr. Richard T. LaPiere. Dr.
LaPiere has received three degrees
from Stanford, his A.B. in 1926, his
A.M. in 1927, and his Ph.D. in 1930.
In 1927-28 he studied at the London
School of Economics, specializing in
social theory and social psychology.
Since 1929 he has been an instruc
tor in sociology here.
Two new appointments to the fac
ulty for the year 1932-33 and one
promotion were confirmed by the
University Board of Trustees at a
meeting in San Francisco yesterday
afternoon.
To fill the vacancy left by the
resignation of Harold R. Benjamin,
professor of education, Dr. Grayson
N. Kehauver has been assigned to
the post of acting professor of educa
tion. Dr. Kehauver is associate pro
fessor of education at Teachers Col
lege, Columbia University. He re
ceived his A.B. degree from the
University of Arizona in 1921, his
A.M. in education from Stanford in
1925, and was granted his Ph.D. in
1928 by the University of Minnesota.
Franklin D. Cooper will be acting
instructor in Civil Engineering for
the year 1932-33. He is a graduate
of the Case School of Applied Sci
ence.
Promotion to the post of associate
professor of economics has been
given Dr. Richard T. LaPiere. Dr.
LaPiere has received three degrees
from Stanford, his A.B. in 1926, his
A.M. in 1927, and his Ph.D. in 1930.
In 1927-28 he studied at the London
School of Economics, specializing in
social theory and social psychology.
Since 1929 he has been an instruc
tor in sociology here.
Two new appointments to the fac
ulty for the year 1932-33 and one
promotion were confirmed by the
University Board of Trustees at a
meeting in San Francisco yesterday
afternoon.
To fill the vacancy left by the
resignation of Harold R. Benjamin,
professor of education, Dr. Grayson
N. Kehauver has been assigned to
the post of acting professor of educa
tion. Dr. Kehauver is associate pro
fessor of education at Teachers Col
lege, Columbia University. He re
ceived his A.B. degree from the
University of Arizona in 1921, his
A.M. in education from Stanford in
1925, and was granted his Ph.D. in
1928 by the University of Minnesota.
Franklin D. Cooper will be acting
instructor in Civil Engineering for
the year 1932-33. He is a graduate
of the Case School of Applied Sci
ence.
Promotion to the post of associate
professor of economics has been
given Dr. Richard T. LaPiere. Dr.
LaPiere has received three degrees
from Stanford, his A.B. in 1926, his
A.M. in 1927, and his Ph.D. in 1930.
In 1927-28 he studied at the London
School of Economics, specializing in
social theory and social psychology.
Since 1929 he has been an instruc
tor in sociology here.
Two new appointments to the fac
ulty for the year 1932-33 and one
promotion were confirmed by the
University Board of Trustees at a
meeting in San Francisco yesterday
afternoon.
To fill the vacancy left by the
resignation of Harold R. Benjamin,
professor of education, Dr. Grayson
N. Kehauver has been assigned to
the post of acting professor of educa
tion. Dr. Kehauver is associate pro
fessor of education at Teachers Col
lege, Columbia University. He re
ceived his A.B. degree from the
University of Arizona in 1921, his
A.M. in education from Stanford in
1925, and was granted his Ph.D. in
1928 by the University of Minnesota.
Franklin D. Cooper will be acting
instructor in Civil Engineering for
the year 1932-33. He is a graduate
of the Case School of Applied Sci
ence.
Promotion to the post of associate
professor of economics has been
given Dr. Richard T. LaPiere. Dr.
LaPiere has received three degrees
from Stanford, his A.B. in 1926, his
A.M. in 1927, and his Ph.D. in 1930.
In 1927-28 he studied at the London
School of Economics, specializing in
social theory and social psychology.
Since 1929 he has been an instruc
tor in sociology here.
Two new appointments to the fac
ulty for the year 1932-33 and one
promotion were confirmed by the
University Board of Trustees at a
meeting in San Francisco yesterday
afternoon.
To fill the vacancy left by the
resignation of Harold R. Benjamin,
professor of education, Dr. Grayson
N. Kehauver has been assigned to
the post of acting professor of educa
tion. Dr. Kehauver is associate pro
fessor of education at Teachers Col
lege, Columbia University. He re
ceived his A.B. degree from the
University of Arizona in 1921, his
A.M. in education from Stanford in
1925, and was granted his Ph.D. in
1928 by the University of Minnesota.
Franklin D. Cooper will be acting
instructor in Civil Engineering for
the year 1932-33. He is a graduate
of the Case School of Applied Sci
ence.
Promotion to the post of associate
professor of economics has been
given Dr. Richard T. LaPiere. Dr.
LaPiere has received three degrees
from Stanford, his A.B. in 1926, his
A.M. in 1927, and his Ph.D. in 1930.
In 1927-28 he studied at the London
School of Economics, specializing in
social theory and social psychology.
Since 1929 he has been an instruc
tor in sociology here.
Two new appointments to the fac
ulty for the year 1932-33 and one
promotion were confirmed by the
University Board of Trustees at a
meeting in San Francisco yesterday
afternoon.
To fill the vacancy left by the
resignation of Harold R. Benjamin,
professor of education, Dr. Grayson
N. Kehauver has been assigned to
the post of acting professor of educa
tion. Dr. Kehauver is associate pro
fessor of education at Teachers Col
lege, Columbia University. He re
ceived his A.B. degree from the
University of Arizona in 1921, his
A.M. in education from Stanford in
1925, and was granted his Ph.D. in
1928 by the University of Minnesota.
Franklin D. Cooper will be acting
instructor in Civil Engineering for
the year 1932-33. He is a graduate
of the Case School of Applied Sci
ence.
Promotion to the post of associate
professor of economics has been
given Dr. Richard T. LaPiere. Dr.
LaPiere has received three degrees
from Stanford, his A.B. in 1926, his
A.M. in 1927, and his Ph.D. in 1930.
In 1927-28 he studied at the London
School of Economics, specializing in
social theory and social psychology.
Since 1929 he has been an instruc
tor in sociology here.
Two new appointments to the fac
ulty for the year 1932-33 and one
promotion were confirmed by the
University Board of Trustees at a
meeting in San Francisco yesterday
afternoon.
To fill the vacancy left by the
resignation of Harold R. Benjamin,
professor of education, Dr. Grayson
N. Kehauver has been assigned to
the post of acting professor of educa
tion. Dr. Kehauver is associate pro
fessor of education at Teachers Col
lege, Columbia University. He re
ceived his A.B. degree from the
University of Arizona in 1921, his
A.M. in education from Stanford in
1925, and was granted his Ph.D. in
1928 by the University of Minnesota.
Franklin D. Cooper will be acting
instructor in Civil Engineering for
the year 1932-33. He is a graduate
of the Case School of Applied Sci
ence.
Promotion to the post of associate
professor of economics has been
given Dr. Richard T. LaPiere. Dr.
LaPiere has received three degrees
from Stanford, his A.B. in 1926, his
A.M. in 1927, and his Ph.D. in 1930.
In 1927-28 he studied at the London
School of Economics, specializing in
social theory and social psychology.
Since 1929 he has been an instruc
tor in sociology here.
Two new appointments to the fac
ulty for the year 1932-33 and one
promotion were confirmed by the
University Board of Trustees at a
meeting in San Francisco yesterday
afternoon.
To fill the vacancy left by the
resignation of Harold R. Benjamin,
professor of education, Dr. Grayson
N. Kehauver has been assigned to
the post of acting professor of educa
tion. Dr. Kehauver is associate pro
fessor of education at Teachers Col
lege, Columbia University. He re
ceived his A.B. degree from the
University of Arizona in 1921, his
A.M. in education from Stanford in
1925, and was granted his Ph.D. in
1928 by the University of Minnesota.
Franklin D. Cooper will be acting
instructor in Civil Engineering for
the year 1932-33. He is a graduate
of the Case School of Applied Sci
ence.
Promotion to the post of associate
professor of economics has been
given Dr. Richard T. LaPiere. Dr.
LaPiere has received three degrees
from Stanford, his A.B. in 1926, his
A.M. in 1927, and his Ph.D. in 1930.
In 1927-28 he studied at the London
School of Economics, specializing in
social theory and social psychology.
Since 1929 he has been an instruc
tor in sociology here.
Two new appointments to the fac
ulty for the year 1932-33 and one
promotion were confirmed by the
University Board of Trustees at a
meeting in San Francisco yesterday
afternoon.
To fill the vacancy left by the
resignation of Harold R. Benjamin,
professor of education, Dr. Grayson
N. Kehauver has been assigned to
the post of acting professor of educa
tion. Dr. Kehauver is associate pro
fessor of education at Teachers Col
lege, Columbia University. He re
ceived his A.B. degree from the
University of Arizona in 1921, his
A.M. in education from Stanford in
1925, and was granted his Ph.D. in
1928 by the University of Minnesota.
Franklin D. Cooper will be acting
instructor in Civil Engineering for
the year 1932-33. He is a graduate
of the Case School of Applied Sci
ence.
Promotion to the post of associate
professor of economics has been
given Dr. Richard T. LaPiere. Dr.
LaPiere has received three degrees
from Stanford, his A.B. in 1926, his
A.M. in 1927, and his Ph.D. in 1930.
In 1927-28 he studied at the London
School of Economics, specializing in
social theory and social psychology.
Since 1929 he has been an instruc
tor in sociology here.
Two new appointments to the fac
ulty for the year 1932-33 and one
promotion were confirmed by the
University Board of Trustees at a
meeting in San Francisco yesterday
afternoon.
To fill the vacancy left by the
resignation of Harold R. Benjamin,
professor of education, Dr. Grayson
N. Kehauver has been assigned to
the post of acting professor of educa
tion. Dr. Kehauver is associate pro
fessor of education at Teachers Col
lege, Columbia University. He re
ceived his A.B. degree from the
University of Arizona in 1921, his
A.M. in education from Stanford in
1925, and was granted his Ph.D. in
1928 by the University of Minnesota.
Franklin D. Cooper will be acting
instructor in Civil Engineering for
the year 1932-33. He is a graduate
of the Case School of Applied Sci
ence.
Promotion to the post of associate
professor of economics has been
given Dr. Richard T. LaPiere. Dr.
LaPiere has received three degrees
from Stanford, his A.B. in 1926, his
A.M. in 1927, and his Ph.D. in 1930.
In 1927-28 he studied at the London
School of Economics, specializing in
social theory and social psychology.
Since 1929 he has been an instruc
tor in sociology here.
Two new appointments to the fac
ulty for the year 1932-33 and one
promotion were confirmed by the
University Board of Trustees at a
meeting in San Francisco yesterday
afternoon.
To fill the vacancy left by the
resignation of Harold R. Benjamin,
professor of education, Dr. Grayson
N. Kehauver has been assigned to
the post of acting professor of educa
tion. Dr. Kehauver is associate pro
fessor of education at Teachers Col
lege, Columbia University. He re
ceived his A.B. degree from the
University of Arizona in 1921, his
A.M. in education from Stanford in
1925, and was granted his Ph.D. in
1928 by the University of Minnesota.
Franklin D. Cooper will be acting
instructor in Civil Engineering for
the year 1932-33. He is a graduate
of the Case School of Applied Sci
ence.
Promotion to the post of associate
professor of economics has been
given Dr. Richard T. LaPiere. Dr.
LaPiere has received three degrees
from Stanford, his A.B. in 1926, his
A.M. in 1927, and his Ph.D. in 1930.
In 1927-28 he studied at the London
School of Economics, specializing in
social theory and social psychology.
Since 1929 he has been an instruc
tor in sociology here.
Two new appointments to the fac
ulty for the year 1932-33 and one
promotion were confirmed by the
University Board of Trustees at a
meeting in San Francisco yesterday
afternoon.
To fill the vacancy left by the
resignation of Harold R. Benjamin,
professor of education, Dr. Grayson
N. Kehauver has been assigned to
the post of acting professor of educa
tion. Dr. Kehauver is associate pro
fessor of education at Teachers Col
lege, Columbia University. He re
ceived his A.B. degree from the
University of Arizona in 1921, his
A.M. in education from Stanford in
1925, and was granted his Ph.D. in
1928 by the University of Minnesota.
Franklin D. Cooper will be acting
instructor in Civil Engineering for
the year 1932-33. He is a graduate
of the Case School of Applied Sci
ence.
Promotion to the post of associate
professor of economics has been
given Dr. Richard T. LaPiere. Dr.
LaPiere has received three degrees
from Stanford, his A.B. in 1926, his
A.M. in 1927, and his Ph.D. in 1930.
In 1927-28 he studied at the London
School of Economics, specializing in
social theory and social psychology.
Since 1929 he has been an instruc
tor in sociology here.
