# Stanford Makes History
## 
### 
The patching up of intercollegiate
differences between Stanford and Cal
ifornia, and incidentally, the removal
of Stanford's disability for entrance
into the Pacific Coast Conference, has
attracted much attention at Univer
sity of Washington, and their "Daily"
welcomed the possibility of competi
tion with this school in an editorial
captioned "Making History."
The patching up of intercollegiate
differences between Stanford and Cal
ifornia, and incidentally, the removal
of Stanford's disability for entrance
into the Pacific Coast Conference, has
attracted much attention at Univer
sity of Washington, and their "Daily"
welcomed the possibility of competi
tion with this school in an editorial
captioned "Making History."
The patching up of intercollegiate
differences between Stanford and Cal
ifornia, and incidentally, the removal
of Stanford's disability for entrance
into the Pacific Coast Conference, has
attracted much attention at Univer
sity of Washington, and their "Daily"
welcomed the possibility of competi
tion with this school in an editorial
captioned "Making History."
The patching up of intercollegiate
differences between Stanford and Cal
ifornia, and incidentally, the removal
of Stanford's disability for entrance
into the Pacific Coast Conference, has
attracted much attention at Univer
sity of Washington, and their "Daily"
welcomed the possibility of competi
tion with this school in an editorial
captioned "Making History."
The patching up of intercollegiate
differences between Stanford and Cal
ifornia, and incidentally, the removal
of Stanford's disability for entrance
into the Pacific Coast Conference, has
attracted much attention at Univer
sity of Washington, and their "Daily"
welcomed the possibility of competi
tion with this school in an editorial
captioned "Making History."
The patching up of intercollegiate
differences between Stanford and Cal
ifornia, and incidentally, the removal
of Stanford's disability for entrance
into the Pacific Coast Conference, has
attracted much attention at Univer
sity of Washington, and their "Daily"
welcomed the possibility of competi
tion with this school in an editorial
captioned "Making History."
The patching up of intercollegiate
differences between Stanford and Cal
ifornia, and incidentally, the removal
of Stanford's disability for entrance
into the Pacific Coast Conference, has
attracted much attention at Univer
sity of Washington, and their "Daily"
welcomed the possibility of competi
tion with this school in an editorial
captioned "Making History."
The patching up of intercollegiate
differences between Stanford and Cal
ifornia, and incidentally, the removal
of Stanford's disability for entrance
into the Pacific Coast Conference, has
attracted much attention at Univer
sity of Washington, and their "Daily"
welcomed the possibility of competi
tion with this school in an editorial
captioned "Making History."
The patching up of intercollegiate
differences between Stanford and Cal
ifornia, and incidentally, the removal
of Stanford's disability for entrance
into the Pacific Coast Conference, has
attracted much attention at Univer
sity of Washington, and their "Daily"
welcomed the possibility of competi
tion with this school in an editorial
captioned "Making History."
The patching up of intercollegiate
differences between Stanford and Cal
ifornia, and incidentally, the removal
of Stanford's disability for entrance
into the Pacific Coast Conference, has
attracted much attention at Univer
sity of Washington, and their "Daily"
welcomed the possibility of competi
tion with this school in an editorial
captioned "Making History."
The patching up of intercollegiate
differences between Stanford and Cal
ifornia, and incidentally, the removal
of Stanford's disability for entrance
into the Pacific Coast Conference, has
attracted much attention at Univer
sity of Washington, and their "Daily"
welcomed the possibility of competi
tion with this school in an editorial
captioned "Making History."
The patching up of intercollegiate
differences between Stanford and Cal
ifornia, and incidentally, the removal
of Stanford's disability for entrance
into the Pacific Coast Conference, has
attracted much attention at Univer
sity of Washington, and their "Daily"
welcomed the possibility of competi
tion with this school in an editorial
captioned "Making History."
The patching up of intercollegiate
differences between Stanford and Cal
ifornia, and incidentally, the removal
of Stanford's disability for entrance
into the Pacific Coast Conference, has
attracted much attention at Univer
sity of Washington, and their "Daily"
welcomed the possibility of competi
tion with this school in an editorial
captioned "Making History."
The patching up of intercollegiate
differences between Stanford and Cal
ifornia, and incidentally, the removal
of Stanford's disability for entrance
into the Pacific Coast Conference, has
attracted much attention at Univer
sity of Washington, and their "Daily"
welcomed the possibility of competi
tion with this school in an editorial
captioned "Making History."
