# GEORGE HORINE, '13, TO BECOME FARMER
## 
### 
George Horine, ex-'l3, former Stan
ford and Olympic track star, and at
present holder of the American Inter
collegiate high-jump record, the Stan
ford-California mark, and the Coast
indoor high-jump record, has said
good-by to athletics for all time and
is to become a tiller of the fertile
soil at Winton, in Merced county.
Horine came to Stanford in 1910
and under the careful guidance of Dad
Moulton he developed a style of his
own. This he brought to such per
fection by llie spring of 1012 that on
March 30 of that year ho cleared the
bar at f> feet fiV& inches, breaking the
record which had been set in 189f> by
M. J. Sweeney. Two months later, on
tlie occasion of the Pacific Coast try
outs for the Olympic team, Horine
made the highest jump of his career,
when he cleared the bar at (! feet 7
inches.
George Horine, ex-'l3, former Stan
ford and Olympic track star, and at
present holder of the American Inter
collegiate high-jump record, the Stan
ford-California mark, and the Coast
indoor high-jump record, has said
good-by to athletics for all time and
is to become a tiller of the fertile
soil at Winton, in Merced county.
Horine came to Stanford in 1910
and under the careful guidance of Dad
Moulton he developed a style of his
own. This he brought to such per
fection by llie spring of 1012 that on
March 30 of that year ho cleared the
bar at f> feet fiV& inches, breaking the
record which had been set in 189f> by
M. J. Sweeney. Two months later, on
tlie occasion of the Pacific Coast try
outs for the Olympic team, Horine
made the highest jump of his career,
when he cleared the bar at (! feet 7
inches.
George Horine, ex-'l3, former Stan
ford and Olympic track star, and at
present holder of the American Inter
collegiate high-jump record, the Stan
ford-California mark, and the Coast
indoor high-jump record, has said
good-by to athletics for all time and
is to become a tiller of the fertile
soil at Winton, in Merced county.
Horine came to Stanford in 1910
and under the careful guidance of Dad
Moulton he developed a style of his
own. This he brought to such per
fection by llie spring of 1012 that on
March 30 of that year ho cleared the
bar at f> feet fiV& inches, breaking the
record which had been set in 189f> by
M. J. Sweeney. Two months later, on
tlie occasion of the Pacific Coast try
outs for the Olympic team, Horine
made the highest jump of his career,
when he cleared the bar at (! feet 7
inches.
George Horine, ex-'l3, former Stan
ford and Olympic track star, and at
present holder of the American Inter
collegiate high-jump record, the Stan
ford-California mark, and the Coast
indoor high-jump record, has said
good-by to athletics for all time and
is to become a tiller of the fertile
soil at Winton, in Merced county.
Horine came to Stanford in 1910
and under the careful guidance of Dad
Moulton he developed a style of his
own. This he brought to such per
fection by llie spring of 1012 that on
March 30 of that year ho cleared the
bar at f> feet fiV& inches, breaking the
record which had been set in 189f> by
M. J. Sweeney. Two months later, on
tlie occasion of the Pacific Coast try
outs for the Olympic team, Horine
made the highest jump of his career,
when he cleared the bar at (! feet 7
inches.
George Horine, ex-'l3, former Stan
ford and Olympic track star, and at
present holder of the American Inter
collegiate high-jump record, the Stan
ford-California mark, and the Coast
indoor high-jump record, has said
good-by to athletics for all time and
is to become a tiller of the fertile
soil at Winton, in Merced county.
Horine came to Stanford in 1910
and under the careful guidance of Dad
Moulton he developed a style of his
own. This he brought to such per
fection by llie spring of 1012 that on
March 30 of that year ho cleared the
bar at f> feet fiV& inches, breaking the
record which had been set in 189f> by
M. J. Sweeney. Two months later, on
tlie occasion of the Pacific Coast try
outs for the Olympic team, Horine
made the highest jump of his career,
when he cleared the bar at (! feet 7
inches.
George Horine, ex-'l3, former Stan
ford and Olympic track star, and at
present holder of the American Inter
collegiate high-jump record, the Stan
ford-California mark, and the Coast
indoor high-jump record, has said
good-by to athletics for all time and
is to become a tiller of the fertile
soil at Winton, in Merced county.
Horine came to Stanford in 1910
and under the careful guidance of Dad
Moulton he developed a style of his
own. This he brought to such per
fection by llie spring of 1012 that on
March 30 of that year ho cleared the
bar at f> feet fiV& inches, breaking the
record which had been set in 189f> by
M. J. Sweeney. Two months later, on
tlie occasion of the Pacific Coast try
outs for the Olympic team, Horine
made the highest jump of his career,
when he cleared the bar at (! feet 7
inches.
George Horine, ex-'l3, former Stan
ford and Olympic track star, and at
present holder of the American Inter
collegiate high-jump record, the Stan
ford-California mark, and the Coast
indoor high-jump record, has said
good-by to athletics for all time and
is to become a tiller of the fertile
soil at Winton, in Merced county.
Horine came to Stanford in 1910
and under the careful guidance of Dad
Moulton he developed a style of his
own. This he brought to such per
fection by llie spring of 1012 that on
March 30 of that year ho cleared the
bar at f> feet fiV& inches, breaking the
record which had been set in 189f> by
M. J. Sweeney. Two months later, on
tlie occasion of the Pacific Coast try
outs for the Olympic team, Horine
made the highest jump of his career,
when he cleared the bar at (! feet 7
inches.
George Horine, ex-'l3, former Stan
ford and Olympic track star, and at
present holder of the American Inter
collegiate high-jump record, the Stan
ford-California mark, and the Coast
indoor high-jump record, has said
good-by to athletics for all time and
is to become a tiller of the fertile
soil at Winton, in Merced county.
Horine came to Stanford in 1910
and under the careful guidance of Dad
Moulton he developed a style of his
own. This he brought to such per
fection by llie spring of 1012 that on
March 30 of that year ho cleared the
bar at f> feet fiV& inches, breaking the
record which had been set in 189f> by
M. J. Sweeney. Two months later, on
tlie occasion of the Pacific Coast try
outs for the Olympic team, Horine
made the highest jump of his career,
when he cleared the bar at (! feet 7
inches.
George Horine, ex-'l3, former Stan
ford and Olympic track star, and at
present holder of the American Inter
collegiate high-jump record, the Stan
ford-California mark, and the Coast
indoor high-jump record, has said
good-by to athletics for all time and
is to become a tiller of the fertile
soil at Winton, in Merced county.
Horine came to Stanford in 1910
and under the careful guidance of Dad
Moulton he developed a style of his
own. This he brought to such per
fection by llie spring of 1012 that on
March 30 of that year ho cleared the
bar at f> feet fiV& inches, breaking the
record which had been set in 189f> by
M. J. Sweeney. Two months later, on
tlie occasion of the Pacific Coast try
outs for the Olympic team, Horine
made the highest jump of his career,
when he cleared the bar at (! feet 7
inches.
George Horine, ex-'l3, former Stan
ford and Olympic track star, and at
present holder of the American Inter
collegiate high-jump record, the Stan
ford-California mark, and the Coast
indoor high-jump record, has said
good-by to athletics for all time and
is to become a tiller of the fertile
soil at Winton, in Merced county.
Horine came to Stanford in 1910
and under the careful guidance of Dad
Moulton he developed a style of his
own. This he brought to such per
fection by llie spring of 1012 that on
March 30 of that year ho cleared the
bar at f> feet fiV& inches, breaking the
record which had been set in 189f> by
M. J. Sweeney. Two months later, on
tlie occasion of the Pacific Coast try
outs for the Olympic team, Horine
made the highest jump of his career,
when he cleared the bar at (! feet 7
inches.
George Horine, ex-'l3, former Stan
ford and Olympic track star, and at
present holder of the American Inter
collegiate high-jump record, the Stan
ford-California mark, and the Coast
indoor high-jump record, has said
good-by to athletics for all time and
is to become a tiller of the fertile
soil at Winton, in Merced county.
Horine came to Stanford in 1910
and under the careful guidance of Dad
Moulton he developed a style of his
own. This he brought to such per
fection by llie spring of 1012 that on
March 30 of that year ho cleared the
bar at f> feet fiV& inches, breaking the
record which had been set in 189f> by
M. J. Sweeney. Two months later, on
tlie occasion of the Pacific Coast try
outs for the Olympic team, Horine
made the highest jump of his career,
when he cleared the bar at (! feet 7
inches.
George Horine, ex-'l3, former Stan
ford and Olympic track star, and at
present holder of the American Inter
collegiate high-jump record, the Stan
ford-California mark, and the Coast
indoor high-jump record, has said
good-by to athletics for all time and
is to become a tiller of the fertile
soil at Winton, in Merced county.
Horine came to Stanford in 1910
and under the careful guidance of Dad
Moulton he developed a style of his
own. This he brought to such per
fection by llie spring of 1012 that on
March 30 of that year ho cleared the
bar at f> feet fiV& inches, breaking the
record which had been set in 189f> by
M. J. Sweeney. Two months later, on
tlie occasion of the Pacific Coast try
outs for the Olympic team, Horine
made the highest jump of his career,
when he cleared the bar at (! feet 7
inches.
George Horine, ex-'l3, former Stan
ford and Olympic track star, and at
present holder of the American Inter
collegiate high-jump record, the Stan
ford-California mark, and the Coast
indoor high-jump record, has said
good-by to athletics for all time and
is to become a tiller of the fertile
soil at Winton, in Merced county.
Horine came to Stanford in 1910
and under the careful guidance of Dad
Moulton he developed a style of his
own. This he brought to such per
fection by llie spring of 1012 that on
March 30 of that year ho cleared the
bar at f> feet fiV& inches, breaking the
record which had been set in 189f> by
M. J. Sweeney. Two months later, on
tlie occasion of the Pacific Coast try
outs for the Olympic team, Horine
made the highest jump of his career,
when he cleared the bar at (! feet 7
inches.
George Horine, ex-'l3, former Stan
ford and Olympic track star, and at
present holder of the American Inter
collegiate high-jump record, the Stan
ford-California mark, and the Coast
indoor high-jump record, has said
good-by to athletics for all time and
is to become a tiller of the fertile
soil at Winton, in Merced county.
Horine came to Stanford in 1910
and under the careful guidance of Dad
Moulton he developed a style of his
own. This he brought to such per
fection by llie spring of 1012 that on
March 30 of that year ho cleared the
bar at f> feet fiV& inches, breaking the
record which had been set in 189f> by
M. J. Sweeney. Two months later, on
tlie occasion of the Pacific Coast try
outs for the Olympic team, Horine
made the highest jump of his career,
when he cleared the bar at (! feet 7
inches.
