# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Entries for the Sideline Slants
Big Meet Dope Sheet Contest
are still coming into The Daily
oflice. and still show a slight
edge for the Indian tracksters.
Prizes will be announced in
tomorrow's Daily, and the dead
line will be Friday noon. En
tries, with first, second, and
third choices for each event,
may be placed in the envelope
on The Daily bulletin board.
Entries for the Sideline Slants
Big Meet Dope Sheet Contest
are still coming into The Daily
oflice. and still show a slight
edge for the Indian tracksters.
Prizes will be announced in
tomorrow's Daily, and the dead
line will be Friday noon. En
tries, with first, second, and
third choices for each event,
may be placed in the envelope
on The Daily bulletin board.
Entries for the Sideline Slants
Big Meet Dope Sheet Contest
are still coming into The Daily
oflice. and still show a slight
edge for the Indian tracksters.
Prizes will be announced in
tomorrow's Daily, and the dead
line will be Friday noon. En
tries, with first, second, and
third choices for each event,
may be placed in the envelope
on The Daily bulletin board.
Entries for the Sideline Slants
Big Meet Dope Sheet Contest
are still coming into The Daily
oflice. and still show a slight
edge for the Indian tracksters.
Prizes will be announced in
tomorrow's Daily, and the dead
line will be Friday noon. En
tries, with first, second, and
third choices for each event,
may be placed in the envelope
on The Daily bulletin board.
Entries for the Sideline Slants
Big Meet Dope Sheet Contest
are still coming into The Daily
oflice. and still show a slight
edge for the Indian tracksters.
Prizes will be announced in
tomorrow's Daily, and the dead
line will be Friday noon. En
tries, with first, second, and
third choices for each event,
may be placed in the envelope
on The Daily bulletin board.
Entries for the Sideline Slants
Big Meet Dope Sheet Contest
are still coming into The Daily
oflice. and still show a slight
edge for the Indian tracksters.
Prizes will be announced in
tomorrow's Daily, and the dead
line will be Friday noon. En
tries, with first, second, and
third choices for each event,
may be placed in the envelope
on The Daily bulletin board.
Entries for the Sideline Slants
Big Meet Dope Sheet Contest
are still coming into The Daily
oflice. and still show a slight
edge for the Indian tracksters.
Prizes will be announced in
tomorrow's Daily, and the dead
line will be Friday noon. En
tries, with first, second, and
third choices for each event,
may be placed in the envelope
on The Daily bulletin board.
Entries for the Sideline Slants
Big Meet Dope Sheet Contest
are still coming into The Daily
oflice. and still show a slight
edge for the Indian tracksters.
Prizes will be announced in
tomorrow's Daily, and the dead
line will be Friday noon. En
tries, with first, second, and
third choices for each event,
may be placed in the envelope
on The Daily bulletin board.
Entries for the Sideline Slants
Big Meet Dope Sheet Contest
are still coming into The Daily
oflice. and still show a slight
edge for the Indian tracksters.
Prizes will be announced in
tomorrow's Daily, and the dead
line will be Friday noon. En
tries, with first, second, and
third choices for each event,
may be placed in the envelope
on The Daily bulletin board.
Entries for the Sideline Slants
Big Meet Dope Sheet Contest
are still coming into The Daily
oflice. and still show a slight
edge for the Indian tracksters.
Prizes will be announced in
tomorrow's Daily, and the dead
line will be Friday noon. En
tries, with first, second, and
third choices for each event,
may be placed in the envelope
on The Daily bulletin board.
Entries for the Sideline Slants
Big Meet Dope Sheet Contest
are still coming into The Daily
oflice. and still show a slight
edge for the Indian tracksters.
Prizes will be announced in
tomorrow's Daily, and the dead
line will be Friday noon. En
tries, with first, second, and
third choices for each event,
may be placed in the envelope
on The Daily bulletin board.
Entries for the Sideline Slants
Big Meet Dope Sheet Contest
are still coming into The Daily
oflice. and still show a slight
edge for the Indian tracksters.
Prizes will be announced in
tomorrow's Daily, and the dead
line will be Friday noon. En
tries, with first, second, and
third choices for each event,
may be placed in the envelope
on The Daily bulletin board.
Entries for the Sideline Slants
Big Meet Dope Sheet Contest
are still coming into The Daily
oflice. and still show a slight
edge for the Indian tracksters.
Prizes will be announced in
tomorrow's Daily, and the dead
line will be Friday noon. En
tries, with first, second, and
third choices for each event,
may be placed in the envelope
on The Daily bulletin board.
Entries for the Sideline Slants
Big Meet Dope Sheet Contest
are still coming into The Daily
oflice. and still show a slight
edge for the Indian tracksters.
Prizes will be announced in
tomorrow's Daily, and the dead
line will be Friday noon. En
tries, with first, second, and
third choices for each event,
may be placed in the envelope
on The Daily bulletin board.
Entries for the Sideline Slants
Big Meet Dope Sheet Contest
are still coming into The Daily
oflice. and still show a slight
edge for the Indian tracksters.
Prizes will be announced in
tomorrow's Daily, and the dead
line will be Friday noon. En
tries, with first, second, and
third choices for each event,
may be placed in the envelope
on The Daily bulletin board.
