# MEETING CHANGED
## 
### 
I Meeting of the Stanford Badmin
ton Club, originally scheduled for
i today, has been changed to Thurs
| day. President Miller Freeman an-
I Meeting of the Stanford Badmin
ton Club, originally scheduled for
i today, has been changed to Thurs
| day. President Miller Freeman an-
I Meeting of the Stanford Badmin
ton Club, originally scheduled for
i today, has been changed to Thurs
| day. President Miller Freeman an-
I Meeting of the Stanford Badmin
ton Club, originally scheduled for
i today, has been changed to Thurs
| day. President Miller Freeman an-
I Meeting of the Stanford Badmin
ton Club, originally scheduled for
i today, has been changed to Thurs
| day. President Miller Freeman an-
I Meeting of the Stanford Badmin
ton Club, originally scheduled for
i today, has been changed to Thurs
| day. President Miller Freeman an-
I Meeting of the Stanford Badmin
ton Club, originally scheduled for
i today, has been changed to Thurs
| day. President Miller Freeman an-
I Meeting of the Stanford Badmin
ton Club, originally scheduled for
i today, has been changed to Thurs
| day. President Miller Freeman an-
I Meeting of the Stanford Badmin
ton Club, originally scheduled for
i today, has been changed to Thurs
| day. President Miller Freeman an-
I Meeting of the Stanford Badmin
ton Club, originally scheduled for
i today, has been changed to Thurs
| day. President Miller Freeman an-
I Meeting of the Stanford Badmin
ton Club, originally scheduled for
i today, has been changed to Thurs
| day. President Miller Freeman an-
I Meeting of the Stanford Badmin
ton Club, originally scheduled for
i today, has been changed to Thurs
| day. President Miller Freeman an-
I Meeting of the Stanford Badmin
ton Club, originally scheduled for
i today, has been changed to Thurs
| day. President Miller Freeman an-
I Meeting of the Stanford Badmin
ton Club, originally scheduled for
i today, has been changed to Thurs
| day. President Miller Freeman an-
I Meeting of the Stanford Badmin
ton Club, originally scheduled for
i today, has been changed to Thurs
| day. President Miller Freeman an-
