# ECONOMICS GRADUATES
## 
### 
Students majoring in the depart
ment of Economics who expect to
graduate at the end of this quarter
are asked to .see Professor B. F.
Haley in Room 231 at 12:45 o'clock
today. The meeting will not take
more than 15 or 20 minutes.
Students majoring in the depart
ment of Economics who expect to
graduate at the end of this quarter
are asked to .see Professor B. F.
Haley in Room 231 at 12:45 o'clock
today. The meeting will not take
more than 15 or 20 minutes.
Students majoring in the depart
ment of Economics who expect to
graduate at the end of this quarter
are asked to .see Professor B. F.
Haley in Room 231 at 12:45 o'clock
today. The meeting will not take
more than 15 or 20 minutes.
Students majoring in the depart
ment of Economics who expect to
graduate at the end of this quarter
are asked to .see Professor B. F.
Haley in Room 231 at 12:45 o'clock
today. The meeting will not take
more than 15 or 20 minutes.
Students majoring in the depart
ment of Economics who expect to
graduate at the end of this quarter
are asked to .see Professor B. F.
Haley in Room 231 at 12:45 o'clock
today. The meeting will not take
more than 15 or 20 minutes.
Students majoring in the depart
ment of Economics who expect to
graduate at the end of this quarter
are asked to .see Professor B. F.
Haley in Room 231 at 12:45 o'clock
today. The meeting will not take
more than 15 or 20 minutes.
Students majoring in the depart
ment of Economics who expect to
graduate at the end of this quarter
are asked to .see Professor B. F.
Haley in Room 231 at 12:45 o'clock
today. The meeting will not take
more than 15 or 20 minutes.
Students majoring in the depart
ment of Economics who expect to
graduate at the end of this quarter
are asked to .see Professor B. F.
Haley in Room 231 at 12:45 o'clock
today. The meeting will not take
more than 15 or 20 minutes.
Students majoring in the depart
ment of Economics who expect to
graduate at the end of this quarter
are asked to .see Professor B. F.
Haley in Room 231 at 12:45 o'clock
today. The meeting will not take
more than 15 or 20 minutes.
Students majoring in the depart
ment of Economics who expect to
graduate at the end of this quarter
are asked to .see Professor B. F.
Haley in Room 231 at 12:45 o'clock
today. The meeting will not take
more than 15 or 20 minutes.
Students majoring in the depart
ment of Economics who expect to
graduate at the end of this quarter
are asked to .see Professor B. F.
Haley in Room 231 at 12:45 o'clock
today. The meeting will not take
more than 15 or 20 minutes.
Students majoring in the depart
ment of Economics who expect to
graduate at the end of this quarter
are asked to .see Professor B. F.
Haley in Room 231 at 12:45 o'clock
today. The meeting will not take
more than 15 or 20 minutes.
Students majoring in the depart
ment of Economics who expect to
graduate at the end of this quarter
are asked to .see Professor B. F.
Haley in Room 231 at 12:45 o'clock
today. The meeting will not take
more than 15 or 20 minutes.
Students majoring in the depart
ment of Economics who expect to
graduate at the end of this quarter
are asked to .see Professor B. F.
Haley in Room 231 at 12:45 o'clock
today. The meeting will not take
more than 15 or 20 minutes.
Students majoring in the depart
ment of Economics who expect to
graduate at the end of this quarter
are asked to .see Professor B. F.
Haley in Room 231 at 12:45 o'clock
today. The meeting will not take
more than 15 or 20 minutes.
