# Untitled Article
## 
### 
All junior men are asked to re
port at Enclna gym on Friday after
noon and Saturday, to work on the
Prom.
All junior men are asked to re
port at Enclna gym on Friday after
noon and Saturday, to work on the
Prom.
All junior men are asked to re
port at Enclna gym on Friday after
noon and Saturday, to work on the
Prom.
All junior men are asked to re
port at Enclna gym on Friday after
noon and Saturday, to work on the
Prom.
All junior men are asked to re
port at Enclna gym on Friday after
noon and Saturday, to work on the
Prom.
All junior men are asked to re
port at Enclna gym on Friday after
noon and Saturday, to work on the
Prom.
All junior men are asked to re
port at Enclna gym on Friday after
noon and Saturday, to work on the
Prom.
All junior men are asked to re
port at Enclna gym on Friday after
noon and Saturday, to work on the
Prom.
All junior men are asked to re
port at Enclna gym on Friday after
noon and Saturday, to work on the
Prom.
All junior men are asked to re
port at Enclna gym on Friday after
noon and Saturday, to work on the
Prom.
All junior men are asked to re
port at Enclna gym on Friday after
noon and Saturday, to work on the
Prom.
All junior men are asked to re
port at Enclna gym on Friday after
noon and Saturday, to work on the
Prom.
