# Critic to Review Song Literature
## 
### 
"Song Literature" will be the topic
of Alfred V. Frankenstein in his
opening talk today at 4:.'H) o'clock on
the Tuesday and Thursday lecture
series of the Division of Music.
Starting with Beethoven, he will
review the great song cycles of the
10th century and compare them
with similar works being written
today. As a course of study this
will be Music 130 for 1> units. Sub
scribers to the Friends of Music at
Stanford and members of the fac
ulty are invited.
Warren D. Allen, chairman of the
Division of Music, will inaugurate
Wednesday evening at 7:150 o'clock
a weekly season of lectures in the
auditorium of the Education Build
ing on the Symphony Orchestra, its
history, function, literature and
structure. These evening lectures
will be part of a regular course,
Music IUG, offered for four units.
The morning lectures are set for
Tuesdays and Thursday at 11
o'clock.
"Song Literature" will be the topic
of Alfred V. Frankenstein in his
opening talk today at 4:.'H) o'clock on
the Tuesday and Thursday lecture
series of the Division of Music.
Starting with Beethoven, he will
review the great song cycles of the
10th century and compare them
with similar works being written
today. As a course of study this
will be Music 130 for 1> units. Sub
scribers to the Friends of Music at
Stanford and members of the fac
ulty are invited.
Warren D. Allen, chairman of the
Division of Music, will inaugurate
Wednesday evening at 7:150 o'clock
a weekly season of lectures in the
auditorium of the Education Build
ing on the Symphony Orchestra, its
history, function, literature and
structure. These evening lectures
will be part of a regular course,
Music IUG, offered for four units.
The morning lectures are set for
Tuesdays and Thursday at 11
o'clock.
"Song Literature" will be the topic
of Alfred V. Frankenstein in his
opening talk today at 4:.'H) o'clock on
the Tuesday and Thursday lecture
series of the Division of Music.
Starting with Beethoven, he will
review the great song cycles of the
10th century and compare them
with similar works being written
today. As a course of study this
will be Music 130 for 1> units. Sub
scribers to the Friends of Music at
Stanford and members of the fac
ulty are invited.
Warren D. Allen, chairman of the
Division of Music, will inaugurate
Wednesday evening at 7:150 o'clock
a weekly season of lectures in the
auditorium of the Education Build
ing on the Symphony Orchestra, its
history, function, literature and
structure. These evening lectures
will be part of a regular course,
Music IUG, offered for four units.
The morning lectures are set for
Tuesdays and Thursday at 11
o'clock.
"Song Literature" will be the topic
of Alfred V. Frankenstein in his
opening talk today at 4:.'H) o'clock on
the Tuesday and Thursday lecture
series of the Division of Music.
Starting with Beethoven, he will
review the great song cycles of the
10th century and compare them
with similar works being written
today. As a course of study this
will be Music 130 for 1> units. Sub
scribers to the Friends of Music at
Stanford and members of the fac
ulty are invited.
Warren D. Allen, chairman of the
Division of Music, will inaugurate
Wednesday evening at 7:150 o'clock
a weekly season of lectures in the
auditorium of the Education Build
ing on the Symphony Orchestra, its
history, function, literature and
structure. These evening lectures
will be part of a regular course,
Music IUG, offered for four units.
The morning lectures are set for
Tuesdays and Thursday at 11
o'clock.
"Song Literature" will be the topic
of Alfred V. Frankenstein in his
opening talk today at 4:.'H) o'clock on
the Tuesday and Thursday lecture
series of the Division of Music.
Starting with Beethoven, he will
review the great song cycles of the
10th century and compare them
with similar works being written
today. As a course of study this
will be Music 130 for 1> units. Sub
scribers to the Friends of Music at
Stanford and members of the fac
ulty are invited.
Warren D. Allen, chairman of the
Division of Music, will inaugurate
Wednesday evening at 7:150 o'clock
a weekly season of lectures in the
auditorium of the Education Build
ing on the Symphony Orchestra, its
history, function, literature and
structure. These evening lectures
will be part of a regular course,
Music IUG, offered for four units.
The morning lectures are set for
Tuesdays and Thursday at 11
o'clock.
"Song Literature" will be the topic
of Alfred V. Frankenstein in his
opening talk today at 4:.'H) o'clock on
the Tuesday and Thursday lecture
series of the Division of Music.
Starting with Beethoven, he will
review the great song cycles of the
10th century and compare them
with similar works being written
today. As a course of study this
will be Music 130 for 1> units. Sub
scribers to the Friends of Music at
Stanford and members of the fac
ulty are invited.
Warren D. Allen, chairman of the
Division of Music, will inaugurate
Wednesday evening at 7:150 o'clock
a weekly season of lectures in the
auditorium of the Education Build
ing on the Symphony Orchestra, its
history, function, literature and
structure. These evening lectures
will be part of a regular course,
Music IUG, offered for four units.
The morning lectures are set for
Tuesdays and Thursday at 11
o'clock.
"Song Literature" will be the topic
of Alfred V. Frankenstein in his
opening talk today at 4:.'H) o'clock on
the Tuesday and Thursday lecture
series of the Division of Music.
Starting with Beethoven, he will
review the great song cycles of the
10th century and compare them
with similar works being written
today. As a course of study this
will be Music 130 for 1> units. Sub
scribers to the Friends of Music at
Stanford and members of the fac
ulty are invited.
Warren D. Allen, chairman of the
Division of Music, will inaugurate
Wednesday evening at 7:150 o'clock
a weekly season of lectures in the
auditorium of the Education Build
ing on the Symphony Orchestra, its
history, function, literature and
structure. These evening lectures
will be part of a regular course,
Music IUG, offered for four units.
The morning lectures are set for
Tuesdays and Thursday at 11
o'clock.
"Song Literature" will be the topic
of Alfred V. Frankenstein in his
opening talk today at 4:.'H) o'clock on
the Tuesday and Thursday lecture
series of the Division of Music.
Starting with Beethoven, he will
review the great song cycles of the
10th century and compare them
with similar works being written
today. As a course of study this
will be Music 130 for 1> units. Sub
scribers to the Friends of Music at
Stanford and members of the fac
ulty are invited.
Warren D. Allen, chairman of the
Division of Music, will inaugurate
Wednesday evening at 7:150 o'clock
a weekly season of lectures in the
auditorium of the Education Build
ing on the Symphony Orchestra, its
history, function, literature and
structure. These evening lectures
will be part of a regular course,
Music IUG, offered for four units.
The morning lectures are set for
Tuesdays and Thursday at 11
o'clock.
"Song Literature" will be the topic
of Alfred V. Frankenstein in his
opening talk today at 4:.'H) o'clock on
the Tuesday and Thursday lecture
series of the Division of Music.
Starting with Beethoven, he will
review the great song cycles of the
10th century and compare them
with similar works being written
today. As a course of study this
will be Music 130 for 1> units. Sub
scribers to the Friends of Music at
Stanford and members of the fac
ulty are invited.
Warren D. Allen, chairman of the
Division of Music, will inaugurate
Wednesday evening at 7:150 o'clock
a weekly season of lectures in the
auditorium of the Education Build
ing on the Symphony Orchestra, its
history, function, literature and
structure. These evening lectures
will be part of a regular course,
Music IUG, offered for four units.
The morning lectures are set for
Tuesdays and Thursday at 11
o'clock.
"Song Literature" will be the topic
of Alfred V. Frankenstein in his
opening talk today at 4:.'H) o'clock on
the Tuesday and Thursday lecture
series of the Division of Music.
Starting with Beethoven, he will
review the great song cycles of the
10th century and compare them
with similar works being written
today. As a course of study this
will be Music 130 for 1> units. Sub
scribers to the Friends of Music at
Stanford and members of the fac
ulty are invited.
Warren D. Allen, chairman of the
Division of Music, will inaugurate
Wednesday evening at 7:150 o'clock
a weekly season of lectures in the
auditorium of the Education Build
ing on the Symphony Orchestra, its
history, function, literature and
structure. These evening lectures
will be part of a regular course,
Music IUG, offered for four units.
The morning lectures are set for
Tuesdays and Thursday at 11
o'clock.
"Song Literature" will be the topic
of Alfred V. Frankenstein in his
opening talk today at 4:.'H) o'clock on
the Tuesday and Thursday lecture
series of the Division of Music.
Starting with Beethoven, he will
review the great song cycles of the
10th century and compare them
with similar works being written
today. As a course of study this
will be Music 130 for 1> units. Sub
scribers to the Friends of Music at
Stanford and members of the fac
ulty are invited.
Warren D. Allen, chairman of the
Division of Music, will inaugurate
Wednesday evening at 7:150 o'clock
a weekly season of lectures in the
auditorium of the Education Build
ing on the Symphony Orchestra, its
history, function, literature and
structure. These evening lectures
will be part of a regular course,
Music IUG, offered for four units.
The morning lectures are set for
Tuesdays and Thursday at 11
o'clock.
"Song Literature" will be the topic
of Alfred V. Frankenstein in his
opening talk today at 4:.'H) o'clock on
the Tuesday and Thursday lecture
series of the Division of Music.
Starting with Beethoven, he will
review the great song cycles of the
10th century and compare them
with similar works being written
today. As a course of study this
will be Music 130 for 1> units. Sub
scribers to the Friends of Music at
Stanford and members of the fac
ulty are invited.
Warren D. Allen, chairman of the
Division of Music, will inaugurate
Wednesday evening at 7:150 o'clock
a weekly season of lectures in the
auditorium of the Education Build
ing on the Symphony Orchestra, its
history, function, literature and
structure. These evening lectures
will be part of a regular course,
Music IUG, offered for four units.
The morning lectures are set for
Tuesdays and Thursday at 11
o'clock.
"Song Literature" will be the topic
of Alfred V. Frankenstein in his
opening talk today at 4:.'H) o'clock on
the Tuesday and Thursday lecture
series of the Division of Music.
Starting with Beethoven, he will
review the great song cycles of the
10th century and compare them
with similar works being written
today. As a course of study this
will be Music 130 for 1> units. Sub
scribers to the Friends of Music at
Stanford and members of the fac
ulty are invited.
Warren D. Allen, chairman of the
Division of Music, will inaugurate
Wednesday evening at 7:150 o'clock
a weekly season of lectures in the
auditorium of the Education Build
ing on the Symphony Orchestra, its
history, function, literature and
structure. These evening lectures
will be part of a regular course,
Music IUG, offered for four units.
The morning lectures are set for
Tuesdays and Thursday at 11
o'clock.
"Song Literature" will be the topic
of Alfred V. Frankenstein in his
opening talk today at 4:.'H) o'clock on
the Tuesday and Thursday lecture
series of the Division of Music.
Starting with Beethoven, he will
review the great song cycles of the
10th century and compare them
with similar works being written
today. As a course of study this
will be Music 130 for 1> units. Sub
scribers to the Friends of Music at
Stanford and members of the fac
ulty are invited.
Warren D. Allen, chairman of the
Division of Music, will inaugurate
Wednesday evening at 7:150 o'clock
a weekly season of lectures in the
auditorium of the Education Build
ing on the Symphony Orchestra, its
history, function, literature and
structure. These evening lectures
will be part of a regular course,
Music IUG, offered for four units.
The morning lectures are set for
Tuesdays and Thursday at 11
o'clock.
"Song Literature" will be the topic
of Alfred V. Frankenstein in his
opening talk today at 4:.'H) o'clock on
the Tuesday and Thursday lecture
series of the Division of Music.
Starting with Beethoven, he will
review the great song cycles of the
10th century and compare them
with similar works being written
today. As a course of study this
will be Music 130 for 1> units. Sub
scribers to the Friends of Music at
Stanford and members of the fac
ulty are invited.
Warren D. Allen, chairman of the
Division of Music, will inaugurate
Wednesday evening at 7:150 o'clock
a weekly season of lectures in the
auditorium of the Education Build
ing on the Symphony Orchestra, its
history, function, literature and
structure. These evening lectures
will be part of a regular course,
Music IUG, offered for four units.
The morning lectures are set for
Tuesdays and Thursday at 11
o'clock.
"Song Literature" will be the topic
of Alfred V. Frankenstein in his
opening talk today at 4:.'H) o'clock on
the Tuesday and Thursday lecture
series of the Division of Music.
Starting with Beethoven, he will
review the great song cycles of the
10th century and compare them
with similar works being written
today. As a course of study this
will be Music 130 for 1> units. Sub
scribers to the Friends of Music at
Stanford and members of the fac
ulty are invited.
Warren D. Allen, chairman of the
Division of Music, will inaugurate
Wednesday evening at 7:150 o'clock
a weekly season of lectures in the
auditorium of the Education Build
ing on the Symphony Orchestra, its
history, function, literature and
structure. These evening lectures
will be part of a regular course,
Music IUG, offered for four units.
The morning lectures are set for
Tuesdays and Thursday at 11
o'clock.
