# Candid Pictures Wanted for Quad
## 
### 
With more than 24 full pages of
candid pictures left to complete, the
1939 Quad starts on its last lap in
asking all campus camera fans to
send in unusual shots of Stanford
students, according to Howard C.
Roberts, Quad photographer.
This year's Quad is attempting to
give complete coverage to all cam
pus events and activities. To do
this the co-operation of the various
groups in charge is needed to notify
the Quad just when, where, and
what is happening so that a photog
rapher can be assigned to cover it.
All pictures taken should be sub
mitted with their negatives any
afternoon before April 14. These
pictures need not be taken on the
Farm; they may be pictures of ski
ing, sailing, beach parties, or any
thing else showing some phase of
Stanford life.
With more than 24 full pages of
candid pictures left to complete, the
1939 Quad starts on its last lap in
asking all campus camera fans to
send in unusual shots of Stanford
students, according to Howard C.
Roberts, Quad photographer.
This year's Quad is attempting to
give complete coverage to all cam
pus events and activities. To do
this the co-operation of the various
groups in charge is needed to notify
the Quad just when, where, and
what is happening so that a photog
rapher can be assigned to cover it.
All pictures taken should be sub
mitted with their negatives any
afternoon before April 14. These
pictures need not be taken on the
Farm; they may be pictures of ski
ing, sailing, beach parties, or any
thing else showing some phase of
Stanford life.
With more than 24 full pages of
candid pictures left to complete, the
1939 Quad starts on its last lap in
asking all campus camera fans to
send in unusual shots of Stanford
students, according to Howard C.
Roberts, Quad photographer.
This year's Quad is attempting to
give complete coverage to all cam
pus events and activities. To do
this the co-operation of the various
groups in charge is needed to notify
the Quad just when, where, and
what is happening so that a photog
rapher can be assigned to cover it.
All pictures taken should be sub
mitted with their negatives any
afternoon before April 14. These
pictures need not be taken on the
Farm; they may be pictures of ski
ing, sailing, beach parties, or any
thing else showing some phase of
Stanford life.
With more than 24 full pages of
candid pictures left to complete, the
1939 Quad starts on its last lap in
asking all campus camera fans to
send in unusual shots of Stanford
students, according to Howard C.
Roberts, Quad photographer.
This year's Quad is attempting to
give complete coverage to all cam
pus events and activities. To do
this the co-operation of the various
groups in charge is needed to notify
the Quad just when, where, and
what is happening so that a photog
rapher can be assigned to cover it.
All pictures taken should be sub
mitted with their negatives any
afternoon before April 14. These
pictures need not be taken on the
Farm; they may be pictures of ski
ing, sailing, beach parties, or any
thing else showing some phase of
Stanford life.
With more than 24 full pages of
candid pictures left to complete, the
1939 Quad starts on its last lap in
asking all campus camera fans to
send in unusual shots of Stanford
students, according to Howard C.
Roberts, Quad photographer.
This year's Quad is attempting to
give complete coverage to all cam
pus events and activities. To do
this the co-operation of the various
groups in charge is needed to notify
the Quad just when, where, and
what is happening so that a photog
rapher can be assigned to cover it.
All pictures taken should be sub
mitted with their negatives any
afternoon before April 14. These
pictures need not be taken on the
Farm; they may be pictures of ski
ing, sailing, beach parties, or any
thing else showing some phase of
Stanford life.
With more than 24 full pages of
candid pictures left to complete, the
1939 Quad starts on its last lap in
asking all campus camera fans to
send in unusual shots of Stanford
students, according to Howard C.
Roberts, Quad photographer.
This year's Quad is attempting to
give complete coverage to all cam
pus events and activities. To do
this the co-operation of the various
groups in charge is needed to notify
the Quad just when, where, and
what is happening so that a photog
rapher can be assigned to cover it.
All pictures taken should be sub
mitted with their negatives any
afternoon before April 14. These
pictures need not be taken on the
Farm; they may be pictures of ski
ing, sailing, beach parties, or any
thing else showing some phase of
Stanford life.
With more than 24 full pages of
candid pictures left to complete, the
1939 Quad starts on its last lap in
asking all campus camera fans to
send in unusual shots of Stanford
students, according to Howard C.
Roberts, Quad photographer.
This year's Quad is attempting to
give complete coverage to all cam
pus events and activities. To do
this the co-operation of the various
groups in charge is needed to notify
the Quad just when, where, and
what is happening so that a photog
rapher can be assigned to cover it.
All pictures taken should be sub
mitted with their negatives any
afternoon before April 14. These
pictures need not be taken on the
Farm; they may be pictures of ski
ing, sailing, beach parties, or any
thing else showing some phase of
Stanford life.
With more than 24 full pages of
candid pictures left to complete, the
1939 Quad starts on its last lap in
asking all campus camera fans to
send in unusual shots of Stanford
students, according to Howard C.
Roberts, Quad photographer.
This year's Quad is attempting to
give complete coverage to all cam
pus events and activities. To do
this the co-operation of the various
groups in charge is needed to notify
the Quad just when, where, and
what is happening so that a photog
rapher can be assigned to cover it.
All pictures taken should be sub
mitted with their negatives any
afternoon before April 14. These
pictures need not be taken on the
Farm; they may be pictures of ski
ing, sailing, beach parties, or any
thing else showing some phase of
Stanford life.
With more than 24 full pages of
candid pictures left to complete, the
1939 Quad starts on its last lap in
asking all campus camera fans to
send in unusual shots of Stanford
students, according to Howard C.
Roberts, Quad photographer.
This year's Quad is attempting to
give complete coverage to all cam
pus events and activities. To do
this the co-operation of the various
groups in charge is needed to notify
the Quad just when, where, and
what is happening so that a photog
rapher can be assigned to cover it.
All pictures taken should be sub
mitted with their negatives any
afternoon before April 14. These
pictures need not be taken on the
Farm; they may be pictures of ski
ing, sailing, beach parties, or any
thing else showing some phase of
Stanford life.
With more than 24 full pages of
candid pictures left to complete, the
1939 Quad starts on its last lap in
asking all campus camera fans to
send in unusual shots of Stanford
students, according to Howard C.
Roberts, Quad photographer.
This year's Quad is attempting to
give complete coverage to all cam
pus events and activities. To do
this the co-operation of the various
groups in charge is needed to notify
the Quad just when, where, and
what is happening so that a photog
rapher can be assigned to cover it.
All pictures taken should be sub
mitted with their negatives any
afternoon before April 14. These
pictures need not be taken on the
Farm; they may be pictures of ski
ing, sailing, beach parties, or any
thing else showing some phase of
Stanford life.
With more than 24 full pages of
candid pictures left to complete, the
1939 Quad starts on its last lap in
asking all campus camera fans to
send in unusual shots of Stanford
students, according to Howard C.
Roberts, Quad photographer.
This year's Quad is attempting to
give complete coverage to all cam
pus events and activities. To do
this the co-operation of the various
groups in charge is needed to notify
the Quad just when, where, and
what is happening so that a photog
rapher can be assigned to cover it.
All pictures taken should be sub
mitted with their negatives any
afternoon before April 14. These
pictures need not be taken on the
Farm; they may be pictures of ski
ing, sailing, beach parties, or any
thing else showing some phase of
Stanford life.
With more than 24 full pages of
candid pictures left to complete, the
1939 Quad starts on its last lap in
asking all campus camera fans to
send in unusual shots of Stanford
students, according to Howard C.
Roberts, Quad photographer.
This year's Quad is attempting to
give complete coverage to all cam
pus events and activities. To do
this the co-operation of the various
groups in charge is needed to notify
the Quad just when, where, and
what is happening so that a photog
rapher can be assigned to cover it.
All pictures taken should be sub
mitted with their negatives any
afternoon before April 14. These
pictures need not be taken on the
Farm; they may be pictures of ski
ing, sailing, beach parties, or any
thing else showing some phase of
Stanford life.
With more than 24 full pages of
candid pictures left to complete, the
1939 Quad starts on its last lap in
asking all campus camera fans to
send in unusual shots of Stanford
students, according to Howard C.
Roberts, Quad photographer.
This year's Quad is attempting to
give complete coverage to all cam
pus events and activities. To do
this the co-operation of the various
groups in charge is needed to notify
the Quad just when, where, and
what is happening so that a photog
rapher can be assigned to cover it.
All pictures taken should be sub
mitted with their negatives any
afternoon before April 14. These
pictures need not be taken on the
Farm; they may be pictures of ski
ing, sailing, beach parties, or any
thing else showing some phase of
Stanford life.
With more than 24 full pages of
candid pictures left to complete, the
1939 Quad starts on its last lap in
asking all campus camera fans to
send in unusual shots of Stanford
students, according to Howard C.
Roberts, Quad photographer.
This year's Quad is attempting to
give complete coverage to all cam
pus events and activities. To do
this the co-operation of the various
groups in charge is needed to notify
the Quad just when, where, and
what is happening so that a photog
rapher can be assigned to cover it.
All pictures taken should be sub
mitted with their negatives any
afternoon before April 14. These
pictures need not be taken on the
Farm; they may be pictures of ski
ing, sailing, beach parties, or any
thing else showing some phase of
Stanford life.
With more than 24 full pages of
candid pictures left to complete, the
1939 Quad starts on its last lap in
asking all campus camera fans to
send in unusual shots of Stanford
students, according to Howard C.
Roberts, Quad photographer.
This year's Quad is attempting to
give complete coverage to all cam
pus events and activities. To do
this the co-operation of the various
groups in charge is needed to notify
the Quad just when, where, and
what is happening so that a photog
rapher can be assigned to cover it.
All pictures taken should be sub
mitted with their negatives any
afternoon before April 14. These
pictures need not be taken on the
Farm; they may be pictures of ski
ing, sailing, beach parties, or any
thing else showing some phase of
Stanford life.
With more than 24 full pages of
candid pictures left to complete, the
1939 Quad starts on its last lap in
asking all campus camera fans to
send in unusual shots of Stanford
students, according to Howard C.
Roberts, Quad photographer.
This year's Quad is attempting to
give complete coverage to all cam
pus events and activities. To do
this the co-operation of the various
groups in charge is needed to notify
the Quad just when, where, and
what is happening so that a photog
rapher can be assigned to cover it.
All pictures taken should be sub
mitted with their negatives any
afternoon before April 14. These
pictures need not be taken on the
Farm; they may be pictures of ski
ing, sailing, beach parties, or any
thing else showing some phase of
Stanford life.
