# DINK TO SPEAK
## 
### 
Dink Templeton, Stanford track
coach, was scheduled to be guest
speaker tonight at the Stanford
Club's regular weekly luncheon at
ihc Flytrap.
Dink Templeton, Stanford track
coach, was scheduled to be guest
speaker tonight at the Stanford
Club's regular weekly luncheon at
ihc Flytrap.
Dink Templeton, Stanford track
coach, was scheduled to be guest
speaker tonight at the Stanford
Club's regular weekly luncheon at
ihc Flytrap.
Dink Templeton, Stanford track
coach, was scheduled to be guest
speaker tonight at the Stanford
Club's regular weekly luncheon at
ihc Flytrap.
Dink Templeton, Stanford track
coach, was scheduled to be guest
speaker tonight at the Stanford
Club's regular weekly luncheon at
ihc Flytrap.
Dink Templeton, Stanford track
coach, was scheduled to be guest
speaker tonight at the Stanford
Club's regular weekly luncheon at
ihc Flytrap.
Dink Templeton, Stanford track
coach, was scheduled to be guest
speaker tonight at the Stanford
Club's regular weekly luncheon at
ihc Flytrap.
Dink Templeton, Stanford track
coach, was scheduled to be guest
speaker tonight at the Stanford
Club's regular weekly luncheon at
ihc Flytrap.
Dink Templeton, Stanford track
coach, was scheduled to be guest
speaker tonight at the Stanford
Club's regular weekly luncheon at
ihc Flytrap.
Dink Templeton, Stanford track
coach, was scheduled to be guest
speaker tonight at the Stanford
Club's regular weekly luncheon at
ihc Flytrap.
Dink Templeton, Stanford track
coach, was scheduled to be guest
speaker tonight at the Stanford
Club's regular weekly luncheon at
ihc Flytrap.
Dink Templeton, Stanford track
coach, was scheduled to be guest
speaker tonight at the Stanford
Club's regular weekly luncheon at
ihc Flytrap.
Dink Templeton, Stanford track
coach, was scheduled to be guest
speaker tonight at the Stanford
Club's regular weekly luncheon at
ihc Flytrap.
Dink Templeton, Stanford track
coach, was scheduled to be guest
speaker tonight at the Stanford
Club's regular weekly luncheon at
ihc Flytrap.
Dink Templeton, Stanford track
coach, was scheduled to be guest
speaker tonight at the Stanford
Club's regular weekly luncheon at
ihc Flytrap.
Dink Templeton, Stanford track
coach, was scheduled to be guest
speaker tonight at the Stanford
Club's regular weekly luncheon at
ihc Flytrap.
