# 'Something Helpful' Building Nears Completion
## 
### 
Construction on the exterior of the
new McCullough Engineering Build
ing, donated by the parents of a for
mer Stanford student, has been com
pleted and the protective fence re

moved. The building was given to
Stanford by Mr. and Mrs. John A. Mc-
Cullough, who said they "wanted to
contribute something helpful" to the
school in memory of their son, a grad

uate of the schools of Mechanical En
gineering and Business. In the fore
ground is the roof of Geology Corner.
The building is due for completion in
June.

Construction on the exterior of the
new McCullough Engineering Build
ing, donated by the parents of a for
mer Stanford student, has been com
pleted and the protective fence re

moved. The building was given to
Stanford by Mr. and Mrs. John A. Mc-
Cullough, who said they "wanted to
contribute something helpful" to the
school in memory of their son, a grad

uate of the schools of Mechanical En
gineering and Business. In the fore
ground is the roof of Geology Corner.
The building is due for completion in
June.

Construction on the exterior of the
new McCullough Engineering Build
ing, donated by the parents of a for
mer Stanford student, has been com
pleted and the protective fence re

moved. The building was given to
Stanford by Mr. and Mrs. John A. Mc-
Cullough, who said they "wanted to
contribute something helpful" to the
school in memory of their son, a grad

uate of the schools of Mechanical En
gineering and Business. In the fore
ground is the roof of Geology Corner.
The building is due for completion in
June.

Construction on the exterior of the
new McCullough Engineering Build
ing, donated by the parents of a for
mer Stanford student, has been com
pleted and the protective fence re

moved. The building was given to
Stanford by Mr. and Mrs. John A. Mc-
Cullough, who said they "wanted to
contribute something helpful" to the
school in memory of their son, a grad

uate of the schools of Mechanical En
gineering and Business. In the fore
ground is the roof of Geology Corner.
The building is due for completion in
June.

Construction on the exterior of the
new McCullough Engineering Build
ing, donated by the parents of a for
mer Stanford student, has been com
pleted and the protective fence re

moved. The building was given to
Stanford by Mr. and Mrs. John A. Mc-
Cullough, who said they "wanted to
contribute something helpful" to the
school in memory of their son, a grad

uate of the schools of Mechanical En
gineering and Business. In the fore
ground is the roof of Geology Corner.
The building is due for completion in
June.

Construction on the exterior of the
new McCullough Engineering Build
ing, donated by the parents of a for
mer Stanford student, has been com
pleted and the protective fence re

moved. The building was given to
Stanford by Mr. and Mrs. John A. Mc-
Cullough, who said they "wanted to
contribute something helpful" to the
school in memory of their son, a grad

uate of the schools of Mechanical En
gineering and Business. In the fore
ground is the roof of Geology Corner.
The building is due for completion in
June.

Construction on the exterior of the
new McCullough Engineering Build
ing, donated by the parents of a for
mer Stanford student, has been com
pleted and the protective fence re

moved. The building was given to
Stanford by Mr. and Mrs. John A. Mc-
Cullough, who said they "wanted to
contribute something helpful" to the
school in memory of their son, a grad

uate of the schools of Mechanical En
gineering and Business. In the fore
ground is the roof of Geology Corner.
The building is due for completion in
June.

Construction on the exterior of the
new McCullough Engineering Build
ing, donated by the parents of a for
mer Stanford student, has been com
pleted and the protective fence re

moved. The building was given to
Stanford by Mr. and Mrs. John A. Mc-
Cullough, who said they "wanted to
contribute something helpful" to the
school in memory of their son, a grad

uate of the schools of Mechanical En
gineering and Business. In the fore
ground is the roof of Geology Corner.
The building is due for completion in
June.

Construction on the exterior of the
new McCullough Engineering Build
ing, donated by the parents of a for
mer Stanford student, has been com
pleted and the protective fence re

moved. The building was given to
Stanford by Mr. and Mrs. John A. Mc-
Cullough, who said they "wanted to
contribute something helpful" to the
school in memory of their son, a grad

uate of the schools of Mechanical En
gineering and Business. In the fore
ground is the roof of Geology Corner.
The building is due for completion in
June.

Construction on the exterior of the
new McCullough Engineering Build
ing, donated by the parents of a for
mer Stanford student, has been com
pleted and the protective fence re

moved. The building was given to
Stanford by Mr. and Mrs. John A. Mc-
Cullough, who said they "wanted to
contribute something helpful" to the
school in memory of their son, a grad

uate of the schools of Mechanical En
gineering and Business. In the fore
ground is the roof of Geology Corner.
The building is due for completion in
June.

Construction on the exterior of the
new McCullough Engineering Build
ing, donated by the parents of a for
mer Stanford student, has been com
pleted and the protective fence re

moved. The building was given to
Stanford by Mr. and Mrs. John A. Mc-
Cullough, who said they "wanted to
contribute something helpful" to the
school in memory of their son, a grad

uate of the schools of Mechanical En
gineering and Business. In the fore
ground is the roof of Geology Corner.
The building is due for completion in
June.

Construction on the exterior of the
new McCullough Engineering Build
ing, donated by the parents of a for
mer Stanford student, has been com
pleted and the protective fence re

moved. The building was given to
Stanford by Mr. and Mrs. John A. Mc-
Cullough, who said they "wanted to
contribute something helpful" to the
school in memory of their son, a grad

uate of the schools of Mechanical En
gineering and Business. In the fore
ground is the roof of Geology Corner.
The building is due for completion in
June.

Construction on the exterior of the
new McCullough Engineering Build
ing, donated by the parents of a for
mer Stanford student, has been com
pleted and the protective fence re

moved. The building was given to
Stanford by Mr. and Mrs. John A. Mc-
Cullough, who said they "wanted to
contribute something helpful" to the
school in memory of their son, a grad

uate of the schools of Mechanical En
gineering and Business. In the fore
ground is the roof of Geology Corner.
The building is due for completion in
June.

Construction on the exterior of the
new McCullough Engineering Build
ing, donated by the parents of a for
mer Stanford student, has been com
pleted and the protective fence re

moved. The building was given to
Stanford by Mr. and Mrs. John A. Mc-
Cullough, who said they "wanted to
contribute something helpful" to the
school in memory of their son, a grad

uate of the schools of Mechanical En
gineering and Business. In the fore
ground is the roof of Geology Corner.
The building is due for completion in
June.

Construction on the exterior of the
new McCullough Engineering Build
ing, donated by the parents of a for
mer Stanford student, has been com
pleted and the protective fence re

moved. The building was given to
Stanford by Mr. and Mrs. John A. Mc-
Cullough, who said they "wanted to
contribute something helpful" to the
school in memory of their son, a grad

uate of the schools of Mechanical En
gineering and Business. In the fore
ground is the roof of Geology Corner.
The building is due for completion in
June.

