# Lacrosse to Battle Pendleton Marines
## 
### 
Stanford's lacrosse team will ;
battle the Camp Pendleton Ma- i
rines tomorrow at 2:00 p.m. and !
if the Marines are half the team j
they have been in the past, Stan-j
ford is in for a full scale war. j
The same will be played at Stan- •
ford on the rugby field.
Stanford was literally drubbed j
last weekend by San Marino but j
improvement will come as experi- |
ence is gained. The Indians arc
young and should learn a lot from
the Marines.
Stanford's lacrosse team will ;
battle the Camp Pendleton Ma- i
rines tomorrow at 2:00 p.m. and !
if the Marines are half the team j
they have been in the past, Stan-j
ford is in for a full scale war. j
The same will be played at Stan- •
ford on the rugby field.
Stanford was literally drubbed j
last weekend by San Marino but j
improvement will come as experi- |
ence is gained. The Indians arc
young and should learn a lot from
the Marines.
Stanford's lacrosse team will ;
battle the Camp Pendleton Ma- i
rines tomorrow at 2:00 p.m. and !
if the Marines are half the team j
they have been in the past, Stan-j
ford is in for a full scale war. j
The same will be played at Stan- •
ford on the rugby field.
Stanford was literally drubbed j
last weekend by San Marino but j
improvement will come as experi- |
ence is gained. The Indians arc
young and should learn a lot from
the Marines.
Stanford's lacrosse team will ;
battle the Camp Pendleton Ma- i
rines tomorrow at 2:00 p.m. and !
if the Marines are half the team j
they have been in the past, Stan-j
ford is in for a full scale war. j
The same will be played at Stan- •
ford on the rugby field.
Stanford was literally drubbed j
last weekend by San Marino but j
improvement will come as experi- |
ence is gained. The Indians arc
young and should learn a lot from
the Marines.
Stanford's lacrosse team will ;
battle the Camp Pendleton Ma- i
rines tomorrow at 2:00 p.m. and !
if the Marines are half the team j
they have been in the past, Stan-j
ford is in for a full scale war. j
The same will be played at Stan- •
ford on the rugby field.
Stanford was literally drubbed j
last weekend by San Marino but j
improvement will come as experi- |
ence is gained. The Indians arc
young and should learn a lot from
the Marines.
Stanford's lacrosse team will ;
battle the Camp Pendleton Ma- i
rines tomorrow at 2:00 p.m. and !
if the Marines are half the team j
they have been in the past, Stan-j
ford is in for a full scale war. j
The same will be played at Stan- •
ford on the rugby field.
Stanford was literally drubbed j
last weekend by San Marino but j
improvement will come as experi- |
ence is gained. The Indians arc
young and should learn a lot from
the Marines.
Stanford's lacrosse team will ;
battle the Camp Pendleton Ma- i
rines tomorrow at 2:00 p.m. and !
if the Marines are half the team j
they have been in the past, Stan-j
ford is in for a full scale war. j
The same will be played at Stan- •
ford on the rugby field.
Stanford was literally drubbed j
last weekend by San Marino but j
improvement will come as experi- |
ence is gained. The Indians arc
young and should learn a lot from
the Marines.
Stanford's lacrosse team will ;
battle the Camp Pendleton Ma- i
rines tomorrow at 2:00 p.m. and !
if the Marines are half the team j
they have been in the past, Stan-j
ford is in for a full scale war. j
The same will be played at Stan- •
ford on the rugby field.
Stanford was literally drubbed j
last weekend by San Marino but j
improvement will come as experi- |
ence is gained. The Indians arc
young and should learn a lot from
the Marines.
Stanford's lacrosse team will ;
battle the Camp Pendleton Ma- i
rines tomorrow at 2:00 p.m. and !
if the Marines are half the team j
they have been in the past, Stan-j
ford is in for a full scale war. j
The same will be played at Stan- •
ford on the rugby field.
Stanford was literally drubbed j
last weekend by San Marino but j
improvement will come as experi- |
ence is gained. The Indians arc
young and should learn a lot from
the Marines.
Stanford's lacrosse team will ;
battle the Camp Pendleton Ma- i
rines tomorrow at 2:00 p.m. and !
if the Marines are half the team j
they have been in the past, Stan-j
ford is in for a full scale war. j
The same will be played at Stan- •
ford on the rugby field.
Stanford was literally drubbed j
last weekend by San Marino but j
improvement will come as experi- |
ence is gained. The Indians arc
young and should learn a lot from
the Marines.
Stanford's lacrosse team will ;
battle the Camp Pendleton Ma- i
rines tomorrow at 2:00 p.m. and !
if the Marines are half the team j
they have been in the past, Stan-j
ford is in for a full scale war. j
The same will be played at Stan- •
ford on the rugby field.
Stanford was literally drubbed j
last weekend by San Marino but j
improvement will come as experi- |
ence is gained. The Indians arc
young and should learn a lot from
the Marines.
Stanford's lacrosse team will ;
battle the Camp Pendleton Ma- i
rines tomorrow at 2:00 p.m. and !
if the Marines are half the team j
they have been in the past, Stan-j
ford is in for a full scale war. j
The same will be played at Stan- •
ford on the rugby field.
Stanford was literally drubbed j
last weekend by San Marino but j
improvement will come as experi- |
ence is gained. The Indians arc
young and should learn a lot from
the Marines.
Stanford's lacrosse team will ;
battle the Camp Pendleton Ma- i
rines tomorrow at 2:00 p.m. and !
if the Marines are half the team j
they have been in the past, Stan-j
ford is in for a full scale war. j
The same will be played at Stan- •
ford on the rugby field.
Stanford was literally drubbed j
last weekend by San Marino but j
improvement will come as experi- |
ence is gained. The Indians arc
young and should learn a lot from
the Marines.
Stanford's lacrosse team will ;
battle the Camp Pendleton Ma- i
rines tomorrow at 2:00 p.m. and !
if the Marines are half the team j
they have been in the past, Stan-j
ford is in for a full scale war. j
The same will be played at Stan- •
ford on the rugby field.
Stanford was literally drubbed j
last weekend by San Marino but j
improvement will come as experi- |
ence is gained. The Indians arc
young and should learn a lot from
the Marines.
Stanford's lacrosse team will ;
battle the Camp Pendleton Ma- i
rines tomorrow at 2:00 p.m. and !
if the Marines are half the team j
they have been in the past, Stan-j
ford is in for a full scale war. j
The same will be played at Stan- •
ford on the rugby field.
Stanford was literally drubbed j
last weekend by San Marino but j
improvement will come as experi- |
ence is gained. The Indians arc
young and should learn a lot from
the Marines.
