# Adv. 11 Page 3
## 
### 
FROSH RAINED OUT
Two frosh baseball games were
rained out this weekend. Earlier
in the week, the frosh defeated
the Cal frosh behind the pitching
of Rich Sammons and batting of
George Ashmore.
FROSH RAINED OUT
Two frosh baseball games were
rained out this weekend. Earlier
in the week, the frosh defeated
the Cal frosh behind the pitching
of Rich Sammons and batting of
George Ashmore.
FROSH RAINED OUT
Two frosh baseball games were
rained out this weekend. Earlier
in the week, the frosh defeated
the Cal frosh behind the pitching
of Rich Sammons and batting of
George Ashmore.
FROSH RAINED OUT
Two frosh baseball games were
rained out this weekend. Earlier
in the week, the frosh defeated
the Cal frosh behind the pitching
of Rich Sammons and batting of
George Ashmore.
FROSH RAINED OUT
Two frosh baseball games were
rained out this weekend. Earlier
in the week, the frosh defeated
the Cal frosh behind the pitching
of Rich Sammons and batting of
George Ashmore.
FROSH RAINED OUT
Two frosh baseball games were
rained out this weekend. Earlier
in the week, the frosh defeated
the Cal frosh behind the pitching
of Rich Sammons and batting of
George Ashmore.
FROSH RAINED OUT
Two frosh baseball games were
rained out this weekend. Earlier
in the week, the frosh defeated
the Cal frosh behind the pitching
of Rich Sammons and batting of
George Ashmore.
FROSH RAINED OUT
Two frosh baseball games were
rained out this weekend. Earlier
in the week, the frosh defeated
the Cal frosh behind the pitching
of Rich Sammons and batting of
George Ashmore.
FROSH RAINED OUT
Two frosh baseball games were
rained out this weekend. Earlier
in the week, the frosh defeated
the Cal frosh behind the pitching
of Rich Sammons and batting of
George Ashmore.
FROSH RAINED OUT
Two frosh baseball games were
rained out this weekend. Earlier
in the week, the frosh defeated
the Cal frosh behind the pitching
of Rich Sammons and batting of
George Ashmore.
FROSH RAINED OUT
Two frosh baseball games were
rained out this weekend. Earlier
in the week, the frosh defeated
the Cal frosh behind the pitching
of Rich Sammons and batting of
George Ashmore.
FROSH RAINED OUT
Two frosh baseball games were
rained out this weekend. Earlier
in the week, the frosh defeated
the Cal frosh behind the pitching
of Rich Sammons and batting of
George Ashmore.
FROSH RAINED OUT
Two frosh baseball games were
rained out this weekend. Earlier
in the week, the frosh defeated
the Cal frosh behind the pitching
of Rich Sammons and batting of
George Ashmore.
FROSH RAINED OUT
Two frosh baseball games were
rained out this weekend. Earlier
in the week, the frosh defeated
the Cal frosh behind the pitching
of Rich Sammons and batting of
George Ashmore.
FROSH RAINED OUT
Two frosh baseball games were
rained out this weekend. Earlier
in the week, the frosh defeated
the Cal frosh behind the pitching
of Rich Sammons and batting of
George Ashmore.
FROSH RAINED OUT
Two frosh baseball games were
rained out this weekend. Earlier
in the week, the frosh defeated
the Cal frosh behind the pitching
of Rich Sammons and batting of
George Ashmore.
FROSH RAINED OUT
Two frosh baseball games were
rained out this weekend. Earlier
in the week, the frosh defeated
the Cal frosh behind the pitching
of Rich Sammons and batting of
George Ashmore.
