# Letters to the Editor
## 
### 
SHAW REPLIES
Editor, The Daily:
I am Ihe author of a letter ap
pearing in The Daily last year,
that commented rather severely
on Baran-Sweezy views regarding
Cuba. Their disdain for the liberal
groups, who were important par
ticipants in the early phases of
the Revolution, and their satisfac
tion when Castro cast the liberals
aside were the impulse behind my
correspondence with your editori
al predecessor. Baran-Sweezy saw
no virtue in dissent, when ex
pressed in Cuba, and I was im
pelled to challenge their view that
only Marxist-Leninist dissent is
tolerable.
In your story about the episode,
and most recently in your re
joinder of last Thursday to Pro
fessor Tarshis, you insist on a
different explanation of my orig
inal letter. You have sources, you
say, who can trace my letter to
requests or pleas or pressure
from the University Administra
tion. Professor Tarshis advised
you politely of your error, and
you retorted that you do not be
lieve him. Though the truth of
this matter does not appeal to
you, it will appeal to your read
ers. The letter was of my own vo
lition, on my own initiative, at
the suggestion of no other per
son.
Your serial account of the Ba
ran-Sweezy affair is gravely in
accurate at all points touching on
the role of the Department of
Economics. The inaccuracy is in
evitable since you elected not to
discuss the affair with the De
partment.
I am dismayed by the tests you
apply to the University’s role in
the Baran episode. They are cap
tious, lacking in both balance and
perspective. A salvo of editorials,
aimed at “the University as a
whole and universities in gener
al,” must have a handsome yield

in satisfaction to the editor. Per
haps your next salvo should be
centered on newspapers in gen
eral, churches in general, Demo
crats or Republicans or even
Marxists. When quiet is restored,
do reflect on the important point
that the University employs dis
senters, shelters dissent, and
steadfastly maintains an environ
ment of freedom for controversy.
E. S. Shaw
ProtVssor of Economics
RACIAL DISCRIMINATION
Editor, The Daily.
Mr. Biderman concluded his ar
ticle concerning racial discrimina
tion with the statement that the
university and the students them
selves should lake every possible
measure to end these practices.
Certainly, one cannot be reminded
100 often that the problem exists,
unfortunately in even “ideal”
communities. This community is
ideal for putting an end to such
blatant bigotry because the stu

dent body and the University
Staff and Assistants total more
than one-third the population of
Palo that is over the age of eigh
teen. Any pressures from so large
a group has high likelihood of
extreme success. It is unfortunate
that Mr. Biderman did not enu
merate some of the measures that
can be taken both on campus and
off.
The Daily and KZSU could limit
their advertisers to firms with
equal opportunity and equal serv
ice policies.
The Placement Office could
limit out-of-state recruiters to
equal opportunity employers.
The students and the staff
could enquire whether Negroes
are serviced before patronizing
barber shops, restaurants and mo
tels, as w’ell as inquiring if a Ne
gro could buy or rent the apart
ment or house one intends to buy
or rent themselves.
Joy Hoeiistadt Ozer
SHAW REPLIES
Editor, The Daily:
I am Ihe author of a letter ap
pearing in The Daily last year,
that commented rather severely
on Baran-Sweezy views regarding
Cuba. Their disdain for the liberal
groups, who were important par
ticipants in the early phases of
the Revolution, and their satisfac
tion when Castro cast the liberals
aside were the impulse behind my
correspondence with your editori
al predecessor. Baran-Sweezy saw
no virtue in dissent, when ex
pressed in Cuba, and I was im
pelled to challenge their view that
only Marxist-Leninist dissent is
tolerable.
In your story about the episode,
and most recently in your re
joinder of last Thursday to Pro
fessor Tarshis, you insist on a
different explanation of my orig
inal letter. You have sources, you
say, who can trace my letter to
requests or pleas or pressure
from the University Administra
tion. Professor Tarshis advised
you politely of your error, and
you retorted that you do not be
lieve him. Though the truth of
this matter does not appeal to
you, it will appeal to your read
ers. The letter was of my own vo
lition, on my own initiative, at
the suggestion of no other per
son.
Your serial account of the Ba
ran-Sweezy affair is gravely in
accurate at all points touching on
the role of the Department of
Economics. The inaccuracy is in
evitable since you elected not to
discuss the affair with the De
partment.
I am dismayed by the tests you
apply to the University’s role in
the Baran episode. They are cap
tious, lacking in both balance and
perspective. A salvo of editorials,
aimed at “the University as a
whole and universities in gener
al,” must have a handsome yield

in satisfaction to the editor. Per
haps your next salvo should be
centered on newspapers in gen
eral, churches in general, Demo
crats or Republicans or even
Marxists. When quiet is restored,
do reflect on the important point
that the University employs dis
senters, shelters dissent, and
steadfastly maintains an environ
ment of freedom for controversy.
E. S. Shaw
ProtVssor of Economics
RACIAL DISCRIMINATION
Editor, The Daily.
Mr. Biderman concluded his ar
ticle concerning racial discrimina
tion with the statement that the
university and the students them
selves should lake every possible
measure to end these practices.
Certainly, one cannot be reminded
100 often that the problem exists,
unfortunately in even “ideal”
communities. This community is
ideal for putting an end to such
blatant bigotry because the stu

dent body and the University
Staff and Assistants total more
than one-third the population of
Palo that is over the age of eigh
teen. Any pressures from so large
a group has high likelihood of
extreme success. It is unfortunate
that Mr. Biderman did not enu
merate some of the measures that
can be taken both on campus and
off.
The Daily and KZSU could limit
their advertisers to firms with
equal opportunity and equal serv
ice policies.
The Placement Office could
limit out-of-state recruiters to
equal opportunity employers.
The students and the staff
could enquire whether Negroes
are serviced before patronizing
barber shops, restaurants and mo
tels, as w’ell as inquiring if a Ne
gro could buy or rent the apart
ment or house one intends to buy
or rent themselves.
Joy Hoeiistadt Ozer
SHAW REPLIES
Editor, The Daily:
I am Ihe author of a letter ap
pearing in The Daily last year,
that commented rather severely
on Baran-Sweezy views regarding
Cuba. Their disdain for the liberal
groups, who were important par
ticipants in the early phases of
the Revolution, and their satisfac
tion when Castro cast the liberals
aside were the impulse behind my
correspondence with your editori
al predecessor. Baran-Sweezy saw
no virtue in dissent, when ex
pressed in Cuba, and I was im
pelled to challenge their view that
only Marxist-Leninist dissent is
tolerable.
In your story about the episode,
and most recently in your re
joinder of last Thursday to Pro
fessor Tarshis, you insist on a
different explanation of my orig
inal letter. You have sources, you
say, who can trace my letter to
requests or pleas or pressure
from the University Administra
tion. Professor Tarshis advised
you politely of your error, and
you retorted that you do not be
lieve him. Though the truth of
this matter does not appeal to
you, it will appeal to your read
ers. The letter was of my own vo
lition, on my own initiative, at
the suggestion of no other per
son.
Your serial account of the Ba
ran-Sweezy affair is gravely in
accurate at all points touching on
the role of the Department of
Economics. The inaccuracy is in
evitable since you elected not to
discuss the affair with the De
partment.
I am dismayed by the tests you
apply to the University’s role in
the Baran episode. They are cap
tious, lacking in both balance and
perspective. A salvo of editorials,
aimed at “the University as a
whole and universities in gener
al,” must have a handsome yield

in satisfaction to the editor. Per
haps your next salvo should be
centered on newspapers in gen
eral, churches in general, Demo
crats or Republicans or even
Marxists. When quiet is restored,
do reflect on the important point
that the University employs dis
senters, shelters dissent, and
steadfastly maintains an environ
ment of freedom for controversy.
E. S. Shaw
ProtVssor of Economics
RACIAL DISCRIMINATION
Editor, The Daily.
Mr. Biderman concluded his ar
ticle concerning racial discrimina
tion with the statement that the
university and the students them
selves should lake every possible
measure to end these practices.
Certainly, one cannot be reminded
100 often that the problem exists,
unfortunately in even “ideal”
communities. This community is
ideal for putting an end to such
blatant bigotry because the stu

dent body and the University
Staff and Assistants total more
than one-third the population of
Palo that is over the age of eigh
teen. Any pressures from so large
a group has high likelihood of
extreme success. It is unfortunate
that Mr. Biderman did not enu
merate some of the measures that
can be taken both on campus and
off.
The Daily and KZSU could limit
their advertisers to firms with
equal opportunity and equal serv
ice policies.
The Placement Office could
limit out-of-state recruiters to
equal opportunity employers.
The students and the staff
could enquire whether Negroes
are serviced before patronizing
barber shops, restaurants and mo
tels, as w’ell as inquiring if a Ne
gro could buy or rent the apart
ment or house one intends to buy
or rent themselves.
Joy Hoeiistadt Ozer
SHAW REPLIES
Editor, The Daily:
I am Ihe author of a letter ap
pearing in The Daily last year,
that commented rather severely
on Baran-Sweezy views regarding
Cuba. Their disdain for the liberal
groups, who were important par
ticipants in the early phases of
the Revolution, and their satisfac
tion when Castro cast the liberals
aside were the impulse behind my
correspondence with your editori
al predecessor. Baran-Sweezy saw
no virtue in dissent, when ex
pressed in Cuba, and I was im
pelled to challenge their view that
only Marxist-Leninist dissent is
tolerable.
In your story about the episode,
and most recently in your re
joinder of last Thursday to Pro
fessor Tarshis, you insist on a
different explanation of my orig
inal letter. You have sources, you
say, who can trace my letter to
requests or pleas or pressure
from the University Administra
tion. Professor Tarshis advised
you politely of your error, and
you retorted that you do not be
lieve him. Though the truth of
this matter does not appeal to
you, it will appeal to your read
ers. The letter was of my own vo
lition, on my own initiative, at
the suggestion of no other per
son.
Your serial account of the Ba
ran-Sweezy affair is gravely in
accurate at all points touching on
the role of the Department of
Economics. The inaccuracy is in
evitable since you elected not to
discuss the affair with the De
partment.
I am dismayed by the tests you
apply to the University’s role in
the Baran episode. They are cap
tious, lacking in both balance and
perspective. A salvo of editorials,
aimed at “the University as a
whole and universities in gener
al,” must have a handsome yield

in satisfaction to the editor. Per
haps your next salvo should be
centered on newspapers in gen
eral, churches in general, Demo
crats or Republicans or even
Marxists. When quiet is restored,
do reflect on the important point
that the University employs dis
senters, shelters dissent, and
steadfastly maintains an environ
ment of freedom for controversy.
E. S. Shaw
ProtVssor of Economics
RACIAL DISCRIMINATION
Editor, The Daily.
Mr. Biderman concluded his ar
ticle concerning racial discrimina
tion with the statement that the
university and the students them
selves should lake every possible
measure to end these practices.
Certainly, one cannot be reminded
100 often that the problem exists,
unfortunately in even “ideal”
communities. This community is
ideal for putting an end to such
blatant bigotry because the stu

dent body and the University
Staff and Assistants total more
than one-third the population of
Palo that is over the age of eigh
teen. Any pressures from so large
a group has high likelihood of
extreme success. It is unfortunate
that Mr. Biderman did not enu
merate some of the measures that
can be taken both on campus and
off.
The Daily and KZSU could limit
their advertisers to firms with
equal opportunity and equal serv
ice policies.
The Placement Office could
limit out-of-state recruiters to
equal opportunity employers.
The students and the staff
could enquire whether Negroes
are serviced before patronizing
barber shops, restaurants and mo
tels, as w’ell as inquiring if a Ne
gro could buy or rent the apart
ment or house one intends to buy
or rent themselves.
Joy Hoeiistadt Ozer
SHAW REPLIES
Editor, The Daily:
I am Ihe author of a letter ap
pearing in The Daily last year,
that commented rather severely
on Baran-Sweezy views regarding
Cuba. Their disdain for the liberal
groups, who were important par
ticipants in the early phases of
the Revolution, and their satisfac
tion when Castro cast the liberals
aside were the impulse behind my
correspondence with your editori
al predecessor. Baran-Sweezy saw
no virtue in dissent, when ex
pressed in Cuba, and I was im
pelled to challenge their view that
only Marxist-Leninist dissent is
tolerable.
In your story about the episode,
and most recently in your re
joinder of last Thursday to Pro
fessor Tarshis, you insist on a
different explanation of my orig
inal letter. You have sources, you
say, who can trace my letter to
requests or pleas or pressure
from the University Administra
tion. Professor Tarshis advised
you politely of your error, and
you retorted that you do not be
lieve him. Though the truth of
this matter does not appeal to
you, it will appeal to your read
ers. The letter was of my own vo
lition, on my own initiative, at
the suggestion of no other per
son.
Your serial account of the Ba
ran-Sweezy affair is gravely in
accurate at all points touching on
the role of the Department of
Economics. The inaccuracy is in
evitable since you elected not to
discuss the affair with the De
partment.
I am dismayed by the tests you
apply to the University’s role in
the Baran episode. They are cap
tious, lacking in both balance and
perspective. A salvo of editorials,
aimed at “the University as a
whole and universities in gener
al,” must have a handsome yield

in satisfaction to the editor. Per
haps your next salvo should be
centered on newspapers in gen
eral, churches in general, Demo
crats or Republicans or even
Marxists. When quiet is restored,
do reflect on the important point
that the University employs dis
senters, shelters dissent, and
steadfastly maintains an environ
ment of freedom for controversy.
E. S. Shaw
ProtVssor of Economics
RACIAL DISCRIMINATION
Editor, The Daily.
Mr. Biderman concluded his ar
ticle concerning racial discrimina
tion with the statement that the
university and the students them
selves should lake every possible
measure to end these practices.
Certainly, one cannot be reminded
100 often that the problem exists,
unfortunately in even “ideal”
communities. This community is
ideal for putting an end to such
blatant bigotry because the stu

dent body and the University
Staff and Assistants total more
than one-third the population of
Palo that is over the age of eigh
teen. Any pressures from so large
a group has high likelihood of
extreme success. It is unfortunate
that Mr. Biderman did not enu
merate some of the measures that
can be taken both on campus and
off.
The Daily and KZSU could limit
their advertisers to firms with
equal opportunity and equal serv
ice policies.
The Placement Office could
limit out-of-state recruiters to
equal opportunity employers.
The students and the staff
could enquire whether Negroes
are serviced before patronizing
barber shops, restaurants and mo
tels, as w’ell as inquiring if a Ne
gro could buy or rent the apart
ment or house one intends to buy
or rent themselves.
Joy Hoeiistadt Ozer
SHAW REPLIES
Editor, The Daily:
I am Ihe author of a letter ap
pearing in The Daily last year,
that commented rather severely
on Baran-Sweezy views regarding
Cuba. Their disdain for the liberal
groups, who were important par
ticipants in the early phases of
the Revolution, and their satisfac
tion when Castro cast the liberals
aside were the impulse behind my
correspondence with your editori
al predecessor. Baran-Sweezy saw
no virtue in dissent, when ex
pressed in Cuba, and I was im
pelled to challenge their view that
only Marxist-Leninist dissent is
tolerable.
In your story about the episode,
and most recently in your re
joinder of last Thursday to Pro
fessor Tarshis, you insist on a
different explanation of my orig
inal letter. You have sources, you
say, who can trace my letter to
requests or pleas or pressure
from the University Administra
tion. Professor Tarshis advised
you politely of your error, and
you retorted that you do not be
lieve him. Though the truth of
this matter does not appeal to
you, it will appeal to your read
ers. The letter was of my own vo
lition, on my own initiative, at
the suggestion of no other per
son.
Your serial account of the Ba
ran-Sweezy affair is gravely in
accurate at all points touching on
the role of the Department of
Economics. The inaccuracy is in
evitable since you elected not to
discuss the affair with the De
partment.
I am dismayed by the tests you
apply to the University’s role in
the Baran episode. They are cap
tious, lacking in both balance and
perspective. A salvo of editorials,
aimed at “the University as a
whole and universities in gener
al,” must have a handsome yield

in satisfaction to the editor. Per
haps your next salvo should be
centered on newspapers in gen
eral, churches in general, Demo
crats or Republicans or even
Marxists. When quiet is restored,
do reflect on the important point
that the University employs dis
senters, shelters dissent, and
steadfastly maintains an environ
ment of freedom for controversy.
E. S. Shaw
ProtVssor of Economics
RACIAL DISCRIMINATION
Editor, The Daily.
Mr. Biderman concluded his ar
ticle concerning racial discrimina
tion with the statement that the
university and the students them
selves should lake every possible
measure to end these practices.
Certainly, one cannot be reminded
100 often that the problem exists,
unfortunately in even “ideal”
communities. This community is
ideal for putting an end to such
blatant bigotry because the stu

dent body and the University
Staff and Assistants total more
than one-third the population of
Palo that is over the age of eigh
teen. Any pressures from so large
a group has high likelihood of
extreme success. It is unfortunate
that Mr. Biderman did not enu
merate some of the measures that
can be taken both on campus and
off.
The Daily and KZSU could limit
their advertisers to firms with
equal opportunity and equal serv
ice policies.
The Placement Office could
limit out-of-state recruiters to
equal opportunity employers.
The students and the staff
could enquire whether Negroes
are serviced before patronizing
barber shops, restaurants and mo
tels, as w’ell as inquiring if a Ne
gro could buy or rent the apart
ment or house one intends to buy
or rent themselves.
Joy Hoeiistadt Ozer
SHAW REPLIES
Editor, The Daily:
I am Ihe author of a letter ap
pearing in The Daily last year,
that commented rather severely
on Baran-Sweezy views regarding
Cuba. Their disdain for the liberal
groups, who were important par
ticipants in the early phases of
the Revolution, and their satisfac
tion when Castro cast the liberals
aside were the impulse behind my
correspondence with your editori
al predecessor. Baran-Sweezy saw
no virtue in dissent, when ex
pressed in Cuba, and I was im
pelled to challenge their view that
only Marxist-Leninist dissent is
tolerable.
In your story about the episode,
and most recently in your re
joinder of last Thursday to Pro
fessor Tarshis, you insist on a
different explanation of my orig
inal letter. You have sources, you
say, who can trace my letter to
requests or pleas or pressure
from the University Administra
tion. Professor Tarshis advised
you politely of your error, and
you retorted that you do not be
lieve him. Though the truth of
this matter does not appeal to
you, it will appeal to your read
ers. The letter was of my own vo
lition, on my own initiative, at
the suggestion of no other per
son.
Your serial account of the Ba
ran-Sweezy affair is gravely in
accurate at all points touching on
the role of the Department of
Economics. The inaccuracy is in
evitable since you elected not to
discuss the affair with the De
partment.
I am dismayed by the tests you
apply to the University’s role in
the Baran episode. They are cap
tious, lacking in both balance and
perspective. A salvo of editorials,
aimed at “the University as a
whole and universities in gener
al,” must have a handsome yield

in satisfaction to the editor. Per
haps your next salvo should be
centered on newspapers in gen
eral, churches in general, Demo
crats or Republicans or even
Marxists. When quiet is restored,
do reflect on the important point
that the University employs dis
senters, shelters dissent, and
steadfastly maintains an environ
ment of freedom for controversy.
E. S. Shaw
ProtVssor of Economics
RACIAL DISCRIMINATION
Editor, The Daily.
Mr. Biderman concluded his ar
ticle concerning racial discrimina
tion with the statement that the
university and the students them
selves should lake every possible
measure to end these practices.
Certainly, one cannot be reminded
100 often that the problem exists,
unfortunately in even “ideal”
communities. This community is
ideal for putting an end to such
blatant bigotry because the stu

dent body and the University
Staff and Assistants total more
than one-third the population of
Palo that is over the age of eigh
teen. Any pressures from so large
a group has high likelihood of
extreme success. It is unfortunate
that Mr. Biderman did not enu
merate some of the measures that
can be taken both on campus and
off.
The Daily and KZSU could limit
their advertisers to firms with
equal opportunity and equal serv
ice policies.
The Placement Office could
limit out-of-state recruiters to
equal opportunity employers.
The students and the staff
could enquire whether Negroes
are serviced before patronizing
barber shops, restaurants and mo
tels, as w’ell as inquiring if a Ne
gro could buy or rent the apart
ment or house one intends to buy
or rent themselves.
Joy Hoeiistadt Ozer
SHAW REPLIES
Editor, The Daily:
I am Ihe author of a letter ap
pearing in The Daily last year,
that commented rather severely
on Baran-Sweezy views regarding
Cuba. Their disdain for the liberal
groups, who were important par
ticipants in the early phases of
the Revolution, and their satisfac
tion when Castro cast the liberals
aside were the impulse behind my
correspondence with your editori
al predecessor. Baran-Sweezy saw
no virtue in dissent, when ex
pressed in Cuba, and I was im
pelled to challenge their view that
only Marxist-Leninist dissent is
tolerable.
In your story about the episode,
and most recently in your re
joinder of last Thursday to Pro
fessor Tarshis, you insist on a
different explanation of my orig
inal letter. You have sources, you
say, who can trace my letter to
requests or pleas or pressure
from the University Administra
tion. Professor Tarshis advised
you politely of your error, and
you retorted that you do not be
lieve him. Though the truth of
this matter does not appeal to
you, it will appeal to your read
ers. The letter was of my own vo
lition, on my own initiative, at
the suggestion of no other per
son.
Your serial account of the Ba
ran-Sweezy affair is gravely in
accurate at all points touching on
the role of the Department of
Economics. The inaccuracy is in
evitable since you elected not to
discuss the affair with the De
partment.
I am dismayed by the tests you
apply to the University’s role in
the Baran episode. They are cap
tious, lacking in both balance and
perspective. A salvo of editorials,
aimed at “the University as a
whole and universities in gener
al,” must have a handsome yield

in satisfaction to the editor. Per
haps your next salvo should be
centered on newspapers in gen
eral, churches in general, Demo
crats or Republicans or even
Marxists. When quiet is restored,
do reflect on the important point
that the University employs dis
senters, shelters dissent, and
steadfastly maintains an environ
ment of freedom for controversy.
E. S. Shaw
ProtVssor of Economics
RACIAL DISCRIMINATION
Editor, The Daily.
Mr. Biderman concluded his ar
ticle concerning racial discrimina
tion with the statement that the
university and the students them
selves should lake every possible
measure to end these practices.
Certainly, one cannot be reminded
100 often that the problem exists,
unfortunately in even “ideal”
communities. This community is
ideal for putting an end to such
blatant bigotry because the stu

dent body and the University
Staff and Assistants total more
than one-third the population of
Palo that is over the age of eigh
teen. Any pressures from so large
a group has high likelihood of
extreme success. It is unfortunate
that Mr. Biderman did not enu
merate some of the measures that
can be taken both on campus and
off.
The Daily and KZSU could limit
their advertisers to firms with
equal opportunity and equal serv
ice policies.
The Placement Office could
limit out-of-state recruiters to
equal opportunity employers.
The students and the staff
could enquire whether Negroes
are serviced before patronizing
barber shops, restaurants and mo
tels, as w’ell as inquiring if a Ne
gro could buy or rent the apart
ment or house one intends to buy
or rent themselves.
Joy Hoeiistadt Ozer
SHAW REPLIES
Editor, The Daily:
I am Ihe author of a letter ap
pearing in The Daily last year,
that commented rather severely
on Baran-Sweezy views regarding
Cuba. Their disdain for the liberal
groups, who were important par
ticipants in the early phases of
the Revolution, and their satisfac
tion when Castro cast the liberals
aside were the impulse behind my
correspondence with your editori
al predecessor. Baran-Sweezy saw
no virtue in dissent, when ex
pressed in Cuba, and I was im
pelled to challenge their view that
only Marxist-Leninist dissent is
tolerable.
In your story about the episode,
and most recently in your re
joinder of last Thursday to Pro
fessor Tarshis, you insist on a
different explanation of my orig
inal letter. You have sources, you
say, who can trace my letter to
requests or pleas or pressure
from the University Administra
tion. Professor Tarshis advised
you politely of your error, and
you retorted that you do not be
lieve him. Though the truth of
this matter does not appeal to
you, it will appeal to your read
ers. The letter was of my own vo
lition, on my own initiative, at
the suggestion of no other per
son.
Your serial account of the Ba
ran-Sweezy affair is gravely in
accurate at all points touching on
the role of the Department of
Economics. The inaccuracy is in
evitable since you elected not to
discuss the affair with the De
partment.
I am dismayed by the tests you
apply to the University’s role in
the Baran episode. They are cap
tious, lacking in both balance and
perspective. A salvo of editorials,
aimed at “the University as a
whole and universities in gener
al,” must have a handsome yield

in satisfaction to the editor. Per
haps your next salvo should be
centered on newspapers in gen
eral, churches in general, Demo
crats or Republicans or even
Marxists. When quiet is restored,
do reflect on the important point
that the University employs dis
senters, shelters dissent, and
steadfastly maintains an environ
ment of freedom for controversy.
E. S. Shaw
ProtVssor of Economics
RACIAL DISCRIMINATION
Editor, The Daily.
Mr. Biderman concluded his ar
ticle concerning racial discrimina
tion with the statement that the
university and the students them
selves should lake every possible
measure to end these practices.
Certainly, one cannot be reminded
100 often that the problem exists,
unfortunately in even “ideal”
communities. This community is
ideal for putting an end to such
blatant bigotry because the stu

dent body and the University
Staff and Assistants total more
than one-third the population of
Palo that is over the age of eigh
teen. Any pressures from so large
a group has high likelihood of
extreme success. It is unfortunate
that Mr. Biderman did not enu
merate some of the measures that
can be taken both on campus and
off.
The Daily and KZSU could limit
their advertisers to firms with
equal opportunity and equal serv
ice policies.
The Placement Office could
limit out-of-state recruiters to
equal opportunity employers.
The students and the staff
could enquire whether Negroes
are serviced before patronizing
barber shops, restaurants and mo
tels, as w’ell as inquiring if a Ne
gro could buy or rent the apart
ment or house one intends to buy
or rent themselves.
Joy Hoeiistadt Ozer
SHAW REPLIES
Editor, The Daily:
I am Ihe author of a letter ap
pearing in The Daily last year,
that commented rather severely
on Baran-Sweezy views regarding
Cuba. Their disdain for the liberal
groups, who were important par
ticipants in the early phases of
the Revolution, and their satisfac
tion when Castro cast the liberals
aside were the impulse behind my
correspondence with your editori
al predecessor. Baran-Sweezy saw
no virtue in dissent, when ex
pressed in Cuba, and I was im
pelled to challenge their view that
only Marxist-Leninist dissent is
tolerable.
In your story about the episode,
and most recently in your re
joinder of last Thursday to Pro
fessor Tarshis, you insist on a
different explanation of my orig
inal letter. You have sources, you
say, who can trace my letter to
requests or pleas or pressure
from the University Administra
tion. Professor Tarshis advised
you politely of your error, and
you retorted that you do not be
lieve him. Though the truth of
this matter does not appeal to
you, it will appeal to your read
ers. The letter was of my own vo
lition, on my own initiative, at
the suggestion of no other per
son.
Your serial account of the Ba
ran-Sweezy affair is gravely in
accurate at all points touching on
the role of the Department of
Economics. The inaccuracy is in
evitable since you elected not to
discuss the affair with the De
partment.
I am dismayed by the tests you
apply to the University’s role in
the Baran episode. They are cap
tious, lacking in both balance and
perspective. A salvo of editorials,
aimed at “the University as a
whole and universities in gener
al,” must have a handsome yield

in satisfaction to the editor. Per
haps your next salvo should be
centered on newspapers in gen
eral, churches in general, Demo
crats or Republicans or even
Marxists. When quiet is restored,
do reflect on the important point
that the University employs dis
senters, shelters dissent, and
steadfastly maintains an environ
ment of freedom for controversy.
E. S. Shaw
ProtVssor of Economics
RACIAL DISCRIMINATION
Editor, The Daily.
Mr. Biderman concluded his ar
ticle concerning racial discrimina
tion with the statement that the
university and the students them
selves should lake every possible
measure to end these practices.
Certainly, one cannot be reminded
100 often that the problem exists,
unfortunately in even “ideal”
communities. This community is
ideal for putting an end to such
blatant bigotry because the stu

dent body and the University
Staff and Assistants total more
than one-third the population of
Palo that is over the age of eigh
teen. Any pressures from so large
a group has high likelihood of
extreme success. It is unfortunate
that Mr. Biderman did not enu
merate some of the measures that
can be taken both on campus and
off.
The Daily and KZSU could limit
their advertisers to firms with
equal opportunity and equal serv
ice policies.
The Placement Office could
limit out-of-state recruiters to
equal opportunity employers.
The students and the staff
could enquire whether Negroes
are serviced before patronizing
barber shops, restaurants and mo
tels, as w’ell as inquiring if a Ne
gro could buy or rent the apart
ment or house one intends to buy
or rent themselves.
Joy Hoeiistadt Ozer
SHAW REPLIES
Editor, The Daily:
I am Ihe author of a letter ap
pearing in The Daily last year,
that commented rather severely
on Baran-Sweezy views regarding
Cuba. Their disdain for the liberal
groups, who were important par
ticipants in the early phases of
the Revolution, and their satisfac
tion when Castro cast the liberals
aside were the impulse behind my
correspondence with your editori
al predecessor. Baran-Sweezy saw
no virtue in dissent, when ex
pressed in Cuba, and I was im
pelled to challenge their view that
only Marxist-Leninist dissent is
tolerable.
In your story about the episode,
and most recently in your re
joinder of last Thursday to Pro
fessor Tarshis, you insist on a
different explanation of my orig
inal letter. You have sources, you
say, who can trace my letter to
requests or pleas or pressure
from the University Administra
tion. Professor Tarshis advised
you politely of your error, and
you retorted that you do not be
lieve him. Though the truth of
this matter does not appeal to
you, it will appeal to your read
ers. The letter was of my own vo
lition, on my own initiative, at
the suggestion of no other per
son.
Your serial account of the Ba
ran-Sweezy affair is gravely in
accurate at all points touching on
the role of the Department of
Economics. The inaccuracy is in
evitable since you elected not to
discuss the affair with the De
partment.
I am dismayed by the tests you
apply to the University’s role in
the Baran episode. They are cap
tious, lacking in both balance and
perspective. A salvo of editorials,
aimed at “the University as a
whole and universities in gener
al,” must have a handsome yield

in satisfaction to the editor. Per
haps your next salvo should be
centered on newspapers in gen
eral, churches in general, Demo
crats or Republicans or even
Marxists. When quiet is restored,
do reflect on the important point
that the University employs dis
senters, shelters dissent, and
steadfastly maintains an environ
ment of freedom for controversy.
E. S. Shaw
ProtVssor of Economics
RACIAL DISCRIMINATION
Editor, The Daily.
Mr. Biderman concluded his ar
ticle concerning racial discrimina
tion with the statement that the
university and the students them
selves should lake every possible
measure to end these practices.
Certainly, one cannot be reminded
100 often that the problem exists,
unfortunately in even “ideal”
communities. This community is
ideal for putting an end to such
blatant bigotry because the stu

dent body and the University
Staff and Assistants total more
than one-third the population of
Palo that is over the age of eigh
teen. Any pressures from so large
a group has high likelihood of
extreme success. It is unfortunate
that Mr. Biderman did not enu
merate some of the measures that
can be taken both on campus and
off.
The Daily and KZSU could limit
their advertisers to firms with
equal opportunity and equal serv
ice policies.
The Placement Office could
limit out-of-state recruiters to
equal opportunity employers.
The students and the staff
could enquire whether Negroes
are serviced before patronizing
barber shops, restaurants and mo
tels, as w’ell as inquiring if a Ne
gro could buy or rent the apart
ment or house one intends to buy
or rent themselves.
Joy Hoeiistadt Ozer
SHAW REPLIES
Editor, The Daily:
I am Ihe author of a letter ap
pearing in The Daily last year,
that commented rather severely
on Baran-Sweezy views regarding
Cuba. Their disdain for the liberal
groups, who were important par
ticipants in the early phases of
the Revolution, and their satisfac
tion when Castro cast the liberals
aside were the impulse behind my
correspondence with your editori
al predecessor. Baran-Sweezy saw
no virtue in dissent, when ex
pressed in Cuba, and I was im
pelled to challenge their view that
only Marxist-Leninist dissent is
tolerable.
In your story about the episode,
and most recently in your re
joinder of last Thursday to Pro
fessor Tarshis, you insist on a
different explanation of my orig
inal letter. You have sources, you
say, who can trace my letter to
requests or pleas or pressure
from the University Administra
tion. Professor Tarshis advised
you politely of your error, and
you retorted that you do not be
lieve him. Though the truth of
this matter does not appeal to
you, it will appeal to your read
ers. The letter was of my own vo
lition, on my own initiative, at
the suggestion of no other per
son.
Your serial account of the Ba
ran-Sweezy affair is gravely in
accurate at all points touching on
the role of the Department of
Economics. The inaccuracy is in
evitable since you elected not to
discuss the affair with the De
partment.
I am dismayed by the tests you
apply to the University’s role in
the Baran episode. They are cap
tious, lacking in both balance and
perspective. A salvo of editorials,
aimed at “the University as a
whole and universities in gener
al,” must have a handsome yield

in satisfaction to the editor. Per
haps your next salvo should be
centered on newspapers in gen
eral, churches in general, Demo
crats or Republicans or even
Marxists. When quiet is restored,
do reflect on the important point
that the University employs dis
senters, shelters dissent, and
steadfastly maintains an environ
ment of freedom for controversy.
E. S. Shaw
ProtVssor of Economics
RACIAL DISCRIMINATION
Editor, The Daily.
Mr. Biderman concluded his ar
ticle concerning racial discrimina
tion with the statement that the
university and the students them
selves should lake every possible
measure to end these practices.
Certainly, one cannot be reminded
100 often that the problem exists,
unfortunately in even “ideal”
communities. This community is
ideal for putting an end to such
blatant bigotry because the stu

dent body and the University
Staff and Assistants total more
than one-third the population of
Palo that is over the age of eigh
teen. Any pressures from so large
a group has high likelihood of
extreme success. It is unfortunate
that Mr. Biderman did not enu
merate some of the measures that
can be taken both on campus and
off.
The Daily and KZSU could limit
their advertisers to firms with
equal opportunity and equal serv
ice policies.
The Placement Office could
limit out-of-state recruiters to
equal opportunity employers.
The students and the staff
could enquire whether Negroes
are serviced before patronizing
barber shops, restaurants and mo
tels, as w’ell as inquiring if a Ne
gro could buy or rent the apart
ment or house one intends to buy
or rent themselves.
Joy Hoeiistadt Ozer
SHAW REPLIES
Editor, The Daily:
I am Ihe author of a letter ap
pearing in The Daily last year,
that commented rather severely
on Baran-Sweezy views regarding
Cuba. Their disdain for the liberal
groups, who were important par
ticipants in the early phases of
the Revolution, and their satisfac
tion when Castro cast the liberals
aside were the impulse behind my
correspondence with your editori
al predecessor. Baran-Sweezy saw
no virtue in dissent, when ex
pressed in Cuba, and I was im
pelled to challenge their view that
only Marxist-Leninist dissent is
tolerable.
In your story about the episode,
and most recently in your re
joinder of last Thursday to Pro
fessor Tarshis, you insist on a
different explanation of my orig
inal letter. You have sources, you
say, who can trace my letter to
requests or pleas or pressure
from the University Administra
tion. Professor Tarshis advised
you politely of your error, and
you retorted that you do not be
lieve him. Though the truth of
this matter does not appeal to
you, it will appeal to your read
ers. The letter was of my own vo
lition, on my own initiative, at
the suggestion of no other per
son.
Your serial account of the Ba
ran-Sweezy affair is gravely in
accurate at all points touching on
the role of the Department of
Economics. The inaccuracy is in
evitable since you elected not to
discuss the affair with the De
partment.
I am dismayed by the tests you
apply to the University’s role in
the Baran episode. They are cap
tious, lacking in both balance and
perspective. A salvo of editorials,
aimed at “the University as a
whole and universities in gener
al,” must have a handsome yield

in satisfaction to the editor. Per
haps your next salvo should be
centered on newspapers in gen
eral, churches in general, Demo
crats or Republicans or even
Marxists. When quiet is restored,
do reflect on the important point
that the University employs dis
senters, shelters dissent, and
steadfastly maintains an environ
ment of freedom for controversy.
E. S. Shaw
ProtVssor of Economics
RACIAL DISCRIMINATION
Editor, The Daily.
Mr. Biderman concluded his ar
ticle concerning racial discrimina
tion with the statement that the
university and the students them
selves should lake every possible
measure to end these practices.
Certainly, one cannot be reminded
100 often that the problem exists,
unfortunately in even “ideal”
communities. This community is
ideal for putting an end to such
blatant bigotry because the stu

dent body and the University
Staff and Assistants total more
than one-third the population of
Palo that is over the age of eigh
teen. Any pressures from so large
a group has high likelihood of
extreme success. It is unfortunate
that Mr. Biderman did not enu
merate some of the measures that
can be taken both on campus and
off.
The Daily and KZSU could limit
their advertisers to firms with
equal opportunity and equal serv
ice policies.
The Placement Office could
limit out-of-state recruiters to
equal opportunity employers.
The students and the staff
could enquire whether Negroes
are serviced before patronizing
barber shops, restaurants and mo
tels, as w’ell as inquiring if a Ne
gro could buy or rent the apart
ment or house one intends to buy
or rent themselves.
Joy Hoeiistadt Ozer
SHAW REPLIES
Editor, The Daily:
I am Ihe author of a letter ap
pearing in The Daily last year,
that commented rather severely
on Baran-Sweezy views regarding
Cuba. Their disdain for the liberal
groups, who were important par
ticipants in the early phases of
the Revolution, and their satisfac
tion when Castro cast the liberals
aside were the impulse behind my
correspondence with your editori
al predecessor. Baran-Sweezy saw
no virtue in dissent, when ex
pressed in Cuba, and I was im
pelled to challenge their view that
only Marxist-Leninist dissent is
tolerable.
In your story about the episode,
and most recently in your re
joinder of last Thursday to Pro
fessor Tarshis, you insist on a
different explanation of my orig
inal letter. You have sources, you
say, who can trace my letter to
requests or pleas or pressure
from the University Administra
tion. Professor Tarshis advised
you politely of your error, and
you retorted that you do not be
lieve him. Though the truth of
this matter does not appeal to
you, it will appeal to your read
ers. The letter was of my own vo
lition, on my own initiative, at
the suggestion of no other per
son.
Your serial account of the Ba
ran-Sweezy affair is gravely in
accurate at all points touching on
the role of the Department of
Economics. The inaccuracy is in
evitable since you elected not to
discuss the affair with the De
partment.
I am dismayed by the tests you
apply to the University’s role in
the Baran episode. They are cap
tious, lacking in both balance and
perspective. A salvo of editorials,
aimed at “the University as a
whole and universities in gener
al,” must have a handsome yield

in satisfaction to the editor. Per
haps your next salvo should be
centered on newspapers in gen
eral, churches in general, Demo
crats or Republicans or even
Marxists. When quiet is restored,
do reflect on the important point
that the University employs dis
senters, shelters dissent, and
steadfastly maintains an environ
ment of freedom for controversy.
E. S. Shaw
ProtVssor of Economics
RACIAL DISCRIMINATION
Editor, The Daily.
Mr. Biderman concluded his ar
ticle concerning racial discrimina
tion with the statement that the
university and the students them
selves should lake every possible
measure to end these practices.
Certainly, one cannot be reminded
100 often that the problem exists,
unfortunately in even “ideal”
communities. This community is
ideal for putting an end to such
blatant bigotry because the stu

dent body and the University
Staff and Assistants total more
than one-third the population of
Palo that is over the age of eigh
teen. Any pressures from so large
a group has high likelihood of
extreme success. It is unfortunate
that Mr. Biderman did not enu
merate some of the measures that
can be taken both on campus and
off.
The Daily and KZSU could limit
their advertisers to firms with
equal opportunity and equal serv
ice policies.
The Placement Office could
limit out-of-state recruiters to
equal opportunity employers.
The students and the staff
could enquire whether Negroes
are serviced before patronizing
barber shops, restaurants and mo
tels, as w’ell as inquiring if a Ne
gro could buy or rent the apart
ment or house one intends to buy
or rent themselves.
Joy Hoeiistadt Ozer
SHAW REPLIES
Editor, The Daily:
I am Ihe author of a letter ap
pearing in The Daily last year,
that commented rather severely
on Baran-Sweezy views regarding
Cuba. Their disdain for the liberal
groups, who were important par
ticipants in the early phases of
the Revolution, and their satisfac
tion when Castro cast the liberals
aside were the impulse behind my
correspondence with your editori
al predecessor. Baran-Sweezy saw
no virtue in dissent, when ex
pressed in Cuba, and I was im
pelled to challenge their view that
only Marxist-Leninist dissent is
tolerable.
In your story about the episode,
and most recently in your re
joinder of last Thursday to Pro
fessor Tarshis, you insist on a
different explanation of my orig
inal letter. You have sources, you
say, who can trace my letter to
requests or pleas or pressure
from the University Administra
tion. Professor Tarshis advised
you politely of your error, and
you retorted that you do not be
lieve him. Though the truth of
this matter does not appeal to
you, it will appeal to your read
ers. The letter was of my own vo
lition, on my own initiative, at
the suggestion of no other per
son.
Your serial account of the Ba
ran-Sweezy affair is gravely in
accurate at all points touching on
the role of the Department of
Economics. The inaccuracy is in
evitable since you elected not to
discuss the affair with the De
partment.
I am dismayed by the tests you
apply to the University’s role in
the Baran episode. They are cap
tious, lacking in both balance and
perspective. A salvo of editorials,
aimed at “the University as a
whole and universities in gener
al,” must have a handsome yield

in satisfaction to the editor. Per
haps your next salvo should be
centered on newspapers in gen
eral, churches in general, Demo
crats or Republicans or even
Marxists. When quiet is restored,
do reflect on the important point
that the University employs dis
senters, shelters dissent, and
steadfastly maintains an environ
ment of freedom for controversy.
E. S. Shaw
ProtVssor of Economics
RACIAL DISCRIMINATION
Editor, The Daily.
Mr. Biderman concluded his ar
ticle concerning racial discrimina
tion with the statement that the
university and the students them
selves should lake every possible
measure to end these practices.
Certainly, one cannot be reminded
100 often that the problem exists,
unfortunately in even “ideal”
communities. This community is
ideal for putting an end to such
blatant bigotry because the stu

dent body and the University
Staff and Assistants total more
than one-third the population of
Palo that is over the age of eigh
teen. Any pressures from so large
a group has high likelihood of
extreme success. It is unfortunate
that Mr. Biderman did not enu
merate some of the measures that
can be taken both on campus and
off.
The Daily and KZSU could limit
their advertisers to firms with
equal opportunity and equal serv
ice policies.
The Placement Office could
limit out-of-state recruiters to
equal opportunity employers.
The students and the staff
could enquire whether Negroes
are serviced before patronizing
barber shops, restaurants and mo
tels, as w’ell as inquiring if a Ne
gro could buy or rent the apart
ment or house one intends to buy
or rent themselves.
Joy Hoeiistadt Ozer
SHAW REPLIES
Editor, The Daily:
I am Ihe author of a letter ap
pearing in The Daily last year,
that commented rather severely
on Baran-Sweezy views regarding
Cuba. Their disdain for the liberal
groups, who were important par
ticipants in the early phases of
the Revolution, and their satisfac
tion when Castro cast the liberals
aside were the impulse behind my
correspondence with your editori
al predecessor. Baran-Sweezy saw
no virtue in dissent, when ex
pressed in Cuba, and I was im
pelled to challenge their view that
only Marxist-Leninist dissent is
tolerable.
In your story about the episode,
and most recently in your re
joinder of last Thursday to Pro
fessor Tarshis, you insist on a
different explanation of my orig
inal letter. You have sources, you
say, who can trace my letter to
requests or pleas or pressure
from the University Administra
tion. Professor Tarshis advised
you politely of your error, and
you retorted that you do not be
lieve him. Though the truth of
this matter does not appeal to
you, it will appeal to your read
ers. The letter was of my own vo
lition, on my own initiative, at
the suggestion of no other per
son.
Your serial account of the Ba
ran-Sweezy affair is gravely in
accurate at all points touching on
the role of the Department of
Economics. The inaccuracy is in
evitable since you elected not to
discuss the affair with the De
partment.
I am dismayed by the tests you
apply to the University’s role in
the Baran episode. They are cap
tious, lacking in both balance and
perspective. A salvo of editorials,
aimed at “the University as a
whole and universities in gener
al,” must have a handsome yield

in satisfaction to the editor. Per
haps your next salvo should be
centered on newspapers in gen
eral, churches in general, Demo
crats or Republicans or even
Marxists. When quiet is restored,
do reflect on the important point
that the University employs dis
senters, shelters dissent, and
steadfastly maintains an environ
ment of freedom for controversy.
E. S. Shaw
ProtVssor of Economics
RACIAL DISCRIMINATION
Editor, The Daily.
Mr. Biderman concluded his ar
ticle concerning racial discrimina
tion with the statement that the
university and the students them
selves should lake every possible
measure to end these practices.
Certainly, one cannot be reminded
100 often that the problem exists,
unfortunately in even “ideal”
communities. This community is
ideal for putting an end to such
blatant bigotry because the stu

dent body and the University
Staff and Assistants total more
than one-third the population of
Palo that is over the age of eigh
teen. Any pressures from so large
a group has high likelihood of
extreme success. It is unfortunate
that Mr. Biderman did not enu
merate some of the measures that
can be taken both on campus and
off.
The Daily and KZSU could limit
their advertisers to firms with
equal opportunity and equal serv
ice policies.
The Placement Office could
limit out-of-state recruiters to
equal opportunity employers.
The students and the staff
could enquire whether Negroes
are serviced before patronizing
barber shops, restaurants and mo
tels, as w’ell as inquiring if a Ne
gro could buy or rent the apart
ment or house one intends to buy
or rent themselves.
Joy Hoeiistadt Ozer
SHAW REPLIES
Editor, The Daily:
I am Ihe author of a letter ap
pearing in The Daily last year,
that commented rather severely
on Baran-Sweezy views regarding
Cuba. Their disdain for the liberal
groups, who were important par
ticipants in the early phases of
the Revolution, and their satisfac
tion when Castro cast the liberals
aside were the impulse behind my
correspondence with your editori
al predecessor. Baran-Sweezy saw
no virtue in dissent, when ex
pressed in Cuba, and I was im
pelled to challenge their view that
only Marxist-Leninist dissent is
tolerable.
In your story about the episode,
and most recently in your re
joinder of last Thursday to Pro
fessor Tarshis, you insist on a
different explanation of my orig
inal letter. You have sources, you
say, who can trace my letter to
requests or pleas or pressure
from the University Administra
tion. Professor Tarshis advised
you politely of your error, and
you retorted that you do not be
lieve him. Though the truth of
this matter does not appeal to
you, it will appeal to your read
ers. The letter was of my own vo
lition, on my own initiative, at
the suggestion of no other per
son.
Your serial account of the Ba
ran-Sweezy affair is gravely in
accurate at all points touching on
the role of the Department of
Economics. The inaccuracy is in
evitable since you elected not to
discuss the affair with the De
partment.
I am dismayed by the tests you
apply to the University’s role in
the Baran episode. They are cap
tious, lacking in both balance and
perspective. A salvo of editorials,
aimed at “the University as a
whole and universities in gener
al,” must have a handsome yield

in satisfaction to the editor. Per
haps your next salvo should be
centered on newspapers in gen
eral, churches in general, Demo
crats or Republicans or even
Marxists. When quiet is restored,
do reflect on the important point
that the University employs dis
senters, shelters dissent, and
steadfastly maintains an environ
ment of freedom for controversy.
E. S. Shaw
ProtVssor of Economics
RACIAL DISCRIMINATION
Editor, The Daily.
Mr. Biderman concluded his ar
ticle concerning racial discrimina
tion with the statement that the
university and the students them
selves should lake every possible
measure to end these practices.
Certainly, one cannot be reminded
100 often that the problem exists,
unfortunately in even “ideal”
communities. This community is
ideal for putting an end to such
blatant bigotry because the stu

dent body and the University
Staff and Assistants total more
than one-third the population of
Palo that is over the age of eigh
teen. Any pressures from so large
a group has high likelihood of
extreme success. It is unfortunate
that Mr. Biderman did not enu
merate some of the measures that
can be taken both on campus and
off.
The Daily and KZSU could limit
their advertisers to firms with
equal opportunity and equal serv
ice policies.
The Placement Office could
limit out-of-state recruiters to
equal opportunity employers.
The students and the staff
could enquire whether Negroes
are serviced before patronizing
barber shops, restaurants and mo
tels, as w’ell as inquiring if a Ne
gro could buy or rent the apart
ment or house one intends to buy
or rent themselves.
Joy Hoeiistadt Ozer
