# Rugby Player Dies from Injuries.
## 
### 
Two deaths from injuries received
in football have occurred during the
past week, and Rugby is responsible
for one of these. A student at To
ronto University was fatally injured
by a kick in the head while playing
the English game on the varsity lawn
at that university, and a member of
the Morristovvn, N. J., high school
eleven died a few days ago from a
broken neck received on the grid
iron.
Two deaths from injuries received
in football have occurred during the
past week, and Rugby is responsible
for one of these. A student at To
ronto University was fatally injured
by a kick in the head while playing
the English game on the varsity lawn
at that university, and a member of
the Morristovvn, N. J., high school
eleven died a few days ago from a
broken neck received on the grid
iron.
Two deaths from injuries received
in football have occurred during the
past week, and Rugby is responsible
for one of these. A student at To
ronto University was fatally injured
by a kick in the head while playing
the English game on the varsity lawn
at that university, and a member of
the Morristovvn, N. J., high school
eleven died a few days ago from a
broken neck received on the grid
iron.
Two deaths from injuries received
in football have occurred during the
past week, and Rugby is responsible
for one of these. A student at To
ronto University was fatally injured
by a kick in the head while playing
the English game on the varsity lawn
at that university, and a member of
the Morristovvn, N. J., high school
eleven died a few days ago from a
broken neck received on the grid
iron.
Two deaths from injuries received
in football have occurred during the
past week, and Rugby is responsible
for one of these. A student at To
ronto University was fatally injured
by a kick in the head while playing
the English game on the varsity lawn
at that university, and a member of
the Morristovvn, N. J., high school
eleven died a few days ago from a
broken neck received on the grid
iron.
Two deaths from injuries received
in football have occurred during the
past week, and Rugby is responsible
for one of these. A student at To
ronto University was fatally injured
by a kick in the head while playing
the English game on the varsity lawn
at that university, and a member of
the Morristovvn, N. J., high school
eleven died a few days ago from a
broken neck received on the grid
iron.
Two deaths from injuries received
in football have occurred during the
past week, and Rugby is responsible
for one of these. A student at To
ronto University was fatally injured
by a kick in the head while playing
the English game on the varsity lawn
at that university, and a member of
the Morristovvn, N. J., high school
eleven died a few days ago from a
broken neck received on the grid
iron.
Two deaths from injuries received
in football have occurred during the
past week, and Rugby is responsible
for one of these. A student at To
ronto University was fatally injured
by a kick in the head while playing
the English game on the varsity lawn
at that university, and a member of
the Morristovvn, N. J., high school
eleven died a few days ago from a
broken neck received on the grid
iron.
Two deaths from injuries received
in football have occurred during the
past week, and Rugby is responsible
for one of these. A student at To
ronto University was fatally injured
by a kick in the head while playing
the English game on the varsity lawn
at that university, and a member of
the Morristovvn, N. J., high school
eleven died a few days ago from a
broken neck received on the grid
iron.
