# Untitled Article
## 
### 
For twenty-five years it has been
impossible for men to think of Stan
ford University without thinking of
David Starr Jordan —the man who
has led its work and shaped its des
tinies during most of that time. Al
most exactly two years ago we heard
the unwelcome news that he had re
tired. But we returned to tbe cam
pus to find him still one of us in
thought and sympathy, though hold
ing a new and largely honorary pos
ition.
We are glad that Dr. Jordan will
remain at Stanford after his retire
ment from the chancellorship and we
are sure we speak for the Stanford
student body, alumni and faculty in
expressing the belief and hope that
we may return in future years and
find him what he has always been —
typical Stanford man.
