# W.A.A. RIDE WILL BE SATURDAY AFTERNOON
## 
### 
Women's Athletic Association will
sponsor another horseback ride this
Saturday afternoon, weather per
mitting, announces Dorothy Dey,
equitation manager.
The ride will start at 2 o'clock
from the Menlo Riding and Driving
Club, returning about 5 o'clock.
Tickets may be purchased for $1.50
from Dorothy Dey or Charlotte
Gibner.
Women's Athletic Association will
sponsor another horseback ride this
Saturday afternoon, weather per
mitting, announces Dorothy Dey,
equitation manager.
The ride will start at 2 o'clock
from the Menlo Riding and Driving
Club, returning about 5 o'clock.
Tickets may be purchased for $1.50
from Dorothy Dey or Charlotte
Gibner.
Women's Athletic Association will
sponsor another horseback ride this
Saturday afternoon, weather per
mitting, announces Dorothy Dey,
equitation manager.
The ride will start at 2 o'clock
from the Menlo Riding and Driving
Club, returning about 5 o'clock.
Tickets may be purchased for $1.50
from Dorothy Dey or Charlotte
Gibner.
Women's Athletic Association will
sponsor another horseback ride this
Saturday afternoon, weather per
mitting, announces Dorothy Dey,
equitation manager.
The ride will start at 2 o'clock
from the Menlo Riding and Driving
Club, returning about 5 o'clock.
Tickets may be purchased for $1.50
from Dorothy Dey or Charlotte
Gibner.
Women's Athletic Association will
sponsor another horseback ride this
Saturday afternoon, weather per
mitting, announces Dorothy Dey,
equitation manager.
The ride will start at 2 o'clock
from the Menlo Riding and Driving
Club, returning about 5 o'clock.
Tickets may be purchased for $1.50
from Dorothy Dey or Charlotte
Gibner.
Women's Athletic Association will
sponsor another horseback ride this
Saturday afternoon, weather per
mitting, announces Dorothy Dey,
equitation manager.
The ride will start at 2 o'clock
from the Menlo Riding and Driving
Club, returning about 5 o'clock.
Tickets may be purchased for $1.50
from Dorothy Dey or Charlotte
Gibner.
Women's Athletic Association will
sponsor another horseback ride this
Saturday afternoon, weather per
mitting, announces Dorothy Dey,
equitation manager.
The ride will start at 2 o'clock
from the Menlo Riding and Driving
Club, returning about 5 o'clock.
Tickets may be purchased for $1.50
from Dorothy Dey or Charlotte
Gibner.
Women's Athletic Association will
sponsor another horseback ride this
Saturday afternoon, weather per
mitting, announces Dorothy Dey,
equitation manager.
The ride will start at 2 o'clock
from the Menlo Riding and Driving
Club, returning about 5 o'clock.
Tickets may be purchased for $1.50
from Dorothy Dey or Charlotte
Gibner.
Women's Athletic Association will
sponsor another horseback ride this
Saturday afternoon, weather per
mitting, announces Dorothy Dey,
equitation manager.
The ride will start at 2 o'clock
from the Menlo Riding and Driving
Club, returning about 5 o'clock.
Tickets may be purchased for $1.50
from Dorothy Dey or Charlotte
Gibner.
Women's Athletic Association will
sponsor another horseback ride this
Saturday afternoon, weather per
mitting, announces Dorothy Dey,
equitation manager.
The ride will start at 2 o'clock
from the Menlo Riding and Driving
Club, returning about 5 o'clock.
Tickets may be purchased for $1.50
from Dorothy Dey or Charlotte
Gibner.
Women's Athletic Association will
sponsor another horseback ride this
Saturday afternoon, weather per
mitting, announces Dorothy Dey,
equitation manager.
The ride will start at 2 o'clock
from the Menlo Riding and Driving
Club, returning about 5 o'clock.
Tickets may be purchased for $1.50
from Dorothy Dey or Charlotte
Gibner.
Women's Athletic Association will
sponsor another horseback ride this
Saturday afternoon, weather per
mitting, announces Dorothy Dey,
equitation manager.
The ride will start at 2 o'clock
from the Menlo Riding and Driving
Club, returning about 5 o'clock.
Tickets may be purchased for $1.50
from Dorothy Dey or Charlotte
Gibner.
Women's Athletic Association will
sponsor another horseback ride this
Saturday afternoon, weather per
mitting, announces Dorothy Dey,
equitation manager.
The ride will start at 2 o'clock
from the Menlo Riding and Driving
Club, returning about 5 o'clock.
Tickets may be purchased for $1.50
from Dorothy Dey or Charlotte
Gibner.
Women's Athletic Association will
sponsor another horseback ride this
Saturday afternoon, weather per
mitting, announces Dorothy Dey,
equitation manager.
The ride will start at 2 o'clock
from the Menlo Riding and Driving
Club, returning about 5 o'clock.
Tickets may be purchased for $1.50
from Dorothy Dey or Charlotte
Gibner.
Women's Athletic Association will
sponsor another horseback ride this
Saturday afternoon, weather per
mitting, announces Dorothy Dey,
equitation manager.
The ride will start at 2 o'clock
from the Menlo Riding and Driving
Club, returning about 5 o'clock.
Tickets may be purchased for $1.50
from Dorothy Dey or Charlotte
Gibner.
