# HELEN WILLS ILL
## 
### 
SHANGHAI, Dec. 2.
hai's hopes of seeing Helen Wills
Moody, the tennis champion, play
against local outstanding players
were temporarily blasted today as a
result of a, bad cold the California
player contracted upon her arrival
here.
SHANGHAI, Dec. 2.
hai's hopes of seeing Helen Wills
Moody, the tennis champion, play
against local outstanding players
were temporarily blasted today as a
result of a, bad cold the California
player contracted upon her arrival
here.
SHANGHAI, Dec. 2.
hai's hopes of seeing Helen Wills
Moody, the tennis champion, play
against local outstanding players
were temporarily blasted today as a
result of a, bad cold the California
player contracted upon her arrival
here.
SHANGHAI, Dec. 2.
hai's hopes of seeing Helen Wills
Moody, the tennis champion, play
against local outstanding players
were temporarily blasted today as a
result of a, bad cold the California
player contracted upon her arrival
here.
SHANGHAI, Dec. 2.
hai's hopes of seeing Helen Wills
Moody, the tennis champion, play
against local outstanding players
were temporarily blasted today as a
result of a, bad cold the California
player contracted upon her arrival
here.
SHANGHAI, Dec. 2.
hai's hopes of seeing Helen Wills
Moody, the tennis champion, play
against local outstanding players
were temporarily blasted today as a
result of a, bad cold the California
player contracted upon her arrival
here.
SHANGHAI, Dec. 2.
hai's hopes of seeing Helen Wills
Moody, the tennis champion, play
against local outstanding players
were temporarily blasted today as a
result of a, bad cold the California
player contracted upon her arrival
here.
SHANGHAI, Dec. 2.
hai's hopes of seeing Helen Wills
Moody, the tennis champion, play
against local outstanding players
were temporarily blasted today as a
result of a, bad cold the California
player contracted upon her arrival
here.
SHANGHAI, Dec. 2.
hai's hopes of seeing Helen Wills
Moody, the tennis champion, play
against local outstanding players
were temporarily blasted today as a
result of a, bad cold the California
player contracted upon her arrival
here.
SHANGHAI, Dec. 2.
hai's hopes of seeing Helen Wills
Moody, the tennis champion, play
against local outstanding players
were temporarily blasted today as a
result of a, bad cold the California
player contracted upon her arrival
here.
SHANGHAI, Dec. 2.
hai's hopes of seeing Helen Wills
Moody, the tennis champion, play
against local outstanding players
were temporarily blasted today as a
result of a, bad cold the California
player contracted upon her arrival
here.
SHANGHAI, Dec. 2.
hai's hopes of seeing Helen Wills
Moody, the tennis champion, play
against local outstanding players
were temporarily blasted today as a
result of a, bad cold the California
player contracted upon her arrival
here.
SHANGHAI, Dec. 2.
hai's hopes of seeing Helen Wills
Moody, the tennis champion, play
against local outstanding players
were temporarily blasted today as a
result of a, bad cold the California
player contracted upon her arrival
here.
SHANGHAI, Dec. 2.
hai's hopes of seeing Helen Wills
Moody, the tennis champion, play
against local outstanding players
were temporarily blasted today as a
result of a, bad cold the California
player contracted upon her arrival
here.
SHANGHAI, Dec. 2.
hai's hopes of seeing Helen Wills
Moody, the tennis champion, play
against local outstanding players
were temporarily blasted today as a
result of a, bad cold the California
player contracted upon her arrival
here.
