# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Next spring the University of
California expects to put forth the
best track team in her history.
Stanford must meet that team. We
now hiive a trainer, " Dad" Moul
ton, who can make the most of
our material if the men co-operate;
we have the material capable of be
ing developed into an aggregation
which, if it does not win against
our rival, will at least make a cred
itable showing. To develop this,
all men with track possibilities
must begin fall training immedi
ately. The small number that has
turned out up to the present is dis
couraging not only to the coach
and track captain, but also to the
student body at large. California's
men have been at work for some
time. Do we wish to lay the foun
dation for another ignominious de
feat?
