# Adv. 13 Page 6
## 
### 
EASY II
MONEY!
Want to makean easy $5 for V2 hourof
work or $10 for 1 hour prior to the
game? The first 10 people to call 494-
2588 will be hired. Meet at gate 2 to
distribute the CARDINAL TODAY 1 hour
before the game!
EASY II
MONEY!
Want to makean easy $5 for V2 hourof
work or $10 for 1 hour prior to the
game? The first 10 people to call 494-
2588 will be hired. Meet at gate 2 to
distribute the CARDINAL TODAY 1 hour
before the game!
EASY II
MONEY!
Want to makean easy $5 for V2 hourof
work or $10 for 1 hour prior to the
game? The first 10 people to call 494-
2588 will be hired. Meet at gate 2 to
distribute the CARDINAL TODAY 1 hour
before the game!
EASY II
MONEY!
Want to makean easy $5 for V2 hourof
work or $10 for 1 hour prior to the
game? The first 10 people to call 494-
2588 will be hired. Meet at gate 2 to
distribute the CARDINAL TODAY 1 hour
before the game!
EASY II
MONEY!
Want to makean easy $5 for V2 hourof
work or $10 for 1 hour prior to the
game? The first 10 people to call 494-
2588 will be hired. Meet at gate 2 to
distribute the CARDINAL TODAY 1 hour
before the game!
EASY II
MONEY!
Want to makean easy $5 for V2 hourof
work or $10 for 1 hour prior to the
game? The first 10 people to call 494-
2588 will be hired. Meet at gate 2 to
distribute the CARDINAL TODAY 1 hour
before the game!
EASY II
MONEY!
Want to makean easy $5 for V2 hourof
work or $10 for 1 hour prior to the
game? The first 10 people to call 494-
2588 will be hired. Meet at gate 2 to
distribute the CARDINAL TODAY 1 hour
before the game!
EASY II
MONEY!
Want to makean easy $5 for V2 hourof
work or $10 for 1 hour prior to the
game? The first 10 people to call 494-
2588 will be hired. Meet at gate 2 to
distribute the CARDINAL TODAY 1 hour
before the game!
