# Know Your Indians
## 
### 
Taylor (No. 25, 174 lbs., 6-0,
21-year-old senior from Whir
tier) has played every back
field position while at Stanford.
Was moved to flanker back this
year where lie alternates with
Jcri McMillin. Also helps
Douglas with quarterbackin/*
duties. Good receiver. Fair
passer. Good on defense. .Ma
jor: education.
("Know Your Indians" appears Tt

Hinshavv (No. 79, 22.1 lbs.,
6•, T9 - year - old sophomore
from Willows) played for Iho
frosh team last year. Is play
ing on the "Blues" during prac
tice this year. He and Jerry
Winters are two sophs who will
probably be heard from during
the next two seasons. Good
blocker. Major: speech and
drama.
tiesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


JACK TAYLOR
Back


DFAN IIINSHAW
Tackle
Taylor (No. 25, 174 lbs., 6-0,
21-year-old senior from Whir
tier) has played every back
field position while at Stanford.
Was moved to flanker back this
year where lie alternates with
Jcri McMillin. Also helps
Douglas with quarterbackin/*
duties. Good receiver. Fair
passer. Good on defense. .Ma
jor: education.
("Know Your Indians" appears Tt

Hinshavv (No. 79, 22.1 lbs.,
6•, T9 - year - old sophomore
from Willows) played for Iho
frosh team last year. Is play
ing on the "Blues" during prac
tice this year. He and Jerry
Winters are two sophs who will
probably be heard from during
the next two seasons. Good
blocker. Major: speech and
drama.
tiesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


JACK TAYLOR
Back


DFAN IIINSHAW
Tackle
Taylor (No. 25, 174 lbs., 6-0,
21-year-old senior from Whir
tier) has played every back
field position while at Stanford.
Was moved to flanker back this
year where lie alternates with
Jcri McMillin. Also helps
Douglas with quarterbackin/*
duties. Good receiver. Fair
passer. Good on defense. .Ma
jor: education.
("Know Your Indians" appears Tt

Hinshavv (No. 79, 22.1 lbs.,
6•, T9 - year - old sophomore
from Willows) played for Iho
frosh team last year. Is play
ing on the "Blues" during prac
tice this year. He and Jerry
Winters are two sophs who will
probably be heard from during
the next two seasons. Good
blocker. Major: speech and
drama.
tiesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


JACK TAYLOR
Back


DFAN IIINSHAW
Tackle
Taylor (No. 25, 174 lbs., 6-0,
21-year-old senior from Whir
tier) has played every back
field position while at Stanford.
Was moved to flanker back this
year where lie alternates with
Jcri McMillin. Also helps
Douglas with quarterbackin/*
duties. Good receiver. Fair
passer. Good on defense. .Ma
jor: education.
("Know Your Indians" appears Tt

Hinshavv (No. 79, 22.1 lbs.,
6•, T9 - year - old sophomore
from Willows) played for Iho
frosh team last year. Is play
ing on the "Blues" during prac
tice this year. He and Jerry
Winters are two sophs who will
probably be heard from during
the next two seasons. Good
blocker. Major: speech and
drama.
tiesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


JACK TAYLOR
Back


DFAN IIINSHAW
Tackle
Taylor (No. 25, 174 lbs., 6-0,
21-year-old senior from Whir
tier) has played every back
field position while at Stanford.
Was moved to flanker back this
year where lie alternates with
Jcri McMillin. Also helps
Douglas with quarterbackin/*
duties. Good receiver. Fair
passer. Good on defense. .Ma
jor: education.
("Know Your Indians" appears Tt

Hinshavv (No. 79, 22.1 lbs.,
6•, T9 - year - old sophomore
from Willows) played for Iho
frosh team last year. Is play
ing on the "Blues" during prac
tice this year. He and Jerry
Winters are two sophs who will
probably be heard from during
the next two seasons. Good
blocker. Major: speech and
drama.
tiesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


JACK TAYLOR
Back


DFAN IIINSHAW
Tackle
Taylor (No. 25, 174 lbs., 6-0,
21-year-old senior from Whir
tier) has played every back
field position while at Stanford.
Was moved to flanker back this
year where lie alternates with
Jcri McMillin. Also helps
Douglas with quarterbackin/*
duties. Good receiver. Fair
passer. Good on defense. .Ma
jor: education.
("Know Your Indians" appears Tt

Hinshavv (No. 79, 22.1 lbs.,
6•, T9 - year - old sophomore
from Willows) played for Iho
frosh team last year. Is play
ing on the "Blues" during prac
tice this year. He and Jerry
Winters are two sophs who will
probably be heard from during
the next two seasons. Good
blocker. Major: speech and
drama.
tiesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


JACK TAYLOR
Back


DFAN IIINSHAW
Tackle
Taylor (No. 25, 174 lbs., 6-0,
21-year-old senior from Whir
tier) has played every back
field position while at Stanford.
Was moved to flanker back this
year where lie alternates with
Jcri McMillin. Also helps
Douglas with quarterbackin/*
duties. Good receiver. Fair
passer. Good on defense. .Ma
jor: education.
("Know Your Indians" appears Tt

Hinshavv (No. 79, 22.1 lbs.,
6•, T9 - year - old sophomore
from Willows) played for Iho
frosh team last year. Is play
ing on the "Blues" during prac
tice this year. He and Jerry
Winters are two sophs who will
probably be heard from during
the next two seasons. Good
blocker. Major: speech and
drama.
tiesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


JACK TAYLOR
Back


DFAN IIINSHAW
Tackle
Taylor (No. 25, 174 lbs., 6-0,
21-year-old senior from Whir
tier) has played every back
field position while at Stanford.
Was moved to flanker back this
year where lie alternates with
Jcri McMillin. Also helps
Douglas with quarterbackin/*
duties. Good receiver. Fair
passer. Good on defense. .Ma
jor: education.
("Know Your Indians" appears Tt

Hinshavv (No. 79, 22.1 lbs.,
6•, T9 - year - old sophomore
from Willows) played for Iho
frosh team last year. Is play
ing on the "Blues" during prac
tice this year. He and Jerry
Winters are two sophs who will
probably be heard from during
the next two seasons. Good
blocker. Major: speech and
drama.
tiesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


JACK TAYLOR
Back


DFAN IIINSHAW
Tackle
Taylor (No. 25, 174 lbs., 6-0,
21-year-old senior from Whir
tier) has played every back
field position while at Stanford.
Was moved to flanker back this
year where lie alternates with
Jcri McMillin. Also helps
Douglas with quarterbackin/*
duties. Good receiver. Fair
passer. Good on defense. .Ma
jor: education.
("Know Your Indians" appears Tt

Hinshavv (No. 79, 22.1 lbs.,
6•, T9 - year - old sophomore
from Willows) played for Iho
frosh team last year. Is play
ing on the "Blues" during prac
tice this year. He and Jerry
Winters are two sophs who will
probably be heard from during
the next two seasons. Good
blocker. Major: speech and
drama.
tiesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


JACK TAYLOR
Back


DFAN IIINSHAW
Tackle
Taylor (No. 25, 174 lbs., 6-0,
21-year-old senior from Whir
tier) has played every back
field position while at Stanford.
Was moved to flanker back this
year where lie alternates with
Jcri McMillin. Also helps
Douglas with quarterbackin/*
duties. Good receiver. Fair
passer. Good on defense. .Ma
jor: education.
("Know Your Indians" appears Tt

Hinshavv (No. 79, 22.1 lbs.,
6•, T9 - year - old sophomore
from Willows) played for Iho
frosh team last year. Is play
ing on the "Blues" during prac
tice this year. He and Jerry
Winters are two sophs who will
probably be heard from during
the next two seasons. Good
blocker. Major: speech and
drama.
tiesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


JACK TAYLOR
Back


DFAN IIINSHAW
Tackle
Taylor (No. 25, 174 lbs., 6-0,
21-year-old senior from Whir
tier) has played every back
field position while at Stanford.
Was moved to flanker back this
year where lie alternates with
Jcri McMillin. Also helps
Douglas with quarterbackin/*
duties. Good receiver. Fair
passer. Good on defense. .Ma
jor: education.
("Know Your Indians" appears Tt

Hinshavv (No. 79, 22.1 lbs.,
6•, T9 - year - old sophomore
from Willows) played for Iho
frosh team last year. Is play
ing on the "Blues" during prac
tice this year. He and Jerry
Winters are two sophs who will
probably be heard from during
the next two seasons. Good
blocker. Major: speech and
drama.
tiesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


JACK TAYLOR
Back


DFAN IIINSHAW
Tackle
Taylor (No. 25, 174 lbs., 6-0,
21-year-old senior from Whir
tier) has played every back
field position while at Stanford.
Was moved to flanker back this
year where lie alternates with
Jcri McMillin. Also helps
Douglas with quarterbackin/*
duties. Good receiver. Fair
passer. Good on defense. .Ma
jor: education.
("Know Your Indians" appears Tt

Hinshavv (No. 79, 22.1 lbs.,
6•, T9 - year - old sophomore
from Willows) played for Iho
frosh team last year. Is play
ing on the "Blues" during prac
tice this year. He and Jerry
Winters are two sophs who will
probably be heard from during
the next two seasons. Good
blocker. Major: speech and
drama.
tiesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


JACK TAYLOR
Back


DFAN IIINSHAW
Tackle
Taylor (No. 25, 174 lbs., 6-0,
21-year-old senior from Whir
tier) has played every back
field position while at Stanford.
Was moved to flanker back this
year where lie alternates with
Jcri McMillin. Also helps
Douglas with quarterbackin/*
duties. Good receiver. Fair
passer. Good on defense. .Ma
jor: education.
("Know Your Indians" appears Tt

Hinshavv (No. 79, 22.1 lbs.,
6•, T9 - year - old sophomore
from Willows) played for Iho
frosh team last year. Is play
ing on the "Blues" during prac
tice this year. He and Jerry
Winters are two sophs who will
probably be heard from during
the next two seasons. Good
blocker. Major: speech and
drama.
tiesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


JACK TAYLOR
Back


DFAN IIINSHAW
Tackle
Taylor (No. 25, 174 lbs., 6-0,
21-year-old senior from Whir
tier) has played every back
field position while at Stanford.
Was moved to flanker back this
year where lie alternates with
Jcri McMillin. Also helps
Douglas with quarterbackin/*
duties. Good receiver. Fair
passer. Good on defense. .Ma
jor: education.
("Know Your Indians" appears Tt

Hinshavv (No. 79, 22.1 lbs.,
6•, T9 - year - old sophomore
from Willows) played for Iho
frosh team last year. Is play
ing on the "Blues" during prac
tice this year. He and Jerry
Winters are two sophs who will
probably be heard from during
the next two seasons. Good
blocker. Major: speech and
drama.
tiesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


JACK TAYLOR
Back


DFAN IIINSHAW
Tackle
Taylor (No. 25, 174 lbs., 6-0,
21-year-old senior from Whir
tier) has played every back
field position while at Stanford.
Was moved to flanker back this
year where lie alternates with
Jcri McMillin. Also helps
Douglas with quarterbackin/*
duties. Good receiver. Fair
passer. Good on defense. .Ma
jor: education.
("Know Your Indians" appears Tt

Hinshavv (No. 79, 22.1 lbs.,
6•, T9 - year - old sophomore
from Willows) played for Iho
frosh team last year. Is play
ing on the "Blues" during prac
tice this year. He and Jerry
Winters are two sophs who will
probably be heard from during
the next two seasons. Good
blocker. Major: speech and
drama.
tiesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


JACK TAYLOR
Back


DFAN IIINSHAW
Tackle
Taylor (No. 25, 174 lbs., 6-0,
21-year-old senior from Whir
tier) has played every back
field position while at Stanford.
Was moved to flanker back this
year where lie alternates with
Jcri McMillin. Also helps
Douglas with quarterbackin/*
duties. Good receiver. Fair
passer. Good on defense. .Ma
jor: education.
("Know Your Indians" appears Tt

Hinshavv (No. 79, 22.1 lbs.,
6•, T9 - year - old sophomore
from Willows) played for Iho
frosh team last year. Is play
ing on the "Blues" during prac
tice this year. He and Jerry
Winters are two sophs who will
probably be heard from during
the next two seasons. Good
blocker. Major: speech and
drama.
tiesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


JACK TAYLOR
Back


DFAN IIINSHAW
Tackle
