# Sigma Alpha lota
## 
### 
Sigma Alpha lota, national
women's music fraternity and
service organization, will spon
sor an informal get-togother and
reception this Sunday afternoon
at 2:30 in the Paloma lobby. The
event is open to anyone intersted
in music.
Sigma Alpha lota, national
women's music fraternity and
service organization, will spon
sor an informal get-togother and
reception this Sunday afternoon
at 2:30 in the Paloma lobby. The
event is open to anyone intersted
in music.
Sigma Alpha lota, national
women's music fraternity and
service organization, will spon
sor an informal get-togother and
reception this Sunday afternoon
at 2:30 in the Paloma lobby. The
event is open to anyone intersted
in music.
Sigma Alpha lota, national
women's music fraternity and
service organization, will spon
sor an informal get-togother and
reception this Sunday afternoon
at 2:30 in the Paloma lobby. The
event is open to anyone intersted
in music.
Sigma Alpha lota, national
women's music fraternity and
service organization, will spon
sor an informal get-togother and
reception this Sunday afternoon
at 2:30 in the Paloma lobby. The
event is open to anyone intersted
in music.
Sigma Alpha lota, national
women's music fraternity and
service organization, will spon
sor an informal get-togother and
reception this Sunday afternoon
at 2:30 in the Paloma lobby. The
event is open to anyone intersted
in music.
Sigma Alpha lota, national
women's music fraternity and
service organization, will spon
sor an informal get-togother and
reception this Sunday afternoon
at 2:30 in the Paloma lobby. The
event is open to anyone intersted
in music.
Sigma Alpha lota, national
women's music fraternity and
service organization, will spon
sor an informal get-togother and
reception this Sunday afternoon
at 2:30 in the Paloma lobby. The
event is open to anyone intersted
in music.
Sigma Alpha lota, national
women's music fraternity and
service organization, will spon
sor an informal get-togother and
reception this Sunday afternoon
at 2:30 in the Paloma lobby. The
event is open to anyone intersted
in music.
Sigma Alpha lota, national
women's music fraternity and
service organization, will spon
sor an informal get-togother and
reception this Sunday afternoon
at 2:30 in the Paloma lobby. The
event is open to anyone intersted
in music.
Sigma Alpha lota, national
women's music fraternity and
service organization, will spon
sor an informal get-togother and
reception this Sunday afternoon
at 2:30 in the Paloma lobby. The
event is open to anyone intersted
in music.
Sigma Alpha lota, national
women's music fraternity and
service organization, will spon
sor an informal get-togother and
reception this Sunday afternoon
at 2:30 in the Paloma lobby. The
event is open to anyone intersted
in music.
Sigma Alpha lota, national
women's music fraternity and
service organization, will spon
sor an informal get-togother and
reception this Sunday afternoon
at 2:30 in the Paloma lobby. The
event is open to anyone intersted
in music.
Sigma Alpha lota, national
women's music fraternity and
service organization, will spon
sor an informal get-togother and
reception this Sunday afternoon
at 2:30 in the Paloma lobby. The
event is open to anyone intersted
in music.
Sigma Alpha lota, national
women's music fraternity and
service organization, will spon
sor an informal get-togother and
reception this Sunday afternoon
at 2:30 in the Paloma lobby. The
event is open to anyone intersted
in music.
Sigma Alpha lota, national
women's music fraternity and
service organization, will spon
sor an informal get-togother and
reception this Sunday afternoon
at 2:30 in the Paloma lobby. The
event is open to anyone intersted
in music.
