# Job Interviews
## 
### 
""interview schedules may be
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow.
Bunkers Life Company, Iowa:
Openings in the sales department
for all majors in the San Jose
agency.
Kaiser Aluminum and Chemi
cal Corporation: C'.E., M.E., 1.E.,
chemical engineering, general en
gineering, business administra
tion, metallurgy, geology, mining
and humanities openings in sales,
administration, production and
engineering accounting depart
ments throughout the United
States. Summer interviews also.
M.I.T. Lincoln Laboratory:
Openings for 8.5., M.S. and Ph.D.
degrees in E.E., mathematics and

physics for staff membership in
research and development in Lex
ington, Mass.
Procter and Gamble Company:
Openings for A.B. and M.B.A. de
grees in business or liberal arts
in the advertising and sales de
partments; for M.E., C.E., E.E.,
1.E., chemical engineering and
chemistry in the technical depart
ment; in Cincinnati, Ohio, for ad
vertising; throughout the U.S. in
cluding Los Angeles, Seattle, San
Francisco and overseas locations
for sales and technical.
Southern California Edi so n
Company: Openings for B.S. de
grees in C.E., E.E., I.E. and M.E.
in the engineering, operating and
commercial departments in Los
Angeles. U.S. citizens preferred
but not necessary.
