# Tea & Sympathy' Matinee Today
## 
### 
A portion of Robert Anderson's!
"Tea and Sympathy" will be pre
sented at 4:15 p.m. today in the
Little Theater, Memorial Audito
rium. It is the first dramatic pro
duction in this season's Wednes
day Matinee series.
The play is directed by Howard
Fishlove, graduate student in thei
department of speech and drama. !
A portion of Robert Anderson's!
"Tea and Sympathy" will be pre
sented at 4:15 p.m. today in the
Little Theater, Memorial Audito
rium. It is the first dramatic pro
duction in this season's Wednes
day Matinee series.
The play is directed by Howard
Fishlove, graduate student in thei
department of speech and drama. !
A portion of Robert Anderson's!
"Tea and Sympathy" will be pre
sented at 4:15 p.m. today in the
Little Theater, Memorial Audito
rium. It is the first dramatic pro
duction in this season's Wednes
day Matinee series.
The play is directed by Howard
Fishlove, graduate student in thei
department of speech and drama. !
A portion of Robert Anderson's!
"Tea and Sympathy" will be pre
sented at 4:15 p.m. today in the
Little Theater, Memorial Audito
rium. It is the first dramatic pro
duction in this season's Wednes
day Matinee series.
The play is directed by Howard
Fishlove, graduate student in thei
department of speech and drama. !
A portion of Robert Anderson's!
"Tea and Sympathy" will be pre
sented at 4:15 p.m. today in the
Little Theater, Memorial Audito
rium. It is the first dramatic pro
duction in this season's Wednes
day Matinee series.
The play is directed by Howard
Fishlove, graduate student in thei
department of speech and drama. !
A portion of Robert Anderson's!
"Tea and Sympathy" will be pre
sented at 4:15 p.m. today in the
Little Theater, Memorial Audito
rium. It is the first dramatic pro
duction in this season's Wednes
day Matinee series.
The play is directed by Howard
Fishlove, graduate student in thei
department of speech and drama. !
A portion of Robert Anderson's!
"Tea and Sympathy" will be pre
sented at 4:15 p.m. today in the
Little Theater, Memorial Audito
rium. It is the first dramatic pro
duction in this season's Wednes
day Matinee series.
The play is directed by Howard
Fishlove, graduate student in thei
department of speech and drama. !
A portion of Robert Anderson's!
"Tea and Sympathy" will be pre
sented at 4:15 p.m. today in the
Little Theater, Memorial Audito
rium. It is the first dramatic pro
duction in this season's Wednes
day Matinee series.
The play is directed by Howard
Fishlove, graduate student in thei
department of speech and drama. !
A portion of Robert Anderson's!
"Tea and Sympathy" will be pre
sented at 4:15 p.m. today in the
Little Theater, Memorial Audito
rium. It is the first dramatic pro
duction in this season's Wednes
day Matinee series.
The play is directed by Howard
Fishlove, graduate student in thei
department of speech and drama. !
A portion of Robert Anderson's!
"Tea and Sympathy" will be pre
sented at 4:15 p.m. today in the
Little Theater, Memorial Audito
rium. It is the first dramatic pro
duction in this season's Wednes
day Matinee series.
The play is directed by Howard
Fishlove, graduate student in thei
department of speech and drama. !
A portion of Robert Anderson's!
"Tea and Sympathy" will be pre
sented at 4:15 p.m. today in the
Little Theater, Memorial Audito
rium. It is the first dramatic pro
duction in this season's Wednes
day Matinee series.
The play is directed by Howard
Fishlove, graduate student in thei
department of speech and drama. !
A portion of Robert Anderson's!
"Tea and Sympathy" will be pre
sented at 4:15 p.m. today in the
Little Theater, Memorial Audito
rium. It is the first dramatic pro
duction in this season's Wednes
day Matinee series.
The play is directed by Howard
Fishlove, graduate student in thei
department of speech and drama. !
A portion of Robert Anderson's!
"Tea and Sympathy" will be pre
sented at 4:15 p.m. today in the
Little Theater, Memorial Audito
rium. It is the first dramatic pro
duction in this season's Wednes
day Matinee series.
The play is directed by Howard
Fishlove, graduate student in thei
department of speech and drama. !
A portion of Robert Anderson's!
"Tea and Sympathy" will be pre
sented at 4:15 p.m. today in the
Little Theater, Memorial Audito
rium. It is the first dramatic pro
duction in this season's Wednes
day Matinee series.
The play is directed by Howard
Fishlove, graduate student in thei
department of speech and drama. !
A portion of Robert Anderson's!
"Tea and Sympathy" will be pre
sented at 4:15 p.m. today in the
Little Theater, Memorial Audito
rium. It is the first dramatic pro
duction in this season's Wednes
day Matinee series.
The play is directed by Howard
Fishlove, graduate student in thei
department of speech and drama. !
A portion of Robert Anderson's!
"Tea and Sympathy" will be pre
sented at 4:15 p.m. today in the
Little Theater, Memorial Audito
rium. It is the first dramatic pro
duction in this season's Wednes
day Matinee series.
The play is directed by Howard
Fishlove, graduate student in thei
department of speech and drama. !
