# Adv. 5 Page 2
## 
### 
MILLER
CLOTHES
SHOP
We feature the finest
CORDS that are sold
in Palo Alto. A very
tough, reinforced pant,
good for a year of hard
wear.
$3.45 & $5.00
Incidentally we carry i
only Wilson's Brothers
Haberdashery and
Regal Shoes
267 University
MILLER
CLOTHES
SHOP
We feature the finest
CORDS that are sold
in Palo Alto. A very
tough, reinforced pant,
good for a year of hard
wear.
$3.45 & $5.00
Incidentally we carry i
only Wilson's Brothers
Haberdashery and
Regal Shoes
267 University
MILLER
CLOTHES
SHOP
We feature the finest
CORDS that are sold
in Palo Alto. A very
tough, reinforced pant,
good for a year of hard
wear.
$3.45 & $5.00
Incidentally we carry i
only Wilson's Brothers
Haberdashery and
Regal Shoes
267 University
MILLER
CLOTHES
SHOP
We feature the finest
CORDS that are sold
in Palo Alto. A very
tough, reinforced pant,
good for a year of hard
wear.
$3.45 & $5.00
Incidentally we carry i
only Wilson's Brothers
Haberdashery and
Regal Shoes
267 University
MILLER
CLOTHES
SHOP
We feature the finest
CORDS that are sold
in Palo Alto. A very
tough, reinforced pant,
good for a year of hard
wear.
$3.45 & $5.00
Incidentally we carry i
only Wilson's Brothers
Haberdashery and
Regal Shoes
267 University
MILLER
CLOTHES
SHOP
We feature the finest
CORDS that are sold
in Palo Alto. A very
tough, reinforced pant,
good for a year of hard
wear.
$3.45 & $5.00
Incidentally we carry i
only Wilson's Brothers
Haberdashery and
Regal Shoes
267 University
MILLER
CLOTHES
SHOP
We feature the finest
CORDS that are sold
in Palo Alto. A very
tough, reinforced pant,
good for a year of hard
wear.
$3.45 & $5.00
Incidentally we carry i
only Wilson's Brothers
Haberdashery and
Regal Shoes
267 University
MILLER
CLOTHES
SHOP
We feature the finest
CORDS that are sold
in Palo Alto. A very
tough, reinforced pant,
good for a year of hard
wear.
$3.45 & $5.00
Incidentally we carry i
only Wilson's Brothers
Haberdashery and
Regal Shoes
267 University
MILLER
CLOTHES
SHOP
We feature the finest
CORDS that are sold
in Palo Alto. A very
tough, reinforced pant,
good for a year of hard
wear.
$3.45 & $5.00
Incidentally we carry i
only Wilson's Brothers
Haberdashery and
Regal Shoes
267 University
MILLER
CLOTHES
SHOP
We feature the finest
CORDS that are sold
in Palo Alto. A very
tough, reinforced pant,
good for a year of hard
wear.
$3.45 & $5.00
Incidentally we carry i
only Wilson's Brothers
Haberdashery and
Regal Shoes
267 University
MILLER
CLOTHES
SHOP
We feature the finest
CORDS that are sold
in Palo Alto. A very
tough, reinforced pant,
good for a year of hard
wear.
$3.45 & $5.00
Incidentally we carry i
only Wilson's Brothers
Haberdashery and
Regal Shoes
267 University
MILLER
CLOTHES
SHOP
We feature the finest
CORDS that are sold
in Palo Alto. A very
tough, reinforced pant,
good for a year of hard
wear.
$3.45 & $5.00
Incidentally we carry i
only Wilson's Brothers
Haberdashery and
Regal Shoes
267 University
MILLER
CLOTHES
SHOP
We feature the finest
CORDS that are sold
in Palo Alto. A very
tough, reinforced pant,
good for a year of hard
wear.
$3.45 & $5.00
Incidentally we carry i
only Wilson's Brothers
Haberdashery and
Regal Shoes
267 University
MILLER
CLOTHES
SHOP
We feature the finest
CORDS that are sold
in Palo Alto. A very
tough, reinforced pant,
good for a year of hard
wear.
$3.45 & $5.00
Incidentally we carry i
only Wilson's Brothers
Haberdashery and
Regal Shoes
267 University
MILLER
CLOTHES
SHOP
We feature the finest
CORDS that are sold
in Palo Alto. A very
tough, reinforced pant,
good for a year of hard
wear.
$3.45 & $5.00
Incidentally we carry i
only Wilson's Brothers
Haberdashery and
Regal Shoes
267 University
