# SMALLING OVERLOOKED
## 
### 
"Chuck" Smalling, one of the best
fullbacks in Stanford gridiron his
tory, played second-string halfback
cn Templeton high school near San
Luis Opispo. He got in only two
games during his whole high school
career.
"Chuck" Smalling, one of the best
fullbacks in Stanford gridiron his
tory, played second-string halfback
cn Templeton high school near San
Luis Opispo. He got in only two
games during his whole high school
career.
"Chuck" Smalling, one of the best
fullbacks in Stanford gridiron his
tory, played second-string halfback
cn Templeton high school near San
Luis Opispo. He got in only two
games during his whole high school
career.
"Chuck" Smalling, one of the best
fullbacks in Stanford gridiron his
tory, played second-string halfback
cn Templeton high school near San
Luis Opispo. He got in only two
games during his whole high school
career.
"Chuck" Smalling, one of the best
fullbacks in Stanford gridiron his
tory, played second-string halfback
cn Templeton high school near San
Luis Opispo. He got in only two
games during his whole high school
career.
"Chuck" Smalling, one of the best
fullbacks in Stanford gridiron his
tory, played second-string halfback
cn Templeton high school near San
Luis Opispo. He got in only two
games during his whole high school
career.
"Chuck" Smalling, one of the best
fullbacks in Stanford gridiron his
tory, played second-string halfback
cn Templeton high school near San
Luis Opispo. He got in only two
games during his whole high school
career.
"Chuck" Smalling, one of the best
fullbacks in Stanford gridiron his
tory, played second-string halfback
cn Templeton high school near San
Luis Opispo. He got in only two
games during his whole high school
career.
"Chuck" Smalling, one of the best
fullbacks in Stanford gridiron his
tory, played second-string halfback
cn Templeton high school near San
Luis Opispo. He got in only two
games during his whole high school
career.
"Chuck" Smalling, one of the best
fullbacks in Stanford gridiron his
tory, played second-string halfback
cn Templeton high school near San
Luis Opispo. He got in only two
games during his whole high school
career.
"Chuck" Smalling, one of the best
fullbacks in Stanford gridiron his
tory, played second-string halfback
cn Templeton high school near San
Luis Opispo. He got in only two
games during his whole high school
career.
"Chuck" Smalling, one of the best
fullbacks in Stanford gridiron his
tory, played second-string halfback
cn Templeton high school near San
Luis Opispo. He got in only two
games during his whole high school
career.
"Chuck" Smalling, one of the best
fullbacks in Stanford gridiron his
tory, played second-string halfback
cn Templeton high school near San
Luis Opispo. He got in only two
games during his whole high school
career.
"Chuck" Smalling, one of the best
fullbacks in Stanford gridiron his
tory, played second-string halfback
cn Templeton high school near San
Luis Opispo. He got in only two
games during his whole high school
career.
"Chuck" Smalling, one of the best
fullbacks in Stanford gridiron his
tory, played second-string halfback
cn Templeton high school near San
Luis Opispo. He got in only two
games during his whole high school
career.
