# LEADS BERKELEYANS
## 
### 

ALTHOUGH HE has seen little service this season, Captain Ed
Griffiths will probably get a chance to sock the Cardinal tomorrow
afternoon. Griffiths is a right half, and a good one.

ALTHOUGH HE has seen little service this season, Captain Ed
Griffiths will probably get a chance to sock the Cardinal tomorrow
afternoon. Griffiths is a right half, and a good one.

ALTHOUGH HE has seen little service this season, Captain Ed
Griffiths will probably get a chance to sock the Cardinal tomorrow
afternoon. Griffiths is a right half, and a good one.

ALTHOUGH HE has seen little service this season, Captain Ed
Griffiths will probably get a chance to sock the Cardinal tomorrow
afternoon. Griffiths is a right half, and a good one.

ALTHOUGH HE has seen little service this season, Captain Ed
Griffiths will probably get a chance to sock the Cardinal tomorrow
afternoon. Griffiths is a right half, and a good one.

ALTHOUGH HE has seen little service this season, Captain Ed
Griffiths will probably get a chance to sock the Cardinal tomorrow
afternoon. Griffiths is a right half, and a good one.

ALTHOUGH HE has seen little service this season, Captain Ed
Griffiths will probably get a chance to sock the Cardinal tomorrow
afternoon. Griffiths is a right half, and a good one.

ALTHOUGH HE has seen little service this season, Captain Ed
Griffiths will probably get a chance to sock the Cardinal tomorrow
afternoon. Griffiths is a right half, and a good one.

ALTHOUGH HE has seen little service this season, Captain Ed
Griffiths will probably get a chance to sock the Cardinal tomorrow
afternoon. Griffiths is a right half, and a good one.

ALTHOUGH HE has seen little service this season, Captain Ed
Griffiths will probably get a chance to sock the Cardinal tomorrow
afternoon. Griffiths is a right half, and a good one.

ALTHOUGH HE has seen little service this season, Captain Ed
Griffiths will probably get a chance to sock the Cardinal tomorrow
afternoon. Griffiths is a right half, and a good one.

ALTHOUGH HE has seen little service this season, Captain Ed
Griffiths will probably get a chance to sock the Cardinal tomorrow
afternoon. Griffiths is a right half, and a good one.

ALTHOUGH HE has seen little service this season, Captain Ed
Griffiths will probably get a chance to sock the Cardinal tomorrow
afternoon. Griffiths is a right half, and a good one.

ALTHOUGH HE has seen little service this season, Captain Ed
Griffiths will probably get a chance to sock the Cardinal tomorrow
afternoon. Griffiths is a right half, and a good one.

ALTHOUGH HE has seen little service this season, Captain Ed
Griffiths will probably get a chance to sock the Cardinal tomorrow
afternoon. Griffiths is a right half, and a good one.
