# Moffatt May Start
## 
### 
As matters stand now, it looks as
though Moffatt might get into the
Big Game for a few plays, but not
for long. And probably never again
will he get a chance to show the
old speed and courage that have
made him one of the best halfbacks
in the country. The gods that rule
the gridiron have spoken, and there
is little to do but obey.
After all, they are only the breaks
of the game, come where they may.
As matters stand now, it looks as
though Moffatt might get into the
Big Game for a few plays, but not
for long. And probably never again
will he get a chance to show the
old speed and courage that have
made him one of the best halfbacks
in the country. The gods that rule
the gridiron have spoken, and there
is little to do but obey.
After all, they are only the breaks
of the game, come where they may.
As matters stand now, it looks as
though Moffatt might get into the
Big Game for a few plays, but not
for long. And probably never again
will he get a chance to show the
old speed and courage that have
made him one of the best halfbacks
in the country. The gods that rule
the gridiron have spoken, and there
is little to do but obey.
After all, they are only the breaks
of the game, come where they may.
As matters stand now, it looks as
though Moffatt might get into the
Big Game for a few plays, but not
for long. And probably never again
will he get a chance to show the
old speed and courage that have
made him one of the best halfbacks
in the country. The gods that rule
the gridiron have spoken, and there
is little to do but obey.
After all, they are only the breaks
of the game, come where they may.
As matters stand now, it looks as
though Moffatt might get into the
Big Game for a few plays, but not
for long. And probably never again
will he get a chance to show the
old speed and courage that have
made him one of the best halfbacks
in the country. The gods that rule
the gridiron have spoken, and there
is little to do but obey.
After all, they are only the breaks
of the game, come where they may.
As matters stand now, it looks as
though Moffatt might get into the
Big Game for a few plays, but not
for long. And probably never again
will he get a chance to show the
old speed and courage that have
made him one of the best halfbacks
in the country. The gods that rule
the gridiron have spoken, and there
is little to do but obey.
After all, they are only the breaks
of the game, come where they may.
As matters stand now, it looks as
though Moffatt might get into the
Big Game for a few plays, but not
for long. And probably never again
will he get a chance to show the
old speed and courage that have
made him one of the best halfbacks
in the country. The gods that rule
the gridiron have spoken, and there
is little to do but obey.
After all, they are only the breaks
of the game, come where they may.
As matters stand now, it looks as
though Moffatt might get into the
Big Game for a few plays, but not
for long. And probably never again
will he get a chance to show the
old speed and courage that have
made him one of the best halfbacks
in the country. The gods that rule
the gridiron have spoken, and there
is little to do but obey.
After all, they are only the breaks
of the game, come where they may.
As matters stand now, it looks as
though Moffatt might get into the
Big Game for a few plays, but not
for long. And probably never again
will he get a chance to show the
old speed and courage that have
made him one of the best halfbacks
in the country. The gods that rule
the gridiron have spoken, and there
is little to do but obey.
After all, they are only the breaks
of the game, come where they may.
As matters stand now, it looks as
though Moffatt might get into the
Big Game for a few plays, but not
for long. And probably never again
will he get a chance to show the
old speed and courage that have
made him one of the best halfbacks
in the country. The gods that rule
the gridiron have spoken, and there
is little to do but obey.
After all, they are only the breaks
of the game, come where they may.
As matters stand now, it looks as
though Moffatt might get into the
Big Game for a few plays, but not
for long. And probably never again
will he get a chance to show the
old speed and courage that have
made him one of the best halfbacks
in the country. The gods that rule
the gridiron have spoken, and there
is little to do but obey.
After all, they are only the breaks
of the game, come where they may.
As matters stand now, it looks as
though Moffatt might get into the
Big Game for a few plays, but not
for long. And probably never again
will he get a chance to show the
old speed and courage that have
made him one of the best halfbacks
in the country. The gods that rule
the gridiron have spoken, and there
is little to do but obey.
After all, they are only the breaks
of the game, come where they may.
As matters stand now, it looks as
though Moffatt might get into the
Big Game for a few plays, but not
for long. And probably never again
will he get a chance to show the
old speed and courage that have
made him one of the best halfbacks
in the country. The gods that rule
the gridiron have spoken, and there
is little to do but obey.
After all, they are only the breaks
of the game, come where they may.
As matters stand now, it looks as
though Moffatt might get into the
Big Game for a few plays, but not
for long. And probably never again
will he get a chance to show the
old speed and courage that have
made him one of the best halfbacks
in the country. The gods that rule
the gridiron have spoken, and there
is little to do but obey.
After all, they are only the breaks
of the game, come where they may.
As matters stand now, it looks as
though Moffatt might get into the
Big Game for a few plays, but not
for long. And probably never again
will he get a chance to show the
old speed and courage that have
made him one of the best halfbacks
in the country. The gods that rule
the gridiron have spoken, and there
is little to do but obey.
After all, they are only the breaks
of the game, come where they may.
