# OHIO CONVENES FOR GARFIELD MEMORIAL
## 
### 
HIRAM, Ohio, Nov. 19.—(/P) —Ohio
uoadcast to the nation today a me
norial to one of the state's most dis
inguished sons. It was the one
mndredth anniversary of the birth
1 James Abram Garfield, twentieth
•resident of the United States..

Speakers here and in Cleveland
ecalled the tragic days in 1881
hrough which the nation waited for
yord from the bedside of the Presi
ent in Elberon, N.J.. where he lay
lortall? wounded from an assassin's
iullet.
HIRAM, Ohio, Nov. 19.—(/P) —Ohio
uoadcast to the nation today a me
norial to one of the state's most dis
inguished sons. It was the one
mndredth anniversary of the birth
1 James Abram Garfield, twentieth
•resident of the United States..

Speakers here and in Cleveland
ecalled the tragic days in 1881
hrough which the nation waited for
yord from the bedside of the Presi
ent in Elberon, N.J.. where he lay
lortall? wounded from an assassin's
iullet.
HIRAM, Ohio, Nov. 19.—(/P) —Ohio
uoadcast to the nation today a me
norial to one of the state's most dis
inguished sons. It was the one
mndredth anniversary of the birth
1 James Abram Garfield, twentieth
•resident of the United States..

Speakers here and in Cleveland
ecalled the tragic days in 1881
hrough which the nation waited for
yord from the bedside of the Presi
ent in Elberon, N.J.. where he lay
lortall? wounded from an assassin's
iullet.
HIRAM, Ohio, Nov. 19.—(/P) —Ohio
uoadcast to the nation today a me
norial to one of the state's most dis
inguished sons. It was the one
mndredth anniversary of the birth
1 James Abram Garfield, twentieth
•resident of the United States..

Speakers here and in Cleveland
ecalled the tragic days in 1881
hrough which the nation waited for
yord from the bedside of the Presi
ent in Elberon, N.J.. where he lay
lortall? wounded from an assassin's
iullet.
HIRAM, Ohio, Nov. 19.—(/P) —Ohio
uoadcast to the nation today a me
norial to one of the state's most dis
inguished sons. It was the one
mndredth anniversary of the birth
1 James Abram Garfield, twentieth
•resident of the United States..

Speakers here and in Cleveland
ecalled the tragic days in 1881
hrough which the nation waited for
yord from the bedside of the Presi
ent in Elberon, N.J.. where he lay
lortall? wounded from an assassin's
iullet.
HIRAM, Ohio, Nov. 19.—(/P) —Ohio
uoadcast to the nation today a me
norial to one of the state's most dis
inguished sons. It was the one
mndredth anniversary of the birth
1 James Abram Garfield, twentieth
•resident of the United States..

Speakers here and in Cleveland
ecalled the tragic days in 1881
hrough which the nation waited for
yord from the bedside of the Presi
ent in Elberon, N.J.. where he lay
lortall? wounded from an assassin's
iullet.
HIRAM, Ohio, Nov. 19.—(/P) —Ohio
uoadcast to the nation today a me
norial to one of the state's most dis
inguished sons. It was the one
mndredth anniversary of the birth
1 James Abram Garfield, twentieth
•resident of the United States..

Speakers here and in Cleveland
ecalled the tragic days in 1881
hrough which the nation waited for
yord from the bedside of the Presi
ent in Elberon, N.J.. where he lay
lortall? wounded from an assassin's
iullet.
HIRAM, Ohio, Nov. 19.—(/P) —Ohio
uoadcast to the nation today a me
norial to one of the state's most dis
inguished sons. It was the one
mndredth anniversary of the birth
1 James Abram Garfield, twentieth
•resident of the United States..

Speakers here and in Cleveland
ecalled the tragic days in 1881
hrough which the nation waited for
yord from the bedside of the Presi
ent in Elberon, N.J.. where he lay
lortall? wounded from an assassin's
iullet.
HIRAM, Ohio, Nov. 19.—(/P) —Ohio
uoadcast to the nation today a me
norial to one of the state's most dis
inguished sons. It was the one
mndredth anniversary of the birth
1 James Abram Garfield, twentieth
•resident of the United States..

Speakers here and in Cleveland
ecalled the tragic days in 1881
hrough which the nation waited for
yord from the bedside of the Presi
ent in Elberon, N.J.. where he lay
lortall? wounded from an assassin's
iullet.
HIRAM, Ohio, Nov. 19.—(/P) —Ohio
uoadcast to the nation today a me
norial to one of the state's most dis
inguished sons. It was the one
mndredth anniversary of the birth
1 James Abram Garfield, twentieth
•resident of the United States..

Speakers here and in Cleveland
ecalled the tragic days in 1881
hrough which the nation waited for
yord from the bedside of the Presi
ent in Elberon, N.J.. where he lay
lortall? wounded from an assassin's
iullet.
HIRAM, Ohio, Nov. 19.—(/P) —Ohio
uoadcast to the nation today a me
norial to one of the state's most dis
inguished sons. It was the one
mndredth anniversary of the birth
1 James Abram Garfield, twentieth
•resident of the United States..

Speakers here and in Cleveland
ecalled the tragic days in 1881
hrough which the nation waited for
yord from the bedside of the Presi
ent in Elberon, N.J.. where he lay
lortall? wounded from an assassin's
iullet.
HIRAM, Ohio, Nov. 19.—(/P) —Ohio
uoadcast to the nation today a me
norial to one of the state's most dis
inguished sons. It was the one
mndredth anniversary of the birth
1 James Abram Garfield, twentieth
•resident of the United States..

Speakers here and in Cleveland
ecalled the tragic days in 1881
hrough which the nation waited for
yord from the bedside of the Presi
ent in Elberon, N.J.. where he lay
lortall? wounded from an assassin's
iullet.
HIRAM, Ohio, Nov. 19.—(/P) —Ohio
uoadcast to the nation today a me
norial to one of the state's most dis
inguished sons. It was the one
mndredth anniversary of the birth
1 James Abram Garfield, twentieth
•resident of the United States..

Speakers here and in Cleveland
ecalled the tragic days in 1881
hrough which the nation waited for
yord from the bedside of the Presi
ent in Elberon, N.J.. where he lay
lortall? wounded from an assassin's
iullet.
HIRAM, Ohio, Nov. 19.—(/P) —Ohio
uoadcast to the nation today a me
norial to one of the state's most dis
inguished sons. It was the one
mndredth anniversary of the birth
1 James Abram Garfield, twentieth
•resident of the United States..

Speakers here and in Cleveland
ecalled the tragic days in 1881
hrough which the nation waited for
yord from the bedside of the Presi
ent in Elberon, N.J.. where he lay
lortall? wounded from an assassin's
iullet.
HIRAM, Ohio, Nov. 19.—(/P) —Ohio
uoadcast to the nation today a me
norial to one of the state's most dis
inguished sons. It was the one
mndredth anniversary of the birth
1 James Abram Garfield, twentieth
•resident of the United States..

Speakers here and in Cleveland
ecalled the tragic days in 1881
hrough which the nation waited for
yord from the bedside of the Presi
ent in Elberon, N.J.. where he lay
lortall? wounded from an assassin's
iullet.
