# IGNORANCE IS BLISS
## 
### 
"Far ke it from us (o say any
thing about Fop Warner. Why, we
ncver oven heard of the guy."—
Daily Californian.
"Far ke it from us (o say any
thing about Fop Warner. Why, we
ncver oven heard of the guy."—
Daily Californian.
"Far ke it from us (o say any
thing about Fop Warner. Why, we
ncver oven heard of the guy."—
Daily Californian.
"Far ke it from us (o say any
thing about Fop Warner. Why, we
ncver oven heard of the guy."—
Daily Californian.
"Far ke it from us (o say any
thing about Fop Warner. Why, we
ncver oven heard of the guy."—
Daily Californian.
"Far ke it from us (o say any
thing about Fop Warner. Why, we
ncver oven heard of the guy."—
Daily Californian.
"Far ke it from us (o say any
thing about Fop Warner. Why, we
ncver oven heard of the guy."—
Daily Californian.
"Far ke it from us (o say any
thing about Fop Warner. Why, we
ncver oven heard of the guy."—
Daily Californian.
"Far ke it from us (o say any
thing about Fop Warner. Why, we
ncver oven heard of the guy."—
Daily Californian.
"Far ke it from us (o say any
thing about Fop Warner. Why, we
ncver oven heard of the guy."—
Daily Californian.
"Far ke it from us (o say any
thing about Fop Warner. Why, we
ncver oven heard of the guy."—
Daily Californian.
"Far ke it from us (o say any
thing about Fop Warner. Why, we
ncver oven heard of the guy."—
Daily Californian.
"Far ke it from us (o say any
thing about Fop Warner. Why, we
ncver oven heard of the guy."—
Daily Californian.
"Far ke it from us (o say any
thing about Fop Warner. Why, we
ncver oven heard of the guy."—
Daily Californian.
"Far ke it from us (o say any
thing about Fop Warner. Why, we
ncver oven heard of the guy."—
Daily Californian.
