# WAR VETERANS PLAN STAND FOR HOOVER
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19.—(A')
Republican War Veterans of Cali
fornia have been called into conven
tion here next Dec. 4-5 by the di
rectors of the Republican War Vet
erans. At the convention the ques
tion of changing the name of the
organization to the Republican Ser
vice League will be discussed. Also
plans will be made for getting be
hind the movement to re-elect Her
bert Hoover, the veterans were told.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19.—(A')
Republican War Veterans of Cali
fornia have been called into conven
tion here next Dec. 4-5 by the di
rectors of the Republican War Vet
erans. At the convention the ques
tion of changing the name of the
organization to the Republican Ser
vice League will be discussed. Also
plans will be made for getting be
hind the movement to re-elect Her
bert Hoover, the veterans were told.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19.—(A')
Republican War Veterans of Cali
fornia have been called into conven
tion here next Dec. 4-5 by the di
rectors of the Republican War Vet
erans. At the convention the ques
tion of changing the name of the
organization to the Republican Ser
vice League will be discussed. Also
plans will be made for getting be
hind the movement to re-elect Her
bert Hoover, the veterans were told.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19.—(A')
Republican War Veterans of Cali
fornia have been called into conven
tion here next Dec. 4-5 by the di
rectors of the Republican War Vet
erans. At the convention the ques
tion of changing the name of the
organization to the Republican Ser
vice League will be discussed. Also
plans will be made for getting be
hind the movement to re-elect Her
bert Hoover, the veterans were told.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19.—(A')
Republican War Veterans of Cali
fornia have been called into conven
tion here next Dec. 4-5 by the di
rectors of the Republican War Vet
erans. At the convention the ques
tion of changing the name of the
organization to the Republican Ser
vice League will be discussed. Also
plans will be made for getting be
hind the movement to re-elect Her
bert Hoover, the veterans were told.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19.—(A')
Republican War Veterans of Cali
fornia have been called into conven
tion here next Dec. 4-5 by the di
rectors of the Republican War Vet
erans. At the convention the ques
tion of changing the name of the
organization to the Republican Ser
vice League will be discussed. Also
plans will be made for getting be
hind the movement to re-elect Her
bert Hoover, the veterans were told.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19.—(A')
Republican War Veterans of Cali
fornia have been called into conven
tion here next Dec. 4-5 by the di
rectors of the Republican War Vet
erans. At the convention the ques
tion of changing the name of the
organization to the Republican Ser
vice League will be discussed. Also
plans will be made for getting be
hind the movement to re-elect Her
bert Hoover, the veterans were told.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19.—(A')
Republican War Veterans of Cali
fornia have been called into conven
tion here next Dec. 4-5 by the di
rectors of the Republican War Vet
erans. At the convention the ques
tion of changing the name of the
organization to the Republican Ser
vice League will be discussed. Also
plans will be made for getting be
hind the movement to re-elect Her
bert Hoover, the veterans were told.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19.—(A')
Republican War Veterans of Cali
fornia have been called into conven
tion here next Dec. 4-5 by the di
rectors of the Republican War Vet
erans. At the convention the ques
tion of changing the name of the
organization to the Republican Ser
vice League will be discussed. Also
plans will be made for getting be
hind the movement to re-elect Her
bert Hoover, the veterans were told.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19.—(A')
Republican War Veterans of Cali
fornia have been called into conven
tion here next Dec. 4-5 by the di
rectors of the Republican War Vet
erans. At the convention the ques
tion of changing the name of the
organization to the Republican Ser
vice League will be discussed. Also
plans will be made for getting be
hind the movement to re-elect Her
bert Hoover, the veterans were told.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19.—(A')
Republican War Veterans of Cali
fornia have been called into conven
tion here next Dec. 4-5 by the di
rectors of the Republican War Vet
erans. At the convention the ques
tion of changing the name of the
organization to the Republican Ser
vice League will be discussed. Also
plans will be made for getting be
hind the movement to re-elect Her
bert Hoover, the veterans were told.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19.—(A')
Republican War Veterans of Cali
fornia have been called into conven
tion here next Dec. 4-5 by the di
rectors of the Republican War Vet
erans. At the convention the ques
tion of changing the name of the
organization to the Republican Ser
vice League will be discussed. Also
plans will be made for getting be
hind the movement to re-elect Her
bert Hoover, the veterans were told.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19.—(A')
Republican War Veterans of Cali
fornia have been called into conven
tion here next Dec. 4-5 by the di
rectors of the Republican War Vet
erans. At the convention the ques
tion of changing the name of the
organization to the Republican Ser
vice League will be discussed. Also
plans will be made for getting be
hind the movement to re-elect Her
bert Hoover, the veterans were told.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19.—(A')
Republican War Veterans of Cali
fornia have been called into conven
tion here next Dec. 4-5 by the di
rectors of the Republican War Vet
erans. At the convention the ques
tion of changing the name of the
organization to the Republican Ser
vice League will be discussed. Also
plans will be made for getting be
hind the movement to re-elect Her
bert Hoover, the veterans were told.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 19.—(A')
Republican War Veterans of Cali
fornia have been called into conven
tion here next Dec. 4-5 by the di
rectors of the Republican War Vet
erans. At the convention the ques
tion of changing the name of the
organization to the Republican Ser
vice League will be discussed. Also
plans will be made for getting be
hind the movement to re-elect Her
bert Hoover, the veterans were told.
