# Bruin Decathlon Champ
## 
### 
1
Ruler Johnson, UCLA's ace hurdler and field event man, won flu*
National AAU decathlon last June. He and the rest of his Bruin
males will Im* in action tomorrow starting at 1:30 p.m. at the Sta
dium. Stanford will be trying to rebound from a defeat by Occi
dental College last weekend in the Southland, but according to all
the experts they will have to upset the heavily favored Bruins.

1
Ruler Johnson, UCLA's ace hurdler and field event man, won flu*
National AAU decathlon last June. He and the rest of his Bruin
males will Im* in action tomorrow starting at 1:30 p.m. at the Sta
dium. Stanford will be trying to rebound from a defeat by Occi
dental College last weekend in the Southland, but according to all
the experts they will have to upset the heavily favored Bruins.

1
Ruler Johnson, UCLA's ace hurdler and field event man, won flu*
National AAU decathlon last June. He and the rest of his Bruin
males will Im* in action tomorrow starting at 1:30 p.m. at the Sta
dium. Stanford will be trying to rebound from a defeat by Occi
dental College last weekend in the Southland, but according to all
the experts they will have to upset the heavily favored Bruins.

1
Ruler Johnson, UCLA's ace hurdler and field event man, won flu*
National AAU decathlon last June. He and the rest of his Bruin
males will Im* in action tomorrow starting at 1:30 p.m. at the Sta
dium. Stanford will be trying to rebound from a defeat by Occi
dental College last weekend in the Southland, but according to all
the experts they will have to upset the heavily favored Bruins.

1
Ruler Johnson, UCLA's ace hurdler and field event man, won flu*
National AAU decathlon last June. He and the rest of his Bruin
males will Im* in action tomorrow starting at 1:30 p.m. at the Sta
dium. Stanford will be trying to rebound from a defeat by Occi
dental College last weekend in the Southland, but according to all
the experts they will have to upset the heavily favored Bruins.

1
Ruler Johnson, UCLA's ace hurdler and field event man, won flu*
National AAU decathlon last June. He and the rest of his Bruin
males will Im* in action tomorrow starting at 1:30 p.m. at the Sta
dium. Stanford will be trying to rebound from a defeat by Occi
dental College last weekend in the Southland, but according to all
the experts they will have to upset the heavily favored Bruins.

1
Ruler Johnson, UCLA's ace hurdler and field event man, won flu*
National AAU decathlon last June. He and the rest of his Bruin
males will Im* in action tomorrow starting at 1:30 p.m. at the Sta
dium. Stanford will be trying to rebound from a defeat by Occi
dental College last weekend in the Southland, but according to all
the experts they will have to upset the heavily favored Bruins.

1
Ruler Johnson, UCLA's ace hurdler and field event man, won flu*
National AAU decathlon last June. He and the rest of his Bruin
males will Im* in action tomorrow starting at 1:30 p.m. at the Sta
dium. Stanford will be trying to rebound from a defeat by Occi
dental College last weekend in the Southland, but according to all
the experts they will have to upset the heavily favored Bruins.

1
Ruler Johnson, UCLA's ace hurdler and field event man, won flu*
National AAU decathlon last June. He and the rest of his Bruin
males will Im* in action tomorrow starting at 1:30 p.m. at the Sta
dium. Stanford will be trying to rebound from a defeat by Occi
dental College last weekend in the Southland, but according to all
the experts they will have to upset the heavily favored Bruins.

1
Ruler Johnson, UCLA's ace hurdler and field event man, won flu*
National AAU decathlon last June. He and the rest of his Bruin
males will Im* in action tomorrow starting at 1:30 p.m. at the Sta
dium. Stanford will be trying to rebound from a defeat by Occi
dental College last weekend in the Southland, but according to all
the experts they will have to upset the heavily favored Bruins.

1
Ruler Johnson, UCLA's ace hurdler and field event man, won flu*
National AAU decathlon last June. He and the rest of his Bruin
males will Im* in action tomorrow starting at 1:30 p.m. at the Sta
dium. Stanford will be trying to rebound from a defeat by Occi
dental College last weekend in the Southland, but according to all
the experts they will have to upset the heavily favored Bruins.

1
Ruler Johnson, UCLA's ace hurdler and field event man, won flu*
National AAU decathlon last June. He and the rest of his Bruin
males will Im* in action tomorrow starting at 1:30 p.m. at the Sta
dium. Stanford will be trying to rebound from a defeat by Occi
dental College last weekend in the Southland, but according to all
the experts they will have to upset the heavily favored Bruins.

1
Ruler Johnson, UCLA's ace hurdler and field event man, won flu*
National AAU decathlon last June. He and the rest of his Bruin
males will Im* in action tomorrow starting at 1:30 p.m. at the Sta
dium. Stanford will be trying to rebound from a defeat by Occi
dental College last weekend in the Southland, but according to all
the experts they will have to upset the heavily favored Bruins.

1
Ruler Johnson, UCLA's ace hurdler and field event man, won flu*
National AAU decathlon last June. He and the rest of his Bruin
males will Im* in action tomorrow starting at 1:30 p.m. at the Sta
dium. Stanford will be trying to rebound from a defeat by Occi
dental College last weekend in the Southland, but according to all
the experts they will have to upset the heavily favored Bruins.

1
Ruler Johnson, UCLA's ace hurdler and field event man, won flu*
National AAU decathlon last June. He and the rest of his Bruin
males will Im* in action tomorrow starting at 1:30 p.m. at the Sta
dium. Stanford will be trying to rebound from a defeat by Occi
dental College last weekend in the Southland, but according to all
the experts they will have to upset the heavily favored Bruins.

