# June Army Draft Set at 12,000 Men
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, April 12 (UP)
The Army will draft 12,000 men
in June, the Defense Department
announced today.
The June call is the same as
that issued for May and double
the number drafted this month.
The June call will bring to 2,-
011,130 the number of men draft
ed into the armed forces since
September, 1950. No Navy. Ma
rine or Air Force draft will be
levied in June.
WASHINGTON, April 12 (UP)
The Army will draft 12,000 men
in June, the Defense Department
announced today.
The June call is the same as
that issued for May and double
the number drafted this month.
The June call will bring to 2,-
011,130 the number of men draft
ed into the armed forces since
September, 1950. No Navy. Ma
rine or Air Force draft will be
levied in June.
WASHINGTON, April 12 (UP)
The Army will draft 12,000 men
in June, the Defense Department
announced today.
The June call is the same as
that issued for May and double
the number drafted this month.
The June call will bring to 2,-
011,130 the number of men draft
ed into the armed forces since
September, 1950. No Navy. Ma
rine or Air Force draft will be
levied in June.
WASHINGTON, April 12 (UP)
The Army will draft 12,000 men
in June, the Defense Department
announced today.
The June call is the same as
that issued for May and double
the number drafted this month.
The June call will bring to 2,-
011,130 the number of men draft
ed into the armed forces since
September, 1950. No Navy. Ma
rine or Air Force draft will be
levied in June.
WASHINGTON, April 12 (UP)
The Army will draft 12,000 men
in June, the Defense Department
announced today.
The June call is the same as
that issued for May and double
the number drafted this month.
The June call will bring to 2,-
011,130 the number of men draft
ed into the armed forces since
September, 1950. No Navy. Ma
rine or Air Force draft will be
levied in June.
WASHINGTON, April 12 (UP)
The Army will draft 12,000 men
in June, the Defense Department
announced today.
The June call is the same as
that issued for May and double
the number drafted this month.
The June call will bring to 2,-
011,130 the number of men draft
ed into the armed forces since
September, 1950. No Navy. Ma
rine or Air Force draft will be
levied in June.
WASHINGTON, April 12 (UP)
The Army will draft 12,000 men
in June, the Defense Department
announced today.
The June call is the same as
that issued for May and double
the number drafted this month.
The June call will bring to 2,-
011,130 the number of men draft
ed into the armed forces since
September, 1950. No Navy. Ma
rine or Air Force draft will be
levied in June.
WASHINGTON, April 12 (UP)
The Army will draft 12,000 men
in June, the Defense Department
announced today.
The June call is the same as
that issued for May and double
the number drafted this month.
The June call will bring to 2,-
011,130 the number of men draft
ed into the armed forces since
September, 1950. No Navy. Ma
rine or Air Force draft will be
levied in June.
WASHINGTON, April 12 (UP)
The Army will draft 12,000 men
in June, the Defense Department
announced today.
The June call is the same as
that issued for May and double
the number drafted this month.
The June call will bring to 2,-
011,130 the number of men draft
ed into the armed forces since
September, 1950. No Navy. Ma
rine or Air Force draft will be
levied in June.
WASHINGTON, April 12 (UP)
The Army will draft 12,000 men
in June, the Defense Department
announced today.
The June call is the same as
that issued for May and double
the number drafted this month.
The June call will bring to 2,-
011,130 the number of men draft
ed into the armed forces since
September, 1950. No Navy. Ma
rine or Air Force draft will be
levied in June.
WASHINGTON, April 12 (UP)
The Army will draft 12,000 men
in June, the Defense Department
announced today.
The June call is the same as
that issued for May and double
the number drafted this month.
The June call will bring to 2,-
011,130 the number of men draft
ed into the armed forces since
September, 1950. No Navy. Ma
rine or Air Force draft will be
levied in June.
WASHINGTON, April 12 (UP)
The Army will draft 12,000 men
in June, the Defense Department
announced today.
The June call is the same as
that issued for May and double
the number drafted this month.
The June call will bring to 2,-
011,130 the number of men draft
ed into the armed forces since
September, 1950. No Navy. Ma
rine or Air Force draft will be
levied in June.
WASHINGTON, April 12 (UP)
The Army will draft 12,000 men
in June, the Defense Department
announced today.
The June call is the same as
that issued for May and double
the number drafted this month.
The June call will bring to 2,-
011,130 the number of men draft
ed into the armed forces since
September, 1950. No Navy. Ma
rine or Air Force draft will be
levied in June.
WASHINGTON, April 12 (UP)
The Army will draft 12,000 men
in June, the Defense Department
announced today.
The June call is the same as
that issued for May and double
the number drafted this month.
The June call will bring to 2,-
011,130 the number of men draft
ed into the armed forces since
September, 1950. No Navy. Ma
rine or Air Force draft will be
levied in June.
WASHINGTON, April 12 (UP)
The Army will draft 12,000 men
in June, the Defense Department
announced today.
The June call is the same as
that issued for May and double
the number drafted this month.
The June call will bring to 2,-
011,130 the number of men draft
ed into the armed forces since
September, 1950. No Navy. Ma
rine or Air Force draft will be
levied in June.
