# KZSU to Broadcast Track Meet, Ball Game Tomorrow
## 
### 
KZSU will broadcast both the
track meet and the baseball
game immediately following it
tomorrow. As soon as the relay
is over at the Stadium, KZSU
will switch to the Sunken Dia
mond for the remainder of the
Santa Clara baseball game.
KZSU will broadcast both the
track meet and the baseball
game immediately following it
tomorrow. As soon as the relay
is over at the Stadium, KZSU
will switch to the Sunken Dia
mond for the remainder of the
Santa Clara baseball game.
KZSU will broadcast both the
track meet and the baseball
game immediately following it
tomorrow. As soon as the relay
is over at the Stadium, KZSU
will switch to the Sunken Dia
mond for the remainder of the
Santa Clara baseball game.
KZSU will broadcast both the
track meet and the baseball
game immediately following it
tomorrow. As soon as the relay
is over at the Stadium, KZSU
will switch to the Sunken Dia
mond for the remainder of the
Santa Clara baseball game.
KZSU will broadcast both the
track meet and the baseball
game immediately following it
tomorrow. As soon as the relay
is over at the Stadium, KZSU
will switch to the Sunken Dia
mond for the remainder of the
Santa Clara baseball game.
KZSU will broadcast both the
track meet and the baseball
game immediately following it
tomorrow. As soon as the relay
is over at the Stadium, KZSU
will switch to the Sunken Dia
mond for the remainder of the
Santa Clara baseball game.
KZSU will broadcast both the
track meet and the baseball
game immediately following it
tomorrow. As soon as the relay
is over at the Stadium, KZSU
will switch to the Sunken Dia
mond for the remainder of the
Santa Clara baseball game.
KZSU will broadcast both the
track meet and the baseball
game immediately following it
tomorrow. As soon as the relay
is over at the Stadium, KZSU
will switch to the Sunken Dia
mond for the remainder of the
Santa Clara baseball game.
KZSU will broadcast both the
track meet and the baseball
game immediately following it
tomorrow. As soon as the relay
is over at the Stadium, KZSU
will switch to the Sunken Dia
mond for the remainder of the
Santa Clara baseball game.
KZSU will broadcast both the
track meet and the baseball
game immediately following it
tomorrow. As soon as the relay
is over at the Stadium, KZSU
will switch to the Sunken Dia
mond for the remainder of the
Santa Clara baseball game.
KZSU will broadcast both the
track meet and the baseball
game immediately following it
tomorrow. As soon as the relay
is over at the Stadium, KZSU
will switch to the Sunken Dia
mond for the remainder of the
Santa Clara baseball game.
KZSU will broadcast both the
track meet and the baseball
game immediately following it
tomorrow. As soon as the relay
is over at the Stadium, KZSU
will switch to the Sunken Dia
mond for the remainder of the
Santa Clara baseball game.
KZSU will broadcast both the
track meet and the baseball
game immediately following it
tomorrow. As soon as the relay
is over at the Stadium, KZSU
will switch to the Sunken Dia
mond for the remainder of the
Santa Clara baseball game.
KZSU will broadcast both the
track meet and the baseball
game immediately following it
tomorrow. As soon as the relay
is over at the Stadium, KZSU
will switch to the Sunken Dia
mond for the remainder of the
Santa Clara baseball game.
KZSU will broadcast both the
track meet and the baseball
game immediately following it
tomorrow. As soon as the relay
is over at the Stadium, KZSU
will switch to the Sunken Dia
mond for the remainder of the
Santa Clara baseball game.
