# Adv. 53 Page 15
## 
### 
HEY DAILY
STAFFERS!
It's another election!
This time it's a runoff
between Burt and Jim
for the coveted spot as
the Board of Directors
Editorial Staff
Member-at-Large.
So come to the Daily
office between noon
and 8 p.m. today to
vote. It's the last
time, we swear.
Unless, of course,
you don't vote —
because if we don't
get a quorum, we'll
have to hold the
election again and
again and again and
again and again ...
HEY DAILY
STAFFERS!
It's another election!
This time it's a runoff
between Burt and Jim
for the coveted spot as
the Board of Directors
Editorial Staff
Member-at-Large.
So come to the Daily
office between noon
and 8 p.m. today to
vote. It's the last
time, we swear.
Unless, of course,
you don't vote —
because if we don't
get a quorum, we'll
have to hold the
election again and
again and again and
again and again ...
HEY DAILY
STAFFERS!
It's another election!
This time it's a runoff
between Burt and Jim
for the coveted spot as
the Board of Directors
Editorial Staff
Member-at-Large.
So come to the Daily
office between noon
and 8 p.m. today to
vote. It's the last
time, we swear.
Unless, of course,
you don't vote —
because if we don't
get a quorum, we'll
have to hold the
election again and
again and again and
again and again ...
HEY DAILY
STAFFERS!
It's another election!
This time it's a runoff
between Burt and Jim
for the coveted spot as
the Board of Directors
Editorial Staff
Member-at-Large.
So come to the Daily
office between noon
and 8 p.m. today to
vote. It's the last
time, we swear.
Unless, of course,
you don't vote —
because if we don't
get a quorum, we'll
have to hold the
election again and
again and again and
again and again ...
HEY DAILY
STAFFERS!
It's another election!
This time it's a runoff
between Burt and Jim
for the coveted spot as
the Board of Directors
Editorial Staff
Member-at-Large.
So come to the Daily
office between noon
and 8 p.m. today to
vote. It's the last
time, we swear.
Unless, of course,
you don't vote —
because if we don't
get a quorum, we'll
have to hold the
election again and
again and again and
again and again ...
HEY DAILY
STAFFERS!
It's another election!
This time it's a runoff
between Burt and Jim
for the coveted spot as
the Board of Directors
Editorial Staff
Member-at-Large.
So come to the Daily
office between noon
and 8 p.m. today to
vote. It's the last
time, we swear.
Unless, of course,
you don't vote —
because if we don't
get a quorum, we'll
have to hold the
election again and
again and again and
again and again ...
HEY DAILY
STAFFERS!
It's another election!
This time it's a runoff
between Burt and Jim
for the coveted spot as
the Board of Directors
Editorial Staff
Member-at-Large.
So come to the Daily
office between noon
and 8 p.m. today to
vote. It's the last
time, we swear.
Unless, of course,
you don't vote —
because if we don't
get a quorum, we'll
have to hold the
election again and
again and again and
again and again ...
