# No More Entertainments.
## 
### 
The Faculty Entertainment Com
mittee announces that there will be
no more outside productions under
its jurisdiction at the university
this semester. An effort was made
to hook Richard Jos6, the talented
contra tenor, for an engagement
here, but satisfactory dates could
not be arranged.
The Faculty Entertainment Com
mittee announces that there will be
no more outside productions under
its jurisdiction at the university
this semester. An effort was made
to hook Richard Jos6, the talented
contra tenor, for an engagement
here, but satisfactory dates could
not be arranged.
The Faculty Entertainment Com
mittee announces that there will be
no more outside productions under
its jurisdiction at the university
this semester. An effort was made
to hook Richard Jos6, the talented
contra tenor, for an engagement
here, but satisfactory dates could
not be arranged.
The Faculty Entertainment Com
mittee announces that there will be
no more outside productions under
its jurisdiction at the university
this semester. An effort was made
to hook Richard Jos6, the talented
contra tenor, for an engagement
here, but satisfactory dates could
not be arranged.
The Faculty Entertainment Com
mittee announces that there will be
no more outside productions under
its jurisdiction at the university
this semester. An effort was made
to hook Richard Jos6, the talented
contra tenor, for an engagement
here, but satisfactory dates could
not be arranged.
The Faculty Entertainment Com
mittee announces that there will be
no more outside productions under
its jurisdiction at the university
this semester. An effort was made
to hook Richard Jos6, the talented
contra tenor, for an engagement
here, but satisfactory dates could
not be arranged.
The Faculty Entertainment Com
mittee announces that there will be
no more outside productions under
its jurisdiction at the university
this semester. An effort was made
to hook Richard Jos6, the talented
contra tenor, for an engagement
here, but satisfactory dates could
not be arranged.
The Faculty Entertainment Com
mittee announces that there will be
no more outside productions under
its jurisdiction at the university
this semester. An effort was made
to hook Richard Jos6, the talented
contra tenor, for an engagement
here, but satisfactory dates could
not be arranged.
