# Scientists Elect Officers.
## 
### 
At a meeting of the Science As
sociation held yesterday the fol
lowing officers were elected: Presi
dent, Professor F. Sanford of the
Physics department; vice-presi
dent, Professor G. J. Peirce of the
Botany department; secretary, Pro
fessor R. E. Swain of the Chemis
try department. No more regular
meetings will he held by the associ
ation this semester.
At a meeting of the Science As
sociation held yesterday the fol
lowing officers were elected: Presi
dent, Professor F. Sanford of the
Physics department; vice-presi
dent, Professor G. J. Peirce of the
Botany department; secretary, Pro
fessor R. E. Swain of the Chemis
try department. No more regular
meetings will he held by the associ
ation this semester.
At a meeting of the Science As
sociation held yesterday the fol
lowing officers were elected: Presi
dent, Professor F. Sanford of the
Physics department; vice-presi
dent, Professor G. J. Peirce of the
Botany department; secretary, Pro
fessor R. E. Swain of the Chemis
try department. No more regular
meetings will he held by the associ
ation this semester.
At a meeting of the Science As
sociation held yesterday the fol
lowing officers were elected: Presi
dent, Professor F. Sanford of the
Physics department; vice-presi
dent, Professor G. J. Peirce of the
Botany department; secretary, Pro
fessor R. E. Swain of the Chemis
try department. No more regular
meetings will he held by the associ
ation this semester.
At a meeting of the Science As
sociation held yesterday the fol
lowing officers were elected: Presi
dent, Professor F. Sanford of the
Physics department; vice-presi
dent, Professor G. J. Peirce of the
Botany department; secretary, Pro
fessor R. E. Swain of the Chemis
try department. No more regular
meetings will he held by the associ
ation this semester.
At a meeting of the Science As
sociation held yesterday the fol
lowing officers were elected: Presi
dent, Professor F. Sanford of the
Physics department; vice-presi
dent, Professor G. J. Peirce of the
Botany department; secretary, Pro
fessor R. E. Swain of the Chemis
try department. No more regular
meetings will he held by the associ
ation this semester.
At a meeting of the Science As
sociation held yesterday the fol
lowing officers were elected: Presi
dent, Professor F. Sanford of the
Physics department; vice-presi
dent, Professor G. J. Peirce of the
Botany department; secretary, Pro
fessor R. E. Swain of the Chemis
try department. No more regular
meetings will he held by the associ
ation this semester.
At a meeting of the Science As
sociation held yesterday the fol
lowing officers were elected: Presi
dent, Professor F. Sanford of the
Physics department; vice-presi
dent, Professor G. J. Peirce of the
Botany department; secretary, Pro
fessor R. E. Swain of the Chemis
try department. No more regular
meetings will he held by the associ
ation this semester.
