# Norris to Talk To Red Cross
## 
### 
Kathleen Norris, noted novelist,
will speak to a meeting of Red
Cross representatives at 4:15 today
in the Women's Clubhouse audito
rium, Joan Maxwell. Cardinal-ap
pointed chairman of the Red Cross
Drive, announced.
'Miss Maxwell will explain collec
tion procedures for the drive next
week. Representatives are urged to
attend the rally since it will be
their only opportunity to get infor
mation on where to turn money ir.
Stanford students will be r.ske<i
to donate $4,000 to the Red Cross
Drive which opens next week. The
Pa!o Alto Area Red Cross chapter
includes Stanford, Los Altos, and
Mountain View as well as Palo Alto.
It has a quota of $35,234, of which
Stanford is asked to provide $4,000
Kathleen Norris, noted novelist,
will speak to a meeting of Red
Cross representatives at 4:15 today
in the Women's Clubhouse audito
rium, Joan Maxwell. Cardinal-ap
pointed chairman of the Red Cross
Drive, announced.
'Miss Maxwell will explain collec
tion procedures for the drive next
week. Representatives are urged to
attend the rally since it will be
their only opportunity to get infor
mation on where to turn money ir.
Stanford students will be r.ske<i
to donate $4,000 to the Red Cross
Drive which opens next week. The
Pa!o Alto Area Red Cross chapter
includes Stanford, Los Altos, and
Mountain View as well as Palo Alto.
It has a quota of $35,234, of which
Stanford is asked to provide $4,000
Kathleen Norris, noted novelist,
will speak to a meeting of Red
Cross representatives at 4:15 today
in the Women's Clubhouse audito
rium, Joan Maxwell. Cardinal-ap
pointed chairman of the Red Cross
Drive, announced.
'Miss Maxwell will explain collec
tion procedures for the drive next
week. Representatives are urged to
attend the rally since it will be
their only opportunity to get infor
mation on where to turn money ir.
Stanford students will be r.ske<i
to donate $4,000 to the Red Cross
Drive which opens next week. The
Pa!o Alto Area Red Cross chapter
includes Stanford, Los Altos, and
Mountain View as well as Palo Alto.
It has a quota of $35,234, of which
Stanford is asked to provide $4,000
Kathleen Norris, noted novelist,
will speak to a meeting of Red
Cross representatives at 4:15 today
in the Women's Clubhouse audito
rium, Joan Maxwell. Cardinal-ap
pointed chairman of the Red Cross
Drive, announced.
'Miss Maxwell will explain collec
tion procedures for the drive next
week. Representatives are urged to
attend the rally since it will be
their only opportunity to get infor
mation on where to turn money ir.
Stanford students will be r.ske<i
to donate $4,000 to the Red Cross
Drive which opens next week. The
Pa!o Alto Area Red Cross chapter
includes Stanford, Los Altos, and
Mountain View as well as Palo Alto.
It has a quota of $35,234, of which
Stanford is asked to provide $4,000
Kathleen Norris, noted novelist,
will speak to a meeting of Red
Cross representatives at 4:15 today
in the Women's Clubhouse audito
rium, Joan Maxwell. Cardinal-ap
pointed chairman of the Red Cross
Drive, announced.
'Miss Maxwell will explain collec
tion procedures for the drive next
week. Representatives are urged to
attend the rally since it will be
their only opportunity to get infor
mation on where to turn money ir.
Stanford students will be r.ske<i
to donate $4,000 to the Red Cross
Drive which opens next week. The
Pa!o Alto Area Red Cross chapter
includes Stanford, Los Altos, and
Mountain View as well as Palo Alto.
It has a quota of $35,234, of which
Stanford is asked to provide $4,000
Kathleen Norris, noted novelist,
will speak to a meeting of Red
Cross representatives at 4:15 today
in the Women's Clubhouse audito
rium, Joan Maxwell. Cardinal-ap
pointed chairman of the Red Cross
Drive, announced.
'Miss Maxwell will explain collec
tion procedures for the drive next
week. Representatives are urged to
attend the rally since it will be
their only opportunity to get infor
mation on where to turn money ir.
Stanford students will be r.ske<i
to donate $4,000 to the Red Cross
Drive which opens next week. The
Pa!o Alto Area Red Cross chapter
includes Stanford, Los Altos, and
Mountain View as well as Palo Alto.
It has a quota of $35,234, of which
Stanford is asked to provide $4,000
Kathleen Norris, noted novelist,
will speak to a meeting of Red
Cross representatives at 4:15 today
in the Women's Clubhouse audito
rium, Joan Maxwell. Cardinal-ap
pointed chairman of the Red Cross
Drive, announced.
'Miss Maxwell will explain collec
tion procedures for the drive next
week. Representatives are urged to
attend the rally since it will be
their only opportunity to get infor
mation on where to turn money ir.
Stanford students will be r.ske<i
to donate $4,000 to the Red Cross
Drive which opens next week. The
Pa!o Alto Area Red Cross chapter
includes Stanford, Los Altos, and
Mountain View as well as Palo Alto.
It has a quota of $35,234, of which
Stanford is asked to provide $4,000
Kathleen Norris, noted novelist,
will speak to a meeting of Red
Cross representatives at 4:15 today
in the Women's Clubhouse audito
rium, Joan Maxwell. Cardinal-ap
pointed chairman of the Red Cross
Drive, announced.
'Miss Maxwell will explain collec
tion procedures for the drive next
week. Representatives are urged to
attend the rally since it will be
their only opportunity to get infor
mation on where to turn money ir.
Stanford students will be r.ske<i
to donate $4,000 to the Red Cross
Drive which opens next week. The
Pa!o Alto Area Red Cross chapter
includes Stanford, Los Altos, and
Mountain View as well as Palo Alto.
It has a quota of $35,234, of which
Stanford is asked to provide $4,000
Kathleen Norris, noted novelist,
will speak to a meeting of Red
Cross representatives at 4:15 today
in the Women's Clubhouse audito
rium, Joan Maxwell. Cardinal-ap
pointed chairman of the Red Cross
Drive, announced.
'Miss Maxwell will explain collec
tion procedures for the drive next
week. Representatives are urged to
attend the rally since it will be
their only opportunity to get infor
mation on where to turn money ir.
Stanford students will be r.ske<i
to donate $4,000 to the Red Cross
Drive which opens next week. The
Pa!o Alto Area Red Cross chapter
includes Stanford, Los Altos, and
Mountain View as well as Palo Alto.
It has a quota of $35,234, of which
Stanford is asked to provide $4,000
Kathleen Norris, noted novelist,
will speak to a meeting of Red
Cross representatives at 4:15 today
in the Women's Clubhouse audito
rium, Joan Maxwell. Cardinal-ap
pointed chairman of the Red Cross
Drive, announced.
'Miss Maxwell will explain collec
tion procedures for the drive next
week. Representatives are urged to
attend the rally since it will be
their only opportunity to get infor
mation on where to turn money ir.
Stanford students will be r.ske<i
to donate $4,000 to the Red Cross
Drive which opens next week. The
Pa!o Alto Area Red Cross chapter
includes Stanford, Los Altos, and
Mountain View as well as Palo Alto.
It has a quota of $35,234, of which
Stanford is asked to provide $4,000
Kathleen Norris, noted novelist,
will speak to a meeting of Red
Cross representatives at 4:15 today
in the Women's Clubhouse audito
rium, Joan Maxwell. Cardinal-ap
pointed chairman of the Red Cross
Drive, announced.
'Miss Maxwell will explain collec
tion procedures for the drive next
week. Representatives are urged to
attend the rally since it will be
their only opportunity to get infor
mation on where to turn money ir.
Stanford students will be r.ske<i
to donate $4,000 to the Red Cross
Drive which opens next week. The
Pa!o Alto Area Red Cross chapter
includes Stanford, Los Altos, and
Mountain View as well as Palo Alto.
It has a quota of $35,234, of which
Stanford is asked to provide $4,000
Kathleen Norris, noted novelist,
will speak to a meeting of Red
Cross representatives at 4:15 today
in the Women's Clubhouse audito
rium, Joan Maxwell. Cardinal-ap
pointed chairman of the Red Cross
Drive, announced.
'Miss Maxwell will explain collec
tion procedures for the drive next
week. Representatives are urged to
attend the rally since it will be
their only opportunity to get infor
mation on where to turn money ir.
Stanford students will be r.ske<i
to donate $4,000 to the Red Cross
Drive which opens next week. The
Pa!o Alto Area Red Cross chapter
includes Stanford, Los Altos, and
Mountain View as well as Palo Alto.
It has a quota of $35,234, of which
Stanford is asked to provide $4,000
Kathleen Norris, noted novelist,
will speak to a meeting of Red
Cross representatives at 4:15 today
in the Women's Clubhouse audito
rium, Joan Maxwell. Cardinal-ap
pointed chairman of the Red Cross
Drive, announced.
'Miss Maxwell will explain collec
tion procedures for the drive next
week. Representatives are urged to
attend the rally since it will be
their only opportunity to get infor
mation on where to turn money ir.
Stanford students will be r.ske<i
to donate $4,000 to the Red Cross
Drive which opens next week. The
Pa!o Alto Area Red Cross chapter
includes Stanford, Los Altos, and
Mountain View as well as Palo Alto.
It has a quota of $35,234, of which
Stanford is asked to provide $4,000
Kathleen Norris, noted novelist,
will speak to a meeting of Red
Cross representatives at 4:15 today
in the Women's Clubhouse audito
rium, Joan Maxwell. Cardinal-ap
pointed chairman of the Red Cross
Drive, announced.
'Miss Maxwell will explain collec
tion procedures for the drive next
week. Representatives are urged to
attend the rally since it will be
their only opportunity to get infor
mation on where to turn money ir.
Stanford students will be r.ske<i
to donate $4,000 to the Red Cross
Drive which opens next week. The
Pa!o Alto Area Red Cross chapter
includes Stanford, Los Altos, and
Mountain View as well as Palo Alto.
It has a quota of $35,234, of which
Stanford is asked to provide $4,000
Kathleen Norris, noted novelist,
will speak to a meeting of Red
Cross representatives at 4:15 today
in the Women's Clubhouse audito
rium, Joan Maxwell. Cardinal-ap
pointed chairman of the Red Cross
Drive, announced.
'Miss Maxwell will explain collec
tion procedures for the drive next
week. Representatives are urged to
attend the rally since it will be
their only opportunity to get infor
mation on where to turn money ir.
Stanford students will be r.ske<i
to donate $4,000 to the Red Cross
Drive which opens next week. The
Pa!o Alto Area Red Cross chapter
includes Stanford, Los Altos, and
Mountain View as well as Palo Alto.
It has a quota of $35,234, of which
Stanford is asked to provide $4,000
