# INTER-CLUB COUNCIL
## 
### 
Lee Falk was elected secretary of
Inter-Club Council of the eating
clubs last night.
Lee Falk was elected secretary of
Inter-Club Council of the eating
clubs last night.
Lee Falk was elected secretary of
Inter-Club Council of the eating
clubs last night.
Lee Falk was elected secretary of
Inter-Club Council of the eating
clubs last night.
Lee Falk was elected secretary of
Inter-Club Council of the eating
clubs last night.
Lee Falk was elected secretary of
Inter-Club Council of the eating
clubs last night.
Lee Falk was elected secretary of
Inter-Club Council of the eating
clubs last night.
Lee Falk was elected secretary of
Inter-Club Council of the eating
clubs last night.
Lee Falk was elected secretary of
Inter-Club Council of the eating
clubs last night.
Lee Falk was elected secretary of
Inter-Club Council of the eating
clubs last night.
Lee Falk was elected secretary of
Inter-Club Council of the eating
clubs last night.
Lee Falk was elected secretary of
Inter-Club Council of the eating
clubs last night.
Lee Falk was elected secretary of
Inter-Club Council of the eating
clubs last night.
Lee Falk was elected secretary of
Inter-Club Council of the eating
clubs last night.
Lee Falk was elected secretary of
Inter-Club Council of the eating
clubs last night.
