# G.O.P. Club To Back Victory
## 
### 
Considering the history of presi
dential elections after depressions,
it would indeed have been a miracu
lous tribute to President Hoover if,
even after his notably able adminis
tration, the nation had retained him
in power rather than to turn to
Governor Roosevelt, also a leader of
proven merit, to guide it during the
next four years. I sincerely hope
that all of us who belong to the
defeated party will join in a new
deal of whole-hearted aid to the
constructive measures of the next
administration.
Wayne Bannister
President, Stanford
Campus Hoover Club
Considering the history of presi
dential elections after depressions,
it would indeed have been a miracu
lous tribute to President Hoover if,
even after his notably able adminis
tration, the nation had retained him
in power rather than to turn to
Governor Roosevelt, also a leader of
proven merit, to guide it during the
next four years. I sincerely hope
that all of us who belong to the
defeated party will join in a new
deal of whole-hearted aid to the
constructive measures of the next
administration.
Wayne Bannister
President, Stanford
Campus Hoover Club
Considering the history of presi
dential elections after depressions,
it would indeed have been a miracu
lous tribute to President Hoover if,
even after his notably able adminis
tration, the nation had retained him
in power rather than to turn to
Governor Roosevelt, also a leader of
proven merit, to guide it during the
next four years. I sincerely hope
that all of us who belong to the
defeated party will join in a new
deal of whole-hearted aid to the
constructive measures of the next
administration.
Wayne Bannister
President, Stanford
Campus Hoover Club
Considering the history of presi
dential elections after depressions,
it would indeed have been a miracu
lous tribute to President Hoover if,
even after his notably able adminis
tration, the nation had retained him
in power rather than to turn to
Governor Roosevelt, also a leader of
proven merit, to guide it during the
next four years. I sincerely hope
that all of us who belong to the
defeated party will join in a new
deal of whole-hearted aid to the
constructive measures of the next
administration.
Wayne Bannister
President, Stanford
Campus Hoover Club
Considering the history of presi
dential elections after depressions,
it would indeed have been a miracu
lous tribute to President Hoover if,
even after his notably able adminis
tration, the nation had retained him
in power rather than to turn to
Governor Roosevelt, also a leader of
proven merit, to guide it during the
next four years. I sincerely hope
that all of us who belong to the
defeated party will join in a new
deal of whole-hearted aid to the
constructive measures of the next
administration.
Wayne Bannister
President, Stanford
Campus Hoover Club
Considering the history of presi
dential elections after depressions,
it would indeed have been a miracu
lous tribute to President Hoover if,
even after his notably able adminis
tration, the nation had retained him
in power rather than to turn to
Governor Roosevelt, also a leader of
proven merit, to guide it during the
next four years. I sincerely hope
that all of us who belong to the
defeated party will join in a new
deal of whole-hearted aid to the
constructive measures of the next
administration.
Wayne Bannister
President, Stanford
Campus Hoover Club
Considering the history of presi
dential elections after depressions,
it would indeed have been a miracu
lous tribute to President Hoover if,
even after his notably able adminis
tration, the nation had retained him
in power rather than to turn to
Governor Roosevelt, also a leader of
proven merit, to guide it during the
next four years. I sincerely hope
that all of us who belong to the
defeated party will join in a new
deal of whole-hearted aid to the
constructive measures of the next
administration.
Wayne Bannister
President, Stanford
Campus Hoover Club
Considering the history of presi
dential elections after depressions,
it would indeed have been a miracu
lous tribute to President Hoover if,
even after his notably able adminis
tration, the nation had retained him
in power rather than to turn to
Governor Roosevelt, also a leader of
proven merit, to guide it during the
next four years. I sincerely hope
that all of us who belong to the
defeated party will join in a new
deal of whole-hearted aid to the
constructive measures of the next
administration.
Wayne Bannister
President, Stanford
Campus Hoover Club
Considering the history of presi
dential elections after depressions,
it would indeed have been a miracu
lous tribute to President Hoover if,
even after his notably able adminis
tration, the nation had retained him
in power rather than to turn to
Governor Roosevelt, also a leader of
proven merit, to guide it during the
next four years. I sincerely hope
that all of us who belong to the
defeated party will join in a new
deal of whole-hearted aid to the
constructive measures of the next
administration.
Wayne Bannister
President, Stanford
Campus Hoover Club
Considering the history of presi
dential elections after depressions,
it would indeed have been a miracu
lous tribute to President Hoover if,
even after his notably able adminis
tration, the nation had retained him
in power rather than to turn to
Governor Roosevelt, also a leader of
proven merit, to guide it during the
next four years. I sincerely hope
that all of us who belong to the
defeated party will join in a new
deal of whole-hearted aid to the
constructive measures of the next
administration.
Wayne Bannister
President, Stanford
Campus Hoover Club
Considering the history of presi
dential elections after depressions,
it would indeed have been a miracu
lous tribute to President Hoover if,
even after his notably able adminis
tration, the nation had retained him
in power rather than to turn to
Governor Roosevelt, also a leader of
proven merit, to guide it during the
next four years. I sincerely hope
that all of us who belong to the
defeated party will join in a new
deal of whole-hearted aid to the
constructive measures of the next
administration.
Wayne Bannister
President, Stanford
Campus Hoover Club
Considering the history of presi
dential elections after depressions,
it would indeed have been a miracu
lous tribute to President Hoover if,
even after his notably able adminis
tration, the nation had retained him
in power rather than to turn to
Governor Roosevelt, also a leader of
proven merit, to guide it during the
next four years. I sincerely hope
that all of us who belong to the
defeated party will join in a new
deal of whole-hearted aid to the
constructive measures of the next
administration.
Wayne Bannister
President, Stanford
Campus Hoover Club
Considering the history of presi
dential elections after depressions,
it would indeed have been a miracu
lous tribute to President Hoover if,
even after his notably able adminis
tration, the nation had retained him
in power rather than to turn to
Governor Roosevelt, also a leader of
proven merit, to guide it during the
next four years. I sincerely hope
that all of us who belong to the
defeated party will join in a new
deal of whole-hearted aid to the
constructive measures of the next
administration.
Wayne Bannister
President, Stanford
Campus Hoover Club
Considering the history of presi
dential elections after depressions,
it would indeed have been a miracu
lous tribute to President Hoover if,
even after his notably able adminis
tration, the nation had retained him
in power rather than to turn to
Governor Roosevelt, also a leader of
proven merit, to guide it during the
next four years. I sincerely hope
that all of us who belong to the
defeated party will join in a new
deal of whole-hearted aid to the
constructive measures of the next
administration.
Wayne Bannister
President, Stanford
Campus Hoover Club
Considering the history of presi
dential elections after depressions,
it would indeed have been a miracu
lous tribute to President Hoover if,
even after his notably able adminis
tration, the nation had retained him
in power rather than to turn to
Governor Roosevelt, also a leader of
proven merit, to guide it during the
next four years. I sincerely hope
that all of us who belong to the
defeated party will join in a new
deal of whole-hearted aid to the
constructive measures of the next
administration.
Wayne Bannister
President, Stanford
Campus Hoover Club
Considering the history of presi
dential elections after depressions,
it would indeed have been a miracu
lous tribute to President Hoover if,
even after his notably able adminis
tration, the nation had retained him
in power rather than to turn to
Governor Roosevelt, also a leader of
proven merit, to guide it during the
next four years. I sincerely hope
that all of us who belong to the
defeated party will join in a new
deal of whole-hearted aid to the
constructive measures of the next
administration.
Wayne Bannister
President, Stanford
Campus Hoover Club
