# Adv. 5 Page 3
## 
### 
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
you must try a^C^^
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
you must try a^C^^
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
you must try a^C^^
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
you must try a^C^^
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
you must try a^C^^
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
you must try a^C^^
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
you must try a^C^^
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
you must try a^C^^
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
you must try a^C^^
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
you must try a^C^^
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
you must try a^C^^
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
you must try a^C^^
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
you must try a^C^^
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
you must try a^C^^
To know
how good a cigarette
really can be made/ \
you must try a^C^^
