# ODDS IN FAVOR OF CALIFORNIA NEXT SATURDAY
## Bears Only Undefeated Team On Coast; Nevers Will Be In Shape for Big Game 
### 
California will enter the Big Game
next Saturday backed by a reputa
tion of three years of championships,
besides the fact that it remains the
only undefeated team in the Pacific
Coast Conference. Stanford will op
pose California as a team "which has
arrived" in football circles, and with
only a defeat by the Trojans to mar
an otherwise clean sweep.
The Bears are conceded an edge.
Headlined to be a has-been team at
the beginning of the season they have
shown enough force to beat strong
teams.
Stanford is conceded a chance to
defeat California. Some difference to
the condescension of two years ago,
when the Cards were doomed to de
feat and the betting was all on wheth
er or not Stanford could score!
Stanford against Idaho showed a
powerful defensive ability, and a
strong offensive which was effective
enough to beat the Vandals at their
own game. Idaho's passing offensive
was the best that has been seen on
the Coast for a great while, but it
failed to penetrate the Card defense
beyond the twenty-yard line.
Nevers in Shape
Ernie Nevers will be back in the
line-up next Saturday. Although badly
battered by the Vandals, the big full
back's injuries were not telling enough
to keep him from being one of the
most effective agents of the Stanford
team against Berkeley. Ernie's seven
ty-five-yard punt proved that he has
vastly improved, both in the speed
and in the driving force with which
he gets his punts away. Nevers and
Witter will have a good time Satur
day punting back and forth across
the field, but "Scotchy" Campbell and
Don Nichols will have just as good a
time running back the punts. Whether
or not Stanford and California will
gain on punting will depend largely
on these two safety men. The Cali
fornia ends are reputed to be effi
ciently fast; Stanford's ends have
proven themselves generally swift
when the occasion arose. Nichols
practically won the Washington game
on returned punts. At one time he
returned a forty-yard punt thirty
seven yards, placing the ball practi
cally at the point from which it'had
been kicked. It was not very often
that Idaho stopped Campbell in his
tracks on punts.
California will enter the Big Game
next Saturday backed by a reputa
tion of three years of championships,
besides the fact that it remains the
only undefeated team in the Pacific
Coast Conference. Stanford will op
pose California as a team "which has
arrived" in football circles, and with
only a defeat by the Trojans to mar
an otherwise clean sweep.
The Bears are conceded an edge.
Headlined to be a has-been team at
the beginning of the season they have
shown enough force to beat strong
teams.
Stanford is conceded a chance to
defeat California. Some difference to
the condescension of two years ago,
when the Cards were doomed to de
feat and the betting was all on wheth
er or not Stanford could score!
Stanford against Idaho showed a
powerful defensive ability, and a
strong offensive which was effective
enough to beat the Vandals at their
own game. Idaho's passing offensive
was the best that has been seen on
the Coast for a great while, but it
failed to penetrate the Card defense
beyond the twenty-yard line.
Nevers in Shape
Ernie Nevers will be back in the
line-up next Saturday. Although badly
battered by the Vandals, the big full
back's injuries were not telling enough
to keep him from being one of the
most effective agents of the Stanford
team against Berkeley. Ernie's seven
ty-five-yard punt proved that he has
vastly improved, both in the speed
and in the driving force with which
he gets his punts away. Nevers and
Witter will have a good time Satur
day punting back and forth across
the field, but "Scotchy" Campbell and
Don Nichols will have just as good a
time running back the punts. Whether
or not Stanford and California will
gain on punting will depend largely
on these two safety men. The Cali
fornia ends are reputed to be effi
ciently fast; Stanford's ends have
proven themselves generally swift
when the occasion arose. Nichols
practically won the Washington game
on returned punts. At one time he
returned a forty-yard punt thirty
seven yards, placing the ball practi
cally at the point from which it'had
been kicked. It was not very often
that Idaho stopped Campbell in his
tracks on punts.
California will enter the Big Game
next Saturday backed by a reputa
tion of three years of championships,
besides the fact that it remains the
only undefeated team in the Pacific
Coast Conference. Stanford will op
pose California as a team "which has
arrived" in football circles, and with
only a defeat by the Trojans to mar
an otherwise clean sweep.
The Bears are conceded an edge.
Headlined to be a has-been team at
the beginning of the season they have
shown enough force to beat strong
teams.
Stanford is conceded a chance to
defeat California. Some difference to
the condescension of two years ago,
when the Cards were doomed to de
feat and the betting was all on wheth
er or not Stanford could score!
Stanford against Idaho showed a
powerful defensive ability, and a
strong offensive which was effective
enough to beat the Vandals at their
own game. Idaho's passing offensive
was the best that has been seen on
the Coast for a great while, but it
failed to penetrate the Card defense
beyond the twenty-yard line.
Nevers in Shape
Ernie Nevers will be back in the
line-up next Saturday. Although badly
battered by the Vandals, the big full
back's injuries were not telling enough
to keep him from being one of the
most effective agents of the Stanford
team against Berkeley. Ernie's seven
ty-five-yard punt proved that he has
vastly improved, both in the speed
and in the driving force with which
he gets his punts away. Nevers and
Witter will have a good time Satur
day punting back and forth across
the field, but "Scotchy" Campbell and
Don Nichols will have just as good a
time running back the punts. Whether
or not Stanford and California will
gain on punting will depend largely
on these two safety men. The Cali
fornia ends are reputed to be effi
ciently fast; Stanford's ends have
proven themselves generally swift
when the occasion arose. Nichols
practically won the Washington game
on returned punts. At one time he
returned a forty-yard punt thirty
seven yards, placing the ball practi
cally at the point from which it'had
been kicked. It was not very often
that Idaho stopped Campbell in his
tracks on punts.
California will enter the Big Game
next Saturday backed by a reputa
tion of three years of championships,
besides the fact that it remains the
only undefeated team in the Pacific
Coast Conference. Stanford will op
pose California as a team "which has
arrived" in football circles, and with
only a defeat by the Trojans to mar
an otherwise clean sweep.
The Bears are conceded an edge.
Headlined to be a has-been team at
the beginning of the season they have
shown enough force to beat strong
teams.
Stanford is conceded a chance to
defeat California. Some difference to
the condescension of two years ago,
when the Cards were doomed to de
feat and the betting was all on wheth
er or not Stanford could score!
Stanford against Idaho showed a
powerful defensive ability, and a
strong offensive which was effective
enough to beat the Vandals at their
own game. Idaho's passing offensive
was the best that has been seen on
the Coast for a great while, but it
failed to penetrate the Card defense
beyond the twenty-yard line.
Nevers in Shape
Ernie Nevers will be back in the
line-up next Saturday. Although badly
battered by the Vandals, the big full
back's injuries were not telling enough
to keep him from being one of the
most effective agents of the Stanford
team against Berkeley. Ernie's seven
ty-five-yard punt proved that he has
vastly improved, both in the speed
and in the driving force with which
he gets his punts away. Nevers and
Witter will have a good time Satur
day punting back and forth across
the field, but "Scotchy" Campbell and
Don Nichols will have just as good a
time running back the punts. Whether
or not Stanford and California will
gain on punting will depend largely
on these two safety men. The Cali
fornia ends are reputed to be effi
ciently fast; Stanford's ends have
proven themselves generally swift
when the occasion arose. Nichols
practically won the Washington game
on returned punts. At one time he
returned a forty-yard punt thirty
seven yards, placing the ball practi
cally at the point from which it'had
been kicked. It was not very often
that Idaho stopped Campbell in his
tracks on punts.
California will enter the Big Game
next Saturday backed by a reputa
tion of three years of championships,
besides the fact that it remains the
only undefeated team in the Pacific
Coast Conference. Stanford will op
pose California as a team "which has
arrived" in football circles, and with
only a defeat by the Trojans to mar
an otherwise clean sweep.
The Bears are conceded an edge.
Headlined to be a has-been team at
the beginning of the season they have
shown enough force to beat strong
teams.
Stanford is conceded a chance to
defeat California. Some difference to
the condescension of two years ago,
when the Cards were doomed to de
feat and the betting was all on wheth
er or not Stanford could score!
Stanford against Idaho showed a
powerful defensive ability, and a
strong offensive which was effective
enough to beat the Vandals at their
own game. Idaho's passing offensive
was the best that has been seen on
the Coast for a great while, but it
failed to penetrate the Card defense
beyond the twenty-yard line.
Nevers in Shape
Ernie Nevers will be back in the
line-up next Saturday. Although badly
battered by the Vandals, the big full
back's injuries were not telling enough
to keep him from being one of the
most effective agents of the Stanford
team against Berkeley. Ernie's seven
ty-five-yard punt proved that he has
vastly improved, both in the speed
and in the driving force with which
he gets his punts away. Nevers and
Witter will have a good time Satur
day punting back and forth across
the field, but "Scotchy" Campbell and
Don Nichols will have just as good a
time running back the punts. Whether
or not Stanford and California will
gain on punting will depend largely
on these two safety men. The Cali
fornia ends are reputed to be effi
ciently fast; Stanford's ends have
proven themselves generally swift
when the occasion arose. Nichols
practically won the Washington game
on returned punts. At one time he
returned a forty-yard punt thirty
seven yards, placing the ball practi
cally at the point from which it'had
been kicked. It was not very often
that Idaho stopped Campbell in his
tracks on punts.
California will enter the Big Game
next Saturday backed by a reputa
tion of three years of championships,
besides the fact that it remains the
only undefeated team in the Pacific
Coast Conference. Stanford will op
pose California as a team "which has
arrived" in football circles, and with
only a defeat by the Trojans to mar
an otherwise clean sweep.
The Bears are conceded an edge.
Headlined to be a has-been team at
the beginning of the season they have
shown enough force to beat strong
teams.
Stanford is conceded a chance to
defeat California. Some difference to
the condescension of two years ago,
when the Cards were doomed to de
feat and the betting was all on wheth
er or not Stanford could score!
Stanford against Idaho showed a
powerful defensive ability, and a
strong offensive which was effective
enough to beat the Vandals at their
own game. Idaho's passing offensive
was the best that has been seen on
the Coast for a great while, but it
failed to penetrate the Card defense
beyond the twenty-yard line.
Nevers in Shape
Ernie Nevers will be back in the
line-up next Saturday. Although badly
battered by the Vandals, the big full
back's injuries were not telling enough
to keep him from being one of the
most effective agents of the Stanford
team against Berkeley. Ernie's seven
ty-five-yard punt proved that he has
vastly improved, both in the speed
and in the driving force with which
he gets his punts away. Nevers and
Witter will have a good time Satur
day punting back and forth across
the field, but "Scotchy" Campbell and
Don Nichols will have just as good a
time running back the punts. Whether
or not Stanford and California will
gain on punting will depend largely
on these two safety men. The Cali
fornia ends are reputed to be effi
ciently fast; Stanford's ends have
proven themselves generally swift
when the occasion arose. Nichols
practically won the Washington game
on returned punts. At one time he
returned a forty-yard punt thirty
seven yards, placing the ball practi
cally at the point from which it'had
been kicked. It was not very often
that Idaho stopped Campbell in his
tracks on punts.
California will enter the Big Game
next Saturday backed by a reputa
tion of three years of championships,
besides the fact that it remains the
only undefeated team in the Pacific
Coast Conference. Stanford will op
pose California as a team "which has
arrived" in football circles, and with
only a defeat by the Trojans to mar
an otherwise clean sweep.
The Bears are conceded an edge.
Headlined to be a has-been team at
the beginning of the season they have
shown enough force to beat strong
teams.
Stanford is conceded a chance to
defeat California. Some difference to
the condescension of two years ago,
when the Cards were doomed to de
feat and the betting was all on wheth
er or not Stanford could score!
Stanford against Idaho showed a
powerful defensive ability, and a
strong offensive which was effective
enough to beat the Vandals at their
own game. Idaho's passing offensive
was the best that has been seen on
the Coast for a great while, but it
failed to penetrate the Card defense
beyond the twenty-yard line.
Nevers in Shape
Ernie Nevers will be back in the
line-up next Saturday. Although badly
battered by the Vandals, the big full
back's injuries were not telling enough
to keep him from being one of the
most effective agents of the Stanford
team against Berkeley. Ernie's seven
ty-five-yard punt proved that he has
vastly improved, both in the speed
and in the driving force with which
he gets his punts away. Nevers and
Witter will have a good time Satur
day punting back and forth across
the field, but "Scotchy" Campbell and
Don Nichols will have just as good a
time running back the punts. Whether
or not Stanford and California will
gain on punting will depend largely
on these two safety men. The Cali
fornia ends are reputed to be effi
ciently fast; Stanford's ends have
proven themselves generally swift
when the occasion arose. Nichols
practically won the Washington game
on returned punts. At one time he
returned a forty-yard punt thirty
seven yards, placing the ball practi
cally at the point from which it'had
been kicked. It was not very often
that Idaho stopped Campbell in his
tracks on punts.
California will enter the Big Game
next Saturday backed by a reputa
tion of three years of championships,
besides the fact that it remains the
only undefeated team in the Pacific
Coast Conference. Stanford will op
pose California as a team "which has
arrived" in football circles, and with
only a defeat by the Trojans to mar
an otherwise clean sweep.
The Bears are conceded an edge.
Headlined to be a has-been team at
the beginning of the season they have
shown enough force to beat strong
teams.
Stanford is conceded a chance to
defeat California. Some difference to
the condescension of two years ago,
when the Cards were doomed to de
feat and the betting was all on wheth
er or not Stanford could score!
Stanford against Idaho showed a
powerful defensive ability, and a
strong offensive which was effective
enough to beat the Vandals at their
own game. Idaho's passing offensive
was the best that has been seen on
the Coast for a great while, but it
failed to penetrate the Card defense
beyond the twenty-yard line.
Nevers in Shape
Ernie Nevers will be back in the
line-up next Saturday. Although badly
battered by the Vandals, the big full
back's injuries were not telling enough
to keep him from being one of the
most effective agents of the Stanford
team against Berkeley. Ernie's seven
ty-five-yard punt proved that he has
vastly improved, both in the speed
and in the driving force with which
he gets his punts away. Nevers and
Witter will have a good time Satur
day punting back and forth across
the field, but "Scotchy" Campbell and
Don Nichols will have just as good a
time running back the punts. Whether
or not Stanford and California will
gain on punting will depend largely
on these two safety men. The Cali
fornia ends are reputed to be effi
ciently fast; Stanford's ends have
proven themselves generally swift
when the occasion arose. Nichols
practically won the Washington game
on returned punts. At one time he
returned a forty-yard punt thirty
seven yards, placing the ball practi
cally at the point from which it'had
been kicked. It was not very often
that Idaho stopped Campbell in his
tracks on punts.
California will enter the Big Game
next Saturday backed by a reputa
tion of three years of championships,
besides the fact that it remains the
only undefeated team in the Pacific
Coast Conference. Stanford will op
pose California as a team "which has
arrived" in football circles, and with
only a defeat by the Trojans to mar
an otherwise clean sweep.
The Bears are conceded an edge.
Headlined to be a has-been team at
the beginning of the season they have
shown enough force to beat strong
teams.
Stanford is conceded a chance to
defeat California. Some difference to
the condescension of two years ago,
when the Cards were doomed to de
feat and the betting was all on wheth
er or not Stanford could score!
Stanford against Idaho showed a
powerful defensive ability, and a
strong offensive which was effective
enough to beat the Vandals at their
own game. Idaho's passing offensive
was the best that has been seen on
the Coast for a great while, but it
failed to penetrate the Card defense
beyond the twenty-yard line.
Nevers in Shape
Ernie Nevers will be back in the
line-up next Saturday. Although badly
battered by the Vandals, the big full
back's injuries were not telling enough
to keep him from being one of the
most effective agents of the Stanford
team against Berkeley. Ernie's seven
ty-five-yard punt proved that he has
vastly improved, both in the speed
and in the driving force with which
he gets his punts away. Nevers and
Witter will have a good time Satur
day punting back and forth across
the field, but "Scotchy" Campbell and
Don Nichols will have just as good a
time running back the punts. Whether
or not Stanford and California will
gain on punting will depend largely
on these two safety men. The Cali
fornia ends are reputed to be effi
ciently fast; Stanford's ends have
proven themselves generally swift
when the occasion arose. Nichols
practically won the Washington game
on returned punts. At one time he
returned a forty-yard punt thirty
seven yards, placing the ball practi
cally at the point from which it'had
been kicked. It was not very often
that Idaho stopped Campbell in his
tracks on punts.
California will enter the Big Game
next Saturday backed by a reputa
tion of three years of championships,
besides the fact that it remains the
only undefeated team in the Pacific
Coast Conference. Stanford will op
pose California as a team "which has
arrived" in football circles, and with
only a defeat by the Trojans to mar
an otherwise clean sweep.
The Bears are conceded an edge.
Headlined to be a has-been team at
the beginning of the season they have
shown enough force to beat strong
teams.
Stanford is conceded a chance to
defeat California. Some difference to
the condescension of two years ago,
when the Cards were doomed to de
feat and the betting was all on wheth
er or not Stanford could score!
Stanford against Idaho showed a
powerful defensive ability, and a
strong offensive which was effective
enough to beat the Vandals at their
own game. Idaho's passing offensive
was the best that has been seen on
the Coast for a great while, but it
failed to penetrate the Card defense
beyond the twenty-yard line.
Nevers in Shape
Ernie Nevers will be back in the
line-up next Saturday. Although badly
battered by the Vandals, the big full
back's injuries were not telling enough
to keep him from being one of the
most effective agents of the Stanford
team against Berkeley. Ernie's seven
ty-five-yard punt proved that he has
vastly improved, both in the speed
and in the driving force with which
he gets his punts away. Nevers and
Witter will have a good time Satur
day punting back and forth across
the field, but "Scotchy" Campbell and
Don Nichols will have just as good a
time running back the punts. Whether
or not Stanford and California will
gain on punting will depend largely
on these two safety men. The Cali
fornia ends are reputed to be effi
ciently fast; Stanford's ends have
proven themselves generally swift
when the occasion arose. Nichols
practically won the Washington game
on returned punts. At one time he
returned a forty-yard punt thirty
seven yards, placing the ball practi
cally at the point from which it'had
been kicked. It was not very often
that Idaho stopped Campbell in his
tracks on punts.
California will enter the Big Game
next Saturday backed by a reputa
tion of three years of championships,
besides the fact that it remains the
only undefeated team in the Pacific
Coast Conference. Stanford will op
pose California as a team "which has
arrived" in football circles, and with
only a defeat by the Trojans to mar
an otherwise clean sweep.
The Bears are conceded an edge.
Headlined to be a has-been team at
the beginning of the season they have
shown enough force to beat strong
teams.
Stanford is conceded a chance to
defeat California. Some difference to
the condescension of two years ago,
when the Cards were doomed to de
feat and the betting was all on wheth
er or not Stanford could score!
Stanford against Idaho showed a
powerful defensive ability, and a
strong offensive which was effective
enough to beat the Vandals at their
own game. Idaho's passing offensive
was the best that has been seen on
the Coast for a great while, but it
failed to penetrate the Card defense
beyond the twenty-yard line.
Nevers in Shape
Ernie Nevers will be back in the
line-up next Saturday. Although badly
battered by the Vandals, the big full
back's injuries were not telling enough
to keep him from being one of the
most effective agents of the Stanford
team against Berkeley. Ernie's seven
ty-five-yard punt proved that he has
vastly improved, both in the speed
and in the driving force with which
he gets his punts away. Nevers and
Witter will have a good time Satur
day punting back and forth across
the field, but "Scotchy" Campbell and
Don Nichols will have just as good a
time running back the punts. Whether
or not Stanford and California will
gain on punting will depend largely
on these two safety men. The Cali
fornia ends are reputed to be effi
ciently fast; Stanford's ends have
proven themselves generally swift
when the occasion arose. Nichols
practically won the Washington game
on returned punts. At one time he
returned a forty-yard punt thirty
seven yards, placing the ball practi
cally at the point from which it'had
been kicked. It was not very often
that Idaho stopped Campbell in his
tracks on punts.
California will enter the Big Game
next Saturday backed by a reputa
tion of three years of championships,
besides the fact that it remains the
only undefeated team in the Pacific
Coast Conference. Stanford will op
pose California as a team "which has
arrived" in football circles, and with
only a defeat by the Trojans to mar
an otherwise clean sweep.
The Bears are conceded an edge.
Headlined to be a has-been team at
the beginning of the season they have
shown enough force to beat strong
teams.
Stanford is conceded a chance to
defeat California. Some difference to
the condescension of two years ago,
when the Cards were doomed to de
feat and the betting was all on wheth
er or not Stanford could score!
Stanford against Idaho showed a
powerful defensive ability, and a
strong offensive which was effective
enough to beat the Vandals at their
own game. Idaho's passing offensive
was the best that has been seen on
the Coast for a great while, but it
failed to penetrate the Card defense
beyond the twenty-yard line.
Nevers in Shape
Ernie Nevers will be back in the
line-up next Saturday. Although badly
battered by the Vandals, the big full
back's injuries were not telling enough
to keep him from being one of the
most effective agents of the Stanford
team against Berkeley. Ernie's seven
ty-five-yard punt proved that he has
vastly improved, both in the speed
and in the driving force with which
he gets his punts away. Nevers and
Witter will have a good time Satur
day punting back and forth across
the field, but "Scotchy" Campbell and
Don Nichols will have just as good a
time running back the punts. Whether
or not Stanford and California will
gain on punting will depend largely
on these two safety men. The Cali
fornia ends are reputed to be effi
ciently fast; Stanford's ends have
proven themselves generally swift
when the occasion arose. Nichols
practically won the Washington game
on returned punts. At one time he
returned a forty-yard punt thirty
seven yards, placing the ball practi
cally at the point from which it'had
been kicked. It was not very often
that Idaho stopped Campbell in his
tracks on punts.
California will enter the Big Game
next Saturday backed by a reputa
tion of three years of championships,
besides the fact that it remains the
only undefeated team in the Pacific
Coast Conference. Stanford will op
pose California as a team "which has
arrived" in football circles, and with
only a defeat by the Trojans to mar
an otherwise clean sweep.
The Bears are conceded an edge.
Headlined to be a has-been team at
the beginning of the season they have
shown enough force to beat strong
teams.
Stanford is conceded a chance to
defeat California. Some difference to
the condescension of two years ago,
when the Cards were doomed to de
feat and the betting was all on wheth
er or not Stanford could score!
Stanford against Idaho showed a
powerful defensive ability, and a
strong offensive which was effective
enough to beat the Vandals at their
own game. Idaho's passing offensive
was the best that has been seen on
the Coast for a great while, but it
failed to penetrate the Card defense
beyond the twenty-yard line.
Nevers in Shape
Ernie Nevers will be back in the
line-up next Saturday. Although badly
battered by the Vandals, the big full
back's injuries were not telling enough
to keep him from being one of the
most effective agents of the Stanford
team against Berkeley. Ernie's seven
ty-five-yard punt proved that he has
vastly improved, both in the speed
and in the driving force with which
he gets his punts away. Nevers and
Witter will have a good time Satur
day punting back and forth across
the field, but "Scotchy" Campbell and
Don Nichols will have just as good a
time running back the punts. Whether
or not Stanford and California will
gain on punting will depend largely
on these two safety men. The Cali
fornia ends are reputed to be effi
ciently fast; Stanford's ends have
proven themselves generally swift
when the occasion arose. Nichols
practically won the Washington game
on returned punts. At one time he
returned a forty-yard punt thirty
seven yards, placing the ball practi
cally at the point from which it'had
been kicked. It was not very often
that Idaho stopped Campbell in his
tracks on punts.
California will enter the Big Game
next Saturday backed by a reputa
tion of three years of championships,
besides the fact that it remains the
only undefeated team in the Pacific
Coast Conference. Stanford will op
pose California as a team "which has
arrived" in football circles, and with
only a defeat by the Trojans to mar
an otherwise clean sweep.
The Bears are conceded an edge.
Headlined to be a has-been team at
the beginning of the season they have
shown enough force to beat strong
teams.
Stanford is conceded a chance to
defeat California. Some difference to
the condescension of two years ago,
when the Cards were doomed to de
feat and the betting was all on wheth
er or not Stanford could score!
Stanford against Idaho showed a
powerful defensive ability, and a
strong offensive which was effective
enough to beat the Vandals at their
own game. Idaho's passing offensive
was the best that has been seen on
the Coast for a great while, but it
failed to penetrate the Card defense
beyond the twenty-yard line.
Nevers in Shape
Ernie Nevers will be back in the
line-up next Saturday. Although badly
battered by the Vandals, the big full
back's injuries were not telling enough
to keep him from being one of the
most effective agents of the Stanford
team against Berkeley. Ernie's seven
ty-five-yard punt proved that he has
vastly improved, both in the speed
and in the driving force with which
he gets his punts away. Nevers and
Witter will have a good time Satur
day punting back and forth across
the field, but "Scotchy" Campbell and
Don Nichols will have just as good a
time running back the punts. Whether
or not Stanford and California will
gain on punting will depend largely
on these two safety men. The Cali
fornia ends are reputed to be effi
ciently fast; Stanford's ends have
proven themselves generally swift
when the occasion arose. Nichols
practically won the Washington game
on returned punts. At one time he
returned a forty-yard punt thirty
seven yards, placing the ball practi
cally at the point from which it'had
been kicked. It was not very often
that Idaho stopped Campbell in his
tracks on punts.
California will enter the Big Game
next Saturday backed by a reputa
tion of three years of championships,
besides the fact that it remains the
only undefeated team in the Pacific
Coast Conference. Stanford will op
pose California as a team "which has
arrived" in football circles, and with
only a defeat by the Trojans to mar
an otherwise clean sweep.
The Bears are conceded an edge.
Headlined to be a has-been team at
the beginning of the season they have
shown enough force to beat strong
teams.
Stanford is conceded a chance to
defeat California. Some difference to
the condescension of two years ago,
when the Cards were doomed to de
feat and the betting was all on wheth
er or not Stanford could score!
Stanford against Idaho showed a
powerful defensive ability, and a
strong offensive which was effective
enough to beat the Vandals at their
own game. Idaho's passing offensive
was the best that has been seen on
the Coast for a great while, but it
failed to penetrate the Card defense
beyond the twenty-yard line.
Nevers in Shape
Ernie Nevers will be back in the
line-up next Saturday. Although badly
battered by the Vandals, the big full
back's injuries were not telling enough
to keep him from being one of the
most effective agents of the Stanford
team against Berkeley. Ernie's seven
ty-five-yard punt proved that he has
vastly improved, both in the speed
and in the driving force with which
he gets his punts away. Nevers and
Witter will have a good time Satur
day punting back and forth across
the field, but "Scotchy" Campbell and
Don Nichols will have just as good a
time running back the punts. Whether
or not Stanford and California will
gain on punting will depend largely
on these two safety men. The Cali
fornia ends are reputed to be effi
ciently fast; Stanford's ends have
proven themselves generally swift
when the occasion arose. Nichols
practically won the Washington game
on returned punts. At one time he
returned a forty-yard punt thirty
seven yards, placing the ball practi
cally at the point from which it'had
been kicked. It was not very often
that Idaho stopped Campbell in his
tracks on punts.
