# ANDY SMITH GOES EAST AFTER FOOTBALL LORE
## 
### 
BERKELEY, Nov. 22. — "Andy"
Smith, mentor of the California
"wonder team," has left his charges,
and is now on a tour of the east,
where he will visit the great Eastern
colleges in pursuit of more football
lore.
Smith intends to sound Eastern
coaches on the feasibility of staging
an annual football game between Cali
fornia and some Eastern or mid-west
ern school.
BERKELEY, Nov. 22. — "Andy"
Smith, mentor of the California
"wonder team," has left his charges,
and is now on a tour of the east,
where he will visit the great Eastern
colleges in pursuit of more football
lore.
Smith intends to sound Eastern
coaches on the feasibility of staging
an annual football game between Cali
fornia and some Eastern or mid-west
ern school.
BERKELEY, Nov. 22. — "Andy"
Smith, mentor of the California
"wonder team," has left his charges,
and is now on a tour of the east,
where he will visit the great Eastern
colleges in pursuit of more football
lore.
Smith intends to sound Eastern
coaches on the feasibility of staging
an annual football game between Cali
fornia and some Eastern or mid-west
ern school.
BERKELEY, Nov. 22. — "Andy"
Smith, mentor of the California
"wonder team," has left his charges,
and is now on a tour of the east,
where he will visit the great Eastern
colleges in pursuit of more football
lore.
Smith intends to sound Eastern
coaches on the feasibility of staging
an annual football game between Cali
fornia and some Eastern or mid-west
ern school.
BERKELEY, Nov. 22. — "Andy"
Smith, mentor of the California
"wonder team," has left his charges,
and is now on a tour of the east,
where he will visit the great Eastern
colleges in pursuit of more football
lore.
Smith intends to sound Eastern
coaches on the feasibility of staging
an annual football game between Cali
fornia and some Eastern or mid-west
ern school.
BERKELEY, Nov. 22. — "Andy"
Smith, mentor of the California
"wonder team," has left his charges,
and is now on a tour of the east,
where he will visit the great Eastern
colleges in pursuit of more football
lore.
Smith intends to sound Eastern
coaches on the feasibility of staging
an annual football game between Cali
fornia and some Eastern or mid-west
ern school.
BERKELEY, Nov. 22. — "Andy"
Smith, mentor of the California
"wonder team," has left his charges,
and is now on a tour of the east,
where he will visit the great Eastern
colleges in pursuit of more football
lore.
Smith intends to sound Eastern
coaches on the feasibility of staging
an annual football game between Cali
fornia and some Eastern or mid-west
ern school.
BERKELEY, Nov. 22. — "Andy"
Smith, mentor of the California
"wonder team," has left his charges,
and is now on a tour of the east,
where he will visit the great Eastern
colleges in pursuit of more football
lore.
Smith intends to sound Eastern
coaches on the feasibility of staging
an annual football game between Cali
fornia and some Eastern or mid-west
ern school.
BERKELEY, Nov. 22. — "Andy"
Smith, mentor of the California
"wonder team," has left his charges,
and is now on a tour of the east,
where he will visit the great Eastern
colleges in pursuit of more football
lore.
Smith intends to sound Eastern
coaches on the feasibility of staging
an annual football game between Cali
fornia and some Eastern or mid-west
ern school.
BERKELEY, Nov. 22. — "Andy"
Smith, mentor of the California
"wonder team," has left his charges,
and is now on a tour of the east,
where he will visit the great Eastern
colleges in pursuit of more football
lore.
Smith intends to sound Eastern
coaches on the feasibility of staging
an annual football game between Cali
fornia and some Eastern or mid-west
ern school.
BERKELEY, Nov. 22. — "Andy"
Smith, mentor of the California
"wonder team," has left his charges,
and is now on a tour of the east,
where he will visit the great Eastern
colleges in pursuit of more football
lore.
Smith intends to sound Eastern
coaches on the feasibility of staging
an annual football game between Cali
fornia and some Eastern or mid-west
ern school.
BERKELEY, Nov. 22. — "Andy"
Smith, mentor of the California
"wonder team," has left his charges,
and is now on a tour of the east,
where he will visit the great Eastern
colleges in pursuit of more football
lore.
Smith intends to sound Eastern
coaches on the feasibility of staging
an annual football game between Cali
fornia and some Eastern or mid-west
ern school.
BERKELEY, Nov. 22. — "Andy"
Smith, mentor of the California
"wonder team," has left his charges,
and is now on a tour of the east,
where he will visit the great Eastern
colleges in pursuit of more football
lore.
Smith intends to sound Eastern
coaches on the feasibility of staging
an annual football game between Cali
fornia and some Eastern or mid-west
ern school.
