# Results of Girls' Tennis Tourney
## 
### 
Women's singles tennis finals and
mixed doubles finals will be held
next week, according to Marcia
Blair, tennis tournament manager.
Jerry Jackson will play Belsie
Dunlap next Thursday at 3:15. June
Mersereau and Tom Huffman will
play the winners of Jerry Jackson
and Errol Rosenthal vs. Betsie Dun
lap and Marshall Brooks next Tues
day. The finals will be played at
the Varsity Court.
Women's singles tennis finals and
mixed doubles finals will be held
next week, according to Marcia
Blair, tennis tournament manager.
Jerry Jackson will play Belsie
Dunlap next Thursday at 3:15. June
Mersereau and Tom Huffman will
play the winners of Jerry Jackson
and Errol Rosenthal vs. Betsie Dun
lap and Marshall Brooks next Tues
day. The finals will be played at
the Varsity Court.
Women's singles tennis finals and
mixed doubles finals will be held
next week, according to Marcia
Blair, tennis tournament manager.
Jerry Jackson will play Belsie
Dunlap next Thursday at 3:15. June
Mersereau and Tom Huffman will
play the winners of Jerry Jackson
and Errol Rosenthal vs. Betsie Dun
lap and Marshall Brooks next Tues
day. The finals will be played at
the Varsity Court.
Women's singles tennis finals and
mixed doubles finals will be held
next week, according to Marcia
Blair, tennis tournament manager.
Jerry Jackson will play Belsie
Dunlap next Thursday at 3:15. June
Mersereau and Tom Huffman will
play the winners of Jerry Jackson
and Errol Rosenthal vs. Betsie Dun
lap and Marshall Brooks next Tues
day. The finals will be played at
the Varsity Court.
Women's singles tennis finals and
mixed doubles finals will be held
next week, according to Marcia
Blair, tennis tournament manager.
Jerry Jackson will play Belsie
Dunlap next Thursday at 3:15. June
Mersereau and Tom Huffman will
play the winners of Jerry Jackson
and Errol Rosenthal vs. Betsie Dun
lap and Marshall Brooks next Tues
day. The finals will be played at
the Varsity Court.
Women's singles tennis finals and
mixed doubles finals will be held
next week, according to Marcia
Blair, tennis tournament manager.
Jerry Jackson will play Belsie
Dunlap next Thursday at 3:15. June
Mersereau and Tom Huffman will
play the winners of Jerry Jackson
and Errol Rosenthal vs. Betsie Dun
lap and Marshall Brooks next Tues
day. The finals will be played at
the Varsity Court.
Women's singles tennis finals and
mixed doubles finals will be held
next week, according to Marcia
Blair, tennis tournament manager.
Jerry Jackson will play Belsie
Dunlap next Thursday at 3:15. June
Mersereau and Tom Huffman will
play the winners of Jerry Jackson
and Errol Rosenthal vs. Betsie Dun
lap and Marshall Brooks next Tues
day. The finals will be played at
the Varsity Court.
Women's singles tennis finals and
mixed doubles finals will be held
next week, according to Marcia
Blair, tennis tournament manager.
Jerry Jackson will play Belsie
Dunlap next Thursday at 3:15. June
Mersereau and Tom Huffman will
play the winners of Jerry Jackson
and Errol Rosenthal vs. Betsie Dun
lap and Marshall Brooks next Tues
day. The finals will be played at
the Varsity Court.
Women's singles tennis finals and
mixed doubles finals will be held
next week, according to Marcia
Blair, tennis tournament manager.
Jerry Jackson will play Belsie
Dunlap next Thursday at 3:15. June
Mersereau and Tom Huffman will
play the winners of Jerry Jackson
and Errol Rosenthal vs. Betsie Dun
lap and Marshall Brooks next Tues
day. The finals will be played at
the Varsity Court.
Women's singles tennis finals and
mixed doubles finals will be held
next week, according to Marcia
Blair, tennis tournament manager.
Jerry Jackson will play Belsie
Dunlap next Thursday at 3:15. June
Mersereau and Tom Huffman will
play the winners of Jerry Jackson
and Errol Rosenthal vs. Betsie Dun
lap and Marshall Brooks next Tues
day. The finals will be played at
the Varsity Court.
Women's singles tennis finals and
mixed doubles finals will be held
next week, according to Marcia
Blair, tennis tournament manager.
Jerry Jackson will play Belsie
Dunlap next Thursday at 3:15. June
Mersereau and Tom Huffman will
play the winners of Jerry Jackson
and Errol Rosenthal vs. Betsie Dun
lap and Marshall Brooks next Tues
day. The finals will be played at
the Varsity Court.
Women's singles tennis finals and
mixed doubles finals will be held
next week, according to Marcia
Blair, tennis tournament manager.
Jerry Jackson will play Belsie
Dunlap next Thursday at 3:15. June
Mersereau and Tom Huffman will
play the winners of Jerry Jackson
and Errol Rosenthal vs. Betsie Dun
lap and Marshall Brooks next Tues
day. The finals will be played at
the Varsity Court.
Women's singles tennis finals and
mixed doubles finals will be held
next week, according to Marcia
Blair, tennis tournament manager.
Jerry Jackson will play Belsie
Dunlap next Thursday at 3:15. June
Mersereau and Tom Huffman will
play the winners of Jerry Jackson
and Errol Rosenthal vs. Betsie Dun
lap and Marshall Brooks next Tues
day. The finals will be played at
the Varsity Court.
Women's singles tennis finals and
mixed doubles finals will be held
next week, according to Marcia
Blair, tennis tournament manager.
Jerry Jackson will play Belsie
Dunlap next Thursday at 3:15. June
Mersereau and Tom Huffman will
play the winners of Jerry Jackson
and Errol Rosenthal vs. Betsie Dun
lap and Marshall Brooks next Tues
day. The finals will be played at
the Varsity Court.
Women's singles tennis finals and
mixed doubles finals will be held
next week, according to Marcia
Blair, tennis tournament manager.
Jerry Jackson will play Belsie
Dunlap next Thursday at 3:15. June
Mersereau and Tom Huffman will
play the winners of Jerry Jackson
and Errol Rosenthal vs. Betsie Dun
lap and Marshall Brooks next Tues
day. The finals will be played at
the Varsity Court.
