# Reiner Speaks Tonight--7:30
## 
### 
"Architecture, Yesterday and To
morrow," will be the subject of an
illustrated lecture by Jan Reiner,
internally famous architect and de
signer, to be given this evening at
7:30 in the auditorium of Memorial
Hall at Stanford.
One of the regular Tuesday Eve
ning Series sponsored by the Com
mittee on Public Exercises, this lec
ture is open to the public without
admission charge.
A native of Czechoslovakia, Mr.
Reiner graduated from Prague Uni
versity in 1930 and did graduate
study in architecture and interior
design in Vienna. His European pe
riod included work under Le Cor
b\isier, the Parisian apostle of Mod
ernism, and the brilliant Norwegian
architect Ove Bang.
Coming to Harvard in 1937 on an
international exchange fellowship,
Mr. Reiner studied under Walter
Gropius and won the M.A. degree.
After serving for three years on the
faculty of Moholy-Nagy's School of
Design in Chicago, he established
offices in San Francisco in 1941.


JAN REINER . . . internationally
architect and designer.
"Architecture, Yesterday and To
morrow," will be the subject of an
illustrated lecture by Jan Reiner,
internally famous architect and de
signer, to be given this evening at
7:30 in the auditorium of Memorial
Hall at Stanford.
One of the regular Tuesday Eve
ning Series sponsored by the Com
mittee on Public Exercises, this lec
ture is open to the public without
admission charge.
A native of Czechoslovakia, Mr.
Reiner graduated from Prague Uni
versity in 1930 and did graduate
study in architecture and interior
design in Vienna. His European pe
riod included work under Le Cor
b\isier, the Parisian apostle of Mod
ernism, and the brilliant Norwegian
architect Ove Bang.
Coming to Harvard in 1937 on an
international exchange fellowship,
Mr. Reiner studied under Walter
Gropius and won the M.A. degree.
After serving for three years on the
faculty of Moholy-Nagy's School of
Design in Chicago, he established
offices in San Francisco in 1941.


JAN REINER . . . internationally
architect and designer.
"Architecture, Yesterday and To
morrow," will be the subject of an
illustrated lecture by Jan Reiner,
internally famous architect and de
signer, to be given this evening at
7:30 in the auditorium of Memorial
Hall at Stanford.
One of the regular Tuesday Eve
ning Series sponsored by the Com
mittee on Public Exercises, this lec
ture is open to the public without
admission charge.
A native of Czechoslovakia, Mr.
Reiner graduated from Prague Uni
versity in 1930 and did graduate
study in architecture and interior
design in Vienna. His European pe
riod included work under Le Cor
b\isier, the Parisian apostle of Mod
ernism, and the brilliant Norwegian
architect Ove Bang.
Coming to Harvard in 1937 on an
international exchange fellowship,
Mr. Reiner studied under Walter
Gropius and won the M.A. degree.
After serving for three years on the
faculty of Moholy-Nagy's School of
Design in Chicago, he established
offices in San Francisco in 1941.


JAN REINER . . . internationally
architect and designer.
"Architecture, Yesterday and To
morrow," will be the subject of an
illustrated lecture by Jan Reiner,
internally famous architect and de
signer, to be given this evening at
7:30 in the auditorium of Memorial
Hall at Stanford.
One of the regular Tuesday Eve
ning Series sponsored by the Com
mittee on Public Exercises, this lec
ture is open to the public without
admission charge.
A native of Czechoslovakia, Mr.
Reiner graduated from Prague Uni
versity in 1930 and did graduate
study in architecture and interior
design in Vienna. His European pe
riod included work under Le Cor
b\isier, the Parisian apostle of Mod
ernism, and the brilliant Norwegian
architect Ove Bang.
Coming to Harvard in 1937 on an
international exchange fellowship,
Mr. Reiner studied under Walter
Gropius and won the M.A. degree.
After serving for three years on the
faculty of Moholy-Nagy's School of
Design in Chicago, he established
offices in San Francisco in 1941.


JAN REINER . . . internationally
architect and designer.
"Architecture, Yesterday and To
morrow," will be the subject of an
illustrated lecture by Jan Reiner,
internally famous architect and de
signer, to be given this evening at
7:30 in the auditorium of Memorial
Hall at Stanford.
One of the regular Tuesday Eve
ning Series sponsored by the Com
mittee on Public Exercises, this lec
ture is open to the public without
admission charge.
A native of Czechoslovakia, Mr.
Reiner graduated from Prague Uni
versity in 1930 and did graduate
study in architecture and interior
design in Vienna. His European pe
riod included work under Le Cor
b\isier, the Parisian apostle of Mod
ernism, and the brilliant Norwegian
architect Ove Bang.
Coming to Harvard in 1937 on an
international exchange fellowship,
Mr. Reiner studied under Walter
Gropius and won the M.A. degree.
After serving for three years on the
faculty of Moholy-Nagy's School of
Design in Chicago, he established
offices in San Francisco in 1941.


JAN REINER . . . internationally
architect and designer.
"Architecture, Yesterday and To
morrow," will be the subject of an
illustrated lecture by Jan Reiner,
internally famous architect and de
signer, to be given this evening at
7:30 in the auditorium of Memorial
Hall at Stanford.
One of the regular Tuesday Eve
ning Series sponsored by the Com
mittee on Public Exercises, this lec
ture is open to the public without
admission charge.
A native of Czechoslovakia, Mr.
Reiner graduated from Prague Uni
versity in 1930 and did graduate
study in architecture and interior
design in Vienna. His European pe
riod included work under Le Cor
b\isier, the Parisian apostle of Mod
ernism, and the brilliant Norwegian
architect Ove Bang.
Coming to Harvard in 1937 on an
international exchange fellowship,
Mr. Reiner studied under Walter
Gropius and won the M.A. degree.
After serving for three years on the
faculty of Moholy-Nagy's School of
Design in Chicago, he established
offices in San Francisco in 1941.


JAN REINER . . . internationally
architect and designer.
"Architecture, Yesterday and To
morrow," will be the subject of an
illustrated lecture by Jan Reiner,
internally famous architect and de
signer, to be given this evening at
7:30 in the auditorium of Memorial
Hall at Stanford.
One of the regular Tuesday Eve
ning Series sponsored by the Com
mittee on Public Exercises, this lec
ture is open to the public without
admission charge.
A native of Czechoslovakia, Mr.
Reiner graduated from Prague Uni
versity in 1930 and did graduate
study in architecture and interior
design in Vienna. His European pe
riod included work under Le Cor
b\isier, the Parisian apostle of Mod
ernism, and the brilliant Norwegian
architect Ove Bang.
Coming to Harvard in 1937 on an
international exchange fellowship,
Mr. Reiner studied under Walter
Gropius and won the M.A. degree.
After serving for three years on the
faculty of Moholy-Nagy's School of
Design in Chicago, he established
offices in San Francisco in 1941.


JAN REINER . . . internationally
architect and designer.
"Architecture, Yesterday and To
morrow," will be the subject of an
illustrated lecture by Jan Reiner,
internally famous architect and de
signer, to be given this evening at
7:30 in the auditorium of Memorial
Hall at Stanford.
One of the regular Tuesday Eve
ning Series sponsored by the Com
mittee on Public Exercises, this lec
ture is open to the public without
admission charge.
A native of Czechoslovakia, Mr.
Reiner graduated from Prague Uni
versity in 1930 and did graduate
study in architecture and interior
design in Vienna. His European pe
riod included work under Le Cor
b\isier, the Parisian apostle of Mod
ernism, and the brilliant Norwegian
architect Ove Bang.
Coming to Harvard in 1937 on an
international exchange fellowship,
Mr. Reiner studied under Walter
Gropius and won the M.A. degree.
After serving for three years on the
faculty of Moholy-Nagy's School of
Design in Chicago, he established
offices in San Francisco in 1941.


JAN REINER . . . internationally
architect and designer.
"Architecture, Yesterday and To
morrow," will be the subject of an
illustrated lecture by Jan Reiner,
internally famous architect and de
signer, to be given this evening at
7:30 in the auditorium of Memorial
Hall at Stanford.
One of the regular Tuesday Eve
ning Series sponsored by the Com
mittee on Public Exercises, this lec
ture is open to the public without
admission charge.
A native of Czechoslovakia, Mr.
Reiner graduated from Prague Uni
versity in 1930 and did graduate
study in architecture and interior
design in Vienna. His European pe
riod included work under Le Cor
b\isier, the Parisian apostle of Mod
ernism, and the brilliant Norwegian
architect Ove Bang.
Coming to Harvard in 1937 on an
international exchange fellowship,
Mr. Reiner studied under Walter
Gropius and won the M.A. degree.
After serving for three years on the
faculty of Moholy-Nagy's School of
Design in Chicago, he established
offices in San Francisco in 1941.


JAN REINER . . . internationally
architect and designer.
"Architecture, Yesterday and To
morrow," will be the subject of an
illustrated lecture by Jan Reiner,
internally famous architect and de
signer, to be given this evening at
7:30 in the auditorium of Memorial
Hall at Stanford.
One of the regular Tuesday Eve
ning Series sponsored by the Com
mittee on Public Exercises, this lec
ture is open to the public without
admission charge.
A native of Czechoslovakia, Mr.
Reiner graduated from Prague Uni
versity in 1930 and did graduate
study in architecture and interior
design in Vienna. His European pe
riod included work under Le Cor
b\isier, the Parisian apostle of Mod
ernism, and the brilliant Norwegian
architect Ove Bang.
Coming to Harvard in 1937 on an
international exchange fellowship,
Mr. Reiner studied under Walter
Gropius and won the M.A. degree.
After serving for three years on the
faculty of Moholy-Nagy's School of
Design in Chicago, he established
offices in San Francisco in 1941.


JAN REINER . . . internationally
architect and designer.
"Architecture, Yesterday and To
morrow," will be the subject of an
illustrated lecture by Jan Reiner,
internally famous architect and de
signer, to be given this evening at
7:30 in the auditorium of Memorial
Hall at Stanford.
One of the regular Tuesday Eve
ning Series sponsored by the Com
mittee on Public Exercises, this lec
ture is open to the public without
admission charge.
A native of Czechoslovakia, Mr.
Reiner graduated from Prague Uni
versity in 1930 and did graduate
study in architecture and interior
design in Vienna. His European pe
riod included work under Le Cor
b\isier, the Parisian apostle of Mod
ernism, and the brilliant Norwegian
architect Ove Bang.
Coming to Harvard in 1937 on an
international exchange fellowship,
Mr. Reiner studied under Walter
Gropius and won the M.A. degree.
After serving for three years on the
faculty of Moholy-Nagy's School of
Design in Chicago, he established
offices in San Francisco in 1941.


JAN REINER . . . internationally
architect and designer.
"Architecture, Yesterday and To
morrow," will be the subject of an
illustrated lecture by Jan Reiner,
internally famous architect and de
signer, to be given this evening at
7:30 in the auditorium of Memorial
Hall at Stanford.
One of the regular Tuesday Eve
ning Series sponsored by the Com
mittee on Public Exercises, this lec
ture is open to the public without
admission charge.
A native of Czechoslovakia, Mr.
Reiner graduated from Prague Uni
versity in 1930 and did graduate
study in architecture and interior
design in Vienna. His European pe
riod included work under Le Cor
b\isier, the Parisian apostle of Mod
ernism, and the brilliant Norwegian
architect Ove Bang.
Coming to Harvard in 1937 on an
international exchange fellowship,
Mr. Reiner studied under Walter
Gropius and won the M.A. degree.
After serving for three years on the
faculty of Moholy-Nagy's School of
Design in Chicago, he established
offices in San Francisco in 1941.


JAN REINER . . . internationally
architect and designer.
"Architecture, Yesterday and To
morrow," will be the subject of an
illustrated lecture by Jan Reiner,
internally famous architect and de
signer, to be given this evening at
7:30 in the auditorium of Memorial
Hall at Stanford.
One of the regular Tuesday Eve
ning Series sponsored by the Com
mittee on Public Exercises, this lec
ture is open to the public without
admission charge.
A native of Czechoslovakia, Mr.
Reiner graduated from Prague Uni
versity in 1930 and did graduate
study in architecture and interior
design in Vienna. His European pe
riod included work under Le Cor
b\isier, the Parisian apostle of Mod
ernism, and the brilliant Norwegian
architect Ove Bang.
Coming to Harvard in 1937 on an
international exchange fellowship,
Mr. Reiner studied under Walter
Gropius and won the M.A. degree.
After serving for three years on the
faculty of Moholy-Nagy's School of
Design in Chicago, he established
offices in San Francisco in 1941.


JAN REINER . . . internationally
architect and designer.
"Architecture, Yesterday and To
morrow," will be the subject of an
illustrated lecture by Jan Reiner,
internally famous architect and de
signer, to be given this evening at
7:30 in the auditorium of Memorial
Hall at Stanford.
One of the regular Tuesday Eve
ning Series sponsored by the Com
mittee on Public Exercises, this lec
ture is open to the public without
admission charge.
A native of Czechoslovakia, Mr.
Reiner graduated from Prague Uni
versity in 1930 and did graduate
study in architecture and interior
design in Vienna. His European pe
riod included work under Le Cor
b\isier, the Parisian apostle of Mod
ernism, and the brilliant Norwegian
architect Ove Bang.
Coming to Harvard in 1937 on an
international exchange fellowship,
Mr. Reiner studied under Walter
Gropius and won the M.A. degree.
After serving for three years on the
faculty of Moholy-Nagy's School of
Design in Chicago, he established
offices in San Francisco in 1941.


JAN REINER . . . internationally
architect and designer.
"Architecture, Yesterday and To
morrow," will be the subject of an
illustrated lecture by Jan Reiner,
internally famous architect and de
signer, to be given this evening at
7:30 in the auditorium of Memorial
Hall at Stanford.
One of the regular Tuesday Eve
ning Series sponsored by the Com
mittee on Public Exercises, this lec
ture is open to the public without
admission charge.
A native of Czechoslovakia, Mr.
Reiner graduated from Prague Uni
versity in 1930 and did graduate
study in architecture and interior
design in Vienna. His European pe
riod included work under Le Cor
b\isier, the Parisian apostle of Mod
ernism, and the brilliant Norwegian
architect Ove Bang.
Coming to Harvard in 1937 on an
international exchange fellowship,
Mr. Reiner studied under Walter
Gropius and won the M.A. degree.
After serving for three years on the
faculty of Moholy-Nagy's School of
Design in Chicago, he established
offices in San Francisco in 1941.


JAN REINER . . . internationally
architect and designer.
"Architecture, Yesterday and To
morrow," will be the subject of an
illustrated lecture by Jan Reiner,
internally famous architect and de
signer, to be given this evening at
7:30 in the auditorium of Memorial
Hall at Stanford.
One of the regular Tuesday Eve
ning Series sponsored by the Com
mittee on Public Exercises, this lec
ture is open to the public without
admission charge.
A native of Czechoslovakia, Mr.
Reiner graduated from Prague Uni
versity in 1930 and did graduate
study in architecture and interior
design in Vienna. His European pe
riod included work under Le Cor
b\isier, the Parisian apostle of Mod
ernism, and the brilliant Norwegian
architect Ove Bang.
Coming to Harvard in 1937 on an
international exchange fellowship,
Mr. Reiner studied under Walter
Gropius and won the M.A. degree.
After serving for three years on the
faculty of Moholy-Nagy's School of
Design in Chicago, he established
offices in San Francisco in 1941.


JAN REINER . . . internationally
architect and designer.
"Architecture, Yesterday and To
morrow," will be the subject of an
illustrated lecture by Jan Reiner,
internally famous architect and de
signer, to be given this evening at
7:30 in the auditorium of Memorial
Hall at Stanford.
One of the regular Tuesday Eve
ning Series sponsored by the Com
mittee on Public Exercises, this lec
ture is open to the public without
admission charge.
A native of Czechoslovakia, Mr.
Reiner graduated from Prague Uni
versity in 1930 and did graduate
study in architecture and interior
design in Vienna. His European pe
riod included work under Le Cor
b\isier, the Parisian apostle of Mod
ernism, and the brilliant Norwegian
architect Ove Bang.
Coming to Harvard in 1937 on an
international exchange fellowship,
Mr. Reiner studied under Walter
Gropius and won the M.A. degree.
After serving for three years on the
faculty of Moholy-Nagy's School of
Design in Chicago, he established
offices in San Francisco in 1941.


JAN REINER . . . internationally
architect and designer.
