# "At Home."
## 
### 
Prof, and Mrs. C. 15. Wing on after
noon and evening of third and fourth
Fridays
Dr. and Mrs. Frank Angell on after
noon and evening of third and fourth
Fridays.
l)r. and Mrs. W. W. Thoburn on
afternoon and evening of third and
fourth Fridays.
Dr. and Mrs. C. 11. Gilbert on after
noon and evening of third and fourth
Fridays.
Prof, and Mrs A. T. Murray on
afternoon and evening of third and
fourth Fridays
Prof, and Mrs. L. M. lloskins on
afternoon and evening of third and
fourth Fridays.
Prof, and Mrs. C. 15. Wing on after
noon and evening of third and fourth
Fridays
Dr. and Mrs. Frank Angell on after
noon and evening of third and fourth
Fridays.
l)r. and Mrs. W. W. Thoburn on
afternoon and evening of third and
fourth Fridays.
Dr. and Mrs. C. 11. Gilbert on after
noon and evening of third and fourth
Fridays.
Prof, and Mrs A. T. Murray on
afternoon and evening of third and
fourth Fridays
Prof, and Mrs. L. M. lloskins on
afternoon and evening of third and
fourth Fridays.
Prof, and Mrs. C. 15. Wing on after
noon and evening of third and fourth
Fridays
Dr. and Mrs. Frank Angell on after
noon and evening of third and fourth
Fridays.
l)r. and Mrs. W. W. Thoburn on
afternoon and evening of third and
fourth Fridays.
Dr. and Mrs. C. 11. Gilbert on after
noon and evening of third and fourth
Fridays.
Prof, and Mrs A. T. Murray on
afternoon and evening of third and
fourth Fridays
Prof, and Mrs. L. M. lloskins on
afternoon and evening of third and
fourth Fridays.
