# Tennis Cluh Gives Tryout Period
## 
### 
New members of the Tennis Club
are Ann Carter and Ann Paulson, ac
cording to Barbara Beardslee, presi
dent. New members of the Junior
Tennis Club are: Marcia Blair, Jean
Slelp, and Barbara Bronson.
Additional tryouts for the Tennis
Club for Spring Quarter will be held
tomorrow from 4:00 to 5:30 p.m. for
those who were unable to attend the
last one. All women students with
advanced tennis rating are urged to
sii>n up in the Women's Gym and try
out. They must bring their own balls
New members of the Tennis Club
are Ann Carter and Ann Paulson, ac
cording to Barbara Beardslee, presi
dent. New members of the Junior
Tennis Club are: Marcia Blair, Jean
Slelp, and Barbara Bronson.
Additional tryouts for the Tennis
Club for Spring Quarter will be held
tomorrow from 4:00 to 5:30 p.m. for
those who were unable to attend the
last one. All women students with
advanced tennis rating are urged to
sii>n up in the Women's Gym and try
out. They must bring their own balls
New members of the Tennis Club
are Ann Carter and Ann Paulson, ac
cording to Barbara Beardslee, presi
dent. New members of the Junior
Tennis Club are: Marcia Blair, Jean
Slelp, and Barbara Bronson.
Additional tryouts for the Tennis
Club for Spring Quarter will be held
tomorrow from 4:00 to 5:30 p.m. for
those who were unable to attend the
last one. All women students with
advanced tennis rating are urged to
sii>n up in the Women's Gym and try
out. They must bring their own balls
New members of the Tennis Club
are Ann Carter and Ann Paulson, ac
cording to Barbara Beardslee, presi
dent. New members of the Junior
Tennis Club are: Marcia Blair, Jean
Slelp, and Barbara Bronson.
Additional tryouts for the Tennis
Club for Spring Quarter will be held
tomorrow from 4:00 to 5:30 p.m. for
those who were unable to attend the
last one. All women students with
advanced tennis rating are urged to
sii>n up in the Women's Gym and try
out. They must bring their own balls
New members of the Tennis Club
are Ann Carter and Ann Paulson, ac
cording to Barbara Beardslee, presi
dent. New members of the Junior
Tennis Club are: Marcia Blair, Jean
Slelp, and Barbara Bronson.
Additional tryouts for the Tennis
Club for Spring Quarter will be held
tomorrow from 4:00 to 5:30 p.m. for
those who were unable to attend the
last one. All women students with
advanced tennis rating are urged to
sii>n up in the Women's Gym and try
out. They must bring their own balls
New members of the Tennis Club
are Ann Carter and Ann Paulson, ac
cording to Barbara Beardslee, presi
dent. New members of the Junior
Tennis Club are: Marcia Blair, Jean
Slelp, and Barbara Bronson.
Additional tryouts for the Tennis
Club for Spring Quarter will be held
tomorrow from 4:00 to 5:30 p.m. for
those who were unable to attend the
last one. All women students with
advanced tennis rating are urged to
sii>n up in the Women's Gym and try
out. They must bring their own balls
New members of the Tennis Club
are Ann Carter and Ann Paulson, ac
cording to Barbara Beardslee, presi
dent. New members of the Junior
Tennis Club are: Marcia Blair, Jean
Slelp, and Barbara Bronson.
Additional tryouts for the Tennis
Club for Spring Quarter will be held
tomorrow from 4:00 to 5:30 p.m. for
those who were unable to attend the
last one. All women students with
advanced tennis rating are urged to
sii>n up in the Women's Gym and try
out. They must bring their own balls
New members of the Tennis Club
are Ann Carter and Ann Paulson, ac
cording to Barbara Beardslee, presi
dent. New members of the Junior
Tennis Club are: Marcia Blair, Jean
Slelp, and Barbara Bronson.
Additional tryouts for the Tennis
Club for Spring Quarter will be held
tomorrow from 4:00 to 5:30 p.m. for
those who were unable to attend the
last one. All women students with
advanced tennis rating are urged to
sii>n up in the Women's Gym and try
out. They must bring their own balls
New members of the Tennis Club
are Ann Carter and Ann Paulson, ac
cording to Barbara Beardslee, presi
dent. New members of the Junior
Tennis Club are: Marcia Blair, Jean
Slelp, and Barbara Bronson.
Additional tryouts for the Tennis
Club for Spring Quarter will be held
tomorrow from 4:00 to 5:30 p.m. for
those who were unable to attend the
last one. All women students with
advanced tennis rating are urged to
sii>n up in the Women's Gym and try
out. They must bring their own balls
New members of the Tennis Club
are Ann Carter and Ann Paulson, ac
cording to Barbara Beardslee, presi
dent. New members of the Junior
Tennis Club are: Marcia Blair, Jean
Slelp, and Barbara Bronson.
Additional tryouts for the Tennis
Club for Spring Quarter will be held
tomorrow from 4:00 to 5:30 p.m. for
those who were unable to attend the
last one. All women students with
advanced tennis rating are urged to
sii>n up in the Women's Gym and try
out. They must bring their own balls
New members of the Tennis Club
are Ann Carter and Ann Paulson, ac
cording to Barbara Beardslee, presi
dent. New members of the Junior
Tennis Club are: Marcia Blair, Jean
Slelp, and Barbara Bronson.
Additional tryouts for the Tennis
Club for Spring Quarter will be held
tomorrow from 4:00 to 5:30 p.m. for
those who were unable to attend the
last one. All women students with
advanced tennis rating are urged to
sii>n up in the Women's Gym and try
out. They must bring their own balls
New members of the Tennis Club
are Ann Carter and Ann Paulson, ac
cording to Barbara Beardslee, presi
dent. New members of the Junior
Tennis Club are: Marcia Blair, Jean
Slelp, and Barbara Bronson.
Additional tryouts for the Tennis
Club for Spring Quarter will be held
tomorrow from 4:00 to 5:30 p.m. for
those who were unable to attend the
last one. All women students with
advanced tennis rating are urged to
sii>n up in the Women's Gym and try
out. They must bring their own balls
New members of the Tennis Club
are Ann Carter and Ann Paulson, ac
cording to Barbara Beardslee, presi
dent. New members of the Junior
Tennis Club are: Marcia Blair, Jean
Slelp, and Barbara Bronson.
Additional tryouts for the Tennis
Club for Spring Quarter will be held
tomorrow from 4:00 to 5:30 p.m. for
those who were unable to attend the
last one. All women students with
advanced tennis rating are urged to
sii>n up in the Women's Gym and try
out. They must bring their own balls
New members of the Tennis Club
are Ann Carter and Ann Paulson, ac
cording to Barbara Beardslee, presi
dent. New members of the Junior
Tennis Club are: Marcia Blair, Jean
Slelp, and Barbara Bronson.
Additional tryouts for the Tennis
Club for Spring Quarter will be held
tomorrow from 4:00 to 5:30 p.m. for
those who were unable to attend the
last one. All women students with
advanced tennis rating are urged to
sii>n up in the Women's Gym and try
out. They must bring their own balls
New members of the Tennis Club
are Ann Carter and Ann Paulson, ac
cording to Barbara Beardslee, presi
dent. New members of the Junior
Tennis Club are: Marcia Blair, Jean
Slelp, and Barbara Bronson.
Additional tryouts for the Tennis
Club for Spring Quarter will be held
tomorrow from 4:00 to 5:30 p.m. for
those who were unable to attend the
last one. All women students with
advanced tennis rating are urged to
sii>n up in the Women's Gym and try
out. They must bring their own balls
New members of the Tennis Club
are Ann Carter and Ann Paulson, ac
cording to Barbara Beardslee, presi
dent. New members of the Junior
Tennis Club are: Marcia Blair, Jean
Slelp, and Barbara Bronson.
Additional tryouts for the Tennis
Club for Spring Quarter will be held
tomorrow from 4:00 to 5:30 p.m. for
those who were unable to attend the
last one. All women students with
advanced tennis rating are urged to
sii>n up in the Women's Gym and try
out. They must bring their own balls
New members of the Tennis Club
are Ann Carter and Ann Paulson, ac
cording to Barbara Beardslee, presi
dent. New members of the Junior
Tennis Club are: Marcia Blair, Jean
Slelp, and Barbara Bronson.
Additional tryouts for the Tennis
Club for Spring Quarter will be held
tomorrow from 4:00 to 5:30 p.m. for
those who were unable to attend the
last one. All women students with
advanced tennis rating are urged to
sii>n up in the Women's Gym and try
out. They must bring their own balls
