# Finance, Minutes Agenda for Excom
## 
### 
Excom agenda for tomorrow
night's meeting at 7:15 in the Ex
com room is as follows, according
to A.S.S.U. president Barbara
White:
Reading and verification of Card
inals' minutes; Publication and De
bate councils' minutes; discussion
of Men's Council appropriations;
various appointments; decision on
frequency of Chaparral publica
tion.
Excom agenda for tomorrow
night's meeting at 7:15 in the Ex
com room is as follows, according
to A.S.S.U. president Barbara
White:
Reading and verification of Card
inals' minutes; Publication and De
bate councils' minutes; discussion
of Men's Council appropriations;
various appointments; decision on
frequency of Chaparral publica
tion.
Excom agenda for tomorrow
night's meeting at 7:15 in the Ex
com room is as follows, according
to A.S.S.U. president Barbara
White:
Reading and verification of Card
inals' minutes; Publication and De
bate councils' minutes; discussion
of Men's Council appropriations;
various appointments; decision on
frequency of Chaparral publica
tion.
Excom agenda for tomorrow
night's meeting at 7:15 in the Ex
com room is as follows, according
to A.S.S.U. president Barbara
White:
Reading and verification of Card
inals' minutes; Publication and De
bate councils' minutes; discussion
of Men's Council appropriations;
various appointments; decision on
frequency of Chaparral publica
tion.
Excom agenda for tomorrow
night's meeting at 7:15 in the Ex
com room is as follows, according
to A.S.S.U. president Barbara
White:
Reading and verification of Card
inals' minutes; Publication and De
bate councils' minutes; discussion
of Men's Council appropriations;
various appointments; decision on
frequency of Chaparral publica
tion.
Excom agenda for tomorrow
night's meeting at 7:15 in the Ex
com room is as follows, according
to A.S.S.U. president Barbara
White:
Reading and verification of Card
inals' minutes; Publication and De
bate councils' minutes; discussion
of Men's Council appropriations;
various appointments; decision on
frequency of Chaparral publica
tion.
Excom agenda for tomorrow
night's meeting at 7:15 in the Ex
com room is as follows, according
to A.S.S.U. president Barbara
White:
Reading and verification of Card
inals' minutes; Publication and De
bate councils' minutes; discussion
of Men's Council appropriations;
various appointments; decision on
frequency of Chaparral publica
tion.
Excom agenda for tomorrow
night's meeting at 7:15 in the Ex
com room is as follows, according
to A.S.S.U. president Barbara
White:
Reading and verification of Card
inals' minutes; Publication and De
bate councils' minutes; discussion
of Men's Council appropriations;
various appointments; decision on
frequency of Chaparral publica
tion.
Excom agenda for tomorrow
night's meeting at 7:15 in the Ex
com room is as follows, according
to A.S.S.U. president Barbara
White:
Reading and verification of Card
inals' minutes; Publication and De
bate councils' minutes; discussion
of Men's Council appropriations;
various appointments; decision on
frequency of Chaparral publica
tion.
Excom agenda for tomorrow
night's meeting at 7:15 in the Ex
com room is as follows, according
to A.S.S.U. president Barbara
White:
Reading and verification of Card
inals' minutes; Publication and De
bate councils' minutes; discussion
of Men's Council appropriations;
various appointments; decision on
frequency of Chaparral publica
tion.
Excom agenda for tomorrow
night's meeting at 7:15 in the Ex
com room is as follows, according
to A.S.S.U. president Barbara
White:
Reading and verification of Card
inals' minutes; Publication and De
bate councils' minutes; discussion
of Men's Council appropriations;
various appointments; decision on
frequency of Chaparral publica
tion.
Excom agenda for tomorrow
night's meeting at 7:15 in the Ex
com room is as follows, according
to A.S.S.U. president Barbara
White:
Reading and verification of Card
inals' minutes; Publication and De
bate councils' minutes; discussion
of Men's Council appropriations;
various appointments; decision on
frequency of Chaparral publica
tion.
Excom agenda for tomorrow
night's meeting at 7:15 in the Ex
com room is as follows, according
to A.S.S.U. president Barbara
White:
Reading and verification of Card
inals' minutes; Publication and De
bate councils' minutes; discussion
of Men's Council appropriations;
various appointments; decision on
frequency of Chaparral publica
tion.
Excom agenda for tomorrow
night's meeting at 7:15 in the Ex
com room is as follows, according
to A.S.S.U. president Barbara
White:
Reading and verification of Card
inals' minutes; Publication and De
bate councils' minutes; discussion
of Men's Council appropriations;
various appointments; decision on
frequency of Chaparral publica
tion.
Excom agenda for tomorrow
night's meeting at 7:15 in the Ex
com room is as follows, according
to A.S.S.U. president Barbara
White:
Reading and verification of Card
inals' minutes; Publication and De
bate councils' minutes; discussion
of Men's Council appropriations;
various appointments; decision on
frequency of Chaparral publica
tion.
Excom agenda for tomorrow
night's meeting at 7:15 in the Ex
com room is as follows, according
to A.S.S.U. president Barbara
White:
Reading and verification of Card
inals' minutes; Publication and De
bate councils' minutes; discussion
of Men's Council appropriations;
various appointments; decision on
frequency of Chaparral publica
tion.
Excom agenda for tomorrow
night's meeting at 7:15 in the Ex
com room is as follows, according
to A.S.S.U. president Barbara
White:
Reading and verification of Card
inals' minutes; Publication and De
bate councils' minutes; discussion
of Men's Council appropriations;
various appointments; decision on
frequency of Chaparral publica
tion.
