# War Board Needs Students' Posters
## 
### 
Blood Bank. Crop Crew, Motor
Jorps, Salvage, and many other di
•usions of the Stanford War Board
iffd posters, Dorothy Taggart. pos
er committee eh: irman, nnounced
v<■' tot vl:<>
Blood Bank. Crop Crew, Motor
Jorps, Salvage, and many other di
•usions of the Stanford War Board
iffd posters, Dorothy Taggart. pos
er committee eh: irman, nnounced
v<■' tot vl:<>
Blood Bank. Crop Crew, Motor
Jorps, Salvage, and many other di
•usions of the Stanford War Board
iffd posters, Dorothy Taggart. pos
er committee eh: irman, nnounced
v<■' tot vl:<>
Blood Bank. Crop Crew, Motor
Jorps, Salvage, and many other di
•usions of the Stanford War Board
iffd posters, Dorothy Taggart. pos
er committee eh: irman, nnounced
v<■' tot vl:<>
Blood Bank. Crop Crew, Motor
Jorps, Salvage, and many other di
•usions of the Stanford War Board
iffd posters, Dorothy Taggart. pos
er committee eh: irman, nnounced
v<■' tot vl:<>
Blood Bank. Crop Crew, Motor
Jorps, Salvage, and many other di
•usions of the Stanford War Board
iffd posters, Dorothy Taggart. pos
er committee eh: irman, nnounced
v<■' tot vl:<>
Blood Bank. Crop Crew, Motor
Jorps, Salvage, and many other di
•usions of the Stanford War Board
iffd posters, Dorothy Taggart. pos
er committee eh: irman, nnounced
v<■' tot vl:<>
Blood Bank. Crop Crew, Motor
Jorps, Salvage, and many other di
•usions of the Stanford War Board
iffd posters, Dorothy Taggart. pos
er committee eh: irman, nnounced
v<■' tot vl:<>
Blood Bank. Crop Crew, Motor
Jorps, Salvage, and many other di
•usions of the Stanford War Board
iffd posters, Dorothy Taggart. pos
er committee eh: irman, nnounced
v<■' tot vl:<>
Blood Bank. Crop Crew, Motor
Jorps, Salvage, and many other di
•usions of the Stanford War Board
iffd posters, Dorothy Taggart. pos
er committee eh: irman, nnounced
v<■' tot vl:<>
Blood Bank. Crop Crew, Motor
Jorps, Salvage, and many other di
•usions of the Stanford War Board
iffd posters, Dorothy Taggart. pos
er committee eh: irman, nnounced
v<■' tot vl:<>
Blood Bank. Crop Crew, Motor
Jorps, Salvage, and many other di
•usions of the Stanford War Board
iffd posters, Dorothy Taggart. pos
er committee eh: irman, nnounced
v<■' tot vl:<>
Blood Bank. Crop Crew, Motor
Jorps, Salvage, and many other di
•usions of the Stanford War Board
iffd posters, Dorothy Taggart. pos
er committee eh: irman, nnounced
v<■' tot vl:<>
Blood Bank. Crop Crew, Motor
Jorps, Salvage, and many other di
•usions of the Stanford War Board
iffd posters, Dorothy Taggart. pos
er committee eh: irman, nnounced
v<■' tot vl:<>
Blood Bank. Crop Crew, Motor
Jorps, Salvage, and many other di
•usions of the Stanford War Board
iffd posters, Dorothy Taggart. pos
er committee eh: irman, nnounced
v<■' tot vl:<>
Blood Bank. Crop Crew, Motor
Jorps, Salvage, and many other di
•usions of the Stanford War Board
iffd posters, Dorothy Taggart. pos
er committee eh: irman, nnounced
v<■' tot vl:<>
Blood Bank. Crop Crew, Motor
Jorps, Salvage, and many other di
•usions of the Stanford War Board
iffd posters, Dorothy Taggart. pos
er committee eh: irman, nnounced
v<■' tot vl:<>
