# Professor Gray Writes On Shakesperian Play
## 
### 
An .article, "Sources of the Tempest,"
a work of original research recently
published by Professor Gray in Modern
Language Notes, has called forth much
favorable comment among scholars. W.
J. Lawrence, one of the foremost
Shakespearian scholars, in a two-column
review in the London Times declares
that by this work Professor Gray had
arrived at the solution of a problem
which had hitherto completely baffled
research students.
An .article, "Sources of the Tempest,"
a work of original research recently
published by Professor Gray in Modern
Language Notes, has called forth much
favorable comment among scholars. W.
J. Lawrence, one of the foremost
Shakespearian scholars, in a two-column
review in the London Times declares
that by this work Professor Gray had
arrived at the solution of a problem
which had hitherto completely baffled
research students.
An .article, "Sources of the Tempest,"
a work of original research recently
published by Professor Gray in Modern
Language Notes, has called forth much
favorable comment among scholars. W.
J. Lawrence, one of the foremost
Shakespearian scholars, in a two-column
review in the London Times declares
that by this work Professor Gray had
arrived at the solution of a problem
which had hitherto completely baffled
research students.
An .article, "Sources of the Tempest,"
a work of original research recently
published by Professor Gray in Modern
Language Notes, has called forth much
favorable comment among scholars. W.
J. Lawrence, one of the foremost
Shakespearian scholars, in a two-column
review in the London Times declares
that by this work Professor Gray had
arrived at the solution of a problem
which had hitherto completely baffled
research students.
An .article, "Sources of the Tempest,"
a work of original research recently
published by Professor Gray in Modern
Language Notes, has called forth much
favorable comment among scholars. W.
J. Lawrence, one of the foremost
Shakespearian scholars, in a two-column
review in the London Times declares
that by this work Professor Gray had
arrived at the solution of a problem
which had hitherto completely baffled
research students.
An .article, "Sources of the Tempest,"
a work of original research recently
published by Professor Gray in Modern
Language Notes, has called forth much
favorable comment among scholars. W.
J. Lawrence, one of the foremost
Shakespearian scholars, in a two-column
review in the London Times declares
that by this work Professor Gray had
arrived at the solution of a problem
which had hitherto completely baffled
research students.
An .article, "Sources of the Tempest,"
a work of original research recently
published by Professor Gray in Modern
Language Notes, has called forth much
favorable comment among scholars. W.
J. Lawrence, one of the foremost
Shakespearian scholars, in a two-column
review in the London Times declares
that by this work Professor Gray had
arrived at the solution of a problem
which had hitherto completely baffled
research students.
An .article, "Sources of the Tempest,"
a work of original research recently
published by Professor Gray in Modern
Language Notes, has called forth much
favorable comment among scholars. W.
J. Lawrence, one of the foremost
Shakespearian scholars, in a two-column
review in the London Times declares
that by this work Professor Gray had
arrived at the solution of a problem
which had hitherto completely baffled
research students.
An .article, "Sources of the Tempest,"
a work of original research recently
published by Professor Gray in Modern
Language Notes, has called forth much
favorable comment among scholars. W.
J. Lawrence, one of the foremost
Shakespearian scholars, in a two-column
review in the London Times declares
that by this work Professor Gray had
arrived at the solution of a problem
which had hitherto completely baffled
research students.
An .article, "Sources of the Tempest,"
a work of original research recently
published by Professor Gray in Modern
Language Notes, has called forth much
favorable comment among scholars. W.
J. Lawrence, one of the foremost
Shakespearian scholars, in a two-column
review in the London Times declares
that by this work Professor Gray had
arrived at the solution of a problem
which had hitherto completely baffled
research students.
An .article, "Sources of the Tempest,"
a work of original research recently
published by Professor Gray in Modern
Language Notes, has called forth much
favorable comment among scholars. W.
J. Lawrence, one of the foremost
Shakespearian scholars, in a two-column
review in the London Times declares
that by this work Professor Gray had
arrived at the solution of a problem
which had hitherto completely baffled
research students.
An .article, "Sources of the Tempest,"
a work of original research recently
published by Professor Gray in Modern
Language Notes, has called forth much
favorable comment among scholars. W.
J. Lawrence, one of the foremost
Shakespearian scholars, in a two-column
review in the London Times declares
that by this work Professor Gray had
arrived at the solution of a problem
which had hitherto completely baffled
research students.
An .article, "Sources of the Tempest,"
a work of original research recently
published by Professor Gray in Modern
Language Notes, has called forth much
favorable comment among scholars. W.
J. Lawrence, one of the foremost
Shakespearian scholars, in a two-column
review in the London Times declares
that by this work Professor Gray had
arrived at the solution of a problem
which had hitherto completely baffled
research students.
