# EQUITATION CLASSES TO INSTRUCT WOMEN IN STANFORD MILITARY
## 
### 
To clear up any possible misunder
standing which might have arisen from
the announcement that an equitation
class for women was to be held this
quarter, the following statement con
cerning its origin and purpose has been
given out by the military department:
"The purpose of the equitation class
which is being offered to Stanford up
per class women is primarily to interest
them in the splendid Field Artillery Re
serve Officers' Training Corps unit pos
sessed by the University. It was appre
ciated by Major Collins, when extend
ing to the girls the privilege of this
instruction, that their interest and ac
tive support were not only proper and
desirable but an added assurance of the
success of military training. Women
have equal rights and responsibilities
with men in running the affairs of our
country. Why should they not take a
vital interest in the work the men arc
doing in fitting themselves for better cit
izenship and to guarantee the safety of
our country- All true American wom
en showed in the World War what
powerful assistants they could be, and
they can be no less powerful in peace
time patriotism.
<"Thc women taking equitation (in
struction do so as guests of the Field
Artillery. The physical education de
partment was asked to arrange for reg
istration so that the class might be
equally chosen and the members might
receive college credit. It is regretted
that all who desired to do so could not
join the class, but there had to be *
limit to the number, as Major Collins
was able to devote only a limited amount
of time to this activity. Succeeding
quarters will give others their oppor
tunity.
