# LEATHER BOUND QUAD 10 BE HUMOR PRIZE
## Two Copies Will Go to Men or Women Who Contribute Best Razz for Josh Section. 
### 
Two leather bound Quads will be
printed by the Class jof 1922. The
two leather copies will go neither to
the editor or manager or anyone con
nected with the Quad, but are. reserv
ed as dual prizes for the campus car
toonists and humorists.
The cleverest series of cartoons
razzing fraternities, sororities and
other living groups will be awarded
one of the leather bound volumes,
Editor Ross Fisher announces. The
living group razz has come to be one
of the most prominent features of the
Junior Yearbook, and Fisher ptans a
razz for the next Quad the equal of
any of the cartoon series which have
appeared in previous Quads. Though
the general plan of past razz will be
followed, the 1922 razz promises to
treat the living groups from an unique
angle.
More latitude will be allowed the
contestants for the second prize. Not
only cartoons but a humorous sketch
of any nature on an organization or
individual will be considered by the
Quad Board. Any subject from Count
Tagawa to the Stanford Bookstore
will be permissable, Fisher advises,
and the razz may take the form of a
cartoon, sketh or a series of jokes.
The danger line of February 15 has
been set by the Quad Editor before
which all contestants must hand in
their copy.
Tomorrow afternoon at 2:30 the
members of the Quad staff and the
tryoutees for the editorship of the
1923 Quad will meet in Fisher's of
fice in the Administration Building
to discuss plans for the coming quar
ter. All tryoutees are requested to
turn in the assignments given them
before Christmas.
Two leather bound Quads will be
printed by the Class jof 1922. The
two leather copies will go neither to
the editor or manager or anyone con
nected with the Quad, but are. reserv
ed as dual prizes for the campus car
toonists and humorists.
The cleverest series of cartoons
razzing fraternities, sororities and
other living groups will be awarded
one of the leather bound volumes,
Editor Ross Fisher announces. The
living group razz has come to be one
of the most prominent features of the
Junior Yearbook, and Fisher ptans a
razz for the next Quad the equal of
any of the cartoon series which have
appeared in previous Quads. Though
the general plan of past razz will be
followed, the 1922 razz promises to
treat the living groups from an unique
angle.
More latitude will be allowed the
contestants for the second prize. Not
only cartoons but a humorous sketch
of any nature on an organization or
individual will be considered by the
Quad Board. Any subject from Count
Tagawa to the Stanford Bookstore
will be permissable, Fisher advises,
and the razz may take the form of a
cartoon, sketh or a series of jokes.
The danger line of February 15 has
been set by the Quad Editor before
which all contestants must hand in
their copy.
Tomorrow afternoon at 2:30 the
members of the Quad staff and the
tryoutees for the editorship of the
1923 Quad will meet in Fisher's of
fice in the Administration Building
to discuss plans for the coming quar
ter. All tryoutees are requested to
turn in the assignments given them
before Christmas.
Two leather bound Quads will be
printed by the Class jof 1922. The
two leather copies will go neither to
the editor or manager or anyone con
nected with the Quad, but are. reserv
ed as dual prizes for the campus car
toonists and humorists.
The cleverest series of cartoons
razzing fraternities, sororities and
other living groups will be awarded
one of the leather bound volumes,
Editor Ross Fisher announces. The
living group razz has come to be one
of the most prominent features of the
Junior Yearbook, and Fisher ptans a
razz for the next Quad the equal of
any of the cartoon series which have
appeared in previous Quads. Though
the general plan of past razz will be
followed, the 1922 razz promises to
treat the living groups from an unique
angle.
More latitude will be allowed the
contestants for the second prize. Not
only cartoons but a humorous sketch
of any nature on an organization or
individual will be considered by the
Quad Board. Any subject from Count
Tagawa to the Stanford Bookstore
will be permissable, Fisher advises,
and the razz may take the form of a
cartoon, sketh or a series of jokes.
The danger line of February 15 has
been set by the Quad Editor before
which all contestants must hand in
their copy.
Tomorrow afternoon at 2:30 the
members of the Quad staff and the
tryoutees for the editorship of the
1923 Quad will meet in Fisher's of
fice in the Administration Building
to discuss plans for the coming quar
ter. All tryoutees are requested to
turn in the assignments given them
before Christmas.
Two leather bound Quads will be
printed by the Class jof 1922. The
two leather copies will go neither to
the editor or manager or anyone con
nected with the Quad, but are. reserv
ed as dual prizes for the campus car
toonists and humorists.
The cleverest series of cartoons
razzing fraternities, sororities and
other living groups will be awarded
one of the leather bound volumes,
Editor Ross Fisher announces. The
living group razz has come to be one
of the most prominent features of the
Junior Yearbook, and Fisher ptans a
razz for the next Quad the equal of
any of the cartoon series which have
appeared in previous Quads. Though
the general plan of past razz will be
followed, the 1922 razz promises to
treat the living groups from an unique
angle.
More latitude will be allowed the
contestants for the second prize. Not
only cartoons but a humorous sketch
of any nature on an organization or
individual will be considered by the
Quad Board. Any subject from Count
Tagawa to the Stanford Bookstore
will be permissable, Fisher advises,
and the razz may take the form of a
cartoon, sketh or a series of jokes.
The danger line of February 15 has
been set by the Quad Editor before
which all contestants must hand in
their copy.
Tomorrow afternoon at 2:30 the
members of the Quad staff and the
tryoutees for the editorship of the
1923 Quad will meet in Fisher's of
fice in the Administration Building
to discuss plans for the coming quar
ter. All tryoutees are requested to
turn in the assignments given them
before Christmas.
Two leather bound Quads will be
printed by the Class jof 1922. The
two leather copies will go neither to
the editor or manager or anyone con
nected with the Quad, but are. reserv
ed as dual prizes for the campus car
toonists and humorists.
The cleverest series of cartoons
razzing fraternities, sororities and
other living groups will be awarded
one of the leather bound volumes,
Editor Ross Fisher announces. The
living group razz has come to be one
of the most prominent features of the
Junior Yearbook, and Fisher ptans a
razz for the next Quad the equal of
any of the cartoon series which have
appeared in previous Quads. Though
the general plan of past razz will be
followed, the 1922 razz promises to
treat the living groups from an unique
angle.
More latitude will be allowed the
contestants for the second prize. Not
only cartoons but a humorous sketch
of any nature on an organization or
individual will be considered by the
Quad Board. Any subject from Count
Tagawa to the Stanford Bookstore
will be permissable, Fisher advises,
and the razz may take the form of a
cartoon, sketh or a series of jokes.
The danger line of February 15 has
been set by the Quad Editor before
which all contestants must hand in
their copy.
Tomorrow afternoon at 2:30 the
members of the Quad staff and the
tryoutees for the editorship of the
1923 Quad will meet in Fisher's of
fice in the Administration Building
to discuss plans for the coming quar
ter. All tryoutees are requested to
turn in the assignments given them
before Christmas.
Two leather bound Quads will be
printed by the Class jof 1922. The
two leather copies will go neither to
the editor or manager or anyone con
nected with the Quad, but are. reserv
ed as dual prizes for the campus car
toonists and humorists.
The cleverest series of cartoons
razzing fraternities, sororities and
other living groups will be awarded
one of the leather bound volumes,
Editor Ross Fisher announces. The
living group razz has come to be one
of the most prominent features of the
Junior Yearbook, and Fisher ptans a
razz for the next Quad the equal of
any of the cartoon series which have
appeared in previous Quads. Though
the general plan of past razz will be
followed, the 1922 razz promises to
treat the living groups from an unique
angle.
More latitude will be allowed the
contestants for the second prize. Not
only cartoons but a humorous sketch
of any nature on an organization or
individual will be considered by the
Quad Board. Any subject from Count
Tagawa to the Stanford Bookstore
will be permissable, Fisher advises,
and the razz may take the form of a
cartoon, sketh or a series of jokes.
The danger line of February 15 has
been set by the Quad Editor before
which all contestants must hand in
their copy.
Tomorrow afternoon at 2:30 the
members of the Quad staff and the
tryoutees for the editorship of the
1923 Quad will meet in Fisher's of
fice in the Administration Building
to discuss plans for the coming quar
ter. All tryoutees are requested to
turn in the assignments given them
before Christmas.
Two leather bound Quads will be
printed by the Class jof 1922. The
two leather copies will go neither to
the editor or manager or anyone con
nected with the Quad, but are. reserv
ed as dual prizes for the campus car
toonists and humorists.
The cleverest series of cartoons
razzing fraternities, sororities and
other living groups will be awarded
one of the leather bound volumes,
Editor Ross Fisher announces. The
living group razz has come to be one
of the most prominent features of the
Junior Yearbook, and Fisher ptans a
razz for the next Quad the equal of
any of the cartoon series which have
appeared in previous Quads. Though
the general plan of past razz will be
followed, the 1922 razz promises to
treat the living groups from an unique
angle.
More latitude will be allowed the
contestants for the second prize. Not
only cartoons but a humorous sketch
of any nature on an organization or
individual will be considered by the
Quad Board. Any subject from Count
Tagawa to the Stanford Bookstore
will be permissable, Fisher advises,
and the razz may take the form of a
cartoon, sketh or a series of jokes.
The danger line of February 15 has
been set by the Quad Editor before
which all contestants must hand in
their copy.
Tomorrow afternoon at 2:30 the
members of the Quad staff and the
tryoutees for the editorship of the
1923 Quad will meet in Fisher's of
fice in the Administration Building
to discuss plans for the coming quar
ter. All tryoutees are requested to
turn in the assignments given them
before Christmas.
Two leather bound Quads will be
printed by the Class jof 1922. The
two leather copies will go neither to
the editor or manager or anyone con
nected with the Quad, but are. reserv
ed as dual prizes for the campus car
toonists and humorists.
The cleverest series of cartoons
razzing fraternities, sororities and
other living groups will be awarded
one of the leather bound volumes,
Editor Ross Fisher announces. The
living group razz has come to be one
of the most prominent features of the
Junior Yearbook, and Fisher ptans a
razz for the next Quad the equal of
any of the cartoon series which have
appeared in previous Quads. Though
the general plan of past razz will be
followed, the 1922 razz promises to
treat the living groups from an unique
angle.
More latitude will be allowed the
contestants for the second prize. Not
only cartoons but a humorous sketch
of any nature on an organization or
individual will be considered by the
Quad Board. Any subject from Count
Tagawa to the Stanford Bookstore
will be permissable, Fisher advises,
and the razz may take the form of a
cartoon, sketh or a series of jokes.
The danger line of February 15 has
been set by the Quad Editor before
which all contestants must hand in
their copy.
Tomorrow afternoon at 2:30 the
members of the Quad staff and the
tryoutees for the editorship of the
1923 Quad will meet in Fisher's of
fice in the Administration Building
to discuss plans for the coming quar
ter. All tryoutees are requested to
turn in the assignments given them
before Christmas.
Two leather bound Quads will be
printed by the Class jof 1922. The
two leather copies will go neither to
the editor or manager or anyone con
nected with the Quad, but are. reserv
ed as dual prizes for the campus car
toonists and humorists.
The cleverest series of cartoons
razzing fraternities, sororities and
other living groups will be awarded
one of the leather bound volumes,
Editor Ross Fisher announces. The
living group razz has come to be one
of the most prominent features of the
Junior Yearbook, and Fisher ptans a
razz for the next Quad the equal of
any of the cartoon series which have
appeared in previous Quads. Though
the general plan of past razz will be
followed, the 1922 razz promises to
treat the living groups from an unique
angle.
More latitude will be allowed the
contestants for the second prize. Not
only cartoons but a humorous sketch
of any nature on an organization or
individual will be considered by the
Quad Board. Any subject from Count
Tagawa to the Stanford Bookstore
will be permissable, Fisher advises,
and the razz may take the form of a
cartoon, sketh or a series of jokes.
The danger line of February 15 has
been set by the Quad Editor before
which all contestants must hand in
their copy.
Tomorrow afternoon at 2:30 the
members of the Quad staff and the
tryoutees for the editorship of the
1923 Quad will meet in Fisher's of
fice in the Administration Building
to discuss plans for the coming quar
ter. All tryoutees are requested to
turn in the assignments given them
before Christmas.
Two leather bound Quads will be
printed by the Class jof 1922. The
two leather copies will go neither to
the editor or manager or anyone con
nected with the Quad, but are. reserv
ed as dual prizes for the campus car
toonists and humorists.
The cleverest series of cartoons
razzing fraternities, sororities and
other living groups will be awarded
one of the leather bound volumes,
Editor Ross Fisher announces. The
living group razz has come to be one
of the most prominent features of the
Junior Yearbook, and Fisher ptans a
razz for the next Quad the equal of
any of the cartoon series which have
appeared in previous Quads. Though
the general plan of past razz will be
followed, the 1922 razz promises to
treat the living groups from an unique
angle.
More latitude will be allowed the
contestants for the second prize. Not
only cartoons but a humorous sketch
of any nature on an organization or
individual will be considered by the
Quad Board. Any subject from Count
Tagawa to the Stanford Bookstore
will be permissable, Fisher advises,
and the razz may take the form of a
cartoon, sketh or a series of jokes.
The danger line of February 15 has
been set by the Quad Editor before
which all contestants must hand in
their copy.
Tomorrow afternoon at 2:30 the
members of the Quad staff and the
tryoutees for the editorship of the
1923 Quad will meet in Fisher's of
fice in the Administration Building
to discuss plans for the coming quar
ter. All tryoutees are requested to
turn in the assignments given them
before Christmas.
Two leather bound Quads will be
printed by the Class jof 1922. The
two leather copies will go neither to
the editor or manager or anyone con
nected with the Quad, but are. reserv
ed as dual prizes for the campus car
toonists and humorists.
The cleverest series of cartoons
razzing fraternities, sororities and
other living groups will be awarded
one of the leather bound volumes,
Editor Ross Fisher announces. The
living group razz has come to be one
of the most prominent features of the
Junior Yearbook, and Fisher ptans a
razz for the next Quad the equal of
any of the cartoon series which have
appeared in previous Quads. Though
the general plan of past razz will be
followed, the 1922 razz promises to
treat the living groups from an unique
angle.
More latitude will be allowed the
contestants for the second prize. Not
only cartoons but a humorous sketch
of any nature on an organization or
individual will be considered by the
Quad Board. Any subject from Count
Tagawa to the Stanford Bookstore
will be permissable, Fisher advises,
and the razz may take the form of a
cartoon, sketh or a series of jokes.
The danger line of February 15 has
been set by the Quad Editor before
which all contestants must hand in
their copy.
Tomorrow afternoon at 2:30 the
members of the Quad staff and the
tryoutees for the editorship of the
1923 Quad will meet in Fisher's of
fice in the Administration Building
to discuss plans for the coming quar
ter. All tryoutees are requested to
turn in the assignments given them
before Christmas.
Two leather bound Quads will be
printed by the Class jof 1922. The
two leather copies will go neither to
the editor or manager or anyone con
nected with the Quad, but are. reserv
ed as dual prizes for the campus car
toonists and humorists.
The cleverest series of cartoons
razzing fraternities, sororities and
other living groups will be awarded
one of the leather bound volumes,
Editor Ross Fisher announces. The
living group razz has come to be one
of the most prominent features of the
Junior Yearbook, and Fisher ptans a
razz for the next Quad the equal of
any of the cartoon series which have
appeared in previous Quads. Though
the general plan of past razz will be
followed, the 1922 razz promises to
treat the living groups from an unique
angle.
More latitude will be allowed the
contestants for the second prize. Not
only cartoons but a humorous sketch
of any nature on an organization or
individual will be considered by the
Quad Board. Any subject from Count
Tagawa to the Stanford Bookstore
will be permissable, Fisher advises,
and the razz may take the form of a
cartoon, sketh or a series of jokes.
The danger line of February 15 has
been set by the Quad Editor before
which all contestants must hand in
their copy.
Tomorrow afternoon at 2:30 the
members of the Quad staff and the
tryoutees for the editorship of the
1923 Quad will meet in Fisher's of
fice in the Administration Building
to discuss plans for the coming quar
ter. All tryoutees are requested to
turn in the assignments given them
before Christmas.
Two leather bound Quads will be
printed by the Class jof 1922. The
two leather copies will go neither to
the editor or manager or anyone con
nected with the Quad, but are. reserv
ed as dual prizes for the campus car
toonists and humorists.
The cleverest series of cartoons
razzing fraternities, sororities and
other living groups will be awarded
one of the leather bound volumes,
Editor Ross Fisher announces. The
living group razz has come to be one
of the most prominent features of the
Junior Yearbook, and Fisher ptans a
razz for the next Quad the equal of
any of the cartoon series which have
appeared in previous Quads. Though
the general plan of past razz will be
followed, the 1922 razz promises to
treat the living groups from an unique
angle.
More latitude will be allowed the
contestants for the second prize. Not
only cartoons but a humorous sketch
of any nature on an organization or
individual will be considered by the
Quad Board. Any subject from Count
Tagawa to the Stanford Bookstore
will be permissable, Fisher advises,
and the razz may take the form of a
cartoon, sketh or a series of jokes.
The danger line of February 15 has
been set by the Quad Editor before
which all contestants must hand in
their copy.
Tomorrow afternoon at 2:30 the
members of the Quad staff and the
tryoutees for the editorship of the
1923 Quad will meet in Fisher's of
fice in the Administration Building
to discuss plans for the coming quar
ter. All tryoutees are requested to
turn in the assignments given them
before Christmas.
