# Junk Collectors Continue Today
## 
### 
"Salvage for Victory" collections
continue tod;:y with the Peninsula
Sanitary Company, which replaces
student collectors, picking up sal
vageable material from fraternities
and halls today.
"Salvage of useable materials will
become increasingly valuable as the
war progresses," emphasizes Ed Por
ter, drive chairman. "With very
little trouble, representatives and
members of living groups can do
their part in the drive."
All paper should be put in the
gunny sack arrangement now in the
alleys of most living groups, while
rags, metal, rubber, and unbroken
glass bottles should be placed in
containers near by. Clothes which
can be used should be saved for a
later collection.
"Salvage for Victory" collections
continue tod;:y with the Peninsula
Sanitary Company, which replaces
student collectors, picking up sal
vageable material from fraternities
and halls today.
"Salvage of useable materials will
become increasingly valuable as the
war progresses," emphasizes Ed Por
ter, drive chairman. "With very
little trouble, representatives and
members of living groups can do
their part in the drive."
All paper should be put in the
gunny sack arrangement now in the
alleys of most living groups, while
rags, metal, rubber, and unbroken
glass bottles should be placed in
containers near by. Clothes which
can be used should be saved for a
later collection.
"Salvage for Victory" collections
continue tod;:y with the Peninsula
Sanitary Company, which replaces
student collectors, picking up sal
vageable material from fraternities
and halls today.
"Salvage of useable materials will
become increasingly valuable as the
war progresses," emphasizes Ed Por
ter, drive chairman. "With very
little trouble, representatives and
members of living groups can do
their part in the drive."
All paper should be put in the
gunny sack arrangement now in the
alleys of most living groups, while
rags, metal, rubber, and unbroken
glass bottles should be placed in
containers near by. Clothes which
can be used should be saved for a
later collection.
"Salvage for Victory" collections
continue tod;:y with the Peninsula
Sanitary Company, which replaces
student collectors, picking up sal
vageable material from fraternities
and halls today.
"Salvage of useable materials will
become increasingly valuable as the
war progresses," emphasizes Ed Por
ter, drive chairman. "With very
little trouble, representatives and
members of living groups can do
their part in the drive."
All paper should be put in the
gunny sack arrangement now in the
alleys of most living groups, while
rags, metal, rubber, and unbroken
glass bottles should be placed in
containers near by. Clothes which
can be used should be saved for a
later collection.
"Salvage for Victory" collections
continue tod;:y with the Peninsula
Sanitary Company, which replaces
student collectors, picking up sal
vageable material from fraternities
and halls today.
"Salvage of useable materials will
become increasingly valuable as the
war progresses," emphasizes Ed Por
ter, drive chairman. "With very
little trouble, representatives and
members of living groups can do
their part in the drive."
All paper should be put in the
gunny sack arrangement now in the
alleys of most living groups, while
rags, metal, rubber, and unbroken
glass bottles should be placed in
containers near by. Clothes which
can be used should be saved for a
later collection.
"Salvage for Victory" collections
continue tod;:y with the Peninsula
Sanitary Company, which replaces
student collectors, picking up sal
vageable material from fraternities
and halls today.
"Salvage of useable materials will
become increasingly valuable as the
war progresses," emphasizes Ed Por
ter, drive chairman. "With very
little trouble, representatives and
members of living groups can do
their part in the drive."
All paper should be put in the
gunny sack arrangement now in the
alleys of most living groups, while
rags, metal, rubber, and unbroken
glass bottles should be placed in
containers near by. Clothes which
can be used should be saved for a
later collection.
"Salvage for Victory" collections
continue tod;:y with the Peninsula
Sanitary Company, which replaces
student collectors, picking up sal
vageable material from fraternities
and halls today.
"Salvage of useable materials will
become increasingly valuable as the
war progresses," emphasizes Ed Por
ter, drive chairman. "With very
little trouble, representatives and
members of living groups can do
their part in the drive."
All paper should be put in the
gunny sack arrangement now in the
alleys of most living groups, while
rags, metal, rubber, and unbroken
glass bottles should be placed in
containers near by. Clothes which
can be used should be saved for a
later collection.
"Salvage for Victory" collections
continue tod;:y with the Peninsula
Sanitary Company, which replaces
student collectors, picking up sal
vageable material from fraternities
and halls today.
"Salvage of useable materials will
become increasingly valuable as the
war progresses," emphasizes Ed Por
ter, drive chairman. "With very
little trouble, representatives and
members of living groups can do
their part in the drive."
All paper should be put in the
gunny sack arrangement now in the
alleys of most living groups, while
rags, metal, rubber, and unbroken
glass bottles should be placed in
containers near by. Clothes which
can be used should be saved for a
later collection.
"Salvage for Victory" collections
continue tod;:y with the Peninsula
Sanitary Company, which replaces
student collectors, picking up sal
vageable material from fraternities
and halls today.
"Salvage of useable materials will
become increasingly valuable as the
war progresses," emphasizes Ed Por
ter, drive chairman. "With very
little trouble, representatives and
members of living groups can do
their part in the drive."
All paper should be put in the
gunny sack arrangement now in the
alleys of most living groups, while
rags, metal, rubber, and unbroken
glass bottles should be placed in
containers near by. Clothes which
can be used should be saved for a
later collection.
"Salvage for Victory" collections
continue tod;:y with the Peninsula
Sanitary Company, which replaces
student collectors, picking up sal
vageable material from fraternities
and halls today.
"Salvage of useable materials will
become increasingly valuable as the
war progresses," emphasizes Ed Por
ter, drive chairman. "With very
little trouble, representatives and
members of living groups can do
their part in the drive."
All paper should be put in the
gunny sack arrangement now in the
alleys of most living groups, while
rags, metal, rubber, and unbroken
glass bottles should be placed in
containers near by. Clothes which
can be used should be saved for a
later collection.
"Salvage for Victory" collections
continue tod;:y with the Peninsula
Sanitary Company, which replaces
student collectors, picking up sal
vageable material from fraternities
and halls today.
"Salvage of useable materials will
become increasingly valuable as the
war progresses," emphasizes Ed Por
ter, drive chairman. "With very
little trouble, representatives and
members of living groups can do
their part in the drive."
All paper should be put in the
gunny sack arrangement now in the
alleys of most living groups, while
rags, metal, rubber, and unbroken
glass bottles should be placed in
containers near by. Clothes which
can be used should be saved for a
later collection.
"Salvage for Victory" collections
continue tod;:y with the Peninsula
Sanitary Company, which replaces
student collectors, picking up sal
vageable material from fraternities
and halls today.
"Salvage of useable materials will
become increasingly valuable as the
war progresses," emphasizes Ed Por
ter, drive chairman. "With very
little trouble, representatives and
members of living groups can do
their part in the drive."
All paper should be put in the
gunny sack arrangement now in the
alleys of most living groups, while
rags, metal, rubber, and unbroken
glass bottles should be placed in
containers near by. Clothes which
can be used should be saved for a
later collection.
"Salvage for Victory" collections
continue tod;:y with the Peninsula
Sanitary Company, which replaces
student collectors, picking up sal
vageable material from fraternities
and halls today.
"Salvage of useable materials will
become increasingly valuable as the
war progresses," emphasizes Ed Por
ter, drive chairman. "With very
little trouble, representatives and
members of living groups can do
their part in the drive."
All paper should be put in the
gunny sack arrangement now in the
alleys of most living groups, while
rags, metal, rubber, and unbroken
glass bottles should be placed in
containers near by. Clothes which
can be used should be saved for a
later collection.
"Salvage for Victory" collections
continue tod;:y with the Peninsula
Sanitary Company, which replaces
student collectors, picking up sal
vageable material from fraternities
and halls today.
"Salvage of useable materials will
become increasingly valuable as the
war progresses," emphasizes Ed Por
ter, drive chairman. "With very
little trouble, representatives and
members of living groups can do
their part in the drive."
All paper should be put in the
gunny sack arrangement now in the
alleys of most living groups, while
rags, metal, rubber, and unbroken
glass bottles should be placed in
containers near by. Clothes which
can be used should be saved for a
later collection.
"Salvage for Victory" collections
continue tod;:y with the Peninsula
Sanitary Company, which replaces
student collectors, picking up sal
vageable material from fraternities
and halls today.
"Salvage of useable materials will
become increasingly valuable as the
war progresses," emphasizes Ed Por
ter, drive chairman. "With very
little trouble, representatives and
members of living groups can do
their part in the drive."
All paper should be put in the
gunny sack arrangement now in the
alleys of most living groups, while
rags, metal, rubber, and unbroken
glass bottles should be placed in
containers near by. Clothes which
can be used should be saved for a
later collection.
"Salvage for Victory" collections
continue tod;:y with the Peninsula
Sanitary Company, which replaces
student collectors, picking up sal
vageable material from fraternities
and halls today.
"Salvage of useable materials will
become increasingly valuable as the
war progresses," emphasizes Ed Por
ter, drive chairman. "With very
little trouble, representatives and
members of living groups can do
their part in the drive."
All paper should be put in the
gunny sack arrangement now in the
alleys of most living groups, while
rags, metal, rubber, and unbroken
glass bottles should be placed in
containers near by. Clothes which
can be used should be saved for a
later collection.
"Salvage for Victory" collections
continue tod;:y with the Peninsula
Sanitary Company, which replaces
student collectors, picking up sal
vageable material from fraternities
and halls today.
"Salvage of useable materials will
become increasingly valuable as the
war progresses," emphasizes Ed Por
ter, drive chairman. "With very
little trouble, representatives and
members of living groups can do
their part in the drive."
All paper should be put in the
gunny sack arrangement now in the
alleys of most living groups, while
rags, metal, rubber, and unbroken
glass bottles should be placed in
containers near by. Clothes which
can be used should be saved for a
later collection.
"Salvage for Victory" collections
continue tod;:y with the Peninsula
Sanitary Company, which replaces
student collectors, picking up sal
vageable material from fraternities
and halls today.
"Salvage of useable materials will
become increasingly valuable as the
war progresses," emphasizes Ed Por
ter, drive chairman. "With very
little trouble, representatives and
members of living groups can do
their part in the drive."
All paper should be put in the
gunny sack arrangement now in the
alleys of most living groups, while
rags, metal, rubber, and unbroken
glass bottles should be placed in
containers near by. Clothes which
can be used should be saved for a
later collection.
