# Editor Daily Palo Alto:
## 
### 
Hy what right is an additional charge
made on prepaid packages sent by
Wells, Fargo & Co.'s express when de
livered at the office on the campus?
When the consignor expresses to the
consignee at Stanford University the
agent at the place of sending receives
pay for the transportation to the place
of delivery. Why, then, is the extra
charge tacked on '( C.N.
[The express office on the campus is
only a branch of the regular express
office at Menlo Park. Tr.e additional
charge, so the agent here informs us,
is made in accordance with the regula
tions of the company, in order to sup
port the delivery system. Still, we do
not see the justice of the charge any
more than we would if the Menlo Park
were considered simply a branch of the
San Francisco (ffice, and charges im
posed accordingly.—Editor.]
Hy what right is an additional charge
made on prepaid packages sent by
Wells, Fargo & Co.'s express when de
livered at the office on the campus?
When the consignor expresses to the
consignee at Stanford University the
agent at the place of sending receives
pay for the transportation to the place
of delivery. Why, then, is the extra
charge tacked on '( C.N.
[The express office on the campus is
only a branch of the regular express
office at Menlo Park. Tr.e additional
charge, so the agent here informs us,
is made in accordance with the regula
tions of the company, in order to sup
port the delivery system. Still, we do
not see the justice of the charge any
more than we would if the Menlo Park
were considered simply a branch of the
San Francisco (ffice, and charges im
posed accordingly.—Editor.]
