# Stuart to Give Talk On Russia at Idaho U.
## 
### 
Graham H. Stuart, Stanford po
litical science professor, will give
an address on Russian - American
relations tomorrow at the Uni
versity of Idaho. The speech is to
be in connection with the Borah
Foundation conference on the causes
of war.
Dr. Stuart will also attend the
American Society for International
Law conference in Washington,
April 26-30. He is a member of the
society's committees on nomination
and on State Department publica
tions.
Graham H. Stuart, Stanford po
litical science professor, will give
an address on Russian - American
relations tomorrow at the Uni
versity of Idaho. The speech is to
be in connection with the Borah
Foundation conference on the causes
of war.
Dr. Stuart will also attend the
American Society for International
Law conference in Washington,
April 26-30. He is a member of the
society's committees on nomination
and on State Department publica
tions.
Graham H. Stuart, Stanford po
litical science professor, will give
an address on Russian - American
relations tomorrow at the Uni
versity of Idaho. The speech is to
be in connection with the Borah
Foundation conference on the causes
of war.
Dr. Stuart will also attend the
American Society for International
Law conference in Washington,
April 26-30. He is a member of the
society's committees on nomination
and on State Department publica
tions.
Graham H. Stuart, Stanford po
litical science professor, will give
an address on Russian - American
relations tomorrow at the Uni
versity of Idaho. The speech is to
be in connection with the Borah
Foundation conference on the causes
of war.
Dr. Stuart will also attend the
American Society for International
Law conference in Washington,
April 26-30. He is a member of the
society's committees on nomination
and on State Department publica
tions.
Graham H. Stuart, Stanford po
litical science professor, will give
an address on Russian - American
relations tomorrow at the Uni
versity of Idaho. The speech is to
be in connection with the Borah
Foundation conference on the causes
of war.
Dr. Stuart will also attend the
American Society for International
Law conference in Washington,
April 26-30. He is a member of the
society's committees on nomination
and on State Department publica
tions.
Graham H. Stuart, Stanford po
litical science professor, will give
an address on Russian - American
relations tomorrow at the Uni
versity of Idaho. The speech is to
be in connection with the Borah
Foundation conference on the causes
of war.
Dr. Stuart will also attend the
American Society for International
Law conference in Washington,
April 26-30. He is a member of the
society's committees on nomination
and on State Department publica
tions.
Graham H. Stuart, Stanford po
litical science professor, will give
an address on Russian - American
relations tomorrow at the Uni
versity of Idaho. The speech is to
be in connection with the Borah
Foundation conference on the causes
of war.
Dr. Stuart will also attend the
American Society for International
Law conference in Washington,
April 26-30. He is a member of the
society's committees on nomination
and on State Department publica
tions.
Graham H. Stuart, Stanford po
litical science professor, will give
an address on Russian - American
relations tomorrow at the Uni
versity of Idaho. The speech is to
be in connection with the Borah
Foundation conference on the causes
of war.
Dr. Stuart will also attend the
American Society for International
Law conference in Washington,
April 26-30. He is a member of the
society's committees on nomination
and on State Department publica
tions.
Graham H. Stuart, Stanford po
litical science professor, will give
an address on Russian - American
relations tomorrow at the Uni
versity of Idaho. The speech is to
be in connection with the Borah
Foundation conference on the causes
of war.
Dr. Stuart will also attend the
American Society for International
Law conference in Washington,
April 26-30. He is a member of the
society's committees on nomination
and on State Department publica
tions.
Graham H. Stuart, Stanford po
litical science professor, will give
an address on Russian - American
relations tomorrow at the Uni
versity of Idaho. The speech is to
be in connection with the Borah
Foundation conference on the causes
of war.
Dr. Stuart will also attend the
American Society for International
Law conference in Washington,
April 26-30. He is a member of the
society's committees on nomination
and on State Department publica
tions.
Graham H. Stuart, Stanford po
litical science professor, will give
an address on Russian - American
relations tomorrow at the Uni
versity of Idaho. The speech is to
be in connection with the Borah
Foundation conference on the causes
of war.
Dr. Stuart will also attend the
American Society for International
Law conference in Washington,
April 26-30. He is a member of the
society's committees on nomination
and on State Department publica
tions.
Graham H. Stuart, Stanford po
litical science professor, will give
an address on Russian - American
relations tomorrow at the Uni
versity of Idaho. The speech is to
be in connection with the Borah
Foundation conference on the causes
of war.
Dr. Stuart will also attend the
American Society for International
Law conference in Washington,
April 26-30. He is a member of the
society's committees on nomination
and on State Department publica
tions.
Graham H. Stuart, Stanford po
litical science professor, will give
an address on Russian - American
relations tomorrow at the Uni
versity of Idaho. The speech is to
be in connection with the Borah
Foundation conference on the causes
of war.
Dr. Stuart will also attend the
American Society for International
Law conference in Washington,
April 26-30. He is a member of the
society's committees on nomination
and on State Department publica
tions.
Graham H. Stuart, Stanford po
litical science professor, will give
an address on Russian - American
relations tomorrow at the Uni
versity of Idaho. The speech is to
be in connection with the Borah
Foundation conference on the causes
of war.
Dr. Stuart will also attend the
American Society for International
Law conference in Washington,
April 26-30. He is a member of the
society's committees on nomination
and on State Department publica
tions.
Graham H. Stuart, Stanford po
litical science professor, will give
an address on Russian - American
relations tomorrow at the Uni
versity of Idaho. The speech is to
be in connection with the Borah
Foundation conference on the causes
of war.
Dr. Stuart will also attend the
American Society for International
Law conference in Washington,
April 26-30. He is a member of the
society's committees on nomination
and on State Department publica
tions.
