# Adv. 15 Page 4
## 
### 
Wednesday, May 13
CORINNE GRIFFITH
with Lloyd Hughes in
"DECLASSE"
More beautifully gowned,
more radiantly beautiful
than ever before in
this great drama
of the height
and depths
of society.
FELIX
Brings Home the Bacon
KINOGRAMS
Wednesday, May 13
CORINNE GRIFFITH
with Lloyd Hughes in
"DECLASSE"
More beautifully gowned,
more radiantly beautiful
than ever before in
this great drama
of the height
and depths
of society.
FELIX
Brings Home the Bacon
KINOGRAMS
Wednesday, May 13
CORINNE GRIFFITH
with Lloyd Hughes in
"DECLASSE"
More beautifully gowned,
more radiantly beautiful
than ever before in
this great drama
of the height
and depths
of society.
FELIX
Brings Home the Bacon
KINOGRAMS
Wednesday, May 13
CORINNE GRIFFITH
with Lloyd Hughes in
"DECLASSE"
More beautifully gowned,
more radiantly beautiful
than ever before in
this great drama
of the height
and depths
of society.
FELIX
Brings Home the Bacon
KINOGRAMS
Wednesday, May 13
CORINNE GRIFFITH
with Lloyd Hughes in
"DECLASSE"
More beautifully gowned,
more radiantly beautiful
than ever before in
this great drama
of the height
and depths
of society.
FELIX
Brings Home the Bacon
KINOGRAMS
Wednesday, May 13
CORINNE GRIFFITH
with Lloyd Hughes in
"DECLASSE"
More beautifully gowned,
more radiantly beautiful
than ever before in
this great drama
of the height
and depths
of society.
FELIX
Brings Home the Bacon
KINOGRAMS
Wednesday, May 13
CORINNE GRIFFITH
with Lloyd Hughes in
"DECLASSE"
More beautifully gowned,
more radiantly beautiful
than ever before in
this great drama
of the height
and depths
of society.
FELIX
Brings Home the Bacon
KINOGRAMS
Wednesday, May 13
CORINNE GRIFFITH
with Lloyd Hughes in
"DECLASSE"
More beautifully gowned,
more radiantly beautiful
than ever before in
this great drama
of the height
and depths
of society.
FELIX
Brings Home the Bacon
KINOGRAMS
Wednesday, May 13
CORINNE GRIFFITH
with Lloyd Hughes in
"DECLASSE"
More beautifully gowned,
more radiantly beautiful
than ever before in
this great drama
of the height
and depths
of society.
FELIX
Brings Home the Bacon
KINOGRAMS
Wednesday, May 13
CORINNE GRIFFITH
with Lloyd Hughes in
"DECLASSE"
More beautifully gowned,
more radiantly beautiful
than ever before in
this great drama
of the height
and depths
of society.
FELIX
Brings Home the Bacon
KINOGRAMS
Wednesday, May 13
CORINNE GRIFFITH
with Lloyd Hughes in
"DECLASSE"
More beautifully gowned,
more radiantly beautiful
than ever before in
this great drama
of the height
and depths
of society.
FELIX
Brings Home the Bacon
KINOGRAMS
Wednesday, May 13
CORINNE GRIFFITH
with Lloyd Hughes in
"DECLASSE"
More beautifully gowned,
more radiantly beautiful
than ever before in
this great drama
of the height
and depths
of society.
FELIX
Brings Home the Bacon
KINOGRAMS
Wednesday, May 13
CORINNE GRIFFITH
with Lloyd Hughes in
"DECLASSE"
More beautifully gowned,
more radiantly beautiful
than ever before in
this great drama
of the height
and depths
of society.
FELIX
Brings Home the Bacon
KINOGRAMS
Wednesday, May 13
CORINNE GRIFFITH
with Lloyd Hughes in
"DECLASSE"
More beautifully gowned,
more radiantly beautiful
than ever before in
this great drama
of the height
and depths
of society.
FELIX
Brings Home the Bacon
KINOGRAMS
Wednesday, May 13
CORINNE GRIFFITH
with Lloyd Hughes in
"DECLASSE"
More beautifully gowned,
more radiantly beautiful
than ever before in
this great drama
of the height
and depths
of society.
FELIX
Brings Home the Bacon
KINOGRAMS
