# NEW VOLUMES ADDED TO GEOLOGY LIBRARY
## 
### 
A number of small pamphlets and bul
letins have" been recently added to the
Montessus de Balore earthquake collec
tion in the Brainier Geology library. The
addition to the library is composed en
tirely of the works of foreign writers
and includes articles by such famous au
thorities as Montessus dc Balore, Her
man Credner, Edouard Roche, Fusakichi
Omiori, J. G. Aguilcra, and E. de Munck.
Bound copies of the Annals Des Mines,
a French mining monthly, for the period
1920 to 1924, have also been received
by the library.

According to a report made by the
Federal bureau on education, univer
sities are paying less attention to
scholarship standards and more to se
curing students of well balanced char
acter in their requirements for admis
sion.
