# "NEWSPAPERS" SUBJECT OF ADDRESS BY C. H. ROWELL
## 
### 
"Newspaper Making and Newspaper
Reading in a Republic" will be the
topic of an address to be given by
Chester H. Rowell before the Univer
sity assembly at 11 o'clock Friday in
the Assembly hall. President Wilbur
will also speak. This is in conection
with the second convention of the
California Interscholastic Press Asso
ciation to be held at Stanford May 16.
Rowell, a graduate of the University
of Michigan, is best known in connec
tion with the Fresno Republican, of
which he was the editor and publisher
from 1898 to 1920. After leaving
Fresno, he spent several years travel
ing in the Orient. At present he is
writing daily syndicate articles which
are published in several hundred news
papers in all parts of the country.
He has kept in close touch with the
students of journalism in the Univer
sity of California, and because of his
active interest in the college publica
tions there, was recently elected to
Sigma Delta Chi, national journalistic
fraternity. He has been conducting ex
periments in collaboration with Dr. D.
P. Barrows of the Political Science
department at California to ascertain
to what extent college students are
reading the newspapers.
"Newspaper Making and Newspaper
Reading in a Republic" will be the
topic of an address to be given by
Chester H. Rowell before the Univer
sity assembly at 11 o'clock Friday in
the Assembly hall. President Wilbur
will also speak. This is in conection
with the second convention of the
California Interscholastic Press Asso
ciation to be held at Stanford May 16.
Rowell, a graduate of the University
of Michigan, is best known in connec
tion with the Fresno Republican, of
which he was the editor and publisher
from 1898 to 1920. After leaving
Fresno, he spent several years travel
ing in the Orient. At present he is
writing daily syndicate articles which
are published in several hundred news
papers in all parts of the country.
He has kept in close touch with the
students of journalism in the Univer
sity of California, and because of his
active interest in the college publica
tions there, was recently elected to
Sigma Delta Chi, national journalistic
fraternity. He has been conducting ex
periments in collaboration with Dr. D.
P. Barrows of the Political Science
department at California to ascertain
to what extent college students are
reading the newspapers.
"Newspaper Making and Newspaper
Reading in a Republic" will be the
topic of an address to be given by
Chester H. Rowell before the Univer
sity assembly at 11 o'clock Friday in
the Assembly hall. President Wilbur
will also speak. This is in conection
with the second convention of the
California Interscholastic Press Asso
ciation to be held at Stanford May 16.
Rowell, a graduate of the University
of Michigan, is best known in connec
tion with the Fresno Republican, of
which he was the editor and publisher
from 1898 to 1920. After leaving
Fresno, he spent several years travel
ing in the Orient. At present he is
writing daily syndicate articles which
are published in several hundred news
papers in all parts of the country.
He has kept in close touch with the
students of journalism in the Univer
sity of California, and because of his
active interest in the college publica
tions there, was recently elected to
Sigma Delta Chi, national journalistic
fraternity. He has been conducting ex
periments in collaboration with Dr. D.
P. Barrows of the Political Science
department at California to ascertain
to what extent college students are
reading the newspapers.
"Newspaper Making and Newspaper
Reading in a Republic" will be the
topic of an address to be given by
Chester H. Rowell before the Univer
sity assembly at 11 o'clock Friday in
the Assembly hall. President Wilbur
will also speak. This is in conection
with the second convention of the
California Interscholastic Press Asso
ciation to be held at Stanford May 16.
Rowell, a graduate of the University
of Michigan, is best known in connec
tion with the Fresno Republican, of
which he was the editor and publisher
from 1898 to 1920. After leaving
Fresno, he spent several years travel
ing in the Orient. At present he is
writing daily syndicate articles which
are published in several hundred news
papers in all parts of the country.
He has kept in close touch with the
students of journalism in the Univer
sity of California, and because of his
active interest in the college publica
tions there, was recently elected to
Sigma Delta Chi, national journalistic
fraternity. He has been conducting ex
periments in collaboration with Dr. D.
P. Barrows of the Political Science
department at California to ascertain
to what extent college students are
reading the newspapers.
"Newspaper Making and Newspaper
Reading in a Republic" will be the
topic of an address to be given by
Chester H. Rowell before the Univer
sity assembly at 11 o'clock Friday in
the Assembly hall. President Wilbur
will also speak. This is in conection
with the second convention of the
California Interscholastic Press Asso
ciation to be held at Stanford May 16.
Rowell, a graduate of the University
of Michigan, is best known in connec
tion with the Fresno Republican, of
which he was the editor and publisher
from 1898 to 1920. After leaving
Fresno, he spent several years travel
ing in the Orient. At present he is
writing daily syndicate articles which
are published in several hundred news
papers in all parts of the country.
He has kept in close touch with the
students of journalism in the Univer
sity of California, and because of his
active interest in the college publica
tions there, was recently elected to
Sigma Delta Chi, national journalistic
fraternity. He has been conducting ex
periments in collaboration with Dr. D.
P. Barrows of the Political Science
department at California to ascertain
to what extent college students are
reading the newspapers.
"Newspaper Making and Newspaper
Reading in a Republic" will be the
topic of an address to be given by
Chester H. Rowell before the Univer
sity assembly at 11 o'clock Friday in
the Assembly hall. President Wilbur
will also speak. This is in conection
with the second convention of the
California Interscholastic Press Asso
ciation to be held at Stanford May 16.
Rowell, a graduate of the University
of Michigan, is best known in connec
tion with the Fresno Republican, of
which he was the editor and publisher
from 1898 to 1920. After leaving
Fresno, he spent several years travel
ing in the Orient. At present he is
writing daily syndicate articles which
are published in several hundred news
papers in all parts of the country.
He has kept in close touch with the
students of journalism in the Univer
sity of California, and because of his
active interest in the college publica
tions there, was recently elected to
Sigma Delta Chi, national journalistic
fraternity. He has been conducting ex
periments in collaboration with Dr. D.
P. Barrows of the Political Science
department at California to ascertain
to what extent college students are
reading the newspapers.
"Newspaper Making and Newspaper
Reading in a Republic" will be the
topic of an address to be given by
Chester H. Rowell before the Univer
sity assembly at 11 o'clock Friday in
the Assembly hall. President Wilbur
will also speak. This is in conection
with the second convention of the
California Interscholastic Press Asso
ciation to be held at Stanford May 16.
Rowell, a graduate of the University
of Michigan, is best known in connec
tion with the Fresno Republican, of
which he was the editor and publisher
from 1898 to 1920. After leaving
Fresno, he spent several years travel
ing in the Orient. At present he is
writing daily syndicate articles which
are published in several hundred news
papers in all parts of the country.
He has kept in close touch with the
students of journalism in the Univer
sity of California, and because of his
active interest in the college publica
tions there, was recently elected to
Sigma Delta Chi, national journalistic
fraternity. He has been conducting ex
periments in collaboration with Dr. D.
P. Barrows of the Political Science
department at California to ascertain
to what extent college students are
reading the newspapers.
"Newspaper Making and Newspaper
Reading in a Republic" will be the
topic of an address to be given by
Chester H. Rowell before the Univer
sity assembly at 11 o'clock Friday in
the Assembly hall. President Wilbur
will also speak. This is in conection
with the second convention of the
California Interscholastic Press Asso
ciation to be held at Stanford May 16.
Rowell, a graduate of the University
of Michigan, is best known in connec
tion with the Fresno Republican, of
which he was the editor and publisher
from 1898 to 1920. After leaving
Fresno, he spent several years travel
ing in the Orient. At present he is
writing daily syndicate articles which
are published in several hundred news
papers in all parts of the country.
He has kept in close touch with the
students of journalism in the Univer
sity of California, and because of his
active interest in the college publica
tions there, was recently elected to
Sigma Delta Chi, national journalistic
fraternity. He has been conducting ex
periments in collaboration with Dr. D.
P. Barrows of the Political Science
department at California to ascertain
to what extent college students are
reading the newspapers.
"Newspaper Making and Newspaper
Reading in a Republic" will be the
topic of an address to be given by
Chester H. Rowell before the Univer
sity assembly at 11 o'clock Friday in
the Assembly hall. President Wilbur
will also speak. This is in conection
with the second convention of the
California Interscholastic Press Asso
ciation to be held at Stanford May 16.
Rowell, a graduate of the University
of Michigan, is best known in connec
tion with the Fresno Republican, of
which he was the editor and publisher
from 1898 to 1920. After leaving
Fresno, he spent several years travel
ing in the Orient. At present he is
writing daily syndicate articles which
are published in several hundred news
papers in all parts of the country.
He has kept in close touch with the
students of journalism in the Univer
sity of California, and because of his
active interest in the college publica
tions there, was recently elected to
Sigma Delta Chi, national journalistic
fraternity. He has been conducting ex
periments in collaboration with Dr. D.
P. Barrows of the Political Science
department at California to ascertain
to what extent college students are
reading the newspapers.
"Newspaper Making and Newspaper
Reading in a Republic" will be the
topic of an address to be given by
Chester H. Rowell before the Univer
sity assembly at 11 o'clock Friday in
the Assembly hall. President Wilbur
will also speak. This is in conection
with the second convention of the
California Interscholastic Press Asso
ciation to be held at Stanford May 16.
Rowell, a graduate of the University
of Michigan, is best known in connec
tion with the Fresno Republican, of
which he was the editor and publisher
from 1898 to 1920. After leaving
Fresno, he spent several years travel
ing in the Orient. At present he is
writing daily syndicate articles which
are published in several hundred news
papers in all parts of the country.
He has kept in close touch with the
students of journalism in the Univer
sity of California, and because of his
active interest in the college publica
tions there, was recently elected to
Sigma Delta Chi, national journalistic
fraternity. He has been conducting ex
periments in collaboration with Dr. D.
P. Barrows of the Political Science
department at California to ascertain
to what extent college students are
reading the newspapers.
"Newspaper Making and Newspaper
Reading in a Republic" will be the
topic of an address to be given by
Chester H. Rowell before the Univer
sity assembly at 11 o'clock Friday in
the Assembly hall. President Wilbur
will also speak. This is in conection
with the second convention of the
California Interscholastic Press Asso
ciation to be held at Stanford May 16.
Rowell, a graduate of the University
of Michigan, is best known in connec
tion with the Fresno Republican, of
which he was the editor and publisher
from 1898 to 1920. After leaving
Fresno, he spent several years travel
ing in the Orient. At present he is
writing daily syndicate articles which
are published in several hundred news
papers in all parts of the country.
He has kept in close touch with the
students of journalism in the Univer
sity of California, and because of his
active interest in the college publica
tions there, was recently elected to
Sigma Delta Chi, national journalistic
fraternity. He has been conducting ex
periments in collaboration with Dr. D.
P. Barrows of the Political Science
department at California to ascertain
to what extent college students are
reading the newspapers.
"Newspaper Making and Newspaper
Reading in a Republic" will be the
topic of an address to be given by
Chester H. Rowell before the Univer
sity assembly at 11 o'clock Friday in
the Assembly hall. President Wilbur
will also speak. This is in conection
with the second convention of the
California Interscholastic Press Asso
ciation to be held at Stanford May 16.
Rowell, a graduate of the University
of Michigan, is best known in connec
tion with the Fresno Republican, of
which he was the editor and publisher
from 1898 to 1920. After leaving
Fresno, he spent several years travel
ing in the Orient. At present he is
writing daily syndicate articles which
are published in several hundred news
papers in all parts of the country.
He has kept in close touch with the
students of journalism in the Univer
sity of California, and because of his
active interest in the college publica
tions there, was recently elected to
Sigma Delta Chi, national journalistic
fraternity. He has been conducting ex
periments in collaboration with Dr. D.
P. Barrows of the Political Science
department at California to ascertain
to what extent college students are
reading the newspapers.
"Newspaper Making and Newspaper
Reading in a Republic" will be the
topic of an address to be given by
Chester H. Rowell before the Univer
sity assembly at 11 o'clock Friday in
the Assembly hall. President Wilbur
will also speak. This is in conection
with the second convention of the
California Interscholastic Press Asso
ciation to be held at Stanford May 16.
Rowell, a graduate of the University
of Michigan, is best known in connec
tion with the Fresno Republican, of
which he was the editor and publisher
from 1898 to 1920. After leaving
Fresno, he spent several years travel
ing in the Orient. At present he is
writing daily syndicate articles which
are published in several hundred news
papers in all parts of the country.
He has kept in close touch with the
students of journalism in the Univer
sity of California, and because of his
active interest in the college publica
tions there, was recently elected to
Sigma Delta Chi, national journalistic
fraternity. He has been conducting ex
periments in collaboration with Dr. D.
P. Barrows of the Political Science
department at California to ascertain
to what extent college students are
reading the newspapers.
"Newspaper Making and Newspaper
Reading in a Republic" will be the
topic of an address to be given by
Chester H. Rowell before the Univer
sity assembly at 11 o'clock Friday in
the Assembly hall. President Wilbur
will also speak. This is in conection
with the second convention of the
California Interscholastic Press Asso
ciation to be held at Stanford May 16.
Rowell, a graduate of the University
of Michigan, is best known in connec
tion with the Fresno Republican, of
which he was the editor and publisher
from 1898 to 1920. After leaving
Fresno, he spent several years travel
ing in the Orient. At present he is
writing daily syndicate articles which
are published in several hundred news
papers in all parts of the country.
He has kept in close touch with the
students of journalism in the Univer
sity of California, and because of his
active interest in the college publica
tions there, was recently elected to
Sigma Delta Chi, national journalistic
fraternity. He has been conducting ex
periments in collaboration with Dr. D.
P. Barrows of the Political Science
department at California to ascertain
to what extent college students are
reading the newspapers.
"Newspaper Making and Newspaper
Reading in a Republic" will be the
topic of an address to be given by
Chester H. Rowell before the Univer
sity assembly at 11 o'clock Friday in
the Assembly hall. President Wilbur
will also speak. This is in conection
with the second convention of the
California Interscholastic Press Asso
ciation to be held at Stanford May 16.
Rowell, a graduate of the University
of Michigan, is best known in connec
tion with the Fresno Republican, of
which he was the editor and publisher
from 1898 to 1920. After leaving
Fresno, he spent several years travel
ing in the Orient. At present he is
writing daily syndicate articles which
are published in several hundred news
papers in all parts of the country.
He has kept in close touch with the
students of journalism in the Univer
sity of California, and because of his
active interest in the college publica
tions there, was recently elected to
Sigma Delta Chi, national journalistic
fraternity. He has been conducting ex
periments in collaboration with Dr. D.
P. Barrows of the Political Science
department at California to ascertain
to what extent college students are
reading the newspapers.
