# FRESHMAN DEBATERS FROM U.C., STANFORD MEET HERE TONIGHT
## 
### 
Stanford freshman debaters will
meet a team of California freshmen
tonight at S:l5 in the Little Theatre
to discuss the question, "Resolved,
That the United States should grant
Soviet Russia immediate recognition."
Two teams of Stanford freshmen will
be in action tonight, one here, and
another at Berkeley. Francis Davis,
George Hickerson, and James Bednar
will represent Stanford here, uphold
ing the affirmative of the question.
The California freshman team is com
posed of Bee Shannon, Jack Straight,
and James Fessler. Norman Sawyer,
John Gange, and Isadore Botasof will
uphold the negative for Stanford at
Berkeley.
Greater interest than usual in de
bates is expected to result from the
spirit of rivalry between competitors
from the two institutions, as judges
have been secured and a decision will
be rendered, instead of having no
decision arguments or audience deci
sions as heretofore. Leon Carley, var
sity debater, has coached the fresh
men for the discussion, and expects
his charges to make a good impres
sion.
