# PRESENTED WITH PAINTING
## 
### 
Mrs. Hoover was presented with a
large oil painting by Representative
Arthur M. Free of San Jose at Wash
ington, D.C., yesterday morning.
Mrs. Hoover was presented with a
large oil painting by Representative
Arthur M. Free of San Jose at Wash
ington, D.C., yesterday morning.
Mrs. Hoover was presented with a
large oil painting by Representative
Arthur M. Free of San Jose at Wash
ington, D.C., yesterday morning.
Mrs. Hoover was presented with a
large oil painting by Representative
Arthur M. Free of San Jose at Wash
ington, D.C., yesterday morning.
Mrs. Hoover was presented with a
large oil painting by Representative
Arthur M. Free of San Jose at Wash
ington, D.C., yesterday morning.
Mrs. Hoover was presented with a
large oil painting by Representative
Arthur M. Free of San Jose at Wash
ington, D.C., yesterday morning.
Mrs. Hoover was presented with a
large oil painting by Representative
Arthur M. Free of San Jose at Wash
ington, D.C., yesterday morning.
Mrs. Hoover was presented with a
large oil painting by Representative
Arthur M. Free of San Jose at Wash
ington, D.C., yesterday morning.
Mrs. Hoover was presented with a
large oil painting by Representative
Arthur M. Free of San Jose at Wash
ington, D.C., yesterday morning.
Mrs. Hoover was presented with a
large oil painting by Representative
Arthur M. Free of San Jose at Wash
ington, D.C., yesterday morning.
Mrs. Hoover was presented with a
large oil painting by Representative
Arthur M. Free of San Jose at Wash
ington, D.C., yesterday morning.
Mrs. Hoover was presented with a
large oil painting by Representative
Arthur M. Free of San Jose at Wash
ington, D.C., yesterday morning.
Mrs. Hoover was presented with a
large oil painting by Representative
Arthur M. Free of San Jose at Wash
ington, D.C., yesterday morning.
Mrs. Hoover was presented with a
large oil painting by Representative
Arthur M. Free of San Jose at Wash
ington, D.C., yesterday morning.
Mrs. Hoover was presented with a
large oil painting by Representative
Arthur M. Free of San Jose at Wash
ington, D.C., yesterday morning.
Mrs. Hoover was presented with a
large oil painting by Representative
Arthur M. Free of San Jose at Wash
ington, D.C., yesterday morning.
