# ALUMNI WILL BE WELCOMED HERE NEXT SATURDAY
## 
### 
A full program is planned for the
returning alumni who will be on the
campus for the Big Meet, announces
Charles J. Crary, chairmaij of the
University Day committee.
The various clubs, fraternities, and
sororities of the campus will enter
tain their alumni at luncheons on Sat
uiday before the meet, and an alumni
tea will be held afterwards by the
local alumni women, headed by Mrs.
Parnie H. Storey, chairman of the
hospitality committee. The all-Univer
sity dinner will take place Saturday
evening at 6 o'clock, with several
classes holding special reunion din
ners.
On Sunday, there will be holy com
munion at 8 o'clock, followed by di
vine worship at 11 o'clock. Rev. Sid
ney Snow of Chicago, will preach the
sermon, and the glee club will sing.
A special organ recital at 4 o'clock in
the Memorial Church, by Arthur W.
Poister, from the University of Red
lands, will feature several Liszt num
bers.
Committees working on University
Day plans are as follows: Chairman,
Charles J. Crary; Attendance, J. E.
McDowell; Publicity, Mrs. Allene
Thorpe Lamson; Hospitality, Mrs.
Parnie H. Storey; Entertainment,
Gordon Davis; Student Program, Al
fred R. Masters; Departmental Din
ners, Harold Shepherd; Student Body,
Philip Cavalero; Associated Women,
Janet Harris; Class Reunions, J. E.
McDowell; Club Reunions, F. A. Zit
kowski; Fraternity Reunions, Douglas
B. Lewis; Sorority Reunions, Ellen
Woerner; Women's Organizations,
Mrs. M. H. Roth; Church, Rev. I).
Charles Gardner; Recital, Warren D.
Allen; and Dinner, J. E. McDowell.
A full program is planned for the
returning alumni who will be on the
campus for the Big Meet, announces
Charles J. Crary, chairmaij of the
University Day committee.
The various clubs, fraternities, and
sororities of the campus will enter
tain their alumni at luncheons on Sat
uiday before the meet, and an alumni
tea will be held afterwards by the
local alumni women, headed by Mrs.
Parnie H. Storey, chairman of the
hospitality committee. The all-Univer
sity dinner will take place Saturday
evening at 6 o'clock, with several
classes holding special reunion din
ners.
On Sunday, there will be holy com
munion at 8 o'clock, followed by di
vine worship at 11 o'clock. Rev. Sid
ney Snow of Chicago, will preach the
sermon, and the glee club will sing.
A special organ recital at 4 o'clock in
the Memorial Church, by Arthur W.
Poister, from the University of Red
lands, will feature several Liszt num
bers.
Committees working on University
Day plans are as follows: Chairman,
Charles J. Crary; Attendance, J. E.
McDowell; Publicity, Mrs. Allene
Thorpe Lamson; Hospitality, Mrs.
Parnie H. Storey; Entertainment,
Gordon Davis; Student Program, Al
fred R. Masters; Departmental Din
ners, Harold Shepherd; Student Body,
Philip Cavalero; Associated Women,
Janet Harris; Class Reunions, J. E.
McDowell; Club Reunions, F. A. Zit
kowski; Fraternity Reunions, Douglas
B. Lewis; Sorority Reunions, Ellen
Woerner; Women's Organizations,
Mrs. M. H. Roth; Church, Rev. I).
Charles Gardner; Recital, Warren D.
Allen; and Dinner, J. E. McDowell.
A full program is planned for the
returning alumni who will be on the
campus for the Big Meet, announces
Charles J. Crary, chairmaij of the
University Day committee.
The various clubs, fraternities, and
sororities of the campus will enter
tain their alumni at luncheons on Sat
uiday before the meet, and an alumni
tea will be held afterwards by the
local alumni women, headed by Mrs.
Parnie H. Storey, chairman of the
hospitality committee. The all-Univer
sity dinner will take place Saturday
evening at 6 o'clock, with several
classes holding special reunion din
ners.
On Sunday, there will be holy com
munion at 8 o'clock, followed by di
vine worship at 11 o'clock. Rev. Sid
ney Snow of Chicago, will preach the
sermon, and the glee club will sing.
A special organ recital at 4 o'clock in
the Memorial Church, by Arthur W.
Poister, from the University of Red
lands, will feature several Liszt num
bers.
Committees working on University
Day plans are as follows: Chairman,
Charles J. Crary; Attendance, J. E.
McDowell; Publicity, Mrs. Allene
Thorpe Lamson; Hospitality, Mrs.
Parnie H. Storey; Entertainment,
Gordon Davis; Student Program, Al
fred R. Masters; Departmental Din
ners, Harold Shepherd; Student Body,
Philip Cavalero; Associated Women,
Janet Harris; Class Reunions, J. E.
McDowell; Club Reunions, F. A. Zit
kowski; Fraternity Reunions, Douglas
B. Lewis; Sorority Reunions, Ellen
Woerner; Women's Organizations,
Mrs. M. H. Roth; Church, Rev. I).
Charles Gardner; Recital, Warren D.
Allen; and Dinner, J. E. McDowell.
A full program is planned for the
returning alumni who will be on the
campus for the Big Meet, announces
Charles J. Crary, chairmaij of the
University Day committee.
The various clubs, fraternities, and
sororities of the campus will enter
tain their alumni at luncheons on Sat
uiday before the meet, and an alumni
tea will be held afterwards by the
local alumni women, headed by Mrs.
Parnie H. Storey, chairman of the
hospitality committee. The all-Univer
sity dinner will take place Saturday
evening at 6 o'clock, with several
classes holding special reunion din
ners.
On Sunday, there will be holy com
munion at 8 o'clock, followed by di
vine worship at 11 o'clock. Rev. Sid
ney Snow of Chicago, will preach the
sermon, and the glee club will sing.
A special organ recital at 4 o'clock in
the Memorial Church, by Arthur W.
Poister, from the University of Red
lands, will feature several Liszt num
bers.
Committees working on University
Day plans are as follows: Chairman,
Charles J. Crary; Attendance, J. E.
McDowell; Publicity, Mrs. Allene
Thorpe Lamson; Hospitality, Mrs.
Parnie H. Storey; Entertainment,
Gordon Davis; Student Program, Al
fred R. Masters; Departmental Din
ners, Harold Shepherd; Student Body,
Philip Cavalero; Associated Women,
Janet Harris; Class Reunions, J. E.
McDowell; Club Reunions, F. A. Zit
kowski; Fraternity Reunions, Douglas
B. Lewis; Sorority Reunions, Ellen
Woerner; Women's Organizations,
Mrs. M. H. Roth; Church, Rev. I).
Charles Gardner; Recital, Warren D.
Allen; and Dinner, J. E. McDowell.
A full program is planned for the
returning alumni who will be on the
campus for the Big Meet, announces
Charles J. Crary, chairmaij of the
University Day committee.
The various clubs, fraternities, and
sororities of the campus will enter
tain their alumni at luncheons on Sat
uiday before the meet, and an alumni
tea will be held afterwards by the
local alumni women, headed by Mrs.
Parnie H. Storey, chairman of the
hospitality committee. The all-Univer
sity dinner will take place Saturday
evening at 6 o'clock, with several
classes holding special reunion din
ners.
On Sunday, there will be holy com
munion at 8 o'clock, followed by di
vine worship at 11 o'clock. Rev. Sid
ney Snow of Chicago, will preach the
sermon, and the glee club will sing.
A special organ recital at 4 o'clock in
the Memorial Church, by Arthur W.
Poister, from the University of Red
lands, will feature several Liszt num
bers.
Committees working on University
Day plans are as follows: Chairman,
Charles J. Crary; Attendance, J. E.
McDowell; Publicity, Mrs. Allene
Thorpe Lamson; Hospitality, Mrs.
Parnie H. Storey; Entertainment,
Gordon Davis; Student Program, Al
fred R. Masters; Departmental Din
ners, Harold Shepherd; Student Body,
Philip Cavalero; Associated Women,
Janet Harris; Class Reunions, J. E.
McDowell; Club Reunions, F. A. Zit
kowski; Fraternity Reunions, Douglas
B. Lewis; Sorority Reunions, Ellen
Woerner; Women's Organizations,
Mrs. M. H. Roth; Church, Rev. I).
Charles Gardner; Recital, Warren D.
Allen; and Dinner, J. E. McDowell.
A full program is planned for the
returning alumni who will be on the
campus for the Big Meet, announces
Charles J. Crary, chairmaij of the
University Day committee.
The various clubs, fraternities, and
sororities of the campus will enter
tain their alumni at luncheons on Sat
uiday before the meet, and an alumni
tea will be held afterwards by the
local alumni women, headed by Mrs.
Parnie H. Storey, chairman of the
hospitality committee. The all-Univer
sity dinner will take place Saturday
evening at 6 o'clock, with several
classes holding special reunion din
ners.
On Sunday, there will be holy com
munion at 8 o'clock, followed by di
vine worship at 11 o'clock. Rev. Sid
ney Snow of Chicago, will preach the
sermon, and the glee club will sing.
A special organ recital at 4 o'clock in
the Memorial Church, by Arthur W.
Poister, from the University of Red
lands, will feature several Liszt num
bers.
Committees working on University
Day plans are as follows: Chairman,
Charles J. Crary; Attendance, J. E.
McDowell; Publicity, Mrs. Allene
Thorpe Lamson; Hospitality, Mrs.
Parnie H. Storey; Entertainment,
Gordon Davis; Student Program, Al
fred R. Masters; Departmental Din
ners, Harold Shepherd; Student Body,
Philip Cavalero; Associated Women,
Janet Harris; Class Reunions, J. E.
McDowell; Club Reunions, F. A. Zit
kowski; Fraternity Reunions, Douglas
B. Lewis; Sorority Reunions, Ellen
Woerner; Women's Organizations,
Mrs. M. H. Roth; Church, Rev. I).
Charles Gardner; Recital, Warren D.
Allen; and Dinner, J. E. McDowell.
A full program is planned for the
returning alumni who will be on the
campus for the Big Meet, announces
Charles J. Crary, chairmaij of the
University Day committee.
The various clubs, fraternities, and
sororities of the campus will enter
tain their alumni at luncheons on Sat
uiday before the meet, and an alumni
tea will be held afterwards by the
local alumni women, headed by Mrs.
Parnie H. Storey, chairman of the
hospitality committee. The all-Univer
sity dinner will take place Saturday
evening at 6 o'clock, with several
classes holding special reunion din
ners.
On Sunday, there will be holy com
munion at 8 o'clock, followed by di
vine worship at 11 o'clock. Rev. Sid
ney Snow of Chicago, will preach the
sermon, and the glee club will sing.
A special organ recital at 4 o'clock in
the Memorial Church, by Arthur W.
Poister, from the University of Red
lands, will feature several Liszt num
bers.
Committees working on University
Day plans are as follows: Chairman,
Charles J. Crary; Attendance, J. E.
McDowell; Publicity, Mrs. Allene
Thorpe Lamson; Hospitality, Mrs.
Parnie H. Storey; Entertainment,
Gordon Davis; Student Program, Al
fred R. Masters; Departmental Din
ners, Harold Shepherd; Student Body,
Philip Cavalero; Associated Women,
Janet Harris; Class Reunions, J. E.
McDowell; Club Reunions, F. A. Zit
kowski; Fraternity Reunions, Douglas
B. Lewis; Sorority Reunions, Ellen
Woerner; Women's Organizations,
Mrs. M. H. Roth; Church, Rev. I).
Charles Gardner; Recital, Warren D.
Allen; and Dinner, J. E. McDowell.
A full program is planned for the
returning alumni who will be on the
campus for the Big Meet, announces
Charles J. Crary, chairmaij of the
University Day committee.
The various clubs, fraternities, and
sororities of the campus will enter
tain their alumni at luncheons on Sat
uiday before the meet, and an alumni
tea will be held afterwards by the
local alumni women, headed by Mrs.
Parnie H. Storey, chairman of the
hospitality committee. The all-Univer
sity dinner will take place Saturday
evening at 6 o'clock, with several
classes holding special reunion din
ners.
On Sunday, there will be holy com
munion at 8 o'clock, followed by di
vine worship at 11 o'clock. Rev. Sid
ney Snow of Chicago, will preach the
sermon, and the glee club will sing.
A special organ recital at 4 o'clock in
the Memorial Church, by Arthur W.
Poister, from the University of Red
lands, will feature several Liszt num
bers.
Committees working on University
Day plans are as follows: Chairman,
Charles J. Crary; Attendance, J. E.
McDowell; Publicity, Mrs. Allene
Thorpe Lamson; Hospitality, Mrs.
Parnie H. Storey; Entertainment,
Gordon Davis; Student Program, Al
fred R. Masters; Departmental Din
ners, Harold Shepherd; Student Body,
Philip Cavalero; Associated Women,
Janet Harris; Class Reunions, J. E.
McDowell; Club Reunions, F. A. Zit
kowski; Fraternity Reunions, Douglas
B. Lewis; Sorority Reunions, Ellen
Woerner; Women's Organizations,
Mrs. M. H. Roth; Church, Rev. I).
Charles Gardner; Recital, Warren D.
Allen; and Dinner, J. E. McDowell.
A full program is planned for the
returning alumni who will be on the
campus for the Big Meet, announces
Charles J. Crary, chairmaij of the
University Day committee.
The various clubs, fraternities, and
sororities of the campus will enter
tain their alumni at luncheons on Sat
uiday before the meet, and an alumni
tea will be held afterwards by the
local alumni women, headed by Mrs.
Parnie H. Storey, chairman of the
hospitality committee. The all-Univer
sity dinner will take place Saturday
evening at 6 o'clock, with several
classes holding special reunion din
ners.
On Sunday, there will be holy com
munion at 8 o'clock, followed by di
vine worship at 11 o'clock. Rev. Sid
ney Snow of Chicago, will preach the
sermon, and the glee club will sing.
A special organ recital at 4 o'clock in
the Memorial Church, by Arthur W.
Poister, from the University of Red
lands, will feature several Liszt num
bers.
Committees working on University
Day plans are as follows: Chairman,
Charles J. Crary; Attendance, J. E.
McDowell; Publicity, Mrs. Allene
Thorpe Lamson; Hospitality, Mrs.
Parnie H. Storey; Entertainment,
Gordon Davis; Student Program, Al
fred R. Masters; Departmental Din
ners, Harold Shepherd; Student Body,
Philip Cavalero; Associated Women,
Janet Harris; Class Reunions, J. E.
McDowell; Club Reunions, F. A. Zit
kowski; Fraternity Reunions, Douglas
B. Lewis; Sorority Reunions, Ellen
Woerner; Women's Organizations,
Mrs. M. H. Roth; Church, Rev. I).
Charles Gardner; Recital, Warren D.
Allen; and Dinner, J. E. McDowell.
A full program is planned for the
returning alumni who will be on the
campus for the Big Meet, announces
Charles J. Crary, chairmaij of the
University Day committee.
The various clubs, fraternities, and
sororities of the campus will enter
tain their alumni at luncheons on Sat
uiday before the meet, and an alumni
tea will be held afterwards by the
local alumni women, headed by Mrs.
Parnie H. Storey, chairman of the
hospitality committee. The all-Univer
sity dinner will take place Saturday
evening at 6 o'clock, with several
classes holding special reunion din
ners.
On Sunday, there will be holy com
munion at 8 o'clock, followed by di
vine worship at 11 o'clock. Rev. Sid
ney Snow of Chicago, will preach the
sermon, and the glee club will sing.
A special organ recital at 4 o'clock in
the Memorial Church, by Arthur W.
Poister, from the University of Red
lands, will feature several Liszt num
bers.
Committees working on University
Day plans are as follows: Chairman,
Charles J. Crary; Attendance, J. E.
McDowell; Publicity, Mrs. Allene
Thorpe Lamson; Hospitality, Mrs.
Parnie H. Storey; Entertainment,
Gordon Davis; Student Program, Al
fred R. Masters; Departmental Din
ners, Harold Shepherd; Student Body,
Philip Cavalero; Associated Women,
Janet Harris; Class Reunions, J. E.
McDowell; Club Reunions, F. A. Zit
kowski; Fraternity Reunions, Douglas
B. Lewis; Sorority Reunions, Ellen
Woerner; Women's Organizations,
Mrs. M. H. Roth; Church, Rev. I).
Charles Gardner; Recital, Warren D.
Allen; and Dinner, J. E. McDowell.
A full program is planned for the
returning alumni who will be on the
campus for the Big Meet, announces
Charles J. Crary, chairmaij of the
University Day committee.
The various clubs, fraternities, and
sororities of the campus will enter
tain their alumni at luncheons on Sat
uiday before the meet, and an alumni
tea will be held afterwards by the
local alumni women, headed by Mrs.
Parnie H. Storey, chairman of the
hospitality committee. The all-Univer
sity dinner will take place Saturday
evening at 6 o'clock, with several
classes holding special reunion din
ners.
On Sunday, there will be holy com
munion at 8 o'clock, followed by di
vine worship at 11 o'clock. Rev. Sid
ney Snow of Chicago, will preach the
sermon, and the glee club will sing.
A special organ recital at 4 o'clock in
the Memorial Church, by Arthur W.
Poister, from the University of Red
lands, will feature several Liszt num
bers.
Committees working on University
Day plans are as follows: Chairman,
Charles J. Crary; Attendance, J. E.
McDowell; Publicity, Mrs. Allene
Thorpe Lamson; Hospitality, Mrs.
Parnie H. Storey; Entertainment,
Gordon Davis; Student Program, Al
fred R. Masters; Departmental Din
ners, Harold Shepherd; Student Body,
Philip Cavalero; Associated Women,
Janet Harris; Class Reunions, J. E.
McDowell; Club Reunions, F. A. Zit
kowski; Fraternity Reunions, Douglas
B. Lewis; Sorority Reunions, Ellen
Woerner; Women's Organizations,
Mrs. M. H. Roth; Church, Rev. I).
Charles Gardner; Recital, Warren D.
Allen; and Dinner, J. E. McDowell.
A full program is planned for the
returning alumni who will be on the
campus for the Big Meet, announces
Charles J. Crary, chairmaij of the
University Day committee.
The various clubs, fraternities, and
sororities of the campus will enter
tain their alumni at luncheons on Sat
uiday before the meet, and an alumni
tea will be held afterwards by the
local alumni women, headed by Mrs.
Parnie H. Storey, chairman of the
hospitality committee. The all-Univer
sity dinner will take place Saturday
evening at 6 o'clock, with several
classes holding special reunion din
ners.
On Sunday, there will be holy com
munion at 8 o'clock, followed by di
vine worship at 11 o'clock. Rev. Sid
ney Snow of Chicago, will preach the
sermon, and the glee club will sing.
A special organ recital at 4 o'clock in
the Memorial Church, by Arthur W.
Poister, from the University of Red
lands, will feature several Liszt num
bers.
Committees working on University
Day plans are as follows: Chairman,
Charles J. Crary; Attendance, J. E.
McDowell; Publicity, Mrs. Allene
Thorpe Lamson; Hospitality, Mrs.
Parnie H. Storey; Entertainment,
Gordon Davis; Student Program, Al
fred R. Masters; Departmental Din
ners, Harold Shepherd; Student Body,
Philip Cavalero; Associated Women,
Janet Harris; Class Reunions, J. E.
McDowell; Club Reunions, F. A. Zit
kowski; Fraternity Reunions, Douglas
B. Lewis; Sorority Reunions, Ellen
Woerner; Women's Organizations,
Mrs. M. H. Roth; Church, Rev. I).
Charles Gardner; Recital, Warren D.
Allen; and Dinner, J. E. McDowell.
A full program is planned for the
returning alumni who will be on the
campus for the Big Meet, announces
Charles J. Crary, chairmaij of the
University Day committee.
The various clubs, fraternities, and
sororities of the campus will enter
tain their alumni at luncheons on Sat
uiday before the meet, and an alumni
tea will be held afterwards by the
local alumni women, headed by Mrs.
Parnie H. Storey, chairman of the
hospitality committee. The all-Univer
sity dinner will take place Saturday
evening at 6 o'clock, with several
classes holding special reunion din
ners.
On Sunday, there will be holy com
munion at 8 o'clock, followed by di
vine worship at 11 o'clock. Rev. Sid
ney Snow of Chicago, will preach the
sermon, and the glee club will sing.
A special organ recital at 4 o'clock in
the Memorial Church, by Arthur W.
Poister, from the University of Red
lands, will feature several Liszt num
bers.
Committees working on University
Day plans are as follows: Chairman,
Charles J. Crary; Attendance, J. E.
McDowell; Publicity, Mrs. Allene
Thorpe Lamson; Hospitality, Mrs.
Parnie H. Storey; Entertainment,
Gordon Davis; Student Program, Al
fred R. Masters; Departmental Din
ners, Harold Shepherd; Student Body,
Philip Cavalero; Associated Women,
Janet Harris; Class Reunions, J. E.
McDowell; Club Reunions, F. A. Zit
kowski; Fraternity Reunions, Douglas
B. Lewis; Sorority Reunions, Ellen
Woerner; Women's Organizations,
Mrs. M. H. Roth; Church, Rev. I).
Charles Gardner; Recital, Warren D.
Allen; and Dinner, J. E. McDowell.
A full program is planned for the
returning alumni who will be on the
campus for the Big Meet, announces
Charles J. Crary, chairmaij of the
University Day committee.
The various clubs, fraternities, and
sororities of the campus will enter
tain their alumni at luncheons on Sat
uiday before the meet, and an alumni
tea will be held afterwards by the
local alumni women, headed by Mrs.
Parnie H. Storey, chairman of the
hospitality committee. The all-Univer
sity dinner will take place Saturday
evening at 6 o'clock, with several
classes holding special reunion din
ners.
On Sunday, there will be holy com
munion at 8 o'clock, followed by di
vine worship at 11 o'clock. Rev. Sid
ney Snow of Chicago, will preach the
sermon, and the glee club will sing.
A special organ recital at 4 o'clock in
the Memorial Church, by Arthur W.
Poister, from the University of Red
lands, will feature several Liszt num
bers.
Committees working on University
Day plans are as follows: Chairman,
Charles J. Crary; Attendance, J. E.
McDowell; Publicity, Mrs. Allene
Thorpe Lamson; Hospitality, Mrs.
Parnie H. Storey; Entertainment,
Gordon Davis; Student Program, Al
fred R. Masters; Departmental Din
ners, Harold Shepherd; Student Body,
Philip Cavalero; Associated Women,
Janet Harris; Class Reunions, J. E.
McDowell; Club Reunions, F. A. Zit
kowski; Fraternity Reunions, Douglas
B. Lewis; Sorority Reunions, Ellen
Woerner; Women's Organizations,
Mrs. M. H. Roth; Church, Rev. I).
Charles Gardner; Recital, Warren D.
Allen; and Dinner, J. E. McDowell.
A full program is planned for the
returning alumni who will be on the
campus for the Big Meet, announces
Charles J. Crary, chairmaij of the
University Day committee.
The various clubs, fraternities, and
sororities of the campus will enter
tain their alumni at luncheons on Sat
uiday before the meet, and an alumni
tea will be held afterwards by the
local alumni women, headed by Mrs.
Parnie H. Storey, chairman of the
hospitality committee. The all-Univer
sity dinner will take place Saturday
evening at 6 o'clock, with several
classes holding special reunion din
ners.
On Sunday, there will be holy com
munion at 8 o'clock, followed by di
vine worship at 11 o'clock. Rev. Sid
ney Snow of Chicago, will preach the
sermon, and the glee club will sing.
A special organ recital at 4 o'clock in
the Memorial Church, by Arthur W.
Poister, from the University of Red
lands, will feature several Liszt num
bers.
Committees working on University
Day plans are as follows: Chairman,
Charles J. Crary; Attendance, J. E.
McDowell; Publicity, Mrs. Allene
Thorpe Lamson; Hospitality, Mrs.
Parnie H. Storey; Entertainment,
Gordon Davis; Student Program, Al
fred R. Masters; Departmental Din
ners, Harold Shepherd; Student Body,
Philip Cavalero; Associated Women,
Janet Harris; Class Reunions, J. E.
McDowell; Club Reunions, F. A. Zit
kowski; Fraternity Reunions, Douglas
B. Lewis; Sorority Reunions, Ellen
Woerner; Women's Organizations,
Mrs. M. H. Roth; Church, Rev. I).
Charles Gardner; Recital, Warren D.
Allen; and Dinner, J. E. McDowell.
A full program is planned for the
returning alumni who will be on the
campus for the Big Meet, announces
Charles J. Crary, chairmaij of the
University Day committee.
The various clubs, fraternities, and
sororities of the campus will enter
tain their alumni at luncheons on Sat
uiday before the meet, and an alumni
tea will be held afterwards by the
local alumni women, headed by Mrs.
Parnie H. Storey, chairman of the
hospitality committee. The all-Univer
sity dinner will take place Saturday
evening at 6 o'clock, with several
classes holding special reunion din
ners.
On Sunday, there will be holy com
munion at 8 o'clock, followed by di
vine worship at 11 o'clock. Rev. Sid
ney Snow of Chicago, will preach the
sermon, and the glee club will sing.
A special organ recital at 4 o'clock in
the Memorial Church, by Arthur W.
Poister, from the University of Red
lands, will feature several Liszt num
bers.
Committees working on University
Day plans are as follows: Chairman,
Charles J. Crary; Attendance, J. E.
McDowell; Publicity, Mrs. Allene
Thorpe Lamson; Hospitality, Mrs.
Parnie H. Storey; Entertainment,
Gordon Davis; Student Program, Al
fred R. Masters; Departmental Din
ners, Harold Shepherd; Student Body,
Philip Cavalero; Associated Women,
Janet Harris; Class Reunions, J. E.
McDowell; Club Reunions, F. A. Zit
kowski; Fraternity Reunions, Douglas
B. Lewis; Sorority Reunions, Ellen
Woerner; Women's Organizations,
Mrs. M. H. Roth; Church, Rev. I).
Charles Gardner; Recital, Warren D.
Allen; and Dinner, J. E. McDowell.
