# Serbian protests continue
## 
### 

Reuters
A Serbian opposition supporter shouts anti-government slogans in front of a
riot police cordon during a demonstration organized by the opposition Zajedno
coalition In Belgrade yesterday. Dally protest rallies in Belgrade against Ser
bian President Slobodan Milosevic have continued since he Invalidated a set of
local elections which his party lost.

Reuters
A Serbian opposition supporter shouts anti-government slogans in front of a
riot police cordon during a demonstration organized by the opposition Zajedno
coalition In Belgrade yesterday. Dally protest rallies in Belgrade against Ser
bian President Slobodan Milosevic have continued since he Invalidated a set of
local elections which his party lost.

Reuters
A Serbian opposition supporter shouts anti-government slogans in front of a
riot police cordon during a demonstration organized by the opposition Zajedno
coalition In Belgrade yesterday. Dally protest rallies in Belgrade against Ser
bian President Slobodan Milosevic have continued since he Invalidated a set of
local elections which his party lost.

Reuters
A Serbian opposition supporter shouts anti-government slogans in front of a
riot police cordon during a demonstration organized by the opposition Zajedno
coalition In Belgrade yesterday. Dally protest rallies in Belgrade against Ser
bian President Slobodan Milosevic have continued since he Invalidated a set of
local elections which his party lost.

Reuters
A Serbian opposition supporter shouts anti-government slogans in front of a
riot police cordon during a demonstration organized by the opposition Zajedno
coalition In Belgrade yesterday. Dally protest rallies in Belgrade against Ser
bian President Slobodan Milosevic have continued since he Invalidated a set of
local elections which his party lost.
