# Employment Interviews
## 
### 
Paul Leslie of the Civilian Per
sonnel Ollicc, White Sands Proving
'Ground, will be at the Placement
Service today to interview graduate
students at all degree levels in en
gineering, mathematics, physics, and
chemistry. The job is at Las Cruces,
New Mexico, and applicants must be
United States citizens.

Today and tomorrow three repre
sentatives of the International Busi
ness Machines Corporation will be
at the Placement Service to inter
view students. The Corporation is
especially interested in students

with majors in the physical sciences, !
mathematics, business administra- I
tion, and electrical and mechanical i
engineering.
♦ * *
Representatives from the Univer
sity of California Radiation Labora
tory will be at the Placement Serv
ice tomorrow to interview for jobs
open to graduates or graduating
seniors. They are interested in jun
ior physicists and chemists at the
B.S. and M.S. levels, senior physi
cists and chemists who are Ph.D.'s,
experienced junior chemical engi
neers at the 13.5. and M.S. levels,
experienced electronics engineers at
all degree levels, test co-ordinating
engineers at B.S. or M.S. levels, and
physicists with experience.
Paul Leslie of the Civilian Per
sonnel Ollicc, White Sands Proving
'Ground, will be at the Placement
Service today to interview graduate
students at all degree levels in en
gineering, mathematics, physics, and
chemistry. The job is at Las Cruces,
New Mexico, and applicants must be
United States citizens.

Today and tomorrow three repre
sentatives of the International Busi
ness Machines Corporation will be
at the Placement Service to inter
view students. The Corporation is
especially interested in students

with majors in the physical sciences, !
mathematics, business administra- I
tion, and electrical and mechanical i
engineering.
♦ * *
Representatives from the Univer
sity of California Radiation Labora
tory will be at the Placement Serv
ice tomorrow to interview for jobs
open to graduates or graduating
seniors. They are interested in jun
ior physicists and chemists at the
B.S. and M.S. levels, senior physi
cists and chemists who are Ph.D.'s,
experienced junior chemical engi
neers at the 13.5. and M.S. levels,
experienced electronics engineers at
all degree levels, test co-ordinating
engineers at B.S. or M.S. levels, and
physicists with experience.
Paul Leslie of the Civilian Per
sonnel Ollicc, White Sands Proving
'Ground, will be at the Placement
Service today to interview graduate
students at all degree levels in en
gineering, mathematics, physics, and
chemistry. The job is at Las Cruces,
New Mexico, and applicants must be
United States citizens.

Today and tomorrow three repre
sentatives of the International Busi
ness Machines Corporation will be
at the Placement Service to inter
view students. The Corporation is
especially interested in students

with majors in the physical sciences, !
mathematics, business administra- I
tion, and electrical and mechanical i
engineering.
♦ * *
Representatives from the Univer
sity of California Radiation Labora
tory will be at the Placement Serv
ice tomorrow to interview for jobs
open to graduates or graduating
seniors. They are interested in jun
ior physicists and chemists at the
B.S. and M.S. levels, senior physi
cists and chemists who are Ph.D.'s,
experienced junior chemical engi
neers at the 13.5. and M.S. levels,
experienced electronics engineers at
all degree levels, test co-ordinating
engineers at B.S. or M.S. levels, and
physicists with experience.
Paul Leslie of the Civilian Per
sonnel Ollicc, White Sands Proving
'Ground, will be at the Placement
Service today to interview graduate
students at all degree levels in en
gineering, mathematics, physics, and
chemistry. The job is at Las Cruces,
New Mexico, and applicants must be
United States citizens.

Today and tomorrow three repre
sentatives of the International Busi
ness Machines Corporation will be
at the Placement Service to inter
view students. The Corporation is
especially interested in students

with majors in the physical sciences, !
mathematics, business administra- I
tion, and electrical and mechanical i
engineering.
♦ * *
Representatives from the Univer
sity of California Radiation Labora
tory will be at the Placement Serv
ice tomorrow to interview for jobs
open to graduates or graduating
seniors. They are interested in jun
ior physicists and chemists at the
B.S. and M.S. levels, senior physi
cists and chemists who are Ph.D.'s,
experienced junior chemical engi
neers at the 13.5. and M.S. levels,
experienced electronics engineers at
all degree levels, test co-ordinating
engineers at B.S. or M.S. levels, and
physicists with experience.
Paul Leslie of the Civilian Per
sonnel Ollicc, White Sands Proving
'Ground, will be at the Placement
Service today to interview graduate
students at all degree levels in en
gineering, mathematics, physics, and
chemistry. The job is at Las Cruces,
New Mexico, and applicants must be
United States citizens.

Today and tomorrow three repre
sentatives of the International Busi
ness Machines Corporation will be
at the Placement Service to inter
view students. The Corporation is
especially interested in students

with majors in the physical sciences, !
mathematics, business administra- I
tion, and electrical and mechanical i
engineering.
♦ * *
Representatives from the Univer
sity of California Radiation Labora
tory will be at the Placement Serv
ice tomorrow to interview for jobs
open to graduates or graduating
seniors. They are interested in jun
ior physicists and chemists at the
B.S. and M.S. levels, senior physi
cists and chemists who are Ph.D.'s,
experienced junior chemical engi
neers at the 13.5. and M.S. levels,
experienced electronics engineers at
all degree levels, test co-ordinating
engineers at B.S. or M.S. levels, and
physicists with experience.
Paul Leslie of the Civilian Per
sonnel Ollicc, White Sands Proving
'Ground, will be at the Placement
Service today to interview graduate
students at all degree levels in en
gineering, mathematics, physics, and
chemistry. The job is at Las Cruces,
New Mexico, and applicants must be
United States citizens.

Today and tomorrow three repre
sentatives of the International Busi
ness Machines Corporation will be
at the Placement Service to inter
view students. The Corporation is
especially interested in students

with majors in the physical sciences, !
mathematics, business administra- I
tion, and electrical and mechanical i
engineering.
♦ * *
Representatives from the Univer
sity of California Radiation Labora
tory will be at the Placement Serv
ice tomorrow to interview for jobs
open to graduates or graduating
seniors. They are interested in jun
ior physicists and chemists at the
B.S. and M.S. levels, senior physi
cists and chemists who are Ph.D.'s,
experienced junior chemical engi
neers at the 13.5. and M.S. levels,
experienced electronics engineers at
all degree levels, test co-ordinating
engineers at B.S. or M.S. levels, and
physicists with experience.
Paul Leslie of the Civilian Per
sonnel Ollicc, White Sands Proving
'Ground, will be at the Placement
Service today to interview graduate
students at all degree levels in en
gineering, mathematics, physics, and
chemistry. The job is at Las Cruces,
New Mexico, and applicants must be
United States citizens.

Today and tomorrow three repre
sentatives of the International Busi
ness Machines Corporation will be
at the Placement Service to inter
view students. The Corporation is
especially interested in students

with majors in the physical sciences, !
mathematics, business administra- I
tion, and electrical and mechanical i
engineering.
♦ * *
Representatives from the Univer
sity of California Radiation Labora
tory will be at the Placement Serv
ice tomorrow to interview for jobs
open to graduates or graduating
seniors. They are interested in jun
ior physicists and chemists at the
B.S. and M.S. levels, senior physi
cists and chemists who are Ph.D.'s,
experienced junior chemical engi
neers at the 13.5. and M.S. levels,
experienced electronics engineers at
all degree levels, test co-ordinating
engineers at B.S. or M.S. levels, and
physicists with experience.
Paul Leslie of the Civilian Per
sonnel Ollicc, White Sands Proving
'Ground, will be at the Placement
Service today to interview graduate
students at all degree levels in en
gineering, mathematics, physics, and
chemistry. The job is at Las Cruces,
New Mexico, and applicants must be
United States citizens.

Today and tomorrow three repre
sentatives of the International Busi
ness Machines Corporation will be
at the Placement Service to inter
view students. The Corporation is
especially interested in students

with majors in the physical sciences, !
mathematics, business administra- I
tion, and electrical and mechanical i
engineering.
♦ * *
Representatives from the Univer
sity of California Radiation Labora
tory will be at the Placement Serv
ice tomorrow to interview for jobs
open to graduates or graduating
seniors. They are interested in jun
ior physicists and chemists at the
B.S. and M.S. levels, senior physi
cists and chemists who are Ph.D.'s,
experienced junior chemical engi
neers at the 13.5. and M.S. levels,
experienced electronics engineers at
all degree levels, test co-ordinating
engineers at B.S. or M.S. levels, and
physicists with experience.
Paul Leslie of the Civilian Per
sonnel Ollicc, White Sands Proving
'Ground, will be at the Placement
Service today to interview graduate
students at all degree levels in en
gineering, mathematics, physics, and
chemistry. The job is at Las Cruces,
New Mexico, and applicants must be
United States citizens.

Today and tomorrow three repre
sentatives of the International Busi
ness Machines Corporation will be
at the Placement Service to inter
view students. The Corporation is
especially interested in students

with majors in the physical sciences, !
mathematics, business administra- I
tion, and electrical and mechanical i
engineering.
♦ * *
Representatives from the Univer
sity of California Radiation Labora
tory will be at the Placement Serv
ice tomorrow to interview for jobs
open to graduates or graduating
seniors. They are interested in jun
ior physicists and chemists at the
B.S. and M.S. levels, senior physi
cists and chemists who are Ph.D.'s,
experienced junior chemical engi
neers at the 13.5. and M.S. levels,
experienced electronics engineers at
all degree levels, test co-ordinating
engineers at B.S. or M.S. levels, and
physicists with experience.
Paul Leslie of the Civilian Per
sonnel Ollicc, White Sands Proving
'Ground, will be at the Placement
Service today to interview graduate
students at all degree levels in en
gineering, mathematics, physics, and
chemistry. The job is at Las Cruces,
New Mexico, and applicants must be
United States citizens.

Today and tomorrow three repre
sentatives of the International Busi
ness Machines Corporation will be
at the Placement Service to inter
view students. The Corporation is
especially interested in students

with majors in the physical sciences, !
mathematics, business administra- I
tion, and electrical and mechanical i
engineering.
♦ * *
Representatives from the Univer
sity of California Radiation Labora
tory will be at the Placement Serv
ice tomorrow to interview for jobs
open to graduates or graduating
seniors. They are interested in jun
ior physicists and chemists at the
B.S. and M.S. levels, senior physi
cists and chemists who are Ph.D.'s,
experienced junior chemical engi
neers at the 13.5. and M.S. levels,
experienced electronics engineers at
all degree levels, test co-ordinating
engineers at B.S. or M.S. levels, and
physicists with experience.
Paul Leslie of the Civilian Per
sonnel Ollicc, White Sands Proving
'Ground, will be at the Placement
Service today to interview graduate
students at all degree levels in en
gineering, mathematics, physics, and
chemistry. The job is at Las Cruces,
New Mexico, and applicants must be
United States citizens.

Today and tomorrow three repre
sentatives of the International Busi
ness Machines Corporation will be
at the Placement Service to inter
view students. The Corporation is
especially interested in students

with majors in the physical sciences, !
mathematics, business administra- I
tion, and electrical and mechanical i
engineering.
♦ * *
Representatives from the Univer
sity of California Radiation Labora
tory will be at the Placement Serv
ice tomorrow to interview for jobs
open to graduates or graduating
seniors. They are interested in jun
ior physicists and chemists at the
B.S. and M.S. levels, senior physi
cists and chemists who are Ph.D.'s,
experienced junior chemical engi
neers at the 13.5. and M.S. levels,
experienced electronics engineers at
all degree levels, test co-ordinating
engineers at B.S. or M.S. levels, and
physicists with experience.
Paul Leslie of the Civilian Per
sonnel Ollicc, White Sands Proving
'Ground, will be at the Placement
Service today to interview graduate
students at all degree levels in en
gineering, mathematics, physics, and
chemistry. The job is at Las Cruces,
New Mexico, and applicants must be
United States citizens.

Today and tomorrow three repre
sentatives of the International Busi
ness Machines Corporation will be
at the Placement Service to inter
view students. The Corporation is
especially interested in students

with majors in the physical sciences, !
mathematics, business administra- I
tion, and electrical and mechanical i
engineering.
♦ * *
Representatives from the Univer
sity of California Radiation Labora
tory will be at the Placement Serv
ice tomorrow to interview for jobs
open to graduates or graduating
seniors. They are interested in jun
ior physicists and chemists at the
B.S. and M.S. levels, senior physi
cists and chemists who are Ph.D.'s,
experienced junior chemical engi
neers at the 13.5. and M.S. levels,
experienced electronics engineers at
all degree levels, test co-ordinating
engineers at B.S. or M.S. levels, and
physicists with experience.
Paul Leslie of the Civilian Per
sonnel Ollicc, White Sands Proving
'Ground, will be at the Placement
Service today to interview graduate
students at all degree levels in en
gineering, mathematics, physics, and
chemistry. The job is at Las Cruces,
New Mexico, and applicants must be
United States citizens.

Today and tomorrow three repre
sentatives of the International Busi
ness Machines Corporation will be
at the Placement Service to inter
view students. The Corporation is
especially interested in students

with majors in the physical sciences, !
mathematics, business administra- I
tion, and electrical and mechanical i
engineering.
♦ * *
Representatives from the Univer
sity of California Radiation Labora
tory will be at the Placement Serv
ice tomorrow to interview for jobs
open to graduates or graduating
seniors. They are interested in jun
ior physicists and chemists at the
B.S. and M.S. levels, senior physi
cists and chemists who are Ph.D.'s,
experienced junior chemical engi
neers at the 13.5. and M.S. levels,
experienced electronics engineers at
all degree levels, test co-ordinating
engineers at B.S. or M.S. levels, and
physicists with experience.
Paul Leslie of the Civilian Per
sonnel Ollicc, White Sands Proving
'Ground, will be at the Placement
Service today to interview graduate
students at all degree levels in en
gineering, mathematics, physics, and
chemistry. The job is at Las Cruces,
New Mexico, and applicants must be
United States citizens.

Today and tomorrow three repre
sentatives of the International Busi
ness Machines Corporation will be
at the Placement Service to inter
view students. The Corporation is
especially interested in students

with majors in the physical sciences, !
mathematics, business administra- I
tion, and electrical and mechanical i
engineering.
♦ * *
Representatives from the Univer
sity of California Radiation Labora
tory will be at the Placement Serv
ice tomorrow to interview for jobs
open to graduates or graduating
seniors. They are interested in jun
ior physicists and chemists at the
B.S. and M.S. levels, senior physi
cists and chemists who are Ph.D.'s,
experienced junior chemical engi
neers at the 13.5. and M.S. levels,
experienced electronics engineers at
all degree levels, test co-ordinating
engineers at B.S. or M.S. levels, and
physicists with experience.
