# Price Freeze Bill Prepared
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21 (UP)
Tlic administration has drafted leu
islation for a !)0 - Hay economic*
freeze, including wage - price con
trols, to be sent to Congress should
President Eisenhower decide the
Communist threat calls for all-out
mobilization.
The Office of Defense Mobilization
also lias drawn up "a comprehensive
general freeze regulation" to follow
up the temporary law. It, could be
adapted to "all types of situations,
including atomic attacks upon the
United States itself."
The administration's "extensive"
activities in the stabilization field
were dsclosed in a report made
public today by the Joint Congres
sional Committee on Defense Pro
duction,
The committee said there has been
"extensive planning" for production
and material controls to "avoid a
repetition of the long delays and
confusion that were experienced in
World War II and aagin in Korea
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21 (UP)
Tlic administration has drafted leu
islation for a !)0 - Hay economic*
freeze, including wage - price con
trols, to be sent to Congress should
President Eisenhower decide the
Communist threat calls for all-out
mobilization.
The Office of Defense Mobilization
also lias drawn up "a comprehensive
general freeze regulation" to follow
up the temporary law. It, could be
adapted to "all types of situations,
including atomic attacks upon the
United States itself."
The administration's "extensive"
activities in the stabilization field
were dsclosed in a report made
public today by the Joint Congres
sional Committee on Defense Pro
duction,
The committee said there has been
"extensive planning" for production
and material controls to "avoid a
repetition of the long delays and
confusion that were experienced in
World War II and aagin in Korea
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21 (UP)
Tlic administration has drafted leu
islation for a !)0 - Hay economic*
freeze, including wage - price con
trols, to be sent to Congress should
President Eisenhower decide the
Communist threat calls for all-out
mobilization.
The Office of Defense Mobilization
also lias drawn up "a comprehensive
general freeze regulation" to follow
up the temporary law. It, could be
adapted to "all types of situations,
including atomic attacks upon the
United States itself."
The administration's "extensive"
activities in the stabilization field
were dsclosed in a report made
public today by the Joint Congres
sional Committee on Defense Pro
duction,
The committee said there has been
"extensive planning" for production
and material controls to "avoid a
repetition of the long delays and
confusion that were experienced in
World War II and aagin in Korea
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21 (UP)
Tlic administration has drafted leu
islation for a !)0 - Hay economic*
freeze, including wage - price con
trols, to be sent to Congress should
President Eisenhower decide the
Communist threat calls for all-out
mobilization.
The Office of Defense Mobilization
also lias drawn up "a comprehensive
general freeze regulation" to follow
up the temporary law. It, could be
adapted to "all types of situations,
including atomic attacks upon the
United States itself."
The administration's "extensive"
activities in the stabilization field
were dsclosed in a report made
public today by the Joint Congres
sional Committee on Defense Pro
duction,
The committee said there has been
"extensive planning" for production
and material controls to "avoid a
repetition of the long delays and
confusion that were experienced in
World War II and aagin in Korea
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21 (UP)
Tlic administration has drafted leu
islation for a !)0 - Hay economic*
freeze, including wage - price con
trols, to be sent to Congress should
President Eisenhower decide the
Communist threat calls for all-out
mobilization.
The Office of Defense Mobilization
also lias drawn up "a comprehensive
general freeze regulation" to follow
up the temporary law. It, could be
adapted to "all types of situations,
including atomic attacks upon the
United States itself."
The administration's "extensive"
activities in the stabilization field
were dsclosed in a report made
public today by the Joint Congres
sional Committee on Defense Pro
duction,
The committee said there has been
"extensive planning" for production
and material controls to "avoid a
repetition of the long delays and
confusion that were experienced in
World War II and aagin in Korea
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21 (UP)
Tlic administration has drafted leu
islation for a !)0 - Hay economic*
freeze, including wage - price con
trols, to be sent to Congress should
President Eisenhower decide the
Communist threat calls for all-out
mobilization.
The Office of Defense Mobilization
also lias drawn up "a comprehensive
general freeze regulation" to follow
up the temporary law. It, could be
adapted to "all types of situations,
including atomic attacks upon the
United States itself."
The administration's "extensive"
activities in the stabilization field
were dsclosed in a report made
public today by the Joint Congres
sional Committee on Defense Pro
duction,
The committee said there has been
"extensive planning" for production
and material controls to "avoid a
repetition of the long delays and
confusion that were experienced in
World War II and aagin in Korea
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21 (UP)
Tlic administration has drafted leu
islation for a !)0 - Hay economic*
freeze, including wage - price con
trols, to be sent to Congress should
President Eisenhower decide the
Communist threat calls for all-out
mobilization.
The Office of Defense Mobilization
also lias drawn up "a comprehensive
general freeze regulation" to follow
up the temporary law. It, could be
adapted to "all types of situations,
including atomic attacks upon the
United States itself."
The administration's "extensive"
activities in the stabilization field
were dsclosed in a report made
public today by the Joint Congres
sional Committee on Defense Pro
duction,
The committee said there has been
"extensive planning" for production
and material controls to "avoid a
repetition of the long delays and
confusion that were experienced in
World War II and aagin in Korea
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21 (UP)
Tlic administration has drafted leu
islation for a !)0 - Hay economic*
freeze, including wage - price con
trols, to be sent to Congress should
President Eisenhower decide the
Communist threat calls for all-out
mobilization.
The Office of Defense Mobilization
also lias drawn up "a comprehensive
general freeze regulation" to follow
up the temporary law. It, could be
adapted to "all types of situations,
including atomic attacks upon the
United States itself."
The administration's "extensive"
activities in the stabilization field
were dsclosed in a report made
public today by the Joint Congres
sional Committee on Defense Pro
duction,
The committee said there has been
"extensive planning" for production
and material controls to "avoid a
repetition of the long delays and
confusion that were experienced in
World War II and aagin in Korea
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21 (UP)
Tlic administration has drafted leu
islation for a !)0 - Hay economic*
freeze, including wage - price con
trols, to be sent to Congress should
President Eisenhower decide the
Communist threat calls for all-out
mobilization.
The Office of Defense Mobilization
also lias drawn up "a comprehensive
general freeze regulation" to follow
up the temporary law. It, could be
adapted to "all types of situations,
including atomic attacks upon the
United States itself."
The administration's "extensive"
activities in the stabilization field
were dsclosed in a report made
public today by the Joint Congres
sional Committee on Defense Pro
duction,
The committee said there has been
"extensive planning" for production
and material controls to "avoid a
repetition of the long delays and
confusion that were experienced in
World War II and aagin in Korea
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21 (UP)
Tlic administration has drafted leu
islation for a !)0 - Hay economic*
freeze, including wage - price con
trols, to be sent to Congress should
President Eisenhower decide the
Communist threat calls for all-out
mobilization.
The Office of Defense Mobilization
also lias drawn up "a comprehensive
general freeze regulation" to follow
up the temporary law. It, could be
adapted to "all types of situations,
including atomic attacks upon the
United States itself."
The administration's "extensive"
activities in the stabilization field
were dsclosed in a report made
public today by the Joint Congres
sional Committee on Defense Pro
duction,
The committee said there has been
"extensive planning" for production
and material controls to "avoid a
repetition of the long delays and
confusion that were experienced in
World War II and aagin in Korea
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21 (UP)
Tlic administration has drafted leu
islation for a !)0 - Hay economic*
freeze, including wage - price con
trols, to be sent to Congress should
President Eisenhower decide the
Communist threat calls for all-out
mobilization.
The Office of Defense Mobilization
also lias drawn up "a comprehensive
general freeze regulation" to follow
up the temporary law. It, could be
adapted to "all types of situations,
including atomic attacks upon the
United States itself."
The administration's "extensive"
activities in the stabilization field
were dsclosed in a report made
public today by the Joint Congres
sional Committee on Defense Pro
duction,
The committee said there has been
"extensive planning" for production
and material controls to "avoid a
repetition of the long delays and
confusion that were experienced in
World War II and aagin in Korea
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21 (UP)
Tlic administration has drafted leu
islation for a !)0 - Hay economic*
freeze, including wage - price con
trols, to be sent to Congress should
President Eisenhower decide the
Communist threat calls for all-out
mobilization.
The Office of Defense Mobilization
also lias drawn up "a comprehensive
general freeze regulation" to follow
up the temporary law. It, could be
adapted to "all types of situations,
including atomic attacks upon the
United States itself."
The administration's "extensive"
activities in the stabilization field
were dsclosed in a report made
public today by the Joint Congres
sional Committee on Defense Pro
duction,
The committee said there has been
"extensive planning" for production
and material controls to "avoid a
repetition of the long delays and
confusion that were experienced in
World War II and aagin in Korea
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21 (UP)
Tlic administration has drafted leu
islation for a !)0 - Hay economic*
freeze, including wage - price con
trols, to be sent to Congress should
President Eisenhower decide the
Communist threat calls for all-out
mobilization.
The Office of Defense Mobilization
also lias drawn up "a comprehensive
general freeze regulation" to follow
up the temporary law. It, could be
adapted to "all types of situations,
including atomic attacks upon the
United States itself."
The administration's "extensive"
activities in the stabilization field
were dsclosed in a report made
public today by the Joint Congres
sional Committee on Defense Pro
duction,
The committee said there has been
"extensive planning" for production
and material controls to "avoid a
repetition of the long delays and
confusion that were experienced in
World War II and aagin in Korea
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21 (UP)
Tlic administration has drafted leu
islation for a !)0 - Hay economic*
freeze, including wage - price con
trols, to be sent to Congress should
President Eisenhower decide the
Communist threat calls for all-out
mobilization.
The Office of Defense Mobilization
also lias drawn up "a comprehensive
general freeze regulation" to follow
up the temporary law. It, could be
adapted to "all types of situations,
including atomic attacks upon the
United States itself."
The administration's "extensive"
activities in the stabilization field
were dsclosed in a report made
public today by the Joint Congres
sional Committee on Defense Pro
duction,
The committee said there has been
"extensive planning" for production
and material controls to "avoid a
repetition of the long delays and
confusion that were experienced in
World War II and aagin in Korea
