# Nationalists Smash Reds
## 
### 
TAIPEI. Formt>ea, Nov. 21 (UP) —
Nationalist Chinese bombers today
smashed at Communist invasion
build-up centers around threatened
Tachen Island for the second straight
day.
An official Nationalist report
claimed six Red Chinese submarines
had arrived in the area north of the
Nationalist - held island outpost
guarding the invasion routes to For
mosa.
TAIPEI. Formt>ea, Nov. 21 (UP) —
Nationalist Chinese bombers today
smashed at Communist invasion
build-up centers around threatened
Tachen Island for the second straight
day.
An official Nationalist report
claimed six Red Chinese submarines
had arrived in the area north of the
Nationalist - held island outpost
guarding the invasion routes to For
mosa.
TAIPEI. Formt>ea, Nov. 21 (UP) —
Nationalist Chinese bombers today
smashed at Communist invasion
build-up centers around threatened
Tachen Island for the second straight
day.
An official Nationalist report
claimed six Red Chinese submarines
had arrived in the area north of the
Nationalist - held island outpost
guarding the invasion routes to For
mosa.
TAIPEI. Formt>ea, Nov. 21 (UP) —
Nationalist Chinese bombers today
smashed at Communist invasion
build-up centers around threatened
Tachen Island for the second straight
day.
An official Nationalist report
claimed six Red Chinese submarines
had arrived in the area north of the
Nationalist - held island outpost
guarding the invasion routes to For
mosa.
TAIPEI. Formt>ea, Nov. 21 (UP) —
Nationalist Chinese bombers today
smashed at Communist invasion
build-up centers around threatened
Tachen Island for the second straight
day.
An official Nationalist report
claimed six Red Chinese submarines
had arrived in the area north of the
Nationalist - held island outpost
guarding the invasion routes to For
mosa.
TAIPEI. Formt>ea, Nov. 21 (UP) —
Nationalist Chinese bombers today
smashed at Communist invasion
build-up centers around threatened
Tachen Island for the second straight
day.
An official Nationalist report
claimed six Red Chinese submarines
had arrived in the area north of the
Nationalist - held island outpost
guarding the invasion routes to For
mosa.
TAIPEI. Formt>ea, Nov. 21 (UP) —
Nationalist Chinese bombers today
smashed at Communist invasion
build-up centers around threatened
Tachen Island for the second straight
day.
An official Nationalist report
claimed six Red Chinese submarines
had arrived in the area north of the
Nationalist - held island outpost
guarding the invasion routes to For
mosa.
TAIPEI. Formt>ea, Nov. 21 (UP) —
Nationalist Chinese bombers today
smashed at Communist invasion
build-up centers around threatened
Tachen Island for the second straight
day.
An official Nationalist report
claimed six Red Chinese submarines
had arrived in the area north of the
Nationalist - held island outpost
guarding the invasion routes to For
mosa.
TAIPEI. Formt>ea, Nov. 21 (UP) —
Nationalist Chinese bombers today
smashed at Communist invasion
build-up centers around threatened
Tachen Island for the second straight
day.
An official Nationalist report
claimed six Red Chinese submarines
had arrived in the area north of the
Nationalist - held island outpost
guarding the invasion routes to For
mosa.
TAIPEI. Formt>ea, Nov. 21 (UP) —
Nationalist Chinese bombers today
smashed at Communist invasion
build-up centers around threatened
Tachen Island for the second straight
day.
An official Nationalist report
claimed six Red Chinese submarines
had arrived in the area north of the
Nationalist - held island outpost
guarding the invasion routes to For
mosa.
TAIPEI. Formt>ea, Nov. 21 (UP) —
Nationalist Chinese bombers today
smashed at Communist invasion
build-up centers around threatened
Tachen Island for the second straight
day.
An official Nationalist report
claimed six Red Chinese submarines
had arrived in the area north of the
Nationalist - held island outpost
guarding the invasion routes to For
mosa.
TAIPEI. Formt>ea, Nov. 21 (UP) —
Nationalist Chinese bombers today
smashed at Communist invasion
build-up centers around threatened
Tachen Island for the second straight
day.
An official Nationalist report
claimed six Red Chinese submarines
had arrived in the area north of the
Nationalist - held island outpost
guarding the invasion routes to For
mosa.
TAIPEI. Formt>ea, Nov. 21 (UP) —
Nationalist Chinese bombers today
smashed at Communist invasion
build-up centers around threatened
Tachen Island for the second straight
day.
An official Nationalist report
claimed six Red Chinese submarines
had arrived in the area north of the
Nationalist - held island outpost
guarding the invasion routes to For
mosa.
TAIPEI. Formt>ea, Nov. 21 (UP) —
Nationalist Chinese bombers today
smashed at Communist invasion
build-up centers around threatened
Tachen Island for the second straight
day.
An official Nationalist report
claimed six Red Chinese submarines
had arrived in the area north of the
Nationalist - held island outpost
guarding the invasion routes to For
mosa.
