# Mock Card-Husky Battle at Rally
## 
### 
A re-enactment of the Stanford -
University of Washington game
Saturday will be one of the high
lights at the Washington rally Fri
day night at 7:30 in the Pavilion,
according to Jean Strong and Sam
Brenner, co-chairmen of the pro
gram.
Garvin Berry will M.C. the rally,
which will include a mock Wash
ington rooting section, a special
team of Huskies that will brave
the Washington snows to bring the
Coach of the University of Wash
ington to the rally, and the Wash
ington cheer leaders who will lead
a series of unusual yells.
A re-enactment of the Stanford -
University of Washington game
Saturday will be one of the high
lights at the Washington rally Fri
day night at 7:30 in the Pavilion,
according to Jean Strong and Sam
Brenner, co-chairmen of the pro
gram.
Garvin Berry will M.C. the rally,
which will include a mock Wash
ington rooting section, a special
team of Huskies that will brave
the Washington snows to bring the
Coach of the University of Wash
ington to the rally, and the Wash
ington cheer leaders who will lead
a series of unusual yells.
A re-enactment of the Stanford -
University of Washington game
Saturday will be one of the high
lights at the Washington rally Fri
day night at 7:30 in the Pavilion,
according to Jean Strong and Sam
Brenner, co-chairmen of the pro
gram.
Garvin Berry will M.C. the rally,
which will include a mock Wash
ington rooting section, a special
team of Huskies that will brave
the Washington snows to bring the
Coach of the University of Wash
ington to the rally, and the Wash
ington cheer leaders who will lead
a series of unusual yells.
A re-enactment of the Stanford -
University of Washington game
Saturday will be one of the high
lights at the Washington rally Fri
day night at 7:30 in the Pavilion,
according to Jean Strong and Sam
Brenner, co-chairmen of the pro
gram.
Garvin Berry will M.C. the rally,
which will include a mock Wash
ington rooting section, a special
team of Huskies that will brave
the Washington snows to bring the
Coach of the University of Wash
ington to the rally, and the Wash
ington cheer leaders who will lead
a series of unusual yells.
A re-enactment of the Stanford -
University of Washington game
Saturday will be one of the high
lights at the Washington rally Fri
day night at 7:30 in the Pavilion,
according to Jean Strong and Sam
Brenner, co-chairmen of the pro
gram.
Garvin Berry will M.C. the rally,
which will include a mock Wash
ington rooting section, a special
team of Huskies that will brave
the Washington snows to bring the
Coach of the University of Wash
ington to the rally, and the Wash
ington cheer leaders who will lead
a series of unusual yells.
A re-enactment of the Stanford -
University of Washington game
Saturday will be one of the high
lights at the Washington rally Fri
day night at 7:30 in the Pavilion,
according to Jean Strong and Sam
Brenner, co-chairmen of the pro
gram.
Garvin Berry will M.C. the rally,
which will include a mock Wash
ington rooting section, a special
team of Huskies that will brave
the Washington snows to bring the
Coach of the University of Wash
ington to the rally, and the Wash
ington cheer leaders who will lead
a series of unusual yells.
A re-enactment of the Stanford -
University of Washington game
Saturday will be one of the high
lights at the Washington rally Fri
day night at 7:30 in the Pavilion,
according to Jean Strong and Sam
Brenner, co-chairmen of the pro
gram.
Garvin Berry will M.C. the rally,
which will include a mock Wash
ington rooting section, a special
team of Huskies that will brave
the Washington snows to bring the
Coach of the University of Wash
ington to the rally, and the Wash
ington cheer leaders who will lead
a series of unusual yells.
A re-enactment of the Stanford -
University of Washington game
Saturday will be one of the high
lights at the Washington rally Fri
day night at 7:30 in the Pavilion,
according to Jean Strong and Sam
Brenner, co-chairmen of the pro
gram.
Garvin Berry will M.C. the rally,
which will include a mock Wash
ington rooting section, a special
team of Huskies that will brave
the Washington snows to bring the
Coach of the University of Wash
ington to the rally, and the Wash
ington cheer leaders who will lead
a series of unusual yells.
A re-enactment of the Stanford -
University of Washington game
Saturday will be one of the high
lights at the Washington rally Fri
day night at 7:30 in the Pavilion,
according to Jean Strong and Sam
Brenner, co-chairmen of the pro
gram.
Garvin Berry will M.C. the rally,
which will include a mock Wash
ington rooting section, a special
team of Huskies that will brave
the Washington snows to bring the
Coach of the University of Wash
ington to the rally, and the Wash
ington cheer leaders who will lead
a series of unusual yells.
A re-enactment of the Stanford -
University of Washington game
Saturday will be one of the high
lights at the Washington rally Fri
day night at 7:30 in the Pavilion,
according to Jean Strong and Sam
Brenner, co-chairmen of the pro
gram.
Garvin Berry will M.C. the rally,
which will include a mock Wash
ington rooting section, a special
team of Huskies that will brave
the Washington snows to bring the
Coach of the University of Wash
ington to the rally, and the Wash
ington cheer leaders who will lead
a series of unusual yells.
A re-enactment of the Stanford -
University of Washington game
Saturday will be one of the high
lights at the Washington rally Fri
day night at 7:30 in the Pavilion,
according to Jean Strong and Sam
Brenner, co-chairmen of the pro
gram.
Garvin Berry will M.C. the rally,
which will include a mock Wash
ington rooting section, a special
team of Huskies that will brave
the Washington snows to bring the
Coach of the University of Wash
ington to the rally, and the Wash
ington cheer leaders who will lead
a series of unusual yells.
A re-enactment of the Stanford -
University of Washington game
Saturday will be one of the high
lights at the Washington rally Fri
day night at 7:30 in the Pavilion,
according to Jean Strong and Sam
Brenner, co-chairmen of the pro
gram.
Garvin Berry will M.C. the rally,
which will include a mock Wash
ington rooting section, a special
team of Huskies that will brave
the Washington snows to bring the
Coach of the University of Wash
ington to the rally, and the Wash
ington cheer leaders who will lead
a series of unusual yells.
A re-enactment of the Stanford -
University of Washington game
Saturday will be one of the high
lights at the Washington rally Fri
day night at 7:30 in the Pavilion,
according to Jean Strong and Sam
Brenner, co-chairmen of the pro
gram.
Garvin Berry will M.C. the rally,
which will include a mock Wash
ington rooting section, a special
team of Huskies that will brave
the Washington snows to bring the
Coach of the University of Wash
ington to the rally, and the Wash
ington cheer leaders who will lead
a series of unusual yells.
A re-enactment of the Stanford -
University of Washington game
Saturday will be one of the high
lights at the Washington rally Fri
day night at 7:30 in the Pavilion,
according to Jean Strong and Sam
Brenner, co-chairmen of the pro
gram.
Garvin Berry will M.C. the rally,
which will include a mock Wash
ington rooting section, a special
team of Huskies that will brave
the Washington snows to bring the
Coach of the University of Wash
ington to the rally, and the Wash
ington cheer leaders who will lead
a series of unusual yells.
A re-enactment of the Stanford -
University of Washington game
Saturday will be one of the high
lights at the Washington rally Fri
day night at 7:30 in the Pavilion,
according to Jean Strong and Sam
Brenner, co-chairmen of the pro
gram.
Garvin Berry will M.C. the rally,
which will include a mock Wash
ington rooting section, a special
team of Huskies that will brave
the Washington snows to bring the
Coach of the University of Wash
ington to the rally, and the Wash
ington cheer leaders who will lead
a series of unusual yells.
