# Untitled Article
## 
### 
S. Arakawa, '11, is now connected
with the Bureau of Public Works at
Seoni, the capitol of Korea, and is
about to start work on a steel high
way bridge of ten trestles of two
hundred feet span each. He has re
cently made an examination and re
port on the drainage system of the
city of Seoul.
S. Arakawa, '11, is now connected
with the Bureau of Public Works at
Seoni, the capitol of Korea, and is
about to start work on a steel high
way bridge of ten trestles of two
hundred feet span each. He has re
cently made an examination and re
port on the drainage system of the
city of Seoul.
S. Arakawa, '11, is now connected
with the Bureau of Public Works at
Seoni, the capitol of Korea, and is
about to start work on a steel high
way bridge of ten trestles of two
hundred feet span each. He has re
cently made an examination and re
port on the drainage system of the
city of Seoul.
S. Arakawa, '11, is now connected
with the Bureau of Public Works at
Seoni, the capitol of Korea, and is
about to start work on a steel high
way bridge of ten trestles of two
hundred feet span each. He has re
cently made an examination and re
port on the drainage system of the
city of Seoul.
S. Arakawa, '11, is now connected
with the Bureau of Public Works at
Seoni, the capitol of Korea, and is
about to start work on a steel high
way bridge of ten trestles of two
hundred feet span each. He has re
cently made an examination and re
port on the drainage system of the
city of Seoul.
S. Arakawa, '11, is now connected
with the Bureau of Public Works at
Seoni, the capitol of Korea, and is
about to start work on a steel high
way bridge of ten trestles of two
hundred feet span each. He has re
cently made an examination and re
port on the drainage system of the
city of Seoul.
S. Arakawa, '11, is now connected
with the Bureau of Public Works at
Seoni, the capitol of Korea, and is
about to start work on a steel high
way bridge of ten trestles of two
hundred feet span each. He has re
cently made an examination and re
port on the drainage system of the
city of Seoul.
S. Arakawa, '11, is now connected
with the Bureau of Public Works at
Seoni, the capitol of Korea, and is
about to start work on a steel high
way bridge of ten trestles of two
hundred feet span each. He has re
cently made an examination and re
port on the drainage system of the
city of Seoul.
S. Arakawa, '11, is now connected
with the Bureau of Public Works at
Seoni, the capitol of Korea, and is
about to start work on a steel high
way bridge of ten trestles of two
hundred feet span each. He has re
cently made an examination and re
port on the drainage system of the
city of Seoul.
S. Arakawa, '11, is now connected
with the Bureau of Public Works at
Seoni, the capitol of Korea, and is
about to start work on a steel high
way bridge of ten trestles of two
hundred feet span each. He has re
cently made an examination and re
port on the drainage system of the
city of Seoul.
S. Arakawa, '11, is now connected
with the Bureau of Public Works at
Seoni, the capitol of Korea, and is
about to start work on a steel high
way bridge of ten trestles of two
hundred feet span each. He has re
cently made an examination and re
port on the drainage system of the
city of Seoul.
S. Arakawa, '11, is now connected
with the Bureau of Public Works at
Seoni, the capitol of Korea, and is
about to start work on a steel high
way bridge of ten trestles of two
hundred feet span each. He has re
cently made an examination and re
port on the drainage system of the
city of Seoul.
S. Arakawa, '11, is now connected
with the Bureau of Public Works at
Seoni, the capitol of Korea, and is
about to start work on a steel high
way bridge of ten trestles of two
hundred feet span each. He has re
cently made an examination and re
port on the drainage system of the
city of Seoul.
