# Untitled Article
## 
### 
R.C. Briggs, '13, passed the civil
service examination to the coast sur
vey early in the summer and has en
tered that department of the govern
ment work.
R.C. Briggs, '13, passed the civil
service examination to the coast sur
vey early in the summer and has en
tered that department of the govern
ment work.
R.C. Briggs, '13, passed the civil
service examination to the coast sur
vey early in the summer and has en
tered that department of the govern
ment work.
R.C. Briggs, '13, passed the civil
service examination to the coast sur
vey early in the summer and has en
tered that department of the govern
ment work.
R.C. Briggs, '13, passed the civil
service examination to the coast sur
vey early in the summer and has en
tered that department of the govern
ment work.
R.C. Briggs, '13, passed the civil
service examination to the coast sur
vey early in the summer and has en
tered that department of the govern
ment work.
R.C. Briggs, '13, passed the civil
service examination to the coast sur
vey early in the summer and has en
tered that department of the govern
ment work.
R.C. Briggs, '13, passed the civil
service examination to the coast sur
vey early in the summer and has en
tered that department of the govern
ment work.
R.C. Briggs, '13, passed the civil
service examination to the coast sur
vey early in the summer and has en
tered that department of the govern
ment work.
R.C. Briggs, '13, passed the civil
service examination to the coast sur
vey early in the summer and has en
tered that department of the govern
ment work.
R.C. Briggs, '13, passed the civil
service examination to the coast sur
vey early in the summer and has en
tered that department of the govern
ment work.
R.C. Briggs, '13, passed the civil
service examination to the coast sur
vey early in the summer and has en
tered that department of the govern
ment work.
R.C. Briggs, '13, passed the civil
service examination to the coast sur
vey early in the summer and has en
tered that department of the govern
ment work.
