# CHOIR PRACTICE
## 
### 
Choir practice, under the direction j
of Warren D. Allen, will be held to- i
morrow evening in Room 84 on the i
Quad. Allen will welcome at 7 o'clock '
any new students who wish to regis- I
ter for work.
Head in Daily Illini, Urbana, 111.—
Baptists Hold Annual Picnic in Cham- j
paign. |
Choir practice, under the direction j
of Warren D. Allen, will be held to- i
morrow evening in Room 84 on the i
Quad. Allen will welcome at 7 o'clock '
any new students who wish to regis- I
ter for work.
Head in Daily Illini, Urbana, 111.—
Baptists Hold Annual Picnic in Cham- j
paign. |
Choir practice, under the direction j
of Warren D. Allen, will be held to- i
morrow evening in Room 84 on the i
Quad. Allen will welcome at 7 o'clock '
any new students who wish to regis- I
ter for work.
Head in Daily Illini, Urbana, 111.—
Baptists Hold Annual Picnic in Cham- j
paign. |
Choir practice, under the direction j
of Warren D. Allen, will be held to- i
morrow evening in Room 84 on the i
Quad. Allen will welcome at 7 o'clock '
any new students who wish to regis- I
ter for work.
Head in Daily Illini, Urbana, 111.—
Baptists Hold Annual Picnic in Cham- j
paign. |
Choir practice, under the direction j
of Warren D. Allen, will be held to- i
morrow evening in Room 84 on the i
Quad. Allen will welcome at 7 o'clock '
any new students who wish to regis- I
ter for work.
Head in Daily Illini, Urbana, 111.—
Baptists Hold Annual Picnic in Cham- j
paign. |
Choir practice, under the direction j
of Warren D. Allen, will be held to- i
morrow evening in Room 84 on the i
Quad. Allen will welcome at 7 o'clock '
any new students who wish to regis- I
ter for work.
Head in Daily Illini, Urbana, 111.—
Baptists Hold Annual Picnic in Cham- j
paign. |
Choir practice, under the direction j
of Warren D. Allen, will be held to- i
morrow evening in Room 84 on the i
Quad. Allen will welcome at 7 o'clock '
any new students who wish to regis- I
ter for work.
Head in Daily Illini, Urbana, 111.—
Baptists Hold Annual Picnic in Cham- j
paign. |
Choir practice, under the direction j
of Warren D. Allen, will be held to- i
morrow evening in Room 84 on the i
Quad. Allen will welcome at 7 o'clock '
any new students who wish to regis- I
ter for work.
Head in Daily Illini, Urbana, 111.—
Baptists Hold Annual Picnic in Cham- j
paign. |
Choir practice, under the direction j
of Warren D. Allen, will be held to- i
morrow evening in Room 84 on the i
Quad. Allen will welcome at 7 o'clock '
any new students who wish to regis- I
ter for work.
Head in Daily Illini, Urbana, 111.—
Baptists Hold Annual Picnic in Cham- j
paign. |
Choir practice, under the direction j
of Warren D. Allen, will be held to- i
morrow evening in Room 84 on the i
Quad. Allen will welcome at 7 o'clock '
any new students who wish to regis- I
ter for work.
Head in Daily Illini, Urbana, 111.—
Baptists Hold Annual Picnic in Cham- j
paign. |
Choir practice, under the direction j
of Warren D. Allen, will be held to- i
morrow evening in Room 84 on the i
Quad. Allen will welcome at 7 o'clock '
any new students who wish to regis- I
ter for work.
Head in Daily Illini, Urbana, 111.—
Baptists Hold Annual Picnic in Cham- j
paign. |
Choir practice, under the direction j
of Warren D. Allen, will be held to- i
morrow evening in Room 84 on the i
Quad. Allen will welcome at 7 o'clock '
any new students who wish to regis- I
ter for work.
Head in Daily Illini, Urbana, 111.—
Baptists Hold Annual Picnic in Cham- j
paign. |
Choir practice, under the direction j
of Warren D. Allen, will be held to- i
morrow evening in Room 84 on the i
Quad. Allen will welcome at 7 o'clock '
any new students who wish to regis- I
ter for work.
Head in Daily Illini, Urbana, 111.—
Baptists Hold Annual Picnic in Cham- j
paign. |
Choir practice, under the direction j
of Warren D. Allen, will be held to- i
morrow evening in Room 84 on the i
Quad. Allen will welcome at 7 o'clock '
any new students who wish to regis- I
ter for work.
Head in Daily Illini, Urbana, 111.—
Baptists Hold Annual Picnic in Cham- j
paign. |
