# P.C.C. TO VOTE ON GRID BROADCASTS FOR NEXT SEASON
## 
### 
Meeting in San Francisco this
week-end, the Pacific Coast Con
ference radio committee will de
cide whether or not football games
will be broadcast next season. A1
Masters of Stanford, who has gone
on record as favoring the broad
casting, is preparing a report.
Members of the Eastern Inter
collegiate Athletic Association,
comprising Harvard, Yale, Prince
ton, Pennsylvania, Brown, Pitts
burgh, Navy, Army, Columbia,
Syracuse, Dartmouth, and Penn
State, voted at their meeting Tues
day to ban broadcasts. Their move
may influence the decision of the
Pacific Coast schools on this prob
lem.
Meeting in San Francisco this
week-end, the Pacific Coast Con
ference radio committee will de
cide whether or not football games
will be broadcast next season. A1
Masters of Stanford, who has gone
on record as favoring the broad
casting, is preparing a report.
Members of the Eastern Inter
collegiate Athletic Association,
comprising Harvard, Yale, Prince
ton, Pennsylvania, Brown, Pitts
burgh, Navy, Army, Columbia,
Syracuse, Dartmouth, and Penn
State, voted at their meeting Tues
day to ban broadcasts. Their move
may influence the decision of the
Pacific Coast schools on this prob
lem.
Meeting in San Francisco this
week-end, the Pacific Coast Con
ference radio committee will de
cide whether or not football games
will be broadcast next season. A1
Masters of Stanford, who has gone
on record as favoring the broad
casting, is preparing a report.
Members of the Eastern Inter
collegiate Athletic Association,
comprising Harvard, Yale, Prince
ton, Pennsylvania, Brown, Pitts
burgh, Navy, Army, Columbia,
Syracuse, Dartmouth, and Penn
State, voted at their meeting Tues
day to ban broadcasts. Their move
may influence the decision of the
Pacific Coast schools on this prob
lem.
Meeting in San Francisco this
week-end, the Pacific Coast Con
ference radio committee will de
cide whether or not football games
will be broadcast next season. A1
Masters of Stanford, who has gone
on record as favoring the broad
casting, is preparing a report.
Members of the Eastern Inter
collegiate Athletic Association,
comprising Harvard, Yale, Prince
ton, Pennsylvania, Brown, Pitts
burgh, Navy, Army, Columbia,
Syracuse, Dartmouth, and Penn
State, voted at their meeting Tues
day to ban broadcasts. Their move
may influence the decision of the
Pacific Coast schools on this prob
lem.
Meeting in San Francisco this
week-end, the Pacific Coast Con
ference radio committee will de
cide whether or not football games
will be broadcast next season. A1
Masters of Stanford, who has gone
on record as favoring the broad
casting, is preparing a report.
Members of the Eastern Inter
collegiate Athletic Association,
comprising Harvard, Yale, Prince
ton, Pennsylvania, Brown, Pitts
burgh, Navy, Army, Columbia,
Syracuse, Dartmouth, and Penn
State, voted at their meeting Tues
day to ban broadcasts. Their move
may influence the decision of the
Pacific Coast schools on this prob
lem.
Meeting in San Francisco this
week-end, the Pacific Coast Con
ference radio committee will de
cide whether or not football games
will be broadcast next season. A1
Masters of Stanford, who has gone
on record as favoring the broad
casting, is preparing a report.
Members of the Eastern Inter
collegiate Athletic Association,
comprising Harvard, Yale, Prince
ton, Pennsylvania, Brown, Pitts
burgh, Navy, Army, Columbia,
Syracuse, Dartmouth, and Penn
State, voted at their meeting Tues
day to ban broadcasts. Their move
may influence the decision of the
Pacific Coast schools on this prob
lem.
Meeting in San Francisco this
week-end, the Pacific Coast Con
ference radio committee will de
cide whether or not football games
will be broadcast next season. A1
Masters of Stanford, who has gone
on record as favoring the broad
casting, is preparing a report.
Members of the Eastern Inter
collegiate Athletic Association,
comprising Harvard, Yale, Prince
ton, Pennsylvania, Brown, Pitts
burgh, Navy, Army, Columbia,
Syracuse, Dartmouth, and Penn
State, voted at their meeting Tues
day to ban broadcasts. Their move
may influence the decision of the
Pacific Coast schools on this prob
lem.
Meeting in San Francisco this
week-end, the Pacific Coast Con
ference radio committee will de
cide whether or not football games
will be broadcast next season. A1
Masters of Stanford, who has gone
on record as favoring the broad
casting, is preparing a report.
Members of the Eastern Inter
collegiate Athletic Association,
comprising Harvard, Yale, Prince
ton, Pennsylvania, Brown, Pitts
burgh, Navy, Army, Columbia,
Syracuse, Dartmouth, and Penn
State, voted at their meeting Tues
day to ban broadcasts. Their move
may influence the decision of the
Pacific Coast schools on this prob
lem.
Meeting in San Francisco this
week-end, the Pacific Coast Con
ference radio committee will de
cide whether or not football games
will be broadcast next season. A1
Masters of Stanford, who has gone
on record as favoring the broad
casting, is preparing a report.
Members of the Eastern Inter
collegiate Athletic Association,
comprising Harvard, Yale, Prince
ton, Pennsylvania, Brown, Pitts
burgh, Navy, Army, Columbia,
Syracuse, Dartmouth, and Penn
State, voted at their meeting Tues
day to ban broadcasts. Their move
may influence the decision of the
Pacific Coast schools on this prob
lem.
Meeting in San Francisco this
week-end, the Pacific Coast Con
ference radio committee will de
cide whether or not football games
will be broadcast next season. A1
Masters of Stanford, who has gone
on record as favoring the broad
casting, is preparing a report.
Members of the Eastern Inter
collegiate Athletic Association,
comprising Harvard, Yale, Prince
ton, Pennsylvania, Brown, Pitts
burgh, Navy, Army, Columbia,
Syracuse, Dartmouth, and Penn
State, voted at their meeting Tues
day to ban broadcasts. Their move
may influence the decision of the
Pacific Coast schools on this prob
lem.
Meeting in San Francisco this
week-end, the Pacific Coast Con
ference radio committee will de
cide whether or not football games
will be broadcast next season. A1
Masters of Stanford, who has gone
on record as favoring the broad
casting, is preparing a report.
Members of the Eastern Inter
collegiate Athletic Association,
comprising Harvard, Yale, Prince
ton, Pennsylvania, Brown, Pitts
burgh, Navy, Army, Columbia,
Syracuse, Dartmouth, and Penn
State, voted at their meeting Tues
day to ban broadcasts. Their move
may influence the decision of the
Pacific Coast schools on this prob
lem.
Meeting in San Francisco this
week-end, the Pacific Coast Con
ference radio committee will de
cide whether or not football games
will be broadcast next season. A1
Masters of Stanford, who has gone
on record as favoring the broad
casting, is preparing a report.
Members of the Eastern Inter
collegiate Athletic Association,
comprising Harvard, Yale, Prince
ton, Pennsylvania, Brown, Pitts
burgh, Navy, Army, Columbia,
Syracuse, Dartmouth, and Penn
State, voted at their meeting Tues
day to ban broadcasts. Their move
may influence the decision of the
Pacific Coast schools on this prob
lem.
Meeting in San Francisco this
week-end, the Pacific Coast Con
ference radio committee will de
cide whether or not football games
will be broadcast next season. A1
Masters of Stanford, who has gone
on record as favoring the broad
casting, is preparing a report.
Members of the Eastern Inter
collegiate Athletic Association,
comprising Harvard, Yale, Prince
ton, Pennsylvania, Brown, Pitts
burgh, Navy, Army, Columbia,
Syracuse, Dartmouth, and Penn
State, voted at their meeting Tues
day to ban broadcasts. Their move
may influence the decision of the
Pacific Coast schools on this prob
lem.
Meeting in San Francisco this
week-end, the Pacific Coast Con
ference radio committee will de
cide whether or not football games
will be broadcast next season. A1
Masters of Stanford, who has gone
on record as favoring the broad
casting, is preparing a report.
Members of the Eastern Inter
collegiate Athletic Association,
comprising Harvard, Yale, Prince
ton, Pennsylvania, Brown, Pitts
burgh, Navy, Army, Columbia,
Syracuse, Dartmouth, and Penn
State, voted at their meeting Tues
day to ban broadcasts. Their move
may influence the decision of the
Pacific Coast schools on this prob
lem.
