# TICKELL LEAVES FOR LAKE
## 
### 
Frederick G. Tickell, professor of
petroleum engineering, has left with
iiis wife and daughter for Echo Lake,
where they will spend the summer.
Frederick G. Tickell, professor of
petroleum engineering, has left with
iiis wife and daughter for Echo Lake,
where they will spend the summer.
Frederick G. Tickell, professor of
petroleum engineering, has left with
iiis wife and daughter for Echo Lake,
where they will spend the summer.
Frederick G. Tickell, professor of
petroleum engineering, has left with
iiis wife and daughter for Echo Lake,
where they will spend the summer.
Frederick G. Tickell, professor of
petroleum engineering, has left with
iiis wife and daughter for Echo Lake,
where they will spend the summer.
Frederick G. Tickell, professor of
petroleum engineering, has left with
iiis wife and daughter for Echo Lake,
where they will spend the summer.
Frederick G. Tickell, professor of
petroleum engineering, has left with
iiis wife and daughter for Echo Lake,
where they will spend the summer.
Frederick G. Tickell, professor of
petroleum engineering, has left with
iiis wife and daughter for Echo Lake,
where they will spend the summer.
Frederick G. Tickell, professor of
petroleum engineering, has left with
iiis wife and daughter for Echo Lake,
where they will spend the summer.
Frederick G. Tickell, professor of
petroleum engineering, has left with
iiis wife and daughter for Echo Lake,
where they will spend the summer.
Frederick G. Tickell, professor of
petroleum engineering, has left with
iiis wife and daughter for Echo Lake,
where they will spend the summer.
Frederick G. Tickell, professor of
petroleum engineering, has left with
iiis wife and daughter for Echo Lake,
where they will spend the summer.
Frederick G. Tickell, professor of
petroleum engineering, has left with
iiis wife and daughter for Echo Lake,
where they will spend the summer.
Frederick G. Tickell, professor of
petroleum engineering, has left with
iiis wife and daughter for Echo Lake,
where they will spend the summer.
