# NO SCHOOL MONDAY
## 
### 
Listed as a University holiday, there
will be no classes Monday, July 4, ac
coiding to Dr. Eliot G. Mears, summer
quarter director. Regular classes will
be resumed Tuesday.
Listed as a University holiday, there
will be no classes Monday, July 4, ac
coiding to Dr. Eliot G. Mears, summer
quarter director. Regular classes will
be resumed Tuesday.
Listed as a University holiday, there
will be no classes Monday, July 4, ac
coiding to Dr. Eliot G. Mears, summer
quarter director. Regular classes will
be resumed Tuesday.
Listed as a University holiday, there
will be no classes Monday, July 4, ac
coiding to Dr. Eliot G. Mears, summer
quarter director. Regular classes will
be resumed Tuesday.
Listed as a University holiday, there
will be no classes Monday, July 4, ac
coiding to Dr. Eliot G. Mears, summer
quarter director. Regular classes will
be resumed Tuesday.
Listed as a University holiday, there
will be no classes Monday, July 4, ac
coiding to Dr. Eliot G. Mears, summer
quarter director. Regular classes will
be resumed Tuesday.
Listed as a University holiday, there
will be no classes Monday, July 4, ac
coiding to Dr. Eliot G. Mears, summer
quarter director. Regular classes will
be resumed Tuesday.
Listed as a University holiday, there
will be no classes Monday, July 4, ac
coiding to Dr. Eliot G. Mears, summer
quarter director. Regular classes will
be resumed Tuesday.
Listed as a University holiday, there
will be no classes Monday, July 4, ac
coiding to Dr. Eliot G. Mears, summer
quarter director. Regular classes will
be resumed Tuesday.
Listed as a University holiday, there
will be no classes Monday, July 4, ac
coiding to Dr. Eliot G. Mears, summer
quarter director. Regular classes will
be resumed Tuesday.
Listed as a University holiday, there
will be no classes Monday, July 4, ac
coiding to Dr. Eliot G. Mears, summer
quarter director. Regular classes will
be resumed Tuesday.
Listed as a University holiday, there
will be no classes Monday, July 4, ac
coiding to Dr. Eliot G. Mears, summer
quarter director. Regular classes will
be resumed Tuesday.
Listed as a University holiday, there
will be no classes Monday, July 4, ac
coiding to Dr. Eliot G. Mears, summer
quarter director. Regular classes will
be resumed Tuesday.
Listed as a University holiday, there
will be no classes Monday, July 4, ac
coiding to Dr. Eliot G. Mears, summer
quarter director. Regular classes will
be resumed Tuesday.
