# NEW G. O. P. MANAGER
## 
### 

Everett Sanders, former represent
ative from Indiana, who was elected
chairman of the Republican national
committee to succeed Senator Fess.
Mr. Sanders formerly was secretary to
l/resident C'oolidge.

Everett Sanders, former represent
ative from Indiana, who was elected
chairman of the Republican national
committee to succeed Senator Fess.
Mr. Sanders formerly was secretary to
l/resident C'oolidge.

Everett Sanders, former represent
ative from Indiana, who was elected
chairman of the Republican national
committee to succeed Senator Fess.
Mr. Sanders formerly was secretary to
l/resident C'oolidge.

Everett Sanders, former represent
ative from Indiana, who was elected
chairman of the Republican national
committee to succeed Senator Fess.
Mr. Sanders formerly was secretary to
l/resident C'oolidge.

Everett Sanders, former represent
ative from Indiana, who was elected
chairman of the Republican national
committee to succeed Senator Fess.
Mr. Sanders formerly was secretary to
l/resident C'oolidge.

Everett Sanders, former represent
ative from Indiana, who was elected
chairman of the Republican national
committee to succeed Senator Fess.
Mr. Sanders formerly was secretary to
l/resident C'oolidge.

Everett Sanders, former represent
ative from Indiana, who was elected
chairman of the Republican national
committee to succeed Senator Fess.
Mr. Sanders formerly was secretary to
l/resident C'oolidge.

Everett Sanders, former represent
ative from Indiana, who was elected
chairman of the Republican national
committee to succeed Senator Fess.
Mr. Sanders formerly was secretary to
l/resident C'oolidge.

Everett Sanders, former represent
ative from Indiana, who was elected
chairman of the Republican national
committee to succeed Senator Fess.
Mr. Sanders formerly was secretary to
l/resident C'oolidge.

Everett Sanders, former represent
ative from Indiana, who was elected
chairman of the Republican national
committee to succeed Senator Fess.
Mr. Sanders formerly was secretary to
l/resident C'oolidge.

Everett Sanders, former represent
ative from Indiana, who was elected
chairman of the Republican national
committee to succeed Senator Fess.
Mr. Sanders formerly was secretary to
l/resident C'oolidge.

Everett Sanders, former represent
ative from Indiana, who was elected
chairman of the Republican national
committee to succeed Senator Fess.
Mr. Sanders formerly was secretary to
l/resident C'oolidge.

Everett Sanders, former represent
ative from Indiana, who was elected
chairman of the Republican national
committee to succeed Senator Fess.
Mr. Sanders formerly was secretary to
l/resident C'oolidge.

Everett Sanders, former represent
ative from Indiana, who was elected
chairman of the Republican national
committee to succeed Senator Fess.
Mr. Sanders formerly was secretary to
l/resident C'oolidge.
