# WOMEN'S PHYSICAL EXAMS
## 
### 
All women students except those
registered for the spring quarter must
have physical examinations. Appoint
ments for them should be made imme
diately at the office in the Women's
Gymnasium.
All women students except those
registered for the spring quarter must
have physical examinations. Appoint
ments for them should be made imme
diately at the office in the Women's
Gymnasium.
All women students except those
registered for the spring quarter must
have physical examinations. Appoint
ments for them should be made imme
diately at the office in the Women's
Gymnasium.
All women students except those
registered for the spring quarter must
have physical examinations. Appoint
ments for them should be made imme
diately at the office in the Women's
Gymnasium.
All women students except those
registered for the spring quarter must
have physical examinations. Appoint
ments for them should be made imme
diately at the office in the Women's
Gymnasium.
All women students except those
registered for the spring quarter must
have physical examinations. Appoint
ments for them should be made imme
diately at the office in the Women's
Gymnasium.
All women students except those
registered for the spring quarter must
have physical examinations. Appoint
ments for them should be made imme
diately at the office in the Women's
Gymnasium.
All women students except those
registered for the spring quarter must
have physical examinations. Appoint
ments for them should be made imme
diately at the office in the Women's
Gymnasium.
All women students except those
registered for the spring quarter must
have physical examinations. Appoint
ments for them should be made imme
diately at the office in the Women's
Gymnasium.
All women students except those
registered for the spring quarter must
have physical examinations. Appoint
ments for them should be made imme
diately at the office in the Women's
Gymnasium.
All women students except those
registered for the spring quarter must
have physical examinations. Appoint
ments for them should be made imme
diately at the office in the Women's
Gymnasium.
All women students except those
registered for the spring quarter must
have physical examinations. Appoint
ments for them should be made imme
diately at the office in the Women's
Gymnasium.
All women students except those
registered for the spring quarter must
have physical examinations. Appoint
ments for them should be made imme
diately at the office in the Women's
Gymnasium.
All women students except those
registered for the spring quarter must
have physical examinations. Appoint
ments for them should be made imme
diately at the office in the Women's
Gymnasium.
