# RECEPTION TONIGHT
## 
### 
The Men's Faculty Club will give an '
informal reception to visiting members
of the faculty tonight. The reception
is scheduled for 8 o'clock at the Fac
ulty Clubhouse.
The Men's Faculty Club will give an '
informal reception to visiting members
of the faculty tonight. The reception
is scheduled for 8 o'clock at the Fac
ulty Clubhouse.
The Men's Faculty Club will give an '
informal reception to visiting members
of the faculty tonight. The reception
is scheduled for 8 o'clock at the Fac
ulty Clubhouse.
The Men's Faculty Club will give an '
informal reception to visiting members
of the faculty tonight. The reception
is scheduled for 8 o'clock at the Fac
ulty Clubhouse.
The Men's Faculty Club will give an '
informal reception to visiting members
of the faculty tonight. The reception
is scheduled for 8 o'clock at the Fac
ulty Clubhouse.
The Men's Faculty Club will give an '
informal reception to visiting members
of the faculty tonight. The reception
is scheduled for 8 o'clock at the Fac
ulty Clubhouse.
The Men's Faculty Club will give an '
informal reception to visiting members
of the faculty tonight. The reception
is scheduled for 8 o'clock at the Fac
ulty Clubhouse.
The Men's Faculty Club will give an '
informal reception to visiting members
of the faculty tonight. The reception
is scheduled for 8 o'clock at the Fac
ulty Clubhouse.
The Men's Faculty Club will give an '
informal reception to visiting members
of the faculty tonight. The reception
is scheduled for 8 o'clock at the Fac
ulty Clubhouse.
The Men's Faculty Club will give an '
informal reception to visiting members
of the faculty tonight. The reception
is scheduled for 8 o'clock at the Fac
ulty Clubhouse.
The Men's Faculty Club will give an '
informal reception to visiting members
of the faculty tonight. The reception
is scheduled for 8 o'clock at the Fac
ulty Clubhouse.
The Men's Faculty Club will give an '
informal reception to visiting members
of the faculty tonight. The reception
is scheduled for 8 o'clock at the Fac
ulty Clubhouse.
The Men's Faculty Club will give an '
informal reception to visiting members
of the faculty tonight. The reception
is scheduled for 8 o'clock at the Fac
ulty Clubhouse.
The Men's Faculty Club will give an '
informal reception to visiting members
of the faculty tonight. The reception
is scheduled for 8 o'clock at the Fac
ulty Clubhouse.
