# CUTLER RE-ELECTED PRESIDENT OF SAN FRANCISCO C. OF C.
## 
### 
Lcland Cutler, president of the Stan
ford Board of Trustees, has been re
elected president of the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce for the third
successive time.
The selection of Cutler as head of the
San Francisco group has been greeted
with delight by peninsula editors and
business men. The controversy over
consolidation of San Mateo county with
the city has aroused much strife, but
the fact that Cutler is a resident and
property-owner on the peninsula as
well as president of the metropolitan
chamber, is said to have done much
to promote co-operation dining the
negotiations.
Lcland Cutler, president of the Stan
ford Board of Trustees, has been re
elected president of the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce for the third
successive time.
The selection of Cutler as head of the
San Francisco group has been greeted
with delight by peninsula editors and
business men. The controversy over
consolidation of San Mateo county with
the city has aroused much strife, but
the fact that Cutler is a resident and
property-owner on the peninsula as
well as president of the metropolitan
chamber, is said to have done much
to promote co-operation dining the
negotiations.
Lcland Cutler, president of the Stan
ford Board of Trustees, has been re
elected president of the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce for the third
successive time.
The selection of Cutler as head of the
San Francisco group has been greeted
with delight by peninsula editors and
business men. The controversy over
consolidation of San Mateo county with
the city has aroused much strife, but
the fact that Cutler is a resident and
property-owner on the peninsula as
well as president of the metropolitan
chamber, is said to have done much
to promote co-operation dining the
negotiations.
Lcland Cutler, president of the Stan
ford Board of Trustees, has been re
elected president of the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce for the third
successive time.
The selection of Cutler as head of the
San Francisco group has been greeted
with delight by peninsula editors and
business men. The controversy over
consolidation of San Mateo county with
the city has aroused much strife, but
the fact that Cutler is a resident and
property-owner on the peninsula as
well as president of the metropolitan
chamber, is said to have done much
to promote co-operation dining the
negotiations.
Lcland Cutler, president of the Stan
ford Board of Trustees, has been re
elected president of the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce for the third
successive time.
The selection of Cutler as head of the
San Francisco group has been greeted
with delight by peninsula editors and
business men. The controversy over
consolidation of San Mateo county with
the city has aroused much strife, but
the fact that Cutler is a resident and
property-owner on the peninsula as
well as president of the metropolitan
chamber, is said to have done much
to promote co-operation dining the
negotiations.
Lcland Cutler, president of the Stan
ford Board of Trustees, has been re
elected president of the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce for the third
successive time.
The selection of Cutler as head of the
San Francisco group has been greeted
with delight by peninsula editors and
business men. The controversy over
consolidation of San Mateo county with
the city has aroused much strife, but
the fact that Cutler is a resident and
property-owner on the peninsula as
well as president of the metropolitan
chamber, is said to have done much
to promote co-operation dining the
negotiations.
Lcland Cutler, president of the Stan
ford Board of Trustees, has been re
elected president of the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce for the third
successive time.
The selection of Cutler as head of the
San Francisco group has been greeted
with delight by peninsula editors and
business men. The controversy over
consolidation of San Mateo county with
the city has aroused much strife, but
the fact that Cutler is a resident and
property-owner on the peninsula as
well as president of the metropolitan
chamber, is said to have done much
to promote co-operation dining the
negotiations.
Lcland Cutler, president of the Stan
ford Board of Trustees, has been re
elected president of the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce for the third
successive time.
The selection of Cutler as head of the
San Francisco group has been greeted
with delight by peninsula editors and
business men. The controversy over
consolidation of San Mateo county with
the city has aroused much strife, but
the fact that Cutler is a resident and
property-owner on the peninsula as
well as president of the metropolitan
chamber, is said to have done much
to promote co-operation dining the
negotiations.
Lcland Cutler, president of the Stan
ford Board of Trustees, has been re
elected president of the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce for the third
successive time.
The selection of Cutler as head of the
San Francisco group has been greeted
with delight by peninsula editors and
business men. The controversy over
consolidation of San Mateo county with
the city has aroused much strife, but
the fact that Cutler is a resident and
property-owner on the peninsula as
well as president of the metropolitan
chamber, is said to have done much
to promote co-operation dining the
negotiations.
Lcland Cutler, president of the Stan
ford Board of Trustees, has been re
elected president of the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce for the third
successive time.
The selection of Cutler as head of the
San Francisco group has been greeted
with delight by peninsula editors and
business men. The controversy over
consolidation of San Mateo county with
the city has aroused much strife, but
the fact that Cutler is a resident and
property-owner on the peninsula as
well as president of the metropolitan
chamber, is said to have done much
to promote co-operation dining the
negotiations.
Lcland Cutler, president of the Stan
ford Board of Trustees, has been re
elected president of the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce for the third
successive time.
The selection of Cutler as head of the
San Francisco group has been greeted
with delight by peninsula editors and
business men. The controversy over
consolidation of San Mateo county with
the city has aroused much strife, but
the fact that Cutler is a resident and
property-owner on the peninsula as
well as president of the metropolitan
chamber, is said to have done much
to promote co-operation dining the
negotiations.
Lcland Cutler, president of the Stan
ford Board of Trustees, has been re
elected president of the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce for the third
successive time.
The selection of Cutler as head of the
San Francisco group has been greeted
with delight by peninsula editors and
business men. The controversy over
consolidation of San Mateo county with
the city has aroused much strife, but
the fact that Cutler is a resident and
property-owner on the peninsula as
well as president of the metropolitan
chamber, is said to have done much
to promote co-operation dining the
negotiations.
Lcland Cutler, president of the Stan
ford Board of Trustees, has been re
elected president of the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce for the third
successive time.
The selection of Cutler as head of the
San Francisco group has been greeted
with delight by peninsula editors and
business men. The controversy over
consolidation of San Mateo county with
the city has aroused much strife, but
the fact that Cutler is a resident and
property-owner on the peninsula as
well as president of the metropolitan
chamber, is said to have done much
to promote co-operation dining the
negotiations.
Lcland Cutler, president of the Stan
ford Board of Trustees, has been re
elected president of the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce for the third
successive time.
The selection of Cutler as head of the
San Francisco group has been greeted
with delight by peninsula editors and
business men. The controversy over
consolidation of San Mateo county with
the city has aroused much strife, but
the fact that Cutler is a resident and
property-owner on the peninsula as
well as president of the metropolitan
chamber, is said to have done much
to promote co-operation dining the
negotiations.
