# 'Music at Home' Ends Fall Season
## 
### 
"Music at Home" closes its fall
season tonight at the home of Dr.
Donald B. Tresidder, President of
the University, from 7:30 to 8:30
with the presentation of a special
Christmas concert. James Schwa
bacher, teaching assistant in music,
returns to the recorded hour as mu
sical host.
Tonight's program features the
seldom heard complete performance
of Gershwin's "Rhapsody in Blue,"
as played by Oscar Levant, and a
new recording of Christmas carols
conducted by Robert Shaw. Com
positions of Gretry, Sibelius, and
Strauss will also be heard on this
informal program, to which all stu
dents are invited.
Schwabacher returns from a three
week absence, during which he
sang in the Los Angeles production
of the Mozart comic opera, "Cosi
Fan Tutte."
"Music at Home" closes its fall
season tonight at the home of Dr.
Donald B. Tresidder, President of
the University, from 7:30 to 8:30
with the presentation of a special
Christmas concert. James Schwa
bacher, teaching assistant in music,
returns to the recorded hour as mu
sical host.
Tonight's program features the
seldom heard complete performance
of Gershwin's "Rhapsody in Blue,"
as played by Oscar Levant, and a
new recording of Christmas carols
conducted by Robert Shaw. Com
positions of Gretry, Sibelius, and
Strauss will also be heard on this
informal program, to which all stu
dents are invited.
Schwabacher returns from a three
week absence, during which he
sang in the Los Angeles production
of the Mozart comic opera, "Cosi
Fan Tutte."
"Music at Home" closes its fall
season tonight at the home of Dr.
Donald B. Tresidder, President of
the University, from 7:30 to 8:30
with the presentation of a special
Christmas concert. James Schwa
bacher, teaching assistant in music,
returns to the recorded hour as mu
sical host.
Tonight's program features the
seldom heard complete performance
of Gershwin's "Rhapsody in Blue,"
as played by Oscar Levant, and a
new recording of Christmas carols
conducted by Robert Shaw. Com
positions of Gretry, Sibelius, and
Strauss will also be heard on this
informal program, to which all stu
dents are invited.
Schwabacher returns from a three
week absence, during which he
sang in the Los Angeles production
of the Mozart comic opera, "Cosi
Fan Tutte."
"Music at Home" closes its fall
season tonight at the home of Dr.
Donald B. Tresidder, President of
the University, from 7:30 to 8:30
with the presentation of a special
Christmas concert. James Schwa
bacher, teaching assistant in music,
returns to the recorded hour as mu
sical host.
Tonight's program features the
seldom heard complete performance
of Gershwin's "Rhapsody in Blue,"
as played by Oscar Levant, and a
new recording of Christmas carols
conducted by Robert Shaw. Com
positions of Gretry, Sibelius, and
Strauss will also be heard on this
informal program, to which all stu
dents are invited.
Schwabacher returns from a three
week absence, during which he
sang in the Los Angeles production
of the Mozart comic opera, "Cosi
Fan Tutte."
"Music at Home" closes its fall
season tonight at the home of Dr.
Donald B. Tresidder, President of
the University, from 7:30 to 8:30
with the presentation of a special
Christmas concert. James Schwa
bacher, teaching assistant in music,
returns to the recorded hour as mu
sical host.
Tonight's program features the
seldom heard complete performance
of Gershwin's "Rhapsody in Blue,"
as played by Oscar Levant, and a
new recording of Christmas carols
conducted by Robert Shaw. Com
positions of Gretry, Sibelius, and
Strauss will also be heard on this
informal program, to which all stu
dents are invited.
Schwabacher returns from a three
week absence, during which he
sang in the Los Angeles production
of the Mozart comic opera, "Cosi
Fan Tutte."
"Music at Home" closes its fall
season tonight at the home of Dr.
Donald B. Tresidder, President of
the University, from 7:30 to 8:30
with the presentation of a special
Christmas concert. James Schwa
bacher, teaching assistant in music,
returns to the recorded hour as mu
sical host.
Tonight's program features the
seldom heard complete performance
of Gershwin's "Rhapsody in Blue,"
as played by Oscar Levant, and a
new recording of Christmas carols
conducted by Robert Shaw. Com
positions of Gretry, Sibelius, and
Strauss will also be heard on this
informal program, to which all stu
dents are invited.
Schwabacher returns from a three
week absence, during which he
sang in the Los Angeles production
of the Mozart comic opera, "Cosi
Fan Tutte."
"Music at Home" closes its fall
season tonight at the home of Dr.
Donald B. Tresidder, President of
the University, from 7:30 to 8:30
with the presentation of a special
Christmas concert. James Schwa
bacher, teaching assistant in music,
returns to the recorded hour as mu
sical host.
Tonight's program features the
seldom heard complete performance
of Gershwin's "Rhapsody in Blue,"
as played by Oscar Levant, and a
new recording of Christmas carols
conducted by Robert Shaw. Com
positions of Gretry, Sibelius, and
Strauss will also be heard on this
informal program, to which all stu
dents are invited.
Schwabacher returns from a three
week absence, during which he
sang in the Los Angeles production
of the Mozart comic opera, "Cosi
Fan Tutte."
"Music at Home" closes its fall
season tonight at the home of Dr.
Donald B. Tresidder, President of
the University, from 7:30 to 8:30
with the presentation of a special
Christmas concert. James Schwa
bacher, teaching assistant in music,
returns to the recorded hour as mu
sical host.
Tonight's program features the
seldom heard complete performance
of Gershwin's "Rhapsody in Blue,"
as played by Oscar Levant, and a
new recording of Christmas carols
conducted by Robert Shaw. Com
positions of Gretry, Sibelius, and
Strauss will also be heard on this
informal program, to which all stu
dents are invited.
Schwabacher returns from a three
week absence, during which he
sang in the Los Angeles production
of the Mozart comic opera, "Cosi
Fan Tutte."
"Music at Home" closes its fall
season tonight at the home of Dr.
Donald B. Tresidder, President of
the University, from 7:30 to 8:30
with the presentation of a special
Christmas concert. James Schwa
bacher, teaching assistant in music,
returns to the recorded hour as mu
sical host.
Tonight's program features the
seldom heard complete performance
of Gershwin's "Rhapsody in Blue,"
as played by Oscar Levant, and a
new recording of Christmas carols
conducted by Robert Shaw. Com
positions of Gretry, Sibelius, and
Strauss will also be heard on this
informal program, to which all stu
dents are invited.
Schwabacher returns from a three
week absence, during which he
sang in the Los Angeles production
of the Mozart comic opera, "Cosi
Fan Tutte."
"Music at Home" closes its fall
season tonight at the home of Dr.
Donald B. Tresidder, President of
the University, from 7:30 to 8:30
with the presentation of a special
Christmas concert. James Schwa
bacher, teaching assistant in music,
returns to the recorded hour as mu
sical host.
Tonight's program features the
seldom heard complete performance
of Gershwin's "Rhapsody in Blue,"
as played by Oscar Levant, and a
new recording of Christmas carols
conducted by Robert Shaw. Com
positions of Gretry, Sibelius, and
Strauss will also be heard on this
informal program, to which all stu
dents are invited.
Schwabacher returns from a three
week absence, during which he
sang in the Los Angeles production
of the Mozart comic opera, "Cosi
Fan Tutte."
"Music at Home" closes its fall
season tonight at the home of Dr.
Donald B. Tresidder, President of
the University, from 7:30 to 8:30
with the presentation of a special
Christmas concert. James Schwa
bacher, teaching assistant in music,
returns to the recorded hour as mu
sical host.
Tonight's program features the
seldom heard complete performance
of Gershwin's "Rhapsody in Blue,"
as played by Oscar Levant, and a
new recording of Christmas carols
conducted by Robert Shaw. Com
positions of Gretry, Sibelius, and
Strauss will also be heard on this
informal program, to which all stu
dents are invited.
Schwabacher returns from a three
week absence, during which he
sang in the Los Angeles production
of the Mozart comic opera, "Cosi
Fan Tutte."
"Music at Home" closes its fall
season tonight at the home of Dr.
Donald B. Tresidder, President of
the University, from 7:30 to 8:30
with the presentation of a special
Christmas concert. James Schwa
bacher, teaching assistant in music,
returns to the recorded hour as mu
sical host.
Tonight's program features the
seldom heard complete performance
of Gershwin's "Rhapsody in Blue,"
as played by Oscar Levant, and a
new recording of Christmas carols
conducted by Robert Shaw. Com
positions of Gretry, Sibelius, and
Strauss will also be heard on this
informal program, to which all stu
dents are invited.
Schwabacher returns from a three
week absence, during which he
sang in the Los Angeles production
of the Mozart comic opera, "Cosi
Fan Tutte."
"Music at Home" closes its fall
season tonight at the home of Dr.
Donald B. Tresidder, President of
the University, from 7:30 to 8:30
with the presentation of a special
Christmas concert. James Schwa
bacher, teaching assistant in music,
returns to the recorded hour as mu
sical host.
Tonight's program features the
seldom heard complete performance
of Gershwin's "Rhapsody in Blue,"
as played by Oscar Levant, and a
new recording of Christmas carols
conducted by Robert Shaw. Com
positions of Gretry, Sibelius, and
Strauss will also be heard on this
informal program, to which all stu
dents are invited.
Schwabacher returns from a three
week absence, during which he
sang in the Los Angeles production
of the Mozart comic opera, "Cosi
Fan Tutte."
"Music at Home" closes its fall
season tonight at the home of Dr.
Donald B. Tresidder, President of
the University, from 7:30 to 8:30
with the presentation of a special
Christmas concert. James Schwa
bacher, teaching assistant in music,
returns to the recorded hour as mu
sical host.
Tonight's program features the
seldom heard complete performance
of Gershwin's "Rhapsody in Blue,"
as played by Oscar Levant, and a
new recording of Christmas carols
conducted by Robert Shaw. Com
positions of Gretry, Sibelius, and
Strauss will also be heard on this
informal program, to which all stu
dents are invited.
Schwabacher returns from a three
week absence, during which he
sang in the Los Angeles production
of the Mozart comic opera, "Cosi
Fan Tutte."
"Music at Home" closes its fall
season tonight at the home of Dr.
Donald B. Tresidder, President of
the University, from 7:30 to 8:30
with the presentation of a special
Christmas concert. James Schwa
bacher, teaching assistant in music,
returns to the recorded hour as mu
sical host.
Tonight's program features the
seldom heard complete performance
of Gershwin's "Rhapsody in Blue,"
as played by Oscar Levant, and a
new recording of Christmas carols
conducted by Robert Shaw. Com
positions of Gretry, Sibelius, and
Strauss will also be heard on this
informal program, to which all stu
dents are invited.
Schwabacher returns from a three
week absence, during which he
sang in the Los Angeles production
of the Mozart comic opera, "Cosi
Fan Tutte."
