# Vocom Schedules Discussion Groups
## 
### 
After tabulating the results of the
j vocational preference cards given to
j women on campus, the Vocational
Committee has set up a tentative
program of talks to be given winter
quarter.
The opening meeting, Jan. 14, will
feature Dean Hawks, dean of stu
dents at Mills College. Dr. Robert
Bush, director of the Appointment
Service, and recent graduates will
discuss opportunities open to wom
en in this department at the second
meeting, Jan. 22.
A discussion on jobs in radio is
scheduled for Jan. 28 by Vocom,
one on recreation and social work
on Feb. 5, interior decoration on
Feb. 11, and opportunities for work
I in foreign countries on Feb. 18.
j Speakers have not yet been ob
tained for the last four discussions.
