# Phi Kaps Trip ATO's in Semis
## 
### 
Phi Kappa Sigma entered the
volleyball finals last night with a
close victory over the ATO stip
tet, 15 to 10 and 15 to 13, and
will engage in the initiiil cham
pionship tussle this afternoon
against the Phi Psi's. The third
finalist will he the winner of to
day's fray between SAE and the
Delts.
The ATO's appeared to be on
the way to an easy victory in the
first game by annexing six quick
points before the Phi Kaps came
to life and overwhelmed the ATO
men. The margin between the
opponents was very thin during
the entire last game, but despite
fine line play on the part of Don
Lemon. ATO was again unable to
hold the Phi Kaps.
The superiority of the winners
was due mainly, to the co-ordi
nated team play of Tex Pruder,
Dean and Ronnie Funk, Bill Rule,
Stan Hodge, and Doug Wilson.
Phi Kappa Sigma entered the
volleyball finals last night with a
close victory over the ATO stip
tet, 15 to 10 and 15 to 13, and
will engage in the initiiil cham
pionship tussle this afternoon
against the Phi Psi's. The third
finalist will he the winner of to
day's fray between SAE and the
Delts.
The ATO's appeared to be on
the way to an easy victory in the
first game by annexing six quick
points before the Phi Kaps came
to life and overwhelmed the ATO
men. The margin between the
opponents was very thin during
the entire last game, but despite
fine line play on the part of Don
Lemon. ATO was again unable to
hold the Phi Kaps.
The superiority of the winners
was due mainly, to the co-ordi
nated team play of Tex Pruder,
Dean and Ronnie Funk, Bill Rule,
Stan Hodge, and Doug Wilson.
Phi Kappa Sigma entered the
volleyball finals last night with a
close victory over the ATO stip
tet, 15 to 10 and 15 to 13, and
will engage in the initiiil cham
pionship tussle this afternoon
against the Phi Psi's. The third
finalist will he the winner of to
day's fray between SAE and the
Delts.
The ATO's appeared to be on
the way to an easy victory in the
first game by annexing six quick
points before the Phi Kaps came
to life and overwhelmed the ATO
men. The margin between the
opponents was very thin during
the entire last game, but despite
fine line play on the part of Don
Lemon. ATO was again unable to
hold the Phi Kaps.
The superiority of the winners
was due mainly, to the co-ordi
nated team play of Tex Pruder,
Dean and Ronnie Funk, Bill Rule,
Stan Hodge, and Doug Wilson.
Phi Kappa Sigma entered the
volleyball finals last night with a
close victory over the ATO stip
tet, 15 to 10 and 15 to 13, and
will engage in the initiiil cham
pionship tussle this afternoon
against the Phi Psi's. The third
finalist will he the winner of to
day's fray between SAE and the
Delts.
The ATO's appeared to be on
the way to an easy victory in the
first game by annexing six quick
points before the Phi Kaps came
to life and overwhelmed the ATO
men. The margin between the
opponents was very thin during
the entire last game, but despite
fine line play on the part of Don
Lemon. ATO was again unable to
hold the Phi Kaps.
The superiority of the winners
was due mainly, to the co-ordi
nated team play of Tex Pruder,
Dean and Ronnie Funk, Bill Rule,
Stan Hodge, and Doug Wilson.
Phi Kappa Sigma entered the
volleyball finals last night with a
close victory over the ATO stip
tet, 15 to 10 and 15 to 13, and
will engage in the initiiil cham
pionship tussle this afternoon
against the Phi Psi's. The third
finalist will he the winner of to
day's fray between SAE and the
Delts.
The ATO's appeared to be on
the way to an easy victory in the
first game by annexing six quick
points before the Phi Kaps came
to life and overwhelmed the ATO
men. The margin between the
opponents was very thin during
the entire last game, but despite
fine line play on the part of Don
Lemon. ATO was again unable to
hold the Phi Kaps.
The superiority of the winners
was due mainly, to the co-ordi
nated team play of Tex Pruder,
Dean and Ronnie Funk, Bill Rule,
Stan Hodge, and Doug Wilson.
Phi Kappa Sigma entered the
volleyball finals last night with a
close victory over the ATO stip
tet, 15 to 10 and 15 to 13, and
will engage in the initiiil cham
pionship tussle this afternoon
against the Phi Psi's. The third
finalist will he the winner of to
day's fray between SAE and the
Delts.
The ATO's appeared to be on
the way to an easy victory in the
first game by annexing six quick
points before the Phi Kaps came
to life and overwhelmed the ATO
men. The margin between the
opponents was very thin during
the entire last game, but despite
fine line play on the part of Don
Lemon. ATO was again unable to
hold the Phi Kaps.
The superiority of the winners
was due mainly, to the co-ordi
nated team play of Tex Pruder,
Dean and Ronnie Funk, Bill Rule,
Stan Hodge, and Doug Wilson.
Phi Kappa Sigma entered the
volleyball finals last night with a
close victory over the ATO stip
tet, 15 to 10 and 15 to 13, and
will engage in the initiiil cham
pionship tussle this afternoon
against the Phi Psi's. The third
finalist will he the winner of to
day's fray between SAE and the
Delts.
The ATO's appeared to be on
the way to an easy victory in the
first game by annexing six quick
points before the Phi Kaps came
to life and overwhelmed the ATO
men. The margin between the
opponents was very thin during
the entire last game, but despite
fine line play on the part of Don
Lemon. ATO was again unable to
hold the Phi Kaps.
The superiority of the winners
was due mainly, to the co-ordi
nated team play of Tex Pruder,
Dean and Ronnie Funk, Bill Rule,
Stan Hodge, and Doug Wilson.
Phi Kappa Sigma entered the
volleyball finals last night with a
close victory over the ATO stip
tet, 15 to 10 and 15 to 13, and
will engage in the initiiil cham
pionship tussle this afternoon
against the Phi Psi's. The third
finalist will he the winner of to
day's fray between SAE and the
Delts.
The ATO's appeared to be on
the way to an easy victory in the
first game by annexing six quick
points before the Phi Kaps came
to life and overwhelmed the ATO
men. The margin between the
opponents was very thin during
the entire last game, but despite
fine line play on the part of Don
Lemon. ATO was again unable to
hold the Phi Kaps.
The superiority of the winners
was due mainly, to the co-ordi
nated team play of Tex Pruder,
Dean and Ronnie Funk, Bill Rule,
Stan Hodge, and Doug Wilson.
Phi Kappa Sigma entered the
volleyball finals last night with a
close victory over the ATO stip
tet, 15 to 10 and 15 to 13, and
will engage in the initiiil cham
pionship tussle this afternoon
against the Phi Psi's. The third
finalist will he the winner of to
day's fray between SAE and the
Delts.
The ATO's appeared to be on
the way to an easy victory in the
first game by annexing six quick
points before the Phi Kaps came
to life and overwhelmed the ATO
men. The margin between the
opponents was very thin during
the entire last game, but despite
fine line play on the part of Don
Lemon. ATO was again unable to
hold the Phi Kaps.
The superiority of the winners
was due mainly, to the co-ordi
nated team play of Tex Pruder,
Dean and Ronnie Funk, Bill Rule,
Stan Hodge, and Doug Wilson.
Phi Kappa Sigma entered the
volleyball finals last night with a
close victory over the ATO stip
tet, 15 to 10 and 15 to 13, and
will engage in the initiiil cham
pionship tussle this afternoon
against the Phi Psi's. The third
finalist will he the winner of to
day's fray between SAE and the
Delts.
The ATO's appeared to be on
the way to an easy victory in the
first game by annexing six quick
points before the Phi Kaps came
to life and overwhelmed the ATO
men. The margin between the
opponents was very thin during
the entire last game, but despite
fine line play on the part of Don
Lemon. ATO was again unable to
hold the Phi Kaps.
The superiority of the winners
was due mainly, to the co-ordi
nated team play of Tex Pruder,
Dean and Ronnie Funk, Bill Rule,
Stan Hodge, and Doug Wilson.
Phi Kappa Sigma entered the
volleyball finals last night with a
close victory over the ATO stip
tet, 15 to 10 and 15 to 13, and
will engage in the initiiil cham
pionship tussle this afternoon
against the Phi Psi's. The third
finalist will he the winner of to
day's fray between SAE and the
Delts.
The ATO's appeared to be on
the way to an easy victory in the
first game by annexing six quick
points before the Phi Kaps came
to life and overwhelmed the ATO
men. The margin between the
opponents was very thin during
the entire last game, but despite
fine line play on the part of Don
Lemon. ATO was again unable to
hold the Phi Kaps.
The superiority of the winners
was due mainly, to the co-ordi
nated team play of Tex Pruder,
Dean and Ronnie Funk, Bill Rule,
Stan Hodge, and Doug Wilson.
Phi Kappa Sigma entered the
volleyball finals last night with a
close victory over the ATO stip
tet, 15 to 10 and 15 to 13, and
will engage in the initiiil cham
pionship tussle this afternoon
against the Phi Psi's. The third
finalist will he the winner of to
day's fray between SAE and the
Delts.
The ATO's appeared to be on
the way to an easy victory in the
first game by annexing six quick
points before the Phi Kaps came
to life and overwhelmed the ATO
men. The margin between the
opponents was very thin during
the entire last game, but despite
fine line play on the part of Don
Lemon. ATO was again unable to
hold the Phi Kaps.
The superiority of the winners
was due mainly, to the co-ordi
nated team play of Tex Pruder,
Dean and Ronnie Funk, Bill Rule,
Stan Hodge, and Doug Wilson.
Phi Kappa Sigma entered the
volleyball finals last night with a
close victory over the ATO stip
tet, 15 to 10 and 15 to 13, and
will engage in the initiiil cham
pionship tussle this afternoon
against the Phi Psi's. The third
finalist will he the winner of to
day's fray between SAE and the
Delts.
The ATO's appeared to be on
the way to an easy victory in the
first game by annexing six quick
points before the Phi Kaps came
to life and overwhelmed the ATO
men. The margin between the
opponents was very thin during
the entire last game, but despite
fine line play on the part of Don
Lemon. ATO was again unable to
hold the Phi Kaps.
The superiority of the winners
was due mainly, to the co-ordi
nated team play of Tex Pruder,
Dean and Ronnie Funk, Bill Rule,
Stan Hodge, and Doug Wilson.
Phi Kappa Sigma entered the
volleyball finals last night with a
close victory over the ATO stip
tet, 15 to 10 and 15 to 13, and
will engage in the initiiil cham
pionship tussle this afternoon
against the Phi Psi's. The third
finalist will he the winner of to
day's fray between SAE and the
Delts.
The ATO's appeared to be on
the way to an easy victory in the
first game by annexing six quick
points before the Phi Kaps came
to life and overwhelmed the ATO
men. The margin between the
opponents was very thin during
the entire last game, but despite
fine line play on the part of Don
Lemon. ATO was again unable to
hold the Phi Kaps.
The superiority of the winners
was due mainly, to the co-ordi
nated team play of Tex Pruder,
Dean and Ronnie Funk, Bill Rule,
Stan Hodge, and Doug Wilson.
Phi Kappa Sigma entered the
volleyball finals last night with a
close victory over the ATO stip
tet, 15 to 10 and 15 to 13, and
will engage in the initiiil cham
pionship tussle this afternoon
against the Phi Psi's. The third
finalist will he the winner of to
day's fray between SAE and the
Delts.
The ATO's appeared to be on
the way to an easy victory in the
first game by annexing six quick
points before the Phi Kaps came
to life and overwhelmed the ATO
men. The margin between the
opponents was very thin during
the entire last game, but despite
fine line play on the part of Don
Lemon. ATO was again unable to
hold the Phi Kaps.
The superiority of the winners
was due mainly, to the co-ordi
nated team play of Tex Pruder,
Dean and Ronnie Funk, Bill Rule,
Stan Hodge, and Doug Wilson.
