# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Jeanne Mcintosh
and Donald Liggett, graduate stu
dent in psychology.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Jeanne Mcintosh
and Donald Liggett, graduate stu
dent in psychology.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Jeanne Mcintosh
and Donald Liggett, graduate stu
dent in psychology.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Jeanne Mcintosh
and Donald Liggett, graduate stu
dent in psychology.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Jeanne Mcintosh
and Donald Liggett, graduate stu
dent in psychology.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Jeanne Mcintosh
and Donald Liggett, graduate stu
dent in psychology.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Jeanne Mcintosh
and Donald Liggett, graduate stu
dent in psychology.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Jeanne Mcintosh
and Donald Liggett, graduate stu
dent in psychology.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Jeanne Mcintosh
and Donald Liggett, graduate stu
dent in psychology.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Jeanne Mcintosh
and Donald Liggett, graduate stu
dent in psychology.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Jeanne Mcintosh
and Donald Liggett, graduate stu
dent in psychology.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Jeanne Mcintosh
and Donald Liggett, graduate stu
dent in psychology.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Jeanne Mcintosh
and Donald Liggett, graduate stu
dent in psychology.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Jeanne Mcintosh
and Donald Liggett, graduate stu
dent in psychology.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Jeanne Mcintosh
and Donald Liggett, graduate stu
dent in psychology.
