# R.R. EXECUTIVE DIES
## 
### 
MERCED. Calif., Jan. 7 (/P). —
James Clifford, 34, Pacific Coast
lumberman and railroad executive
was found dead in a hotel here to
day. Authorities said they believed
death was due to a heart attack.
MERCED. Calif., Jan. 7 (/P). —
James Clifford, 34, Pacific Coast
lumberman and railroad executive
was found dead in a hotel here to
day. Authorities said they believed
death was due to a heart attack.
MERCED. Calif., Jan. 7 (/P). —
James Clifford, 34, Pacific Coast
lumberman and railroad executive
was found dead in a hotel here to
day. Authorities said they believed
death was due to a heart attack.
MERCED. Calif., Jan. 7 (/P). —
James Clifford, 34, Pacific Coast
lumberman and railroad executive
was found dead in a hotel here to
day. Authorities said they believed
death was due to a heart attack.
MERCED. Calif., Jan. 7 (/P). —
James Clifford, 34, Pacific Coast
lumberman and railroad executive
was found dead in a hotel here to
day. Authorities said they believed
death was due to a heart attack.
MERCED. Calif., Jan. 7 (/P). —
James Clifford, 34, Pacific Coast
lumberman and railroad executive
was found dead in a hotel here to
day. Authorities said they believed
death was due to a heart attack.
MERCED. Calif., Jan. 7 (/P). —
James Clifford, 34, Pacific Coast
lumberman and railroad executive
was found dead in a hotel here to
day. Authorities said they believed
death was due to a heart attack.
MERCED. Calif., Jan. 7 (/P). —
James Clifford, 34, Pacific Coast
lumberman and railroad executive
was found dead in a hotel here to
day. Authorities said they believed
death was due to a heart attack.
MERCED. Calif., Jan. 7 (/P). —
James Clifford, 34, Pacific Coast
lumberman and railroad executive
was found dead in a hotel here to
day. Authorities said they believed
death was due to a heart attack.
MERCED. Calif., Jan. 7 (/P). —
James Clifford, 34, Pacific Coast
lumberman and railroad executive
was found dead in a hotel here to
day. Authorities said they believed
death was due to a heart attack.
MERCED. Calif., Jan. 7 (/P). —
James Clifford, 34, Pacific Coast
lumberman and railroad executive
was found dead in a hotel here to
day. Authorities said they believed
death was due to a heart attack.
MERCED. Calif., Jan. 7 (/P). —
James Clifford, 34, Pacific Coast
lumberman and railroad executive
was found dead in a hotel here to
day. Authorities said they believed
death was due to a heart attack.
MERCED. Calif., Jan. 7 (/P). —
James Clifford, 34, Pacific Coast
lumberman and railroad executive
was found dead in a hotel here to
day. Authorities said they believed
death was due to a heart attack.
MERCED. Calif., Jan. 7 (/P). —
James Clifford, 34, Pacific Coast
lumberman and railroad executive
was found dead in a hotel here to
day. Authorities said they believed
death was due to a heart attack.
MERCED. Calif., Jan. 7 (/P). —
James Clifford, 34, Pacific Coast
lumberman and railroad executive
was found dead in a hotel here to
day. Authorities said they believed
death was due to a heart attack.
MERCED. Calif., Jan. 7 (/P). —
James Clifford, 34, Pacific Coast
lumberman and railroad executive
was found dead in a hotel here to
day. Authorities said they believed
death was due to a heart attack.
