# TENNIS MANAGERS
## 
### 
Sophomore tennis managers are
needed, and second-year men in
terested should sign up on the var
sity courts any afternoon in the
week with Coaches Bugge or Lock
wood, or Mack Linton, senior man
ager. Opportunities are excellent
for advancement to the position of
junior manager if work is begun
within a short time, Bugge reports.
Sophomore tennis managers are
needed, and second-year men in
terested should sign up on the var
sity courts any afternoon in the
week with Coaches Bugge or Lock
wood, or Mack Linton, senior man
ager. Opportunities are excellent
for advancement to the position of
junior manager if work is begun
within a short time, Bugge reports.
Sophomore tennis managers are
needed, and second-year men in
terested should sign up on the var
sity courts any afternoon in the
week with Coaches Bugge or Lock
wood, or Mack Linton, senior man
ager. Opportunities are excellent
for advancement to the position of
junior manager if work is begun
within a short time, Bugge reports.
Sophomore tennis managers are
needed, and second-year men in
terested should sign up on the var
sity courts any afternoon in the
week with Coaches Bugge or Lock
wood, or Mack Linton, senior man
ager. Opportunities are excellent
for advancement to the position of
junior manager if work is begun
within a short time, Bugge reports.
Sophomore tennis managers are
needed, and second-year men in
terested should sign up on the var
sity courts any afternoon in the
week with Coaches Bugge or Lock
wood, or Mack Linton, senior man
ager. Opportunities are excellent
for advancement to the position of
junior manager if work is begun
within a short time, Bugge reports.
Sophomore tennis managers are
needed, and second-year men in
terested should sign up on the var
sity courts any afternoon in the
week with Coaches Bugge or Lock
wood, or Mack Linton, senior man
ager. Opportunities are excellent
for advancement to the position of
junior manager if work is begun
within a short time, Bugge reports.
Sophomore tennis managers are
needed, and second-year men in
terested should sign up on the var
sity courts any afternoon in the
week with Coaches Bugge or Lock
wood, or Mack Linton, senior man
ager. Opportunities are excellent
for advancement to the position of
junior manager if work is begun
within a short time, Bugge reports.
Sophomore tennis managers are
needed, and second-year men in
terested should sign up on the var
sity courts any afternoon in the
week with Coaches Bugge or Lock
wood, or Mack Linton, senior man
ager. Opportunities are excellent
for advancement to the position of
junior manager if work is begun
within a short time, Bugge reports.
Sophomore tennis managers are
needed, and second-year men in
terested should sign up on the var
sity courts any afternoon in the
week with Coaches Bugge or Lock
wood, or Mack Linton, senior man
ager. Opportunities are excellent
for advancement to the position of
junior manager if work is begun
within a short time, Bugge reports.
Sophomore tennis managers are
needed, and second-year men in
terested should sign up on the var
sity courts any afternoon in the
week with Coaches Bugge or Lock
wood, or Mack Linton, senior man
ager. Opportunities are excellent
for advancement to the position of
junior manager if work is begun
within a short time, Bugge reports.
Sophomore tennis managers are
needed, and second-year men in
terested should sign up on the var
sity courts any afternoon in the
week with Coaches Bugge or Lock
wood, or Mack Linton, senior man
ager. Opportunities are excellent
for advancement to the position of
junior manager if work is begun
within a short time, Bugge reports.
Sophomore tennis managers are
needed, and second-year men in
terested should sign up on the var
sity courts any afternoon in the
week with Coaches Bugge or Lock
wood, or Mack Linton, senior man
ager. Opportunities are excellent
for advancement to the position of
junior manager if work is begun
within a short time, Bugge reports.
Sophomore tennis managers are
needed, and second-year men in
terested should sign up on the var
sity courts any afternoon in the
week with Coaches Bugge or Lock
wood, or Mack Linton, senior man
ager. Opportunities are excellent
for advancement to the position of
junior manager if work is begun
within a short time, Bugge reports.
Sophomore tennis managers are
needed, and second-year men in
terested should sign up on the var
sity courts any afternoon in the
week with Coaches Bugge or Lock
wood, or Mack Linton, senior man
ager. Opportunities are excellent
for advancement to the position of
junior manager if work is begun
within a short time, Bugge reports.
Sophomore tennis managers are
needed, and second-year men in
terested should sign up on the var
sity courts any afternoon in the
week with Coaches Bugge or Lock
wood, or Mack Linton, senior man
ager. Opportunities are excellent
for advancement to the position of
junior manager if work is begun
within a short time, Bugge reports.
Sophomore tennis managers are
needed, and second-year men in
terested should sign up on the var
sity courts any afternoon in the
week with Coaches Bugge or Lock
wood, or Mack Linton, senior man
ager. Opportunities are excellent
for advancement to the position of
junior manager if work is begun
within a short time, Bugge reports.
