# SPAIN'S ENVOY NAMED
## 
### 
MADRID, Jan. 7. (/P) —Juan Car
denas, Spanish Minister to Tokyo,
has been tentatively selected as new
Ambassador to Washington, Foreign
Office circles said today. The Caty
net still has to approve the selec
tion.
MADRID, Jan. 7. (/P) —Juan Car
denas, Spanish Minister to Tokyo,
has been tentatively selected as new
Ambassador to Washington, Foreign
Office circles said today. The Caty
net still has to approve the selec
tion.
MADRID, Jan. 7. (/P) —Juan Car
denas, Spanish Minister to Tokyo,
has been tentatively selected as new
Ambassador to Washington, Foreign
Office circles said today. The Caty
net still has to approve the selec
tion.
MADRID, Jan. 7. (/P) —Juan Car
denas, Spanish Minister to Tokyo,
has been tentatively selected as new
Ambassador to Washington, Foreign
Office circles said today. The Caty
net still has to approve the selec
tion.
MADRID, Jan. 7. (/P) —Juan Car
denas, Spanish Minister to Tokyo,
has been tentatively selected as new
Ambassador to Washington, Foreign
Office circles said today. The Caty
net still has to approve the selec
tion.
MADRID, Jan. 7. (/P) —Juan Car
denas, Spanish Minister to Tokyo,
has been tentatively selected as new
Ambassador to Washington, Foreign
Office circles said today. The Caty
net still has to approve the selec
tion.
MADRID, Jan. 7. (/P) —Juan Car
denas, Spanish Minister to Tokyo,
has been tentatively selected as new
Ambassador to Washington, Foreign
Office circles said today. The Caty
net still has to approve the selec
tion.
MADRID, Jan. 7. (/P) —Juan Car
denas, Spanish Minister to Tokyo,
has been tentatively selected as new
Ambassador to Washington, Foreign
Office circles said today. The Caty
net still has to approve the selec
tion.
MADRID, Jan. 7. (/P) —Juan Car
denas, Spanish Minister to Tokyo,
has been tentatively selected as new
Ambassador to Washington, Foreign
Office circles said today. The Caty
net still has to approve the selec
tion.
MADRID, Jan. 7. (/P) —Juan Car
denas, Spanish Minister to Tokyo,
has been tentatively selected as new
Ambassador to Washington, Foreign
Office circles said today. The Caty
net still has to approve the selec
tion.
MADRID, Jan. 7. (/P) —Juan Car
denas, Spanish Minister to Tokyo,
has been tentatively selected as new
Ambassador to Washington, Foreign
Office circles said today. The Caty
net still has to approve the selec
tion.
MADRID, Jan. 7. (/P) —Juan Car
denas, Spanish Minister to Tokyo,
has been tentatively selected as new
Ambassador to Washington, Foreign
Office circles said today. The Caty
net still has to approve the selec
tion.
MADRID, Jan. 7. (/P) —Juan Car
denas, Spanish Minister to Tokyo,
has been tentatively selected as new
Ambassador to Washington, Foreign
Office circles said today. The Caty
net still has to approve the selec
tion.
MADRID, Jan. 7. (/P) —Juan Car
denas, Spanish Minister to Tokyo,
has been tentatively selected as new
Ambassador to Washington, Foreign
Office circles said today. The Caty
net still has to approve the selec
tion.
MADRID, Jan. 7. (/P) —Juan Car
denas, Spanish Minister to Tokyo,
has been tentatively selected as new
Ambassador to Washington, Foreign
Office circles said today. The Caty
net still has to approve the selec
tion.
MADRID, Jan. 7. (/P) —Juan Car
denas, Spanish Minister to Tokyo,
has been tentatively selected as new
Ambassador to Washington, Foreign
Office circles said today. The Caty
net still has to approve the selec
tion.
