# ANNOUNCEMENTS
## 
### 
FRIDAY
12 noon—Spanish Club meets in the
Union Alcove to discuss future
plans.
4:15 p.m.—Academic Council will
meet in Room 12. Conferring of
degrees.
8 p.m.—Popular medical lecture on
"Dr. Levi Cooper Lane and the
Popular Medical Lectures," by Dr.
Emmet Rixford, Lane Hall, San
Francisco. The public is invited.
TUESDAY
12:15 p.m.—First luncheon meeting
of the quarter of the German Table,
with Dr. K. F. Reinhardt in charge.
MISCELLANEOUS
Philosophy 2, Ethics, will meet in
Room j2O of Ihe Geology Building
instead of in Room 90 as announced
in the Time Schedule.
FRIDAY
12 noon—Spanish Club meets in the
Union Alcove to discuss future
plans.
4:15 p.m.—Academic Council will
meet in Room 12. Conferring of
degrees.
8 p.m.—Popular medical lecture on
"Dr. Levi Cooper Lane and the
Popular Medical Lectures," by Dr.
Emmet Rixford, Lane Hall, San
Francisco. The public is invited.
TUESDAY
12:15 p.m.—First luncheon meeting
of the quarter of the German Table,
with Dr. K. F. Reinhardt in charge.
MISCELLANEOUS
Philosophy 2, Ethics, will meet in
Room j2O of Ihe Geology Building
instead of in Room 90 as announced
in the Time Schedule.
FRIDAY
12 noon—Spanish Club meets in the
Union Alcove to discuss future
plans.
4:15 p.m.—Academic Council will
meet in Room 12. Conferring of
degrees.
8 p.m.—Popular medical lecture on
"Dr. Levi Cooper Lane and the
Popular Medical Lectures," by Dr.
Emmet Rixford, Lane Hall, San
Francisco. The public is invited.
TUESDAY
12:15 p.m.—First luncheon meeting
of the quarter of the German Table,
with Dr. K. F. Reinhardt in charge.
MISCELLANEOUS
Philosophy 2, Ethics, will meet in
Room j2O of Ihe Geology Building
instead of in Room 90 as announced
in the Time Schedule.
FRIDAY
12 noon—Spanish Club meets in the
Union Alcove to discuss future
plans.
4:15 p.m.—Academic Council will
meet in Room 12. Conferring of
degrees.
8 p.m.—Popular medical lecture on
"Dr. Levi Cooper Lane and the
Popular Medical Lectures," by Dr.
Emmet Rixford, Lane Hall, San
Francisco. The public is invited.
TUESDAY
12:15 p.m.—First luncheon meeting
of the quarter of the German Table,
with Dr. K. F. Reinhardt in charge.
MISCELLANEOUS
Philosophy 2, Ethics, will meet in
Room j2O of Ihe Geology Building
instead of in Room 90 as announced
in the Time Schedule.
FRIDAY
12 noon—Spanish Club meets in the
Union Alcove to discuss future
plans.
4:15 p.m.—Academic Council will
meet in Room 12. Conferring of
degrees.
8 p.m.—Popular medical lecture on
"Dr. Levi Cooper Lane and the
Popular Medical Lectures," by Dr.
Emmet Rixford, Lane Hall, San
Francisco. The public is invited.
TUESDAY
12:15 p.m.—First luncheon meeting
of the quarter of the German Table,
with Dr. K. F. Reinhardt in charge.
MISCELLANEOUS
Philosophy 2, Ethics, will meet in
Room j2O of Ihe Geology Building
instead of in Room 90 as announced
in the Time Schedule.
FRIDAY
12 noon—Spanish Club meets in the
Union Alcove to discuss future
plans.
4:15 p.m.—Academic Council will
meet in Room 12. Conferring of
degrees.
8 p.m.—Popular medical lecture on
"Dr. Levi Cooper Lane and the
Popular Medical Lectures," by Dr.
Emmet Rixford, Lane Hall, San
Francisco. The public is invited.
TUESDAY
12:15 p.m.—First luncheon meeting
of the quarter of the German Table,
with Dr. K. F. Reinhardt in charge.
MISCELLANEOUS
Philosophy 2, Ethics, will meet in
Room j2O of Ihe Geology Building
instead of in Room 90 as announced
in the Time Schedule.
FRIDAY
12 noon—Spanish Club meets in the
Union Alcove to discuss future
plans.
4:15 p.m.—Academic Council will
meet in Room 12. Conferring of
degrees.
8 p.m.—Popular medical lecture on
"Dr. Levi Cooper Lane and the
Popular Medical Lectures," by Dr.
Emmet Rixford, Lane Hall, San
Francisco. The public is invited.
TUESDAY
12:15 p.m.—First luncheon meeting
of the quarter of the German Table,
with Dr. K. F. Reinhardt in charge.
MISCELLANEOUS
Philosophy 2, Ethics, will meet in
Room j2O of Ihe Geology Building
instead of in Room 90 as announced
in the Time Schedule.
FRIDAY
12 noon—Spanish Club meets in the
Union Alcove to discuss future
plans.
4:15 p.m.—Academic Council will
meet in Room 12. Conferring of
degrees.
8 p.m.—Popular medical lecture on
"Dr. Levi Cooper Lane and the
Popular Medical Lectures," by Dr.
Emmet Rixford, Lane Hall, San
Francisco. The public is invited.
TUESDAY
12:15 p.m.—First luncheon meeting
of the quarter of the German Table,
with Dr. K. F. Reinhardt in charge.
MISCELLANEOUS
Philosophy 2, Ethics, will meet in
Room j2O of Ihe Geology Building
instead of in Room 90 as announced
in the Time Schedule.
FRIDAY
12 noon—Spanish Club meets in the
Union Alcove to discuss future
plans.
4:15 p.m.—Academic Council will
meet in Room 12. Conferring of
degrees.
8 p.m.—Popular medical lecture on
"Dr. Levi Cooper Lane and the
Popular Medical Lectures," by Dr.
Emmet Rixford, Lane Hall, San
Francisco. The public is invited.
TUESDAY
12:15 p.m.—First luncheon meeting
of the quarter of the German Table,
with Dr. K. F. Reinhardt in charge.
MISCELLANEOUS
Philosophy 2, Ethics, will meet in
Room j2O of Ihe Geology Building
instead of in Room 90 as announced
in the Time Schedule.
FRIDAY
12 noon—Spanish Club meets in the
Union Alcove to discuss future
plans.
4:15 p.m.—Academic Council will
meet in Room 12. Conferring of
degrees.
8 p.m.—Popular medical lecture on
"Dr. Levi Cooper Lane and the
Popular Medical Lectures," by Dr.
Emmet Rixford, Lane Hall, San
Francisco. The public is invited.
TUESDAY
12:15 p.m.—First luncheon meeting
of the quarter of the German Table,
with Dr. K. F. Reinhardt in charge.
MISCELLANEOUS
Philosophy 2, Ethics, will meet in
Room j2O of Ihe Geology Building
instead of in Room 90 as announced
in the Time Schedule.
FRIDAY
12 noon—Spanish Club meets in the
Union Alcove to discuss future
plans.
4:15 p.m.—Academic Council will
meet in Room 12. Conferring of
degrees.
8 p.m.—Popular medical lecture on
"Dr. Levi Cooper Lane and the
Popular Medical Lectures," by Dr.
Emmet Rixford, Lane Hall, San
Francisco. The public is invited.
TUESDAY
12:15 p.m.—First luncheon meeting
of the quarter of the German Table,
with Dr. K. F. Reinhardt in charge.
MISCELLANEOUS
Philosophy 2, Ethics, will meet in
Room j2O of Ihe Geology Building
instead of in Room 90 as announced
in the Time Schedule.
FRIDAY
12 noon—Spanish Club meets in the
Union Alcove to discuss future
plans.
4:15 p.m.—Academic Council will
meet in Room 12. Conferring of
degrees.
8 p.m.—Popular medical lecture on
"Dr. Levi Cooper Lane and the
Popular Medical Lectures," by Dr.
Emmet Rixford, Lane Hall, San
Francisco. The public is invited.
TUESDAY
12:15 p.m.—First luncheon meeting
of the quarter of the German Table,
with Dr. K. F. Reinhardt in charge.
MISCELLANEOUS
Philosophy 2, Ethics, will meet in
Room j2O of Ihe Geology Building
instead of in Room 90 as announced
in the Time Schedule.
FRIDAY
12 noon—Spanish Club meets in the
Union Alcove to discuss future
plans.
4:15 p.m.—Academic Council will
meet in Room 12. Conferring of
degrees.
8 p.m.—Popular medical lecture on
"Dr. Levi Cooper Lane and the
Popular Medical Lectures," by Dr.
Emmet Rixford, Lane Hall, San
Francisco. The public is invited.
TUESDAY
12:15 p.m.—First luncheon meeting
of the quarter of the German Table,
with Dr. K. F. Reinhardt in charge.
MISCELLANEOUS
Philosophy 2, Ethics, will meet in
Room j2O of Ihe Geology Building
instead of in Room 90 as announced
in the Time Schedule.
FRIDAY
12 noon—Spanish Club meets in the
Union Alcove to discuss future
plans.
4:15 p.m.—Academic Council will
meet in Room 12. Conferring of
degrees.
8 p.m.—Popular medical lecture on
"Dr. Levi Cooper Lane and the
Popular Medical Lectures," by Dr.
Emmet Rixford, Lane Hall, San
Francisco. The public is invited.
TUESDAY
12:15 p.m.—First luncheon meeting
of the quarter of the German Table,
with Dr. K. F. Reinhardt in charge.
MISCELLANEOUS
Philosophy 2, Ethics, will meet in
Room j2O of Ihe Geology Building
instead of in Room 90 as announced
in the Time Schedule.
FRIDAY
12 noon—Spanish Club meets in the
Union Alcove to discuss future
plans.
4:15 p.m.—Academic Council will
meet in Room 12. Conferring of
degrees.
8 p.m.—Popular medical lecture on
"Dr. Levi Cooper Lane and the
Popular Medical Lectures," by Dr.
Emmet Rixford, Lane Hall, San
Francisco. The public is invited.
TUESDAY
12:15 p.m.—First luncheon meeting
of the quarter of the German Table,
with Dr. K. F. Reinhardt in charge.
MISCELLANEOUS
Philosophy 2, Ethics, will meet in
Room j2O of Ihe Geology Building
instead of in Room 90 as announced
in the Time Schedule.
FRIDAY
12 noon—Spanish Club meets in the
Union Alcove to discuss future
plans.
4:15 p.m.—Academic Council will
meet in Room 12. Conferring of
degrees.
8 p.m.—Popular medical lecture on
"Dr. Levi Cooper Lane and the
Popular Medical Lectures," by Dr.
Emmet Rixford, Lane Hall, San
Francisco. The public is invited.
TUESDAY
12:15 p.m.—First luncheon meeting
of the quarter of the German Table,
with Dr. K. F. Reinhardt in charge.
MISCELLANEOUS
Philosophy 2, Ethics, will meet in
Room j2O of Ihe Geology Building
instead of in Room 90 as announced
in the Time Schedule.
