# Diversions
## WHITE PLAZA WATCH 
### 
Watch dr moreau now,
BLAME WIE LATER!

u: MR. PRESIDENT, I JUST CALLED TO TELL YOU...


"JKF got Marilyn. You
could've done better
than an intern!"


"Couldn't you have
|ust waited till 2000?"


"Where's your
saxophone when you
need it!"


"Tell the Press, 'I'm
not an idiot. I'm
smarter than that/ "


" 'I didn't penetrate/ "
Watch dr moreau now,
BLAME WIE LATER!

u: MR. PRESIDENT, I JUST CALLED TO TELL YOU...


"JKF got Marilyn. You
could've done better
than an intern!"


"Couldn't you have
|ust waited till 2000?"


"Where's your
saxophone when you
need it!"


"Tell the Press, 'I'm
not an idiot. I'm
smarter than that/ "


" 'I didn't penetrate/ "
Watch dr moreau now,
BLAME WIE LATER!

u: MR. PRESIDENT, I JUST CALLED TO TELL YOU...


"JKF got Marilyn. You
could've done better
than an intern!"


"Couldn't you have
|ust waited till 2000?"


"Where's your
saxophone when you
need it!"


"Tell the Press, 'I'm
not an idiot. I'm
smarter than that/ "


" 'I didn't penetrate/ "
Watch dr moreau now,
BLAME WIE LATER!

u: MR. PRESIDENT, I JUST CALLED TO TELL YOU...


"JKF got Marilyn. You
could've done better
than an intern!"


"Couldn't you have
|ust waited till 2000?"


"Where's your
saxophone when you
need it!"


"Tell the Press, 'I'm
not an idiot. I'm
smarter than that/ "


" 'I didn't penetrate/ "
Watch dr moreau now,
BLAME WIE LATER!

u: MR. PRESIDENT, I JUST CALLED TO TELL YOU...


"JKF got Marilyn. You
could've done better
than an intern!"


"Couldn't you have
|ust waited till 2000?"


"Where's your
saxophone when you
need it!"


"Tell the Press, 'I'm
not an idiot. I'm
smarter than that/ "


" 'I didn't penetrate/ "
