# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Dear Mr. Prez
White Plaza Watchers offer
some words of advice.
Diversions, page 10

On the road again
Baseball goes to Fresno for
key three-game series.
Sports, page 7


Dear Mr. Prez
White Plaza Watchers offer
some words of advice.
Diversions, page 10

On the road again
Baseball goes to Fresno for
key three-game series.
Sports, page 7


Dear Mr. Prez
White Plaza Watchers offer
some words of advice.
Diversions, page 10

On the road again
Baseball goes to Fresno for
key three-game series.
Sports, page 7


Dear Mr. Prez
White Plaza Watchers offer
some words of advice.
Diversions, page 10

On the road again
Baseball goes to Fresno for
key three-game series.
Sports, page 7


Dear Mr. Prez
White Plaza Watchers offer
some words of advice.
Diversions, page 10

On the road again
Baseball goes to Fresno for
key three-game series.
Sports, page 7


