# Adv. 26 Page 11
## 
### 
WEEKEND EMPLOYMENT-
Camp Counselors needed for
residential camping program
serving children and adults with
disabilities. If you are
interested in a challenging and
rewarding experience, please
contact 408-243-7861 or
www.viaservices.org
Part-time office work. Stanford
Department needs 2 to 4 hours
a day. Run errands by foot or
bike. Move boxes upstairs and
down. File, label, stand in line
at the post office.
debmich@stanford.edu
Girl's Lacrosse Coaches Needed
Gunn High School
Great Program, Flexible Hours To
apply or for more information
e-mail lisawmaclean@gmail.com
Need Production Assistant- Learn
video editing & DVD authoring
tools. 10-15hrs/wk, $10/ hr.
Email job@mydirectorscut.com
PA Rdwds I+bd/lba condo
$2000oboinsd lndry,frpl,secure
bldg/gar w/2 blcns.comm
pool/jac.CallTena
