# Adv. 10 Page 3
## 
### 
eisenstein's
POTEMKIN
the famous story of mutiny and
revolution in Czarist Russia.
Tuesday, Jan. 18,
7:30 & 9:30
Cubberley Aud
$1.00
— intercommunal survival
committee to combat fascism
eisenstein's
POTEMKIN
the famous story of mutiny and
revolution in Czarist Russia.
Tuesday, Jan. 18,
7:30 & 9:30
Cubberley Aud
$1.00
— intercommunal survival
committee to combat fascism
eisenstein's
POTEMKIN
the famous story of mutiny and
revolution in Czarist Russia.
Tuesday, Jan. 18,
7:30 & 9:30
Cubberley Aud
$1.00
— intercommunal survival
committee to combat fascism
eisenstein's
POTEMKIN
the famous story of mutiny and
revolution in Czarist Russia.
Tuesday, Jan. 18,
7:30 & 9:30
Cubberley Aud
$1.00
— intercommunal survival
committee to combat fascism
eisenstein's
POTEMKIN
the famous story of mutiny and
revolution in Czarist Russia.
Tuesday, Jan. 18,
7:30 & 9:30
Cubberley Aud
$1.00
— intercommunal survival
committee to combat fascism
eisenstein's
POTEMKIN
the famous story of mutiny and
revolution in Czarist Russia.
Tuesday, Jan. 18,
7:30 & 9:30
Cubberley Aud
$1.00
— intercommunal survival
committee to combat fascism
eisenstein's
POTEMKIN
the famous story of mutiny and
revolution in Czarist Russia.
Tuesday, Jan. 18,
7:30 & 9:30
Cubberley Aud
$1.00
— intercommunal survival
committee to combat fascism
eisenstein's
POTEMKIN
the famous story of mutiny and
revolution in Czarist Russia.
Tuesday, Jan. 18,
7:30 & 9:30
Cubberley Aud
$1.00
— intercommunal survival
committee to combat fascism
eisenstein's
POTEMKIN
the famous story of mutiny and
revolution in Czarist Russia.
Tuesday, Jan. 18,
7:30 & 9:30
Cubberley Aud
$1.00
— intercommunal survival
committee to combat fascism
eisenstein's
POTEMKIN
the famous story of mutiny and
revolution in Czarist Russia.
Tuesday, Jan. 18,
7:30 & 9:30
Cubberley Aud
$1.00
— intercommunal survival
committee to combat fascism
eisenstein's
POTEMKIN
the famous story of mutiny and
revolution in Czarist Russia.
Tuesday, Jan. 18,
7:30 & 9:30
Cubberley Aud
$1.00
— intercommunal survival
committee to combat fascism
eisenstein's
POTEMKIN
the famous story of mutiny and
revolution in Czarist Russia.
Tuesday, Jan. 18,
7:30 & 9:30
Cubberley Aud
$1.00
— intercommunal survival
committee to combat fascism
eisenstein's
POTEMKIN
the famous story of mutiny and
revolution in Czarist Russia.
Tuesday, Jan. 18,
7:30 & 9:30
Cubberley Aud
$1.00
— intercommunal survival
committee to combat fascism
eisenstein's
POTEMKIN
the famous story of mutiny and
revolution in Czarist Russia.
Tuesday, Jan. 18,
7:30 & 9:30
Cubberley Aud
$1.00
— intercommunal survival
committee to combat fascism
