# Schools Adopt Rugby.
## 
### 
With the addition of eight Northern
California preparatory schools to the
ranks of the rugby followers, practi
cally every secondary school in the
upstate territory is now numbered
among the institutions playing the
English game. Oroville, College City,
Marysvllle, Dixon, Colusa. Willows
and Cliico are the latest entrants.
With the addition of eight Northern
California preparatory schools to the
ranks of the rugby followers, practi
cally every secondary school in the
upstate territory is now numbered
among the institutions playing the
English game. Oroville, College City,
Marysvllle, Dixon, Colusa. Willows
and Cliico are the latest entrants.
With the addition of eight Northern
California preparatory schools to the
ranks of the rugby followers, practi
cally every secondary school in the
upstate territory is now numbered
among the institutions playing the
English game. Oroville, College City,
Marysvllle, Dixon, Colusa. Willows
and Cliico are the latest entrants.
With the addition of eight Northern
California preparatory schools to the
ranks of the rugby followers, practi
cally every secondary school in the
upstate territory is now numbered
among the institutions playing the
English game. Oroville, College City,
Marysvllle, Dixon, Colusa. Willows
and Cliico are the latest entrants.
With the addition of eight Northern
California preparatory schools to the
ranks of the rugby followers, practi
cally every secondary school in the
upstate territory is now numbered
among the institutions playing the
English game. Oroville, College City,
Marysvllle, Dixon, Colusa. Willows
and Cliico are the latest entrants.
With the addition of eight Northern
California preparatory schools to the
ranks of the rugby followers, practi
cally every secondary school in the
upstate territory is now numbered
among the institutions playing the
English game. Oroville, College City,
Marysvllle, Dixon, Colusa. Willows
and Cliico are the latest entrants.
With the addition of eight Northern
California preparatory schools to the
ranks of the rugby followers, practi
cally every secondary school in the
upstate territory is now numbered
among the institutions playing the
English game. Oroville, College City,
Marysvllle, Dixon, Colusa. Willows
and Cliico are the latest entrants.
With the addition of eight Northern
California preparatory schools to the
ranks of the rugby followers, practi
cally every secondary school in the
upstate territory is now numbered
among the institutions playing the
English game. Oroville, College City,
Marysvllle, Dixon, Colusa. Willows
and Cliico are the latest entrants.
With the addition of eight Northern
California preparatory schools to the
ranks of the rugby followers, practi
cally every secondary school in the
upstate territory is now numbered
among the institutions playing the
English game. Oroville, College City,
Marysvllle, Dixon, Colusa. Willows
and Cliico are the latest entrants.
With the addition of eight Northern
California preparatory schools to the
ranks of the rugby followers, practi
cally every secondary school in the
upstate territory is now numbered
among the institutions playing the
English game. Oroville, College City,
Marysvllle, Dixon, Colusa. Willows
and Cliico are the latest entrants.
With the addition of eight Northern
California preparatory schools to the
ranks of the rugby followers, practi
cally every secondary school in the
upstate territory is now numbered
among the institutions playing the
English game. Oroville, College City,
Marysvllle, Dixon, Colusa. Willows
and Cliico are the latest entrants.
With the addition of eight Northern
California preparatory schools to the
ranks of the rugby followers, practi
cally every secondary school in the
upstate territory is now numbered
among the institutions playing the
English game. Oroville, College City,
Marysvllle, Dixon, Colusa. Willows
and Cliico are the latest entrants.
With the addition of eight Northern
California preparatory schools to the
ranks of the rugby followers, practi
cally every secondary school in the
upstate territory is now numbered
among the institutions playing the
English game. Oroville, College City,
Marysvllle, Dixon, Colusa. Willows
and Cliico are the latest entrants.
