# Stanford Chapter of Suffrage Club.
## 
### 
A local branch of the Collegiate Wo
man Suffrage League has been in pro
gress now for two years, and so far
much interest has been shown by the
women of the University. The main
object of its existence is to afford a
means of studying the question of suf
frage and of learning the pros and
cons of the situation. The meetings
have been given over to talks by the
members on topics of vital interest,
such as "Child Labor," "Compulsory
Education," Pure Food Laws," etc.
Prof. L. J. Martin has spoken on the
movement in England.
For next semester plans have been
made for the entertainment by the
club of Miss C. Jackson, Miss Fannie
McLean, and Mrs. Florence Gerberd
ing, who are women of wide experience
on problems of vital interest.
A local branch of the Collegiate Wo
man Suffrage League has been in pro
gress now for two years, and so far
much interest has been shown by the
women of the University. The main
object of its existence is to afford a
means of studying the question of suf
frage and of learning the pros and
cons of the situation. The meetings
have been given over to talks by the
members on topics of vital interest,
such as "Child Labor," "Compulsory
Education," Pure Food Laws," etc.
Prof. L. J. Martin has spoken on the
movement in England.
For next semester plans have been
made for the entertainment by the
club of Miss C. Jackson, Miss Fannie
McLean, and Mrs. Florence Gerberd
ing, who are women of wide experience
on problems of vital interest.
A local branch of the Collegiate Wo
man Suffrage League has been in pro
gress now for two years, and so far
much interest has been shown by the
women of the University. The main
object of its existence is to afford a
means of studying the question of suf
frage and of learning the pros and
cons of the situation. The meetings
have been given over to talks by the
members on topics of vital interest,
such as "Child Labor," "Compulsory
Education," Pure Food Laws," etc.
Prof. L. J. Martin has spoken on the
movement in England.
For next semester plans have been
made for the entertainment by the
club of Miss C. Jackson, Miss Fannie
McLean, and Mrs. Florence Gerberd
ing, who are women of wide experience
on problems of vital interest.
A local branch of the Collegiate Wo
man Suffrage League has been in pro
gress now for two years, and so far
much interest has been shown by the
women of the University. The main
object of its existence is to afford a
means of studying the question of suf
frage and of learning the pros and
cons of the situation. The meetings
have been given over to talks by the
members on topics of vital interest,
such as "Child Labor," "Compulsory
Education," Pure Food Laws," etc.
Prof. L. J. Martin has spoken on the
movement in England.
For next semester plans have been
made for the entertainment by the
club of Miss C. Jackson, Miss Fannie
McLean, and Mrs. Florence Gerberd
ing, who are women of wide experience
on problems of vital interest.
A local branch of the Collegiate Wo
man Suffrage League has been in pro
gress now for two years, and so far
much interest has been shown by the
women of the University. The main
object of its existence is to afford a
means of studying the question of suf
frage and of learning the pros and
cons of the situation. The meetings
have been given over to talks by the
members on topics of vital interest,
such as "Child Labor," "Compulsory
Education," Pure Food Laws," etc.
Prof. L. J. Martin has spoken on the
movement in England.
For next semester plans have been
made for the entertainment by the
club of Miss C. Jackson, Miss Fannie
McLean, and Mrs. Florence Gerberd
ing, who are women of wide experience
on problems of vital interest.
A local branch of the Collegiate Wo
man Suffrage League has been in pro
gress now for two years, and so far
much interest has been shown by the
women of the University. The main
object of its existence is to afford a
means of studying the question of suf
frage and of learning the pros and
cons of the situation. The meetings
have been given over to talks by the
members on topics of vital interest,
such as "Child Labor," "Compulsory
Education," Pure Food Laws," etc.
Prof. L. J. Martin has spoken on the
movement in England.
For next semester plans have been
made for the entertainment by the
club of Miss C. Jackson, Miss Fannie
McLean, and Mrs. Florence Gerberd
ing, who are women of wide experience
on problems of vital interest.
A local branch of the Collegiate Wo
man Suffrage League has been in pro
gress now for two years, and so far
much interest has been shown by the
women of the University. The main
object of its existence is to afford a
means of studying the question of suf
frage and of learning the pros and
cons of the situation. The meetings
have been given over to talks by the
members on topics of vital interest,
such as "Child Labor," "Compulsory
Education," Pure Food Laws," etc.
Prof. L. J. Martin has spoken on the
movement in England.
For next semester plans have been
made for the entertainment by the
club of Miss C. Jackson, Miss Fannie
McLean, and Mrs. Florence Gerberd
ing, who are women of wide experience
on problems of vital interest.
A local branch of the Collegiate Wo
man Suffrage League has been in pro
gress now for two years, and so far
much interest has been shown by the
women of the University. The main
object of its existence is to afford a
means of studying the question of suf
frage and of learning the pros and
cons of the situation. The meetings
have been given over to talks by the
members on topics of vital interest,
such as "Child Labor," "Compulsory
Education," Pure Food Laws," etc.
Prof. L. J. Martin has spoken on the
movement in England.
For next semester plans have been
made for the entertainment by the
club of Miss C. Jackson, Miss Fannie
McLean, and Mrs. Florence Gerberd
ing, who are women of wide experience
on problems of vital interest.
A local branch of the Collegiate Wo
man Suffrage League has been in pro
gress now for two years, and so far
much interest has been shown by the
women of the University. The main
object of its existence is to afford a
means of studying the question of suf
frage and of learning the pros and
cons of the situation. The meetings
have been given over to talks by the
members on topics of vital interest,
such as "Child Labor," "Compulsory
Education," Pure Food Laws," etc.
Prof. L. J. Martin has spoken on the
movement in England.
For next semester plans have been
made for the entertainment by the
club of Miss C. Jackson, Miss Fannie
McLean, and Mrs. Florence Gerberd
ing, who are women of wide experience
on problems of vital interest.
A local branch of the Collegiate Wo
man Suffrage League has been in pro
gress now for two years, and so far
much interest has been shown by the
women of the University. The main
object of its existence is to afford a
means of studying the question of suf
frage and of learning the pros and
cons of the situation. The meetings
have been given over to talks by the
members on topics of vital interest,
such as "Child Labor," "Compulsory
Education," Pure Food Laws," etc.
Prof. L. J. Martin has spoken on the
movement in England.
For next semester plans have been
made for the entertainment by the
club of Miss C. Jackson, Miss Fannie
McLean, and Mrs. Florence Gerberd
ing, who are women of wide experience
on problems of vital interest.
A local branch of the Collegiate Wo
man Suffrage League has been in pro
gress now for two years, and so far
much interest has been shown by the
women of the University. The main
object of its existence is to afford a
means of studying the question of suf
frage and of learning the pros and
cons of the situation. The meetings
have been given over to talks by the
members on topics of vital interest,
such as "Child Labor," "Compulsory
Education," Pure Food Laws," etc.
Prof. L. J. Martin has spoken on the
movement in England.
For next semester plans have been
made for the entertainment by the
club of Miss C. Jackson, Miss Fannie
McLean, and Mrs. Florence Gerberd
ing, who are women of wide experience
on problems of vital interest.
