# Rev. Matt Hughes Will Preach.
## 
### 
The Rev. Matt Hughes, pastor of the
First Presbyterian church of Pasa
dena, will preach the sermon at the
morning chapel service on next Sun
day. Special music is to be provided.
The Rev. Matt Hughes, pastor of the
First Presbyterian church of Pasa
dena, will preach the sermon at the
morning chapel service on next Sun
day. Special music is to be provided.
The Rev. Matt Hughes, pastor of the
First Presbyterian church of Pasa
dena, will preach the sermon at the
morning chapel service on next Sun
day. Special music is to be provided.
The Rev. Matt Hughes, pastor of the
First Presbyterian church of Pasa
dena, will preach the sermon at the
morning chapel service on next Sun
day. Special music is to be provided.
The Rev. Matt Hughes, pastor of the
First Presbyterian church of Pasa
dena, will preach the sermon at the
morning chapel service on next Sun
day. Special music is to be provided.
The Rev. Matt Hughes, pastor of the
First Presbyterian church of Pasa
dena, will preach the sermon at the
morning chapel service on next Sun
day. Special music is to be provided.
The Rev. Matt Hughes, pastor of the
First Presbyterian church of Pasa
dena, will preach the sermon at the
morning chapel service on next Sun
day. Special music is to be provided.
The Rev. Matt Hughes, pastor of the
First Presbyterian church of Pasa
dena, will preach the sermon at the
morning chapel service on next Sun
day. Special music is to be provided.
The Rev. Matt Hughes, pastor of the
First Presbyterian church of Pasa
dena, will preach the sermon at the
morning chapel service on next Sun
day. Special music is to be provided.
The Rev. Matt Hughes, pastor of the
First Presbyterian church of Pasa
dena, will preach the sermon at the
morning chapel service on next Sun
day. Special music is to be provided.
The Rev. Matt Hughes, pastor of the
First Presbyterian church of Pasa
dena, will preach the sermon at the
morning chapel service on next Sun
day. Special music is to be provided.
