# Untitled Article
## 
### 
EATING CLUB open house this
Thursday night — information in
tomorrow's Daily.
EATING CLUB open house this
Thursday night — information in
tomorrow's Daily.
EATING CLUB open house this
Thursday night — information in
tomorrow's Daily.
EATING CLUB open house this
Thursday night — information in
tomorrow's Daily.
EATING CLUB open house this
Thursday night — information in
tomorrow's Daily.
EATING CLUB open house this
Thursday night — information in
tomorrow's Daily.
EATING CLUB open house this
Thursday night — information in
tomorrow's Daily.
EATING CLUB open house this
Thursday night — information in
tomorrow's Daily.
EATING CLUB open house this
Thursday night — information in
tomorrow's Daily.
EATING CLUB open house this
Thursday night — information in
tomorrow's Daily.
EATING CLUB open house this
Thursday night — information in
tomorrow's Daily.
EATING CLUB open house this
Thursday night — information in
tomorrow's Daily.
EATING CLUB open house this
Thursday night — information in
tomorrow's Daily.
EATING CLUB open house this
Thursday night — information in
tomorrow's Daily.
EATING CLUB open house this
Thursday night — information in
tomorrow's Daily.
