# Carnot Debate.
## 
### 
The executive committee of the
Intersociety Debating League met
Saturday. Adams, '()(), and Wick
ersham, ? ()(), were selected to a t
with A. 11 Suzzallo, '99, on the in
tercollegiate debating committee.
The drawings for the semi-finals
of the Carnot debate resulted as
follows: November 3d, lirst debate,
"Resolved, That Anti-Semitic agi
tation in France is justifiable." Af
firmative, J. E. Wilson, L. B.
Wi'son; negative, lliddell, Maples.

| Second debate, "Resolved, That
France should reduce her standing
army to about 100,000 men. (It is
agreed that 100 000 men will he
sufiicientp for police purposes.)"
Affirmative, English, Schneider;
negative, Page, Holly.
November 4th, first debate, "Re
solved, That the American plan of
local self-government in education
should be adopted in France."
Affirmative, Decarli, Morris; nega
tive, Mar rack, Quayle. Second
debate, Granting that Dreyfus was
guilt)', "Resolved, That his pardon
was expedient." Affirmative, Edlin,
King, Dickson; negative, Lewis,
Cummings, Anspacher.
The executive committee of the
Intersociety Debating League met
Saturday. Adams, '()(), and Wick
ersham, ? ()(), were selected to a t
with A. 11 Suzzallo, '99, on the in
tercollegiate debating committee.
The drawings for the semi-finals
of the Carnot debate resulted as
follows: November 3d, lirst debate,
"Resolved, That Anti-Semitic agi
tation in France is justifiable." Af
firmative, J. E. Wilson, L. B.
Wi'son; negative, lliddell, Maples.

| Second debate, "Resolved, That
France should reduce her standing
army to about 100,000 men. (It is
agreed that 100 000 men will he
sufiicientp for police purposes.)"
Affirmative, English, Schneider;
negative, Page, Holly.
November 4th, first debate, "Re
solved, That the American plan of
local self-government in education
should be adopted in France."
Affirmative, Decarli, Morris; nega
tive, Mar rack, Quayle. Second
debate, Granting that Dreyfus was
guilt)', "Resolved, That his pardon
was expedient." Affirmative, Edlin,
King, Dickson; negative, Lewis,
Cummings, Anspacher.
The executive committee of the
Intersociety Debating League met
Saturday. Adams, '()(), and Wick
ersham, ? ()(), were selected to a t
with A. 11 Suzzallo, '99, on the in
tercollegiate debating committee.
The drawings for the semi-finals
of the Carnot debate resulted as
follows: November 3d, lirst debate,
"Resolved, That Anti-Semitic agi
tation in France is justifiable." Af
firmative, J. E. Wilson, L. B.
Wi'son; negative, lliddell, Maples.

| Second debate, "Resolved, That
France should reduce her standing
army to about 100,000 men. (It is
agreed that 100 000 men will he
sufiicientp for police purposes.)"
Affirmative, English, Schneider;
negative, Page, Holly.
November 4th, first debate, "Re
solved, That the American plan of
local self-government in education
should be adopted in France."
Affirmative, Decarli, Morris; nega
tive, Mar rack, Quayle. Second
debate, Granting that Dreyfus was
guilt)', "Resolved, That his pardon
was expedient." Affirmative, Edlin,
King, Dickson; negative, Lewis,
Cummings, Anspacher.
The executive committee of the
Intersociety Debating League met
Saturday. Adams, '()(), and Wick
ersham, ? ()(), were selected to a t
with A. 11 Suzzallo, '99, on the in
tercollegiate debating committee.
The drawings for the semi-finals
of the Carnot debate resulted as
follows: November 3d, lirst debate,
"Resolved, That Anti-Semitic agi
tation in France is justifiable." Af
firmative, J. E. Wilson, L. B.
Wi'son; negative, lliddell, Maples.

| Second debate, "Resolved, That
France should reduce her standing
army to about 100,000 men. (It is
agreed that 100 000 men will he
sufiicientp for police purposes.)"
Affirmative, English, Schneider;
negative, Page, Holly.
November 4th, first debate, "Re
solved, That the American plan of
local self-government in education
should be adopted in France."
Affirmative, Decarli, Morris; nega
tive, Mar rack, Quayle. Second
debate, Granting that Dreyfus was
guilt)', "Resolved, That his pardon
was expedient." Affirmative, Edlin,
King, Dickson; negative, Lewis,
Cummings, Anspacher.
The executive committee of the
Intersociety Debating League met
Saturday. Adams, '()(), and Wick
ersham, ? ()(), were selected to a t
with A. 11 Suzzallo, '99, on the in
tercollegiate debating committee.
The drawings for the semi-finals
of the Carnot debate resulted as
follows: November 3d, lirst debate,
"Resolved, That Anti-Semitic agi
tation in France is justifiable." Af
firmative, J. E. Wilson, L. B.
Wi'son; negative, lliddell, Maples.

| Second debate, "Resolved, That
France should reduce her standing
army to about 100,000 men. (It is
agreed that 100 000 men will he
sufiicientp for police purposes.)"
Affirmative, English, Schneider;
negative, Page, Holly.
November 4th, first debate, "Re
solved, That the American plan of
local self-government in education
should be adopted in France."
Affirmative, Decarli, Morris; nega
tive, Mar rack, Quayle. Second
debate, Granting that Dreyfus was
guilt)', "Resolved, That his pardon
was expedient." Affirmative, Edlin,
King, Dickson; negative, Lewis,
Cummings, Anspacher.
The executive committee of the
Intersociety Debating League met
Saturday. Adams, '()(), and Wick
ersham, ? ()(), were selected to a t
with A. 11 Suzzallo, '99, on the in
tercollegiate debating committee.
The drawings for the semi-finals
of the Carnot debate resulted as
follows: November 3d, lirst debate,
"Resolved, That Anti-Semitic agi
tation in France is justifiable." Af
firmative, J. E. Wilson, L. B.
Wi'son; negative, lliddell, Maples.

| Second debate, "Resolved, That
France should reduce her standing
army to about 100,000 men. (It is
agreed that 100 000 men will he
sufiicientp for police purposes.)"
Affirmative, English, Schneider;
negative, Page, Holly.
November 4th, first debate, "Re
solved, That the American plan of
local self-government in education
should be adopted in France."
Affirmative, Decarli, Morris; nega
tive, Mar rack, Quayle. Second
debate, Granting that Dreyfus was
guilt)', "Resolved, That his pardon
was expedient." Affirmative, Edlin,
King, Dickson; negative, Lewis,
Cummings, Anspacher.
