# Farm to Receive Radio Equipment
## 
### 
In accordance with the army's
new modernization plans, the mili
tary department has received notice
from the War Department that it is
to receive eight radio transmitters
and receivers, and new sound mo
tion picture projection equipment.
The new radio equipment is similar
in type to those boing sent to other
field artillery reserve and active
units.
Stanford is going to receive six
radio receivers and transmitters of
the type SCR-195, and two outfits
of the type SCK-194. The radio
equipment is expected to be used
in conjunction with the present tel
ephonic equipment, which is now in
use. Students will be taught, to op
erate and make field repairs on the
sets.
