# Results of Lag Elections Told
## 
### 
Newly elected Lagunita casa offi
cers are as follows:
Arielfu — President, Ann Miller;
vice-president, Emily Hanna; Com
mittee of Seven member, Pat Demp
ster.
Kucalypto—President, Shirley Ca
sella; vice - president, Ann Kin«;
Committee of Seven member, "Mike"
Stevens.
Granada — President, Mary Ann
Aldrich; vice - president, Sally De
bits; Committee of Seven member,
Betty Harris.
Magnolia — President, Sally St.
John; vice - president, Mary Lou
Walker; Committee of Seven mem
ber, Joanne Hixson.
Naranja — President, Judy Fisher;
vice-president, Carol Roselyn; Com
mittee of Seven member, Gerry Rid
dell.
Olivo — President, Nell Schild
meyer; vice - president, Elizabeth
Hawkins; Committee of Seven mem
ber, Jan Kreager.
New and old casa officers and new
and old Court officers will be hon

ored at the inauguration dinner at
Lagunita tonight. During the dinner
the individual easas will sing origi
nal songs honoring their officers.
Newly elected Lagunita casa offi
cers are as follows:
Arielfu — President, Ann Miller;
vice-president, Emily Hanna; Com
mittee of Seven member, Pat Demp
ster.
Kucalypto—President, Shirley Ca
sella; vice - president, Ann Kin«;
Committee of Seven member, "Mike"
Stevens.
Granada — President, Mary Ann
Aldrich; vice - president, Sally De
bits; Committee of Seven member,
Betty Harris.
Magnolia — President, Sally St.
John; vice - president, Mary Lou
Walker; Committee of Seven mem
ber, Joanne Hixson.
Naranja — President, Judy Fisher;
vice-president, Carol Roselyn; Com
mittee of Seven member, Gerry Rid
dell.
Olivo — President, Nell Schild
meyer; vice - president, Elizabeth
Hawkins; Committee of Seven mem
ber, Jan Kreager.
New and old casa officers and new
and old Court officers will be hon

ored at the inauguration dinner at
Lagunita tonight. During the dinner
the individual easas will sing origi
nal songs honoring their officers.
Newly elected Lagunita casa offi
cers are as follows:
Arielfu — President, Ann Miller;
vice-president, Emily Hanna; Com
mittee of Seven member, Pat Demp
ster.
Kucalypto—President, Shirley Ca
sella; vice - president, Ann Kin«;
Committee of Seven member, "Mike"
Stevens.
Granada — President, Mary Ann
Aldrich; vice - president, Sally De
bits; Committee of Seven member,
Betty Harris.
Magnolia — President, Sally St.
John; vice - president, Mary Lou
Walker; Committee of Seven mem
ber, Joanne Hixson.
Naranja — President, Judy Fisher;
vice-president, Carol Roselyn; Com
mittee of Seven member, Gerry Rid
dell.
Olivo — President, Nell Schild
meyer; vice - president, Elizabeth
Hawkins; Committee of Seven mem
ber, Jan Kreager.
New and old casa officers and new
and old Court officers will be hon

ored at the inauguration dinner at
Lagunita tonight. During the dinner
the individual easas will sing origi
nal songs honoring their officers.
Newly elected Lagunita casa offi
cers are as follows:
Arielfu — President, Ann Miller;
vice-president, Emily Hanna; Com
mittee of Seven member, Pat Demp
ster.
Kucalypto—President, Shirley Ca
sella; vice - president, Ann Kin«;
Committee of Seven member, "Mike"
Stevens.
Granada — President, Mary Ann
Aldrich; vice - president, Sally De
bits; Committee of Seven member,
Betty Harris.
Magnolia — President, Sally St.
John; vice - president, Mary Lou
Walker; Committee of Seven mem
ber, Joanne Hixson.
Naranja — President, Judy Fisher;
vice-president, Carol Roselyn; Com
mittee of Seven member, Gerry Rid
dell.
Olivo — President, Nell Schild
meyer; vice - president, Elizabeth
Hawkins; Committee of Seven mem
ber, Jan Kreager.
New and old casa officers and new
and old Court officers will be hon

ored at the inauguration dinner at
Lagunita tonight. During the dinner
the individual easas will sing origi
nal songs honoring their officers.
Newly elected Lagunita casa offi
cers are as follows:
Arielfu — President, Ann Miller;
vice-president, Emily Hanna; Com
mittee of Seven member, Pat Demp
ster.
Kucalypto—President, Shirley Ca
sella; vice - president, Ann Kin«;
Committee of Seven member, "Mike"
Stevens.
Granada — President, Mary Ann
Aldrich; vice - president, Sally De
bits; Committee of Seven member,
Betty Harris.
Magnolia — President, Sally St.
John; vice - president, Mary Lou
Walker; Committee of Seven mem
ber, Joanne Hixson.
Naranja — President, Judy Fisher;
vice-president, Carol Roselyn; Com
mittee of Seven member, Gerry Rid
dell.
Olivo — President, Nell Schild
meyer; vice - president, Elizabeth
Hawkins; Committee of Seven mem
ber, Jan Kreager.
New and old casa officers and new
and old Court officers will be hon

ored at the inauguration dinner at
Lagunita tonight. During the dinner
the individual easas will sing origi
nal songs honoring their officers.
Newly elected Lagunita casa offi
cers are as follows:
Arielfu — President, Ann Miller;
vice-president, Emily Hanna; Com
mittee of Seven member, Pat Demp
ster.
Kucalypto—President, Shirley Ca
sella; vice - president, Ann Kin«;
Committee of Seven member, "Mike"
Stevens.
Granada — President, Mary Ann
Aldrich; vice - president, Sally De
bits; Committee of Seven member,
Betty Harris.
Magnolia — President, Sally St.
John; vice - president, Mary Lou
Walker; Committee of Seven mem
ber, Joanne Hixson.
Naranja — President, Judy Fisher;
vice-president, Carol Roselyn; Com
mittee of Seven member, Gerry Rid
dell.
Olivo — President, Nell Schild
meyer; vice - president, Elizabeth
Hawkins; Committee of Seven mem
ber, Jan Kreager.
New and old casa officers and new
and old Court officers will be hon

ored at the inauguration dinner at
Lagunita tonight. During the dinner
the individual easas will sing origi
nal songs honoring their officers.
Newly elected Lagunita casa offi
cers are as follows:
Arielfu — President, Ann Miller;
vice-president, Emily Hanna; Com
mittee of Seven member, Pat Demp
ster.
Kucalypto—President, Shirley Ca
sella; vice - president, Ann Kin«;
Committee of Seven member, "Mike"
Stevens.
Granada — President, Mary Ann
Aldrich; vice - president, Sally De
bits; Committee of Seven member,
Betty Harris.
Magnolia — President, Sally St.
John; vice - president, Mary Lou
Walker; Committee of Seven mem
ber, Joanne Hixson.
Naranja — President, Judy Fisher;
vice-president, Carol Roselyn; Com
mittee of Seven member, Gerry Rid
dell.
Olivo — President, Nell Schild
meyer; vice - president, Elizabeth
Hawkins; Committee of Seven mem
ber, Jan Kreager.
New and old casa officers and new
and old Court officers will be hon

ored at the inauguration dinner at
Lagunita tonight. During the dinner
the individual easas will sing origi
nal songs honoring their officers.
Newly elected Lagunita casa offi
cers are as follows:
Arielfu — President, Ann Miller;
vice-president, Emily Hanna; Com
mittee of Seven member, Pat Demp
ster.
Kucalypto—President, Shirley Ca
sella; vice - president, Ann Kin«;
Committee of Seven member, "Mike"
Stevens.
Granada — President, Mary Ann
Aldrich; vice - president, Sally De
bits; Committee of Seven member,
Betty Harris.
Magnolia — President, Sally St.
John; vice - president, Mary Lou
Walker; Committee of Seven mem
ber, Joanne Hixson.
Naranja — President, Judy Fisher;
vice-president, Carol Roselyn; Com
mittee of Seven member, Gerry Rid
dell.
Olivo — President, Nell Schild
meyer; vice - president, Elizabeth
Hawkins; Committee of Seven mem
ber, Jan Kreager.
New and old casa officers and new
and old Court officers will be hon

ored at the inauguration dinner at
Lagunita tonight. During the dinner
the individual easas will sing origi
nal songs honoring their officers.
Newly elected Lagunita casa offi
cers are as follows:
Arielfu — President, Ann Miller;
vice-president, Emily Hanna; Com
mittee of Seven member, Pat Demp
ster.
Kucalypto—President, Shirley Ca
sella; vice - president, Ann Kin«;
Committee of Seven member, "Mike"
Stevens.
Granada — President, Mary Ann
Aldrich; vice - president, Sally De
bits; Committee of Seven member,
Betty Harris.
Magnolia — President, Sally St.
John; vice - president, Mary Lou
Walker; Committee of Seven mem
ber, Joanne Hixson.
Naranja — President, Judy Fisher;
vice-president, Carol Roselyn; Com
mittee of Seven member, Gerry Rid
dell.
Olivo — President, Nell Schild
meyer; vice - president, Elizabeth
Hawkins; Committee of Seven mem
ber, Jan Kreager.
New and old casa officers and new
and old Court officers will be hon

ored at the inauguration dinner at
Lagunita tonight. During the dinner
the individual easas will sing origi
nal songs honoring their officers.
Newly elected Lagunita casa offi
cers are as follows:
Arielfu — President, Ann Miller;
vice-president, Emily Hanna; Com
mittee of Seven member, Pat Demp
ster.
Kucalypto—President, Shirley Ca
sella; vice - president, Ann Kin«;
Committee of Seven member, "Mike"
Stevens.
Granada — President, Mary Ann
Aldrich; vice - president, Sally De
bits; Committee of Seven member,
Betty Harris.
Magnolia — President, Sally St.
John; vice - president, Mary Lou
Walker; Committee of Seven mem
ber, Joanne Hixson.
Naranja — President, Judy Fisher;
vice-president, Carol Roselyn; Com
mittee of Seven member, Gerry Rid
dell.
Olivo — President, Nell Schild
meyer; vice - president, Elizabeth
Hawkins; Committee of Seven mem
ber, Jan Kreager.
New and old casa officers and new
and old Court officers will be hon

ored at the inauguration dinner at
Lagunita tonight. During the dinner
the individual easas will sing origi
nal songs honoring their officers.
Newly elected Lagunita casa offi
cers are as follows:
Arielfu — President, Ann Miller;
vice-president, Emily Hanna; Com
mittee of Seven member, Pat Demp
ster.
Kucalypto—President, Shirley Ca
sella; vice - president, Ann Kin«;
Committee of Seven member, "Mike"
Stevens.
Granada — President, Mary Ann
Aldrich; vice - president, Sally De
bits; Committee of Seven member,
Betty Harris.
Magnolia — President, Sally St.
John; vice - president, Mary Lou
Walker; Committee of Seven mem
ber, Joanne Hixson.
Naranja — President, Judy Fisher;
vice-president, Carol Roselyn; Com
mittee of Seven member, Gerry Rid
dell.
Olivo — President, Nell Schild
meyer; vice - president, Elizabeth
Hawkins; Committee of Seven mem
ber, Jan Kreager.
New and old casa officers and new
and old Court officers will be hon

ored at the inauguration dinner at
Lagunita tonight. During the dinner
the individual easas will sing origi
nal songs honoring their officers.
Newly elected Lagunita casa offi
cers are as follows:
Arielfu — President, Ann Miller;
vice-president, Emily Hanna; Com
mittee of Seven member, Pat Demp
ster.
Kucalypto—President, Shirley Ca
sella; vice - president, Ann Kin«;
Committee of Seven member, "Mike"
Stevens.
Granada — President, Mary Ann
Aldrich; vice - president, Sally De
bits; Committee of Seven member,
Betty Harris.
Magnolia — President, Sally St.
John; vice - president, Mary Lou
Walker; Committee of Seven mem
ber, Joanne Hixson.
Naranja — President, Judy Fisher;
vice-president, Carol Roselyn; Com
mittee of Seven member, Gerry Rid
dell.
Olivo — President, Nell Schild
meyer; vice - president, Elizabeth
Hawkins; Committee of Seven mem
ber, Jan Kreager.
New and old casa officers and new
and old Court officers will be hon

ored at the inauguration dinner at
Lagunita tonight. During the dinner
the individual easas will sing origi
nal songs honoring their officers.
Newly elected Lagunita casa offi
cers are as follows:
Arielfu — President, Ann Miller;
vice-president, Emily Hanna; Com
mittee of Seven member, Pat Demp
ster.
Kucalypto—President, Shirley Ca
sella; vice - president, Ann Kin«;
Committee of Seven member, "Mike"
Stevens.
Granada — President, Mary Ann
Aldrich; vice - president, Sally De
bits; Committee of Seven member,
Betty Harris.
Magnolia — President, Sally St.
John; vice - president, Mary Lou
Walker; Committee of Seven mem
ber, Joanne Hixson.
Naranja — President, Judy Fisher;
vice-president, Carol Roselyn; Com
mittee of Seven member, Gerry Rid
dell.
Olivo — President, Nell Schild
meyer; vice - president, Elizabeth
Hawkins; Committee of Seven mem
ber, Jan Kreager.
New and old casa officers and new
and old Court officers will be hon

ored at the inauguration dinner at
Lagunita tonight. During the dinner
the individual easas will sing origi
nal songs honoring their officers.
Newly elected Lagunita casa offi
cers are as follows:
Arielfu — President, Ann Miller;
vice-president, Emily Hanna; Com
mittee of Seven member, Pat Demp
ster.
Kucalypto—President, Shirley Ca
sella; vice - president, Ann Kin«;
Committee of Seven member, "Mike"
Stevens.
Granada — President, Mary Ann
Aldrich; vice - president, Sally De
bits; Committee of Seven member,
Betty Harris.
Magnolia — President, Sally St.
John; vice - president, Mary Lou
Walker; Committee of Seven mem
ber, Joanne Hixson.
Naranja — President, Judy Fisher;
vice-president, Carol Roselyn; Com
mittee of Seven member, Gerry Rid
dell.
Olivo — President, Nell Schild
meyer; vice - president, Elizabeth
Hawkins; Committee of Seven mem
ber, Jan Kreager.
New and old casa officers and new
and old Court officers will be hon

ored at the inauguration dinner at
Lagunita tonight. During the dinner
the individual easas will sing origi
nal songs honoring their officers.
Newly elected Lagunita casa offi
cers are as follows:
Arielfu — President, Ann Miller;
vice-president, Emily Hanna; Com
mittee of Seven member, Pat Demp
ster.
Kucalypto—President, Shirley Ca
sella; vice - president, Ann Kin«;
Committee of Seven member, "Mike"
Stevens.
Granada — President, Mary Ann
Aldrich; vice - president, Sally De
bits; Committee of Seven member,
Betty Harris.
Magnolia — President, Sally St.
John; vice - president, Mary Lou
Walker; Committee of Seven mem
ber, Joanne Hixson.
Naranja — President, Judy Fisher;
vice-president, Carol Roselyn; Com
mittee of Seven member, Gerry Rid
dell.
Olivo — President, Nell Schild
meyer; vice - president, Elizabeth
Hawkins; Committee of Seven mem
ber, Jan Kreager.
New and old casa officers and new
and old Court officers will be hon

ored at the inauguration dinner at
Lagunita tonight. During the dinner
the individual easas will sing origi
nal songs honoring their officers.
