# Dr. Sterling Will Speak Before Faculty Club
## 
### 
Dr. Wallace Sterling will speak
before members of the Stanford
Women's Faculty Club this after
noon at 3 in the Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. Wallace Sterling will speak
before members of the Stanford
Women's Faculty Club this after
noon at 3 in the Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. Wallace Sterling will speak
before members of the Stanford
Women's Faculty Club this after
noon at 3 in the Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. Wallace Sterling will speak
before members of the Stanford
Women's Faculty Club this after
noon at 3 in the Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. Wallace Sterling will speak
before members of the Stanford
Women's Faculty Club this after
noon at 3 in the Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. Wallace Sterling will speak
before members of the Stanford
Women's Faculty Club this after
noon at 3 in the Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. Wallace Sterling will speak
before members of the Stanford
Women's Faculty Club this after
noon at 3 in the Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. Wallace Sterling will speak
before members of the Stanford
Women's Faculty Club this after
noon at 3 in the Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. Wallace Sterling will speak
before members of the Stanford
Women's Faculty Club this after
noon at 3 in the Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. Wallace Sterling will speak
before members of the Stanford
Women's Faculty Club this after
noon at 3 in the Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. Wallace Sterling will speak
before members of the Stanford
Women's Faculty Club this after
noon at 3 in the Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. Wallace Sterling will speak
before members of the Stanford
Women's Faculty Club this after
noon at 3 in the Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. Wallace Sterling will speak
before members of the Stanford
Women's Faculty Club this after
noon at 3 in the Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. Wallace Sterling will speak
before members of the Stanford
Women's Faculty Club this after
noon at 3 in the Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. Wallace Sterling will speak
before members of the Stanford
Women's Faculty Club this after
noon at 3 in the Women's Clubhouse.
