# Untitled Article
## 
### 
All right, kiddums, this is it: the big good-bye. we all knew that this moment would
corne eventually, so try not to shed too many tears. As the sun sets on another glo
rious volume of Intermission, we'd like to thank the people who masked our incom
petence: the writers, Mark Boucher, Duran Alvarez, Eric and Kirn and most of all that
eternally bright source of German healing light, Sandy Schmidt. Finally, we'd like to
give a final fuck you to the following folks: George Lucas, creed, Rolling Stone Mag
azine, the Oscars, the Grarnmys, Kenny G, VHi Divas, all those cats who said we couldn't
make it in this business called hip hop and every writer who consistently turned'in
their stories late.
■ -Kareern and Anthony
All right, kiddums, this is it: the big good-bye. we all knew that this moment would
corne eventually, so try not to shed too many tears. As the sun sets on another glo
rious volume of Intermission, we'd like to thank the people who masked our incom
petence: the writers, Mark Boucher, Duran Alvarez, Eric and Kirn and most of all that
eternally bright source of German healing light, Sandy Schmidt. Finally, we'd like to
give a final fuck you to the following folks: George Lucas, creed, Rolling Stone Mag
azine, the Oscars, the Grarnmys, Kenny G, VHi Divas, all those cats who said we couldn't
make it in this business called hip hop and every writer who consistently turned'in
their stories late.
■ -Kareern and Anthony
All right, kiddums, this is it: the big good-bye. we all knew that this moment would
corne eventually, so try not to shed too many tears. As the sun sets on another glo
rious volume of Intermission, we'd like to thank the people who masked our incom
petence: the writers, Mark Boucher, Duran Alvarez, Eric and Kirn and most of all that
eternally bright source of German healing light, Sandy Schmidt. Finally, we'd like to
give a final fuck you to the following folks: George Lucas, creed, Rolling Stone Mag
azine, the Oscars, the Grarnmys, Kenny G, VHi Divas, all those cats who said we couldn't
make it in this business called hip hop and every writer who consistently turned'in
their stories late.
■ -Kareern and Anthony
All right, kiddums, this is it: the big good-bye. we all knew that this moment would
corne eventually, so try not to shed too many tears. As the sun sets on another glo
rious volume of Intermission, we'd like to thank the people who masked our incom
petence: the writers, Mark Boucher, Duran Alvarez, Eric and Kirn and most of all that
eternally bright source of German healing light, Sandy Schmidt. Finally, we'd like to
give a final fuck you to the following folks: George Lucas, creed, Rolling Stone Mag
azine, the Oscars, the Grarnmys, Kenny G, VHi Divas, all those cats who said we couldn't
make it in this business called hip hop and every writer who consistently turned'in
their stories late.
■ -Kareern and Anthony
All right, kiddums, this is it: the big good-bye. we all knew that this moment would
corne eventually, so try not to shed too many tears. As the sun sets on another glo
rious volume of Intermission, we'd like to thank the people who masked our incom
petence: the writers, Mark Boucher, Duran Alvarez, Eric and Kirn and most of all that
eternally bright source of German healing light, Sandy Schmidt. Finally, we'd like to
give a final fuck you to the following folks: George Lucas, creed, Rolling Stone Mag
azine, the Oscars, the Grarnmys, Kenny G, VHi Divas, all those cats who said we couldn't
make it in this business called hip hop and every writer who consistently turned'in
their stories late.
■ -Kareern and Anthony
All right, kiddums, this is it: the big good-bye. we all knew that this moment would
corne eventually, so try not to shed too many tears. As the sun sets on another glo
rious volume of Intermission, we'd like to thank the people who masked our incom
petence: the writers, Mark Boucher, Duran Alvarez, Eric and Kirn and most of all that
eternally bright source of German healing light, Sandy Schmidt. Finally, we'd like to
give a final fuck you to the following folks: George Lucas, creed, Rolling Stone Mag
azine, the Oscars, the Grarnmys, Kenny G, VHi Divas, all those cats who said we couldn't
make it in this business called hip hop and every writer who consistently turned'in
their stories late.
■ -Kareern and Anthony
All right, kiddums, this is it: the big good-bye. we all knew that this moment would
corne eventually, so try not to shed too many tears. As the sun sets on another glo
rious volume of Intermission, we'd like to thank the people who masked our incom
petence: the writers, Mark Boucher, Duran Alvarez, Eric and Kirn and most of all that
eternally bright source of German healing light, Sandy Schmidt. Finally, we'd like to
give a final fuck you to the following folks: George Lucas, creed, Rolling Stone Mag
azine, the Oscars, the Grarnmys, Kenny G, VHi Divas, all those cats who said we couldn't
make it in this business called hip hop and every writer who consistently turned'in
their stories late.
■ -Kareern and Anthony
