# Untitled Article
## 
### 
THE ULTIMATE CHAMPS
The Stanford women's tennis team
ished another incredible season this
week after capturing another title
SPORTS/8


THE ULTIMATE CHAMPS
The Stanford women's tennis team
ished another incredible season this
week after capturing another title
SPORTS/8


THE ULTIMATE CHAMPS
The Stanford women's tennis team
ished another incredible season this
week after capturing another title
SPORTS/8


THE ULTIMATE CHAMPS
The Stanford women's tennis team
ished another incredible season this
week after capturing another title
SPORTS/8


THE ULTIMATE CHAMPS
The Stanford women's tennis team
ished another incredible season this
week after capturing another title
SPORTS/8


THE ULTIMATE CHAMPS
The Stanford women's tennis team
ished another incredible season this
week after capturing another title
SPORTS/8


THE ULTIMATE CHAMPS
The Stanford women's tennis team
ished another incredible season this
week after capturing another title
SPORTS/8


