# Untitled Article
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, Oct. Oct. 6.(AP) The Hol
lywood stars won the second-half race
and the right to meet the Missions in
the play-off for the Coast League title.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. Oct. 6.(AP) The Hol
lywood stars won the second-half race
and the right to meet the Missions in
the play-off for the Coast League title.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. Oct. 6.(AP) The Hol
lywood stars won the second-half race
and the right to meet the Missions in
the play-off for the Coast League title.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. Oct. 6.(AP) The Hol
lywood stars won the second-half race
and the right to meet the Missions in
the play-off for the Coast League title.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. Oct. 6.(AP) The Hol
lywood stars won the second-half race
and the right to meet the Missions in
the play-off for the Coast League title.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. Oct. 6.(AP) The Hol
lywood stars won the second-half race
and the right to meet the Missions in
the play-off for the Coast League title.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. Oct. 6.(AP) The Hol
lywood stars won the second-half race
and the right to meet the Missions in
the play-off for the Coast League title.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. Oct. 6.(AP) The Hol
lywood stars won the second-half race
and the right to meet the Missions in
the play-off for the Coast League title.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. Oct. 6.(AP) The Hol
lywood stars won the second-half race
and the right to meet the Missions in
the play-off for the Coast League title.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. Oct. 6.(AP) The Hol
lywood stars won the second-half race
and the right to meet the Missions in
the play-off for the Coast League title.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. Oct. 6.(AP) The Hol
lywood stars won the second-half race
and the right to meet the Missions in
the play-off for the Coast League title.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. Oct. 6.(AP) The Hol
lywood stars won the second-half race
and the right to meet the Missions in
the play-off for the Coast League title.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. Oct. 6.(AP) The Hol
lywood stars won the second-half race
and the right to meet the Missions in
the play-off for the Coast League title.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. Oct. 6.(AP) The Hol
lywood stars won the second-half race
and the right to meet the Missions in
the play-off for the Coast League title.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. Oct. 6.(AP) The Hol
lywood stars won the second-half race
and the right to meet the Missions in
the play-off for the Coast League title.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. Oct. 6.(AP) The Hol
lywood stars won the second-half race
and the right to meet the Missions in
the play-off for the Coast League title.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. Oct. 6.(AP) The Hol
lywood stars won the second-half race
and the right to meet the Missions in
the play-off for the Coast League title.
