# BRITAIN'S PEACE ENVOY
## 
### 

Prime Minister Ramsay Mac Donald,
who arrived in America this week-end
to confer with President Hoover on
naval problems and world peace.

Prime Minister Ramsay Mac Donald,
who arrived in America this week-end
to confer with President Hoover on
naval problems and world peace.

Prime Minister Ramsay Mac Donald,
who arrived in America this week-end
to confer with President Hoover on
naval problems and world peace.

Prime Minister Ramsay Mac Donald,
who arrived in America this week-end
to confer with President Hoover on
naval problems and world peace.

Prime Minister Ramsay Mac Donald,
who arrived in America this week-end
to confer with President Hoover on
naval problems and world peace.

Prime Minister Ramsay Mac Donald,
who arrived in America this week-end
to confer with President Hoover on
naval problems and world peace.

Prime Minister Ramsay Mac Donald,
who arrived in America this week-end
to confer with President Hoover on
naval problems and world peace.

Prime Minister Ramsay Mac Donald,
who arrived in America this week-end
to confer with President Hoover on
naval problems and world peace.

Prime Minister Ramsay Mac Donald,
who arrived in America this week-end
to confer with President Hoover on
naval problems and world peace.

Prime Minister Ramsay Mac Donald,
who arrived in America this week-end
to confer with President Hoover on
naval problems and world peace.

Prime Minister Ramsay Mac Donald,
who arrived in America this week-end
to confer with President Hoover on
naval problems and world peace.

Prime Minister Ramsay Mac Donald,
who arrived in America this week-end
to confer with President Hoover on
naval problems and world peace.

Prime Minister Ramsay Mac Donald,
who arrived in America this week-end
to confer with President Hoover on
naval problems and world peace.

Prime Minister Ramsay Mac Donald,
who arrived in America this week-end
to confer with President Hoover on
naval problems and world peace.

Prime Minister Ramsay Mac Donald,
who arrived in America this week-end
to confer with President Hoover on
naval problems and world peace.

Prime Minister Ramsay Mac Donald,
who arrived in America this week-end
to confer with President Hoover on
naval problems and world peace.

Prime Minister Ramsay Mac Donald,
who arrived in America this week-end
to confer with President Hoover on
naval problems and world peace.
