# "S" GROUP ELECTS
## 
### 
Women's "S" Society, women's
honorary athletic society, announces
the election of Edith Badger and
Ruth Roseberry.
Women's "S" Society, women's
honorary athletic society, announces
the election of Edith Badger and
Ruth Roseberry.
Women's "S" Society, women's
honorary athletic society, announces
the election of Edith Badger and
Ruth Roseberry.
Women's "S" Society, women's
honorary athletic society, announces
the election of Edith Badger and
Ruth Roseberry.
Women's "S" Society, women's
honorary athletic society, announces
the election of Edith Badger and
Ruth Roseberry.
Women's "S" Society, women's
honorary athletic society, announces
the election of Edith Badger and
Ruth Roseberry.
Women's "S" Society, women's
honorary athletic society, announces
the election of Edith Badger and
Ruth Roseberry.
Women's "S" Society, women's
honorary athletic society, announces
the election of Edith Badger and
Ruth Roseberry.
Women's "S" Society, women's
honorary athletic society, announces
the election of Edith Badger and
Ruth Roseberry.
Women's "S" Society, women's
honorary athletic society, announces
the election of Edith Badger and
Ruth Roseberry.
Women's "S" Society, women's
honorary athletic society, announces
the election of Edith Badger and
Ruth Roseberry.
Women's "S" Society, women's
honorary athletic society, announces
the election of Edith Badger and
Ruth Roseberry.
Women's "S" Society, women's
honorary athletic society, announces
the election of Edith Badger and
Ruth Roseberry.
Women's "S" Society, women's
honorary athletic society, announces
the election of Edith Badger and
Ruth Roseberry.
Women's "S" Society, women's
honorary athletic society, announces
the election of Edith Badger and
Ruth Roseberry.
