# PATRIOTISM WILL BE SUBJECT OF SERMON
## 
### 
"Pauline Patriotism Up to Date" is
the subject which tiie Reverend Ed
gar A. Lowther, Minister of the
First Methodist Episcopal Church
in Oakland, has chosen for his ser
mon in the Memorial Church on
Sunday morning.
The organ prelude will be "Canta
bile" by Cesar Franck, and the an
thems will be "Adoramus To" by
Palestrina and "Praise Ye the Lord
of Hosts" by St. Saens.
"Pauline Patriotism Up to Date" is
the subject which tiie Reverend Ed
gar A. Lowther, Minister of the
First Methodist Episcopal Church
in Oakland, has chosen for his ser
mon in the Memorial Church on
Sunday morning.
The organ prelude will be "Canta
bile" by Cesar Franck, and the an
thems will be "Adoramus To" by
Palestrina and "Praise Ye the Lord
of Hosts" by St. Saens.
"Pauline Patriotism Up to Date" is
the subject which tiie Reverend Ed
gar A. Lowther, Minister of the
First Methodist Episcopal Church
in Oakland, has chosen for his ser
mon in the Memorial Church on
Sunday morning.
The organ prelude will be "Canta
bile" by Cesar Franck, and the an
thems will be "Adoramus To" by
Palestrina and "Praise Ye the Lord
of Hosts" by St. Saens.
"Pauline Patriotism Up to Date" is
the subject which tiie Reverend Ed
gar A. Lowther, Minister of the
First Methodist Episcopal Church
in Oakland, has chosen for his ser
mon in the Memorial Church on
Sunday morning.
The organ prelude will be "Canta
bile" by Cesar Franck, and the an
thems will be "Adoramus To" by
Palestrina and "Praise Ye the Lord
of Hosts" by St. Saens.
"Pauline Patriotism Up to Date" is
the subject which tiie Reverend Ed
gar A. Lowther, Minister of the
First Methodist Episcopal Church
in Oakland, has chosen for his ser
mon in the Memorial Church on
Sunday morning.
The organ prelude will be "Canta
bile" by Cesar Franck, and the an
thems will be "Adoramus To" by
Palestrina and "Praise Ye the Lord
of Hosts" by St. Saens.
"Pauline Patriotism Up to Date" is
the subject which tiie Reverend Ed
gar A. Lowther, Minister of the
First Methodist Episcopal Church
in Oakland, has chosen for his ser
mon in the Memorial Church on
Sunday morning.
The organ prelude will be "Canta
bile" by Cesar Franck, and the an
thems will be "Adoramus To" by
Palestrina and "Praise Ye the Lord
of Hosts" by St. Saens.
"Pauline Patriotism Up to Date" is
the subject which tiie Reverend Ed
gar A. Lowther, Minister of the
First Methodist Episcopal Church
in Oakland, has chosen for his ser
mon in the Memorial Church on
Sunday morning.
The organ prelude will be "Canta
bile" by Cesar Franck, and the an
thems will be "Adoramus To" by
Palestrina and "Praise Ye the Lord
of Hosts" by St. Saens.
"Pauline Patriotism Up to Date" is
the subject which tiie Reverend Ed
gar A. Lowther, Minister of the
First Methodist Episcopal Church
in Oakland, has chosen for his ser
mon in the Memorial Church on
Sunday morning.
The organ prelude will be "Canta
bile" by Cesar Franck, and the an
thems will be "Adoramus To" by
Palestrina and "Praise Ye the Lord
of Hosts" by St. Saens.
"Pauline Patriotism Up to Date" is
the subject which tiie Reverend Ed
gar A. Lowther, Minister of the
First Methodist Episcopal Church
in Oakland, has chosen for his ser
mon in the Memorial Church on
Sunday morning.
The organ prelude will be "Canta
bile" by Cesar Franck, and the an
thems will be "Adoramus To" by
Palestrina and "Praise Ye the Lord
of Hosts" by St. Saens.
"Pauline Patriotism Up to Date" is
the subject which tiie Reverend Ed
gar A. Lowther, Minister of the
First Methodist Episcopal Church
in Oakland, has chosen for his ser
mon in the Memorial Church on
Sunday morning.
The organ prelude will be "Canta
bile" by Cesar Franck, and the an
thems will be "Adoramus To" by
Palestrina and "Praise Ye the Lord
of Hosts" by St. Saens.
"Pauline Patriotism Up to Date" is
the subject which tiie Reverend Ed
gar A. Lowther, Minister of the
First Methodist Episcopal Church
in Oakland, has chosen for his ser
mon in the Memorial Church on
Sunday morning.
The organ prelude will be "Canta
bile" by Cesar Franck, and the an
thems will be "Adoramus To" by
Palestrina and "Praise Ye the Lord
of Hosts" by St. Saens.
"Pauline Patriotism Up to Date" is
the subject which tiie Reverend Ed
gar A. Lowther, Minister of the
First Methodist Episcopal Church
in Oakland, has chosen for his ser
mon in the Memorial Church on
Sunday morning.
The organ prelude will be "Canta
bile" by Cesar Franck, and the an
thems will be "Adoramus To" by
Palestrina and "Praise Ye the Lord
of Hosts" by St. Saens.
"Pauline Patriotism Up to Date" is
the subject which tiie Reverend Ed
gar A. Lowther, Minister of the
First Methodist Episcopal Church
in Oakland, has chosen for his ser
mon in the Memorial Church on
Sunday morning.
The organ prelude will be "Canta
bile" by Cesar Franck, and the an
thems will be "Adoramus To" by
Palestrina and "Praise Ye the Lord
of Hosts" by St. Saens.
"Pauline Patriotism Up to Date" is
the subject which tiie Reverend Ed
gar A. Lowther, Minister of the
First Methodist Episcopal Church
in Oakland, has chosen for his ser
mon in the Memorial Church on
Sunday morning.
The organ prelude will be "Canta
bile" by Cesar Franck, and the an
thems will be "Adoramus To" by
Palestrina and "Praise Ye the Lord
of Hosts" by St. Saens.
"Pauline Patriotism Up to Date" is
the subject which tiie Reverend Ed
gar A. Lowther, Minister of the
First Methodist Episcopal Church
in Oakland, has chosen for his ser
mon in the Memorial Church on
Sunday morning.
The organ prelude will be "Canta
bile" by Cesar Franck, and the an
thems will be "Adoramus To" by
Palestrina and "Praise Ye the Lord
of Hosts" by St. Saens.
