# ANNOUNCEMENTS.
## 
### 
Saturday
La Liana—Go9 Hale, corner Univer
sity, 3:00.
Freshmen—Work on bonfire frame,
7a. m. Bring hammers or saws.
Education 19—Will not meet Satur
day, Oct. 23. L. M. THOMAS.
Monday
Resident Alumnae—Women's Club
house, 4:30 p. m.
Saturday
La Liana—Go9 Hale, corner Univer
sity, 3:00.
Freshmen—Work on bonfire frame,
7a. m. Bring hammers or saws.
Education 19—Will not meet Satur
day, Oct. 23. L. M. THOMAS.
Monday
Resident Alumnae—Women's Club
house, 4:30 p. m.
Saturday
La Liana—Go9 Hale, corner Univer
sity, 3:00.
Freshmen—Work on bonfire frame,
7a. m. Bring hammers or saws.
Education 19—Will not meet Satur
day, Oct. 23. L. M. THOMAS.
Monday
Resident Alumnae—Women's Club
house, 4:30 p. m.
Saturday
La Liana—Go9 Hale, corner Univer
sity, 3:00.
Freshmen—Work on bonfire frame,
7a. m. Bring hammers or saws.
Education 19—Will not meet Satur
day, Oct. 23. L. M. THOMAS.
Monday
Resident Alumnae—Women's Club
house, 4:30 p. m.
Saturday
La Liana—Go9 Hale, corner Univer
sity, 3:00.
Freshmen—Work on bonfire frame,
7a. m. Bring hammers or saws.
Education 19—Will not meet Satur
day, Oct. 23. L. M. THOMAS.
Monday
Resident Alumnae—Women's Club
house, 4:30 p. m.
Saturday
La Liana—Go9 Hale, corner Univer
sity, 3:00.
Freshmen—Work on bonfire frame,
7a. m. Bring hammers or saws.
Education 19—Will not meet Satur
day, Oct. 23. L. M. THOMAS.
Monday
Resident Alumnae—Women's Club
house, 4:30 p. m.
Saturday
La Liana—Go9 Hale, corner Univer
sity, 3:00.
Freshmen—Work on bonfire frame,
7a. m. Bring hammers or saws.
Education 19—Will not meet Satur
day, Oct. 23. L. M. THOMAS.
Monday
Resident Alumnae—Women's Club
house, 4:30 p. m.
Saturday
La Liana—Go9 Hale, corner Univer
sity, 3:00.
Freshmen—Work on bonfire frame,
7a. m. Bring hammers or saws.
Education 19—Will not meet Satur
day, Oct. 23. L. M. THOMAS.
Monday
Resident Alumnae—Women's Club
house, 4:30 p. m.
Saturday
La Liana—Go9 Hale, corner Univer
sity, 3:00.
Freshmen—Work on bonfire frame,
7a. m. Bring hammers or saws.
Education 19—Will not meet Satur
day, Oct. 23. L. M. THOMAS.
Monday
Resident Alumnae—Women's Club
house, 4:30 p. m.
Saturday
La Liana—Go9 Hale, corner Univer
sity, 3:00.
Freshmen—Work on bonfire frame,
7a. m. Bring hammers or saws.
Education 19—Will not meet Satur
day, Oct. 23. L. M. THOMAS.
Monday
Resident Alumnae—Women's Club
house, 4:30 p. m.
Saturday
La Liana—Go9 Hale, corner Univer
sity, 3:00.
Freshmen—Work on bonfire frame,
7a. m. Bring hammers or saws.
Education 19—Will not meet Satur
day, Oct. 23. L. M. THOMAS.
Monday
Resident Alumnae—Women's Club
house, 4:30 p. m.
Saturday
La Liana—Go9 Hale, corner Univer
sity, 3:00.
Freshmen—Work on bonfire frame,
7a. m. Bring hammers or saws.
Education 19—Will not meet Satur
day, Oct. 23. L. M. THOMAS.
Monday
Resident Alumnae—Women's Club
house, 4:30 p. m.
Saturday
La Liana—Go9 Hale, corner Univer
sity, 3:00.
Freshmen—Work on bonfire frame,
7a. m. Bring hammers or saws.
Education 19—Will not meet Satur
day, Oct. 23. L. M. THOMAS.
Monday
Resident Alumnae—Women's Club
house, 4:30 p. m.
