# TRIPLE BILL ON RUGBY CALENDAR FOR TOMORROW
## VARSITY VS. DAVIDSON SQUAD Freshman-Woodland Game at Exposition---Titans to Meet All-Blacks 
### 
A trio of rugby tangles of high class
calibre have been cast by Manager
Behrens for the morrows' entertain
ment of the Stanford enthusiasts
which are scheduled to commence at
2:30 o'clock and not be completed
until the dinner hour.
Cy Davidson's Palo Alto Athletic
Club will make its second appearance
of the week, when it lines up against
the varsity. According to their versa
tile manager, the clubmen will exhibit
a considerably bolstered line-up, fea
turing new satellites in the football
world.
On the other hand, Coach Brown in
selecting the varsity was forced to
keep three regulars on the side-lines
in the persons of Erb, claiming two
cracked ribs; Urban, harboring a
Charley horse, and Pettingill, com
plaining of an injured ankle. The
pack presents the identical formation
used in last Saturday's bout with the
Olympic club, Smitherum, Soper, and
Knight are booked for front rank,
while liloser and Rehm follow at mid
dle rank. Halsted again locks the for
wards together, with Wylie and Bra
den completing as breakaways.
Freshman Davis has been named to
fill Erb's shoes at half. Walker and
Long will hold down the five-eighths
berths. Center as usual is filled by
Captain Carroll. Templeton and Swi
gart occupy the opposite wing posi
tions. Fullback calls for Dink Tem
pleton.
Arrangements were completed this
afternoon to stage the freshman-
Woodland game on the Marina grounds
at the San Francisco exposition, the
winner to receive a handsome trophy.
The request was made by the fair au
thorities, since the originally sche
duled St. Mary's-Olympic club contest
was called off at a late moment on
account of the inability of the mission
eleven to play because of injuries.
As the Woodland ruggers were north
ern state champions last year, all
signs point to mighty close and in
teresting exhibition. With the excep
tion of Davis and Long missing from
the line-up, and the addition of Wark
to the backfield, the first year team
personnel remains unchanged.
The grand finale finds the All-Blacks
versus the Titan club on the bill
boards. The match should produce
some mighty close competition and
spectacular play for the benefit of
the onlookers according to past per
formances.
The line-ups follows:
Varsity—Smitherum, Soper, Knight
(Sample), front rank; Rehm, Bloeser
(Jacomini), middle rank; Halsted
(Rehm), lock; Wylie, Braden (Card,
Scott), breakaways; Davis, half;
Walker, Long, five-eighths; Carroll,
center; Templeton, Swigart, wings;
R. L. Templeton, fullback.
All-Blacks—Scovel, Kellogg, Single,
front rank; Fisher, Coleman (Cole
man), middle rank; Murray, lock;
Hayes, Chandler (Fisher, Oberg),
breakaways; Maltby, half; Wilcox,
Gladstone ((Jreve), five-eighths; E.
Bacon (Hammon), center; Wallace,
West (Winters), wings; Townsend,
(West) fullback.
Freshmen —Flugel, Savre, Bacon
(Meese), front rank; Swarts, Sum
merfield (Dean), middle rank; Zane
(Bowes), lock; Bonney, Boulware,
Janssen (Flood l, breakaways;
half; Katten, Pelouze (Boydston),
five-eighths; Wark, center; Stevens,
Morris (Smith), wings; Sheedy (Rog
ers), fullback.
