# Miriam Brasher Named as Sponsor
## 
### 
Addition of the name of Miriam
Brasher, '43, Lagunita, to the list
of lower division sponsors was an
nounced last night by Irma Jean
Hannibal, chairman of the sponsor
choosing committee.
With the list complete, the spon
sors for the year 1942-43 will meet
for the first time tomorrow, accord
ing to Mary Ann Walker, head
sponsor. It is expected that Dean
Mary Yost will address the group
briefly.
Addition of the name of Miriam
Brasher, '43, Lagunita, to the list
of lower division sponsors was an
nounced last night by Irma Jean
Hannibal, chairman of the sponsor
choosing committee.
With the list complete, the spon
sors for the year 1942-43 will meet
for the first time tomorrow, accord
ing to Mary Ann Walker, head
sponsor. It is expected that Dean
Mary Yost will address the group
briefly.
Addition of the name of Miriam
Brasher, '43, Lagunita, to the list
of lower division sponsors was an
nounced last night by Irma Jean
Hannibal, chairman of the sponsor
choosing committee.
With the list complete, the spon
sors for the year 1942-43 will meet
for the first time tomorrow, accord
ing to Mary Ann Walker, head
sponsor. It is expected that Dean
Mary Yost will address the group
briefly.
Addition of the name of Miriam
Brasher, '43, Lagunita, to the list
of lower division sponsors was an
nounced last night by Irma Jean
Hannibal, chairman of the sponsor
choosing committee.
With the list complete, the spon
sors for the year 1942-43 will meet
for the first time tomorrow, accord
ing to Mary Ann Walker, head
sponsor. It is expected that Dean
Mary Yost will address the group
briefly.
Addition of the name of Miriam
Brasher, '43, Lagunita, to the list
of lower division sponsors was an
nounced last night by Irma Jean
Hannibal, chairman of the sponsor
choosing committee.
With the list complete, the spon
sors for the year 1942-43 will meet
for the first time tomorrow, accord
ing to Mary Ann Walker, head
sponsor. It is expected that Dean
Mary Yost will address the group
briefly.
Addition of the name of Miriam
Brasher, '43, Lagunita, to the list
of lower division sponsors was an
nounced last night by Irma Jean
Hannibal, chairman of the sponsor
choosing committee.
With the list complete, the spon
sors for the year 1942-43 will meet
for the first time tomorrow, accord
ing to Mary Ann Walker, head
sponsor. It is expected that Dean
Mary Yost will address the group
briefly.
Addition of the name of Miriam
Brasher, '43, Lagunita, to the list
of lower division sponsors was an
nounced last night by Irma Jean
Hannibal, chairman of the sponsor
choosing committee.
With the list complete, the spon
sors for the year 1942-43 will meet
for the first time tomorrow, accord
ing to Mary Ann Walker, head
sponsor. It is expected that Dean
Mary Yost will address the group
briefly.
Addition of the name of Miriam
Brasher, '43, Lagunita, to the list
of lower division sponsors was an
nounced last night by Irma Jean
Hannibal, chairman of the sponsor
choosing committee.
With the list complete, the spon
sors for the year 1942-43 will meet
for the first time tomorrow, accord
ing to Mary Ann Walker, head
sponsor. It is expected that Dean
Mary Yost will address the group
briefly.
Addition of the name of Miriam
Brasher, '43, Lagunita, to the list
of lower division sponsors was an
nounced last night by Irma Jean
Hannibal, chairman of the sponsor
choosing committee.
With the list complete, the spon
sors for the year 1942-43 will meet
for the first time tomorrow, accord
ing to Mary Ann Walker, head
sponsor. It is expected that Dean
Mary Yost will address the group
briefly.
Addition of the name of Miriam
Brasher, '43, Lagunita, to the list
of lower division sponsors was an
nounced last night by Irma Jean
Hannibal, chairman of the sponsor
choosing committee.
With the list complete, the spon
sors for the year 1942-43 will meet
for the first time tomorrow, accord
ing to Mary Ann Walker, head
sponsor. It is expected that Dean
Mary Yost will address the group
briefly.
Addition of the name of Miriam
Brasher, '43, Lagunita, to the list
of lower division sponsors was an
nounced last night by Irma Jean
Hannibal, chairman of the sponsor
choosing committee.
With the list complete, the spon
sors for the year 1942-43 will meet
for the first time tomorrow, accord
ing to Mary Ann Walker, head
sponsor. It is expected that Dean
Mary Yost will address the group
briefly.
Addition of the name of Miriam
Brasher, '43, Lagunita, to the list
of lower division sponsors was an
nounced last night by Irma Jean
Hannibal, chairman of the sponsor
choosing committee.
With the list complete, the spon
sors for the year 1942-43 will meet
for the first time tomorrow, accord
ing to Mary Ann Walker, head
sponsor. It is expected that Dean
Mary Yost will address the group
briefly.
Addition of the name of Miriam
Brasher, '43, Lagunita, to the list
of lower division sponsors was an
nounced last night by Irma Jean
Hannibal, chairman of the sponsor
choosing committee.
With the list complete, the spon
sors for the year 1942-43 will meet
for the first time tomorrow, accord
ing to Mary Ann Walker, head
sponsor. It is expected that Dean
Mary Yost will address the group
briefly.
Addition of the name of Miriam
Brasher, '43, Lagunita, to the list
of lower division sponsors was an
nounced last night by Irma Jean
Hannibal, chairman of the sponsor
choosing committee.
With the list complete, the spon
sors for the year 1942-43 will meet
for the first time tomorrow, accord
ing to Mary Ann Walker, head
sponsor. It is expected that Dean
Mary Yost will address the group
briefly.
Addition of the name of Miriam
Brasher, '43, Lagunita, to the list
of lower division sponsors was an
nounced last night by Irma Jean
Hannibal, chairman of the sponsor
choosing committee.
With the list complete, the spon
sors for the year 1942-43 will meet
for the first time tomorrow, accord
ing to Mary Ann Walker, head
sponsor. It is expected that Dean
Mary Yost will address the group
briefly.
Addition of the name of Miriam
Brasher, '43, Lagunita, to the list
of lower division sponsors was an
nounced last night by Irma Jean
Hannibal, chairman of the sponsor
choosing committee.
With the list complete, the spon
sors for the year 1942-43 will meet
for the first time tomorrow, accord
ing to Mary Ann Walker, head
sponsor. It is expected that Dean
Mary Yost will address the group
briefly.
Addition of the name of Miriam
Brasher, '43, Lagunita, to the list
of lower division sponsors was an
nounced last night by Irma Jean
Hannibal, chairman of the sponsor
choosing committee.
With the list complete, the spon
sors for the year 1942-43 will meet
for the first time tomorrow, accord
ing to Mary Ann Walker, head
sponsor. It is expected that Dean
Mary Yost will address the group
briefly.
Addition of the name of Miriam
Brasher, '43, Lagunita, to the list
of lower division sponsors was an
nounced last night by Irma Jean
Hannibal, chairman of the sponsor
choosing committee.
With the list complete, the spon
sors for the year 1942-43 will meet
for the first time tomorrow, accord
ing to Mary Ann Walker, head
sponsor. It is expected that Dean
Mary Yost will address the group
briefly.
