# Group to Discuss Food in Wartime
## 
### 
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
dining halls, will be the principal
speaker today at a meeting to dis
cuss food conservation in war-time.
It will be held at 3 p.m. in the Y
rooms in the Women's Clubhouse.
After Miss Rickcr's talk on meth
ods of getting a maximum amount
of nourishment with a minimum of
expense and waste, there will be a
discussion period when recipes and
suggestions will be exchanged.
"Since the best use of food is a
vital matter to all of us now, this
meeting should be of interest and
importance to everyone," Dodic
Crile, co-chairman, declared in in
viting everyone to attend. The
meeting is being sponsored by the
Consumer Committee through the
Y.W.C.A.
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
dining halls, will be the principal
speaker today at a meeting to dis
cuss food conservation in war-time.
It will be held at 3 p.m. in the Y
rooms in the Women's Clubhouse.
After Miss Rickcr's talk on meth
ods of getting a maximum amount
of nourishment with a minimum of
expense and waste, there will be a
discussion period when recipes and
suggestions will be exchanged.
"Since the best use of food is a
vital matter to all of us now, this
meeting should be of interest and
importance to everyone," Dodic
Crile, co-chairman, declared in in
viting everyone to attend. The
meeting is being sponsored by the
Consumer Committee through the
Y.W.C.A.
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
dining halls, will be the principal
speaker today at a meeting to dis
cuss food conservation in war-time.
It will be held at 3 p.m. in the Y
rooms in the Women's Clubhouse.
After Miss Rickcr's talk on meth
ods of getting a maximum amount
of nourishment with a minimum of
expense and waste, there will be a
discussion period when recipes and
suggestions will be exchanged.
"Since the best use of food is a
vital matter to all of us now, this
meeting should be of interest and
importance to everyone," Dodic
Crile, co-chairman, declared in in
viting everyone to attend. The
meeting is being sponsored by the
Consumer Committee through the
Y.W.C.A.
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
dining halls, will be the principal
speaker today at a meeting to dis
cuss food conservation in war-time.
It will be held at 3 p.m. in the Y
rooms in the Women's Clubhouse.
After Miss Rickcr's talk on meth
ods of getting a maximum amount
of nourishment with a minimum of
expense and waste, there will be a
discussion period when recipes and
suggestions will be exchanged.
"Since the best use of food is a
vital matter to all of us now, this
meeting should be of interest and
importance to everyone," Dodic
Crile, co-chairman, declared in in
viting everyone to attend. The
meeting is being sponsored by the
Consumer Committee through the
Y.W.C.A.
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
dining halls, will be the principal
speaker today at a meeting to dis
cuss food conservation in war-time.
It will be held at 3 p.m. in the Y
rooms in the Women's Clubhouse.
After Miss Rickcr's talk on meth
ods of getting a maximum amount
of nourishment with a minimum of
expense and waste, there will be a
discussion period when recipes and
suggestions will be exchanged.
"Since the best use of food is a
vital matter to all of us now, this
meeting should be of interest and
importance to everyone," Dodic
Crile, co-chairman, declared in in
viting everyone to attend. The
meeting is being sponsored by the
Consumer Committee through the
Y.W.C.A.
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
dining halls, will be the principal
speaker today at a meeting to dis
cuss food conservation in war-time.
It will be held at 3 p.m. in the Y
rooms in the Women's Clubhouse.
After Miss Rickcr's talk on meth
ods of getting a maximum amount
of nourishment with a minimum of
expense and waste, there will be a
discussion period when recipes and
suggestions will be exchanged.
"Since the best use of food is a
vital matter to all of us now, this
meeting should be of interest and
importance to everyone," Dodic
Crile, co-chairman, declared in in
viting everyone to attend. The
meeting is being sponsored by the
Consumer Committee through the
Y.W.C.A.
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
dining halls, will be the principal
speaker today at a meeting to dis
cuss food conservation in war-time.
It will be held at 3 p.m. in the Y
rooms in the Women's Clubhouse.
After Miss Rickcr's talk on meth
ods of getting a maximum amount
of nourishment with a minimum of
expense and waste, there will be a
discussion period when recipes and
suggestions will be exchanged.
"Since the best use of food is a
vital matter to all of us now, this
meeting should be of interest and
importance to everyone," Dodic
Crile, co-chairman, declared in in
viting everyone to attend. The
meeting is being sponsored by the
Consumer Committee through the
Y.W.C.A.
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
dining halls, will be the principal
speaker today at a meeting to dis
cuss food conservation in war-time.
It will be held at 3 p.m. in the Y
rooms in the Women's Clubhouse.
After Miss Rickcr's talk on meth
ods of getting a maximum amount
of nourishment with a minimum of
expense and waste, there will be a
discussion period when recipes and
suggestions will be exchanged.
"Since the best use of food is a
vital matter to all of us now, this
meeting should be of interest and
importance to everyone," Dodic
Crile, co-chairman, declared in in
viting everyone to attend. The
meeting is being sponsored by the
Consumer Committee through the
Y.W.C.A.
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
dining halls, will be the principal
speaker today at a meeting to dis
cuss food conservation in war-time.
It will be held at 3 p.m. in the Y
rooms in the Women's Clubhouse.
After Miss Rickcr's talk on meth
ods of getting a maximum amount
of nourishment with a minimum of
expense and waste, there will be a
discussion period when recipes and
suggestions will be exchanged.
"Since the best use of food is a
vital matter to all of us now, this
meeting should be of interest and
importance to everyone," Dodic
Crile, co-chairman, declared in in
viting everyone to attend. The
meeting is being sponsored by the
Consumer Committee through the
Y.W.C.A.
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
dining halls, will be the principal
speaker today at a meeting to dis
cuss food conservation in war-time.
It will be held at 3 p.m. in the Y
rooms in the Women's Clubhouse.
After Miss Rickcr's talk on meth
ods of getting a maximum amount
of nourishment with a minimum of
expense and waste, there will be a
discussion period when recipes and
suggestions will be exchanged.
"Since the best use of food is a
vital matter to all of us now, this
meeting should be of interest and
importance to everyone," Dodic
Crile, co-chairman, declared in in
viting everyone to attend. The
meeting is being sponsored by the
Consumer Committee through the
Y.W.C.A.
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
dining halls, will be the principal
speaker today at a meeting to dis
cuss food conservation in war-time.
It will be held at 3 p.m. in the Y
rooms in the Women's Clubhouse.
After Miss Rickcr's talk on meth
ods of getting a maximum amount
of nourishment with a minimum of
expense and waste, there will be a
discussion period when recipes and
suggestions will be exchanged.
"Since the best use of food is a
vital matter to all of us now, this
meeting should be of interest and
importance to everyone," Dodic
Crile, co-chairman, declared in in
viting everyone to attend. The
meeting is being sponsored by the
Consumer Committee through the
Y.W.C.A.
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
dining halls, will be the principal
speaker today at a meeting to dis
cuss food conservation in war-time.
It will be held at 3 p.m. in the Y
rooms in the Women's Clubhouse.
After Miss Rickcr's talk on meth
ods of getting a maximum amount
of nourishment with a minimum of
expense and waste, there will be a
discussion period when recipes and
suggestions will be exchanged.
"Since the best use of food is a
vital matter to all of us now, this
meeting should be of interest and
importance to everyone," Dodic
Crile, co-chairman, declared in in
viting everyone to attend. The
meeting is being sponsored by the
Consumer Committee through the
Y.W.C.A.
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
dining halls, will be the principal
speaker today at a meeting to dis
cuss food conservation in war-time.
It will be held at 3 p.m. in the Y
rooms in the Women's Clubhouse.
After Miss Rickcr's talk on meth
ods of getting a maximum amount
of nourishment with a minimum of
expense and waste, there will be a
discussion period when recipes and
suggestions will be exchanged.
"Since the best use of food is a
vital matter to all of us now, this
meeting should be of interest and
importance to everyone," Dodic
Crile, co-chairman, declared in in
viting everyone to attend. The
meeting is being sponsored by the
Consumer Committee through the
Y.W.C.A.
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
dining halls, will be the principal
speaker today at a meeting to dis
cuss food conservation in war-time.
It will be held at 3 p.m. in the Y
rooms in the Women's Clubhouse.
After Miss Rickcr's talk on meth
ods of getting a maximum amount
of nourishment with a minimum of
expense and waste, there will be a
discussion period when recipes and
suggestions will be exchanged.
"Since the best use of food is a
vital matter to all of us now, this
meeting should be of interest and
importance to everyone," Dodic
Crile, co-chairman, declared in in
viting everyone to attend. The
meeting is being sponsored by the
Consumer Committee through the
Y.W.C.A.
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
dining halls, will be the principal
speaker today at a meeting to dis
cuss food conservation in war-time.
It will be held at 3 p.m. in the Y
rooms in the Women's Clubhouse.
After Miss Rickcr's talk on meth
ods of getting a maximum amount
of nourishment with a minimum of
expense and waste, there will be a
discussion period when recipes and
suggestions will be exchanged.
"Since the best use of food is a
vital matter to all of us now, this
meeting should be of interest and
importance to everyone," Dodic
Crile, co-chairman, declared in in
viting everyone to attend. The
meeting is being sponsored by the
Consumer Committee through the
Y.W.C.A.
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
dining halls, will be the principal
speaker today at a meeting to dis
cuss food conservation in war-time.
It will be held at 3 p.m. in the Y
rooms in the Women's Clubhouse.
After Miss Rickcr's talk on meth
ods of getting a maximum amount
of nourishment with a minimum of
expense and waste, there will be a
discussion period when recipes and
suggestions will be exchanged.
"Since the best use of food is a
vital matter to all of us now, this
meeting should be of interest and
importance to everyone," Dodic
Crile, co-chairman, declared in in
viting everyone to attend. The
meeting is being sponsored by the
Consumer Committee through the
Y.W.C.A.
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
dining halls, will be the principal
speaker today at a meeting to dis
cuss food conservation in war-time.
It will be held at 3 p.m. in the Y
rooms in the Women's Clubhouse.
After Miss Rickcr's talk on meth
ods of getting a maximum amount
of nourishment with a minimum of
expense and waste, there will be a
discussion period when recipes and
suggestions will be exchanged.
"Since the best use of food is a
vital matter to all of us now, this
meeting should be of interest and
importance to everyone," Dodic
Crile, co-chairman, declared in in
viting everyone to attend. The
meeting is being sponsored by the
Consumer Committee through the
Y.W.C.A.
Miss Christine Ricker, director of
dining halls, will be the principal
speaker today at a meeting to dis
cuss food conservation in war-time.
It will be held at 3 p.m. in the Y
rooms in the Women's Clubhouse.
After Miss Rickcr's talk on meth
ods of getting a maximum amount
of nourishment with a minimum of
expense and waste, there will be a
discussion period when recipes and
suggestions will be exchanged.
"Since the best use of food is a
vital matter to all of us now, this
meeting should be of interest and
importance to everyone," Dodic
Crile, co-chairman, declared in in
viting everyone to attend. The
meeting is being sponsored by the
Consumer Committee through the
Y.W.C.A.
