# NEW TRAFFIC HAZARD IN S.F.
## 
### 

SAN FRANCISCO'S hustling Market Street traffic ran across a new
hazard when these two elephants from a circus pulled a sitdown
strike in the center of the streetcar tracks.

SAN FRANCISCO'S hustling Market Street traffic ran across a new
hazard when these two elephants from a circus pulled a sitdown
strike in the center of the streetcar tracks.

SAN FRANCISCO'S hustling Market Street traffic ran across a new
hazard when these two elephants from a circus pulled a sitdown
strike in the center of the streetcar tracks.

SAN FRANCISCO'S hustling Market Street traffic ran across a new
hazard when these two elephants from a circus pulled a sitdown
strike in the center of the streetcar tracks.

SAN FRANCISCO'S hustling Market Street traffic ran across a new
hazard when these two elephants from a circus pulled a sitdown
strike in the center of the streetcar tracks.

SAN FRANCISCO'S hustling Market Street traffic ran across a new
hazard when these two elephants from a circus pulled a sitdown
strike in the center of the streetcar tracks.

SAN FRANCISCO'S hustling Market Street traffic ran across a new
hazard when these two elephants from a circus pulled a sitdown
strike in the center of the streetcar tracks.

SAN FRANCISCO'S hustling Market Street traffic ran across a new
hazard when these two elephants from a circus pulled a sitdown
strike in the center of the streetcar tracks.

SAN FRANCISCO'S hustling Market Street traffic ran across a new
hazard when these two elephants from a circus pulled a sitdown
strike in the center of the streetcar tracks.

SAN FRANCISCO'S hustling Market Street traffic ran across a new
hazard when these two elephants from a circus pulled a sitdown
strike in the center of the streetcar tracks.

SAN FRANCISCO'S hustling Market Street traffic ran across a new
hazard when these two elephants from a circus pulled a sitdown
strike in the center of the streetcar tracks.

SAN FRANCISCO'S hustling Market Street traffic ran across a new
hazard when these two elephants from a circus pulled a sitdown
strike in the center of the streetcar tracks.

SAN FRANCISCO'S hustling Market Street traffic ran across a new
hazard when these two elephants from a circus pulled a sitdown
strike in the center of the streetcar tracks.

SAN FRANCISCO'S hustling Market Street traffic ran across a new
hazard when these two elephants from a circus pulled a sitdown
strike in the center of the streetcar tracks.

SAN FRANCISCO'S hustling Market Street traffic ran across a new
hazard when these two elephants from a circus pulled a sitdown
strike in the center of the streetcar tracks.

SAN FRANCISCO'S hustling Market Street traffic ran across a new
hazard when these two elephants from a circus pulled a sitdown
strike in the center of the streetcar tracks.

SAN FRANCISCO'S hustling Market Street traffic ran across a new
hazard when these two elephants from a circus pulled a sitdown
strike in the center of the streetcar tracks.

SAN FRANCISCO'S hustling Market Street traffic ran across a new
hazard when these two elephants from a circus pulled a sitdown
strike in the center of the streetcar tracks.
