# CONSCIENTIOUS OBJECTOR
## 
### 
SALEM. Ore., May 10 (UP).—Wil
lamette University student leaders,
in a movement seeking investigation
of the position of Dr. Carl Sumner
Knopf, president of the school, as a
conscientious objector, were assured
of immediate action by two trustees
of the university in return of sup
pression of "nuisance" petitions, it
was disclosed tonight.
SALEM. Ore., May 10 (UP).—Wil
lamette University student leaders,
in a movement seeking investigation
of the position of Dr. Carl Sumner
Knopf, president of the school, as a
conscientious objector, were assured
of immediate action by two trustees
of the university in return of sup
pression of "nuisance" petitions, it
was disclosed tonight.
SALEM. Ore., May 10 (UP).—Wil
lamette University student leaders,
in a movement seeking investigation
of the position of Dr. Carl Sumner
Knopf, president of the school, as a
conscientious objector, were assured
of immediate action by two trustees
of the university in return of sup
pression of "nuisance" petitions, it
was disclosed tonight.
SALEM. Ore., May 10 (UP).—Wil
lamette University student leaders,
in a movement seeking investigation
of the position of Dr. Carl Sumner
Knopf, president of the school, as a
conscientious objector, were assured
of immediate action by two trustees
of the university in return of sup
pression of "nuisance" petitions, it
was disclosed tonight.
SALEM. Ore., May 10 (UP).—Wil
lamette University student leaders,
in a movement seeking investigation
of the position of Dr. Carl Sumner
Knopf, president of the school, as a
conscientious objector, were assured
of immediate action by two trustees
of the university in return of sup
pression of "nuisance" petitions, it
was disclosed tonight.
SALEM. Ore., May 10 (UP).—Wil
lamette University student leaders,
in a movement seeking investigation
of the position of Dr. Carl Sumner
Knopf, president of the school, as a
conscientious objector, were assured
of immediate action by two trustees
of the university in return of sup
pression of "nuisance" petitions, it
was disclosed tonight.
SALEM. Ore., May 10 (UP).—Wil
lamette University student leaders,
in a movement seeking investigation
of the position of Dr. Carl Sumner
Knopf, president of the school, as a
conscientious objector, were assured
of immediate action by two trustees
of the university in return of sup
pression of "nuisance" petitions, it
was disclosed tonight.
SALEM. Ore., May 10 (UP).—Wil
lamette University student leaders,
in a movement seeking investigation
of the position of Dr. Carl Sumner
Knopf, president of the school, as a
conscientious objector, were assured
of immediate action by two trustees
of the university in return of sup
pression of "nuisance" petitions, it
was disclosed tonight.
SALEM. Ore., May 10 (UP).—Wil
lamette University student leaders,
in a movement seeking investigation
of the position of Dr. Carl Sumner
Knopf, president of the school, as a
conscientious objector, were assured
of immediate action by two trustees
of the university in return of sup
pression of "nuisance" petitions, it
was disclosed tonight.
SALEM. Ore., May 10 (UP).—Wil
lamette University student leaders,
in a movement seeking investigation
of the position of Dr. Carl Sumner
Knopf, president of the school, as a
conscientious objector, were assured
of immediate action by two trustees
of the university in return of sup
pression of "nuisance" petitions, it
was disclosed tonight.
SALEM. Ore., May 10 (UP).—Wil
lamette University student leaders,
in a movement seeking investigation
of the position of Dr. Carl Sumner
Knopf, president of the school, as a
conscientious objector, were assured
of immediate action by two trustees
of the university in return of sup
pression of "nuisance" petitions, it
was disclosed tonight.
SALEM. Ore., May 10 (UP).—Wil
lamette University student leaders,
in a movement seeking investigation
of the position of Dr. Carl Sumner
Knopf, president of the school, as a
conscientious objector, were assured
of immediate action by two trustees
of the university in return of sup
pression of "nuisance" petitions, it
was disclosed tonight.
SALEM. Ore., May 10 (UP).—Wil
lamette University student leaders,
in a movement seeking investigation
of the position of Dr. Carl Sumner
Knopf, president of the school, as a
conscientious objector, were assured
of immediate action by two trustees
of the university in return of sup
pression of "nuisance" petitions, it
was disclosed tonight.
SALEM. Ore., May 10 (UP).—Wil
lamette University student leaders,
in a movement seeking investigation
of the position of Dr. Carl Sumner
Knopf, president of the school, as a
conscientious objector, were assured
of immediate action by two trustees
of the university in return of sup
pression of "nuisance" petitions, it
was disclosed tonight.
SALEM. Ore., May 10 (UP).—Wil
lamette University student leaders,
in a movement seeking investigation
of the position of Dr. Carl Sumner
Knopf, president of the school, as a
conscientious objector, were assured
of immediate action by two trustees
of the university in return of sup
pression of "nuisance" petitions, it
was disclosed tonight.
SALEM. Ore., May 10 (UP).—Wil
lamette University student leaders,
in a movement seeking investigation
of the position of Dr. Carl Sumner
Knopf, president of the school, as a
conscientious objector, were assured
of immediate action by two trustees
of the university in return of sup
pression of "nuisance" petitions, it
was disclosed tonight.
SALEM. Ore., May 10 (UP).—Wil
lamette University student leaders,
in a movement seeking investigation
of the position of Dr. Carl Sumner
Knopf, president of the school, as a
conscientious objector, were assured
of immediate action by two trustees
of the university in return of sup
pression of "nuisance" petitions, it
was disclosed tonight.
SALEM. Ore., May 10 (UP).—Wil
lamette University student leaders,
in a movement seeking investigation
of the position of Dr. Carl Sumner
Knopf, president of the school, as a
conscientious objector, were assured
of immediate action by two trustees
of the university in return of sup
pression of "nuisance" petitions, it
was disclosed tonight.
