# UNEMPLOYMENT DANCE
## 
### 
In order to raise money to help
the unemployed people of Ravens
wood have organized to put over an
Old-Fashioned Dance in the Rav
enswood School tonight. The dance
is open to the public, a small ad
mission fee of 25c being charged.
In order to raise money to help
the unemployed people of Ravens
wood have organized to put over an
Old-Fashioned Dance in the Rav
enswood School tonight. The dance
is open to the public, a small ad
mission fee of 25c being charged.
In order to raise money to help
the unemployed people of Ravens
wood have organized to put over an
Old-Fashioned Dance in the Rav
enswood School tonight. The dance
is open to the public, a small ad
mission fee of 25c being charged.
In order to raise money to help
the unemployed people of Ravens
wood have organized to put over an
Old-Fashioned Dance in the Rav
enswood School tonight. The dance
is open to the public, a small ad
mission fee of 25c being charged.
In order to raise money to help
the unemployed people of Ravens
wood have organized to put over an
Old-Fashioned Dance in the Rav
enswood School tonight. The dance
is open to the public, a small ad
mission fee of 25c being charged.
In order to raise money to help
the unemployed people of Ravens
wood have organized to put over an
Old-Fashioned Dance in the Rav
enswood School tonight. The dance
is open to the public, a small ad
mission fee of 25c being charged.
In order to raise money to help
the unemployed people of Ravens
wood have organized to put over an
Old-Fashioned Dance in the Rav
enswood School tonight. The dance
is open to the public, a small ad
mission fee of 25c being charged.
In order to raise money to help
the unemployed people of Ravens
wood have organized to put over an
Old-Fashioned Dance in the Rav
enswood School tonight. The dance
is open to the public, a small ad
mission fee of 25c being charged.
In order to raise money to help
the unemployed people of Ravens
wood have organized to put over an
Old-Fashioned Dance in the Rav
enswood School tonight. The dance
is open to the public, a small ad
mission fee of 25c being charged.
In order to raise money to help
the unemployed people of Ravens
wood have organized to put over an
Old-Fashioned Dance in the Rav
enswood School tonight. The dance
is open to the public, a small ad
mission fee of 25c being charged.
In order to raise money to help
the unemployed people of Ravens
wood have organized to put over an
Old-Fashioned Dance in the Rav
enswood School tonight. The dance
is open to the public, a small ad
mission fee of 25c being charged.
In order to raise money to help
the unemployed people of Ravens
wood have organized to put over an
Old-Fashioned Dance in the Rav
enswood School tonight. The dance
is open to the public, a small ad
mission fee of 25c being charged.
In order to raise money to help
the unemployed people of Ravens
wood have organized to put over an
Old-Fashioned Dance in the Rav
enswood School tonight. The dance
is open to the public, a small ad
mission fee of 25c being charged.
In order to raise money to help
the unemployed people of Ravens
wood have organized to put over an
Old-Fashioned Dance in the Rav
enswood School tonight. The dance
is open to the public, a small ad
mission fee of 25c being charged.
In order to raise money to help
the unemployed people of Ravens
wood have organized to put over an
Old-Fashioned Dance in the Rav
enswood School tonight. The dance
is open to the public, a small ad
mission fee of 25c being charged.
