# AWAIT INVITATION
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15. (A 3 ) —
State Department officials said to
day American participation in the
League of Nation Council's discus
sions on the Manchurian crisis
would depend upon the nature of
the invitation.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15. (A 3 ) —
State Department officials said to
day American participation in the
League of Nation Council's discus
sions on the Manchurian crisis
would depend upon the nature of
the invitation.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15. (A 3 ) —
State Department officials said to
day American participation in the
League of Nation Council's discus
sions on the Manchurian crisis
would depend upon the nature of
the invitation.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15. (A 3 ) —
State Department officials said to
day American participation in the
League of Nation Council's discus
sions on the Manchurian crisis
would depend upon the nature of
the invitation.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15. (A 3 ) —
State Department officials said to
day American participation in the
League of Nation Council's discus
sions on the Manchurian crisis
would depend upon the nature of
the invitation.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15. (A 3 ) —
State Department officials said to
day American participation in the
League of Nation Council's discus
sions on the Manchurian crisis
would depend upon the nature of
the invitation.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15. (A 3 ) —
State Department officials said to
day American participation in the
League of Nation Council's discus
sions on the Manchurian crisis
would depend upon the nature of
the invitation.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15. (A 3 ) —
State Department officials said to
day American participation in the
League of Nation Council's discus
sions on the Manchurian crisis
would depend upon the nature of
the invitation.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15. (A 3 ) —
State Department officials said to
day American participation in the
League of Nation Council's discus
sions on the Manchurian crisis
would depend upon the nature of
the invitation.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15. (A 3 ) —
State Department officials said to
day American participation in the
League of Nation Council's discus
sions on the Manchurian crisis
would depend upon the nature of
the invitation.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15. (A 3 ) —
State Department officials said to
day American participation in the
League of Nation Council's discus
sions on the Manchurian crisis
would depend upon the nature of
the invitation.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15. (A 3 ) —
State Department officials said to
day American participation in the
League of Nation Council's discus
sions on the Manchurian crisis
would depend upon the nature of
the invitation.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15. (A 3 ) —
State Department officials said to
day American participation in the
League of Nation Council's discus
sions on the Manchurian crisis
would depend upon the nature of
the invitation.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15. (A 3 ) —
State Department officials said to
day American participation in the
League of Nation Council's discus
sions on the Manchurian crisis
would depend upon the nature of
the invitation.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15. (A 3 ) —
State Department officials said to
day American participation in the
League of Nation Council's discus
sions on the Manchurian crisis
would depend upon the nature of
the invitation.
