# PI BETA PHI GIVES DEPRESSION DANCE
## 
### 
For the first time in history a
depression dance is to be held on
ihe Stanford campus. Tonight be
tween 9 and 12 stock-market vic
tims may dance at the Pi Phi house
to the music of Ward Tanzer's
orchestra.
Ten cents will cover the cost of
the evening's entertainment, and
every dime will go to pay the musi
cians. Refreshments will be served.
For the first time in history a
depression dance is to be held on
ihe Stanford campus. Tonight be
tween 9 and 12 stock-market vic
tims may dance at the Pi Phi house
to the music of Ward Tanzer's
orchestra.
Ten cents will cover the cost of
the evening's entertainment, and
every dime will go to pay the musi
cians. Refreshments will be served.
For the first time in history a
depression dance is to be held on
ihe Stanford campus. Tonight be
tween 9 and 12 stock-market vic
tims may dance at the Pi Phi house
to the music of Ward Tanzer's
orchestra.
Ten cents will cover the cost of
the evening's entertainment, and
every dime will go to pay the musi
cians. Refreshments will be served.
For the first time in history a
depression dance is to be held on
ihe Stanford campus. Tonight be
tween 9 and 12 stock-market vic
tims may dance at the Pi Phi house
to the music of Ward Tanzer's
orchestra.
Ten cents will cover the cost of
the evening's entertainment, and
every dime will go to pay the musi
cians. Refreshments will be served.
For the first time in history a
depression dance is to be held on
ihe Stanford campus. Tonight be
tween 9 and 12 stock-market vic
tims may dance at the Pi Phi house
to the music of Ward Tanzer's
orchestra.
Ten cents will cover the cost of
the evening's entertainment, and
every dime will go to pay the musi
cians. Refreshments will be served.
For the first time in history a
depression dance is to be held on
ihe Stanford campus. Tonight be
tween 9 and 12 stock-market vic
tims may dance at the Pi Phi house
to the music of Ward Tanzer's
orchestra.
Ten cents will cover the cost of
the evening's entertainment, and
every dime will go to pay the musi
cians. Refreshments will be served.
For the first time in history a
depression dance is to be held on
ihe Stanford campus. Tonight be
tween 9 and 12 stock-market vic
tims may dance at the Pi Phi house
to the music of Ward Tanzer's
orchestra.
Ten cents will cover the cost of
the evening's entertainment, and
every dime will go to pay the musi
cians. Refreshments will be served.
For the first time in history a
depression dance is to be held on
ihe Stanford campus. Tonight be
tween 9 and 12 stock-market vic
tims may dance at the Pi Phi house
to the music of Ward Tanzer's
orchestra.
Ten cents will cover the cost of
the evening's entertainment, and
every dime will go to pay the musi
cians. Refreshments will be served.
For the first time in history a
depression dance is to be held on
ihe Stanford campus. Tonight be
tween 9 and 12 stock-market vic
tims may dance at the Pi Phi house
to the music of Ward Tanzer's
orchestra.
Ten cents will cover the cost of
the evening's entertainment, and
every dime will go to pay the musi
cians. Refreshments will be served.
For the first time in history a
depression dance is to be held on
ihe Stanford campus. Tonight be
tween 9 and 12 stock-market vic
tims may dance at the Pi Phi house
to the music of Ward Tanzer's
orchestra.
Ten cents will cover the cost of
the evening's entertainment, and
every dime will go to pay the musi
cians. Refreshments will be served.
For the first time in history a
depression dance is to be held on
ihe Stanford campus. Tonight be
tween 9 and 12 stock-market vic
tims may dance at the Pi Phi house
to the music of Ward Tanzer's
orchestra.
Ten cents will cover the cost of
the evening's entertainment, and
every dime will go to pay the musi
cians. Refreshments will be served.
For the first time in history a
depression dance is to be held on
ihe Stanford campus. Tonight be
tween 9 and 12 stock-market vic
tims may dance at the Pi Phi house
to the music of Ward Tanzer's
orchestra.
Ten cents will cover the cost of
the evening's entertainment, and
every dime will go to pay the musi
cians. Refreshments will be served.
For the first time in history a
depression dance is to be held on
ihe Stanford campus. Tonight be
tween 9 and 12 stock-market vic
tims may dance at the Pi Phi house
to the music of Ward Tanzer's
orchestra.
Ten cents will cover the cost of
the evening's entertainment, and
every dime will go to pay the musi
cians. Refreshments will be served.
For the first time in history a
depression dance is to be held on
ihe Stanford campus. Tonight be
tween 9 and 12 stock-market vic
tims may dance at the Pi Phi house
to the music of Ward Tanzer's
orchestra.
Ten cents will cover the cost of
the evening's entertainment, and
every dime will go to pay the musi
cians. Refreshments will be served.
For the first time in history a
depression dance is to be held on
ihe Stanford campus. Tonight be
tween 9 and 12 stock-market vic
tims may dance at the Pi Phi house
to the music of Ward Tanzer's
orchestra.
Ten cents will cover the cost of
the evening's entertainment, and
every dime will go to pay the musi
cians. Refreshments will be served.
