# INTERNATIONAL TOUR TO VISIT EXHIBITION OF MUSIC AND ARTS
## 
### 
As part of a program to foster an 1
international concept and under- j
standing among students, a toflr to j
Greek, Russian, and Swedish sec- '
tions of San Francisco to acquaint |
students with arts, music, dancing, j
and religion of these different na- !
tionalities will be conducted under j
the auspices of the Y.W.C.A. tomor- i
row. The torn: will last from 3 to j
9 o'clock and the complete expense, |
including transportation, will be i
$1.25.
An interesting program has been |
arranged, part of which includes a j
map picture of San Francisco's ra- â€¢
cial groups, a Russian tea, a visit i
to a Russian church, a Swedish din- j
ner, and an exhibition of arts, !
music, and folk dancing. The tour i
is open to all students and should j
be of especial interest to those in- I
forested in internationalism in any j
of its many phases. I
