# BIDS GO ON SALE
## 
### 
Bids for (he Toyon fall informal
will go on sale in the A.S.S.U. of
fices this morning. The dance is to
be given Friday, October 23. Cor
don Hesche's orchestra will play.
Bids for (he Toyon fall informal
will go on sale in the A.S.S.U. of
fices this morning. The dance is to
be given Friday, October 23. Cor
don Hesche's orchestra will play.
Bids for (he Toyon fall informal
will go on sale in the A.S.S.U. of
fices this morning. The dance is to
be given Friday, October 23. Cor
don Hesche's orchestra will play.
Bids for (he Toyon fall informal
will go on sale in the A.S.S.U. of
fices this morning. The dance is to
be given Friday, October 23. Cor
don Hesche's orchestra will play.
Bids for (he Toyon fall informal
will go on sale in the A.S.S.U. of
fices this morning. The dance is to
be given Friday, October 23. Cor
don Hesche's orchestra will play.
Bids for (he Toyon fall informal
will go on sale in the A.S.S.U. of
fices this morning. The dance is to
be given Friday, October 23. Cor
don Hesche's orchestra will play.
Bids for (he Toyon fall informal
will go on sale in the A.S.S.U. of
fices this morning. The dance is to
be given Friday, October 23. Cor
don Hesche's orchestra will play.
Bids for (he Toyon fall informal
will go on sale in the A.S.S.U. of
fices this morning. The dance is to
be given Friday, October 23. Cor
don Hesche's orchestra will play.
Bids for (he Toyon fall informal
will go on sale in the A.S.S.U. of
fices this morning. The dance is to
be given Friday, October 23. Cor
don Hesche's orchestra will play.
Bids for (he Toyon fall informal
will go on sale in the A.S.S.U. of
fices this morning. The dance is to
be given Friday, October 23. Cor
don Hesche's orchestra will play.
Bids for (he Toyon fall informal
will go on sale in the A.S.S.U. of
fices this morning. The dance is to
be given Friday, October 23. Cor
don Hesche's orchestra will play.
Bids for (he Toyon fall informal
will go on sale in the A.S.S.U. of
fices this morning. The dance is to
be given Friday, October 23. Cor
don Hesche's orchestra will play.
Bids for (he Toyon fall informal
will go on sale in the A.S.S.U. of
fices this morning. The dance is to
be given Friday, October 23. Cor
don Hesche's orchestra will play.
Bids for (he Toyon fall informal
will go on sale in the A.S.S.U. of
fices this morning. The dance is to
be given Friday, October 23. Cor
don Hesche's orchestra will play.
Bids for (he Toyon fall informal
will go on sale in the A.S.S.U. of
fices this morning. The dance is to
be given Friday, October 23. Cor
don Hesche's orchestra will play.
