# FOILS TOURNAMENT
## 
### 
Four Stanford men are to partici- i
pale in the handicap foils tourna- j
ment at the Olympic Club this eve- ;
ning. The local fencers are George
Easton, John Pascoe, A1 Snyder, and j
Fred Pearman.
Four Stanford men are to partici- i
pale in the handicap foils tourna- j
ment at the Olympic Club this eve- ;
ning. The local fencers are George
Easton, John Pascoe, A1 Snyder, and j
Fred Pearman.
Four Stanford men are to partici- i
pale in the handicap foils tourna- j
ment at the Olympic Club this eve- ;
ning. The local fencers are George
Easton, John Pascoe, A1 Snyder, and j
Fred Pearman.
Four Stanford men are to partici- i
pale in the handicap foils tourna- j
ment at the Olympic Club this eve- ;
ning. The local fencers are George
Easton, John Pascoe, A1 Snyder, and j
Fred Pearman.
Four Stanford men are to partici- i
pale in the handicap foils tourna- j
ment at the Olympic Club this eve- ;
ning. The local fencers are George
Easton, John Pascoe, A1 Snyder, and j
Fred Pearman.
Four Stanford men are to partici- i
pale in the handicap foils tourna- j
ment at the Olympic Club this eve- ;
ning. The local fencers are George
Easton, John Pascoe, A1 Snyder, and j
Fred Pearman.
Four Stanford men are to partici- i
pale in the handicap foils tourna- j
ment at the Olympic Club this eve- ;
ning. The local fencers are George
Easton, John Pascoe, A1 Snyder, and j
Fred Pearman.
Four Stanford men are to partici- i
pale in the handicap foils tourna- j
ment at the Olympic Club this eve- ;
ning. The local fencers are George
Easton, John Pascoe, A1 Snyder, and j
Fred Pearman.
Four Stanford men are to partici- i
pale in the handicap foils tourna- j
ment at the Olympic Club this eve- ;
ning. The local fencers are George
Easton, John Pascoe, A1 Snyder, and j
Fred Pearman.
Four Stanford men are to partici- i
pale in the handicap foils tourna- j
ment at the Olympic Club this eve- ;
ning. The local fencers are George
Easton, John Pascoe, A1 Snyder, and j
Fred Pearman.
Four Stanford men are to partici- i
pale in the handicap foils tourna- j
ment at the Olympic Club this eve- ;
ning. The local fencers are George
Easton, John Pascoe, A1 Snyder, and j
Fred Pearman.
Four Stanford men are to partici- i
pale in the handicap foils tourna- j
ment at the Olympic Club this eve- ;
ning. The local fencers are George
Easton, John Pascoe, A1 Snyder, and j
Fred Pearman.
Four Stanford men are to partici- i
pale in the handicap foils tourna- j
ment at the Olympic Club this eve- ;
ning. The local fencers are George
Easton, John Pascoe, A1 Snyder, and j
Fred Pearman.
Four Stanford men are to partici- i
pale in the handicap foils tourna- j
ment at the Olympic Club this eve- ;
ning. The local fencers are George
Easton, John Pascoe, A1 Snyder, and j
Fred Pearman.
Four Stanford men are to partici- i
pale in the handicap foils tourna- j
ment at the Olympic Club this eve- ;
ning. The local fencers are George
Easton, John Pascoe, A1 Snyder, and j
Fred Pearman.
