# University Calendar.
## 
### 
February.
Carnot debate at Berkeley, 14th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Pirates of Penzance performance,
21st.
Washington's birthday (holiday),
22d.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball, cam
pus, 22d.
Sophomore Cotillion, 22d.
Chicago Orchestra concert, 27th.
March.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, Ist.
Freshman-Sophomore debate try
outs, Ist.
California vs. Santa Clara, base
ball, campus, Bth.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,
Berkeley, Bth.
Dedication of Memorial Church,
Founders' Day (Sunday), 9th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 22d.
Junior Day, 28th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 28th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 29th.
Mid-semester recess begins, 29th.
April.
Stanford vs. California, baseball,
campus, sth.
Mid-semester recess ends, 6th.
Intercollegiate Field-day, 19th.
May.
Memorial day (holiday), 14th.
Instruction ends, 22d.
Baccalaureate Sunday, 25th.
Class day, 26th.
Alumni day, 27th.
Commencement, 28th.
February.
Carnot debate at Berkeley, 14th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Pirates of Penzance performance,
21st.
Washington's birthday (holiday),
22d.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball, cam
pus, 22d.
Sophomore Cotillion, 22d.
Chicago Orchestra concert, 27th.
March.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, Ist.
Freshman-Sophomore debate try
outs, Ist.
California vs. Santa Clara, base
ball, campus, Bth.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,
Berkeley, Bth.
Dedication of Memorial Church,
Founders' Day (Sunday), 9th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 22d.
Junior Day, 28th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 28th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 29th.
Mid-semester recess begins, 29th.
April.
Stanford vs. California, baseball,
campus, sth.
Mid-semester recess ends, 6th.
Intercollegiate Field-day, 19th.
May.
Memorial day (holiday), 14th.
Instruction ends, 22d.
Baccalaureate Sunday, 25th.
Class day, 26th.
Alumni day, 27th.
Commencement, 28th.
February.
Carnot debate at Berkeley, 14th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Pirates of Penzance performance,
21st.
Washington's birthday (holiday),
22d.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball, cam
pus, 22d.
Sophomore Cotillion, 22d.
Chicago Orchestra concert, 27th.
March.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, Ist.
Freshman-Sophomore debate try
outs, Ist.
California vs. Santa Clara, base
ball, campus, Bth.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,
Berkeley, Bth.
Dedication of Memorial Church,
Founders' Day (Sunday), 9th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 22d.
Junior Day, 28th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 28th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 29th.
Mid-semester recess begins, 29th.
April.
Stanford vs. California, baseball,
campus, sth.
Mid-semester recess ends, 6th.
Intercollegiate Field-day, 19th.
May.
Memorial day (holiday), 14th.
Instruction ends, 22d.
Baccalaureate Sunday, 25th.
Class day, 26th.
Alumni day, 27th.
Commencement, 28th.
February.
Carnot debate at Berkeley, 14th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Pirates of Penzance performance,
21st.
Washington's birthday (holiday),
22d.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball, cam
pus, 22d.
Sophomore Cotillion, 22d.
Chicago Orchestra concert, 27th.
March.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, Ist.
Freshman-Sophomore debate try
outs, Ist.
California vs. Santa Clara, base
ball, campus, Bth.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,
Berkeley, Bth.
Dedication of Memorial Church,
Founders' Day (Sunday), 9th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 22d.
Junior Day, 28th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 28th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 29th.
Mid-semester recess begins, 29th.
April.
Stanford vs. California, baseball,
campus, sth.
Mid-semester recess ends, 6th.
Intercollegiate Field-day, 19th.
May.
Memorial day (holiday), 14th.
Instruction ends, 22d.
Baccalaureate Sunday, 25th.
Class day, 26th.
Alumni day, 27th.
Commencement, 28th.
February.
Carnot debate at Berkeley, 14th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Pirates of Penzance performance,
21st.
Washington's birthday (holiday),
22d.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball, cam
pus, 22d.
Sophomore Cotillion, 22d.
Chicago Orchestra concert, 27th.
March.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, Ist.
Freshman-Sophomore debate try
outs, Ist.
California vs. Santa Clara, base
ball, campus, Bth.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,
Berkeley, Bth.
Dedication of Memorial Church,
Founders' Day (Sunday), 9th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 22d.
Junior Day, 28th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 28th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 29th.
Mid-semester recess begins, 29th.
April.
Stanford vs. California, baseball,
campus, sth.
Mid-semester recess ends, 6th.
Intercollegiate Field-day, 19th.
May.
Memorial day (holiday), 14th.
Instruction ends, 22d.
Baccalaureate Sunday, 25th.
Class day, 26th.
Alumni day, 27th.
Commencement, 28th.
February.
Carnot debate at Berkeley, 14th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Pirates of Penzance performance,
21st.
Washington's birthday (holiday),
22d.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball, cam
pus, 22d.
Sophomore Cotillion, 22d.
Chicago Orchestra concert, 27th.
March.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, Ist.
Freshman-Sophomore debate try
outs, Ist.
California vs. Santa Clara, base
ball, campus, Bth.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,
Berkeley, Bth.
Dedication of Memorial Church,
Founders' Day (Sunday), 9th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 22d.
Junior Day, 28th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 28th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 29th.
Mid-semester recess begins, 29th.
April.
Stanford vs. California, baseball,
campus, sth.
Mid-semester recess ends, 6th.
Intercollegiate Field-day, 19th.
May.
Memorial day (holiday), 14th.
Instruction ends, 22d.
Baccalaureate Sunday, 25th.
Class day, 26th.
Alumni day, 27th.
Commencement, 28th.
February.
Carnot debate at Berkeley, 14th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Pirates of Penzance performance,
21st.
Washington's birthday (holiday),
22d.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball, cam
pus, 22d.
Sophomore Cotillion, 22d.
Chicago Orchestra concert, 27th.
March.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, Ist.
Freshman-Sophomore debate try
outs, Ist.
California vs. Santa Clara, base
ball, campus, Bth.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,
Berkeley, Bth.
Dedication of Memorial Church,
Founders' Day (Sunday), 9th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 22d.
Junior Day, 28th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 28th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 29th.
Mid-semester recess begins, 29th.
April.
Stanford vs. California, baseball,
campus, sth.
Mid-semester recess ends, 6th.
Intercollegiate Field-day, 19th.
May.
Memorial day (holiday), 14th.
Instruction ends, 22d.
Baccalaureate Sunday, 25th.
Class day, 26th.
Alumni day, 27th.
Commencement, 28th.
