# Stanford Man Honored.
## 
### 
A. H. Suzzallo,'99, who is taking
advanced work in education at
Columbia, has been made scholar
in education at that institution.
This gives him an opportunity to
lecture before the advanced stu
dents. He also had a fellowship
in education offered him but re
fused, as he contemplates return
ing to California soon to take a
position in the Education depart
ment at Stanford.
A. H. Suzzallo,'99, who is taking
advanced work in education at
Columbia, has been made scholar
in education at that institution.
This gives him an opportunity to
lecture before the advanced stu
dents. He also had a fellowship
in education offered him but re
fused, as he contemplates return
ing to California soon to take a
position in the Education depart
ment at Stanford.
A. H. Suzzallo,'99, who is taking
advanced work in education at
Columbia, has been made scholar
in education at that institution.
This gives him an opportunity to
lecture before the advanced stu
dents. He also had a fellowship
in education offered him but re
fused, as he contemplates return
ing to California soon to take a
position in the Education depart
ment at Stanford.
A. H. Suzzallo,'99, who is taking
advanced work in education at
Columbia, has been made scholar
in education at that institution.
This gives him an opportunity to
lecture before the advanced stu
dents. He also had a fellowship
in education offered him but re
fused, as he contemplates return
ing to California soon to take a
position in the Education depart
ment at Stanford.
A. H. Suzzallo,'99, who is taking
advanced work in education at
Columbia, has been made scholar
in education at that institution.
This gives him an opportunity to
lecture before the advanced stu
dents. He also had a fellowship
in education offered him but re
fused, as he contemplates return
ing to California soon to take a
position in the Education depart
ment at Stanford.
A. H. Suzzallo,'99, who is taking
advanced work in education at
Columbia, has been made scholar
in education at that institution.
This gives him an opportunity to
lecture before the advanced stu
dents. He also had a fellowship
in education offered him but re
fused, as he contemplates return
ing to California soon to take a
position in the Education depart
ment at Stanford.
A. H. Suzzallo,'99, who is taking
advanced work in education at
Columbia, has been made scholar
in education at that institution.
This gives him an opportunity to
lecture before the advanced stu
dents. He also had a fellowship
in education offered him but re
fused, as he contemplates return
ing to California soon to take a
position in the Education depart
ment at Stanford.
