# KA Annexes League Title
## 
### 
The Kappa Alpha Crimsons an
nexed the championship of their
league yesterday as they edged out
a previously unbeaten Theta Chi
Regals team 6 to 0. In shutting out
the Regals, the Crimson compiled n
record of being unbeaten and un
scored upon in thfcir live league
games.
Kappa Alpha tallied on a 30-yard
pitch from A 1 Blotz to Lucious Bar
bour. Others instrumental in (he
KA win were quarterback Bob
Teitsworth and defensive lineman
Van Brady, Bill Brady, Roger Wag
ner, Marshall Ay res, and John
Morse.
The Regals threatened several
times, but stubborn Crimson de
fense kept the privacy of their end
zone undisturbed.
In other games Delta Chi forfeited
to the SAE Purples, Village 3148
forfeited to Village 310, Chi Psi de
feated DU I 12 lo (J, and the Theta
Delts triumphed over the Phi Delt
Trojans 14 to 2.
In the latter game the Theta Delts
made up an early 2-0 deficit as Bob
(Andy) Anderson passed for two
touchdowns, one to Barry Highlett
and the other to Bert Henson. High
lett and Jim Harter accounted for
the extra points.
The Kappa Alpha Crimsons an
nexed the championship of their
league yesterday as they edged out
a previously unbeaten Theta Chi
Regals team 6 to 0. In shutting out
the Regals, the Crimson compiled n
record of being unbeaten and un
scored upon in thfcir live league
games.
Kappa Alpha tallied on a 30-yard
pitch from A 1 Blotz to Lucious Bar
bour. Others instrumental in (he
KA win were quarterback Bob
Teitsworth and defensive lineman
Van Brady, Bill Brady, Roger Wag
ner, Marshall Ay res, and John
Morse.
The Regals threatened several
times, but stubborn Crimson de
fense kept the privacy of their end
zone undisturbed.
In other games Delta Chi forfeited
to the SAE Purples, Village 3148
forfeited to Village 310, Chi Psi de
feated DU I 12 lo (J, and the Theta
Delts triumphed over the Phi Delt
Trojans 14 to 2.
In the latter game the Theta Delts
made up an early 2-0 deficit as Bob
(Andy) Anderson passed for two
touchdowns, one to Barry Highlett
and the other to Bert Henson. High
lett and Jim Harter accounted for
the extra points.
The Kappa Alpha Crimsons an
nexed the championship of their
league yesterday as they edged out
a previously unbeaten Theta Chi
Regals team 6 to 0. In shutting out
the Regals, the Crimson compiled n
record of being unbeaten and un
scored upon in thfcir live league
games.
Kappa Alpha tallied on a 30-yard
pitch from A 1 Blotz to Lucious Bar
bour. Others instrumental in (he
KA win were quarterback Bob
Teitsworth and defensive lineman
Van Brady, Bill Brady, Roger Wag
ner, Marshall Ay res, and John
Morse.
The Regals threatened several
times, but stubborn Crimson de
fense kept the privacy of their end
zone undisturbed.
In other games Delta Chi forfeited
to the SAE Purples, Village 3148
forfeited to Village 310, Chi Psi de
feated DU I 12 lo (J, and the Theta
Delts triumphed over the Phi Delt
Trojans 14 to 2.
In the latter game the Theta Delts
made up an early 2-0 deficit as Bob
(Andy) Anderson passed for two
touchdowns, one to Barry Highlett
and the other to Bert Henson. High
lett and Jim Harter accounted for
the extra points.
The Kappa Alpha Crimsons an
nexed the championship of their
league yesterday as they edged out
a previously unbeaten Theta Chi
Regals team 6 to 0. In shutting out
the Regals, the Crimson compiled n
record of being unbeaten and un
scored upon in thfcir live league
games.
Kappa Alpha tallied on a 30-yard
pitch from A 1 Blotz to Lucious Bar
bour. Others instrumental in (he
KA win were quarterback Bob
Teitsworth and defensive lineman
Van Brady, Bill Brady, Roger Wag
ner, Marshall Ay res, and John
Morse.
The Regals threatened several
times, but stubborn Crimson de
fense kept the privacy of their end
zone undisturbed.
In other games Delta Chi forfeited
to the SAE Purples, Village 3148
forfeited to Village 310, Chi Psi de
feated DU I 12 lo (J, and the Theta
Delts triumphed over the Phi Delt
Trojans 14 to 2.
In the latter game the Theta Delts
made up an early 2-0 deficit as Bob
(Andy) Anderson passed for two
touchdowns, one to Barry Highlett
and the other to Bert Henson. High
lett and Jim Harter accounted for
the extra points.
The Kappa Alpha Crimsons an
nexed the championship of their
league yesterday as they edged out
a previously unbeaten Theta Chi
Regals team 6 to 0. In shutting out
the Regals, the Crimson compiled n
record of being unbeaten and un
scored upon in thfcir live league
games.
Kappa Alpha tallied on a 30-yard
pitch from A 1 Blotz to Lucious Bar
bour. Others instrumental in (he
KA win were quarterback Bob
Teitsworth and defensive lineman
Van Brady, Bill Brady, Roger Wag
ner, Marshall Ay res, and John
Morse.
The Regals threatened several
times, but stubborn Crimson de
fense kept the privacy of their end
zone undisturbed.
In other games Delta Chi forfeited
to the SAE Purples, Village 3148
forfeited to Village 310, Chi Psi de
feated DU I 12 lo (J, and the Theta
Delts triumphed over the Phi Delt
Trojans 14 to 2.
In the latter game the Theta Delts
made up an early 2-0 deficit as Bob
(Andy) Anderson passed for two
touchdowns, one to Barry Highlett
and the other to Bert Henson. High
lett and Jim Harter accounted for
the extra points.
The Kappa Alpha Crimsons an
nexed the championship of their
league yesterday as they edged out
a previously unbeaten Theta Chi
Regals team 6 to 0. In shutting out
the Regals, the Crimson compiled n
record of being unbeaten and un
scored upon in thfcir live league
games.
Kappa Alpha tallied on a 30-yard
pitch from A 1 Blotz to Lucious Bar
bour. Others instrumental in (he
KA win were quarterback Bob
Teitsworth and defensive lineman
Van Brady, Bill Brady, Roger Wag
ner, Marshall Ay res, and John
Morse.
The Regals threatened several
times, but stubborn Crimson de
fense kept the privacy of their end
zone undisturbed.
In other games Delta Chi forfeited
to the SAE Purples, Village 3148
forfeited to Village 310, Chi Psi de
feated DU I 12 lo (J, and the Theta
Delts triumphed over the Phi Delt
Trojans 14 to 2.
In the latter game the Theta Delts
made up an early 2-0 deficit as Bob
(Andy) Anderson passed for two
touchdowns, one to Barry Highlett
and the other to Bert Henson. High
lett and Jim Harter accounted for
the extra points.
The Kappa Alpha Crimsons an
nexed the championship of their
league yesterday as they edged out
a previously unbeaten Theta Chi
Regals team 6 to 0. In shutting out
the Regals, the Crimson compiled n
record of being unbeaten and un
scored upon in thfcir live league
games.
Kappa Alpha tallied on a 30-yard
pitch from A 1 Blotz to Lucious Bar
bour. Others instrumental in (he
KA win were quarterback Bob
Teitsworth and defensive lineman
Van Brady, Bill Brady, Roger Wag
ner, Marshall Ay res, and John
Morse.
The Regals threatened several
times, but stubborn Crimson de
fense kept the privacy of their end
zone undisturbed.
In other games Delta Chi forfeited
to the SAE Purples, Village 3148
forfeited to Village 310, Chi Psi de
feated DU I 12 lo (J, and the Theta
Delts triumphed over the Phi Delt
Trojans 14 to 2.
In the latter game the Theta Delts
made up an early 2-0 deficit as Bob
(Andy) Anderson passed for two
touchdowns, one to Barry Highlett
and the other to Bert Henson. High
lett and Jim Harter accounted for
the extra points.
The Kappa Alpha Crimsons an
nexed the championship of their
league yesterday as they edged out
a previously unbeaten Theta Chi
Regals team 6 to 0. In shutting out
the Regals, the Crimson compiled n
record of being unbeaten and un
scored upon in thfcir live league
games.
Kappa Alpha tallied on a 30-yard
pitch from A 1 Blotz to Lucious Bar
bour. Others instrumental in (he
KA win were quarterback Bob
Teitsworth and defensive lineman
Van Brady, Bill Brady, Roger Wag
ner, Marshall Ay res, and John
Morse.
The Regals threatened several
times, but stubborn Crimson de
fense kept the privacy of their end
zone undisturbed.
In other games Delta Chi forfeited
to the SAE Purples, Village 3148
forfeited to Village 310, Chi Psi de
feated DU I 12 lo (J, and the Theta
Delts triumphed over the Phi Delt
Trojans 14 to 2.
In the latter game the Theta Delts
made up an early 2-0 deficit as Bob
(Andy) Anderson passed for two
touchdowns, one to Barry Highlett
and the other to Bert Henson. High
lett and Jim Harter accounted for
the extra points.
The Kappa Alpha Crimsons an
nexed the championship of their
league yesterday as they edged out
a previously unbeaten Theta Chi
Regals team 6 to 0. In shutting out
the Regals, the Crimson compiled n
record of being unbeaten and un
scored upon in thfcir live league
games.
Kappa Alpha tallied on a 30-yard
pitch from A 1 Blotz to Lucious Bar
bour. Others instrumental in (he
KA win were quarterback Bob
Teitsworth and defensive lineman
Van Brady, Bill Brady, Roger Wag
ner, Marshall Ay res, and John
Morse.
The Regals threatened several
times, but stubborn Crimson de
fense kept the privacy of their end
zone undisturbed.
In other games Delta Chi forfeited
to the SAE Purples, Village 3148
forfeited to Village 310, Chi Psi de
feated DU I 12 lo (J, and the Theta
Delts triumphed over the Phi Delt
Trojans 14 to 2.
In the latter game the Theta Delts
made up an early 2-0 deficit as Bob
(Andy) Anderson passed for two
touchdowns, one to Barry Highlett
and the other to Bert Henson. High
lett and Jim Harter accounted for
the extra points.
The Kappa Alpha Crimsons an
nexed the championship of their
league yesterday as they edged out
a previously unbeaten Theta Chi
Regals team 6 to 0. In shutting out
the Regals, the Crimson compiled n
record of being unbeaten and un
scored upon in thfcir live league
games.
Kappa Alpha tallied on a 30-yard
pitch from A 1 Blotz to Lucious Bar
bour. Others instrumental in (he
KA win were quarterback Bob
Teitsworth and defensive lineman
Van Brady, Bill Brady, Roger Wag
ner, Marshall Ay res, and John
Morse.
The Regals threatened several
times, but stubborn Crimson de
fense kept the privacy of their end
zone undisturbed.
In other games Delta Chi forfeited
to the SAE Purples, Village 3148
forfeited to Village 310, Chi Psi de
feated DU I 12 lo (J, and the Theta
Delts triumphed over the Phi Delt
Trojans 14 to 2.
In the latter game the Theta Delts
made up an early 2-0 deficit as Bob
(Andy) Anderson passed for two
touchdowns, one to Barry Highlett
and the other to Bert Henson. High
lett and Jim Harter accounted for
the extra points.
The Kappa Alpha Crimsons an
nexed the championship of their
league yesterday as they edged out
a previously unbeaten Theta Chi
Regals team 6 to 0. In shutting out
the Regals, the Crimson compiled n
record of being unbeaten and un
scored upon in thfcir live league
games.
Kappa Alpha tallied on a 30-yard
pitch from A 1 Blotz to Lucious Bar
bour. Others instrumental in (he
KA win were quarterback Bob
Teitsworth and defensive lineman
Van Brady, Bill Brady, Roger Wag
ner, Marshall Ay res, and John
Morse.
The Regals threatened several
times, but stubborn Crimson de
fense kept the privacy of their end
zone undisturbed.
In other games Delta Chi forfeited
to the SAE Purples, Village 3148
forfeited to Village 310, Chi Psi de
feated DU I 12 lo (J, and the Theta
Delts triumphed over the Phi Delt
Trojans 14 to 2.
In the latter game the Theta Delts
made up an early 2-0 deficit as Bob
(Andy) Anderson passed for two
touchdowns, one to Barry Highlett
and the other to Bert Henson. High
lett and Jim Harter accounted for
the extra points.
The Kappa Alpha Crimsons an
nexed the championship of their
league yesterday as they edged out
a previously unbeaten Theta Chi
Regals team 6 to 0. In shutting out
the Regals, the Crimson compiled n
record of being unbeaten and un
scored upon in thfcir live league
games.
Kappa Alpha tallied on a 30-yard
pitch from A 1 Blotz to Lucious Bar
bour. Others instrumental in (he
KA win were quarterback Bob
Teitsworth and defensive lineman
Van Brady, Bill Brady, Roger Wag
ner, Marshall Ay res, and John
Morse.
The Regals threatened several
times, but stubborn Crimson de
fense kept the privacy of their end
zone undisturbed.
In other games Delta Chi forfeited
to the SAE Purples, Village 3148
forfeited to Village 310, Chi Psi de
feated DU I 12 lo (J, and the Theta
Delts triumphed over the Phi Delt
Trojans 14 to 2.
In the latter game the Theta Delts
made up an early 2-0 deficit as Bob
(Andy) Anderson passed for two
touchdowns, one to Barry Highlett
and the other to Bert Henson. High
lett and Jim Harter accounted for
the extra points.
The Kappa Alpha Crimsons an
nexed the championship of their
league yesterday as they edged out
a previously unbeaten Theta Chi
Regals team 6 to 0. In shutting out
the Regals, the Crimson compiled n
record of being unbeaten and un
scored upon in thfcir live league
games.
Kappa Alpha tallied on a 30-yard
pitch from A 1 Blotz to Lucious Bar
bour. Others instrumental in (he
KA win were quarterback Bob
Teitsworth and defensive lineman
Van Brady, Bill Brady, Roger Wag
ner, Marshall Ay res, and John
Morse.
The Regals threatened several
times, but stubborn Crimson de
fense kept the privacy of their end
zone undisturbed.
In other games Delta Chi forfeited
to the SAE Purples, Village 3148
forfeited to Village 310, Chi Psi de
feated DU I 12 lo (J, and the Theta
Delts triumphed over the Phi Delt
Trojans 14 to 2.
In the latter game the Theta Delts
made up an early 2-0 deficit as Bob
(Andy) Anderson passed for two
touchdowns, one to Barry Highlett
and the other to Bert Henson. High
lett and Jim Harter accounted for
the extra points.
The Kappa Alpha Crimsons an
nexed the championship of their
league yesterday as they edged out
a previously unbeaten Theta Chi
Regals team 6 to 0. In shutting out
the Regals, the Crimson compiled n
record of being unbeaten and un
scored upon in thfcir live league
games.
Kappa Alpha tallied on a 30-yard
pitch from A 1 Blotz to Lucious Bar
bour. Others instrumental in (he
KA win were quarterback Bob
Teitsworth and defensive lineman
Van Brady, Bill Brady, Roger Wag
ner, Marshall Ay res, and John
Morse.
The Regals threatened several
times, but stubborn Crimson de
fense kept the privacy of their end
zone undisturbed.
In other games Delta Chi forfeited
to the SAE Purples, Village 3148
forfeited to Village 310, Chi Psi de
feated DU I 12 lo (J, and the Theta
Delts triumphed over the Phi Delt
Trojans 14 to 2.
In the latter game the Theta Delts
made up an early 2-0 deficit as Bob
(Andy) Anderson passed for two
touchdowns, one to Barry Highlett
and the other to Bert Henson. High
lett and Jim Harter accounted for
the extra points.
The Kappa Alpha Crimsons an
nexed the championship of their
league yesterday as they edged out
a previously unbeaten Theta Chi
Regals team 6 to 0. In shutting out
the Regals, the Crimson compiled n
record of being unbeaten and un
scored upon in thfcir live league
games.
Kappa Alpha tallied on a 30-yard
pitch from A 1 Blotz to Lucious Bar
bour. Others instrumental in (he
KA win were quarterback Bob
Teitsworth and defensive lineman
Van Brady, Bill Brady, Roger Wag
ner, Marshall Ay res, and John
Morse.
The Regals threatened several
times, but stubborn Crimson de
fense kept the privacy of their end
zone undisturbed.
In other games Delta Chi forfeited
to the SAE Purples, Village 3148
forfeited to Village 310, Chi Psi de
feated DU I 12 lo (J, and the Theta
Delts triumphed over the Phi Delt
Trojans 14 to 2.
In the latter game the Theta Delts
made up an early 2-0 deficit as Bob
(Andy) Anderson passed for two
touchdowns, one to Barry Highlett
and the other to Bert Henson. High
lett and Jim Harter accounted for
the extra points.
The Kappa Alpha Crimsons an
nexed the championship of their
league yesterday as they edged out
a previously unbeaten Theta Chi
Regals team 6 to 0. In shutting out
the Regals, the Crimson compiled n
record of being unbeaten and un
scored upon in thfcir live league
games.
Kappa Alpha tallied on a 30-yard
pitch from A 1 Blotz to Lucious Bar
bour. Others instrumental in (he
KA win were quarterback Bob
Teitsworth and defensive lineman
Van Brady, Bill Brady, Roger Wag
ner, Marshall Ay res, and John
Morse.
The Regals threatened several
times, but stubborn Crimson de
fense kept the privacy of their end
zone undisturbed.
In other games Delta Chi forfeited
to the SAE Purples, Village 3148
forfeited to Village 310, Chi Psi de
feated DU I 12 lo (J, and the Theta
Delts triumphed over the Phi Delt
Trojans 14 to 2.
In the latter game the Theta Delts
made up an early 2-0 deficit as Bob
(Andy) Anderson passed for two
touchdowns, one to Barry Highlett
and the other to Bert Henson. High
lett and Jim Harter accounted for
the extra points.
