# Boxing Notice
## 
### 
Deadline for contestants to sign
up for both the Novice and the
All - University boxing tourneys
has been set for Friday at 5 p.m.,
announced Coach Ray Lunny.
Aspirants should give their en
tries either to Coach Lunny at the
gym or to Ray Dean at the intra
mural ofliee. All weigh-ins must
also he completed by Friday, con
cluded the coach.
Deadline for contestants to sign
up for both the Novice and the
All - University boxing tourneys
has been set for Friday at 5 p.m.,
announced Coach Ray Lunny.
Aspirants should give their en
tries either to Coach Lunny at the
gym or to Ray Dean at the intra
mural ofliee. All weigh-ins must
also he completed by Friday, con
cluded the coach.
Deadline for contestants to sign
up for both the Novice and the
All - University boxing tourneys
has been set for Friday at 5 p.m.,
announced Coach Ray Lunny.
Aspirants should give their en
tries either to Coach Lunny at the
gym or to Ray Dean at the intra
mural ofliee. All weigh-ins must
also he completed by Friday, con
cluded the coach.
Deadline for contestants to sign
up for both the Novice and the
All - University boxing tourneys
has been set for Friday at 5 p.m.,
announced Coach Ray Lunny.
Aspirants should give their en
tries either to Coach Lunny at the
gym or to Ray Dean at the intra
mural ofliee. All weigh-ins must
also he completed by Friday, con
cluded the coach.
Deadline for contestants to sign
up for both the Novice and the
All - University boxing tourneys
has been set for Friday at 5 p.m.,
announced Coach Ray Lunny.
Aspirants should give their en
tries either to Coach Lunny at the
gym or to Ray Dean at the intra
mural ofliee. All weigh-ins must
also he completed by Friday, con
cluded the coach.
Deadline for contestants to sign
up for both the Novice and the
All - University boxing tourneys
has been set for Friday at 5 p.m.,
announced Coach Ray Lunny.
Aspirants should give their en
tries either to Coach Lunny at the
gym or to Ray Dean at the intra
mural ofliee. All weigh-ins must
also he completed by Friday, con
cluded the coach.
Deadline for contestants to sign
up for both the Novice and the
All - University boxing tourneys
has been set for Friday at 5 p.m.,
announced Coach Ray Lunny.
Aspirants should give their en
tries either to Coach Lunny at the
gym or to Ray Dean at the intra
mural ofliee. All weigh-ins must
also he completed by Friday, con
cluded the coach.
Deadline for contestants to sign
up for both the Novice and the
All - University boxing tourneys
has been set for Friday at 5 p.m.,
announced Coach Ray Lunny.
Aspirants should give their en
tries either to Coach Lunny at the
gym or to Ray Dean at the intra
mural ofliee. All weigh-ins must
also he completed by Friday, con
cluded the coach.
Deadline for contestants to sign
up for both the Novice and the
All - University boxing tourneys
has been set for Friday at 5 p.m.,
announced Coach Ray Lunny.
Aspirants should give their en
tries either to Coach Lunny at the
gym or to Ray Dean at the intra
mural ofliee. All weigh-ins must
also he completed by Friday, con
cluded the coach.
Deadline for contestants to sign
up for both the Novice and the
All - University boxing tourneys
has been set for Friday at 5 p.m.,
announced Coach Ray Lunny.
Aspirants should give their en
tries either to Coach Lunny at the
gym or to Ray Dean at the intra
mural ofliee. All weigh-ins must
also he completed by Friday, con
cluded the coach.
Deadline for contestants to sign
up for both the Novice and the
All - University boxing tourneys
has been set for Friday at 5 p.m.,
announced Coach Ray Lunny.
Aspirants should give their en
tries either to Coach Lunny at the
gym or to Ray Dean at the intra
mural ofliee. All weigh-ins must
also he completed by Friday, con
cluded the coach.
Deadline for contestants to sign
up for both the Novice and the
All - University boxing tourneys
has been set for Friday at 5 p.m.,
announced Coach Ray Lunny.
Aspirants should give their en
tries either to Coach Lunny at the
gym or to Ray Dean at the intra
mural ofliee. All weigh-ins must
also he completed by Friday, con
cluded the coach.
Deadline for contestants to sign
up for both the Novice and the
All - University boxing tourneys
has been set for Friday at 5 p.m.,
announced Coach Ray Lunny.
Aspirants should give their en
tries either to Coach Lunny at the
gym or to Ray Dean at the intra
mural ofliee. All weigh-ins must
also he completed by Friday, con
cluded the coach.
Deadline for contestants to sign
up for both the Novice and the
All - University boxing tourneys
has been set for Friday at 5 p.m.,
announced Coach Ray Lunny.
Aspirants should give their en
tries either to Coach Lunny at the
gym or to Ray Dean at the intra
mural ofliee. All weigh-ins must
also he completed by Friday, con
cluded the coach.
Deadline for contestants to sign
up for both the Novice and the
All - University boxing tourneys
has been set for Friday at 5 p.m.,
announced Coach Ray Lunny.
Aspirants should give their en
tries either to Coach Lunny at the
gym or to Ray Dean at the intra
mural ofliee. All weigh-ins must
also he completed by Friday, con
cluded the coach.
Deadline for contestants to sign
up for both the Novice and the
All - University boxing tourneys
has been set for Friday at 5 p.m.,
announced Coach Ray Lunny.
Aspirants should give their en
tries either to Coach Lunny at the
gym or to Ray Dean at the intra
mural ofliee. All weigh-ins must
also he completed by Friday, con
cluded the coach.
