# Feelthy Big Game Issue Chappie Hits Stands Tomorrow
## 
### 
Chappie hits Ihe stands tomorrow!
The "humor" magazine will be sold
tomorrow morning on the four cor
ners of the Quad, at (ho Cellar, and
the Post Office. This month's rag,
featuring a .six-page football pro
gram, boflo cartoons, and many ytik
features, arrives during (his Big
Game week as a threat to Cal; it's a
warning for them not to let some
thing like if happen there.
This year's football issue will fea
ture a page of football players, an
other phony advertisement, some
f-ongs and yells, a salute to the two
coaches, and a history of the Big
Game and the Axe.
Included in the mauazinc also arc
stories by Thomas, Herzog, Smith,
and Oscar Wilde. Cartoon features
this time were done up in grand
style by Johnson, Brennan, and Ju
dah, and Murray, Chappie's art (?)
editor.
Chappie hits Ihe stands tomorrow!
The "humor" magazine will be sold
tomorrow morning on the four cor
ners of the Quad, at (ho Cellar, and
the Post Office. This month's rag,
featuring a .six-page football pro
gram, boflo cartoons, and many ytik
features, arrives during (his Big
Game week as a threat to Cal; it's a
warning for them not to let some
thing like if happen there.
This year's football issue will fea
ture a page of football players, an
other phony advertisement, some
f-ongs and yells, a salute to the two
coaches, and a history of the Big
Game and the Axe.
Included in the mauazinc also arc
stories by Thomas, Herzog, Smith,
and Oscar Wilde. Cartoon features
this time were done up in grand
style by Johnson, Brennan, and Ju
dah, and Murray, Chappie's art (?)
editor.
Chappie hits Ihe stands tomorrow!
The "humor" magazine will be sold
tomorrow morning on the four cor
ners of the Quad, at (ho Cellar, and
the Post Office. This month's rag,
featuring a .six-page football pro
gram, boflo cartoons, and many ytik
features, arrives during (his Big
Game week as a threat to Cal; it's a
warning for them not to let some
thing like if happen there.
This year's football issue will fea
ture a page of football players, an
other phony advertisement, some
f-ongs and yells, a salute to the two
coaches, and a history of the Big
Game and the Axe.
Included in the mauazinc also arc
stories by Thomas, Herzog, Smith,
and Oscar Wilde. Cartoon features
this time were done up in grand
style by Johnson, Brennan, and Ju
dah, and Murray, Chappie's art (?)
editor.
Chappie hits Ihe stands tomorrow!
The "humor" magazine will be sold
tomorrow morning on the four cor
ners of the Quad, at (ho Cellar, and
the Post Office. This month's rag,
featuring a .six-page football pro
gram, boflo cartoons, and many ytik
features, arrives during (his Big
Game week as a threat to Cal; it's a
warning for them not to let some
thing like if happen there.
This year's football issue will fea
ture a page of football players, an
other phony advertisement, some
f-ongs and yells, a salute to the two
coaches, and a history of the Big
Game and the Axe.
Included in the mauazinc also arc
stories by Thomas, Herzog, Smith,
and Oscar Wilde. Cartoon features
this time were done up in grand
style by Johnson, Brennan, and Ju
dah, and Murray, Chappie's art (?)
editor.
Chappie hits Ihe stands tomorrow!
The "humor" magazine will be sold
tomorrow morning on the four cor
ners of the Quad, at (ho Cellar, and
the Post Office. This month's rag,
featuring a .six-page football pro
gram, boflo cartoons, and many ytik
features, arrives during (his Big
Game week as a threat to Cal; it's a
warning for them not to let some
thing like if happen there.
This year's football issue will fea
ture a page of football players, an
other phony advertisement, some
f-ongs and yells, a salute to the two
coaches, and a history of the Big
Game and the Axe.
Included in the mauazinc also arc
stories by Thomas, Herzog, Smith,
and Oscar Wilde. Cartoon features
this time were done up in grand
style by Johnson, Brennan, and Ju
dah, and Murray, Chappie's art (?)
editor.
Chappie hits Ihe stands tomorrow!
The "humor" magazine will be sold
tomorrow morning on the four cor
ners of the Quad, at (ho Cellar, and
the Post Office. This month's rag,
featuring a .six-page football pro
gram, boflo cartoons, and many ytik
features, arrives during (his Big
Game week as a threat to Cal; it's a
warning for them not to let some
thing like if happen there.
This year's football issue will fea
ture a page of football players, an
other phony advertisement, some
f-ongs and yells, a salute to the two
coaches, and a history of the Big
Game and the Axe.
Included in the mauazinc also arc
stories by Thomas, Herzog, Smith,
and Oscar Wilde. Cartoon features
this time were done up in grand
style by Johnson, Brennan, and Ju
dah, and Murray, Chappie's art (?)
editor.
Chappie hits Ihe stands tomorrow!
The "humor" magazine will be sold
tomorrow morning on the four cor
ners of the Quad, at (ho Cellar, and
the Post Office. This month's rag,
featuring a .six-page football pro
gram, boflo cartoons, and many ytik
features, arrives during (his Big
Game week as a threat to Cal; it's a
warning for them not to let some
thing like if happen there.
This year's football issue will fea
ture a page of football players, an
other phony advertisement, some
f-ongs and yells, a salute to the two
coaches, and a history of the Big
Game and the Axe.
Included in the mauazinc also arc
stories by Thomas, Herzog, Smith,
and Oscar Wilde. Cartoon features
this time were done up in grand
style by Johnson, Brennan, and Ju
dah, and Murray, Chappie's art (?)
editor.
Chappie hits Ihe stands tomorrow!
The "humor" magazine will be sold
tomorrow morning on the four cor
ners of the Quad, at (ho Cellar, and
the Post Office. This month's rag,
featuring a .six-page football pro
gram, boflo cartoons, and many ytik
features, arrives during (his Big
Game week as a threat to Cal; it's a
warning for them not to let some
thing like if happen there.
This year's football issue will fea
ture a page of football players, an
other phony advertisement, some
f-ongs and yells, a salute to the two
coaches, and a history of the Big
Game and the Axe.
Included in the mauazinc also arc
stories by Thomas, Herzog, Smith,
and Oscar Wilde. Cartoon features
this time were done up in grand
style by Johnson, Brennan, and Ju
dah, and Murray, Chappie's art (?)
editor.
Chappie hits Ihe stands tomorrow!
The "humor" magazine will be sold
tomorrow morning on the four cor
ners of the Quad, at (ho Cellar, and
the Post Office. This month's rag,
featuring a .six-page football pro
gram, boflo cartoons, and many ytik
features, arrives during (his Big
Game week as a threat to Cal; it's a
warning for them not to let some
thing like if happen there.
This year's football issue will fea
ture a page of football players, an
other phony advertisement, some
f-ongs and yells, a salute to the two
coaches, and a history of the Big
Game and the Axe.
Included in the mauazinc also arc
stories by Thomas, Herzog, Smith,
and Oscar Wilde. Cartoon features
this time were done up in grand
style by Johnson, Brennan, and Ju
dah, and Murray, Chappie's art (?)
editor.
Chappie hits Ihe stands tomorrow!
The "humor" magazine will be sold
tomorrow morning on the four cor
ners of the Quad, at (ho Cellar, and
the Post Office. This month's rag,
featuring a .six-page football pro
gram, boflo cartoons, and many ytik
features, arrives during (his Big
Game week as a threat to Cal; it's a
warning for them not to let some
thing like if happen there.
This year's football issue will fea
ture a page of football players, an
other phony advertisement, some
f-ongs and yells, a salute to the two
coaches, and a history of the Big
Game and the Axe.
Included in the mauazinc also arc
stories by Thomas, Herzog, Smith,
and Oscar Wilde. Cartoon features
this time were done up in grand
style by Johnson, Brennan, and Ju
dah, and Murray, Chappie's art (?)
editor.
Chappie hits Ihe stands tomorrow!
The "humor" magazine will be sold
tomorrow morning on the four cor
ners of the Quad, at (ho Cellar, and
the Post Office. This month's rag,
featuring a .six-page football pro
gram, boflo cartoons, and many ytik
features, arrives during (his Big
Game week as a threat to Cal; it's a
warning for them not to let some
thing like if happen there.
This year's football issue will fea
ture a page of football players, an
other phony advertisement, some
f-ongs and yells, a salute to the two
coaches, and a history of the Big
Game and the Axe.
Included in the mauazinc also arc
stories by Thomas, Herzog, Smith,
and Oscar Wilde. Cartoon features
this time were done up in grand
style by Johnson, Brennan, and Ju
dah, and Murray, Chappie's art (?)
editor.
Chappie hits Ihe stands tomorrow!
The "humor" magazine will be sold
tomorrow morning on the four cor
ners of the Quad, at (ho Cellar, and
the Post Office. This month's rag,
featuring a .six-page football pro
gram, boflo cartoons, and many ytik
features, arrives during (his Big
Game week as a threat to Cal; it's a
warning for them not to let some
thing like if happen there.
This year's football issue will fea
ture a page of football players, an
other phony advertisement, some
f-ongs and yells, a salute to the two
coaches, and a history of the Big
Game and the Axe.
Included in the mauazinc also arc
stories by Thomas, Herzog, Smith,
and Oscar Wilde. Cartoon features
this time were done up in grand
style by Johnson, Brennan, and Ju
dah, and Murray, Chappie's art (?)
editor.
Chappie hits Ihe stands tomorrow!
The "humor" magazine will be sold
tomorrow morning on the four cor
ners of the Quad, at (ho Cellar, and
the Post Office. This month's rag,
featuring a .six-page football pro
gram, boflo cartoons, and many ytik
features, arrives during (his Big
Game week as a threat to Cal; it's a
warning for them not to let some
thing like if happen there.
This year's football issue will fea
ture a page of football players, an
other phony advertisement, some
f-ongs and yells, a salute to the two
coaches, and a history of the Big
Game and the Axe.
Included in the mauazinc also arc
stories by Thomas, Herzog, Smith,
and Oscar Wilde. Cartoon features
this time were done up in grand
style by Johnson, Brennan, and Ju
dah, and Murray, Chappie's art (?)
editor.
Chappie hits Ihe stands tomorrow!
The "humor" magazine will be sold
tomorrow morning on the four cor
ners of the Quad, at (ho Cellar, and
the Post Office. This month's rag,
featuring a .six-page football pro
gram, boflo cartoons, and many ytik
features, arrives during (his Big
Game week as a threat to Cal; it's a
warning for them not to let some
thing like if happen there.
This year's football issue will fea
ture a page of football players, an
other phony advertisement, some
f-ongs and yells, a salute to the two
coaches, and a history of the Big
Game and the Axe.
Included in the mauazinc also arc
stories by Thomas, Herzog, Smith,
and Oscar Wilde. Cartoon features
this time were done up in grand
style by Johnson, Brennan, and Ju
dah, and Murray, Chappie's art (?)
editor.
Chappie hits Ihe stands tomorrow!
The "humor" magazine will be sold
tomorrow morning on the four cor
ners of the Quad, at (ho Cellar, and
the Post Office. This month's rag,
featuring a .six-page football pro
gram, boflo cartoons, and many ytik
features, arrives during (his Big
Game week as a threat to Cal; it's a
warning for them not to let some
thing like if happen there.
This year's football issue will fea
ture a page of football players, an
other phony advertisement, some
f-ongs and yells, a salute to the two
coaches, and a history of the Big
Game and the Axe.
Included in the mauazinc also arc
stories by Thomas, Herzog, Smith,
and Oscar Wilde. Cartoon features
this time were done up in grand
style by Johnson, Brennan, and Ju
dah, and Murray, Chappie's art (?)
editor.
Chappie hits Ihe stands tomorrow!
The "humor" magazine will be sold
tomorrow morning on the four cor
ners of the Quad, at (ho Cellar, and
the Post Office. This month's rag,
featuring a .six-page football pro
gram, boflo cartoons, and many ytik
features, arrives during (his Big
Game week as a threat to Cal; it's a
warning for them not to let some
thing like if happen there.
This year's football issue will fea
ture a page of football players, an
other phony advertisement, some
f-ongs and yells, a salute to the two
coaches, and a history of the Big
Game and the Axe.
Included in the mauazinc also arc
stories by Thomas, Herzog, Smith,
and Oscar Wilde. Cartoon features
this time were done up in grand
style by Johnson, Brennan, and Ju
dah, and Murray, Chappie's art (?)
editor.
