# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
You May Shop
Confidentially
AT
Walster's
All merchandise is priced
in accordance with re
cently established price
ceilings.
No article priccd higher
than the levels of March.
Walster's
355 University Ave.
You May Shop
Confidentially
AT
Walster's
All merchandise is priced
in accordance with re
cently established price
ceilings.
No article priccd higher
than the levels of March.
Walster's
355 University Ave.
You May Shop
Confidentially
AT
Walster's
All merchandise is priced
in accordance with re
cently established price
ceilings.
No article priccd higher
than the levels of March.
Walster's
355 University Ave.
You May Shop
Confidentially
AT
Walster's
All merchandise is priced
in accordance with re
cently established price
ceilings.
No article priccd higher
than the levels of March.
Walster's
355 University Ave.
You May Shop
Confidentially
AT
Walster's
All merchandise is priced
in accordance with re
cently established price
ceilings.
No article priccd higher
than the levels of March.
Walster's
355 University Ave.
You May Shop
Confidentially
AT
Walster's
All merchandise is priced
in accordance with re
cently established price
ceilings.
No article priccd higher
than the levels of March.
Walster's
355 University Ave.
You May Shop
Confidentially
AT
Walster's
All merchandise is priced
in accordance with re
cently established price
ceilings.
No article priccd higher
than the levels of March.
Walster's
355 University Ave.
You May Shop
Confidentially
AT
Walster's
All merchandise is priced
in accordance with re
cently established price
ceilings.
No article priccd higher
than the levels of March.
Walster's
355 University Ave.
You May Shop
Confidentially
AT
Walster's
All merchandise is priced
in accordance with re
cently established price
ceilings.
No article priccd higher
than the levels of March.
Walster's
355 University Ave.
You May Shop
Confidentially
AT
Walster's
All merchandise is priced
in accordance with re
cently established price
ceilings.
No article priccd higher
than the levels of March.
Walster's
355 University Ave.
You May Shop
Confidentially
AT
Walster's
All merchandise is priced
in accordance with re
cently established price
ceilings.
No article priccd higher
than the levels of March.
Walster's
355 University Ave.
You May Shop
Confidentially
AT
Walster's
All merchandise is priced
in accordance with re
cently established price
ceilings.
No article priccd higher
than the levels of March.
Walster's
355 University Ave.
You May Shop
Confidentially
AT
Walster's
All merchandise is priced
in accordance with re
cently established price
ceilings.
No article priccd higher
than the levels of March.
Walster's
355 University Ave.
You May Shop
Confidentially
AT
Walster's
All merchandise is priced
in accordance with re
cently established price
ceilings.
No article priccd higher
than the levels of March.
Walster's
355 University Ave.
You May Shop
Confidentially
AT
Walster's
All merchandise is priced
in accordance with re
cently established price
ceilings.
No article priccd higher
than the levels of March.
Walster's
355 University Ave.
You May Shop
Confidentially
AT
Walster's
All merchandise is priced
in accordance with re
cently established price
ceilings.
No article priccd higher
than the levels of March.
Walster's
355 University Ave.
You May Shop
Confidentially
AT
Walster's
All merchandise is priced
in accordance with re
cently established price
ceilings.
No article priccd higher
than the levels of March.
Walster's
355 University Ave.
You May Shop
Confidentially
AT
Walster's
All merchandise is priced
in accordance with re
cently established price
ceilings.
No article priccd higher
than the levels of March.
Walster's
355 University Ave.
