# House Party Given By Cap and Gown
## 
### 
Cap and Gown, Stanford senior
women's honor society, held its an
nual house party over the week-end
;il the Soquel cabin of Mr. and Mrs.
Edwin J. Thomas in the Santa Cruz
Mountains.
Active and members at
tended the party, slept out of doors
under the stars, and enjoyed swim
ming, bridge, and other diversions
Virginia Dean and Mrs. Thomas also
celebrated their birthday anniver
saries.
Cap and Gown, Stanford senior
women's honor society, held its an
nual house party over the week-end
;il the Soquel cabin of Mr. and Mrs.
Edwin J. Thomas in the Santa Cruz
Mountains.
Active and members at
tended the party, slept out of doors
under the stars, and enjoyed swim
ming, bridge, and other diversions
Virginia Dean and Mrs. Thomas also
celebrated their birthday anniver
saries.
Cap and Gown, Stanford senior
women's honor society, held its an
nual house party over the week-end
;il the Soquel cabin of Mr. and Mrs.
Edwin J. Thomas in the Santa Cruz
Mountains.
Active and members at
tended the party, slept out of doors
under the stars, and enjoyed swim
ming, bridge, and other diversions
Virginia Dean and Mrs. Thomas also
celebrated their birthday anniver
saries.
Cap and Gown, Stanford senior
women's honor society, held its an
nual house party over the week-end
;il the Soquel cabin of Mr. and Mrs.
Edwin J. Thomas in the Santa Cruz
Mountains.
Active and members at
tended the party, slept out of doors
under the stars, and enjoyed swim
ming, bridge, and other diversions
Virginia Dean and Mrs. Thomas also
celebrated their birthday anniver
saries.
Cap and Gown, Stanford senior
women's honor society, held its an
nual house party over the week-end
;il the Soquel cabin of Mr. and Mrs.
Edwin J. Thomas in the Santa Cruz
Mountains.
Active and members at
tended the party, slept out of doors
under the stars, and enjoyed swim
ming, bridge, and other diversions
Virginia Dean and Mrs. Thomas also
celebrated their birthday anniver
saries.
Cap and Gown, Stanford senior
women's honor society, held its an
nual house party over the week-end
;il the Soquel cabin of Mr. and Mrs.
Edwin J. Thomas in the Santa Cruz
Mountains.
Active and members at
tended the party, slept out of doors
under the stars, and enjoyed swim
ming, bridge, and other diversions
Virginia Dean and Mrs. Thomas also
celebrated their birthday anniver
saries.
Cap and Gown, Stanford senior
women's honor society, held its an
nual house party over the week-end
;il the Soquel cabin of Mr. and Mrs.
Edwin J. Thomas in the Santa Cruz
Mountains.
Active and members at
tended the party, slept out of doors
under the stars, and enjoyed swim
ming, bridge, and other diversions
Virginia Dean and Mrs. Thomas also
celebrated their birthday anniver
saries.
Cap and Gown, Stanford senior
women's honor society, held its an
nual house party over the week-end
;il the Soquel cabin of Mr. and Mrs.
Edwin J. Thomas in the Santa Cruz
Mountains.
Active and members at
tended the party, slept out of doors
under the stars, and enjoyed swim
ming, bridge, and other diversions
Virginia Dean and Mrs. Thomas also
celebrated their birthday anniver
saries.
Cap and Gown, Stanford senior
women's honor society, held its an
nual house party over the week-end
;il the Soquel cabin of Mr. and Mrs.
Edwin J. Thomas in the Santa Cruz
Mountains.
Active and members at
tended the party, slept out of doors
under the stars, and enjoyed swim
ming, bridge, and other diversions
Virginia Dean and Mrs. Thomas also
celebrated their birthday anniver
saries.
Cap and Gown, Stanford senior
women's honor society, held its an
nual house party over the week-end
;il the Soquel cabin of Mr. and Mrs.
Edwin J. Thomas in the Santa Cruz
Mountains.
Active and members at
tended the party, slept out of doors
under the stars, and enjoyed swim
ming, bridge, and other diversions
Virginia Dean and Mrs. Thomas also
celebrated their birthday anniver
saries.
Cap and Gown, Stanford senior
women's honor society, held its an
nual house party over the week-end
;il the Soquel cabin of Mr. and Mrs.
Edwin J. Thomas in the Santa Cruz
Mountains.
Active and members at
tended the party, slept out of doors
under the stars, and enjoyed swim
ming, bridge, and other diversions
Virginia Dean and Mrs. Thomas also
celebrated their birthday anniver
saries.
Cap and Gown, Stanford senior
women's honor society, held its an
nual house party over the week-end
;il the Soquel cabin of Mr. and Mrs.
Edwin J. Thomas in the Santa Cruz
Mountains.
Active and members at
tended the party, slept out of doors
under the stars, and enjoyed swim
ming, bridge, and other diversions
Virginia Dean and Mrs. Thomas also
celebrated their birthday anniver
saries.
Cap and Gown, Stanford senior
women's honor society, held its an
nual house party over the week-end
;il the Soquel cabin of Mr. and Mrs.
Edwin J. Thomas in the Santa Cruz
Mountains.
Active and members at
tended the party, slept out of doors
under the stars, and enjoyed swim
ming, bridge, and other diversions
Virginia Dean and Mrs. Thomas also
celebrated their birthday anniver
saries.
Cap and Gown, Stanford senior
women's honor society, held its an
nual house party over the week-end
;il the Soquel cabin of Mr. and Mrs.
Edwin J. Thomas in the Santa Cruz
Mountains.
Active and members at
tended the party, slept out of doors
under the stars, and enjoyed swim
ming, bridge, and other diversions
Virginia Dean and Mrs. Thomas also
celebrated their birthday anniver
saries.
Cap and Gown, Stanford senior
women's honor society, held its an
nual house party over the week-end
;il the Soquel cabin of Mr. and Mrs.
Edwin J. Thomas in the Santa Cruz
Mountains.
Active and members at
tended the party, slept out of doors
under the stars, and enjoyed swim
ming, bridge, and other diversions
Virginia Dean and Mrs. Thomas also
celebrated their birthday anniver
saries.
Cap and Gown, Stanford senior
women's honor society, held its an
nual house party over the week-end
;il the Soquel cabin of Mr. and Mrs.
Edwin J. Thomas in the Santa Cruz
Mountains.
Active and members at
tended the party, slept out of doors
under the stars, and enjoyed swim
ming, bridge, and other diversions
Virginia Dean and Mrs. Thomas also
celebrated their birthday anniver
saries.
Cap and Gown, Stanford senior
women's honor society, held its an
nual house party over the week-end
;il the Soquel cabin of Mr. and Mrs.
Edwin J. Thomas in the Santa Cruz
Mountains.
Active and members at
tended the party, slept out of doors
under the stars, and enjoyed swim
ming, bridge, and other diversions
Virginia Dean and Mrs. Thomas also
celebrated their birthday anniver
saries.
Cap and Gown, Stanford senior
women's honor society, held its an
nual house party over the week-end
;il the Soquel cabin of Mr. and Mrs.
Edwin J. Thomas in the Santa Cruz
Mountains.
Active and members at
tended the party, slept out of doors
under the stars, and enjoyed swim
ming, bridge, and other diversions
Virginia Dean and Mrs. Thomas also
celebrated their birthday anniver
saries.
