# BROMFIELD A FATHER
## 
### 
PARIS, April 28. </P)— I The novel
ist, Louis Bromfield, and his wife,
the former Mary Appleton Wood,
became parents of a daughter today.
PARIS, April 28. </P)— I The novel
ist, Louis Bromfield, and his wife,
the former Mary Appleton Wood,
became parents of a daughter today.
PARIS, April 28. </P)— I The novel
ist, Louis Bromfield, and his wife,
the former Mary Appleton Wood,
became parents of a daughter today.
PARIS, April 28. </P)— I The novel
ist, Louis Bromfield, and his wife,
the former Mary Appleton Wood,
became parents of a daughter today.
PARIS, April 28. </P)— I The novel
ist, Louis Bromfield, and his wife,
the former Mary Appleton Wood,
became parents of a daughter today.
PARIS, April 28. </P)— I The novel
ist, Louis Bromfield, and his wife,
the former Mary Appleton Wood,
became parents of a daughter today.
PARIS, April 28. </P)— I The novel
ist, Louis Bromfield, and his wife,
the former Mary Appleton Wood,
became parents of a daughter today.
PARIS, April 28. </P)— I The novel
ist, Louis Bromfield, and his wife,
the former Mary Appleton Wood,
became parents of a daughter today.
PARIS, April 28. </P)— I The novel
ist, Louis Bromfield, and his wife,
the former Mary Appleton Wood,
became parents of a daughter today.
PARIS, April 28. </P)— I The novel
ist, Louis Bromfield, and his wife,
the former Mary Appleton Wood,
became parents of a daughter today.
PARIS, April 28. </P)— I The novel
ist, Louis Bromfield, and his wife,
the former Mary Appleton Wood,
became parents of a daughter today.
PARIS, April 28. </P)— I The novel
ist, Louis Bromfield, and his wife,
the former Mary Appleton Wood,
became parents of a daughter today.
PARIS, April 28. </P)— I The novel
ist, Louis Bromfield, and his wife,
the former Mary Appleton Wood,
became parents of a daughter today.
PARIS, April 28. </P)— I The novel
ist, Louis Bromfield, and his wife,
the former Mary Appleton Wood,
became parents of a daughter today.
