# Tammany Town
## 
### 
Good old New York sat still, lis
tened, perhaps pondered. MeKee,
La Guardia, O'Brien, Socialist Solo
mon, everyone and his candidate for
District Attorney spoke on. Mean
while, election time leered around
the corner; chants of coming victory
burst and swelled from every head
quarters.
Protested Major General John
O'Ryan, Irish, Democrat, La Guar
diaman, against "the attempt by any
Democratic Leader to make the
Public believe that Mr. McKee's
campaign has the approval of the
President or the national adminis
tration." McKee organizer Post
master General Farley sat in Wash
ington, said nothing; F. R., who
wants to have New York's electoral
vote in '36 Democratic, Roosevelt,
said even less.
