# COTTON STRIKE LEADER IN PARLEY
## 
### 

Dr. J. E. Helton (left) of the Pentecostal Mission and Leroy Gordon,
Corcoran strike leader, conferring on developments in the California
cotton strike situation. Nearly 10,000 strikers are out in the San Joa
quin valley. Gordon was later held for investigation. (Associated
Press Photo)

Dr. J. E. Helton (left) of the Pentecostal Mission and Leroy Gordon,
Corcoran strike leader, conferring on developments in the California
cotton strike situation. Nearly 10,000 strikers are out in the San Joa
quin valley. Gordon was later held for investigation. (Associated
Press Photo)

Dr. J. E. Helton (left) of the Pentecostal Mission and Leroy Gordon,
Corcoran strike leader, conferring on developments in the California
cotton strike situation. Nearly 10,000 strikers are out in the San Joa
quin valley. Gordon was later held for investigation. (Associated
Press Photo)

Dr. J. E. Helton (left) of the Pentecostal Mission and Leroy Gordon,
Corcoran strike leader, conferring on developments in the California
cotton strike situation. Nearly 10,000 strikers are out in the San Joa
quin valley. Gordon was later held for investigation. (Associated
Press Photo)

Dr. J. E. Helton (left) of the Pentecostal Mission and Leroy Gordon,
Corcoran strike leader, conferring on developments in the California
cotton strike situation. Nearly 10,000 strikers are out in the San Joa
quin valley. Gordon was later held for investigation. (Associated
Press Photo)

Dr. J. E. Helton (left) of the Pentecostal Mission and Leroy Gordon,
Corcoran strike leader, conferring on developments in the California
cotton strike situation. Nearly 10,000 strikers are out in the San Joa
quin valley. Gordon was later held for investigation. (Associated
Press Photo)

Dr. J. E. Helton (left) of the Pentecostal Mission and Leroy Gordon,
Corcoran strike leader, conferring on developments in the California
cotton strike situation. Nearly 10,000 strikers are out in the San Joa
quin valley. Gordon was later held for investigation. (Associated
Press Photo)

Dr. J. E. Helton (left) of the Pentecostal Mission and Leroy Gordon,
Corcoran strike leader, conferring on developments in the California
cotton strike situation. Nearly 10,000 strikers are out in the San Joa
quin valley. Gordon was later held for investigation. (Associated
Press Photo)

Dr. J. E. Helton (left) of the Pentecostal Mission and Leroy Gordon,
Corcoran strike leader, conferring on developments in the California
cotton strike situation. Nearly 10,000 strikers are out in the San Joa
quin valley. Gordon was later held for investigation. (Associated
Press Photo)

Dr. J. E. Helton (left) of the Pentecostal Mission and Leroy Gordon,
Corcoran strike leader, conferring on developments in the California
cotton strike situation. Nearly 10,000 strikers are out in the San Joa
quin valley. Gordon was later held for investigation. (Associated
Press Photo)

Dr. J. E. Helton (left) of the Pentecostal Mission and Leroy Gordon,
Corcoran strike leader, conferring on developments in the California
cotton strike situation. Nearly 10,000 strikers are out in the San Joa
quin valley. Gordon was later held for investigation. (Associated
Press Photo)

Dr. J. E. Helton (left) of the Pentecostal Mission and Leroy Gordon,
Corcoran strike leader, conferring on developments in the California
cotton strike situation. Nearly 10,000 strikers are out in the San Joa
quin valley. Gordon was later held for investigation. (Associated
Press Photo)

Dr. J. E. Helton (left) of the Pentecostal Mission and Leroy Gordon,
Corcoran strike leader, conferring on developments in the California
cotton strike situation. Nearly 10,000 strikers are out in the San Joa
quin valley. Gordon was later held for investigation. (Associated
Press Photo)

Dr. J. E. Helton (left) of the Pentecostal Mission and Leroy Gordon,
Corcoran strike leader, conferring on developments in the California
cotton strike situation. Nearly 10,000 strikers are out in the San Joa
quin valley. Gordon was later held for investigation. (Associated
Press Photo)

Dr. J. E. Helton (left) of the Pentecostal Mission and Leroy Gordon,
Corcoran strike leader, conferring on developments in the California
cotton strike situation. Nearly 10,000 strikers are out in the San Joa
quin valley. Gordon was later held for investigation. (Associated
Press Photo)
