# Strikers Quiet
## 
### 
Cotton, area news was quiet, omi
nous according to the view. Gover
nor Rolph appointed no one to fill
the place of Calprof. Mac Murray
who has gone East. Commissioner
McDonald regretted the wait, said
a quick appointment, renewing the
hope of mediation and settlement,
was the only way of relieving "the
deplorable, dangerous situation."
Around Monterey's rickety, odorous
wharves picturesque fish boats lay
idle again; their crews were on
strike again. Canners "admitted"
they had not violated the truce for
mediation. Fishermen charged can
ners had. Probable effect: "Pop"
Ernst will lack for fish.
In Watsonville nearby, applepick
ers appealed lo Tim Reardon, CRA
administrator, charged orchardists
failed to live up to a late-signed
code, threatened strike.
Cotton, area news was quiet, omi
nous according to the view. Gover
nor Rolph appointed no one to fill
the place of Calprof. Mac Murray
who has gone East. Commissioner
McDonald regretted the wait, said
a quick appointment, renewing the
hope of mediation and settlement,
was the only way of relieving "the
deplorable, dangerous situation."
Around Monterey's rickety, odorous
wharves picturesque fish boats lay
idle again; their crews were on
strike again. Canners "admitted"
they had not violated the truce for
mediation. Fishermen charged can
ners had. Probable effect: "Pop"
Ernst will lack for fish.
In Watsonville nearby, applepick
ers appealed lo Tim Reardon, CRA
administrator, charged orchardists
failed to live up to a late-signed
code, threatened strike.
Cotton, area news was quiet, omi
nous according to the view. Gover
nor Rolph appointed no one to fill
the place of Calprof. Mac Murray
who has gone East. Commissioner
McDonald regretted the wait, said
a quick appointment, renewing the
hope of mediation and settlement,
was the only way of relieving "the
deplorable, dangerous situation."
Around Monterey's rickety, odorous
wharves picturesque fish boats lay
idle again; their crews were on
strike again. Canners "admitted"
they had not violated the truce for
mediation. Fishermen charged can
ners had. Probable effect: "Pop"
Ernst will lack for fish.
In Watsonville nearby, applepick
ers appealed lo Tim Reardon, CRA
administrator, charged orchardists
failed to live up to a late-signed
code, threatened strike.
Cotton, area news was quiet, omi
nous according to the view. Gover
nor Rolph appointed no one to fill
the place of Calprof. Mac Murray
who has gone East. Commissioner
McDonald regretted the wait, said
a quick appointment, renewing the
hope of mediation and settlement,
was the only way of relieving "the
deplorable, dangerous situation."
Around Monterey's rickety, odorous
wharves picturesque fish boats lay
idle again; their crews were on
strike again. Canners "admitted"
they had not violated the truce for
mediation. Fishermen charged can
ners had. Probable effect: "Pop"
Ernst will lack for fish.
In Watsonville nearby, applepick
ers appealed lo Tim Reardon, CRA
administrator, charged orchardists
failed to live up to a late-signed
code, threatened strike.
Cotton, area news was quiet, omi
nous according to the view. Gover
nor Rolph appointed no one to fill
the place of Calprof. Mac Murray
who has gone East. Commissioner
McDonald regretted the wait, said
a quick appointment, renewing the
hope of mediation and settlement,
was the only way of relieving "the
deplorable, dangerous situation."
Around Monterey's rickety, odorous
wharves picturesque fish boats lay
idle again; their crews were on
strike again. Canners "admitted"
they had not violated the truce for
mediation. Fishermen charged can
ners had. Probable effect: "Pop"
Ernst will lack for fish.
In Watsonville nearby, applepick
ers appealed lo Tim Reardon, CRA
administrator, charged orchardists
failed to live up to a late-signed
code, threatened strike.
Cotton, area news was quiet, omi
nous according to the view. Gover
nor Rolph appointed no one to fill
the place of Calprof. Mac Murray
who has gone East. Commissioner
McDonald regretted the wait, said
a quick appointment, renewing the
hope of mediation and settlement,
was the only way of relieving "the
deplorable, dangerous situation."
Around Monterey's rickety, odorous
wharves picturesque fish boats lay
idle again; their crews were on
strike again. Canners "admitted"
they had not violated the truce for
mediation. Fishermen charged can
ners had. Probable effect: "Pop"
Ernst will lack for fish.
In Watsonville nearby, applepick
ers appealed lo Tim Reardon, CRA
administrator, charged orchardists
failed to live up to a late-signed
code, threatened strike.
Cotton, area news was quiet, omi
nous according to the view. Gover
nor Rolph appointed no one to fill
the place of Calprof. Mac Murray
who has gone East. Commissioner
McDonald regretted the wait, said
a quick appointment, renewing the
hope of mediation and settlement,
was the only way of relieving "the
deplorable, dangerous situation."
Around Monterey's rickety, odorous
wharves picturesque fish boats lay
idle again; their crews were on
strike again. Canners "admitted"
they had not violated the truce for
mediation. Fishermen charged can
ners had. Probable effect: "Pop"
Ernst will lack for fish.
In Watsonville nearby, applepick
ers appealed lo Tim Reardon, CRA
administrator, charged orchardists
failed to live up to a late-signed
code, threatened strike.
Cotton, area news was quiet, omi
nous according to the view. Gover
nor Rolph appointed no one to fill
the place of Calprof. Mac Murray
who has gone East. Commissioner
McDonald regretted the wait, said
a quick appointment, renewing the
hope of mediation and settlement,
was the only way of relieving "the
deplorable, dangerous situation."
Around Monterey's rickety, odorous
wharves picturesque fish boats lay
idle again; their crews were on
strike again. Canners "admitted"
they had not violated the truce for
mediation. Fishermen charged can
ners had. Probable effect: "Pop"
Ernst will lack for fish.
In Watsonville nearby, applepick
ers appealed lo Tim Reardon, CRA
administrator, charged orchardists
failed to live up to a late-signed
code, threatened strike.
Cotton, area news was quiet, omi
nous according to the view. Gover
nor Rolph appointed no one to fill
the place of Calprof. Mac Murray
who has gone East. Commissioner
McDonald regretted the wait, said
a quick appointment, renewing the
hope of mediation and settlement,
was the only way of relieving "the
deplorable, dangerous situation."
Around Monterey's rickety, odorous
wharves picturesque fish boats lay
idle again; their crews were on
strike again. Canners "admitted"
they had not violated the truce for
mediation. Fishermen charged can
ners had. Probable effect: "Pop"
Ernst will lack for fish.
In Watsonville nearby, applepick
ers appealed lo Tim Reardon, CRA
administrator, charged orchardists
failed to live up to a late-signed
code, threatened strike.
Cotton, area news was quiet, omi
nous according to the view. Gover
nor Rolph appointed no one to fill
the place of Calprof. Mac Murray
who has gone East. Commissioner
McDonald regretted the wait, said
a quick appointment, renewing the
hope of mediation and settlement,
was the only way of relieving "the
deplorable, dangerous situation."
Around Monterey's rickety, odorous
wharves picturesque fish boats lay
idle again; their crews were on
strike again. Canners "admitted"
they had not violated the truce for
mediation. Fishermen charged can
ners had. Probable effect: "Pop"
Ernst will lack for fish.
In Watsonville nearby, applepick
ers appealed lo Tim Reardon, CRA
administrator, charged orchardists
failed to live up to a late-signed
code, threatened strike.
Cotton, area news was quiet, omi
nous according to the view. Gover
nor Rolph appointed no one to fill
the place of Calprof. Mac Murray
who has gone East. Commissioner
McDonald regretted the wait, said
a quick appointment, renewing the
hope of mediation and settlement,
was the only way of relieving "the
deplorable, dangerous situation."
Around Monterey's rickety, odorous
wharves picturesque fish boats lay
idle again; their crews were on
strike again. Canners "admitted"
they had not violated the truce for
mediation. Fishermen charged can
ners had. Probable effect: "Pop"
Ernst will lack for fish.
In Watsonville nearby, applepick
ers appealed lo Tim Reardon, CRA
administrator, charged orchardists
failed to live up to a late-signed
code, threatened strike.
Cotton, area news was quiet, omi
nous according to the view. Gover
nor Rolph appointed no one to fill
the place of Calprof. Mac Murray
who has gone East. Commissioner
McDonald regretted the wait, said
a quick appointment, renewing the
hope of mediation and settlement,
was the only way of relieving "the
deplorable, dangerous situation."
Around Monterey's rickety, odorous
wharves picturesque fish boats lay
idle again; their crews were on
strike again. Canners "admitted"
they had not violated the truce for
mediation. Fishermen charged can
ners had. Probable effect: "Pop"
Ernst will lack for fish.
In Watsonville nearby, applepick
Cotton, area news was quiet, omi
nous according to the view. Gover
nor Rolph appointed no one to fill
the place of Calprof. Mac Murray
who has gone East. Commissioner
McDonald regretted the wait, said
a quick appointment, renewing the
hope of mediation and settlement,
was the only way of relieving "the
deplorable, dangerous situation."
Around Monterey's rickety, odorous
wharves picturesque fish boats lay
idle again; their crews were on
strike again. Canners "admitted"
they had not violated the truce for
mediation. Fishermen charged can
ners had. Probable effect: "Pop"
Ernst will lack for fish.
In Watsonville nearby, applepick
ers appealed lo Tim Reardon, CRA
administrator, charged orchardists
failed to live up to a late-signed
code, threatened strike.
ers appealed lo Tim Reardon, CRA
administrator, charged orchardists
failed to live up to a late-signed
code, threatened strike.
Cotton, area news was quiet, omi
nous according to the view. Gover
nor Rolph appointed no one to fill
the place of Calprof. Mac Murray
who has gone East. Commissioner
McDonald regretted the wait, said
a quick appointment, renewing the
hope of mediation and settlement,
was the only way of relieving "the
deplorable, dangerous situation."
Around Monterey's rickety, odorous
wharves picturesque fish boats lay
idle again; their crews were on
strike again. Canners "admitted"
they had not violated the truce for
mediation. Fishermen charged can
ners had. Probable effect: "Pop"
Ernst will lack for fish.
In Watsonville nearby, applepick
ers appealed lo Tim Reardon, CRA
administrator, charged orchardists
failed to live up to a late-signed
code, threatened strike.
Cotton, area news was quiet, omi
nous according to the view. Gover
nor Rolph appointed no one to fill
the place of Calprof. Mac Murray
who has gone East. Commissioner
McDonald regretted the wait, said
a quick appointment, renewing the
hope of mediation and settlement,
was the only way of relieving "the
deplorable, dangerous situation."
Around Monterey's rickety, odorous
wharves picturesque fish boats lay
idle again; their crews were on
strike again. Canners "admitted"
they had not violated the truce for
mediation. Fishermen charged can
ners had. Probable effect: "Pop"
Ernst will lack for fish.
In Watsonville nearby, applepick
ers appealed lo Tim Reardon, CRA
administrator, charged orchardists
failed to live up to a late-signed
code, threatened strike.
