# DISTURBED
## 
### 

Edward Daladier, French premier,
leads his country's feeling of un
rest at the recent manifestos of
Germany concerning disarmament
and the Versailles treaty. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Edward Daladier, French premier,
leads his country's feeling of un
rest at the recent manifestos of
Germany concerning disarmament
and the Versailles treaty. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Edward Daladier, French premier,
leads his country's feeling of un
rest at the recent manifestos of
Germany concerning disarmament
and the Versailles treaty. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Edward Daladier, French premier,
leads his country's feeling of un
rest at the recent manifestos of
Germany concerning disarmament
and the Versailles treaty. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Edward Daladier, French premier,
leads his country's feeling of un
rest at the recent manifestos of
Germany concerning disarmament
and the Versailles treaty. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Edward Daladier, French premier,
leads his country's feeling of un
rest at the recent manifestos of
Germany concerning disarmament
and the Versailles treaty. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Edward Daladier, French premier,
leads his country's feeling of un
rest at the recent manifestos of
Germany concerning disarmament
and the Versailles treaty. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Edward Daladier, French premier,
leads his country's feeling of un
rest at the recent manifestos of
Germany concerning disarmament
and the Versailles treaty. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Edward Daladier, French premier,
leads his country's feeling of un
rest at the recent manifestos of
Germany concerning disarmament
and the Versailles treaty. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Edward Daladier, French premier,
leads his country's feeling of un
rest at the recent manifestos of
Germany concerning disarmament
and the Versailles treaty. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Edward Daladier, French premier,
leads his country's feeling of un
rest at the recent manifestos of
Germany concerning disarmament
and the Versailles treaty. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Edward Daladier, French premier,
leads his country's feeling of un
rest at the recent manifestos of
Germany concerning disarmament
and the Versailles treaty. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Edward Daladier, French premier,
leads his country's feeling of un
rest at the recent manifestos of
Germany concerning disarmament
and the Versailles treaty. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Edward Daladier, French premier,
leads his country's feeling of un
rest at the recent manifestos of
Germany concerning disarmament
and the Versailles treaty. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)

Edward Daladier, French premier,
leads his country's feeling of un
rest at the recent manifestos of
Germany concerning disarmament
and the Versailles treaty. (Asso
ciated Press Photo)
