# IN DANGEROUS POSITION
## 
### 

Chancellor Dollfus of Austria, with wife, recently wounded in assassi
nation attempt (gunman in inset), is setting over a hot spot in Central
European affairs as the leader of his country's policy in connection with
that of Adolph Hitler, German chancellor. (Associated Press Photo)

Chancellor Dollfus of Austria, with wife, recently wounded in assassi
nation attempt (gunman in inset), is setting over a hot spot in Central
European affairs as the leader of his country's policy in connection with
that of Adolph Hitler, German chancellor. (Associated Press Photo)

Chancellor Dollfus of Austria, with wife, recently wounded in assassi
nation attempt (gunman in inset), is setting over a hot spot in Central
European affairs as the leader of his country's policy in connection with
that of Adolph Hitler, German chancellor. (Associated Press Photo)

Chancellor Dollfus of Austria, with wife, recently wounded in assassi
nation attempt (gunman in inset), is setting over a hot spot in Central
European affairs as the leader of his country's policy in connection with
that of Adolph Hitler, German chancellor. (Associated Press Photo)

Chancellor Dollfus of Austria, with wife, recently wounded in assassi
nation attempt (gunman in inset), is setting over a hot spot in Central
European affairs as the leader of his country's policy in connection with
that of Adolph Hitler, German chancellor. (Associated Press Photo)

Chancellor Dollfus of Austria, with wife, recently wounded in assassi
nation attempt (gunman in inset), is setting over a hot spot in Central
European affairs as the leader of his country's policy in connection with
that of Adolph Hitler, German chancellor. (Associated Press Photo)

Chancellor Dollfus of Austria, with wife, recently wounded in assassi
nation attempt (gunman in inset), is setting over a hot spot in Central
European affairs as the leader of his country's policy in connection with
that of Adolph Hitler, German chancellor. (Associated Press Photo)

Chancellor Dollfus of Austria, with wife, recently wounded in assassi
nation attempt (gunman in inset), is setting over a hot spot in Central
European affairs as the leader of his country's policy in connection with
that of Adolph Hitler, German chancellor. (Associated Press Photo)

Chancellor Dollfus of Austria, with wife, recently wounded in assassi
nation attempt (gunman in inset), is setting over a hot spot in Central
European affairs as the leader of his country's policy in connection with
that of Adolph Hitler, German chancellor. (Associated Press Photo)

Chancellor Dollfus of Austria, with wife, recently wounded in assassi
nation attempt (gunman in inset), is setting over a hot spot in Central
European affairs as the leader of his country's policy in connection with
that of Adolph Hitler, German chancellor. (Associated Press Photo)

Chancellor Dollfus of Austria, with wife, recently wounded in assassi
nation attempt (gunman in inset), is setting over a hot spot in Central
European affairs as the leader of his country's policy in connection with
that of Adolph Hitler, German chancellor. (Associated Press Photo)

Chancellor Dollfus of Austria, with wife, recently wounded in assassi
nation attempt (gunman in inset), is setting over a hot spot in Central
European affairs as the leader of his country's policy in connection with
that of Adolph Hitler, German chancellor. (Associated Press Photo)

Chancellor Dollfus of Austria, with wife, recently wounded in assassi
nation attempt (gunman in inset), is setting over a hot spot in Central
European affairs as the leader of his country's policy in connection with
that of Adolph Hitler, German chancellor. (Associated Press Photo)

Chancellor Dollfus of Austria, with wife, recently wounded in assassi
nation attempt (gunman in inset), is setting over a hot spot in Central
European affairs as the leader of his country's policy in connection with
that of Adolph Hitler, German chancellor. (Associated Press Photo)

Chancellor Dollfus of Austria, with wife, recently wounded in assassi
nation attempt (gunman in inset), is setting over a hot spot in Central
European affairs as the leader of his country's policy in connection with
that of Adolph Hitler, German chancellor. (Associated Press Photo)
