# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
AHA, FOILED
AGAIN!
— for the whistling, winter
winds are "stopped cold" by
these new and finer
Cravenette
Trench Coats
Be sure to sea the latest—in
navy blue!
$10.95
Rocks Bro4
Eneina Shop
Hrt. 12-8 P.M.
AHA, FOILED
AGAIN!
— for the whistling, winter
winds are "stopped cold" by
these new and finer
Cravenette
Trench Coats
Be sure to sea the latest—in
navy blue!
$10.95
Rocks Bro4
Eneina Shop
Hrt. 12-8 P.M.
AHA, FOILED
AGAIN!
— for the whistling, winter
winds are "stopped cold" by
these new and finer
Cravenette
Trench Coats
Be sure to sea the latest—in
navy blue!
$10.95
Rocks Bro4
Eneina Shop
Hrt. 12-8 P.M.
AHA, FOILED
AGAIN!
— for the whistling, winter
winds are "stopped cold" by
these new and finer
Cravenette
Trench Coats
Be sure to sea the latest—in
navy blue!
$10.95
Rocks Bro4
Eneina Shop
Hrt. 12-8 P.M.
AHA, FOILED
AGAIN!
— for the whistling, winter
winds are "stopped cold" by
these new and finer
Cravenette
Trench Coats
Be sure to sea the latest—in
navy blue!
$10.95
Rocks Bro4
Eneina Shop
Hrt. 12-8 P.M.
AHA, FOILED
AGAIN!
— for the whistling, winter
winds are "stopped cold" by
these new and finer
Cravenette
Trench Coats
Be sure to sea the latest—in
navy blue!
$10.95
Rocks Bro4
Eneina Shop
Hrt. 12-8 P.M.
AHA, FOILED
AGAIN!
— for the whistling, winter
winds are "stopped cold" by
these new and finer
Cravenette
Trench Coats
Be sure to sea the latest—in
navy blue!
$10.95
Rocks Bro4
Eneina Shop
Hrt. 12-8 P.M.
AHA, FOILED
AGAIN!
— for the whistling, winter
winds are "stopped cold" by
these new and finer
Cravenette
Trench Coats
Be sure to sea the latest—in
navy blue!
$10.95
Rocks Bro4
Eneina Shop
Hrt. 12-8 P.M.
AHA, FOILED
AGAIN!
— for the whistling, winter
winds are "stopped cold" by
these new and finer
Cravenette
Trench Coats
Be sure to sea the latest—in
navy blue!
$10.95
Rocks Bro4
Eneina Shop
Hrt. 12-8 P.M.
AHA, FOILED
AGAIN!
— for the whistling, winter
winds are "stopped cold" by
these new and finer
Cravenette
Trench Coats
Be sure to sea the latest—in
navy blue!
$10.95
Rocks Bro4
Eneina Shop
Hrt. 12-8 P.M.
AHA, FOILED
AGAIN!
— for the whistling, winter
winds are "stopped cold" by
these new and finer
Cravenette
Trench Coats
Be sure to sea the latest—in
navy blue!
$10.95
Rocks Bro4
Eneina Shop
Hrt. 12-8 P.M.
AHA, FOILED
AGAIN!
— for the whistling, winter
winds are "stopped cold" by
these new and finer
Cravenette
Trench Coats
Be sure to sea the latest—in
navy blue!
$10.95
Rocks Bro4
Eneina Shop
Hrt. 12-8 P.M.
AHA, FOILED
AGAIN!
— for the whistling, winter
winds are "stopped cold" by
these new and finer
Cravenette
Trench Coats
Be sure to sea the latest—in
navy blue!
$10.95
Rocks Bro4
Eneina Shop
Hrt. 12-8 P.M.
AHA, FOILED
AGAIN!
— for the whistling, winter
winds are "stopped cold" by
these new and finer
Cravenette
Trench Coats
Be sure to sea the latest—in
navy blue!
$10.95
Rocks Bro4
Eneina Shop
Hrt. 12-8 P.M.
AHA, FOILED
AGAIN!
— for the whistling, winter
winds are "stopped cold" by
these new and finer
Cravenette
Trench Coats
Be sure to sea the latest—in
navy blue!
$10.95
Rocks Bro4
Eneina Shop
Hrt. 12-8 P.M.
