# The 						Stanford Daily Sporting World
## Bears Run Wild against Pacific 
### 

California s undefeated and untied toothall team came within one point of reaching Alonzo Stagg's proph
ecy that his team would be beaten 40-0, when they do wned the Pacific Tigers 39-0. Howard, Bear fullback,
is shown making a ten-yard gain and a first down. (A ssoeiated Press Photo.)

California s undefeated and untied toothall team came within one point of reaching Alonzo Stagg's proph
ecy that his team would be beaten 40-0, when they do wned the Pacific Tigers 39-0. Howard, Bear fullback,
is shown making a ten-yard gain and a first down. (A ssoeiated Press Photo.)

California s undefeated and untied toothall team came within one point of reaching Alonzo Stagg's proph
ecy that his team would be beaten 40-0, when they do wned the Pacific Tigers 39-0. Howard, Bear fullback,
is shown making a ten-yard gain and a first down. (A ssoeiated Press Photo.)

California s undefeated and untied toothall team came within one point of reaching Alonzo Stagg's proph
ecy that his team would be beaten 40-0, when they do wned the Pacific Tigers 39-0. Howard, Bear fullback,
is shown making a ten-yard gain and a first down. (A ssoeiated Press Photo.)

California s undefeated and untied toothall team came within one point of reaching Alonzo Stagg's proph
ecy that his team would be beaten 40-0, when they do wned the Pacific Tigers 39-0. Howard, Bear fullback,
is shown making a ten-yard gain and a first down. (A ssoeiated Press Photo.)

California s undefeated and untied toothall team came within one point of reaching Alonzo Stagg's proph
ecy that his team would be beaten 40-0, when they do wned the Pacific Tigers 39-0. Howard, Bear fullback,
is shown making a ten-yard gain and a first down. (A ssoeiated Press Photo.)

California s undefeated and untied toothall team came within one point of reaching Alonzo Stagg's proph
ecy that his team would be beaten 40-0, when they do wned the Pacific Tigers 39-0. Howard, Bear fullback,
is shown making a ten-yard gain and a first down. (A ssoeiated Press Photo.)

California s undefeated and untied toothall team came within one point of reaching Alonzo Stagg's proph
ecy that his team would be beaten 40-0, when they do wned the Pacific Tigers 39-0. Howard, Bear fullback,
is shown making a ten-yard gain and a first down. (A ssoeiated Press Photo.)

California s undefeated and untied toothall team came within one point of reaching Alonzo Stagg's proph
ecy that his team would be beaten 40-0, when they do wned the Pacific Tigers 39-0. Howard, Bear fullback,
is shown making a ten-yard gain and a first down. (A ssoeiated Press Photo.)

California s undefeated and untied toothall team came within one point of reaching Alonzo Stagg's proph
ecy that his team would be beaten 40-0, when they do wned the Pacific Tigers 39-0. Howard, Bear fullback,
is shown making a ten-yard gain and a first down. (A ssoeiated Press Photo.)

California s undefeated and untied toothall team came within one point of reaching Alonzo Stagg's proph
ecy that his team would be beaten 40-0, when they do wned the Pacific Tigers 39-0. Howard, Bear fullback,
is shown making a ten-yard gain and a first down. (A ssoeiated Press Photo.)

California s undefeated and untied toothall team came within one point of reaching Alonzo Stagg's proph
ecy that his team would be beaten 40-0, when they do wned the Pacific Tigers 39-0. Howard, Bear fullback,
is shown making a ten-yard gain and a first down. (A ssoeiated Press Photo.)

California s undefeated and untied toothall team came within one point of reaching Alonzo Stagg's proph
ecy that his team would be beaten 40-0, when they do wned the Pacific Tigers 39-0. Howard, Bear fullback,
is shown making a ten-yard gain and a first down. (A ssoeiated Press Photo.)

California s undefeated and untied toothall team came within one point of reaching Alonzo Stagg's proph
ecy that his team would be beaten 40-0, when they do wned the Pacific Tigers 39-0. Howard, Bear fullback,
is shown making a ten-yard gain and a first down. (A ssoeiated Press Photo.)

California s undefeated and untied toothall team came within one point of reaching Alonzo Stagg's proph
ecy that his team would be beaten 40-0, when they do wned the Pacific Tigers 39-0. Howard, Bear fullback,
is shown making a ten-yard gain and a first down. (A ssoeiated Press Photo.)
