# Yard Gainer
## 
### 

Fred Williams, plunging Indian
fullback, gained 121 yards in 25
carries against Montana on Satur
day and greatly aided in the .'52-0
win.

Fred Williams, plunging Indian
fullback, gained 121 yards in 25
carries against Montana on Satur
day and greatly aided in the .'52-0
win.

Fred Williams, plunging Indian
fullback, gained 121 yards in 25
carries against Montana on Satur
day and greatly aided in the .'52-0
win.

Fred Williams, plunging Indian
fullback, gained 121 yards in 25
carries against Montana on Satur
day and greatly aided in the .'52-0
win.

Fred Williams, plunging Indian
fullback, gained 121 yards in 25
carries against Montana on Satur
day and greatly aided in the .'52-0
win.

Fred Williams, plunging Indian
fullback, gained 121 yards in 25
carries against Montana on Satur
day and greatly aided in the .'52-0
win.

Fred Williams, plunging Indian
fullback, gained 121 yards in 25
carries against Montana on Satur
day and greatly aided in the .'52-0
win.

Fred Williams, plunging Indian
fullback, gained 121 yards in 25
carries against Montana on Satur
day and greatly aided in the .'52-0
win.

Fred Williams, plunging Indian
fullback, gained 121 yards in 25
carries against Montana on Satur
day and greatly aided in the .'52-0
win.

Fred Williams, plunging Indian
fullback, gained 121 yards in 25
carries against Montana on Satur
day and greatly aided in the .'52-0
win.

Fred Williams, plunging Indian
fullback, gained 121 yards in 25
carries against Montana on Satur
day and greatly aided in the .'52-0
win.

Fred Williams, plunging Indian
fullback, gained 121 yards in 25
carries against Montana on Satur
day and greatly aided in the .'52-0
win.

Fred Williams, plunging Indian
fullback, gained 121 yards in 25
carries against Montana on Satur
day and greatly aided in the .'52-0
win.

Fred Williams, plunging Indian
fullback, gained 121 yards in 25
carries against Montana on Satur
day and greatly aided in the .'52-0
win.

Fred Williams, plunging Indian
fullback, gained 121 yards in 25
carries against Montana on Satur
day and greatly aided in the .'52-0
win.
