# Magazine Articles Written by Alumni.
## 
### 
Several articles by Stanford writ
ers have appeared in the current!
magazines for January. The Sunset
Magazine, edited by C. K. Field, '95,
contains three verses by Stanford
alumni; "The Book-lover's Calendar,"
by Laura B. Everett, '01; "Two Motor
Songs," by Winifred Webb, '97, and
"The Call of the Land," by Lewis
Freeman, ex-'99. Lewis Freeman has
also an article called "Riding Over the
High Ancles" in the latest number of
the Overland Monthly. In the same
issue appears a poem, "In Arcady," by
Miss D. Gunnell, '14.
An article called "Miss Deaver and
the Hotel Maid," in the latest Harp
er's Weekly, is by Sarah Comstock,
'96; and the January number of Mc-
Cluro's Magazine contains the last
installment of "Thrown to the Lions,"
a serial by Wallace Irwin, ex-'OO.
Several articles by Stanford writ
ers have appeared in the current!
magazines for January. The Sunset
Magazine, edited by C. K. Field, '95,
contains three verses by Stanford
alumni; "The Book-lover's Calendar,"
by Laura B. Everett, '01; "Two Motor
Songs," by Winifred Webb, '97, and
"The Call of the Land," by Lewis
Freeman, ex-'99. Lewis Freeman has
also an article called "Riding Over the
High Ancles" in the latest number of
the Overland Monthly. In the same
issue appears a poem, "In Arcady," by
Miss D. Gunnell, '14.
An article called "Miss Deaver and
the Hotel Maid," in the latest Harp
er's Weekly, is by Sarah Comstock,
'96; and the January number of Mc-
Cluro's Magazine contains the last
installment of "Thrown to the Lions,"
a serial by Wallace Irwin, ex-'OO.
Several articles by Stanford writ
ers have appeared in the current!
magazines for January. The Sunset
Magazine, edited by C. K. Field, '95,
contains three verses by Stanford
alumni; "The Book-lover's Calendar,"
by Laura B. Everett, '01; "Two Motor
Songs," by Winifred Webb, '97, and
"The Call of the Land," by Lewis
Freeman, ex-'99. Lewis Freeman has
also an article called "Riding Over the
High Ancles" in the latest number of
the Overland Monthly. In the same
issue appears a poem, "In Arcady," by
Miss D. Gunnell, '14.
An article called "Miss Deaver and
the Hotel Maid," in the latest Harp
er's Weekly, is by Sarah Comstock,
'96; and the January number of Mc-
Cluro's Magazine contains the last
installment of "Thrown to the Lions,"
a serial by Wallace Irwin, ex-'OO.
Several articles by Stanford writ
ers have appeared in the current!
magazines for January. The Sunset
Magazine, edited by C. K. Field, '95,
contains three verses by Stanford
alumni; "The Book-lover's Calendar,"
by Laura B. Everett, '01; "Two Motor
Songs," by Winifred Webb, '97, and
"The Call of the Land," by Lewis
Freeman, ex-'99. Lewis Freeman has
also an article called "Riding Over the
High Ancles" in the latest number of
the Overland Monthly. In the same
issue appears a poem, "In Arcady," by
Miss D. Gunnell, '14.
An article called "Miss Deaver and
the Hotel Maid," in the latest Harp
er's Weekly, is by Sarah Comstock,
'96; and the January number of Mc-
Cluro's Magazine contains the last
installment of "Thrown to the Lions,"
a serial by Wallace Irwin, ex-'OO.
Several articles by Stanford writ
ers have appeared in the current!
magazines for January. The Sunset
Magazine, edited by C. K. Field, '95,
contains three verses by Stanford
alumni; "The Book-lover's Calendar,"
by Laura B. Everett, '01; "Two Motor
Songs," by Winifred Webb, '97, and
"The Call of the Land," by Lewis
Freeman, ex-'99. Lewis Freeman has
also an article called "Riding Over the
High Ancles" in the latest number of
the Overland Monthly. In the same
issue appears a poem, "In Arcady," by
Miss D. Gunnell, '14.
An article called "Miss Deaver and
the Hotel Maid," in the latest Harp
er's Weekly, is by Sarah Comstock,
'96; and the January number of Mc-
Cluro's Magazine contains the last
installment of "Thrown to the Lions,"
a serial by Wallace Irwin, ex-'OO.
Several articles by Stanford writ
ers have appeared in the current!
magazines for January. The Sunset
Magazine, edited by C. K. Field, '95,
contains three verses by Stanford
alumni; "The Book-lover's Calendar,"
by Laura B. Everett, '01; "Two Motor
Songs," by Winifred Webb, '97, and
"The Call of the Land," by Lewis
Freeman, ex-'99. Lewis Freeman has
also an article called "Riding Over the
High Ancles" in the latest number of
the Overland Monthly. In the same
issue appears a poem, "In Arcady," by
Miss D. Gunnell, '14.
An article called "Miss Deaver and
the Hotel Maid," in the latest Harp
er's Weekly, is by Sarah Comstock,
'96; and the January number of Mc-
Cluro's Magazine contains the last
installment of "Thrown to the Lions,"
a serial by Wallace Irwin, ex-'OO.
Several articles by Stanford writ
ers have appeared in the current!
magazines for January. The Sunset
Magazine, edited by C. K. Field, '95,
contains three verses by Stanford
alumni; "The Book-lover's Calendar,"
by Laura B. Everett, '01; "Two Motor
Songs," by Winifred Webb, '97, and
"The Call of the Land," by Lewis
Freeman, ex-'99. Lewis Freeman has
also an article called "Riding Over the
High Ancles" in the latest number of
the Overland Monthly. In the same
issue appears a poem, "In Arcady," by
Miss D. Gunnell, '14.
An article called "Miss Deaver and
the Hotel Maid," in the latest Harp
er's Weekly, is by Sarah Comstock,
'96; and the January number of Mc-
Cluro's Magazine contains the last
installment of "Thrown to the Lions,"
a serial by Wallace Irwin, ex-'OO.
Several articles by Stanford writ
ers have appeared in the current!
magazines for January. The Sunset
Magazine, edited by C. K. Field, '95,
contains three verses by Stanford
alumni; "The Book-lover's Calendar,"
by Laura B. Everett, '01; "Two Motor
Songs," by Winifred Webb, '97, and
"The Call of the Land," by Lewis
Freeman, ex-'99. Lewis Freeman has
also an article called "Riding Over the
High Ancles" in the latest number of
the Overland Monthly. In the same
issue appears a poem, "In Arcady," by
Miss D. Gunnell, '14.
An article called "Miss Deaver and
the Hotel Maid," in the latest Harp
er's Weekly, is by Sarah Comstock,
'96; and the January number of Mc-
Cluro's Magazine contains the last
installment of "Thrown to the Lions,"
a serial by Wallace Irwin, ex-'OO.
Several articles by Stanford writ
ers have appeared in the current!
magazines for January. The Sunset
Magazine, edited by C. K. Field, '95,
contains three verses by Stanford
alumni; "The Book-lover's Calendar,"
by Laura B. Everett, '01; "Two Motor
Songs," by Winifred Webb, '97, and
"The Call of the Land," by Lewis
Freeman, ex-'99. Lewis Freeman has
also an article called "Riding Over the
High Ancles" in the latest number of
the Overland Monthly. In the same
issue appears a poem, "In Arcady," by
Miss D. Gunnell, '14.
An article called "Miss Deaver and
the Hotel Maid," in the latest Harp
er's Weekly, is by Sarah Comstock,
'96; and the January number of Mc-
Cluro's Magazine contains the last
installment of "Thrown to the Lions,"
a serial by Wallace Irwin, ex-'OO.
Several articles by Stanford writ
ers have appeared in the current!
magazines for January. The Sunset
Magazine, edited by C. K. Field, '95,
contains three verses by Stanford
alumni; "The Book-lover's Calendar,"
by Laura B. Everett, '01; "Two Motor
Songs," by Winifred Webb, '97, and
"The Call of the Land," by Lewis
Freeman, ex-'99. Lewis Freeman has
also an article called "Riding Over the
High Ancles" in the latest number of
the Overland Monthly. In the same
issue appears a poem, "In Arcady," by
Miss D. Gunnell, '14.
An article called "Miss Deaver and
the Hotel Maid," in the latest Harp
er's Weekly, is by Sarah Comstock,
'96; and the January number of Mc-
Cluro's Magazine contains the last
installment of "Thrown to the Lions,"
a serial by Wallace Irwin, ex-'OO.
Several articles by Stanford writ
ers have appeared in the current!
magazines for January. The Sunset
Magazine, edited by C. K. Field, '95,
contains three verses by Stanford
alumni; "The Book-lover's Calendar,"
by Laura B. Everett, '01; "Two Motor
Songs," by Winifred Webb, '97, and
"The Call of the Land," by Lewis
Freeman, ex-'99. Lewis Freeman has
also an article called "Riding Over the
High Ancles" in the latest number of
the Overland Monthly. In the same
issue appears a poem, "In Arcady," by
Miss D. Gunnell, '14.
An article called "Miss Deaver and
the Hotel Maid," in the latest Harp
er's Weekly, is by Sarah Comstock,
'96; and the January number of Mc-
Cluro's Magazine contains the last
installment of "Thrown to the Lions,"
a serial by Wallace Irwin, ex-'OO.
Several articles by Stanford writ
ers have appeared in the current!
magazines for January. The Sunset
Magazine, edited by C. K. Field, '95,
contains three verses by Stanford
alumni; "The Book-lover's Calendar,"
by Laura B. Everett, '01; "Two Motor
Songs," by Winifred Webb, '97, and
"The Call of the Land," by Lewis
Freeman, ex-'99. Lewis Freeman has
also an article called "Riding Over the
High Ancles" in the latest number of
the Overland Monthly. In the same
issue appears a poem, "In Arcady," by
Miss D. Gunnell, '14.
An article called "Miss Deaver and
the Hotel Maid," in the latest Harp
er's Weekly, is by Sarah Comstock,
'96; and the January number of Mc-
Cluro's Magazine contains the last
installment of "Thrown to the Lions,"
a serial by Wallace Irwin, ex-'OO.
Several articles by Stanford writ
ers have appeared in the current!
magazines for January. The Sunset
Magazine, edited by C. K. Field, '95,
contains three verses by Stanford
alumni; "The Book-lover's Calendar,"
by Laura B. Everett, '01; "Two Motor
Songs," by Winifred Webb, '97, and
"The Call of the Land," by Lewis
Freeman, ex-'99. Lewis Freeman has
also an article called "Riding Over the
High Ancles" in the latest number of
the Overland Monthly. In the same
issue appears a poem, "In Arcady," by
Miss D. Gunnell, '14.
An article called "Miss Deaver and
the Hotel Maid," in the latest Harp
er's Weekly, is by Sarah Comstock,
'96; and the January number of Mc-
Cluro's Magazine contains the last
installment of "Thrown to the Lions,"
a serial by Wallace Irwin, ex-'OO.
