# PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS SET FOR WOMEN ATHLETES
## Date for Next Intercollegiate Tennis Tournament Will be Decided This Week. 
### 
In order that the announcement re
cently given out concerning the qual
ifications of women candidates for
intercollegiate teams may not he mis
understood, the Women's Athletic
Association wishes to add that all
women candidates for intercollegiate
teams will still he required to take
some kind of work in physical train
ing twice a week for two months be
fore contests in order to satisfy a
rule of the Board of Health. The rul
ing of the Women's Athletic Associa
tion merely excused the girls from
compulsory basketball or tennis prac
tice.
The date of the intercollegiate ten
nis tournament will probably tie
changed to the first week in April on
account of the track meet. This mat
ter will he discussed by two repre
sentatives from the University of
California who will meet Stanford
representatives on the campus the
first of the week.
In order that the announcement re
cently given out concerning the qual
ifications of women candidates for
intercollegiate teams may not he mis
understood, the Women's Athletic
Association wishes to add that all
women candidates for intercollegiate
teams will still he required to take
some kind of work in physical train
ing twice a week for two months be
fore contests in order to satisfy a
rule of the Board of Health. The rul
ing of the Women's Athletic Associa
tion merely excused the girls from
compulsory basketball or tennis prac
tice.
The date of the intercollegiate ten
nis tournament will probably tie
changed to the first week in April on
account of the track meet. This mat
ter will he discussed by two repre
sentatives from the University of
California who will meet Stanford
representatives on the campus the
first of the week.
In order that the announcement re
cently given out concerning the qual
ifications of women candidates for
intercollegiate teams may not he mis
understood, the Women's Athletic
Association wishes to add that all
women candidates for intercollegiate
teams will still he required to take
some kind of work in physical train
ing twice a week for two months be
fore contests in order to satisfy a
rule of the Board of Health. The rul
ing of the Women's Athletic Associa
tion merely excused the girls from
compulsory basketball or tennis prac
tice.
The date of the intercollegiate ten
nis tournament will probably tie
changed to the first week in April on
account of the track meet. This mat
ter will he discussed by two repre
sentatives from the University of
California who will meet Stanford
representatives on the campus the
first of the week.
In order that the announcement re
cently given out concerning the qual
ifications of women candidates for
intercollegiate teams may not he mis
understood, the Women's Athletic
Association wishes to add that all
women candidates for intercollegiate
teams will still he required to take
some kind of work in physical train
ing twice a week for two months be
fore contests in order to satisfy a
rule of the Board of Health. The rul
ing of the Women's Athletic Associa
tion merely excused the girls from
compulsory basketball or tennis prac
tice.
The date of the intercollegiate ten
nis tournament will probably tie
changed to the first week in April on
account of the track meet. This mat
ter will he discussed by two repre
sentatives from the University of
California who will meet Stanford
representatives on the campus the
first of the week.
In order that the announcement re
cently given out concerning the qual
ifications of women candidates for
intercollegiate teams may not he mis
understood, the Women's Athletic
Association wishes to add that all
women candidates for intercollegiate
teams will still he required to take
some kind of work in physical train
ing twice a week for two months be
fore contests in order to satisfy a
rule of the Board of Health. The rul
ing of the Women's Athletic Associa
tion merely excused the girls from
compulsory basketball or tennis prac
tice.
The date of the intercollegiate ten
nis tournament will probably tie
changed to the first week in April on
account of the track meet. This mat
ter will he discussed by two repre
sentatives from the University of
California who will meet Stanford
representatives on the campus the
first of the week.
In order that the announcement re
cently given out concerning the qual
ifications of women candidates for
intercollegiate teams may not he mis
understood, the Women's Athletic
Association wishes to add that all
women candidates for intercollegiate
teams will still he required to take
some kind of work in physical train
ing twice a week for two months be
fore contests in order to satisfy a
rule of the Board of Health. The rul
ing of the Women's Athletic Associa
tion merely excused the girls from
compulsory basketball or tennis prac
tice.
The date of the intercollegiate ten
nis tournament will probably tie
changed to the first week in April on
account of the track meet. This mat
ter will he discussed by two repre
sentatives from the University of
California who will meet Stanford
representatives on the campus the
first of the week.
In order that the announcement re
cently given out concerning the qual
ifications of women candidates for
intercollegiate teams may not he mis
understood, the Women's Athletic
Association wishes to add that all
women candidates for intercollegiate
teams will still he required to take
some kind of work in physical train
ing twice a week for two months be
fore contests in order to satisfy a
rule of the Board of Health. The rul
ing of the Women's Athletic Associa
tion merely excused the girls from
compulsory basketball or tennis prac
tice.
The date of the intercollegiate ten
nis tournament will probably tie
changed to the first week in April on
account of the track meet. This mat
ter will he discussed by two repre
sentatives from the University of
California who will meet Stanford
representatives on the campus the
first of the week.
In order that the announcement re
cently given out concerning the qual
ifications of women candidates for
intercollegiate teams may not he mis
understood, the Women's Athletic
Association wishes to add that all
women candidates for intercollegiate
teams will still he required to take
some kind of work in physical train
ing twice a week for two months be
fore contests in order to satisfy a
rule of the Board of Health. The rul
ing of the Women's Athletic Associa
tion merely excused the girls from
compulsory basketball or tennis prac
tice.
The date of the intercollegiate ten
nis tournament will probably tie
changed to the first week in April on
account of the track meet. This mat
ter will he discussed by two repre
sentatives from the University of
California who will meet Stanford
representatives on the campus the
first of the week.
In order that the announcement re
cently given out concerning the qual
ifications of women candidates for
intercollegiate teams may not he mis
understood, the Women's Athletic
Association wishes to add that all
women candidates for intercollegiate
teams will still he required to take
some kind of work in physical train
ing twice a week for two months be
fore contests in order to satisfy a
rule of the Board of Health. The rul
ing of the Women's Athletic Associa
tion merely excused the girls from
compulsory basketball or tennis prac
tice.
The date of the intercollegiate ten
nis tournament will probably tie
changed to the first week in April on
account of the track meet. This mat
ter will he discussed by two repre
sentatives from the University of
California who will meet Stanford
representatives on the campus the
first of the week.
In order that the announcement re
cently given out concerning the qual
ifications of women candidates for
intercollegiate teams may not he mis
understood, the Women's Athletic
Association wishes to add that all
women candidates for intercollegiate
teams will still he required to take
some kind of work in physical train
ing twice a week for two months be
fore contests in order to satisfy a
rule of the Board of Health. The rul
ing of the Women's Athletic Associa
tion merely excused the girls from
compulsory basketball or tennis prac
tice.
The date of the intercollegiate ten
nis tournament will probably tie
changed to the first week in April on
account of the track meet. This mat
ter will he discussed by two repre
sentatives from the University of
California who will meet Stanford
representatives on the campus the
first of the week.
In order that the announcement re
cently given out concerning the qual
ifications of women candidates for
intercollegiate teams may not he mis
understood, the Women's Athletic
Association wishes to add that all
women candidates for intercollegiate
teams will still he required to take
some kind of work in physical train
ing twice a week for two months be
fore contests in order to satisfy a
rule of the Board of Health. The rul
ing of the Women's Athletic Associa
tion merely excused the girls from
compulsory basketball or tennis prac
tice.
The date of the intercollegiate ten
nis tournament will probably tie
changed to the first week in April on
account of the track meet. This mat
ter will he discussed by two repre
sentatives from the University of
California who will meet Stanford
representatives on the campus the
first of the week.
In order that the announcement re
cently given out concerning the qual
ifications of women candidates for
intercollegiate teams may not he mis
understood, the Women's Athletic
Association wishes to add that all
women candidates for intercollegiate
teams will still he required to take
some kind of work in physical train
ing twice a week for two months be
fore contests in order to satisfy a
rule of the Board of Health. The rul
ing of the Women's Athletic Associa
tion merely excused the girls from
compulsory basketball or tennis prac
tice.
The date of the intercollegiate ten
nis tournament will probably tie
changed to the first week in April on
account of the track meet. This mat
ter will he discussed by two repre
sentatives from the University of
California who will meet Stanford
representatives on the campus the
first of the week.
In order that the announcement re
cently given out concerning the qual
ifications of women candidates for
intercollegiate teams may not he mis
understood, the Women's Athletic
Association wishes to add that all
women candidates for intercollegiate
teams will still he required to take
some kind of work in physical train
ing twice a week for two months be
fore contests in order to satisfy a
rule of the Board of Health. The rul
ing of the Women's Athletic Associa
tion merely excused the girls from
compulsory basketball or tennis prac
tice.
The date of the intercollegiate ten
nis tournament will probably tie
changed to the first week in April on
account of the track meet. This mat
ter will he discussed by two repre
sentatives from the University of
California who will meet Stanford
representatives on the campus the
first of the week.
