# Adv. 11 Page 7
## 
### 
STARCHED
COLLARS
for I
I
Girl Graduates
to wear with
Cap-N-Gown
.
Don't put it off until the
'!
last minute —they may be jl
gone.
Walsterfc j
STARCHED
COLLARS
for I
I
Girl Graduates
to wear with
Cap-N-Gown
.
Don't put it off until the
'!
last minute —they may be jl
gone.
Walsterfc j
STARCHED
COLLARS
for I
I
Girl Graduates
to wear with
Cap-N-Gown
.
Don't put it off until the
'!
last minute —they may be jl
gone.
Walsterfc j
STARCHED
COLLARS
for I
I
Girl Graduates
to wear with
Cap-N-Gown
.
Don't put it off until the
'!
last minute —they may be jl
gone.
Walsterfc j
STARCHED
COLLARS
for I
I
Girl Graduates
to wear with
Cap-N-Gown
.
Don't put it off until the
'!
last minute —they may be jl
gone.
Walsterfc j
STARCHED
COLLARS
for I
I
Girl Graduates
to wear with
Cap-N-Gown
.
Don't put it off until the
'!
last minute —they may be jl
gone.
Walsterfc j
STARCHED
COLLARS
for I
I
Girl Graduates
to wear with
Cap-N-Gown
.
Don't put it off until the
'!
last minute —they may be jl
gone.
Walsterfc j
STARCHED
COLLARS
for I
I
Girl Graduates
to wear with
Cap-N-Gown
.
Don't put it off until the
'!
last minute —they may be jl
gone.
Walsterfc j
STARCHED
COLLARS
for I
I
Girl Graduates
to wear with
Cap-N-Gown
.
Don't put it off until the
'!
last minute —they may be jl
gone.
Walsterfc j
STARCHED
COLLARS
for I
I
Girl Graduates
to wear with
Cap-N-Gown
.
Don't put it off until the
'!
last minute —they may be jl
gone.
Walsterfc j
STARCHED
COLLARS
for I
I
Girl Graduates
to wear with
Cap-N-Gown
.
Don't put it off until the
'!
last minute —they may be jl
gone.
Walsterfc j
STARCHED
COLLARS
for I
I
Girl Graduates
to wear with
Cap-N-Gown
.
Don't put it off until the
'!
last minute —they may be jl
gone.
Walsterfc j
STARCHED
COLLARS
for I
I
Girl Graduates
to wear with
Cap-N-Gown
.
Don't put it off until the
'!
last minute —they may be jl
gone.
Walsterfc j
STARCHED
COLLARS
for I
I
Girl Graduates
to wear with
Cap-N-Gown
.
Don't put it off until the
'!
last minute —they may be jl
gone.
Walsterfc j
STARCHED
COLLARS
for I
I
Girl Graduates
to wear with
Cap-N-Gown
.
Don't put it off until the
'!
last minute —they may be jl
gone.
Walsterfc j
STARCHED
COLLARS
for I
I
Girl Graduates
to wear with
Cap-N-Gown
.
Don't put it off until the
'!
last minute —they may be jl
gone.
Walsterfc j
STARCHED
COLLARS
for I
I
Girl Graduates
to wear with
Cap-N-Gown
.
Don't put it off until the
'!
last minute —they may be jl
gone.
Walsterfc j
