# Heavy Metal Scrap Collections Saturday
## 
### 
Heavy metal from campus living
groups will be collected Saturday
from K to 12 a.m. by the Stanford
War Board if tho board is nolified
today. Groups with metal to con
tribute arc asked to telephone the
War Board from 1 to 5 p.m. at 9411,
Extension 513.
Heavy metal from campus living
groups will be collected Saturday
from K to 12 a.m. by the Stanford
War Board if tho board is nolified
today. Groups with metal to con
tribute arc asked to telephone the
War Board from 1 to 5 p.m. at 9411,
Extension 513.
Heavy metal from campus living
groups will be collected Saturday
from K to 12 a.m. by the Stanford
War Board if tho board is nolified
today. Groups with metal to con
tribute arc asked to telephone the
War Board from 1 to 5 p.m. at 9411,
Extension 513.
Heavy metal from campus living
groups will be collected Saturday
from K to 12 a.m. by the Stanford
War Board if tho board is nolified
today. Groups with metal to con
tribute arc asked to telephone the
War Board from 1 to 5 p.m. at 9411,
Extension 513.
Heavy metal from campus living
groups will be collected Saturday
from K to 12 a.m. by the Stanford
War Board if tho board is nolified
today. Groups with metal to con
tribute arc asked to telephone the
War Board from 1 to 5 p.m. at 9411,
Extension 513.
Heavy metal from campus living
groups will be collected Saturday
from K to 12 a.m. by the Stanford
War Board if tho board is nolified
today. Groups with metal to con
tribute arc asked to telephone the
War Board from 1 to 5 p.m. at 9411,
Extension 513.
Heavy metal from campus living
groups will be collected Saturday
from K to 12 a.m. by the Stanford
War Board if tho board is nolified
today. Groups with metal to con
tribute arc asked to telephone the
War Board from 1 to 5 p.m. at 9411,
Extension 513.
Heavy metal from campus living
groups will be collected Saturday
from K to 12 a.m. by the Stanford
War Board if tho board is nolified
today. Groups with metal to con
tribute arc asked to telephone the
War Board from 1 to 5 p.m. at 9411,
Extension 513.
Heavy metal from campus living
groups will be collected Saturday
from K to 12 a.m. by the Stanford
War Board if tho board is nolified
today. Groups with metal to con
tribute arc asked to telephone the
War Board from 1 to 5 p.m. at 9411,
Extension 513.
Heavy metal from campus living
groups will be collected Saturday
from K to 12 a.m. by the Stanford
War Board if tho board is nolified
today. Groups with metal to con
tribute arc asked to telephone the
War Board from 1 to 5 p.m. at 9411,
Extension 513.
Heavy metal from campus living
groups will be collected Saturday
from K to 12 a.m. by the Stanford
War Board if tho board is nolified
today. Groups with metal to con
tribute arc asked to telephone the
War Board from 1 to 5 p.m. at 9411,
Extension 513.
Heavy metal from campus living
groups will be collected Saturday
from K to 12 a.m. by the Stanford
War Board if tho board is nolified
today. Groups with metal to con
tribute arc asked to telephone the
War Board from 1 to 5 p.m. at 9411,
Extension 513.
Heavy metal from campus living
groups will be collected Saturday
from K to 12 a.m. by the Stanford
War Board if tho board is nolified
today. Groups with metal to con
tribute arc asked to telephone the
War Board from 1 to 5 p.m. at 9411,
Extension 513.
Heavy metal from campus living
groups will be collected Saturday
from K to 12 a.m. by the Stanford
War Board if tho board is nolified
today. Groups with metal to con
tribute arc asked to telephone the
War Board from 1 to 5 p.m. at 9411,
Extension 513.
Heavy metal from campus living
groups will be collected Saturday
from K to 12 a.m. by the Stanford
War Board if tho board is nolified
today. Groups with metal to con
tribute arc asked to telephone the
War Board from 1 to 5 p.m. at 9411,
Extension 513.
Heavy metal from campus living
groups will be collected Saturday
from K to 12 a.m. by the Stanford
War Board if tho board is nolified
today. Groups with metal to con
tribute arc asked to telephone the
War Board from 1 to 5 p.m. at 9411,
Extension 513.
Heavy metal from campus living
groups will be collected Saturday
from K to 12 a.m. by the Stanford
War Board if tho board is nolified
today. Groups with metal to con
tribute arc asked to telephone the
War Board from 1 to 5 p.m. at 9411,
Extension 513.
Heavy metal from campus living
groups will be collected Saturday
from K to 12 a.m. by the Stanford
War Board if tho board is nolified
today. Groups with metal to con
tribute arc asked to telephone the
War Board from 1 to 5 p.m. at 9411,
Extension 513.
