# COACH IS GIVING FOOTBALL PLAYERS INTENSIVE COURSE
## 
### 
In preparation for the football season
next fall, Coach Evans is giving an in
tensive course of study in the theory of
American football to be followed by a
spring class in field practice of the art
of handling the pigskin. The class meets
at ten o'clock Saturday morning in
Coacli Evans' office for a nominal one
hour session, which is extended into two
hours at the request of the class. One
unit will be granted for this course, a
second to be added on the completion of
the spring practice.
Captain Holt, of next year's squad, is
anxious that all prospective football can
didates register in the course in order
to make up for the time lost during Sep
tember when California gains a month's
start an Stanford in football practice.
The course is a repetition of last year's
class, which, according to Coach Evans,
aided materially in building the football
machine last fall.
In preparation for the football season
next fall, Coach Evans is giving an in
tensive course of study in the theory of
American football to be followed by a
spring class in field practice of the art
of handling the pigskin. The class meets
at ten o'clock Saturday morning in
Coacli Evans' office for a nominal one
hour session, which is extended into two
hours at the request of the class. One
unit will be granted for this course, a
second to be added on the completion of
the spring practice.
Captain Holt, of next year's squad, is
anxious that all prospective football can
didates register in the course in order
to make up for the time lost during Sep
tember when California gains a month's
start an Stanford in football practice.
The course is a repetition of last year's
class, which, according to Coach Evans,
aided materially in building the football
machine last fall.
In preparation for the football season
next fall, Coach Evans is giving an in
tensive course of study in the theory of
American football to be followed by a
spring class in field practice of the art
of handling the pigskin. The class meets
at ten o'clock Saturday morning in
Coacli Evans' office for a nominal one
hour session, which is extended into two
hours at the request of the class. One
unit will be granted for this course, a
second to be added on the completion of
the spring practice.
Captain Holt, of next year's squad, is
anxious that all prospective football can
didates register in the course in order
to make up for the time lost during Sep
tember when California gains a month's
start an Stanford in football practice.
The course is a repetition of last year's
class, which, according to Coach Evans,
aided materially in building the football
machine last fall.
In preparation for the football season
next fall, Coach Evans is giving an in
tensive course of study in the theory of
American football to be followed by a
spring class in field practice of the art
of handling the pigskin. The class meets
at ten o'clock Saturday morning in
Coacli Evans' office for a nominal one
hour session, which is extended into two
hours at the request of the class. One
unit will be granted for this course, a
second to be added on the completion of
the spring practice.
Captain Holt, of next year's squad, is
anxious that all prospective football can
didates register in the course in order
to make up for the time lost during Sep
tember when California gains a month's
start an Stanford in football practice.
The course is a repetition of last year's
class, which, according to Coach Evans,
aided materially in building the football
machine last fall.
In preparation for the football season
next fall, Coach Evans is giving an in
tensive course of study in the theory of
American football to be followed by a
spring class in field practice of the art
of handling the pigskin. The class meets
at ten o'clock Saturday morning in
Coacli Evans' office for a nominal one
hour session, which is extended into two
hours at the request of the class. One
unit will be granted for this course, a
second to be added on the completion of
the spring practice.
Captain Holt, of next year's squad, is
anxious that all prospective football can
didates register in the course in order
to make up for the time lost during Sep
tember when California gains a month's
start an Stanford in football practice.
The course is a repetition of last year's
class, which, according to Coach Evans,
aided materially in building the football
machine last fall.
In preparation for the football season
next fall, Coach Evans is giving an in
tensive course of study in the theory of
American football to be followed by a
spring class in field practice of the art
of handling the pigskin. The class meets
at ten o'clock Saturday morning in
Coacli Evans' office for a nominal one
hour session, which is extended into two
hours at the request of the class. One
unit will be granted for this course, a
second to be added on the completion of
the spring practice.
Captain Holt, of next year's squad, is
anxious that all prospective football can
didates register in the course in order
to make up for the time lost during Sep
tember when California gains a month's
start an Stanford in football practice.
The course is a repetition of last year's
class, which, according to Coach Evans,
aided materially in building the football
machine last fall.
In preparation for the football season
next fall, Coach Evans is giving an in
tensive course of study in the theory of
American football to be followed by a
spring class in field practice of the art
of handling the pigskin. The class meets
at ten o'clock Saturday morning in
Coacli Evans' office for a nominal one
hour session, which is extended into two
hours at the request of the class. One
unit will be granted for this course, a
second to be added on the completion of
the spring practice.
Captain Holt, of next year's squad, is
anxious that all prospective football can
didates register in the course in order
to make up for the time lost during Sep
tember when California gains a month's
start an Stanford in football practice.
The course is a repetition of last year's
class, which, according to Coach Evans,
aided materially in building the football
machine last fall.
In preparation for the football season
next fall, Coach Evans is giving an in
tensive course of study in the theory of
American football to be followed by a
spring class in field practice of the art
of handling the pigskin. The class meets
at ten o'clock Saturday morning in
Coacli Evans' office for a nominal one
hour session, which is extended into two
hours at the request of the class. One
unit will be granted for this course, a
second to be added on the completion of
the spring practice.
Captain Holt, of next year's squad, is
anxious that all prospective football can
didates register in the course in order
to make up for the time lost during Sep
tember when California gains a month's
start an Stanford in football practice.
The course is a repetition of last year's
class, which, according to Coach Evans,
aided materially in building the football
machine last fall.
In preparation for the football season
next fall, Coach Evans is giving an in
tensive course of study in the theory of
American football to be followed by a
spring class in field practice of the art
of handling the pigskin. The class meets
at ten o'clock Saturday morning in
Coacli Evans' office for a nominal one
hour session, which is extended into two
hours at the request of the class. One
unit will be granted for this course, a
second to be added on the completion of
the spring practice.
Captain Holt, of next year's squad, is
anxious that all prospective football can
didates register in the course in order
to make up for the time lost during Sep
tember when California gains a month's
start an Stanford in football practice.
The course is a repetition of last year's
class, which, according to Coach Evans,
aided materially in building the football
machine last fall.
In preparation for the football season
next fall, Coach Evans is giving an in
tensive course of study in the theory of
American football to be followed by a
spring class in field practice of the art
of handling the pigskin. The class meets
at ten o'clock Saturday morning in
Coacli Evans' office for a nominal one
hour session, which is extended into two
hours at the request of the class. One
unit will be granted for this course, a
second to be added on the completion of
the spring practice.
Captain Holt, of next year's squad, is
anxious that all prospective football can
didates register in the course in order
to make up for the time lost during Sep
tember when California gains a month's
start an Stanford in football practice.
The course is a repetition of last year's
class, which, according to Coach Evans,
aided materially in building the football
machine last fall.
In preparation for the football season
next fall, Coach Evans is giving an in
tensive course of study in the theory of
American football to be followed by a
spring class in field practice of the art
of handling the pigskin. The class meets
at ten o'clock Saturday morning in
Coacli Evans' office for a nominal one
hour session, which is extended into two
hours at the request of the class. One
unit will be granted for this course, a
second to be added on the completion of
the spring practice.
Captain Holt, of next year's squad, is
anxious that all prospective football can
didates register in the course in order
to make up for the time lost during Sep
tember when California gains a month's
start an Stanford in football practice.
The course is a repetition of last year's
class, which, according to Coach Evans,
aided materially in building the football
machine last fall.
In preparation for the football season
next fall, Coach Evans is giving an in
tensive course of study in the theory of
American football to be followed by a
spring class in field practice of the art
of handling the pigskin. The class meets
at ten o'clock Saturday morning in
Coacli Evans' office for a nominal one
hour session, which is extended into two
hours at the request of the class. One
unit will be granted for this course, a
second to be added on the completion of
the spring practice.
Captain Holt, of next year's squad, is
anxious that all prospective football can
didates register in the course in order
to make up for the time lost during Sep
tember when California gains a month's
start an Stanford in football practice.
The course is a repetition of last year's
class, which, according to Coach Evans,
aided materially in building the football
machine last fall.
