# New Dean for Law School
## 
### 
Robert A. Keller, San Francisco
attorney and Palo Alto resident,
has been named assistant dean of
the Stanford School of Law.
Keller has handled corporate
litigation and administrative pro
ceedings with Orrick, Dahlquist,
Herrington & Sutcliffe since he
graduated from Stanford Law
School in 1958. He was a mem
ber of the Law Review and Order
of the Coif. Keller's main respon
sibilities will be alumni relations
and financial development for the
school.
A native of Oklahoma City, he
received his bachelor of business
administration from the Univer
sity of Oklahoma in 1951, then
served four years as a lieutenant
in the Navy.
