# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
FUTURE WEEKLIES
The remains six Weeklies
will be published on Thursdays,
with tlie exception of next
weekâ€™s issue which will appear
Friday because of the Inde
pendence Day holiday. Any in
dividual, group, or department
wishing publicity i n future
Weeklies should place the in
formation, i n c I u ding phone
where the source can be reached,
cm the Weekly hook Just inside
(he door of the Daily shack (on
Lomita near the corner of Pan
ama. ) For publication on
Thursday, the information
should lie to the Shack prefer
ably on Monday and at the lat
est Tuesday noon. The* Weekly
phones are DA 2-2166 and DA 3-
9838.
