# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
REG DANCE
There will Ik- a Registration
Dance this Friday in Lagunita
Court. The,time, hand, and fur
ther information will be posted
on bulletin hoards this week.
REG DANCE
There will Ik- a Registration
Dance this Friday in Lagunita
Court. The,time, hand, and fur
ther information will be posted
on bulletin hoards this week.
REG DANCE
There will Ik- a Registration
Dance this Friday in Lagunita
Court. The,time, hand, and fur
ther information will be posted
on bulletin hoards this week.
REG DANCE
There will Ik- a Registration
Dance this Friday in Lagunita
Court. The,time, hand, and fur
ther information will be posted
on bulletin hoards this week.
REG DANCE
There will Ik- a Registration
Dance this Friday in Lagunita
Court. The,time, hand, and fur
ther information will be posted
on bulletin hoards this week.
REG DANCE
There will Ik- a Registration
Dance this Friday in Lagunita
Court. The,time, hand, and fur
ther information will be posted
on bulletin hoards this week.
REG DANCE
There will Ik- a Registration
Dance this Friday in Lagunita
Court. The,time, hand, and fur
ther information will be posted
on bulletin hoards this week.
REG DANCE
There will Ik- a Registration
Dance this Friday in Lagunita
Court. The,time, hand, and fur
ther information will be posted
on bulletin hoards this week.
REG DANCE
There will Ik- a Registration
Dance this Friday in Lagunita
Court. The,time, hand, and fur
ther information will be posted
on bulletin hoards this week.
REG DANCE
There will Ik- a Registration
Dance this Friday in Lagunita
Court. The,time, hand, and fur
ther information will be posted
on bulletin hoards this week.
REG DANCE
There will Ik- a Registration
Dance this Friday in Lagunita
Court. The,time, hand, and fur
ther information will be posted
on bulletin hoards this week.
REG DANCE
There will Ik- a Registration
Dance this Friday in Lagunita
Court. The,time, hand, and fur
ther information will be posted
on bulletin hoards this week.
REG DANCE
There will Ik- a Registration
Dance this Friday in Lagunita
Court. The,time, hand, and fur
ther information will be posted
on bulletin hoards this week.
REG DANCE
There will Ik- a Registration
Dance this Friday in Lagunita
Court. The,time, hand, and fur
ther information will be posted
on bulletin hoards this week.
