# Concert to Open Series
## 
### 
The Summer Tuesday Evening
Series opens tomorrow night with
a concert of organ and instru
mental music, featuring Univer
sity organist Herbert B. Nanney,
and members of the San Jose Sym
phony conducted by Sandor Salgo.
The concert, part of the Far
Western Regional Convention of
the American Guild of Organists,
starts at 8:30 p.m. in the Me
morial Church and is open to the
public. The program includes se
lections from Bruhns, Handel,
Krenek, Franck, Mozart, Distler,
and Bach.
As another part of the Conven
tion, Putnam Aldrich will give a
lecture-demonstration in Dinkel
spiel Auditorium at 10:30 a.m. to
morrow on “Bach’s Ornaments
Revisted.”
Next week’s Tuesday Evening

presentation will be a lecture by
Everet C. Hughes on “Ethnic
Minorities in the New National
ism.’’ Mr. Hughes is a sociology
professor at Brandeis University.
This lecture, as all succeeding
lectures in the summer series, is
in Dinkelspiel Auditorium and be
gins at 8:00 p.m. No admission
is charged and the program is open
to the public.
The Summer Tuesday Evening
Series opens tomorrow night with
a concert of organ and instru
mental music, featuring Univer
sity organist Herbert B. Nanney,
and members of the San Jose Sym
phony conducted by Sandor Salgo.
The concert, part of the Far
Western Regional Convention of
the American Guild of Organists,
starts at 8:30 p.m. in the Me
morial Church and is open to the
public. The program includes se
lections from Bruhns, Handel,
Krenek, Franck, Mozart, Distler,
and Bach.
As another part of the Conven
tion, Putnam Aldrich will give a
lecture-demonstration in Dinkel
spiel Auditorium at 10:30 a.m. to
morrow on “Bach’s Ornaments
Revisted.”
Next week’s Tuesday Evening

presentation will be a lecture by
Everet C. Hughes on “Ethnic
Minorities in the New National
ism.’’ Mr. Hughes is a sociology
professor at Brandeis University.
This lecture, as all succeeding
lectures in the summer series, is
in Dinkelspiel Auditorium and be
gins at 8:00 p.m. No admission
is charged and the program is open
to the public.
The Summer Tuesday Evening
Series opens tomorrow night with
a concert of organ and instru
mental music, featuring Univer
sity organist Herbert B. Nanney,
and members of the San Jose Sym
phony conducted by Sandor Salgo.
The concert, part of the Far
Western Regional Convention of
the American Guild of Organists,
starts at 8:30 p.m. in the Me
morial Church and is open to the
public. The program includes se
lections from Bruhns, Handel,
Krenek, Franck, Mozart, Distler,
and Bach.
As another part of the Conven
tion, Putnam Aldrich will give a
lecture-demonstration in Dinkel
spiel Auditorium at 10:30 a.m. to
morrow on “Bach’s Ornaments
Revisted.”
Next week’s Tuesday Evening

presentation will be a lecture by
Everet C. Hughes on “Ethnic
Minorities in the New National
ism.’’ Mr. Hughes is a sociology
professor at Brandeis University.
This lecture, as all succeeding
lectures in the summer series, is
in Dinkelspiel Auditorium and be
gins at 8:00 p.m. No admission
is charged and the program is open
to the public.
The Summer Tuesday Evening
Series opens tomorrow night with
a concert of organ and instru
mental music, featuring Univer
sity organist Herbert B. Nanney,
and members of the San Jose Sym
phony conducted by Sandor Salgo.
The concert, part of the Far
Western Regional Convention of
the American Guild of Organists,
starts at 8:30 p.m. in the Me
morial Church and is open to the
public. The program includes se
lections from Bruhns, Handel,
Krenek, Franck, Mozart, Distler,
and Bach.
As another part of the Conven
tion, Putnam Aldrich will give a
lecture-demonstration in Dinkel
spiel Auditorium at 10:30 a.m. to
morrow on “Bach’s Ornaments
Revisted.”
Next week’s Tuesday Evening

presentation will be a lecture by
Everet C. Hughes on “Ethnic
Minorities in the New National
ism.’’ Mr. Hughes is a sociology
professor at Brandeis University.
This lecture, as all succeeding
lectures in the summer series, is
in Dinkelspiel Auditorium and be
gins at 8:00 p.m. No admission
is charged and the program is open
to the public.
The Summer Tuesday Evening
Series opens tomorrow night with
a concert of organ and instru
mental music, featuring Univer
sity organist Herbert B. Nanney,
and members of the San Jose Sym
phony conducted by Sandor Salgo.
The concert, part of the Far
Western Regional Convention of
the American Guild of Organists,
starts at 8:30 p.m. in the Me
morial Church and is open to the
public. The program includes se
lections from Bruhns, Handel,
Krenek, Franck, Mozart, Distler,
and Bach.
As another part of the Conven
tion, Putnam Aldrich will give a
lecture-demonstration in Dinkel
spiel Auditorium at 10:30 a.m. to
morrow on “Bach’s Ornaments
Revisted.”
Next week’s Tuesday Evening

presentation will be a lecture by
Everet C. Hughes on “Ethnic
Minorities in the New National
ism.’’ Mr. Hughes is a sociology
professor at Brandeis University.
This lecture, as all succeeding
lectures in the summer series, is
in Dinkelspiel Auditorium and be
gins at 8:00 p.m. No admission
is charged and the program is open
to the public.
The Summer Tuesday Evening
Series opens tomorrow night with
a concert of organ and instru
mental music, featuring Univer
sity organist Herbert B. Nanney,
and members of the San Jose Sym
phony conducted by Sandor Salgo.
The concert, part of the Far
Western Regional Convention of
the American Guild of Organists,
starts at 8:30 p.m. in the Me
morial Church and is open to the
public. The program includes se
lections from Bruhns, Handel,
Krenek, Franck, Mozart, Distler,
and Bach.
As another part of the Conven
tion, Putnam Aldrich will give a
lecture-demonstration in Dinkel
spiel Auditorium at 10:30 a.m. to
morrow on “Bach’s Ornaments
Revisted.”
Next week’s Tuesday Evening

presentation will be a lecture by
Everet C. Hughes on “Ethnic
Minorities in the New National
ism.’’ Mr. Hughes is a sociology
professor at Brandeis University.
This lecture, as all succeeding
lectures in the summer series, is
in Dinkelspiel Auditorium and be
gins at 8:00 p.m. No admission
is charged and the program is open
to the public.
The Summer Tuesday Evening
Series opens tomorrow night with
a concert of organ and instru
mental music, featuring Univer
sity organist Herbert B. Nanney,
and members of the San Jose Sym
phony conducted by Sandor Salgo.
The concert, part of the Far
Western Regional Convention of
the American Guild of Organists,
starts at 8:30 p.m. in the Me
morial Church and is open to the
public. The program includes se
lections from Bruhns, Handel,
Krenek, Franck, Mozart, Distler,
and Bach.
As another part of the Conven
tion, Putnam Aldrich will give a
lecture-demonstration in Dinkel
spiel Auditorium at 10:30 a.m. to
morrow on “Bach’s Ornaments
Revisted.”
Next week’s Tuesday Evening

presentation will be a lecture by
Everet C. Hughes on “Ethnic
Minorities in the New National
ism.’’ Mr. Hughes is a sociology
professor at Brandeis University.
This lecture, as all succeeding
lectures in the summer series, is
in Dinkelspiel Auditorium and be
gins at 8:00 p.m. No admission
is charged and the program is open
to the public.
The Summer Tuesday Evening
Series opens tomorrow night with
a concert of organ and instru
mental music, featuring Univer
sity organist Herbert B. Nanney,
and members of the San Jose Sym
phony conducted by Sandor Salgo.
The concert, part of the Far
Western Regional Convention of
the American Guild of Organists,
starts at 8:30 p.m. in the Me
morial Church and is open to the
public. The program includes se
lections from Bruhns, Handel,
Krenek, Franck, Mozart, Distler,
and Bach.
As another part of the Conven
tion, Putnam Aldrich will give a
lecture-demonstration in Dinkel
spiel Auditorium at 10:30 a.m. to
morrow on “Bach’s Ornaments
Revisted.”
Next week’s Tuesday Evening

presentation will be a lecture by
Everet C. Hughes on “Ethnic
Minorities in the New National
ism.’’ Mr. Hughes is a sociology
professor at Brandeis University.
This lecture, as all succeeding
lectures in the summer series, is
in Dinkelspiel Auditorium and be
gins at 8:00 p.m. No admission
is charged and the program is open
to the public.
The Summer Tuesday Evening
Series opens tomorrow night with
a concert of organ and instru
mental music, featuring Univer
sity organist Herbert B. Nanney,
and members of the San Jose Sym
phony conducted by Sandor Salgo.
The concert, part of the Far
Western Regional Convention of
the American Guild of Organists,
starts at 8:30 p.m. in the Me
morial Church and is open to the
public. The program includes se
lections from Bruhns, Handel,
Krenek, Franck, Mozart, Distler,
and Bach.
As another part of the Conven
tion, Putnam Aldrich will give a
lecture-demonstration in Dinkel
spiel Auditorium at 10:30 a.m. to
morrow on “Bach’s Ornaments
Revisted.”
Next week’s Tuesday Evening

presentation will be a lecture by
Everet C. Hughes on “Ethnic
Minorities in the New National
ism.’’ Mr. Hughes is a sociology
professor at Brandeis University.
This lecture, as all succeeding
lectures in the summer series, is
in Dinkelspiel Auditorium and be
gins at 8:00 p.m. No admission
is charged and the program is open
to the public.
The Summer Tuesday Evening
Series opens tomorrow night with
a concert of organ and instru
mental music, featuring Univer
sity organist Herbert B. Nanney,
and members of the San Jose Sym
phony conducted by Sandor Salgo.
The concert, part of the Far
Western Regional Convention of
the American Guild of Organists,
starts at 8:30 p.m. in the Me
morial Church and is open to the
public. The program includes se
lections from Bruhns, Handel,
Krenek, Franck, Mozart, Distler,
and Bach.
As another part of the Conven
tion, Putnam Aldrich will give a
lecture-demonstration in Dinkel
spiel Auditorium at 10:30 a.m. to
morrow on “Bach’s Ornaments
Revisted.”
Next week’s Tuesday Evening

presentation will be a lecture by
Everet C. Hughes on “Ethnic
Minorities in the New National
ism.’’ Mr. Hughes is a sociology
professor at Brandeis University.
This lecture, as all succeeding
lectures in the summer series, is
in Dinkelspiel Auditorium and be
gins at 8:00 p.m. No admission
is charged and the program is open
to the public.
The Summer Tuesday Evening
Series opens tomorrow night with
a concert of organ and instru
mental music, featuring Univer
sity organist Herbert B. Nanney,
and members of the San Jose Sym
phony conducted by Sandor Salgo.
The concert, part of the Far
Western Regional Convention of
the American Guild of Organists,
starts at 8:30 p.m. in the Me
morial Church and is open to the
public. The program includes se
lections from Bruhns, Handel,
Krenek, Franck, Mozart, Distler,
and Bach.
As another part of the Conven
tion, Putnam Aldrich will give a
lecture-demonstration in Dinkel
spiel Auditorium at 10:30 a.m. to
morrow on “Bach’s Ornaments
Revisted.”
Next week’s Tuesday Evening

presentation will be a lecture by
Everet C. Hughes on “Ethnic
Minorities in the New National
ism.’’ Mr. Hughes is a sociology
professor at Brandeis University.
This lecture, as all succeeding
lectures in the summer series, is
in Dinkelspiel Auditorium and be
gins at 8:00 p.m. No admission
is charged and the program is open
to the public.
The Summer Tuesday Evening
Series opens tomorrow night with
a concert of organ and instru
mental music, featuring Univer
sity organist Herbert B. Nanney,
and members of the San Jose Sym
phony conducted by Sandor Salgo.
The concert, part of the Far
Western Regional Convention of
the American Guild of Organists,
starts at 8:30 p.m. in the Me
morial Church and is open to the
public. The program includes se
lections from Bruhns, Handel,
Krenek, Franck, Mozart, Distler,
and Bach.
As another part of the Conven
tion, Putnam Aldrich will give a
lecture-demonstration in Dinkel
spiel Auditorium at 10:30 a.m. to
morrow on “Bach’s Ornaments
Revisted.”
Next week’s Tuesday Evening

presentation will be a lecture by
Everet C. Hughes on “Ethnic
Minorities in the New National
ism.’’ Mr. Hughes is a sociology
professor at Brandeis University.
This lecture, as all succeeding
lectures in the summer series, is
in Dinkelspiel Auditorium and be
gins at 8:00 p.m. No admission
is charged and the program is open
to the public.
The Summer Tuesday Evening
Series opens tomorrow night with
a concert of organ and instru
mental music, featuring Univer
sity organist Herbert B. Nanney,
and members of the San Jose Sym
phony conducted by Sandor Salgo.
The concert, part of the Far
Western Regional Convention of
the American Guild of Organists,
starts at 8:30 p.m. in the Me
morial Church and is open to the
public. The program includes se
lections from Bruhns, Handel,
Krenek, Franck, Mozart, Distler,
and Bach.
As another part of the Conven
tion, Putnam Aldrich will give a
lecture-demonstration in Dinkel
spiel Auditorium at 10:30 a.m. to
morrow on “Bach’s Ornaments
Revisted.”
Next week’s Tuesday Evening

presentation will be a lecture by
Everet C. Hughes on “Ethnic
Minorities in the New National
ism.’’ Mr. Hughes is a sociology
professor at Brandeis University.
This lecture, as all succeeding
lectures in the summer series, is
in Dinkelspiel Auditorium and be
gins at 8:00 p.m. No admission
is charged and the program is open
to the public.
The Summer Tuesday Evening
Series opens tomorrow night with
a concert of organ and instru
mental music, featuring Univer
sity organist Herbert B. Nanney,
and members of the San Jose Sym
phony conducted by Sandor Salgo.
The concert, part of the Far
Western Regional Convention of
the American Guild of Organists,
starts at 8:30 p.m. in the Me
morial Church and is open to the
public. The program includes se
lections from Bruhns, Handel,
Krenek, Franck, Mozart, Distler,
and Bach.
As another part of the Conven
tion, Putnam Aldrich will give a
lecture-demonstration in Dinkel
spiel Auditorium at 10:30 a.m. to
morrow on “Bach’s Ornaments
Revisted.”
Next week’s Tuesday Evening

presentation will be a lecture by
Everet C. Hughes on “Ethnic
Minorities in the New National
ism.’’ Mr. Hughes is a sociology
professor at Brandeis University.
This lecture, as all succeeding
lectures in the summer series, is
in Dinkelspiel Auditorium and be
gins at 8:00 p.m. No admission
is charged and the program is open
to the public.
