# Quillen Talk Featured At Education Meeting
## 
### 
Dean I. James Quillen will speak
at the School of Education Con
vocation Wednesday afternoon at
3:05 p.m. in Cubberley Audi
torium.
Education classes will be dis
missed that day from 3 to 5. After
Dean Quillen’s speech there will
be a reception in the auditorium
lobby. The Education Council will
hold an orientation for new stu
dents following the reception.
Dean I. James Quillen will speak
at the School of Education Con
vocation Wednesday afternoon at
3:05 p.m. in Cubberley Audi
torium.
Education classes will be dis
missed that day from 3 to 5. After
Dean Quillen’s speech there will
be a reception in the auditorium
lobby. The Education Council will
hold an orientation for new stu
dents following the reception.
Dean I. James Quillen will speak
at the School of Education Con
vocation Wednesday afternoon at
3:05 p.m. in Cubberley Audi
torium.
Education classes will be dis
missed that day from 3 to 5. After
Dean Quillen’s speech there will
be a reception in the auditorium
lobby. The Education Council will
hold an orientation for new stu
dents following the reception.
Dean I. James Quillen will speak
at the School of Education Con
vocation Wednesday afternoon at
3:05 p.m. in Cubberley Audi
torium.
Education classes will be dis
missed that day from 3 to 5. After
Dean Quillen’s speech there will
be a reception in the auditorium
lobby. The Education Council will
hold an orientation for new stu
dents following the reception.
Dean I. James Quillen will speak
at the School of Education Con
vocation Wednesday afternoon at
3:05 p.m. in Cubberley Audi
torium.
Education classes will be dis
missed that day from 3 to 5. After
Dean Quillen’s speech there will
be a reception in the auditorium
lobby. The Education Council will
hold an orientation for new stu
dents following the reception.
Dean I. James Quillen will speak
at the School of Education Con
vocation Wednesday afternoon at
3:05 p.m. in Cubberley Audi
torium.
Education classes will be dis
missed that day from 3 to 5. After
Dean Quillen’s speech there will
be a reception in the auditorium
lobby. The Education Council will
hold an orientation for new stu
dents following the reception.
Dean I. James Quillen will speak
at the School of Education Con
vocation Wednesday afternoon at
3:05 p.m. in Cubberley Audi
torium.
Education classes will be dis
missed that day from 3 to 5. After
Dean Quillen’s speech there will
be a reception in the auditorium
lobby. The Education Council will
hold an orientation for new stu
dents following the reception.
Dean I. James Quillen will speak
at the School of Education Con
vocation Wednesday afternoon at
3:05 p.m. in Cubberley Audi
torium.
Education classes will be dis
missed that day from 3 to 5. After
Dean Quillen’s speech there will
be a reception in the auditorium
lobby. The Education Council will
hold an orientation for new stu
dents following the reception.
Dean I. James Quillen will speak
at the School of Education Con
vocation Wednesday afternoon at
3:05 p.m. in Cubberley Audi
torium.
Education classes will be dis
missed that day from 3 to 5. After
Dean Quillen’s speech there will
be a reception in the auditorium
lobby. The Education Council will
hold an orientation for new stu
dents following the reception.
Dean I. James Quillen will speak
at the School of Education Con
vocation Wednesday afternoon at
3:05 p.m. in Cubberley Audi
torium.
Education classes will be dis
missed that day from 3 to 5. After
Dean Quillen’s speech there will
be a reception in the auditorium
lobby. The Education Council will
hold an orientation for new stu
dents following the reception.
Dean I. James Quillen will speak
at the School of Education Con
vocation Wednesday afternoon at
3:05 p.m. in Cubberley Audi
torium.
Education classes will be dis
missed that day from 3 to 5. After
Dean Quillen’s speech there will
be a reception in the auditorium
lobby. The Education Council will
hold an orientation for new stu
dents following the reception.
Dean I. James Quillen will speak
at the School of Education Con
vocation Wednesday afternoon at
3:05 p.m. in Cubberley Audi
torium.
Education classes will be dis
missed that day from 3 to 5. After
Dean Quillen’s speech there will
be a reception in the auditorium
lobby. The Education Council will
hold an orientation for new stu
dents following the reception.
Dean I. James Quillen will speak
at the School of Education Con
vocation Wednesday afternoon at
3:05 p.m. in Cubberley Audi
torium.
Education classes will be dis
missed that day from 3 to 5. After
Dean Quillen’s speech there will
be a reception in the auditorium
lobby. The Education Council will
hold an orientation for new stu
dents following the reception.
Dean I. James Quillen will speak
at the School of Education Con
vocation Wednesday afternoon at
3:05 p.m. in Cubberley Audi
torium.
Education classes will be dis
missed that day from 3 to 5. After
Dean Quillen’s speech there will
be a reception in the auditorium
lobby. The Education Council will
hold an orientation for new stu
dents following the reception.
