# Stanford Folkdancers To Meet Friday Evening
## 
### 
The Stanford Folkdancers are
holding a summer teaching session
this Friday night from 8 to 11 p.m.
on the Tresidder Deck.
They invite all Stanford students,
faculty, and staff to attend the
program and remind that the ses
sions will continue each Friday
evening through the quarter.
Margaret Buss, summer head of
the group, states that teaching is
done in the first hour, with more
advanced dances being performed
later. The group does dances from
many countries, “stressing north
ern Europe and the Balkan area.”
Margaret is looking for students
here for the summer “who know
dances they would be willing to
teach, or who are willing to help
with the organization of the dance
programs.”
She may be reached at Lagunita
Court, DA 6-2200.
