# College Notes.
## 
### 
—The Seniors won the interclass
rowing championship at the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania.
—A thousand students can be
accommodated at Morse Hall, the
recently enlarged chemical depart
ment at Cornell.
—There will he an intercollegiate
cross country run at Morris Park,
N.J., November 18th. Yale, Prince
ton, Cornell, Columbia and Pennsyl
vania will enter teams.
—A prize of fifty dollars is of
fered at the University of Michigan
to the woman of the junior class
who presents the best essay on a
subject connected with the Amer
ican Revolution.
—''Pat" O'Dea, the phenomenal
kicker of the University oi Wiscon
sin, distinguished himself in the
game with Illinois Saturday by
making a field goal from the fifty
three yard line —the longest dis
tance ever covered.
— The Harvard-Princeton debate
will be held December 16th. The
question will be: "Resolved, That
the English claims in the contro
versy with the South African Re
public are justifiable." Fifty-two
men debated in the first prelim
inary trial at Harvard.
—The students of Yale Univer
sity in mass meeting voted to con
solidate the management of the
affairs of the several university ath
letic associations under the direc
tion of the governing board, with a
graduate treasurer as executive.
—The University of Vermont has
decided to organize a department of
commerce and economics. John H.
Converse of Philadelphia, a trustee
of the University, has endowed one
professorship in this department
with a gift of $50,000. The course
will be based on English, the mod
ern languages, mathematics, his
tory, and the natural sciences. To
these will be added specialized
courses in economics, commercial
geography, commercial law, the his
tory of industrial developtmnt, sta
tistics, and to some extent the de
tails of industrial processes and
business operations and methods.
—The Seniors won the interclass
rowing championship at the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania.
—A thousand students can be
accommodated at Morse Hall, the
recently enlarged chemical depart
ment at Cornell.
—There will he an intercollegiate
cross country run at Morris Park,
N.J., November 18th. Yale, Prince
ton, Cornell, Columbia and Pennsyl
vania will enter teams.
—A prize of fifty dollars is of
fered at the University of Michigan
to the woman of the junior class
who presents the best essay on a
subject connected with the Amer
ican Revolution.
—''Pat" O'Dea, the phenomenal
kicker of the University oi Wiscon
sin, distinguished himself in the
game with Illinois Saturday by
making a field goal from the fifty
three yard line —the longest dis
tance ever covered.
— The Harvard-Princeton debate
will be held December 16th. The
question will be: "Resolved, That
the English claims in the contro
versy with the South African Re
public are justifiable." Fifty-two
men debated in the first prelim
inary trial at Harvard.
—The students of Yale Univer
sity in mass meeting voted to con
solidate the management of the
affairs of the several university ath
letic associations under the direc
tion of the governing board, with a
graduate treasurer as executive.
—The University of Vermont has
decided to organize a department of
commerce and economics. John H.
Converse of Philadelphia, a trustee
of the University, has endowed one
professorship in this department
with a gift of $50,000. The course
will be based on English, the mod
ern languages, mathematics, his
tory, and the natural sciences. To
these will be added specialized
courses in economics, commercial
geography, commercial law, the his
tory of industrial developtmnt, sta
tistics, and to some extent the de
tails of industrial processes and
business operations and methods.
—The Seniors won the interclass
rowing championship at the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania.
—A thousand students can be
accommodated at Morse Hall, the
recently enlarged chemical depart
ment at Cornell.
—There will he an intercollegiate
cross country run at Morris Park,
N.J., November 18th. Yale, Prince
ton, Cornell, Columbia and Pennsyl
vania will enter teams.
—A prize of fifty dollars is of
fered at the University of Michigan
to the woman of the junior class
who presents the best essay on a
subject connected with the Amer
ican Revolution.
—''Pat" O'Dea, the phenomenal
kicker of the University oi Wiscon
sin, distinguished himself in the
game with Illinois Saturday by
making a field goal from the fifty
three yard line —the longest dis
tance ever covered.
— The Harvard-Princeton debate
will be held December 16th. The
question will be: "Resolved, That
the English claims in the contro
versy with the South African Re
public are justifiable." Fifty-two
men debated in the first prelim
inary trial at Harvard.
—The students of Yale Univer
sity in mass meeting voted to con
solidate the management of the
affairs of the several university ath
letic associations under the direc
tion of the governing board, with a
graduate treasurer as executive.
—The University of Vermont has
decided to organize a department of
commerce and economics. John H.
Converse of Philadelphia, a trustee
of the University, has endowed one
professorship in this department
with a gift of $50,000. The course
will be based on English, the mod
ern languages, mathematics, his
tory, and the natural sciences. To
these will be added specialized
courses in economics, commercial
geography, commercial law, the his
tory of industrial developtmnt, sta
tistics, and to some extent the de
tails of industrial processes and
business operations and methods.
—The Seniors won the interclass
rowing championship at the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania.
—A thousand students can be
accommodated at Morse Hall, the
recently enlarged chemical depart
ment at Cornell.
—There will he an intercollegiate
cross country run at Morris Park,
N.J., November 18th. Yale, Prince
ton, Cornell, Columbia and Pennsyl
vania will enter teams.
—A prize of fifty dollars is of
fered at the University of Michigan
to the woman of the junior class
who presents the best essay on a
subject connected with the Amer
ican Revolution.
—''Pat" O'Dea, the phenomenal
kicker of the University oi Wiscon
sin, distinguished himself in the
game with Illinois Saturday by
making a field goal from the fifty
three yard line —the longest dis
tance ever covered.
— The Harvard-Princeton debate
will be held December 16th. The
question will be: "Resolved, That
the English claims in the contro
versy with the South African Re
public are justifiable." Fifty-two
men debated in the first prelim
inary trial at Harvard.
—The students of Yale Univer
sity in mass meeting voted to con
solidate the management of the
affairs of the several university ath
letic associations under the direc
tion of the governing board, with a
graduate treasurer as executive.
—The University of Vermont has
decided to organize a department of
commerce and economics. John H.
Converse of Philadelphia, a trustee
of the University, has endowed one
professorship in this department
with a gift of $50,000. The course
will be based on English, the mod
ern languages, mathematics, his
tory, and the natural sciences. To
these will be added specialized
courses in economics, commercial
geography, commercial law, the his
tory of industrial developtmnt, sta
tistics, and to some extent the de
tails of industrial processes and
business operations and methods.
—The Seniors won the interclass
rowing championship at the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania.
—A thousand students can be
accommodated at Morse Hall, the
recently enlarged chemical depart
ment at Cornell.
—There will he an intercollegiate
cross country run at Morris Park,
N.J., November 18th. Yale, Prince
ton, Cornell, Columbia and Pennsyl
vania will enter teams.
—A prize of fifty dollars is of
fered at the University of Michigan
to the woman of the junior class
who presents the best essay on a
subject connected with the Amer
ican Revolution.
—''Pat" O'Dea, the phenomenal
kicker of the University oi Wiscon
sin, distinguished himself in the
game with Illinois Saturday by
making a field goal from the fifty
three yard line —the longest dis
tance ever covered.
— The Harvard-Princeton debate
will be held December 16th. The
question will be: "Resolved, That
the English claims in the contro
versy with the South African Re
public are justifiable." Fifty-two
men debated in the first prelim
inary trial at Harvard.
—The students of Yale Univer
sity in mass meeting voted to con
solidate the management of the
affairs of the several university ath
letic associations under the direc
tion of the governing board, with a
graduate treasurer as executive.
—The University of Vermont has
decided to organize a department of
commerce and economics. John H.
Converse of Philadelphia, a trustee
of the University, has endowed one
professorship in this department
with a gift of $50,000. The course
will be based on English, the mod
ern languages, mathematics, his
tory, and the natural sciences. To
these will be added specialized
courses in economics, commercial
geography, commercial law, the his
tory of industrial developtmnt, sta
tistics, and to some extent the de
tails of industrial processes and
business operations and methods.
—The Seniors won the interclass
rowing championship at the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania.
—A thousand students can be
accommodated at Morse Hall, the
recently enlarged chemical depart
ment at Cornell.
—There will he an intercollegiate
cross country run at Morris Park,
N.J., November 18th. Yale, Prince
ton, Cornell, Columbia and Pennsyl
vania will enter teams.
—A prize of fifty dollars is of
fered at the University of Michigan
to the woman of the junior class
who presents the best essay on a
subject connected with the Amer
ican Revolution.
—''Pat" O'Dea, the phenomenal
kicker of the University oi Wiscon
sin, distinguished himself in the
game with Illinois Saturday by
making a field goal from the fifty
three yard line —the longest dis
tance ever covered.
— The Harvard-Princeton debate
will be held December 16th. The
question will be: "Resolved, That
the English claims in the contro
versy with the South African Re
public are justifiable." Fifty-two
men debated in the first prelim
inary trial at Harvard.
—The students of Yale Univer
sity in mass meeting voted to con
solidate the management of the
affairs of the several university ath
letic associations under the direc
tion of the governing board, with a
graduate treasurer as executive.
—The University of Vermont has
decided to organize a department of
commerce and economics. John H.
Converse of Philadelphia, a trustee
of the University, has endowed one
professorship in this department
with a gift of $50,000. The course
will be based on English, the mod
ern languages, mathematics, his
tory, and the natural sciences. To
these will be added specialized
courses in economics, commercial
geography, commercial law, the his
tory of industrial developtmnt, sta
tistics, and to some extent the de
tails of industrial processes and
business operations and methods.
