# WRESTLING TOURNEY
## 
### 
The all-University wrestling tour
nament will be held Thursday eve
ning at 8 o'clock in the Pavilion. '
The all-University wrestling tour
nament will be held Thursday eve
ning at 8 o'clock in the Pavilion. '
The all-University wrestling tour
nament will be held Thursday eve
ning at 8 o'clock in the Pavilion. '
The all-University wrestling tour
nament will be held Thursday eve
ning at 8 o'clock in the Pavilion. '
The all-University wrestling tour
nament will be held Thursday eve
ning at 8 o'clock in the Pavilion. '
The all-University wrestling tour
nament will be held Thursday eve
ning at 8 o'clock in the Pavilion. '
The all-University wrestling tour
nament will be held Thursday eve
ning at 8 o'clock in the Pavilion. '
The all-University wrestling tour
nament will be held Thursday eve
ning at 8 o'clock in the Pavilion. '
The all-University wrestling tour
nament will be held Thursday eve
ning at 8 o'clock in the Pavilion. '
The all-University wrestling tour
nament will be held Thursday eve
ning at 8 o'clock in the Pavilion. '
The all-University wrestling tour
nament will be held Thursday eve
ning at 8 o'clock in the Pavilion. '
The all-University wrestling tour
nament will be held Thursday eve
ning at 8 o'clock in the Pavilion. '
The all-University wrestling tour
nament will be held Thursday eve
ning at 8 o'clock in the Pavilion. '
The all-University wrestling tour
nament will be held Thursday eve
ning at 8 o'clock in the Pavilion. '
