# ANNOUNCEMENTS
## 
### 
MONDAY
12:15 p.m. —International Table in
the Alcove of the Union. Open to
all American and foreign students.
7 to 8 p.m. — Graduate students'
jolly-up in the Women's Club
house, given by the Blue Stocking
Club. All graduate men arc in
vited.
7:15 p.m.—Orchesis will meet in the
dance studio of the Women's Gym.
TUESDAY
12:10 p.m. —German Table in the
main dining room of the Union.
All those interested in German
conversation cordially invited to
attend.
2:30 p.m.—Mothers' Club in the
Women's Clubhouse. Student con
cert arranged by Mrs. Charles
Mosef.
2:30 p.m.—The sewing group of the
Stanford Dames will meet at the
home of Mrs. Frank Eastman, 354
Portola.
7:30 p.m.—A program of folk songs
and dances from picturesquplands,
by Ellenor Cook. Assembly Hall.
The public is invited.
WEDNESDAY
8 p.m.—Science Association in the
Faculty Clubhouse. Speaker: Pro
fessor G. D. Shafer. Subject: "The
Effects of Extra Calcium on the
Mammalian Heart."
THURSDAY
2 p.m.—The bridge group of the
Stanford Dames will meet in the
Women's Clubhouse.
