# THETA DELT PLEDGE
## 
### 
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of George Murray, Class
of '34. %
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of George Murray, Class
of '34. %
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of George Murray, Class
of '34. %
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of George Murray, Class
of '34. %
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of George Murray, Class
of '34. %
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of George Murray, Class
of '34. %
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of George Murray, Class
of '34. %
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of George Murray, Class
of '34. %
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of George Murray, Class
of '34. %
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of George Murray, Class
of '34. %
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of George Murray, Class
of '34. %
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of George Murray, Class
of '34. %
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of George Murray, Class
of '34. %
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of George Murray, Class
of '34. %
