# BABES DOWN JINX TO TRIM PALY HIGH QUINTET, 23 TO 19
## Nobs Stars As Reserves Whip Pittsburg Hi In Dull Game 
### 
A long string of basketball defeats
at the hands of Palo Alto High
School was finally ended Saturday
night when the Stanford freshman
cagers defeated the Vikings, 23 to
19. With a 10 to 0 lead at the be
ginning of the second quarter, how
ever, it looked as though Hod Ray's
outfit was going to continue its cus
tom of upsetting frosh basketball
teams.
Defense lagged
Ragged on defense and with their
offense completely stopped, t'he
freshmen seemed headed for sure
defeat. At this point Coach Brad
shaw sent in his new find, Kenneth
Nobs, high-point man of the previ
ous night's game against Pittsburg
High. Reversing their hitherto slop
py showing, the Babes began to
click and managed to score six
points to Palo Alto's twelve by the
end of the half.
With Mannion, Vigule, and Nobs
all dropping them in, the freshmen
came back strong in the second half
to run up 17 more points to seven
for the Vikings.
A long string of basketball defeats
at the hands of Palo Alto High
School was finally ended Saturday
night when the Stanford freshman
cagers defeated the Vikings, 23 to
19. With a 10 to 0 lead at the be
ginning of the second quarter, how
ever, it looked as though Hod Ray's
outfit was going to continue its cus
tom of upsetting frosh basketball
teams.
Defense lagged
Ragged on defense and with their
offense completely stopped, t'he
freshmen seemed headed for sure
defeat. At this point Coach Brad
shaw sent in his new find, Kenneth
Nobs, high-point man of the previ
ous night's game against Pittsburg
High. Reversing their hitherto slop
py showing, the Babes began to
click and managed to score six
points to Palo Alto's twelve by the
end of the half.
With Mannion, Vigule, and Nobs
all dropping them in, the freshmen
came back strong in the second half
to run up 17 more points to seven
for the Vikings.
A long string of basketball defeats
at the hands of Palo Alto High
School was finally ended Saturday
night when the Stanford freshman
cagers defeated the Vikings, 23 to
19. With a 10 to 0 lead at the be
ginning of the second quarter, how
ever, it looked as though Hod Ray's
outfit was going to continue its cus
tom of upsetting frosh basketball
teams.
Defense lagged
Ragged on defense and with their
offense completely stopped, t'he
freshmen seemed headed for sure
defeat. At this point Coach Brad
shaw sent in his new find, Kenneth
Nobs, high-point man of the previ
ous night's game against Pittsburg
High. Reversing their hitherto slop
py showing, the Babes began to
click and managed to score six
points to Palo Alto's twelve by the
end of the half.
With Mannion, Vigule, and Nobs
all dropping them in, the freshmen
came back strong in the second half
to run up 17 more points to seven
for the Vikings.
A long string of basketball defeats
at the hands of Palo Alto High
School was finally ended Saturday
night when the Stanford freshman
cagers defeated the Vikings, 23 to
19. With a 10 to 0 lead at the be
ginning of the second quarter, how
ever, it looked as though Hod Ray's
outfit was going to continue its cus
tom of upsetting frosh basketball
teams.
Defense lagged
Ragged on defense and with their
offense completely stopped, t'he
freshmen seemed headed for sure
defeat. At this point Coach Brad
shaw sent in his new find, Kenneth
Nobs, high-point man of the previ
ous night's game against Pittsburg
High. Reversing their hitherto slop
py showing, the Babes began to
click and managed to score six
points to Palo Alto's twelve by the
end of the half.
With Mannion, Vigule, and Nobs
all dropping them in, the freshmen
came back strong in the second half
to run up 17 more points to seven
for the Vikings.
A long string of basketball defeats
at the hands of Palo Alto High
School was finally ended Saturday
night when the Stanford freshman
cagers defeated the Vikings, 23 to
19. With a 10 to 0 lead at the be
ginning of the second quarter, how
ever, it looked as though Hod Ray's
outfit was going to continue its cus
tom of upsetting frosh basketball
teams.
Defense lagged
Ragged on defense and with their
offense completely stopped, t'he
freshmen seemed headed for sure
defeat. At this point Coach Brad
shaw sent in his new find, Kenneth
Nobs, high-point man of the previ
ous night's game against Pittsburg
High. Reversing their hitherto slop
py showing, the Babes began to
click and managed to score six
points to Palo Alto's twelve by the
end of the half.
With Mannion, Vigule, and Nobs
all dropping them in, the freshmen
came back strong in the second half
to run up 17 more points to seven
for the Vikings.
A long string of basketball defeats
at the hands of Palo Alto High
School was finally ended Saturday
night when the Stanford freshman
cagers defeated the Vikings, 23 to
19. With a 10 to 0 lead at the be
ginning of the second quarter, how
ever, it looked as though Hod Ray's
outfit was going to continue its cus
tom of upsetting frosh basketball
teams.
Defense lagged
Ragged on defense and with their
offense completely stopped, t'he
freshmen seemed headed for sure
defeat. At this point Coach Brad
shaw sent in his new find, Kenneth
Nobs, high-point man of the previ
ous night's game against Pittsburg
High. Reversing their hitherto slop
py showing, the Babes began to
click and managed to score six
points to Palo Alto's twelve by the
end of the half.
With Mannion, Vigule, and Nobs
all dropping them in, the freshmen
came back strong in the second half
to run up 17 more points to seven
for the Vikings.
A long string of basketball defeats
at the hands of Palo Alto High
School was finally ended Saturday
night when the Stanford freshman
cagers defeated the Vikings, 23 to
19. With a 10 to 0 lead at the be
ginning of the second quarter, how
ever, it looked as though Hod Ray's
outfit was going to continue its cus
tom of upsetting frosh basketball
teams.
Defense lagged
Ragged on defense and with their
offense completely stopped, t'he
freshmen seemed headed for sure
defeat. At this point Coach Brad
shaw sent in his new find, Kenneth
Nobs, high-point man of the previ
ous night's game against Pittsburg
High. Reversing their hitherto slop
py showing, the Babes began to
click and managed to score six
points to Palo Alto's twelve by the
end of the half.
With Mannion, Vigule, and Nobs
all dropping them in, the freshmen
came back strong in the second half
to run up 17 more points to seven
for the Vikings.
A long string of basketball defeats
at the hands of Palo Alto High
School was finally ended Saturday
night when the Stanford freshman
cagers defeated the Vikings, 23 to
19. With a 10 to 0 lead at the be
ginning of the second quarter, how
ever, it looked as though Hod Ray's
outfit was going to continue its cus
tom of upsetting frosh basketball
teams.
Defense lagged
Ragged on defense and with their
offense completely stopped, t'he
freshmen seemed headed for sure
defeat. At this point Coach Brad
shaw sent in his new find, Kenneth
Nobs, high-point man of the previ
ous night's game against Pittsburg
High. Reversing their hitherto slop
py showing, the Babes began to
click and managed to score six
points to Palo Alto's twelve by the
end of the half.
With Mannion, Vigule, and Nobs
all dropping them in, the freshmen
came back strong in the second half
to run up 17 more points to seven
for the Vikings.
A long string of basketball defeats
at the hands of Palo Alto High
School was finally ended Saturday
night when the Stanford freshman
cagers defeated the Vikings, 23 to
19. With a 10 to 0 lead at the be
ginning of the second quarter, how
ever, it looked as though Hod Ray's
outfit was going to continue its cus
tom of upsetting frosh basketball
teams.
Defense lagged
Ragged on defense and with their
offense completely stopped, t'he
freshmen seemed headed for sure
defeat. At this point Coach Brad
shaw sent in his new find, Kenneth
Nobs, high-point man of the previ
ous night's game against Pittsburg
High. Reversing their hitherto slop
py showing, the Babes began to
click and managed to score six
points to Palo Alto's twelve by the
end of the half.
With Mannion, Vigule, and Nobs
all dropping them in, the freshmen
came back strong in the second half
to run up 17 more points to seven
for the Vikings.
A long string of basketball defeats
at the hands of Palo Alto High
School was finally ended Saturday
night when the Stanford freshman
cagers defeated the Vikings, 23 to
19. With a 10 to 0 lead at the be
ginning of the second quarter, how
ever, it looked as though Hod Ray's
outfit was going to continue its cus
tom of upsetting frosh basketball
teams.
Defense lagged
Ragged on defense and with their
offense completely stopped, t'he
freshmen seemed headed for sure
defeat. At this point Coach Brad
shaw sent in his new find, Kenneth
Nobs, high-point man of the previ
ous night's game against Pittsburg
High. Reversing their hitherto slop
py showing, the Babes began to
click and managed to score six
points to Palo Alto's twelve by the
end of the half.
With Mannion, Vigule, and Nobs
all dropping them in, the freshmen
came back strong in the second half
to run up 17 more points to seven
for the Vikings.
A long string of basketball defeats
at the hands of Palo Alto High
School was finally ended Saturday
night when the Stanford freshman
cagers defeated the Vikings, 23 to
19. With a 10 to 0 lead at the be
ginning of the second quarter, how
ever, it looked as though Hod Ray's
outfit was going to continue its cus
tom of upsetting frosh basketball
teams.
Defense lagged
Ragged on defense and with their
offense completely stopped, t'he
freshmen seemed headed for sure
defeat. At this point Coach Brad
shaw sent in his new find, Kenneth
Nobs, high-point man of the previ
ous night's game against Pittsburg
High. Reversing their hitherto slop
py showing, the Babes began to
click and managed to score six
points to Palo Alto's twelve by the
end of the half.
With Mannion, Vigule, and Nobs
all dropping them in, the freshmen
came back strong in the second half
to run up 17 more points to seven
for the Vikings.
A long string of basketball defeats
at the hands of Palo Alto High
School was finally ended Saturday
night when the Stanford freshman
cagers defeated the Vikings, 23 to
19. With a 10 to 0 lead at the be
ginning of the second quarter, how
ever, it looked as though Hod Ray's
outfit was going to continue its cus
tom of upsetting frosh basketball
teams.
Defense lagged
Ragged on defense and with their
offense completely stopped, t'he
freshmen seemed headed for sure
defeat. At this point Coach Brad
shaw sent in his new find, Kenneth
Nobs, high-point man of the previ
ous night's game against Pittsburg
High. Reversing their hitherto slop
py showing, the Babes began to
click and managed to score six
points to Palo Alto's twelve by the
end of the half.
With Mannion, Vigule, and Nobs
all dropping them in, the freshmen
came back strong in the second half
to run up 17 more points to seven
for the Vikings.
A long string of basketball defeats
at the hands of Palo Alto High
School was finally ended Saturday
night when the Stanford freshman
cagers defeated the Vikings, 23 to
19. With a 10 to 0 lead at the be
ginning of the second quarter, how
ever, it looked as though Hod Ray's
outfit was going to continue its cus
tom of upsetting frosh basketball
teams.
Defense lagged
Ragged on defense and with their
offense completely stopped, t'he
freshmen seemed headed for sure
defeat. At this point Coach Brad
shaw sent in his new find, Kenneth
Nobs, high-point man of the previ
ous night's game against Pittsburg
High. Reversing their hitherto slop
py showing, the Babes began to
click and managed to score six
points to Palo Alto's twelve by the
end of the half.
With Mannion, Vigule, and Nobs
all dropping them in, the freshmen
came back strong in the second half
to run up 17 more points to seven
for the Vikings.
A long string of basketball defeats
at the hands of Palo Alto High
School was finally ended Saturday
night when the Stanford freshman
cagers defeated the Vikings, 23 to
19. With a 10 to 0 lead at the be
ginning of the second quarter, how
ever, it looked as though Hod Ray's
outfit was going to continue its cus
tom of upsetting frosh basketball
teams.
Defense lagged
Ragged on defense and with their
offense completely stopped, t'he
freshmen seemed headed for sure
defeat. At this point Coach Brad
shaw sent in his new find, Kenneth
Nobs, high-point man of the previ
ous night's game against Pittsburg
High. Reversing their hitherto slop
py showing, the Babes began to
click and managed to score six
points to Palo Alto's twelve by the
end of the half.
With Mannion, Vigule, and Nobs
all dropping them in, the freshmen
came back strong in the second half
to run up 17 more points to seven
for the Vikings.
