# SPANISH EX-PREMIER DIES
## 
### 
MADRID, Feb. 19 (/P)—Admiral
Juan Bautista Aznar, who wos the
last Premier of Spain under the
monarchy, died today. He was G3
vears old.
MADRID, Feb. 19 (/P)—Admiral
Juan Bautista Aznar, who wos the
last Premier of Spain under the
monarchy, died today. He was G3
vears old.
MADRID, Feb. 19 (/P)—Admiral
Juan Bautista Aznar, who wos the
last Premier of Spain under the
monarchy, died today. He was G3
vears old.
MADRID, Feb. 19 (/P)—Admiral
Juan Bautista Aznar, who wos the
last Premier of Spain under the
monarchy, died today. He was G3
vears old.
MADRID, Feb. 19 (/P)—Admiral
Juan Bautista Aznar, who wos the
last Premier of Spain under the
monarchy, died today. He was G3
vears old.
MADRID, Feb. 19 (/P)—Admiral
Juan Bautista Aznar, who wos the
last Premier of Spain under the
monarchy, died today. He was G3
vears old.
MADRID, Feb. 19 (/P)—Admiral
Juan Bautista Aznar, who wos the
last Premier of Spain under the
monarchy, died today. He was G3
vears old.
MADRID, Feb. 19 (/P)—Admiral
Juan Bautista Aznar, who wos the
last Premier of Spain under the
monarchy, died today. He was G3
vears old.
MADRID, Feb. 19 (/P)—Admiral
Juan Bautista Aznar, who wos the
last Premier of Spain under the
monarchy, died today. He was G3
vears old.
MADRID, Feb. 19 (/P)—Admiral
Juan Bautista Aznar, who wos the
last Premier of Spain under the
monarchy, died today. He was G3
vears old.
MADRID, Feb. 19 (/P)—Admiral
Juan Bautista Aznar, who wos the
last Premier of Spain under the
monarchy, died today. He was G3
vears old.
MADRID, Feb. 19 (/P)—Admiral
Juan Bautista Aznar, who wos the
last Premier of Spain under the
monarchy, died today. He was G3
vears old.
MADRID, Feb. 19 (/P)—Admiral
Juan Bautista Aznar, who wos the
last Premier of Spain under the
monarchy, died today. He was G3
vears old.
MADRID, Feb. 19 (/P)—Admiral
Juan Bautista Aznar, who wos the
last Premier of Spain under the
monarchy, died today. He was G3
vears old.
