# Interviews Slated For Science Jobs
## 
### 
Positions in the fields of chemis
try, physics, engineering, and math
arc open for seniors and graduates
with the United States Naval Ra
diological Laboratory and North
American Aviation, Inc.
Interviews for jobs in chemistry,
physics, and math will be conducted
by Dr. Teresi of the radiological
laboratory Oct. 26 on campus.
Positions in the fields of chemis
try, physics, engineering, and math
arc open for seniors and graduates
with the United States Naval Ra
diological Laboratory and North
American Aviation, Inc.
Interviews for jobs in chemistry,
physics, and math will be conducted
by Dr. Teresi of the radiological
laboratory Oct. 26 on campus.
Positions in the fields of chemis
try, physics, engineering, and math
arc open for seniors and graduates
with the United States Naval Ra
diological Laboratory and North
American Aviation, Inc.
Interviews for jobs in chemistry,
physics, and math will be conducted
by Dr. Teresi of the radiological
laboratory Oct. 26 on campus.
Positions in the fields of chemis
try, physics, engineering, and math
arc open for seniors and graduates
with the United States Naval Ra
diological Laboratory and North
American Aviation, Inc.
Interviews for jobs in chemistry,
physics, and math will be conducted
by Dr. Teresi of the radiological
laboratory Oct. 26 on campus.
Positions in the fields of chemis
try, physics, engineering, and math
arc open for seniors and graduates
with the United States Naval Ra
diological Laboratory and North
American Aviation, Inc.
Interviews for jobs in chemistry,
physics, and math will be conducted
by Dr. Teresi of the radiological
laboratory Oct. 26 on campus.
Positions in the fields of chemis
try, physics, engineering, and math
arc open for seniors and graduates
with the United States Naval Ra
diological Laboratory and North
American Aviation, Inc.
Interviews for jobs in chemistry,
physics, and math will be conducted
by Dr. Teresi of the radiological
laboratory Oct. 26 on campus.
Positions in the fields of chemis
try, physics, engineering, and math
arc open for seniors and graduates
with the United States Naval Ra
diological Laboratory and North
American Aviation, Inc.
Interviews for jobs in chemistry,
physics, and math will be conducted
by Dr. Teresi of the radiological
laboratory Oct. 26 on campus.
Positions in the fields of chemis
try, physics, engineering, and math
arc open for seniors and graduates
with the United States Naval Ra
diological Laboratory and North
American Aviation, Inc.
Interviews for jobs in chemistry,
physics, and math will be conducted
by Dr. Teresi of the radiological
laboratory Oct. 26 on campus.
Positions in the fields of chemis
try, physics, engineering, and math
arc open for seniors and graduates
with the United States Naval Ra
diological Laboratory and North
American Aviation, Inc.
Interviews for jobs in chemistry,
physics, and math will be conducted
by Dr. Teresi of the radiological
laboratory Oct. 26 on campus.
Positions in the fields of chemis
try, physics, engineering, and math
arc open for seniors and graduates
with the United States Naval Ra
diological Laboratory and North
American Aviation, Inc.
Interviews for jobs in chemistry,
physics, and math will be conducted
by Dr. Teresi of the radiological
laboratory Oct. 26 on campus.
Positions in the fields of chemis
try, physics, engineering, and math
arc open for seniors and graduates
with the United States Naval Ra
diological Laboratory and North
American Aviation, Inc.
Interviews for jobs in chemistry,
physics, and math will be conducted
by Dr. Teresi of the radiological
laboratory Oct. 26 on campus.
Positions in the fields of chemis
try, physics, engineering, and math
arc open for seniors and graduates
with the United States Naval Ra
diological Laboratory and North
American Aviation, Inc.
Interviews for jobs in chemistry,
physics, and math will be conducted
by Dr. Teresi of the radiological
laboratory Oct. 26 on campus.
Positions in the fields of chemis
try, physics, engineering, and math
arc open for seniors and graduates
with the United States Naval Ra
diological Laboratory and North
American Aviation, Inc.
Interviews for jobs in chemistry,
physics, and math will be conducted
by Dr. Teresi of the radiological
laboratory Oct. 26 on campus.
Positions in the fields of chemis
try, physics, engineering, and math
arc open for seniors and graduates
with the United States Naval Ra
diological Laboratory and North
American Aviation, Inc.
Interviews for jobs in chemistry,
physics, and math will be conducted
by Dr. Teresi of the radiological
laboratory Oct. 26 on campus.
Positions in the fields of chemis
try, physics, engineering, and math
arc open for seniors and graduates
with the United States Naval Ra
diological Laboratory and North
American Aviation, Inc.
Interviews for jobs in chemistry,
physics, and math will be conducted
by Dr. Teresi of the radiological
laboratory Oct. 26 on campus.
