# Retail Clinic To Meet Here
## 
### 
Leading merchants will join with
Stanford School of Business faculty
members in presenting a retail clin
ic Monday, Oct. 22, at Stanford.
The clinic, first to be held in the
Bay Area under a new nationwide
program of the National Associa
tion of Retail Clothiers and Fur
nishers, will be open at 10 a.m. at
the Stanford Business School.
Robert F. Palmer, president of
Eagleson's in San Francisco and di
rector of the NARCF, has arranged
the program.
Palmer announced that those in
terested in attending the clinic, for
which the fee will be ยง5, should
contact him at 726 Market Street,
San Francisco, or get in touch with
Don Dawson, manager of Wide
man's, Palo Alto.
