# DISTAFF CLUB
## 
### 
The arts and crafts section of the
Distaff Club will open its fall pro
gram at the home of Mrs. Jack
Shoup, G22 Cabrillo Street, tonight
at 8.
The arts and crafts section of the
Distaff Club will open its fall pro
gram at the home of Mrs. Jack
Shoup, G22 Cabrillo Street, tonight
at 8.
The arts and crafts section of the
Distaff Club will open its fall pro
gram at the home of Mrs. Jack
Shoup, G22 Cabrillo Street, tonight
at 8.
The arts and crafts section of the
Distaff Club will open its fall pro
gram at the home of Mrs. Jack
Shoup, G22 Cabrillo Street, tonight
at 8.
The arts and crafts section of the
Distaff Club will open its fall pro
gram at the home of Mrs. Jack
Shoup, G22 Cabrillo Street, tonight
at 8.
The arts and crafts section of the
Distaff Club will open its fall pro
gram at the home of Mrs. Jack
Shoup, G22 Cabrillo Street, tonight
at 8.
The arts and crafts section of the
Distaff Club will open its fall pro
gram at the home of Mrs. Jack
Shoup, G22 Cabrillo Street, tonight
at 8.
The arts and crafts section of the
Distaff Club will open its fall pro
gram at the home of Mrs. Jack
Shoup, G22 Cabrillo Street, tonight
at 8.
The arts and crafts section of the
Distaff Club will open its fall pro
gram at the home of Mrs. Jack
Shoup, G22 Cabrillo Street, tonight
at 8.
The arts and crafts section of the
Distaff Club will open its fall pro
gram at the home of Mrs. Jack
Shoup, G22 Cabrillo Street, tonight
at 8.
The arts and crafts section of the
Distaff Club will open its fall pro
gram at the home of Mrs. Jack
Shoup, G22 Cabrillo Street, tonight
at 8.
The arts and crafts section of the
Distaff Club will open its fall pro
gram at the home of Mrs. Jack
Shoup, G22 Cabrillo Street, tonight
at 8.
The arts and crafts section of the
Distaff Club will open its fall pro
gram at the home of Mrs. Jack
Shoup, G22 Cabrillo Street, tonight
at 8.
The arts and crafts section of the
Distaff Club will open its fall pro
gram at the home of Mrs. Jack
Shoup, G22 Cabrillo Street, tonight
at 8.
The arts and crafts section of the
Distaff Club will open its fall pro
gram at the home of Mrs. Jack
Shoup, G22 Cabrillo Street, tonight
at 8.
