# YMCA Meets Today; Wants Gray-Y Workers
## 
### 
Stanford's YMCA is seeking stu
dents interested in youth work to
become leaders in the Palo Alto
"Gray-Y" movement.
Stanford's YMCA is seeking stu
dents interested in youth work to
become leaders in the Palo Alto
"Gray-Y" movement.
Stanford's YMCA is seeking stu
dents interested in youth work to
become leaders in the Palo Alto
"Gray-Y" movement.
Stanford's YMCA is seeking stu
dents interested in youth work to
become leaders in the Palo Alto
"Gray-Y" movement.
Stanford's YMCA is seeking stu
dents interested in youth work to
become leaders in the Palo Alto
"Gray-Y" movement.
Stanford's YMCA is seeking stu
dents interested in youth work to
become leaders in the Palo Alto
"Gray-Y" movement.
Stanford's YMCA is seeking stu
dents interested in youth work to
become leaders in the Palo Alto
"Gray-Y" movement.
Stanford's YMCA is seeking stu
dents interested in youth work to
become leaders in the Palo Alto
"Gray-Y" movement.
Stanford's YMCA is seeking stu
dents interested in youth work to
become leaders in the Palo Alto
"Gray-Y" movement.
Stanford's YMCA is seeking stu
dents interested in youth work to
become leaders in the Palo Alto
"Gray-Y" movement.
Stanford's YMCA is seeking stu
dents interested in youth work to
become leaders in the Palo Alto
"Gray-Y" movement.
Stanford's YMCA is seeking stu
dents interested in youth work to
become leaders in the Palo Alto
"Gray-Y" movement.
Stanford's YMCA is seeking stu
dents interested in youth work to
become leaders in the Palo Alto
"Gray-Y" movement.
Stanford's YMCA is seeking stu
dents interested in youth work to
become leaders in the Palo Alto
"Gray-Y" movement.
Stanford's YMCA is seeking stu
dents interested in youth work to
become leaders in the Palo Alto
"Gray-Y" movement.
