# Government Needs Agriculture Aides
## 
### 
Junior agricultural assistants arc
needed by the Department of Agri
culture and the Department of the
Interior to serve in Washington,
D.C., and throughout the United
States.
Applicants must have completed a
four-year college course leading to
at least a Bachelor's degree. Stu
dents expecting to complete their
courses by June 30, 1952, may also
apply.
Those interested may get appli
cations at a first- or second-class
post office or the Civil Service of
fice, 129 Appraisers Building. 630
Sansome Street. San Francisco 11.
Junior agricultural assistants arc
needed by the Department of Agri
culture and the Department of the
Interior to serve in Washington,
D.C., and throughout the United
States.
Applicants must have completed a
four-year college course leading to
at least a Bachelor's degree. Stu
dents expecting to complete their
courses by June 30, 1952, may also
apply.
Those interested may get appli
cations at a first- or second-class
post office or the Civil Service of
fice, 129 Appraisers Building. 630
Sansome Street. San Francisco 11.
Junior agricultural assistants arc
needed by the Department of Agri
culture and the Department of the
Interior to serve in Washington,
D.C., and throughout the United
States.
Applicants must have completed a
four-year college course leading to
at least a Bachelor's degree. Stu
dents expecting to complete their
courses by June 30, 1952, may also
apply.
Those interested may get appli
cations at a first- or second-class
post office or the Civil Service of
fice, 129 Appraisers Building. 630
Sansome Street. San Francisco 11.
Junior agricultural assistants arc
needed by the Department of Agri
culture and the Department of the
Interior to serve in Washington,
D.C., and throughout the United
States.
Applicants must have completed a
four-year college course leading to
at least a Bachelor's degree. Stu
dents expecting to complete their
courses by June 30, 1952, may also
apply.
Those interested may get appli
cations at a first- or second-class
post office or the Civil Service of
fice, 129 Appraisers Building. 630
Sansome Street. San Francisco 11.
Junior agricultural assistants arc
needed by the Department of Agri
culture and the Department of the
Interior to serve in Washington,
D.C., and throughout the United
States.
Applicants must have completed a
four-year college course leading to
at least a Bachelor's degree. Stu
dents expecting to complete their
courses by June 30, 1952, may also
apply.
Those interested may get appli
cations at a first- or second-class
post office or the Civil Service of
fice, 129 Appraisers Building. 630
Sansome Street. San Francisco 11.
Junior agricultural assistants arc
needed by the Department of Agri
culture and the Department of the
Interior to serve in Washington,
D.C., and throughout the United
States.
Applicants must have completed a
four-year college course leading to
at least a Bachelor's degree. Stu
dents expecting to complete their
courses by June 30, 1952, may also
apply.
Those interested may get appli
cations at a first- or second-class
post office or the Civil Service of
fice, 129 Appraisers Building. 630
Sansome Street. San Francisco 11.
Junior agricultural assistants arc
needed by the Department of Agri
culture and the Department of the
Interior to serve in Washington,
D.C., and throughout the United
States.
Applicants must have completed a
four-year college course leading to
at least a Bachelor's degree. Stu
dents expecting to complete their
courses by June 30, 1952, may also
apply.
Those interested may get appli
cations at a first- or second-class
post office or the Civil Service of
fice, 129 Appraisers Building. 630
Sansome Street. San Francisco 11.
Junior agricultural assistants arc
needed by the Department of Agri
culture and the Department of the
Interior to serve in Washington,
D.C., and throughout the United
States.
Applicants must have completed a
four-year college course leading to
at least a Bachelor's degree. Stu
dents expecting to complete their
courses by June 30, 1952, may also
apply.
Those interested may get appli
cations at a first- or second-class
post office or the Civil Service of
fice, 129 Appraisers Building. 630
Sansome Street. San Francisco 11.
Junior agricultural assistants arc
needed by the Department of Agri
culture and the Department of the
Interior to serve in Washington,
D.C., and throughout the United
States.
Applicants must have completed a
four-year college course leading to
at least a Bachelor's degree. Stu
dents expecting to complete their
courses by June 30, 1952, may also
apply.
Those interested may get appli
cations at a first- or second-class
post office or the Civil Service of
fice, 129 Appraisers Building. 630
Sansome Street. San Francisco 11.
Junior agricultural assistants arc
needed by the Department of Agri
culture and the Department of the
Interior to serve in Washington,
D.C., and throughout the United
States.
Applicants must have completed a
four-year college course leading to
at least a Bachelor's degree. Stu
dents expecting to complete their
courses by June 30, 1952, may also
apply.
Those interested may get appli
cations at a first- or second-class
post office or the Civil Service of
fice, 129 Appraisers Building. 630
Sansome Street. San Francisco 11.
Junior agricultural assistants arc
needed by the Department of Agri
culture and the Department of the
Interior to serve in Washington,
D.C., and throughout the United
States.
Applicants must have completed a
four-year college course leading to
at least a Bachelor's degree. Stu
dents expecting to complete their
courses by June 30, 1952, may also
apply.
Those interested may get appli
cations at a first- or second-class
post office or the Civil Service of
fice, 129 Appraisers Building. 630
Sansome Street. San Francisco 11.
Junior agricultural assistants arc
needed by the Department of Agri
culture and the Department of the
Interior to serve in Washington,
D.C., and throughout the United
States.
Applicants must have completed a
four-year college course leading to
at least a Bachelor's degree. Stu
dents expecting to complete their
courses by June 30, 1952, may also
apply.
Those interested may get appli
cations at a first- or second-class
post office or the Civil Service of
fice, 129 Appraisers Building. 630
Sansome Street. San Francisco 11.
Junior agricultural assistants arc
needed by the Department of Agri
culture and the Department of the
Interior to serve in Washington,
D.C., and throughout the United
States.
Applicants must have completed a
four-year college course leading to
at least a Bachelor's degree. Stu
dents expecting to complete their
courses by June 30, 1952, may also
apply.
Those interested may get appli
cations at a first- or second-class
post office or the Civil Service of
fice, 129 Appraisers Building. 630
Sansome Street. San Francisco 11.
Junior agricultural assistants arc
needed by the Department of Agri
culture and the Department of the
Interior to serve in Washington,
D.C., and throughout the United
States.
Applicants must have completed a
four-year college course leading to
at least a Bachelor's degree. Stu
dents expecting to complete their
courses by June 30, 1952, may also
apply.
Those interested may get appli
cations at a first- or second-class
post office or the Civil Service of
fice, 129 Appraisers Building. 630
Sansome Street. San Francisco 11.
Junior agricultural assistants arc
needed by the Department of Agri
culture and the Department of the
Interior to serve in Washington,
D.C., and throughout the United
States.
Applicants must have completed a
four-year college course leading to
at least a Bachelor's degree. Stu
dents expecting to complete their
courses by June 30, 1952, may also
apply.
Those interested may get appli
cations at a first- or second-class
post office or the Civil Service of
fice, 129 Appraisers Building. 630
Sansome Street. San Francisco 11.
