# INTERNATIONAL DINNER
## 
### 
International Club will cook for
eign dishes for an International
dinner to be held at the end of UN
Week, Oct. 27.
International Club will cook for
eign dishes for an International
dinner to be held at the end of UN
Week, Oct. 27.
International Club will cook for
eign dishes for an International
dinner to be held at the end of UN
Week, Oct. 27.
International Club will cook for
eign dishes for an International
dinner to be held at the end of UN
Week, Oct. 27.
International Club will cook for
eign dishes for an International
dinner to be held at the end of UN
Week, Oct. 27.
International Club will cook for
eign dishes for an International
dinner to be held at the end of UN
Week, Oct. 27.
International Club will cook for
eign dishes for an International
dinner to be held at the end of UN
Week, Oct. 27.
International Club will cook for
eign dishes for an International
dinner to be held at the end of UN
Week, Oct. 27.
International Club will cook for
eign dishes for an International
dinner to be held at the end of UN
Week, Oct. 27.
International Club will cook for
eign dishes for an International
dinner to be held at the end of UN
Week, Oct. 27.
International Club will cook for
eign dishes for an International
dinner to be held at the end of UN
Week, Oct. 27.
International Club will cook for
eign dishes for an International
dinner to be held at the end of UN
Week, Oct. 27.
International Club will cook for
eign dishes for an International
dinner to be held at the end of UN
Week, Oct. 27.
International Club will cook for
eign dishes for an International
dinner to be held at the end of UN
Week, Oct. 27.
International Club will cook for
eign dishes for an International
dinner to be held at the end of UN
Week, Oct. 27.
