# BSU-Arena
## 
### 
The verbal confrontation
between the Black Students
Union and the Arena will
explode this afternoon at 4:15
in Cubberly.
Speaking for the BSU will be
Leo Bazile, a co-chairman, and
Dave Edwards, ASSU chairman
and a member of the BSU.
Defending the Arena will be
Harvey Hukari, former
president of the Young
Americans for Freedom and
editor of the Arena, and Roger
Reed, author of the article in
question.
BSU has charged that the
article, published last
Thursday, was racist and
inflammatory.
The verbal confrontation
between the Black Students
Union and the Arena will
explode this afternoon at 4:15
in Cubberly.
Speaking for the BSU will be
Leo Bazile, a co-chairman, and
Dave Edwards, ASSU chairman
and a member of the BSU.
Defending the Arena will be
Harvey Hukari, former
president of the Young
Americans for Freedom and
editor of the Arena, and Roger
Reed, author of the article in
question.
BSU has charged that the
article, published last
Thursday, was racist and
inflammatory.
The verbal confrontation
between the Black Students
Union and the Arena will
explode this afternoon at 4:15
in Cubberly.
Speaking for the BSU will be
Leo Bazile, a co-chairman, and
Dave Edwards, ASSU chairman
and a member of the BSU.
Defending the Arena will be
Harvey Hukari, former
president of the Young
Americans for Freedom and
editor of the Arena, and Roger
Reed, author of the article in
question.
BSU has charged that the
article, published last
Thursday, was racist and
inflammatory.
The verbal confrontation
between the Black Students
Union and the Arena will
explode this afternoon at 4:15
in Cubberly.
Speaking for the BSU will be
Leo Bazile, a co-chairman, and
Dave Edwards, ASSU chairman
and a member of the BSU.
Defending the Arena will be
Harvey Hukari, former
president of the Young
Americans for Freedom and
editor of the Arena, and Roger
Reed, author of the article in
question.
BSU has charged that the
article, published last
Thursday, was racist and
inflammatory.
The verbal confrontation
between the Black Students
Union and the Arena will
explode this afternoon at 4:15
in Cubberly.
Speaking for the BSU will be
Leo Bazile, a co-chairman, and
Dave Edwards, ASSU chairman
and a member of the BSU.
Defending the Arena will be
Harvey Hukari, former
president of the Young
Americans for Freedom and
editor of the Arena, and Roger
Reed, author of the article in
question.
BSU has charged that the
article, published last
Thursday, was racist and
inflammatory.
The verbal confrontation
between the Black Students
Union and the Arena will
explode this afternoon at 4:15
in Cubberly.
Speaking for the BSU will be
Leo Bazile, a co-chairman, and
Dave Edwards, ASSU chairman
and a member of the BSU.
Defending the Arena will be
Harvey Hukari, former
president of the Young
Americans for Freedom and
editor of the Arena, and Roger
Reed, author of the article in
question.
BSU has charged that the
article, published last
Thursday, was racist and
inflammatory.
The verbal confrontation
between the Black Students
Union and the Arena will
explode this afternoon at 4:15
in Cubberly.
Speaking for the BSU will be
Leo Bazile, a co-chairman, and
Dave Edwards, ASSU chairman
and a member of the BSU.
Defending the Arena will be
Harvey Hukari, former
president of the Young
Americans for Freedom and
editor of the Arena, and Roger
Reed, author of the article in
question.
BSU has charged that the
article, published last
Thursday, was racist and
inflammatory.
The verbal confrontation
between the Black Students
Union and the Arena will
explode this afternoon at 4:15
in Cubberly.
Speaking for the BSU will be
Leo Bazile, a co-chairman, and
Dave Edwards, ASSU chairman
and a member of the BSU.
Defending the Arena will be
Harvey Hukari, former
president of the Young
Americans for Freedom and
editor of the Arena, and Roger
Reed, author of the article in
question.
BSU has charged that the
article, published last
Thursday, was racist and
inflammatory.
The verbal confrontation
between the Black Students
Union and the Arena will
explode this afternoon at 4:15
in Cubberly.
Speaking for the BSU will be
Leo Bazile, a co-chairman, and
Dave Edwards, ASSU chairman
and a member of the BSU.
Defending the Arena will be
Harvey Hukari, former
president of the Young
Americans for Freedom and
editor of the Arena, and Roger
Reed, author of the article in
question.
BSU has charged that the
article, published last
Thursday, was racist and
inflammatory.
The verbal confrontation
between the Black Students
Union and the Arena will
explode this afternoon at 4:15
in Cubberly.
Speaking for the BSU will be
Leo Bazile, a co-chairman, and
Dave Edwards, ASSU chairman
and a member of the BSU.
Defending the Arena will be
Harvey Hukari, former
president of the Young
Americans for Freedom and
editor of the Arena, and Roger
Reed, author of the article in
question.
BSU has charged that the
article, published last
Thursday, was racist and
inflammatory.
The verbal confrontation
between the Black Students
Union and the Arena will
explode this afternoon at 4:15
in Cubberly.
Speaking for the BSU will be
Leo Bazile, a co-chairman, and
Dave Edwards, ASSU chairman
and a member of the BSU.
Defending the Arena will be
Harvey Hukari, former
president of the Young
Americans for Freedom and
editor of the Arena, and Roger
Reed, author of the article in
question.
BSU has charged that the
article, published last
Thursday, was racist and
inflammatory.
The verbal confrontation
between the Black Students
Union and the Arena will
explode this afternoon at 4:15
in Cubberly.
Speaking for the BSU will be
Leo Bazile, a co-chairman, and
Dave Edwards, ASSU chairman
and a member of the BSU.
Defending the Arena will be
Harvey Hukari, former
president of the Young
Americans for Freedom and
editor of the Arena, and Roger
Reed, author of the article in
question.
BSU has charged that the
article, published last
Thursday, was racist and
inflammatory.
The verbal confrontation
between the Black Students
Union and the Arena will
explode this afternoon at 4:15
in Cubberly.
Speaking for the BSU will be
Leo Bazile, a co-chairman, and
Dave Edwards, ASSU chairman
and a member of the BSU.
Defending the Arena will be
Harvey Hukari, former
president of the Young
Americans for Freedom and
editor of the Arena, and Roger
Reed, author of the article in
question.
BSU has charged that the
article, published last
Thursday, was racist and
inflammatory.
The verbal confrontation
between the Black Students
Union and the Arena will
explode this afternoon at 4:15
in Cubberly.
Speaking for the BSU will be
Leo Bazile, a co-chairman, and
Dave Edwards, ASSU chairman
and a member of the BSU.
Defending the Arena will be
Harvey Hukari, former
president of the Young
Americans for Freedom and
editor of the Arena, and Roger
Reed, author of the article in
question.
BSU has charged that the
article, published last
Thursday, was racist and
inflammatory.
The verbal confrontation
between the Black Students
Union and the Arena will
explode this afternoon at 4:15
in Cubberly.
Speaking for the BSU will be
Leo Bazile, a co-chairman, and
Dave Edwards, ASSU chairman
and a member of the BSU.
Defending the Arena will be
Harvey Hukari, former
president of the Young
Americans for Freedom and
editor of the Arena, and Roger
Reed, author of the article in
question.
BSU has charged that the
article, published last
Thursday, was racist and
inflammatory.
