# Civil Appointments Open to Juniors
## 
### 
College juniors arc now eligible '
to compete with seniors and grad- j
uates for appointments based on j
federal service entrance examina
tions, according to the Civil Serv-j
ice Commission.
College juniors arc now eligible '
to compete with seniors and grad- j
uates for appointments based on j
federal service entrance examina
tions, according to the Civil Serv-j
ice Commission.
College juniors arc now eligible '
to compete with seniors and grad- j
uates for appointments based on j
federal service entrance examina
tions, according to the Civil Serv-j
ice Commission.
College juniors arc now eligible '
to compete with seniors and grad- j
uates for appointments based on j
federal service entrance examina
tions, according to the Civil Serv-j
ice Commission.
College juniors arc now eligible '
to compete with seniors and grad- j
uates for appointments based on j
federal service entrance examina
tions, according to the Civil Serv-j
ice Commission.
College juniors arc now eligible '
to compete with seniors and grad- j
uates for appointments based on j
federal service entrance examina
tions, according to the Civil Serv-j
ice Commission.
College juniors arc now eligible '
to compete with seniors and grad- j
uates for appointments based on j
federal service entrance examina
tions, according to the Civil Serv-j
ice Commission.
College juniors arc now eligible '
to compete with seniors and grad- j
uates for appointments based on j
federal service entrance examina
tions, according to the Civil Serv-j
ice Commission.
College juniors arc now eligible '
to compete with seniors and grad- j
uates for appointments based on j
federal service entrance examina
tions, according to the Civil Serv-j
ice Commission.
College juniors arc now eligible '
to compete with seniors and grad- j
uates for appointments based on j
federal service entrance examina
tions, according to the Civil Serv-j
ice Commission.
College juniors arc now eligible '
to compete with seniors and grad- j
uates for appointments based on j
federal service entrance examina
tions, according to the Civil Serv-j
ice Commission.
College juniors arc now eligible '
to compete with seniors and grad- j
uates for appointments based on j
federal service entrance examina
tions, according to the Civil Serv-j
ice Commission.
College juniors arc now eligible '
to compete with seniors and grad- j
uates for appointments based on j
federal service entrance examina
tions, according to the Civil Serv-j
ice Commission.
College juniors arc now eligible '
to compete with seniors and grad- j
uates for appointments based on j
federal service entrance examina
tions, according to the Civil Serv-j
ice Commission.
College juniors arc now eligible '
to compete with seniors and grad- j
uates for appointments based on j
federal service entrance examina
tions, according to the Civil Serv-j
ice Commission.
College juniors arc now eligible '
to compete with seniors and grad- j
uates for appointments based on j
federal service entrance examina
tions, according to the Civil Serv-j
ice Commission.
