# VITAL STATISTICS
## 
### 
Wilbcr E. Bailey, Daily linotypist
last weekend became a grandfathei
for the first time.
Wilbcr E. Bailey, Daily linotypist
last weekend became a grandfathei
for the first time.
Wilbcr E. Bailey, Daily linotypist
last weekend became a grandfathei
for the first time.
Wilbcr E. Bailey, Daily linotypist
last weekend became a grandfathei
for the first time.
Wilbcr E. Bailey, Daily linotypist
last weekend became a grandfathei
for the first time.
Wilbcr E. Bailey, Daily linotypist
last weekend became a grandfathei
for the first time.
Wilbcr E. Bailey, Daily linotypist
last weekend became a grandfathei
for the first time.
Wilbcr E. Bailey, Daily linotypist
last weekend became a grandfathei
for the first time.
Wilbcr E. Bailey, Daily linotypist
last weekend became a grandfathei
for the first time.
Wilbcr E. Bailey, Daily linotypist
last weekend became a grandfathei
for the first time.
Wilbcr E. Bailey, Daily linotypist
last weekend became a grandfathei
for the first time.
Wilbcr E. Bailey, Daily linotypist
last weekend became a grandfathei
for the first time.
Wilbcr E. Bailey, Daily linotypist
last weekend became a grandfathei
for the first time.
Wilbcr E. Bailey, Daily linotypist
last weekend became a grandfathei
for the first time.
Wilbcr E. Bailey, Daily linotypist
last weekend became a grandfathei
for the first time.
