# Ricker Addresses Hospital Meeting
## 
### 
Christine Richer, director of Stan
ford University dining halls, will
address the American Hospital As
sociation meetin;; today in Los An
geles.
Following her Los Angeles ap
pearance, Miss Bicker will go to
Michigan State College at Fast
sing to attend a meeting of the As
sociation of College Unions.
Christine Richer, director of Stan
ford University dining halls, will
address the American Hospital As
sociation meetin;; today in Los An
geles.
Following her Los Angeles ap
pearance, Miss Bicker will go to
Michigan State College at Fast
sing to attend a meeting of the As
sociation of College Unions.
Christine Richer, director of Stan
ford University dining halls, will
address the American Hospital As
sociation meetin;; today in Los An
geles.
Following her Los Angeles ap
pearance, Miss Bicker will go to
Michigan State College at Fast
sing to attend a meeting of the As
sociation of College Unions.
Christine Richer, director of Stan
ford University dining halls, will
address the American Hospital As
sociation meetin;; today in Los An
geles.
Following her Los Angeles ap
pearance, Miss Bicker will go to
Michigan State College at Fast
sing to attend a meeting of the As
sociation of College Unions.
Christine Richer, director of Stan
ford University dining halls, will
address the American Hospital As
sociation meetin;; today in Los An
geles.
Following her Los Angeles ap
pearance, Miss Bicker will go to
Michigan State College at Fast
sing to attend a meeting of the As
sociation of College Unions.
Christine Richer, director of Stan
ford University dining halls, will
address the American Hospital As
sociation meetin;; today in Los An
geles.
Following her Los Angeles ap
pearance, Miss Bicker will go to
Michigan State College at Fast
sing to attend a meeting of the As
sociation of College Unions.
Christine Richer, director of Stan
ford University dining halls, will
address the American Hospital As
sociation meetin;; today in Los An
geles.
Following her Los Angeles ap
pearance, Miss Bicker will go to
Michigan State College at Fast
sing to attend a meeting of the As
sociation of College Unions.
Christine Richer, director of Stan
ford University dining halls, will
address the American Hospital As
sociation meetin;; today in Los An
geles.
Following her Los Angeles ap
pearance, Miss Bicker will go to
Michigan State College at Fast
sing to attend a meeting of the As
sociation of College Unions.
Christine Richer, director of Stan
ford University dining halls, will
address the American Hospital As
sociation meetin;; today in Los An
geles.
Following her Los Angeles ap
pearance, Miss Bicker will go to
Michigan State College at Fast
sing to attend a meeting of the As
sociation of College Unions.
Christine Richer, director of Stan
ford University dining halls, will
address the American Hospital As
sociation meetin;; today in Los An
geles.
Following her Los Angeles ap
pearance, Miss Bicker will go to
Michigan State College at Fast
sing to attend a meeting of the As
sociation of College Unions.
Christine Richer, director of Stan
ford University dining halls, will
address the American Hospital As
sociation meetin;; today in Los An
geles.
Following her Los Angeles ap
pearance, Miss Bicker will go to
Michigan State College at Fast
sing to attend a meeting of the As
sociation of College Unions.
Christine Richer, director of Stan
ford University dining halls, will
address the American Hospital As
sociation meetin;; today in Los An
geles.
Following her Los Angeles ap
pearance, Miss Bicker will go to
Michigan State College at Fast
sing to attend a meeting of the As
sociation of College Unions.
Christine Richer, director of Stan
ford University dining halls, will
address the American Hospital As
sociation meetin;; today in Los An
geles.
Following her Los Angeles ap
pearance, Miss Bicker will go to
Michigan State College at Fast
sing to attend a meeting of the As
sociation of College Unions.
Christine Richer, director of Stan
ford University dining halls, will
address the American Hospital As
sociation meetin;; today in Los An
geles.
Following her Los Angeles ap
pearance, Miss Bicker will go to
Michigan State College at Fast
sing to attend a meeting of the As
sociation of College Unions.
Christine Richer, director of Stan
ford University dining halls, will
address the American Hospital As
sociation meetin;; today in Los An
geles.
Following her Los Angeles ap
pearance, Miss Bicker will go to
Michigan State College at Fast
sing to attend a meeting of the As
sociation of College Unions.
