# Accountants for GE
## 
### 
Thursday interviews will be held
for accountants with A.B.'s or
M.B.A.'s interested in working with
General Electric. Positions arc
available at AEC operations in
Richland and at. General Elcctric's
Hanford works in Washington state.
Accountants must secure AEC
clearance. Eligibility for military
service does not disqualify appli
cants.
Representatives of PG&E will in
terview mechanical engineers with
a major interest in steam power
plant design and development on
Thursday. Engineers will enter a
training program consisting of con
struction, operation, and design of
steam power plant.
Thursday interviews will be held
for accountants with A.B.'s or
M.B.A.'s interested in working with
General Electric. Positions arc
available at AEC operations in
Richland and at. General Elcctric's
Hanford works in Washington state.
Accountants must secure AEC
clearance. Eligibility for military
service does not disqualify appli
cants.
Representatives of PG&E will in
terview mechanical engineers with
a major interest in steam power
plant design and development on
Thursday. Engineers will enter a
training program consisting of con
struction, operation, and design of
steam power plant.
Thursday interviews will be held
for accountants with A.B.'s or
M.B.A.'s interested in working with
General Electric. Positions arc
available at AEC operations in
Richland and at. General Elcctric's
Hanford works in Washington state.
Accountants must secure AEC
clearance. Eligibility for military
service does not disqualify appli
cants.
Representatives of PG&E will in
terview mechanical engineers with
a major interest in steam power
plant design and development on
Thursday. Engineers will enter a
training program consisting of con
struction, operation, and design of
steam power plant.
Thursday interviews will be held
for accountants with A.B.'s or
M.B.A.'s interested in working with
General Electric. Positions arc
available at AEC operations in
Richland and at. General Elcctric's
Hanford works in Washington state.
Accountants must secure AEC
clearance. Eligibility for military
service does not disqualify appli
cants.
Representatives of PG&E will in
terview mechanical engineers with
a major interest in steam power
plant design and development on
Thursday. Engineers will enter a
training program consisting of con
struction, operation, and design of
steam power plant.
Thursday interviews will be held
for accountants with A.B.'s or
M.B.A.'s interested in working with
General Electric. Positions arc
available at AEC operations in
Richland and at. General Elcctric's
Hanford works in Washington state.
Accountants must secure AEC
clearance. Eligibility for military
service does not disqualify appli
cants.
Representatives of PG&E will in
terview mechanical engineers with
a major interest in steam power
plant design and development on
Thursday. Engineers will enter a
training program consisting of con
struction, operation, and design of
steam power plant.
Thursday interviews will be held
for accountants with A.B.'s or
M.B.A.'s interested in working with
General Electric. Positions arc
available at AEC operations in
Richland and at. General Elcctric's
Hanford works in Washington state.
Accountants must secure AEC
clearance. Eligibility for military
service does not disqualify appli
cants.
Representatives of PG&E will in
terview mechanical engineers with
a major interest in steam power
plant design and development on
Thursday. Engineers will enter a
training program consisting of con
struction, operation, and design of
steam power plant.
Thursday interviews will be held
for accountants with A.B.'s or
M.B.A.'s interested in working with
General Electric. Positions arc
available at AEC operations in
Richland and at. General Elcctric's
Hanford works in Washington state.
Accountants must secure AEC
clearance. Eligibility for military
service does not disqualify appli
cants.
Representatives of PG&E will in
terview mechanical engineers with
a major interest in steam power
plant design and development on
Thursday. Engineers will enter a
training program consisting of con
struction, operation, and design of
steam power plant.
Thursday interviews will be held
for accountants with A.B.'s or
M.B.A.'s interested in working with
General Electric. Positions arc
available at AEC operations in
Richland and at. General Elcctric's
Hanford works in Washington state.
Accountants must secure AEC
clearance. Eligibility for military
service does not disqualify appli
cants.
Representatives of PG&E will in
terview mechanical engineers with
a major interest in steam power
plant design and development on
Thursday. Engineers will enter a
training program consisting of con
struction, operation, and design of
steam power plant.
Thursday interviews will be held
for accountants with A.B.'s or
M.B.A.'s interested in working with
General Electric. Positions arc
available at AEC operations in
Richland and at. General Elcctric's
Hanford works in Washington state.
Accountants must secure AEC
clearance. Eligibility for military
service does not disqualify appli
cants.
Representatives of PG&E will in
terview mechanical engineers with
a major interest in steam power
plant design and development on
Thursday. Engineers will enter a
training program consisting of con
struction, operation, and design of
steam power plant.
Thursday interviews will be held
for accountants with A.B.'s or
M.B.A.'s interested in working with
General Electric. Positions arc
available at AEC operations in
Richland and at. General Elcctric's
Hanford works in Washington state.
Accountants must secure AEC
clearance. Eligibility for military
service does not disqualify appli
cants.
Representatives of PG&E will in
terview mechanical engineers with
a major interest in steam power
plant design and development on
Thursday. Engineers will enter a
training program consisting of con
struction, operation, and design of
steam power plant.
Thursday interviews will be held
for accountants with A.B.'s or
M.B.A.'s interested in working with
General Electric. Positions arc
available at AEC operations in
Richland and at. General Elcctric's
Hanford works in Washington state.
Accountants must secure AEC
clearance. Eligibility for military
service does not disqualify appli
cants.
Representatives of PG&E will in
terview mechanical engineers with
a major interest in steam power
plant design and development on
Thursday. Engineers will enter a
training program consisting of con
struction, operation, and design of
steam power plant.
Thursday interviews will be held
for accountants with A.B.'s or
M.B.A.'s interested in working with
General Electric. Positions arc
available at AEC operations in
Richland and at. General Elcctric's
Hanford works in Washington state.
Accountants must secure AEC
clearance. Eligibility for military
service does not disqualify appli
cants.
Representatives of PG&E will in
terview mechanical engineers with
a major interest in steam power
plant design and development on
Thursday. Engineers will enter a
training program consisting of con
struction, operation, and design of
steam power plant.
Thursday interviews will be held
for accountants with A.B.'s or
M.B.A.'s interested in working with
General Electric. Positions arc
available at AEC operations in
Richland and at. General Elcctric's
Hanford works in Washington state.
Accountants must secure AEC
clearance. Eligibility for military
service does not disqualify appli
cants.
Representatives of PG&E will in
terview mechanical engineers with
a major interest in steam power
plant design and development on
Thursday. Engineers will enter a
training program consisting of con
struction, operation, and design of
steam power plant.
Thursday interviews will be held
for accountants with A.B.'s or
M.B.A.'s interested in working with
General Electric. Positions arc
available at AEC operations in
Richland and at. General Elcctric's
Hanford works in Washington state.
Accountants must secure AEC
clearance. Eligibility for military
service does not disqualify appli
cants.
Representatives of PG&E will in
terview mechanical engineers with
a major interest in steam power
plant design and development on
Thursday. Engineers will enter a
training program consisting of con
struction, operation, and design of
steam power plant.
Thursday interviews will be held
for accountants with A.B.'s or
M.B.A.'s interested in working with
General Electric. Positions arc
available at AEC operations in
Richland and at. General Elcctric's
Hanford works in Washington state.
Accountants must secure AEC
clearance. Eligibility for military
service does not disqualify appli
cants.
Representatives of PG&E will in
terview mechanical engineers with
a major interest in steam power
plant design and development on
Thursday. Engineers will enter a
training program consisting of con
struction, operation, and design of
steam power plant.
