# Stanford's Surplus Sand
## 
### 

•SFFI YOU ON THE STRIP"- A "beach" of a time at 1.7 cents per student! The sand strip lonq
anticipated by Stanford students on the shores of Lake Lag was recently voted for by ASSU at a
total cost of $120. —Daily photo by Tom Peterson

•SFFI YOU ON THE STRIP"- A "beach" of a time at 1.7 cents per student! The sand strip lonq
anticipated by Stanford students on the shores of Lake Lag was recently voted for by ASSU at a
total cost of $120. —Daily photo by Tom Peterson

•SFFI YOU ON THE STRIP"- A "beach" of a time at 1.7 cents per student! The sand strip lonq
anticipated by Stanford students on the shores of Lake Lag was recently voted for by ASSU at a
total cost of $120. —Daily photo by Tom Peterson

•SFFI YOU ON THE STRIP"- A "beach" of a time at 1.7 cents per student! The sand strip lonq
anticipated by Stanford students on the shores of Lake Lag was recently voted for by ASSU at a
total cost of $120. —Daily photo by Tom Peterson

•SFFI YOU ON THE STRIP"- A "beach" of a time at 1.7 cents per student! The sand strip lonq
anticipated by Stanford students on the shores of Lake Lag was recently voted for by ASSU at a
total cost of $120. —Daily photo by Tom Peterson

•SFFI YOU ON THE STRIP"- A "beach" of a time at 1.7 cents per student! The sand strip lonq
anticipated by Stanford students on the shores of Lake Lag was recently voted for by ASSU at a
total cost of $120. —Daily photo by Tom Peterson

•SFFI YOU ON THE STRIP"- A "beach" of a time at 1.7 cents per student! The sand strip lonq
anticipated by Stanford students on the shores of Lake Lag was recently voted for by ASSU at a
total cost of $120. —Daily photo by Tom Peterson

•SFFI YOU ON THE STRIP"- A "beach" of a time at 1.7 cents per student! The sand strip lonq
anticipated by Stanford students on the shores of Lake Lag was recently voted for by ASSU at a
total cost of $120. —Daily photo by Tom Peterson

•SFFI YOU ON THE STRIP"- A "beach" of a time at 1.7 cents per student! The sand strip lonq
anticipated by Stanford students on the shores of Lake Lag was recently voted for by ASSU at a
total cost of $120. —Daily photo by Tom Peterson

•SFFI YOU ON THE STRIP"- A "beach" of a time at 1.7 cents per student! The sand strip lonq
anticipated by Stanford students on the shores of Lake Lag was recently voted for by ASSU at a
total cost of $120. —Daily photo by Tom Peterson

•SFFI YOU ON THE STRIP"- A "beach" of a time at 1.7 cents per student! The sand strip lonq
anticipated by Stanford students on the shores of Lake Lag was recently voted for by ASSU at a
total cost of $120. —Daily photo by Tom Peterson

•SFFI YOU ON THE STRIP"- A "beach" of a time at 1.7 cents per student! The sand strip lonq
anticipated by Stanford students on the shores of Lake Lag was recently voted for by ASSU at a
total cost of $120. —Daily photo by Tom Peterson

•SFFI YOU ON THE STRIP"- A "beach" of a time at 1.7 cents per student! The sand strip lonq
anticipated by Stanford students on the shores of Lake Lag was recently voted for by ASSU at a
total cost of $120. —Daily photo by Tom Peterson

•SFFI YOU ON THE STRIP"- A "beach" of a time at 1.7 cents per student! The sand strip lonq
anticipated by Stanford students on the shores of Lake Lag was recently voted for by ASSU at a
total cost of $120. —Daily photo by Tom Peterson

•SFFI YOU ON THE STRIP"- A "beach" of a time at 1.7 cents per student! The sand strip lonq
anticipated by Stanford students on the shores of Lake Lag was recently voted for by ASSU at a
total cost of $120. —Daily photo by Tom Peterson
