# "Sequoia" Appears Soon.
## 
### 
The much discussed and long anti
cipated issue of the "Sequoia" will
make its appearance either on Thurs
day or Friday of this week. Editor
Leaf promises proof in the matter of
corrupt politics, and the article deal
ing with that topic is from the pen of
R. .T. Miller, '11.
The much discussed and long anti
cipated issue of the "Sequoia" will
make its appearance either on Thurs
day or Friday of this week. Editor
Leaf promises proof in the matter of
corrupt politics, and the article deal
ing with that topic is from the pen of
R. .T. Miller, '11.
The much discussed and long anti
cipated issue of the "Sequoia" will
make its appearance either on Thurs
day or Friday of this week. Editor
Leaf promises proof in the matter of
corrupt politics, and the article deal
ing with that topic is from the pen of
R. .T. Miller, '11.
The much discussed and long anti
cipated issue of the "Sequoia" will
make its appearance either on Thurs
day or Friday of this week. Editor
Leaf promises proof in the matter of
corrupt politics, and the article deal
ing with that topic is from the pen of
R. .T. Miller, '11.
The much discussed and long anti
cipated issue of the "Sequoia" will
make its appearance either on Thurs
day or Friday of this week. Editor
Leaf promises proof in the matter of
corrupt politics, and the article deal
ing with that topic is from the pen of
R. .T. Miller, '11.
The much discussed and long anti
cipated issue of the "Sequoia" will
make its appearance either on Thurs
day or Friday of this week. Editor
Leaf promises proof in the matter of
corrupt politics, and the article deal
ing with that topic is from the pen of
R. .T. Miller, '11.
The much discussed and long anti
cipated issue of the "Sequoia" will
make its appearance either on Thurs
day or Friday of this week. Editor
Leaf promises proof in the matter of
corrupt politics, and the article deal
ing with that topic is from the pen of
R. .T. Miller, '11.
The much discussed and long anti
cipated issue of the "Sequoia" will
make its appearance either on Thurs
day or Friday of this week. Editor
Leaf promises proof in the matter of
corrupt politics, and the article deal
ing with that topic is from the pen of
R. .T. Miller, '11.
The much discussed and long anti
cipated issue of the "Sequoia" will
make its appearance either on Thurs
day or Friday of this week. Editor
Leaf promises proof in the matter of
corrupt politics, and the article deal
ing with that topic is from the pen of
R. .T. Miller, '11.
The much discussed and long anti
cipated issue of the "Sequoia" will
make its appearance either on Thurs
day or Friday of this week. Editor
Leaf promises proof in the matter of
corrupt politics, and the article deal
ing with that topic is from the pen of
R. .T. Miller, '11.
The much discussed and long anti
cipated issue of the "Sequoia" will
make its appearance either on Thurs
day or Friday of this week. Editor
Leaf promises proof in the matter of
corrupt politics, and the article deal
ing with that topic is from the pen of
R. .T. Miller, '11.
