# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The total aid given to the Stanford
Union by 1 lie students is shockingly
small. The undergraduates, whom the
institution personally concerns, have
failed to respond in any degree cor
responding to the hearty efforts of the
alumni, who are interested but indi
rectly. We appreciate fully the diffi
culty which confronts a goodly pro
portion of the student body in the
matter of rendering material financial
assistance, but just at present the
undergraduates are offered an oppor
tunity to help the Stanford Union and
themselves with a single swoop. We
refer to the Skull and Snakes dance.
The Encina club room is invariably
packed at such a pretentious function
as the Junior prom which has only its
own enjoyment to recommend it. The
Skull and Snakes affair is far less pre
tentious and has the additional advant
age of being given for an extremely
worthy cause. Consequently, the Arm
ory should be similarly crowded. Even
the belief that charity begins at home
will not interfere with one's attend
ance.
The total aid given to the Stanford
Union by 1 lie students is shockingly
small. The undergraduates, whom the
institution personally concerns, have
failed to respond in any degree cor
responding to the hearty efforts of the
alumni, who are interested but indi
rectly. We appreciate fully the diffi
culty which confronts a goodly pro
portion of the student body in the
matter of rendering material financial
assistance, but just at present the
undergraduates are offered an oppor
tunity to help the Stanford Union and
themselves with a single swoop. We
refer to the Skull and Snakes dance.
The Encina club room is invariably
packed at such a pretentious function
as the Junior prom which has only its
own enjoyment to recommend it. The
Skull and Snakes affair is far less pre
tentious and has the additional advant
age of being given for an extremely
worthy cause. Consequently, the Arm
ory should be similarly crowded. Even
the belief that charity begins at home
will not interfere with one's attend
ance.
The total aid given to the Stanford
Union by 1 lie students is shockingly
small. The undergraduates, whom the
institution personally concerns, have
failed to respond in any degree cor
responding to the hearty efforts of the
alumni, who are interested but indi
rectly. We appreciate fully the diffi
culty which confronts a goodly pro
portion of the student body in the
matter of rendering material financial
assistance, but just at present the
undergraduates are offered an oppor
tunity to help the Stanford Union and
themselves with a single swoop. We
refer to the Skull and Snakes dance.
The Encina club room is invariably
packed at such a pretentious function
as the Junior prom which has only its
own enjoyment to recommend it. The
Skull and Snakes affair is far less pre
tentious and has the additional advant
age of being given for an extremely
worthy cause. Consequently, the Arm
ory should be similarly crowded. Even
the belief that charity begins at home
will not interfere with one's attend
ance.
The total aid given to the Stanford
Union by 1 lie students is shockingly
small. The undergraduates, whom the
institution personally concerns, have
failed to respond in any degree cor
responding to the hearty efforts of the
alumni, who are interested but indi
rectly. We appreciate fully the diffi
culty which confronts a goodly pro
portion of the student body in the
matter of rendering material financial
assistance, but just at present the
undergraduates are offered an oppor
tunity to help the Stanford Union and
themselves with a single swoop. We
refer to the Skull and Snakes dance.
The Encina club room is invariably
packed at such a pretentious function
as the Junior prom which has only its
own enjoyment to recommend it. The
Skull and Snakes affair is far less pre
tentious and has the additional advant
age of being given for an extremely
worthy cause. Consequently, the Arm
ory should be similarly crowded. Even
the belief that charity begins at home
will not interfere with one's attend
ance.
The total aid given to the Stanford
Union by 1 lie students is shockingly
small. The undergraduates, whom the
institution personally concerns, have
failed to respond in any degree cor
responding to the hearty efforts of the
alumni, who are interested but indi
rectly. We appreciate fully the diffi
culty which confronts a goodly pro
portion of the student body in the
matter of rendering material financial
assistance, but just at present the
undergraduates are offered an oppor
tunity to help the Stanford Union and
themselves with a single swoop. We
refer to the Skull and Snakes dance.
The Encina club room is invariably
packed at such a pretentious function
as the Junior prom which has only its
own enjoyment to recommend it. The
Skull and Snakes affair is far less pre
tentious and has the additional advant
age of being given for an extremely
worthy cause. Consequently, the Arm
ory should be similarly crowded. Even
the belief that charity begins at home
will not interfere with one's attend
ance.
The total aid given to the Stanford
Union by 1 lie students is shockingly
small. The undergraduates, whom the
institution personally concerns, have
failed to respond in any degree cor
responding to the hearty efforts of the
alumni, who are interested but indi
rectly. We appreciate fully the diffi
culty which confronts a goodly pro
portion of the student body in the
matter of rendering material financial
assistance, but just at present the
undergraduates are offered an oppor
tunity to help the Stanford Union and
themselves with a single swoop. We
refer to the Skull and Snakes dance.
The Encina club room is invariably
packed at such a pretentious function
as the Junior prom which has only its
own enjoyment to recommend it. The
Skull and Snakes affair is far less pre
tentious and has the additional advant
age of being given for an extremely
worthy cause. Consequently, the Arm
ory should be similarly crowded. Even
the belief that charity begins at home
will not interfere with one's attend
ance.
The total aid given to the Stanford
Union by 1 lie students is shockingly
small. The undergraduates, whom the
institution personally concerns, have
failed to respond in any degree cor
responding to the hearty efforts of the
alumni, who are interested but indi
rectly. We appreciate fully the diffi
culty which confronts a goodly pro
portion of the student body in the
matter of rendering material financial
assistance, but just at present the
undergraduates are offered an oppor
tunity to help the Stanford Union and
themselves with a single swoop. We
refer to the Skull and Snakes dance.
The Encina club room is invariably
packed at such a pretentious function
as the Junior prom which has only its
own enjoyment to recommend it. The
Skull and Snakes affair is far less pre
tentious and has the additional advant
age of being given for an extremely
worthy cause. Consequently, the Arm
ory should be similarly crowded. Even
the belief that charity begins at home
will not interfere with one's attend
ance.
The total aid given to the Stanford
Union by 1 lie students is shockingly
small. The undergraduates, whom the
institution personally concerns, have
failed to respond in any degree cor
responding to the hearty efforts of the
alumni, who are interested but indi
rectly. We appreciate fully the diffi
culty which confronts a goodly pro
portion of the student body in the
matter of rendering material financial
assistance, but just at present the
undergraduates are offered an oppor
tunity to help the Stanford Union and
themselves with a single swoop. We
refer to the Skull and Snakes dance.
The Encina club room is invariably
packed at such a pretentious function
as the Junior prom which has only its
own enjoyment to recommend it. The
Skull and Snakes affair is far less pre
tentious and has the additional advant
age of being given for an extremely
worthy cause. Consequently, the Arm
ory should be similarly crowded. Even
the belief that charity begins at home
will not interfere with one's attend
ance.
The total aid given to the Stanford
Union by 1 lie students is shockingly
small. The undergraduates, whom the
institution personally concerns, have
failed to respond in any degree cor
responding to the hearty efforts of the
alumni, who are interested but indi
rectly. We appreciate fully the diffi
culty which confronts a goodly pro
portion of the student body in the
matter of rendering material financial
assistance, but just at present the
undergraduates are offered an oppor
tunity to help the Stanford Union and
themselves with a single swoop. We
refer to the Skull and Snakes dance.
The Encina club room is invariably
packed at such a pretentious function
as the Junior prom which has only its
own enjoyment to recommend it. The
Skull and Snakes affair is far less pre
tentious and has the additional advant
age of being given for an extremely
worthy cause. Consequently, the Arm
ory should be similarly crowded. Even
the belief that charity begins at home
will not interfere with one's attend
ance.
The total aid given to the Stanford
Union by 1 lie students is shockingly
small. The undergraduates, whom the
institution personally concerns, have
failed to respond in any degree cor
responding to the hearty efforts of the
alumni, who are interested but indi
rectly. We appreciate fully the diffi
culty which confronts a goodly pro
portion of the student body in the
matter of rendering material financial
assistance, but just at present the
undergraduates are offered an oppor
tunity to help the Stanford Union and
themselves with a single swoop. We
refer to the Skull and Snakes dance.
The Encina club room is invariably
packed at such a pretentious function
as the Junior prom which has only its
own enjoyment to recommend it. The
Skull and Snakes affair is far less pre
tentious and has the additional advant
age of being given for an extremely
worthy cause. Consequently, the Arm
ory should be similarly crowded. Even
the belief that charity begins at home
will not interfere with one's attend
ance.
The total aid given to the Stanford
Union by 1 lie students is shockingly
small. The undergraduates, whom the
institution personally concerns, have
failed to respond in any degree cor
responding to the hearty efforts of the
alumni, who are interested but indi
rectly. We appreciate fully the diffi
culty which confronts a goodly pro
portion of the student body in the
matter of rendering material financial
assistance, but just at present the
undergraduates are offered an oppor
tunity to help the Stanford Union and
themselves with a single swoop. We
refer to the Skull and Snakes dance.
The Encina club room is invariably
packed at such a pretentious function
as the Junior prom which has only its
own enjoyment to recommend it. The
Skull and Snakes affair is far less pre
tentious and has the additional advant
age of being given for an extremely
worthy cause. Consequently, the Arm
ory should be similarly crowded. Even
the belief that charity begins at home
will not interfere with one's attend
ance.
