# BreaKs Collar-bone In Gymnasium.
## 
### 
While wrestling in the gymnasium
with a companion yesterday, F. W.
Plaskett, '11. had his collar-bone
broken accidently. He is now in the
Peninsula Hospital. This is the sec
ond accident of this nature from
wrestling. The first was when In
structor Long had his collar-bone
broken by another instructor when
showing certain "holds" to a class.
While wrestling in the gymnasium
with a companion yesterday, F. W.
Plaskett, '11. had his collar-bone
broken accidently. He is now in the
Peninsula Hospital. This is the sec
ond accident of this nature from
wrestling. The first was when In
structor Long had his collar-bone
broken by another instructor when
showing certain "holds" to a class.
While wrestling in the gymnasium
with a companion yesterday, F. W.
Plaskett, '11. had his collar-bone
broken accidently. He is now in the
Peninsula Hospital. This is the sec
ond accident of this nature from
wrestling. The first was when In
structor Long had his collar-bone
broken by another instructor when
showing certain "holds" to a class.
While wrestling in the gymnasium
with a companion yesterday, F. W.
Plaskett, '11. had his collar-bone
broken accidently. He is now in the
Peninsula Hospital. This is the sec
ond accident of this nature from
wrestling. The first was when In
structor Long had his collar-bone
broken by another instructor when
showing certain "holds" to a class.
While wrestling in the gymnasium
with a companion yesterday, F. W.
Plaskett, '11. had his collar-bone
broken accidently. He is now in the
Peninsula Hospital. This is the sec
ond accident of this nature from
wrestling. The first was when In
structor Long had his collar-bone
broken by another instructor when
showing certain "holds" to a class.
While wrestling in the gymnasium
with a companion yesterday, F. W.
Plaskett, '11. had his collar-bone
broken accidently. He is now in the
Peninsula Hospital. This is the sec
ond accident of this nature from
wrestling. The first was when In
structor Long had his collar-bone
broken by another instructor when
showing certain "holds" to a class.
While wrestling in the gymnasium
with a companion yesterday, F. W.
Plaskett, '11. had his collar-bone
broken accidently. He is now in the
Peninsula Hospital. This is the sec
ond accident of this nature from
wrestling. The first was when In
structor Long had his collar-bone
broken by another instructor when
showing certain "holds" to a class.
While wrestling in the gymnasium
with a companion yesterday, F. W.
Plaskett, '11. had his collar-bone
broken accidently. He is now in the
Peninsula Hospital. This is the sec
ond accident of this nature from
wrestling. The first was when In
structor Long had his collar-bone
broken by another instructor when
showing certain "holds" to a class.
While wrestling in the gymnasium
with a companion yesterday, F. W.
Plaskett, '11. had his collar-bone
broken accidently. He is now in the
Peninsula Hospital. This is the sec
ond accident of this nature from
wrestling. The first was when In
structor Long had his collar-bone
broken by another instructor when
showing certain "holds" to a class.
While wrestling in the gymnasium
with a companion yesterday, F. W.
Plaskett, '11. had his collar-bone
broken accidently. He is now in the
Peninsula Hospital. This is the sec
ond accident of this nature from
wrestling. The first was when In
structor Long had his collar-bone
broken by another instructor when
showing certain "holds" to a class.
While wrestling in the gymnasium
with a companion yesterday, F. W.
Plaskett, '11. had his collar-bone
broken accidently. He is now in the
Peninsula Hospital. This is the sec
ond accident of this nature from
wrestling. The first was when In
structor Long had his collar-bone
broken by another instructor when
showing certain "holds" to a class.
