# Former Bruin Hit By Morals Charge
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, April 3 (UP)
Felony morals charges were
filed today against ex-U.CLA foot
ball star liommie Loudd and two
other young men in connection
with a drinking bout involving
three young boys.
The boys, aged 12, 13 and 15
years, said they were forced to
remove their clothing and per
form immoral acts at the Sunday
party. The youngsters allegedly
were given orange juice spiked
with vodka.
Loudd, 23, now with the profes
sional Vancouver Lions, and his
roommate Ben F. Kelly, 25, for
merly of the University of Illi
nois, each were charged with
three counts.
The three were charged with
picking up the boys, who were
dressed as girls, and taking them
to an apartment afteV flashing
cards listing them as temporary
counselors at Juvenile Hall. The
boys were warned they would be
arrested if they didn't comply.
