# Choral Concert Will Be Held
## 
### 
The Department of Music and the
Committee on Public Exercises has
announced a concert by the Univer
sity Chorus and the Stanford Cho
rale at the Tuesday Evening Series,
November 29. The program will be
presented at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial
Auditorium.
The concert will be made up of
music from the Renaissance through
the contemporary period. Guest so
loist is Dorothy Foose. The chorus
consists of 150 members under the
direction of Harold Schmidt. Kirke
Mechem is assistant conductor and
Meredith Ellis and Helen Jantzen
are accompanists.
The Department of Music and the
Committee on Public Exercises has
announced a concert by the Univer
sity Chorus and the Stanford Cho
rale at the Tuesday Evening Series,
November 29. The program will be
presented at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial
Auditorium.
The concert will be made up of
music from the Renaissance through
the contemporary period. Guest so
loist is Dorothy Foose. The chorus
consists of 150 members under the
direction of Harold Schmidt. Kirke
Mechem is assistant conductor and
Meredith Ellis and Helen Jantzen
are accompanists.
The Department of Music and the
Committee on Public Exercises has
announced a concert by the Univer
sity Chorus and the Stanford Cho
rale at the Tuesday Evening Series,
November 29. The program will be
presented at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial
Auditorium.
The concert will be made up of
music from the Renaissance through
the contemporary period. Guest so
loist is Dorothy Foose. The chorus
consists of 150 members under the
direction of Harold Schmidt. Kirke
Mechem is assistant conductor and
Meredith Ellis and Helen Jantzen
are accompanists.
The Department of Music and the
Committee on Public Exercises has
announced a concert by the Univer
sity Chorus and the Stanford Cho
rale at the Tuesday Evening Series,
November 29. The program will be
presented at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial
Auditorium.
The concert will be made up of
music from the Renaissance through
the contemporary period. Guest so
loist is Dorothy Foose. The chorus
consists of 150 members under the
direction of Harold Schmidt. Kirke
Mechem is assistant conductor and
Meredith Ellis and Helen Jantzen
are accompanists.
The Department of Music and the
Committee on Public Exercises has
announced a concert by the Univer
sity Chorus and the Stanford Cho
rale at the Tuesday Evening Series,
November 29. The program will be
presented at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial
Auditorium.
The concert will be made up of
music from the Renaissance through
the contemporary period. Guest so
loist is Dorothy Foose. The chorus
consists of 150 members under the
direction of Harold Schmidt. Kirke
Mechem is assistant conductor and
Meredith Ellis and Helen Jantzen
are accompanists.
The Department of Music and the
Committee on Public Exercises has
announced a concert by the Univer
sity Chorus and the Stanford Cho
rale at the Tuesday Evening Series,
November 29. The program will be
presented at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial
Auditorium.
The concert will be made up of
music from the Renaissance through
the contemporary period. Guest so
loist is Dorothy Foose. The chorus
consists of 150 members under the
direction of Harold Schmidt. Kirke
Mechem is assistant conductor and
Meredith Ellis and Helen Jantzen
are accompanists.
The Department of Music and the
Committee on Public Exercises has
announced a concert by the Univer
sity Chorus and the Stanford Cho
rale at the Tuesday Evening Series,
November 29. The program will be
presented at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial
Auditorium.
The concert will be made up of
music from the Renaissance through
the contemporary period. Guest so
loist is Dorothy Foose. The chorus
consists of 150 members under the
direction of Harold Schmidt. Kirke
Mechem is assistant conductor and
Meredith Ellis and Helen Jantzen
are accompanists.
The Department of Music and the
Committee on Public Exercises has
announced a concert by the Univer
sity Chorus and the Stanford Cho
rale at the Tuesday Evening Series,
November 29. The program will be
presented at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial
Auditorium.
The concert will be made up of
music from the Renaissance through
the contemporary period. Guest so
loist is Dorothy Foose. The chorus
consists of 150 members under the
direction of Harold Schmidt. Kirke
Mechem is assistant conductor and
Meredith Ellis and Helen Jantzen
are accompanists.
The Department of Music and the
Committee on Public Exercises has
announced a concert by the Univer
sity Chorus and the Stanford Cho
rale at the Tuesday Evening Series,
November 29. The program will be
presented at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial
Auditorium.
The concert will be made up of
music from the Renaissance through
the contemporary period. Guest so
loist is Dorothy Foose. The chorus
consists of 150 members under the
direction of Harold Schmidt. Kirke
Mechem is assistant conductor and
Meredith Ellis and Helen Jantzen
are accompanists.
The Department of Music and the
Committee on Public Exercises has
announced a concert by the Univer
sity Chorus and the Stanford Cho
rale at the Tuesday Evening Series,
November 29. The program will be
presented at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial
Auditorium.
The concert will be made up of
music from the Renaissance through
the contemporary period. Guest so
loist is Dorothy Foose. The chorus
consists of 150 members under the
direction of Harold Schmidt. Kirke
Mechem is assistant conductor and
Meredith Ellis and Helen Jantzen
are accompanists.
The Department of Music and the
Committee on Public Exercises has
announced a concert by the Univer
sity Chorus and the Stanford Cho
rale at the Tuesday Evening Series,
November 29. The program will be
presented at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial
Auditorium.
The concert will be made up of
music from the Renaissance through
the contemporary period. Guest so
loist is Dorothy Foose. The chorus
consists of 150 members under the
direction of Harold Schmidt. Kirke
Mechem is assistant conductor and
Meredith Ellis and Helen Jantzen
are accompanists.
The Department of Music and the
Committee on Public Exercises has
announced a concert by the Univer
sity Chorus and the Stanford Cho
rale at the Tuesday Evening Series,
November 29. The program will be
presented at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial
Auditorium.
The concert will be made up of
music from the Renaissance through
the contemporary period. Guest so
loist is Dorothy Foose. The chorus
consists of 150 members under the
direction of Harold Schmidt. Kirke
Mechem is assistant conductor and
Meredith Ellis and Helen Jantzen
are accompanists.
The Department of Music and the
Committee on Public Exercises has
announced a concert by the Univer
sity Chorus and the Stanford Cho
rale at the Tuesday Evening Series,
November 29. The program will be
presented at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial
Auditorium.
The concert will be made up of
music from the Renaissance through
the contemporary period. Guest so
loist is Dorothy Foose. The chorus
consists of 150 members under the
direction of Harold Schmidt. Kirke
Mechem is assistant conductor and
Meredith Ellis and Helen Jantzen
are accompanists.
The Department of Music and the
Committee on Public Exercises has
announced a concert by the Univer
sity Chorus and the Stanford Cho
rale at the Tuesday Evening Series,
November 29. The program will be
presented at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial
Auditorium.
The concert will be made up of
music from the Renaissance through
the contemporary period. Guest so
loist is Dorothy Foose. The chorus
consists of 150 members under the
direction of Harold Schmidt. Kirke
Mechem is assistant conductor and
Meredith Ellis and Helen Jantzen
are accompanists.
The Department of Music and the
Committee on Public Exercises has
announced a concert by the Univer
sity Chorus and the Stanford Cho
rale at the Tuesday Evening Series,
November 29. The program will be
presented at 7:30 p.m. in Memorial
Auditorium.
The concert will be made up of
music from the Renaissance through
the contemporary period. Guest so
loist is Dorothy Foose. The chorus
consists of 150 members under the
direction of Harold Schmidt. Kirke
Mechem is assistant conductor and
Meredith Ellis and Helen Jantzen
are accompanists.
