# AROUND THE WOULD
## President Holds First Big Conference Since Illness 
### 
TIIUKMONT, Md., Nov. 21 (U.R)â€”
President Eisenhower today pi'esided
over the first big government con
ference since his heart attack, after
temporarily shifting his headquar
ters from Gettysburg, Pa., to his
snow-covered mountain retreat near
here.
Shortly after the helicopters set
tled gingerly on a windswept strip
near the presidential lodge, Mr. Eis
enhower plunged into conferences
wilh the National Security Council.
The Middle East crisis was believed
to be a prime subject of discussion.
The Geneva deadlock with Russia
and its impact on future U. S. diplo
macy almost certainly was another
topic taken up by the council, which
charts broad U. S. military and dip
lomatic strategy.
