# For the record
## 
### 
An article printed Nov. 9 in
The Daily incorrectly reported
that Varian Associates Inc. of
Palo Alto will produce microwave
tubes called klystrons for Stan
ford Linear Accelerator Center's
asymmetric B factory. The com
pany will design, engineer and
test the tubes, but no decision
has been made on who will pro
duce them, according to Michael
Riordan, assistant to SLAC direc
tor Burton Richter.
In addition, a timeline printed
yesterday on the history Univer
sity budget cuts misstated that
the recent $43 million budget
cuts were announced in April
1990. They were, however,
announced in the spring of 1991,
with a final figure released in
January 1992.
An article printed Nov. 9 in
The Daily incorrectly reported
that Varian Associates Inc. of
Palo Alto will produce microwave
tubes called klystrons for Stan
ford Linear Accelerator Center's
asymmetric B factory. The com
pany will design, engineer and
test the tubes, but no decision
has been made on who will pro
duce them, according to Michael
Riordan, assistant to SLAC direc
tor Burton Richter.
In addition, a timeline printed
yesterday on the history Univer
sity budget cuts misstated that
the recent $43 million budget
cuts were announced in April
1990. They were, however,
announced in the spring of 1991,
with a final figure released in
January 1992.
An article printed Nov. 9 in
The Daily incorrectly reported
that Varian Associates Inc. of
Palo Alto will produce microwave
tubes called klystrons for Stan
ford Linear Accelerator Center's
asymmetric B factory. The com
pany will design, engineer and
test the tubes, but no decision
has been made on who will pro
duce them, according to Michael
Riordan, assistant to SLAC direc
tor Burton Richter.
In addition, a timeline printed
yesterday on the history Univer
sity budget cuts misstated that
the recent $43 million budget
cuts were announced in April
1990. They were, however,
announced in the spring of 1991,
with a final figure released in
January 1992.
An article printed Nov. 9 in
The Daily incorrectly reported
that Varian Associates Inc. of
Palo Alto will produce microwave
tubes called klystrons for Stan
ford Linear Accelerator Center's
asymmetric B factory. The com
pany will design, engineer and
test the tubes, but no decision
has been made on who will pro
duce them, according to Michael
Riordan, assistant to SLAC direc
tor Burton Richter.
In addition, a timeline printed
yesterday on the history Univer
sity budget cuts misstated that
the recent $43 million budget
cuts were announced in April
1990. They were, however,
announced in the spring of 1991,
with a final figure released in
January 1992.
An article printed Nov. 9 in
The Daily incorrectly reported
that Varian Associates Inc. of
Palo Alto will produce microwave
tubes called klystrons for Stan
ford Linear Accelerator Center's
asymmetric B factory. The com
pany will design, engineer and
test the tubes, but no decision
has been made on who will pro
duce them, according to Michael
Riordan, assistant to SLAC direc
tor Burton Richter.
In addition, a timeline printed
yesterday on the history Univer
sity budget cuts misstated that
the recent $43 million budget
cuts were announced in April
1990. They were, however,
announced in the spring of 1991,
with a final figure released in
January 1992.
An article printed Nov. 9 in
The Daily incorrectly reported
that Varian Associates Inc. of
Palo Alto will produce microwave
tubes called klystrons for Stan
ford Linear Accelerator Center's
asymmetric B factory. The com
pany will design, engineer and
test the tubes, but no decision
has been made on who will pro
duce them, according to Michael
Riordan, assistant to SLAC direc
tor Burton Richter.
In addition, a timeline printed
yesterday on the history Univer
sity budget cuts misstated that
the recent $43 million budget
cuts were announced in April
1990. They were, however,
announced in the spring of 1991,
with a final figure released in
January 1992.
An article printed Nov. 9 in
The Daily incorrectly reported
that Varian Associates Inc. of
Palo Alto will produce microwave
tubes called klystrons for Stan
ford Linear Accelerator Center's
asymmetric B factory. The com
pany will design, engineer and
test the tubes, but no decision
has been made on who will pro
duce them, according to Michael
Riordan, assistant to SLAC direc
tor Burton Richter.
In addition, a timeline printed
yesterday on the history Univer
sity budget cuts misstated that
the recent $43 million budget
cuts were announced in April
1990. They were, however,
announced in the spring of 1991,
with a final figure released in
January 1992.
An article printed Nov. 9 in
The Daily incorrectly reported
that Varian Associates Inc. of
Palo Alto will produce microwave
tubes called klystrons for Stan
ford Linear Accelerator Center's
asymmetric B factory. The com
pany will design, engineer and
test the tubes, but no decision
has been made on who will pro
duce them, according to Michael
Riordan, assistant to SLAC direc
tor Burton Richter.
In addition, a timeline printed
yesterday on the history Univer
sity budget cuts misstated that
the recent $43 million budget
cuts were announced in April
1990. They were, however,
announced in the spring of 1991,
with a final figure released in
January 1992.
