# P.A. Community Play To Run This Weekend
## 
### 
•"The Masque of Kings" will l>e
presented by the Palo Alto Com
munity Theater tomorrow, Fri
day, and Saturday nights in the
Civic Theater, Palo Alto. Ticket
reservations may he made hy call
ing DA 3-23 M between I and
p.m. or after 7::»0 p.m. on week
| days.
The play will also he presented
! on March 3, 4, 5, and (i.
•"The Masque of Kings" will l>e
presented by the Palo Alto Com
munity Theater tomorrow, Fri
day, and Saturday nights in the
Civic Theater, Palo Alto. Ticket
reservations may he made hy call
ing DA 3-23 M between I and
p.m. or after 7::»0 p.m. on week
| days.
The play will also he presented
! on March 3, 4, 5, and (i.
•"The Masque of Kings" will l>e
presented by the Palo Alto Com
munity Theater tomorrow, Fri
day, and Saturday nights in the
Civic Theater, Palo Alto. Ticket
reservations may he made hy call
ing DA 3-23 M between I and
p.m. or after 7::»0 p.m. on week
| days.
The play will also he presented
! on March 3, 4, 5, and (i.
•"The Masque of Kings" will l>e
presented by the Palo Alto Com
munity Theater tomorrow, Fri
day, and Saturday nights in the
Civic Theater, Palo Alto. Ticket
reservations may he made hy call
ing DA 3-23 M between I and
p.m. or after 7::»0 p.m. on week
| days.
The play will also he presented
! on March 3, 4, 5, and (i.
•"The Masque of Kings" will l>e
presented by the Palo Alto Com
munity Theater tomorrow, Fri
day, and Saturday nights in the
Civic Theater, Palo Alto. Ticket
reservations may he made hy call
ing DA 3-23 M between I and
p.m. or after 7::»0 p.m. on week
| days.
The play will also he presented
! on March 3, 4, 5, and (i.
•"The Masque of Kings" will l>e
presented by the Palo Alto Com
munity Theater tomorrow, Fri
day, and Saturday nights in the
Civic Theater, Palo Alto. Ticket
reservations may he made hy call
ing DA 3-23 M between I and
p.m. or after 7::»0 p.m. on week
| days.
The play will also he presented
! on March 3, 4, 5, and (i.
•"The Masque of Kings" will l>e
presented by the Palo Alto Com
munity Theater tomorrow, Fri
day, and Saturday nights in the
Civic Theater, Palo Alto. Ticket
reservations may he made hy call
ing DA 3-23 M between I and
p.m. or after 7::»0 p.m. on week
| days.
The play will also he presented
! on March 3, 4, 5, and (i.
•"The Masque of Kings" will l>e
presented by the Palo Alto Com
munity Theater tomorrow, Fri
day, and Saturday nights in the
Civic Theater, Palo Alto. Ticket
reservations may he made hy call
ing DA 3-23 M between I and
p.m. or after 7::»0 p.m. on week
| days.
The play will also he presented
! on March 3, 4, 5, and (i.
•"The Masque of Kings" will l>e
presented by the Palo Alto Com
munity Theater tomorrow, Fri
day, and Saturday nights in the
Civic Theater, Palo Alto. Ticket
reservations may he made hy call
ing DA 3-23 M between I and
p.m. or after 7::»0 p.m. on week
| days.
The play will also he presented
! on March 3, 4, 5, and (i.
•"The Masque of Kings" will l>e
presented by the Palo Alto Com
munity Theater tomorrow, Fri
day, and Saturday nights in the
Civic Theater, Palo Alto. Ticket
reservations may he made hy call
ing DA 3-23 M between I and
p.m. or after 7::»0 p.m. on week
| days.
The play will also he presented
! on March 3, 4, 5, and (i.
•"The Masque of Kings" will l>e
presented by the Palo Alto Com
munity Theater tomorrow, Fri
day, and Saturday nights in the
Civic Theater, Palo Alto. Ticket
reservations may he made hy call
ing DA 3-23 M between I and
p.m. or after 7::»0 p.m. on week
| days.
The play will also he presented
! on March 3, 4, 5, and (i.
•"The Masque of Kings" will l>e
presented by the Palo Alto Com
munity Theater tomorrow, Fri
day, and Saturday nights in the
Civic Theater, Palo Alto. Ticket
reservations may he made hy call
ing DA 3-23 M between I and
p.m. or after 7::»0 p.m. on week
| days.
The play will also he presented
! on March 3, 4, 5, and (i.
•"The Masque of Kings" will l>e
presented by the Palo Alto Com
munity Theater tomorrow, Fri
day, and Saturday nights in the
Civic Theater, Palo Alto. Ticket
reservations may he made hy call
ing DA 3-23 M between I and
p.m. or after 7::»0 p.m. on week
| days.
The play will also he presented
! on March 3, 4, 5, and (i.
•"The Masque of Kings" will l>e
presented by the Palo Alto Com
munity Theater tomorrow, Fri
day, and Saturday nights in the
Civic Theater, Palo Alto. Ticket
reservations may he made hy call
ing DA 3-23 M between I and
p.m. or after 7::»0 p.m. on week
| days.
The play will also he presented
! on March 3, 4, 5, and (i.
