# Job Interviews
## 
### 
Representatives of General Elec
tric Company will be on campus to
day to interview M.BA.'s with en
gineering backgrounds and students
at the B.S. and M.S. levels who will
receive their degrees in March and
June in the fields of electrical, in
dustrial, and mechanical engineer
ing.
* * *
Representatives of Shell Oil Re
fining and Shell Chemical will in
terview students today in all fields
of engineering with B.S. and M.S.
degrees, as well 'as chemists with
B.S. or M.S. degrees. Both men and
women are asked to sign up now at
the Placement Service for inter
views.
â™¦ * *
W. B. Shuster, representative of
Richfield Oil Corporation, will be on
campus today to interview students
who have majored in petroleum,
chemical, or mechanical engineer
ing. Students who are taking grad
uate work at the present time and
who expect to get their M.S. in the
near future will also be inter
viewed.
