# Ruggers Down PA
## 
### FRANK CANCINO 
The undefeated Stanford rugby
team showed a powerful and diver
sified attack in overwhelming the
Palo Alto Ramblers last Saturday.
The 34 to 0 score was a true indica
tion of the strength of the Indian
backfie Id.
Dfv.sey Atkinson again led the
Cards in the scoring column. In
fact, Dorsey's 25 points are the
season high for a one-man per
formance in the Northern Califor
nia Rugby Union. Atkinson scored
with three tries, two penalty
kicks, and five conversions.
However, for the first time this
season, a Card other than Atkinson
managed to break into the varsity
scoring column. Bud Standifer with
six points, on two tries, and Jack
Lewis with three points, on a single
try, were the other scorers.
A prime factor in the stability and
effectiveness of the Indian backfield
was the ball-handling of A 1 Hass.
Dixon Smith and Bud Carr, while
not breaking into the scoring col
umn, were major factors in the
whitewash of the Rambler offense.
Juan Reynaud, the Argentine
student, appeared in the Rambler
game after a couple of weeks' lay
off due to a leg injury. He dis
played the same drive and speed
that earned him a starting posi
tion earlier in the season.
In a preliminary game, the Stan
ford jayvees downed the Petaluma
Leghorns by an 18 to 6 count. In
dian scorers were Bob Antle, eight
points on one try, one conversion,
and one penalty kick; Jim McCam
ant, three points on one try; Jack
Rannells, three points on one try;
and " Dorsey Atkinson, two conver
sions.
The undefeated Stanford rugby
team showed a powerful and diver
sified attack in overwhelming the
Palo Alto Ramblers last Saturday.
The 34 to 0 score was a true indica
tion of the strength of the Indian
backfie Id.
Dfv.sey Atkinson again led the
Cards in the scoring column. In
fact, Dorsey's 25 points are the
season high for a one-man per
formance in the Northern Califor
nia Rugby Union. Atkinson scored
with three tries, two penalty
kicks, and five conversions.
However, for the first time this
season, a Card other than Atkinson
managed to break into the varsity
scoring column. Bud Standifer with
six points, on two tries, and Jack
Lewis with three points, on a single
try, were the other scorers.
A prime factor in the stability and
effectiveness of the Indian backfield
was the ball-handling of A 1 Hass.
Dixon Smith and Bud Carr, while
not breaking into the scoring col
umn, were major factors in the
whitewash of the Rambler offense.
Juan Reynaud, the Argentine
student, appeared in the Rambler
game after a couple of weeks' lay
off due to a leg injury. He dis
played the same drive and speed
that earned him a starting posi
tion earlier in the season.
In a preliminary game, the Stan
ford jayvees downed the Petaluma
Leghorns by an 18 to 6 count. In
dian scorers were Bob Antle, eight
points on one try, one conversion,
and one penalty kick; Jim McCam
ant, three points on one try; Jack
Rannells, three points on one try;
and " Dorsey Atkinson, two conver
sions.
The undefeated Stanford rugby
team showed a powerful and diver
sified attack in overwhelming the
Palo Alto Ramblers last Saturday.
The 34 to 0 score was a true indica
tion of the strength of the Indian
backfie Id.
Dfv.sey Atkinson again led the
Cards in the scoring column. In
fact, Dorsey's 25 points are the
season high for a one-man per
formance in the Northern Califor
nia Rugby Union. Atkinson scored
with three tries, two penalty
kicks, and five conversions.
However, for the first time this
season, a Card other than Atkinson
managed to break into the varsity
scoring column. Bud Standifer with
six points, on two tries, and Jack
Lewis with three points, on a single
try, were the other scorers.
A prime factor in the stability and
effectiveness of the Indian backfield
was the ball-handling of A 1 Hass.
Dixon Smith and Bud Carr, while
not breaking into the scoring col
umn, were major factors in the
whitewash of the Rambler offense.
Juan Reynaud, the Argentine
student, appeared in the Rambler
game after a couple of weeks' lay
off due to a leg injury. He dis
played the same drive and speed
that earned him a starting posi
tion earlier in the season.
In a preliminary game, the Stan
ford jayvees downed the Petaluma
Leghorns by an 18 to 6 count. In
dian scorers were Bob Antle, eight
points on one try, one conversion,
and one penalty kick; Jim McCam
ant, three points on one try; Jack
Rannells, three points on one try;
and " Dorsey Atkinson, two conver
sions.
The undefeated Stanford rugby
team showed a powerful and diver
sified attack in overwhelming the
Palo Alto Ramblers last Saturday.
The 34 to 0 score was a true indica
tion of the strength of the Indian
backfie Id.
Dfv.sey Atkinson again led the
Cards in the scoring column. In
fact, Dorsey's 25 points are the
season high for a one-man per
formance in the Northern Califor
nia Rugby Union. Atkinson scored
with three tries, two penalty
kicks, and five conversions.
However, for the first time this
season, a Card other than Atkinson
managed to break into the varsity
scoring column. Bud Standifer with
six points, on two tries, and Jack
Lewis with three points, on a single
try, were the other scorers.
A prime factor in the stability and
effectiveness of the Indian backfield
was the ball-handling of A 1 Hass.
Dixon Smith and Bud Carr, while
not breaking into the scoring col
umn, were major factors in the
whitewash of the Rambler offense.
Juan Reynaud, the Argentine
student, appeared in the Rambler
game after a couple of weeks' lay
off due to a leg injury. He dis
played the same drive and speed
that earned him a starting posi
tion earlier in the season.
In a preliminary game, the Stan
ford jayvees downed the Petaluma
Leghorns by an 18 to 6 count. In
dian scorers were Bob Antle, eight
points on one try, one conversion,
and one penalty kick; Jim McCam
ant, three points on one try; Jack
Rannells, three points on one try;
and " Dorsey Atkinson, two conver
sions.
The undefeated Stanford rugby
team showed a powerful and diver
sified attack in overwhelming the
Palo Alto Ramblers last Saturday.
The 34 to 0 score was a true indica
tion of the strength of the Indian
backfie Id.
Dfv.sey Atkinson again led the
Cards in the scoring column. In
fact, Dorsey's 25 points are the
season high for a one-man per
formance in the Northern Califor
nia Rugby Union. Atkinson scored
with three tries, two penalty
kicks, and five conversions.
However, for the first time this
season, a Card other than Atkinson
managed to break into the varsity
scoring column. Bud Standifer with
six points, on two tries, and Jack
Lewis with three points, on a single
try, were the other scorers.
A prime factor in the stability and
effectiveness of the Indian backfield
was the ball-handling of A 1 Hass.
Dixon Smith and Bud Carr, while
not breaking into the scoring col
umn, were major factors in the
whitewash of the Rambler offense.
Juan Reynaud, the Argentine
student, appeared in the Rambler
game after a couple of weeks' lay
off due to a leg injury. He dis
played the same drive and speed
that earned him a starting posi
tion earlier in the season.
In a preliminary game, the Stan
ford jayvees downed the Petaluma
Leghorns by an 18 to 6 count. In
dian scorers were Bob Antle, eight
points on one try, one conversion,
and one penalty kick; Jim McCam
ant, three points on one try; Jack
Rannells, three points on one try;
and " Dorsey Atkinson, two conver
sions.
The undefeated Stanford rugby
team showed a powerful and diver
sified attack in overwhelming the
Palo Alto Ramblers last Saturday.
The 34 to 0 score was a true indica
tion of the strength of the Indian
backfie Id.
Dfv.sey Atkinson again led the
Cards in the scoring column. In
fact, Dorsey's 25 points are the
season high for a one-man per
formance in the Northern Califor
nia Rugby Union. Atkinson scored
with three tries, two penalty
kicks, and five conversions.
However, for the first time this
season, a Card other than Atkinson
managed to break into the varsity
scoring column. Bud Standifer with
six points, on two tries, and Jack
Lewis with three points, on a single
try, were the other scorers.
A prime factor in the stability and
effectiveness of the Indian backfield
was the ball-handling of A 1 Hass.
Dixon Smith and Bud Carr, while
not breaking into the scoring col
umn, were major factors in the
whitewash of the Rambler offense.
Juan Reynaud, the Argentine
student, appeared in the Rambler
game after a couple of weeks' lay
off due to a leg injury. He dis
played the same drive and speed
that earned him a starting posi
tion earlier in the season.
In a preliminary game, the Stan
ford jayvees downed the Petaluma
Leghorns by an 18 to 6 count. In
dian scorers were Bob Antle, eight
points on one try, one conversion,
and one penalty kick; Jim McCam
ant, three points on one try; Jack
Rannells, three points on one try;
and " Dorsey Atkinson, two conver
sions.
The undefeated Stanford rugby
team showed a powerful and diver
sified attack in overwhelming the
Palo Alto Ramblers last Saturday.
The 34 to 0 score was a true indica
tion of the strength of the Indian
backfie Id.
Dfv.sey Atkinson again led the
Cards in the scoring column. In
fact, Dorsey's 25 points are the
season high for a one-man per
formance in the Northern Califor
nia Rugby Union. Atkinson scored
with three tries, two penalty
kicks, and five conversions.
However, for the first time this
season, a Card other than Atkinson
managed to break into the varsity
scoring column. Bud Standifer with
six points, on two tries, and Jack
Lewis with three points, on a single
try, were the other scorers.
A prime factor in the stability and
effectiveness of the Indian backfield
was the ball-handling of A 1 Hass.
Dixon Smith and Bud Carr, while
not breaking into the scoring col
umn, were major factors in the
whitewash of the Rambler offense.
Juan Reynaud, the Argentine
student, appeared in the Rambler
game after a couple of weeks' lay
off due to a leg injury. He dis
played the same drive and speed
that earned him a starting posi
tion earlier in the season.
In a preliminary game, the Stan
ford jayvees downed the Petaluma
Leghorns by an 18 to 6 count. In
dian scorers were Bob Antle, eight
points on one try, one conversion,
and one penalty kick; Jim McCam
ant, three points on one try; Jack
Rannells, three points on one try;
and " Dorsey Atkinson, two conver
sions.
The undefeated Stanford rugby
team showed a powerful and diver
sified attack in overwhelming the
Palo Alto Ramblers last Saturday.
The 34 to 0 score was a true indica
tion of the strength of the Indian
backfie Id.
Dfv.sey Atkinson again led the
Cards in the scoring column. In
fact, Dorsey's 25 points are the
season high for a one-man per
formance in the Northern Califor
nia Rugby Union. Atkinson scored
with three tries, two penalty
kicks, and five conversions.
However, for the first time this
season, a Card other than Atkinson
managed to break into the varsity
scoring column. Bud Standifer with
six points, on two tries, and Jack
Lewis with three points, on a single
try, were the other scorers.
A prime factor in the stability and
effectiveness of the Indian backfield
was the ball-handling of A 1 Hass.
Dixon Smith and Bud Carr, while
not breaking into the scoring col
umn, were major factors in the
whitewash of the Rambler offense.
Juan Reynaud, the Argentine
student, appeared in the Rambler
game after a couple of weeks' lay
off due to a leg injury. He dis
played the same drive and speed
that earned him a starting posi
tion earlier in the season.
In a preliminary game, the Stan
ford jayvees downed the Petaluma
Leghorns by an 18 to 6 count. In
dian scorers were Bob Antle, eight
points on one try, one conversion,
and one penalty kick; Jim McCam
ant, three points on one try; Jack
Rannells, three points on one try;
and " Dorsey Atkinson, two conver
sions.
The undefeated Stanford rugby
team showed a powerful and diver
sified attack in overwhelming the
Palo Alto Ramblers last Saturday.
The 34 to 0 score was a true indica
tion of the strength of the Indian
backfie Id.
Dfv.sey Atkinson again led the
Cards in the scoring column. In
fact, Dorsey's 25 points are the
season high for a one-man per
formance in the Northern Califor
nia Rugby Union. Atkinson scored
with three tries, two penalty
kicks, and five conversions.
However, for the first time this
season, a Card other than Atkinson
managed to break into the varsity
scoring column. Bud Standifer with
six points, on two tries, and Jack
Lewis with three points, on a single
try, were the other scorers.
A prime factor in the stability and
effectiveness of the Indian backfield
was the ball-handling of A 1 Hass.
Dixon Smith and Bud Carr, while
not breaking into the scoring col
umn, were major factors in the
whitewash of the Rambler offense.
Juan Reynaud, the Argentine
student, appeared in the Rambler
game after a couple of weeks' lay
off due to a leg injury. He dis
played the same drive and speed
that earned him a starting posi
tion earlier in the season.
In a preliminary game, the Stan
ford jayvees downed the Petaluma
Leghorns by an 18 to 6 count. In
dian scorers were Bob Antle, eight
points on one try, one conversion,
and one penalty kick; Jim McCam
ant, three points on one try; Jack
Rannells, three points on one try;
and " Dorsey Atkinson, two conver
sions.
The undefeated Stanford rugby
team showed a powerful and diver
sified attack in overwhelming the
Palo Alto Ramblers last Saturday.
The 34 to 0 score was a true indica
tion of the strength of the Indian
backfie Id.
Dfv.sey Atkinson again led the
Cards in the scoring column. In
fact, Dorsey's 25 points are the
season high for a one-man per
formance in the Northern Califor
nia Rugby Union. Atkinson scored
with three tries, two penalty
kicks, and five conversions.
However, for the first time this
season, a Card other than Atkinson
managed to break into the varsity
scoring column. Bud Standifer with
six points, on two tries, and Jack
Lewis with three points, on a single
try, were the other scorers.
A prime factor in the stability and
effectiveness of the Indian backfield
was the ball-handling of A 1 Hass.
Dixon Smith and Bud Carr, while
not breaking into the scoring col
umn, were major factors in the
whitewash of the Rambler offense.
Juan Reynaud, the Argentine
student, appeared in the Rambler
game after a couple of weeks' lay
off due to a leg injury. He dis
played the same drive and speed
that earned him a starting posi
tion earlier in the season.
In a preliminary game, the Stan
ford jayvees downed the Petaluma
Leghorns by an 18 to 6 count. In
dian scorers were Bob Antle, eight
points on one try, one conversion,
and one penalty kick; Jim McCam
ant, three points on one try; Jack
Rannells, three points on one try;
and " Dorsey Atkinson, two conver
sions.
The undefeated Stanford rugby
team showed a powerful and diver
sified attack in overwhelming the
Palo Alto Ramblers last Saturday.
The 34 to 0 score was a true indica
tion of the strength of the Indian
backfie Id.
Dfv.sey Atkinson again led the
Cards in the scoring column. In
fact, Dorsey's 25 points are the
season high for a one-man per
formance in the Northern Califor
nia Rugby Union. Atkinson scored
with three tries, two penalty
kicks, and five conversions.
However, for the first time this
season, a Card other than Atkinson
managed to break into the varsity
scoring column. Bud Standifer with
six points, on two tries, and Jack
Lewis with three points, on a single
try, were the other scorers.
A prime factor in the stability and
effectiveness of the Indian backfield
was the ball-handling of A 1 Hass.
Dixon Smith and Bud Carr, while
not breaking into the scoring col
umn, were major factors in the
whitewash of the Rambler offense.
Juan Reynaud, the Argentine
student, appeared in the Rambler
game after a couple of weeks' lay
off due to a leg injury. He dis
played the same drive and speed
that earned him a starting posi
tion earlier in the season.
In a preliminary game, the Stan
ford jayvees downed the Petaluma
Leghorns by an 18 to 6 count. In
dian scorers were Bob Antle, eight
points on one try, one conversion,
and one penalty kick; Jim McCam
ant, three points on one try; Jack
Rannells, three points on one try;
and " Dorsey Atkinson, two conver
sions.
The undefeated Stanford rugby
team showed a powerful and diver
sified attack in overwhelming the
Palo Alto Ramblers last Saturday.
The 34 to 0 score was a true indica
tion of the strength of the Indian
backfie Id.
Dfv.sey Atkinson again led the
Cards in the scoring column. In
fact, Dorsey's 25 points are the
season high for a one-man per
formance in the Northern Califor
nia Rugby Union. Atkinson scored
with three tries, two penalty
kicks, and five conversions.
However, for the first time this
season, a Card other than Atkinson
managed to break into the varsity
scoring column. Bud Standifer with
six points, on two tries, and Jack
Lewis with three points, on a single
try, were the other scorers.
A prime factor in the stability and
effectiveness of the Indian backfield
was the ball-handling of A 1 Hass.
Dixon Smith and Bud Carr, while
not breaking into the scoring col
umn, were major factors in the
whitewash of the Rambler offense.
Juan Reynaud, the Argentine
student, appeared in the Rambler
game after a couple of weeks' lay
off due to a leg injury. He dis
played the same drive and speed
that earned him a starting posi
tion earlier in the season.
In a preliminary game, the Stan
ford jayvees downed the Petaluma
Leghorns by an 18 to 6 count. In
dian scorers were Bob Antle, eight
points on one try, one conversion,
and one penalty kick; Jim McCam
ant, three points on one try; Jack
Rannells, three points on one try;
and " Dorsey Atkinson, two conver
sions.
The undefeated Stanford rugby
team showed a powerful and diver
sified attack in overwhelming the
Palo Alto Ramblers last Saturday.
The 34 to 0 score was a true indica
tion of the strength of the Indian
backfie Id.
Dfv.sey Atkinson again led the
Cards in the scoring column. In
fact, Dorsey's 25 points are the
season high for a one-man per
formance in the Northern Califor
nia Rugby Union. Atkinson scored
with three tries, two penalty
kicks, and five conversions.
However, for the first time this
season, a Card other than Atkinson
managed to break into the varsity
scoring column. Bud Standifer with
six points, on two tries, and Jack
Lewis with three points, on a single
try, were the other scorers.
A prime factor in the stability and
effectiveness of the Indian backfield
was the ball-handling of A 1 Hass.
Dixon Smith and Bud Carr, while
not breaking into the scoring col
umn, were major factors in the
whitewash of the Rambler offense.
Juan Reynaud, the Argentine
student, appeared in the Rambler
game after a couple of weeks' lay
off due to a leg injury. He dis
played the same drive and speed
that earned him a starting posi
tion earlier in the season.
In a preliminary game, the Stan
ford jayvees downed the Petaluma
Leghorns by an 18 to 6 count. In
dian scorers were Bob Antle, eight
points on one try, one conversion,
and one penalty kick; Jim McCam
ant, three points on one try; Jack
Rannells, three points on one try;
and " Dorsey Atkinson, two conver
sions.
The undefeated Stanford rugby
team showed a powerful and diver
sified attack in overwhelming the
Palo Alto Ramblers last Saturday.
The 34 to 0 score was a true indica
tion of the strength of the Indian
backfie Id.
Dfv.sey Atkinson again led the
Cards in the scoring column. In
fact, Dorsey's 25 points are the
season high for a one-man per
formance in the Northern Califor
nia Rugby Union. Atkinson scored
with three tries, two penalty
kicks, and five conversions.
However, for the first time this
season, a Card other than Atkinson
managed to break into the varsity
scoring column. Bud Standifer with
six points, on two tries, and Jack
Lewis with three points, on a single
try, were the other scorers.
A prime factor in the stability and
effectiveness of the Indian backfield
was the ball-handling of A 1 Hass.
Dixon Smith and Bud Carr, while
not breaking into the scoring col
umn, were major factors in the
whitewash of the Rambler offense.
Juan Reynaud, the Argentine
student, appeared in the Rambler
game after a couple of weeks' lay
off due to a leg injury. He dis
played the same drive and speed
that earned him a starting posi
tion earlier in the season.
In a preliminary game, the Stan
ford jayvees downed the Petaluma
Leghorns by an 18 to 6 count. In
dian scorers were Bob Antle, eight
points on one try, one conversion,
and one penalty kick; Jim McCam
ant, three points on one try; Jack
Rannells, three points on one try;
and " Dorsey Atkinson, two conver
sions.
