# HOUSE ELECTIONS
## 
### 
DELTA UPSILON
Randolph Siple, president; Ronald
Allen, vice-president and social
chairman; Jim MeCamant, house
manager; Alex Lee, recording sec
retary; Chuck Raflfcty, correspond
ing secretary; Bill Honsaker, pledge
master; Craig Callahan, athletic
chairman; and Tim Terry, Delta
Upsilon editor.
DELTA UPSILON
Randolph Siple, president; Ronald
Allen, vice-president and social
chairman; Jim MeCamant, house
manager; Alex Lee, recording sec
retary; Chuck Raflfcty, correspond
ing secretary; Bill Honsaker, pledge
master; Craig Callahan, athletic
chairman; and Tim Terry, Delta
Upsilon editor.
DELTA UPSILON
Randolph Siple, president; Ronald
Allen, vice-president and social
chairman; Jim MeCamant, house
manager; Alex Lee, recording sec
retary; Chuck Raflfcty, correspond
ing secretary; Bill Honsaker, pledge
master; Craig Callahan, athletic
chairman; and Tim Terry, Delta
Upsilon editor.
DELTA UPSILON
Randolph Siple, president; Ronald
Allen, vice-president and social
chairman; Jim MeCamant, house
manager; Alex Lee, recording sec
retary; Chuck Raflfcty, correspond
ing secretary; Bill Honsaker, pledge
master; Craig Callahan, athletic
chairman; and Tim Terry, Delta
Upsilon editor.
DELTA UPSILON
Randolph Siple, president; Ronald
Allen, vice-president and social
chairman; Jim MeCamant, house
manager; Alex Lee, recording sec
retary; Chuck Raflfcty, correspond
ing secretary; Bill Honsaker, pledge
master; Craig Callahan, athletic
chairman; and Tim Terry, Delta
Upsilon editor.
DELTA UPSILON
Randolph Siple, president; Ronald
Allen, vice-president and social
chairman; Jim MeCamant, house
manager; Alex Lee, recording sec
retary; Chuck Raflfcty, correspond
ing secretary; Bill Honsaker, pledge
master; Craig Callahan, athletic
chairman; and Tim Terry, Delta
Upsilon editor.
DELTA UPSILON
Randolph Siple, president; Ronald
Allen, vice-president and social
chairman; Jim MeCamant, house
manager; Alex Lee, recording sec
retary; Chuck Raflfcty, correspond
ing secretary; Bill Honsaker, pledge
master; Craig Callahan, athletic
chairman; and Tim Terry, Delta
Upsilon editor.
DELTA UPSILON
Randolph Siple, president; Ronald
Allen, vice-president and social
chairman; Jim MeCamant, house
manager; Alex Lee, recording sec
retary; Chuck Raflfcty, correspond
ing secretary; Bill Honsaker, pledge
master; Craig Callahan, athletic
chairman; and Tim Terry, Delta
Upsilon editor.
DELTA UPSILON
Randolph Siple, president; Ronald
Allen, vice-president and social
chairman; Jim MeCamant, house
manager; Alex Lee, recording sec
retary; Chuck Raflfcty, correspond
ing secretary; Bill Honsaker, pledge
master; Craig Callahan, athletic
chairman; and Tim Terry, Delta
Upsilon editor.
DELTA UPSILON
Randolph Siple, president; Ronald
Allen, vice-president and social
chairman; Jim MeCamant, house
manager; Alex Lee, recording sec
retary; Chuck Raflfcty, correspond
ing secretary; Bill Honsaker, pledge
master; Craig Callahan, athletic
chairman; and Tim Terry, Delta
Upsilon editor.
DELTA UPSILON
Randolph Siple, president; Ronald
Allen, vice-president and social
chairman; Jim MeCamant, house
manager; Alex Lee, recording sec
retary; Chuck Raflfcty, correspond
ing secretary; Bill Honsaker, pledge
master; Craig Callahan, athletic
chairman; and Tim Terry, Delta
Upsilon editor.
DELTA UPSILON
Randolph Siple, president; Ronald
Allen, vice-president and social
chairman; Jim MeCamant, house
manager; Alex Lee, recording sec
retary; Chuck Raflfcty, correspond
ing secretary; Bill Honsaker, pledge
master; Craig Callahan, athletic
chairman; and Tim Terry, Delta
Upsilon editor.
DELTA UPSILON
Randolph Siple, president; Ronald
Allen, vice-president and social
chairman; Jim MeCamant, house
manager; Alex Lee, recording sec
retary; Chuck Raflfcty, correspond
ing secretary; Bill Honsaker, pledge
master; Craig Callahan, athletic
chairman; and Tim Terry, Delta
Upsilon editor.
DELTA UPSILON
Randolph Siple, president; Ronald
Allen, vice-president and social
chairman; Jim MeCamant, house
manager; Alex Lee, recording sec
retary; Chuck Raflfcty, correspond
ing secretary; Bill Honsaker, pledge
master; Craig Callahan, athletic
chairman; and Tim Terry, Delta
Upsilon editor.
