# German Linguists Will Meet Today
## 
### 
German-speaking and American
students interested in Teutonic
language and culture will meet
today in a coffee hour sponsored
by the Institute of International
Relations.
The meeting will be at 4:30
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. All inter
ested students are welcome, ac
cording to Andy White, co-pub
licity director.
The lIR is also sponsoring for
eign language tables in various
dining halls. Students interested
in organizing the language tables
may contact Lester O'Shea in
Stern Hall or the lilt Shack.
German-speaking and American
students interested in Teutonic
language and culture will meet
today in a coffee hour sponsored
by the Institute of International
Relations.
The meeting will be at 4:30
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. All inter
ested students are welcome, ac
cording to Andy White, co-pub
licity director.
The lIR is also sponsoring for
eign language tables in various
dining halls. Students interested
in organizing the language tables
may contact Lester O'Shea in
Stern Hall or the lilt Shack.
German-speaking and American
students interested in Teutonic
language and culture will meet
today in a coffee hour sponsored
by the Institute of International
Relations.
The meeting will be at 4:30
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. All inter
ested students are welcome, ac
cording to Andy White, co-pub
licity director.
The lIR is also sponsoring for
eign language tables in various
dining halls. Students interested
in organizing the language tables
may contact Lester O'Shea in
Stern Hall or the lilt Shack.
German-speaking and American
students interested in Teutonic
language and culture will meet
today in a coffee hour sponsored
by the Institute of International
Relations.
The meeting will be at 4:30
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. All inter
ested students are welcome, ac
cording to Andy White, co-pub
licity director.
The lIR is also sponsoring for
eign language tables in various
dining halls. Students interested
in organizing the language tables
may contact Lester O'Shea in
Stern Hall or the lilt Shack.
German-speaking and American
students interested in Teutonic
language and culture will meet
today in a coffee hour sponsored
by the Institute of International
Relations.
The meeting will be at 4:30
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. All inter
ested students are welcome, ac
cording to Andy White, co-pub
licity director.
The lIR is also sponsoring for
eign language tables in various
dining halls. Students interested
in organizing the language tables
may contact Lester O'Shea in
Stern Hall or the lilt Shack.
German-speaking and American
students interested in Teutonic
language and culture will meet
today in a coffee hour sponsored
by the Institute of International
Relations.
The meeting will be at 4:30
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. All inter
ested students are welcome, ac
cording to Andy White, co-pub
licity director.
The lIR is also sponsoring for
eign language tables in various
dining halls. Students interested
in organizing the language tables
may contact Lester O'Shea in
Stern Hall or the lilt Shack.
German-speaking and American
students interested in Teutonic
language and culture will meet
today in a coffee hour sponsored
by the Institute of International
Relations.
The meeting will be at 4:30
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. All inter
ested students are welcome, ac
cording to Andy White, co-pub
licity director.
The lIR is also sponsoring for
eign language tables in various
dining halls. Students interested
in organizing the language tables
may contact Lester O'Shea in
Stern Hall or the lilt Shack.
German-speaking and American
students interested in Teutonic
language and culture will meet
today in a coffee hour sponsored
by the Institute of International
Relations.
The meeting will be at 4:30
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. All inter
ested students are welcome, ac
cording to Andy White, co-pub
licity director.
The lIR is also sponsoring for
eign language tables in various
dining halls. Students interested
in organizing the language tables
may contact Lester O'Shea in
Stern Hall or the lilt Shack.
German-speaking and American
students interested in Teutonic
language and culture will meet
today in a coffee hour sponsored
by the Institute of International
Relations.
The meeting will be at 4:30
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. All inter
ested students are welcome, ac
cording to Andy White, co-pub
licity director.
The lIR is also sponsoring for
eign language tables in various
dining halls. Students interested
in organizing the language tables
may contact Lester O'Shea in
Stern Hall or the lilt Shack.
German-speaking and American
students interested in Teutonic
language and culture will meet
today in a coffee hour sponsored
by the Institute of International
Relations.
The meeting will be at 4:30
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. All inter
ested students are welcome, ac
cording to Andy White, co-pub
licity director.
The lIR is also sponsoring for
eign language tables in various
dining halls. Students interested
in organizing the language tables
may contact Lester O'Shea in
Stern Hall or the lilt Shack.
German-speaking and American
students interested in Teutonic
language and culture will meet
today in a coffee hour sponsored
by the Institute of International
Relations.
The meeting will be at 4:30
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. All inter
ested students are welcome, ac
cording to Andy White, co-pub
licity director.
The lIR is also sponsoring for
eign language tables in various
dining halls. Students interested
in organizing the language tables
may contact Lester O'Shea in
Stern Hall or the lilt Shack.
German-speaking and American
students interested in Teutonic
language and culture will meet
today in a coffee hour sponsored
by the Institute of International
Relations.
The meeting will be at 4:30
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. All inter
ested students are welcome, ac
cording to Andy White, co-pub
licity director.
The lIR is also sponsoring for
eign language tables in various
dining halls. Students interested
in organizing the language tables
may contact Lester O'Shea in
Stern Hall or the lilt Shack.
German-speaking and American
students interested in Teutonic
language and culture will meet
today in a coffee hour sponsored
by the Institute of International
Relations.
The meeting will be at 4:30
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. All inter
ested students are welcome, ac
cording to Andy White, co-pub
licity director.
The lIR is also sponsoring for
eign language tables in various
dining halls. Students interested
in organizing the language tables
may contact Lester O'Shea in
Stern Hall or the lilt Shack.
German-speaking and American
students interested in Teutonic
language and culture will meet
today in a coffee hour sponsored
by the Institute of International
Relations.
The meeting will be at 4:30
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. All inter
ested students are welcome, ac
cording to Andy White, co-pub
licity director.
The lIR is also sponsoring for
eign language tables in various
dining halls. Students interested
in organizing the language tables
may contact Lester O'Shea in
Stern Hall or the lilt Shack.
German-speaking and American
students interested in Teutonic
language and culture will meet
today in a coffee hour sponsored
by the Institute of International
Relations.
The meeting will be at 4:30
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. All inter
ested students are welcome, ac
cording to Andy White, co-pub
licity director.
The lIR is also sponsoring for
eign language tables in various
dining halls. Students interested
in organizing the language tables
may contact Lester O'Shea in
Stern Hall or the lilt Shack.
German-speaking and American
students interested in Teutonic
language and culture will meet
today in a coffee hour sponsored
by the Institute of International
Relations.
The meeting will be at 4:30
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse. All inter
ested students are welcome, ac
cording to Andy White, co-pub
licity director.
The lIR is also sponsoring for
eign language tables in various
dining halls. Students interested
in organizing the language tables
may contact Lester O'Shea in
Stern Hall or the lilt Shack.
