# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
ENGAGEMENT
Durand House announces thei
engagement of Lewayne Dorman,
Class of '63, to James B. Gil
christ, Stanford Law School, j
Class of ’64.
ENGAGEMENT
Durand House announces thei
engagement of Lewayne Dorman,
Class of '63, to James B. Gil
christ, Stanford Law School, j
Class of ’64.
ENGAGEMENT
Durand House announces thei
engagement of Lewayne Dorman,
Class of '63, to James B. Gil
christ, Stanford Law School, j
Class of ’64.
ENGAGEMENT
Durand House announces thei
engagement of Lewayne Dorman,
Class of '63, to James B. Gil
christ, Stanford Law School, j
Class of ’64.
ENGAGEMENT
Durand House announces thei
engagement of Lewayne Dorman,
Class of '63, to James B. Gil
christ, Stanford Law School, j
Class of ’64.
ENGAGEMENT
Durand House announces thei
engagement of Lewayne Dorman,
Class of '63, to James B. Gil
christ, Stanford Law School, j
Class of ’64.
ENGAGEMENT
Durand House announces thei
engagement of Lewayne Dorman,
Class of '63, to James B. Gil
christ, Stanford Law School, j
Class of ’64.
ENGAGEMENT
Durand House announces thei
engagement of Lewayne Dorman,
Class of '63, to James B. Gil
christ, Stanford Law School, j
Class of ’64.
ENGAGEMENT
Durand House announces thei
engagement of Lewayne Dorman,
Class of '63, to James B. Gil
christ, Stanford Law School, j
Class of ’64.
ENGAGEMENT
Durand House announces thei
engagement of Lewayne Dorman,
Class of '63, to James B. Gil
christ, Stanford Law School, j
Class of ’64.
ENGAGEMENT
Durand House announces thei
engagement of Lewayne Dorman,
Class of '63, to James B. Gil
christ, Stanford Law School, j
Class of ’64.
ENGAGEMENT
Durand House announces thei
engagement of Lewayne Dorman,
Class of '63, to James B. Gil
christ, Stanford Law School, j
Class of ’64.
ENGAGEMENT
Durand House announces thei
engagement of Lewayne Dorman,
Class of '63, to James B. Gil
christ, Stanford Law School, j
Class of ’64.
ENGAGEMENT
Durand House announces thei
engagement of Lewayne Dorman,
Class of '63, to James B. Gil
christ, Stanford Law School, j
Class of ’64.
