# Today Is Last Day for Vaccination Blanks
## 
### 
The deadline for handing in vac
cination certificates is 5 o'clock,
July 15, at the Registrar's office.
A fine of S2 will result if these
certificates aren't turned in by all
new students, including those stu
dents who have permits to attend
classes, and those whose certificates
have expired. If they are not filed
by July 22. registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion by the Committee on Public
Health.
The deadline for handing in vac
cination certificates is 5 o'clock,
July 15, at the Registrar's office.
A fine of S2 will result if these
certificates aren't turned in by all
new students, including those stu
dents who have permits to attend
classes, and those whose certificates
have expired. If they are not filed
by July 22. registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion by the Committee on Public
Health.
The deadline for handing in vac
cination certificates is 5 o'clock,
July 15, at the Registrar's office.
A fine of S2 will result if these
certificates aren't turned in by all
new students, including those stu
dents who have permits to attend
classes, and those whose certificates
have expired. If they are not filed
by July 22. registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion by the Committee on Public
Health.
The deadline for handing in vac
cination certificates is 5 o'clock,
July 15, at the Registrar's office.
A fine of S2 will result if these
certificates aren't turned in by all
new students, including those stu
dents who have permits to attend
classes, and those whose certificates
have expired. If they are not filed
by July 22. registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion by the Committee on Public
Health.
The deadline for handing in vac
cination certificates is 5 o'clock,
July 15, at the Registrar's office.
A fine of S2 will result if these
certificates aren't turned in by all
new students, including those stu
dents who have permits to attend
classes, and those whose certificates
have expired. If they are not filed
by July 22. registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion by the Committee on Public
Health.
The deadline for handing in vac
cination certificates is 5 o'clock,
July 15, at the Registrar's office.
A fine of S2 will result if these
certificates aren't turned in by all
new students, including those stu
dents who have permits to attend
classes, and those whose certificates
have expired. If they are not filed
by July 22. registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion by the Committee on Public
Health.
The deadline for handing in vac
cination certificates is 5 o'clock,
July 15, at the Registrar's office.
A fine of S2 will result if these
certificates aren't turned in by all
new students, including those stu
dents who have permits to attend
classes, and those whose certificates
have expired. If they are not filed
by July 22. registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion by the Committee on Public
Health.
The deadline for handing in vac
cination certificates is 5 o'clock,
July 15, at the Registrar's office.
A fine of S2 will result if these
certificates aren't turned in by all
new students, including those stu
dents who have permits to attend
classes, and those whose certificates
have expired. If they are not filed
by July 22. registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion by the Committee on Public
Health.
The deadline for handing in vac
cination certificates is 5 o'clock,
July 15, at the Registrar's office.
A fine of S2 will result if these
certificates aren't turned in by all
new students, including those stu
dents who have permits to attend
classes, and those whose certificates
have expired. If they are not filed
by July 22. registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion by the Committee on Public
Health.
The deadline for handing in vac
cination certificates is 5 o'clock,
July 15, at the Registrar's office.
A fine of S2 will result if these
certificates aren't turned in by all
new students, including those stu
dents who have permits to attend
classes, and those whose certificates
have expired. If they are not filed
by July 22. registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion by the Committee on Public
Health.
The deadline for handing in vac
cination certificates is 5 o'clock,
July 15, at the Registrar's office.
A fine of S2 will result if these
certificates aren't turned in by all
new students, including those stu
dents who have permits to attend
classes, and those whose certificates
have expired. If they are not filed
by July 22. registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion by the Committee on Public
Health.
The deadline for handing in vac
cination certificates is 5 o'clock,
July 15, at the Registrar's office.
A fine of S2 will result if these
certificates aren't turned in by all
new students, including those stu
dents who have permits to attend
classes, and those whose certificates
have expired. If they are not filed
by July 22. registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion by the Committee on Public
Health.
The deadline for handing in vac
cination certificates is 5 o'clock,
July 15, at the Registrar's office.
A fine of S2 will result if these
certificates aren't turned in by all
new students, including those stu
dents who have permits to attend
classes, and those whose certificates
have expired. If they are not filed
by July 22. registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion by the Committee on Public
Health.
The deadline for handing in vac
cination certificates is 5 o'clock,
July 15, at the Registrar's office.
A fine of S2 will result if these
certificates aren't turned in by all
new students, including those stu
dents who have permits to attend
classes, and those whose certificates
have expired. If they are not filed
by July 22. registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion by the Committee on Public
Health.
The deadline for handing in vac
cination certificates is 5 o'clock,
July 15, at the Registrar's office.
A fine of S2 will result if these
certificates aren't turned in by all
new students, including those stu
dents who have permits to attend
classes, and those whose certificates
have expired. If they are not filed
by July 22. registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion by the Committee on Public
Health.
The deadline for handing in vac
cination certificates is 5 o'clock,
July 15, at the Registrar's office.
A fine of S2 will result if these
certificates aren't turned in by all
new students, including those stu
dents who have permits to attend
classes, and those whose certificates
have expired. If they are not filed
by July 22. registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion by the Committee on Public
Health.
The deadline for handing in vac
cination certificates is 5 o'clock,
July 15, at the Registrar's office.
A fine of S2 will result if these
certificates aren't turned in by all
new students, including those stu
dents who have permits to attend
classes, and those whose certificates
have expired. If they are not filed
by July 22. registration in the Uni
versity will be subject to cancella
tion by the Committee on Public
Health.
