# Al Snyder Takes Saber Title, 2 Places In Foils
## 
### 
Placing first in thj Pacific Const
novice saber bouts and taking two
seconds in the open foils and junior
foils, A1 Snyder, Stanford fencing
ace, emerged as one of the outstand
ing stars in the Pacific Coast fenc
ing events of the Amateur Fencing
League of America held at Berkeley
on Saturday.
Placing first in thj Pacific Const
novice saber bouts and taking two
seconds in the open foils and junior
foils, A1 Snyder, Stanford fencing
ace, emerged as one of the outstand
ing stars in the Pacific Coast fenc
ing events of the Amateur Fencing
League of America held at Berkeley
on Saturday.
Placing first in thj Pacific Const
novice saber bouts and taking two
seconds in the open foils and junior
foils, A1 Snyder, Stanford fencing
ace, emerged as one of the outstand
ing stars in the Pacific Coast fenc
ing events of the Amateur Fencing
League of America held at Berkeley
on Saturday.
Placing first in thj Pacific Const
novice saber bouts and taking two
seconds in the open foils and junior
foils, A1 Snyder, Stanford fencing
ace, emerged as one of the outstand
ing stars in the Pacific Coast fenc
ing events of the Amateur Fencing
League of America held at Berkeley
on Saturday.
Placing first in thj Pacific Const
novice saber bouts and taking two
seconds in the open foils and junior
foils, A1 Snyder, Stanford fencing
ace, emerged as one of the outstand
ing stars in the Pacific Coast fenc
ing events of the Amateur Fencing
League of America held at Berkeley
on Saturday.
Placing first in thj Pacific Const
novice saber bouts and taking two
seconds in the open foils and junior
foils, A1 Snyder, Stanford fencing
ace, emerged as one of the outstand
ing stars in the Pacific Coast fenc
ing events of the Amateur Fencing
League of America held at Berkeley
on Saturday.
Placing first in thj Pacific Const
novice saber bouts and taking two
seconds in the open foils and junior
foils, A1 Snyder, Stanford fencing
ace, emerged as one of the outstand
ing stars in the Pacific Coast fenc
ing events of the Amateur Fencing
League of America held at Berkeley
on Saturday.
Placing first in thj Pacific Const
novice saber bouts and taking two
seconds in the open foils and junior
foils, A1 Snyder, Stanford fencing
ace, emerged as one of the outstand
ing stars in the Pacific Coast fenc
ing events of the Amateur Fencing
League of America held at Berkeley
on Saturday.
Placing first in thj Pacific Const
novice saber bouts and taking two
seconds in the open foils and junior
foils, A1 Snyder, Stanford fencing
ace, emerged as one of the outstand
ing stars in the Pacific Coast fenc
ing events of the Amateur Fencing
League of America held at Berkeley
on Saturday.
Placing first in thj Pacific Const
novice saber bouts and taking two
seconds in the open foils and junior
foils, A1 Snyder, Stanford fencing
ace, emerged as one of the outstand
ing stars in the Pacific Coast fenc
ing events of the Amateur Fencing
League of America held at Berkeley
on Saturday.
Placing first in thj Pacific Const
novice saber bouts and taking two
seconds in the open foils and junior
foils, A1 Snyder, Stanford fencing
ace, emerged as one of the outstand
ing stars in the Pacific Coast fenc
ing events of the Amateur Fencing
League of America held at Berkeley
on Saturday.
Placing first in thj Pacific Const
novice saber bouts and taking two
seconds in the open foils and junior
foils, A1 Snyder, Stanford fencing
ace, emerged as one of the outstand
ing stars in the Pacific Coast fenc
ing events of the Amateur Fencing
League of America held at Berkeley
on Saturday.
Placing first in thj Pacific Const
novice saber bouts and taking two
seconds in the open foils and junior
foils, A1 Snyder, Stanford fencing
ace, emerged as one of the outstand
ing stars in the Pacific Coast fenc
ing events of the Amateur Fencing
League of America held at Berkeley
on Saturday.
Placing first in thj Pacific Const
novice saber bouts and taking two
seconds in the open foils and junior
foils, A1 Snyder, Stanford fencing
ace, emerged as one of the outstand
ing stars in the Pacific Coast fenc
ing events of the Amateur Fencing
League of America held at Berkeley
on Saturday.
