# CHICAGO TEACHERS PARADE
## 
### 
CHICAGO, April D (/P) —Official-
dom, prodded by parading unpaid
school teachers, today pushed plans
to .select a bona fide mayor for the
nation's second city before the end
of the week.
CHICAGO, April D (/P) —Official-
dom, prodded by parading unpaid
school teachers, today pushed plans
to .select a bona fide mayor for the
nation's second city before the end
of the week.
CHICAGO, April D (/P) —Official-
dom, prodded by parading unpaid
school teachers, today pushed plans
to .select a bona fide mayor for the
nation's second city before the end
of the week.
CHICAGO, April D (/P) —Official-
dom, prodded by parading unpaid
school teachers, today pushed plans
to .select a bona fide mayor for the
nation's second city before the end
of the week.
CHICAGO, April D (/P) —Official-
dom, prodded by parading unpaid
school teachers, today pushed plans
to .select a bona fide mayor for the
nation's second city before the end
of the week.
CHICAGO, April D (/P) —Official-
dom, prodded by parading unpaid
school teachers, today pushed plans
to .select a bona fide mayor for the
nation's second city before the end
of the week.
CHICAGO, April D (/P) —Official-
dom, prodded by parading unpaid
school teachers, today pushed plans
to .select a bona fide mayor for the
nation's second city before the end
of the week.
CHICAGO, April D (/P) —Official-
dom, prodded by parading unpaid
school teachers, today pushed plans
to .select a bona fide mayor for the
nation's second city before the end
of the week.
CHICAGO, April D (/P) —Official-
dom, prodded by parading unpaid
school teachers, today pushed plans
to .select a bona fide mayor for the
nation's second city before the end
of the week.
CHICAGO, April D (/P) —Official-
dom, prodded by parading unpaid
school teachers, today pushed plans
to .select a bona fide mayor for the
nation's second city before the end
of the week.
CHICAGO, April D (/P) —Official-
dom, prodded by parading unpaid
school teachers, today pushed plans
to .select a bona fide mayor for the
nation's second city before the end
of the week.
CHICAGO, April D (/P) —Official-
dom, prodded by parading unpaid
school teachers, today pushed plans
to .select a bona fide mayor for the
nation's second city before the end
of the week.
CHICAGO, April D (/P) —Official-
dom, prodded by parading unpaid
school teachers, today pushed plans
to .select a bona fide mayor for the
nation's second city before the end
of the week.
CHICAGO, April D (/P) —Official-
dom, prodded by parading unpaid
school teachers, today pushed plans
to .select a bona fide mayor for the
nation's second city before the end
of the week.
