# Nominations Made For Three Y.W.C.A. Posts
## 
### 
Nominations for the three remain- ;
ing Y.W.C.A. positions have been
announced by the nominations com
mittee. Marion Hattersley was nomi
nated for vice-president, Florence
Parsons for secretary, and Alice
Philp for treasurer. Any further
nominations for these positions must
be handed in at the "Y" rooms by
noon todny.
Nominations for the three remain- ;
ing Y.W.C.A. positions have been
announced by the nominations com
mittee. Marion Hattersley was nomi
nated for vice-president, Florence
Parsons for secretary, and Alice
Philp for treasurer. Any further
nominations for these positions must
be handed in at the "Y" rooms by
noon todny.
Nominations for the three remain- ;
ing Y.W.C.A. positions have been
announced by the nominations com
mittee. Marion Hattersley was nomi
nated for vice-president, Florence
Parsons for secretary, and Alice
Philp for treasurer. Any further
nominations for these positions must
be handed in at the "Y" rooms by
noon todny.
Nominations for the three remain- ;
ing Y.W.C.A. positions have been
announced by the nominations com
mittee. Marion Hattersley was nomi
nated for vice-president, Florence
Parsons for secretary, and Alice
Philp for treasurer. Any further
nominations for these positions must
be handed in at the "Y" rooms by
noon todny.
Nominations for the three remain- ;
ing Y.W.C.A. positions have been
announced by the nominations com
mittee. Marion Hattersley was nomi
nated for vice-president, Florence
Parsons for secretary, and Alice
Philp for treasurer. Any further
nominations for these positions must
be handed in at the "Y" rooms by
noon todny.
Nominations for the three remain- ;
ing Y.W.C.A. positions have been
announced by the nominations com
mittee. Marion Hattersley was nomi
nated for vice-president, Florence
Parsons for secretary, and Alice
Philp for treasurer. Any further
nominations for these positions must
be handed in at the "Y" rooms by
noon todny.
Nominations for the three remain- ;
ing Y.W.C.A. positions have been
announced by the nominations com
mittee. Marion Hattersley was nomi
nated for vice-president, Florence
Parsons for secretary, and Alice
Philp for treasurer. Any further
nominations for these positions must
be handed in at the "Y" rooms by
noon todny.
Nominations for the three remain- ;
ing Y.W.C.A. positions have been
announced by the nominations com
mittee. Marion Hattersley was nomi
nated for vice-president, Florence
Parsons for secretary, and Alice
Philp for treasurer. Any further
nominations for these positions must
be handed in at the "Y" rooms by
noon todny.
Nominations for the three remain- ;
ing Y.W.C.A. positions have been
announced by the nominations com
mittee. Marion Hattersley was nomi
nated for vice-president, Florence
Parsons for secretary, and Alice
Philp for treasurer. Any further
nominations for these positions must
be handed in at the "Y" rooms by
noon todny.
Nominations for the three remain- ;
ing Y.W.C.A. positions have been
announced by the nominations com
mittee. Marion Hattersley was nomi
nated for vice-president, Florence
Parsons for secretary, and Alice
Philp for treasurer. Any further
nominations for these positions must
be handed in at the "Y" rooms by
noon todny.
Nominations for the three remain- ;
ing Y.W.C.A. positions have been
announced by the nominations com
mittee. Marion Hattersley was nomi
nated for vice-president, Florence
Parsons for secretary, and Alice
Philp for treasurer. Any further
nominations for these positions must
be handed in at the "Y" rooms by
noon todny.
Nominations for the three remain- ;
ing Y.W.C.A. positions have been
announced by the nominations com
mittee. Marion Hattersley was nomi
nated for vice-president, Florence
Parsons for secretary, and Alice
Philp for treasurer. Any further
nominations for these positions must
be handed in at the "Y" rooms by
noon todny.
Nominations for the three remain- ;
ing Y.W.C.A. positions have been
announced by the nominations com
mittee. Marion Hattersley was nomi
nated for vice-president, Florence
Parsons for secretary, and Alice
Philp for treasurer. Any further
nominations for these positions must
be handed in at the "Y" rooms by
noon todny.
Nominations for the three remain- ;
ing Y.W.C.A. positions have been
announced by the nominations com
mittee. Marion Hattersley was nomi
nated for vice-president, Florence
Parsons for secretary, and Alice
Philp for treasurer. Any further
nominations for these positions must
be handed in at the "Y" rooms by
noon todny.
