# GIVEN NEW POST
## 
### 

Harlow Rothert, '30. legendary
figure in Farm athletic history, now
holds the new position of Field Sec
retaray of the Stanford Alumni As
sociation.

Harlow Rothert, '30. legendary
figure in Farm athletic history, now
holds the new position of Field Sec
retaray of the Stanford Alumni As
sociation.

Harlow Rothert, '30. legendary
figure in Farm athletic history, now
holds the new position of Field Sec
retaray of the Stanford Alumni As
sociation.

Harlow Rothert, '30. legendary
figure in Farm athletic history, now
holds the new position of Field Sec
retaray of the Stanford Alumni As
sociation.

Harlow Rothert, '30. legendary
figure in Farm athletic history, now
holds the new position of Field Sec
retaray of the Stanford Alumni As
sociation.

Harlow Rothert, '30. legendary
figure in Farm athletic history, now
holds the new position of Field Sec
retaray of the Stanford Alumni As
sociation.

Harlow Rothert, '30. legendary
figure in Farm athletic history, now
holds the new position of Field Sec
retaray of the Stanford Alumni As
sociation.

Harlow Rothert, '30. legendary
figure in Farm athletic history, now
holds the new position of Field Sec
retaray of the Stanford Alumni As
sociation.

Harlow Rothert, '30. legendary
figure in Farm athletic history, now
holds the new position of Field Sec
retaray of the Stanford Alumni As
sociation.

Harlow Rothert, '30. legendary
figure in Farm athletic history, now
holds the new position of Field Sec
retaray of the Stanford Alumni As
sociation.

Harlow Rothert, '30. legendary
figure in Farm athletic history, now
holds the new position of Field Sec
retaray of the Stanford Alumni As
sociation.

Harlow Rothert, '30. legendary
figure in Farm athletic history, now
holds the new position of Field Sec
retaray of the Stanford Alumni As
sociation.

Harlow Rothert, '30. legendary
figure in Farm athletic history, now
holds the new position of Field Sec
retaray of the Stanford Alumni As
sociation.

Harlow Rothert, '30. legendary
figure in Farm athletic history, now
holds the new position of Field Sec
retaray of the Stanford Alumni As
sociation.
