# PHI PSI PLEDGE
## 
### 
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Cyril Henderson, '34.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Cyril Henderson, '34.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Cyril Henderson, '34.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Cyril Henderson, '34.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Cyril Henderson, '34.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Cyril Henderson, '34.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Cyril Henderson, '34.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Cyril Henderson, '34.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Cyril Henderson, '34.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Cyril Henderson, '34.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Cyril Henderson, '34.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Cyril Henderson, '34.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Cyril Henderson, '34.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Cyril Henderson, '34.
