# Adv. 19 Page 3
## 
### 
FAST-GROWING
Water-skiing is perhaps the
fastest growing sport, going from
zero skiers in 1926 to over six
million today. Last year’s over
all skiing champions were Chuck
Slearns and Jenny Hodges.
FAST-GROWING
Water-skiing is perhaps the
fastest growing sport, going from
zero skiers in 1926 to over six
million today. Last year’s over
all skiing champions were Chuck
Slearns and Jenny Hodges.
FAST-GROWING
Water-skiing is perhaps the
fastest growing sport, going from
zero skiers in 1926 to over six
million today. Last year’s over
all skiing champions were Chuck
Slearns and Jenny Hodges.
FAST-GROWING
Water-skiing is perhaps the
fastest growing sport, going from
zero skiers in 1926 to over six
million today. Last year’s over
all skiing champions were Chuck
Slearns and Jenny Hodges.
FAST-GROWING
Water-skiing is perhaps the
fastest growing sport, going from
zero skiers in 1926 to over six
million today. Last year’s over
all skiing champions were Chuck
Slearns and Jenny Hodges.
FAST-GROWING
Water-skiing is perhaps the
fastest growing sport, going from
zero skiers in 1926 to over six
million today. Last year’s over
all skiing champions were Chuck
Slearns and Jenny Hodges.
FAST-GROWING
Water-skiing is perhaps the
fastest growing sport, going from
zero skiers in 1926 to over six
million today. Last year’s over
all skiing champions were Chuck
Slearns and Jenny Hodges.
FAST-GROWING
Water-skiing is perhaps the
fastest growing sport, going from
zero skiers in 1926 to over six
million today. Last year’s over
all skiing champions were Chuck
Slearns and Jenny Hodges.
FAST-GROWING
Water-skiing is perhaps the
fastest growing sport, going from
zero skiers in 1926 to over six
million today. Last year’s over
all skiing champions were Chuck
Slearns and Jenny Hodges.
FAST-GROWING
Water-skiing is perhaps the
fastest growing sport, going from
zero skiers in 1926 to over six
million today. Last year’s over
all skiing champions were Chuck
Slearns and Jenny Hodges.
FAST-GROWING
Water-skiing is perhaps the
fastest growing sport, going from
zero skiers in 1926 to over six
million today. Last year’s over
all skiing champions were Chuck
Slearns and Jenny Hodges.
FAST-GROWING
Water-skiing is perhaps the
fastest growing sport, going from
zero skiers in 1926 to over six
million today. Last year’s over
all skiing champions were Chuck
Slearns and Jenny Hodges.
FAST-GROWING
Water-skiing is perhaps the
fastest growing sport, going from
zero skiers in 1926 to over six
million today. Last year’s over
all skiing champions were Chuck
Slearns and Jenny Hodges.
FAST-GROWING
Water-skiing is perhaps the
fastest growing sport, going from
zero skiers in 1926 to over six
million today. Last year’s over
all skiing champions were Chuck
Slearns and Jenny Hodges.
FAST-GROWING
Water-skiing is perhaps the
fastest growing sport, going from
zero skiers in 1926 to over six
million today. Last year’s over
all skiing champions were Chuck
Slearns and Jenny Hodges.
