# Tryouts for Union Board To Be Held This Week
## 
### 
Tresidder Union Board tryouts,
the first to be held since the
opening of the new Union build
ing, have been scheduled for
Wednesday and Thursday after
noons of this week. Chairmen of
the Tresidder divisions will also
select new division personnel
during the tryouts.
The all-student Union Board
serves primarily as a policy-mak
ing body and a coordinating
agency for the activities of the
student divisions. Four divisions
—Cultural Arts, Program, In
formation, and Games—are pres
ently conducting the Tresidder
Program.
Each of the nine positions on
the Union board becomes vacant
this quarter, and must bo filled
by either a graduate or under
graduate student. Members are
chosen two per class from the
Sophomore, Junior, and Senior
classes, and there arc three mem
bers-at-large.
Students interested in either
Board or division positions may
sign the tryout schedule sheets
at the Tresidder Information
Desk. Tryouts will be held 1-6
p.m. in Room 269 on Wednesday,
and 1-6 p.m. in Room 268, Tresid
der, on Thursday.
Tresidder Union Board tryouts,
the first to be held since the
opening of the new Union build
ing, have been scheduled for
Wednesday and Thursday after
noons of this week. Chairmen of
the Tresidder divisions will also
select new division personnel
during the tryouts.
The all-student Union Board
serves primarily as a policy-mak
ing body and a coordinating
agency for the activities of the
student divisions. Four divisions
—Cultural Arts, Program, In
formation, and Games—are pres
ently conducting the Tresidder
Program.
Each of the nine positions on
the Union board becomes vacant
this quarter, and must bo filled
by either a graduate or under
graduate student. Members are
chosen two per class from the
Sophomore, Junior, and Senior
classes, and there arc three mem
bers-at-large.
Students interested in either
Board or division positions may
sign the tryout schedule sheets
at the Tresidder Information
Desk. Tryouts will be held 1-6
p.m. in Room 269 on Wednesday,
and 1-6 p.m. in Room 268, Tresid
der, on Thursday.
Tresidder Union Board tryouts,
the first to be held since the
opening of the new Union build
ing, have been scheduled for
Wednesday and Thursday after
noons of this week. Chairmen of
the Tresidder divisions will also
select new division personnel
during the tryouts.
The all-student Union Board
serves primarily as a policy-mak
ing body and a coordinating
agency for the activities of the
student divisions. Four divisions
—Cultural Arts, Program, In
formation, and Games—are pres
ently conducting the Tresidder
Program.
Each of the nine positions on
the Union board becomes vacant
this quarter, and must bo filled
by either a graduate or under
graduate student. Members are
chosen two per class from the
Sophomore, Junior, and Senior
classes, and there arc three mem
bers-at-large.
Students interested in either
Board or division positions may
sign the tryout schedule sheets
at the Tresidder Information
Desk. Tryouts will be held 1-6
p.m. in Room 269 on Wednesday,
and 1-6 p.m. in Room 268, Tresid
der, on Thursday.
Tresidder Union Board tryouts,
the first to be held since the
opening of the new Union build
ing, have been scheduled for
Wednesday and Thursday after
noons of this week. Chairmen of
the Tresidder divisions will also
select new division personnel
during the tryouts.
The all-student Union Board
serves primarily as a policy-mak
ing body and a coordinating
agency for the activities of the
student divisions. Four divisions
—Cultural Arts, Program, In
formation, and Games—are pres
ently conducting the Tresidder
Program.
Each of the nine positions on
the Union board becomes vacant
this quarter, and must bo filled
by either a graduate or under
graduate student. Members are
chosen two per class from the
Sophomore, Junior, and Senior
classes, and there arc three mem
bers-at-large.
Students interested in either
Board or division positions may
sign the tryout schedule sheets
at the Tresidder Information
Desk. Tryouts will be held 1-6
p.m. in Room 269 on Wednesday,
and 1-6 p.m. in Room 268, Tresid
der, on Thursday.
Tresidder Union Board tryouts,
the first to be held since the
opening of the new Union build
ing, have been scheduled for
Wednesday and Thursday after
noons of this week. Chairmen of
the Tresidder divisions will also
select new division personnel
during the tryouts.
The all-student Union Board
serves primarily as a policy-mak
ing body and a coordinating
agency for the activities of the
student divisions. Four divisions
—Cultural Arts, Program, In
formation, and Games—are pres
ently conducting the Tresidder
Program.
Each of the nine positions on
the Union board becomes vacant
this quarter, and must bo filled
by either a graduate or under
graduate student. Members are
chosen two per class from the
Sophomore, Junior, and Senior
classes, and there arc three mem
bers-at-large.
Students interested in either
Board or division positions may
sign the tryout schedule sheets
at the Tresidder Information
Desk. Tryouts will be held 1-6
p.m. in Room 269 on Wednesday,
and 1-6 p.m. in Room 268, Tresid
der, on Thursday.
Tresidder Union Board tryouts,
the first to be held since the
opening of the new Union build
ing, have been scheduled for
Wednesday and Thursday after
noons of this week. Chairmen of
the Tresidder divisions will also
select new division personnel
during the tryouts.
The all-student Union Board
serves primarily as a policy-mak
ing body and a coordinating
agency for the activities of the
student divisions. Four divisions
—Cultural Arts, Program, In
formation, and Games—are pres
ently conducting the Tresidder
Program.
Each of the nine positions on
the Union board becomes vacant
this quarter, and must bo filled
by either a graduate or under
graduate student. Members are
chosen two per class from the
Sophomore, Junior, and Senior
classes, and there arc three mem
bers-at-large.
Students interested in either
Board or division positions may
sign the tryout schedule sheets
at the Tresidder Information
Desk. Tryouts will be held 1-6
p.m. in Room 269 on Wednesday,
and 1-6 p.m. in Room 268, Tresid
der, on Thursday.
Tresidder Union Board tryouts,
the first to be held since the
opening of the new Union build
ing, have been scheduled for
Wednesday and Thursday after
noons of this week. Chairmen of
the Tresidder divisions will also
select new division personnel
during the tryouts.
The all-student Union Board
serves primarily as a policy-mak
ing body and a coordinating
agency for the activities of the
student divisions. Four divisions
—Cultural Arts, Program, In
formation, and Games—are pres
ently conducting the Tresidder
Program.
Each of the nine positions on
the Union board becomes vacant
this quarter, and must bo filled
by either a graduate or under
graduate student. Members are
chosen two per class from the
Sophomore, Junior, and Senior
classes, and there arc three mem
bers-at-large.
Students interested in either
Board or division positions may
sign the tryout schedule sheets
at the Tresidder Information
Desk. Tryouts will be held 1-6
p.m. in Room 269 on Wednesday,
and 1-6 p.m. in Room 268, Tresid
der, on Thursday.
Tresidder Union Board tryouts,
the first to be held since the
opening of the new Union build
ing, have been scheduled for
Wednesday and Thursday after
noons of this week. Chairmen of
the Tresidder divisions will also
select new division personnel
during the tryouts.
The all-student Union Board
serves primarily as a policy-mak
ing body and a coordinating
agency for the activities of the
student divisions. Four divisions
—Cultural Arts, Program, In
formation, and Games—are pres
ently conducting the Tresidder
Program.
Each of the nine positions on
the Union board becomes vacant
this quarter, and must bo filled
by either a graduate or under
graduate student. Members are
chosen two per class from the
Sophomore, Junior, and Senior
classes, and there arc three mem
bers-at-large.
Students interested in either
Board or division positions may
sign the tryout schedule sheets
at the Tresidder Information
Desk. Tryouts will be held 1-6
p.m. in Room 269 on Wednesday,
and 1-6 p.m. in Room 268, Tresid
der, on Thursday.
Tresidder Union Board tryouts,
the first to be held since the
opening of the new Union build
ing, have been scheduled for
Wednesday and Thursday after
noons of this week. Chairmen of
the Tresidder divisions will also
select new division personnel
during the tryouts.
The all-student Union Board
serves primarily as a policy-mak
ing body and a coordinating
agency for the activities of the
student divisions. Four divisions
—Cultural Arts, Program, In
formation, and Games—are pres
ently conducting the Tresidder
Program.
Each of the nine positions on
the Union board becomes vacant
this quarter, and must bo filled
by either a graduate or under
graduate student. Members are
chosen two per class from the
Sophomore, Junior, and Senior
classes, and there arc three mem
bers-at-large.
Students interested in either
Board or division positions may
sign the tryout schedule sheets
at the Tresidder Information
Desk. Tryouts will be held 1-6
p.m. in Room 269 on Wednesday,
and 1-6 p.m. in Room 268, Tresid
der, on Thursday.
Tresidder Union Board tryouts,
the first to be held since the
opening of the new Union build
ing, have been scheduled for
Wednesday and Thursday after
noons of this week. Chairmen of
the Tresidder divisions will also
select new division personnel
during the tryouts.
The all-student Union Board
serves primarily as a policy-mak
ing body and a coordinating
agency for the activities of the
student divisions. Four divisions
—Cultural Arts, Program, In
formation, and Games—are pres
ently conducting the Tresidder
Program.
Each of the nine positions on
the Union board becomes vacant
this quarter, and must bo filled
by either a graduate or under
graduate student. Members are
chosen two per class from the
Sophomore, Junior, and Senior
classes, and there arc three mem
bers-at-large.
Students interested in either
Board or division positions may
sign the tryout schedule sheets
at the Tresidder Information
Desk. Tryouts will be held 1-6
p.m. in Room 269 on Wednesday,
and 1-6 p.m. in Room 268, Tresid
der, on Thursday.
Tresidder Union Board tryouts,
the first to be held since the
opening of the new Union build
ing, have been scheduled for
Wednesday and Thursday after
noons of this week. Chairmen of
the Tresidder divisions will also
select new division personnel
during the tryouts.
The all-student Union Board
serves primarily as a policy-mak
ing body and a coordinating
agency for the activities of the
student divisions. Four divisions
—Cultural Arts, Program, In
formation, and Games—are pres
ently conducting the Tresidder
Program.
Each of the nine positions on
the Union board becomes vacant
this quarter, and must bo filled
by either a graduate or under
graduate student. Members are
chosen two per class from the
Sophomore, Junior, and Senior
classes, and there arc three mem
bers-at-large.
Students interested in either
Board or division positions may
sign the tryout schedule sheets
at the Tresidder Information
Desk. Tryouts will be held 1-6
p.m. in Room 269 on Wednesday,
and 1-6 p.m. in Room 268, Tresid
der, on Thursday.
Tresidder Union Board tryouts,
the first to be held since the
opening of the new Union build
ing, have been scheduled for
Wednesday and Thursday after
noons of this week. Chairmen of
the Tresidder divisions will also
select new division personnel
during the tryouts.
The all-student Union Board
serves primarily as a policy-mak
ing body and a coordinating
agency for the activities of the
student divisions. Four divisions
—Cultural Arts, Program, In
formation, and Games—are pres
ently conducting the Tresidder
Program.
Each of the nine positions on
the Union board becomes vacant
this quarter, and must bo filled
by either a graduate or under
graduate student. Members are
chosen two per class from the
Sophomore, Junior, and Senior
classes, and there arc three mem
bers-at-large.
Students interested in either
Board or division positions may
sign the tryout schedule sheets
at the Tresidder Information
Desk. Tryouts will be held 1-6
p.m. in Room 269 on Wednesday,
and 1-6 p.m. in Room 268, Tresid
der, on Thursday.
Tresidder Union Board tryouts,
the first to be held since the
opening of the new Union build
ing, have been scheduled for
Wednesday and Thursday after
noons of this week. Chairmen of
the Tresidder divisions will also
select new division personnel
during the tryouts.
The all-student Union Board
serves primarily as a policy-mak
ing body and a coordinating
agency for the activities of the
student divisions. Four divisions
—Cultural Arts, Program, In
formation, and Games—are pres
ently conducting the Tresidder
Program.
Each of the nine positions on
the Union board becomes vacant
this quarter, and must bo filled
by either a graduate or under
graduate student. Members are
chosen two per class from the
Sophomore, Junior, and Senior
classes, and there arc three mem
bers-at-large.
Students interested in either
Board or division positions may
sign the tryout schedule sheets
at the Tresidder Information
Desk. Tryouts will be held 1-6
p.m. in Room 269 on Wednesday,
and 1-6 p.m. in Room 268, Tresid
der, on Thursday.
Tresidder Union Board tryouts,
the first to be held since the
opening of the new Union build
ing, have been scheduled for
Wednesday and Thursday after
noons of this week. Chairmen of
the Tresidder divisions will also
select new division personnel
during the tryouts.
The all-student Union Board
serves primarily as a policy-mak
ing body and a coordinating
agency for the activities of the
student divisions. Four divisions
—Cultural Arts, Program, In
formation, and Games—are pres
ently conducting the Tresidder
Program.
Each of the nine positions on
the Union board becomes vacant
this quarter, and must bo filled
by either a graduate or under
graduate student. Members are
chosen two per class from the
Sophomore, Junior, and Senior
classes, and there arc three mem
bers-at-large.
Students interested in either
Board or division positions may
sign the tryout schedule sheets
at the Tresidder Information
Desk. Tryouts will be held 1-6
p.m. in Room 269 on Wednesday,
and 1-6 p.m. in Room 268, Tresid
der, on Thursday.
Tresidder Union Board tryouts,
the first to be held since the
opening of the new Union build
ing, have been scheduled for
Wednesday and Thursday after
noons of this week. Chairmen of
the Tresidder divisions will also
select new division personnel
during the tryouts.
The all-student Union Board
serves primarily as a policy-mak
ing body and a coordinating
agency for the activities of the
student divisions. Four divisions
—Cultural Arts, Program, In
formation, and Games—are pres
ently conducting the Tresidder
Program.
Each of the nine positions on
the Union board becomes vacant
this quarter, and must bo filled
by either a graduate or under
graduate student. Members are
chosen two per class from the
Sophomore, Junior, and Senior
classes, and there arc three mem
bers-at-large.
Students interested in either
Board or division positions may
sign the tryout schedule sheets
at the Tresidder Information
Desk. Tryouts will be held 1-6
p.m. in Room 269 on Wednesday,
and 1-6 p.m. in Room 268, Tresid
der, on Thursday.
