# QUAD PICTURES AND ROUGHS' DAY TOPICS AT SENIOR MEETING
## 
### 
Discussion of the 1925 Quad and re
quest to have senior pictures taken
promptly, were the leading topics taken
up at a meeting of the senior class yes
terday afternoon in Room 214 of the
English building.
"Pictures must be taken before No
vember 13," said Carl Shoup, editor of
the 1924 Quad, speaking for Don McKay,
editor of this year's book. "Only four
days remain a;id those who do not have
them in that time will never get
another chance. N'o record will be put in
the Quad without the picture, so seniors
should show some activity and have their
photos taken.
"The size of the book lias been changed
somewhat this year, making it taller and
thinner. There are a few other changes
which the old Quad board as well as the

1925 Quad board consider advantageous."
Due to the small number attending the
meeting, no report on the progress of
Rough's Day was given, except to state
that* the day will be held as before only
under the new rulings passed by Men's
Council and accepted by President Wil
bur.
A financial report of the class showed
the 1924 organization to be a "Rockefeller
among the four classes." The balance in
the treasury will be retained until the
end of the year when the senior ball will
consume it. thus reducing the cost to the
seniors.
Discussion of the 1925 Quad and re
quest to have senior pictures taken
promptly, were the leading topics taken
up at a meeting of the senior class yes
terday afternoon in Room 214 of the
English building.
"Pictures must be taken before No
vember 13," said Carl Shoup, editor of
the 1924 Quad, speaking for Don McKay,
editor of this year's book. "Only four
days remain a;id those who do not have
them in that time will never get
another chance. N'o record will be put in
the Quad without the picture, so seniors
should show some activity and have their
photos taken.
"The size of the book lias been changed
somewhat this year, making it taller and
thinner. There are a few other changes
which the old Quad board as well as the

1925 Quad board consider advantageous."
Due to the small number attending the
meeting, no report on the progress of
Rough's Day was given, except to state
that* the day will be held as before only
under the new rulings passed by Men's
Council and accepted by President Wil
bur.
A financial report of the class showed
the 1924 organization to be a "Rockefeller
among the four classes." The balance in
the treasury will be retained until the
end of the year when the senior ball will
consume it. thus reducing the cost to the
seniors.
Discussion of the 1925 Quad and re
quest to have senior pictures taken
promptly, were the leading topics taken
up at a meeting of the senior class yes
terday afternoon in Room 214 of the
English building.
"Pictures must be taken before No
vember 13," said Carl Shoup, editor of
the 1924 Quad, speaking for Don McKay,
editor of this year's book. "Only four
days remain a;id those who do not have
them in that time will never get
another chance. N'o record will be put in
the Quad without the picture, so seniors
should show some activity and have their
photos taken.
"The size of the book lias been changed
somewhat this year, making it taller and
thinner. There are a few other changes
which the old Quad board as well as the

1925 Quad board consider advantageous."
Due to the small number attending the
meeting, no report on the progress of
Rough's Day was given, except to state
that* the day will be held as before only
under the new rulings passed by Men's
Council and accepted by President Wil
bur.
A financial report of the class showed
the 1924 organization to be a "Rockefeller
among the four classes." The balance in
the treasury will be retained until the
end of the year when the senior ball will
consume it. thus reducing the cost to the
seniors.
Discussion of the 1925 Quad and re
quest to have senior pictures taken
promptly, were the leading topics taken
up at a meeting of the senior class yes
terday afternoon in Room 214 of the
English building.
"Pictures must be taken before No
vember 13," said Carl Shoup, editor of
the 1924 Quad, speaking for Don McKay,
editor of this year's book. "Only four
days remain a;id those who do not have
them in that time will never get
another chance. N'o record will be put in
the Quad without the picture, so seniors
should show some activity and have their
photos taken.
"The size of the book lias been changed
somewhat this year, making it taller and
thinner. There are a few other changes
which the old Quad board as well as the

1925 Quad board consider advantageous."
Due to the small number attending the
meeting, no report on the progress of
Rough's Day was given, except to state
that* the day will be held as before only
under the new rulings passed by Men's
Council and accepted by President Wil
bur.
A financial report of the class showed
the 1924 organization to be a "Rockefeller
among the four classes." The balance in
the treasury will be retained until the
end of the year when the senior ball will
consume it. thus reducing the cost to the
seniors.
Discussion of the 1925 Quad and re
quest to have senior pictures taken
promptly, were the leading topics taken
up at a meeting of the senior class yes
terday afternoon in Room 214 of the
English building.
"Pictures must be taken before No
vember 13," said Carl Shoup, editor of
the 1924 Quad, speaking for Don McKay,
editor of this year's book. "Only four
days remain a;id those who do not have
them in that time will never get
another chance. N'o record will be put in
the Quad without the picture, so seniors
should show some activity and have their
photos taken.
"The size of the book lias been changed
somewhat this year, making it taller and
thinner. There are a few other changes
which the old Quad board as well as the

1925 Quad board consider advantageous."
Due to the small number attending the
meeting, no report on the progress of
Rough's Day was given, except to state
that* the day will be held as before only
under the new rulings passed by Men's
Council and accepted by President Wil
bur.
A financial report of the class showed
the 1924 organization to be a "Rockefeller
among the four classes." The balance in
the treasury will be retained until the
end of the year when the senior ball will
consume it. thus reducing the cost to the
seniors.
Discussion of the 1925 Quad and re
quest to have senior pictures taken
promptly, were the leading topics taken
up at a meeting of the senior class yes
terday afternoon in Room 214 of the
English building.
"Pictures must be taken before No
vember 13," said Carl Shoup, editor of
the 1924 Quad, speaking for Don McKay,
editor of this year's book. "Only four
days remain a;id those who do not have
them in that time will never get
another chance. N'o record will be put in
the Quad without the picture, so seniors
should show some activity and have their
photos taken.
"The size of the book lias been changed
somewhat this year, making it taller and
thinner. There are a few other changes
which the old Quad board as well as the

1925 Quad board consider advantageous."
Due to the small number attending the
meeting, no report on the progress of
Rough's Day was given, except to state
that* the day will be held as before only
under the new rulings passed by Men's
Council and accepted by President Wil
bur.
A financial report of the class showed
the 1924 organization to be a "Rockefeller
among the four classes." The balance in
the treasury will be retained until the
end of the year when the senior ball will
consume it. thus reducing the cost to the
seniors.
Discussion of the 1925 Quad and re
quest to have senior pictures taken
promptly, were the leading topics taken
up at a meeting of the senior class yes
terday afternoon in Room 214 of the
English building.
"Pictures must be taken before No
vember 13," said Carl Shoup, editor of
the 1924 Quad, speaking for Don McKay,
editor of this year's book. "Only four
days remain a;id those who do not have
them in that time will never get
another chance. N'o record will be put in
the Quad without the picture, so seniors
should show some activity and have their
photos taken.
"The size of the book lias been changed
somewhat this year, making it taller and
thinner. There are a few other changes
which the old Quad board as well as the

1925 Quad board consider advantageous."
Due to the small number attending the
meeting, no report on the progress of
Rough's Day was given, except to state
that* the day will be held as before only
under the new rulings passed by Men's
Council and accepted by President Wil
bur.
A financial report of the class showed
the 1924 organization to be a "Rockefeller
among the four classes." The balance in
the treasury will be retained until the
end of the year when the senior ball will
consume it. thus reducing the cost to the
seniors.
Discussion of the 1925 Quad and re
quest to have senior pictures taken
promptly, were the leading topics taken
up at a meeting of the senior class yes
terday afternoon in Room 214 of the
English building.
"Pictures must be taken before No
vember 13," said Carl Shoup, editor of
the 1924 Quad, speaking for Don McKay,
editor of this year's book. "Only four
days remain a;id those who do not have
them in that time will never get
another chance. N'o record will be put in
the Quad without the picture, so seniors
should show some activity and have their
photos taken.
"The size of the book lias been changed
somewhat this year, making it taller and
thinner. There are a few other changes
which the old Quad board as well as the

1925 Quad board consider advantageous."
Due to the small number attending the
meeting, no report on the progress of
Rough's Day was given, except to state
that* the day will be held as before only
under the new rulings passed by Men's
Council and accepted by President Wil
bur.
A financial report of the class showed
the 1924 organization to be a "Rockefeller
among the four classes." The balance in
the treasury will be retained until the
end of the year when the senior ball will
consume it. thus reducing the cost to the
seniors.
Discussion of the 1925 Quad and re
quest to have senior pictures taken
promptly, were the leading topics taken
up at a meeting of the senior class yes
terday afternoon in Room 214 of the
English building.
"Pictures must be taken before No
vember 13," said Carl Shoup, editor of
the 1924 Quad, speaking for Don McKay,
editor of this year's book. "Only four
days remain a;id those who do not have
them in that time will never get
another chance. N'o record will be put in
the Quad without the picture, so seniors
should show some activity and have their
photos taken.
"The size of the book lias been changed
somewhat this year, making it taller and
thinner. There are a few other changes
which the old Quad board as well as the

1925 Quad board consider advantageous."
Due to the small number attending the
meeting, no report on the progress of
Rough's Day was given, except to state
that* the day will be held as before only
under the new rulings passed by Men's
Council and accepted by President Wil
bur.
A financial report of the class showed
the 1924 organization to be a "Rockefeller
among the four classes." The balance in
the treasury will be retained until the
end of the year when the senior ball will
consume it. thus reducing the cost to the
seniors.
Discussion of the 1925 Quad and re
quest to have senior pictures taken
promptly, were the leading topics taken
up at a meeting of the senior class yes
terday afternoon in Room 214 of the
English building.
"Pictures must be taken before No
vember 13," said Carl Shoup, editor of
the 1924 Quad, speaking for Don McKay,
editor of this year's book. "Only four
days remain a;id those who do not have
them in that time will never get
another chance. N'o record will be put in
the Quad without the picture, so seniors
should show some activity and have their
photos taken.
"The size of the book lias been changed
somewhat this year, making it taller and
thinner. There are a few other changes
which the old Quad board as well as the

1925 Quad board consider advantageous."
Due to the small number attending the
meeting, no report on the progress of
Rough's Day was given, except to state
that* the day will be held as before only
under the new rulings passed by Men's
Council and accepted by President Wil
bur.
A financial report of the class showed
the 1924 organization to be a "Rockefeller
among the four classes." The balance in
the treasury will be retained until the
end of the year when the senior ball will
consume it. thus reducing the cost to the
seniors.
Discussion of the 1925 Quad and re
quest to have senior pictures taken
promptly, were the leading topics taken
up at a meeting of the senior class yes
terday afternoon in Room 214 of the
English building.
"Pictures must be taken before No
vember 13," said Carl Shoup, editor of
the 1924 Quad, speaking for Don McKay,
editor of this year's book. "Only four
days remain a;id those who do not have
them in that time will never get
another chance. N'o record will be put in
the Quad without the picture, so seniors
should show some activity and have their
photos taken.
"The size of the book lias been changed
somewhat this year, making it taller and
thinner. There are a few other changes
which the old Quad board as well as the

1925 Quad board consider advantageous."
Due to the small number attending the
meeting, no report on the progress of
Rough's Day was given, except to state
that* the day will be held as before only
under the new rulings passed by Men's
Council and accepted by President Wil
bur.
A financial report of the class showed
the 1924 organization to be a "Rockefeller
among the four classes." The balance in
the treasury will be retained until the
end of the year when the senior ball will
consume it. thus reducing the cost to the
seniors.
Discussion of the 1925 Quad and re
quest to have senior pictures taken
promptly, were the leading topics taken
up at a meeting of the senior class yes
terday afternoon in Room 214 of the
English building.
"Pictures must be taken before No
vember 13," said Carl Shoup, editor of
the 1924 Quad, speaking for Don McKay,
editor of this year's book. "Only four
days remain a;id those who do not have
them in that time will never get
another chance. N'o record will be put in
the Quad without the picture, so seniors
should show some activity and have their
photos taken.
"The size of the book lias been changed
somewhat this year, making it taller and
thinner. There are a few other changes
which the old Quad board as well as the

1925 Quad board consider advantageous."
Due to the small number attending the
meeting, no report on the progress of
Rough's Day was given, except to state
that* the day will be held as before only
under the new rulings passed by Men's
Council and accepted by President Wil
bur.
A financial report of the class showed
the 1924 organization to be a "Rockefeller
among the four classes." The balance in
the treasury will be retained until the
end of the year when the senior ball will
consume it. thus reducing the cost to the
seniors.
Discussion of the 1925 Quad and re
quest to have senior pictures taken
promptly, were the leading topics taken
up at a meeting of the senior class yes
terday afternoon in Room 214 of the
English building.
"Pictures must be taken before No
vember 13," said Carl Shoup, editor of
the 1924 Quad, speaking for Don McKay,
editor of this year's book. "Only four
days remain a;id those who do not have
them in that time will never get
another chance. N'o record will be put in
the Quad without the picture, so seniors
should show some activity and have their
photos taken.
"The size of the book lias been changed
somewhat this year, making it taller and
thinner. There are a few other changes
which the old Quad board as well as the

1925 Quad board consider advantageous."
Due to the small number attending the
meeting, no report on the progress of
Rough's Day was given, except to state
that* the day will be held as before only
under the new rulings passed by Men's
Council and accepted by President Wil
bur.
A financial report of the class showed
the 1924 organization to be a "Rockefeller
among the four classes." The balance in
the treasury will be retained until the
end of the year when the senior ball will
consume it. thus reducing the cost to the
seniors.
Discussion of the 1925 Quad and re
quest to have senior pictures taken
promptly, were the leading topics taken
up at a meeting of the senior class yes
terday afternoon in Room 214 of the
English building.
"Pictures must be taken before No
vember 13," said Carl Shoup, editor of
the 1924 Quad, speaking for Don McKay,
editor of this year's book. "Only four
days remain a;id those who do not have
them in that time will never get
another chance. N'o record will be put in
the Quad without the picture, so seniors
should show some activity and have their
photos taken.
"The size of the book lias been changed
somewhat this year, making it taller and
thinner. There are a few other changes
which the old Quad board as well as the

1925 Quad board consider advantageous."
Due to the small number attending the
meeting, no report on the progress of
Rough's Day was given, except to state
that* the day will be held as before only
under the new rulings passed by Men's
Council and accepted by President Wil
bur.
A financial report of the class showed
the 1924 organization to be a "Rockefeller
among the four classes." The balance in
the treasury will be retained until the
end of the year when the senior ball will
consume it. thus reducing the cost to the
seniors.
Discussion of the 1925 Quad and re
quest to have senior pictures taken
promptly, were the leading topics taken
up at a meeting of the senior class yes
terday afternoon in Room 214 of the
English building.
"Pictures must be taken before No
vember 13," said Carl Shoup, editor of
the 1924 Quad, speaking for Don McKay,
editor of this year's book. "Only four
days remain a;id those who do not have
them in that time will never get
another chance. N'o record will be put in
the Quad without the picture, so seniors
should show some activity and have their
photos taken.
"The size of the book lias been changed
somewhat this year, making it taller and
thinner. There are a few other changes
which the old Quad board as well as the

1925 Quad board consider advantageous."
Due to the small number attending the
meeting, no report on the progress of
Rough's Day was given, except to state
that* the day will be held as before only
under the new rulings passed by Men's
Council and accepted by President Wil
bur.
A financial report of the class showed
the 1924 organization to be a "Rockefeller
among the four classes." The balance in
the treasury will be retained until the
end of the year when the senior ball will
consume it. thus reducing the cost to the
seniors.
