# ROOTERS WILL DANCE AFTER CAL-U. S. C. GAME
## 
### 
BERKELEY —In order to promote
a better spirit between the University
of California and U. S. C. a combined
student body dance will be given in
Los Angeles at the Biltmore hotel the
night of the game between the two
institutions. Two special trains, and
the steamship Harvard will carry
California rooters to Los Angeles for
the game, while 800 students plan to
motor down.
BERKELEY —In order to promote
a better spirit between the University
of California and U. S. C. a combined
student body dance will be given in
Los Angeles at the Biltmore hotel the
night of the game between the two
institutions. Two special trains, and
the steamship Harvard will carry
California rooters to Los Angeles for
the game, while 800 students plan to
motor down.
BERKELEY —In order to promote
a better spirit between the University
of California and U. S. C. a combined
student body dance will be given in
Los Angeles at the Biltmore hotel the
night of the game between the two
institutions. Two special trains, and
the steamship Harvard will carry
California rooters to Los Angeles for
the game, while 800 students plan to
motor down.
BERKELEY —In order to promote
a better spirit between the University
of California and U. S. C. a combined
student body dance will be given in
Los Angeles at the Biltmore hotel the
night of the game between the two
institutions. Two special trains, and
the steamship Harvard will carry
California rooters to Los Angeles for
the game, while 800 students plan to
motor down.
BERKELEY —In order to promote
a better spirit between the University
of California and U. S. C. a combined
student body dance will be given in
Los Angeles at the Biltmore hotel the
night of the game between the two
institutions. Two special trains, and
the steamship Harvard will carry
California rooters to Los Angeles for
the game, while 800 students plan to
motor down.
BERKELEY —In order to promote
a better spirit between the University
of California and U. S. C. a combined
student body dance will be given in
Los Angeles at the Biltmore hotel the
night of the game between the two
institutions. Two special trains, and
the steamship Harvard will carry
California rooters to Los Angeles for
the game, while 800 students plan to
motor down.
BERKELEY —In order to promote
a better spirit between the University
of California and U. S. C. a combined
student body dance will be given in
Los Angeles at the Biltmore hotel the
night of the game between the two
institutions. Two special trains, and
the steamship Harvard will carry
California rooters to Los Angeles for
the game, while 800 students plan to
motor down.
BERKELEY —In order to promote
a better spirit between the University
of California and U. S. C. a combined
student body dance will be given in
Los Angeles at the Biltmore hotel the
night of the game between the two
institutions. Two special trains, and
the steamship Harvard will carry
California rooters to Los Angeles for
the game, while 800 students plan to
motor down.
BERKELEY —In order to promote
a better spirit between the University
of California and U. S. C. a combined
student body dance will be given in
Los Angeles at the Biltmore hotel the
night of the game between the two
institutions. Two special trains, and
the steamship Harvard will carry
California rooters to Los Angeles for
the game, while 800 students plan to
motor down.
BERKELEY —In order to promote
a better spirit between the University
of California and U. S. C. a combined
student body dance will be given in
Los Angeles at the Biltmore hotel the
night of the game between the two
institutions. Two special trains, and
the steamship Harvard will carry
California rooters to Los Angeles for
the game, while 800 students plan to
motor down.
BERKELEY —In order to promote
a better spirit between the University
of California and U. S. C. a combined
student body dance will be given in
Los Angeles at the Biltmore hotel the
night of the game between the two
institutions. Two special trains, and
the steamship Harvard will carry
California rooters to Los Angeles for
the game, while 800 students plan to
motor down.
BERKELEY —In order to promote
a better spirit between the University
of California and U. S. C. a combined
student body dance will be given in
Los Angeles at the Biltmore hotel the
night of the game between the two
institutions. Two special trains, and
the steamship Harvard will carry
California rooters to Los Angeles for
the game, while 800 students plan to
motor down.
BERKELEY —In order to promote
a better spirit between the University
of California and U. S. C. a combined
student body dance will be given in
Los Angeles at the Biltmore hotel the
night of the game between the two
institutions. Two special trains, and
the steamship Harvard will carry
California rooters to Los Angeles for
the game, while 800 students plan to
motor down.
BERKELEY —In order to promote
a better spirit between the University
of California and U. S. C. a combined
student body dance will be given in
Los Angeles at the Biltmore hotel the
night of the game between the two
institutions. Two special trains, and
the steamship Harvard will carry
California rooters to Los Angeles for
the game, while 800 students plan to
motor down.
BERKELEY —In order to promote
a better spirit between the University
of California and U. S. C. a combined
student body dance will be given in
Los Angeles at the Biltmore hotel the
night of the game between the two
institutions. Two special trains, and
the steamship Harvard will carry
California rooters to Los Angeles for
the game, while 800 students plan to
motor down.
