# Under the Sun
## 
### 
Despite all the
devices that man
can contrive to
harness natural
forces, the skill
and ingenuity
that he displays
in rearing great
buildings, inventing
intricate machines
that almost shame
nature, and
accomplishing on *
every hand near
miracles of science . . .
Wm
Despite all this—
earthquake, fire,
tornado, flood,
volcanic eruption
and war destroy
man's works, and
dwarf his power
to insignificance.
Despite all the
devices that man
can contrive to
harness natural
forces, the skill
and ingenuity
that he displays
in rearing great
buildings, inventing
intricate machines
that almost shame
nature, and
accomplishing on *
every hand near
miracles of science . . .
Wm
Despite all this—
earthquake, fire,
tornado, flood,
volcanic eruption
and war destroy
man's works, and
dwarf his power
to insignificance.
Despite all the
devices that man
can contrive to
harness natural
forces, the skill
and ingenuity
that he displays
in rearing great
buildings, inventing
intricate machines
that almost shame
nature, and
accomplishing on *
every hand near
miracles of science . . .
Wm
Despite all this—
earthquake, fire,
tornado, flood,
volcanic eruption
and war destroy
man's works, and
dwarf his power
to insignificance.
Despite all the
devices that man
can contrive to
harness natural
forces, the skill
and ingenuity
that he displays
in rearing great
buildings, inventing
intricate machines
that almost shame
nature, and
accomplishing on *
every hand near
miracles of science . . .
Wm
Despite all this—
earthquake, fire,
tornado, flood,
volcanic eruption
and war destroy
man's works, and
dwarf his power
to insignificance.
Despite all the
devices that man
can contrive to
harness natural
forces, the skill
and ingenuity
that he displays
in rearing great
buildings, inventing
intricate machines
that almost shame
nature, and
accomplishing on *
every hand near
miracles of science . . .
Wm
Despite all this—
earthquake, fire,
tornado, flood,
volcanic eruption
and war destroy
man's works, and
dwarf his power
to insignificance.
Despite all the
devices that man
can contrive to
harness natural
forces, the skill
and ingenuity
that he displays
in rearing great
buildings, inventing
intricate machines
that almost shame
nature, and
accomplishing on *
every hand near
miracles of science . . .
Wm
Despite all this—
earthquake, fire,
tornado, flood,
volcanic eruption
and war destroy
man's works, and
dwarf his power
to insignificance.
Despite all the
devices that man
can contrive to
harness natural
forces, the skill
and ingenuity
that he displays
in rearing great
buildings, inventing
intricate machines
that almost shame
nature, and
accomplishing on *
every hand near
miracles of science . . .
Wm
Despite all this—
earthquake, fire,
tornado, flood,
volcanic eruption
and war destroy
man's works, and
dwarf his power
to insignificance.
Despite all the
devices that man
can contrive to
harness natural
forces, the skill
and ingenuity
that he displays
in rearing great
buildings, inventing
intricate machines
that almost shame
nature, and
accomplishing on *
every hand near
miracles of science . . .
Wm
Despite all this—
earthquake, fire,
tornado, flood,
volcanic eruption
and war destroy
man's works, and
dwarf his power
to insignificance.
Despite all the
devices that man
can contrive to
harness natural
forces, the skill
and ingenuity
that he displays
in rearing great
buildings, inventing
intricate machines
that almost shame
nature, and
accomplishing on *
every hand near
miracles of science . . .
Wm
Despite all this—
earthquake, fire,
tornado, flood,
volcanic eruption
and war destroy
man's works, and
dwarf his power
to insignificance.
Despite all the
devices that man
can contrive to
harness natural
forces, the skill
and ingenuity
that he displays
in rearing great
buildings, inventing
intricate machines
that almost shame
nature, and
accomplishing on *
every hand near
miracles of science . . .
Wm
Despite all this—
earthquake, fire,
tornado, flood,
volcanic eruption
and war destroy
man's works, and
dwarf his power
to insignificance.
Despite all the
devices that man
can contrive to
harness natural
forces, the skill
and ingenuity
that he displays
in rearing great
buildings, inventing
intricate machines
that almost shame
nature, and
accomplishing on *
every hand near
miracles of science . . .
Wm
Despite all this—
earthquake, fire,
tornado, flood,
volcanic eruption
and war destroy
man's works, and
dwarf his power
to insignificance.
Despite all the
devices that man
can contrive to
harness natural
forces, the skill
and ingenuity
that he displays
in rearing great
buildings, inventing
intricate machines
that almost shame
nature, and
accomplishing on *
every hand near
miracles of science . . .
Wm
Despite all this—
earthquake, fire,
tornado, flood,
volcanic eruption
and war destroy
man's works, and
dwarf his power
to insignificance.
Despite all the
devices that man
can contrive to
harness natural
forces, the skill
and ingenuity
that he displays
in rearing great
buildings, inventing
intricate machines
that almost shame
nature, and
accomplishing on *
every hand near
miracles of science . . .
Wm
Despite all this—
earthquake, fire,
tornado, flood,
volcanic eruption
and war destroy
man's works, and
dwarf his power
to insignificance.
Despite all the
devices that man
can contrive to
harness natural
forces, the skill
and ingenuity
that he displays
in rearing great
buildings, inventing
intricate machines
that almost shame
nature, and
accomplishing on *
every hand near
miracles of science . . .
Wm
Despite all this—
earthquake, fire,
tornado, flood,
volcanic eruption
and war destroy
man's works, and
dwarf his power
to insignificance.
Despite all the
devices that man
can contrive to
harness natural
forces, the skill
and ingenuity
that he displays
in rearing great
buildings, inventing
intricate machines
that almost shame
nature, and
accomplishing on *
every hand near
miracles of science . . .
Wm
Despite all this—
earthquake, fire,
tornado, flood,
volcanic eruption
and war destroy
man's works, and
dwarf his power
to insignificance.
