# English Club Meets.
## 
### 
Last night a meeting of the
English Club was held at the
Kappa Alpha Theta house. The
company was entertained by Mr.
Cook of the English department
with an account of his experience
in writing a play with a couple of
associates.
Miss Barbara Hitt, '05, was
elected a member of the executive
committee to fill the vacancy
caused by the resignation of R. J.
Sterrett, '02.
President Bonnell appointed the
following committees to supervise
the arrangements for the presenta
tion of the old English play "The
Knight of the Burning Pestle":
Messrs. H. P. Earle, chairman, H.
R. Johnson, '03, Prof.R.M.Alden,R.
O. Hadley, '03, Miss Kimball, '04.
Last night a meeting of the
English Club was held at the
Kappa Alpha Theta house. The
company was entertained by Mr.
Cook of the English department
with an account of his experience
in writing a play with a couple of
associates.
Miss Barbara Hitt, '05, was
elected a member of the executive
committee to fill the vacancy
caused by the resignation of R. J.
Sterrett, '02.
President Bonnell appointed the
following committees to supervise
the arrangements for the presenta
tion of the old English play "The
Knight of the Burning Pestle":
Messrs. H. P. Earle, chairman, H.
R. Johnson, '03, Prof.R.M.Alden,R.
O. Hadley, '03, Miss Kimball, '04.
Last night a meeting of the
English Club was held at the
Kappa Alpha Theta house. The
company was entertained by Mr.
Cook of the English department
with an account of his experience
in writing a play with a couple of
associates.
Miss Barbara Hitt, '05, was
elected a member of the executive
committee to fill the vacancy
caused by the resignation of R. J.
Sterrett, '02.
President Bonnell appointed the
following committees to supervise
the arrangements for the presenta
tion of the old English play "The
Knight of the Burning Pestle":
Messrs. H. P. Earle, chairman, H.
R. Johnson, '03, Prof.R.M.Alden,R.
O. Hadley, '03, Miss Kimball, '04.
Last night a meeting of the
English Club was held at the
Kappa Alpha Theta house. The
company was entertained by Mr.
Cook of the English department
with an account of his experience
in writing a play with a couple of
associates.
Miss Barbara Hitt, '05, was
elected a member of the executive
committee to fill the vacancy
caused by the resignation of R. J.
Sterrett, '02.
President Bonnell appointed the
following committees to supervise
the arrangements for the presenta
tion of the old English play "The
Knight of the Burning Pestle":
Messrs. H. P. Earle, chairman, H.
R. Johnson, '03, Prof.R.M.Alden,R.
O. Hadley, '03, Miss Kimball, '04.
Last night a meeting of the
English Club was held at the
Kappa Alpha Theta house. The
company was entertained by Mr.
Cook of the English department
with an account of his experience
in writing a play with a couple of
associates.
Miss Barbara Hitt, '05, was
elected a member of the executive
committee to fill the vacancy
caused by the resignation of R. J.
Sterrett, '02.
President Bonnell appointed the
following committees to supervise
the arrangements for the presenta
tion of the old English play "The
Knight of the Burning Pestle":
Messrs. H. P. Earle, chairman, H.
R. Johnson, '03, Prof.R.M.Alden,R.
O. Hadley, '03, Miss Kimball, '04.
Last night a meeting of the
English Club was held at the
Kappa Alpha Theta house. The
company was entertained by Mr.
Cook of the English department
with an account of his experience
in writing a play with a couple of
associates.
Miss Barbara Hitt, '05, was
elected a member of the executive
committee to fill the vacancy
caused by the resignation of R. J.
Sterrett, '02.
President Bonnell appointed the
following committees to supervise
the arrangements for the presenta
tion of the old English play "The
Knight of the Burning Pestle":
Messrs. H. P. Earle, chairman, H.
R. Johnson, '03, Prof.R.M.Alden,R.
O. Hadley, '03, Miss Kimball, '04.
Last night a meeting of the
English Club was held at the
Kappa Alpha Theta house. The
company was entertained by Mr.
Cook of the English department
with an account of his experience
in writing a play with a couple of
associates.
Miss Barbara Hitt, '05, was
elected a member of the executive
committee to fill the vacancy
caused by the resignation of R. J.
Sterrett, '02.
President Bonnell appointed the
following committees to supervise
the arrangements for the presenta
tion of the old English play "The
Knight of the Burning Pestle":
Messrs. H. P. Earle, chairman, H.
R. Johnson, '03, Prof.R.M.Alden,R.
O. Hadley, '03, Miss Kimball, '04.
Last night a meeting of the
English Club was held at the
Kappa Alpha Theta house. The
company was entertained by Mr.
Cook of the English department
with an account of his experience
in writing a play with a couple of
associates.
Miss Barbara Hitt, '05, was
elected a member of the executive
committee to fill the vacancy
caused by the resignation of R. J.
Sterrett, '02.
President Bonnell appointed the
following committees to supervise
the arrangements for the presenta
tion of the old English play "The
Knight of the Burning Pestle":
Messrs. H. P. Earle, chairman, H.
R. Johnson, '03, Prof.R.M.Alden,R.
O. Hadley, '03, Miss Kimball, '04.
