# Freshman Debating Squads.
## 
### 
The committee appointed by
Freshman President Howard to ar
range for the annual debate with
the Sophomores met yesterday, and
an a result of drawing the prelim
inary debating teams will be com
posed of the following men: First
squad—affirmative: H. F. Lovell,
J. H. Alvord, It. L. Milliken; neg
gative: C. A. Beardsley, McElroy,
W. 0. Clark. Second squad—af
firmative: .T. Nibley, G. G. Altnow,
W. A. Piixton; negative: J. J. Hay
ward, E. R. May, H. P. Bittner.
Third squad — affirmative: li. E.
Hoover, E. D. Carothers, C. H.
Purcell; negative: J. L. Maloy, R.
H. Lutz. Fourth squad—J. E.
Campbell, C. B. Osl)orne, P. B.
Smith, E. R. Howard, E. V. Hen
ley, 1). 1). Sales.
The men on the different squads
are requested by the committee to
meet and choose their subjects im
mediately.
