# COMMITTEE SETS TIME OF SPORT RALLY AHEAD
## 
### 
Time of the annual spring rally to
be held at the Lagunita bandstand has
been moved ahead from 7:30 to 7
o'clock Thursday evening, the Rally
Committee announced yesterday. The
change was made because the former
time conflicted with the Joffre debate,
which will start at 8 o'clock Thursday
evening.
This rally will be the only one this
quarter and will be held for the three
remaining major sports, track, base
ball, and tennis. The squads of these
sports will be on the bandstand, and
speeches will be given by their cap
tains and coaches. An outside speaker
will also be secured.
Musical entertainment will be fur
nished by the Brooks-Worthington
orchestra. A lighting system will be
installed to help out the full moon
that may be shining that night. The
Rally Committee is sparing no effort
to make this the best Spring Rally
ever held in regard to entertainment
and speeches.
Time of the annual spring rally to
be held at the Lagunita bandstand has
been moved ahead from 7:30 to 7
o'clock Thursday evening, the Rally
Committee announced yesterday. The
change was made because the former
time conflicted with the Joffre debate,
which will start at 8 o'clock Thursday
evening.
This rally will be the only one this
quarter and will be held for the three
remaining major sports, track, base
ball, and tennis. The squads of these
sports will be on the bandstand, and
speeches will be given by their cap
tains and coaches. An outside speaker
will also be secured.
Musical entertainment will be fur
nished by the Brooks-Worthington
orchestra. A lighting system will be
installed to help out the full moon
that may be shining that night. The
Rally Committee is sparing no effort
to make this the best Spring Rally
ever held in regard to entertainment
and speeches.
Time of the annual spring rally to
be held at the Lagunita bandstand has
been moved ahead from 7:30 to 7
o'clock Thursday evening, the Rally
Committee announced yesterday. The
change was made because the former
time conflicted with the Joffre debate,
which will start at 8 o'clock Thursday
evening.
This rally will be the only one this
quarter and will be held for the three
remaining major sports, track, base
ball, and tennis. The squads of these
sports will be on the bandstand, and
speeches will be given by their cap
tains and coaches. An outside speaker
will also be secured.
Musical entertainment will be fur
nished by the Brooks-Worthington
orchestra. A lighting system will be
installed to help out the full moon
that may be shining that night. The
Rally Committee is sparing no effort
to make this the best Spring Rally
ever held in regard to entertainment
and speeches.
Time of the annual spring rally to
be held at the Lagunita bandstand has
been moved ahead from 7:30 to 7
o'clock Thursday evening, the Rally
Committee announced yesterday. The
change was made because the former
time conflicted with the Joffre debate,
which will start at 8 o'clock Thursday
evening.
This rally will be the only one this
quarter and will be held for the three
remaining major sports, track, base
ball, and tennis. The squads of these
sports will be on the bandstand, and
speeches will be given by their cap
tains and coaches. An outside speaker
will also be secured.
Musical entertainment will be fur
nished by the Brooks-Worthington
orchestra. A lighting system will be
installed to help out the full moon
that may be shining that night. The
Rally Committee is sparing no effort
to make this the best Spring Rally
ever held in regard to entertainment
and speeches.
Time of the annual spring rally to
be held at the Lagunita bandstand has
been moved ahead from 7:30 to 7
o'clock Thursday evening, the Rally
Committee announced yesterday. The
change was made because the former
time conflicted with the Joffre debate,
which will start at 8 o'clock Thursday
evening.
This rally will be the only one this
quarter and will be held for the three
remaining major sports, track, base
ball, and tennis. The squads of these
sports will be on the bandstand, and
speeches will be given by their cap
tains and coaches. An outside speaker
will also be secured.
Musical entertainment will be fur
nished by the Brooks-Worthington
orchestra. A lighting system will be
installed to help out the full moon
that may be shining that night. The
Rally Committee is sparing no effort
to make this the best Spring Rally
ever held in regard to entertainment
and speeches.
Time of the annual spring rally to
be held at the Lagunita bandstand has
been moved ahead from 7:30 to 7
o'clock Thursday evening, the Rally
Committee announced yesterday. The
change was made because the former
time conflicted with the Joffre debate,
which will start at 8 o'clock Thursday
evening.
This rally will be the only one this
quarter and will be held for the three
remaining major sports, track, base
ball, and tennis. The squads of these
sports will be on the bandstand, and
speeches will be given by their cap
tains and coaches. An outside speaker
will also be secured.
Musical entertainment will be fur
nished by the Brooks-Worthington
orchestra. A lighting system will be
installed to help out the full moon
that may be shining that night. The
Rally Committee is sparing no effort
to make this the best Spring Rally
ever held in regard to entertainment
and speeches.
Time of the annual spring rally to
be held at the Lagunita bandstand has
been moved ahead from 7:30 to 7
o'clock Thursday evening, the Rally
Committee announced yesterday. The
change was made because the former
time conflicted with the Joffre debate,
which will start at 8 o'clock Thursday
evening.
This rally will be the only one this
quarter and will be held for the three
remaining major sports, track, base
ball, and tennis. The squads of these
sports will be on the bandstand, and
speeches will be given by their cap
tains and coaches. An outside speaker
will also be secured.
Musical entertainment will be fur
nished by the Brooks-Worthington
orchestra. A lighting system will be
installed to help out the full moon
that may be shining that night. The
Rally Committee is sparing no effort
to make this the best Spring Rally
ever held in regard to entertainment
and speeches.
Time of the annual spring rally to
be held at the Lagunita bandstand has
been moved ahead from 7:30 to 7
o'clock Thursday evening, the Rally
Committee announced yesterday. The
change was made because the former
time conflicted with the Joffre debate,
which will start at 8 o'clock Thursday
evening.
This rally will be the only one this
quarter and will be held for the three
remaining major sports, track, base
ball, and tennis. The squads of these
sports will be on the bandstand, and
speeches will be given by their cap
tains and coaches. An outside speaker
will also be secured.
Musical entertainment will be fur
nished by the Brooks-Worthington
orchestra. A lighting system will be
installed to help out the full moon
that may be shining that night. The
Rally Committee is sparing no effort
to make this the best Spring Rally
ever held in regard to entertainment
and speeches.
Time of the annual spring rally to
be held at the Lagunita bandstand has
been moved ahead from 7:30 to 7
o'clock Thursday evening, the Rally
Committee announced yesterday. The
change was made because the former
time conflicted with the Joffre debate,
which will start at 8 o'clock Thursday
evening.
This rally will be the only one this
quarter and will be held for the three
remaining major sports, track, base
ball, and tennis. The squads of these
sports will be on the bandstand, and
speeches will be given by their cap
tains and coaches. An outside speaker
will also be secured.
Musical entertainment will be fur
nished by the Brooks-Worthington
orchestra. A lighting system will be
installed to help out the full moon
that may be shining that night. The
Rally Committee is sparing no effort
to make this the best Spring Rally
ever held in regard to entertainment
and speeches.
Time of the annual spring rally to
be held at the Lagunita bandstand has
been moved ahead from 7:30 to 7
o'clock Thursday evening, the Rally
Committee announced yesterday. The
change was made because the former
time conflicted with the Joffre debate,
which will start at 8 o'clock Thursday
evening.
This rally will be the only one this
quarter and will be held for the three
remaining major sports, track, base
ball, and tennis. The squads of these
sports will be on the bandstand, and
speeches will be given by their cap
tains and coaches. An outside speaker
will also be secured.
Musical entertainment will be fur
nished by the Brooks-Worthington
orchestra. A lighting system will be
installed to help out the full moon
that may be shining that night. The
Rally Committee is sparing no effort
to make this the best Spring Rally
ever held in regard to entertainment
and speeches.
Time of the annual spring rally to
be held at the Lagunita bandstand has
been moved ahead from 7:30 to 7
o'clock Thursday evening, the Rally
Committee announced yesterday. The
change was made because the former
time conflicted with the Joffre debate,
which will start at 8 o'clock Thursday
evening.
This rally will be the only one this
quarter and will be held for the three
remaining major sports, track, base
ball, and tennis. The squads of these
sports will be on the bandstand, and
speeches will be given by their cap
tains and coaches. An outside speaker
will also be secured.
Musical entertainment will be fur
nished by the Brooks-Worthington
orchestra. A lighting system will be
installed to help out the full moon
that may be shining that night. The
Rally Committee is sparing no effort
to make this the best Spring Rally
ever held in regard to entertainment
and speeches.
Time of the annual spring rally to
be held at the Lagunita bandstand has
been moved ahead from 7:30 to 7
o'clock Thursday evening, the Rally
Committee announced yesterday. The
change was made because the former
time conflicted with the Joffre debate,
which will start at 8 o'clock Thursday
evening.
This rally will be the only one this
quarter and will be held for the three
remaining major sports, track, base
ball, and tennis. The squads of these
sports will be on the bandstand, and
speeches will be given by their cap
tains and coaches. An outside speaker
will also be secured.
Musical entertainment will be fur
nished by the Brooks-Worthington
orchestra. A lighting system will be
installed to help out the full moon
that may be shining that night. The
Rally Committee is sparing no effort
to make this the best Spring Rally
ever held in regard to entertainment
and speeches.
Time of the annual spring rally to
be held at the Lagunita bandstand has
been moved ahead from 7:30 to 7
o'clock Thursday evening, the Rally
Committee announced yesterday. The
change was made because the former
time conflicted with the Joffre debate,
which will start at 8 o'clock Thursday
evening.
This rally will be the only one this
quarter and will be held for the three
remaining major sports, track, base
ball, and tennis. The squads of these
sports will be on the bandstand, and
speeches will be given by their cap
tains and coaches. An outside speaker
will also be secured.
Musical entertainment will be fur
nished by the Brooks-Worthington
orchestra. A lighting system will be
installed to help out the full moon
that may be shining that night. The
Rally Committee is sparing no effort
to make this the best Spring Rally
ever held in regard to entertainment
and speeches.
Time of the annual spring rally to
be held at the Lagunita bandstand has
been moved ahead from 7:30 to 7
o'clock Thursday evening, the Rally
Committee announced yesterday. The
change was made because the former
time conflicted with the Joffre debate,
which will start at 8 o'clock Thursday
evening.
This rally will be the only one this
quarter and will be held for the three
remaining major sports, track, base
ball, and tennis. The squads of these
sports will be on the bandstand, and
speeches will be given by their cap
tains and coaches. An outside speaker
will also be secured.
Musical entertainment will be fur
nished by the Brooks-Worthington
orchestra. A lighting system will be
installed to help out the full moon
that may be shining that night. The
Rally Committee is sparing no effort
to make this the best Spring Rally
ever held in regard to entertainment
and speeches.
Time of the annual spring rally to
be held at the Lagunita bandstand has
been moved ahead from 7:30 to 7
o'clock Thursday evening, the Rally
Committee announced yesterday. The
change was made because the former
time conflicted with the Joffre debate,
which will start at 8 o'clock Thursday
evening.
This rally will be the only one this
quarter and will be held for the three
remaining major sports, track, base
ball, and tennis. The squads of these
sports will be on the bandstand, and
speeches will be given by their cap
tains and coaches. An outside speaker
will also be secured.
Musical entertainment will be fur
nished by the Brooks-Worthington
orchestra. A lighting system will be
installed to help out the full moon
that may be shining that night. The
Rally Committee is sparing no effort
to make this the best Spring Rally
ever held in regard to entertainment
and speeches.
