# SORORITY RUSH PERIOD OVER; PLEDGING TODAY
## 
### 
Culminating a two weeks' period of
rushing, pledging of freshman women
and transfers will take place some
time today.
Plorll'!"." v'll bp
the lawyer system in Roble Hall, when
the women will be called separately
before an impartial official and will
make their choices of sororities. The
time of pledging has been kept secret,
but immediately after it has been com
pleted the women will be taken in
cars to their respective houses.
Culminating a two weeks' period of
rushing, pledging of freshman women
and transfers will take place some
time today.
Plorll'!"." v'll bp
the lawyer system in Roble Hall, when
the women will be called separately
before an impartial official and will
make their choices of sororities. The
time of pledging has been kept secret,
but immediately after it has been com
pleted the women will be taken in
cars to their respective houses.
Culminating a two weeks' period of
rushing, pledging of freshman women
and transfers will take place some
time today.
Plorll'!"." v'll bp
the lawyer system in Roble Hall, when
the women will be called separately
before an impartial official and will
make their choices of sororities. The
time of pledging has been kept secret,
but immediately after it has been com
pleted the women will be taken in
cars to their respective houses.
Culminating a two weeks' period of
rushing, pledging of freshman women
and transfers will take place some
time today.
Plorll'!"." v'll bp
the lawyer system in Roble Hall, when
the women will be called separately
before an impartial official and will
make their choices of sororities. The
time of pledging has been kept secret,
but immediately after it has been com
pleted the women will be taken in
cars to their respective houses.
Culminating a two weeks' period of
rushing, pledging of freshman women
and transfers will take place some
time today.
Plorll'!"." v'll bp
the lawyer system in Roble Hall, when
the women will be called separately
before an impartial official and will
make their choices of sororities. The
time of pledging has been kept secret,
but immediately after it has been com
pleted the women will be taken in
cars to their respective houses.
Culminating a two weeks' period of
rushing, pledging of freshman women
and transfers will take place some
time today.
Plorll'!"." v'll bp
the lawyer system in Roble Hall, when
the women will be called separately
before an impartial official and will
make their choices of sororities. The
time of pledging has been kept secret,
but immediately after it has been com
pleted the women will be taken in
cars to their respective houses.
Culminating a two weeks' period of
rushing, pledging of freshman women
and transfers will take place some
time today.
Plorll'!"." v'll bp
the lawyer system in Roble Hall, when
the women will be called separately
before an impartial official and will
make their choices of sororities. The
time of pledging has been kept secret,
but immediately after it has been com
pleted the women will be taken in
cars to their respective houses.
Culminating a two weeks' period of
rushing, pledging of freshman women
and transfers will take place some
time today.
Plorll'!"." v'll bp
the lawyer system in Roble Hall, when
the women will be called separately
before an impartial official and will
make their choices of sororities. The
time of pledging has been kept secret,
but immediately after it has been com
pleted the women will be taken in
cars to their respective houses.
Culminating a two weeks' period of
rushing, pledging of freshman women
and transfers will take place some
time today.
Plorll'!"." v'll bp
the lawyer system in Roble Hall, when
the women will be called separately
before an impartial official and will
make their choices of sororities. The
time of pledging has been kept secret,
but immediately after it has been com
pleted the women will be taken in
cars to their respective houses.
Culminating a two weeks' period of
rushing, pledging of freshman women
and transfers will take place some
time today.
Plorll'!"." v'll bp
the lawyer system in Roble Hall, when
the women will be called separately
before an impartial official and will
make their choices of sororities. The
time of pledging has been kept secret,
but immediately after it has been com
pleted the women will be taken in
cars to their respective houses.
Culminating a two weeks' period of
rushing, pledging of freshman women
and transfers will take place some
time today.
Plorll'!"." v'll bp
the lawyer system in Roble Hall, when
the women will be called separately
before an impartial official and will
make their choices of sororities. The
time of pledging has been kept secret,
but immediately after it has been com
pleted the women will be taken in
cars to their respective houses.
Culminating a two weeks' period of
rushing, pledging of freshman women
and transfers will take place some
time today.
Plorll'!"." v'll bp
the lawyer system in Roble Hall, when
the women will be called separately
before an impartial official and will
make their choices of sororities. The
time of pledging has been kept secret,
but immediately after it has been com
pleted the women will be taken in
cars to their respective houses.
Culminating a two weeks' period of
rushing, pledging of freshman women
and transfers will take place some
time today.
Plorll'!"." v'll bp
the lawyer system in Roble Hall, when
the women will be called separately
before an impartial official and will
make their choices of sororities. The
time of pledging has been kept secret,
but immediately after it has been com
pleted the women will be taken in
cars to their respective houses.
Culminating a two weeks' period of
rushing, pledging of freshman women
and transfers will take place some
time today.
Plorll'!"." v'll bp
the lawyer system in Roble Hall, when
the women will be called separately
before an impartial official and will
make their choices of sororities. The
time of pledging has been kept secret,
but immediately after it has been com
pleted the women will be taken in
cars to their respective houses.
Culminating a two weeks' period of
rushing, pledging of freshman women
and transfers will take place some
time today.
Plorll'!"." v'll bp
the lawyer system in Roble Hall, when
the women will be called separately
before an impartial official and will
make their choices of sororities. The
time of pledging has been kept secret,
but immediately after it has been com
pleted the women will be taken in
cars to their respective houses.
