# MASTERS PERMITS SECOND SALE OF ROOTERSâ€™ TICKETS
## 
### 
Rooteri.' tickets for the Big
Meet Saturday, and for the Stan
ford-California baseball game on
the same afternoon, will go on
sale at the Associated Students
office in the Old Union from 1 to
5 o'clock Thursday afternoon,
announced Graduate Manager A1
Masters yesterday in reconsider
ing his decision of last week.
Only general admission tickets
will be sold at the stadium on the
day of the meet, Masters states.
Those who have not already se
cured their U.S.C. meet tickets
for April 23 may also get them
this week or next.
Prices for the rooters' tickets
as as follows: Big Meet, $1; base
ball game, 35c; U.S.C. track meet,
50c.
