# Cosmopolitan Club Plans First Meeting of Quarter
## 
### 
Members of the Cosmopolitan Club
will meet at 7:30 o'clock tonight in
the Women's Clubhouse for a social
program and a short business meet
ing.
Members of the Cosmopolitan Club
will meet at 7:30 o'clock tonight in
the Women's Clubhouse for a social
program and a short business meet
ing.
Members of the Cosmopolitan Club
will meet at 7:30 o'clock tonight in
the Women's Clubhouse for a social
program and a short business meet
ing.
Members of the Cosmopolitan Club
will meet at 7:30 o'clock tonight in
the Women's Clubhouse for a social
program and a short business meet
ing.
Members of the Cosmopolitan Club
will meet at 7:30 o'clock tonight in
the Women's Clubhouse for a social
program and a short business meet
ing.
Members of the Cosmopolitan Club
will meet at 7:30 o'clock tonight in
the Women's Clubhouse for a social
program and a short business meet
ing.
Members of the Cosmopolitan Club
will meet at 7:30 o'clock tonight in
the Women's Clubhouse for a social
program and a short business meet
ing.
Members of the Cosmopolitan Club
will meet at 7:30 o'clock tonight in
the Women's Clubhouse for a social
program and a short business meet
ing.
Members of the Cosmopolitan Club
will meet at 7:30 o'clock tonight in
the Women's Clubhouse for a social
program and a short business meet
ing.
Members of the Cosmopolitan Club
will meet at 7:30 o'clock tonight in
the Women's Clubhouse for a social
program and a short business meet
ing.
Members of the Cosmopolitan Club
will meet at 7:30 o'clock tonight in
the Women's Clubhouse for a social
program and a short business meet
ing.
Members of the Cosmopolitan Club
will meet at 7:30 o'clock tonight in
the Women's Clubhouse for a social
program and a short business meet
ing.
Members of the Cosmopolitan Club
will meet at 7:30 o'clock tonight in
the Women's Clubhouse for a social
program and a short business meet
ing.
Members of the Cosmopolitan Club
will meet at 7:30 o'clock tonight in
the Women's Clubhouse for a social
program and a short business meet
ing.
Members of the Cosmopolitan Club
will meet at 7:30 o'clock tonight in
the Women's Clubhouse for a social
program and a short business meet
ing.
