# Untitled Article
## 
### 

CONSTRUCTION of the new Palo Alto underpass necessitates the erection of a new depot, so the old land
mark is being demolished. Top is the sketch of the new depot to be constructed west of the present loca
tion. Below, skeleton of the depot is last to be torn down.

CONSTRUCTION of the new Palo Alto underpass necessitates the erection of a new depot, so the old land
mark is being demolished. Top is the sketch of the new depot to be constructed west of the present loca
tion. Below, skeleton of the depot is last to be torn down.

CONSTRUCTION of the new Palo Alto underpass necessitates the erection of a new depot, so the old land
mark is being demolished. Top is the sketch of the new depot to be constructed west of the present loca
tion. Below, skeleton of the depot is last to be torn down.

CONSTRUCTION of the new Palo Alto underpass necessitates the erection of a new depot, so the old land
mark is being demolished. Top is the sketch of the new depot to be constructed west of the present loca
tion. Below, skeleton of the depot is last to be torn down.

CONSTRUCTION of the new Palo Alto underpass necessitates the erection of a new depot, so the old land
mark is being demolished. Top is the sketch of the new depot to be constructed west of the present loca
tion. Below, skeleton of the depot is last to be torn down.

CONSTRUCTION of the new Palo Alto underpass necessitates the erection of a new depot, so the old land
mark is being demolished. Top is the sketch of the new depot to be constructed west of the present loca
tion. Below, skeleton of the depot is last to be torn down.

CONSTRUCTION of the new Palo Alto underpass necessitates the erection of a new depot, so the old land
mark is being demolished. Top is the sketch of the new depot to be constructed west of the present loca
tion. Below, skeleton of the depot is last to be torn down.

CONSTRUCTION of the new Palo Alto underpass necessitates the erection of a new depot, so the old land
mark is being demolished. Top is the sketch of the new depot to be constructed west of the present loca
tion. Below, skeleton of the depot is last to be torn down.

CONSTRUCTION of the new Palo Alto underpass necessitates the erection of a new depot, so the old land
mark is being demolished. Top is the sketch of the new depot to be constructed west of the present loca
tion. Below, skeleton of the depot is last to be torn down.

CONSTRUCTION of the new Palo Alto underpass necessitates the erection of a new depot, so the old land
mark is being demolished. Top is the sketch of the new depot to be constructed west of the present loca
tion. Below, skeleton of the depot is last to be torn down.

CONSTRUCTION of the new Palo Alto underpass necessitates the erection of a new depot, so the old land
mark is being demolished. Top is the sketch of the new depot to be constructed west of the present loca
tion. Below, skeleton of the depot is last to be torn down.

CONSTRUCTION of the new Palo Alto underpass necessitates the erection of a new depot, so the old land
mark is being demolished. Top is the sketch of the new depot to be constructed west of the present loca
tion. Below, skeleton of the depot is last to be torn down.

CONSTRUCTION of the new Palo Alto underpass necessitates the erection of a new depot, so the old land
mark is being demolished. Top is the sketch of the new depot to be constructed west of the present loca
tion. Below, skeleton of the depot is last to be torn down.

CONSTRUCTION of the new Palo Alto underpass necessitates the erection of a new depot, so the old land
mark is being demolished. Top is the sketch of the new depot to be constructed west of the present loca
tion. Below, skeleton of the depot is last to be torn down.

CONSTRUCTION of the new Palo Alto underpass necessitates the erection of a new depot, so the old land
mark is being demolished. Top is the sketch of the new depot to be constructed west of the present loca
tion. Below, skeleton of the depot is last to be torn down.

CONSTRUCTION of the new Palo Alto underpass necessitates the erection of a new depot, so the old land
mark is being demolished. Top is the sketch of the new depot to be constructed west of the present loca
tion. Below, skeleton of the depot is last to be torn down.

CONSTRUCTION of the new Palo Alto underpass necessitates the erection of a new depot, so the old land
mark is being demolished. Top is the sketch of the new depot to be constructed west of the present loca
tion. Below, skeleton of the depot is last to be torn down.
