# Pre-Meds to Hear Barnett Tonight
## 
### 
Dr. Charles W. Barneft of the Stan
ford School of Medicine will address
the Pro-Mod Society and the public
at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house tonight. The subject of his
talk will be syphilis and its treat
ment.
Dr. Barnett, who was selected by
the United States Department of
Health to take charge of the govern
ment survey of syphilis on the Pa
cific Coast last year, will describe
the disease, as well as tell of its
treatment.
Dr. Charles W. Barneft of the Stan
ford School of Medicine will address
the Pro-Mod Society and the public
at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house tonight. The subject of his
talk will be syphilis and its treat
ment.
Dr. Barnett, who was selected by
the United States Department of
Health to take charge of the govern
ment survey of syphilis on the Pa
cific Coast last year, will describe
the disease, as well as tell of its
treatment.
Dr. Charles W. Barneft of the Stan
ford School of Medicine will address
the Pro-Mod Society and the public
at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house tonight. The subject of his
talk will be syphilis and its treat
ment.
Dr. Barnett, who was selected by
the United States Department of
Health to take charge of the govern
ment survey of syphilis on the Pa
cific Coast last year, will describe
the disease, as well as tell of its
treatment.
Dr. Charles W. Barneft of the Stan
ford School of Medicine will address
the Pro-Mod Society and the public
at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house tonight. The subject of his
talk will be syphilis and its treat
ment.
Dr. Barnett, who was selected by
the United States Department of
Health to take charge of the govern
ment survey of syphilis on the Pa
cific Coast last year, will describe
the disease, as well as tell of its
treatment.
Dr. Charles W. Barneft of the Stan
ford School of Medicine will address
the Pro-Mod Society and the public
at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house tonight. The subject of his
talk will be syphilis and its treat
ment.
Dr. Barnett, who was selected by
the United States Department of
Health to take charge of the govern
ment survey of syphilis on the Pa
cific Coast last year, will describe
the disease, as well as tell of its
treatment.
Dr. Charles W. Barneft of the Stan
ford School of Medicine will address
the Pro-Mod Society and the public
at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house tonight. The subject of his
talk will be syphilis and its treat
ment.
Dr. Barnett, who was selected by
the United States Department of
Health to take charge of the govern
ment survey of syphilis on the Pa
cific Coast last year, will describe
the disease, as well as tell of its
treatment.
Dr. Charles W. Barneft of the Stan
ford School of Medicine will address
the Pro-Mod Society and the public
at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house tonight. The subject of his
talk will be syphilis and its treat
ment.
Dr. Barnett, who was selected by
the United States Department of
Health to take charge of the govern
ment survey of syphilis on the Pa
cific Coast last year, will describe
the disease, as well as tell of its
treatment.
Dr. Charles W. Barneft of the Stan
ford School of Medicine will address
the Pro-Mod Society and the public
at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house tonight. The subject of his
talk will be syphilis and its treat
ment.
Dr. Barnett, who was selected by
the United States Department of
Health to take charge of the govern
ment survey of syphilis on the Pa
cific Coast last year, will describe
the disease, as well as tell of its
treatment.
Dr. Charles W. Barneft of the Stan
ford School of Medicine will address
the Pro-Mod Society and the public
at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house tonight. The subject of his
talk will be syphilis and its treat
ment.
Dr. Barnett, who was selected by
the United States Department of
Health to take charge of the govern
ment survey of syphilis on the Pa
cific Coast last year, will describe
the disease, as well as tell of its
treatment.
Dr. Charles W. Barneft of the Stan
ford School of Medicine will address
the Pro-Mod Society and the public
at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house tonight. The subject of his
talk will be syphilis and its treat
ment.
Dr. Barnett, who was selected by
the United States Department of
Health to take charge of the govern
ment survey of syphilis on the Pa
cific Coast last year, will describe
the disease, as well as tell of its
treatment.
Dr. Charles W. Barneft of the Stan
ford School of Medicine will address
the Pro-Mod Society and the public
at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house tonight. The subject of his
talk will be syphilis and its treat
ment.
Dr. Barnett, who was selected by
the United States Department of
Health to take charge of the govern
ment survey of syphilis on the Pa
cific Coast last year, will describe
the disease, as well as tell of its
treatment.
Dr. Charles W. Barneft of the Stan
ford School of Medicine will address
the Pro-Mod Society and the public
at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house tonight. The subject of his
talk will be syphilis and its treat
ment.
Dr. Barnett, who was selected by
the United States Department of
Health to take charge of the govern
ment survey of syphilis on the Pa
cific Coast last year, will describe
the disease, as well as tell of its
treatment.
Dr. Charles W. Barneft of the Stan
ford School of Medicine will address
the Pro-Mod Society and the public
at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house tonight. The subject of his
talk will be syphilis and its treat
ment.
Dr. Barnett, who was selected by
the United States Department of
Health to take charge of the govern
ment survey of syphilis on the Pa
cific Coast last year, will describe
the disease, as well as tell of its
treatment.
Dr. Charles W. Barneft of the Stan
ford School of Medicine will address
the Pro-Mod Society and the public
at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house tonight. The subject of his
talk will be syphilis and its treat
ment.
Dr. Barnett, who was selected by
the United States Department of
Health to take charge of the govern
ment survey of syphilis on the Pa
cific Coast last year, will describe
the disease, as well as tell of its
treatment.
Dr. Charles W. Barneft of the Stan
ford School of Medicine will address
the Pro-Mod Society and the public
at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house tonight. The subject of his
talk will be syphilis and its treat
ment.
Dr. Barnett, who was selected by
the United States Department of
Health to take charge of the govern
ment survey of syphilis on the Pa
cific Coast last year, will describe
the disease, as well as tell of its
treatment.
Dr. Charles W. Barneft of the Stan
ford School of Medicine will address
the Pro-Mod Society and the public
at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house tonight. The subject of his
talk will be syphilis and its treat
ment.
Dr. Barnett, who was selected by
the United States Department of
Health to take charge of the govern
ment survey of syphilis on the Pa
cific Coast last year, will describe
the disease, as well as tell of its
treatment.
Dr. Charles W. Barneft of the Stan
ford School of Medicine will address
the Pro-Mod Society and the public
at 7:30 o'clock in the Women's Club
house tonight. The subject of his
talk will be syphilis and its treat
ment.
Dr. Barnett, who was selected by
the United States Department of
Health to take charge of the govern
ment survey of syphilis on the Pa
cific Coast last year, will describe
the disease, as well as tell of its
treatment.
