# ITALIANS LOSE UN ERITREA
## 
### 

FIGHTING ON ONE of the most difficult terrains in (he world, ISrit
ish African troops drive Italians from Eritrea and take hundreds of
prisoners, a few of which are shown here. Mules proved extremely
valuable in the rocky hilly country.

FIGHTING ON ONE of the most difficult terrains in (he world, ISrit
ish African troops drive Italians from Eritrea and take hundreds of
prisoners, a few of which are shown here. Mules proved extremely
valuable in the rocky hilly country.

FIGHTING ON ONE of the most difficult terrains in (he world, ISrit
ish African troops drive Italians from Eritrea and take hundreds of
prisoners, a few of which are shown here. Mules proved extremely
valuable in the rocky hilly country.

FIGHTING ON ONE of the most difficult terrains in (he world, ISrit
ish African troops drive Italians from Eritrea and take hundreds of
prisoners, a few of which are shown here. Mules proved extremely
valuable in the rocky hilly country.

FIGHTING ON ONE of the most difficult terrains in (he world, ISrit
ish African troops drive Italians from Eritrea and take hundreds of
prisoners, a few of which are shown here. Mules proved extremely
valuable in the rocky hilly country.

FIGHTING ON ONE of the most difficult terrains in (he world, ISrit
ish African troops drive Italians from Eritrea and take hundreds of
prisoners, a few of which are shown here. Mules proved extremely
valuable in the rocky hilly country.

FIGHTING ON ONE of the most difficult terrains in (he world, ISrit
ish African troops drive Italians from Eritrea and take hundreds of
prisoners, a few of which are shown here. Mules proved extremely
valuable in the rocky hilly country.

FIGHTING ON ONE of the most difficult terrains in (he world, ISrit
ish African troops drive Italians from Eritrea and take hundreds of
prisoners, a few of which are shown here. Mules proved extremely
valuable in the rocky hilly country.

FIGHTING ON ONE of the most difficult terrains in (he world, ISrit
ish African troops drive Italians from Eritrea and take hundreds of
prisoners, a few of which are shown here. Mules proved extremely
valuable in the rocky hilly country.

FIGHTING ON ONE of the most difficult terrains in (he world, ISrit
ish African troops drive Italians from Eritrea and take hundreds of
prisoners, a few of which are shown here. Mules proved extremely
valuable in the rocky hilly country.

FIGHTING ON ONE of the most difficult terrains in (he world, ISrit
ish African troops drive Italians from Eritrea and take hundreds of
prisoners, a few of which are shown here. Mules proved extremely
valuable in the rocky hilly country.

FIGHTING ON ONE of the most difficult terrains in (he world, ISrit
ish African troops drive Italians from Eritrea and take hundreds of
prisoners, a few of which are shown here. Mules proved extremely
valuable in the rocky hilly country.

FIGHTING ON ONE of the most difficult terrains in (he world, ISrit
ish African troops drive Italians from Eritrea and take hundreds of
prisoners, a few of which are shown here. Mules proved extremely
valuable in the rocky hilly country.

FIGHTING ON ONE of the most difficult terrains in (he world, ISrit
ish African troops drive Italians from Eritrea and take hundreds of
prisoners, a few of which are shown here. Mules proved extremely
valuable in the rocky hilly country.

FIGHTING ON ONE of the most difficult terrains in (he world, ISrit
ish African troops drive Italians from Eritrea and take hundreds of
prisoners, a few of which are shown here. Mules proved extremely
valuable in the rocky hilly country.

FIGHTING ON ONE of the most difficult terrains in (he world, ISrit
ish African troops drive Italians from Eritrea and take hundreds of
prisoners, a few of which are shown here. Mules proved extremely
valuable in the rocky hilly country.

FIGHTING ON ONE of the most difficult terrains in (he world, ISrit
ish African troops drive Italians from Eritrea and take hundreds of
prisoners, a few of which are shown here. Mules proved extremely
valuable in the rocky hilly country.

FIGHTING ON ONE of the most difficult terrains in (he world, ISrit
ish African troops drive Italians from Eritrea and take hundreds of
prisoners, a few of which are shown here. Mules proved extremely
valuable in the rocky hilly country.
