# Professor Writes Aviation Textbook
## 
### 
Busy writing a ground school
textbook in aircraft operation and
flight theory for the Civilian Pilot
Training program of the C A A., Dr.
David L. Webster of Stanford is
spending his "vacation" quarter in
Washington, D.C.
Dr. Webster, head of the physics
department and co-ordinator of the
Civilian Pilot Training Program
here, left March 19 in his own plane
and circled the country, visiting
members of his family in Arizona,
New York, and Vermont, and in
Boston, his former home. He will
spend another month in the capital,
returning to Stanford for summer
quarter.
Busy writing a ground school
textbook in aircraft operation and
flight theory for the Civilian Pilot
Training program of the C A A., Dr.
David L. Webster of Stanford is
spending his "vacation" quarter in
Washington, D.C.
Dr. Webster, head of the physics
department and co-ordinator of the
Civilian Pilot Training Program
here, left March 19 in his own plane
and circled the country, visiting
members of his family in Arizona,
New York, and Vermont, and in
Boston, his former home. He will
spend another month in the capital,
returning to Stanford for summer
quarter.
Busy writing a ground school
textbook in aircraft operation and
flight theory for the Civilian Pilot
Training program of the C A A., Dr.
David L. Webster of Stanford is
spending his "vacation" quarter in
Washington, D.C.
Dr. Webster, head of the physics
department and co-ordinator of the
Civilian Pilot Training Program
here, left March 19 in his own plane
and circled the country, visiting
members of his family in Arizona,
New York, and Vermont, and in
Boston, his former home. He will
spend another month in the capital,
returning to Stanford for summer
quarter.
Busy writing a ground school
textbook in aircraft operation and
flight theory for the Civilian Pilot
Training program of the C A A., Dr.
David L. Webster of Stanford is
spending his "vacation" quarter in
Washington, D.C.
Dr. Webster, head of the physics
department and co-ordinator of the
Civilian Pilot Training Program
here, left March 19 in his own plane
and circled the country, visiting
members of his family in Arizona,
New York, and Vermont, and in
Boston, his former home. He will
spend another month in the capital,
returning to Stanford for summer
quarter.
Busy writing a ground school
textbook in aircraft operation and
flight theory for the Civilian Pilot
Training program of the C A A., Dr.
David L. Webster of Stanford is
spending his "vacation" quarter in
Washington, D.C.
Dr. Webster, head of the physics
department and co-ordinator of the
Civilian Pilot Training Program
here, left March 19 in his own plane
and circled the country, visiting
members of his family in Arizona,
New York, and Vermont, and in
Boston, his former home. He will
spend another month in the capital,
returning to Stanford for summer
quarter.
Busy writing a ground school
textbook in aircraft operation and
flight theory for the Civilian Pilot
Training program of the C A A., Dr.
David L. Webster of Stanford is
spending his "vacation" quarter in
Washington, D.C.
Dr. Webster, head of the physics
department and co-ordinator of the
Civilian Pilot Training Program
here, left March 19 in his own plane
and circled the country, visiting
members of his family in Arizona,
New York, and Vermont, and in
Boston, his former home. He will
spend another month in the capital,
returning to Stanford for summer
quarter.
Busy writing a ground school
textbook in aircraft operation and
flight theory for the Civilian Pilot
Training program of the C A A., Dr.
David L. Webster of Stanford is
spending his "vacation" quarter in
Washington, D.C.
Dr. Webster, head of the physics
department and co-ordinator of the
Civilian Pilot Training Program
here, left March 19 in his own plane
and circled the country, visiting
members of his family in Arizona,
New York, and Vermont, and in
Boston, his former home. He will
spend another month in the capital,
returning to Stanford for summer
quarter.
Busy writing a ground school
textbook in aircraft operation and
flight theory for the Civilian Pilot
Training program of the C A A., Dr.
David L. Webster of Stanford is
spending his "vacation" quarter in
Washington, D.C.
Dr. Webster, head of the physics
department and co-ordinator of the
Civilian Pilot Training Program
here, left March 19 in his own plane
and circled the country, visiting
members of his family in Arizona,
New York, and Vermont, and in
Boston, his former home. He will
spend another month in the capital,
returning to Stanford for summer
quarter.
Busy writing a ground school
textbook in aircraft operation and
flight theory for the Civilian Pilot
Training program of the C A A., Dr.
David L. Webster of Stanford is
spending his "vacation" quarter in
Washington, D.C.
Dr. Webster, head of the physics
department and co-ordinator of the
Civilian Pilot Training Program
here, left March 19 in his own plane
and circled the country, visiting
members of his family in Arizona,
New York, and Vermont, and in
Boston, his former home. He will
spend another month in the capital,
returning to Stanford for summer
quarter.
Busy writing a ground school
textbook in aircraft operation and
flight theory for the Civilian Pilot
Training program of the C A A., Dr.
David L. Webster of Stanford is
spending his "vacation" quarter in
Washington, D.C.
Dr. Webster, head of the physics
department and co-ordinator of the
Civilian Pilot Training Program
here, left March 19 in his own plane
and circled the country, visiting
members of his family in Arizona,
New York, and Vermont, and in
Boston, his former home. He will
spend another month in the capital,
returning to Stanford for summer
quarter.
Busy writing a ground school
textbook in aircraft operation and
flight theory for the Civilian Pilot
Training program of the C A A., Dr.
David L. Webster of Stanford is
spending his "vacation" quarter in
Washington, D.C.
Dr. Webster, head of the physics
department and co-ordinator of the
Civilian Pilot Training Program
here, left March 19 in his own plane
and circled the country, visiting
members of his family in Arizona,
New York, and Vermont, and in
Boston, his former home. He will
spend another month in the capital,
returning to Stanford for summer
quarter.
Busy writing a ground school
textbook in aircraft operation and
flight theory for the Civilian Pilot
Training program of the C A A., Dr.
David L. Webster of Stanford is
spending his "vacation" quarter in
Washington, D.C.
Dr. Webster, head of the physics
department and co-ordinator of the
Civilian Pilot Training Program
here, left March 19 in his own plane
and circled the country, visiting
members of his family in Arizona,
New York, and Vermont, and in
Boston, his former home. He will
spend another month in the capital,
returning to Stanford for summer
quarter.
Busy writing a ground school
textbook in aircraft operation and
flight theory for the Civilian Pilot
Training program of the C A A., Dr.
David L. Webster of Stanford is
spending his "vacation" quarter in
Washington, D.C.
Dr. Webster, head of the physics
department and co-ordinator of the
Civilian Pilot Training Program
here, left March 19 in his own plane
and circled the country, visiting
members of his family in Arizona,
New York, and Vermont, and in
Boston, his former home. He will
spend another month in the capital,
returning to Stanford for summer
quarter.
Busy writing a ground school
textbook in aircraft operation and
flight theory for the Civilian Pilot
Training program of the C A A., Dr.
David L. Webster of Stanford is
spending his "vacation" quarter in
Washington, D.C.
Dr. Webster, head of the physics
department and co-ordinator of the
Civilian Pilot Training Program
here, left March 19 in his own plane
and circled the country, visiting
members of his family in Arizona,
New York, and Vermont, and in
Boston, his former home. He will
spend another month in the capital,
returning to Stanford for summer
quarter.
Busy writing a ground school
textbook in aircraft operation and
flight theory for the Civilian Pilot
Training program of the C A A., Dr.
David L. Webster of Stanford is
spending his "vacation" quarter in
Washington, D.C.
Dr. Webster, head of the physics
department and co-ordinator of the
Civilian Pilot Training Program
here, left March 19 in his own plane
and circled the country, visiting
members of his family in Arizona,
New York, and Vermont, and in
Boston, his former home. He will
spend another month in the capital,
returning to Stanford for summer
quarter.
Busy writing a ground school
textbook in aircraft operation and
flight theory for the Civilian Pilot
Training program of the C A A., Dr.
David L. Webster of Stanford is
spending his "vacation" quarter in
Washington, D.C.
Dr. Webster, head of the physics
department and co-ordinator of the
Civilian Pilot Training Program
here, left March 19 in his own plane
and circled the country, visiting
members of his family in Arizona,
New York, and Vermont, and in
Boston, his former home. He will
spend another month in the capital,
returning to Stanford for summer
quarter.
Busy writing a ground school
textbook in aircraft operation and
flight theory for the Civilian Pilot
Training program of the C A A., Dr.
David L. Webster of Stanford is
spending his "vacation" quarter in
Washington, D.C.
Dr. Webster, head of the physics
department and co-ordinator of the
Civilian Pilot Training Program
here, left March 19 in his own plane
and circled the country, visiting
members of his family in Arizona,
New York, and Vermont, and in
Boston, his former home. He will
spend another month in the capital,
returning to Stanford for summer
quarter.
Busy writing a ground school
textbook in aircraft operation and
flight theory for the Civilian Pilot
Training program of the C A A., Dr.
David L. Webster of Stanford is
spending his "vacation" quarter in
Washington, D.C.
Dr. Webster, head of the physics
department and co-ordinator of the
Civilian Pilot Training Program
here, left March 19 in his own plane
and circled the country, visiting
members of his family in Arizona,
New York, and Vermont, and in
Boston, his former home. He will
spend another month in the capital,
returning to Stanford for summer
quarter.
