# FASHION SHOW MODELS TODAY
## 
### 

MARGE EMLAY shares an interesting bit from some of that fan mail
with Helen Savory. Both Iloble girls will model in the County Fair
Fashion Show this afternoon. (Photography by Ted Reed)

MARGE EMLAY shares an interesting bit from some of that fan mail
with Helen Savory. Both Iloble girls will model in the County Fair
Fashion Show this afternoon. (Photography by Ted Reed)

MARGE EMLAY shares an interesting bit from some of that fan mail
with Helen Savory. Both Iloble girls will model in the County Fair
Fashion Show this afternoon. (Photography by Ted Reed)

MARGE EMLAY shares an interesting bit from some of that fan mail
with Helen Savory. Both Iloble girls will model in the County Fair
Fashion Show this afternoon. (Photography by Ted Reed)

MARGE EMLAY shares an interesting bit from some of that fan mail
with Helen Savory. Both Iloble girls will model in the County Fair
Fashion Show this afternoon. (Photography by Ted Reed)

MARGE EMLAY shares an interesting bit from some of that fan mail
with Helen Savory. Both Iloble girls will model in the County Fair
Fashion Show this afternoon. (Photography by Ted Reed)

MARGE EMLAY shares an interesting bit from some of that fan mail
with Helen Savory. Both Iloble girls will model in the County Fair
Fashion Show this afternoon. (Photography by Ted Reed)

MARGE EMLAY shares an interesting bit from some of that fan mail
with Helen Savory. Both Iloble girls will model in the County Fair
Fashion Show this afternoon. (Photography by Ted Reed)

MARGE EMLAY shares an interesting bit from some of that fan mail
with Helen Savory. Both Iloble girls will model in the County Fair
Fashion Show this afternoon. (Photography by Ted Reed)

MARGE EMLAY shares an interesting bit from some of that fan mail
with Helen Savory. Both Iloble girls will model in the County Fair
Fashion Show this afternoon. (Photography by Ted Reed)

MARGE EMLAY shares an interesting bit from some of that fan mail
with Helen Savory. Both Iloble girls will model in the County Fair
Fashion Show this afternoon. (Photography by Ted Reed)

MARGE EMLAY shares an interesting bit from some of that fan mail
with Helen Savory. Both Iloble girls will model in the County Fair
Fashion Show this afternoon. (Photography by Ted Reed)

MARGE EMLAY shares an interesting bit from some of that fan mail
with Helen Savory. Both Iloble girls will model in the County Fair
Fashion Show this afternoon. (Photography by Ted Reed)

MARGE EMLAY shares an interesting bit from some of that fan mail
with Helen Savory. Both Iloble girls will model in the County Fair
Fashion Show this afternoon. (Photography by Ted Reed)

MARGE EMLAY shares an interesting bit from some of that fan mail
with Helen Savory. Both Iloble girls will model in the County Fair
Fashion Show this afternoon. (Photography by Ted Reed)

MARGE EMLAY shares an interesting bit from some of that fan mail
with Helen Savory. Both Iloble girls will model in the County Fair
Fashion Show this afternoon. (Photography by Ted Reed)

MARGE EMLAY shares an interesting bit from some of that fan mail
with Helen Savory. Both Iloble girls will model in the County Fair
Fashion Show this afternoon. (Photography by Ted Reed)

MARGE EMLAY shares an interesting bit from some of that fan mail
with Helen Savory. Both Iloble girls will model in the County Fair
Fashion Show this afternoon. (Photography by Ted Reed)
