# VICHY NEWSPAPERS ATTACK LEAHY, U.S.
## 
### 
VICHY, May 20 (UP).—The Ger
man-controlled French press in
Paris, angrily attacking the United
States, today asserted that U.S. Am
bassador William D. Leahy's pres
ence in Vichy "has become delicate
and even impossible" because of
President Roosevelt's hostile atti
tude toward France.
VICHY, May 20 (UP).—The Ger
man-controlled French press in
Paris, angrily attacking the United
States, today asserted that U.S. Am
bassador William D. Leahy's pres
ence in Vichy "has become delicate
and even impossible" because of
President Roosevelt's hostile atti
tude toward France.
VICHY, May 20 (UP).—The Ger
man-controlled French press in
Paris, angrily attacking the United
States, today asserted that U.S. Am
bassador William D. Leahy's pres
ence in Vichy "has become delicate
and even impossible" because of
President Roosevelt's hostile atti
tude toward France.
VICHY, May 20 (UP).—The Ger
man-controlled French press in
Paris, angrily attacking the United
States, today asserted that U.S. Am
bassador William D. Leahy's pres
ence in Vichy "has become delicate
and even impossible" because of
President Roosevelt's hostile atti
tude toward France.
VICHY, May 20 (UP).—The Ger
man-controlled French press in
Paris, angrily attacking the United
States, today asserted that U.S. Am
bassador William D. Leahy's pres
ence in Vichy "has become delicate
and even impossible" because of
President Roosevelt's hostile atti
tude toward France.
VICHY, May 20 (UP).—The Ger
man-controlled French press in
Paris, angrily attacking the United
States, today asserted that U.S. Am
bassador William D. Leahy's pres
ence in Vichy "has become delicate
and even impossible" because of
President Roosevelt's hostile atti
tude toward France.
VICHY, May 20 (UP).—The Ger
man-controlled French press in
Paris, angrily attacking the United
States, today asserted that U.S. Am
bassador William D. Leahy's pres
ence in Vichy "has become delicate
and even impossible" because of
President Roosevelt's hostile atti
tude toward France.
VICHY, May 20 (UP).—The Ger
man-controlled French press in
Paris, angrily attacking the United
States, today asserted that U.S. Am
bassador William D. Leahy's pres
ence in Vichy "has become delicate
and even impossible" because of
President Roosevelt's hostile atti
tude toward France.
VICHY, May 20 (UP).—The Ger
man-controlled French press in
Paris, angrily attacking the United
States, today asserted that U.S. Am
bassador William D. Leahy's pres
ence in Vichy "has become delicate
and even impossible" because of
President Roosevelt's hostile atti
tude toward France.
VICHY, May 20 (UP).—The Ger
man-controlled French press in
Paris, angrily attacking the United
States, today asserted that U.S. Am
bassador William D. Leahy's pres
ence in Vichy "has become delicate
and even impossible" because of
President Roosevelt's hostile atti
tude toward France.
VICHY, May 20 (UP).—The Ger
man-controlled French press in
Paris, angrily attacking the United
States, today asserted that U.S. Am
bassador William D. Leahy's pres
ence in Vichy "has become delicate
and even impossible" because of
President Roosevelt's hostile atti
tude toward France.
VICHY, May 20 (UP).—The Ger
man-controlled French press in
Paris, angrily attacking the United
States, today asserted that U.S. Am
bassador William D. Leahy's pres
ence in Vichy "has become delicate
and even impossible" because of
President Roosevelt's hostile atti
tude toward France.
VICHY, May 20 (UP).—The Ger
man-controlled French press in
Paris, angrily attacking the United
States, today asserted that U.S. Am
bassador William D. Leahy's pres
ence in Vichy "has become delicate
and even impossible" because of
President Roosevelt's hostile atti
tude toward France.
VICHY, May 20 (UP).—The Ger
man-controlled French press in
Paris, angrily attacking the United
States, today asserted that U.S. Am
bassador William D. Leahy's pres
ence in Vichy "has become delicate
and even impossible" because of
President Roosevelt's hostile atti
tude toward France.
VICHY, May 20 (UP).—The Ger
man-controlled French press in
Paris, angrily attacking the United
States, today asserted that U.S. Am
bassador William D. Leahy's pres
ence in Vichy "has become delicate
and even impossible" because of
President Roosevelt's hostile atti
tude toward France.
VICHY, May 20 (UP).—The Ger
man-controlled French press in
Paris, angrily attacking the United
States, today asserted that U.S. Am
bassador William D. Leahy's pres
ence in Vichy "has become delicate
and even impossible" because of
President Roosevelt's hostile atti
tude toward France.
VICHY, May 20 (UP).—The Ger
man-controlled French press in
Paris, angrily attacking the United
States, today asserted that U.S. Am
bassador William D. Leahy's pres
ence in Vichy "has become delicate
and even impossible" because of
President Roosevelt's hostile atti
tude toward France.
VICHY, May 20 (UP).—The Ger
man-controlled French press in
Paris, angrily attacking the United
States, today asserted that U.S. Am
bassador William D. Leahy's pres
ence in Vichy "has become delicate
and even impossible" because of
President Roosevelt's hostile atti
tude toward France.
