# Theta Sigma Phi To Hold Banquet
## 
### 
Stanford's chapter of Theta Sigma
Phi, national honorary journalism
fraternity for women, will hold the
first Matrix dinner in the history of
the Farm chapter tonight at the Ben
jamin Franklin Hotel in San Mateo.
A Matrix banquet has become a
tradition in many colleges, and
Stanford Theta Sigs have been anx
ious to establish the banquet here.
Mary Hampton, San Francisco col
umnist on women's fashions, will be
the speaker of the evening. Guests
of the evening will be Dr. and Mrs.
Bush, Mr. and Mrs. Clifford F.
Weigle of the journalism division,
and bay area alumnae.
Following the dinner, an initiation
ceremony will be held to formally
take in eight new members to the
society.
Stanford's chapter of Theta Sigma
Phi, national honorary journalism
fraternity for women, will hold the
first Matrix dinner in the history of
the Farm chapter tonight at the Ben
jamin Franklin Hotel in San Mateo.
A Matrix banquet has become a
tradition in many colleges, and
Stanford Theta Sigs have been anx
ious to establish the banquet here.
Mary Hampton, San Francisco col
umnist on women's fashions, will be
the speaker of the evening. Guests
of the evening will be Dr. and Mrs.
Bush, Mr. and Mrs. Clifford F.
Weigle of the journalism division,
and bay area alumnae.
Following the dinner, an initiation
ceremony will be held to formally
take in eight new members to the
society.
Stanford's chapter of Theta Sigma
Phi, national honorary journalism
fraternity for women, will hold the
first Matrix dinner in the history of
the Farm chapter tonight at the Ben
jamin Franklin Hotel in San Mateo.
A Matrix banquet has become a
tradition in many colleges, and
Stanford Theta Sigs have been anx
ious to establish the banquet here.
Mary Hampton, San Francisco col
umnist on women's fashions, will be
the speaker of the evening. Guests
of the evening will be Dr. and Mrs.
Bush, Mr. and Mrs. Clifford F.
Weigle of the journalism division,
and bay area alumnae.
Following the dinner, an initiation
ceremony will be held to formally
take in eight new members to the
society.
Stanford's chapter of Theta Sigma
Phi, national honorary journalism
fraternity for women, will hold the
first Matrix dinner in the history of
the Farm chapter tonight at the Ben
jamin Franklin Hotel in San Mateo.
A Matrix banquet has become a
tradition in many colleges, and
Stanford Theta Sigs have been anx
ious to establish the banquet here.
Mary Hampton, San Francisco col
umnist on women's fashions, will be
the speaker of the evening. Guests
of the evening will be Dr. and Mrs.
Bush, Mr. and Mrs. Clifford F.
Weigle of the journalism division,
and bay area alumnae.
Following the dinner, an initiation
ceremony will be held to formally
take in eight new members to the
society.
Stanford's chapter of Theta Sigma
Phi, national honorary journalism
fraternity for women, will hold the
first Matrix dinner in the history of
the Farm chapter tonight at the Ben
jamin Franklin Hotel in San Mateo.
A Matrix banquet has become a
tradition in many colleges, and
Stanford Theta Sigs have been anx
ious to establish the banquet here.
Mary Hampton, San Francisco col
umnist on women's fashions, will be
the speaker of the evening. Guests
of the evening will be Dr. and Mrs.
Bush, Mr. and Mrs. Clifford F.
Weigle of the journalism division,
and bay area alumnae.
Following the dinner, an initiation
ceremony will be held to formally
take in eight new members to the
society.
Stanford's chapter of Theta Sigma
Phi, national honorary journalism
fraternity for women, will hold the
first Matrix dinner in the history of
the Farm chapter tonight at the Ben
jamin Franklin Hotel in San Mateo.
A Matrix banquet has become a
tradition in many colleges, and
Stanford Theta Sigs have been anx
ious to establish the banquet here.
Mary Hampton, San Francisco col
umnist on women's fashions, will be
the speaker of the evening. Guests
of the evening will be Dr. and Mrs.
Bush, Mr. and Mrs. Clifford F.
Weigle of the journalism division,
and bay area alumnae.
Following the dinner, an initiation
ceremony will be held to formally
take in eight new members to the
society.
Stanford's chapter of Theta Sigma
Phi, national honorary journalism
fraternity for women, will hold the
first Matrix dinner in the history of
the Farm chapter tonight at the Ben
jamin Franklin Hotel in San Mateo.
A Matrix banquet has become a
tradition in many colleges, and
Stanford Theta Sigs have been anx
ious to establish the banquet here.
Mary Hampton, San Francisco col
umnist on women's fashions, will be
the speaker of the evening. Guests
of the evening will be Dr. and Mrs.
Bush, Mr. and Mrs. Clifford F.
Weigle of the journalism division,
and bay area alumnae.
Following the dinner, an initiation
ceremony will be held to formally
take in eight new members to the
society.
Stanford's chapter of Theta Sigma
Phi, national honorary journalism
fraternity for women, will hold the
first Matrix dinner in the history of
the Farm chapter tonight at the Ben
jamin Franklin Hotel in San Mateo.
A Matrix banquet has become a
tradition in many colleges, and
Stanford Theta Sigs have been anx
ious to establish the banquet here.
Mary Hampton, San Francisco col
umnist on women's fashions, will be
the speaker of the evening. Guests
of the evening will be Dr. and Mrs.
Bush, Mr. and Mrs. Clifford F.
Weigle of the journalism division,
and bay area alumnae.
Following the dinner, an initiation
ceremony will be held to formally
take in eight new members to the
society.
Stanford's chapter of Theta Sigma
Phi, national honorary journalism
fraternity for women, will hold the
first Matrix dinner in the history of
the Farm chapter tonight at the Ben
jamin Franklin Hotel in San Mateo.
A Matrix banquet has become a
tradition in many colleges, and
Stanford Theta Sigs have been anx
ious to establish the banquet here.
Mary Hampton, San Francisco col
umnist on women's fashions, will be
the speaker of the evening. Guests
of the evening will be Dr. and Mrs.
Bush, Mr. and Mrs. Clifford F.
Weigle of the journalism division,
and bay area alumnae.
Following the dinner, an initiation
ceremony will be held to formally
take in eight new members to the
society.
Stanford's chapter of Theta Sigma
Phi, national honorary journalism
fraternity for women, will hold the
first Matrix dinner in the history of
the Farm chapter tonight at the Ben
jamin Franklin Hotel in San Mateo.
A Matrix banquet has become a
tradition in many colleges, and
Stanford Theta Sigs have been anx
ious to establish the banquet here.
Mary Hampton, San Francisco col
umnist on women's fashions, will be
the speaker of the evening. Guests
of the evening will be Dr. and Mrs.
Bush, Mr. and Mrs. Clifford F.
Weigle of the journalism division,
and bay area alumnae.
Following the dinner, an initiation
ceremony will be held to formally
take in eight new members to the
society.
Stanford's chapter of Theta Sigma
Phi, national honorary journalism
fraternity for women, will hold the
first Matrix dinner in the history of
the Farm chapter tonight at the Ben
jamin Franklin Hotel in San Mateo.
A Matrix banquet has become a
tradition in many colleges, and
Stanford Theta Sigs have been anx
ious to establish the banquet here.
Mary Hampton, San Francisco col
umnist on women's fashions, will be
the speaker of the evening. Guests
of the evening will be Dr. and Mrs.
Bush, Mr. and Mrs. Clifford F.
Weigle of the journalism division,
and bay area alumnae.
Following the dinner, an initiation
ceremony will be held to formally
take in eight new members to the
society.
Stanford's chapter of Theta Sigma
Phi, national honorary journalism
fraternity for women, will hold the
first Matrix dinner in the history of
the Farm chapter tonight at the Ben
jamin Franklin Hotel in San Mateo.
A Matrix banquet has become a
tradition in many colleges, and
Stanford Theta Sigs have been anx
ious to establish the banquet here.
Mary Hampton, San Francisco col
umnist on women's fashions, will be
the speaker of the evening. Guests
of the evening will be Dr. and Mrs.
Bush, Mr. and Mrs. Clifford F.
Weigle of the journalism division,
and bay area alumnae.
Following the dinner, an initiation
ceremony will be held to formally
take in eight new members to the
society.
Stanford's chapter of Theta Sigma
Phi, national honorary journalism
fraternity for women, will hold the
first Matrix dinner in the history of
the Farm chapter tonight at the Ben
jamin Franklin Hotel in San Mateo.
A Matrix banquet has become a
tradition in many colleges, and
Stanford Theta Sigs have been anx
ious to establish the banquet here.
Mary Hampton, San Francisco col
umnist on women's fashions, will be
the speaker of the evening. Guests
of the evening will be Dr. and Mrs.
Bush, Mr. and Mrs. Clifford F.
Weigle of the journalism division,
and bay area alumnae.
Following the dinner, an initiation
ceremony will be held to formally
take in eight new members to the
society.
Stanford's chapter of Theta Sigma
Phi, national honorary journalism
fraternity for women, will hold the
first Matrix dinner in the history of
the Farm chapter tonight at the Ben
jamin Franklin Hotel in San Mateo.
A Matrix banquet has become a
tradition in many colleges, and
Stanford Theta Sigs have been anx
ious to establish the banquet here.
Mary Hampton, San Francisco col
umnist on women's fashions, will be
the speaker of the evening. Guests
of the evening will be Dr. and Mrs.
Bush, Mr. and Mrs. Clifford F.
Weigle of the journalism division,
and bay area alumnae.
Following the dinner, an initiation
ceremony will be held to formally
take in eight new members to the
society.
Stanford's chapter of Theta Sigma
Phi, national honorary journalism
fraternity for women, will hold the
first Matrix dinner in the history of
the Farm chapter tonight at the Ben
jamin Franklin Hotel in San Mateo.
A Matrix banquet has become a
tradition in many colleges, and
Stanford Theta Sigs have been anx
ious to establish the banquet here.
Mary Hampton, San Francisco col
umnist on women's fashions, will be
the speaker of the evening. Guests
of the evening will be Dr. and Mrs.
Bush, Mr. and Mrs. Clifford F.
Weigle of the journalism division,
and bay area alumnae.
Following the dinner, an initiation
ceremony will be held to formally
take in eight new members to the
society.
Stanford's chapter of Theta Sigma
Phi, national honorary journalism
fraternity for women, will hold the
first Matrix dinner in the history of
the Farm chapter tonight at the Ben
jamin Franklin Hotel in San Mateo.
A Matrix banquet has become a
tradition in many colleges, and
Stanford Theta Sigs have been anx
ious to establish the banquet here.
Mary Hampton, San Francisco col
umnist on women's fashions, will be
the speaker of the evening. Guests
of the evening will be Dr. and Mrs.
Bush, Mr. and Mrs. Clifford F.
Weigle of the journalism division,
and bay area alumnae.
Following the dinner, an initiation
ceremony will be held to formally
take in eight new members to the
society.
Stanford's chapter of Theta Sigma
Phi, national honorary journalism
fraternity for women, will hold the
first Matrix dinner in the history of
the Farm chapter tonight at the Ben
jamin Franklin Hotel in San Mateo.
A Matrix banquet has become a
tradition in many colleges, and
Stanford Theta Sigs have been anx
ious to establish the banquet here.
Mary Hampton, San Francisco col
umnist on women's fashions, will be
the speaker of the evening. Guests
of the evening will be Dr. and Mrs.
Bush, Mr. and Mrs. Clifford F.
Weigle of the journalism division,
and bay area alumnae.
Following the dinner, an initiation
ceremony will be held to formally
take in eight new members to the
society.
Stanford's chapter of Theta Sigma
Phi, national honorary journalism
fraternity for women, will hold the
first Matrix dinner in the history of
the Farm chapter tonight at the Ben
jamin Franklin Hotel in San Mateo.
A Matrix banquet has become a
tradition in many colleges, and
Stanford Theta Sigs have been anx
ious to establish the banquet here.
Mary Hampton, San Francisco col
umnist on women's fashions, will be
the speaker of the evening. Guests
of the evening will be Dr. and Mrs.
Bush, Mr. and Mrs. Clifford F.
Weigle of the journalism division,
and bay area alumnae.
Following the dinner, an initiation
ceremony will be held to formally
take in eight new members to the
society.
