# Water Polo Squad To Battle Alumni
## 
### 
This afternoon at 4:15 o'clock the
Stanford water polo team will con
clude a quarter of practice when
they tackle the alumni team, com
posed of graduating seniors and
alums. This is to be the last scrim
mage of a practice quarter marked
by the rapid development of men
new to the water polo game. The
scrimmage will be held at Encina
Pools and admission is free to men.
Women will not be permitted to
attend.
The first four weeks of this quar
ter were devoted entirely to funda
mentals.
This afternoon at 4:15 o'clock the
Stanford water polo team will con
clude a quarter of practice when
they tackle the alumni team, com
posed of graduating seniors and
alums. This is to be the last scrim
mage of a practice quarter marked
by the rapid development of men
new to the water polo game. The
scrimmage will be held at Encina
Pools and admission is free to men.
Women will not be permitted to
attend.
The first four weeks of this quar
ter were devoted entirely to funda
mentals.
This afternoon at 4:15 o'clock the
Stanford water polo team will con
clude a quarter of practice when
they tackle the alumni team, com
posed of graduating seniors and
alums. This is to be the last scrim
mage of a practice quarter marked
by the rapid development of men
new to the water polo game. The
scrimmage will be held at Encina
Pools and admission is free to men.
Women will not be permitted to
attend.
The first four weeks of this quar
ter were devoted entirely to funda
mentals.
This afternoon at 4:15 o'clock the
Stanford water polo team will con
clude a quarter of practice when
they tackle the alumni team, com
posed of graduating seniors and
alums. This is to be the last scrim
mage of a practice quarter marked
by the rapid development of men
new to the water polo game. The
scrimmage will be held at Encina
Pools and admission is free to men.
Women will not be permitted to
attend.
The first four weeks of this quar
ter were devoted entirely to funda
mentals.
This afternoon at 4:15 o'clock the
Stanford water polo team will con
clude a quarter of practice when
they tackle the alumni team, com
posed of graduating seniors and
alums. This is to be the last scrim
mage of a practice quarter marked
by the rapid development of men
new to the water polo game. The
scrimmage will be held at Encina
Pools and admission is free to men.
Women will not be permitted to
attend.
The first four weeks of this quar
ter were devoted entirely to funda
mentals.
This afternoon at 4:15 o'clock the
Stanford water polo team will con
clude a quarter of practice when
they tackle the alumni team, com
posed of graduating seniors and
alums. This is to be the last scrim
mage of a practice quarter marked
by the rapid development of men
new to the water polo game. The
scrimmage will be held at Encina
Pools and admission is free to men.
Women will not be permitted to
attend.
The first four weeks of this quar
ter were devoted entirely to funda
mentals.
This afternoon at 4:15 o'clock the
Stanford water polo team will con
clude a quarter of practice when
they tackle the alumni team, com
posed of graduating seniors and
alums. This is to be the last scrim
mage of a practice quarter marked
by the rapid development of men
new to the water polo game. The
scrimmage will be held at Encina
Pools and admission is free to men.
Women will not be permitted to
attend.
The first four weeks of this quar
ter were devoted entirely to funda
mentals.
This afternoon at 4:15 o'clock the
Stanford water polo team will con
clude a quarter of practice when
they tackle the alumni team, com
posed of graduating seniors and
alums. This is to be the last scrim
mage of a practice quarter marked
by the rapid development of men
new to the water polo game. The
scrimmage will be held at Encina
Pools and admission is free to men.
Women will not be permitted to
attend.
The first four weeks of this quar
ter were devoted entirely to funda
mentals.
This afternoon at 4:15 o'clock the
Stanford water polo team will con
clude a quarter of practice when
they tackle the alumni team, com
posed of graduating seniors and
alums. This is to be the last scrim
mage of a practice quarter marked
by the rapid development of men
new to the water polo game. The
scrimmage will be held at Encina
Pools and admission is free to men.
Women will not be permitted to
attend.
The first four weeks of this quar
ter were devoted entirely to funda
mentals.
This afternoon at 4:15 o'clock the
Stanford water polo team will con
clude a quarter of practice when
they tackle the alumni team, com
posed of graduating seniors and
alums. This is to be the last scrim
mage of a practice quarter marked
by the rapid development of men
new to the water polo game. The
scrimmage will be held at Encina
Pools and admission is free to men.
Women will not be permitted to
attend.
The first four weeks of this quar
ter were devoted entirely to funda
mentals.
This afternoon at 4:15 o'clock the
Stanford water polo team will con
clude a quarter of practice when
they tackle the alumni team, com
posed of graduating seniors and
alums. This is to be the last scrim
mage of a practice quarter marked
by the rapid development of men
new to the water polo game. The
scrimmage will be held at Encina
Pools and admission is free to men.
Women will not be permitted to
attend.
The first four weeks of this quar
ter were devoted entirely to funda
mentals.
This afternoon at 4:15 o'clock the
Stanford water polo team will con
clude a quarter of practice when
they tackle the alumni team, com
posed of graduating seniors and
alums. This is to be the last scrim
mage of a practice quarter marked
by the rapid development of men
new to the water polo game. The
scrimmage will be held at Encina
Pools and admission is free to men.
Women will not be permitted to
attend.
The first four weeks of this quar
ter were devoted entirely to funda
mentals.
This afternoon at 4:15 o'clock the
Stanford water polo team will con
clude a quarter of practice when
they tackle the alumni team, com
posed of graduating seniors and
alums. This is to be the last scrim
mage of a practice quarter marked
by the rapid development of men
new to the water polo game. The
scrimmage will be held at Encina
Pools and admission is free to men.
Women will not be permitted to
attend.
The first four weeks of this quar
ter were devoted entirely to funda
mentals.
This afternoon at 4:15 o'clock the
Stanford water polo team will con
clude a quarter of practice when
they tackle the alumni team, com
posed of graduating seniors and
alums. This is to be the last scrim
mage of a practice quarter marked
by the rapid development of men
new to the water polo game. The
scrimmage will be held at Encina
Pools and admission is free to men.
Women will not be permitted to
attend.
The first four weeks of this quar
ter were devoted entirely to funda
mentals.
This afternoon at 4:15 o'clock the
Stanford water polo team will con
clude a quarter of practice when
they tackle the alumni team, com
posed of graduating seniors and
alums. This is to be the last scrim
mage of a practice quarter marked
by the rapid development of men
new to the water polo game. The
scrimmage will be held at Encina
Pools and admission is free to men.
Women will not be permitted to
attend.
The first four weeks of this quar
ter were devoted entirely to funda
mentals.
This afternoon at 4:15 o'clock the
Stanford water polo team will con
clude a quarter of practice when
they tackle the alumni team, com
posed of graduating seniors and
alums. This is to be the last scrim
mage of a practice quarter marked
by the rapid development of men
new to the water polo game. The
scrimmage will be held at Encina
Pools and admission is free to men.
Women will not be permitted to
attend.
The first four weeks of this quar
ter were devoted entirely to funda
mentals.
This afternoon at 4:15 o'clock the
Stanford water polo team will con
clude a quarter of practice when
they tackle the alumni team, com
posed of graduating seniors and
alums. This is to be the last scrim
mage of a practice quarter marked
by the rapid development of men
new to the water polo game. The
scrimmage will be held at Encina
Pools and admission is free to men.
Women will not be permitted to
attend.
The first four weeks of this quar
ter were devoted entirely to funda
mentals.
This afternoon at 4:15 o'clock the
Stanford water polo team will con
clude a quarter of practice when
they tackle the alumni team, com
posed of graduating seniors and
alums. This is to be the last scrim
mage of a practice quarter marked
by the rapid development of men
new to the water polo game. The
scrimmage will be held at Encina
Pools and admission is free to men.
Women will not be permitted to
attend.
The first four weeks of this quar
ter were devoted entirely to funda
mentals.
