# The 						Stanford Daily SPORTS
## LOUIS FIGHTS BAER FRIDAY 
### CHUCK SMITH, Sports Editor 

THIS IS A RECENT picture of Joe Louis, world's heavyweight champ,
who defends his title in a bout with Buddy Bacr Friday night in
Washington. This will be the Brown Bomber's 17th defense of his
title.

THIS IS A RECENT picture of Joe Louis, world's heavyweight champ,
who defends his title in a bout with Buddy Bacr Friday night in
Washington. This will be the Brown Bomber's 17th defense of his
title.

THIS IS A RECENT picture of Joe Louis, world's heavyweight champ,
who defends his title in a bout with Buddy Bacr Friday night in
Washington. This will be the Brown Bomber's 17th defense of his
title.

THIS IS A RECENT picture of Joe Louis, world's heavyweight champ,
who defends his title in a bout with Buddy Bacr Friday night in
Washington. This will be the Brown Bomber's 17th defense of his
title.

THIS IS A RECENT picture of Joe Louis, world's heavyweight champ,
who defends his title in a bout with Buddy Bacr Friday night in
Washington. This will be the Brown Bomber's 17th defense of his
title.

THIS IS A RECENT picture of Joe Louis, world's heavyweight champ,
who defends his title in a bout with Buddy Bacr Friday night in
Washington. This will be the Brown Bomber's 17th defense of his
title.

THIS IS A RECENT picture of Joe Louis, world's heavyweight champ,
who defends his title in a bout with Buddy Bacr Friday night in
Washington. This will be the Brown Bomber's 17th defense of his
title.

THIS IS A RECENT picture of Joe Louis, world's heavyweight champ,
who defends his title in a bout with Buddy Bacr Friday night in
Washington. This will be the Brown Bomber's 17th defense of his
title.

THIS IS A RECENT picture of Joe Louis, world's heavyweight champ,
who defends his title in a bout with Buddy Bacr Friday night in
Washington. This will be the Brown Bomber's 17th defense of his
title.

THIS IS A RECENT picture of Joe Louis, world's heavyweight champ,
who defends his title in a bout with Buddy Bacr Friday night in
Washington. This will be the Brown Bomber's 17th defense of his
title.

THIS IS A RECENT picture of Joe Louis, world's heavyweight champ,
who defends his title in a bout with Buddy Bacr Friday night in
Washington. This will be the Brown Bomber's 17th defense of his
title.

THIS IS A RECENT picture of Joe Louis, world's heavyweight champ,
who defends his title in a bout with Buddy Bacr Friday night in
Washington. This will be the Brown Bomber's 17th defense of his
title.

THIS IS A RECENT picture of Joe Louis, world's heavyweight champ,
who defends his title in a bout with Buddy Bacr Friday night in
Washington. This will be the Brown Bomber's 17th defense of his
title.

THIS IS A RECENT picture of Joe Louis, world's heavyweight champ,
who defends his title in a bout with Buddy Bacr Friday night in
Washington. This will be the Brown Bomber's 17th defense of his
title.

THIS IS A RECENT picture of Joe Louis, world's heavyweight champ,
who defends his title in a bout with Buddy Bacr Friday night in
Washington. This will be the Brown Bomber's 17th defense of his
title.

THIS IS A RECENT picture of Joe Louis, world's heavyweight champ,
who defends his title in a bout with Buddy Bacr Friday night in
Washington. This will be the Brown Bomber's 17th defense of his
title.

THIS IS A RECENT picture of Joe Louis, world's heavyweight champ,
who defends his title in a bout with Buddy Bacr Friday night in
Washington. This will be the Brown Bomber's 17th defense of his
title.

THIS IS A RECENT picture of Joe Louis, world's heavyweight champ,
who defends his title in a bout with Buddy Bacr Friday night in
Washington. This will be the Brown Bomber's 17th defense of his
title.
