# Preview
## 
### 
Friday
News

President Gerhard Casper will deliver his final
State of the University address tomorrow, as
this is his last year. News will have full cover
age of student and faculty reactions to the ini
tiatives that President Casper unveils in his
speech.
Friday
News

President Gerhard Casper will deliver his final
State of the University address tomorrow, as
this is his last year. News will have full cover
age of student and faculty reactions to the ini
tiatives that President Casper unveils in his
speech.
Friday
News

President Gerhard Casper will deliver his final
State of the University address tomorrow, as
this is his last year. News will have full cover
age of student and faculty reactions to the ini
tiatives that President Casper unveils in his
speech.
Friday
News

President Gerhard Casper will deliver his final
State of the University address tomorrow, as
this is his last year. News will have full cover
age of student and faculty reactions to the ini
tiatives that President Casper unveils in his
speech.
Friday
News

President Gerhard Casper will deliver his final
State of the University address tomorrow, as
this is his last year. News will have full cover
age of student and faculty reactions to the ini
tiatives that President Casper unveils in his
speech.
Friday
News

President Gerhard Casper will deliver his final
State of the University address tomorrow, as
this is his last year. News will have full cover
age of student and faculty reactions to the ini
tiatives that President Casper unveils in his
speech.
