# True Blue Crew
## 
### 

▼
Photo by Bruce Howard

The Stanford crew swept every division of the
Dolphin Invitational Regatta at Lake Merced last
weekend. Stanford's varsity boat, in the lead In
this picture, went on to win by eight lengths.
Stanford's JV boat beat St. Mary's handily, and
the Stanford frosh finished 1-2.

▼
Photo by Bruce Howard

The Stanford crew swept every division of the
Dolphin Invitational Regatta at Lake Merced last
weekend. Stanford's varsity boat, in the lead In
this picture, went on to win by eight lengths.
Stanford's JV boat beat St. Mary's handily, and
the Stanford frosh finished 1-2.

▼
Photo by Bruce Howard

The Stanford crew swept every division of the
Dolphin Invitational Regatta at Lake Merced last
weekend. Stanford's varsity boat, in the lead In
this picture, went on to win by eight lengths.
Stanford's JV boat beat St. Mary's handily, and
the Stanford frosh finished 1-2.

▼
Photo by Bruce Howard

The Stanford crew swept every division of the
Dolphin Invitational Regatta at Lake Merced last
weekend. Stanford's varsity boat, in the lead In
this picture, went on to win by eight lengths.
Stanford's JV boat beat St. Mary's handily, and
the Stanford frosh finished 1-2.

▼
Photo by Bruce Howard

The Stanford crew swept every division of the
Dolphin Invitational Regatta at Lake Merced last
weekend. Stanford's varsity boat, in the lead In
this picture, went on to win by eight lengths.
Stanford's JV boat beat St. Mary's handily, and
the Stanford frosh finished 1-2.

▼
Photo by Bruce Howard

The Stanford crew swept every division of the
Dolphin Invitational Regatta at Lake Merced last
weekend. Stanford's varsity boat, in the lead In
this picture, went on to win by eight lengths.
Stanford's JV boat beat St. Mary's handily, and
the Stanford frosh finished 1-2.

▼
Photo by Bruce Howard

The Stanford crew swept every division of the
Dolphin Invitational Regatta at Lake Merced last
weekend. Stanford's varsity boat, in the lead In
this picture, went on to win by eight lengths.
Stanford's JV boat beat St. Mary's handily, and
the Stanford frosh finished 1-2.

▼
Photo by Bruce Howard

The Stanford crew swept every division of the
Dolphin Invitational Regatta at Lake Merced last
weekend. Stanford's varsity boat, in the lead In
this picture, went on to win by eight lengths.
Stanford's JV boat beat St. Mary's handily, and
the Stanford frosh finished 1-2.

▼
Photo by Bruce Howard

The Stanford crew swept every division of the
Dolphin Invitational Regatta at Lake Merced last
weekend. Stanford's varsity boat, in the lead In
this picture, went on to win by eight lengths.
Stanford's JV boat beat St. Mary's handily, and
the Stanford frosh finished 1-2.

▼
Photo by Bruce Howard

The Stanford crew swept every division of the
Dolphin Invitational Regatta at Lake Merced last
weekend. Stanford's varsity boat, in the lead In
this picture, went on to win by eight lengths.
Stanford's JV boat beat St. Mary's handily, and
the Stanford frosh finished 1-2.

▼
Photo by Bruce Howard

The Stanford crew swept every division of the
Dolphin Invitational Regatta at Lake Merced last
weekend. Stanford's varsity boat, in the lead In
this picture, went on to win by eight lengths.
Stanford's JV boat beat St. Mary's handily, and
the Stanford frosh finished 1-2.

▼
Photo by Bruce Howard

The Stanford crew swept every division of the
Dolphin Invitational Regatta at Lake Merced last
weekend. Stanford's varsity boat, in the lead In
this picture, went on to win by eight lengths.
Stanford's JV boat beat St. Mary's handily, and
the Stanford frosh finished 1-2.

▼
Photo by Bruce Howard

The Stanford crew swept every division of the
Dolphin Invitational Regatta at Lake Merced last
weekend. Stanford's varsity boat, in the lead In
this picture, went on to win by eight lengths.
Stanford's JV boat beat St. Mary's handily, and
the Stanford frosh finished 1-2.

▼
Photo by Bruce Howard

The Stanford crew swept every division of the
Dolphin Invitational Regatta at Lake Merced last
weekend. Stanford's varsity boat, in the lead In
this picture, went on to win by eight lengths.
Stanford's JV boat beat St. Mary's handily, and
the Stanford frosh finished 1-2.

▼
Photo by Bruce Howard

The Stanford crew swept every division of the
Dolphin Invitational Regatta at Lake Merced last
weekend. Stanford's varsity boat, in the lead In
this picture, went on to win by eight lengths.
Stanford's JV boat beat St. Mary's handily, and
the Stanford frosh finished 1-2.
