# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
Good
Luck to
Stanford
Varsity
And if those Indians
win—and you burn
up ai! your furniture
celebrating — for
new furniture
REMEMBER
Ph. P.A. 2-6249
405 California
Good
Luck to
Stanford
Varsity
And if those Indians
win—and you burn
up ai! your furniture
celebrating — for
new furniture
REMEMBER
Ph. P.A. 2-6249
405 California
Good
Luck to
Stanford
Varsity
And if those Indians
win—and you burn
up ai! your furniture
celebrating — for
new furniture
REMEMBER
Ph. P.A. 2-6249
405 California
Good
Luck to
Stanford
Varsity
And if those Indians
win—and you burn
up ai! your furniture
celebrating — for
new furniture
REMEMBER
Ph. P.A. 2-6249
405 California
Good
Luck to
Stanford
Varsity
And if those Indians
win—and you burn
up ai! your furniture
celebrating — for
new furniture
REMEMBER
Ph. P.A. 2-6249
405 California
Good
Luck to
Stanford
Varsity
And if those Indians
win—and you burn
up ai! your furniture
celebrating — for
new furniture
REMEMBER
Ph. P.A. 2-6249
405 California
Good
Luck to
Stanford
Varsity
And if those Indians
win—and you burn
up ai! your furniture
celebrating — for
new furniture
REMEMBER
Ph. P.A. 2-6249
405 California
Good
Luck to
Stanford
Varsity
And if those Indians
win—and you burn
up ai! your furniture
celebrating — for
new furniture
REMEMBER
Ph. P.A. 2-6249
405 California
Good
Luck to
Stanford
Varsity
And if those Indians
win—and you burn
up ai! your furniture
celebrating — for
new furniture
REMEMBER
Ph. P.A. 2-6249
405 California
Good
Luck to
Stanford
Varsity
And if those Indians
win—and you burn
up ai! your furniture
celebrating — for
new furniture
REMEMBER
Ph. P.A. 2-6249
405 California
Good
Luck to
Stanford
Varsity
And if those Indians
win—and you burn
up ai! your furniture
celebrating — for
new furniture
REMEMBER
Ph. P.A. 2-6249
405 California
Good
Luck to
Stanford
Varsity
And if those Indians
win—and you burn
up ai! your furniture
celebrating — for
new furniture
REMEMBER
Ph. P.A. 2-6249
405 California
Good
Luck to
Stanford
Varsity
And if those Indians
win—and you burn
up ai! your furniture
celebrating — for
new furniture
REMEMBER
Ph. P.A. 2-6249
405 California
Good
Luck to
Stanford
Varsity
And if those Indians
win—and you burn
up ai! your furniture
celebrating — for
new furniture
REMEMBER
Ph. P.A. 2-6249
405 California
Good
Luck to
Stanford
Varsity
And if those Indians
win—and you burn
up ai! your furniture
celebrating — for
new furniture
REMEMBER
Ph. P.A. 2-6249
405 California
Good
Luck to
Stanford
Varsity
And if those Indians
win—and you burn
up ai! your furniture
celebrating — for
new furniture
REMEMBER
Ph. P.A. 2-6249
405 California
