# FARM BASKETBALL MONDAY
## 
### 
Games next Monday and Tuesday
nights will open Stanford's 1947-
48 basketball.
Monday night the Indians take on
an alumni team, and the next even
ing, the Olympic Club provides the
opposition.
The Frosh will meet the Reserves
in preliminary games both nights.
Games next Monday and Tuesday
nights will open Stanford's 1947-
48 basketball.
Monday night the Indians take on
an alumni team, and the next even
ing, the Olympic Club provides the
opposition.
The Frosh will meet the Reserves
in preliminary games both nights.
Games next Monday and Tuesday
nights will open Stanford's 1947-
48 basketball.
Monday night the Indians take on
an alumni team, and the next even
ing, the Olympic Club provides the
opposition.
The Frosh will meet the Reserves
in preliminary games both nights.
Games next Monday and Tuesday
nights will open Stanford's 1947-
48 basketball.
Monday night the Indians take on
an alumni team, and the next even
ing, the Olympic Club provides the
opposition.
The Frosh will meet the Reserves
in preliminary games both nights.
Games next Monday and Tuesday
nights will open Stanford's 1947-
48 basketball.
Monday night the Indians take on
an alumni team, and the next even
ing, the Olympic Club provides the
opposition.
The Frosh will meet the Reserves
in preliminary games both nights.
Games next Monday and Tuesday
nights will open Stanford's 1947-
48 basketball.
Monday night the Indians take on
an alumni team, and the next even
ing, the Olympic Club provides the
opposition.
The Frosh will meet the Reserves
in preliminary games both nights.
Games next Monday and Tuesday
nights will open Stanford's 1947-
48 basketball.
Monday night the Indians take on
an alumni team, and the next even
ing, the Olympic Club provides the
opposition.
The Frosh will meet the Reserves
in preliminary games both nights.
Games next Monday and Tuesday
nights will open Stanford's 1947-
48 basketball.
Monday night the Indians take on
an alumni team, and the next even
ing, the Olympic Club provides the
opposition.
The Frosh will meet the Reserves
in preliminary games both nights.
Games next Monday and Tuesday
nights will open Stanford's 1947-
48 basketball.
Monday night the Indians take on
an alumni team, and the next even
ing, the Olympic Club provides the
opposition.
The Frosh will meet the Reserves
in preliminary games both nights.
Games next Monday and Tuesday
nights will open Stanford's 1947-
48 basketball.
Monday night the Indians take on
an alumni team, and the next even
ing, the Olympic Club provides the
opposition.
The Frosh will meet the Reserves
in preliminary games both nights.
Games next Monday and Tuesday
nights will open Stanford's 1947-
48 basketball.
Monday night the Indians take on
an alumni team, and the next even
ing, the Olympic Club provides the
opposition.
The Frosh will meet the Reserves
in preliminary games both nights.
Games next Monday and Tuesday
nights will open Stanford's 1947-
48 basketball.
Monday night the Indians take on
an alumni team, and the next even
ing, the Olympic Club provides the
opposition.
The Frosh will meet the Reserves
in preliminary games both nights.
Games next Monday and Tuesday
nights will open Stanford's 1947-
48 basketball.
Monday night the Indians take on
an alumni team, and the next even
ing, the Olympic Club provides the
opposition.
The Frosh will meet the Reserves
in preliminary games both nights.
Games next Monday and Tuesday
nights will open Stanford's 1947-
48 basketball.
Monday night the Indians take on
an alumni team, and the next even
ing, the Olympic Club provides the
opposition.
The Frosh will meet the Reserves
in preliminary games both nights.
Games next Monday and Tuesday
nights will open Stanford's 1947-
48 basketball.
Monday night the Indians take on
an alumni team, and the next even
ing, the Olympic Club provides the
opposition.
The Frosh will meet the Reserves
in preliminary games both nights.
Games next Monday and Tuesday
nights will open Stanford's 1947-
48 basketball.
Monday night the Indians take on
an alumni team, and the next even
ing, the Olympic Club provides the
opposition.
The Frosh will meet the Reserves
in preliminary games both nights.
