# UN-AMERICAN COMMITTEE
## 
### 
In a joint meeting Tuesday night
of the International Discussion
Group and the Debating Society,
the House Un - American Affairs
Committee was debated and dis
cussed.
The proposition was, "Resolved,
that this house disapproves of the
House Un-American Affairs Com
mittee."
Erskine Childers, representing the
IDG, welcomed members of the De
bating Socicty to the meeting.
In a joint meeting Tuesday night
of the International Discussion
Group and the Debating Society,
the House Un - American Affairs
Committee was debated and dis
cussed.
The proposition was, "Resolved,
that this house disapproves of the
House Un-American Affairs Com
mittee."
Erskine Childers, representing the
IDG, welcomed members of the De
bating Socicty to the meeting.
In a joint meeting Tuesday night
of the International Discussion
Group and the Debating Society,
the House Un - American Affairs
Committee was debated and dis
cussed.
The proposition was, "Resolved,
that this house disapproves of the
House Un-American Affairs Com
mittee."
Erskine Childers, representing the
IDG, welcomed members of the De
bating Socicty to the meeting.
In a joint meeting Tuesday night
of the International Discussion
Group and the Debating Society,
the House Un - American Affairs
Committee was debated and dis
cussed.
The proposition was, "Resolved,
that this house disapproves of the
House Un-American Affairs Com
mittee."
Erskine Childers, representing the
IDG, welcomed members of the De
bating Socicty to the meeting.
In a joint meeting Tuesday night
of the International Discussion
Group and the Debating Society,
the House Un - American Affairs
Committee was debated and dis
cussed.
The proposition was, "Resolved,
that this house disapproves of the
House Un-American Affairs Com
mittee."
Erskine Childers, representing the
IDG, welcomed members of the De
bating Socicty to the meeting.
In a joint meeting Tuesday night
of the International Discussion
Group and the Debating Society,
the House Un - American Affairs
Committee was debated and dis
cussed.
The proposition was, "Resolved,
that this house disapproves of the
House Un-American Affairs Com
mittee."
Erskine Childers, representing the
IDG, welcomed members of the De
bating Socicty to the meeting.
In a joint meeting Tuesday night
of the International Discussion
Group and the Debating Society,
the House Un - American Affairs
Committee was debated and dis
cussed.
The proposition was, "Resolved,
that this house disapproves of the
House Un-American Affairs Com
mittee."
Erskine Childers, representing the
IDG, welcomed members of the De
bating Socicty to the meeting.
In a joint meeting Tuesday night
of the International Discussion
Group and the Debating Society,
the House Un - American Affairs
Committee was debated and dis
cussed.
The proposition was, "Resolved,
that this house disapproves of the
House Un-American Affairs Com
mittee."
Erskine Childers, representing the
IDG, welcomed members of the De
bating Socicty to the meeting.
In a joint meeting Tuesday night
of the International Discussion
Group and the Debating Society,
the House Un - American Affairs
Committee was debated and dis
cussed.
The proposition was, "Resolved,
that this house disapproves of the
House Un-American Affairs Com
mittee."
Erskine Childers, representing the
IDG, welcomed members of the De
bating Socicty to the meeting.
In a joint meeting Tuesday night
of the International Discussion
Group and the Debating Society,
the House Un - American Affairs
Committee was debated and dis
cussed.
The proposition was, "Resolved,
that this house disapproves of the
House Un-American Affairs Com
mittee."
Erskine Childers, representing the
IDG, welcomed members of the De
bating Socicty to the meeting.
In a joint meeting Tuesday night
of the International Discussion
Group and the Debating Society,
the House Un - American Affairs
Committee was debated and dis
cussed.
The proposition was, "Resolved,
that this house disapproves of the
House Un-American Affairs Com
mittee."
Erskine Childers, representing the
IDG, welcomed members of the De
bating Socicty to the meeting.
In a joint meeting Tuesday night
of the International Discussion
Group and the Debating Society,
the House Un - American Affairs
Committee was debated and dis
cussed.
The proposition was, "Resolved,
that this house disapproves of the
House Un-American Affairs Com
mittee."
Erskine Childers, representing the
IDG, welcomed members of the De
bating Socicty to the meeting.
In a joint meeting Tuesday night
of the International Discussion
Group and the Debating Society,
the House Un - American Affairs
Committee was debated and dis
cussed.
The proposition was, "Resolved,
that this house disapproves of the
House Un-American Affairs Com
mittee."
Erskine Childers, representing the
IDG, welcomed members of the De
bating Socicty to the meeting.
In a joint meeting Tuesday night
of the International Discussion
Group and the Debating Society,
the House Un - American Affairs
Committee was debated and dis
cussed.
The proposition was, "Resolved,
that this house disapproves of the
House Un-American Affairs Com
mittee."
Erskine Childers, representing the
IDG, welcomed members of the De
bating Socicty to the meeting.
In a joint meeting Tuesday night
of the International Discussion
Group and the Debating Society,
the House Un - American Affairs
Committee was debated and dis
cussed.
The proposition was, "Resolved,
that this house disapproves of the
House Un-American Affairs Com
mittee."
Erskine Childers, representing the
IDG, welcomed members of the De
bating Socicty to the meeting.
In a joint meeting Tuesday night
of the International Discussion
Group and the Debating Society,
the House Un - American Affairs
Committee was debated and dis
cussed.
The proposition was, "Resolved,
that this house disapproves of the
House Un-American Affairs Com
mittee."
Erskine Childers, representing the
IDG, welcomed members of the De
bating Socicty to the meeting.
