# OREGON STATE UNDERDOG
## 
### 
CORVALUS. Ore., Nov. 20 (UP).
—Definitely established in their fa
vorite role as underdogs for Sat
urday's game against Oregon, the
Oregon State Beavers held a snappy
drill here today.
CORVALUS. Ore., Nov. 20 (UP).
—Definitely established in their fa
vorite role as underdogs for Sat
urday's game against Oregon, the
Oregon State Beavers held a snappy
drill here today.
CORVALUS. Ore., Nov. 20 (UP).
—Definitely established in their fa
vorite role as underdogs for Sat
urday's game against Oregon, the
Oregon State Beavers held a snappy
drill here today.
CORVALUS. Ore., Nov. 20 (UP).
—Definitely established in their fa
vorite role as underdogs for Sat
urday's game against Oregon, the
Oregon State Beavers held a snappy
drill here today.
CORVALUS. Ore., Nov. 20 (UP).
—Definitely established in their fa
vorite role as underdogs for Sat
urday's game against Oregon, the
Oregon State Beavers held a snappy
drill here today.
CORVALUS. Ore., Nov. 20 (UP).
—Definitely established in their fa
vorite role as underdogs for Sat
urday's game against Oregon, the
Oregon State Beavers held a snappy
drill here today.
CORVALUS. Ore., Nov. 20 (UP).
—Definitely established in their fa
vorite role as underdogs for Sat
urday's game against Oregon, the
Oregon State Beavers held a snappy
drill here today.
CORVALUS. Ore., Nov. 20 (UP).
—Definitely established in their fa
vorite role as underdogs for Sat
urday's game against Oregon, the
Oregon State Beavers held a snappy
drill here today.
CORVALUS. Ore., Nov. 20 (UP).
—Definitely established in their fa
vorite role as underdogs for Sat
urday's game against Oregon, the
Oregon State Beavers held a snappy
drill here today.
CORVALUS. Ore., Nov. 20 (UP).
—Definitely established in their fa
vorite role as underdogs for Sat
urday's game against Oregon, the
Oregon State Beavers held a snappy
drill here today.
CORVALUS. Ore., Nov. 20 (UP).
—Definitely established in their fa
vorite role as underdogs for Sat
urday's game against Oregon, the
Oregon State Beavers held a snappy
drill here today.
CORVALUS. Ore., Nov. 20 (UP).
—Definitely established in their fa
vorite role as underdogs for Sat
urday's game against Oregon, the
Oregon State Beavers held a snappy
drill here today.
CORVALUS. Ore., Nov. 20 (UP).
—Definitely established in their fa
vorite role as underdogs for Sat
urday's game against Oregon, the
Oregon State Beavers held a snappy
drill here today.
CORVALUS. Ore., Nov. 20 (UP).
—Definitely established in their fa
vorite role as underdogs for Sat
urday's game against Oregon, the
Oregon State Beavers held a snappy
drill here today.
CORVALUS. Ore., Nov. 20 (UP).
—Definitely established in their fa
vorite role as underdogs for Sat
urday's game against Oregon, the
Oregon State Beavers held a snappy
drill here today.
CORVALUS. Ore., Nov. 20 (UP).
—Definitely established in their fa
vorite role as underdogs for Sat
urday's game against Oregon, the
Oregon State Beavers held a snappy
drill here today.
