# CARTOONIST
## 
### 
Caricatures of Lynn Waldorf
and Marchie Schwartz on this
page were drawn by Andrew
Syka, a Stanford student.
Caricatures of Lynn Waldorf
and Marchie Schwartz on this
page were drawn by Andrew
Syka, a Stanford student.
Caricatures of Lynn Waldorf
and Marchie Schwartz on this
page were drawn by Andrew
Syka, a Stanford student.
Caricatures of Lynn Waldorf
and Marchie Schwartz on this
page were drawn by Andrew
Syka, a Stanford student.
Caricatures of Lynn Waldorf
and Marchie Schwartz on this
page were drawn by Andrew
Syka, a Stanford student.
Caricatures of Lynn Waldorf
and Marchie Schwartz on this
page were drawn by Andrew
Syka, a Stanford student.
Caricatures of Lynn Waldorf
and Marchie Schwartz on this
page were drawn by Andrew
Syka, a Stanford student.
Caricatures of Lynn Waldorf
and Marchie Schwartz on this
page were drawn by Andrew
Syka, a Stanford student.
Caricatures of Lynn Waldorf
and Marchie Schwartz on this
page were drawn by Andrew
Syka, a Stanford student.
Caricatures of Lynn Waldorf
and Marchie Schwartz on this
page were drawn by Andrew
Syka, a Stanford student.
Caricatures of Lynn Waldorf
and Marchie Schwartz on this
page were drawn by Andrew
Syka, a Stanford student.
Caricatures of Lynn Waldorf
and Marchie Schwartz on this
page were drawn by Andrew
Syka, a Stanford student.
Caricatures of Lynn Waldorf
and Marchie Schwartz on this
page were drawn by Andrew
Syka, a Stanford student.
Caricatures of Lynn Waldorf
and Marchie Schwartz on this
page were drawn by Andrew
Syka, a Stanford student.
Caricatures of Lynn Waldorf
and Marchie Schwartz on this
page were drawn by Andrew
Syka, a Stanford student.
Caricatures of Lynn Waldorf
and Marchie Schwartz on this
page were drawn by Andrew
Syka, a Stanford student.
