# "The Turn of the Screw" Is Subject of Reading
## 
### 
"The Turn of the Screw," by Henry
James, was ready by Mrs. J. S. P. Tat
lock at the Wednesday informal reading
hour. Although the novels of the late
author are not understood by a great
number of people, his short stories are
widely appreciated.
"The Turn of the Screw," by Henry
James, was ready by Mrs. J. S. P. Tat
lock at the Wednesday informal reading
hour. Although the novels of the late
author are not understood by a great
number of people, his short stories are
widely appreciated.
"The Turn of the Screw," by Henry
James, was ready by Mrs. J. S. P. Tat
lock at the Wednesday informal reading
hour. Although the novels of the late
author are not understood by a great
number of people, his short stories are
widely appreciated.
"The Turn of the Screw," by Henry
James, was ready by Mrs. J. S. P. Tat
lock at the Wednesday informal reading
hour. Although the novels of the late
author are not understood by a great
number of people, his short stories are
widely appreciated.
"The Turn of the Screw," by Henry
James, was ready by Mrs. J. S. P. Tat
lock at the Wednesday informal reading
hour. Although the novels of the late
author are not understood by a great
number of people, his short stories are
widely appreciated.
"The Turn of the Screw," by Henry
James, was ready by Mrs. J. S. P. Tat
lock at the Wednesday informal reading
hour. Although the novels of the late
author are not understood by a great
number of people, his short stories are
widely appreciated.
"The Turn of the Screw," by Henry
James, was ready by Mrs. J. S. P. Tat
lock at the Wednesday informal reading
hour. Although the novels of the late
author are not understood by a great
number of people, his short stories are
widely appreciated.
"The Turn of the Screw," by Henry
James, was ready by Mrs. J. S. P. Tat
lock at the Wednesday informal reading
hour. Although the novels of the late
author are not understood by a great
number of people, his short stories are
widely appreciated.
"The Turn of the Screw," by Henry
James, was ready by Mrs. J. S. P. Tat
lock at the Wednesday informal reading
hour. Although the novels of the late
author are not understood by a great
number of people, his short stories are
widely appreciated.
"The Turn of the Screw," by Henry
James, was ready by Mrs. J. S. P. Tat
lock at the Wednesday informal reading
hour. Although the novels of the late
author are not understood by a great
number of people, his short stories are
widely appreciated.
"The Turn of the Screw," by Henry
James, was ready by Mrs. J. S. P. Tat
lock at the Wednesday informal reading
hour. Although the novels of the late
author are not understood by a great
number of people, his short stories are
widely appreciated.
"The Turn of the Screw," by Henry
James, was ready by Mrs. J. S. P. Tat
lock at the Wednesday informal reading
hour. Although the novels of the late
author are not understood by a great
number of people, his short stories are
widely appreciated.
"The Turn of the Screw," by Henry
James, was ready by Mrs. J. S. P. Tat
lock at the Wednesday informal reading
hour. Although the novels of the late
author are not understood by a great
number of people, his short stories are
widely appreciated.
