# First Doubles Match Is Played.
## 
### 
The first doubles match of (he wo
men's tennis tournament that is being
played among the members of the
Freshman class was finished Satur
day. Miss K. Fletcher and Miss D.
Kindle defeated Miss H. Green and
Miss M. Atwood by the score 0-3; 6-3.
The first doubles match of (he wo
men's tennis tournament that is being
played among the members of the
Freshman class was finished Satur
day. Miss K. Fletcher and Miss D.
Kindle defeated Miss H. Green and
Miss M. Atwood by the score 0-3; 6-3.
The first doubles match of (he wo
men's tennis tournament that is being
played among the members of the
Freshman class was finished Satur
day. Miss K. Fletcher and Miss D.
Kindle defeated Miss H. Green and
Miss M. Atwood by the score 0-3; 6-3.
The first doubles match of (he wo
men's tennis tournament that is being
played among the members of the
Freshman class was finished Satur
day. Miss K. Fletcher and Miss D.
Kindle defeated Miss H. Green and
Miss M. Atwood by the score 0-3; 6-3.
The first doubles match of (he wo
men's tennis tournament that is being
played among the members of the
Freshman class was finished Satur
day. Miss K. Fletcher and Miss D.
Kindle defeated Miss H. Green and
Miss M. Atwood by the score 0-3; 6-3.
The first doubles match of (he wo
men's tennis tournament that is being
played among the members of the
Freshman class was finished Satur
day. Miss K. Fletcher and Miss D.
Kindle defeated Miss H. Green and
Miss M. Atwood by the score 0-3; 6-3.
The first doubles match of (he wo
men's tennis tournament that is being
played among the members of the
Freshman class was finished Satur
day. Miss K. Fletcher and Miss D.
Kindle defeated Miss H. Green and
Miss M. Atwood by the score 0-3; 6-3.
The first doubles match of (he wo
men's tennis tournament that is being
played among the members of the
Freshman class was finished Satur
day. Miss K. Fletcher and Miss D.
Kindle defeated Miss H. Green and
Miss M. Atwood by the score 0-3; 6-3.
The first doubles match of (he wo
men's tennis tournament that is being
played among the members of the
Freshman class was finished Satur
day. Miss K. Fletcher and Miss D.
Kindle defeated Miss H. Green and
Miss M. Atwood by the score 0-3; 6-3.
The first doubles match of (he wo
men's tennis tournament that is being
played among the members of the
Freshman class was finished Satur
day. Miss K. Fletcher and Miss D.
Kindle defeated Miss H. Green and
Miss M. Atwood by the score 0-3; 6-3.
The first doubles match of (he wo
men's tennis tournament that is being
played among the members of the
Freshman class was finished Satur
day. Miss K. Fletcher and Miss D.
Kindle defeated Miss H. Green and
Miss M. Atwood by the score 0-3; 6-3.
