# Men's Glee Club To Sing Sunday
## 
### 
The Stanford Glee Club will
present a concert Sunday at 4
p.m. in Cubber ley Auditorium.
Admission is free.
The program will include "Wi
dersprunch" by Schubert. "O Bone
â€¢lesu" by Palestrina, and the folk
songs "Erie Canal' 'and "Hide the
Chariot."
The club will sing college songs
including "The Halls <>! Ivy" by
Russel, "A Medley of College
Songs" arranged by I'ormer Glee
Club director Edouard Firner, and
"Alma Mater" arranged by Jon
Elkus, graduate student in music.
The Glee Club, now in its second
successful year, was organized in
the spring of 1956 hv Joe Lerner
and Rill Wren. The group of 30
members came together last year
and ended their work with a con
cert last spring. The group be
came affiliated with the Music
Department last autumn,
