# Frosh Swimmers Home Tomorrow
## 
### 
The Stanford frosh swimming
team will meet the Arden Hills
Swimming Club at the Stanford
pools tomorrow morning at 11.
The Stanford frosh swimming
team will meet the Arden Hills
Swimming Club at the Stanford
pools tomorrow morning at 11.
The Stanford frosh swimming
team will meet the Arden Hills
Swimming Club at the Stanford
pools tomorrow morning at 11.
The Stanford frosh swimming
team will meet the Arden Hills
Swimming Club at the Stanford
pools tomorrow morning at 11.
The Stanford frosh swimming
team will meet the Arden Hills
Swimming Club at the Stanford
pools tomorrow morning at 11.
The Stanford frosh swimming
team will meet the Arden Hills
Swimming Club at the Stanford
pools tomorrow morning at 11.
The Stanford frosh swimming
team will meet the Arden Hills
Swimming Club at the Stanford
pools tomorrow morning at 11.
The Stanford frosh swimming
team will meet the Arden Hills
Swimming Club at the Stanford
pools tomorrow morning at 11.
The Stanford frosh swimming
team will meet the Arden Hills
Swimming Club at the Stanford
pools tomorrow morning at 11.
The Stanford frosh swimming
team will meet the Arden Hills
Swimming Club at the Stanford
pools tomorrow morning at 11.
The Stanford frosh swimming
team will meet the Arden Hills
Swimming Club at the Stanford
pools tomorrow morning at 11.
The Stanford frosh swimming
team will meet the Arden Hills
Swimming Club at the Stanford
pools tomorrow morning at 11.
The Stanford frosh swimming
team will meet the Arden Hills
Swimming Club at the Stanford
pools tomorrow morning at 11.
The Stanford frosh swimming
team will meet the Arden Hills
Swimming Club at the Stanford
pools tomorrow morning at 11.
The Stanford frosh swimming
team will meet the Arden Hills
Swimming Club at the Stanford
pools tomorrow morning at 11.
The Stanford frosh swimming
team will meet the Arden Hills
Swimming Club at the Stanford
pools tomorrow morning at 11.
