# DEATH TOTAL MOUNTS
## 
### 
TOKYO, Feb. 7 (/P).-Two army
aviators were killed when their

training plane collapsed in midair
today, bringing to six the total of
army and navy flyers killed in three
accidents in the last three days.
TOKYO, Feb. 7 (/P).-Two army
aviators were killed when their

training plane collapsed in midair
today, bringing to six the total of
army and navy flyers killed in three
accidents in the last three days.
TOKYO, Feb. 7 (/P).-Two army
aviators were killed when their

training plane collapsed in midair
today, bringing to six the total of
army and navy flyers killed in three
accidents in the last three days.
TOKYO, Feb. 7 (/P).-Two army
aviators were killed when their

training plane collapsed in midair
today, bringing to six the total of
army and navy flyers killed in three
accidents in the last three days.
TOKYO, Feb. 7 (/P).-Two army
aviators were killed when their

training plane collapsed in midair
today, bringing to six the total of
army and navy flyers killed in three
accidents in the last three days.
TOKYO, Feb. 7 (/P).-Two army
aviators were killed when their

training plane collapsed in midair
today, bringing to six the total of
army and navy flyers killed in three
accidents in the last three days.
TOKYO, Feb. 7 (/P).-Two army
aviators were killed when their

training plane collapsed in midair
today, bringing to six the total of
army and navy flyers killed in three
accidents in the last three days.
TOKYO, Feb. 7 (/P).-Two army
aviators were killed when their

training plane collapsed in midair
today, bringing to six the total of
army and navy flyers killed in three
accidents in the last three days.
TOKYO, Feb. 7 (/P).-Two army
aviators were killed when their

training plane collapsed in midair
today, bringing to six the total of
army and navy flyers killed in three
accidents in the last three days.
TOKYO, Feb. 7 (/P).-Two army
aviators were killed when their

training plane collapsed in midair
today, bringing to six the total of
army and navy flyers killed in three
accidents in the last three days.
TOKYO, Feb. 7 (/P).-Two army
aviators were killed when their

training plane collapsed in midair
today, bringing to six the total of
army and navy flyers killed in three
accidents in the last three days.
TOKYO, Feb. 7 (/P).-Two army
aviators were killed when their

training plane collapsed in midair
today, bringing to six the total of
army and navy flyers killed in three
accidents in the last three days.
TOKYO, Feb. 7 (/P).-Two army
aviators were killed when their

training plane collapsed in midair
today, bringing to six the total of
army and navy flyers killed in three
accidents in the last three days.
TOKYO, Feb. 7 (/P).-Two army
aviators were killed when their

training plane collapsed in midair
today, bringing to six the total of
army and navy flyers killed in three
accidents in the last three days.
TOKYO, Feb. 7 (/P).-Two army
aviators were killed when their

training plane collapsed in midair
today, bringing to six the total of
army and navy flyers killed in three
accidents in the last three days.
