# ALPHA () PLEDGE
## 
### 
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
j pledging of Betty McCoy, '38.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
j pledging of Betty McCoy, '38.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
j pledging of Betty McCoy, '38.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
j pledging of Betty McCoy, '38.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
j pledging of Betty McCoy, '38.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
j pledging of Betty McCoy, '38.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
j pledging of Betty McCoy, '38.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
j pledging of Betty McCoy, '38.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
j pledging of Betty McCoy, '38.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
j pledging of Betty McCoy, '38.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
j pledging of Betty McCoy, '38.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
j pledging of Betty McCoy, '38.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
j pledging of Betty McCoy, '38.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
j pledging of Betty McCoy, '38.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
j pledging of Betty McCoy, '38.
