# QUEEN VISITS SNOWY DOMAIN
## 
### 

Mildred Vahl of Portland, Ore., and Francis E. Williamson, director
of recreation of the Mt. Hood national forest, inspect her country
where she rules the winter sports of the region. (Associated Press
*hoto)

Mildred Vahl of Portland, Ore., and Francis E. Williamson, director
of recreation of the Mt. Hood national forest, inspect her country
where she rules the winter sports of the region. (Associated Press
*hoto)

Mildred Vahl of Portland, Ore., and Francis E. Williamson, director
of recreation of the Mt. Hood national forest, inspect her country
where she rules the winter sports of the region. (Associated Press
*hoto)

Mildred Vahl of Portland, Ore., and Francis E. Williamson, director
of recreation of the Mt. Hood national forest, inspect her country
where she rules the winter sports of the region. (Associated Press
*hoto)

Mildred Vahl of Portland, Ore., and Francis E. Williamson, director
of recreation of the Mt. Hood national forest, inspect her country
where she rules the winter sports of the region. (Associated Press
*hoto)

Mildred Vahl of Portland, Ore., and Francis E. Williamson, director
of recreation of the Mt. Hood national forest, inspect her country
where she rules the winter sports of the region. (Associated Press
*hoto)

Mildred Vahl of Portland, Ore., and Francis E. Williamson, director
of recreation of the Mt. Hood national forest, inspect her country
where she rules the winter sports of the region. (Associated Press
*hoto)

Mildred Vahl of Portland, Ore., and Francis E. Williamson, director
of recreation of the Mt. Hood national forest, inspect her country
where she rules the winter sports of the region. (Associated Press
*hoto)

Mildred Vahl of Portland, Ore., and Francis E. Williamson, director
of recreation of the Mt. Hood national forest, inspect her country
where she rules the winter sports of the region. (Associated Press
*hoto)

Mildred Vahl of Portland, Ore., and Francis E. Williamson, director
of recreation of the Mt. Hood national forest, inspect her country
where she rules the winter sports of the region. (Associated Press
*hoto)

Mildred Vahl of Portland, Ore., and Francis E. Williamson, director
of recreation of the Mt. Hood national forest, inspect her country
where she rules the winter sports of the region. (Associated Press
*hoto)

Mildred Vahl of Portland, Ore., and Francis E. Williamson, director
of recreation of the Mt. Hood national forest, inspect her country
where she rules the winter sports of the region. (Associated Press
*hoto)

Mildred Vahl of Portland, Ore., and Francis E. Williamson, director
of recreation of the Mt. Hood national forest, inspect her country
where she rules the winter sports of the region. (Associated Press
*hoto)

Mildred Vahl of Portland, Ore., and Francis E. Williamson, director
of recreation of the Mt. Hood national forest, inspect her country
where she rules the winter sports of the region. (Associated Press
*hoto)

Mildred Vahl of Portland, Ore., and Francis E. Williamson, director
of recreation of the Mt. Hood national forest, inspect her country
where she rules the winter sports of the region. (Associated Press
*hoto)
