# Kilcline Gets L.S.J.U. Scholarship.
## 
### 
W. F. Kilcline, '15, of San Mateo,
Calif., has been made recipient of the
Iceland Stanford Junior University
scholarship. This scholarship, estab
lished by Mrs. Stanford in 1900, pays
the necessary expenses of its holder
throughout the undergraduate course.
W. F. Kilcline, '15, of San Mateo,
Calif., has been made recipient of the
Iceland Stanford Junior University
scholarship. This scholarship, estab
lished by Mrs. Stanford in 1900, pays
the necessary expenses of its holder
throughout the undergraduate course.
W. F. Kilcline, '15, of San Mateo,
Calif., has been made recipient of the
Iceland Stanford Junior University
scholarship. This scholarship, estab
lished by Mrs. Stanford in 1900, pays
the necessary expenses of its holder
throughout the undergraduate course.
W. F. Kilcline, '15, of San Mateo,
Calif., has been made recipient of the
Iceland Stanford Junior University
scholarship. This scholarship, estab
lished by Mrs. Stanford in 1900, pays
the necessary expenses of its holder
throughout the undergraduate course.
W. F. Kilcline, '15, of San Mateo,
Calif., has been made recipient of the
Iceland Stanford Junior University
scholarship. This scholarship, estab
lished by Mrs. Stanford in 1900, pays
the necessary expenses of its holder
throughout the undergraduate course.
W. F. Kilcline, '15, of San Mateo,
Calif., has been made recipient of the
Iceland Stanford Junior University
scholarship. This scholarship, estab
lished by Mrs. Stanford in 1900, pays
the necessary expenses of its holder
throughout the undergraduate course.
W. F. Kilcline, '15, of San Mateo,
Calif., has been made recipient of the
Iceland Stanford Junior University
scholarship. This scholarship, estab
lished by Mrs. Stanford in 1900, pays
the necessary expenses of its holder
throughout the undergraduate course.
W. F. Kilcline, '15, of San Mateo,
Calif., has been made recipient of the
Iceland Stanford Junior University
scholarship. This scholarship, estab
lished by Mrs. Stanford in 1900, pays
the necessary expenses of its holder
throughout the undergraduate course.
W. F. Kilcline, '15, of San Mateo,
Calif., has been made recipient of the
Iceland Stanford Junior University
scholarship. This scholarship, estab
lished by Mrs. Stanford in 1900, pays
the necessary expenses of its holder
throughout the undergraduate course.
W. F. Kilcline, '15, of San Mateo,
Calif., has been made recipient of the
Iceland Stanford Junior University
scholarship. This scholarship, estab
lished by Mrs. Stanford in 1900, pays
the necessary expenses of its holder
throughout the undergraduate course.
W. F. Kilcline, '15, of San Mateo,
Calif., has been made recipient of the
Iceland Stanford Junior University
scholarship. This scholarship, estab
lished by Mrs. Stanford in 1900, pays
the necessary expenses of its holder
throughout the undergraduate course.
W. F. Kilcline, '15, of San Mateo,
Calif., has been made recipient of the
Iceland Stanford Junior University
scholarship. This scholarship, estab
lished by Mrs. Stanford in 1900, pays
the necessary expenses of its holder
throughout the undergraduate course.
