# Athletic Committee Meeting.
## 
### 
At 1:30 this afternoon the Ath
letic Committee held a meeting in
room 10 of the quadrangle. The
question of using the oval for foot
ball practice came up for decision,
it was temporarily disposed of by
directing the football manager to
make an estimate of the ex [tenses
of laying out a new field. The
manager was also authorized to
collect all football trophies, which
will then be properly disposed of.
Another meeting is called for next
Friday.
At 1:30 this afternoon the Ath
letic Committee held a meeting in
room 10 of the quadrangle. The
question of using the oval for foot
ball practice came up for decision,
it was temporarily disposed of by
directing the football manager to
make an estimate of the ex [tenses
of laying out a new field. The
manager was also authorized to
collect all football trophies, which
will then be properly disposed of.
Another meeting is called for next
Friday.
At 1:30 this afternoon the Ath
letic Committee held a meeting in
room 10 of the quadrangle. The
question of using the oval for foot
ball practice came up for decision,
it was temporarily disposed of by
directing the football manager to
make an estimate of the ex [tenses
of laying out a new field. The
manager was also authorized to
collect all football trophies, which
will then be properly disposed of.
Another meeting is called for next
Friday.
At 1:30 this afternoon the Ath
letic Committee held a meeting in
room 10 of the quadrangle. The
question of using the oval for foot
ball practice came up for decision,
it was temporarily disposed of by
directing the football manager to
make an estimate of the ex [tenses
of laying out a new field. The
manager was also authorized to
collect all football trophies, which
will then be properly disposed of.
Another meeting is called for next
Friday.
