# Notice.
## 
### 
Gillette '97, Anfenger '96, Law
rence '96, and Pauly '98 are au
thorized to receive subscriptions
for the Daily Palo Alto. Those
intending to subscribe should do
so at once in order to make sure
of a complete file.
Geo. B. Wilson, Bus. Mgr.
Gillette '97, Anfenger '96, Law
rence '96, and Pauly '98 are au
thorized to receive subscriptions
for the Daily Palo Alto. Those
intending to subscribe should do
so at once in order to make sure
of a complete file.
Geo. B. Wilson, Bus. Mgr.
Gillette '97, Anfenger '96, Law
rence '96, and Pauly '98 are au
thorized to receive subscriptions
for the Daily Palo Alto. Those
intending to subscribe should do
so at once in order to make sure
of a complete file.
Geo. B. Wilson, Bus. Mgr.
Gillette '97, Anfenger '96, Law
rence '96, and Pauly '98 are au
thorized to receive subscriptions
for the Daily Palo Alto. Those
intending to subscribe should do
so at once in order to make sure
of a complete file.
Geo. B. Wilson, Bus. Mgr.
