# PEACE DISCUSSION IS LIVELY
## Colonel Glassford Speaks for Preparedness of Navy 
### 
Discussion at the meeting of the
Peace Conference yesterday after
noon took on more liveliness than at
any time to date. Colonel Glassford,
of the United States Army, gave his
scheme for the greater efficiency of
the American military. Chancellor
Jordan, Doctor Mez, and Mr. L. P.
Lochner stated the pacifiicist point
of view, showing that the mere cry
for preparedness leads nowhere un
less a definite policy is stated "For
what and against whom a country
should be prepared." The fact was
brought out that the United States in
the last fifteen years for this so
called preparedness has spent a half
billion dollars more than the total
value of the assessed property of the
state of California. And still we are
told that the country is not prepared.
The example of Germany shows that
mere preparedness does not insure
peace but may even cause war.
In the evening session Mr. Lochner
showed the influence of the armament
firms in the promotion of patriotism
and the war system for their own
private gain. He pointed out the fact
that the United States has been
cheated by the armament manufac
turers by selling armament at a
higher price at home than abroad.
Tonight's discussion will be con
cerning "Japanese-American Rela
tions," and will be led by Instructor
Y. chihashi.
Discussion at the meeting of the
Peace Conference yesterday after
noon took on more liveliness than at
any time to date. Colonel Glassford,
of the United States Army, gave his
scheme for the greater efficiency of
the American military. Chancellor
Jordan, Doctor Mez, and Mr. L. P.
Lochner stated the pacifiicist point
of view, showing that the mere cry
for preparedness leads nowhere un
less a definite policy is stated "For
what and against whom a country
should be prepared." The fact was
brought out that the United States in
the last fifteen years for this so
called preparedness has spent a half
billion dollars more than the total
value of the assessed property of the
state of California. And still we are
told that the country is not prepared.
The example of Germany shows that
mere preparedness does not insure
peace but may even cause war.
In the evening session Mr. Lochner
showed the influence of the armament
firms in the promotion of patriotism
and the war system for their own
private gain. He pointed out the fact
that the United States has been
cheated by the armament manufac
turers by selling armament at a
higher price at home than abroad.
Tonight's discussion will be con
cerning "Japanese-American Rela
tions," and will be led by Instructor
Y. chihashi.
Discussion at the meeting of the
Peace Conference yesterday after
noon took on more liveliness than at
any time to date. Colonel Glassford,
of the United States Army, gave his
scheme for the greater efficiency of
the American military. Chancellor
Jordan, Doctor Mez, and Mr. L. P.
Lochner stated the pacifiicist point
of view, showing that the mere cry
for preparedness leads nowhere un
less a definite policy is stated "For
what and against whom a country
should be prepared." The fact was
brought out that the United States in
the last fifteen years for this so
called preparedness has spent a half
billion dollars more than the total
value of the assessed property of the
state of California. And still we are
told that the country is not prepared.
The example of Germany shows that
mere preparedness does not insure
peace but may even cause war.
In the evening session Mr. Lochner
showed the influence of the armament
firms in the promotion of patriotism
and the war system for their own
private gain. He pointed out the fact
that the United States has been
cheated by the armament manufac
turers by selling armament at a
higher price at home than abroad.
Tonight's discussion will be con
cerning "Japanese-American Rela
tions," and will be led by Instructor
Y. chihashi.
Discussion at the meeting of the
Peace Conference yesterday after
noon took on more liveliness than at
any time to date. Colonel Glassford,
of the United States Army, gave his
scheme for the greater efficiency of
the American military. Chancellor
Jordan, Doctor Mez, and Mr. L. P.
Lochner stated the pacifiicist point
of view, showing that the mere cry
for preparedness leads nowhere un
less a definite policy is stated "For
what and against whom a country
should be prepared." The fact was
brought out that the United States in
the last fifteen years for this so
called preparedness has spent a half
billion dollars more than the total
value of the assessed property of the
state of California. And still we are
told that the country is not prepared.
The example of Germany shows that
mere preparedness does not insure
peace but may even cause war.
In the evening session Mr. Lochner
showed the influence of the armament
firms in the promotion of patriotism
and the war system for their own
private gain. He pointed out the fact
that the United States has been
cheated by the armament manufac
turers by selling armament at a
higher price at home than abroad.
Tonight's discussion will be con
cerning "Japanese-American Rela
tions," and will be led by Instructor
Y. chihashi.
Discussion at the meeting of the
Peace Conference yesterday after
noon took on more liveliness than at
any time to date. Colonel Glassford,
of the United States Army, gave his
scheme for the greater efficiency of
the American military. Chancellor
Jordan, Doctor Mez, and Mr. L. P.
Lochner stated the pacifiicist point
of view, showing that the mere cry
for preparedness leads nowhere un
less a definite policy is stated "For
what and against whom a country
should be prepared." The fact was
brought out that the United States in
the last fifteen years for this so
called preparedness has spent a half
billion dollars more than the total
value of the assessed property of the
state of California. And still we are
told that the country is not prepared.
The example of Germany shows that
mere preparedness does not insure
peace but may even cause war.
In the evening session Mr. Lochner
showed the influence of the armament
firms in the promotion of patriotism
and the war system for their own
private gain. He pointed out the fact
that the United States has been
cheated by the armament manufac
turers by selling armament at a
higher price at home than abroad.
Tonight's discussion will be con
cerning "Japanese-American Rela
tions," and will be led by Instructor
Y. chihashi.
Discussion at the meeting of the
Peace Conference yesterday after
noon took on more liveliness than at
any time to date. Colonel Glassford,
of the United States Army, gave his
scheme for the greater efficiency of
the American military. Chancellor
Jordan, Doctor Mez, and Mr. L. P.
Lochner stated the pacifiicist point
of view, showing that the mere cry
for preparedness leads nowhere un
less a definite policy is stated "For
what and against whom a country
should be prepared." The fact was
brought out that the United States in
the last fifteen years for this so
called preparedness has spent a half
billion dollars more than the total
value of the assessed property of the
state of California. And still we are
told that the country is not prepared.
The example of Germany shows that
mere preparedness does not insure
peace but may even cause war.
In the evening session Mr. Lochner
showed the influence of the armament
firms in the promotion of patriotism
and the war system for their own
private gain. He pointed out the fact
that the United States has been
cheated by the armament manufac
turers by selling armament at a
higher price at home than abroad.
Tonight's discussion will be con
cerning "Japanese-American Rela
tions," and will be led by Instructor
Y. chihashi.
Discussion at the meeting of the
Peace Conference yesterday after
noon took on more liveliness than at
any time to date. Colonel Glassford,
of the United States Army, gave his
scheme for the greater efficiency of
the American military. Chancellor
Jordan, Doctor Mez, and Mr. L. P.
Lochner stated the pacifiicist point
of view, showing that the mere cry
for preparedness leads nowhere un
less a definite policy is stated "For
what and against whom a country
should be prepared." The fact was
brought out that the United States in
the last fifteen years for this so
called preparedness has spent a half
billion dollars more than the total
value of the assessed property of the
state of California. And still we are
told that the country is not prepared.
The example of Germany shows that
mere preparedness does not insure
peace but may even cause war.
In the evening session Mr. Lochner
showed the influence of the armament
firms in the promotion of patriotism
and the war system for their own
private gain. He pointed out the fact
that the United States has been
cheated by the armament manufac
turers by selling armament at a
higher price at home than abroad.
Tonight's discussion will be con
cerning "Japanese-American Rela
tions," and will be led by Instructor
Y. chihashi.
Discussion at the meeting of the
Peace Conference yesterday after
noon took on more liveliness than at
any time to date. Colonel Glassford,
of the United States Army, gave his
scheme for the greater efficiency of
the American military. Chancellor
Jordan, Doctor Mez, and Mr. L. P.
Lochner stated the pacifiicist point
of view, showing that the mere cry
for preparedness leads nowhere un
less a definite policy is stated "For
what and against whom a country
should be prepared." The fact was
brought out that the United States in
the last fifteen years for this so
called preparedness has spent a half
billion dollars more than the total
value of the assessed property of the
state of California. And still we are
told that the country is not prepared.
The example of Germany shows that
mere preparedness does not insure
peace but may even cause war.
In the evening session Mr. Lochner
showed the influence of the armament
firms in the promotion of patriotism
and the war system for their own
private gain. He pointed out the fact
that the United States has been
cheated by the armament manufac
turers by selling armament at a
higher price at home than abroad.
Tonight's discussion will be con
cerning "Japanese-American Rela
tions," and will be led by Instructor
Y. chihashi.
Discussion at the meeting of the
Peace Conference yesterday after
noon took on more liveliness than at
any time to date. Colonel Glassford,
of the United States Army, gave his
scheme for the greater efficiency of
the American military. Chancellor
Jordan, Doctor Mez, and Mr. L. P.
Lochner stated the pacifiicist point
of view, showing that the mere cry
for preparedness leads nowhere un
less a definite policy is stated "For
what and against whom a country
should be prepared." The fact was
brought out that the United States in
the last fifteen years for this so
called preparedness has spent a half
billion dollars more than the total
value of the assessed property of the
state of California. And still we are
told that the country is not prepared.
The example of Germany shows that
mere preparedness does not insure
peace but may even cause war.
In the evening session Mr. Lochner
showed the influence of the armament
firms in the promotion of patriotism
and the war system for their own
private gain. He pointed out the fact
that the United States has been
cheated by the armament manufac
turers by selling armament at a
higher price at home than abroad.
Tonight's discussion will be con
cerning "Japanese-American Rela
tions," and will be led by Instructor
Y. chihashi.
Discussion at the meeting of the
Peace Conference yesterday after
noon took on more liveliness than at
any time to date. Colonel Glassford,
of the United States Army, gave his
scheme for the greater efficiency of
the American military. Chancellor
Jordan, Doctor Mez, and Mr. L. P.
Lochner stated the pacifiicist point
of view, showing that the mere cry
for preparedness leads nowhere un
less a definite policy is stated "For
what and against whom a country
should be prepared." The fact was
brought out that the United States in
the last fifteen years for this so
called preparedness has spent a half
billion dollars more than the total
value of the assessed property of the
state of California. And still we are
told that the country is not prepared.
The example of Germany shows that
mere preparedness does not insure
peace but may even cause war.
In the evening session Mr. Lochner
showed the influence of the armament
firms in the promotion of patriotism
and the war system for their own
private gain. He pointed out the fact
that the United States has been
cheated by the armament manufac
turers by selling armament at a
higher price at home than abroad.
Tonight's discussion will be con
cerning "Japanese-American Rela
tions," and will be led by Instructor
Y. chihashi.
Discussion at the meeting of the
Peace Conference yesterday after
noon took on more liveliness than at
any time to date. Colonel Glassford,
of the United States Army, gave his
scheme for the greater efficiency of
the American military. Chancellor
Jordan, Doctor Mez, and Mr. L. P.
Lochner stated the pacifiicist point
of view, showing that the mere cry
for preparedness leads nowhere un
less a definite policy is stated "For
what and against whom a country
should be prepared." The fact was
brought out that the United States in
the last fifteen years for this so
called preparedness has spent a half
billion dollars more than the total
value of the assessed property of the
state of California. And still we are
told that the country is not prepared.
The example of Germany shows that
mere preparedness does not insure
peace but may even cause war.
In the evening session Mr. Lochner
showed the influence of the armament
firms in the promotion of patriotism
and the war system for their own
private gain. He pointed out the fact
that the United States has been
cheated by the armament manufac
turers by selling armament at a
higher price at home than abroad.
Tonight's discussion will be con
cerning "Japanese-American Rela
tions," and will be led by Instructor
Y. chihashi.
Discussion at the meeting of the
Peace Conference yesterday after
noon took on more liveliness than at
any time to date. Colonel Glassford,
of the United States Army, gave his
scheme for the greater efficiency of
the American military. Chancellor
Jordan, Doctor Mez, and Mr. L. P.
Lochner stated the pacifiicist point
of view, showing that the mere cry
for preparedness leads nowhere un
less a definite policy is stated "For
what and against whom a country
should be prepared." The fact was
brought out that the United States in
the last fifteen years for this so
called preparedness has spent a half
billion dollars more than the total
value of the assessed property of the
state of California. And still we are
told that the country is not prepared.
The example of Germany shows that
mere preparedness does not insure
peace but may even cause war.
In the evening session Mr. Lochner
showed the influence of the armament
firms in the promotion of patriotism
and the war system for their own
private gain. He pointed out the fact
that the United States has been
cheated by the armament manufac
turers by selling armament at a
higher price at home than abroad.
Tonight's discussion will be con
cerning "Japanese-American Rela
tions," and will be led by Instructor
Y. chihashi.
Discussion at the meeting of the
Peace Conference yesterday after
noon took on more liveliness than at
any time to date. Colonel Glassford,
of the United States Army, gave his
scheme for the greater efficiency of
the American military. Chancellor
Jordan, Doctor Mez, and Mr. L. P.
Lochner stated the pacifiicist point
of view, showing that the mere cry
for preparedness leads nowhere un
less a definite policy is stated "For
what and against whom a country
should be prepared." The fact was
brought out that the United States in
the last fifteen years for this so
called preparedness has spent a half
billion dollars more than the total
value of the assessed property of the
state of California. And still we are
told that the country is not prepared.
The example of Germany shows that
mere preparedness does not insure
peace but may even cause war.
In the evening session Mr. Lochner
showed the influence of the armament
firms in the promotion of patriotism
and the war system for their own
private gain. He pointed out the fact
that the United States has been
cheated by the armament manufac
turers by selling armament at a
higher price at home than abroad.
Tonight's discussion will be con
cerning "Japanese-American Rela
tions," and will be led by Instructor
Y. chihashi.
