# Gibson, '14, With British,
## Forwards Post Card From Fighting Front In France Cryptic Message Bears No Written Word but Date, Signature and Address 
### 
E. I. Gibson, '14, is the signature on
a British Field Service post card,
dated August 19, and received here
yesterday by F. S. Blackington, '17.
Gibson, who was an Encina man, regis
tered from Australia, is serving in
France with the 2nd Brigade, sth Bat
tery, Canadian Field Artillery. The
post card bears nothing from Gibson's
pen but date, signature, and address,
and is an example of the type fur
nished the fighting men for a hurried
daily dispatch to dear ones or dear
one, at home. The card bears a half
dozen cryptic printed statements, with
varying alternatives that may be
checked to indicate the writer's state
of health, his position, and so forth.
Gibson has crossed out with indeli
ble pencil every statement but the
following: "1 am quite well. I have
received your letter dated (July 31).
Letter follows at first opportunity."
