# Theta Xi Fraternity Building
## 
### 
The Theta Xi Fraternity, formerly
residing at 15 Alvarado, is building
a new house directly below the Delta
Tau Delta House. The fraternity ex
pects to be in the new house by the
middle of November.
The Theta Xi Fraternity, formerly
residing at 15 Alvarado, is building
a new house directly below the Delta
Tau Delta House. The fraternity ex
pects to be in the new house by the
middle of November.
The Theta Xi Fraternity, formerly
residing at 15 Alvarado, is building
a new house directly below the Delta
Tau Delta House. The fraternity ex
pects to be in the new house by the
middle of November.
The Theta Xi Fraternity, formerly
residing at 15 Alvarado, is building
a new house directly below the Delta
Tau Delta House. The fraternity ex
pects to be in the new house by the
middle of November.
The Theta Xi Fraternity, formerly
residing at 15 Alvarado, is building
a new house directly below the Delta
Tau Delta House. The fraternity ex
pects to be in the new house by the
middle of November.
The Theta Xi Fraternity, formerly
residing at 15 Alvarado, is building
a new house directly below the Delta
Tau Delta House. The fraternity ex
pects to be in the new house by the
middle of November.
The Theta Xi Fraternity, formerly
residing at 15 Alvarado, is building
a new house directly below the Delta
Tau Delta House. The fraternity ex
pects to be in the new house by the
middle of November.
The Theta Xi Fraternity, formerly
residing at 15 Alvarado, is building
a new house directly below the Delta
Tau Delta House. The fraternity ex
pects to be in the new house by the
middle of November.
The Theta Xi Fraternity, formerly
residing at 15 Alvarado, is building
a new house directly below the Delta
Tau Delta House. The fraternity ex
pects to be in the new house by the
middle of November.
The Theta Xi Fraternity, formerly
residing at 15 Alvarado, is building
a new house directly below the Delta
Tau Delta House. The fraternity ex
pects to be in the new house by the
middle of November.
The Theta Xi Fraternity, formerly
residing at 15 Alvarado, is building
a new house directly below the Delta
Tau Delta House. The fraternity ex
pects to be in the new house by the
middle of November.
The Theta Xi Fraternity, formerly
residing at 15 Alvarado, is building
a new house directly below the Delta
Tau Delta House. The fraternity ex
pects to be in the new house by the
middle of November.
The Theta Xi Fraternity, formerly
residing at 15 Alvarado, is building
a new house directly below the Delta
Tau Delta House. The fraternity ex
pects to be in the new house by the
middle of November.
