# Masquers Elect Officers
## 
### 
iVJiss Nellita Choate, '17, has re
cently been elected president of Mas
quers, the women's dramatic society.
Miss Florence Stuart, '16, was chosen
for the position of secretary and
treasurer.
The masquers will give the first
dramatic performance of the second
semester.
iVJiss Nellita Choate, '17, has re
cently been elected president of Mas
quers, the women's dramatic society.
Miss Florence Stuart, '16, was chosen
for the position of secretary and
treasurer.
The masquers will give the first
dramatic performance of the second
semester.
iVJiss Nellita Choate, '17, has re
cently been elected president of Mas
quers, the women's dramatic society.
Miss Florence Stuart, '16, was chosen
for the position of secretary and
treasurer.
The masquers will give the first
dramatic performance of the second
semester.
iVJiss Nellita Choate, '17, has re
cently been elected president of Mas
quers, the women's dramatic society.
Miss Florence Stuart, '16, was chosen
for the position of secretary and
treasurer.
The masquers will give the first
dramatic performance of the second
semester.
iVJiss Nellita Choate, '17, has re
cently been elected president of Mas
quers, the women's dramatic society.
Miss Florence Stuart, '16, was chosen
for the position of secretary and
treasurer.
The masquers will give the first
dramatic performance of the second
semester.
iVJiss Nellita Choate, '17, has re
cently been elected president of Mas
quers, the women's dramatic society.
Miss Florence Stuart, '16, was chosen
for the position of secretary and
treasurer.
The masquers will give the first
dramatic performance of the second
semester.
iVJiss Nellita Choate, '17, has re
cently been elected president of Mas
quers, the women's dramatic society.
Miss Florence Stuart, '16, was chosen
for the position of secretary and
treasurer.
The masquers will give the first
dramatic performance of the second
semester.
iVJiss Nellita Choate, '17, has re
cently been elected president of Mas
quers, the women's dramatic society.
Miss Florence Stuart, '16, was chosen
for the position of secretary and
treasurer.
The masquers will give the first
dramatic performance of the second
semester.
iVJiss Nellita Choate, '17, has re
cently been elected president of Mas
quers, the women's dramatic society.
Miss Florence Stuart, '16, was chosen
for the position of secretary and
treasurer.
The masquers will give the first
dramatic performance of the second
semester.
iVJiss Nellita Choate, '17, has re
cently been elected president of Mas
quers, the women's dramatic society.
Miss Florence Stuart, '16, was chosen
for the position of secretary and
treasurer.
The masquers will give the first
dramatic performance of the second
semester.
iVJiss Nellita Choate, '17, has re
cently been elected president of Mas
quers, the women's dramatic society.
Miss Florence Stuart, '16, was chosen
for the position of secretary and
treasurer.
The masquers will give the first
dramatic performance of the second
semester.
iVJiss Nellita Choate, '17, has re
cently been elected president of Mas
quers, the women's dramatic society.
Miss Florence Stuart, '16, was chosen
for the position of secretary and
treasurer.
The masquers will give the first
dramatic performance of the second
semester.
iVJiss Nellita Choate, '17, has re
cently been elected president of Mas
quers, the women's dramatic society.
Miss Florence Stuart, '16, was chosen
for the position of secretary and
treasurer.
The masquers will give the first
dramatic performance of the second
semester.
