# Adv. 16 Page 6
## 
### 
'
MENLO PARK
LIONS CLUB
DANCE
and
VARIETY SHOW
SATURDAY
April 23
BURGESS GYM
STANFORD VILLACE
D-ess Western and Dance to
America s Newest Swing Band
benefit Palo Alto Society for
the Blind
'
MENLO PARK
LIONS CLUB
DANCE
and
VARIETY SHOW
SATURDAY
April 23
BURGESS GYM
STANFORD VILLACE
D-ess Western and Dance to
America s Newest Swing Band
benefit Palo Alto Society for
the Blind
'
MENLO PARK
LIONS CLUB
DANCE
and
VARIETY SHOW
SATURDAY
April 23
BURGESS GYM
STANFORD VILLACE
D-ess Western and Dance to
America s Newest Swing Band
benefit Palo Alto Society for
the Blind
'
MENLO PARK
LIONS CLUB
DANCE
and
VARIETY SHOW
SATURDAY
April 23
BURGESS GYM
STANFORD VILLACE
D-ess Western and Dance to
America s Newest Swing Band
benefit Palo Alto Society for
the Blind
'
MENLO PARK
LIONS CLUB
DANCE
and
VARIETY SHOW
SATURDAY
April 23
BURGESS GYM
STANFORD VILLACE
D-ess Western and Dance to
America s Newest Swing Band
benefit Palo Alto Society for
the Blind
'
MENLO PARK
LIONS CLUB
DANCE
and
VARIETY SHOW
SATURDAY
April 23
BURGESS GYM
STANFORD VILLACE
D-ess Western and Dance to
America s Newest Swing Band
benefit Palo Alto Society for
the Blind
'
MENLO PARK
LIONS CLUB
DANCE
and
VARIETY SHOW
SATURDAY
April 23
BURGESS GYM
STANFORD VILLACE
D-ess Western and Dance to
America s Newest Swing Band
benefit Palo Alto Society for
the Blind
'
MENLO PARK
LIONS CLUB
DANCE
and
VARIETY SHOW
SATURDAY
April 23
BURGESS GYM
STANFORD VILLACE
D-ess Western and Dance to
America s Newest Swing Band
benefit Palo Alto Society for
the Blind
'
MENLO PARK
LIONS CLUB
DANCE
and
VARIETY SHOW
SATURDAY
April 23
BURGESS GYM
STANFORD VILLACE
D-ess Western and Dance to
America s Newest Swing Band
benefit Palo Alto Society for
the Blind
'
MENLO PARK
LIONS CLUB
DANCE
and
VARIETY SHOW
SATURDAY
April 23
BURGESS GYM
STANFORD VILLACE
D-ess Western and Dance to
America s Newest Swing Band
benefit Palo Alto Society for
the Blind
'
MENLO PARK
LIONS CLUB
DANCE
and
VARIETY SHOW
SATURDAY
April 23
BURGESS GYM
STANFORD VILLACE
D-ess Western and Dance to
America s Newest Swing Band
benefit Palo Alto Society for
the Blind
'
MENLO PARK
LIONS CLUB
DANCE
and
VARIETY SHOW
SATURDAY
April 23
BURGESS GYM
STANFORD VILLACE
D-ess Western and Dance to
America s Newest Swing Band
benefit Palo Alto Society for
the Blind
'
MENLO PARK
LIONS CLUB
DANCE
and
VARIETY SHOW
SATURDAY
April 23
BURGESS GYM
STANFORD VILLACE
D-ess Western and Dance to
America s Newest Swing Band
benefit Palo Alto Society for
the Blind
'
MENLO PARK
LIONS CLUB
DANCE
and
VARIETY SHOW
SATURDAY
April 23
BURGESS GYM
STANFORD VILLACE
D-ess Western and Dance to
America s Newest Swing Band
benefit Palo Alto Society for
the Blind
