# junior Weekend
## 
### 
Dr. and Mrs. Wallace Sterling and
Dr. and Mrs. H. Donald Winbiglcr
will be patrons and patronesses for
the Junior Prom May 7 at the Fair
mont Hotel. Dean Holman, arrange
ments co-chairman, said yesterday.
Formally attired prom-goers will
dance from 9 to 1 in the Terrace
Room to the music of Bob Brittan's
Dr. and Mrs. Wallace Sterling and
Dr. and Mrs. H. Donald Winbiglcr
will be patrons and patronesses for
the Junior Prom May 7 at the Fair
mont Hotel. Dean Holman, arrange
ments co-chairman, said yesterday.
Formally attired prom-goers will
dance from 9 to 1 in the Terrace
Room to the music of Bob Brittan's
Dr. and Mrs. Wallace Sterling and
Dr. and Mrs. H. Donald Winbiglcr
will be patrons and patronesses for
the Junior Prom May 7 at the Fair
mont Hotel. Dean Holman, arrange
ments co-chairman, said yesterday.
Formally attired prom-goers will
dance from 9 to 1 in the Terrace
Room to the music of Bob Brittan's
Dr. and Mrs. Wallace Sterling and
Dr. and Mrs. H. Donald Winbiglcr
will be patrons and patronesses for
the Junior Prom May 7 at the Fair
mont Hotel. Dean Holman, arrange
ments co-chairman, said yesterday.
Formally attired prom-goers will
dance from 9 to 1 in the Terrace
Room to the music of Bob Brittan's
Dr. and Mrs. Wallace Sterling and
Dr. and Mrs. H. Donald Winbiglcr
will be patrons and patronesses for
the Junior Prom May 7 at the Fair
mont Hotel. Dean Holman, arrange
ments co-chairman, said yesterday.
Formally attired prom-goers will
dance from 9 to 1 in the Terrace
Room to the music of Bob Brittan's
Dr. and Mrs. Wallace Sterling and
Dr. and Mrs. H. Donald Winbiglcr
will be patrons and patronesses for
the Junior Prom May 7 at the Fair
mont Hotel. Dean Holman, arrange
ments co-chairman, said yesterday.
Formally attired prom-goers will
dance from 9 to 1 in the Terrace
Room to the music of Bob Brittan's
Dr. and Mrs. Wallace Sterling and
Dr. and Mrs. H. Donald Winbiglcr
will be patrons and patronesses for
the Junior Prom May 7 at the Fair
mont Hotel. Dean Holman, arrange
ments co-chairman, said yesterday.
Formally attired prom-goers will
dance from 9 to 1 in the Terrace
Room to the music of Bob Brittan's
Dr. and Mrs. Wallace Sterling and
Dr. and Mrs. H. Donald Winbiglcr
will be patrons and patronesses for
the Junior Prom May 7 at the Fair
mont Hotel. Dean Holman, arrange
ments co-chairman, said yesterday.
Formally attired prom-goers will
dance from 9 to 1 in the Terrace
Room to the music of Bob Brittan's
Dr. and Mrs. Wallace Sterling and
Dr. and Mrs. H. Donald Winbiglcr
will be patrons and patronesses for
the Junior Prom May 7 at the Fair
mont Hotel. Dean Holman, arrange
ments co-chairman, said yesterday.
Formally attired prom-goers will
dance from 9 to 1 in the Terrace
Room to the music of Bob Brittan's
Dr. and Mrs. Wallace Sterling and
Dr. and Mrs. H. Donald Winbiglcr
will be patrons and patronesses for
the Junior Prom May 7 at the Fair
mont Hotel. Dean Holman, arrange
ments co-chairman, said yesterday.
Formally attired prom-goers will
dance from 9 to 1 in the Terrace
Room to the music of Bob Brittan's
Dr. and Mrs. Wallace Sterling and
Dr. and Mrs. H. Donald Winbiglcr
will be patrons and patronesses for
the Junior Prom May 7 at the Fair
mont Hotel. Dean Holman, arrange
ments co-chairman, said yesterday.
Formally attired prom-goers will
dance from 9 to 1 in the Terrace
Room to the music of Bob Brittan's
Dr. and Mrs. Wallace Sterling and
Dr. and Mrs. H. Donald Winbiglcr
will be patrons and patronesses for
the Junior Prom May 7 at the Fair
mont Hotel. Dean Holman, arrange
ments co-chairman, said yesterday.
Formally attired prom-goers will
dance from 9 to 1 in the Terrace
Room to the music of Bob Brittan's
Dr. and Mrs. Wallace Sterling and
Dr. and Mrs. H. Donald Winbiglcr
will be patrons and patronesses for
the Junior Prom May 7 at the Fair
mont Hotel. Dean Holman, arrange
ments co-chairman, said yesterday.
Formally attired prom-goers will
dance from 9 to 1 in the Terrace
Room to the music of Bob Brittan's
Dr. and Mrs. Wallace Sterling and
Dr. and Mrs. H. Donald Winbiglcr
will be patrons and patronesses for
the Junior Prom May 7 at the Fair
mont Hotel. Dean Holman, arrange
ments co-chairman, said yesterday.
Formally attired prom-goers will
dance from 9 to 1 in the Terrace
Room to the music of Bob Brittan's
