# Successful Operations Performed.
## 
### 
The first operations of importance
to he performed in the new oper
ating-room of the Guild hospital
have been successfully carried
through within the last two days.
The first case was that of Miss G.
K. Fox, '08, of San Francisco., The
operation was performed by l)r.
Harry B. Reynolds, '90. who is one
of the prominent young surgeons of
San Francisco. The second opera
tion was performed this morning
upon Albion F. Frederickson, '05,
who registers from Templeton. Dr.
Stanley Stillman, also of San Fran
cisco, performed this operation.
Dr. Stillman is a brother of Prof.
J. M. Stillman of the Chemistry de
partment. Both patients are doing
well.
The Guild operating-room was
equipped last semester for the pur
pose of handling emergency cases.
Several minor operations were per
formed, among them the setting of
a number of fractured limbs. The
operations of yesterday and to-day
are the first cases of importance
that have been handled at the Guild
hosnital.
