# Philological Association.
## 
### 
The Philological Association will
meet next Thursday in room 31 at
2:30. At this meeting papers will
he read by Prof. J. E. Matzke of
the French department and Prof.
Julius Goehel of the German de
partment.
The Philological Association will
meet next Thursday in room 31 at
2:30. At this meeting papers will
he read by Prof. J. E. Matzke of
the French department and Prof.
Julius Goehel of the German de
partment.
The Philological Association will
meet next Thursday in room 31 at
2:30. At this meeting papers will
he read by Prof. J. E. Matzke of
the French department and Prof.
Julius Goehel of the German de
partment.
The Philological Association will
meet next Thursday in room 31 at
2:30. At this meeting papers will
he read by Prof. J. E. Matzke of
the French department and Prof.
Julius Goehel of the German de
partment.
The Philological Association will
meet next Thursday in room 31 at
2:30. At this meeting papers will
he read by Prof. J. E. Matzke of
the French department and Prof.
Julius Goehel of the German de
partment.
The Philological Association will
meet next Thursday in room 31 at
2:30. At this meeting papers will
he read by Prof. J. E. Matzke of
the French department and Prof.
Julius Goehel of the German de
partment.
The Philological Association will
meet next Thursday in room 31 at
2:30. At this meeting papers will
he read by Prof. J. E. Matzke of
the French department and Prof.
Julius Goehel of the German de
partment.
The Philological Association will
meet next Thursday in room 31 at
2:30. At this meeting papers will
he read by Prof. J. E. Matzke of
the French department and Prof.
Julius Goehel of the German de
partment.
