# More Gifts for the University.
## 
### 
Since the publication of the arti
cle on the collection of paintings
presented to the University by Mr.
Thomas NVelton Stanford of Aus
tralia, Librarian Nash has received
news of another benefaction by the
same gentleman. The following
extract from a late letter to Mrs.
Jane L. Stanford explains the na
ture of this newest gift: "By the
next steamer I think I' shall have
another present for the University
—a miscellaneous collection of Aus
tralian books and pamphlets, some
of which are now out of print. It
is a collection made by a literary
gentleman who now parts with it
because of our hard times. I am
sure the collection will please your
librarian, though he will have much
labor in arranging the various
works," etc.
Since the publication of the arti
cle on the collection of paintings
presented to the University by Mr.
Thomas NVelton Stanford of Aus
tralia, Librarian Nash has received
news of another benefaction by the
same gentleman. The following
extract from a late letter to Mrs.
Jane L. Stanford explains the na
ture of this newest gift: "By the
next steamer I think I' shall have
another present for the University
—a miscellaneous collection of Aus
tralian books and pamphlets, some
of which are now out of print. It
is a collection made by a literary
gentleman who now parts with it
because of our hard times. I am
sure the collection will please your
librarian, though he will have much
labor in arranging the various
works," etc.
Since the publication of the arti
cle on the collection of paintings
presented to the University by Mr.
Thomas NVelton Stanford of Aus
tralia, Librarian Nash has received
news of another benefaction by the
same gentleman. The following
extract from a late letter to Mrs.
Jane L. Stanford explains the na
ture of this newest gift: "By the
next steamer I think I' shall have
another present for the University
—a miscellaneous collection of Aus
tralian books and pamphlets, some
of which are now out of print. It
is a collection made by a literary
gentleman who now parts with it
because of our hard times. I am
sure the collection will please your
librarian, though he will have much
labor in arranging the various
works," etc.
Since the publication of the arti
cle on the collection of paintings
presented to the University by Mr.
Thomas NVelton Stanford of Aus
tralia, Librarian Nash has received
news of another benefaction by the
same gentleman. The following
extract from a late letter to Mrs.
Jane L. Stanford explains the na
ture of this newest gift: "By the
next steamer I think I' shall have
another present for the University
—a miscellaneous collection of Aus
tralian books and pamphlets, some
of which are now out of print. It
is a collection made by a literary
gentleman who now parts with it
because of our hard times. I am
sure the collection will please your
librarian, though he will have much
labor in arranging the various
works," etc.
Since the publication of the arti
cle on the collection of paintings
presented to the University by Mr.
Thomas NVelton Stanford of Aus
tralia, Librarian Nash has received
news of another benefaction by the
same gentleman. The following
extract from a late letter to Mrs.
Jane L. Stanford explains the na
ture of this newest gift: "By the
next steamer I think I' shall have
another present for the University
—a miscellaneous collection of Aus
tralian books and pamphlets, some
of which are now out of print. It
is a collection made by a literary
gentleman who now parts with it
because of our hard times. I am
sure the collection will please your
librarian, though he will have much
labor in arranging the various
works," etc.
