# Adv. 11 Page 4
## 
### 
The Daily is interested in
contributions from the
community, typed,
double-spaced on a 57-
space line. Submissions
should not exceed 80 to 85
lines. We reserve the right
to edit for brevity or clar
ity.
The Daily is interested in
contributions from the
community, typed,
double-spaced on a 57-
space line. Submissions
should not exceed 80 to 85
lines. We reserve the right
to edit for brevity or clar
ity.
The Daily is interested in
contributions from the
community, typed,
double-spaced on a 57-
space line. Submissions
should not exceed 80 to 85
lines. We reserve the right
to edit for brevity or clar
ity.
The Daily is interested in
contributions from the
community, typed,
double-spaced on a 57-
space line. Submissions
should not exceed 80 to 85
lines. We reserve the right
to edit for brevity or clar
ity.
The Daily is interested in
contributions from the
community, typed,
double-spaced on a 57-
space line. Submissions
should not exceed 80 to 85
lines. We reserve the right
to edit for brevity or clar
ity.
The Daily is interested in
contributions from the
community, typed,
double-spaced on a 57-
space line. Submissions
should not exceed 80 to 85
lines. We reserve the right
to edit for brevity or clar
ity.
The Daily is interested in
contributions from the
community, typed,
double-spaced on a 57-
space line. Submissions
should not exceed 80 to 85
lines. We reserve the right
to edit for brevity or clar
ity.
The Daily is interested in
contributions from the
community, typed,
double-spaced on a 57-
space line. Submissions
should not exceed 80 to 85
lines. We reserve the right
to edit for brevity or clar
ity.
The Daily is interested in
contributions from the
community, typed,
double-spaced on a 57-
space line. Submissions
should not exceed 80 to 85
lines. We reserve the right
to edit for brevity or clar
ity.
