# Decontrol will cost
## 
### 
Washington (AP) — Families will
pay at least $12.2 billion more a
year by 1982 for heating oil,
gasoline and related petroleum
products and services under Pres
ident Jimmy Carter's plan to re
move oil price controls, congres
sional economists said yesterday.
That averages out to an average
annual increase of $135 per
household by 1982, said the study
by the Congressional Budget Of
fice.
It also said if the Organization
of Petroleum Exporting Countries
boosts its prices 3 percent a year
above the rate of inflation, it
would mean a 1982 price tag for
decontrol of $15.8 billion — or an
average of $175 in higher costs
that year for U.S. families.
Of the basic $12.2 billion 1982
pricetag for decontrol, $4 billion
would be spent by consumers for
gasoline and heating oil above
what they would spend if price

lids were retained, the study said.
It said consumers would face
another $8.2 billion in indirect
extra costs "through their con
sumption of other goods and ser
vices that use oil in their produc
tion."
The cost of lifting the controls
would hit low-income families the
hardest proportionately, the
study said — costing a family earn
ing less than $3700 a year an addi
tional $64 in or a 1.3 percent
decline in that family's buying
power.
Here's how much additional
cost the study said the lifting of
controls would mean for house
holds in other income categories:
— For a $7301 to $11,200 family,
$132 — or a seven-tenths of 1 per
cent decline.
— For a $11,201 to $16,450 fam
ily, $164 — or a six-tenths of 1 per
cent decline.
Washington (AP) — Families will
pay at least $12.2 billion more a
year by 1982 for heating oil,
gasoline and related petroleum
products and services under Pres
ident Jimmy Carter's plan to re
move oil price controls, congres
sional economists said yesterday.
That averages out to an average
annual increase of $135 per
household by 1982, said the study
by the Congressional Budget Of
fice.
It also said if the Organization
of Petroleum Exporting Countries
boosts its prices 3 percent a year
above the rate of inflation, it
would mean a 1982 price tag for
decontrol of $15.8 billion — or an
average of $175 in higher costs
that year for U.S. families.
Of the basic $12.2 billion 1982
pricetag for decontrol, $4 billion
would be spent by consumers for
gasoline and heating oil above
what they would spend if price

lids were retained, the study said.
It said consumers would face
another $8.2 billion in indirect
extra costs "through their con
sumption of other goods and ser
vices that use oil in their produc
tion."
The cost of lifting the controls
would hit low-income families the
hardest proportionately, the
study said — costing a family earn
ing less than $3700 a year an addi
tional $64 in or a 1.3 percent
decline in that family's buying
power.
Here's how much additional
cost the study said the lifting of
controls would mean for house
holds in other income categories:
— For a $7301 to $11,200 family,
$132 — or a seven-tenths of 1 per
cent decline.
— For a $11,201 to $16,450 fam
ily, $164 — or a six-tenths of 1 per
cent decline.
Washington (AP) — Families will
pay at least $12.2 billion more a
year by 1982 for heating oil,
gasoline and related petroleum
products and services under Pres
ident Jimmy Carter's plan to re
move oil price controls, congres
sional economists said yesterday.
That averages out to an average
annual increase of $135 per
household by 1982, said the study
by the Congressional Budget Of
fice.
It also said if the Organization
of Petroleum Exporting Countries
boosts its prices 3 percent a year
above the rate of inflation, it
would mean a 1982 price tag for
decontrol of $15.8 billion — or an
average of $175 in higher costs
that year for U.S. families.
Of the basic $12.2 billion 1982
pricetag for decontrol, $4 billion
would be spent by consumers for
gasoline and heating oil above
what they would spend if price

lids were retained, the study said.
It said consumers would face
another $8.2 billion in indirect
extra costs "through their con
sumption of other goods and ser
vices that use oil in their produc
tion."
The cost of lifting the controls
would hit low-income families the
hardest proportionately, the
study said — costing a family earn
ing less than $3700 a year an addi
tional $64 in or a 1.3 percent
decline in that family's buying
power.
Here's how much additional
cost the study said the lifting of
controls would mean for house
holds in other income categories:
— For a $7301 to $11,200 family,
$132 — or a seven-tenths of 1 per
cent decline.
— For a $11,201 to $16,450 fam
ily, $164 — or a six-tenths of 1 per
cent decline.
Washington (AP) — Families will
pay at least $12.2 billion more a
year by 1982 for heating oil,
gasoline and related petroleum
products and services under Pres
ident Jimmy Carter's plan to re
move oil price controls, congres
sional economists said yesterday.
That averages out to an average
annual increase of $135 per
household by 1982, said the study
by the Congressional Budget Of
fice.
It also said if the Organization
of Petroleum Exporting Countries
boosts its prices 3 percent a year
above the rate of inflation, it
would mean a 1982 price tag for
decontrol of $15.8 billion — or an
average of $175 in higher costs
that year for U.S. families.
Of the basic $12.2 billion 1982
pricetag for decontrol, $4 billion
would be spent by consumers for
gasoline and heating oil above
what they would spend if price

lids were retained, the study said.
It said consumers would face
another $8.2 billion in indirect
extra costs "through their con
sumption of other goods and ser
vices that use oil in their produc
tion."
The cost of lifting the controls
would hit low-income families the
hardest proportionately, the
study said — costing a family earn
ing less than $3700 a year an addi
tional $64 in or a 1.3 percent
decline in that family's buying
power.
Here's how much additional
cost the study said the lifting of
controls would mean for house
holds in other income categories:
— For a $7301 to $11,200 family,
$132 — or a seven-tenths of 1 per
cent decline.
— For a $11,201 to $16,450 fam
ily, $164 — or a six-tenths of 1 per
cent decline.
Washington (AP) — Families will
pay at least $12.2 billion more a
year by 1982 for heating oil,
gasoline and related petroleum
products and services under Pres
ident Jimmy Carter's plan to re
move oil price controls, congres
sional economists said yesterday.
That averages out to an average
annual increase of $135 per
household by 1982, said the study
by the Congressional Budget Of
fice.
It also said if the Organization
of Petroleum Exporting Countries
boosts its prices 3 percent a year
above the rate of inflation, it
would mean a 1982 price tag for
decontrol of $15.8 billion — or an
average of $175 in higher costs
that year for U.S. families.
Of the basic $12.2 billion 1982
pricetag for decontrol, $4 billion
would be spent by consumers for
gasoline and heating oil above
what they would spend if price

lids were retained, the study said.
It said consumers would face
another $8.2 billion in indirect
extra costs "through their con
sumption of other goods and ser
vices that use oil in their produc
tion."
The cost of lifting the controls
would hit low-income families the
hardest proportionately, the
study said — costing a family earn
ing less than $3700 a year an addi
tional $64 in or a 1.3 percent
decline in that family's buying
power.
Here's how much additional
cost the study said the lifting of
controls would mean for house
holds in other income categories:
— For a $7301 to $11,200 family,
$132 — or a seven-tenths of 1 per
cent decline.
— For a $11,201 to $16,450 fam
ily, $164 — or a six-tenths of 1 per
cent decline.
Washington (AP) — Families will
pay at least $12.2 billion more a
year by 1982 for heating oil,
gasoline and related petroleum
products and services under Pres
ident Jimmy Carter's plan to re
move oil price controls, congres
sional economists said yesterday.
That averages out to an average
annual increase of $135 per
household by 1982, said the study
by the Congressional Budget Of
fice.
It also said if the Organization
of Petroleum Exporting Countries
boosts its prices 3 percent a year
above the rate of inflation, it
would mean a 1982 price tag for
decontrol of $15.8 billion — or an
average of $175 in higher costs
that year for U.S. families.
Of the basic $12.2 billion 1982
pricetag for decontrol, $4 billion
would be spent by consumers for
gasoline and heating oil above
what they would spend if price

lids were retained, the study said.
It said consumers would face
another $8.2 billion in indirect
extra costs "through their con
sumption of other goods and ser
vices that use oil in their produc
tion."
The cost of lifting the controls
would hit low-income families the
hardest proportionately, the
study said — costing a family earn
ing less than $3700 a year an addi
tional $64 in or a 1.3 percent
decline in that family's buying
power.
Here's how much additional
cost the study said the lifting of
controls would mean for house
holds in other income categories:
— For a $7301 to $11,200 family,
$132 — or a seven-tenths of 1 per
cent decline.
— For a $11,201 to $16,450 fam
ily, $164 — or a six-tenths of 1 per
cent decline.
Washington (AP) — Families will
pay at least $12.2 billion more a
year by 1982 for heating oil,
gasoline and related petroleum
products and services under Pres
ident Jimmy Carter's plan to re
move oil price controls, congres
sional economists said yesterday.
That averages out to an average
annual increase of $135 per
household by 1982, said the study
by the Congressional Budget Of
fice.
It also said if the Organization
of Petroleum Exporting Countries
boosts its prices 3 percent a year
above the rate of inflation, it
would mean a 1982 price tag for
decontrol of $15.8 billion — or an
average of $175 in higher costs
that year for U.S. families.
Of the basic $12.2 billion 1982
pricetag for decontrol, $4 billion
would be spent by consumers for
gasoline and heating oil above
what they would spend if price

lids were retained, the study said.
It said consumers would face
another $8.2 billion in indirect
extra costs "through their con
sumption of other goods and ser
vices that use oil in their produc
tion."
The cost of lifting the controls
would hit low-income families the
hardest proportionately, the
study said — costing a family earn
ing less than $3700 a year an addi
tional $64 in or a 1.3 percent
decline in that family's buying
power.
Here's how much additional
cost the study said the lifting of
controls would mean for house
holds in other income categories:
— For a $7301 to $11,200 family,
$132 — or a seven-tenths of 1 per
cent decline.
— For a $11,201 to $16,450 fam
ily, $164 — or a six-tenths of 1 per
cent decline.
Washington (AP) — Families will
pay at least $12.2 billion more a
year by 1982 for heating oil,
gasoline and related petroleum
products and services under Pres
ident Jimmy Carter's plan to re
move oil price controls, congres
sional economists said yesterday.
That averages out to an average
annual increase of $135 per
household by 1982, said the study
by the Congressional Budget Of
fice.
It also said if the Organization
of Petroleum Exporting Countries
boosts its prices 3 percent a year
above the rate of inflation, it
would mean a 1982 price tag for
decontrol of $15.8 billion — or an
average of $175 in higher costs
that year for U.S. families.
Of the basic $12.2 billion 1982
pricetag for decontrol, $4 billion
would be spent by consumers for
gasoline and heating oil above
what they would spend if price

lids were retained, the study said.
It said consumers would face
another $8.2 billion in indirect
extra costs "through their con
sumption of other goods and ser
vices that use oil in their produc
tion."
The cost of lifting the controls
would hit low-income families the
hardest proportionately, the
study said — costing a family earn
ing less than $3700 a year an addi
tional $64 in or a 1.3 percent
decline in that family's buying
power.
Here's how much additional
cost the study said the lifting of
controls would mean for house
holds in other income categories:
— For a $7301 to $11,200 family,
$132 — or a seven-tenths of 1 per
cent decline.
— For a $11,201 to $16,450 fam
ily, $164 — or a six-tenths of 1 per
cent decline.
Washington (AP) — Families will
pay at least $12.2 billion more a
year by 1982 for heating oil,
gasoline and related petroleum
products and services under Pres
ident Jimmy Carter's plan to re
move oil price controls, congres
sional economists said yesterday.
That averages out to an average
annual increase of $135 per
household by 1982, said the study
by the Congressional Budget Of
fice.
It also said if the Organization
of Petroleum Exporting Countries
boosts its prices 3 percent a year
above the rate of inflation, it
would mean a 1982 price tag for
decontrol of $15.8 billion — or an
average of $175 in higher costs
that year for U.S. families.
Of the basic $12.2 billion 1982
pricetag for decontrol, $4 billion
would be spent by consumers for
gasoline and heating oil above
what they would spend if price

lids were retained, the study said.
It said consumers would face
another $8.2 billion in indirect
extra costs "through their con
sumption of other goods and ser
vices that use oil in their produc
tion."
The cost of lifting the controls
would hit low-income families the
hardest proportionately, the
study said — costing a family earn
ing less than $3700 a year an addi
tional $64 in or a 1.3 percent
decline in that family's buying
power.
Here's how much additional
cost the study said the lifting of
controls would mean for house
holds in other income categories:
— For a $7301 to $11,200 family,
$132 — or a seven-tenths of 1 per
cent decline.
— For a $11,201 to $16,450 fam
ily, $164 — or a six-tenths of 1 per
cent decline.
