# Adv. 22 Page 4
## 
### 
HAGE'S
Peninsula's Largest
Record Shop
166 University Ave.
325-2323
Have You Changed
Your Needle Lately?
A worn needle can ruin
your records.
Install a new diamond
needle today.
From 595
HAGE'S
Peninsula's Largest
Record Shop
166 University Ave.
325-2323
Have You Changed
Your Needle Lately?
A worn needle can ruin
your records.
Install a new diamond
needle today.
From 595
HAGE'S
Peninsula's Largest
Record Shop
166 University Ave.
325-2323
Have You Changed
Your Needle Lately?
A worn needle can ruin
your records.
Install a new diamond
needle today.
From 595
HAGE'S
Peninsula's Largest
Record Shop
166 University Ave.
325-2323
Have You Changed
Your Needle Lately?
A worn needle can ruin
your records.
Install a new diamond
needle today.
From 595
HAGE'S
Peninsula's Largest
Record Shop
166 University Ave.
325-2323
Have You Changed
Your Needle Lately?
A worn needle can ruin
your records.
Install a new diamond
needle today.
From 595
HAGE'S
Peninsula's Largest
Record Shop
166 University Ave.
325-2323
Have You Changed
Your Needle Lately?
A worn needle can ruin
your records.
Install a new diamond
needle today.
From 595
HAGE'S
Peninsula's Largest
Record Shop
166 University Ave.
325-2323
Have You Changed
Your Needle Lately?
A worn needle can ruin
your records.
Install a new diamond
needle today.
From 595
HAGE'S
Peninsula's Largest
Record Shop
166 University Ave.
325-2323
Have You Changed
Your Needle Lately?
A worn needle can ruin
your records.
Install a new diamond
needle today.
From 595
HAGE'S
Peninsula's Largest
Record Shop
166 University Ave.
325-2323
Have You Changed
Your Needle Lately?
A worn needle can ruin
your records.
Install a new diamond
needle today.
From 595
HAGE'S
Peninsula's Largest
Record Shop
166 University Ave.
325-2323
Have You Changed
Your Needle Lately?
A worn needle can ruin
your records.
Install a new diamond
needle today.
From 595
HAGE'S
Peninsula's Largest
Record Shop
166 University Ave.
325-2323
Have You Changed
Your Needle Lately?
A worn needle can ruin
your records.
Install a new diamond
needle today.
From 595
HAGE'S
Peninsula's Largest
Record Shop
166 University Ave.
325-2323
Have You Changed
Your Needle Lately?
A worn needle can ruin
your records.
Install a new diamond
needle today.
From 595
HAGE'S
Peninsula's Largest
Record Shop
166 University Ave.
325-2323
Have You Changed
Your Needle Lately?
A worn needle can ruin
your records.
Install a new diamond
needle today.
From 595
HAGE'S
Peninsula's Largest
Record Shop
166 University Ave.
325-2323
Have You Changed
Your Needle Lately?
A worn needle can ruin
your records.
Install a new diamond
needle today.
From 595
HAGE'S
Peninsula's Largest
Record Shop
166 University Ave.
325-2323
Have You Changed
Your Needle Lately?
A worn needle can ruin
your records.
Install a new diamond
needle today.
From 595
HAGE'S
Peninsula's Largest
Record Shop
166 University Ave.
325-2323
Have You Changed
Your Needle Lately?
A worn needle can ruin
your records.
Install a new diamond
needle today.
From 595
