# Insomniacs?
## 
### 

More than 7*> students have spent tile last two nights camped
out oil White Memorial Plaza, protesting U.S. policy in Viet
Nam. Singing and ffiiitar playing keep the vigilers warm in the
chilly pre dawn hours. Daily pimu, i,y Kiytm-

More than 7*> students have spent tile last two nights camped
out oil White Memorial Plaza, protesting U.S. policy in Viet
Nam. Singing and ffiiitar playing keep the vigilers warm in the
chilly pre dawn hours. Daily pimu, i,y Kiytm-

More than 7*> students have spent tile last two nights camped
out oil White Memorial Plaza, protesting U.S. policy in Viet
Nam. Singing and ffiiitar playing keep the vigilers warm in the
chilly pre dawn hours. Daily pimu, i,y Kiytm-

More than 7*> students have spent tile last two nights camped
out oil White Memorial Plaza, protesting U.S. policy in Viet
Nam. Singing and ffiiitar playing keep the vigilers warm in the
chilly pre dawn hours. Daily pimu, i,y Kiytm-

More than 7*> students have spent tile last two nights camped
out oil White Memorial Plaza, protesting U.S. policy in Viet
Nam. Singing and ffiiitar playing keep the vigilers warm in the
chilly pre dawn hours. Daily pimu, i,y Kiytm-

More than 7*> students have spent tile last two nights camped
out oil White Memorial Plaza, protesting U.S. policy in Viet
Nam. Singing and ffiiitar playing keep the vigilers warm in the
chilly pre dawn hours. Daily pimu, i,y Kiytm-

More than 7*> students have spent tile last two nights camped
out oil White Memorial Plaza, protesting U.S. policy in Viet
Nam. Singing and ffiiitar playing keep the vigilers warm in the
chilly pre dawn hours. Daily pimu, i,y Kiytm-

More than 7*> students have spent tile last two nights camped
out oil White Memorial Plaza, protesting U.S. policy in Viet
Nam. Singing and ffiiitar playing keep the vigilers warm in the
chilly pre dawn hours. Daily pimu, i,y Kiytm-

More than 7*> students have spent tile last two nights camped
out oil White Memorial Plaza, protesting U.S. policy in Viet
Nam. Singing and ffiiitar playing keep the vigilers warm in the
chilly pre dawn hours. Daily pimu, i,y Kiytm-

More than 7*> students have spent tile last two nights camped
out oil White Memorial Plaza, protesting U.S. policy in Viet
Nam. Singing and ffiiitar playing keep the vigilers warm in the
chilly pre dawn hours. Daily pimu, i,y Kiytm-

More than 7*> students have spent tile last two nights camped
out oil White Memorial Plaza, protesting U.S. policy in Viet
Nam. Singing and ffiiitar playing keep the vigilers warm in the
chilly pre dawn hours. Daily pimu, i,y Kiytm-

More than 7*> students have spent tile last two nights camped
out oil White Memorial Plaza, protesting U.S. policy in Viet
Nam. Singing and ffiiitar playing keep the vigilers warm in the
chilly pre dawn hours. Daily pimu, i,y Kiytm-

More than 7*> students have spent tile last two nights camped
out oil White Memorial Plaza, protesting U.S. policy in Viet
Nam. Singing and ffiiitar playing keep the vigilers warm in the
chilly pre dawn hours. Daily pimu, i,y Kiytm-

More than 7*> students have spent tile last two nights camped
out oil White Memorial Plaza, protesting U.S. policy in Viet
Nam. Singing and ffiiitar playing keep the vigilers warm in the
chilly pre dawn hours. Daily pimu, i,y Kiytm-

More than 7*> students have spent tile last two nights camped
out oil White Memorial Plaza, protesting U.S. policy in Viet
Nam. Singing and ffiiitar playing keep the vigilers warm in the
chilly pre dawn hours. Daily pimu, i,y Kiytm-

More than 7*> students have spent tile last two nights camped
out oil White Memorial Plaza, protesting U.S. policy in Viet
Nam. Singing and ffiiitar playing keep the vigilers warm in the
chilly pre dawn hours. Daily pimu, i,y Kiytm-
