# MINING COURSE SITE IS NOW SELECTED
## 
### 
The Mamouth mine of Jackson, Ama
jdor county, has been selected by Pro
fessors Hoover and Dietrich of the
Mining and Metallurgy department as
the best site for the mine surveying
and sampling course that is to be
given during the spring vacation.
Since the Mother Lode country ex
tends over a large area of northern
California, this pocket mine was se
lected because of its nearness to the
bay region, while if a mine in the
Grass Valley region had been chosen
the distance would have been greater.
The course will cover approximately
nine days. Professor W. F. Dietrich
will teach mine surveying while Pro
fessor T. J. Hoover will instruct the
class in mine sampling.
This course in practical mining is
the first one of its kind ever given by
a university. The class that is going
to make this trip is now taking a one
unit course in mine surveying this
quarter in order to get all the theo
retical side here.
The Mamouth mine of Jackson, Ama
jdor county, has been selected by Pro
fessors Hoover and Dietrich of the
Mining and Metallurgy department as
the best site for the mine surveying
and sampling course that is to be
given during the spring vacation.
Since the Mother Lode country ex
tends over a large area of northern
California, this pocket mine was se
lected because of its nearness to the
bay region, while if a mine in the
Grass Valley region had been chosen
the distance would have been greater.
The course will cover approximately
nine days. Professor W. F. Dietrich
will teach mine surveying while Pro
fessor T. J. Hoover will instruct the
class in mine sampling.
This course in practical mining is
the first one of its kind ever given by
a university. The class that is going
to make this trip is now taking a one
unit course in mine surveying this
quarter in order to get all the theo
retical side here.
The Mamouth mine of Jackson, Ama
jdor county, has been selected by Pro
fessors Hoover and Dietrich of the
Mining and Metallurgy department as
the best site for the mine surveying
and sampling course that is to be
given during the spring vacation.
Since the Mother Lode country ex
tends over a large area of northern
California, this pocket mine was se
lected because of its nearness to the
bay region, while if a mine in the
Grass Valley region had been chosen
the distance would have been greater.
The course will cover approximately
nine days. Professor W. F. Dietrich
will teach mine surveying while Pro
fessor T. J. Hoover will instruct the
class in mine sampling.
This course in practical mining is
the first one of its kind ever given by
a university. The class that is going
to make this trip is now taking a one
unit course in mine surveying this
quarter in order to get all the theo
retical side here.
The Mamouth mine of Jackson, Ama
jdor county, has been selected by Pro
fessors Hoover and Dietrich of the
Mining and Metallurgy department as
the best site for the mine surveying
and sampling course that is to be
given during the spring vacation.
Since the Mother Lode country ex
tends over a large area of northern
California, this pocket mine was se
lected because of its nearness to the
bay region, while if a mine in the
Grass Valley region had been chosen
the distance would have been greater.
The course will cover approximately
nine days. Professor W. F. Dietrich
will teach mine surveying while Pro
fessor T. J. Hoover will instruct the
class in mine sampling.
This course in practical mining is
the first one of its kind ever given by
a university. The class that is going
to make this trip is now taking a one
unit course in mine surveying this
quarter in order to get all the theo
retical side here.
The Mamouth mine of Jackson, Ama
jdor county, has been selected by Pro
fessors Hoover and Dietrich of the
Mining and Metallurgy department as
the best site for the mine surveying
and sampling course that is to be
given during the spring vacation.
Since the Mother Lode country ex
tends over a large area of northern
California, this pocket mine was se
lected because of its nearness to the
bay region, while if a mine in the
Grass Valley region had been chosen
the distance would have been greater.
The course will cover approximately
nine days. Professor W. F. Dietrich
will teach mine surveying while Pro
fessor T. J. Hoover will instruct the
class in mine sampling.
This course in practical mining is
the first one of its kind ever given by
a university. The class that is going
to make this trip is now taking a one
unit course in mine surveying this
quarter in order to get all the theo
retical side here.
The Mamouth mine of Jackson, Ama
jdor county, has been selected by Pro
fessors Hoover and Dietrich of the
Mining and Metallurgy department as
the best site for the mine surveying
and sampling course that is to be
given during the spring vacation.
Since the Mother Lode country ex
tends over a large area of northern
California, this pocket mine was se
lected because of its nearness to the
bay region, while if a mine in the
Grass Valley region had been chosen
the distance would have been greater.
The course will cover approximately
nine days. Professor W. F. Dietrich
will teach mine surveying while Pro
fessor T. J. Hoover will instruct the
class in mine sampling.
This course in practical mining is
the first one of its kind ever given by
a university. The class that is going
to make this trip is now taking a one
unit course in mine surveying this
quarter in order to get all the theo
retical side here.
The Mamouth mine of Jackson, Ama
jdor county, has been selected by Pro
fessors Hoover and Dietrich of the
Mining and Metallurgy department as
the best site for the mine surveying
and sampling course that is to be
given during the spring vacation.
Since the Mother Lode country ex
tends over a large area of northern
California, this pocket mine was se
lected because of its nearness to the
bay region, while if a mine in the
Grass Valley region had been chosen
the distance would have been greater.
The course will cover approximately
nine days. Professor W. F. Dietrich
will teach mine surveying while Pro
fessor T. J. Hoover will instruct the
class in mine sampling.
This course in practical mining is
the first one of its kind ever given by
a university. The class that is going
to make this trip is now taking a one
unit course in mine surveying this
quarter in order to get all the theo
retical side here.
The Mamouth mine of Jackson, Ama
jdor county, has been selected by Pro
fessors Hoover and Dietrich of the
Mining and Metallurgy department as
the best site for the mine surveying
and sampling course that is to be
given during the spring vacation.
Since the Mother Lode country ex
tends over a large area of northern
California, this pocket mine was se
lected because of its nearness to the
bay region, while if a mine in the
Grass Valley region had been chosen
the distance would have been greater.
The course will cover approximately
nine days. Professor W. F. Dietrich
will teach mine surveying while Pro
fessor T. J. Hoover will instruct the
class in mine sampling.
This course in practical mining is
the first one of its kind ever given by
a university. The class that is going
to make this trip is now taking a one
unit course in mine surveying this
quarter in order to get all the theo
retical side here.
The Mamouth mine of Jackson, Ama
jdor county, has been selected by Pro
fessors Hoover and Dietrich of the
Mining and Metallurgy department as
the best site for the mine surveying
and sampling course that is to be
given during the spring vacation.
Since the Mother Lode country ex
tends over a large area of northern
California, this pocket mine was se
lected because of its nearness to the
bay region, while if a mine in the
Grass Valley region had been chosen
the distance would have been greater.
The course will cover approximately
nine days. Professor W. F. Dietrich
will teach mine surveying while Pro
fessor T. J. Hoover will instruct the
class in mine sampling.
This course in practical mining is
the first one of its kind ever given by
a university. The class that is going
to make this trip is now taking a one
unit course in mine surveying this
quarter in order to get all the theo
retical side here.
The Mamouth mine of Jackson, Ama
jdor county, has been selected by Pro
fessors Hoover and Dietrich of the
Mining and Metallurgy department as
the best site for the mine surveying
and sampling course that is to be
given during the spring vacation.
Since the Mother Lode country ex
tends over a large area of northern
California, this pocket mine was se
lected because of its nearness to the
bay region, while if a mine in the
Grass Valley region had been chosen
the distance would have been greater.
The course will cover approximately
nine days. Professor W. F. Dietrich
will teach mine surveying while Pro
fessor T. J. Hoover will instruct the
class in mine sampling.
This course in practical mining is
the first one of its kind ever given by
a university. The class that is going
to make this trip is now taking a one
unit course in mine surveying this
quarter in order to get all the theo
retical side here.
The Mamouth mine of Jackson, Ama
jdor county, has been selected by Pro
fessors Hoover and Dietrich of the
Mining and Metallurgy department as
the best site for the mine surveying
and sampling course that is to be
given during the spring vacation.
Since the Mother Lode country ex
tends over a large area of northern
California, this pocket mine was se
lected because of its nearness to the
bay region, while if a mine in the
Grass Valley region had been chosen
the distance would have been greater.
The course will cover approximately
nine days. Professor W. F. Dietrich
will teach mine surveying while Pro
fessor T. J. Hoover will instruct the
class in mine sampling.
This course in practical mining is
the first one of its kind ever given by
a university. The class that is going
to make this trip is now taking a one
unit course in mine surveying this
quarter in order to get all the theo
retical side here.
The Mamouth mine of Jackson, Ama
jdor county, has been selected by Pro
fessors Hoover and Dietrich of the
Mining and Metallurgy department as
the best site for the mine surveying
and sampling course that is to be
given during the spring vacation.
Since the Mother Lode country ex
tends over a large area of northern
California, this pocket mine was se
lected because of its nearness to the
bay region, while if a mine in the
Grass Valley region had been chosen
the distance would have been greater.
The course will cover approximately
nine days. Professor W. F. Dietrich
will teach mine surveying while Pro
fessor T. J. Hoover will instruct the
class in mine sampling.
This course in practical mining is
the first one of its kind ever given by
a university. The class that is going
to make this trip is now taking a one
unit course in mine surveying this
quarter in order to get all the theo
retical side here.
The Mamouth mine of Jackson, Ama
jdor county, has been selected by Pro
fessors Hoover and Dietrich of the
Mining and Metallurgy department as
the best site for the mine surveying
and sampling course that is to be
given during the spring vacation.
Since the Mother Lode country ex
tends over a large area of northern
California, this pocket mine was se
lected because of its nearness to the
bay region, while if a mine in the
Grass Valley region had been chosen
the distance would have been greater.
The course will cover approximately
nine days. Professor W. F. Dietrich
will teach mine surveying while Pro
fessor T. J. Hoover will instruct the
class in mine sampling.
This course in practical mining is
the first one of its kind ever given by
a university. The class that is going
to make this trip is now taking a one
unit course in mine surveying this
quarter in order to get all the theo
retical side here.
The Mamouth mine of Jackson, Ama
jdor county, has been selected by Pro
fessors Hoover and Dietrich of the
Mining and Metallurgy department as
the best site for the mine surveying
and sampling course that is to be
given during the spring vacation.
Since the Mother Lode country ex
tends over a large area of northern
California, this pocket mine was se
lected because of its nearness to the
bay region, while if a mine in the
Grass Valley region had been chosen
the distance would have been greater.
The course will cover approximately
nine days. Professor W. F. Dietrich
will teach mine surveying while Pro
fessor T. J. Hoover will instruct the
class in mine sampling.
This course in practical mining is
the first one of its kind ever given by
a university. The class that is going
to make this trip is now taking a one
unit course in mine surveying this
quarter in order to get all the theo
retical side here.
The Mamouth mine of Jackson, Ama
jdor county, has been selected by Pro
fessors Hoover and Dietrich of the
Mining and Metallurgy department as
the best site for the mine surveying
and sampling course that is to be
given during the spring vacation.
Since the Mother Lode country ex
tends over a large area of northern
California, this pocket mine was se
lected because of its nearness to the
bay region, while if a mine in the
Grass Valley region had been chosen
the distance would have been greater.
The course will cover approximately
nine days. Professor W. F. Dietrich
will teach mine surveying while Pro
fessor T. J. Hoover will instruct the
class in mine sampling.
This course in practical mining is
the first one of its kind ever given by
a university. The class that is going
to make this trip is now taking a one
unit course in mine surveying this
quarter in order to get all the theo
retical side here.
