# Lone Rough Heroically Combats Great Odds in Defense of Law Steps
## 
### 
A tale of heroism has just been
brought to light which tells of a lone
rough who single-handed defended
sacred precincts of the Law Steps from
violation by feminine foot.
It was Sunday, and the Quad was
deserted, with the exception of our
brave young man. Suddenly six women
hove into view around the corner and
advanced, boldly and unhesitatingly,
toward the hallowed legal stairs. Be
fore the rough could, stop them they
had begun to descend. Would the time
honored tradition be broken, without
so much as a voice being lifted in
protest?
Showing no trace of embarrassment
on his noble young face, the lone stu
dent arose and clapped, not with the
timid patting of hand with which ac
tors are applauded, but with that im
perious and commanding banging, of
palms such as Caesar bust have heard
when he returnedt o Rome in triumph.
No woman could stand that sort of
thing. The visitors stopped, stared,
then suddenly they remembered the
tradition. Breaking itno complete and
unorganized retreat they fled back on
the Quad to descend by the legitimate
route.
