# Miss Lothrop to Lecture On Child Labor Amendment
## 
### 
Tonight at 7:30 Miss Margaret
Lothrop of the Economics department
will talk to the Wranglers Club in
the Women's Clubhouse on the Child
Labor Amendment. This is the first
of a series of lectures on current
topics, all of which are open to the
public.
Tonight at 7:30 Miss Margaret
Lothrop of the Economics department
will talk to the Wranglers Club in
the Women's Clubhouse on the Child
Labor Amendment. This is the first
of a series of lectures on current
topics, all of which are open to the
public.
Tonight at 7:30 Miss Margaret
Lothrop of the Economics department
will talk to the Wranglers Club in
the Women's Clubhouse on the Child
Labor Amendment. This is the first
of a series of lectures on current
topics, all of which are open to the
public.
Tonight at 7:30 Miss Margaret
Lothrop of the Economics department
will talk to the Wranglers Club in
the Women's Clubhouse on the Child
Labor Amendment. This is the first
of a series of lectures on current
topics, all of which are open to the
public.
Tonight at 7:30 Miss Margaret
Lothrop of the Economics department
will talk to the Wranglers Club in
the Women's Clubhouse on the Child
Labor Amendment. This is the first
of a series of lectures on current
topics, all of which are open to the
public.
Tonight at 7:30 Miss Margaret
Lothrop of the Economics department
will talk to the Wranglers Club in
the Women's Clubhouse on the Child
Labor Amendment. This is the first
of a series of lectures on current
topics, all of which are open to the
public.
Tonight at 7:30 Miss Margaret
Lothrop of the Economics department
will talk to the Wranglers Club in
the Women's Clubhouse on the Child
Labor Amendment. This is the first
of a series of lectures on current
topics, all of which are open to the
public.
Tonight at 7:30 Miss Margaret
Lothrop of the Economics department
will talk to the Wranglers Club in
the Women's Clubhouse on the Child
Labor Amendment. This is the first
of a series of lectures on current
topics, all of which are open to the
public.
Tonight at 7:30 Miss Margaret
Lothrop of the Economics department
will talk to the Wranglers Club in
the Women's Clubhouse on the Child
Labor Amendment. This is the first
of a series of lectures on current
topics, all of which are open to the
public.
Tonight at 7:30 Miss Margaret
Lothrop of the Economics department
will talk to the Wranglers Club in
the Women's Clubhouse on the Child
Labor Amendment. This is the first
of a series of lectures on current
topics, all of which are open to the
public.
Tonight at 7:30 Miss Margaret
Lothrop of the Economics department
will talk to the Wranglers Club in
the Women's Clubhouse on the Child
Labor Amendment. This is the first
of a series of lectures on current
topics, all of which are open to the
public.
Tonight at 7:30 Miss Margaret
Lothrop of the Economics department
will talk to the Wranglers Club in
the Women's Clubhouse on the Child
Labor Amendment. This is the first
of a series of lectures on current
topics, all of which are open to the
public.
Tonight at 7:30 Miss Margaret
Lothrop of the Economics department
will talk to the Wranglers Club in
the Women's Clubhouse on the Child
Labor Amendment. This is the first
of a series of lectures on current
topics, all of which are open to the
public.
Tonight at 7:30 Miss Margaret
Lothrop of the Economics department
will talk to the Wranglers Club in
the Women's Clubhouse on the Child
Labor Amendment. This is the first
of a series of lectures on current
topics, all of which are open to the
public.
Tonight at 7:30 Miss Margaret
Lothrop of the Economics department
will talk to the Wranglers Club in
the Women's Clubhouse on the Child
Labor Amendment. This is the first
of a series of lectures on current
topics, all of which are open to the
public.
