# MILLER LEAVES TO CONTINUE LECTURES
## 
### 
Francis Miller, assistant student
secretary of the Y. M. C. A. for the
United States and Canada, left this
afternoon to continue his lecture tour
in American colleges after addressing
the campus Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A.
This noon Miller spoke at a luncheon
for the Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A.
cabinets. During the afternoon a spe
cial meeting of the Y. M. C. A. was
held in his honor.
Francis Miller, assistant student
secretary of the Y. M. C. A. for the
United States and Canada, left this
afternoon to continue his lecture tour
in American colleges after addressing
the campus Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A.
This noon Miller spoke at a luncheon
for the Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A.
cabinets. During the afternoon a spe
cial meeting of the Y. M. C. A. was
held in his honor.
Francis Miller, assistant student
secretary of the Y. M. C. A. for the
United States and Canada, left this
afternoon to continue his lecture tour
in American colleges after addressing
the campus Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A.
This noon Miller spoke at a luncheon
for the Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A.
cabinets. During the afternoon a spe
cial meeting of the Y. M. C. A. was
held in his honor.
Francis Miller, assistant student
secretary of the Y. M. C. A. for the
United States and Canada, left this
afternoon to continue his lecture tour
in American colleges after addressing
the campus Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A.
This noon Miller spoke at a luncheon
for the Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A.
cabinets. During the afternoon a spe
cial meeting of the Y. M. C. A. was
held in his honor.
Francis Miller, assistant student
secretary of the Y. M. C. A. for the
United States and Canada, left this
afternoon to continue his lecture tour
in American colleges after addressing
the campus Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A.
This noon Miller spoke at a luncheon
for the Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A.
cabinets. During the afternoon a spe
cial meeting of the Y. M. C. A. was
held in his honor.
Francis Miller, assistant student
secretary of the Y. M. C. A. for the
United States and Canada, left this
afternoon to continue his lecture tour
in American colleges after addressing
the campus Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A.
This noon Miller spoke at a luncheon
for the Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A.
cabinets. During the afternoon a spe
cial meeting of the Y. M. C. A. was
held in his honor.
Francis Miller, assistant student
secretary of the Y. M. C. A. for the
United States and Canada, left this
afternoon to continue his lecture tour
in American colleges after addressing
the campus Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A.
This noon Miller spoke at a luncheon
for the Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A.
cabinets. During the afternoon a spe
cial meeting of the Y. M. C. A. was
held in his honor.
Francis Miller, assistant student
secretary of the Y. M. C. A. for the
United States and Canada, left this
afternoon to continue his lecture tour
in American colleges after addressing
the campus Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A.
This noon Miller spoke at a luncheon
for the Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A.
cabinets. During the afternoon a spe
cial meeting of the Y. M. C. A. was
held in his honor.
Francis Miller, assistant student
secretary of the Y. M. C. A. for the
United States and Canada, left this
afternoon to continue his lecture tour
in American colleges after addressing
the campus Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A.
This noon Miller spoke at a luncheon
for the Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A.
cabinets. During the afternoon a spe
cial meeting of the Y. M. C. A. was
held in his honor.
Francis Miller, assistant student
secretary of the Y. M. C. A. for the
United States and Canada, left this
afternoon to continue his lecture tour
in American colleges after addressing
the campus Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A.
This noon Miller spoke at a luncheon
for the Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A.
cabinets. During the afternoon a spe
cial meeting of the Y. M. C. A. was
held in his honor.
Francis Miller, assistant student
secretary of the Y. M. C. A. for the
United States and Canada, left this
afternoon to continue his lecture tour
in American colleges after addressing
the campus Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A.
This noon Miller spoke at a luncheon
for the Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A.
cabinets. During the afternoon a spe
cial meeting of the Y. M. C. A. was
held in his honor.
Francis Miller, assistant student
secretary of the Y. M. C. A. for the
United States and Canada, left this
afternoon to continue his lecture tour
in American colleges after addressing
the campus Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A.
This noon Miller spoke at a luncheon
for the Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A.
cabinets. During the afternoon a spe
cial meeting of the Y. M. C. A. was
held in his honor.
Francis Miller, assistant student
secretary of the Y. M. C. A. for the
United States and Canada, left this
afternoon to continue his lecture tour
in American colleges after addressing
the campus Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A.
This noon Miller spoke at a luncheon
for the Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A.
cabinets. During the afternoon a spe
cial meeting of the Y. M. C. A. was
held in his honor.
Francis Miller, assistant student
secretary of the Y. M. C. A. for the
United States and Canada, left this
afternoon to continue his lecture tour
in American colleges after addressing
the campus Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A.
This noon Miller spoke at a luncheon
for the Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A.
cabinets. During the afternoon a spe
cial meeting of the Y. M. C. A. was
held in his honor.
Francis Miller, assistant student
secretary of the Y. M. C. A. for the
United States and Canada, left this
afternoon to continue his lecture tour
in American colleges after addressing
the campus Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A.
This noon Miller spoke at a luncheon
for the Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A.
cabinets. During the afternoon a spe
cial meeting of the Y. M. C. A. was
held in his honor.
