# O.S.C. WORKS ON 'T'
## 
### 
CORVALLIS. Ore., Nov. 13 (UP).
—Coach Lon Stiner worked his Ore
gon Slate College gridders on de
fense against the tricky Stanford
"T formation today in preparation
for their encounter with the In
dians at Palo Alto next Saturday.
CORVALLIS. Ore., Nov. 13 (UP).
—Coach Lon Stiner worked his Ore
gon Slate College gridders on de
fense against the tricky Stanford
"T formation today in preparation
for their encounter with the In
dians at Palo Alto next Saturday.
CORVALLIS. Ore., Nov. 13 (UP).
—Coach Lon Stiner worked his Ore
gon Slate College gridders on de
fense against the tricky Stanford
"T formation today in preparation
for their encounter with the In
dians at Palo Alto next Saturday.
CORVALLIS. Ore., Nov. 13 (UP).
—Coach Lon Stiner worked his Ore
gon Slate College gridders on de
fense against the tricky Stanford
"T formation today in preparation
for their encounter with the In
dians at Palo Alto next Saturday.
CORVALLIS. Ore., Nov. 13 (UP).
—Coach Lon Stiner worked his Ore
gon Slate College gridders on de
fense against the tricky Stanford
"T formation today in preparation
for their encounter with the In
dians at Palo Alto next Saturday.
CORVALLIS. Ore., Nov. 13 (UP).
—Coach Lon Stiner worked his Ore
gon Slate College gridders on de
fense against the tricky Stanford
"T formation today in preparation
for their encounter with the In
dians at Palo Alto next Saturday.
CORVALLIS. Ore., Nov. 13 (UP).
—Coach Lon Stiner worked his Ore
gon Slate College gridders on de
fense against the tricky Stanford
"T formation today in preparation
for their encounter with the In
dians at Palo Alto next Saturday.
CORVALLIS. Ore., Nov. 13 (UP).
—Coach Lon Stiner worked his Ore
gon Slate College gridders on de
fense against the tricky Stanford
"T formation today in preparation
for their encounter with the In
dians at Palo Alto next Saturday.
CORVALLIS. Ore., Nov. 13 (UP).
—Coach Lon Stiner worked his Ore
gon Slate College gridders on de
fense against the tricky Stanford
"T formation today in preparation
for their encounter with the In
dians at Palo Alto next Saturday.
CORVALLIS. Ore., Nov. 13 (UP).
—Coach Lon Stiner worked his Ore
gon Slate College gridders on de
fense against the tricky Stanford
"T formation today in preparation
for their encounter with the In
dians at Palo Alto next Saturday.
CORVALLIS. Ore., Nov. 13 (UP).
—Coach Lon Stiner worked his Ore
gon Slate College gridders on de
fense against the tricky Stanford
"T formation today in preparation
for their encounter with the In
dians at Palo Alto next Saturday.
CORVALLIS. Ore., Nov. 13 (UP).
—Coach Lon Stiner worked his Ore
gon Slate College gridders on de
fense against the tricky Stanford
"T formation today in preparation
for their encounter with the In
dians at Palo Alto next Saturday.
CORVALLIS. Ore., Nov. 13 (UP).
—Coach Lon Stiner worked his Ore
gon Slate College gridders on de
fense against the tricky Stanford
"T formation today in preparation
for their encounter with the In
dians at Palo Alto next Saturday.
CORVALLIS. Ore., Nov. 13 (UP).
—Coach Lon Stiner worked his Ore
gon Slate College gridders on de
fense against the tricky Stanford
"T formation today in preparation
for their encounter with the In
dians at Palo Alto next Saturday.
CORVALLIS. Ore., Nov. 13 (UP).
—Coach Lon Stiner worked his Ore
gon Slate College gridders on de
fense against the tricky Stanford
"T formation today in preparation
for their encounter with the In
dians at Palo Alto next Saturday.
CORVALLIS. Ore., Nov. 13 (UP).
—Coach Lon Stiner worked his Ore
gon Slate College gridders on de
fense against the tricky Stanford
"T formation today in preparation
for their encounter with the In
dians at Palo Alto next Saturday.
CORVALLIS. Ore., Nov. 13 (UP).
—Coach Lon Stiner worked his Ore
gon Slate College gridders on de
fense against the tricky Stanford
"T formation today in preparation
for their encounter with the In
dians at Palo Alto next Saturday.
