# TRYOUTEES ACCEPTED
## 
### 
All students who tried out for
Gaieties stagecrew and technical
crew were accepted, according to
Pete Wangenheim, stagecrew di
rector.
All students who tried out for
Gaieties stagecrew and technical
crew were accepted, according to
Pete Wangenheim, stagecrew di
rector.
All students who tried out for
Gaieties stagecrew and technical
crew were accepted, according to
Pete Wangenheim, stagecrew di
rector.
All students who tried out for
Gaieties stagecrew and technical
crew were accepted, according to
Pete Wangenheim, stagecrew di
rector.
All students who tried out for
Gaieties stagecrew and technical
crew were accepted, according to
Pete Wangenheim, stagecrew di
rector.
All students who tried out for
Gaieties stagecrew and technical
crew were accepted, according to
Pete Wangenheim, stagecrew di
rector.
All students who tried out for
Gaieties stagecrew and technical
crew were accepted, according to
Pete Wangenheim, stagecrew di
rector.
All students who tried out for
Gaieties stagecrew and technical
crew were accepted, according to
Pete Wangenheim, stagecrew di
rector.
All students who tried out for
Gaieties stagecrew and technical
crew were accepted, according to
Pete Wangenheim, stagecrew di
rector.
All students who tried out for
Gaieties stagecrew and technical
crew were accepted, according to
Pete Wangenheim, stagecrew di
rector.
All students who tried out for
Gaieties stagecrew and technical
crew were accepted, according to
Pete Wangenheim, stagecrew di
rector.
All students who tried out for
Gaieties stagecrew and technical
crew were accepted, according to
Pete Wangenheim, stagecrew di
rector.
All students who tried out for
Gaieties stagecrew and technical
crew were accepted, according to
Pete Wangenheim, stagecrew di
rector.
All students who tried out for
Gaieties stagecrew and technical
crew were accepted, according to
Pete Wangenheim, stagecrew di
rector.
All students who tried out for
Gaieties stagecrew and technical
crew were accepted, according to
Pete Wangenheim, stagecrew di
rector.
All students who tried out for
Gaieties stagecrew and technical
crew were accepted, according to
Pete Wangenheim, stagecrew di
rector.
All students who tried out for
Gaieties stagecrew and technical
crew were accepted, according to
Pete Wangenheim, stagecrew di
rector.
