# PADEREWSKI ARRIVES IN U.S.
## 
### 

AFTER A PERILOUS TRIP. Icfnncc Jan Paderewski. beloved Polish
pianist, arirved in New York on his SOth birthday. With him is his
sister, \lnie. Antonina Wilknnska. lie urged America: "Help Great
llritain—save the world."

AFTER A PERILOUS TRIP. Icfnncc Jan Paderewski. beloved Polish
pianist, arirved in New York on his SOth birthday. With him is his
sister, \lnie. Antonina Wilknnska. lie urged America: "Help Great
llritain—save the world."

AFTER A PERILOUS TRIP. Icfnncc Jan Paderewski. beloved Polish
pianist, arirved in New York on his SOth birthday. With him is his
sister, \lnie. Antonina Wilknnska. lie urged America: "Help Great
llritain—save the world."

AFTER A PERILOUS TRIP. Icfnncc Jan Paderewski. beloved Polish
pianist, arirved in New York on his SOth birthday. With him is his
sister, \lnie. Antonina Wilknnska. lie urged America: "Help Great
llritain—save the world."

AFTER A PERILOUS TRIP. Icfnncc Jan Paderewski. beloved Polish
pianist, arirved in New York on his SOth birthday. With him is his
sister, \lnie. Antonina Wilknnska. lie urged America: "Help Great
llritain—save the world."

AFTER A PERILOUS TRIP. Icfnncc Jan Paderewski. beloved Polish
pianist, arirved in New York on his SOth birthday. With him is his
sister, \lnie. Antonina Wilknnska. lie urged America: "Help Great
llritain—save the world."

AFTER A PERILOUS TRIP. Icfnncc Jan Paderewski. beloved Polish
pianist, arirved in New York on his SOth birthday. With him is his
sister, \lnie. Antonina Wilknnska. lie urged America: "Help Great
llritain—save the world."

AFTER A PERILOUS TRIP. Icfnncc Jan Paderewski. beloved Polish
pianist, arirved in New York on his SOth birthday. With him is his
sister, \lnie. Antonina Wilknnska. lie urged America: "Help Great
llritain—save the world."

AFTER A PERILOUS TRIP. Icfnncc Jan Paderewski. beloved Polish
pianist, arirved in New York on his SOth birthday. With him is his
sister, \lnie. Antonina Wilknnska. lie urged America: "Help Great
llritain—save the world."

AFTER A PERILOUS TRIP. Icfnncc Jan Paderewski. beloved Polish
pianist, arirved in New York on his SOth birthday. With him is his
sister, \lnie. Antonina Wilknnska. lie urged America: "Help Great
llritain—save the world."

AFTER A PERILOUS TRIP. Icfnncc Jan Paderewski. beloved Polish
pianist, arirved in New York on his SOth birthday. With him is his
sister, \lnie. Antonina Wilknnska. lie urged America: "Help Great
llritain—save the world."

AFTER A PERILOUS TRIP. Icfnncc Jan Paderewski. beloved Polish
pianist, arirved in New York on his SOth birthday. With him is his
sister, \lnie. Antonina Wilknnska. lie urged America: "Help Great
llritain—save the world."

AFTER A PERILOUS TRIP. Icfnncc Jan Paderewski. beloved Polish
pianist, arirved in New York on his SOth birthday. With him is his
sister, \lnie. Antonina Wilknnska. lie urged America: "Help Great
llritain—save the world."

AFTER A PERILOUS TRIP. Icfnncc Jan Paderewski. beloved Polish
pianist, arirved in New York on his SOth birthday. With him is his
sister, \lnie. Antonina Wilknnska. lie urged America: "Help Great
llritain—save the world."

AFTER A PERILOUS TRIP. Icfnncc Jan Paderewski. beloved Polish
pianist, arirved in New York on his SOth birthday. With him is his
sister, \lnie. Antonina Wilknnska. lie urged America: "Help Great
llritain—save the world."

AFTER A PERILOUS TRIP. Icfnncc Jan Paderewski. beloved Polish
pianist, arirved in New York on his SOth birthday. With him is his
sister, \lnie. Antonina Wilknnska. lie urged America: "Help Great
llritain—save the world."

AFTER A PERILOUS TRIP. Icfnncc Jan Paderewski. beloved Polish
pianist, arirved in New York on his SOth birthday. With him is his
sister, \lnie. Antonina Wilknnska. lie urged America: "Help Great
llritain—save the world."
