# GREEKS ROUT ITALIANS; ADVANCE 'MOPPING-UP'
## 
### 
BUDAPEST, Nov. 13 (UP). —
Greek forces on the slopes of the
Pindus Mountains in the south
advanced further today, driving
Kalian Alpine troops before them,
the Athens radio broadcast to
night.
The Italians in the Epirus (.south
ern) sector of the front have com
pletely lost the initiative and are
retreating, a radiocast said.
Italian forces which penertated
three miles into Greece on the cen
tral fighting front near Mesaria
were forced to withdraw into Al
bania when they were caught in a
heavy Greek artillery crossfire from
the mountains, according to frontier
dispatches reaching here tonight.
Italian Alpine columns numbering
several thousand men tonight were
reported wandering aimlessly in the
mountains and valleys of the rugged
Pindus region, harassed constantly
by Greek "mopping-up" patrols.
BUDAPEST, Nov. 13 (UP). —
Greek forces on the slopes of the
Pindus Mountains in the south
advanced further today, driving
Kalian Alpine troops before them,
the Athens radio broadcast to
night.
The Italians in the Epirus (.south
ern) sector of the front have com
pletely lost the initiative and are
retreating, a radiocast said.
Italian forces which penertated
three miles into Greece on the cen
tral fighting front near Mesaria
were forced to withdraw into Al
bania when they were caught in a
heavy Greek artillery crossfire from
the mountains, according to frontier
dispatches reaching here tonight.
Italian Alpine columns numbering
several thousand men tonight were
reported wandering aimlessly in the
mountains and valleys of the rugged
Pindus region, harassed constantly
by Greek "mopping-up" patrols.
BUDAPEST, Nov. 13 (UP). —
Greek forces on the slopes of the
Pindus Mountains in the south
advanced further today, driving
Kalian Alpine troops before them,
the Athens radio broadcast to
night.
The Italians in the Epirus (.south
ern) sector of the front have com
pletely lost the initiative and are
retreating, a radiocast said.
Italian forces which penertated
three miles into Greece on the cen
tral fighting front near Mesaria
were forced to withdraw into Al
bania when they were caught in a
heavy Greek artillery crossfire from
the mountains, according to frontier
dispatches reaching here tonight.
Italian Alpine columns numbering
several thousand men tonight were
reported wandering aimlessly in the
mountains and valleys of the rugged
Pindus region, harassed constantly
by Greek "mopping-up" patrols.
BUDAPEST, Nov. 13 (UP). —
Greek forces on the slopes of the
Pindus Mountains in the south
advanced further today, driving
Kalian Alpine troops before them,
the Athens radio broadcast to
night.
The Italians in the Epirus (.south
ern) sector of the front have com
pletely lost the initiative and are
retreating, a radiocast said.
Italian forces which penertated
three miles into Greece on the cen
tral fighting front near Mesaria
were forced to withdraw into Al
bania when they were caught in a
heavy Greek artillery crossfire from
the mountains, according to frontier
dispatches reaching here tonight.
Italian Alpine columns numbering
several thousand men tonight were
reported wandering aimlessly in the
mountains and valleys of the rugged
Pindus region, harassed constantly
by Greek "mopping-up" patrols.
BUDAPEST, Nov. 13 (UP). —
Greek forces on the slopes of the
Pindus Mountains in the south
advanced further today, driving
Kalian Alpine troops before them,
the Athens radio broadcast to
night.
The Italians in the Epirus (.south
ern) sector of the front have com
pletely lost the initiative and are
retreating, a radiocast said.
Italian forces which penertated
three miles into Greece on the cen
tral fighting front near Mesaria
were forced to withdraw into Al
bania when they were caught in a
heavy Greek artillery crossfire from
the mountains, according to frontier
dispatches reaching here tonight.
Italian Alpine columns numbering
several thousand men tonight were
reported wandering aimlessly in the
mountains and valleys of the rugged
Pindus region, harassed constantly
by Greek "mopping-up" patrols.
BUDAPEST, Nov. 13 (UP). —
Greek forces on the slopes of the
Pindus Mountains in the south
advanced further today, driving
Kalian Alpine troops before them,
the Athens radio broadcast to
night.
The Italians in the Epirus (.south
ern) sector of the front have com
pletely lost the initiative and are
retreating, a radiocast said.
Italian forces which penertated
three miles into Greece on the cen
tral fighting front near Mesaria
were forced to withdraw into Al
bania when they were caught in a
heavy Greek artillery crossfire from
the mountains, according to frontier
dispatches reaching here tonight.
Italian Alpine columns numbering
several thousand men tonight were
reported wandering aimlessly in the
mountains and valleys of the rugged
Pindus region, harassed constantly
by Greek "mopping-up" patrols.
BUDAPEST, Nov. 13 (UP). —
Greek forces on the slopes of the
Pindus Mountains in the south
advanced further today, driving
Kalian Alpine troops before them,
the Athens radio broadcast to
night.
The Italians in the Epirus (.south
ern) sector of the front have com
pletely lost the initiative and are
retreating, a radiocast said.
Italian forces which penertated
three miles into Greece on the cen
tral fighting front near Mesaria
were forced to withdraw into Al
bania when they were caught in a
heavy Greek artillery crossfire from
the mountains, according to frontier
dispatches reaching here tonight.
Italian Alpine columns numbering
several thousand men tonight were
reported wandering aimlessly in the
mountains and valleys of the rugged
Pindus region, harassed constantly
by Greek "mopping-up" patrols.
BUDAPEST, Nov. 13 (UP). —
Greek forces on the slopes of the
Pindus Mountains in the south
advanced further today, driving
Kalian Alpine troops before them,
the Athens radio broadcast to
night.
The Italians in the Epirus (.south
ern) sector of the front have com
pletely lost the initiative and are
retreating, a radiocast said.
Italian forces which penertated
three miles into Greece on the cen
tral fighting front near Mesaria
were forced to withdraw into Al
bania when they were caught in a
heavy Greek artillery crossfire from
the mountains, according to frontier
dispatches reaching here tonight.
Italian Alpine columns numbering
several thousand men tonight were
reported wandering aimlessly in the
mountains and valleys of the rugged
Pindus region, harassed constantly
by Greek "mopping-up" patrols.
BUDAPEST, Nov. 13 (UP). —
Greek forces on the slopes of the
Pindus Mountains in the south
advanced further today, driving
Kalian Alpine troops before them,
the Athens radio broadcast to
night.
The Italians in the Epirus (.south
ern) sector of the front have com
pletely lost the initiative and are
retreating, a radiocast said.
Italian forces which penertated
three miles into Greece on the cen
tral fighting front near Mesaria
were forced to withdraw into Al
bania when they were caught in a
heavy Greek artillery crossfire from
the mountains, according to frontier
dispatches reaching here tonight.
Italian Alpine columns numbering
several thousand men tonight were
reported wandering aimlessly in the
mountains and valleys of the rugged
Pindus region, harassed constantly
by Greek "mopping-up" patrols.
BUDAPEST, Nov. 13 (UP). —
Greek forces on the slopes of the
Pindus Mountains in the south
advanced further today, driving
Kalian Alpine troops before them,
the Athens radio broadcast to
night.
The Italians in the Epirus (.south
ern) sector of the front have com
pletely lost the initiative and are
retreating, a radiocast said.
Italian forces which penertated
three miles into Greece on the cen
tral fighting front near Mesaria
were forced to withdraw into Al
bania when they were caught in a
heavy Greek artillery crossfire from
the mountains, according to frontier
dispatches reaching here tonight.
Italian Alpine columns numbering
several thousand men tonight were
reported wandering aimlessly in the
mountains and valleys of the rugged
Pindus region, harassed constantly
by Greek "mopping-up" patrols.
BUDAPEST, Nov. 13 (UP). —
Greek forces on the slopes of the
Pindus Mountains in the south
advanced further today, driving
Kalian Alpine troops before them,
the Athens radio broadcast to
night.
The Italians in the Epirus (.south
ern) sector of the front have com
pletely lost the initiative and are
retreating, a radiocast said.
Italian forces which penertated
three miles into Greece on the cen
tral fighting front near Mesaria
were forced to withdraw into Al
bania when they were caught in a
heavy Greek artillery crossfire from
the mountains, according to frontier
dispatches reaching here tonight.
Italian Alpine columns numbering
several thousand men tonight were
reported wandering aimlessly in the
mountains and valleys of the rugged
Pindus region, harassed constantly
by Greek "mopping-up" patrols.
BUDAPEST, Nov. 13 (UP). —
Greek forces on the slopes of the
Pindus Mountains in the south
advanced further today, driving
Kalian Alpine troops before them,
the Athens radio broadcast to
night.
The Italians in the Epirus (.south
ern) sector of the front have com
pletely lost the initiative and are
retreating, a radiocast said.
Italian forces which penertated
three miles into Greece on the cen
tral fighting front near Mesaria
were forced to withdraw into Al
bania when they were caught in a
heavy Greek artillery crossfire from
the mountains, according to frontier
dispatches reaching here tonight.
Italian Alpine columns numbering
several thousand men tonight were
reported wandering aimlessly in the
mountains and valleys of the rugged
Pindus region, harassed constantly
by Greek "mopping-up" patrols.
BUDAPEST, Nov. 13 (UP). —
Greek forces on the slopes of the
Pindus Mountains in the south
advanced further today, driving
Kalian Alpine troops before them,
the Athens radio broadcast to
night.
The Italians in the Epirus (.south
ern) sector of the front have com
pletely lost the initiative and are
retreating, a radiocast said.
Italian forces which penertated
three miles into Greece on the cen
tral fighting front near Mesaria
were forced to withdraw into Al
bania when they were caught in a
heavy Greek artillery crossfire from
the mountains, according to frontier
dispatches reaching here tonight.
Italian Alpine columns numbering
several thousand men tonight were
reported wandering aimlessly in the
mountains and valleys of the rugged
Pindus region, harassed constantly
by Greek "mopping-up" patrols.
BUDAPEST, Nov. 13 (UP). —
Greek forces on the slopes of the
Pindus Mountains in the south
advanced further today, driving
Kalian Alpine troops before them,
the Athens radio broadcast to
night.
The Italians in the Epirus (.south
ern) sector of the front have com
pletely lost the initiative and are
retreating, a radiocast said.
Italian forces which penertated
three miles into Greece on the cen
tral fighting front near Mesaria
were forced to withdraw into Al
bania when they were caught in a
heavy Greek artillery crossfire from
the mountains, according to frontier
dispatches reaching here tonight.
Italian Alpine columns numbering
several thousand men tonight were
reported wandering aimlessly in the
mountains and valleys of the rugged
Pindus region, harassed constantly
by Greek "mopping-up" patrols.
BUDAPEST, Nov. 13 (UP). —
Greek forces on the slopes of the
Pindus Mountains in the south
advanced further today, driving
Kalian Alpine troops before them,
the Athens radio broadcast to
night.
The Italians in the Epirus (.south
ern) sector of the front have com
pletely lost the initiative and are
retreating, a radiocast said.
Italian forces which penertated
three miles into Greece on the cen
tral fighting front near Mesaria
were forced to withdraw into Al
bania when they were caught in a
heavy Greek artillery crossfire from
the mountains, according to frontier
dispatches reaching here tonight.
Italian Alpine columns numbering
several thousand men tonight were
reported wandering aimlessly in the
mountains and valleys of the rugged
Pindus region, harassed constantly
by Greek "mopping-up" patrols.
BUDAPEST, Nov. 13 (UP). —
Greek forces on the slopes of the
Pindus Mountains in the south
advanced further today, driving
Kalian Alpine troops before them,
the Athens radio broadcast to
night.
The Italians in the Epirus (.south
ern) sector of the front have com
pletely lost the initiative and are
retreating, a radiocast said.
Italian forces which penertated
three miles into Greece on the cen
tral fighting front near Mesaria
were forced to withdraw into Al
bania when they were caught in a
heavy Greek artillery crossfire from
the mountains, according to frontier
dispatches reaching here tonight.
Italian Alpine columns numbering
several thousand men tonight were
reported wandering aimlessly in the
mountains and valleys of the rugged
Pindus region, harassed constantly
by Greek "mopping-up" patrols.
BUDAPEST, Nov. 13 (UP). —
Greek forces on the slopes of the
Pindus Mountains in the south
advanced further today, driving
Kalian Alpine troops before them,
the Athens radio broadcast to
night.
The Italians in the Epirus (.south
ern) sector of the front have com
pletely lost the initiative and are
retreating, a radiocast said.
Italian forces which penertated
three miles into Greece on the cen
tral fighting front near Mesaria
were forced to withdraw into Al
bania when they were caught in a
heavy Greek artillery crossfire from
the mountains, according to frontier
dispatches reaching here tonight.
Italian Alpine columns numbering
several thousand men tonight were
reported wandering aimlessly in the
mountains and valleys of the rugged
Pindus region, harassed constantly
by Greek "mopping-up" patrols.
