# CHESSE HAILED AS DOLL GENIUS
## Creator Of Puppet Shows To Appear Here 
### 
As the successful owner and op
erator of a strictly one-man job,
Ralph Chesse, puppet genius, has
achieved national recognition among
critics and lovers of the stage. He
has been heralded in the East and
South, as well as on the Pacific Coast,
as the creator of the first puppet,
"Hamlet."
Beginning his career in the Little
Theatre in New Orleans, Chesse
learned to be boss and apprentice in
one. He carves his own puppets,
paints and clothes them, making
them almost real. Chesse designs his
own sets, plans the scenery and prop
erties, over-sees the lighting and
shadow effects.
Chesse reads the parts for his pup
pets. In the production of Eugene
O'Neill's "Emperor Jones," which
will be presented on the campus next
Wednesday evening for the benefit of
the Women's Gym Fund, he will read
the prologue, Vachel Lindsay's "Con
go," and will also take the part of
the big, swash-buckling negro, the
Emperor. He will be assisted by
John Carter Ford, who will read the
lines of Smithers, the one white man
in the cast.
It has been said that all painters
aspire to a one-man exhibit, but at
best a group of canvasses is a cold
show when compared with the vi
tality of the puppet stage.
As the successful owner and op
erator of a strictly one-man job,
Ralph Chesse, puppet genius, has
achieved national recognition among
critics and lovers of the stage. He
has been heralded in the East and
South, as well as on the Pacific Coast,
as the creator of the first puppet,
"Hamlet."
Beginning his career in the Little
Theatre in New Orleans, Chesse
learned to be boss and apprentice in
one. He carves his own puppets,
paints and clothes them, making
them almost real. Chesse designs his
own sets, plans the scenery and prop
erties, over-sees the lighting and
shadow effects.
Chesse reads the parts for his pup
pets. In the production of Eugene
O'Neill's "Emperor Jones," which
will be presented on the campus next
Wednesday evening for the benefit of
the Women's Gym Fund, he will read
the prologue, Vachel Lindsay's "Con
go," and will also take the part of
the big, swash-buckling negro, the
Emperor. He will be assisted by
John Carter Ford, who will read the
lines of Smithers, the one white man
in the cast.
It has been said that all painters
aspire to a one-man exhibit, but at
best a group of canvasses is a cold
show when compared with the vi
tality of the puppet stage.
As the successful owner and op
erator of a strictly one-man job,
Ralph Chesse, puppet genius, has
achieved national recognition among
critics and lovers of the stage. He
has been heralded in the East and
South, as well as on the Pacific Coast,
as the creator of the first puppet,
"Hamlet."
Beginning his career in the Little
Theatre in New Orleans, Chesse
learned to be boss and apprentice in
one. He carves his own puppets,
paints and clothes them, making
them almost real. Chesse designs his
own sets, plans the scenery and prop
erties, over-sees the lighting and
shadow effects.
Chesse reads the parts for his pup
pets. In the production of Eugene
O'Neill's "Emperor Jones," which
will be presented on the campus next
Wednesday evening for the benefit of
the Women's Gym Fund, he will read
the prologue, Vachel Lindsay's "Con
go," and will also take the part of
the big, swash-buckling negro, the
Emperor. He will be assisted by
John Carter Ford, who will read the
lines of Smithers, the one white man
in the cast.
It has been said that all painters
aspire to a one-man exhibit, but at
best a group of canvasses is a cold
show when compared with the vi
tality of the puppet stage.
As the successful owner and op
erator of a strictly one-man job,
Ralph Chesse, puppet genius, has
achieved national recognition among
critics and lovers of the stage. He
has been heralded in the East and
South, as well as on the Pacific Coast,
as the creator of the first puppet,
"Hamlet."
Beginning his career in the Little
Theatre in New Orleans, Chesse
learned to be boss and apprentice in
one. He carves his own puppets,
paints and clothes them, making
them almost real. Chesse designs his
own sets, plans the scenery and prop
erties, over-sees the lighting and
shadow effects.
Chesse reads the parts for his pup
pets. In the production of Eugene
O'Neill's "Emperor Jones," which
will be presented on the campus next
Wednesday evening for the benefit of
the Women's Gym Fund, he will read
the prologue, Vachel Lindsay's "Con
go," and will also take the part of
the big, swash-buckling negro, the
Emperor. He will be assisted by
John Carter Ford, who will read the
lines of Smithers, the one white man
in the cast.
It has been said that all painters
aspire to a one-man exhibit, but at
best a group of canvasses is a cold
show when compared with the vi
tality of the puppet stage.
As the successful owner and op
erator of a strictly one-man job,
Ralph Chesse, puppet genius, has
achieved national recognition among
critics and lovers of the stage. He
has been heralded in the East and
South, as well as on the Pacific Coast,
as the creator of the first puppet,
"Hamlet."
Beginning his career in the Little
Theatre in New Orleans, Chesse
learned to be boss and apprentice in
one. He carves his own puppets,
paints and clothes them, making
them almost real. Chesse designs his
own sets, plans the scenery and prop
erties, over-sees the lighting and
shadow effects.
Chesse reads the parts for his pup
pets. In the production of Eugene
O'Neill's "Emperor Jones," which
will be presented on the campus next
Wednesday evening for the benefit of
the Women's Gym Fund, he will read
the prologue, Vachel Lindsay's "Con
go," and will also take the part of
the big, swash-buckling negro, the
Emperor. He will be assisted by
John Carter Ford, who will read the
lines of Smithers, the one white man
in the cast.
It has been said that all painters
aspire to a one-man exhibit, but at
best a group of canvasses is a cold
show when compared with the vi
tality of the puppet stage.
As the successful owner and op
erator of a strictly one-man job,
Ralph Chesse, puppet genius, has
achieved national recognition among
critics and lovers of the stage. He
has been heralded in the East and
South, as well as on the Pacific Coast,
as the creator of the first puppet,
"Hamlet."
Beginning his career in the Little
Theatre in New Orleans, Chesse
learned to be boss and apprentice in
one. He carves his own puppets,
paints and clothes them, making
them almost real. Chesse designs his
own sets, plans the scenery and prop
erties, over-sees the lighting and
shadow effects.
Chesse reads the parts for his pup
pets. In the production of Eugene
O'Neill's "Emperor Jones," which
will be presented on the campus next
Wednesday evening for the benefit of
the Women's Gym Fund, he will read
the prologue, Vachel Lindsay's "Con
go," and will also take the part of
the big, swash-buckling negro, the
Emperor. He will be assisted by
John Carter Ford, who will read the
lines of Smithers, the one white man
in the cast.
It has been said that all painters
aspire to a one-man exhibit, but at
best a group of canvasses is a cold
show when compared with the vi
tality of the puppet stage.
As the successful owner and op
erator of a strictly one-man job,
Ralph Chesse, puppet genius, has
achieved national recognition among
critics and lovers of the stage. He
has been heralded in the East and
South, as well as on the Pacific Coast,
as the creator of the first puppet,
"Hamlet."
Beginning his career in the Little
Theatre in New Orleans, Chesse
learned to be boss and apprentice in
one. He carves his own puppets,
paints and clothes them, making
them almost real. Chesse designs his
own sets, plans the scenery and prop
erties, over-sees the lighting and
shadow effects.
Chesse reads the parts for his pup
pets. In the production of Eugene
O'Neill's "Emperor Jones," which
will be presented on the campus next
Wednesday evening for the benefit of
the Women's Gym Fund, he will read
the prologue, Vachel Lindsay's "Con
go," and will also take the part of
the big, swash-buckling negro, the
Emperor. He will be assisted by
John Carter Ford, who will read the
lines of Smithers, the one white man
in the cast.
It has been said that all painters
aspire to a one-man exhibit, but at
best a group of canvasses is a cold
show when compared with the vi
tality of the puppet stage.
As the successful owner and op
erator of a strictly one-man job,
Ralph Chesse, puppet genius, has
achieved national recognition among
critics and lovers of the stage. He
has been heralded in the East and
South, as well as on the Pacific Coast,
as the creator of the first puppet,
"Hamlet."
Beginning his career in the Little
Theatre in New Orleans, Chesse
learned to be boss and apprentice in
one. He carves his own puppets,
paints and clothes them, making
them almost real. Chesse designs his
own sets, plans the scenery and prop
erties, over-sees the lighting and
shadow effects.
Chesse reads the parts for his pup
pets. In the production of Eugene
O'Neill's "Emperor Jones," which
will be presented on the campus next
Wednesday evening for the benefit of
the Women's Gym Fund, he will read
the prologue, Vachel Lindsay's "Con
go," and will also take the part of
the big, swash-buckling negro, the
Emperor. He will be assisted by
John Carter Ford, who will read the
lines of Smithers, the one white man
in the cast.
It has been said that all painters
aspire to a one-man exhibit, but at
best a group of canvasses is a cold
show when compared with the vi
tality of the puppet stage.
As the successful owner and op
erator of a strictly one-man job,
Ralph Chesse, puppet genius, has
achieved national recognition among
critics and lovers of the stage. He
has been heralded in the East and
South, as well as on the Pacific Coast,
as the creator of the first puppet,
"Hamlet."
Beginning his career in the Little
Theatre in New Orleans, Chesse
learned to be boss and apprentice in
one. He carves his own puppets,
paints and clothes them, making
them almost real. Chesse designs his
own sets, plans the scenery and prop
erties, over-sees the lighting and
shadow effects.
Chesse reads the parts for his pup
pets. In the production of Eugene
O'Neill's "Emperor Jones," which
will be presented on the campus next
Wednesday evening for the benefit of
the Women's Gym Fund, he will read
the prologue, Vachel Lindsay's "Con
go," and will also take the part of
the big, swash-buckling negro, the
Emperor. He will be assisted by
John Carter Ford, who will read the
lines of Smithers, the one white man
in the cast.
It has been said that all painters
aspire to a one-man exhibit, but at
best a group of canvasses is a cold
show when compared with the vi
tality of the puppet stage.
As the successful owner and op
erator of a strictly one-man job,
Ralph Chesse, puppet genius, has
achieved national recognition among
critics and lovers of the stage. He
has been heralded in the East and
South, as well as on the Pacific Coast,
as the creator of the first puppet,
"Hamlet."
Beginning his career in the Little
Theatre in New Orleans, Chesse
learned to be boss and apprentice in
one. He carves his own puppets,
paints and clothes them, making
them almost real. Chesse designs his
own sets, plans the scenery and prop
erties, over-sees the lighting and
shadow effects.
Chesse reads the parts for his pup
pets. In the production of Eugene
O'Neill's "Emperor Jones," which
will be presented on the campus next
Wednesday evening for the benefit of
the Women's Gym Fund, he will read
the prologue, Vachel Lindsay's "Con
go," and will also take the part of
the big, swash-buckling negro, the
Emperor. He will be assisted by
John Carter Ford, who will read the
lines of Smithers, the one white man
in the cast.
It has been said that all painters
aspire to a one-man exhibit, but at
best a group of canvasses is a cold
show when compared with the vi
tality of the puppet stage.
As the successful owner and op
erator of a strictly one-man job,
Ralph Chesse, puppet genius, has
achieved national recognition among
critics and lovers of the stage. He
has been heralded in the East and
South, as well as on the Pacific Coast,
as the creator of the first puppet,
"Hamlet."
Beginning his career in the Little
Theatre in New Orleans, Chesse
learned to be boss and apprentice in
one. He carves his own puppets,
paints and clothes them, making
them almost real. Chesse designs his
own sets, plans the scenery and prop
erties, over-sees the lighting and
shadow effects.
Chesse reads the parts for his pup
pets. In the production of Eugene
O'Neill's "Emperor Jones," which
will be presented on the campus next
Wednesday evening for the benefit of
the Women's Gym Fund, he will read
the prologue, Vachel Lindsay's "Con
go," and will also take the part of
the big, swash-buckling negro, the
Emperor. He will be assisted by
John Carter Ford, who will read the
lines of Smithers, the one white man
in the cast.
It has been said that all painters
aspire to a one-man exhibit, but at
best a group of canvasses is a cold
show when compared with the vi
tality of the puppet stage.
As the successful owner and op
erator of a strictly one-man job,
Ralph Chesse, puppet genius, has
achieved national recognition among
critics and lovers of the stage. He
has been heralded in the East and
South, as well as on the Pacific Coast,
as the creator of the first puppet,
"Hamlet."
Beginning his career in the Little
Theatre in New Orleans, Chesse
learned to be boss and apprentice in
one. He carves his own puppets,
paints and clothes them, making
them almost real. Chesse designs his
own sets, plans the scenery and prop
erties, over-sees the lighting and
shadow effects.
Chesse reads the parts for his pup
pets. In the production of Eugene
O'Neill's "Emperor Jones," which
will be presented on the campus next
Wednesday evening for the benefit of
the Women's Gym Fund, he will read
the prologue, Vachel Lindsay's "Con
go," and will also take the part of
the big, swash-buckling negro, the
Emperor. He will be assisted by
John Carter Ford, who will read the
lines of Smithers, the one white man
in the cast.
It has been said that all painters
aspire to a one-man exhibit, but at
best a group of canvasses is a cold
show when compared with the vi
tality of the puppet stage.
As the successful owner and op
erator of a strictly one-man job,
Ralph Chesse, puppet genius, has
achieved national recognition among
critics and lovers of the stage. He
has been heralded in the East and
South, as well as on the Pacific Coast,
as the creator of the first puppet,
"Hamlet."
Beginning his career in the Little
Theatre in New Orleans, Chesse
learned to be boss and apprentice in
one. He carves his own puppets,
paints and clothes them, making
them almost real. Chesse designs his
own sets, plans the scenery and prop
erties, over-sees the lighting and
shadow effects.
Chesse reads the parts for his pup
pets. In the production of Eugene
O'Neill's "Emperor Jones," which
will be presented on the campus next
Wednesday evening for the benefit of
the Women's Gym Fund, he will read
the prologue, Vachel Lindsay's "Con
go," and will also take the part of
the big, swash-buckling negro, the
Emperor. He will be assisted by
John Carter Ford, who will read the
lines of Smithers, the one white man
in the cast.
It has been said that all painters
aspire to a one-man exhibit, but at
best a group of canvasses is a cold
show when compared with the vi
tality of the puppet stage.
As the successful owner and op
erator of a strictly one-man job,
Ralph Chesse, puppet genius, has
achieved national recognition among
critics and lovers of the stage. He
has been heralded in the East and
South, as well as on the Pacific Coast,
as the creator of the first puppet,
"Hamlet."
Beginning his career in the Little
Theatre in New Orleans, Chesse
learned to be boss and apprentice in
one. He carves his own puppets,
paints and clothes them, making
them almost real. Chesse designs his
own sets, plans the scenery and prop
erties, over-sees the lighting and
shadow effects.
Chesse reads the parts for his pup
pets. In the production of Eugene
O'Neill's "Emperor Jones," which
will be presented on the campus next
Wednesday evening for the benefit of
the Women's Gym Fund, he will read
the prologue, Vachel Lindsay's "Con
go," and will also take the part of
the big, swash-buckling negro, the
Emperor. He will be assisted by
John Carter Ford, who will read the
lines of Smithers, the one white man
in the cast.
It has been said that all painters
aspire to a one-man exhibit, but at
best a group of canvasses is a cold
show when compared with the vi
tality of the puppet stage.
As the successful owner and op
erator of a strictly one-man job,
Ralph Chesse, puppet genius, has
achieved national recognition among
critics and lovers of the stage. He
has been heralded in the East and
South, as well as on the Pacific Coast,
as the creator of the first puppet,
"Hamlet."
Beginning his career in the Little
Theatre in New Orleans, Chesse
learned to be boss and apprentice in
one. He carves his own puppets,
paints and clothes them, making
them almost real. Chesse designs his
own sets, plans the scenery and prop
erties, over-sees the lighting and
shadow effects.
Chesse reads the parts for his pup
pets. In the production of Eugene
O'Neill's "Emperor Jones," which
will be presented on the campus next
Wednesday evening for the benefit of
the Women's Gym Fund, he will read
the prologue, Vachel Lindsay's "Con
go," and will also take the part of
the big, swash-buckling negro, the
Emperor. He will be assisted by
John Carter Ford, who will read the
lines of Smithers, the one white man
in the cast.
It has been said that all painters
aspire to a one-man exhibit, but at
best a group of canvasses is a cold
show when compared with the vi
tality of the puppet stage.
