# SELECT AIDS FOR WOMEN'S GYM BENEFIT
## Three Women Appointed To Aid With Kaffee Klatsch Here 
### 
Margery Thomas, Bessie Falk, and
Marian Terwilliger will assist in di
recting the activities of the Kaffee
Klatsch to be held in the new wo
men's gymnasium on University Day,
April 18. They were appointed by
Louise Dohrmann, undergraduate
chairman, at a meeting of the aux
iliary of the women's gymnasium
committee yesterday afternoon in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Margery Thomas is to be chairman
of the guides who will conduct guests
through the gymnasium, explaining
its various features. Bessie Falk and
Marian Terwilliger will dircct the
seating arrangements and serving of
refreshments at the Kaffee Klatsch.
Committees Named
Fruit and nuts which have been
donated will be sold under "the su
pervision of a committee consisting
of Margaret McDougall, chairman,
Phyllis Doane, Emily Chase, Barbara
Young, Margaret Newcomer, Betty
Davidson, Sandy Leib, and Conchita
Porelli-Minetti.
Tickets for Kaflee Klatsch will
be sold by a committee composed of
Mrs. P. A. Ross of Palo Alto, Mrs.
Elizabeth Vaughn, and Marion Slon
aker, undergraduate chairman.
Make Donations
A donation of $150 worth of Camel
cigarettes has been made through
William R. Gunther of the Stanford
Union. These will be sold at the va
rious concessions. Clifton S. Slona
ker has given 1,000 tickets for thi
morning activities.
A supply of paper commodities,
consisting of large paper bags, candy
bags, and paper napkins, which will
be used at the concessions at the
trackmeet in the afternoon has been
donated by Leon Sloss of Sail Fran
cisco.
