# FRANCE, U.S. REQUEST PACIFIC SOLUTION OF RUSSIAN-CHINESE WAR
## 
### 
PARIS, Dec. 2. (/P) â€”France and the
United States, sponsors of the Kel
logg-Briand Peace Pact, have sent
notes to Russia and China, as signa
tories of the pact, calling attention
particularly to the pact's provision
that all disputes should be settled by
pacific means.
In a note that is practically identi
cal with that of the United States,
France expressed her hope that Rus
sia and China would refrain from hos
tile measures and find a peaceful so
lution for their controversy in Man
churia.
Early proposals for a collective note
were abandoned. Instead, the United
States sent a note to China through
the American minister and dispatched
a similar note to Russia through the
French foreign office and the French
ambassador in Moscow.
