# Mississippi Valley Hit By New Wave Of Icy Weather
## 
### 
CHICAGO, Dec. 2. (/P) —A new zero
wave today spread over the Missis
sippi Valley, already glazed with Ice
and choked with snow, but in its wake
came a promise of rising tempera
tures.
Temperatures generally were higher
than Sunday's sub-zero readings, but
were still considerably below normal.
The coldest spot in the area was
Devil's Lake, N.D., with a reading of
14 below.
CHICAGO, Dec. 2. (/P) —A new zero
wave today spread over the Missis
sippi Valley, already glazed with Ice
and choked with snow, but in its wake
came a promise of rising tempera
tures.
Temperatures generally were higher
than Sunday's sub-zero readings, but
were still considerably below normal.
The coldest spot in the area was
Devil's Lake, N.D., with a reading of
14 below.
CHICAGO, Dec. 2. (/P) —A new zero
wave today spread over the Missis
sippi Valley, already glazed with Ice
and choked with snow, but in its wake
came a promise of rising tempera
tures.
Temperatures generally were higher
than Sunday's sub-zero readings, but
were still considerably below normal.
The coldest spot in the area was
Devil's Lake, N.D., with a reading of
14 below.
CHICAGO, Dec. 2. (/P) —A new zero
wave today spread over the Missis
sippi Valley, already glazed with Ice
and choked with snow, but in its wake
came a promise of rising tempera
tures.
Temperatures generally were higher
than Sunday's sub-zero readings, but
were still considerably below normal.
The coldest spot in the area was
Devil's Lake, N.D., with a reading of
14 below.
CHICAGO, Dec. 2. (/P) —A new zero
wave today spread over the Missis
sippi Valley, already glazed with Ice
and choked with snow, but in its wake
came a promise of rising tempera
tures.
Temperatures generally were higher
than Sunday's sub-zero readings, but
were still considerably below normal.
The coldest spot in the area was
Devil's Lake, N.D., with a reading of
14 below.
CHICAGO, Dec. 2. (/P) —A new zero
wave today spread over the Missis
sippi Valley, already glazed with Ice
and choked with snow, but in its wake
came a promise of rising tempera
tures.
Temperatures generally were higher
than Sunday's sub-zero readings, but
were still considerably below normal.
The coldest spot in the area was
Devil's Lake, N.D., with a reading of
14 below.
CHICAGO, Dec. 2. (/P) —A new zero
wave today spread over the Missis
sippi Valley, already glazed with Ice
and choked with snow, but in its wake
came a promise of rising tempera
tures.
Temperatures generally were higher
than Sunday's sub-zero readings, but
were still considerably below normal.
The coldest spot in the area was
Devil's Lake, N.D., with a reading of
14 below.
CHICAGO, Dec. 2. (/P) —A new zero
wave today spread over the Missis
sippi Valley, already glazed with Ice
and choked with snow, but in its wake
came a promise of rising tempera
tures.
Temperatures generally were higher
than Sunday's sub-zero readings, but
were still considerably below normal.
The coldest spot in the area was
Devil's Lake, N.D., with a reading of
14 below.
CHICAGO, Dec. 2. (/P) —A new zero
wave today spread over the Missis
sippi Valley, already glazed with Ice
and choked with snow, but in its wake
came a promise of rising tempera
tures.
Temperatures generally were higher
than Sunday's sub-zero readings, but
were still considerably below normal.
The coldest spot in the area was
Devil's Lake, N.D., with a reading of
14 below.
CHICAGO, Dec. 2. (/P) —A new zero
wave today spread over the Missis
sippi Valley, already glazed with Ice
and choked with snow, but in its wake
came a promise of rising tempera
tures.
Temperatures generally were higher
than Sunday's sub-zero readings, but
were still considerably below normal.
The coldest spot in the area was
Devil's Lake, N.D., with a reading of
14 below.
CHICAGO, Dec. 2. (/P) —A new zero
wave today spread over the Missis
sippi Valley, already glazed with Ice
and choked with snow, but in its wake
came a promise of rising tempera
tures.
Temperatures generally were higher
than Sunday's sub-zero readings, but
were still considerably below normal.
The coldest spot in the area was
Devil's Lake, N.D., with a reading of
14 below.
CHICAGO, Dec. 2. (/P) —A new zero
wave today spread over the Missis
sippi Valley, already glazed with Ice
and choked with snow, but in its wake
came a promise of rising tempera
tures.
Temperatures generally were higher
than Sunday's sub-zero readings, but
were still considerably below normal.
The coldest spot in the area was
Devil's Lake, N.D., with a reading of
14 below.
CHICAGO, Dec. 2. (/P) —A new zero
wave today spread over the Missis
sippi Valley, already glazed with Ice
and choked with snow, but in its wake
came a promise of rising tempera
tures.
Temperatures generally were higher
than Sunday's sub-zero readings, but
were still considerably below normal.
The coldest spot in the area was
Devil's Lake, N.D., with a reading of
14 below.
CHICAGO, Dec. 2. (/P) —A new zero
wave today spread over the Missis
sippi Valley, already glazed with Ice
and choked with snow, but in its wake
came a promise of rising tempera
tures.
Temperatures generally were higher
than Sunday's sub-zero readings, but
were still considerably below normal.
The coldest spot in the area was
Devil's Lake, N.D., with a reading of
14 below.
CHICAGO, Dec. 2. (/P) —A new zero
wave today spread over the Missis
sippi Valley, already glazed with Ice
and choked with snow, but in its wake
came a promise of rising tempera
tures.
Temperatures generally were higher
than Sunday's sub-zero readings, but
were still considerably below normal.
The coldest spot in the area was
Devil's Lake, N.D., with a reading of
14 below.
CHICAGO, Dec. 2. (/P) —A new zero
wave today spread over the Missis
sippi Valley, already glazed with Ice
and choked with snow, but in its wake
came a promise of rising tempera
tures.
Temperatures generally were higher
than Sunday's sub-zero readings, but
were still considerably below normal.
The coldest spot in the area was
Devil's Lake, N.D., with a reading of
14 below.
CHICAGO, Dec. 2. (/P) —A new zero
wave today spread over the Missis
sippi Valley, already glazed with Ice
and choked with snow, but in its wake
came a promise of rising tempera
tures.
Temperatures generally were higher
than Sunday's sub-zero readings, but
were still considerably below normal.
The coldest spot in the area was
Devil's Lake, N.D., with a reading of
14 below.
