# Untitled Article
## 
### 

HONOR ROLE—Miss Lucille
£,omen has achieved dis
tinction of being first wo
man in history of the U. S.
Supreme Court to serve as
law clerk. She assists As
sociate Justice William O
Douglas. Miss Lomen's lived
most of her life in Seattle.
Wash., but was born in
Nome. Alaska

HONOR ROLE—Miss Lucille
£,omen has achieved dis
tinction of being first wo
man in history of the U. S.
Supreme Court to serve as
law clerk. She assists As
sociate Justice William O
Douglas. Miss Lomen's lived
most of her life in Seattle.
Wash., but was born in
Nome. Alaska

HONOR ROLE—Miss Lucille
£,omen has achieved dis
tinction of being first wo
man in history of the U. S.
Supreme Court to serve as
law clerk. She assists As
sociate Justice William O
Douglas. Miss Lomen's lived
most of her life in Seattle.
Wash., but was born in
Nome. Alaska

HONOR ROLE—Miss Lucille
£,omen has achieved dis
tinction of being first wo
man in history of the U. S.
Supreme Court to serve as
law clerk. She assists As
sociate Justice William O
Douglas. Miss Lomen's lived
most of her life in Seattle.
Wash., but was born in
Nome. Alaska

HONOR ROLE—Miss Lucille
£,omen has achieved dis
tinction of being first wo
man in history of the U. S.
Supreme Court to serve as
law clerk. She assists As
sociate Justice William O
Douglas. Miss Lomen's lived
most of her life in Seattle.
Wash., but was born in
Nome. Alaska

HONOR ROLE—Miss Lucille
£,omen has achieved dis
tinction of being first wo
man in history of the U. S.
Supreme Court to serve as
law clerk. She assists As
sociate Justice William O
Douglas. Miss Lomen's lived
most of her life in Seattle.
Wash., but was born in
Nome. Alaska

HONOR ROLE—Miss Lucille
£,omen has achieved dis
tinction of being first wo
man in history of the U. S.
Supreme Court to serve as
law clerk. She assists As
sociate Justice William O
Douglas. Miss Lomen's lived
most of her life in Seattle.
Wash., but was born in
Nome. Alaska

HONOR ROLE—Miss Lucille
£,omen has achieved dis
tinction of being first wo
man in history of the U. S.
Supreme Court to serve as
law clerk. She assists As
sociate Justice William O
Douglas. Miss Lomen's lived
most of her life in Seattle.
Wash., but was born in
Nome. Alaska

HONOR ROLE—Miss Lucille
£,omen has achieved dis
tinction of being first wo
man in history of the U. S.
Supreme Court to serve as
law clerk. She assists As
sociate Justice William O
Douglas. Miss Lomen's lived
most of her life in Seattle.
Wash., but was born in
Nome. Alaska

HONOR ROLE—Miss Lucille
£,omen has achieved dis
tinction of being first wo
man in history of the U. S.
Supreme Court to serve as
law clerk. She assists As
sociate Justice William O
Douglas. Miss Lomen's lived
most of her life in Seattle.
Wash., but was born in
Nome. Alaska

HONOR ROLE—Miss Lucille
£,omen has achieved dis
tinction of being first wo
man in history of the U. S.
Supreme Court to serve as
law clerk. She assists As
sociate Justice William O
Douglas. Miss Lomen's lived
most of her life in Seattle.
Wash., but was born in
Nome. Alaska

HONOR ROLE—Miss Lucille
£,omen has achieved dis
tinction of being first wo
man in history of the U. S.
Supreme Court to serve as
law clerk. She assists As
sociate Justice William O
Douglas. Miss Lomen's lived
most of her life in Seattle.
Wash., but was born in
Nome. Alaska

HONOR ROLE—Miss Lucille
£,omen has achieved dis
tinction of being first wo
man in history of the U. S.
Supreme Court to serve as
law clerk. She assists As
sociate Justice William O
Douglas. Miss Lomen's lived
most of her life in Seattle.
Wash., but was born in
Nome. Alaska

HONOR ROLE—Miss Lucille
£,omen has achieved dis
tinction of being first wo
man in history of the U. S.
Supreme Court to serve as
law clerk. She assists As
sociate Justice William O
Douglas. Miss Lomen's lived
most of her life in Seattle.
Wash., but was born in
Nome. Alaska

HONOR ROLE—Miss Lucille
£,omen has achieved dis
tinction of being first wo
man in history of the U. S.
Supreme Court to serve as
law clerk. She assists As
sociate Justice William O
Douglas. Miss Lomen's lived
most of her life in Seattle.
Wash., but was born in
Nome. Alaska

HONOR ROLE—Miss Lucille
£,omen has achieved dis
tinction of being first wo
man in history of the U. S.
Supreme Court to serve as
law clerk. She assists As
sociate Justice William O
Douglas. Miss Lomen's lived
most of her life in Seattle.
Wash., but was born in
Nome. Alaska

HONOR ROLE—Miss Lucille
£,omen has achieved dis
tinction of being first wo
man in history of the U. S.
Supreme Court to serve as
law clerk. She assists As
sociate Justice William O
Douglas. Miss Lomen's lived
most of her life in Seattle.
Wash., but was born in
Nome. Alaska
