# SWIMMING POOL
## 
### 
The swimming pool in the Women's
Gym will be open from 2 to 4 p.m.
on Sunday if the weather permits.
All students listed in the Bawlout
and all guests of women students
will be welcome.
The swimming pool in the Women's
Gym will be open from 2 to 4 p.m.
on Sunday if the weather permits.
All students listed in the Bawlout
and all guests of women students
will be welcome.
The swimming pool in the Women's
Gym will be open from 2 to 4 p.m.
on Sunday if the weather permits.
All students listed in the Bawlout
and all guests of women students
will be welcome.
The swimming pool in the Women's
Gym will be open from 2 to 4 p.m.
on Sunday if the weather permits.
All students listed in the Bawlout
and all guests of women students
will be welcome.
The swimming pool in the Women's
Gym will be open from 2 to 4 p.m.
on Sunday if the weather permits.
All students listed in the Bawlout
and all guests of women students
will be welcome.
The swimming pool in the Women's
Gym will be open from 2 to 4 p.m.
on Sunday if the weather permits.
All students listed in the Bawlout
and all guests of women students
will be welcome.
The swimming pool in the Women's
Gym will be open from 2 to 4 p.m.
on Sunday if the weather permits.
All students listed in the Bawlout
and all guests of women students
will be welcome.
The swimming pool in the Women's
Gym will be open from 2 to 4 p.m.
on Sunday if the weather permits.
All students listed in the Bawlout
and all guests of women students
will be welcome.
The swimming pool in the Women's
Gym will be open from 2 to 4 p.m.
on Sunday if the weather permits.
All students listed in the Bawlout
and all guests of women students
will be welcome.
The swimming pool in the Women's
Gym will be open from 2 to 4 p.m.
on Sunday if the weather permits.
All students listed in the Bawlout
and all guests of women students
will be welcome.
The swimming pool in the Women's
Gym will be open from 2 to 4 p.m.
on Sunday if the weather permits.
All students listed in the Bawlout
and all guests of women students
will be welcome.
The swimming pool in the Women's
Gym will be open from 2 to 4 p.m.
on Sunday if the weather permits.
All students listed in the Bawlout
and all guests of women students
will be welcome.
The swimming pool in the Women's
Gym will be open from 2 to 4 p.m.
on Sunday if the weather permits.
All students listed in the Bawlout
and all guests of women students
will be welcome.
The swimming pool in the Women's
Gym will be open from 2 to 4 p.m.
on Sunday if the weather permits.
All students listed in the Bawlout
and all guests of women students
will be welcome.
The swimming pool in the Women's
Gym will be open from 2 to 4 p.m.
on Sunday if the weather permits.
All students listed in the Bawlout
and all guests of women students
will be welcome.
The swimming pool in the Women's
Gym will be open from 2 to 4 p.m.
on Sunday if the weather permits.
All students listed in the Bawlout
and all guests of women students
will be welcome.
The swimming pool in the Women's
Gym will be open from 2 to 4 p.m.
on Sunday if the weather permits.
All students listed in the Bawlout
and all guests of women students
will be welcome.
