# First Sermon Set For New Chaplain
## 
### 
Dr. Rev. Dr. Robert S. Eccles, the
new acting chaplain of the Memorial
Church for the fall quarter will give
his first sermon here on the subject
"Painting God's Portrait," this Sun
day, October 22, at the regular 11
a.m. service.
Dr. Eccles, a native of the state of
Washington, received his Master of
Arts degree in 1943 and received his
Bachelor of Divinity degree in Au
gust, 1944.
At present he is on leave of ab
sence from Yale Divinity School in
New Haven.
He is looking forward to becom
ing well acquainted with the stu
dents of Stanford, as he is strongly
interested in young people and their
needs and interests from a religious
viewpoint.
Mr. Eccles does not come as a
stranger to the Farm, for he has at
tended a summer session here as a
student previously.
At the 11 a.m. service this Sunday
the University Choir will present the
Choral Introit and the Anthems
''Praise the Name of the Lord," by
Ivanoff, and"The Praise of God in
Nature," by Beethoven.
