# Hilltop House To Give Tea
## 
### 
The annual fall tea for graduate
women will be given Sunday. Oct. 22,
from 3 to 5 p.m. at Hilltop House.
610 Cabrillo. All graduate women
registered thi§ quarter are invited.
Cake, cookies, tea, and coffee will
be served during the afternoon, and
(he guests will have an opportunity
to see the graduate center and be
come acquainted with each other.
Hilltop House, formerly the resi
dence of Dr. and Mrs. Cubberley,
was given to the University in 1!)41
by Mrs. Cubberley for a graduate
residence. Since that time it has be
come a center for graduate women's
activities.
Committees for the tea are invita
tions, Esther Belew: refreshments,
Frances Lilienthal; and hostess, Bon
nie Jean Magee.
The annual fall tea for graduate
women will be given Sunday. Oct. 22,
from 3 to 5 p.m. at Hilltop House.
610 Cabrillo. All graduate women
registered thi§ quarter are invited.
Cake, cookies, tea, and coffee will
be served during the afternoon, and
(he guests will have an opportunity
to see the graduate center and be
come acquainted with each other.
Hilltop House, formerly the resi
dence of Dr. and Mrs. Cubberley,
was given to the University in 1!)41
by Mrs. Cubberley for a graduate
residence. Since that time it has be
come a center for graduate women's
activities.
Committees for the tea are invita
tions, Esther Belew: refreshments,
Frances Lilienthal; and hostess, Bon
nie Jean Magee.
The annual fall tea for graduate
women will be given Sunday. Oct. 22,
from 3 to 5 p.m. at Hilltop House.
610 Cabrillo. All graduate women
registered thi§ quarter are invited.
Cake, cookies, tea, and coffee will
be served during the afternoon, and
(he guests will have an opportunity
to see the graduate center and be
come acquainted with each other.
Hilltop House, formerly the resi
dence of Dr. and Mrs. Cubberley,
was given to the University in 1!)41
by Mrs. Cubberley for a graduate
residence. Since that time it has be
come a center for graduate women's
activities.
Committees for the tea are invita
tions, Esther Belew: refreshments,
Frances Lilienthal; and hostess, Bon
nie Jean Magee.
The annual fall tea for graduate
women will be given Sunday. Oct. 22,
from 3 to 5 p.m. at Hilltop House.
610 Cabrillo. All graduate women
registered thi§ quarter are invited.
Cake, cookies, tea, and coffee will
be served during the afternoon, and
(he guests will have an opportunity
to see the graduate center and be
come acquainted with each other.
Hilltop House, formerly the resi
dence of Dr. and Mrs. Cubberley,
was given to the University in 1!)41
by Mrs. Cubberley for a graduate
residence. Since that time it has be
come a center for graduate women's
activities.
Committees for the tea are invita
tions, Esther Belew: refreshments,
Frances Lilienthal; and hostess, Bon
nie Jean Magee.
The annual fall tea for graduate
women will be given Sunday. Oct. 22,
from 3 to 5 p.m. at Hilltop House.
610 Cabrillo. All graduate women
registered thi§ quarter are invited.
Cake, cookies, tea, and coffee will
be served during the afternoon, and
(he guests will have an opportunity
to see the graduate center and be
come acquainted with each other.
Hilltop House, formerly the resi
dence of Dr. and Mrs. Cubberley,
was given to the University in 1!)41
by Mrs. Cubberley for a graduate
residence. Since that time it has be
come a center for graduate women's
activities.
Committees for the tea are invita
tions, Esther Belew: refreshments,
Frances Lilienthal; and hostess, Bon
nie Jean Magee.
The annual fall tea for graduate
women will be given Sunday. Oct. 22,
from 3 to 5 p.m. at Hilltop House.
610 Cabrillo. All graduate women
registered thi§ quarter are invited.
Cake, cookies, tea, and coffee will
be served during the afternoon, and
(he guests will have an opportunity
to see the graduate center and be
come acquainted with each other.
Hilltop House, formerly the resi
dence of Dr. and Mrs. Cubberley,
was given to the University in 1!)41
by Mrs. Cubberley for a graduate
residence. Since that time it has be
come a center for graduate women's
activities.
Committees for the tea are invita
tions, Esther Belew: refreshments,
Frances Lilienthal; and hostess, Bon
nie Jean Magee.
The annual fall tea for graduate
women will be given Sunday. Oct. 22,
from 3 to 5 p.m. at Hilltop House.
610 Cabrillo. All graduate women
registered thi§ quarter are invited.
Cake, cookies, tea, and coffee will
be served during the afternoon, and
(he guests will have an opportunity
to see the graduate center and be
come acquainted with each other.
Hilltop House, formerly the resi
dence of Dr. and Mrs. Cubberley,
was given to the University in 1!)41
by Mrs. Cubberley for a graduate
residence. Since that time it has be
come a center for graduate women's
activities.
Committees for the tea are invita
tions, Esther Belew: refreshments,
Frances Lilienthal; and hostess, Bon
nie Jean Magee.
The annual fall tea for graduate
women will be given Sunday. Oct. 22,
from 3 to 5 p.m. at Hilltop House.
610 Cabrillo. All graduate women
registered thi§ quarter are invited.
Cake, cookies, tea, and coffee will
be served during the afternoon, and
(he guests will have an opportunity
to see the graduate center and be
come acquainted with each other.
Hilltop House, formerly the resi
dence of Dr. and Mrs. Cubberley,
was given to the University in 1!)41
by Mrs. Cubberley for a graduate
residence. Since that time it has be
come a center for graduate women's
activities.
Committees for the tea are invita
tions, Esther Belew: refreshments,
Frances Lilienthal; and hostess, Bon
nie Jean Magee.
The annual fall tea for graduate
women will be given Sunday. Oct. 22,
from 3 to 5 p.m. at Hilltop House.
610 Cabrillo. All graduate women
registered thi§ quarter are invited.
Cake, cookies, tea, and coffee will
be served during the afternoon, and
(he guests will have an opportunity
to see the graduate center and be
come acquainted with each other.
Hilltop House, formerly the resi
dence of Dr. and Mrs. Cubberley,
was given to the University in 1!)41
by Mrs. Cubberley for a graduate
residence. Since that time it has be
come a center for graduate women's
activities.
Committees for the tea are invita
tions, Esther Belew: refreshments,
Frances Lilienthal; and hostess, Bon
nie Jean Magee.
The annual fall tea for graduate
women will be given Sunday. Oct. 22,
from 3 to 5 p.m. at Hilltop House.
610 Cabrillo. All graduate women
registered thi§ quarter are invited.
Cake, cookies, tea, and coffee will
be served during the afternoon, and
(he guests will have an opportunity
to see the graduate center and be
come acquainted with each other.
Hilltop House, formerly the resi
dence of Dr. and Mrs. Cubberley,
was given to the University in 1!)41
by Mrs. Cubberley for a graduate
residence. Since that time it has be
come a center for graduate women's
activities.
Committees for the tea are invita
tions, Esther Belew: refreshments,
Frances Lilienthal; and hostess, Bon
nie Jean Magee.
The annual fall tea for graduate
women will be given Sunday. Oct. 22,
from 3 to 5 p.m. at Hilltop House.
610 Cabrillo. All graduate women
registered thi§ quarter are invited.
Cake, cookies, tea, and coffee will
be served during the afternoon, and
(he guests will have an opportunity
to see the graduate center and be
come acquainted with each other.
Hilltop House, formerly the resi
dence of Dr. and Mrs. Cubberley,
was given to the University in 1!)41
by Mrs. Cubberley for a graduate
residence. Since that time it has be
come a center for graduate women's
activities.
Committees for the tea are invita
tions, Esther Belew: refreshments,
Frances Lilienthal; and hostess, Bon
nie Jean Magee.
The annual fall tea for graduate
women will be given Sunday. Oct. 22,
from 3 to 5 p.m. at Hilltop House.
610 Cabrillo. All graduate women
registered thi§ quarter are invited.
Cake, cookies, tea, and coffee will
be served during the afternoon, and
(he guests will have an opportunity
to see the graduate center and be
come acquainted with each other.
Hilltop House, formerly the resi
dence of Dr. and Mrs. Cubberley,
was given to the University in 1!)41
by Mrs. Cubberley for a graduate
residence. Since that time it has be
come a center for graduate women's
activities.
Committees for the tea are invita
tions, Esther Belew: refreshments,
Frances Lilienthal; and hostess, Bon
nie Jean Magee.
The annual fall tea for graduate
women will be given Sunday. Oct. 22,
from 3 to 5 p.m. at Hilltop House.
610 Cabrillo. All graduate women
registered thi§ quarter are invited.
Cake, cookies, tea, and coffee will
be served during the afternoon, and
(he guests will have an opportunity
to see the graduate center and be
come acquainted with each other.
Hilltop House, formerly the resi
dence of Dr. and Mrs. Cubberley,
was given to the University in 1!)41
by Mrs. Cubberley for a graduate
residence. Since that time it has be
come a center for graduate women's
activities.
Committees for the tea are invita
tions, Esther Belew: refreshments,
Frances Lilienthal; and hostess, Bon
nie Jean Magee.
The annual fall tea for graduate
women will be given Sunday. Oct. 22,
from 3 to 5 p.m. at Hilltop House.
610 Cabrillo. All graduate women
registered thi§ quarter are invited.
Cake, cookies, tea, and coffee will
be served during the afternoon, and
(he guests will have an opportunity
to see the graduate center and be
come acquainted with each other.
Hilltop House, formerly the resi
dence of Dr. and Mrs. Cubberley,
was given to the University in 1!)41
by Mrs. Cubberley for a graduate
residence. Since that time it has be
come a center for graduate women's
activities.
Committees for the tea are invita
tions, Esther Belew: refreshments,
Frances Lilienthal; and hostess, Bon
nie Jean Magee.
The annual fall tea for graduate
women will be given Sunday. Oct. 22,
from 3 to 5 p.m. at Hilltop House.
610 Cabrillo. All graduate women
registered thi§ quarter are invited.
Cake, cookies, tea, and coffee will
be served during the afternoon, and
(he guests will have an opportunity
to see the graduate center and be
come acquainted with each other.
Hilltop House, formerly the resi
dence of Dr. and Mrs. Cubberley,
was given to the University in 1!)41
by Mrs. Cubberley for a graduate
residence. Since that time it has be
come a center for graduate women's
activities.
Committees for the tea are invita
tions, Esther Belew: refreshments,
Frances Lilienthal; and hostess, Bon
nie Jean Magee.
The annual fall tea for graduate
women will be given Sunday. Oct. 22,
from 3 to 5 p.m. at Hilltop House.
610 Cabrillo. All graduate women
registered thi§ quarter are invited.
Cake, cookies, tea, and coffee will
be served during the afternoon, and
(he guests will have an opportunity
to see the graduate center and be
come acquainted with each other.
Hilltop House, formerly the resi
dence of Dr. and Mrs. Cubberley,
was given to the University in 1!)41
by Mrs. Cubberley for a graduate
residence. Since that time it has be
come a center for graduate women's
activities.
Committees for the tea are invita
tions, Esther Belew: refreshments,
Frances Lilienthal; and hostess, Bon
nie Jean Magee.
The annual fall tea for graduate
women will be given Sunday. Oct. 22,
from 3 to 5 p.m. at Hilltop House.
610 Cabrillo. All graduate women
registered thi§ quarter are invited.
Cake, cookies, tea, and coffee will
be served during the afternoon, and
(he guests will have an opportunity
to see the graduate center and be
come acquainted with each other.
Hilltop House, formerly the resi
dence of Dr. and Mrs. Cubberley,
was given to the University in 1!)41
by Mrs. Cubberley for a graduate
residence. Since that time it has be
come a center for graduate women's
activities.
Committees for the tea are invita
tions, Esther Belew: refreshments,
Frances Lilienthal; and hostess, Bon
nie Jean Magee.
