# Untitled Article
## 
### 

By United Press
Scowling 10-year-old German youngster was picked up with other
prisoners when Allies captured Antwerp, Belgium. lie poses with his
major. Allies have a job to re-educate such youth away from Nazi
doctrine.

By United Press
Scowling 10-year-old German youngster was picked up with other
prisoners when Allies captured Antwerp, Belgium. lie poses with his
major. Allies have a job to re-educate such youth away from Nazi
doctrine.

By United Press
Scowling 10-year-old German youngster was picked up with other
prisoners when Allies captured Antwerp, Belgium. lie poses with his
major. Allies have a job to re-educate such youth away from Nazi
doctrine.

By United Press
Scowling 10-year-old German youngster was picked up with other
prisoners when Allies captured Antwerp, Belgium. lie poses with his
major. Allies have a job to re-educate such youth away from Nazi
doctrine.

By United Press
Scowling 10-year-old German youngster was picked up with other
prisoners when Allies captured Antwerp, Belgium. lie poses with his
major. Allies have a job to re-educate such youth away from Nazi
doctrine.

By United Press
Scowling 10-year-old German youngster was picked up with other
prisoners when Allies captured Antwerp, Belgium. lie poses with his
major. Allies have a job to re-educate such youth away from Nazi
doctrine.

By United Press
Scowling 10-year-old German youngster was picked up with other
prisoners when Allies captured Antwerp, Belgium. lie poses with his
major. Allies have a job to re-educate such youth away from Nazi
doctrine.

By United Press
Scowling 10-year-old German youngster was picked up with other
prisoners when Allies captured Antwerp, Belgium. lie poses with his
major. Allies have a job to re-educate such youth away from Nazi
doctrine.

By United Press
Scowling 10-year-old German youngster was picked up with other
prisoners when Allies captured Antwerp, Belgium. lie poses with his
major. Allies have a job to re-educate such youth away from Nazi
doctrine.

By United Press
Scowling 10-year-old German youngster was picked up with other
prisoners when Allies captured Antwerp, Belgium. lie poses with his
major. Allies have a job to re-educate such youth away from Nazi
doctrine.

By United Press
Scowling 10-year-old German youngster was picked up with other
prisoners when Allies captured Antwerp, Belgium. lie poses with his
major. Allies have a job to re-educate such youth away from Nazi
doctrine.

By United Press
Scowling 10-year-old German youngster was picked up with other
prisoners when Allies captured Antwerp, Belgium. lie poses with his
major. Allies have a job to re-educate such youth away from Nazi
doctrine.

By United Press
Scowling 10-year-old German youngster was picked up with other
prisoners when Allies captured Antwerp, Belgium. lie poses with his
major. Allies have a job to re-educate such youth away from Nazi
doctrine.

By United Press
Scowling 10-year-old German youngster was picked up with other
prisoners when Allies captured Antwerp, Belgium. lie poses with his
major. Allies have a job to re-educate such youth away from Nazi
doctrine.

By United Press
Scowling 10-year-old German youngster was picked up with other
prisoners when Allies captured Antwerp, Belgium. lie poses with his
major. Allies have a job to re-educate such youth away from Nazi
doctrine.

By United Press
Scowling 10-year-old German youngster was picked up with other
prisoners when Allies captured Antwerp, Belgium. lie poses with his
major. Allies have a job to re-educate such youth away from Nazi
doctrine.

By United Press
Scowling 10-year-old German youngster was picked up with other
prisoners when Allies captured Antwerp, Belgium. lie poses with his
major. Allies have a job to re-educate such youth away from Nazi
doctrine.
