# Recital In Palo Alto.
## 
### 
A change in the plans for the song
recital which was to have been given
in the Assembly Hall on the 29th of
this month was announced today. The
date remains unaltered, but instead of
presenting the recital in the Assembly
Hall on the campus, it will be given
In the Congregational Church of Palo
Alto. Tickets are on sale at the Book
store at the present time.
A change in the plans for the song
recital which was to have been given
in the Assembly Hall on the 29th of
this month was announced today. The
date remains unaltered, but instead of
presenting the recital in the Assembly
Hall on the campus, it will be given
In the Congregational Church of Palo
Alto. Tickets are on sale at the Book
store at the present time.
A change in the plans for the song
recital which was to have been given
in the Assembly Hall on the 29th of
this month was announced today. The
date remains unaltered, but instead of
presenting the recital in the Assembly
Hall on the campus, it will be given
In the Congregational Church of Palo
Alto. Tickets are on sale at the Book
store at the present time.
A change in the plans for the song
recital which was to have been given
in the Assembly Hall on the 29th of
this month was announced today. The
date remains unaltered, but instead of
presenting the recital in the Assembly
Hall on the campus, it will be given
In the Congregational Church of Palo
Alto. Tickets are on sale at the Book
store at the present time.
A change in the plans for the song
recital which was to have been given
in the Assembly Hall on the 29th of
this month was announced today. The
date remains unaltered, but instead of
presenting the recital in the Assembly
Hall on the campus, it will be given
In the Congregational Church of Palo
Alto. Tickets are on sale at the Book
store at the present time.
A change in the plans for the song
recital which was to have been given
in the Assembly Hall on the 29th of
this month was announced today. The
date remains unaltered, but instead of
presenting the recital in the Assembly
Hall on the campus, it will be given
In the Congregational Church of Palo
Alto. Tickets are on sale at the Book
store at the present time.
A change in the plans for the song
recital which was to have been given
in the Assembly Hall on the 29th of
this month was announced today. The
date remains unaltered, but instead of
presenting the recital in the Assembly
Hall on the campus, it will be given
In the Congregational Church of Palo
Alto. Tickets are on sale at the Book
store at the present time.
A change in the plans for the song
recital which was to have been given
in the Assembly Hall on the 29th of
this month was announced today. The
date remains unaltered, but instead of
presenting the recital in the Assembly
Hall on the campus, it will be given
In the Congregational Church of Palo
Alto. Tickets are on sale at the Book
store at the present time.
A change in the plans for the song
recital which was to have been given
in the Assembly Hall on the 29th of
this month was announced today. The
date remains unaltered, but instead of
presenting the recital in the Assembly
Hall on the campus, it will be given
In the Congregational Church of Palo
Alto. Tickets are on sale at the Book
store at the present time.
A change in the plans for the song
recital which was to have been given
in the Assembly Hall on the 29th of
this month was announced today. The
date remains unaltered, but instead of
presenting the recital in the Assembly
Hall on the campus, it will be given
In the Congregational Church of Palo
Alto. Tickets are on sale at the Book
store at the present time.
A change in the plans for the song
recital which was to have been given
in the Assembly Hall on the 29th of
this month was announced today. The
date remains unaltered, but instead of
presenting the recital in the Assembly
Hall on the campus, it will be given
In the Congregational Church of Palo
Alto. Tickets are on sale at the Book
store at the present time.
