# Band to Present February Recital
## 
### 
The first band concert to be given
on the campus in four years will be
presented by the Stanford Band Feb
ruary 16 in Memorial Hall. The pro
gram will consist of, in the words
of Manager Ed York, "everything
from soup to nuts, old to modern."
The program will serve as a dress
rehearsal for the band's engagement
at the San Francisco World's Fair.
The Stanford musicians will partici
pate in the opening day ceremonies
and will probably play every Fri
day and Saturday and on special
occasions during the fair on Treasure
Island.
York expressed the view that if
the concert was well received by
the campus, probable arrangements
could be made for weekly concerts
on Sundays.
