# LAGUNITA BIRTHDAY PARTY
## 
### 
Eighty Lagunita women were en
tertained Wednesday night at the
Club's second birthday party of the
year. A snow party wfis the deco
rative motif.
Eighty Lagunita women were en
tertained Wednesday night at the
Club's second birthday party of the
year. A snow party wfis the deco
rative motif.
Eighty Lagunita women were en
tertained Wednesday night at the
Club's second birthday party of the
year. A snow party wfis the deco
rative motif.
Eighty Lagunita women were en
tertained Wednesday night at the
Club's second birthday party of the
year. A snow party wfis the deco
rative motif.
Eighty Lagunita women were en
tertained Wednesday night at the
Club's second birthday party of the
year. A snow party wfis the deco
rative motif.
Eighty Lagunita women were en
tertained Wednesday night at the
Club's second birthday party of the
year. A snow party wfis the deco
rative motif.
Eighty Lagunita women were en
tertained Wednesday night at the
Club's second birthday party of the
year. A snow party wfis the deco
rative motif.
Eighty Lagunita women were en
tertained Wednesday night at the
Club's second birthday party of the
year. A snow party wfis the deco
rative motif.
Eighty Lagunita women were en
tertained Wednesday night at the
Club's second birthday party of the
year. A snow party wfis the deco
rative motif.
Eighty Lagunita women were en
tertained Wednesday night at the
Club's second birthday party of the
year. A snow party wfis the deco
rative motif.
Eighty Lagunita women were en
tertained Wednesday night at the
Club's second birthday party of the
year. A snow party wfis the deco
rative motif.
Eighty Lagunita women were en
tertained Wednesday night at the
Club's second birthday party of the
year. A snow party wfis the deco
rative motif.
Eighty Lagunita women were en
tertained Wednesday night at the
Club's second birthday party of the
year. A snow party wfis the deco
rative motif.
Eighty Lagunita women were en
tertained Wednesday night at the
Club's second birthday party of the
year. A snow party wfis the deco
rative motif.
Eighty Lagunita women were en
tertained Wednesday night at the
Club's second birthday party of the
year. A snow party wfis the deco
rative motif.
