# LIBE CATALOGUE
## 
### 
rhe Editor, Sir:
Hasn't your esthetic sense been
outraged and your crusading spirit
oeen aroused by last Tuesday's ad
dition to the main library cata
logue?
Only a plea of direst poverty
:ould excuse the employment of the
unsightly unit of filing cabinet
which now presents its back to
everyone approaching the catalogue
alcove and creates an additional
abstruction in an already crowded
spot. Admittedly the library lacks
adequate funds. Yet surely the ad
ministration could divert a few
hundred dollars of the new library
syllabus fees to the purchase and
proper installation of an addition
to the catalogue which would not
be both an eyesore and a positive
danger. L. S. J. L.
rhe Editor, Sir:
Hasn't your esthetic sense been
outraged and your crusading spirit
oeen aroused by last Tuesday's ad
dition to the main library cata
logue?
Only a plea of direst poverty
:ould excuse the employment of the
unsightly unit of filing cabinet
which now presents its back to
everyone approaching the catalogue
alcove and creates an additional
abstruction in an already crowded
spot. Admittedly the library lacks
adequate funds. Yet surely the ad
ministration could divert a few
hundred dollars of the new library
syllabus fees to the purchase and
proper installation of an addition
to the catalogue which would not
be both an eyesore and a positive
danger. L. S. J. L.
rhe Editor, Sir:
Hasn't your esthetic sense been
outraged and your crusading spirit
oeen aroused by last Tuesday's ad
dition to the main library cata
logue?
Only a plea of direst poverty
:ould excuse the employment of the
unsightly unit of filing cabinet
which now presents its back to
everyone approaching the catalogue
alcove and creates an additional
abstruction in an already crowded
spot. Admittedly the library lacks
adequate funds. Yet surely the ad
ministration could divert a few
hundred dollars of the new library
syllabus fees to the purchase and
proper installation of an addition
to the catalogue which would not
be both an eyesore and a positive
danger. L. S. J. L.
rhe Editor, Sir:
Hasn't your esthetic sense been
outraged and your crusading spirit
oeen aroused by last Tuesday's ad
dition to the main library cata
logue?
Only a plea of direst poverty
:ould excuse the employment of the
unsightly unit of filing cabinet
which now presents its back to
everyone approaching the catalogue
alcove and creates an additional
abstruction in an already crowded
spot. Admittedly the library lacks
adequate funds. Yet surely the ad
ministration could divert a few
hundred dollars of the new library
syllabus fees to the purchase and
proper installation of an addition
to the catalogue which would not
be both an eyesore and a positive
danger. L. S. J. L.
rhe Editor, Sir:
Hasn't your esthetic sense been
outraged and your crusading spirit
oeen aroused by last Tuesday's ad
dition to the main library cata
logue?
Only a plea of direst poverty
:ould excuse the employment of the
unsightly unit of filing cabinet
which now presents its back to
everyone approaching the catalogue
alcove and creates an additional
abstruction in an already crowded
spot. Admittedly the library lacks
adequate funds. Yet surely the ad
ministration could divert a few
hundred dollars of the new library
syllabus fees to the purchase and
proper installation of an addition
to the catalogue which would not
be both an eyesore and a positive
danger. L. S. J. L.
rhe Editor, Sir:
Hasn't your esthetic sense been
outraged and your crusading spirit
oeen aroused by last Tuesday's ad
dition to the main library cata
logue?
Only a plea of direst poverty
:ould excuse the employment of the
unsightly unit of filing cabinet
which now presents its back to
everyone approaching the catalogue
alcove and creates an additional
abstruction in an already crowded
spot. Admittedly the library lacks
adequate funds. Yet surely the ad
ministration could divert a few
hundred dollars of the new library
syllabus fees to the purchase and
proper installation of an addition
to the catalogue which would not
be both an eyesore and a positive
danger. L. S. J. L.
rhe Editor, Sir:
Hasn't your esthetic sense been
outraged and your crusading spirit
oeen aroused by last Tuesday's ad
dition to the main library cata
logue?
Only a plea of direst poverty
:ould excuse the employment of the
unsightly unit of filing cabinet
which now presents its back to
everyone approaching the catalogue
alcove and creates an additional
abstruction in an already crowded
spot. Admittedly the library lacks
adequate funds. Yet surely the ad
ministration could divert a few
hundred dollars of the new library
syllabus fees to the purchase and
proper installation of an addition
to the catalogue which would not
be both an eyesore and a positive
danger. L. S. J. L.
rhe Editor, Sir:
Hasn't your esthetic sense been
outraged and your crusading spirit
oeen aroused by last Tuesday's ad
dition to the main library cata
logue?
Only a plea of direst poverty
:ould excuse the employment of the
unsightly unit of filing cabinet
which now presents its back to
everyone approaching the catalogue
alcove and creates an additional
abstruction in an already crowded
spot. Admittedly the library lacks
adequate funds. Yet surely the ad
ministration could divert a few
hundred dollars of the new library
syllabus fees to the purchase and
proper installation of an addition
to the catalogue which would not
be both an eyesore and a positive
danger. L. S. J. L.
rhe Editor, Sir:
Hasn't your esthetic sense been
outraged and your crusading spirit
oeen aroused by last Tuesday's ad
dition to the main library cata
logue?
Only a plea of direst poverty
:ould excuse the employment of the
unsightly unit of filing cabinet
which now presents its back to
everyone approaching the catalogue
alcove and creates an additional
abstruction in an already crowded
spot. Admittedly the library lacks
adequate funds. Yet surely the ad
ministration could divert a few
hundred dollars of the new library
syllabus fees to the purchase and
proper installation of an addition
to the catalogue which would not
be both an eyesore and a positive
danger. L. S. J. L.
rhe Editor, Sir:
Hasn't your esthetic sense been
outraged and your crusading spirit
oeen aroused by last Tuesday's ad
dition to the main library cata
logue?
Only a plea of direst poverty
:ould excuse the employment of the
unsightly unit of filing cabinet
which now presents its back to
everyone approaching the catalogue
alcove and creates an additional
abstruction in an already crowded
spot. Admittedly the library lacks
adequate funds. Yet surely the ad
ministration could divert a few
hundred dollars of the new library
syllabus fees to the purchase and
proper installation of an addition
to the catalogue which would not
be both an eyesore and a positive
danger. L. S. J. L.
rhe Editor, Sir:
Hasn't your esthetic sense been
outraged and your crusading spirit
oeen aroused by last Tuesday's ad
dition to the main library cata
logue?
Only a plea of direst poverty
:ould excuse the employment of the
unsightly unit of filing cabinet
which now presents its back to
everyone approaching the catalogue
alcove and creates an additional
abstruction in an already crowded
spot. Admittedly the library lacks
adequate funds. Yet surely the ad
ministration could divert a few
hundred dollars of the new library
syllabus fees to the purchase and
proper installation of an addition
to the catalogue which would not
be both an eyesore and a positive
danger. L. S. J. L.
rhe Editor, Sir:
Hasn't your esthetic sense been
outraged and your crusading spirit
oeen aroused by last Tuesday's ad
dition to the main library cata
logue?
Only a plea of direst poverty
:ould excuse the employment of the
unsightly unit of filing cabinet
which now presents its back to
everyone approaching the catalogue
alcove and creates an additional
abstruction in an already crowded
spot. Admittedly the library lacks
adequate funds. Yet surely the ad
ministration could divert a few
hundred dollars of the new library
syllabus fees to the purchase and
proper installation of an addition
to the catalogue which would not
be both an eyesore and a positive
danger. L. S. J. L.
rhe Editor, Sir:
Hasn't your esthetic sense been
outraged and your crusading spirit
oeen aroused by last Tuesday's ad
dition to the main library cata
logue?
Only a plea of direst poverty
:ould excuse the employment of the
unsightly unit of filing cabinet
which now presents its back to
everyone approaching the catalogue
alcove and creates an additional
abstruction in an already crowded
spot. Admittedly the library lacks
adequate funds. Yet surely the ad
ministration could divert a few
hundred dollars of the new library
syllabus fees to the purchase and
proper installation of an addition
to the catalogue which would not
be both an eyesore and a positive
danger. L. S. J. L.
rhe Editor, Sir:
Hasn't your esthetic sense been
outraged and your crusading spirit
oeen aroused by last Tuesday's ad
dition to the main library cata
logue?
Only a plea of direst poverty
:ould excuse the employment of the
unsightly unit of filing cabinet
which now presents its back to
everyone approaching the catalogue
alcove and creates an additional
abstruction in an already crowded
spot. Admittedly the library lacks
adequate funds. Yet surely the ad
ministration could divert a few
hundred dollars of the new library
syllabus fees to the purchase and
proper installation of an addition
to the catalogue which would not
be both an eyesore and a positive
danger. L. S. J. L.
rhe Editor, Sir:
Hasn't your esthetic sense been
outraged and your crusading spirit
oeen aroused by last Tuesday's ad
dition to the main library cata
logue?
Only a plea of direst poverty
:ould excuse the employment of the
unsightly unit of filing cabinet
which now presents its back to
everyone approaching the catalogue
alcove and creates an additional
abstruction in an already crowded
spot. Admittedly the library lacks
adequate funds. Yet surely the ad
ministration could divert a few
hundred dollars of the new library
syllabus fees to the purchase and
proper installation of an addition
to the catalogue which would not
be both an eyesore and a positive
danger. L. S. J. L.
