# Sequoia to Go Surrealist
## 
### 
Hidden under the all-inclusive
name of surrealism, Sequoians to
night put finishing touches on prep
arations for their Surrealistic Barn
Dance this evening.
Music will issue from the eleven
piece Dick Lotter band, the organi
zation which played for the recent
Big Game jolly-up. Members of the
band give promise of several skits
for the benefit of attendants. Danc
ing will continue from 9 until 1
o'clock, with all the refreshments on
the house.
Request is that dancers attend
dressed in anything from cords to a
laundry bag, in order to promote the
proper spirit of the modified barn
dance. Although not yet definite,
some sort of prize will probably be
awarded to the person or persons
wearing the most original and clash
in;' outfits.
