# German Culture Courses Offered
## 
### 
Courses on "Germany and German
Civilization" will be offered winter
quarter, according to Professor Mor
gan, head of Germanic Languages.
Assistant Professor Sokol of the Ger
man Department will give a class on
"Germany, the Country and Its
People," while ATI will be a course
on Austria and Bavaria.
These subjects will be fully illus
trated by lantern slides, films, and
records. All students may attend.
Courses on "Germany and German
Civilization" will be offered winter
quarter, according to Professor Mor
gan, head of Germanic Languages.
Assistant Professor Sokol of the Ger
man Department will give a class on
"Germany, the Country and Its
People," while ATI will be a course
on Austria and Bavaria.
These subjects will be fully illus
trated by lantern slides, films, and
records. All students may attend.
Courses on "Germany and German
Civilization" will be offered winter
quarter, according to Professor Mor
gan, head of Germanic Languages.
Assistant Professor Sokol of the Ger
man Department will give a class on
"Germany, the Country and Its
People," while ATI will be a course
on Austria and Bavaria.
These subjects will be fully illus
trated by lantern slides, films, and
records. All students may attend.
Courses on "Germany and German
Civilization" will be offered winter
quarter, according to Professor Mor
gan, head of Germanic Languages.
Assistant Professor Sokol of the Ger
man Department will give a class on
"Germany, the Country and Its
People," while ATI will be a course
on Austria and Bavaria.
These subjects will be fully illus
trated by lantern slides, films, and
records. All students may attend.
Courses on "Germany and German
Civilization" will be offered winter
quarter, according to Professor Mor
gan, head of Germanic Languages.
Assistant Professor Sokol of the Ger
man Department will give a class on
"Germany, the Country and Its
People," while ATI will be a course
on Austria and Bavaria.
These subjects will be fully illus
trated by lantern slides, films, and
records. All students may attend.
Courses on "Germany and German
Civilization" will be offered winter
quarter, according to Professor Mor
gan, head of Germanic Languages.
Assistant Professor Sokol of the Ger
man Department will give a class on
"Germany, the Country and Its
People," while ATI will be a course
on Austria and Bavaria.
These subjects will be fully illus
trated by lantern slides, films, and
records. All students may attend.
Courses on "Germany and German
Civilization" will be offered winter
quarter, according to Professor Mor
gan, head of Germanic Languages.
Assistant Professor Sokol of the Ger
man Department will give a class on
"Germany, the Country and Its
People," while ATI will be a course
on Austria and Bavaria.
These subjects will be fully illus
trated by lantern slides, films, and
records. All students may attend.
Courses on "Germany and German
Civilization" will be offered winter
quarter, according to Professor Mor
gan, head of Germanic Languages.
Assistant Professor Sokol of the Ger
man Department will give a class on
"Germany, the Country and Its
People," while ATI will be a course
on Austria and Bavaria.
These subjects will be fully illus
trated by lantern slides, films, and
records. All students may attend.
Courses on "Germany and German
Civilization" will be offered winter
quarter, according to Professor Mor
gan, head of Germanic Languages.
Assistant Professor Sokol of the Ger
man Department will give a class on
"Germany, the Country and Its
People," while ATI will be a course
on Austria and Bavaria.
These subjects will be fully illus
trated by lantern slides, films, and
records. All students may attend.
Courses on "Germany and German
Civilization" will be offered winter
quarter, according to Professor Mor
gan, head of Germanic Languages.
Assistant Professor Sokol of the Ger
man Department will give a class on
"Germany, the Country and Its
People," while ATI will be a course
on Austria and Bavaria.
These subjects will be fully illus
trated by lantern slides, films, and
records. All students may attend.
Courses on "Germany and German
Civilization" will be offered winter
quarter, according to Professor Mor
gan, head of Germanic Languages.
Assistant Professor Sokol of the Ger
man Department will give a class on
"Germany, the Country and Its
People," while ATI will be a course
on Austria and Bavaria.
These subjects will be fully illus
trated by lantern slides, films, and
records. All students may attend.
Courses on "Germany and German
Civilization" will be offered winter
quarter, according to Professor Mor
gan, head of Germanic Languages.
Assistant Professor Sokol of the Ger
man Department will give a class on
"Germany, the Country and Its
People," while ATI will be a course
on Austria and Bavaria.
These subjects will be fully illus
trated by lantern slides, films, and
records. All students may attend.
Courses on "Germany and German
Civilization" will be offered winter
quarter, according to Professor Mor
gan, head of Germanic Languages.
Assistant Professor Sokol of the Ger
man Department will give a class on
"Germany, the Country and Its
People," while ATI will be a course
on Austria and Bavaria.
These subjects will be fully illus
trated by lantern slides, films, and
records. All students may attend.
Courses on "Germany and German
Civilization" will be offered winter
quarter, according to Professor Mor
gan, head of Germanic Languages.
Assistant Professor Sokol of the Ger
man Department will give a class on
"Germany, the Country and Its
People," while ATI will be a course
on Austria and Bavaria.
These subjects will be fully illus
trated by lantern slides, films, and
records. All students may attend.
Courses on "Germany and German
Civilization" will be offered winter
quarter, according to Professor Mor
gan, head of Germanic Languages.
Assistant Professor Sokol of the Ger
man Department will give a class on
"Germany, the Country and Its
People," while ATI will be a course
on Austria and Bavaria.
These subjects will be fully illus
trated by lantern slides, films, and
records. All students may attend.
