# MONDAY
## 
### 
Splish splash
Flip to the special Features Spot
light tor entertainment, face
pamting, clowns and food —
picture-perfect from the Special
Olympics. Page 6
Splish splash
Flip to the special Features Spot
light tor entertainment, face
pamting, clowns and food —
picture-perfect from the Special
Olympics. Page 6
Splish splash
Flip to the special Features Spot
light tor entertainment, face
pamting, clowns and food —
picture-perfect from the Special
Olympics. Page 6
Splish splash
Flip to the special Features Spot
light tor entertainment, face
pamting, clowns and food —
picture-perfect from the Special
Olympics. Page 6
Splish splash
Flip to the special Features Spot
light tor entertainment, face
pamting, clowns and food —
picture-perfect from the Special
Olympics. Page 6
Splish splash
Flip to the special Features Spot
light tor entertainment, face
pamting, clowns and food —
picture-perfect from the Special
Olympics. Page 6
Splish splash
Flip to the special Features Spot
light tor entertainment, face
pamting, clowns and food —
picture-perfect from the Special
Olympics. Page 6
Splish splash
Flip to the special Features Spot
light tor entertainment, face
pamting, clowns and food —
picture-perfect from the Special
Olympics. Page 6
