# ALPHA DELIS TO VIE WITH GRADS
## 
### 
TONIGHTS GAMES
Championship of intramurai basket
ball to he decided.
Alpha Delta Phi vs. Business School,
Pavilion, 7 o'clock.

Business School's fast - breaking,
smooth-passing offense won out over
El Capitan in an otherwise ragged
game, 26 to 19, last night at the Pa
vilion, in the last semi-final game of
the mural basketball championship
playoffs.
El Capitan missed shot after shot,
easy set-ups under the basket, as
the more accurate grads of the Busi
ness School, led by Jack Robb and
John Stevens, piled up an early lead
and then got by with mediocre
checking and good luck in shooting.
The game was free from fouling,
with all offenses strictly called.
Box score: Business School—Robb
(14), Stevens (6), Roby (4), Stewart
(2). El Capitan—Rode (8), Meacham
(8), Weeks (6) Goodwin (2), Geb
hart (1).
TONIGHTS GAMES
Championship of intramurai basket
ball to he decided.
Alpha Delta Phi vs. Business School,
Pavilion, 7 o'clock.

Business School's fast - breaking,
smooth-passing offense won out over
El Capitan in an otherwise ragged
game, 26 to 19, last night at the Pa
vilion, in the last semi-final game of
the mural basketball championship
playoffs.
El Capitan missed shot after shot,
easy set-ups under the basket, as
the more accurate grads of the Busi
ness School, led by Jack Robb and
John Stevens, piled up an early lead
and then got by with mediocre
checking and good luck in shooting.
The game was free from fouling,
with all offenses strictly called.
Box score: Business School—Robb
(14), Stevens (6), Roby (4), Stewart
(2). El Capitan—Rode (8), Meacham
(8), Weeks (6) Goodwin (2), Geb
hart (1).
TONIGHTS GAMES
Championship of intramurai basket
ball to he decided.
Alpha Delta Phi vs. Business School,
Pavilion, 7 o'clock.

Business School's fast - breaking,
smooth-passing offense won out over
El Capitan in an otherwise ragged
game, 26 to 19, last night at the Pa
vilion, in the last semi-final game of
the mural basketball championship
playoffs.
El Capitan missed shot after shot,
easy set-ups under the basket, as
the more accurate grads of the Busi
ness School, led by Jack Robb and
John Stevens, piled up an early lead
and then got by with mediocre
checking and good luck in shooting.
The game was free from fouling,
with all offenses strictly called.
Box score: Business School—Robb
(14), Stevens (6), Roby (4), Stewart
(2). El Capitan—Rode (8), Meacham
(8), Weeks (6) Goodwin (2), Geb
hart (1).
TONIGHTS GAMES
Championship of intramurai basket
ball to he decided.
Alpha Delta Phi vs. Business School,
Pavilion, 7 o'clock.

Business School's fast - breaking,
smooth-passing offense won out over
El Capitan in an otherwise ragged
game, 26 to 19, last night at the Pa
vilion, in the last semi-final game of
the mural basketball championship
playoffs.
El Capitan missed shot after shot,
easy set-ups under the basket, as
the more accurate grads of the Busi
ness School, led by Jack Robb and
John Stevens, piled up an early lead
and then got by with mediocre
checking and good luck in shooting.
The game was free from fouling,
with all offenses strictly called.
Box score: Business School—Robb
(14), Stevens (6), Roby (4), Stewart
(2). El Capitan—Rode (8), Meacham
(8), Weeks (6) Goodwin (2), Geb
hart (1).
TONIGHTS GAMES
Championship of intramurai basket
ball to he decided.
Alpha Delta Phi vs. Business School,
Pavilion, 7 o'clock.

Business School's fast - breaking,
smooth-passing offense won out over
El Capitan in an otherwise ragged
game, 26 to 19, last night at the Pa
vilion, in the last semi-final game of
the mural basketball championship
playoffs.
El Capitan missed shot after shot,
easy set-ups under the basket, as
the more accurate grads of the Busi
ness School, led by Jack Robb and
John Stevens, piled up an early lead
and then got by with mediocre
checking and good luck in shooting.
The game was free from fouling,
with all offenses strictly called.
Box score: Business School—Robb
(14), Stevens (6), Roby (4), Stewart
(2). El Capitan—Rode (8), Meacham
(8), Weeks (6) Goodwin (2), Geb
hart (1).
TONIGHTS GAMES
Championship of intramurai basket
ball to he decided.
Alpha Delta Phi vs. Business School,
Pavilion, 7 o'clock.

Business School's fast - breaking,
smooth-passing offense won out over
El Capitan in an otherwise ragged
game, 26 to 19, last night at the Pa
vilion, in the last semi-final game of
the mural basketball championship
playoffs.
El Capitan missed shot after shot,
easy set-ups under the basket, as
the more accurate grads of the Busi
ness School, led by Jack Robb and
John Stevens, piled up an early lead
and then got by with mediocre
checking and good luck in shooting.
The game was free from fouling,
with all offenses strictly called.
Box score: Business School—Robb
(14), Stevens (6), Roby (4), Stewart
(2). El Capitan—Rode (8), Meacham
(8), Weeks (6) Goodwin (2), Geb
hart (1).
TONIGHTS GAMES
Championship of intramurai basket
ball to he decided.
Alpha Delta Phi vs. Business School,
Pavilion, 7 o'clock.

Business School's fast - breaking,
smooth-passing offense won out over
El Capitan in an otherwise ragged
game, 26 to 19, last night at the Pa
vilion, in the last semi-final game of
the mural basketball championship
playoffs.
El Capitan missed shot after shot,
easy set-ups under the basket, as
the more accurate grads of the Busi
ness School, led by Jack Robb and
John Stevens, piled up an early lead
and then got by with mediocre
checking and good luck in shooting.
The game was free from fouling,
with all offenses strictly called.
Box score: Business School—Robb
(14), Stevens (6), Roby (4), Stewart
(2). El Capitan—Rode (8), Meacham
(8), Weeks (6) Goodwin (2), Geb
hart (1).
TONIGHTS GAMES
Championship of intramurai basket
ball to he decided.
Alpha Delta Phi vs. Business School,
Pavilion, 7 o'clock.

Business School's fast - breaking,
smooth-passing offense won out over
El Capitan in an otherwise ragged
game, 26 to 19, last night at the Pa
vilion, in the last semi-final game of
the mural basketball championship
playoffs.
El Capitan missed shot after shot,
easy set-ups under the basket, as
the more accurate grads of the Busi
ness School, led by Jack Robb and
John Stevens, piled up an early lead
and then got by with mediocre
checking and good luck in shooting.
The game was free from fouling,
with all offenses strictly called.
Box score: Business School—Robb
(14), Stevens (6), Roby (4), Stewart
(2). El Capitan—Rode (8), Meacham
(8), Weeks (6) Goodwin (2), Geb
hart (1).
TONIGHTS GAMES
Championship of intramurai basket
ball to he decided.
Alpha Delta Phi vs. Business School,
Pavilion, 7 o'clock.

Business School's fast - breaking,
smooth-passing offense won out over
El Capitan in an otherwise ragged
game, 26 to 19, last night at the Pa
vilion, in the last semi-final game of
the mural basketball championship
playoffs.
El Capitan missed shot after shot,
easy set-ups under the basket, as
the more accurate grads of the Busi
ness School, led by Jack Robb and
John Stevens, piled up an early lead
and then got by with mediocre
checking and good luck in shooting.
The game was free from fouling,
with all offenses strictly called.
Box score: Business School—Robb
(14), Stevens (6), Roby (4), Stewart
(2). El Capitan—Rode (8), Meacham
(8), Weeks (6) Goodwin (2), Geb
hart (1).
TONIGHTS GAMES
Championship of intramurai basket
ball to he decided.
Alpha Delta Phi vs. Business School,
Pavilion, 7 o'clock.

Business School's fast - breaking,
smooth-passing offense won out over
El Capitan in an otherwise ragged
game, 26 to 19, last night at the Pa
vilion, in the last semi-final game of
the mural basketball championship
playoffs.
El Capitan missed shot after shot,
easy set-ups under the basket, as
the more accurate grads of the Busi
ness School, led by Jack Robb and
John Stevens, piled up an early lead
and then got by with mediocre
checking and good luck in shooting.
The game was free from fouling,
with all offenses strictly called.
Box score: Business School—Robb
(14), Stevens (6), Roby (4), Stewart
(2). El Capitan—Rode (8), Meacham
(8), Weeks (6) Goodwin (2), Geb
hart (1).
TONIGHTS GAMES
Championship of intramurai basket
ball to he decided.
Alpha Delta Phi vs. Business School,
Pavilion, 7 o'clock.

Business School's fast - breaking,
smooth-passing offense won out over
El Capitan in an otherwise ragged
game, 26 to 19, last night at the Pa
vilion, in the last semi-final game of
the mural basketball championship
playoffs.
El Capitan missed shot after shot,
easy set-ups under the basket, as
the more accurate grads of the Busi
ness School, led by Jack Robb and
John Stevens, piled up an early lead
and then got by with mediocre
checking and good luck in shooting.
The game was free from fouling,
with all offenses strictly called.
Box score: Business School—Robb
(14), Stevens (6), Roby (4), Stewart
(2). El Capitan—Rode (8), Meacham
(8), Weeks (6) Goodwin (2), Geb
hart (1).
TONIGHTS GAMES
Championship of intramurai basket
ball to he decided.
Alpha Delta Phi vs. Business School,
Pavilion, 7 o'clock.

Business School's fast - breaking,
smooth-passing offense won out over
El Capitan in an otherwise ragged
game, 26 to 19, last night at the Pa
vilion, in the last semi-final game of
the mural basketball championship
playoffs.
El Capitan missed shot after shot,
easy set-ups under the basket, as
the more accurate grads of the Busi
ness School, led by Jack Robb and
John Stevens, piled up an early lead
and then got by with mediocre
checking and good luck in shooting.
The game was free from fouling,
with all offenses strictly called.
Box score: Business School—Robb
(14), Stevens (6), Roby (4), Stewart
(2). El Capitan—Rode (8), Meacham
(8), Weeks (6) Goodwin (2), Geb
hart (1).
TONIGHTS GAMES
Championship of intramurai basket
ball to he decided.
Alpha Delta Phi vs. Business School,
Pavilion, 7 o'clock.

Business School's fast - breaking,
smooth-passing offense won out over
El Capitan in an otherwise ragged
game, 26 to 19, last night at the Pa
vilion, in the last semi-final game of
the mural basketball championship
playoffs.
El Capitan missed shot after shot,
easy set-ups under the basket, as
the more accurate grads of the Busi
ness School, led by Jack Robb and
John Stevens, piled up an early lead
and then got by with mediocre
checking and good luck in shooting.
The game was free from fouling,
with all offenses strictly called.
Box score: Business School—Robb
(14), Stevens (6), Roby (4), Stewart
(2). El Capitan—Rode (8), Meacham
(8), Weeks (6) Goodwin (2), Geb
hart (1).
TONIGHTS GAMES
Championship of intramurai basket
ball to he decided.
Alpha Delta Phi vs. Business School,
Pavilion, 7 o'clock.

Business School's fast - breaking,
smooth-passing offense won out over
El Capitan in an otherwise ragged
game, 26 to 19, last night at the Pa
vilion, in the last semi-final game of
the mural basketball championship
playoffs.
El Capitan missed shot after shot,
easy set-ups under the basket, as
the more accurate grads of the Busi
ness School, led by Jack Robb and
John Stevens, piled up an early lead
and then got by with mediocre
checking and good luck in shooting.
The game was free from fouling,
with all offenses strictly called.
Box score: Business School—Robb
(14), Stevens (6), Roby (4), Stewart
(2). El Capitan—Rode (8), Meacham
(8), Weeks (6) Goodwin (2), Geb
hart (1).
TONIGHTS GAMES
Championship of intramurai basket
ball to he decided.
Alpha Delta Phi vs. Business School,
Pavilion, 7 o'clock.

Business School's fast - breaking,
smooth-passing offense won out over
El Capitan in an otherwise ragged
game, 26 to 19, last night at the Pa
vilion, in the last semi-final game of
the mural basketball championship
playoffs.
El Capitan missed shot after shot,
easy set-ups under the basket, as
the more accurate grads of the Busi
ness School, led by Jack Robb and
John Stevens, piled up an early lead
and then got by with mediocre
checking and good luck in shooting.
The game was free from fouling,
with all offenses strictly called.
Box score: Business School—Robb
(14), Stevens (6), Roby (4), Stewart
(2). El Capitan—Rode (8), Meacham
(8), Weeks (6) Goodwin (2), Geb
hart (1).
