# MOTHER WHIPS TEACHER
## 
### 
MODESTO, Calif., April 1(5 (TP). —
Accused of whipping a school prin
cipal who had similarly punished
her son. Mrs. George Robertson
pleaded guilty before Judge J. M.
Kerr today and was given a six
months' suspended sentence on a
battery charge.
MODESTO, Calif., April 1(5 (TP). —
Accused of whipping a school prin
cipal who had similarly punished
her son. Mrs. George Robertson
pleaded guilty before Judge J. M.
Kerr today and was given a six
months' suspended sentence on a
battery charge.
MODESTO, Calif., April 1(5 (TP). —
Accused of whipping a school prin
cipal who had similarly punished
her son. Mrs. George Robertson
pleaded guilty before Judge J. M.
Kerr today and was given a six
months' suspended sentence on a
battery charge.
MODESTO, Calif., April 1(5 (TP). —
Accused of whipping a school prin
cipal who had similarly punished
her son. Mrs. George Robertson
pleaded guilty before Judge J. M.
Kerr today and was given a six
months' suspended sentence on a
battery charge.
MODESTO, Calif., April 1(5 (TP). —
Accused of whipping a school prin
cipal who had similarly punished
her son. Mrs. George Robertson
pleaded guilty before Judge J. M.
Kerr today and was given a six
months' suspended sentence on a
battery charge.
MODESTO, Calif., April 1(5 (TP). —
Accused of whipping a school prin
cipal who had similarly punished
her son. Mrs. George Robertson
pleaded guilty before Judge J. M.
Kerr today and was given a six
months' suspended sentence on a
battery charge.
MODESTO, Calif., April 1(5 (TP). —
Accused of whipping a school prin
cipal who had similarly punished
her son. Mrs. George Robertson
pleaded guilty before Judge J. M.
Kerr today and was given a six
months' suspended sentence on a
battery charge.
MODESTO, Calif., April 1(5 (TP). —
Accused of whipping a school prin
cipal who had similarly punished
her son. Mrs. George Robertson
pleaded guilty before Judge J. M.
Kerr today and was given a six
months' suspended sentence on a
battery charge.
MODESTO, Calif., April 1(5 (TP). —
Accused of whipping a school prin
cipal who had similarly punished
her son. Mrs. George Robertson
pleaded guilty before Judge J. M.
Kerr today and was given a six
months' suspended sentence on a
battery charge.
MODESTO, Calif., April 1(5 (TP). —
Accused of whipping a school prin
cipal who had similarly punished
her son. Mrs. George Robertson
pleaded guilty before Judge J. M.
Kerr today and was given a six
months' suspended sentence on a
battery charge.
MODESTO, Calif., April 1(5 (TP). —
Accused of whipping a school prin
cipal who had similarly punished
her son. Mrs. George Robertson
pleaded guilty before Judge J. M.
Kerr today and was given a six
months' suspended sentence on a
battery charge.
MODESTO, Calif., April 1(5 (TP). —
Accused of whipping a school prin
cipal who had similarly punished
her son. Mrs. George Robertson
pleaded guilty before Judge J. M.
Kerr today and was given a six
months' suspended sentence on a
battery charge.
MODESTO, Calif., April 1(5 (TP). —
Accused of whipping a school prin
cipal who had similarly punished
her son. Mrs. George Robertson
pleaded guilty before Judge J. M.
Kerr today and was given a six
months' suspended sentence on a
battery charge.
MODESTO, Calif., April 1(5 (TP). —
Accused of whipping a school prin
cipal who had similarly punished
her son. Mrs. George Robertson
pleaded guilty before Judge J. M.
Kerr today and was given a six
months' suspended sentence on a
battery charge.
MODESTO, Calif., April 1(5 (TP). —
Accused of whipping a school prin
cipal who had similarly punished
her son. Mrs. George Robertson
pleaded guilty before Judge J. M.
Kerr today and was given a six
months' suspended sentence on a
battery charge.
