# Inouye, Son of Former Minister, Is Guest Here
## 
### 
Guest at the Japanese Club during
the week-end was Shiro Inouye,
eldest son of Junnosuke Inouye, the
former Minister of Finance of Japan
who was assissinated two years ago.
Inouye is leaving this country
shortly to enter the Imperial Uni
versity in Tokyo.
Guest at the Japanese Club during
the week-end was Shiro Inouye,
eldest son of Junnosuke Inouye, the
former Minister of Finance of Japan
who was assissinated two years ago.
Inouye is leaving this country
shortly to enter the Imperial Uni
versity in Tokyo.
Guest at the Japanese Club during
the week-end was Shiro Inouye,
eldest son of Junnosuke Inouye, the
former Minister of Finance of Japan
who was assissinated two years ago.
Inouye is leaving this country
shortly to enter the Imperial Uni
versity in Tokyo.
Guest at the Japanese Club during
the week-end was Shiro Inouye,
eldest son of Junnosuke Inouye, the
former Minister of Finance of Japan
who was assissinated two years ago.
Inouye is leaving this country
shortly to enter the Imperial Uni
versity in Tokyo.
Guest at the Japanese Club during
the week-end was Shiro Inouye,
eldest son of Junnosuke Inouye, the
former Minister of Finance of Japan
who was assissinated two years ago.
Inouye is leaving this country
shortly to enter the Imperial Uni
versity in Tokyo.
Guest at the Japanese Club during
the week-end was Shiro Inouye,
eldest son of Junnosuke Inouye, the
former Minister of Finance of Japan
who was assissinated two years ago.
Inouye is leaving this country
shortly to enter the Imperial Uni
versity in Tokyo.
Guest at the Japanese Club during
the week-end was Shiro Inouye,
eldest son of Junnosuke Inouye, the
former Minister of Finance of Japan
who was assissinated two years ago.
Inouye is leaving this country
shortly to enter the Imperial Uni
versity in Tokyo.
Guest at the Japanese Club during
the week-end was Shiro Inouye,
eldest son of Junnosuke Inouye, the
former Minister of Finance of Japan
who was assissinated two years ago.
Inouye is leaving this country
shortly to enter the Imperial Uni
versity in Tokyo.
Guest at the Japanese Club during
the week-end was Shiro Inouye,
eldest son of Junnosuke Inouye, the
former Minister of Finance of Japan
who was assissinated two years ago.
Inouye is leaving this country
shortly to enter the Imperial Uni
versity in Tokyo.
Guest at the Japanese Club during
the week-end was Shiro Inouye,
eldest son of Junnosuke Inouye, the
former Minister of Finance of Japan
who was assissinated two years ago.
Inouye is leaving this country
shortly to enter the Imperial Uni
versity in Tokyo.
Guest at the Japanese Club during
the week-end was Shiro Inouye,
eldest son of Junnosuke Inouye, the
former Minister of Finance of Japan
who was assissinated two years ago.
Inouye is leaving this country
shortly to enter the Imperial Uni
versity in Tokyo.
Guest at the Japanese Club during
the week-end was Shiro Inouye,
eldest son of Junnosuke Inouye, the
former Minister of Finance of Japan
who was assissinated two years ago.
Inouye is leaving this country
shortly to enter the Imperial Uni
versity in Tokyo.
Guest at the Japanese Club during
the week-end was Shiro Inouye,
eldest son of Junnosuke Inouye, the
former Minister of Finance of Japan
who was assissinated two years ago.
Inouye is leaving this country
shortly to enter the Imperial Uni
versity in Tokyo.
Guest at the Japanese Club during
the week-end was Shiro Inouye,
eldest son of Junnosuke Inouye, the
former Minister of Finance of Japan
who was assissinated two years ago.
Inouye is leaving this country
shortly to enter the Imperial Uni
versity in Tokyo.
Guest at the Japanese Club during
the week-end was Shiro Inouye,
eldest son of Junnosuke Inouye, the
former Minister of Finance of Japan
who was assissinated two years ago.
Inouye is leaving this country
shortly to enter the Imperial Uni
versity in Tokyo.
