# PUSH SILVER FIGHT
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, May 6
ver bloc senators will confer with
President Roosevelt tomorrow and
renew arguments pertaining to man
datory silver legislation.

» BRUSSELS, Belgium, May G (TP).—
The Belgian press joined in a de
nunciation of a charge that King
Albert was killed by being "tapped
on the back of the head."
WASHINGTON, May 6
ver bloc senators will confer with
President Roosevelt tomorrow and
renew arguments pertaining to man
datory silver legislation.

» BRUSSELS, Belgium, May G (TP).—
The Belgian press joined in a de
nunciation of a charge that King
Albert was killed by being "tapped
on the back of the head."
WASHINGTON, May 6
ver bloc senators will confer with
President Roosevelt tomorrow and
renew arguments pertaining to man
datory silver legislation.

» BRUSSELS, Belgium, May G (TP).—
The Belgian press joined in a de
nunciation of a charge that King
Albert was killed by being "tapped
on the back of the head."
WASHINGTON, May 6
ver bloc senators will confer with
President Roosevelt tomorrow and
renew arguments pertaining to man
datory silver legislation.

» BRUSSELS, Belgium, May G (TP).—
The Belgian press joined in a de
nunciation of a charge that King
Albert was killed by being "tapped
on the back of the head."
WASHINGTON, May 6
ver bloc senators will confer with
President Roosevelt tomorrow and
renew arguments pertaining to man
datory silver legislation.

» BRUSSELS, Belgium, May G (TP).—
The Belgian press joined in a de
nunciation of a charge that King
Albert was killed by being "tapped
on the back of the head."
WASHINGTON, May 6
ver bloc senators will confer with
President Roosevelt tomorrow and
renew arguments pertaining to man
datory silver legislation.

» BRUSSELS, Belgium, May G (TP).—
The Belgian press joined in a de
nunciation of a charge that King
Albert was killed by being "tapped
on the back of the head."
WASHINGTON, May 6
ver bloc senators will confer with
President Roosevelt tomorrow and
renew arguments pertaining to man
datory silver legislation.

» BRUSSELS, Belgium, May G (TP).—
The Belgian press joined in a de
nunciation of a charge that King
Albert was killed by being "tapped
on the back of the head."
WASHINGTON, May 6
ver bloc senators will confer with
President Roosevelt tomorrow and
renew arguments pertaining to man
datory silver legislation.

» BRUSSELS, Belgium, May G (TP).—
The Belgian press joined in a de
nunciation of a charge that King
Albert was killed by being "tapped
on the back of the head."
WASHINGTON, May 6
ver bloc senators will confer with
President Roosevelt tomorrow and
renew arguments pertaining to man
datory silver legislation.

» BRUSSELS, Belgium, May G (TP).—
The Belgian press joined in a de
nunciation of a charge that King
Albert was killed by being "tapped
on the back of the head."
WASHINGTON, May 6
ver bloc senators will confer with
President Roosevelt tomorrow and
renew arguments pertaining to man
datory silver legislation.

» BRUSSELS, Belgium, May G (TP).—
The Belgian press joined in a de
nunciation of a charge that King
Albert was killed by being "tapped
on the back of the head."
WASHINGTON, May 6
ver bloc senators will confer with
President Roosevelt tomorrow and
renew arguments pertaining to man
datory silver legislation.

» BRUSSELS, Belgium, May G (TP).—
The Belgian press joined in a de
nunciation of a charge that King
Albert was killed by being "tapped
on the back of the head."
WASHINGTON, May 6
ver bloc senators will confer with
President Roosevelt tomorrow and
renew arguments pertaining to man
datory silver legislation.

» BRUSSELS, Belgium, May G (TP).—
The Belgian press joined in a de
nunciation of a charge that King
Albert was killed by being "tapped
on the back of the head."
WASHINGTON, May 6
ver bloc senators will confer with
President Roosevelt tomorrow and
renew arguments pertaining to man
datory silver legislation.

» BRUSSELS, Belgium, May G (TP).—
The Belgian press joined in a de
nunciation of a charge that King
Albert was killed by being "tapped
on the back of the head."
WASHINGTON, May 6
ver bloc senators will confer with
President Roosevelt tomorrow and
renew arguments pertaining to man
datory silver legislation.

» BRUSSELS, Belgium, May G (TP).—
The Belgian press joined in a de
nunciation of a charge that King
Albert was killed by being "tapped
on the back of the head."
WASHINGTON, May 6
ver bloc senators will confer with
President Roosevelt tomorrow and
renew arguments pertaining to man
datory silver legislation.

» BRUSSELS, Belgium, May G (TP).—
The Belgian press joined in a de
nunciation of a charge that King
Albert was killed by being "tapped
on the back of the head."
