# ROBLES FAILS AGAIN
## 
### 
TUCSON, Ariz., May 6 (/Ph—Fer
nando Robles trudged home early
today after another futile attempt
to contact the kidnapers of his
daughter, June.
TUCSON, Ariz., May 6 (/Ph—Fer
nando Robles trudged home early
today after another futile attempt
to contact the kidnapers of his
daughter, June.
TUCSON, Ariz., May 6 (/Ph—Fer
nando Robles trudged home early
today after another futile attempt
to contact the kidnapers of his
daughter, June.
TUCSON, Ariz., May 6 (/Ph—Fer
nando Robles trudged home early
today after another futile attempt
to contact the kidnapers of his
daughter, June.
TUCSON, Ariz., May 6 (/Ph—Fer
nando Robles trudged home early
today after another futile attempt
to contact the kidnapers of his
daughter, June.
TUCSON, Ariz., May 6 (/Ph—Fer
nando Robles trudged home early
today after another futile attempt
to contact the kidnapers of his
daughter, June.
TUCSON, Ariz., May 6 (/Ph—Fer
nando Robles trudged home early
today after another futile attempt
to contact the kidnapers of his
daughter, June.
TUCSON, Ariz., May 6 (/Ph—Fer
nando Robles trudged home early
today after another futile attempt
to contact the kidnapers of his
daughter, June.
TUCSON, Ariz., May 6 (/Ph—Fer
nando Robles trudged home early
today after another futile attempt
to contact the kidnapers of his
daughter, June.
TUCSON, Ariz., May 6 (/Ph—Fer
nando Robles trudged home early
today after another futile attempt
to contact the kidnapers of his
daughter, June.
TUCSON, Ariz., May 6 (/Ph—Fer
nando Robles trudged home early
today after another futile attempt
to contact the kidnapers of his
daughter, June.
TUCSON, Ariz., May 6 (/Ph—Fer
nando Robles trudged home early
today after another futile attempt
to contact the kidnapers of his
daughter, June.
TUCSON, Ariz., May 6 (/Ph—Fer
nando Robles trudged home early
today after another futile attempt
to contact the kidnapers of his
daughter, June.
TUCSON, Ariz., May 6 (/Ph—Fer
nando Robles trudged home early
today after another futile attempt
to contact the kidnapers of his
daughter, June.
TUCSON, Ariz., May 6 (/Ph—Fer
nando Robles trudged home early
today after another futile attempt
to contact the kidnapers of his
daughter, June.
