# A 						miracle falls just short
## 
### 
Daily photos by Sarah Rosenbaum


Stanford Coach Jack Elway
surveys the situation before
the game, feeling small sur
rounded by about 40,000
Clemson fans.


Stanford most valuable player
Brad Muster dodges Clemson
free safety James Lott en
route to a fourth quarter
touchdown that brought the
Cardinal to within six points.


Clcmson defenders James Lott
and Donnell Woolford bring
down wide receiver Thomas
Henley after a 12-yard pass
completion in the fourth
quarter.


The Stanford Band made
many friends of Clemson fans
by entertaining spectators
during the Gator Bowl parade
and providing a musical
review of the news of 1986 in
a brief halftime show.


Clemson most valuable player
Rodney Williams hands off to
fullback Chris Lancaster, one
of six Tiger ball carriers who
rushed for a combined 260
yards.
Daily photos by Sarah Rosenbaum


Stanford Coach Jack Elway
surveys the situation before
the game, feeling small sur
rounded by about 40,000
Clemson fans.


Stanford most valuable player
Brad Muster dodges Clemson
free safety James Lott en
route to a fourth quarter
touchdown that brought the
Cardinal to within six points.


Clcmson defenders James Lott
and Donnell Woolford bring
down wide receiver Thomas
Henley after a 12-yard pass
completion in the fourth
quarter.


The Stanford Band made
many friends of Clemson fans
by entertaining spectators
during the Gator Bowl parade
and providing a musical
review of the news of 1986 in
a brief halftime show.


Clemson most valuable player
Rodney Williams hands off to
fullback Chris Lancaster, one
of six Tiger ball carriers who
rushed for a combined 260
yards.
Daily photos by Sarah Rosenbaum


Stanford Coach Jack Elway
surveys the situation before
the game, feeling small sur
rounded by about 40,000
Clemson fans.


Stanford most valuable player
Brad Muster dodges Clemson
free safety James Lott en
route to a fourth quarter
touchdown that brought the
Cardinal to within six points.


Clcmson defenders James Lott
and Donnell Woolford bring
down wide receiver Thomas
Henley after a 12-yard pass
completion in the fourth
quarter.


The Stanford Band made
many friends of Clemson fans
by entertaining spectators
during the Gator Bowl parade
and providing a musical
review of the news of 1986 in
a brief halftime show.


Clemson most valuable player
Rodney Williams hands off to
fullback Chris Lancaster, one
of six Tiger ball carriers who
rushed for a combined 260
yards.
Daily photos by Sarah Rosenbaum


Stanford Coach Jack Elway
surveys the situation before
the game, feeling small sur
rounded by about 40,000
Clemson fans.


Stanford most valuable player
Brad Muster dodges Clemson
free safety James Lott en
route to a fourth quarter
touchdown that brought the
Cardinal to within six points.


Clcmson defenders James Lott
and Donnell Woolford bring
down wide receiver Thomas
Henley after a 12-yard pass
completion in the fourth
quarter.


The Stanford Band made
many friends of Clemson fans
by entertaining spectators
during the Gator Bowl parade
and providing a musical
review of the news of 1986 in
a brief halftime show.


Clemson most valuable player
Rodney Williams hands off to
fullback Chris Lancaster, one
of six Tiger ball carriers who
rushed for a combined 260
yards.
Daily photos by Sarah Rosenbaum


Stanford Coach Jack Elway
surveys the situation before
the game, feeling small sur
rounded by about 40,000
Clemson fans.


Stanford most valuable player
Brad Muster dodges Clemson
free safety James Lott en
route to a fourth quarter
touchdown that brought the
Cardinal to within six points.


Clcmson defenders James Lott
and Donnell Woolford bring
down wide receiver Thomas
Henley after a 12-yard pass
completion in the fourth
quarter.


The Stanford Band made
many friends of Clemson fans
by entertaining spectators
during the Gator Bowl parade
and providing a musical
review of the news of 1986 in
a brief halftime show.


Clemson most valuable player
Rodney Williams hands off to
fullback Chris Lancaster, one
of six Tiger ball carriers who
rushed for a combined 260
yards.
Daily photos by Sarah Rosenbaum


Stanford Coach Jack Elway
surveys the situation before
the game, feeling small sur
rounded by about 40,000
Clemson fans.


Stanford most valuable player
Brad Muster dodges Clemson
free safety James Lott en
route to a fourth quarter
touchdown that brought the
Cardinal to within six points.


Clcmson defenders James Lott
and Donnell Woolford bring
down wide receiver Thomas
Henley after a 12-yard pass
completion in the fourth
quarter.


The Stanford Band made
many friends of Clemson fans
by entertaining spectators
during the Gator Bowl parade
and providing a musical
review of the news of 1986 in
a brief halftime show.


Clemson most valuable player
Rodney Williams hands off to
fullback Chris Lancaster, one
of six Tiger ball carriers who
rushed for a combined 260
yards.
Daily photos by Sarah Rosenbaum


Stanford Coach Jack Elway
surveys the situation before
the game, feeling small sur
rounded by about 40,000
Clemson fans.


Stanford most valuable player
Brad Muster dodges Clemson
free safety James Lott en
route to a fourth quarter
touchdown that brought the
Cardinal to within six points.


Clcmson defenders James Lott
and Donnell Woolford bring
down wide receiver Thomas
Henley after a 12-yard pass
completion in the fourth
quarter.


The Stanford Band made
many friends of Clemson fans
by entertaining spectators
during the Gator Bowl parade
and providing a musical
review of the news of 1986 in
a brief halftime show.


Clemson most valuable player
Rodney Williams hands off to
fullback Chris Lancaster, one
of six Tiger ball carriers who
rushed for a combined 260
yards.
Daily photos by Sarah Rosenbaum


Stanford Coach Jack Elway
surveys the situation before
the game, feeling small sur
rounded by about 40,000
Clemson fans.


Stanford most valuable player
Brad Muster dodges Clemson
free safety James Lott en
route to a fourth quarter
touchdown that brought the
Cardinal to within six points.


Clcmson defenders James Lott
and Donnell Woolford bring
down wide receiver Thomas
Henley after a 12-yard pass
completion in the fourth
quarter.


The Stanford Band made
many friends of Clemson fans
by entertaining spectators
during the Gator Bowl parade
and providing a musical
review of the news of 1986 in
a brief halftime show.


Clemson most valuable player
Rodney Williams hands off to
fullback Chris Lancaster, one
of six Tiger ball carriers who
rushed for a combined 260
yards.
Daily photos by Sarah Rosenbaum


Stanford Coach Jack Elway
surveys the situation before
the game, feeling small sur
rounded by about 40,000
Clemson fans.


Stanford most valuable player
Brad Muster dodges Clemson
free safety James Lott en
route to a fourth quarter
touchdown that brought the
Cardinal to within six points.


Clcmson defenders James Lott
and Donnell Woolford bring
down wide receiver Thomas
Henley after a 12-yard pass
completion in the fourth
quarter.


The Stanford Band made
many friends of Clemson fans
by entertaining spectators
during the Gator Bowl parade
and providing a musical
review of the news of 1986 in
a brief halftime show.


Clemson most valuable player
Rodney Williams hands off to
fullback Chris Lancaster, one
of six Tiger ball carriers who
rushed for a combined 260
yards.
