# Student at Lane Hospital Given Sydney Scholarship
## 
### 
Mary Catherine Baldwin, '27, who is
studying medicine at Lane Hospital in
San Francisco, was awarded yesterday
the Margaret Sidney scholarship, given
by Miss Margaret Lothrop, formerly an
instructor in the Economics department.
Mary Catherine Baldwin, '27, who is
studying medicine at Lane Hospital in
San Francisco, was awarded yesterday
the Margaret Sidney scholarship, given
by Miss Margaret Lothrop, formerly an
instructor in the Economics department.
Mary Catherine Baldwin, '27, who is
studying medicine at Lane Hospital in
San Francisco, was awarded yesterday
the Margaret Sidney scholarship, given
by Miss Margaret Lothrop, formerly an
instructor in the Economics department.
Mary Catherine Baldwin, '27, who is
studying medicine at Lane Hospital in
San Francisco, was awarded yesterday
the Margaret Sidney scholarship, given
by Miss Margaret Lothrop, formerly an
instructor in the Economics department.
Mary Catherine Baldwin, '27, who is
studying medicine at Lane Hospital in
San Francisco, was awarded yesterday
the Margaret Sidney scholarship, given
by Miss Margaret Lothrop, formerly an
instructor in the Economics department.
Mary Catherine Baldwin, '27, who is
studying medicine at Lane Hospital in
San Francisco, was awarded yesterday
the Margaret Sidney scholarship, given
by Miss Margaret Lothrop, formerly an
instructor in the Economics department.
Mary Catherine Baldwin, '27, who is
studying medicine at Lane Hospital in
San Francisco, was awarded yesterday
the Margaret Sidney scholarship, given
by Miss Margaret Lothrop, formerly an
instructor in the Economics department.
Mary Catherine Baldwin, '27, who is
studying medicine at Lane Hospital in
San Francisco, was awarded yesterday
the Margaret Sidney scholarship, given
by Miss Margaret Lothrop, formerly an
instructor in the Economics department.
Mary Catherine Baldwin, '27, who is
studying medicine at Lane Hospital in
San Francisco, was awarded yesterday
the Margaret Sidney scholarship, given
by Miss Margaret Lothrop, formerly an
instructor in the Economics department.
Mary Catherine Baldwin, '27, who is
studying medicine at Lane Hospital in
San Francisco, was awarded yesterday
the Margaret Sidney scholarship, given
by Miss Margaret Lothrop, formerly an
instructor in the Economics department.
Mary Catherine Baldwin, '27, who is
studying medicine at Lane Hospital in
San Francisco, was awarded yesterday
the Margaret Sidney scholarship, given
by Miss Margaret Lothrop, formerly an
instructor in the Economics department.
Mary Catherine Baldwin, '27, who is
studying medicine at Lane Hospital in
San Francisco, was awarded yesterday
the Margaret Sidney scholarship, given
by Miss Margaret Lothrop, formerly an
instructor in the Economics department.
Mary Catherine Baldwin, '27, who is
studying medicine at Lane Hospital in
San Francisco, was awarded yesterday
the Margaret Sidney scholarship, given
by Miss Margaret Lothrop, formerly an
instructor in the Economics department.
Mary Catherine Baldwin, '27, who is
studying medicine at Lane Hospital in
San Francisco, was awarded yesterday
the Margaret Sidney scholarship, given
by Miss Margaret Lothrop, formerly an
instructor in the Economics department.
Mary Catherine Baldwin, '27, who is
studying medicine at Lane Hospital in
San Francisco, was awarded yesterday
the Margaret Sidney scholarship, given
by Miss Margaret Lothrop, formerly an
instructor in the Economics department.
Mary Catherine Baldwin, '27, who is
studying medicine at Lane Hospital in
San Francisco, was awarded yesterday
the Margaret Sidney scholarship, given
by Miss Margaret Lothrop, formerly an
instructor in the Economics department.
