# COPENHAGEN PHYSICIST WILL GIVE TALK HERE
## 
### 
Professor H. H. Cramers of the Uni
versity of Copenhagen will arrive on
the campus today for a three weeks'
lecture engagement. Professor Cra
mers is one of the world's foremost
physicists.
He will give a lecture this after
noon at 4 o'clock in Room 373 on
"New Quantum Mechanics," and later
talks will be given on different
phases of the same subject. The lec
ture will be open to everyone, but
will be primarily intended for gradu
ate students in the departments of
chemistry, mathematics, and physics.
Professor H. H. Cramers of the Uni
versity of Copenhagen will arrive on
the campus today for a three weeks'
lecture engagement. Professor Cra
mers is one of the world's foremost
physicists.
He will give a lecture this after
noon at 4 o'clock in Room 373 on
"New Quantum Mechanics," and later
talks will be given on different
phases of the same subject. The lec
ture will be open to everyone, but
will be primarily intended for gradu
ate students in the departments of
chemistry, mathematics, and physics.
Professor H. H. Cramers of the Uni
versity of Copenhagen will arrive on
the campus today for a three weeks'
lecture engagement. Professor Cra
mers is one of the world's foremost
physicists.
He will give a lecture this after
noon at 4 o'clock in Room 373 on
"New Quantum Mechanics," and later
talks will be given on different
phases of the same subject. The lec
ture will be open to everyone, but
will be primarily intended for gradu
ate students in the departments of
chemistry, mathematics, and physics.
Professor H. H. Cramers of the Uni
versity of Copenhagen will arrive on
the campus today for a three weeks'
lecture engagement. Professor Cra
mers is one of the world's foremost
physicists.
He will give a lecture this after
noon at 4 o'clock in Room 373 on
"New Quantum Mechanics," and later
talks will be given on different
phases of the same subject. The lec
ture will be open to everyone, but
will be primarily intended for gradu
ate students in the departments of
chemistry, mathematics, and physics.
Professor H. H. Cramers of the Uni
versity of Copenhagen will arrive on
the campus today for a three weeks'
lecture engagement. Professor Cra
mers is one of the world's foremost
physicists.
He will give a lecture this after
noon at 4 o'clock in Room 373 on
"New Quantum Mechanics," and later
talks will be given on different
phases of the same subject. The lec
ture will be open to everyone, but
will be primarily intended for gradu
ate students in the departments of
chemistry, mathematics, and physics.
Professor H. H. Cramers of the Uni
versity of Copenhagen will arrive on
the campus today for a three weeks'
lecture engagement. Professor Cra
mers is one of the world's foremost
physicists.
He will give a lecture this after
noon at 4 o'clock in Room 373 on
"New Quantum Mechanics," and later
talks will be given on different
phases of the same subject. The lec
ture will be open to everyone, but
will be primarily intended for gradu
ate students in the departments of
chemistry, mathematics, and physics.
Professor H. H. Cramers of the Uni
versity of Copenhagen will arrive on
the campus today for a three weeks'
lecture engagement. Professor Cra
mers is one of the world's foremost
physicists.
He will give a lecture this after
noon at 4 o'clock in Room 373 on
"New Quantum Mechanics," and later
talks will be given on different
phases of the same subject. The lec
ture will be open to everyone, but
will be primarily intended for gradu
ate students in the departments of
chemistry, mathematics, and physics.
Professor H. H. Cramers of the Uni
versity of Copenhagen will arrive on
the campus today for a three weeks'
lecture engagement. Professor Cra
mers is one of the world's foremost
physicists.
He will give a lecture this after
noon at 4 o'clock in Room 373 on
"New Quantum Mechanics," and later
talks will be given on different
phases of the same subject. The lec
ture will be open to everyone, but
will be primarily intended for gradu
ate students in the departments of
chemistry, mathematics, and physics.
Professor H. H. Cramers of the Uni
versity of Copenhagen will arrive on
the campus today for a three weeks'
lecture engagement. Professor Cra
mers is one of the world's foremost
physicists.
He will give a lecture this after
noon at 4 o'clock in Room 373 on
"New Quantum Mechanics," and later
talks will be given on different
phases of the same subject. The lec
ture will be open to everyone, but
will be primarily intended for gradu
ate students in the departments of
chemistry, mathematics, and physics.
Professor H. H. Cramers of the Uni
versity of Copenhagen will arrive on
the campus today for a three weeks'
lecture engagement. Professor Cra
mers is one of the world's foremost
physicists.
He will give a lecture this after
noon at 4 o'clock in Room 373 on
"New Quantum Mechanics," and later
talks will be given on different
phases of the same subject. The lec
ture will be open to everyone, but
will be primarily intended for gradu
ate students in the departments of
chemistry, mathematics, and physics.
Professor H. H. Cramers of the Uni
versity of Copenhagen will arrive on
the campus today for a three weeks'
lecture engagement. Professor Cra
mers is one of the world's foremost
physicists.
He will give a lecture this after
noon at 4 o'clock in Room 373 on
"New Quantum Mechanics," and later
talks will be given on different
phases of the same subject. The lec
ture will be open to everyone, but
will be primarily intended for gradu
ate students in the departments of
chemistry, mathematics, and physics.
Professor H. H. Cramers of the Uni
versity of Copenhagen will arrive on
the campus today for a three weeks'
lecture engagement. Professor Cra
mers is one of the world's foremost
physicists.
He will give a lecture this after
noon at 4 o'clock in Room 373 on
"New Quantum Mechanics," and later
talks will be given on different
phases of the same subject. The lec
ture will be open to everyone, but
will be primarily intended for gradu
ate students in the departments of
chemistry, mathematics, and physics.
Professor H. H. Cramers of the Uni
versity of Copenhagen will arrive on
the campus today for a three weeks'
lecture engagement. Professor Cra
mers is one of the world's foremost
physicists.
He will give a lecture this after
noon at 4 o'clock in Room 373 on
"New Quantum Mechanics," and later
talks will be given on different
phases of the same subject. The lec
ture will be open to everyone, but
will be primarily intended for gradu
ate students in the departments of
chemistry, mathematics, and physics.
Professor H. H. Cramers of the Uni
versity of Copenhagen will arrive on
the campus today for a three weeks'
lecture engagement. Professor Cra
mers is one of the world's foremost
physicists.
He will give a lecture this after
noon at 4 o'clock in Room 373 on
"New Quantum Mechanics," and later
talks will be given on different
phases of the same subject. The lec
ture will be open to everyone, but
will be primarily intended for gradu
ate students in the departments of
chemistry, mathematics, and physics.
Professor H. H. Cramers of the Uni
versity of Copenhagen will arrive on
the campus today for a three weeks'
lecture engagement. Professor Cra
mers is one of the world's foremost
physicists.
He will give a lecture this after
noon at 4 o'clock in Room 373 on
"New Quantum Mechanics," and later
talks will be given on different
phases of the same subject. The lec
ture will be open to everyone, but
will be primarily intended for gradu
ate students in the departments of
chemistry, mathematics, and physics.
Professor H. H. Cramers of the Uni
versity of Copenhagen will arrive on
the campus today for a three weeks'
lecture engagement. Professor Cra
mers is one of the world's foremost
physicists.
He will give a lecture this after
noon at 4 o'clock in Room 373 on
"New Quantum Mechanics," and later
talks will be given on different
phases of the same subject. The lec
ture will be open to everyone, but
will be primarily intended for gradu
ate students in the departments of
chemistry, mathematics, and physics.
