# Have Some News?
## 
### 
Lectures and meetings,
awards and appointments,
robberies and accidents —It's
a snap to have them covered
by The Daily.
Announcements of all sorts
can be mailed or delivered to
News Editor, Stanford Daily,
Storke Publications Building,
Stanford. Information and in
quiries are welcome by phone
at 321-2300, extension 4032.
Go ahead, participate.
Lectures and meetings,
awards and appointments,
robberies and accidents —It's
a snap to have them covered
by The Daily.
Announcements of all sorts
can be mailed or delivered to
News Editor, Stanford Daily,
Storke Publications Building,
Stanford. Information and in
quiries are welcome by phone
at 321-2300, extension 4032.
Go ahead, participate.
Lectures and meetings,
awards and appointments,
robberies and accidents —It's
a snap to have them covered
by The Daily.
Announcements of all sorts
can be mailed or delivered to
News Editor, Stanford Daily,
Storke Publications Building,
Stanford. Information and in
quiries are welcome by phone
at 321-2300, extension 4032.
Go ahead, participate.
Lectures and meetings,
awards and appointments,
robberies and accidents —It's
a snap to have them covered
by The Daily.
Announcements of all sorts
can be mailed or delivered to
News Editor, Stanford Daily,
Storke Publications Building,
Stanford. Information and in
quiries are welcome by phone
at 321-2300, extension 4032.
Go ahead, participate.
Lectures and meetings,
awards and appointments,
robberies and accidents —It's
a snap to have them covered
by The Daily.
Announcements of all sorts
can be mailed or delivered to
News Editor, Stanford Daily,
Storke Publications Building,
Stanford. Information and in
quiries are welcome by phone
at 321-2300, extension 4032.
Go ahead, participate.
Lectures and meetings,
awards and appointments,
robberies and accidents —It's
a snap to have them covered
by The Daily.
Announcements of all sorts
can be mailed or delivered to
News Editor, Stanford Daily,
Storke Publications Building,
Stanford. Information and in
quiries are welcome by phone
at 321-2300, extension 4032.
Go ahead, participate.
Lectures and meetings,
awards and appointments,
robberies and accidents —It's
a snap to have them covered
by The Daily.
Announcements of all sorts
can be mailed or delivered to
News Editor, Stanford Daily,
Storke Publications Building,
Stanford. Information and in
quiries are welcome by phone
at 321-2300, extension 4032.
Go ahead, participate.
Lectures and meetings,
awards and appointments,
robberies and accidents —It's
a snap to have them covered
by The Daily.
Announcements of all sorts
can be mailed or delivered to
News Editor, Stanford Daily,
Storke Publications Building,
Stanford. Information and in
quiries are welcome by phone
at 321-2300, extension 4032.
Go ahead, participate.
Lectures and meetings,
awards and appointments,
robberies and accidents —It's
a snap to have them covered
by The Daily.
Announcements of all sorts
can be mailed or delivered to
News Editor, Stanford Daily,
Storke Publications Building,
Stanford. Information and in
quiries are welcome by phone
at 321-2300, extension 4032.
Go ahead, participate.
Lectures and meetings,
awards and appointments,
robberies and accidents —It's
a snap to have them covered
by The Daily.
Announcements of all sorts
can be mailed or delivered to
News Editor, Stanford Daily,
Storke Publications Building,
Stanford. Information and in
quiries are welcome by phone
at 321-2300, extension 4032.
Go ahead, participate.
Lectures and meetings,
awards and appointments,
robberies and accidents —It's
a snap to have them covered
by The Daily.
Announcements of all sorts
can be mailed or delivered to
News Editor, Stanford Daily,
Storke Publications Building,
Stanford. Information and in
quiries are welcome by phone
at 321-2300, extension 4032.
Go ahead, participate.
Lectures and meetings,
awards and appointments,
robberies and accidents —It's
a snap to have them covered
by The Daily.
Announcements of all sorts
can be mailed or delivered to
News Editor, Stanford Daily,
Storke Publications Building,
Stanford. Information and in
quiries are welcome by phone
at 321-2300, extension 4032.
Go ahead, participate.
Lectures and meetings,
awards and appointments,
robberies and accidents —It's
a snap to have them covered
by The Daily.
Announcements of all sorts
can be mailed or delivered to
News Editor, Stanford Daily,
Storke Publications Building,
Stanford. Information and in
quiries are welcome by phone
at 321-2300, extension 4032.
Go ahead, participate.
Lectures and meetings,
awards and appointments,
robberies and accidents —It's
a snap to have them covered
by The Daily.
Announcements of all sorts
can be mailed or delivered to
News Editor, Stanford Daily,
Storke Publications Building,
Stanford. Information and in
quiries are welcome by phone
at 321-2300, extension 4032.
Go ahead, participate.
Lectures and meetings,
awards and appointments,
robberies and accidents —It's
a snap to have them covered
by The Daily.
Announcements of all sorts
can be mailed or delivered to
News Editor, Stanford Daily,
Storke Publications Building,
Stanford. Information and in
quiries are welcome by phone
at 321-2300, extension 4032.
Go ahead, participate.
Lectures and meetings,
awards and appointments,
robberies and accidents —It's
a snap to have them covered
by The Daily.
Announcements of all sorts
can be mailed or delivered to
News Editor, Stanford Daily,
Storke Publications Building,
Stanford. Information and in
quiries are welcome by phone
at 321-2300, extension 4032.
Go ahead, participate.
