# Butler Speaks On Revolution As Profession
## 
### 
Edward Butler will lecture on
"Revolution as a Profession" to
night at 7:30 p.m. in the Tresid
der large lounge. His speech is
sponsored by the Political Un
ion.
Butler, according to Joe Fraw
ley, a Stanford student who
worked with the young journal
ist this summer, feels that revo
lution has become a legitimate
means of conflict between coun
tries.
Butler is planning a quarterly
magazine of topical variety
aimed at youth, The Westwood
Village Square. The first issue
will appear November 15 and
circulate statewide.
Working for the Information
Council of the Americas, Butler,
32, was heard on 139 radio sta
tions in South America.
