# DINNER SPEAKER
## 
### 
Norman J. Silberling, President of
the Silberling Forecasting and
Business Research Company, talked
at the weekly dinner of the Busi
ness Club held last night in the
Union dining room. The speaker is
an outstanding authority on the
forecasting service in the United
States.
Norman J. Silberling, President of
the Silberling Forecasting and
Business Research Company, talked
at the weekly dinner of the Busi
ness Club held last night in the
Union dining room. The speaker is
an outstanding authority on the
forecasting service in the United
States.
Norman J. Silberling, President of
the Silberling Forecasting and
Business Research Company, talked
at the weekly dinner of the Busi
ness Club held last night in the
Union dining room. The speaker is
an outstanding authority on the
forecasting service in the United
States.
Norman J. Silberling, President of
the Silberling Forecasting and
Business Research Company, talked
at the weekly dinner of the Busi
ness Club held last night in the
Union dining room. The speaker is
an outstanding authority on the
forecasting service in the United
States.
Norman J. Silberling, President of
the Silberling Forecasting and
Business Research Company, talked
at the weekly dinner of the Busi
ness Club held last night in the
Union dining room. The speaker is
an outstanding authority on the
forecasting service in the United
States.
Norman J. Silberling, President of
the Silberling Forecasting and
Business Research Company, talked
at the weekly dinner of the Busi
ness Club held last night in the
Union dining room. The speaker is
an outstanding authority on the
forecasting service in the United
States.
Norman J. Silberling, President of
the Silberling Forecasting and
Business Research Company, talked
at the weekly dinner of the Busi
ness Club held last night in the
Union dining room. The speaker is
an outstanding authority on the
forecasting service in the United
States.
Norman J. Silberling, President of
the Silberling Forecasting and
Business Research Company, talked
at the weekly dinner of the Busi
ness Club held last night in the
Union dining room. The speaker is
an outstanding authority on the
forecasting service in the United
States.
Norman J. Silberling, President of
the Silberling Forecasting and
Business Research Company, talked
at the weekly dinner of the Busi
ness Club held last night in the
Union dining room. The speaker is
an outstanding authority on the
forecasting service in the United
States.
Norman J. Silberling, President of
the Silberling Forecasting and
Business Research Company, talked
at the weekly dinner of the Busi
ness Club held last night in the
Union dining room. The speaker is
an outstanding authority on the
forecasting service in the United
States.
Norman J. Silberling, President of
the Silberling Forecasting and
Business Research Company, talked
at the weekly dinner of the Busi
ness Club held last night in the
Union dining room. The speaker is
an outstanding authority on the
forecasting service in the United
States.
Norman J. Silberling, President of
the Silberling Forecasting and
Business Research Company, talked
at the weekly dinner of the Busi
ness Club held last night in the
Union dining room. The speaker is
an outstanding authority on the
forecasting service in the United
States.
Norman J. Silberling, President of
the Silberling Forecasting and
Business Research Company, talked
at the weekly dinner of the Busi
ness Club held last night in the
Union dining room. The speaker is
an outstanding authority on the
forecasting service in the United
States.
Norman J. Silberling, President of
the Silberling Forecasting and
Business Research Company, talked
at the weekly dinner of the Busi
ness Club held last night in the
Union dining room. The speaker is
an outstanding authority on the
forecasting service in the United
States.
