# CONCERT SERIES TRYOUTS
## 
### 
All men and women interested in
frying out for the A.S.S.U. Concert
Series business staff arc asked to
meet in the Concert Series office in
the Old Union tonight at 7:15
o'clock.
All men and women interested in
frying out for the A.S.S.U. Concert
Series business staff arc asked to
meet in the Concert Series office in
the Old Union tonight at 7:15
o'clock.
All men and women interested in
frying out for the A.S.S.U. Concert
Series business staff arc asked to
meet in the Concert Series office in
the Old Union tonight at 7:15
o'clock.
All men and women interested in
frying out for the A.S.S.U. Concert
Series business staff arc asked to
meet in the Concert Series office in
the Old Union tonight at 7:15
o'clock.
All men and women interested in
frying out for the A.S.S.U. Concert
Series business staff arc asked to
meet in the Concert Series office in
the Old Union tonight at 7:15
o'clock.
All men and women interested in
frying out for the A.S.S.U. Concert
Series business staff arc asked to
meet in the Concert Series office in
the Old Union tonight at 7:15
o'clock.
All men and women interested in
frying out for the A.S.S.U. Concert
Series business staff arc asked to
meet in the Concert Series office in
the Old Union tonight at 7:15
o'clock.
All men and women interested in
frying out for the A.S.S.U. Concert
Series business staff arc asked to
meet in the Concert Series office in
the Old Union tonight at 7:15
o'clock.
All men and women interested in
frying out for the A.S.S.U. Concert
Series business staff arc asked to
meet in the Concert Series office in
the Old Union tonight at 7:15
o'clock.
All men and women interested in
frying out for the A.S.S.U. Concert
Series business staff arc asked to
meet in the Concert Series office in
the Old Union tonight at 7:15
o'clock.
All men and women interested in
frying out for the A.S.S.U. Concert
Series business staff arc asked to
meet in the Concert Series office in
the Old Union tonight at 7:15
o'clock.
All men and women interested in
frying out for the A.S.S.U. Concert
Series business staff arc asked to
meet in the Concert Series office in
the Old Union tonight at 7:15
o'clock.
All men and women interested in
frying out for the A.S.S.U. Concert
Series business staff arc asked to
meet in the Concert Series office in
the Old Union tonight at 7:15
o'clock.
All men and women interested in
frying out for the A.S.S.U. Concert
Series business staff arc asked to
meet in the Concert Series office in
the Old Union tonight at 7:15
o'clock.
