# PENN DECATHLON WINNER
## 
### 

George Munger, versatile University of Pennsylvania athlete, with
the cap he won in the decathlon, opening event of the annual Penn
relays in Philadelphia. He captured three of the events and tied in
another to win from Hall of Florida.

George Munger, versatile University of Pennsylvania athlete, with
the cap he won in the decathlon, opening event of the annual Penn
relays in Philadelphia. He captured three of the events and tied in
another to win from Hall of Florida.

George Munger, versatile University of Pennsylvania athlete, with
the cap he won in the decathlon, opening event of the annual Penn
relays in Philadelphia. He captured three of the events and tied in
another to win from Hall of Florida.

George Munger, versatile University of Pennsylvania athlete, with
the cap he won in the decathlon, opening event of the annual Penn
relays in Philadelphia. He captured three of the events and tied in
another to win from Hall of Florida.

George Munger, versatile University of Pennsylvania athlete, with
the cap he won in the decathlon, opening event of the annual Penn
relays in Philadelphia. He captured three of the events and tied in
another to win from Hall of Florida.

George Munger, versatile University of Pennsylvania athlete, with
the cap he won in the decathlon, opening event of the annual Penn
relays in Philadelphia. He captured three of the events and tied in
another to win from Hall of Florida.

George Munger, versatile University of Pennsylvania athlete, with
the cap he won in the decathlon, opening event of the annual Penn
relays in Philadelphia. He captured three of the events and tied in
another to win from Hall of Florida.

George Munger, versatile University of Pennsylvania athlete, with
the cap he won in the decathlon, opening event of the annual Penn
relays in Philadelphia. He captured three of the events and tied in
another to win from Hall of Florida.

George Munger, versatile University of Pennsylvania athlete, with
the cap he won in the decathlon, opening event of the annual Penn
relays in Philadelphia. He captured three of the events and tied in
another to win from Hall of Florida.

George Munger, versatile University of Pennsylvania athlete, with
the cap he won in the decathlon, opening event of the annual Penn
relays in Philadelphia. He captured three of the events and tied in
another to win from Hall of Florida.

George Munger, versatile University of Pennsylvania athlete, with
the cap he won in the decathlon, opening event of the annual Penn
relays in Philadelphia. He captured three of the events and tied in
another to win from Hall of Florida.

George Munger, versatile University of Pennsylvania athlete, with
the cap he won in the decathlon, opening event of the annual Penn
relays in Philadelphia. He captured three of the events and tied in
another to win from Hall of Florida.

George Munger, versatile University of Pennsylvania athlete, with
the cap he won in the decathlon, opening event of the annual Penn
relays in Philadelphia. He captured three of the events and tied in
another to win from Hall of Florida.

George Munger, versatile University of Pennsylvania athlete, with
the cap he won in the decathlon, opening event of the annual Penn
relays in Philadelphia. He captured three of the events and tied in
another to win from Hall of Florida.
