# FIRST BATHTUB IN KANSAS
## 
### 

This photo shows the first and last bathtub in Kansas, introduced in 182(5
and lias never been used for bathing since. The tub was built around the
dog and then the damned dog wouldn't move.

This photo shows the first and last bathtub in Kansas, introduced in 182(5
and lias never been used for bathing since. The tub was built around the
dog and then the damned dog wouldn't move.

This photo shows the first and last bathtub in Kansas, introduced in 182(5
and lias never been used for bathing since. The tub was built around the
dog and then the damned dog wouldn't move.

This photo shows the first and last bathtub in Kansas, introduced in 182(5
and lias never been used for bathing since. The tub was built around the
dog and then the damned dog wouldn't move.

This photo shows the first and last bathtub in Kansas, introduced in 182(5
and lias never been used for bathing since. The tub was built around the
dog and then the damned dog wouldn't move.

This photo shows the first and last bathtub in Kansas, introduced in 182(5
and lias never been used for bathing since. The tub was built around the
dog and then the damned dog wouldn't move.

This photo shows the first and last bathtub in Kansas, introduced in 182(5
and lias never been used for bathing since. The tub was built around the
dog and then the damned dog wouldn't move.

This photo shows the first and last bathtub in Kansas, introduced in 182(5
and lias never been used for bathing since. The tub was built around the
dog and then the damned dog wouldn't move.

This photo shows the first and last bathtub in Kansas, introduced in 182(5
and lias never been used for bathing since. The tub was built around the
dog and then the damned dog wouldn't move.

This photo shows the first and last bathtub in Kansas, introduced in 182(5
and lias never been used for bathing since. The tub was built around the
dog and then the damned dog wouldn't move.

This photo shows the first and last bathtub in Kansas, introduced in 182(5
and lias never been used for bathing since. The tub was built around the
dog and then the damned dog wouldn't move.

This photo shows the first and last bathtub in Kansas, introduced in 182(5
and lias never been used for bathing since. The tub was built around the
dog and then the damned dog wouldn't move.

This photo shows the first and last bathtub in Kansas, introduced in 182(5
and lias never been used for bathing since. The tub was built around the
dog and then the damned dog wouldn't move.

This photo shows the first and last bathtub in Kansas, introduced in 182(5
and lias never been used for bathing since. The tub was built around the
dog and then the damned dog wouldn't move.

This photo shows the first and last bathtub in Kansas, introduced in 182(5
and lias never been used for bathing since. The tub was built around the
dog and then the damned dog wouldn't move.
