# THE 						ELECTION BD. HOPES THAT FEW WILL VOTE, AND THAT WORK WILL BE MADE EASIER
## 
### 
The election bd. hopes that few
will vote between 8 and 2 tomorrow,
and that work will be made easier.
The election bd. hopes that few
will vote between 8 and 2 tomorrow,
and that work will be made easier.
The election bd. hopes that few
will vote between 8 and 2 tomorrow,
and that work will be made easier.
The election bd. hopes that few
will vote between 8 and 2 tomorrow,
and that work will be made easier.
The election bd. hopes that few
will vote between 8 and 2 tomorrow,
and that work will be made easier.
The election bd. hopes that few
will vote between 8 and 2 tomorrow,
and that work will be made easier.
The election bd. hopes that few
will vote between 8 and 2 tomorrow,
and that work will be made easier.
The election bd. hopes that few
will vote between 8 and 2 tomorrow,
and that work will be made easier.
The election bd. hopes that few
will vote between 8 and 2 tomorrow,
and that work will be made easier.
The election bd. hopes that few
will vote between 8 and 2 tomorrow,
and that work will be made easier.
The election bd. hopes that few
will vote between 8 and 2 tomorrow,
and that work will be made easier.
The election bd. hopes that few
will vote between 8 and 2 tomorrow,
and that work will be made easier.
The election bd. hopes that few
will vote between 8 and 2 tomorrow,
and that work will be made easier.
The election bd. hopes that few
will vote between 8 and 2 tomorrow,
and that work will be made easier.
The election bd. hopes that few
will vote between 8 and 2 tomorrow,
and that work will be made easier.
