# Dr. David P. Barrows to Speak at Class Banquet
## 
### 
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA â€”
Dr. David P. Barrows, president of the
UniveVsity of California, will give
more than an ordinary after dinner ad
dress at the banquet of the men of the
Class of 1923. When this class en
tered the university, Dr. Barrows was
just taking over his duties as presi
dent-elect.
The Class of 1923 marked the begin
ning of increased enrollment which
eventually led to making the univer
sity one of the largest in the world.
The problems of student government
and of administrative duties, made
more complex by the war, were faced
and solved by both President Barrows
and the present senior class. After
four years of service President Bar
rows and the senior class are leaving
the university together.
