# OXFORD TRACK SQUAD SAILS TO CONTEND IN PENN RELAYS
## 
### 
Oxford's track squad has set sail on
the steamer Berengaria for New York
to attend the Pen Relay Carnival in
which they will run in two relay
championships. Both of the Oxford
teams are in first class condition, ac
cording to final reports from abroad,
and judging by their victories at Penn
in 1914 and 1915 they will probably
extend the American contenders to the
limit.
Oxford's track squad has set sail on
the steamer Berengaria for New York
to attend the Pen Relay Carnival in
which they will run in two relay
championships. Both of the Oxford
teams are in first class condition, ac
cording to final reports from abroad,
and judging by their victories at Penn
in 1914 and 1915 they will probably
extend the American contenders to the
limit.
Oxford's track squad has set sail on
the steamer Berengaria for New York
to attend the Pen Relay Carnival in
which they will run in two relay
championships. Both of the Oxford
teams are in first class condition, ac
cording to final reports from abroad,
and judging by their victories at Penn
in 1914 and 1915 they will probably
extend the American contenders to the
limit.
Oxford's track squad has set sail on
the steamer Berengaria for New York
to attend the Pen Relay Carnival in
which they will run in two relay
championships. Both of the Oxford
teams are in first class condition, ac
cording to final reports from abroad,
and judging by their victories at Penn
in 1914 and 1915 they will probably
extend the American contenders to the
limit.
Oxford's track squad has set sail on
the steamer Berengaria for New York
to attend the Pen Relay Carnival in
which they will run in two relay
championships. Both of the Oxford
teams are in first class condition, ac
cording to final reports from abroad,
and judging by their victories at Penn
in 1914 and 1915 they will probably
extend the American contenders to the
limit.
Oxford's track squad has set sail on
the steamer Berengaria for New York
to attend the Pen Relay Carnival in
which they will run in two relay
championships. Both of the Oxford
teams are in first class condition, ac
cording to final reports from abroad,
and judging by their victories at Penn
in 1914 and 1915 they will probably
extend the American contenders to the
limit.
Oxford's track squad has set sail on
the steamer Berengaria for New York
to attend the Pen Relay Carnival in
which they will run in two relay
championships. Both of the Oxford
teams are in first class condition, ac
cording to final reports from abroad,
and judging by their victories at Penn
in 1914 and 1915 they will probably
extend the American contenders to the
limit.
Oxford's track squad has set sail on
the steamer Berengaria for New York
to attend the Pen Relay Carnival in
which they will run in two relay
championships. Both of the Oxford
teams are in first class condition, ac
cording to final reports from abroad,
and judging by their victories at Penn
in 1914 and 1915 they will probably
extend the American contenders to the
limit.
Oxford's track squad has set sail on
the steamer Berengaria for New York
to attend the Pen Relay Carnival in
which they will run in two relay
championships. Both of the Oxford
teams are in first class condition, ac
cording to final reports from abroad,
and judging by their victories at Penn
in 1914 and 1915 they will probably
extend the American contenders to the
limit.
Oxford's track squad has set sail on
the steamer Berengaria for New York
to attend the Pen Relay Carnival in
which they will run in two relay
championships. Both of the Oxford
teams are in first class condition, ac
cording to final reports from abroad,
and judging by their victories at Penn
in 1914 and 1915 they will probably
extend the American contenders to the
limit.
Oxford's track squad has set sail on
the steamer Berengaria for New York
to attend the Pen Relay Carnival in
which they will run in two relay
championships. Both of the Oxford
teams are in first class condition, ac
cording to final reports from abroad,
and judging by their victories at Penn
in 1914 and 1915 they will probably
extend the American contenders to the
limit.
Oxford's track squad has set sail on
the steamer Berengaria for New York
to attend the Pen Relay Carnival in
which they will run in two relay
championships. Both of the Oxford
teams are in first class condition, ac
cording to final reports from abroad,
and judging by their victories at Penn
in 1914 and 1915 they will probably
extend the American contenders to the
limit.
Oxford's track squad has set sail on
the steamer Berengaria for New York
to attend the Pen Relay Carnival in
which they will run in two relay
championships. Both of the Oxford
teams are in first class condition, ac
cording to final reports from abroad,
and judging by their victories at Penn
in 1914 and 1915 they will probably
extend the American contenders to the
limit.
Oxford's track squad has set sail on
the steamer Berengaria for New York
to attend the Pen Relay Carnival in
which they will run in two relay
championships. Both of the Oxford
teams are in first class condition, ac
cording to final reports from abroad,
and judging by their victories at Penn
in 1914 and 1915 they will probably
extend the American contenders to the
limit.
Oxford's track squad has set sail on
the steamer Berengaria for New York
to attend the Pen Relay Carnival in
which they will run in two relay
championships. Both of the Oxford
teams are in first class condition, ac
cording to final reports from abroad,
and judging by their victories at Penn
in 1914 and 1915 they will probably
extend the American contenders to the
limit.
