# Chemistry Fraternity to Initiate Dr. James Kendall
## 
### 
Dr. James Kendall, professor of chem
istry, will be initiated into Alpha Chi
Sigma, honrary chemistry society tomor
row afternoon. Dr. Kendall comes from
Columbia University and is teaching a
course in catalysis at Stanford this quar
ter in the absence of professors Franklin
and Swain. His initiation will be a part
of the regular initiation of members re
cently elected to Alpha Chi Sigma. A
banquet in the Russell Cafeteria will fol
low the ceremony.
Dr. James Kendall, professor of chem
istry, will be initiated into Alpha Chi
Sigma, honrary chemistry society tomor
row afternoon. Dr. Kendall comes from
Columbia University and is teaching a
course in catalysis at Stanford this quar
ter in the absence of professors Franklin
and Swain. His initiation will be a part
of the regular initiation of members re
cently elected to Alpha Chi Sigma. A
banquet in the Russell Cafeteria will fol
low the ceremony.
Dr. James Kendall, professor of chem
istry, will be initiated into Alpha Chi
Sigma, honrary chemistry society tomor
row afternoon. Dr. Kendall comes from
Columbia University and is teaching a
course in catalysis at Stanford this quar
ter in the absence of professors Franklin
and Swain. His initiation will be a part
of the regular initiation of members re
cently elected to Alpha Chi Sigma. A
banquet in the Russell Cafeteria will fol
low the ceremony.
Dr. James Kendall, professor of chem
istry, will be initiated into Alpha Chi
Sigma, honrary chemistry society tomor
row afternoon. Dr. Kendall comes from
Columbia University and is teaching a
course in catalysis at Stanford this quar
ter in the absence of professors Franklin
and Swain. His initiation will be a part
of the regular initiation of members re
cently elected to Alpha Chi Sigma. A
banquet in the Russell Cafeteria will fol
low the ceremony.
Dr. James Kendall, professor of chem
istry, will be initiated into Alpha Chi
Sigma, honrary chemistry society tomor
row afternoon. Dr. Kendall comes from
Columbia University and is teaching a
course in catalysis at Stanford this quar
ter in the absence of professors Franklin
and Swain. His initiation will be a part
of the regular initiation of members re
cently elected to Alpha Chi Sigma. A
banquet in the Russell Cafeteria will fol
low the ceremony.
Dr. James Kendall, professor of chem
istry, will be initiated into Alpha Chi
Sigma, honrary chemistry society tomor
row afternoon. Dr. Kendall comes from
Columbia University and is teaching a
course in catalysis at Stanford this quar
ter in the absence of professors Franklin
and Swain. His initiation will be a part
of the regular initiation of members re
cently elected to Alpha Chi Sigma. A
banquet in the Russell Cafeteria will fol
low the ceremony.
Dr. James Kendall, professor of chem
istry, will be initiated into Alpha Chi
Sigma, honrary chemistry society tomor
row afternoon. Dr. Kendall comes from
Columbia University and is teaching a
course in catalysis at Stanford this quar
ter in the absence of professors Franklin
and Swain. His initiation will be a part
of the regular initiation of members re
cently elected to Alpha Chi Sigma. A
banquet in the Russell Cafeteria will fol
low the ceremony.
Dr. James Kendall, professor of chem
istry, will be initiated into Alpha Chi
Sigma, honrary chemistry society tomor
row afternoon. Dr. Kendall comes from
Columbia University and is teaching a
course in catalysis at Stanford this quar
ter in the absence of professors Franklin
and Swain. His initiation will be a part
of the regular initiation of members re
cently elected to Alpha Chi Sigma. A
banquet in the Russell Cafeteria will fol
low the ceremony.
Dr. James Kendall, professor of chem
istry, will be initiated into Alpha Chi
Sigma, honrary chemistry society tomor
row afternoon. Dr. Kendall comes from
Columbia University and is teaching a
course in catalysis at Stanford this quar
ter in the absence of professors Franklin
and Swain. His initiation will be a part
of the regular initiation of members re
cently elected to Alpha Chi Sigma. A
banquet in the Russell Cafeteria will fol
low the ceremony.
Dr. James Kendall, professor of chem
istry, will be initiated into Alpha Chi
Sigma, honrary chemistry society tomor
row afternoon. Dr. Kendall comes from
Columbia University and is teaching a
course in catalysis at Stanford this quar
ter in the absence of professors Franklin
and Swain. His initiation will be a part
of the regular initiation of members re
cently elected to Alpha Chi Sigma. A
banquet in the Russell Cafeteria will fol
low the ceremony.
Dr. James Kendall, professor of chem
istry, will be initiated into Alpha Chi
Sigma, honrary chemistry society tomor
row afternoon. Dr. Kendall comes from
Columbia University and is teaching a
course in catalysis at Stanford this quar
ter in the absence of professors Franklin
and Swain. His initiation will be a part
of the regular initiation of members re
cently elected to Alpha Chi Sigma. A
banquet in the Russell Cafeteria will fol
low the ceremony.
Dr. James Kendall, professor of chem
istry, will be initiated into Alpha Chi
Sigma, honrary chemistry society tomor
row afternoon. Dr. Kendall comes from
Columbia University and is teaching a
course in catalysis at Stanford this quar
ter in the absence of professors Franklin
and Swain. His initiation will be a part
of the regular initiation of members re
cently elected to Alpha Chi Sigma. A
banquet in the Russell Cafeteria will fol
low the ceremony.
Dr. James Kendall, professor of chem
istry, will be initiated into Alpha Chi
Sigma, honrary chemistry society tomor
row afternoon. Dr. Kendall comes from
Columbia University and is teaching a
course in catalysis at Stanford this quar
ter in the absence of professors Franklin
and Swain. His initiation will be a part
of the regular initiation of members re
cently elected to Alpha Chi Sigma. A
banquet in the Russell Cafeteria will fol
low the ceremony.
Dr. James Kendall, professor of chem
istry, will be initiated into Alpha Chi
Sigma, honrary chemistry society tomor
row afternoon. Dr. Kendall comes from
Columbia University and is teaching a
course in catalysis at Stanford this quar
ter in the absence of professors Franklin
and Swain. His initiation will be a part
of the regular initiation of members re
cently elected to Alpha Chi Sigma. A
banquet in the Russell Cafeteria will fol
low the ceremony.
Dr. James Kendall, professor of chem
istry, will be initiated into Alpha Chi
Sigma, honrary chemistry society tomor
row afternoon. Dr. Kendall comes from
Columbia University and is teaching a
course in catalysis at Stanford this quar
ter in the absence of professors Franklin
and Swain. His initiation will be a part
of the regular initiation of members re
cently elected to Alpha Chi Sigma. A
banquet in the Russell Cafeteria will fol
low the ceremony.
