# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Daily sleuths have uncovered the
origin of the controversial USC
pseudonym. "Murder, Inc." The
expression seems to have originated
in a press release by Tom Lawless,
Trojan publicity director in charge
of sports.
Daily sleuths have uncovered the
origin of the controversial USC
pseudonym. "Murder, Inc." The
expression seems to have originated
in a press release by Tom Lawless,
Trojan publicity director in charge
of sports.
Daily sleuths have uncovered the
origin of the controversial USC
pseudonym. "Murder, Inc." The
expression seems to have originated
in a press release by Tom Lawless,
Trojan publicity director in charge
of sports.
Daily sleuths have uncovered the
origin of the controversial USC
pseudonym. "Murder, Inc." The
expression seems to have originated
in a press release by Tom Lawless,
Trojan publicity director in charge
of sports.
Daily sleuths have uncovered the
origin of the controversial USC
pseudonym. "Murder, Inc." The
expression seems to have originated
in a press release by Tom Lawless,
Trojan publicity director in charge
of sports.
Daily sleuths have uncovered the
origin of the controversial USC
pseudonym. "Murder, Inc." The
expression seems to have originated
in a press release by Tom Lawless,
Trojan publicity director in charge
of sports.
Daily sleuths have uncovered the
origin of the controversial USC
pseudonym. "Murder, Inc." The
expression seems to have originated
in a press release by Tom Lawless,
Trojan publicity director in charge
of sports.
Daily sleuths have uncovered the
origin of the controversial USC
pseudonym. "Murder, Inc." The
expression seems to have originated
in a press release by Tom Lawless,
Trojan publicity director in charge
of sports.
Daily sleuths have uncovered the
origin of the controversial USC
pseudonym. "Murder, Inc." The
expression seems to have originated
in a press release by Tom Lawless,
Trojan publicity director in charge
of sports.
Daily sleuths have uncovered the
origin of the controversial USC
pseudonym. "Murder, Inc." The
expression seems to have originated
in a press release by Tom Lawless,
Trojan publicity director in charge
of sports.
Daily sleuths have uncovered the
origin of the controversial USC
pseudonym. "Murder, Inc." The
expression seems to have originated
in a press release by Tom Lawless,
Trojan publicity director in charge
of sports.
Daily sleuths have uncovered the
origin of the controversial USC
pseudonym. "Murder, Inc." The
expression seems to have originated
in a press release by Tom Lawless,
Trojan publicity director in charge
of sports.
Daily sleuths have uncovered the
origin of the controversial USC
pseudonym. "Murder, Inc." The
expression seems to have originated
in a press release by Tom Lawless,
Trojan publicity director in charge
of sports.
Daily sleuths have uncovered the
origin of the controversial USC
pseudonym. "Murder, Inc." The
expression seems to have originated
in a press release by Tom Lawless,
Trojan publicity director in charge
of sports.
Daily sleuths have uncovered the
origin of the controversial USC
pseudonym. "Murder, Inc." The
expression seems to have originated
in a press release by Tom Lawless,
Trojan publicity director in charge
of sports.
