# Card Victory Movies To Be Shown Tonight
## 
### 
Movies of last Saturday's Stan- I
ford victory over USC will he |
shown tonight at 7:15 in Memo- j
rial Hall, and at X:3O in Cubhcr
ley Auditorium.
A sound track accompanies the
film. The time and inconvenience
involved makes it impossible for
the coaching staff to na'rrate per
sonally, Skip Irving. Cardinals' |
football movies chairman, ex
plained. The film is shown at reg
ular speed hut will he slowed
down for key plays.
Movies of last Saturday's Stan- I
ford victory over USC will he |
shown tonight at 7:15 in Memo- j
rial Hall, and at X:3O in Cubhcr
ley Auditorium.
A sound track accompanies the
film. The time and inconvenience
involved makes it impossible for
the coaching staff to na'rrate per
sonally, Skip Irving. Cardinals' |
football movies chairman, ex
plained. The film is shown at reg
ular speed hut will he slowed
down for key plays.
Movies of last Saturday's Stan- I
ford victory over USC will he |
shown tonight at 7:15 in Memo- j
rial Hall, and at X:3O in Cubhcr
ley Auditorium.
A sound track accompanies the
film. The time and inconvenience
involved makes it impossible for
the coaching staff to na'rrate per
sonally, Skip Irving. Cardinals' |
football movies chairman, ex
plained. The film is shown at reg
ular speed hut will he slowed
down for key plays.
Movies of last Saturday's Stan- I
ford victory over USC will he |
shown tonight at 7:15 in Memo- j
rial Hall, and at X:3O in Cubhcr
ley Auditorium.
A sound track accompanies the
film. The time and inconvenience
involved makes it impossible for
the coaching staff to na'rrate per
sonally, Skip Irving. Cardinals' |
football movies chairman, ex
plained. The film is shown at reg
ular speed hut will he slowed
down for key plays.
Movies of last Saturday's Stan- I
ford victory over USC will he |
shown tonight at 7:15 in Memo- j
rial Hall, and at X:3O in Cubhcr
ley Auditorium.
A sound track accompanies the
film. The time and inconvenience
involved makes it impossible for
the coaching staff to na'rrate per
sonally, Skip Irving. Cardinals' |
football movies chairman, ex
plained. The film is shown at reg
ular speed hut will he slowed
down for key plays.
Movies of last Saturday's Stan- I
ford victory over USC will he |
shown tonight at 7:15 in Memo- j
rial Hall, and at X:3O in Cubhcr
ley Auditorium.
A sound track accompanies the
film. The time and inconvenience
involved makes it impossible for
the coaching staff to na'rrate per
sonally, Skip Irving. Cardinals' |
football movies chairman, ex
plained. The film is shown at reg
ular speed hut will he slowed
down for key plays.
Movies of last Saturday's Stan- I
ford victory over USC will he |
shown tonight at 7:15 in Memo- j
rial Hall, and at X:3O in Cubhcr
ley Auditorium.
A sound track accompanies the
film. The time and inconvenience
involved makes it impossible for
the coaching staff to na'rrate per
sonally, Skip Irving. Cardinals' |
football movies chairman, ex
plained. The film is shown at reg
ular speed hut will he slowed
down for key plays.
Movies of last Saturday's Stan- I
ford victory over USC will he |
shown tonight at 7:15 in Memo- j
rial Hall, and at X:3O in Cubhcr
ley Auditorium.
A sound track accompanies the
film. The time and inconvenience
involved makes it impossible for
the coaching staff to na'rrate per
sonally, Skip Irving. Cardinals' |
football movies chairman, ex
plained. The film is shown at reg
ular speed hut will he slowed
down for key plays.
Movies of last Saturday's Stan- I
ford victory over USC will he |
shown tonight at 7:15 in Memo- j
rial Hall, and at X:3O in Cubhcr
ley Auditorium.
A sound track accompanies the
film. The time and inconvenience
involved makes it impossible for
the coaching staff to na'rrate per
sonally, Skip Irving. Cardinals' |
football movies chairman, ex
plained. The film is shown at reg
ular speed hut will he slowed
down for key plays.
Movies of last Saturday's Stan- I
ford victory over USC will he |
shown tonight at 7:15 in Memo- j
rial Hall, and at X:3O in Cubhcr
ley Auditorium.
A sound track accompanies the
film. The time and inconvenience
involved makes it impossible for
the coaching staff to na'rrate per
sonally, Skip Irving. Cardinals' |
football movies chairman, ex
plained. The film is shown at reg
ular speed hut will he slowed
down for key plays.
Movies of last Saturday's Stan- I
ford victory over USC will he |
shown tonight at 7:15 in Memo- j
rial Hall, and at X:3O in Cubhcr
ley Auditorium.
A sound track accompanies the
film. The time and inconvenience
involved makes it impossible for
the coaching staff to na'rrate per
sonally, Skip Irving. Cardinals' |
football movies chairman, ex
plained. The film is shown at reg
ular speed hut will he slowed
down for key plays.
Movies of last Saturday's Stan- I
ford victory over USC will he |
shown tonight at 7:15 in Memo- j
rial Hall, and at X:3O in Cubhcr
ley Auditorium.
A sound track accompanies the
film. The time and inconvenience
involved makes it impossible for
the coaching staff to na'rrate per
sonally, Skip Irving. Cardinals' |
football movies chairman, ex
plained. The film is shown at reg
ular speed hut will he slowed
down for key plays.
Movies of last Saturday's Stan- I
ford victory over USC will he |
shown tonight at 7:15 in Memo- j
rial Hall, and at X:3O in Cubhcr
ley Auditorium.
A sound track accompanies the
film. The time and inconvenience
involved makes it impossible for
the coaching staff to na'rrate per
sonally, Skip Irving. Cardinals' |
football movies chairman, ex
plained. The film is shown at reg
ular speed hut will he slowed
down for key plays.
Movies of last Saturday's Stan- I
ford victory over USC will he |
shown tonight at 7:15 in Memo- j
rial Hall, and at X:3O in Cubhcr
ley Auditorium.
A sound track accompanies the
film. The time and inconvenience
involved makes it impossible for
the coaching staff to na'rrate per
sonally, Skip Irving. Cardinals' |
football movies chairman, ex
plained. The film is shown at reg
ular speed hut will he slowed
down for key plays.
Movies of last Saturday's Stan- I
ford victory over USC will he |
shown tonight at 7:15 in Memo- j
rial Hall, and at X:3O in Cubhcr
ley Auditorium.
A sound track accompanies the
film. The time and inconvenience
involved makes it impossible for
the coaching staff to na'rrate per
sonally, Skip Irving. Cardinals' |
football movies chairman, ex
plained. The film is shown at reg
ular speed hut will he slowed
down for key plays.
