# Quads
## 
### 
Chris Mason Bradley, 'V) 1 .), left
the University today for Sun.Fran
cisco.
—Miss Anna Rohler, 'I)6,ie visit
ing Miss Schallenherger un t li
campus.
—Roberts, 'Di), will probably at
tend the Univer.Mty of Missouri
next year.
Professor Parsons will preach
in Ail Saints Church, I'alo Alto,
next Sunday morning.
— .J. T. Nourse, '00. leaves to
morrow morning to join the Santa
Ana company of the California
National < 1 uard.
The Freshman track team ' 'ft
today on the 3:11 train for lleno,
Nevada, where they meet the I ni
versity of Nevada athletes tomor
row.
—Erie Veuve, 91), left the Uni
versity today for San Francisco to
take the examination fora cadet
ship in the U.S. revenue cutter
service.
— A male quartette will sing at
the chapel services Sunday, find
Uudyard Kipling's u lit ct>Hona i
Hymn," mn-ic. I»y Reginald de
Koven, will be given by Mr. IMulip
Abbott and a mixed quartette.
Chris Mason Bradley, 'V) 1 .), left
the University today for Sun.Fran
cisco.
—Miss Anna Rohler, 'I)6,ie visit
ing Miss Schallenherger un t li
campus.
—Roberts, 'Di), will probably at
tend the Univer.Mty of Missouri
next year.
Professor Parsons will preach
in Ail Saints Church, I'alo Alto,
next Sunday morning.
— .J. T. Nourse, '00. leaves to
morrow morning to join the Santa
Ana company of the California
National < 1 uard.
The Freshman track team ' 'ft
today on the 3:11 train for lleno,
Nevada, where they meet the I ni
versity of Nevada athletes tomor
row.
—Erie Veuve, 91), left the Uni
versity today for San Francisco to
take the examination fora cadet
ship in the U.S. revenue cutter
service.
— A male quartette will sing at
the chapel services Sunday, find
Uudyard Kipling's u lit ct>Hona i
Hymn," mn-ic. I»y Reginald de
Koven, will be given by Mr. IMulip
Abbott and a mixed quartette.
Chris Mason Bradley, 'V) 1 .), left
the University today for Sun.Fran
cisco.
—Miss Anna Rohler, 'I)6,ie visit
ing Miss Schallenherger un t li
campus.
—Roberts, 'Di), will probably at
tend the Univer.Mty of Missouri
next year.
Professor Parsons will preach
in Ail Saints Church, I'alo Alto,
next Sunday morning.
— .J. T. Nourse, '00. leaves to
morrow morning to join the Santa
Ana company of the California
National < 1 uard.
The Freshman track team ' 'ft
today on the 3:11 train for lleno,
Nevada, where they meet the I ni
versity of Nevada athletes tomor
row.
—Erie Veuve, 91), left the Uni
versity today for San Francisco to
take the examination fora cadet
ship in the U.S. revenue cutter
service.
— A male quartette will sing at
the chapel services Sunday, find
Uudyard Kipling's u lit ct>Hona i
Hymn," mn-ic. I»y Reginald de
Koven, will be given by Mr. IMulip
Abbott and a mixed quartette.
Chris Mason Bradley, 'V) 1 .), left
the University today for Sun.Fran
cisco.
—Miss Anna Rohler, 'I)6,ie visit
ing Miss Schallenherger un t li
campus.
—Roberts, 'Di), will probably at
tend the Univer.Mty of Missouri
next year.
Professor Parsons will preach
in Ail Saints Church, I'alo Alto,
next Sunday morning.
— .J. T. Nourse, '00. leaves to
morrow morning to join the Santa
Ana company of the California
National < 1 uard.
The Freshman track team ' 'ft
today on the 3:11 train for lleno,
Nevada, where they meet the I ni
versity of Nevada athletes tomor
row.
—Erie Veuve, 91), left the Uni
versity today for San Francisco to
take the examination fora cadet
ship in the U.S. revenue cutter
service.
— A male quartette will sing at
the chapel services Sunday, find
Uudyard Kipling's u lit ct>Hona i
Hymn," mn-ic. I»y Reginald de
Koven, will be given by Mr. IMulip
Abbott and a mixed quartette.
Chris Mason Bradley, 'V) 1 .), left
the University today for Sun.Fran
cisco.
—Miss Anna Rohler, 'I)6,ie visit
ing Miss Schallenherger un t li
campus.
—Roberts, 'Di), will probably at
tend the Univer.Mty of Missouri
next year.
Professor Parsons will preach
in Ail Saints Church, I'alo Alto,
next Sunday morning.
— .J. T. Nourse, '00. leaves to
morrow morning to join the Santa
Ana company of the California
National < 1 uard.
The Freshman track team ' 'ft
today on the 3:11 train for lleno,
Nevada, where they meet the I ni
versity of Nevada athletes tomor
row.
—Erie Veuve, 91), left the Uni
versity today for San Francisco to
take the examination fora cadet
ship in the U.S. revenue cutter
service.
— A male quartette will sing at
the chapel services Sunday, find
Uudyard Kipling's u lit ct>Hona i
Hymn," mn-ic. I»y Reginald de
Koven, will be given by Mr. IMulip
Abbott and a mixed quartette.
