# Will Not Row Abroad.
## 
### 
Pennsylvania will not row abroad
next year, in discussing the situa
tion, the Daily Pennsylmnian says:
"In addition to the expense, which
necessarily is very great and al
most impossible for the athletic
association to meet, there is also
the consideration that the varsity
crew will have to represent the
university, for the crew owes it to
itself as well as to Cornell, George
town, and Wisconsin to enter in
the race for the American cham
pionship."
Pennsylvania will not row abroad
next year, in discussing the situa
tion, the Daily Pennsylmnian says:
"In addition to the expense, which
necessarily is very great and al
most impossible for the athletic
association to meet, there is also
the consideration that the varsity
crew will have to represent the
university, for the crew owes it to
itself as well as to Cornell, George
town, and Wisconsin to enter in
the race for the American cham
pionship."
Pennsylvania will not row abroad
next year, in discussing the situa
tion, the Daily Pennsylmnian says:
"In addition to the expense, which
necessarily is very great and al
most impossible for the athletic
association to meet, there is also
the consideration that the varsity
crew will have to represent the
university, for the crew owes it to
itself as well as to Cornell, George
town, and Wisconsin to enter in
the race for the American cham
pionship."
Pennsylvania will not row abroad
next year, in discussing the situa
tion, the Daily Pennsylmnian says:
"In addition to the expense, which
necessarily is very great and al
most impossible for the athletic
association to meet, there is also
the consideration that the varsity
crew will have to represent the
university, for the crew owes it to
itself as well as to Cornell, George
town, and Wisconsin to enter in
the race for the American cham
pionship."
Pennsylvania will not row abroad
next year, in discussing the situa
tion, the Daily Pennsylmnian says:
"In addition to the expense, which
necessarily is very great and al
most impossible for the athletic
association to meet, there is also
the consideration that the varsity
crew will have to represent the
university, for the crew owes it to
itself as well as to Cornell, George
town, and Wisconsin to enter in
the race for the American cham
pionship."
Pennsylvania will not row abroad
next year, in discussing the situa
tion, the Daily Pennsylmnian says:
"In addition to the expense, which
necessarily is very great and al
most impossible for the athletic
association to meet, there is also
the consideration that the varsity
crew will have to represent the
university, for the crew owes it to
itself as well as to Cornell, George
town, and Wisconsin to enter in
the race for the American cham
pionship."
Pennsylvania will not row abroad
next year, in discussing the situa
tion, the Daily Pennsylmnian says:
"In addition to the expense, which
necessarily is very great and al
most impossible for the athletic
association to meet, there is also
the consideration that the varsity
crew will have to represent the
university, for the crew owes it to
itself as well as to Cornell, George
town, and Wisconsin to enter in
the race for the American cham
pionship."
Pennsylvania will not row abroad
next year, in discussing the situa
tion, the Daily Pennsylmnian says:
"In addition to the expense, which
necessarily is very great and al
most impossible for the athletic
association to meet, there is also
the consideration that the varsity
crew will have to represent the
university, for the crew owes it to
itself as well as to Cornell, George
town, and Wisconsin to enter in
the race for the American cham
pionship."
