# Untitled Article
## 
### 
With reluctance we have to an
nounce the withdrawal from the
Daily I'alo Alto staff of H. M.
Lewis, '04, who finds that the Uni
versity work he wishes to do will
conflict with the time he would
otherwise give to the paper. In
recognition of his talent and untir
ing energy, Mr. Lewis has been
rapidly promoted from an assistant
to an associate, and then to news
editor, which place he now resigns.
With reluctance we have to an
nounce the withdrawal from the
Daily I'alo Alto staff of H. M.
Lewis, '04, who finds that the Uni
versity work he wishes to do will
conflict with the time he would
otherwise give to the paper. In
recognition of his talent and untir
ing energy, Mr. Lewis has been
rapidly promoted from an assistant
to an associate, and then to news
editor, which place he now resigns.
With reluctance we have to an
nounce the withdrawal from the
Daily I'alo Alto staff of H. M.
Lewis, '04, who finds that the Uni
versity work he wishes to do will
conflict with the time he would
otherwise give to the paper. In
recognition of his talent and untir
ing energy, Mr. Lewis has been
rapidly promoted from an assistant
to an associate, and then to news
editor, which place he now resigns.
With reluctance we have to an
nounce the withdrawal from the
Daily I'alo Alto staff of H. M.
Lewis, '04, who finds that the Uni
versity work he wishes to do will
conflict with the time he would
otherwise give to the paper. In
recognition of his talent and untir
ing energy, Mr. Lewis has been
rapidly promoted from an assistant
to an associate, and then to news
editor, which place he now resigns.
With reluctance we have to an
nounce the withdrawal from the
Daily I'alo Alto staff of H. M.
Lewis, '04, who finds that the Uni
versity work he wishes to do will
conflict with the time he would
otherwise give to the paper. In
recognition of his talent and untir
ing energy, Mr. Lewis has been
rapidly promoted from an assistant
to an associate, and then to news
editor, which place he now resigns.
With reluctance we have to an
nounce the withdrawal from the
Daily I'alo Alto staff of H. M.
Lewis, '04, who finds that the Uni
versity work he wishes to do will
conflict with the time he would
otherwise give to the paper. In
recognition of his talent and untir
ing energy, Mr. Lewis has been
rapidly promoted from an assistant
to an associate, and then to news
editor, which place he now resigns.
With reluctance we have to an
nounce the withdrawal from the
Daily I'alo Alto staff of H. M.
Lewis, '04, who finds that the Uni
versity work he wishes to do will
conflict with the time he would
otherwise give to the paper. In
recognition of his talent and untir
ing energy, Mr. Lewis has been
rapidly promoted from an assistant
to an associate, and then to news
editor, which place he now resigns.
With reluctance we have to an
nounce the withdrawal from the
Daily I'alo Alto staff of H. M.
Lewis, '04, who finds that the Uni
versity work he wishes to do will
conflict with the time he would
otherwise give to the paper. In
recognition of his talent and untir
ing energy, Mr. Lewis has been
rapidly promoted from an assistant
to an associate, and then to news
editor, which place he now resigns.
