# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The intensity of competition for
the presidency of the Sophomore
class would lend an outsider to
think that '04 either has a super
fluity of good men and true, or
that it is a house divided against
itself. Which?
The intensity of competition for
the presidency of the Sophomore
class would lend an outsider to
think that '04 either has a super
fluity of good men and true, or
that it is a house divided against
itself. Which?
The intensity of competition for
the presidency of the Sophomore
class would lend an outsider to
think that '04 either has a super
fluity of good men and true, or
that it is a house divided against
itself. Which?
The intensity of competition for
the presidency of the Sophomore
class would lend an outsider to
think that '04 either has a super
fluity of good men and true, or
that it is a house divided against
itself. Which?
The intensity of competition for
the presidency of the Sophomore
class would lend an outsider to
think that '04 either has a super
fluity of good men and true, or
that it is a house divided against
itself. Which?
The intensity of competition for
the presidency of the Sophomore
class would lend an outsider to
think that '04 either has a super
fluity of good men and true, or
that it is a house divided against
itself. Which?
The intensity of competition for
the presidency of the Sophomore
class would lend an outsider to
think that '04 either has a super
fluity of good men and true, or
that it is a house divided against
itself. Which?
The intensity of competition for
the presidency of the Sophomore
class would lend an outsider to
think that '04 either has a super
fluity of good men and true, or
that it is a house divided against
itself. Which?
