# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Khksiimkn hoping to achieve any
thing in the debating line while at
Stanford, can not do better than re

spond to the call of the class for
candidates to take part in the try
out for places on the '05 team. The
annual contest with the Sopho
mores, preparation for which is
about to commence, has ever been
one of the most interesting events
of the year, developing the intense
rivalry necessary to healthy class
spirit, and giving the novices the
feeling of confidence which is es
sential to future success. Experi
ence has shown that the training
derived from a class debate is di
rectly evidenced in the subsequent
work of the participants. The
present Carnot team, for example,
is composed of two men who began
their college debating career by ap
pearing on their freshman teams
against the sophomores, and a
third who was alternate on two
class teams. In view of these facts,
it would seem to behoove every '05
student who cares for debating to
hand his or her name to the com
mittee at once. The announce
ment is found in another column.
