# Subject Chosen for Bonnheim Essays.
## 
### 
The Bonnhelm Dissertation which is
conducted annually will this year he
ui)on the subject "Moral Aspects of
Public versus Private Control of Pub
lic Utilities." Prizes are offered both
for manuscripts and for public discus
sion. Five prizes of $25 each will be
offered for the best manuscripts and
one prize of $125 for the public dis
cussion. All manuscripts will he due
October 25 and the public discussion
will be held December 3 of this year.
The Bonnhelm Dissertation which is
conducted annually will this year he
ui)on the subject "Moral Aspects of
Public versus Private Control of Pub
lic Utilities." Prizes are offered both
for manuscripts and for public discus
sion. Five prizes of $25 each will be
offered for the best manuscripts and
one prize of $125 for the public dis
cussion. All manuscripts will he due
October 25 and the public discussion
will be held December 3 of this year.
The Bonnhelm Dissertation which is
conducted annually will this year he
ui)on the subject "Moral Aspects of
Public versus Private Control of Pub
lic Utilities." Prizes are offered both
for manuscripts and for public discus
sion. Five prizes of $25 each will be
offered for the best manuscripts and
one prize of $125 for the public dis
cussion. All manuscripts will he due
October 25 and the public discussion
will be held December 3 of this year.
The Bonnhelm Dissertation which is
conducted annually will this year he
ui)on the subject "Moral Aspects of
Public versus Private Control of Pub
lic Utilities." Prizes are offered both
for manuscripts and for public discus
sion. Five prizes of $25 each will be
offered for the best manuscripts and
one prize of $125 for the public dis
cussion. All manuscripts will he due
October 25 and the public discussion
will be held December 3 of this year.
The Bonnhelm Dissertation which is
conducted annually will this year he
ui)on the subject "Moral Aspects of
Public versus Private Control of Pub
lic Utilities." Prizes are offered both
for manuscripts and for public discus
sion. Five prizes of $25 each will be
offered for the best manuscripts and
one prize of $125 for the public dis
cussion. All manuscripts will he due
October 25 and the public discussion
will be held December 3 of this year.
The Bonnhelm Dissertation which is
conducted annually will this year he
ui)on the subject "Moral Aspects of
Public versus Private Control of Pub
lic Utilities." Prizes are offered both
for manuscripts and for public discus
sion. Five prizes of $25 each will be
offered for the best manuscripts and
one prize of $125 for the public dis
cussion. All manuscripts will he due
October 25 and the public discussion
will be held December 3 of this year.
The Bonnhelm Dissertation which is
conducted annually will this year he
ui)on the subject "Moral Aspects of
Public versus Private Control of Pub
lic Utilities." Prizes are offered both
for manuscripts and for public discus
sion. Five prizes of $25 each will be
offered for the best manuscripts and
one prize of $125 for the public dis
cussion. All manuscripts will he due
October 25 and the public discussion
will be held December 3 of this year.
The Bonnhelm Dissertation which is
conducted annually will this year he
ui)on the subject "Moral Aspects of
Public versus Private Control of Pub
lic Utilities." Prizes are offered both
for manuscripts and for public discus
sion. Five prizes of $25 each will be
offered for the best manuscripts and
one prize of $125 for the public dis
cussion. All manuscripts will he due
October 25 and the public discussion
will be held December 3 of this year.
The Bonnhelm Dissertation which is
conducted annually will this year he
ui)on the subject "Moral Aspects of
Public versus Private Control of Pub
lic Utilities." Prizes are offered both
for manuscripts and for public discus
sion. Five prizes of $25 each will be
offered for the best manuscripts and
one prize of $125 for the public dis
cussion. All manuscripts will he due
October 25 and the public discussion
will be held December 3 of this year.
The Bonnhelm Dissertation which is
conducted annually will this year he
ui)on the subject "Moral Aspects of
Public versus Private Control of Pub
lic Utilities." Prizes are offered both
for manuscripts and for public discus
sion. Five prizes of $25 each will be
offered for the best manuscripts and
one prize of $125 for the public dis
cussion. All manuscripts will he due
October 25 and the public discussion
will be held December 3 of this year.
