# Mitchell and Reynolds Improving.
## 
### 
M. E. Mitchell, '11, and J. L. Rey
nolds, '12, the two students who met
with the unfortunate automobile ac
cident Saturday evening, are greatly
improved and on a good road to re
covery. When last heard from, late
this afternoon, both patients were re
ported as resting easier. Mitchell has
recovered consciousness and Reynolds
is able to receive visitors.
M. E. Mitchell, '11, and J. L. Rey
nolds, '12, the two students who met
with the unfortunate automobile ac
cident Saturday evening, are greatly
improved and on a good road to re
covery. When last heard from, late
this afternoon, both patients were re
ported as resting easier. Mitchell has
recovered consciousness and Reynolds
is able to receive visitors.
M. E. Mitchell, '11, and J. L. Rey
nolds, '12, the two students who met
with the unfortunate automobile ac
cident Saturday evening, are greatly
improved and on a good road to re
covery. When last heard from, late
this afternoon, both patients were re
ported as resting easier. Mitchell has
recovered consciousness and Reynolds
is able to receive visitors.
M. E. Mitchell, '11, and J. L. Rey
nolds, '12, the two students who met
with the unfortunate automobile ac
cident Saturday evening, are greatly
improved and on a good road to re
covery. When last heard from, late
this afternoon, both patients were re
ported as resting easier. Mitchell has
recovered consciousness and Reynolds
is able to receive visitors.
M. E. Mitchell, '11, and J. L. Rey
nolds, '12, the two students who met
with the unfortunate automobile ac
cident Saturday evening, are greatly
improved and on a good road to re
covery. When last heard from, late
this afternoon, both patients were re
ported as resting easier. Mitchell has
recovered consciousness and Reynolds
is able to receive visitors.
M. E. Mitchell, '11, and J. L. Rey
nolds, '12, the two students who met
with the unfortunate automobile ac
cident Saturday evening, are greatly
improved and on a good road to re
covery. When last heard from, late
this afternoon, both patients were re
ported as resting easier. Mitchell has
recovered consciousness and Reynolds
is able to receive visitors.
M. E. Mitchell, '11, and J. L. Rey
nolds, '12, the two students who met
with the unfortunate automobile ac
cident Saturday evening, are greatly
improved and on a good road to re
covery. When last heard from, late
this afternoon, both patients were re
ported as resting easier. Mitchell has
recovered consciousness and Reynolds
is able to receive visitors.
M. E. Mitchell, '11, and J. L. Rey
nolds, '12, the two students who met
with the unfortunate automobile ac
cident Saturday evening, are greatly
improved and on a good road to re
covery. When last heard from, late
this afternoon, both patients were re
ported as resting easier. Mitchell has
recovered consciousness and Reynolds
is able to receive visitors.
M. E. Mitchell, '11, and J. L. Rey
nolds, '12, the two students who met
with the unfortunate automobile ac
cident Saturday evening, are greatly
improved and on a good road to re
covery. When last heard from, late
this afternoon, both patients were re
ported as resting easier. Mitchell has
recovered consciousness and Reynolds
is able to receive visitors.
M. E. Mitchell, '11, and J. L. Rey
nolds, '12, the two students who met
with the unfortunate automobile ac
cident Saturday evening, are greatly
improved and on a good road to re
covery. When last heard from, late
this afternoon, both patients were re
ported as resting easier. Mitchell has
recovered consciousness and Reynolds
is able to receive visitors.
