# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
UNITED AIR LINES
offers its Stewardesses an opportunity to travel,
visit beautiful cities and meet interesting peo
ple. You may get information through the Place
ment Office or any United Air Lines Office.
UNITED AIR LINES
offers its Stewardesses an opportunity to travel,
visit beautiful cities and meet interesting peo
ple. You may get information through the Place
ment Office or any United Air Lines Office.
UNITED AIR LINES
offers its Stewardesses an opportunity to travel,
visit beautiful cities and meet interesting peo
ple. You may get information through the Place
ment Office or any United Air Lines Office.
UNITED AIR LINES
offers its Stewardesses an opportunity to travel,
visit beautiful cities and meet interesting peo
ple. You may get information through the Place
ment Office or any United Air Lines Office.
UNITED AIR LINES
offers its Stewardesses an opportunity to travel,
visit beautiful cities and meet interesting peo
ple. You may get information through the Place
ment Office or any United Air Lines Office.
UNITED AIR LINES
offers its Stewardesses an opportunity to travel,
visit beautiful cities and meet interesting peo
ple. You may get information through the Place
ment Office or any United Air Lines Office.
UNITED AIR LINES
offers its Stewardesses an opportunity to travel,
visit beautiful cities and meet interesting peo
ple. You may get information through the Place
ment Office or any United Air Lines Office.
UNITED AIR LINES
offers its Stewardesses an opportunity to travel,
visit beautiful cities and meet interesting peo
ple. You may get information through the Place
ment Office or any United Air Lines Office.
UNITED AIR LINES
offers its Stewardesses an opportunity to travel,
visit beautiful cities and meet interesting peo
ple. You may get information through the Place
ment Office or any United Air Lines Office.
UNITED AIR LINES
offers its Stewardesses an opportunity to travel,
visit beautiful cities and meet interesting peo
ple. You may get information through the Place
ment Office or any United Air Lines Office.
UNITED AIR LINES
offers its Stewardesses an opportunity to travel,
visit beautiful cities and meet interesting peo
ple. You may get information through the Place
ment Office or any United Air Lines Office.
UNITED AIR LINES
offers its Stewardesses an opportunity to travel,
visit beautiful cities and meet interesting peo
ple. You may get information through the Place
ment Office or any United Air Lines Office.
UNITED AIR LINES
offers its Stewardesses an opportunity to travel,
visit beautiful cities and meet interesting peo
ple. You may get information through the Place
ment Office or any United Air Lines Office.
UNITED AIR LINES
offers its Stewardesses an opportunity to travel,
visit beautiful cities and meet interesting peo
ple. You may get information through the Place
ment Office or any United Air Lines Office.
UNITED AIR LINES
offers its Stewardesses an opportunity to travel,
visit beautiful cities and meet interesting peo
ple. You may get information through the Place
ment Office or any United Air Lines Office.
UNITED AIR LINES
offers its Stewardesses an opportunity to travel,
visit beautiful cities and meet interesting peo
ple. You may get information through the Place
ment Office or any United Air Lines Office.
UNITED AIR LINES
offers its Stewardesses an opportunity to travel,
visit beautiful cities and meet interesting peo
ple. You may get information through the Place
ment Office or any United Air Lines Office.
