# CROTHERS OFFICERS
## 
### 
Dick Leavitt, president; Dan
Mack, vice-president; Doug Fen
dler, social chairman; Ronald Bo
naparte, secretary-treasurer; Jer
ry Hamburg, athletic chairman.
Dick Leavitt, president; Dan
Mack, vice-president; Doug Fen
dler, social chairman; Ronald Bo
naparte, secretary-treasurer; Jer
ry Hamburg, athletic chairman.
Dick Leavitt, president; Dan
Mack, vice-president; Doug Fen
dler, social chairman; Ronald Bo
naparte, secretary-treasurer; Jer
ry Hamburg, athletic chairman.
Dick Leavitt, president; Dan
Mack, vice-president; Doug Fen
dler, social chairman; Ronald Bo
naparte, secretary-treasurer; Jer
ry Hamburg, athletic chairman.
Dick Leavitt, president; Dan
Mack, vice-president; Doug Fen
dler, social chairman; Ronald Bo
naparte, secretary-treasurer; Jer
ry Hamburg, athletic chairman.
Dick Leavitt, president; Dan
Mack, vice-president; Doug Fen
dler, social chairman; Ronald Bo
naparte, secretary-treasurer; Jer
ry Hamburg, athletic chairman.
Dick Leavitt, president; Dan
Mack, vice-president; Doug Fen
dler, social chairman; Ronald Bo
naparte, secretary-treasurer; Jer
ry Hamburg, athletic chairman.
Dick Leavitt, president; Dan
Mack, vice-president; Doug Fen
dler, social chairman; Ronald Bo
naparte, secretary-treasurer; Jer
ry Hamburg, athletic chairman.
Dick Leavitt, president; Dan
Mack, vice-president; Doug Fen
dler, social chairman; Ronald Bo
naparte, secretary-treasurer; Jer
ry Hamburg, athletic chairman.
Dick Leavitt, president; Dan
Mack, vice-president; Doug Fen
dler, social chairman; Ronald Bo
naparte, secretary-treasurer; Jer
ry Hamburg, athletic chairman.
Dick Leavitt, president; Dan
Mack, vice-president; Doug Fen
dler, social chairman; Ronald Bo
naparte, secretary-treasurer; Jer
ry Hamburg, athletic chairman.
Dick Leavitt, president; Dan
Mack, vice-president; Doug Fen
dler, social chairman; Ronald Bo
naparte, secretary-treasurer; Jer
ry Hamburg, athletic chairman.
Dick Leavitt, president; Dan
Mack, vice-president; Doug Fen
dler, social chairman; Ronald Bo
naparte, secretary-treasurer; Jer
ry Hamburg, athletic chairman.
Dick Leavitt, president; Dan
Mack, vice-president; Doug Fen
dler, social chairman; Ronald Bo
naparte, secretary-treasurer; Jer
ry Hamburg, athletic chairman.
Dick Leavitt, president; Dan
Mack, vice-president; Doug Fen
dler, social chairman; Ronald Bo
naparte, secretary-treasurer; Jer
ry Hamburg, athletic chairman.
Dick Leavitt, president; Dan
Mack, vice-president; Doug Fen
dler, social chairman; Ronald Bo
naparte, secretary-treasurer; Jer
ry Hamburg, athletic chairman.
Dick Leavitt, president; Dan
Mack, vice-president; Doug Fen
dler, social chairman; Ronald Bo
naparte, secretary-treasurer; Jer
ry Hamburg, athletic chairman.
