# Mademoiselle Art Contest Begins
## 
### 
Mademoiselle's fifth art contest
is now under way.
The two winners will interpret
the two winning stories in the
magazine's 1959 college fiction
contest and will receive $500 each
for publication of their work. The
closest runners-up will receive
honorable mention, and their en
tries will be kept on file for pos
sible future commissions by Ma
demoiselle.
Mademoiselle's fifth art contest
is now under way.
The two winners will interpret
the two winning stories in the
magazine's 1959 college fiction
contest and will receive $500 each
for publication of their work. The
closest runners-up will receive
honorable mention, and their en
tries will be kept on file for pos
sible future commissions by Ma
demoiselle.
Mademoiselle's fifth art contest
is now under way.
The two winners will interpret
the two winning stories in the
magazine's 1959 college fiction
contest and will receive $500 each
for publication of their work. The
closest runners-up will receive
honorable mention, and their en
tries will be kept on file for pos
sible future commissions by Ma
demoiselle.
Mademoiselle's fifth art contest
is now under way.
The two winners will interpret
the two winning stories in the
magazine's 1959 college fiction
contest and will receive $500 each
for publication of their work. The
closest runners-up will receive
honorable mention, and their en
tries will be kept on file for pos
sible future commissions by Ma
demoiselle.
Mademoiselle's fifth art contest
is now under way.
The two winners will interpret
the two winning stories in the
magazine's 1959 college fiction
contest and will receive $500 each
for publication of their work. The
closest runners-up will receive
honorable mention, and their en
tries will be kept on file for pos
sible future commissions by Ma
demoiselle.
Mademoiselle's fifth art contest
is now under way.
The two winners will interpret
the two winning stories in the
magazine's 1959 college fiction
contest and will receive $500 each
for publication of their work. The
closest runners-up will receive
honorable mention, and their en
tries will be kept on file for pos
sible future commissions by Ma
demoiselle.
Mademoiselle's fifth art contest
is now under way.
The two winners will interpret
the two winning stories in the
magazine's 1959 college fiction
contest and will receive $500 each
for publication of their work. The
closest runners-up will receive
honorable mention, and their en
tries will be kept on file for pos
sible future commissions by Ma
demoiselle.
Mademoiselle's fifth art contest
is now under way.
The two winners will interpret
the two winning stories in the
magazine's 1959 college fiction
contest and will receive $500 each
for publication of their work. The
closest runners-up will receive
honorable mention, and their en
tries will be kept on file for pos
sible future commissions by Ma
demoiselle.
Mademoiselle's fifth art contest
is now under way.
The two winners will interpret
the two winning stories in the
magazine's 1959 college fiction
contest and will receive $500 each
for publication of their work. The
closest runners-up will receive
honorable mention, and their en
tries will be kept on file for pos
sible future commissions by Ma
demoiselle.
Mademoiselle's fifth art contest
is now under way.
The two winners will interpret
the two winning stories in the
magazine's 1959 college fiction
contest and will receive $500 each
for publication of their work. The
closest runners-up will receive
honorable mention, and their en
tries will be kept on file for pos
sible future commissions by Ma
demoiselle.
Mademoiselle's fifth art contest
is now under way.
The two winners will interpret
the two winning stories in the
magazine's 1959 college fiction
contest and will receive $500 each
for publication of their work. The
closest runners-up will receive
honorable mention, and their en
tries will be kept on file for pos
sible future commissions by Ma
demoiselle.
Mademoiselle's fifth art contest
is now under way.
The two winners will interpret
the two winning stories in the
magazine's 1959 college fiction
contest and will receive $500 each
for publication of their work. The
closest runners-up will receive
honorable mention, and their en
tries will be kept on file for pos
sible future commissions by Ma
demoiselle.
Mademoiselle's fifth art contest
is now under way.
The two winners will interpret
the two winning stories in the
magazine's 1959 college fiction
contest and will receive $500 each
for publication of their work. The
closest runners-up will receive
honorable mention, and their en
tries will be kept on file for pos
sible future commissions by Ma
demoiselle.
Mademoiselle's fifth art contest
is now under way.
The two winners will interpret
the two winning stories in the
magazine's 1959 college fiction
contest and will receive $500 each
for publication of their work. The
closest runners-up will receive
honorable mention, and their en
tries will be kept on file for pos
sible future commissions by Ma
demoiselle.
Mademoiselle's fifth art contest
is now under way.
The two winners will interpret
the two winning stories in the
magazine's 1959 college fiction
contest and will receive $500 each
for publication of their work. The
closest runners-up will receive
honorable mention, and their en
tries will be kept on file for pos
sible future commissions by Ma
demoiselle.
Mademoiselle's fifth art contest
is now under way.
The two winners will interpret
the two winning stories in the
magazine's 1959 college fiction
contest and will receive $500 each
for publication of their work. The
closest runners-up will receive
honorable mention, and their en
tries will be kept on file for pos
sible future commissions by Ma
demoiselle.
Mademoiselle's fifth art contest
is now under way.
The two winners will interpret
the two winning stories in the
magazine's 1959 college fiction
contest and will receive $500 each
for publication of their work. The
closest runners-up will receive
honorable mention, and their en
tries will be kept on file for pos
sible future commissions by Ma
demoiselle.
