# Adv. 39 Page 11
## 
### 
SUMMER JOBS
SUMMER CONFERENCE SERVICES
Work and live on-campus this
summer and gain valuable work
experience. Training available
for all positions.
Meet people from around the
world who are visiting Stanford
to attend academic workshops,
sports camps, or professional
conferences.
The following full and part-time
positions are available:
Summer Office Managers- FT
Summer Office Asst. Managers- FT
Summer Financial Assistant- FT
Summer Conference Associate- FT
Summer Resident Assistants- PT
Summer Conference Assistants- PT
Application deadlines for the
various positions vary from:
April 12, 2002 - April 24, 2002
For details, review job
descriptions:
Pii t itf/A'iWAVJWftnu*]» KnAKv. W 'l'i i Lll
or call 650-723-3126.
Applications and job
descriptions available at 123
Encina Commons, M-F, 8:00am-5pm
SUMMER JOBS
SUMMER CONFERENCE SERVICES
Work and live on-campus this
summer and gain valuable work
experience. Training available
for all positions.
Meet people from around the
world who are visiting Stanford
to attend academic workshops,
sports camps, or professional
conferences.
The following full and part-time
positions are available:
Summer Office Managers- FT
Summer Office Asst. Managers- FT
Summer Financial Assistant- FT
Summer Conference Associate- FT
Summer Resident Assistants- PT
Summer Conference Assistants- PT
Application deadlines for the
various positions vary from:
April 12, 2002 - April 24, 2002
For details, review job
descriptions:
Pii t itf/A'iWAVJWftnu*]» KnAKv. W 'l'i i Lll
or call 650-723-3126.
Applications and job
descriptions available at 123
Encina Commons, M-F, 8:00am-5pm
SUMMER JOBS
SUMMER CONFERENCE SERVICES
Work and live on-campus this
summer and gain valuable work
experience. Training available
for all positions.
Meet people from around the
world who are visiting Stanford
to attend academic workshops,
sports camps, or professional
conferences.
The following full and part-time
positions are available:
Summer Office Managers- FT
Summer Office Asst. Managers- FT
Summer Financial Assistant- FT
Summer Conference Associate- FT
Summer Resident Assistants- PT
Summer Conference Assistants- PT
Application deadlines for the
various positions vary from:
April 12, 2002 - April 24, 2002
For details, review job
descriptions:
Pii t itf/A'iWAVJWftnu*]» KnAKv. W 'l'i i Lll
or call 650-723-3126.
Applications and job
descriptions available at 123
Encina Commons, M-F, 8:00am-5pm
SUMMER JOBS
SUMMER CONFERENCE SERVICES
Work and live on-campus this
summer and gain valuable work
experience. Training available
for all positions.
Meet people from around the
world who are visiting Stanford
to attend academic workshops,
sports camps, or professional
conferences.
The following full and part-time
positions are available:
Summer Office Managers- FT
Summer Office Asst. Managers- FT
Summer Financial Assistant- FT
Summer Conference Associate- FT
Summer Resident Assistants- PT
Summer Conference Assistants- PT
Application deadlines for the
various positions vary from:
April 12, 2002 - April 24, 2002
For details, review job
descriptions:
Pii t itf/A'iWAVJWftnu*]» KnAKv. W 'l'i i Lll
or call 650-723-3126.
Applications and job
descriptions available at 123
Encina Commons, M-F, 8:00am-5pm
SUMMER JOBS
SUMMER CONFERENCE SERVICES
Work and live on-campus this
summer and gain valuable work
experience. Training available
for all positions.
Meet people from around the
world who are visiting Stanford
to attend academic workshops,
sports camps, or professional
conferences.
The following full and part-time
positions are available:
Summer Office Managers- FT
Summer Office Asst. Managers- FT
Summer Financial Assistant- FT
Summer Conference Associate- FT
Summer Resident Assistants- PT
Summer Conference Assistants- PT
Application deadlines for the
various positions vary from:
April 12, 2002 - April 24, 2002
For details, review job
descriptions:
Pii t itf/A'iWAVJWftnu*]» KnAKv. W 'l'i i Lll
or call 650-723-3126.
Applications and job
descriptions available at 123
Encina Commons, M-F, 8:00am-5pm
SUMMER JOBS
SUMMER CONFERENCE SERVICES
Work and live on-campus this
summer and gain valuable work
experience. Training available
for all positions.
Meet people from around the
world who are visiting Stanford
to attend academic workshops,
sports camps, or professional
conferences.
The following full and part-time
positions are available:
Summer Office Managers- FT
Summer Office Asst. Managers- FT
Summer Financial Assistant- FT
Summer Conference Associate- FT
Summer Resident Assistants- PT
Summer Conference Assistants- PT
Application deadlines for the
various positions vary from:
April 12, 2002 - April 24, 2002
For details, review job
descriptions:
Pii t itf/A'iWAVJWftnu*]» KnAKv. W 'l'i i Lll
or call 650-723-3126.
Applications and job
descriptions available at 123
Encina Commons, M-F, 8:00am-5pm
SUMMER JOBS
SUMMER CONFERENCE SERVICES
Work and live on-campus this
summer and gain valuable work
experience. Training available
for all positions.
Meet people from around the
world who are visiting Stanford
to attend academic workshops,
sports camps, or professional
conferences.
The following full and part-time
positions are available:
Summer Office Managers- FT
Summer Office Asst. Managers- FT
Summer Financial Assistant- FT
Summer Conference Associate- FT
Summer Resident Assistants- PT
Summer Conference Assistants- PT
Application deadlines for the
various positions vary from:
April 12, 2002 - April 24, 2002
For details, review job
descriptions:
Pii t itf/A'iWAVJWftnu*]» KnAKv. W 'l'i i Lll
or call 650-723-3126.
Applications and job
descriptions available at 123
Encina Commons, M-F, 8:00am-5pm
