# Untitled Article
## 
### 
LAVA FLOW
Scientists have developed
a model to determine how
lava flows down a volcano.
NEWS/3

BEATING ARIZONA
The baseball team beat
Arizona twice this weekend
in Tucson, 5-4 and 19-1.
SPORTS/8


LAVA FLOW
Scientists have developed
a model to determine how
lava flows down a volcano.
NEWS/3

BEATING ARIZONA
The baseball team beat
Arizona twice this weekend
in Tucson, 5-4 and 19-1.
SPORTS/8


LAVA FLOW
Scientists have developed
a model to determine how
lava flows down a volcano.
NEWS/3

BEATING ARIZONA
The baseball team beat
Arizona twice this weekend
in Tucson, 5-4 and 19-1.
SPORTS/8


LAVA FLOW
Scientists have developed
a model to determine how
lava flows down a volcano.
NEWS/3

BEATING ARIZONA
The baseball team beat
Arizona twice this weekend
in Tucson, 5-4 and 19-1.
SPORTS/8


LAVA FLOW
Scientists have developed
a model to determine how
lava flows down a volcano.
NEWS/3

BEATING ARIZONA
The baseball team beat
Arizona twice this weekend
in Tucson, 5-4 and 19-1.
SPORTS/8


LAVA FLOW
Scientists have developed
a model to determine how
lava flows down a volcano.
NEWS/3

BEATING ARIZONA
The baseball team beat
Arizona twice this weekend
in Tucson, 5-4 and 19-1.
SPORTS/8


LAVA FLOW
Scientists have developed
a model to determine how
lava flows down a volcano.
NEWS/3

BEATING ARIZONA
The baseball team beat
Arizona twice this weekend
in Tucson, 5-4 and 19-1.
SPORTS/8


