# $3.sMillion Grant Goes To Stanford
## 
### HAL HUGHES 
The IT. S. Office of Education
has selected the Stanford School
of Education for a $3.5 million
grant to establish a major edu
cational research center here.
Stanford will add another mil
lion dollars to the grant, which
is spread over a five-year period.
The research center will be
headquartered on Welch Road in
the Stanford Professional area
until the new facilities are com
pleted.
Logical C hoice
Stanford professors Nathaniel
Gage and Robert N. Bush will
be co-directors of the center.
Professor Gage, ifi a recent in
terview with The Daily, said
that Stanford was a logical
choice for the center instead of
a local teachers' college since
our School of Education is al
ready engaged in research work
in teaching.
An administrative board has
already been established for the
center. Headed by professors
Gage and Bush, it will contain
eight other men, only three of
whom work in the School of Ed
ucation. Dr. Paul Lawrence will
represent the State Department
of Education; Dr. Nicolaus Ana

stasiow, the Paio Alto public
schools; and Dean James W.
Brown, San Jose State Teacher's
College.
The projects for the first year
have already been chosen. Fac
ulty members will be Profs.
Dwight Allen, Edward Begle,
Norman Boyan, Lee Cronbach,
Alfred Grommon, Richard Gross,
John Krumboltz, Nathan Mac
coby, Frederick McDonald. Rob
ert Politzer, Pauline Sears,
Fannie Shaftel, and G. Wesley
Sowards.
