# Heidi Is Dead
## 
### 
Heidi, President Wallace Ster
ling's big golden retriever and
longtime campus character, died
yesterday l'rom old age. She
suffered from total paralysis
and had been placed under llic
care of a local veterinarian.
Heidi was nine years old.
Heidi, President Wallace Ster
ling's big golden retriever and
longtime campus character, died
yesterday l'rom old age. She
suffered from total paralysis
and had been placed under llic
care of a local veterinarian.
Heidi was nine years old.
Heidi, President Wallace Ster
ling's big golden retriever and
longtime campus character, died
yesterday l'rom old age. She
suffered from total paralysis
and had been placed under llic
care of a local veterinarian.
Heidi was nine years old.
Heidi, President Wallace Ster
ling's big golden retriever and
longtime campus character, died
yesterday l'rom old age. She
suffered from total paralysis
and had been placed under llic
care of a local veterinarian.
Heidi was nine years old.
Heidi, President Wallace Ster
ling's big golden retriever and
longtime campus character, died
yesterday l'rom old age. She
suffered from total paralysis
and had been placed under llic
care of a local veterinarian.
Heidi was nine years old.
Heidi, President Wallace Ster
ling's big golden retriever and
longtime campus character, died
yesterday l'rom old age. She
suffered from total paralysis
and had been placed under llic
care of a local veterinarian.
Heidi was nine years old.
Heidi, President Wallace Ster
ling's big golden retriever and
longtime campus character, died
yesterday l'rom old age. She
suffered from total paralysis
and had been placed under llic
care of a local veterinarian.
Heidi was nine years old.
Heidi, President Wallace Ster
ling's big golden retriever and
longtime campus character, died
yesterday l'rom old age. She
suffered from total paralysis
and had been placed under llic
care of a local veterinarian.
Heidi was nine years old.
Heidi, President Wallace Ster
ling's big golden retriever and
longtime campus character, died
yesterday l'rom old age. She
suffered from total paralysis
and had been placed under llic
care of a local veterinarian.
Heidi was nine years old.
Heidi, President Wallace Ster
ling's big golden retriever and
longtime campus character, died
yesterday l'rom old age. She
suffered from total paralysis
and had been placed under llic
care of a local veterinarian.
Heidi was nine years old.
Heidi, President Wallace Ster
ling's big golden retriever and
longtime campus character, died
yesterday l'rom old age. She
suffered from total paralysis
and had been placed under llic
care of a local veterinarian.
Heidi was nine years old.
Heidi, President Wallace Ster
ling's big golden retriever and
longtime campus character, died
yesterday l'rom old age. She
suffered from total paralysis
and had been placed under llic
care of a local veterinarian.
Heidi was nine years old.
Heidi, President Wallace Ster
ling's big golden retriever and
longtime campus character, died
yesterday l'rom old age. She
suffered from total paralysis
and had been placed under llic
care of a local veterinarian.
Heidi was nine years old.
Heidi, President Wallace Ster
ling's big golden retriever and
longtime campus character, died
yesterday l'rom old age. She
suffered from total paralysis
and had been placed under llic
care of a local veterinarian.
Heidi was nine years old.
Heidi, President Wallace Ster
ling's big golden retriever and
longtime campus character, died
yesterday l'rom old age. She
suffered from total paralysis
and had been placed under llic
care of a local veterinarian.
Heidi was nine years old.
Heidi, President Wallace Ster
ling's big golden retriever and
longtime campus character, died
yesterday l'rom old age. She
suffered from total paralysis
and had been placed under llic
care of a local veterinarian.
Heidi was nine years old.
