# Guerard Hails Frosh Seminars
## 
### 
Stanford's freshman seminars,
the University's first experi
ment with the untrammeled
learning experience, have been
such a success that they have
been enlarged and extended for
at least two more years, Albert
J. Guerard, professor of Eng
lish and director of the program,
announced today.
"This study program, launched
last September, has captured the
interest and challenged the
imagination of both students
and faculty," Prof. Guerard re
ported.
Offered for two consecutive
quarters—the 1965-66 program
included 38 seminars in 22
schools and departments of the
University, and enrolled 260
freshmen, about 20 per cent of
the first-year class. In addition
there was a waiting list of 200.
Close Contact and Continuity
There were many divergences
from the standard freshman cur
riculum, all of which provided
some astonishing results, Prof.
Guerard reported.
The classes were limited to
eight, which allowed the stu
dents to work more closely with
a faculty member or advanced
teaching assistant in studies
that engaged their mutual in
terests.
In addition to closer contact
with the teacher, the two-quar
ter plan made possible a con
tinuity of study not offered in
the general one-quarter course.
Voluntary Participation
"Thus students and instruc
tors, working together for ap
proximately two-thirds of an
academic year, are able to estab
lish among themselves a genuine
sense of both intellectual and so
cial community," Prof. Guerard
noted.
Participation in the seminars
was strictly voluntary. Most stu
dents were so enthusiastic and
interested that "almost all
grades were either 'A' or 'B,'"
Prof. Guerard reported. No ap
plicant was placed in a seminar
in which he didn't express an
interest.
The seminars covered the edu
cational spectrum. Some were
interdisciplinary — "The Gro
tesque in Art and Literature" or
"The Radical in History," or
"Theological Problems and the
Modern Novel."

Others involved students di
rectly in experimentation and
research in both physical and
social sciences. Two freshmen
worked in the pathology labora
tories exploring a single, un
solved contemporary problem in
disease.
Another group used the facili
ties of the Stanford Computa
tion Center to pursue original
research in computer program
ming.
Still another, working under
Prof. William Shockley, Nobel
laureate and holder of the Po
niatoff professorship in engi
neering science, learned ways to
think effectively when confront
ed by poorly defined problems,
and in addition attempted to con
struct tests which would meas
ure others' effectiveness in
problem-solving.
Psychology, Sociology Popular
Other freshmen have pursued
original work in composition in
the Music Department, or stud
ied lithography under Prof. Na
than Oliveira in the Art Depart
ment.
Very popular were studies in
the fields of psychology and so
ciology—two areas which fresh
men didn't explore while in high
school.
The 1966-67 freshman seminar
offerings will be even more
spectacular, Prof. Guerard's re
port indicated.
Foreign Language Seminar
Some noteworthy additions in
clude a seminar in speech and
drama to be led by Director Erik
Vos and Actor Jerome Raphel of
the Stanford Repertory Theater,
under which plays and acting
will be studied from the point of
view of both actor and director.
Prof. Lorenz Eitner, head of
the Department of Art and
Architecture, will teach a semi
nar on works in the Stanford
Museum collection not usually
available to first-year students.
The first foreign language
seminar will be opened to fresh
men by Instructor Herve Le
Mansec of the Department of
French and Italian, who will
teach "Time and Space in Dur
rell and Proust."
Politics and Medicine
Dr. Robert Glaser, dean of the
Stanford Medical School, and
Associate Dean Dr. Leroy Pesch
will teach a seminar in medi
cine, and Prof. John Henry Mer
ryman of the School of Law a
seminar on private property in
the United States.
Other new offerings include
studies in contemporary poli
tics, international relations,
problems of emerging nations,
additional studies in the physi
cal and social sciences, and even
two courses on the University
itself—"The University As a So
cial Institution" and"The Uni
versity As a Therapeutic Com
munity."
Stanford's freshman seminars,
the University's first experi
ment with the untrammeled
learning experience, have been
such a success that they have
been enlarged and extended for
at least two more years, Albert
J. Guerard, professor of Eng
lish and director of the program,
announced today.
"This study program, launched
last September, has captured the
interest and challenged the
imagination of both students
and faculty," Prof. Guerard re
ported.
Offered for two consecutive
quarters—the 1965-66 program
included 38 seminars in 22
schools and departments of the
University, and enrolled 260
freshmen, about 20 per cent of
the first-year class. In addition
there was a waiting list of 200.
Close Contact and Continuity
There were many divergences
from the standard freshman cur
riculum, all of which provided
some astonishing results, Prof.
Guerard reported.
The classes were limited to
eight, which allowed the stu
dents to work more closely with
a faculty member or advanced
teaching assistant in studies
that engaged their mutual in
terests.
In addition to closer contact
with the teacher, the two-quar
ter plan made possible a con
tinuity of study not offered in
the general one-quarter course.
Voluntary Participation
"Thus students and instruc
tors, working together for ap
proximately two-thirds of an
academic year, are able to estab
lish among themselves a genuine
sense of both intellectual and so
cial community," Prof. Guerard
noted.
Participation in the seminars
was strictly voluntary. Most stu
dents were so enthusiastic and
interested that "almost all
grades were either 'A' or 'B,'"
Prof. Guerard reported. No ap
plicant was placed in a seminar
in which he didn't express an
interest.
The seminars covered the edu
cational spectrum. Some were
interdisciplinary — "The Gro
tesque in Art and Literature" or
"The Radical in History," or
"Theological Problems and the
Modern Novel."

Others involved students di
rectly in experimentation and
research in both physical and
social sciences. Two freshmen
worked in the pathology labora
tories exploring a single, un
solved contemporary problem in
disease.
Another group used the facili
ties of the Stanford Computa
tion Center to pursue original
research in computer program
ming.
Still another, working under
Prof. William Shockley, Nobel
laureate and holder of the Po
niatoff professorship in engi
neering science, learned ways to
think effectively when confront
ed by poorly defined problems,
and in addition attempted to con
struct tests which would meas
ure others' effectiveness in
problem-solving.
Psychology, Sociology Popular
Other freshmen have pursued
original work in composition in
the Music Department, or stud
ied lithography under Prof. Na
than Oliveira in the Art Depart
ment.
Very popular were studies in
the fields of psychology and so
ciology—two areas which fresh
men didn't explore while in high
school.
The 1966-67 freshman seminar
offerings will be even more
spectacular, Prof. Guerard's re
port indicated.
Foreign Language Seminar
Some noteworthy additions in
clude a seminar in speech and
drama to be led by Director Erik
Vos and Actor Jerome Raphel of
the Stanford Repertory Theater,
under which plays and acting
will be studied from the point of
view of both actor and director.
Prof. Lorenz Eitner, head of
the Department of Art and
Architecture, will teach a semi
nar on works in the Stanford
Museum collection not usually
available to first-year students.
The first foreign language
seminar will be opened to fresh
men by Instructor Herve Le
Mansec of the Department of
French and Italian, who will
teach "Time and Space in Dur
rell and Proust."
Politics and Medicine
Dr. Robert Glaser, dean of the
Stanford Medical School, and
Associate Dean Dr. Leroy Pesch
will teach a seminar in medi
cine, and Prof. John Henry Mer
ryman of the School of Law a
seminar on private property in
the United States.
Other new offerings include
studies in contemporary poli
tics, international relations,
problems of emerging nations,
additional studies in the physi
cal and social sciences, and even
two courses on the University
itself—"The University As a So
cial Institution" and"The Uni
versity As a Therapeutic Com
munity."
Stanford's freshman seminars,
the University's first experi
ment with the untrammeled
learning experience, have been
such a success that they have
been enlarged and extended for
at least two more years, Albert
J. Guerard, professor of Eng
lish and director of the program,
announced today.
"This study program, launched
last September, has captured the
interest and challenged the
imagination of both students
and faculty," Prof. Guerard re
ported.
Offered for two consecutive
quarters—the 1965-66 program
included 38 seminars in 22
schools and departments of the
University, and enrolled 260
freshmen, about 20 per cent of
the first-year class. In addition
there was a waiting list of 200.
Close Contact and Continuity
There were many divergences
from the standard freshman cur
riculum, all of which provided
some astonishing results, Prof.
Guerard reported.
The classes were limited to
eight, which allowed the stu
dents to work more closely with
a faculty member or advanced
teaching assistant in studies
that engaged their mutual in
terests.
In addition to closer contact
with the teacher, the two-quar
ter plan made possible a con
tinuity of study not offered in
the general one-quarter course.
Voluntary Participation
"Thus students and instruc
tors, working together for ap
proximately two-thirds of an
academic year, are able to estab
lish among themselves a genuine
sense of both intellectual and so
cial community," Prof. Guerard
noted.
Participation in the seminars
was strictly voluntary. Most stu
dents were so enthusiastic and
interested that "almost all
grades were either 'A' or 'B,'"
Prof. Guerard reported. No ap
plicant was placed in a seminar
in which he didn't express an
interest.
The seminars covered the edu
cational spectrum. Some were
interdisciplinary — "The Gro
tesque in Art and Literature" or
"The Radical in History," or
"Theological Problems and the
Modern Novel."

Others involved students di
rectly in experimentation and
research in both physical and
social sciences. Two freshmen
worked in the pathology labora
tories exploring a single, un
solved contemporary problem in
disease.
Another group used the facili
ties of the Stanford Computa
tion Center to pursue original
research in computer program
ming.
Still another, working under
Prof. William Shockley, Nobel
laureate and holder of the Po
niatoff professorship in engi
neering science, learned ways to
think effectively when confront
ed by poorly defined problems,
and in addition attempted to con
struct tests which would meas
ure others' effectiveness in
problem-solving.
Psychology, Sociology Popular
Other freshmen have pursued
original work in composition in
the Music Department, or stud
ied lithography under Prof. Na
than Oliveira in the Art Depart
ment.
Very popular were studies in
the fields of psychology and so
ciology—two areas which fresh
men didn't explore while in high
school.
The 1966-67 freshman seminar
offerings will be even more
spectacular, Prof. Guerard's re
port indicated.
Foreign Language Seminar
Some noteworthy additions in
clude a seminar in speech and
drama to be led by Director Erik
Vos and Actor Jerome Raphel of
the Stanford Repertory Theater,
under which plays and acting
will be studied from the point of
view of both actor and director.
Prof. Lorenz Eitner, head of
the Department of Art and
Architecture, will teach a semi
nar on works in the Stanford
Museum collection not usually
available to first-year students.
The first foreign language
seminar will be opened to fresh
men by Instructor Herve Le
Mansec of the Department of
French and Italian, who will
teach "Time and Space in Dur
rell and Proust."
Politics and Medicine
Dr. Robert Glaser, dean of the
Stanford Medical School, and
Associate Dean Dr. Leroy Pesch
will teach a seminar in medi
cine, and Prof. John Henry Mer
ryman of the School of Law a
seminar on private property in
the United States.
Other new offerings include
studies in contemporary poli
tics, international relations,
problems of emerging nations,
additional studies in the physi
cal and social sciences, and even
two courses on the University
itself—"The University As a So
cial Institution" and"The Uni
versity As a Therapeutic Com
munity."
Stanford's freshman seminars,
the University's first experi
ment with the untrammeled
learning experience, have been
such a success that they have
been enlarged and extended for
at least two more years, Albert
J. Guerard, professor of Eng
lish and director of the program,
announced today.
"This study program, launched
last September, has captured the
interest and challenged the
imagination of both students
and faculty," Prof. Guerard re
ported.
Offered for two consecutive
quarters—the 1965-66 program
included 38 seminars in 22
schools and departments of the
University, and enrolled 260
freshmen, about 20 per cent of
the first-year class. In addition
there was a waiting list of 200.
Close Contact and Continuity
There were many divergences
from the standard freshman cur
riculum, all of which provided
some astonishing results, Prof.
Guerard reported.
The classes were limited to
eight, which allowed the stu
dents to work more closely with
a faculty member or advanced
teaching assistant in studies
that engaged their mutual in
terests.
In addition to closer contact
with the teacher, the two-quar
ter plan made possible a con
tinuity of study not offered in
the general one-quarter course.
Voluntary Participation
"Thus students and instruc
tors, working together for ap
proximately two-thirds of an
academic year, are able to estab
lish among themselves a genuine
sense of both intellectual and so
cial community," Prof. Guerard
noted.
Participation in the seminars
was strictly voluntary. Most stu
dents were so enthusiastic and
interested that "almost all
grades were either 'A' or 'B,'"
Prof. Guerard reported. No ap
plicant was placed in a seminar
in which he didn't express an
interest.
The seminars covered the edu
cational spectrum. Some were
interdisciplinary — "The Gro
tesque in Art and Literature" or
"The Radical in History," or
"Theological Problems and the
Modern Novel."

Others involved students di
rectly in experimentation and
research in both physical and
social sciences. Two freshmen
worked in the pathology labora
tories exploring a single, un
solved contemporary problem in
disease.
Another group used the facili
ties of the Stanford Computa
tion Center to pursue original
research in computer program
ming.
Still another, working under
Prof. William Shockley, Nobel
laureate and holder of the Po
niatoff professorship in engi
neering science, learned ways to
think effectively when confront
ed by poorly defined problems,
and in addition attempted to con
struct tests which would meas
ure others' effectiveness in
problem-solving.
Psychology, Sociology Popular
Other freshmen have pursued
original work in composition in
the Music Department, or stud
ied lithography under Prof. Na
than Oliveira in the Art Depart
ment.
Very popular were studies in
the fields of psychology and so
ciology—two areas which fresh
men didn't explore while in high
school.
The 1966-67 freshman seminar
offerings will be even more
spectacular, Prof. Guerard's re
port indicated.
Foreign Language Seminar
Some noteworthy additions in
clude a seminar in speech and
drama to be led by Director Erik
Vos and Actor Jerome Raphel of
the Stanford Repertory Theater,
under which plays and acting
will be studied from the point of
view of both actor and director.
Prof. Lorenz Eitner, head of
the Department of Art and
Architecture, will teach a semi
nar on works in the Stanford
Museum collection not usually
available to first-year students.
The first foreign language
seminar will be opened to fresh
men by Instructor Herve Le
Mansec of the Department of
French and Italian, who will
teach "Time and Space in Dur
rell and Proust."
Politics and Medicine
Dr. Robert Glaser, dean of the
Stanford Medical School, and
Associate Dean Dr. Leroy Pesch
will teach a seminar in medi
cine, and Prof. John Henry Mer
ryman of the School of Law a
seminar on private property in
the United States.
Other new offerings include
studies in contemporary poli
tics, international relations,
problems of emerging nations,
additional studies in the physi
cal and social sciences, and even
two courses on the University
itself—"The University As a So
cial Institution" and"The Uni
versity As a Therapeutic Com
munity."
Stanford's freshman seminars,
the University's first experi
ment with the untrammeled
learning experience, have been
such a success that they have
been enlarged and extended for
at least two more years, Albert
J. Guerard, professor of Eng
lish and director of the program,
announced today.
"This study program, launched
last September, has captured the
interest and challenged the
imagination of both students
and faculty," Prof. Guerard re
ported.
Offered for two consecutive
quarters—the 1965-66 program
included 38 seminars in 22
schools and departments of the
University, and enrolled 260
freshmen, about 20 per cent of
the first-year class. In addition
there was a waiting list of 200.
Close Contact and Continuity
There were many divergences
from the standard freshman cur
riculum, all of which provided
some astonishing results, Prof.
Guerard reported.
The classes were limited to
eight, which allowed the stu
dents to work more closely with
a faculty member or advanced
teaching assistant in studies
that engaged their mutual in
terests.
In addition to closer contact
with the teacher, the two-quar
ter plan made possible a con
tinuity of study not offered in
the general one-quarter course.
Voluntary Participation
"Thus students and instruc
tors, working together for ap
proximately two-thirds of an
academic year, are able to estab
lish among themselves a genuine
sense of both intellectual and so
cial community," Prof. Guerard
noted.
Participation in the seminars
was strictly voluntary. Most stu
dents were so enthusiastic and
interested that "almost all
grades were either 'A' or 'B,'"
Prof. Guerard reported. No ap
plicant was placed in a seminar
in which he didn't express an
interest.
The seminars covered the edu
cational spectrum. Some were
interdisciplinary — "The Gro
tesque in Art and Literature" or
"The Radical in History," or
"Theological Problems and the
Modern Novel."

Others involved students di
rectly in experimentation and
research in both physical and
social sciences. Two freshmen
worked in the pathology labora
tories exploring a single, un
solved contemporary problem in
disease.
Another group used the facili
ties of the Stanford Computa
tion Center to pursue original
research in computer program
ming.
Still another, working under
Prof. William Shockley, Nobel
laureate and holder of the Po
niatoff professorship in engi
neering science, learned ways to
think effectively when confront
ed by poorly defined problems,
and in addition attempted to con
struct tests which would meas
ure others' effectiveness in
problem-solving.
Psychology, Sociology Popular
Other freshmen have pursued
original work in composition in
the Music Department, or stud
ied lithography under Prof. Na
than Oliveira in the Art Depart
ment.
Very popular were studies in
the fields of psychology and so
ciology—two areas which fresh
men didn't explore while in high
school.
The 1966-67 freshman seminar
offerings will be even more
spectacular, Prof. Guerard's re
port indicated.
Foreign Language Seminar
Some noteworthy additions in
clude a seminar in speech and
drama to be led by Director Erik
Vos and Actor Jerome Raphel of
the Stanford Repertory Theater,
under which plays and acting
will be studied from the point of
view of both actor and director.
Prof. Lorenz Eitner, head of
the Department of Art and
Architecture, will teach a semi
nar on works in the Stanford
Museum collection not usually
available to first-year students.
The first foreign language
seminar will be opened to fresh
men by Instructor Herve Le
Mansec of the Department of
French and Italian, who will
teach "Time and Space in Dur
rell and Proust."
Politics and Medicine
Dr. Robert Glaser, dean of the
Stanford Medical School, and
Associate Dean Dr. Leroy Pesch
will teach a seminar in medi
cine, and Prof. John Henry Mer
ryman of the School of Law a
seminar on private property in
the United States.
Other new offerings include
studies in contemporary poli
tics, international relations,
problems of emerging nations,
additional studies in the physi
cal and social sciences, and even
two courses on the University
itself—"The University As a So
cial Institution" and"The Uni
versity As a Therapeutic Com
munity."
Stanford's freshman seminars,
the University's first experi
ment with the untrammeled
learning experience, have been
such a success that they have
been enlarged and extended for
at least two more years, Albert
J. Guerard, professor of Eng
lish and director of the program,
announced today.
"This study program, launched
last September, has captured the
interest and challenged the
imagination of both students
and faculty," Prof. Guerard re
ported.
Offered for two consecutive
quarters—the 1965-66 program
included 38 seminars in 22
schools and departments of the
University, and enrolled 260
freshmen, about 20 per cent of
the first-year class. In addition
there was a waiting list of 200.
Close Contact and Continuity
There were many divergences
from the standard freshman cur
riculum, all of which provided
some astonishing results, Prof.
Guerard reported.
The classes were limited to
eight, which allowed the stu
dents to work more closely with
a faculty member or advanced
teaching assistant in studies
that engaged their mutual in
terests.
In addition to closer contact
with the teacher, the two-quar
ter plan made possible a con
tinuity of study not offered in
the general one-quarter course.
Voluntary Participation
"Thus students and instruc
tors, working together for ap
proximately two-thirds of an
academic year, are able to estab
lish among themselves a genuine
sense of both intellectual and so
cial community," Prof. Guerard
noted.
Participation in the seminars
was strictly voluntary. Most stu
dents were so enthusiastic and
interested that "almost all
grades were either 'A' or 'B,'"
Prof. Guerard reported. No ap
plicant was placed in a seminar
in which he didn't express an
interest.
The seminars covered the edu
cational spectrum. Some were
interdisciplinary — "The Gro
tesque in Art and Literature" or
"The Radical in History," or
"Theological Problems and the
Modern Novel."

Others involved students di
rectly in experimentation and
research in both physical and
social sciences. Two freshmen
worked in the pathology labora
tories exploring a single, un
solved contemporary problem in
disease.
Another group used the facili
ties of the Stanford Computa
tion Center to pursue original
research in computer program
ming.
Still another, working under
Prof. William Shockley, Nobel
laureate and holder of the Po
niatoff professorship in engi
neering science, learned ways to
think effectively when confront
ed by poorly defined problems,
and in addition attempted to con
struct tests which would meas
ure others' effectiveness in
problem-solving.
Psychology, Sociology Popular
Other freshmen have pursued
original work in composition in
the Music Department, or stud
ied lithography under Prof. Na
than Oliveira in the Art Depart
ment.
Very popular were studies in
the fields of psychology and so
ciology—two areas which fresh
men didn't explore while in high
school.
The 1966-67 freshman seminar
offerings will be even more
spectacular, Prof. Guerard's re
port indicated.
Foreign Language Seminar
Some noteworthy additions in
clude a seminar in speech and
drama to be led by Director Erik
Vos and Actor Jerome Raphel of
the Stanford Repertory Theater,
under which plays and acting
will be studied from the point of
view of both actor and director.
Prof. Lorenz Eitner, head of
the Department of Art and
Architecture, will teach a semi
nar on works in the Stanford
Museum collection not usually
available to first-year students.
The first foreign language
seminar will be opened to fresh
men by Instructor Herve Le
Mansec of the Department of
French and Italian, who will
teach "Time and Space in Dur
rell and Proust."
Politics and Medicine
Dr. Robert Glaser, dean of the
Stanford Medical School, and
Associate Dean Dr. Leroy Pesch
will teach a seminar in medi
cine, and Prof. John Henry Mer
ryman of the School of Law a
seminar on private property in
the United States.
Other new offerings include
studies in contemporary poli
tics, international relations,
problems of emerging nations,
additional studies in the physi
cal and social sciences, and even
two courses on the University
itself—"The University As a So
cial Institution" and"The Uni
versity As a Therapeutic Com
munity."
Stanford's freshman seminars,
the University's first experi
ment with the untrammeled
learning experience, have been
such a success that they have
been enlarged and extended for
at least two more years, Albert
J. Guerard, professor of Eng
lish and director of the program,
announced today.
"This study program, launched
last September, has captured the
interest and challenged the
imagination of both students
and faculty," Prof. Guerard re
ported.
Offered for two consecutive
quarters—the 1965-66 program
included 38 seminars in 22
schools and departments of the
University, and enrolled 260
freshmen, about 20 per cent of
the first-year class. In addition
there was a waiting list of 200.
Close Contact and Continuity
There were many divergences
from the standard freshman cur
riculum, all of which provided
some astonishing results, Prof.
Guerard reported.
The classes were limited to
eight, which allowed the stu
dents to work more closely with
a faculty member or advanced
teaching assistant in studies
that engaged their mutual in
terests.
In addition to closer contact
with the teacher, the two-quar
ter plan made possible a con
tinuity of study not offered in
the general one-quarter course.
Voluntary Participation
"Thus students and instruc
tors, working together for ap
proximately two-thirds of an
academic year, are able to estab
lish among themselves a genuine
sense of both intellectual and so
cial community," Prof. Guerard
noted.
Participation in the seminars
was strictly voluntary. Most stu
dents were so enthusiastic and
interested that "almost all
grades were either 'A' or 'B,'"
Prof. Guerard reported. No ap
plicant was placed in a seminar
in which he didn't express an
interest.
The seminars covered the edu
cational spectrum. Some were
interdisciplinary — "The Gro
tesque in Art and Literature" or
"The Radical in History," or
"Theological Problems and the
Modern Novel."

Others involved students di
rectly in experimentation and
research in both physical and
social sciences. Two freshmen
worked in the pathology labora
tories exploring a single, un
solved contemporary problem in
disease.
Another group used the facili
ties of the Stanford Computa
tion Center to pursue original
research in computer program
ming.
Still another, working under
Prof. William Shockley, Nobel
laureate and holder of the Po
niatoff professorship in engi
neering science, learned ways to
think effectively when confront
ed by poorly defined problems,
and in addition attempted to con
struct tests which would meas
ure others' effectiveness in
problem-solving.
Psychology, Sociology Popular
Other freshmen have pursued
original work in composition in
the Music Department, or stud
ied lithography under Prof. Na
than Oliveira in the Art Depart
ment.
Very popular were studies in
the fields of psychology and so
ciology—two areas which fresh
men didn't explore while in high
school.
The 1966-67 freshman seminar
offerings will be even more
spectacular, Prof. Guerard's re
port indicated.
Foreign Language Seminar
Some noteworthy additions in
clude a seminar in speech and
drama to be led by Director Erik
Vos and Actor Jerome Raphel of
the Stanford Repertory Theater,
under which plays and acting
will be studied from the point of
view of both actor and director.
Prof. Lorenz Eitner, head of
the Department of Art and
Architecture, will teach a semi
nar on works in the Stanford
Museum collection not usually
available to first-year students.
The first foreign language
seminar will be opened to fresh
men by Instructor Herve Le
Mansec of the Department of
French and Italian, who will
teach "Time and Space in Dur
rell and Proust."
Politics and Medicine
Dr. Robert Glaser, dean of the
Stanford Medical School, and
Associate Dean Dr. Leroy Pesch
will teach a seminar in medi
cine, and Prof. John Henry Mer
ryman of the School of Law a
seminar on private property in
the United States.
Other new offerings include
studies in contemporary poli
tics, international relations,
problems of emerging nations,
additional studies in the physi
cal and social sciences, and even
two courses on the University
itself—"The University As a So
cial Institution" and"The Uni
versity As a Therapeutic Com
munity."
Stanford's freshman seminars,
the University's first experi
ment with the untrammeled
learning experience, have been
such a success that they have
been enlarged and extended for
at least two more years, Albert
J. Guerard, professor of Eng
lish and director of the program,
announced today.
"This study program, launched
last September, has captured the
interest and challenged the
imagination of both students
and faculty," Prof. Guerard re
ported.
Offered for two consecutive
quarters—the 1965-66 program
included 38 seminars in 22
schools and departments of the
University, and enrolled 260
freshmen, about 20 per cent of
the first-year class. In addition
there was a waiting list of 200.
Close Contact and Continuity
There were many divergences
from the standard freshman cur
riculum, all of which provided
some astonishing results, Prof.
Guerard reported.
The classes were limited to
eight, which allowed the stu
dents to work more closely with
a faculty member or advanced
teaching assistant in studies
that engaged their mutual in
terests.
In addition to closer contact
with the teacher, the two-quar
ter plan made possible a con
tinuity of study not offered in
the general one-quarter course.
Voluntary Participation
"Thus students and instruc
tors, working together for ap
proximately two-thirds of an
academic year, are able to estab
lish among themselves a genuine
sense of both intellectual and so
cial community," Prof. Guerard
noted.
Participation in the seminars
was strictly voluntary. Most stu
dents were so enthusiastic and
interested that "almost all
grades were either 'A' or 'B,'"
Prof. Guerard reported. No ap
plicant was placed in a seminar
in which he didn't express an
interest.
The seminars covered the edu
cational spectrum. Some were
interdisciplinary — "The Gro
tesque in Art and Literature" or
"The Radical in History," or
"Theological Problems and the
Modern Novel."

Others involved students di
rectly in experimentation and
research in both physical and
social sciences. Two freshmen
worked in the pathology labora
tories exploring a single, un
solved contemporary problem in
disease.
Another group used the facili
ties of the Stanford Computa
tion Center to pursue original
research in computer program
ming.
Still another, working under
Prof. William Shockley, Nobel
laureate and holder of the Po
niatoff professorship in engi
neering science, learned ways to
think effectively when confront
ed by poorly defined problems,
and in addition attempted to con
struct tests which would meas
ure others' effectiveness in
problem-solving.
Psychology, Sociology Popular
Other freshmen have pursued
original work in composition in
the Music Department, or stud
ied lithography under Prof. Na
than Oliveira in the Art Depart
ment.
Very popular were studies in
the fields of psychology and so
ciology—two areas which fresh
men didn't explore while in high
school.
The 1966-67 freshman seminar
offerings will be even more
spectacular, Prof. Guerard's re
port indicated.
Foreign Language Seminar
Some noteworthy additions in
clude a seminar in speech and
drama to be led by Director Erik
Vos and Actor Jerome Raphel of
the Stanford Repertory Theater,
under which plays and acting
will be studied from the point of
view of both actor and director.
Prof. Lorenz Eitner, head of
the Department of Art and
Architecture, will teach a semi
nar on works in the Stanford
Museum collection not usually
available to first-year students.
The first foreign language
seminar will be opened to fresh
men by Instructor Herve Le
Mansec of the Department of
French and Italian, who will
teach "Time and Space in Dur
rell and Proust."
Politics and Medicine
Dr. Robert Glaser, dean of the
Stanford Medical School, and
Associate Dean Dr. Leroy Pesch
will teach a seminar in medi
cine, and Prof. John Henry Mer
ryman of the School of Law a
seminar on private property in
the United States.
Other new offerings include
studies in contemporary poli
tics, international relations,
problems of emerging nations,
additional studies in the physi
cal and social sciences, and even
two courses on the University
itself—"The University As a So
cial Institution" and"The Uni
versity As a Therapeutic Com
munity."
Stanford's freshman seminars,
the University's first experi
ment with the untrammeled
learning experience, have been
such a success that they have
been enlarged and extended for
at least two more years, Albert
J. Guerard, professor of Eng
lish and director of the program,
announced today.
"This study program, launched
last September, has captured the
interest and challenged the
imagination of both students
and faculty," Prof. Guerard re
ported.
Offered for two consecutive
quarters—the 1965-66 program
included 38 seminars in 22
schools and departments of the
University, and enrolled 260
freshmen, about 20 per cent of
the first-year class. In addition
there was a waiting list of 200.
Close Contact and Continuity
There were many divergences
from the standard freshman cur
riculum, all of which provided
some astonishing results, Prof.
Guerard reported.
The classes were limited to
eight, which allowed the stu
dents to work more closely with
a faculty member or advanced
teaching assistant in studies
that engaged their mutual in
terests.
In addition to closer contact
with the teacher, the two-quar
ter plan made possible a con
tinuity of study not offered in
the general one-quarter course.
Voluntary Participation
"Thus students and instruc
tors, working together for ap
proximately two-thirds of an
academic year, are able to estab
lish among themselves a genuine
sense of both intellectual and so
cial community," Prof. Guerard
noted.
Participation in the seminars
was strictly voluntary. Most stu
dents were so enthusiastic and
interested that "almost all
grades were either 'A' or 'B,'"
Prof. Guerard reported. No ap
plicant was placed in a seminar
in which he didn't express an
interest.
The seminars covered the edu
cational spectrum. Some were
interdisciplinary — "The Gro
tesque in Art and Literature" or
"The Radical in History," or
"Theological Problems and the
Modern Novel."

Others involved students di
rectly in experimentation and
research in both physical and
social sciences. Two freshmen
worked in the pathology labora
tories exploring a single, un
solved contemporary problem in
disease.
Another group used the facili
ties of the Stanford Computa
tion Center to pursue original
research in computer program
ming.
Still another, working under
Prof. William Shockley, Nobel
laureate and holder of the Po
niatoff professorship in engi
neering science, learned ways to
think effectively when confront
ed by poorly defined problems,
and in addition attempted to con
struct tests which would meas
ure others' effectiveness in
problem-solving.
Psychology, Sociology Popular
Other freshmen have pursued
original work in composition in
the Music Department, or stud
ied lithography under Prof. Na
than Oliveira in the Art Depart
ment.
Very popular were studies in
the fields of psychology and so
ciology—two areas which fresh
men didn't explore while in high
school.
The 1966-67 freshman seminar
offerings will be even more
spectacular, Prof. Guerard's re
port indicated.
Foreign Language Seminar
Some noteworthy additions in
clude a seminar in speech and
drama to be led by Director Erik
Vos and Actor Jerome Raphel of
the Stanford Repertory Theater,
under which plays and acting
will be studied from the point of
view of both actor and director.
Prof. Lorenz Eitner, head of
the Department of Art and
Architecture, will teach a semi
nar on works in the Stanford
Museum collection not usually
available to first-year students.
The first foreign language
seminar will be opened to fresh
men by Instructor Herve Le
Mansec of the Department of
French and Italian, who will
teach "Time and Space in Dur
rell and Proust."
Politics and Medicine
Dr. Robert Glaser, dean of the
Stanford Medical School, and
Associate Dean Dr. Leroy Pesch
will teach a seminar in medi
cine, and Prof. John Henry Mer
ryman of the School of Law a
seminar on private property in
the United States.
Other new offerings include
studies in contemporary poli
tics, international relations,
problems of emerging nations,
additional studies in the physi
cal and social sciences, and even
two courses on the University
itself—"The University As a So
cial Institution" and"The Uni
versity As a Therapeutic Com
munity."
Stanford's freshman seminars,
the University's first experi
ment with the untrammeled
learning experience, have been
such a success that they have
been enlarged and extended for
at least two more years, Albert
J. Guerard, professor of Eng
lish and director of the program,
announced today.
"This study program, launched
last September, has captured the
interest and challenged the
imagination of both students
and faculty," Prof. Guerard re
ported.
Offered for two consecutive
quarters—the 1965-66 program
included 38 seminars in 22
schools and departments of the
University, and enrolled 260
freshmen, about 20 per cent of
the first-year class. In addition
there was a waiting list of 200.
Close Contact and Continuity
There were many divergences
from the standard freshman cur
riculum, all of which provided
some astonishing results, Prof.
Guerard reported.
The classes were limited to
eight, which allowed the stu
dents to work more closely with
a faculty member or advanced
teaching assistant in studies
that engaged their mutual in
terests.
In addition to closer contact
with the teacher, the two-quar
ter plan made possible a con
tinuity of study not offered in
the general one-quarter course.
Voluntary Participation
"Thus students and instruc
tors, working together for ap
proximately two-thirds of an
academic year, are able to estab
lish among themselves a genuine
sense of both intellectual and so
cial community," Prof. Guerard
noted.
Participation in the seminars
was strictly voluntary. Most stu
dents were so enthusiastic and
interested that "almost all
grades were either 'A' or 'B,'"
Prof. Guerard reported. No ap
plicant was placed in a seminar
in which he didn't express an
interest.
The seminars covered the edu
cational spectrum. Some were
interdisciplinary — "The Gro
tesque in Art and Literature" or
"The Radical in History," or
"Theological Problems and the
Modern Novel."

Others involved students di
rectly in experimentation and
research in both physical and
social sciences. Two freshmen
worked in the pathology labora
tories exploring a single, un
solved contemporary problem in
disease.
Another group used the facili
ties of the Stanford Computa
tion Center to pursue original
research in computer program
ming.
Still another, working under
Prof. William Shockley, Nobel
laureate and holder of the Po
niatoff professorship in engi
neering science, learned ways to
think effectively when confront
ed by poorly defined problems,
and in addition attempted to con
struct tests which would meas
ure others' effectiveness in
problem-solving.
Psychology, Sociology Popular
Other freshmen have pursued
original work in composition in
the Music Department, or stud
ied lithography under Prof. Na
than Oliveira in the Art Depart
ment.
Very popular were studies in
the fields of psychology and so
ciology—two areas which fresh
men didn't explore while in high
school.
The 1966-67 freshman seminar
offerings will be even more
spectacular, Prof. Guerard's re
port indicated.
Foreign Language Seminar
Some noteworthy additions in
clude a seminar in speech and
drama to be led by Director Erik
Vos and Actor Jerome Raphel of
the Stanford Repertory Theater,
under which plays and acting
will be studied from the point of
view of both actor and director.
Prof. Lorenz Eitner, head of
the Department of Art and
Architecture, will teach a semi
nar on works in the Stanford
Museum collection not usually
available to first-year students.
The first foreign language
seminar will be opened to fresh
men by Instructor Herve Le
Mansec of the Department of
French and Italian, who will
teach "Time and Space in Dur
rell and Proust."
Politics and Medicine
Dr. Robert Glaser, dean of the
Stanford Medical School, and
Associate Dean Dr. Leroy Pesch
will teach a seminar in medi
cine, and Prof. John Henry Mer
ryman of the School of Law a
seminar on private property in
the United States.
Other new offerings include
studies in contemporary poli
tics, international relations,
problems of emerging nations,
additional studies in the physi
cal and social sciences, and even
two courses on the University
itself—"The University As a So
cial Institution" and"The Uni
versity As a Therapeutic Com
munity."
Stanford's freshman seminars,
the University's first experi
ment with the untrammeled
learning experience, have been
such a success that they have
been enlarged and extended for
at least two more years, Albert
J. Guerard, professor of Eng
lish and director of the program,
announced today.
"This study program, launched
last September, has captured the
interest and challenged the
imagination of both students
and faculty," Prof. Guerard re
ported.
Offered for two consecutive
quarters—the 1965-66 program
included 38 seminars in 22
schools and departments of the
University, and enrolled 260
freshmen, about 20 per cent of
the first-year class. In addition
there was a waiting list of 200.
Close Contact and Continuity
There were many divergences
from the standard freshman cur
riculum, all of which provided
some astonishing results, Prof.
Guerard reported.
The classes were limited to
eight, which allowed the stu
dents to work more closely with
a faculty member or advanced
teaching assistant in studies
that engaged their mutual in
terests.
In addition to closer contact
with the teacher, the two-quar
ter plan made possible a con
tinuity of study not offered in
the general one-quarter course.
Voluntary Participation
"Thus students and instruc
tors, working together for ap
proximately two-thirds of an
academic year, are able to estab
lish among themselves a genuine
sense of both intellectual and so
cial community," Prof. Guerard
noted.
Participation in the seminars
was strictly voluntary. Most stu
dents were so enthusiastic and
interested that "almost all
grades were either 'A' or 'B,'"
Prof. Guerard reported. No ap
plicant was placed in a seminar
in which he didn't express an
interest.
The seminars covered the edu
cational spectrum. Some were
interdisciplinary — "The Gro
tesque in Art and Literature" or
"The Radical in History," or
"Theological Problems and the
Modern Novel."

Others involved students di
rectly in experimentation and
research in both physical and
social sciences. Two freshmen
worked in the pathology labora
tories exploring a single, un
solved contemporary problem in
disease.
Another group used the facili
ties of the Stanford Computa
tion Center to pursue original
research in computer program
ming.
Still another, working under
Prof. William Shockley, Nobel
laureate and holder of the Po
niatoff professorship in engi
neering science, learned ways to
think effectively when confront
ed by poorly defined problems,
and in addition attempted to con
struct tests which would meas
ure others' effectiveness in
problem-solving.
Psychology, Sociology Popular
Other freshmen have pursued
original work in composition in
the Music Department, or stud
ied lithography under Prof. Na
than Oliveira in the Art Depart
ment.
Very popular were studies in
the fields of psychology and so
ciology—two areas which fresh
men didn't explore while in high
school.
The 1966-67 freshman seminar
offerings will be even more
spectacular, Prof. Guerard's re
port indicated.
Foreign Language Seminar
Some noteworthy additions in
clude a seminar in speech and
drama to be led by Director Erik
Vos and Actor Jerome Raphel of
the Stanford Repertory Theater,
under which plays and acting
will be studied from the point of
view of both actor and director.
Prof. Lorenz Eitner, head of
the Department of Art and
Architecture, will teach a semi
nar on works in the Stanford
Museum collection not usually
available to first-year students.
The first foreign language
seminar will be opened to fresh
men by Instructor Herve Le
Mansec of the Department of
French and Italian, who will
teach "Time and Space in Dur
rell and Proust."
Politics and Medicine
Dr. Robert Glaser, dean of the
Stanford Medical School, and
Associate Dean Dr. Leroy Pesch
will teach a seminar in medi
cine, and Prof. John Henry Mer
ryman of the School of Law a
seminar on private property in
the United States.
Other new offerings include
studies in contemporary poli
tics, international relations,
problems of emerging nations,
additional studies in the physi
cal and social sciences, and even
two courses on the University
itself—"The University As a So
cial Institution" and"The Uni
versity As a Therapeutic Com
munity."
Stanford's freshman seminars,
the University's first experi
ment with the untrammeled
learning experience, have been
such a success that they have
been enlarged and extended for
at least two more years, Albert
J. Guerard, professor of Eng
lish and director of the program,
announced today.
"This study program, launched
last September, has captured the
interest and challenged the
imagination of both students
and faculty," Prof. Guerard re
ported.
Offered for two consecutive
quarters—the 1965-66 program
included 38 seminars in 22
schools and departments of the
University, and enrolled 260
freshmen, about 20 per cent of
the first-year class. In addition
there was a waiting list of 200.
Close Contact and Continuity
There were many divergences
from the standard freshman cur
riculum, all of which provided
some astonishing results, Prof.
Guerard reported.
The classes were limited to
eight, which allowed the stu
dents to work more closely with
a faculty member or advanced
teaching assistant in studies
that engaged their mutual in
terests.
In addition to closer contact
with the teacher, the two-quar
ter plan made possible a con
tinuity of study not offered in
the general one-quarter course.
Voluntary Participation
"Thus students and instruc
tors, working together for ap
proximately two-thirds of an
academic year, are able to estab
lish among themselves a genuine
sense of both intellectual and so
cial community," Prof. Guerard
noted.
Participation in the seminars
was strictly voluntary. Most stu
dents were so enthusiastic and
interested that "almost all
grades were either 'A' or 'B,'"
Prof. Guerard reported. No ap
plicant was placed in a seminar
in which he didn't express an
interest.
The seminars covered the edu
cational spectrum. Some were
interdisciplinary — "The Gro
tesque in Art and Literature" or
"The Radical in History," or
"Theological Problems and the
Modern Novel."

Others involved students di
rectly in experimentation and
research in both physical and
social sciences. Two freshmen
worked in the pathology labora
tories exploring a single, un
solved contemporary problem in
disease.
Another group used the facili
ties of the Stanford Computa
tion Center to pursue original
research in computer program
ming.
Still another, working under
Prof. William Shockley, Nobel
laureate and holder of the Po
niatoff professorship in engi
neering science, learned ways to
think effectively when confront
ed by poorly defined problems,
and in addition attempted to con
struct tests which would meas
ure others' effectiveness in
problem-solving.
Psychology, Sociology Popular
Other freshmen have pursued
original work in composition in
the Music Department, or stud
ied lithography under Prof. Na
than Oliveira in the Art Depart
ment.
Very popular were studies in
the fields of psychology and so
ciology—two areas which fresh
men didn't explore while in high
school.
The 1966-67 freshman seminar
offerings will be even more
spectacular, Prof. Guerard's re
port indicated.
Foreign Language Seminar
Some noteworthy additions in
clude a seminar in speech and
drama to be led by Director Erik
Vos and Actor Jerome Raphel of
the Stanford Repertory Theater,
under which plays and acting
will be studied from the point of
view of both actor and director.
Prof. Lorenz Eitner, head of
the Department of Art and
Architecture, will teach a semi
nar on works in the Stanford
Museum collection not usually
available to first-year students.
The first foreign language
seminar will be opened to fresh
men by Instructor Herve Le
Mansec of the Department of
French and Italian, who will
teach "Time and Space in Dur
rell and Proust."
Politics and Medicine
Dr. Robert Glaser, dean of the
Stanford Medical School, and
Associate Dean Dr. Leroy Pesch
will teach a seminar in medi
cine, and Prof. John Henry Mer
ryman of the School of Law a
seminar on private property in
the United States.
Other new offerings include
studies in contemporary poli
tics, international relations,
problems of emerging nations,
additional studies in the physi
cal and social sciences, and even
two courses on the University
itself—"The University As a So
cial Institution" and"The Uni
versity As a Therapeutic Com
munity."
Stanford's freshman seminars,
the University's first experi
ment with the untrammeled
learning experience, have been
such a success that they have
been enlarged and extended for
at least two more years, Albert
J. Guerard, professor of Eng
lish and director of the program,
announced today.
"This study program, launched
last September, has captured the
interest and challenged the
imagination of both students
and faculty," Prof. Guerard re
ported.
Offered for two consecutive
quarters—the 1965-66 program
included 38 seminars in 22
schools and departments of the
University, and enrolled 260
freshmen, about 20 per cent of
the first-year class. In addition
there was a waiting list of 200.
Close Contact and Continuity
There were many divergences
from the standard freshman cur
riculum, all of which provided
some astonishing results, Prof.
Guerard reported.
The classes were limited to
eight, which allowed the stu
dents to work more closely with
a faculty member or advanced
teaching assistant in studies
that engaged their mutual in
terests.
In addition to closer contact
with the teacher, the two-quar
ter plan made possible a con
tinuity of study not offered in
the general one-quarter course.
Voluntary Participation
"Thus students and instruc
tors, working together for ap
proximately two-thirds of an
academic year, are able to estab
lish among themselves a genuine
sense of both intellectual and so
cial community," Prof. Guerard
noted.
Participation in the seminars
was strictly voluntary. Most stu
dents were so enthusiastic and
interested that "almost all
grades were either 'A' or 'B,'"
Prof. Guerard reported. No ap
plicant was placed in a seminar
in which he didn't express an
interest.
The seminars covered the edu
cational spectrum. Some were
interdisciplinary — "The Gro
tesque in Art and Literature" or
"The Radical in History," or
"Theological Problems and the
Modern Novel."

Others involved students di
rectly in experimentation and
research in both physical and
social sciences. Two freshmen
worked in the pathology labora
tories exploring a single, un
solved contemporary problem in
disease.
Another group used the facili
ties of the Stanford Computa
tion Center to pursue original
research in computer program
ming.
Still another, working under
Prof. William Shockley, Nobel
laureate and holder of the Po
niatoff professorship in engi
neering science, learned ways to
think effectively when confront
ed by poorly defined problems,
and in addition attempted to con
struct tests which would meas
ure others' effectiveness in
problem-solving.
Psychology, Sociology Popular
Other freshmen have pursued
original work in composition in
the Music Department, or stud
ied lithography under Prof. Na
than Oliveira in the Art Depart
ment.
Very popular were studies in
the fields of psychology and so
ciology—two areas which fresh
men didn't explore while in high
school.
The 1966-67 freshman seminar
offerings will be even more
spectacular, Prof. Guerard's re
port indicated.
Foreign Language Seminar
Some noteworthy additions in
clude a seminar in speech and
drama to be led by Director Erik
Vos and Actor Jerome Raphel of
the Stanford Repertory Theater,
under which plays and acting
will be studied from the point of
view of both actor and director.
Prof. Lorenz Eitner, head of
the Department of Art and
Architecture, will teach a semi
nar on works in the Stanford
Museum collection not usually
available to first-year students.
The first foreign language
seminar will be opened to fresh
men by Instructor Herve Le
Mansec of the Department of
French and Italian, who will
teach "Time and Space in Dur
rell and Proust."
Politics and Medicine
Dr. Robert Glaser, dean of the
Stanford Medical School, and
Associate Dean Dr. Leroy Pesch
will teach a seminar in medi
cine, and Prof. John Henry Mer
ryman of the School of Law a
seminar on private property in
the United States.
Other new offerings include
studies in contemporary poli
tics, international relations,
problems of emerging nations,
additional studies in the physi
cal and social sciences, and even
two courses on the University
itself—"The University As a So
cial Institution" and"The Uni
versity As a Therapeutic Com
munity."
Stanford's freshman seminars,
the University's first experi
ment with the untrammeled
learning experience, have been
such a success that they have
been enlarged and extended for
at least two more years, Albert
J. Guerard, professor of Eng
lish and director of the program,
announced today.
"This study program, launched
last September, has captured the
interest and challenged the
imagination of both students
and faculty," Prof. Guerard re
ported.
Offered for two consecutive
quarters—the 1965-66 program
included 38 seminars in 22
schools and departments of the
University, and enrolled 260
freshmen, about 20 per cent of
the first-year class. In addition
there was a waiting list of 200.
Close Contact and Continuity
There were many divergences
from the standard freshman cur
riculum, all of which provided
some astonishing results, Prof.
Guerard reported.
The classes were limited to
eight, which allowed the stu
dents to work more closely with
a faculty member or advanced
teaching assistant in studies
that engaged their mutual in
terests.
In addition to closer contact
with the teacher, the two-quar
ter plan made possible a con
tinuity of study not offered in
the general one-quarter course.
Voluntary Participation
"Thus students and instruc
tors, working together for ap
proximately two-thirds of an
academic year, are able to estab
lish among themselves a genuine
sense of both intellectual and so
cial community," Prof. Guerard
noted.
Participation in the seminars
was strictly voluntary. Most stu
dents were so enthusiastic and
interested that "almost all
grades were either 'A' or 'B,'"
Prof. Guerard reported. No ap
plicant was placed in a seminar
in which he didn't express an
interest.
The seminars covered the edu
cational spectrum. Some were
interdisciplinary — "The Gro
tesque in Art and Literature" or
"The Radical in History," or
"Theological Problems and the
Modern Novel."

Others involved students di
rectly in experimentation and
research in both physical and
social sciences. Two freshmen
worked in the pathology labora
tories exploring a single, un
solved contemporary problem in
disease.
Another group used the facili
ties of the Stanford Computa
tion Center to pursue original
research in computer program
ming.
Still another, working under
Prof. William Shockley, Nobel
laureate and holder of the Po
niatoff professorship in engi
neering science, learned ways to
think effectively when confront
ed by poorly defined problems,
and in addition attempted to con
struct tests which would meas
ure others' effectiveness in
problem-solving.
Psychology, Sociology Popular
Other freshmen have pursued
original work in composition in
the Music Department, or stud
ied lithography under Prof. Na
than Oliveira in the Art Depart
ment.
Very popular were studies in
the fields of psychology and so
ciology—two areas which fresh
men didn't explore while in high
school.
The 1966-67 freshman seminar
offerings will be even more
spectacular, Prof. Guerard's re
port indicated.
Foreign Language Seminar
Some noteworthy additions in
clude a seminar in speech and
drama to be led by Director Erik
Vos and Actor Jerome Raphel of
the Stanford Repertory Theater,
under which plays and acting
will be studied from the point of
view of both actor and director.
Prof. Lorenz Eitner, head of
the Department of Art and
Architecture, will teach a semi
nar on works in the Stanford
Museum collection not usually
available to first-year students.
The first foreign language
seminar will be opened to fresh
men by Instructor Herve Le
Mansec of the Department of
French and Italian, who will
teach "Time and Space in Dur
rell and Proust."
Politics and Medicine
Dr. Robert Glaser, dean of the
Stanford Medical School, and
Associate Dean Dr. Leroy Pesch
will teach a seminar in medi
cine, and Prof. John Henry Mer
ryman of the School of Law a
seminar on private property in
the United States.
Other new offerings include
studies in contemporary poli
tics, international relations,
problems of emerging nations,
additional studies in the physi
cal and social sciences, and even
two courses on the University
itself—"The University As a So
cial Institution" and"The Uni
versity As a Therapeutic Com
munity."
Stanford's freshman seminars,
the University's first experi
ment with the untrammeled
learning experience, have been
such a success that they have
been enlarged and extended for
at least two more years, Albert
J. Guerard, professor of Eng
lish and director of the program,
announced today.
"This study program, launched
last September, has captured the
interest and challenged the
imagination of both students
and faculty," Prof. Guerard re
ported.
Offered for two consecutive
quarters—the 1965-66 program
included 38 seminars in 22
schools and departments of the
University, and enrolled 260
freshmen, about 20 per cent of
the first-year class. In addition
there was a waiting list of 200.
Close Contact and Continuity
There were many divergences
from the standard freshman cur
riculum, all of which provided
some astonishing results, Prof.
Guerard reported.
The classes were limited to
eight, which allowed the stu
dents to work more closely with
a faculty member or advanced
teaching assistant in studies
that engaged their mutual in
terests.
In addition to closer contact
with the teacher, the two-quar
ter plan made possible a con
tinuity of study not offered in
the general one-quarter course.
Voluntary Participation
"Thus students and instruc
tors, working together for ap
proximately two-thirds of an
academic year, are able to estab
lish among themselves a genuine
sense of both intellectual and so
cial community," Prof. Guerard
noted.
Participation in the seminars
was strictly voluntary. Most stu
dents were so enthusiastic and
interested that "almost all
grades were either 'A' or 'B,'"
Prof. Guerard reported. No ap
plicant was placed in a seminar
in which he didn't express an
interest.
The seminars covered the edu
cational spectrum. Some were
interdisciplinary — "The Gro
tesque in Art and Literature" or
"The Radical in History," or
"Theological Problems and the
Modern Novel."

Others involved students di
rectly in experimentation and
research in both physical and
social sciences. Two freshmen
worked in the pathology labora
tories exploring a single, un
solved contemporary problem in
disease.
Another group used the facili
ties of the Stanford Computa
tion Center to pursue original
research in computer program
ming.
Still another, working under
Prof. William Shockley, Nobel
laureate and holder of the Po
niatoff professorship in engi
neering science, learned ways to
think effectively when confront
ed by poorly defined problems,
and in addition attempted to con
struct tests which would meas
ure others' effectiveness in
problem-solving.
Psychology, Sociology Popular
Other freshmen have pursued
original work in composition in
the Music Department, or stud
ied lithography under Prof. Na
than Oliveira in the Art Depart
ment.
Very popular were studies in
the fields of psychology and so
ciology—two areas which fresh
men didn't explore while in high
school.
The 1966-67 freshman seminar
offerings will be even more
spectacular, Prof. Guerard's re
port indicated.
Foreign Language Seminar
Some noteworthy additions in
clude a seminar in speech and
drama to be led by Director Erik
Vos and Actor Jerome Raphel of
the Stanford Repertory Theater,
under which plays and acting
will be studied from the point of
view of both actor and director.
Prof. Lorenz Eitner, head of
the Department of Art and
Architecture, will teach a semi
nar on works in the Stanford
Museum collection not usually
available to first-year students.
The first foreign language
seminar will be opened to fresh
men by Instructor Herve Le
Mansec of the Department of
French and Italian, who will
teach "Time and Space in Dur
rell and Proust."
Politics and Medicine
Dr. Robert Glaser, dean of the
Stanford Medical School, and
Associate Dean Dr. Leroy Pesch
will teach a seminar in medi
cine, and Prof. John Henry Mer
ryman of the School of Law a
seminar on private property in
the United States.
Other new offerings include
studies in contemporary poli
tics, international relations,
problems of emerging nations,
additional studies in the physi
cal and social sciences, and even
two courses on the University
itself—"The University As a So
cial Institution" and"The Uni
versity As a Therapeutic Com
munity."
