# 59 Summer Confabs
## 
### 
During the summer of 1965,
Stanford provided room and
board facilities for 59 confer
ences.
During the summer of 1965,
Stanford provided room and
board facilities for 59 confer
ences.
During the summer of 1965,
Stanford provided room and
board facilities for 59 confer
ences.
During the summer of 1965,
Stanford provided room and
board facilities for 59 confer
ences.
During the summer of 1965,
Stanford provided room and
board facilities for 59 confer
ences.
During the summer of 1965,
Stanford provided room and
board facilities for 59 confer
ences.
During the summer of 1965,
Stanford provided room and
board facilities for 59 confer
ences.
During the summer of 1965,
Stanford provided room and
board facilities for 59 confer
ences.
During the summer of 1965,
Stanford provided room and
board facilities for 59 confer
ences.
During the summer of 1965,
Stanford provided room and
board facilities for 59 confer
ences.
During the summer of 1965,
Stanford provided room and
board facilities for 59 confer
ences.
During the summer of 1965,
Stanford provided room and
board facilities for 59 confer
ences.
During the summer of 1965,
Stanford provided room and
board facilities for 59 confer
ences.
During the summer of 1965,
Stanford provided room and
board facilities for 59 confer
ences.
During the summer of 1965,
Stanford provided room and
board facilities for 59 confer
ences.
