# CARD NINE WINS, 10-3
## 
### 
Stanford's baseball team, ig
niting for nine runs in the first
Inning, clobbered San Jose yes
terday, 10-3. The Indians opened
with both barrels in the first
with eight hits and then sailed
to an easy victory. Frank Duffy
got a home-run in the contest
while Frank Klinger did an out
standing job in his short mound
stay.
Stanford's baseball team, ig
niting for nine runs in the first
Inning, clobbered San Jose yes
terday, 10-3. The Indians opened
with both barrels in the first
with eight hits and then sailed
to an easy victory. Frank Duffy
got a home-run in the contest
while Frank Klinger did an out
standing job in his short mound
stay.
Stanford's baseball team, ig
niting for nine runs in the first
Inning, clobbered San Jose yes
terday, 10-3. The Indians opened
with both barrels in the first
with eight hits and then sailed
to an easy victory. Frank Duffy
got a home-run in the contest
while Frank Klinger did an out
standing job in his short mound
stay.
Stanford's baseball team, ig
niting for nine runs in the first
Inning, clobbered San Jose yes
terday, 10-3. The Indians opened
with both barrels in the first
with eight hits and then sailed
to an easy victory. Frank Duffy
got a home-run in the contest
while Frank Klinger did an out
standing job in his short mound
stay.
Stanford's baseball team, ig
niting for nine runs in the first
Inning, clobbered San Jose yes
terday, 10-3. The Indians opened
with both barrels in the first
with eight hits and then sailed
to an easy victory. Frank Duffy
got a home-run in the contest
while Frank Klinger did an out
standing job in his short mound
stay.
Stanford's baseball team, ig
niting for nine runs in the first
Inning, clobbered San Jose yes
terday, 10-3. The Indians opened
with both barrels in the first
with eight hits and then sailed
to an easy victory. Frank Duffy
got a home-run in the contest
while Frank Klinger did an out
standing job in his short mound
stay.
Stanford's baseball team, ig
niting for nine runs in the first
Inning, clobbered San Jose yes
terday, 10-3. The Indians opened
with both barrels in the first
with eight hits and then sailed
to an easy victory. Frank Duffy
got a home-run in the contest
while Frank Klinger did an out
standing job in his short mound
stay.
Stanford's baseball team, ig
niting for nine runs in the first
Inning, clobbered San Jose yes
terday, 10-3. The Indians opened
with both barrels in the first
with eight hits and then sailed
to an easy victory. Frank Duffy
got a home-run in the contest
while Frank Klinger did an out
standing job in his short mound
stay.
Stanford's baseball team, ig
niting for nine runs in the first
Inning, clobbered San Jose yes
terday, 10-3. The Indians opened
with both barrels in the first
with eight hits and then sailed
to an easy victory. Frank Duffy
got a home-run in the contest
while Frank Klinger did an out
standing job in his short mound
stay.
Stanford's baseball team, ig
niting for nine runs in the first
Inning, clobbered San Jose yes
terday, 10-3. The Indians opened
with both barrels in the first
with eight hits and then sailed
to an easy victory. Frank Duffy
got a home-run in the contest
while Frank Klinger did an out
standing job in his short mound
stay.
Stanford's baseball team, ig
niting for nine runs in the first
Inning, clobbered San Jose yes
terday, 10-3. The Indians opened
with both barrels in the first
with eight hits and then sailed
to an easy victory. Frank Duffy
got a home-run in the contest
while Frank Klinger did an out
standing job in his short mound
stay.
Stanford's baseball team, ig
niting for nine runs in the first
Inning, clobbered San Jose yes
terday, 10-3. The Indians opened
with both barrels in the first
with eight hits and then sailed
to an easy victory. Frank Duffy
got a home-run in the contest
while Frank Klinger did an out
standing job in his short mound
stay.
Stanford's baseball team, ig
niting for nine runs in the first
Inning, clobbered San Jose yes
terday, 10-3. The Indians opened
with both barrels in the first
with eight hits and then sailed
to an easy victory. Frank Duffy
got a home-run in the contest
while Frank Klinger did an out
standing job in his short mound
stay.
Stanford's baseball team, ig
niting for nine runs in the first
Inning, clobbered San Jose yes
terday, 10-3. The Indians opened
with both barrels in the first
with eight hits and then sailed
to an easy victory. Frank Duffy
got a home-run in the contest
while Frank Klinger did an out
standing job in his short mound
stay.
Stanford's baseball team, ig
niting for nine runs in the first
Inning, clobbered San Jose yes
terday, 10-3. The Indians opened
with both barrels in the first
with eight hits and then sailed
to an easy victory. Frank Duffy
got a home-run in the contest
while Frank Klinger did an out
standing job in his short mound
stay.
