# Hayek Speaks On Freedom
## 
### 
"Prospects of Freedom" will be
discussed by Dr. Friedrich A. Ha
yek, author of "The Road to Serf
dom," at the Tuesday Evening Se
ries July 2 at 8 p.m. Hayek is rec
ognized as one of the world's most
famous economists and his book has
been a best-seller for over a year.
The lecture will be held in Memo
rial Hall. No admission will be
charged.
Hayek will return to England late
next month to resume his position
as Tooke Professor of Economic Sci
ence and Statistics at the London
School of Economics and Political
Science (University of London).
Currently he is offering a seminar
here in the "business cycle" for
graduate students during the first
four weeks of summer quarter.
His controversial work, which has
been called one of the most impor
tant books of our generation, warns
against the danger of dictatorship
he sees in central planning. Hayek
claims that fascism as expressed in
German National Socialism is the
end product of the growth of state
control and state power, of national
"planning" and of socialism.
