# Authorities Nab 'Billy Coat' Thief
## 
### 
The Encina Gym robbery still re
mained unsolved today but Friday
morning in San Carlos a ''butt
head" bandit was arrested after at
tempting to escape from police au
thorities by smashing head first
through a fence.
The thief, later identified as Law
rence Blanchard of San Francisco,
attempted to crack the safe of a
highway bar. While breaking into
the back door of the establishment,
Blanchard was seen by police offi
cers and hastily made his escape
through a back fence using his head
as a battering ram. After gaining
exit, Blanchard drove off in his car
but was soon overtaken by police
officers.
No connection between the two
attempted safe robberies has been
reported as yet, but if the Encina
Gym robber had used his head in
stead of a hack-saw, the stories
might have been similar.
