# No More Chappie Till Fall Quarter
## 
### 
No editions of the Chaparral will
be published this summer quarter,
but the campus magazine will re
sume its regular publishing sched
ule early in the fall quarter with
its first post-war, full-sized staff of
editors, headed by the new "Old
Boy," Frank Q. Hewitt, and a leng
thy list of talented contributors.
In the last meeting of the year
held by the Hammer and Collin
Society, owners and publishers of
the Chaparral, the following new
officers were elected for the year
1946-47. Frank Q. Hewitt, editor
in-chief and president of the so
ciety; Boris Wolper, continuing as
business manager and vice-presi
dent; and A 1 Larson, secretary
treasurer of the society.
The following men were voted in
on the masthead of the Chaparral:
Frank Q. Hewitt, editor-in-chief;
Stan Shpetner and A 1 Larson, as
sociate editors; Don Allan and Bar
ney McClure, editors - in - chief
emeritus; A 1 Novikoff, honorary
faculty adviser; Boris Wolper, bus
iness manager; Jack Rieser, circu
lation manager; Barney Gugel, man
aging editor; and Jim Conner as art
editor. All of these appointments
will be for Volume 48 which will be
published during fall quarter.
