# JOURNALISTS ASSEMBLE TO ENCOURAGE HIGH IDEALS IN NEWS
## 
### NORRIS E. JAMES 
President, Sigma Delta Chi
Striving for interchange of ideas
between high school journalists,
professionals, and college journal
ists, delegates of the second an
nual convention of the California
Interscholastic Press Association
are mingling at round table dis
cussion groups, and general as
semblies.
The association was founded at
Stanford last year through the ef
forts of Sigma Delta Chi, and is
proving to be a source of great
help in solving problems of edi
tors and journalism instructors.
The purpose of the association
is to infuse the same high ideals
and ethical principles into all
branches of journalistic enterprise
here represented.
The entire convention program
characterizes the purpose of the
organization, and offers inspira
tion for the carrying out of these
ideals in the future work of the
people who are present.
President, Sigma Delta Chi
Striving for interchange of ideas
between high school journalists,
professionals, and college journal
ists, delegates of the second an
nual convention of the California
Interscholastic Press Association
are mingling at round table dis
cussion groups, and general as
semblies.
The association was founded at
Stanford last year through the ef
forts of Sigma Delta Chi, and is
proving to be a source of great
help in solving problems of edi
tors and journalism instructors.
The purpose of the association
is to infuse the same high ideals
and ethical principles into all
branches of journalistic enterprise
here represented.
The entire convention program
characterizes the purpose of the
organization, and offers inspira
tion for the carrying out of these
ideals in the future work of the
people who are present.
President, Sigma Delta Chi
Striving for interchange of ideas
between high school journalists,
professionals, and college journal
ists, delegates of the second an
nual convention of the California
Interscholastic Press Association
are mingling at round table dis
cussion groups, and general as
semblies.
The association was founded at
Stanford last year through the ef
forts of Sigma Delta Chi, and is
proving to be a source of great
help in solving problems of edi
tors and journalism instructors.
The purpose of the association
is to infuse the same high ideals
and ethical principles into all
branches of journalistic enterprise
here represented.
The entire convention program
characterizes the purpose of the
organization, and offers inspira
tion for the carrying out of these
ideals in the future work of the
people who are present.
President, Sigma Delta Chi
Striving for interchange of ideas
between high school journalists,
professionals, and college journal
ists, delegates of the second an
nual convention of the California
Interscholastic Press Association
are mingling at round table dis
cussion groups, and general as
semblies.
The association was founded at
Stanford last year through the ef
forts of Sigma Delta Chi, and is
proving to be a source of great
help in solving problems of edi
tors and journalism instructors.
The purpose of the association
is to infuse the same high ideals
and ethical principles into all
branches of journalistic enterprise
here represented.
The entire convention program
characterizes the purpose of the
organization, and offers inspira
tion for the carrying out of these
ideals in the future work of the
people who are present.
President, Sigma Delta Chi
Striving for interchange of ideas
between high school journalists,
professionals, and college journal
ists, delegates of the second an
nual convention of the California
Interscholastic Press Association
are mingling at round table dis
cussion groups, and general as
semblies.
The association was founded at
Stanford last year through the ef
forts of Sigma Delta Chi, and is
proving to be a source of great
help in solving problems of edi
tors and journalism instructors.
The purpose of the association
is to infuse the same high ideals
and ethical principles into all
branches of journalistic enterprise
here represented.
The entire convention program
characterizes the purpose of the
organization, and offers inspira
tion for the carrying out of these
ideals in the future work of the
people who are present.
President, Sigma Delta Chi
Striving for interchange of ideas
between high school journalists,
professionals, and college journal
ists, delegates of the second an
nual convention of the California
Interscholastic Press Association
are mingling at round table dis
cussion groups, and general as
semblies.
The association was founded at
Stanford last year through the ef
forts of Sigma Delta Chi, and is
proving to be a source of great
help in solving problems of edi
tors and journalism instructors.
The purpose of the association
is to infuse the same high ideals
and ethical principles into all
branches of journalistic enterprise
here represented.
The entire convention program
characterizes the purpose of the
organization, and offers inspira
tion for the carrying out of these
ideals in the future work of the
people who are present.
President, Sigma Delta Chi
Striving for interchange of ideas
between high school journalists,
professionals, and college journal
ists, delegates of the second an
nual convention of the California
Interscholastic Press Association
are mingling at round table dis
cussion groups, and general as
semblies.
The association was founded at
Stanford last year through the ef
forts of Sigma Delta Chi, and is
proving to be a source of great
help in solving problems of edi
tors and journalism instructors.
The purpose of the association
is to infuse the same high ideals
and ethical principles into all
branches of journalistic enterprise
here represented.
The entire convention program
characterizes the purpose of the
organization, and offers inspira
tion for the carrying out of these
ideals in the future work of the
people who are present.
President, Sigma Delta Chi
Striving for interchange of ideas
between high school journalists,
professionals, and college journal
ists, delegates of the second an
nual convention of the California
Interscholastic Press Association
are mingling at round table dis
cussion groups, and general as
semblies.
The association was founded at
Stanford last year through the ef
forts of Sigma Delta Chi, and is
proving to be a source of great
help in solving problems of edi
tors and journalism instructors.
The purpose of the association
is to infuse the same high ideals
and ethical principles into all
branches of journalistic enterprise
here represented.
The entire convention program
characterizes the purpose of the
organization, and offers inspira
tion for the carrying out of these
ideals in the future work of the
people who are present.
President, Sigma Delta Chi
Striving for interchange of ideas
between high school journalists,
professionals, and college journal
ists, delegates of the second an
nual convention of the California
Interscholastic Press Association
are mingling at round table dis
cussion groups, and general as
semblies.
The association was founded at
Stanford last year through the ef
forts of Sigma Delta Chi, and is
proving to be a source of great
help in solving problems of edi
tors and journalism instructors.
The purpose of the association
is to infuse the same high ideals
and ethical principles into all
branches of journalistic enterprise
here represented.
The entire convention program
characterizes the purpose of the
organization, and offers inspira
tion for the carrying out of these
ideals in the future work of the
people who are present.
President, Sigma Delta Chi
Striving for interchange of ideas
between high school journalists,
professionals, and college journal
ists, delegates of the second an
nual convention of the California
Interscholastic Press Association
are mingling at round table dis
cussion groups, and general as
semblies.
The association was founded at
Stanford last year through the ef
forts of Sigma Delta Chi, and is
proving to be a source of great
help in solving problems of edi
tors and journalism instructors.
The purpose of the association
is to infuse the same high ideals
and ethical principles into all
branches of journalistic enterprise
here represented.
The entire convention program
characterizes the purpose of the
organization, and offers inspira
tion for the carrying out of these
ideals in the future work of the
people who are present.
President, Sigma Delta Chi
Striving for interchange of ideas
between high school journalists,
professionals, and college journal
ists, delegates of the second an
nual convention of the California
Interscholastic Press Association
are mingling at round table dis
cussion groups, and general as
semblies.
The association was founded at
Stanford last year through the ef
forts of Sigma Delta Chi, and is
proving to be a source of great
help in solving problems of edi
tors and journalism instructors.
The purpose of the association
is to infuse the same high ideals
and ethical principles into all
branches of journalistic enterprise
here represented.
The entire convention program
characterizes the purpose of the
organization, and offers inspira
tion for the carrying out of these
ideals in the future work of the
people who are present.
President, Sigma Delta Chi
Striving for interchange of ideas
between high school journalists,
professionals, and college journal
ists, delegates of the second an
nual convention of the California
Interscholastic Press Association
are mingling at round table dis
cussion groups, and general as
semblies.
The association was founded at
Stanford last year through the ef
forts of Sigma Delta Chi, and is
proving to be a source of great
help in solving problems of edi
tors and journalism instructors.
The purpose of the association
is to infuse the same high ideals
and ethical principles into all
branches of journalistic enterprise
here represented.
The entire convention program
characterizes the purpose of the
organization, and offers inspira
tion for the carrying out of these
ideals in the future work of the
people who are present.
President, Sigma Delta Chi
Striving for interchange of ideas
between high school journalists,
professionals, and college journal
ists, delegates of the second an
nual convention of the California
Interscholastic Press Association
are mingling at round table dis
cussion groups, and general as
semblies.
The association was founded at
Stanford last year through the ef
forts of Sigma Delta Chi, and is
proving to be a source of great
help in solving problems of edi
tors and journalism instructors.
The purpose of the association
is to infuse the same high ideals
and ethical principles into all
branches of journalistic enterprise
here represented.
The entire convention program
characterizes the purpose of the
organization, and offers inspira
tion for the carrying out of these
ideals in the future work of the
people who are present.
President, Sigma Delta Chi
Striving for interchange of ideas
between high school journalists,
professionals, and college journal
ists, delegates of the second an
nual convention of the California
Interscholastic Press Association
are mingling at round table dis
cussion groups, and general as
semblies.
The association was founded at
Stanford last year through the ef
forts of Sigma Delta Chi, and is
proving to be a source of great
help in solving problems of edi
tors and journalism instructors.
The purpose of the association
is to infuse the same high ideals
and ethical principles into all
branches of journalistic enterprise
here represented.
The entire convention program
characterizes the purpose of the
organization, and offers inspira
tion for the carrying out of these
ideals in the future work of the
people who are present.
President, Sigma Delta Chi
Striving for interchange of ideas
between high school journalists,
professionals, and college journal
ists, delegates of the second an
nual convention of the California
Interscholastic Press Association
are mingling at round table dis
cussion groups, and general as
semblies.
The association was founded at
Stanford last year through the ef
forts of Sigma Delta Chi, and is
proving to be a source of great
help in solving problems of edi
tors and journalism instructors.
The purpose of the association
is to infuse the same high ideals
and ethical principles into all
branches of journalistic enterprise
here represented.
The entire convention program
characterizes the purpose of the
organization, and offers inspira
tion for the carrying out of these
ideals in the future work of the
people who are present.
