# Dr. Mahr Receives Valuable German Book from Frankfurt
## 
### 
Dr. August Carl Mahr has recently
received from the Stadtbiliothk—city
library of Frankfurt, Germany—the only
existant copy of Ludwig Branfel's
"Agnes." The book was printed in
1844 and is very valuable. Dr. Mahr ap
plied for it some time ago, wishing to
use it for research work, and it was
sent to his free of charge and obliga
tion. The Stadtbiliothk was founded
primarily for students' interest in re
search.
Dr. August Carl Mahr has recently
received from the Stadtbiliothk—city
library of Frankfurt, Germany—the only
existant copy of Ludwig Branfel's
"Agnes." The book was printed in
1844 and is very valuable. Dr. Mahr ap
plied for it some time ago, wishing to
use it for research work, and it was
sent to his free of charge and obliga
tion. The Stadtbiliothk was founded
primarily for students' interest in re
search.
Dr. August Carl Mahr has recently
received from the Stadtbiliothk—city
library of Frankfurt, Germany—the only
existant copy of Ludwig Branfel's
"Agnes." The book was printed in
1844 and is very valuable. Dr. Mahr ap
plied for it some time ago, wishing to
use it for research work, and it was
sent to his free of charge and obliga
tion. The Stadtbiliothk was founded
primarily for students' interest in re
search.
Dr. August Carl Mahr has recently
received from the Stadtbiliothk—city
library of Frankfurt, Germany—the only
existant copy of Ludwig Branfel's
"Agnes." The book was printed in
1844 and is very valuable. Dr. Mahr ap
plied for it some time ago, wishing to
use it for research work, and it was
sent to his free of charge and obliga
tion. The Stadtbiliothk was founded
primarily for students' interest in re
search.
Dr. August Carl Mahr has recently
received from the Stadtbiliothk—city
library of Frankfurt, Germany—the only
existant copy of Ludwig Branfel's
"Agnes." The book was printed in
1844 and is very valuable. Dr. Mahr ap
plied for it some time ago, wishing to
use it for research work, and it was
sent to his free of charge and obliga
tion. The Stadtbiliothk was founded
primarily for students' interest in re
search.
Dr. August Carl Mahr has recently
received from the Stadtbiliothk—city
library of Frankfurt, Germany—the only
existant copy of Ludwig Branfel's
"Agnes." The book was printed in
1844 and is very valuable. Dr. Mahr ap
plied for it some time ago, wishing to
use it for research work, and it was
sent to his free of charge and obliga
tion. The Stadtbiliothk was founded
primarily for students' interest in re
search.
Dr. August Carl Mahr has recently
received from the Stadtbiliothk—city
library of Frankfurt, Germany—the only
existant copy of Ludwig Branfel's
"Agnes." The book was printed in
1844 and is very valuable. Dr. Mahr ap
plied for it some time ago, wishing to
use it for research work, and it was
sent to his free of charge and obliga
tion. The Stadtbiliothk was founded
primarily for students' interest in re
search.
Dr. August Carl Mahr has recently
received from the Stadtbiliothk—city
library of Frankfurt, Germany—the only
existant copy of Ludwig Branfel's
"Agnes." The book was printed in
1844 and is very valuable. Dr. Mahr ap
plied for it some time ago, wishing to
use it for research work, and it was
sent to his free of charge and obliga
tion. The Stadtbiliothk was founded
primarily for students' interest in re
search.
Dr. August Carl Mahr has recently
received from the Stadtbiliothk—city
library of Frankfurt, Germany—the only
existant copy of Ludwig Branfel's
"Agnes." The book was printed in
1844 and is very valuable. Dr. Mahr ap
plied for it some time ago, wishing to
use it for research work, and it was
sent to his free of charge and obliga
tion. The Stadtbiliothk was founded
primarily for students' interest in re
search.
Dr. August Carl Mahr has recently
received from the Stadtbiliothk—city
library of Frankfurt, Germany—the only
existant copy of Ludwig Branfel's
"Agnes." The book was printed in
1844 and is very valuable. Dr. Mahr ap
plied for it some time ago, wishing to
use it for research work, and it was
sent to his free of charge and obliga
tion. The Stadtbiliothk was founded
primarily for students' interest in re
search.
Dr. August Carl Mahr has recently
received from the Stadtbiliothk—city
library of Frankfurt, Germany—the only
existant copy of Ludwig Branfel's
"Agnes." The book was printed in
1844 and is very valuable. Dr. Mahr ap
plied for it some time ago, wishing to
use it for research work, and it was
sent to his free of charge and obliga
tion. The Stadtbiliothk was founded
primarily for students' interest in re
search.
Dr. August Carl Mahr has recently
received from the Stadtbiliothk—city
library of Frankfurt, Germany—the only
existant copy of Ludwig Branfel's
"Agnes." The book was printed in
1844 and is very valuable. Dr. Mahr ap
plied for it some time ago, wishing to
use it for research work, and it was
sent to his free of charge and obliga
tion. The Stadtbiliothk was founded
primarily for students' interest in re
search.
Dr. August Carl Mahr has recently
received from the Stadtbiliothk—city
library of Frankfurt, Germany—the only
existant copy of Ludwig Branfel's
"Agnes." The book was printed in
1844 and is very valuable. Dr. Mahr ap
plied for it some time ago, wishing to
use it for research work, and it was
sent to his free of charge and obliga
tion. The Stadtbiliothk was founded
primarily for students' interest in re
search.
Dr. August Carl Mahr has recently
received from the Stadtbiliothk—city
library of Frankfurt, Germany—the only
existant copy of Ludwig Branfel's
"Agnes." The book was printed in
1844 and is very valuable. Dr. Mahr ap
plied for it some time ago, wishing to
use it for research work, and it was
sent to his free of charge and obliga
tion. The Stadtbiliothk was founded
primarily for students' interest in re
search.
Dr. August Carl Mahr has recently
received from the Stadtbiliothk—city
library of Frankfurt, Germany—the only
existant copy of Ludwig Branfel's
"Agnes." The book was printed in
1844 and is very valuable. Dr. Mahr ap
plied for it some time ago, wishing to
use it for research work, and it was
sent to his free of charge and obliga
tion. The Stadtbiliothk was founded
primarily for students' interest in re
search.
