# BROWN WILL GIVE COURSES AT S. B. U. C.
## 
### 
Professor B. O. Brown, of the Jour
nalism department, will give two
classes in newspaper work at the sum
mer session of the University of Cali
fornia, Southern Branch.
A two-hour morning lecture class In
both the morning and afternoon will
cover News Writing and Practical Re
porting. The students will have practi
cal work in publishing the Southern
Branch paper, "The Cub Californian,"
twice a week. Work will also include
the writing of editorials and feature
articles, while grading will be made
on a basis of the quality and complete
ness of the work done.
Professor Brown gave t lie same
courses at Southern Branch last sum
ber. Professor E. W. Smith, head of
the Stanford Journalism department,
gave them for several years previous.
