# J. P. SMITH AWARDED SCIENTIFIC HONOR
## 
### 
Dr. J. P. Smith, professor of paleon
tology, was recently elected to mem
bership in the National Academy of
Sciences of America. This is the most
distinguished organization of scientific
men in this country and compares fa
vorably with the French Academy.
The number of members is strictly
limited. A candidate must be nomi
nated by the unanimous vote of all the
members in a given branch of science
and must receive a majority vote of
all the members of the Academy to be
elected.
Dr. Smith has been with the Uni
versity since its establishment. His
election to the academy was based on
his extensive research work in paleon
tology and particularly on his studies
of the great coiled shells, the ammo
nites, and their ancestors.
