# SOPHOMORE WOMEN FAVORED ON TRACK
## 
### 
Women's Field Day being only two
weeks off, track asyirants have begun
to specialize. Miss Georgiana Burk,
women's track coach, has been timing
sprints and measuring jumps and
throws this week.
At present sophomores lead in all
events. Bernice Chase shows the best
time on the track, and with almost no
practice leads the broad jump at 13
feet 7 inches. Marie Manchee and
Frances Gooden arp first in the high
jump at 4 feet 3 inches. They have
both made good records in the broad
jump as well. Miss Gooden is new in
track, and is expected to improve a
great deal before the end of the sea
son.
Little has as yet been done in the
baseball and basketball throws and
the shot put. Few women have shown
interest in them this year. It is pos
sible that more of them will try for
these events as May 30, the date of
Field Day, approaches.

Students from the journalism de
picked President Coolidge and Charles
E. Hughes as the two foremost figures
of the world in a census taken re
cently.
Women's Field Day being only two
weeks off, track asyirants have begun
to specialize. Miss Georgiana Burk,
women's track coach, has been timing
sprints and measuring jumps and
throws this week.
At present sophomores lead in all
events. Bernice Chase shows the best
time on the track, and with almost no
practice leads the broad jump at 13
feet 7 inches. Marie Manchee and
Frances Gooden arp first in the high
jump at 4 feet 3 inches. They have
both made good records in the broad
jump as well. Miss Gooden is new in
track, and is expected to improve a
great deal before the end of the sea
son.
Little has as yet been done in the
baseball and basketball throws and
the shot put. Few women have shown
interest in them this year. It is pos
sible that more of them will try for
these events as May 30, the date of
Field Day, approaches.

Students from the journalism de
picked President Coolidge and Charles
E. Hughes as the two foremost figures
of the world in a census taken re
cently.
Women's Field Day being only two
weeks off, track asyirants have begun
to specialize. Miss Georgiana Burk,
women's track coach, has been timing
sprints and measuring jumps and
throws this week.
At present sophomores lead in all
events. Bernice Chase shows the best
time on the track, and with almost no
practice leads the broad jump at 13
feet 7 inches. Marie Manchee and
Frances Gooden arp first in the high
jump at 4 feet 3 inches. They have
both made good records in the broad
jump as well. Miss Gooden is new in
track, and is expected to improve a
great deal before the end of the sea
son.
Little has as yet been done in the
baseball and basketball throws and
the shot put. Few women have shown
interest in them this year. It is pos
sible that more of them will try for
these events as May 30, the date of
Field Day, approaches.

Students from the journalism de
picked President Coolidge and Charles
E. Hughes as the two foremost figures
of the world in a census taken re
cently.
Women's Field Day being only two
weeks off, track asyirants have begun
to specialize. Miss Georgiana Burk,
women's track coach, has been timing
sprints and measuring jumps and
throws this week.
At present sophomores lead in all
events. Bernice Chase shows the best
time on the track, and with almost no
practice leads the broad jump at 13
feet 7 inches. Marie Manchee and
Frances Gooden arp first in the high
jump at 4 feet 3 inches. They have
both made good records in the broad
jump as well. Miss Gooden is new in
track, and is expected to improve a
great deal before the end of the sea
son.
Little has as yet been done in the
baseball and basketball throws and
the shot put. Few women have shown
interest in them this year. It is pos
sible that more of them will try for
these events as May 30, the date of
Field Day, approaches.

Students from the journalism de
picked President Coolidge and Charles
E. Hughes as the two foremost figures
of the world in a census taken re
cently.
Women's Field Day being only two
weeks off, track asyirants have begun
to specialize. Miss Georgiana Burk,
women's track coach, has been timing
sprints and measuring jumps and
throws this week.
At present sophomores lead in all
events. Bernice Chase shows the best
time on the track, and with almost no
practice leads the broad jump at 13
feet 7 inches. Marie Manchee and
Frances Gooden arp first in the high
jump at 4 feet 3 inches. They have
both made good records in the broad
jump as well. Miss Gooden is new in
track, and is expected to improve a
great deal before the end of the sea
son.
Little has as yet been done in the
baseball and basketball throws and
the shot put. Few women have shown
interest in them this year. It is pos
sible that more of them will try for
these events as May 30, the date of
Field Day, approaches.

Students from the journalism de
picked President Coolidge and Charles
E. Hughes as the two foremost figures
of the world in a census taken re
cently.
Women's Field Day being only two
weeks off, track asyirants have begun
to specialize. Miss Georgiana Burk,
women's track coach, has been timing
sprints and measuring jumps and
throws this week.
At present sophomores lead in all
events. Bernice Chase shows the best
time on the track, and with almost no
practice leads the broad jump at 13
feet 7 inches. Marie Manchee and
Frances Gooden arp first in the high
jump at 4 feet 3 inches. They have
both made good records in the broad
jump as well. Miss Gooden is new in
track, and is expected to improve a
great deal before the end of the sea
son.
Little has as yet been done in the
baseball and basketball throws and
the shot put. Few women have shown
interest in them this year. It is pos
sible that more of them will try for
these events as May 30, the date of
Field Day, approaches.

Students from the journalism de
picked President Coolidge and Charles
E. Hughes as the two foremost figures
of the world in a census taken re
cently.
Women's Field Day being only two
weeks off, track asyirants have begun
to specialize. Miss Georgiana Burk,
women's track coach, has been timing
sprints and measuring jumps and
throws this week.
At present sophomores lead in all
events. Bernice Chase shows the best
time on the track, and with almost no
practice leads the broad jump at 13
feet 7 inches. Marie Manchee and
Frances Gooden arp first in the high
jump at 4 feet 3 inches. They have
both made good records in the broad
jump as well. Miss Gooden is new in
track, and is expected to improve a
great deal before the end of the sea
son.
Little has as yet been done in the
baseball and basketball throws and
the shot put. Few women have shown
interest in them this year. It is pos
sible that more of them will try for
these events as May 30, the date of
Field Day, approaches.

Students from the journalism de
picked President Coolidge and Charles
E. Hughes as the two foremost figures
of the world in a census taken re
cently.
Women's Field Day being only two
weeks off, track asyirants have begun
to specialize. Miss Georgiana Burk,
women's track coach, has been timing
sprints and measuring jumps and
throws this week.
At present sophomores lead in all
events. Bernice Chase shows the best
time on the track, and with almost no
practice leads the broad jump at 13
feet 7 inches. Marie Manchee and
Frances Gooden arp first in the high
jump at 4 feet 3 inches. They have
both made good records in the broad
jump as well. Miss Gooden is new in
track, and is expected to improve a
great deal before the end of the sea
son.
Little has as yet been done in the
baseball and basketball throws and
the shot put. Few women have shown
interest in them this year. It is pos
sible that more of them will try for
these events as May 30, the date of
Field Day, approaches.

Students from the journalism de
picked President Coolidge and Charles
E. Hughes as the two foremost figures
of the world in a census taken re
cently.
Women's Field Day being only two
weeks off, track asyirants have begun
to specialize. Miss Georgiana Burk,
women's track coach, has been timing
sprints and measuring jumps and
throws this week.
At present sophomores lead in all
events. Bernice Chase shows the best
time on the track, and with almost no
practice leads the broad jump at 13
feet 7 inches. Marie Manchee and
Frances Gooden arp first in the high
jump at 4 feet 3 inches. They have
both made good records in the broad
jump as well. Miss Gooden is new in
track, and is expected to improve a
great deal before the end of the sea
son.
Little has as yet been done in the
baseball and basketball throws and
the shot put. Few women have shown
interest in them this year. It is pos
sible that more of them will try for
these events as May 30, the date of
Field Day, approaches.

Students from the journalism de
picked President Coolidge and Charles
E. Hughes as the two foremost figures
of the world in a census taken re
cently.
Women's Field Day being only two
weeks off, track asyirants have begun
to specialize. Miss Georgiana Burk,
women's track coach, has been timing
sprints and measuring jumps and
throws this week.
At present sophomores lead in all
events. Bernice Chase shows the best
time on the track, and with almost no
practice leads the broad jump at 13
feet 7 inches. Marie Manchee and
Frances Gooden arp first in the high
jump at 4 feet 3 inches. They have
both made good records in the broad
jump as well. Miss Gooden is new in
track, and is expected to improve a
great deal before the end of the sea
son.
Little has as yet been done in the
baseball and basketball throws and
the shot put. Few women have shown
interest in them this year. It is pos
sible that more of them will try for
these events as May 30, the date of
Field Day, approaches.

Students from the journalism de
picked President Coolidge and Charles
E. Hughes as the two foremost figures
of the world in a census taken re
cently.
Women's Field Day being only two
weeks off, track asyirants have begun
to specialize. Miss Georgiana Burk,
women's track coach, has been timing
sprints and measuring jumps and
throws this week.
At present sophomores lead in all
events. Bernice Chase shows the best
time on the track, and with almost no
practice leads the broad jump at 13
feet 7 inches. Marie Manchee and
Frances Gooden arp first in the high
jump at 4 feet 3 inches. They have
both made good records in the broad
jump as well. Miss Gooden is new in
track, and is expected to improve a
great deal before the end of the sea
son.
Little has as yet been done in the
baseball and basketball throws and
the shot put. Few women have shown
interest in them this year. It is pos
sible that more of them will try for
these events as May 30, the date of
Field Day, approaches.

Students from the journalism de
picked President Coolidge and Charles
E. Hughes as the two foremost figures
of the world in a census taken re
cently.
Women's Field Day being only two
weeks off, track asyirants have begun
to specialize. Miss Georgiana Burk,
women's track coach, has been timing
sprints and measuring jumps and
throws this week.
At present sophomores lead in all
events. Bernice Chase shows the best
time on the track, and with almost no
practice leads the broad jump at 13
feet 7 inches. Marie Manchee and
Frances Gooden arp first in the high
jump at 4 feet 3 inches. They have
both made good records in the broad
jump as well. Miss Gooden is new in
track, and is expected to improve a
great deal before the end of the sea
son.
Little has as yet been done in the
baseball and basketball throws and
the shot put. Few women have shown
interest in them this year. It is pos
sible that more of them will try for
these events as May 30, the date of
Field Day, approaches.

Students from the journalism de
picked President Coolidge and Charles
E. Hughes as the two foremost figures
of the world in a census taken re
cently.
Women's Field Day being only two
weeks off, track asyirants have begun
to specialize. Miss Georgiana Burk,
women's track coach, has been timing
sprints and measuring jumps and
throws this week.
At present sophomores lead in all
events. Bernice Chase shows the best
time on the track, and with almost no
practice leads the broad jump at 13
feet 7 inches. Marie Manchee and
Frances Gooden arp first in the high
jump at 4 feet 3 inches. They have
both made good records in the broad
jump as well. Miss Gooden is new in
track, and is expected to improve a
great deal before the end of the sea
son.
Little has as yet been done in the
baseball and basketball throws and
the shot put. Few women have shown
interest in them this year. It is pos
sible that more of them will try for
these events as May 30, the date of
Field Day, approaches.

Students from the journalism de
picked President Coolidge and Charles
E. Hughes as the two foremost figures
of the world in a census taken re
cently.
Women's Field Day being only two
weeks off, track asyirants have begun
to specialize. Miss Georgiana Burk,
women's track coach, has been timing
sprints and measuring jumps and
throws this week.
At present sophomores lead in all
events. Bernice Chase shows the best
time on the track, and with almost no
practice leads the broad jump at 13
feet 7 inches. Marie Manchee and
Frances Gooden arp first in the high
jump at 4 feet 3 inches. They have
both made good records in the broad
jump as well. Miss Gooden is new in
track, and is expected to improve a
great deal before the end of the sea
son.
Little has as yet been done in the
baseball and basketball throws and
the shot put. Few women have shown
interest in them this year. It is pos
sible that more of them will try for
these events as May 30, the date of
Field Day, approaches.

Students from the journalism de
picked President Coolidge and Charles
E. Hughes as the two foremost figures
of the world in a census taken re
cently.
Women's Field Day being only two
weeks off, track asyirants have begun
to specialize. Miss Georgiana Burk,
women's track coach, has been timing
sprints and measuring jumps and
throws this week.
At present sophomores lead in all
events. Bernice Chase shows the best
time on the track, and with almost no
practice leads the broad jump at 13
feet 7 inches. Marie Manchee and
Frances Gooden arp first in the high
jump at 4 feet 3 inches. They have
both made good records in the broad
jump as well. Miss Gooden is new in
track, and is expected to improve a
great deal before the end of the sea
son.
Little has as yet been done in the
baseball and basketball throws and
the shot put. Few women have shown
interest in them this year. It is pos
sible that more of them will try for
these events as May 30, the date of
Field Day, approaches.

Students from the journalism de
picked President Coolidge and Charles
E. Hughes as the two foremost figures
of the world in a census taken re
cently.
