# 'BLIND DATE' TENNIS TOURNEY IS OPENED
## 
### 
Something new in the wa of blind
dates is offering itself in the mixed
doubles tennis tournament that is
being arranged. Girls, here's your
chance! If you want to meet some
great big athlete, just sign up for the
tournament and you'll find yourself
placed in partnership with one of the
University's potential tennis cham
pions, who is probably longing to get
acquainted with someone, too. Or, if
you know someone you want to play
with, think of all the people the two
of you can meet in the course of
competition!
The tournament is open to anyone
registered in the University. Lists
have been posted in both gyms, where
everyone wishing to enter the tourna
ment must sign up before Wednes
day, May 9. The partners, courts, and
time of the matches will be arranged
and posted the next day.
Something new in the wa of blind
dates is offering itself in the mixed
doubles tennis tournament that is
being arranged. Girls, here's your
chance! If you want to meet some
great big athlete, just sign up for the
tournament and you'll find yourself
placed in partnership with one of the
University's potential tennis cham
pions, who is probably longing to get
acquainted with someone, too. Or, if
you know someone you want to play
with, think of all the people the two
of you can meet in the course of
competition!
The tournament is open to anyone
registered in the University. Lists
have been posted in both gyms, where
everyone wishing to enter the tourna
ment must sign up before Wednes
day, May 9. The partners, courts, and
time of the matches will be arranged
and posted the next day.
Something new in the wa of blind
dates is offering itself in the mixed
doubles tennis tournament that is
being arranged. Girls, here's your
chance! If you want to meet some
great big athlete, just sign up for the
tournament and you'll find yourself
placed in partnership with one of the
University's potential tennis cham
pions, who is probably longing to get
acquainted with someone, too. Or, if
you know someone you want to play
with, think of all the people the two
of you can meet in the course of
competition!
The tournament is open to anyone
registered in the University. Lists
have been posted in both gyms, where
everyone wishing to enter the tourna
ment must sign up before Wednes
day, May 9. The partners, courts, and
time of the matches will be arranged
and posted the next day.
Something new in the wa of blind
dates is offering itself in the mixed
doubles tennis tournament that is
being arranged. Girls, here's your
chance! If you want to meet some
great big athlete, just sign up for the
tournament and you'll find yourself
placed in partnership with one of the
University's potential tennis cham
pions, who is probably longing to get
acquainted with someone, too. Or, if
you know someone you want to play
with, think of all the people the two
of you can meet in the course of
competition!
The tournament is open to anyone
registered in the University. Lists
have been posted in both gyms, where
everyone wishing to enter the tourna
ment must sign up before Wednes
day, May 9. The partners, courts, and
time of the matches will be arranged
and posted the next day.
Something new in the wa of blind
dates is offering itself in the mixed
doubles tennis tournament that is
being arranged. Girls, here's your
chance! If you want to meet some
great big athlete, just sign up for the
tournament and you'll find yourself
placed in partnership with one of the
University's potential tennis cham
pions, who is probably longing to get
acquainted with someone, too. Or, if
you know someone you want to play
with, think of all the people the two
of you can meet in the course of
competition!
The tournament is open to anyone
registered in the University. Lists
have been posted in both gyms, where
everyone wishing to enter the tourna
ment must sign up before Wednes
day, May 9. The partners, courts, and
time of the matches will be arranged
and posted the next day.
Something new in the wa of blind
dates is offering itself in the mixed
doubles tennis tournament that is
being arranged. Girls, here's your
chance! If you want to meet some
great big athlete, just sign up for the
tournament and you'll find yourself
placed in partnership with one of the
University's potential tennis cham
pions, who is probably longing to get
acquainted with someone, too. Or, if
you know someone you want to play
with, think of all the people the two
of you can meet in the course of
competition!
The tournament is open to anyone
registered in the University. Lists
have been posted in both gyms, where
everyone wishing to enter the tourna
ment must sign up before Wednes
day, May 9. The partners, courts, and
time of the matches will be arranged
and posted the next day.
Something new in the wa of blind
dates is offering itself in the mixed
doubles tennis tournament that is
being arranged. Girls, here's your
chance! If you want to meet some
great big athlete, just sign up for the
tournament and you'll find yourself
placed in partnership with one of the
University's potential tennis cham
pions, who is probably longing to get
acquainted with someone, too. Or, if
you know someone you want to play
with, think of all the people the two
of you can meet in the course of
competition!
The tournament is open to anyone
registered in the University. Lists
have been posted in both gyms, where
everyone wishing to enter the tourna
ment must sign up before Wednes
day, May 9. The partners, courts, and
time of the matches will be arranged
and posted the next day.
Something new in the wa of blind
dates is offering itself in the mixed
doubles tennis tournament that is
being arranged. Girls, here's your
chance! If you want to meet some
great big athlete, just sign up for the
tournament and you'll find yourself
placed in partnership with one of the
University's potential tennis cham
pions, who is probably longing to get
acquainted with someone, too. Or, if
you know someone you want to play
with, think of all the people the two
of you can meet in the course of
competition!
The tournament is open to anyone
registered in the University. Lists
have been posted in both gyms, where
everyone wishing to enter the tourna
ment must sign up before Wednes
day, May 9. The partners, courts, and
time of the matches will be arranged
and posted the next day.
Something new in the wa of blind
dates is offering itself in the mixed
doubles tennis tournament that is
being arranged. Girls, here's your
chance! If you want to meet some
great big athlete, just sign up for the
tournament and you'll find yourself
placed in partnership with one of the
University's potential tennis cham
pions, who is probably longing to get
acquainted with someone, too. Or, if
you know someone you want to play
with, think of all the people the two
of you can meet in the course of
competition!
The tournament is open to anyone
registered in the University. Lists
have been posted in both gyms, where
everyone wishing to enter the tourna
ment must sign up before Wednes
day, May 9. The partners, courts, and
time of the matches will be arranged
and posted the next day.
Something new in the wa of blind
dates is offering itself in the mixed
doubles tennis tournament that is
being arranged. Girls, here's your
chance! If you want to meet some
great big athlete, just sign up for the
tournament and you'll find yourself
placed in partnership with one of the
University's potential tennis cham
pions, who is probably longing to get
acquainted with someone, too. Or, if
you know someone you want to play
with, think of all the people the two
of you can meet in the course of
competition!
The tournament is open to anyone
registered in the University. Lists
have been posted in both gyms, where
everyone wishing to enter the tourna
ment must sign up before Wednes
day, May 9. The partners, courts, and
time of the matches will be arranged
and posted the next day.
Something new in the wa of blind
dates is offering itself in the mixed
doubles tennis tournament that is
being arranged. Girls, here's your
chance! If you want to meet some
great big athlete, just sign up for the
tournament and you'll find yourself
placed in partnership with one of the
University's potential tennis cham
pions, who is probably longing to get
acquainted with someone, too. Or, if
you know someone you want to play
with, think of all the people the two
of you can meet in the course of
competition!
The tournament is open to anyone
registered in the University. Lists
have been posted in both gyms, where
everyone wishing to enter the tourna
ment must sign up before Wednes
day, May 9. The partners, courts, and
time of the matches will be arranged
and posted the next day.
Something new in the wa of blind
dates is offering itself in the mixed
doubles tennis tournament that is
being arranged. Girls, here's your
chance! If you want to meet some
great big athlete, just sign up for the
tournament and you'll find yourself
placed in partnership with one of the
University's potential tennis cham
pions, who is probably longing to get
acquainted with someone, too. Or, if
you know someone you want to play
with, think of all the people the two
of you can meet in the course of
competition!
The tournament is open to anyone
registered in the University. Lists
have been posted in both gyms, where
everyone wishing to enter the tourna
ment must sign up before Wednes
day, May 9. The partners, courts, and
time of the matches will be arranged
and posted the next day.
Something new in the wa of blind
dates is offering itself in the mixed
doubles tennis tournament that is
being arranged. Girls, here's your
chance! If you want to meet some
great big athlete, just sign up for the
tournament and you'll find yourself
placed in partnership with one of the
University's potential tennis cham
pions, who is probably longing to get
acquainted with someone, too. Or, if
you know someone you want to play
with, think of all the people the two
of you can meet in the course of
competition!
The tournament is open to anyone
registered in the University. Lists
have been posted in both gyms, where
everyone wishing to enter the tourna
ment must sign up before Wednes
day, May 9. The partners, courts, and
time of the matches will be arranged
and posted the next day.
Something new in the wa of blind
dates is offering itself in the mixed
doubles tennis tournament that is
being arranged. Girls, here's your
chance! If you want to meet some
great big athlete, just sign up for the
tournament and you'll find yourself
placed in partnership with one of the
University's potential tennis cham
pions, who is probably longing to get
acquainted with someone, too. Or, if
you know someone you want to play
with, think of all the people the two
of you can meet in the course of
competition!
The tournament is open to anyone
registered in the University. Lists
have been posted in both gyms, where
everyone wishing to enter the tourna
ment must sign up before Wednes
day, May 9. The partners, courts, and
time of the matches will be arranged
and posted the next day.
Something new in the wa of blind
dates is offering itself in the mixed
doubles tennis tournament that is
being arranged. Girls, here's your
chance! If you want to meet some
great big athlete, just sign up for the
tournament and you'll find yourself
placed in partnership with one of the
University's potential tennis cham
pions, who is probably longing to get
acquainted with someone, too. Or, if
you know someone you want to play
with, think of all the people the two
of you can meet in the course of
competition!
The tournament is open to anyone
registered in the University. Lists
have been posted in both gyms, where
everyone wishing to enter the tourna
ment must sign up before Wednes
day, May 9. The partners, courts, and
time of the matches will be arranged
and posted the next day.
Something new in the wa of blind
dates is offering itself in the mixed
doubles tennis tournament that is
being arranged. Girls, here's your
chance! If you want to meet some
great big athlete, just sign up for the
tournament and you'll find yourself
placed in partnership with one of the
University's potential tennis cham
pions, who is probably longing to get
acquainted with someone, too. Or, if
you know someone you want to play
with, think of all the people the two
of you can meet in the course of
competition!
The tournament is open to anyone
registered in the University. Lists
have been posted in both gyms, where
everyone wishing to enter the tourna
ment must sign up before Wednes
day, May 9. The partners, courts, and
time of the matches will be arranged
and posted the next day.
