# Dinner Honors Law Pioneers
## 
### 
Honoring Judge George E. Croth
ers. graduate of the pioneer law
class of '95, the Stanford Law As
sociation gave a banquet Thursday
attended by 400 persons at the
Fairmont Hotel in San Francisco.
The banquet was attended by no
tables in California law, most of
them Stanford graduates. Four
State Supreme Court justices were
present.
Moot Court awards were present
ed to Lucille Athearn and Robert
Fletcher. Miss Athearn had won the
award previously as a freshman.
Prizes were duo-pen desk sets.
Semi-finalists for (he same award
were Robert Steel and Joseph Wil
son.
H. Berlan Anderson anr 1 Frank
O'Neal received the Order of the
Coif, a scholarship award.
Honoring Judge George E. Croth
ers. graduate of the pioneer law
class of '95, the Stanford Law As
sociation gave a banquet Thursday
attended by 400 persons at the
Fairmont Hotel in San Francisco.
The banquet was attended by no
tables in California law, most of
them Stanford graduates. Four
State Supreme Court justices were
present.
Moot Court awards were present
ed to Lucille Athearn and Robert
Fletcher. Miss Athearn had won the
award previously as a freshman.
Prizes were duo-pen desk sets.
Semi-finalists for (he same award
were Robert Steel and Joseph Wil
son.
H. Berlan Anderson anr 1 Frank
O'Neal received the Order of the
Coif, a scholarship award.
Honoring Judge George E. Croth
ers. graduate of the pioneer law
class of '95, the Stanford Law As
sociation gave a banquet Thursday
attended by 400 persons at the
Fairmont Hotel in San Francisco.
The banquet was attended by no
tables in California law, most of
them Stanford graduates. Four
State Supreme Court justices were
present.
Moot Court awards were present
ed to Lucille Athearn and Robert
Fletcher. Miss Athearn had won the
award previously as a freshman.
Prizes were duo-pen desk sets.
Semi-finalists for (he same award
were Robert Steel and Joseph Wil
son.
H. Berlan Anderson anr 1 Frank
O'Neal received the Order of the
Coif, a scholarship award.
Honoring Judge George E. Croth
ers. graduate of the pioneer law
class of '95, the Stanford Law As
sociation gave a banquet Thursday
attended by 400 persons at the
Fairmont Hotel in San Francisco.
The banquet was attended by no
tables in California law, most of
them Stanford graduates. Four
State Supreme Court justices were
present.
Moot Court awards were present
ed to Lucille Athearn and Robert
Fletcher. Miss Athearn had won the
award previously as a freshman.
Prizes were duo-pen desk sets.
Semi-finalists for (he same award
were Robert Steel and Joseph Wil
son.
H. Berlan Anderson anr 1 Frank
O'Neal received the Order of the
Coif, a scholarship award.
Honoring Judge George E. Croth
ers. graduate of the pioneer law
class of '95, the Stanford Law As
sociation gave a banquet Thursday
attended by 400 persons at the
Fairmont Hotel in San Francisco.
The banquet was attended by no
tables in California law, most of
them Stanford graduates. Four
State Supreme Court justices were
present.
Moot Court awards were present
ed to Lucille Athearn and Robert
Fletcher. Miss Athearn had won the
award previously as a freshman.
Prizes were duo-pen desk sets.
Semi-finalists for (he same award
were Robert Steel and Joseph Wil
son.
H. Berlan Anderson anr 1 Frank
O'Neal received the Order of the
Coif, a scholarship award.
Honoring Judge George E. Croth
ers. graduate of the pioneer law
class of '95, the Stanford Law As
sociation gave a banquet Thursday
attended by 400 persons at the
Fairmont Hotel in San Francisco.
The banquet was attended by no
tables in California law, most of
them Stanford graduates. Four
State Supreme Court justices were
present.
Moot Court awards were present
ed to Lucille Athearn and Robert
Fletcher. Miss Athearn had won the
award previously as a freshman.
Prizes were duo-pen desk sets.
Semi-finalists for (he same award
were Robert Steel and Joseph Wil
son.
H. Berlan Anderson anr 1 Frank
O'Neal received the Order of the
Coif, a scholarship award.
Honoring Judge George E. Croth
ers. graduate of the pioneer law
class of '95, the Stanford Law As
sociation gave a banquet Thursday
attended by 400 persons at the
Fairmont Hotel in San Francisco.
The banquet was attended by no
tables in California law, most of
them Stanford graduates. Four
State Supreme Court justices were
present.
Moot Court awards were present
ed to Lucille Athearn and Robert
Fletcher. Miss Athearn had won the
award previously as a freshman.
Prizes were duo-pen desk sets.
Semi-finalists for (he same award
were Robert Steel and Joseph Wil
son.
H. Berlan Anderson anr 1 Frank
O'Neal received the Order of the
Coif, a scholarship award.
Honoring Judge George E. Croth
ers. graduate of the pioneer law
class of '95, the Stanford Law As
sociation gave a banquet Thursday
attended by 400 persons at the
Fairmont Hotel in San Francisco.
The banquet was attended by no
tables in California law, most of
them Stanford graduates. Four
State Supreme Court justices were
present.
Moot Court awards were present
ed to Lucille Athearn and Robert
Fletcher. Miss Athearn had won the
award previously as a freshman.
Prizes were duo-pen desk sets.
Semi-finalists for (he same award
were Robert Steel and Joseph Wil
son.
H. Berlan Anderson anr 1 Frank
O'Neal received the Order of the
Coif, a scholarship award.
Honoring Judge George E. Croth
ers. graduate of the pioneer law
class of '95, the Stanford Law As
sociation gave a banquet Thursday
attended by 400 persons at the
Fairmont Hotel in San Francisco.
The banquet was attended by no
tables in California law, most of
them Stanford graduates. Four
State Supreme Court justices were
present.
Moot Court awards were present
ed to Lucille Athearn and Robert
Fletcher. Miss Athearn had won the
award previously as a freshman.
Prizes were duo-pen desk sets.
Semi-finalists for (he same award
were Robert Steel and Joseph Wil
son.
H. Berlan Anderson anr 1 Frank
O'Neal received the Order of the
Coif, a scholarship award.
Honoring Judge George E. Croth
ers. graduate of the pioneer law
class of '95, the Stanford Law As
sociation gave a banquet Thursday
attended by 400 persons at the
Fairmont Hotel in San Francisco.
The banquet was attended by no
tables in California law, most of
them Stanford graduates. Four
State Supreme Court justices were
present.
Moot Court awards were present
ed to Lucille Athearn and Robert
Fletcher. Miss Athearn had won the
award previously as a freshman.
Prizes were duo-pen desk sets.
Semi-finalists for (he same award
were Robert Steel and Joseph Wil
son.
H. Berlan Anderson anr 1 Frank
O'Neal received the Order of the
Coif, a scholarship award.
Honoring Judge George E. Croth
ers. graduate of the pioneer law
class of '95, the Stanford Law As
sociation gave a banquet Thursday
attended by 400 persons at the
Fairmont Hotel in San Francisco.
The banquet was attended by no
tables in California law, most of
them Stanford graduates. Four
State Supreme Court justices were
present.
Moot Court awards were present
ed to Lucille Athearn and Robert
Fletcher. Miss Athearn had won the
award previously as a freshman.
Prizes were duo-pen desk sets.
Semi-finalists for (he same award
were Robert Steel and Joseph Wil
son.
H. Berlan Anderson anr 1 Frank
O'Neal received the Order of the
Coif, a scholarship award.
Honoring Judge George E. Croth
ers. graduate of the pioneer law
class of '95, the Stanford Law As
sociation gave a banquet Thursday
attended by 400 persons at the
Fairmont Hotel in San Francisco.
The banquet was attended by no
tables in California law, most of
them Stanford graduates. Four
State Supreme Court justices were
present.
Moot Court awards were present
ed to Lucille Athearn and Robert
Fletcher. Miss Athearn had won the
award previously as a freshman.
Prizes were duo-pen desk sets.
Semi-finalists for (he same award
were Robert Steel and Joseph Wil
son.
H. Berlan Anderson anr 1 Frank
O'Neal received the Order of the
Coif, a scholarship award.
Honoring Judge George E. Croth
ers. graduate of the pioneer law
class of '95, the Stanford Law As
sociation gave a banquet Thursday
attended by 400 persons at the
Fairmont Hotel in San Francisco.
The banquet was attended by no
tables in California law, most of
them Stanford graduates. Four
State Supreme Court justices were
present.
Moot Court awards were present
ed to Lucille Athearn and Robert
Fletcher. Miss Athearn had won the
award previously as a freshman.
Prizes were duo-pen desk sets.
Semi-finalists for (he same award
were Robert Steel and Joseph Wil
son.
H. Berlan Anderson anr 1 Frank
O'Neal received the Order of the
Coif, a scholarship award.
Honoring Judge George E. Croth
ers. graduate of the pioneer law
class of '95, the Stanford Law As
sociation gave a banquet Thursday
attended by 400 persons at the
Fairmont Hotel in San Francisco.
The banquet was attended by no
tables in California law, most of
them Stanford graduates. Four
State Supreme Court justices were
present.
Moot Court awards were present
ed to Lucille Athearn and Robert
Fletcher. Miss Athearn had won the
award previously as a freshman.
Prizes were duo-pen desk sets.
Semi-finalists for (he same award
were Robert Steel and Joseph Wil
son.
H. Berlan Anderson anr 1 Frank
O'Neal received the Order of the
Coif, a scholarship award.
Honoring Judge George E. Croth
ers. graduate of the pioneer law
class of '95, the Stanford Law As
sociation gave a banquet Thursday
attended by 400 persons at the
Fairmont Hotel in San Francisco.
The banquet was attended by no
tables in California law, most of
them Stanford graduates. Four
State Supreme Court justices were
present.
Moot Court awards were present
ed to Lucille Athearn and Robert
Fletcher. Miss Athearn had won the
award previously as a freshman.
Prizes were duo-pen desk sets.
Semi-finalists for (he same award
were Robert Steel and Joseph Wil
son.
H. Berlan Anderson anr 1 Frank
O'Neal received the Order of the
Coif, a scholarship award.
