# Pacific Rail Tie-Up Eases as Crews Report
## 
### 
It was full steam ahead along the
entire length of the Pacific Coast
Sunday night' from the Mexican
border to the Northwest as passen
ger and freight trains rolled again
at near-schedule operations follow
ing settlement of the nationwide
railroad tie-up Saturday.
West Coast railroad officials de
clared that all schedules would be
operating at normal early today as
more and more train crews reported
for work and hastened the flow of
vital perishables and foodstuffs to
congested areas hard hit by the
two-dav strike.
It was full steam ahead along the
entire length of the Pacific Coast
Sunday night' from the Mexican
border to the Northwest as passen
ger and freight trains rolled again
at near-schedule operations follow
ing settlement of the nationwide
railroad tie-up Saturday.
West Coast railroad officials de
clared that all schedules would be
operating at normal early today as
more and more train crews reported
for work and hastened the flow of
vital perishables and foodstuffs to
congested areas hard hit by the
two-dav strike.
It was full steam ahead along the
entire length of the Pacific Coast
Sunday night' from the Mexican
border to the Northwest as passen
ger and freight trains rolled again
at near-schedule operations follow
ing settlement of the nationwide
railroad tie-up Saturday.
West Coast railroad officials de
clared that all schedules would be
operating at normal early today as
more and more train crews reported
for work and hastened the flow of
vital perishables and foodstuffs to
congested areas hard hit by the
two-dav strike.
It was full steam ahead along the
entire length of the Pacific Coast
Sunday night' from the Mexican
border to the Northwest as passen
ger and freight trains rolled again
at near-schedule operations follow
ing settlement of the nationwide
railroad tie-up Saturday.
West Coast railroad officials de
clared that all schedules would be
operating at normal early today as
more and more train crews reported
for work and hastened the flow of
vital perishables and foodstuffs to
congested areas hard hit by the
two-dav strike.
It was full steam ahead along the
entire length of the Pacific Coast
Sunday night' from the Mexican
border to the Northwest as passen
ger and freight trains rolled again
at near-schedule operations follow
ing settlement of the nationwide
railroad tie-up Saturday.
West Coast railroad officials de
clared that all schedules would be
operating at normal early today as
more and more train crews reported
for work and hastened the flow of
vital perishables and foodstuffs to
congested areas hard hit by the
two-dav strike.
It was full steam ahead along the
entire length of the Pacific Coast
Sunday night' from the Mexican
border to the Northwest as passen
ger and freight trains rolled again
at near-schedule operations follow
ing settlement of the nationwide
railroad tie-up Saturday.
West Coast railroad officials de
clared that all schedules would be
operating at normal early today as
more and more train crews reported
for work and hastened the flow of
vital perishables and foodstuffs to
congested areas hard hit by the
two-dav strike.
It was full steam ahead along the
entire length of the Pacific Coast
Sunday night' from the Mexican
border to the Northwest as passen
ger and freight trains rolled again
at near-schedule operations follow
ing settlement of the nationwide
railroad tie-up Saturday.
West Coast railroad officials de
clared that all schedules would be
operating at normal early today as
more and more train crews reported
for work and hastened the flow of
vital perishables and foodstuffs to
congested areas hard hit by the
two-dav strike.
It was full steam ahead along the
entire length of the Pacific Coast
Sunday night' from the Mexican
border to the Northwest as passen
ger and freight trains rolled again
at near-schedule operations follow
ing settlement of the nationwide
railroad tie-up Saturday.
West Coast railroad officials de
clared that all schedules would be
operating at normal early today as
more and more train crews reported
for work and hastened the flow of
vital perishables and foodstuffs to
congested areas hard hit by the
two-dav strike.
It was full steam ahead along the
entire length of the Pacific Coast
Sunday night' from the Mexican
border to the Northwest as passen
ger and freight trains rolled again
at near-schedule operations follow
ing settlement of the nationwide
railroad tie-up Saturday.
West Coast railroad officials de
clared that all schedules would be
operating at normal early today as
more and more train crews reported
for work and hastened the flow of
vital perishables and foodstuffs to
congested areas hard hit by the
two-dav strike.
It was full steam ahead along the
entire length of the Pacific Coast
Sunday night' from the Mexican
border to the Northwest as passen
ger and freight trains rolled again
at near-schedule operations follow
ing settlement of the nationwide
railroad tie-up Saturday.
West Coast railroad officials de
clared that all schedules would be
operating at normal early today as
more and more train crews reported
for work and hastened the flow of
vital perishables and foodstuffs to
congested areas hard hit by the
two-dav strike.
It was full steam ahead along the
entire length of the Pacific Coast
Sunday night' from the Mexican
border to the Northwest as passen
ger and freight trains rolled again
at near-schedule operations follow
ing settlement of the nationwide
railroad tie-up Saturday.
West Coast railroad officials de
clared that all schedules would be
operating at normal early today as
more and more train crews reported
for work and hastened the flow of
vital perishables and foodstuffs to
congested areas hard hit by the
two-dav strike.
It was full steam ahead along the
entire length of the Pacific Coast
Sunday night' from the Mexican
border to the Northwest as passen
ger and freight trains rolled again
at near-schedule operations follow
ing settlement of the nationwide
railroad tie-up Saturday.
West Coast railroad officials de
clared that all schedules would be
operating at normal early today as
more and more train crews reported
for work and hastened the flow of
vital perishables and foodstuffs to
congested areas hard hit by the
two-dav strike.
It was full steam ahead along the
entire length of the Pacific Coast
Sunday night' from the Mexican
border to the Northwest as passen
ger and freight trains rolled again
at near-schedule operations follow
ing settlement of the nationwide
railroad tie-up Saturday.
West Coast railroad officials de
clared that all schedules would be
operating at normal early today as
more and more train crews reported
for work and hastened the flow of
vital perishables and foodstuffs to
congested areas hard hit by the
two-dav strike.
It was full steam ahead along the
entire length of the Pacific Coast
Sunday night' from the Mexican
border to the Northwest as passen
ger and freight trains rolled again
at near-schedule operations follow
ing settlement of the nationwide
railroad tie-up Saturday.
West Coast railroad officials de
clared that all schedules would be
operating at normal early today as
more and more train crews reported
for work and hastened the flow of
vital perishables and foodstuffs to
congested areas hard hit by the
two-dav strike.
It was full steam ahead along the
entire length of the Pacific Coast
Sunday night' from the Mexican
border to the Northwest as passen
ger and freight trains rolled again
at near-schedule operations follow
ing settlement of the nationwide
railroad tie-up Saturday.
West Coast railroad officials de
clared that all schedules would be
operating at normal early today as
more and more train crews reported
for work and hastened the flow of
vital perishables and foodstuffs to
congested areas hard hit by the
two-dav strike.
