# MacVicar, Shelton Compete for Editor
## 
### 
Competing in an election tomor
row for editor of Volume 110, the
Stanford Daily, will be Beth Mac-
Vicar and .Ylcllon Shelton, asso
ciate editors, Volume 100. Voting
will take place from Ito p.m.
at the Daily Shack, under the di
rection of Election Board Chair
man Carl Burke.
Miss Mac Vicar, a first - quarter
senior, was graduated from Ta
malpais High School in Marin
County, and comes from Belve
dere, Calif. Miss Shelton was also
graduated from Tamalpais and
lives in Mill Valley. She is a
third-quarter junior.
All Daily editorial staff mem
bers are asked to the voting
eligibility list on the bulletin
board by 5 p.m. today. Appoint
ments and promotions will be an
nounced simultaneously tomorrow
after p.m.
Competing in an election tomor
row for editor of Volume 110, the
Stanford Daily, will be Beth Mac-
Vicar and .Ylcllon Shelton, asso
ciate editors, Volume 100. Voting
will take place from Ito p.m.
at the Daily Shack, under the di
rection of Election Board Chair
man Carl Burke.
Miss Mac Vicar, a first - quarter
senior, was graduated from Ta
malpais High School in Marin
County, and comes from Belve
dere, Calif. Miss Shelton was also
graduated from Tamalpais and
lives in Mill Valley. She is a
third-quarter junior.
All Daily editorial staff mem
bers are asked to the voting
eligibility list on the bulletin
board by 5 p.m. today. Appoint
ments and promotions will be an
nounced simultaneously tomorrow
after p.m.
Competing in an election tomor
row for editor of Volume 110, the
Stanford Daily, will be Beth Mac-
Vicar and .Ylcllon Shelton, asso
ciate editors, Volume 100. Voting
will take place from Ito p.m.
at the Daily Shack, under the di
rection of Election Board Chair
man Carl Burke.
Miss Mac Vicar, a first - quarter
senior, was graduated from Ta
malpais High School in Marin
County, and comes from Belve
dere, Calif. Miss Shelton was also
graduated from Tamalpais and
lives in Mill Valley. She is a
third-quarter junior.
All Daily editorial staff mem
bers are asked to the voting
eligibility list on the bulletin
board by 5 p.m. today. Appoint
ments and promotions will be an
nounced simultaneously tomorrow
after p.m.
Competing in an election tomor
row for editor of Volume 110, the
Stanford Daily, will be Beth Mac-
Vicar and .Ylcllon Shelton, asso
ciate editors, Volume 100. Voting
will take place from Ito p.m.
at the Daily Shack, under the di
rection of Election Board Chair
man Carl Burke.
Miss Mac Vicar, a first - quarter
senior, was graduated from Ta
malpais High School in Marin
County, and comes from Belve
dere, Calif. Miss Shelton was also
graduated from Tamalpais and
lives in Mill Valley. She is a
third-quarter junior.
All Daily editorial staff mem
bers are asked to the voting
eligibility list on the bulletin
board by 5 p.m. today. Appoint
ments and promotions will be an
nounced simultaneously tomorrow
after p.m.
Competing in an election tomor
row for editor of Volume 110, the
Stanford Daily, will be Beth Mac-
Vicar and .Ylcllon Shelton, asso
ciate editors, Volume 100. Voting
will take place from Ito p.m.
at the Daily Shack, under the di
rection of Election Board Chair
man Carl Burke.
Miss Mac Vicar, a first - quarter
senior, was graduated from Ta
malpais High School in Marin
County, and comes from Belve
dere, Calif. Miss Shelton was also
graduated from Tamalpais and
lives in Mill Valley. She is a
third-quarter junior.
All Daily editorial staff mem
bers are asked to the voting
eligibility list on the bulletin
board by 5 p.m. today. Appoint
ments and promotions will be an
nounced simultaneously tomorrow
after p.m.
Competing in an election tomor
row for editor of Volume 110, the
Stanford Daily, will be Beth Mac-
Vicar and .Ylcllon Shelton, asso
ciate editors, Volume 100. Voting
will take place from Ito p.m.
at the Daily Shack, under the di
rection of Election Board Chair
man Carl Burke.
Miss Mac Vicar, a first - quarter
senior, was graduated from Ta
malpais High School in Marin
County, and comes from Belve
dere, Calif. Miss Shelton was also
graduated from Tamalpais and
lives in Mill Valley. She is a
third-quarter junior.
All Daily editorial staff mem
bers are asked to the voting
eligibility list on the bulletin
board by 5 p.m. today. Appoint
ments and promotions will be an
nounced simultaneously tomorrow
after p.m.
Competing in an election tomor
row for editor of Volume 110, the
Stanford Daily, will be Beth Mac-
Vicar and .Ylcllon Shelton, asso
ciate editors, Volume 100. Voting
will take place from Ito p.m.
at the Daily Shack, under the di
rection of Election Board Chair
man Carl Burke.
Miss Mac Vicar, a first - quarter
senior, was graduated from Ta
malpais High School in Marin
County, and comes from Belve
dere, Calif. Miss Shelton was also
graduated from Tamalpais and
lives in Mill Valley. She is a
third-quarter junior.
All Daily editorial staff mem
bers are asked to the voting
eligibility list on the bulletin
board by 5 p.m. today. Appoint
ments and promotions will be an
nounced simultaneously tomorrow
after p.m.
Competing in an election tomor
row for editor of Volume 110, the
Stanford Daily, will be Beth Mac-
Vicar and .Ylcllon Shelton, asso
ciate editors, Volume 100. Voting
will take place from Ito p.m.
at the Daily Shack, under the di
rection of Election Board Chair
man Carl Burke.
Miss Mac Vicar, a first - quarter
senior, was graduated from Ta
malpais High School in Marin
County, and comes from Belve
dere, Calif. Miss Shelton was also
graduated from Tamalpais and
lives in Mill Valley. She is a
third-quarter junior.
All Daily editorial staff mem
bers are asked to the voting
eligibility list on the bulletin
board by 5 p.m. today. Appoint
ments and promotions will be an
nounced simultaneously tomorrow
after p.m.
Competing in an election tomor
row for editor of Volume 110, the
Stanford Daily, will be Beth Mac-
Vicar and .Ylcllon Shelton, asso
ciate editors, Volume 100. Voting
will take place from Ito p.m.
at the Daily Shack, under the di
rection of Election Board Chair
man Carl Burke.
Miss Mac Vicar, a first - quarter
senior, was graduated from Ta
malpais High School in Marin
County, and comes from Belve
dere, Calif. Miss Shelton was also
graduated from Tamalpais and
lives in Mill Valley. She is a
third-quarter junior.
All Daily editorial staff mem
bers are asked to the voting
eligibility list on the bulletin
board by 5 p.m. today. Appoint
ments and promotions will be an
nounced simultaneously tomorrow
after p.m.
Competing in an election tomor
row for editor of Volume 110, the
Stanford Daily, will be Beth Mac-
Vicar and .Ylcllon Shelton, asso
ciate editors, Volume 100. Voting
will take place from Ito p.m.
at the Daily Shack, under the di
rection of Election Board Chair
man Carl Burke.
Miss Mac Vicar, a first - quarter
senior, was graduated from Ta
malpais High School in Marin
County, and comes from Belve
dere, Calif. Miss Shelton was also
graduated from Tamalpais and
lives in Mill Valley. She is a
third-quarter junior.
All Daily editorial staff mem
bers are asked to the voting
eligibility list on the bulletin
board by 5 p.m. today. Appoint
ments and promotions will be an
nounced simultaneously tomorrow
after p.m.
Competing in an election tomor
row for editor of Volume 110, the
Stanford Daily, will be Beth Mac-
Vicar and .Ylcllon Shelton, asso
ciate editors, Volume 100. Voting
will take place from Ito p.m.
at the Daily Shack, under the di
rection of Election Board Chair
man Carl Burke.
Miss Mac Vicar, a first - quarter
senior, was graduated from Ta
malpais High School in Marin
County, and comes from Belve
dere, Calif. Miss Shelton was also
graduated from Tamalpais and
lives in Mill Valley. She is a
third-quarter junior.
All Daily editorial staff mem
bers are asked to the voting
eligibility list on the bulletin
board by 5 p.m. today. Appoint
ments and promotions will be an
nounced simultaneously tomorrow
after p.m.
Competing in an election tomor
row for editor of Volume 110, the
Stanford Daily, will be Beth Mac-
Vicar and .Ylcllon Shelton, asso
ciate editors, Volume 100. Voting
will take place from Ito p.m.
at the Daily Shack, under the di
rection of Election Board Chair
man Carl Burke.
Miss Mac Vicar, a first - quarter
senior, was graduated from Ta
malpais High School in Marin
County, and comes from Belve
dere, Calif. Miss Shelton was also
graduated from Tamalpais and
lives in Mill Valley. She is a
third-quarter junior.
All Daily editorial staff mem
bers are asked to the voting
eligibility list on the bulletin
board by 5 p.m. today. Appoint
ments and promotions will be an
nounced simultaneously tomorrow
after p.m.
Competing in an election tomor
row for editor of Volume 110, the
Stanford Daily, will be Beth Mac-
Vicar and .Ylcllon Shelton, asso
ciate editors, Volume 100. Voting
will take place from Ito p.m.
at the Daily Shack, under the di
rection of Election Board Chair
man Carl Burke.
Miss Mac Vicar, a first - quarter
senior, was graduated from Ta
malpais High School in Marin
County, and comes from Belve
dere, Calif. Miss Shelton was also
graduated from Tamalpais and
lives in Mill Valley. She is a
third-quarter junior.
All Daily editorial staff mem
bers are asked to the voting
eligibility list on the bulletin
board by 5 p.m. today. Appoint
ments and promotions will be an
nounced simultaneously tomorrow
after p.m.
Competing in an election tomor
row for editor of Volume 110, the
Stanford Daily, will be Beth Mac-
Vicar and .Ylcllon Shelton, asso
ciate editors, Volume 100. Voting
will take place from Ito p.m.
at the Daily Shack, under the di
rection of Election Board Chair
man Carl Burke.
Miss Mac Vicar, a first - quarter
senior, was graduated from Ta
malpais High School in Marin
County, and comes from Belve
dere, Calif. Miss Shelton was also
graduated from Tamalpais and
lives in Mill Valley. She is a
third-quarter junior.
All Daily editorial staff mem
bers are asked to the voting
eligibility list on the bulletin
board by 5 p.m. today. Appoint
ments and promotions will be an
nounced simultaneously tomorrow
after p.m.
Competing in an election tomor
row for editor of Volume 110, the
Stanford Daily, will be Beth Mac-
Vicar and .Ylcllon Shelton, asso
ciate editors, Volume 100. Voting
will take place from Ito p.m.
at the Daily Shack, under the di
rection of Election Board Chair
man Carl Burke.
Miss Mac Vicar, a first - quarter
senior, was graduated from Ta
malpais High School in Marin
County, and comes from Belve
dere, Calif. Miss Shelton was also
graduated from Tamalpais and
lives in Mill Valley. She is a
third-quarter junior.
All Daily editorial staff mem
bers are asked to the voting
eligibility list on the bulletin
board by 5 p.m. today. Appoint
ments and promotions will be an
nounced simultaneously tomorrow
after p.m.
