# NEW PEACE PLAN IS PROPOSED BY LEAGUE
## 
### 
GENEVA. Feb. 22—(U.P.) — The
League of Nations' Security Commis
sion today appointed a committee to
prepare the final text of the commis
sion's security proposals which, it is
hoped, will lead to practical disarma
ment and reduce the possibility of
war.
Just before appointment of the com
mittee, Germany's delegate proposed
that all nations sign the treaty where
by they will abide by the League
Council's decision on disputes which
held the menace of war and would
accept the Council's recommendations
for armistice if war actually had
started.
GENEVA. Feb. 22—(U.P.) — The
League of Nations' Security Commis
sion today appointed a committee to
prepare the final text of the commis
sion's security proposals which, it is
hoped, will lead to practical disarma
ment and reduce the possibility of
war.
Just before appointment of the com
mittee, Germany's delegate proposed
that all nations sign the treaty where
by they will abide by the League
Council's decision on disputes which
held the menace of war and would
accept the Council's recommendations
for armistice if war actually had
started.
GENEVA. Feb. 22—(U.P.) — The
League of Nations' Security Commis
sion today appointed a committee to
prepare the final text of the commis
sion's security proposals which, it is
hoped, will lead to practical disarma
ment and reduce the possibility of
war.
Just before appointment of the com
mittee, Germany's delegate proposed
that all nations sign the treaty where
by they will abide by the League
Council's decision on disputes which
held the menace of war and would
accept the Council's recommendations
for armistice if war actually had
started.
GENEVA. Feb. 22—(U.P.) — The
League of Nations' Security Commis
sion today appointed a committee to
prepare the final text of the commis
sion's security proposals which, it is
hoped, will lead to practical disarma
ment and reduce the possibility of
war.
Just before appointment of the com
mittee, Germany's delegate proposed
that all nations sign the treaty where
by they will abide by the League
Council's decision on disputes which
held the menace of war and would
accept the Council's recommendations
for armistice if war actually had
started.
GENEVA. Feb. 22—(U.P.) — The
League of Nations' Security Commis
sion today appointed a committee to
prepare the final text of the commis
sion's security proposals which, it is
hoped, will lead to practical disarma
ment and reduce the possibility of
war.
Just before appointment of the com
mittee, Germany's delegate proposed
that all nations sign the treaty where
by they will abide by the League
Council's decision on disputes which
held the menace of war and would
accept the Council's recommendations
for armistice if war actually had
started.
GENEVA. Feb. 22—(U.P.) — The
League of Nations' Security Commis
sion today appointed a committee to
prepare the final text of the commis
sion's security proposals which, it is
hoped, will lead to practical disarma
ment and reduce the possibility of
war.
Just before appointment of the com
mittee, Germany's delegate proposed
that all nations sign the treaty where
by they will abide by the League
Council's decision on disputes which
held the menace of war and would
accept the Council's recommendations
for armistice if war actually had
started.
GENEVA. Feb. 22—(U.P.) — The
League of Nations' Security Commis
sion today appointed a committee to
prepare the final text of the commis
sion's security proposals which, it is
hoped, will lead to practical disarma
ment and reduce the possibility of
war.
Just before appointment of the com
mittee, Germany's delegate proposed
that all nations sign the treaty where
by they will abide by the League
Council's decision on disputes which
held the menace of war and would
accept the Council's recommendations
for armistice if war actually had
started.
GENEVA. Feb. 22—(U.P.) — The
League of Nations' Security Commis
sion today appointed a committee to
prepare the final text of the commis
sion's security proposals which, it is
hoped, will lead to practical disarma
ment and reduce the possibility of
war.
Just before appointment of the com
mittee, Germany's delegate proposed
that all nations sign the treaty where
by they will abide by the League
Council's decision on disputes which
held the menace of war and would
accept the Council's recommendations
for armistice if war actually had
started.
GENEVA. Feb. 22—(U.P.) — The
League of Nations' Security Commis
sion today appointed a committee to
prepare the final text of the commis
sion's security proposals which, it is
hoped, will lead to practical disarma
ment and reduce the possibility of
war.
Just before appointment of the com
mittee, Germany's delegate proposed
that all nations sign the treaty where
by they will abide by the League
Council's decision on disputes which
held the menace of war and would
accept the Council's recommendations
for armistice if war actually had
started.
GENEVA. Feb. 22—(U.P.) — The
League of Nations' Security Commis
sion today appointed a committee to
prepare the final text of the commis
sion's security proposals which, it is
hoped, will lead to practical disarma
ment and reduce the possibility of
war.
Just before appointment of the com
mittee, Germany's delegate proposed
that all nations sign the treaty where
by they will abide by the League
Council's decision on disputes which
held the menace of war and would
accept the Council's recommendations
for armistice if war actually had
started.
GENEVA. Feb. 22—(U.P.) — The
League of Nations' Security Commis
sion today appointed a committee to
prepare the final text of the commis
sion's security proposals which, it is
hoped, will lead to practical disarma
ment and reduce the possibility of
war.
Just before appointment of the com
mittee, Germany's delegate proposed
that all nations sign the treaty where
by they will abide by the League
Council's decision on disputes which
held the menace of war and would
accept the Council's recommendations
for armistice if war actually had
started.
GENEVA. Feb. 22—(U.P.) — The
League of Nations' Security Commis
sion today appointed a committee to
prepare the final text of the commis
sion's security proposals which, it is
hoped, will lead to practical disarma
ment and reduce the possibility of
war.
Just before appointment of the com
mittee, Germany's delegate proposed
that all nations sign the treaty where
by they will abide by the League
Council's decision on disputes which
held the menace of war and would
accept the Council's recommendations
for armistice if war actually had
started.
GENEVA. Feb. 22—(U.P.) — The
League of Nations' Security Commis
sion today appointed a committee to
prepare the final text of the commis
sion's security proposals which, it is
hoped, will lead to practical disarma
ment and reduce the possibility of
war.
Just before appointment of the com
mittee, Germany's delegate proposed
that all nations sign the treaty where
by they will abide by the League
Council's decision on disputes which
held the menace of war and would
accept the Council's recommendations
for armistice if war actually had
started.
GENEVA. Feb. 22—(U.P.) — The
League of Nations' Security Commis
sion today appointed a committee to
prepare the final text of the commis
sion's security proposals which, it is
hoped, will lead to practical disarma
ment and reduce the possibility of
war.
Just before appointment of the com
mittee, Germany's delegate proposed
that all nations sign the treaty where
by they will abide by the League
Council's decision on disputes which
held the menace of war and would
accept the Council's recommendations
for armistice if war actually had
started.
GENEVA. Feb. 22—(U.P.) — The
League of Nations' Security Commis
sion today appointed a committee to
prepare the final text of the commis
sion's security proposals which, it is
hoped, will lead to practical disarma
ment and reduce the possibility of
war.
Just before appointment of the com
mittee, Germany's delegate proposed
that all nations sign the treaty where
by they will abide by the League
Council's decision on disputes which
held the menace of war and would
accept the Council's recommendations
for armistice if war actually had
started.
GENEVA. Feb. 22—(U.P.) — The
League of Nations' Security Commis
sion today appointed a committee to
prepare the final text of the commis
sion's security proposals which, it is
hoped, will lead to practical disarma
ment and reduce the possibility of
war.
Just before appointment of the com
mittee, Germany's delegate proposed
that all nations sign the treaty where
by they will abide by the League
Council's decision on disputes which
held the menace of war and would
accept the Council's recommendations
for armistice if war actually had
started.
