# Terman to Go to Boston Education Society Meeting
## 
### 
Dr. Lewis M. Terman, of the Psych
ology department, left last week foi
Boston where he will attend the Na
tional Society for the Study of Educa
tion. He is the chairman of the com
mittee that is to publish the year
book, and will also give an address
He expects to return in three weeks
Dr. Lewis M. Terman, of the Psych
ology department, left last week foi
Boston where he will attend the Na
tional Society for the Study of Educa
tion. He is the chairman of the com
mittee that is to publish the year
book, and will also give an address
He expects to return in three weeks
Dr. Lewis M. Terman, of the Psych
ology department, left last week foi
Boston where he will attend the Na
tional Society for the Study of Educa
tion. He is the chairman of the com
mittee that is to publish the year
book, and will also give an address
He expects to return in three weeks
Dr. Lewis M. Terman, of the Psych
ology department, left last week foi
Boston where he will attend the Na
tional Society for the Study of Educa
tion. He is the chairman of the com
mittee that is to publish the year
book, and will also give an address
He expects to return in three weeks
Dr. Lewis M. Terman, of the Psych
ology department, left last week foi
Boston where he will attend the Na
tional Society for the Study of Educa
tion. He is the chairman of the com
mittee that is to publish the year
book, and will also give an address
He expects to return in three weeks
Dr. Lewis M. Terman, of the Psych
ology department, left last week foi
Boston where he will attend the Na
tional Society for the Study of Educa
tion. He is the chairman of the com
mittee that is to publish the year
book, and will also give an address
He expects to return in three weeks
Dr. Lewis M. Terman, of the Psych
ology department, left last week foi
Boston where he will attend the Na
tional Society for the Study of Educa
tion. He is the chairman of the com
mittee that is to publish the year
book, and will also give an address
He expects to return in three weeks
Dr. Lewis M. Terman, of the Psych
ology department, left last week foi
Boston where he will attend the Na
tional Society for the Study of Educa
tion. He is the chairman of the com
mittee that is to publish the year
book, and will also give an address
He expects to return in three weeks
Dr. Lewis M. Terman, of the Psych
ology department, left last week foi
Boston where he will attend the Na
tional Society for the Study of Educa
tion. He is the chairman of the com
mittee that is to publish the year
book, and will also give an address
He expects to return in three weeks
Dr. Lewis M. Terman, of the Psych
ology department, left last week foi
Boston where he will attend the Na
tional Society for the Study of Educa
tion. He is the chairman of the com
mittee that is to publish the year
book, and will also give an address
He expects to return in three weeks
Dr. Lewis M. Terman, of the Psych
ology department, left last week foi
Boston where he will attend the Na
tional Society for the Study of Educa
tion. He is the chairman of the com
mittee that is to publish the year
book, and will also give an address
He expects to return in three weeks
Dr. Lewis M. Terman, of the Psych
ology department, left last week foi
Boston where he will attend the Na
tional Society for the Study of Educa
tion. He is the chairman of the com
mittee that is to publish the year
book, and will also give an address
He expects to return in three weeks
Dr. Lewis M. Terman, of the Psych
ology department, left last week foi
Boston where he will attend the Na
tional Society for the Study of Educa
tion. He is the chairman of the com
mittee that is to publish the year
book, and will also give an address
He expects to return in three weeks
Dr. Lewis M. Terman, of the Psych
ology department, left last week foi
Boston where he will attend the Na
tional Society for the Study of Educa
tion. He is the chairman of the com
mittee that is to publish the year
book, and will also give an address
He expects to return in three weeks
Dr. Lewis M. Terman, of the Psych
ology department, left last week foi
Boston where he will attend the Na
tional Society for the Study of Educa
tion. He is the chairman of the com
mittee that is to publish the year
book, and will also give an address
He expects to return in three weeks
Dr. Lewis M. Terman, of the Psych
ology department, left last week foi
Boston where he will attend the Na
tional Society for the Study of Educa
tion. He is the chairman of the com
mittee that is to publish the year
book, and will also give an address
He expects to return in three weeks
