# "Stanford Alumnus" Out.
## 
### 
Number 3, Volume F, of The
Stanford Alumnus iB just out.
This time it comes from the press
of a San Jose printer. Warren
Hull, Law '99, appears as business
manager with offices in Ban Jose,
which are to be removed soon to
the Flood building in San Fran
cisco. The number contains the
usual "News of the Faculty,"
"General University News," ''News
of Alumni and Former Students,"

and also an article on "President
Wheeler's Welcome and Inaugura
tion." The number is thoroughly
valuable and shows increasing
prosperity.
Number 3, Volume F, of The
Stanford Alumnus iB just out.
This time it comes from the press
of a San Jose printer. Warren
Hull, Law '99, appears as business
manager with offices in Ban Jose,
which are to be removed soon to
the Flood building in San Fran
cisco. The number contains the
usual "News of the Faculty,"
"General University News," ''News
of Alumni and Former Students,"

and also an article on "President
Wheeler's Welcome and Inaugura
tion." The number is thoroughly
valuable and shows increasing
prosperity.
Number 3, Volume F, of The
Stanford Alumnus iB just out.
This time it comes from the press
of a San Jose printer. Warren
Hull, Law '99, appears as business
manager with offices in Ban Jose,
which are to be removed soon to
the Flood building in San Fran
cisco. The number contains the
usual "News of the Faculty,"
"General University News," ''News
of Alumni and Former Students,"

and also an article on "President
Wheeler's Welcome and Inaugura
tion." The number is thoroughly
valuable and shows increasing
prosperity.
Number 3, Volume F, of The
Stanford Alumnus iB just out.
This time it comes from the press
of a San Jose printer. Warren
Hull, Law '99, appears as business
manager with offices in Ban Jose,
which are to be removed soon to
the Flood building in San Fran
cisco. The number contains the
usual "News of the Faculty,"
"General University News," ''News
of Alumni and Former Students,"

and also an article on "President
Wheeler's Welcome and Inaugura
tion." The number is thoroughly
valuable and shows increasing
prosperity.
Number 3, Volume F, of The
Stanford Alumnus iB just out.
This time it comes from the press
of a San Jose printer. Warren
Hull, Law '99, appears as business
manager with offices in Ban Jose,
which are to be removed soon to
the Flood building in San Fran
cisco. The number contains the
usual "News of the Faculty,"
"General University News," ''News
of Alumni and Former Students,"

and also an article on "President
Wheeler's Welcome and Inaugura
tion." The number is thoroughly
valuable and shows increasing
prosperity.
Number 3, Volume F, of The
Stanford Alumnus iB just out.
This time it comes from the press
of a San Jose printer. Warren
Hull, Law '99, appears as business
manager with offices in Ban Jose,
which are to be removed soon to
the Flood building in San Fran
cisco. The number contains the
usual "News of the Faculty,"
"General University News," ''News
of Alumni and Former Students,"

and also an article on "President
Wheeler's Welcome and Inaugura
tion." The number is thoroughly
valuable and shows increasing
prosperity.
