# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It is now a well established l'act
that the Varsity track men should be
given a trip during the season and
this custom is an excellent one.
There is no branch of college ath
letics in which more hard work is
required than on the track, and any
reward in the way of trips, is cer
tainly deserved. The track men have
to train consistently throughout a
long season and, with the exception
of some of the more important meets,
there is seldom a large crowd on the
bleachers to show the appreciation of
this hard work. Consequently, such a
t rip as the team is now taking serves
to vary the monotony of a tedious
season. In addition to this reason
for sending the men on a trip, a meet
with a strong outside team serves
to give the men needed experience.
On the present trip the Stanford men
will meet a strong team in the South
and the competition afforded should
help materially in developing a
strong Varsity team to meet Califor
nia in the intercollegiate meet.
