# Board of Trustees Meets Tomorrow.
## 
### 
The monthly meeting of the Uni
versity Board of Trustees, which was
postponed from last Friday owing to
the fact that the Memorial exer
cises occurred on that day, will be
held in San Francisco tomorrow af
ternoon.
The monthly meeting of the Uni
versity Board of Trustees, which was
postponed from last Friday owing to
the fact that the Memorial exer
cises occurred on that day, will be
held in San Francisco tomorrow af
ternoon.
The monthly meeting of the Uni
versity Board of Trustees, which was
postponed from last Friday owing to
the fact that the Memorial exer
cises occurred on that day, will be
held in San Francisco tomorrow af
ternoon.
The monthly meeting of the Uni
versity Board of Trustees, which was
postponed from last Friday owing to
the fact that the Memorial exer
cises occurred on that day, will be
held in San Francisco tomorrow af
ternoon.
The monthly meeting of the Uni
versity Board of Trustees, which was
postponed from last Friday owing to
the fact that the Memorial exer
cises occurred on that day, will be
held in San Francisco tomorrow af
ternoon.
The monthly meeting of the Uni
versity Board of Trustees, which was
postponed from last Friday owing to
the fact that the Memorial exer
cises occurred on that day, will be
held in San Francisco tomorrow af
ternoon.
The monthly meeting of the Uni
versity Board of Trustees, which was
postponed from last Friday owing to
the fact that the Memorial exer
cises occurred on that day, will be
held in San Francisco tomorrow af
ternoon.
The monthly meeting of the Uni
versity Board of Trustees, which was
postponed from last Friday owing to
the fact that the Memorial exer
cises occurred on that day, will be
held in San Francisco tomorrow af
ternoon.
The monthly meeting of the Uni
versity Board of Trustees, which was
postponed from last Friday owing to
the fact that the Memorial exer
cises occurred on that day, will be
held in San Francisco tomorrow af
ternoon.
The monthly meeting of the Uni
versity Board of Trustees, which was
postponed from last Friday owing to
the fact that the Memorial exer
cises occurred on that day, will be
held in San Francisco tomorrow af
ternoon.
