# E.C. STARKS LECTURES ON ENGLAND IN CHAPEL.
## Bicycle Trip Through England Subject of Interesting Illustrated Talk by Zoology Professor. 
### 
E. C. Starks, assistant professor of
Zoology, gave an instructive lecture
011 England and its tourist interest
ing places last night in the Chapel.
The talk was supplemented by over
seventy-five lantern slides showing
many of the quaint old English vil
lages and famous edifices renowned in
the annals of British history. The
pictures thrown on the screen ranged
from the days of the early Roman
conquerers down to the present time.
Professor Starks pointed out the fact
that many of the so-called original
buildings which claim fame as birth
places of famous Englishmen and
scenes of well-known events are mere
ly . fiction of some ingenious mind,
serving as a means to separate the
tourist from his money. The material
and slides for his lecture were secured
by Professor Starks while on a bicycle
tour thru the British Isles several
years ago.
E. C. Starks, assistant professor of
Zoology, gave an instructive lecture
011 England and its tourist interest
ing places last night in the Chapel.
The talk was supplemented by over
seventy-five lantern slides showing
many of the quaint old English vil
lages and famous edifices renowned in
the annals of British history. The
pictures thrown on the screen ranged
from the days of the early Roman
conquerers down to the present time.
Professor Starks pointed out the fact
that many of the so-called original
buildings which claim fame as birth
places of famous Englishmen and
scenes of well-known events are mere
ly . fiction of some ingenious mind,
serving as a means to separate the
tourist from his money. The material
and slides for his lecture were secured
by Professor Starks while on a bicycle
tour thru the British Isles several
years ago.
E. C. Starks, assistant professor of
Zoology, gave an instructive lecture
011 England and its tourist interest
ing places last night in the Chapel.
The talk was supplemented by over
seventy-five lantern slides showing
many of the quaint old English vil
lages and famous edifices renowned in
the annals of British history. The
pictures thrown on the screen ranged
from the days of the early Roman
conquerers down to the present time.
Professor Starks pointed out the fact
that many of the so-called original
buildings which claim fame as birth
places of famous Englishmen and
scenes of well-known events are mere
ly . fiction of some ingenious mind,
serving as a means to separate the
tourist from his money. The material
and slides for his lecture were secured
by Professor Starks while on a bicycle
tour thru the British Isles several
years ago.
E. C. Starks, assistant professor of
Zoology, gave an instructive lecture
011 England and its tourist interest
ing places last night in the Chapel.
The talk was supplemented by over
seventy-five lantern slides showing
many of the quaint old English vil
lages and famous edifices renowned in
the annals of British history. The
pictures thrown on the screen ranged
from the days of the early Roman
conquerers down to the present time.
Professor Starks pointed out the fact
that many of the so-called original
buildings which claim fame as birth
places of famous Englishmen and
scenes of well-known events are mere
ly . fiction of some ingenious mind,
serving as a means to separate the
tourist from his money. The material
and slides for his lecture were secured
by Professor Starks while on a bicycle
tour thru the British Isles several
years ago.
E. C. Starks, assistant professor of
Zoology, gave an instructive lecture
011 England and its tourist interest
ing places last night in the Chapel.
The talk was supplemented by over
seventy-five lantern slides showing
many of the quaint old English vil
lages and famous edifices renowned in
the annals of British history. The
pictures thrown on the screen ranged
from the days of the early Roman
conquerers down to the present time.
Professor Starks pointed out the fact
that many of the so-called original
buildings which claim fame as birth
places of famous Englishmen and
scenes of well-known events are mere
ly . fiction of some ingenious mind,
serving as a means to separate the
tourist from his money. The material
and slides for his lecture were secured
by Professor Starks while on a bicycle
tour thru the British Isles several
years ago.
E. C. Starks, assistant professor of
Zoology, gave an instructive lecture
011 England and its tourist interest
ing places last night in the Chapel.
The talk was supplemented by over
seventy-five lantern slides showing
many of the quaint old English vil
lages and famous edifices renowned in
the annals of British history. The
pictures thrown on the screen ranged
from the days of the early Roman
conquerers down to the present time.
Professor Starks pointed out the fact
that many of the so-called original
buildings which claim fame as birth
places of famous Englishmen and
scenes of well-known events are mere
ly . fiction of some ingenious mind,
serving as a means to separate the
tourist from his money. The material
and slides for his lecture were secured
by Professor Starks while on a bicycle
tour thru the British Isles several
years ago.
E. C. Starks, assistant professor of
Zoology, gave an instructive lecture
011 England and its tourist interest
ing places last night in the Chapel.
The talk was supplemented by over
seventy-five lantern slides showing
many of the quaint old English vil
lages and famous edifices renowned in
the annals of British history. The
pictures thrown on the screen ranged
from the days of the early Roman
conquerers down to the present time.
Professor Starks pointed out the fact
that many of the so-called original
buildings which claim fame as birth
places of famous Englishmen and
scenes of well-known events are mere
ly . fiction of some ingenious mind,
serving as a means to separate the
tourist from his money. The material
and slides for his lecture were secured
by Professor Starks while on a bicycle
tour thru the British Isles several
years ago.
E. C. Starks, assistant professor of
Zoology, gave an instructive lecture
011 England and its tourist interest
ing places last night in the Chapel.
The talk was supplemented by over
seventy-five lantern slides showing
many of the quaint old English vil
lages and famous edifices renowned in
the annals of British history. The
pictures thrown on the screen ranged
from the days of the early Roman
conquerers down to the present time.
Professor Starks pointed out the fact
that many of the so-called original
buildings which claim fame as birth
places of famous Englishmen and
scenes of well-known events are mere
ly . fiction of some ingenious mind,
serving as a means to separate the
tourist from his money. The material
and slides for his lecture were secured
by Professor Starks while on a bicycle
tour thru the British Isles several
years ago.
E. C. Starks, assistant professor of
Zoology, gave an instructive lecture
011 England and its tourist interest
ing places last night in the Chapel.
The talk was supplemented by over
seventy-five lantern slides showing
many of the quaint old English vil
lages and famous edifices renowned in
the annals of British history. The
pictures thrown on the screen ranged
from the days of the early Roman
conquerers down to the present time.
Professor Starks pointed out the fact
that many of the so-called original
buildings which claim fame as birth
places of famous Englishmen and
scenes of well-known events are mere
ly . fiction of some ingenious mind,
serving as a means to separate the
tourist from his money. The material
and slides for his lecture were secured
by Professor Starks while on a bicycle
tour thru the British Isles several
years ago.
E. C. Starks, assistant professor of
Zoology, gave an instructive lecture
011 England and its tourist interest
ing places last night in the Chapel.
The talk was supplemented by over
seventy-five lantern slides showing
many of the quaint old English vil
lages and famous edifices renowned in
the annals of British history. The
pictures thrown on the screen ranged
from the days of the early Roman
conquerers down to the present time.
Professor Starks pointed out the fact
that many of the so-called original
buildings which claim fame as birth
places of famous Englishmen and
scenes of well-known events are mere
ly . fiction of some ingenious mind,
serving as a means to separate the
tourist from his money. The material
and slides for his lecture were secured
by Professor Starks while on a bicycle
tour thru the British Isles several
years ago.
E. C. Starks, assistant professor of
Zoology, gave an instructive lecture
011 England and its tourist interest
ing places last night in the Chapel.
The talk was supplemented by over
seventy-five lantern slides showing
many of the quaint old English vil
lages and famous edifices renowned in
the annals of British history. The
pictures thrown on the screen ranged
from the days of the early Roman
conquerers down to the present time.
Professor Starks pointed out the fact
that many of the so-called original
buildings which claim fame as birth
places of famous Englishmen and
scenes of well-known events are mere
ly . fiction of some ingenious mind,
serving as a means to separate the
tourist from his money. The material
and slides for his lecture were secured
by Professor Starks while on a bicycle
tour thru the British Isles several
years ago.
E. C. Starks, assistant professor of
Zoology, gave an instructive lecture
011 England and its tourist interest
ing places last night in the Chapel.
The talk was supplemented by over
seventy-five lantern slides showing
many of the quaint old English vil
lages and famous edifices renowned in
the annals of British history. The
pictures thrown on the screen ranged
from the days of the early Roman
conquerers down to the present time.
Professor Starks pointed out the fact
that many of the so-called original
buildings which claim fame as birth
places of famous Englishmen and
scenes of well-known events are mere
ly . fiction of some ingenious mind,
serving as a means to separate the
tourist from his money. The material
and slides for his lecture were secured
by Professor Starks while on a bicycle
tour thru the British Isles several
years ago.
