# ASSU Election
## 
### 
The ASSU Winter Election will
be held today and Thursday
for general student voting on
the special-fee reform mea
sure CA-1, also known as the
Balanced Funding Deal.
Polling opened this morning
at 12 a.m., and will close
Thursday night at 11:59 p.m.
You must have a Cardinal or
Leland account to vote online.
The ASSU recommends vot
ing in Residential Computing
clusters and the Tresidder
Lalß. There are two methods
of online voting; for more de
tails please see an ASSU
Election Guide. Paper ballot
ing sites will also be open
from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. today
and Thursday In the ASSU
Lobby, the Law School and
the Graduate School of Busi
ness.
The ASSU Winter Election will
be held today and Thursday
for general student voting on
the special-fee reform mea
sure CA-1, also known as the
Balanced Funding Deal.
Polling opened this morning
at 12 a.m., and will close
Thursday night at 11:59 p.m.
You must have a Cardinal or
Leland account to vote online.
The ASSU recommends vot
ing in Residential Computing
clusters and the Tresidder
Lalß. There are two methods
of online voting; for more de
tails please see an ASSU
Election Guide. Paper ballot
ing sites will also be open
from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. today
and Thursday In the ASSU
Lobby, the Law School and
the Graduate School of Busi
ness.
The ASSU Winter Election will
be held today and Thursday
for general student voting on
the special-fee reform mea
sure CA-1, also known as the
Balanced Funding Deal.
Polling opened this morning
at 12 a.m., and will close
Thursday night at 11:59 p.m.
You must have a Cardinal or
Leland account to vote online.
The ASSU recommends vot
ing in Residential Computing
clusters and the Tresidder
Lalß. There are two methods
of online voting; for more de
tails please see an ASSU
Election Guide. Paper ballot
ing sites will also be open
from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. today
and Thursday In the ASSU
Lobby, the Law School and
the Graduate School of Busi
ness.
The ASSU Winter Election will
be held today and Thursday
for general student voting on
the special-fee reform mea
sure CA-1, also known as the
Balanced Funding Deal.
Polling opened this morning
at 12 a.m., and will close
Thursday night at 11:59 p.m.
You must have a Cardinal or
Leland account to vote online.
The ASSU recommends vot
ing in Residential Computing
clusters and the Tresidder
Lalß. There are two methods
of online voting; for more de
tails please see an ASSU
Election Guide. Paper ballot
ing sites will also be open
from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. today
and Thursday In the ASSU
Lobby, the Law School and
the Graduate School of Busi
ness.
The ASSU Winter Election will
be held today and Thursday
for general student voting on
the special-fee reform mea
sure CA-1, also known as the
Balanced Funding Deal.
Polling opened this morning
at 12 a.m., and will close
Thursday night at 11:59 p.m.
You must have a Cardinal or
Leland account to vote online.
The ASSU recommends vot
ing in Residential Computing
clusters and the Tresidder
Lalß. There are two methods
of online voting; for more de
tails please see an ASSU
Election Guide. Paper ballot
ing sites will also be open
from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. today
and Thursday In the ASSU
Lobby, the Law School and
the Graduate School of Busi
ness.
The ASSU Winter Election will
be held today and Thursday
for general student voting on
the special-fee reform mea
sure CA-1, also known as the
Balanced Funding Deal.
Polling opened this morning
at 12 a.m., and will close
Thursday night at 11:59 p.m.
You must have a Cardinal or
Leland account to vote online.
The ASSU recommends vot
ing in Residential Computing
clusters and the Tresidder
Lalß. There are two methods
of online voting; for more de
tails please see an ASSU
Election Guide. Paper ballot
ing sites will also be open
from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. today
and Thursday In the ASSU
Lobby, the Law School and
the Graduate School of Busi
ness.
