# OIL TARIFF
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Jan. 22. (A 1 )
Limitation of the importation of
crude petroleum for the next three ,
years to 10,000,000 barrels annually
was proposed in a bill introduced |
today by Senator Capper, Repub- j
lican, Kansas.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 22. (A 1 )
Limitation of the importation of
crude petroleum for the next three ,
years to 10,000,000 barrels annually
was proposed in a bill introduced |
today by Senator Capper, Repub- j
lican, Kansas.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 22. (A 1 )
Limitation of the importation of
crude petroleum for the next three ,
years to 10,000,000 barrels annually
was proposed in a bill introduced |
today by Senator Capper, Repub- j
lican, Kansas.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 22. (A 1 )
Limitation of the importation of
crude petroleum for the next three ,
years to 10,000,000 barrels annually
was proposed in a bill introduced |
today by Senator Capper, Repub- j
lican, Kansas.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 22. (A 1 )
Limitation of the importation of
crude petroleum for the next three ,
years to 10,000,000 barrels annually
was proposed in a bill introduced |
today by Senator Capper, Repub- j
lican, Kansas.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 22. (A 1 )
Limitation of the importation of
crude petroleum for the next three ,
years to 10,000,000 barrels annually
was proposed in a bill introduced |
today by Senator Capper, Repub- j
lican, Kansas.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 22. (A 1 )
Limitation of the importation of
crude petroleum for the next three ,
years to 10,000,000 barrels annually
was proposed in a bill introduced |
today by Senator Capper, Repub- j
lican, Kansas.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 22. (A 1 )
Limitation of the importation of
crude petroleum for the next three ,
years to 10,000,000 barrels annually
was proposed in a bill introduced |
today by Senator Capper, Repub- j
lican, Kansas.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 22. (A 1 )
Limitation of the importation of
crude petroleum for the next three ,
years to 10,000,000 barrels annually
was proposed in a bill introduced |
today by Senator Capper, Repub- j
lican, Kansas.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 22. (A 1 )
Limitation of the importation of
crude petroleum for the next three ,
years to 10,000,000 barrels annually
was proposed in a bill introduced |
today by Senator Capper, Repub- j
lican, Kansas.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 22. (A 1 )
Limitation of the importation of
crude petroleum for the next three ,
years to 10,000,000 barrels annually
was proposed in a bill introduced |
today by Senator Capper, Repub- j
lican, Kansas.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 22. (A 1 )
Limitation of the importation of
crude petroleum for the next three ,
years to 10,000,000 barrels annually
was proposed in a bill introduced |
today by Senator Capper, Repub- j
lican, Kansas.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 22. (A 1 )
Limitation of the importation of
crude petroleum for the next three ,
years to 10,000,000 barrels annually
was proposed in a bill introduced |
today by Senator Capper, Repub- j
lican, Kansas.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 22. (A 1 )
Limitation of the importation of
crude petroleum for the next three ,
years to 10,000,000 barrels annually
was proposed in a bill introduced |
today by Senator Capper, Repub- j
lican, Kansas.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 22. (A 1 )
Limitation of the importation of
crude petroleum for the next three ,
years to 10,000,000 barrels annually
was proposed in a bill introduced |
today by Senator Capper, Repub- j
lican, Kansas.
