# DUMOND REVEALS X-RAY INVENTION TO AID MEDICAL WORK
## Possibilities Of Machinery Have Been Tested For More Than Year 
### 
Months after its perfection, the
invention of a fluorescent X-ray
photometer to aid in medical work
was revealed yesterday by Dr. J. S.
DuMond, research associate at the
California Institute of Technology
who will conduct a number of
physics courses here for the spring
quarter.
Dr. DuMond, who confessed to
having invented the instrument with
Dr. Archie Holt of the same insti
tution, and to its usefulness, de
clared that more than a yfear had
been devoted to testing its possi
bilities before its announcement.
The photometer, DuMond said,
can measure the absolute intensity
of the X-radiation that doctors ap
ply to patients, right on the point
where the radiation strikes the pa
tient, a great aid in medical X-ray
work. Still another use of the ma
chine, it was said, was the deter
mination of effective intense wave
lengths. Numbers of the apparatus
have been distributed to hospitals
throughout the peninsula, and one
has been made up and sent to the
Bureau of Standards at Washington.
Months after its perfection, the
invention of a fluorescent X-ray
photometer to aid in medical work
was revealed yesterday by Dr. J. S.
DuMond, research associate at the
California Institute of Technology
who will conduct a number of
physics courses here for the spring
quarter.
Dr. DuMond, who confessed to
having invented the instrument with
Dr. Archie Holt of the same insti
tution, and to its usefulness, de
clared that more than a yfear had
been devoted to testing its possi
bilities before its announcement.
The photometer, DuMond said,
can measure the absolute intensity
of the X-radiation that doctors ap
ply to patients, right on the point
where the radiation strikes the pa
tient, a great aid in medical X-ray
work. Still another use of the ma
chine, it was said, was the deter
mination of effective intense wave
lengths. Numbers of the apparatus
have been distributed to hospitals
throughout the peninsula, and one
has been made up and sent to the
Bureau of Standards at Washington.
Months after its perfection, the
invention of a fluorescent X-ray
photometer to aid in medical work
was revealed yesterday by Dr. J. S.
DuMond, research associate at the
California Institute of Technology
who will conduct a number of
physics courses here for the spring
quarter.
Dr. DuMond, who confessed to
having invented the instrument with
Dr. Archie Holt of the same insti
tution, and to its usefulness, de
clared that more than a yfear had
been devoted to testing its possi
bilities before its announcement.
The photometer, DuMond said,
can measure the absolute intensity
of the X-radiation that doctors ap
ply to patients, right on the point
where the radiation strikes the pa
tient, a great aid in medical X-ray
work. Still another use of the ma
chine, it was said, was the deter
mination of effective intense wave
lengths. Numbers of the apparatus
have been distributed to hospitals
throughout the peninsula, and one
has been made up and sent to the
Bureau of Standards at Washington.
Months after its perfection, the
invention of a fluorescent X-ray
photometer to aid in medical work
was revealed yesterday by Dr. J. S.
DuMond, research associate at the
California Institute of Technology
who will conduct a number of
physics courses here for the spring
quarter.
Dr. DuMond, who confessed to
having invented the instrument with
Dr. Archie Holt of the same insti
tution, and to its usefulness, de
clared that more than a yfear had
been devoted to testing its possi
bilities before its announcement.
The photometer, DuMond said,
can measure the absolute intensity
of the X-radiation that doctors ap
ply to patients, right on the point
where the radiation strikes the pa
tient, a great aid in medical X-ray
work. Still another use of the ma
chine, it was said, was the deter
mination of effective intense wave
lengths. Numbers of the apparatus
have been distributed to hospitals
throughout the peninsula, and one
has been made up and sent to the
Bureau of Standards at Washington.
Months after its perfection, the
invention of a fluorescent X-ray
photometer to aid in medical work
was revealed yesterday by Dr. J. S.
DuMond, research associate at the
California Institute of Technology
who will conduct a number of
physics courses here for the spring
quarter.
Dr. DuMond, who confessed to
having invented the instrument with
Dr. Archie Holt of the same insti
tution, and to its usefulness, de
clared that more than a yfear had
been devoted to testing its possi
bilities before its announcement.
The photometer, DuMond said,
can measure the absolute intensity
of the X-radiation that doctors ap
ply to patients, right on the point
where the radiation strikes the pa
tient, a great aid in medical X-ray
work. Still another use of the ma
chine, it was said, was the deter
mination of effective intense wave
lengths. Numbers of the apparatus
have been distributed to hospitals
throughout the peninsula, and one
has been made up and sent to the
Bureau of Standards at Washington.
Months after its perfection, the
invention of a fluorescent X-ray
photometer to aid in medical work
was revealed yesterday by Dr. J. S.
DuMond, research associate at the
California Institute of Technology
who will conduct a number of
physics courses here for the spring
quarter.
Dr. DuMond, who confessed to
having invented the instrument with
Dr. Archie Holt of the same insti
tution, and to its usefulness, de
clared that more than a yfear had
been devoted to testing its possi
bilities before its announcement.
The photometer, DuMond said,
can measure the absolute intensity
of the X-radiation that doctors ap
ply to patients, right on the point
where the radiation strikes the pa
tient, a great aid in medical X-ray
work. Still another use of the ma
chine, it was said, was the deter
mination of effective intense wave
lengths. Numbers of the apparatus
have been distributed to hospitals
throughout the peninsula, and one
has been made up and sent to the
Bureau of Standards at Washington.
Months after its perfection, the
invention of a fluorescent X-ray
photometer to aid in medical work
was revealed yesterday by Dr. J. S.
DuMond, research associate at the
California Institute of Technology
who will conduct a number of
physics courses here for the spring
quarter.
Dr. DuMond, who confessed to
having invented the instrument with
Dr. Archie Holt of the same insti
tution, and to its usefulness, de
clared that more than a yfear had
been devoted to testing its possi
bilities before its announcement.
The photometer, DuMond said,
can measure the absolute intensity
of the X-radiation that doctors ap
ply to patients, right on the point
where the radiation strikes the pa
tient, a great aid in medical X-ray
work. Still another use of the ma
chine, it was said, was the deter
mination of effective intense wave
lengths. Numbers of the apparatus
have been distributed to hospitals
throughout the peninsula, and one
has been made up and sent to the
Bureau of Standards at Washington.
Months after its perfection, the
invention of a fluorescent X-ray
photometer to aid in medical work
was revealed yesterday by Dr. J. S.
DuMond, research associate at the
California Institute of Technology
who will conduct a number of
physics courses here for the spring
quarter.
Dr. DuMond, who confessed to
having invented the instrument with
Dr. Archie Holt of the same insti
tution, and to its usefulness, de
clared that more than a yfear had
been devoted to testing its possi
bilities before its announcement.
The photometer, DuMond said,
can measure the absolute intensity
of the X-radiation that doctors ap
ply to patients, right on the point
where the radiation strikes the pa
tient, a great aid in medical X-ray
work. Still another use of the ma
chine, it was said, was the deter
mination of effective intense wave
lengths. Numbers of the apparatus
have been distributed to hospitals
throughout the peninsula, and one
has been made up and sent to the
Bureau of Standards at Washington.
Months after its perfection, the
invention of a fluorescent X-ray
photometer to aid in medical work
was revealed yesterday by Dr. J. S.
DuMond, research associate at the
California Institute of Technology
who will conduct a number of
physics courses here for the spring
quarter.
Dr. DuMond, who confessed to
having invented the instrument with
Dr. Archie Holt of the same insti
tution, and to its usefulness, de
clared that more than a yfear had
been devoted to testing its possi
bilities before its announcement.
The photometer, DuMond said,
can measure the absolute intensity
of the X-radiation that doctors ap
ply to patients, right on the point
where the radiation strikes the pa
tient, a great aid in medical X-ray
work. Still another use of the ma
chine, it was said, was the deter
mination of effective intense wave
lengths. Numbers of the apparatus
have been distributed to hospitals
throughout the peninsula, and one
has been made up and sent to the
Bureau of Standards at Washington.
Months after its perfection, the
invention of a fluorescent X-ray
photometer to aid in medical work
was revealed yesterday by Dr. J. S.
DuMond, research associate at the
California Institute of Technology
who will conduct a number of
physics courses here for the spring
quarter.
Dr. DuMond, who confessed to
having invented the instrument with
Dr. Archie Holt of the same insti
tution, and to its usefulness, de
clared that more than a yfear had
been devoted to testing its possi
bilities before its announcement.
The photometer, DuMond said,
can measure the absolute intensity
of the X-radiation that doctors ap
ply to patients, right on the point
where the radiation strikes the pa
tient, a great aid in medical X-ray
work. Still another use of the ma
chine, it was said, was the deter
mination of effective intense wave
lengths. Numbers of the apparatus
have been distributed to hospitals
throughout the peninsula, and one
has been made up and sent to the
Bureau of Standards at Washington.
Months after its perfection, the
invention of a fluorescent X-ray
photometer to aid in medical work
was revealed yesterday by Dr. J. S.
DuMond, research associate at the
California Institute of Technology
who will conduct a number of
physics courses here for the spring
quarter.
Dr. DuMond, who confessed to
having invented the instrument with
Dr. Archie Holt of the same insti
tution, and to its usefulness, de
clared that more than a yfear had
been devoted to testing its possi
bilities before its announcement.
The photometer, DuMond said,
can measure the absolute intensity
of the X-radiation that doctors ap
ply to patients, right on the point
where the radiation strikes the pa
tient, a great aid in medical X-ray
work. Still another use of the ma
chine, it was said, was the deter
mination of effective intense wave
lengths. Numbers of the apparatus
have been distributed to hospitals
throughout the peninsula, and one
has been made up and sent to the
Bureau of Standards at Washington.
Months after its perfection, the
invention of a fluorescent X-ray
photometer to aid in medical work
was revealed yesterday by Dr. J. S.
DuMond, research associate at the
California Institute of Technology
who will conduct a number of
physics courses here for the spring
quarter.
Dr. DuMond, who confessed to
having invented the instrument with
Dr. Archie Holt of the same insti
tution, and to its usefulness, de
clared that more than a yfear had
been devoted to testing its possi
bilities before its announcement.
The photometer, DuMond said,
can measure the absolute intensity
of the X-radiation that doctors ap
ply to patients, right on the point
where the radiation strikes the pa
tient, a great aid in medical X-ray
work. Still another use of the ma
chine, it was said, was the deter
mination of effective intense wave
lengths. Numbers of the apparatus
have been distributed to hospitals
throughout the peninsula, and one
has been made up and sent to the
Bureau of Standards at Washington.
Months after its perfection, the
invention of a fluorescent X-ray
photometer to aid in medical work
was revealed yesterday by Dr. J. S.
DuMond, research associate at the
California Institute of Technology
who will conduct a number of
physics courses here for the spring
quarter.
Dr. DuMond, who confessed to
having invented the instrument with
Dr. Archie Holt of the same insti
tution, and to its usefulness, de
clared that more than a yfear had
been devoted to testing its possi
bilities before its announcement.
The photometer, DuMond said,
can measure the absolute intensity
of the X-radiation that doctors ap
ply to patients, right on the point
where the radiation strikes the pa
tient, a great aid in medical X-ray
work. Still another use of the ma
chine, it was said, was the deter
mination of effective intense wave
lengths. Numbers of the apparatus
have been distributed to hospitals
throughout the peninsula, and one
has been made up and sent to the
Bureau of Standards at Washington.
Months after its perfection, the
invention of a fluorescent X-ray
photometer to aid in medical work
was revealed yesterday by Dr. J. S.
DuMond, research associate at the
California Institute of Technology
who will conduct a number of
physics courses here for the spring
quarter.
Dr. DuMond, who confessed to
having invented the instrument with
Dr. Archie Holt of the same insti
tution, and to its usefulness, de
clared that more than a yfear had
been devoted to testing its possi
bilities before its announcement.
The photometer, DuMond said,
can measure the absolute intensity
of the X-radiation that doctors ap
ply to patients, right on the point
where the radiation strikes the pa
tient, a great aid in medical X-ray
work. Still another use of the ma
chine, it was said, was the deter
mination of effective intense wave
lengths. Numbers of the apparatus
have been distributed to hospitals
throughout the peninsula, and one
has been made up and sent to the
Bureau of Standards at Washington.
Months after its perfection, the
invention of a fluorescent X-ray
photometer to aid in medical work
was revealed yesterday by Dr. J. S.
DuMond, research associate at the
California Institute of Technology
who will conduct a number of
physics courses here for the spring
quarter.
Dr. DuMond, who confessed to
having invented the instrument with
Dr. Archie Holt of the same insti
tution, and to its usefulness, de
clared that more than a yfear had
been devoted to testing its possi
bilities before its announcement.
The photometer, DuMond said,
can measure the absolute intensity
of the X-radiation that doctors ap
ply to patients, right on the point
where the radiation strikes the pa
tient, a great aid in medical X-ray
work. Still another use of the ma
chine, it was said, was the deter
mination of effective intense wave
lengths. Numbers of the apparatus
have been distributed to hospitals
throughout the peninsula, and one
has been made up and sent to the
Bureau of Standards at Washington.
