# SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA GRID PLAYER MARRIED
## 
### 
I.OS ANGELES, Jan. 22. M'l— I The
marriage, kept secret five weeks, of
A 1 Plaehn, left tackle on the Uni
versity of Southern California foot
ball eleven, to Helen Tancel, uni
versity classmate, was disclosed by
him today. Plaehn anounced the
marriage took place December 17 at
Yuma, Arizona.
Plaehn was a noted high school
athlete in lowa, where he graduated
from the Reinbeck, lowa, high school
in 1529. His bride's home was at
Hazelcrest, suburb of Chicago, 111.
The couple, sophomores, will con
tinue their studies.
I.OS ANGELES, Jan. 22. M'l— I The
marriage, kept secret five weeks, of
A 1 Plaehn, left tackle on the Uni
versity of Southern California foot
ball eleven, to Helen Tancel, uni
versity classmate, was disclosed by
him today. Plaehn anounced the
marriage took place December 17 at
Yuma, Arizona.
Plaehn was a noted high school
athlete in lowa, where he graduated
from the Reinbeck, lowa, high school
in 1529. His bride's home was at
Hazelcrest, suburb of Chicago, 111.
The couple, sophomores, will con
tinue their studies.
I.OS ANGELES, Jan. 22. M'l— I The
marriage, kept secret five weeks, of
A 1 Plaehn, left tackle on the Uni
versity of Southern California foot
ball eleven, to Helen Tancel, uni
versity classmate, was disclosed by
him today. Plaehn anounced the
marriage took place December 17 at
Yuma, Arizona.
Plaehn was a noted high school
athlete in lowa, where he graduated
from the Reinbeck, lowa, high school
in 1529. His bride's home was at
Hazelcrest, suburb of Chicago, 111.
The couple, sophomores, will con
tinue their studies.
I.OS ANGELES, Jan. 22. M'l— I The
marriage, kept secret five weeks, of
A 1 Plaehn, left tackle on the Uni
versity of Southern California foot
ball eleven, to Helen Tancel, uni
versity classmate, was disclosed by
him today. Plaehn anounced the
marriage took place December 17 at
Yuma, Arizona.
Plaehn was a noted high school
athlete in lowa, where he graduated
from the Reinbeck, lowa, high school
in 1529. His bride's home was at
Hazelcrest, suburb of Chicago, 111.
The couple, sophomores, will con
tinue their studies.
I.OS ANGELES, Jan. 22. M'l— I The
marriage, kept secret five weeks, of
A 1 Plaehn, left tackle on the Uni
versity of Southern California foot
ball eleven, to Helen Tancel, uni
versity classmate, was disclosed by
him today. Plaehn anounced the
marriage took place December 17 at
Yuma, Arizona.
Plaehn was a noted high school
athlete in lowa, where he graduated
from the Reinbeck, lowa, high school
in 1529. His bride's home was at
Hazelcrest, suburb of Chicago, 111.
The couple, sophomores, will con
tinue their studies.
I.OS ANGELES, Jan. 22. M'l— I The
marriage, kept secret five weeks, of
A 1 Plaehn, left tackle on the Uni
versity of Southern California foot
ball eleven, to Helen Tancel, uni
versity classmate, was disclosed by
him today. Plaehn anounced the
marriage took place December 17 at
Yuma, Arizona.
Plaehn was a noted high school
athlete in lowa, where he graduated
from the Reinbeck, lowa, high school
in 1529. His bride's home was at
Hazelcrest, suburb of Chicago, 111.
The couple, sophomores, will con
tinue their studies.
I.OS ANGELES, Jan. 22. M'l— I The
marriage, kept secret five weeks, of
A 1 Plaehn, left tackle on the Uni
versity of Southern California foot
ball eleven, to Helen Tancel, uni
versity classmate, was disclosed by
him today. Plaehn anounced the
marriage took place December 17 at
Yuma, Arizona.
Plaehn was a noted high school
athlete in lowa, where he graduated
from the Reinbeck, lowa, high school
in 1529. His bride's home was at
Hazelcrest, suburb of Chicago, 111.
The couple, sophomores, will con
tinue their studies.
I.OS ANGELES, Jan. 22. M'l— I The
marriage, kept secret five weeks, of
A 1 Plaehn, left tackle on the Uni
versity of Southern California foot
ball eleven, to Helen Tancel, uni
versity classmate, was disclosed by
him today. Plaehn anounced the
marriage took place December 17 at
Yuma, Arizona.
Plaehn was a noted high school
athlete in lowa, where he graduated
from the Reinbeck, lowa, high school
in 1529. His bride's home was at
Hazelcrest, suburb of Chicago, 111.
The couple, sophomores, will con
tinue their studies.
I.OS ANGELES, Jan. 22. M'l— I The
marriage, kept secret five weeks, of
A 1 Plaehn, left tackle on the Uni
versity of Southern California foot
ball eleven, to Helen Tancel, uni
versity classmate, was disclosed by
him today. Plaehn anounced the
marriage took place December 17 at
Yuma, Arizona.
Plaehn was a noted high school
athlete in lowa, where he graduated
from the Reinbeck, lowa, high school
in 1529. His bride's home was at
Hazelcrest, suburb of Chicago, 111.
The couple, sophomores, will con
tinue their studies.
I.OS ANGELES, Jan. 22. M'l— I The
marriage, kept secret five weeks, of
A 1 Plaehn, left tackle on the Uni
versity of Southern California foot
ball eleven, to Helen Tancel, uni
versity classmate, was disclosed by
him today. Plaehn anounced the
marriage took place December 17 at
Yuma, Arizona.
Plaehn was a noted high school
athlete in lowa, where he graduated
from the Reinbeck, lowa, high school
in 1529. His bride's home was at
Hazelcrest, suburb of Chicago, 111.
The couple, sophomores, will con
tinue their studies.
I.OS ANGELES, Jan. 22. M'l— I The
marriage, kept secret five weeks, of
A 1 Plaehn, left tackle on the Uni
versity of Southern California foot
ball eleven, to Helen Tancel, uni
versity classmate, was disclosed by
him today. Plaehn anounced the
marriage took place December 17 at
Yuma, Arizona.
Plaehn was a noted high school
athlete in lowa, where he graduated
from the Reinbeck, lowa, high school
in 1529. His bride's home was at
Hazelcrest, suburb of Chicago, 111.
The couple, sophomores, will con
tinue their studies.
I.OS ANGELES, Jan. 22. M'l— I The
marriage, kept secret five weeks, of
A 1 Plaehn, left tackle on the Uni
versity of Southern California foot
ball eleven, to Helen Tancel, uni
versity classmate, was disclosed by
him today. Plaehn anounced the
marriage took place December 17 at
Yuma, Arizona.
Plaehn was a noted high school
athlete in lowa, where he graduated
from the Reinbeck, lowa, high school
in 1529. His bride's home was at
Hazelcrest, suburb of Chicago, 111.
The couple, sophomores, will con
tinue their studies.
I.OS ANGELES, Jan. 22. M'l— I The
marriage, kept secret five weeks, of
A 1 Plaehn, left tackle on the Uni
versity of Southern California foot
ball eleven, to Helen Tancel, uni
versity classmate, was disclosed by
him today. Plaehn anounced the
marriage took place December 17 at
Yuma, Arizona.
Plaehn was a noted high school
athlete in lowa, where he graduated
from the Reinbeck, lowa, high school
in 1529. His bride's home was at
Hazelcrest, suburb of Chicago, 111.
The couple, sophomores, will con
tinue their studies.
I.OS ANGELES, Jan. 22. M'l— I The
marriage, kept secret five weeks, of
A 1 Plaehn, left tackle on the Uni
versity of Southern California foot
ball eleven, to Helen Tancel, uni
versity classmate, was disclosed by
him today. Plaehn anounced the
marriage took place December 17 at
Yuma, Arizona.
Plaehn was a noted high school
athlete in lowa, where he graduated
from the Reinbeck, lowa, high school
in 1529. His bride's home was at
Hazelcrest, suburb of Chicago, 111.
The couple, sophomores, will con
tinue their studies.
I.OS ANGELES, Jan. 22. M'l— I The
marriage, kept secret five weeks, of
A 1 Plaehn, left tackle on the Uni
versity of Southern California foot
ball eleven, to Helen Tancel, uni
versity classmate, was disclosed by
him today. Plaehn anounced the
marriage took place December 17 at
Yuma, Arizona.
Plaehn was a noted high school
athlete in lowa, where he graduated
from the Reinbeck, lowa, high school
in 1529. His bride's home was at
Hazelcrest, suburb of Chicago, 111.
The couple, sophomores, will con
tinue their studies.
