# MICHIGAN NEVADA.
## Will Undoubtedly Play in San Francisco Christmas Day. 
### 
The University of Nevada has
received a challenge from the Uni
versity of Michigan football team
for a game to he played in San
Francisco on Christinas day. The
Michigan eleven will arrive in San
Francisco December 24th, and as
they will have a hard trip a game
at this time will he of great help
in getting the men in shape for the
Stanford game on New Year's at
Pasadena. The Nevada eleven
will undoubtedly accept the chal
lenge, and if they do the people of
San Francisco will be given a
chance to see what the Michigan
team can do.
The University of Nevada has
received a challenge from the Uni
versity of Michigan football team
for a game to he played in San
Francisco on Christinas day. The
Michigan eleven will arrive in San
Francisco December 24th, and as
they will have a hard trip a game
at this time will he of great help
in getting the men in shape for the
Stanford game on New Year's at
Pasadena. The Nevada eleven
will undoubtedly accept the chal
lenge, and if they do the people of
San Francisco will be given a
chance to see what the Michigan
team can do.
The University of Nevada has
received a challenge from the Uni
versity of Michigan football team
for a game to he played in San
Francisco on Christinas day. The
Michigan eleven will arrive in San
Francisco December 24th, and as
they will have a hard trip a game
at this time will he of great help
in getting the men in shape for the
Stanford game on New Year's at
Pasadena. The Nevada eleven
will undoubtedly accept the chal
lenge, and if they do the people of
San Francisco will be given a
chance to see what the Michigan
team can do.
The University of Nevada has
received a challenge from the Uni
versity of Michigan football team
for a game to he played in San
Francisco on Christinas day. The
Michigan eleven will arrive in San
Francisco December 24th, and as
they will have a hard trip a game
at this time will he of great help
in getting the men in shape for the
Stanford game on New Year's at
Pasadena. The Nevada eleven
will undoubtedly accept the chal
lenge, and if they do the people of
San Francisco will be given a
chance to see what the Michigan
team can do.
The University of Nevada has
received a challenge from the Uni
versity of Michigan football team
for a game to he played in San
Francisco on Christinas day. The
Michigan eleven will arrive in San
Francisco December 24th, and as
they will have a hard trip a game
at this time will he of great help
in getting the men in shape for the
Stanford game on New Year's at
Pasadena. The Nevada eleven
will undoubtedly accept the chal
lenge, and if they do the people of
San Francisco will be given a
chance to see what the Michigan
team can do.
The University of Nevada has
received a challenge from the Uni
versity of Michigan football team
for a game to he played in San
Francisco on Christinas day. The
Michigan eleven will arrive in San
Francisco December 24th, and as
they will have a hard trip a game
at this time will he of great help
in getting the men in shape for the
Stanford game on New Year's at
Pasadena. The Nevada eleven
will undoubtedly accept the chal
lenge, and if they do the people of
San Francisco will be given a
chance to see what the Michigan
team can do.
The University of Nevada has
received a challenge from the Uni
versity of Michigan football team
for a game to he played in San
Francisco on Christinas day. The
Michigan eleven will arrive in San
Francisco December 24th, and as
they will have a hard trip a game
at this time will he of great help
in getting the men in shape for the
Stanford game on New Year's at
Pasadena. The Nevada eleven
will undoubtedly accept the chal
lenge, and if they do the people of
San Francisco will be given a
chance to see what the Michigan
team can do.
The University of Nevada has
received a challenge from the Uni
versity of Michigan football team
for a game to he played in San
Francisco on Christinas day. The
Michigan eleven will arrive in San
Francisco December 24th, and as
they will have a hard trip a game
at this time will he of great help
in getting the men in shape for the
Stanford game on New Year's at
Pasadena. The Nevada eleven
will undoubtedly accept the chal
lenge, and if they do the people of
San Francisco will be given a
chance to see what the Michigan
team can do.
