# ROBLE CLUB HOLDS ITS THIRD AT-HOME TODAY
## 
### 
The third of a series of at-homeß
will be given by Roble Club this af
ternoon from 3:30 to 5:30 at Roble
Hall. Everyone is welcome and urged
to come by Miss Olivia Boezinger, so
cial director of the hall.
Frances Sanford will play the piano
during the afternoon and tea will be
served throughout the informal re
ception. The tea is in charge of a
committee headed by Helen Haider
man.
The third of a series of at-homeß
will be given by Roble Club this af
ternoon from 3:30 to 5:30 at Roble
Hall. Everyone is welcome and urged
to come by Miss Olivia Boezinger, so
cial director of the hall.
Frances Sanford will play the piano
during the afternoon and tea will be
served throughout the informal re
ception. The tea is in charge of a
committee headed by Helen Haider
man.
The third of a series of at-homeß
will be given by Roble Club this af
ternoon from 3:30 to 5:30 at Roble
Hall. Everyone is welcome and urged
to come by Miss Olivia Boezinger, so
cial director of the hall.
Frances Sanford will play the piano
during the afternoon and tea will be
served throughout the informal re
ception. The tea is in charge of a
committee headed by Helen Haider
man.
The third of a series of at-homeß
will be given by Roble Club this af
ternoon from 3:30 to 5:30 at Roble
Hall. Everyone is welcome and urged
to come by Miss Olivia Boezinger, so
cial director of the hall.
Frances Sanford will play the piano
during the afternoon and tea will be
served throughout the informal re
ception. The tea is in charge of a
committee headed by Helen Haider
man.
The third of a series of at-homeß
will be given by Roble Club this af
ternoon from 3:30 to 5:30 at Roble
Hall. Everyone is welcome and urged
to come by Miss Olivia Boezinger, so
cial director of the hall.
Frances Sanford will play the piano
during the afternoon and tea will be
served throughout the informal re
ception. The tea is in charge of a
committee headed by Helen Haider
man.
The third of a series of at-homeß
will be given by Roble Club this af
ternoon from 3:30 to 5:30 at Roble
Hall. Everyone is welcome and urged
to come by Miss Olivia Boezinger, so
cial director of the hall.
Frances Sanford will play the piano
during the afternoon and tea will be
served throughout the informal re
ception. The tea is in charge of a
committee headed by Helen Haider
man.
The third of a series of at-homeß
will be given by Roble Club this af
ternoon from 3:30 to 5:30 at Roble
Hall. Everyone is welcome and urged
to come by Miss Olivia Boezinger, so
cial director of the hall.
Frances Sanford will play the piano
during the afternoon and tea will be
served throughout the informal re
ception. The tea is in charge of a
committee headed by Helen Haider
man.
The third of a series of at-homeß
will be given by Roble Club this af
ternoon from 3:30 to 5:30 at Roble
Hall. Everyone is welcome and urged
to come by Miss Olivia Boezinger, so
cial director of the hall.
Frances Sanford will play the piano
during the afternoon and tea will be
served throughout the informal re
ception. The tea is in charge of a
committee headed by Helen Haider
man.
The third of a series of at-homeß
will be given by Roble Club this af
ternoon from 3:30 to 5:30 at Roble
Hall. Everyone is welcome and urged
to come by Miss Olivia Boezinger, so
cial director of the hall.
Frances Sanford will play the piano
during the afternoon and tea will be
served throughout the informal re
ception. The tea is in charge of a
committee headed by Helen Haider
man.
The third of a series of at-homeß
will be given by Roble Club this af
ternoon from 3:30 to 5:30 at Roble
Hall. Everyone is welcome and urged
to come by Miss Olivia Boezinger, so
cial director of the hall.
Frances Sanford will play the piano
during the afternoon and tea will be
served throughout the informal re
ception. The tea is in charge of a
committee headed by Helen Haider
man.
The third of a series of at-homeß
will be given by Roble Club this af
ternoon from 3:30 to 5:30 at Roble
Hall. Everyone is welcome and urged
to come by Miss Olivia Boezinger, so
cial director of the hall.
Frances Sanford will play the piano
during the afternoon and tea will be
served throughout the informal re
ception. The tea is in charge of a
committee headed by Helen Haider
man.
The third of a series of at-homeß
will be given by Roble Club this af
ternoon from 3:30 to 5:30 at Roble
Hall. Everyone is welcome and urged
to come by Miss Olivia Boezinger, so
cial director of the hall.
Frances Sanford will play the piano
during the afternoon and tea will be
served throughout the informal re
ception. The tea is in charge of a
committee headed by Helen Haider
man.
The third of a series of at-homeß
will be given by Roble Club this af
ternoon from 3:30 to 5:30 at Roble
Hall. Everyone is welcome and urged
to come by Miss Olivia Boezinger, so
cial director of the hall.
Frances Sanford will play the piano
during the afternoon and tea will be
served throughout the informal re
ception. The tea is in charge of a
committee headed by Helen Haider
man.
The third of a series of at-homeß
will be given by Roble Club this af
ternoon from 3:30 to 5:30 at Roble
Hall. Everyone is welcome and urged
to come by Miss Olivia Boezinger, so
cial director of the hall.
Frances Sanford will play the piano
during the afternoon and tea will be
served throughout the informal re
ception. The tea is in charge of a
committee headed by Helen Haider
man.
The third of a series of at-homeß
will be given by Roble Club this af
ternoon from 3:30 to 5:30 at Roble
Hall. Everyone is welcome and urged
to come by Miss Olivia Boezinger, so
cial director of the hall.
Frances Sanford will play the piano
during the afternoon and tea will be
served throughout the informal re
ception. The tea is in charge of a
committee headed by Helen Haider
man.
The third of a series of at-homeß
will be given by Roble Club this af
ternoon from 3:30 to 5:30 at Roble
Hall. Everyone is welcome and urged
to come by Miss Olivia Boezinger, so
cial director of the hall.
Frances Sanford will play the piano
during the afternoon and tea will be
served throughout the informal re
ception. The tea is in charge of a
committee headed by Helen Haider
man.
