# FEUILLERAT TO TALK ON SHAKESPEARE AT WEDNESDAY LECTURE
## 
### 
"The public tends to neglect Shake
speare the dramatist," said Dr. Feuil
lerat in his last lecture. "In life
Shakespeare developed first as a poet
and then as a dramatist." Many who
attend these lectures will be inter
ested in the combination of circum
stances that brought this change
about, and to hear Dr. Feuillerat's
comments on Shakespeare's poetry,
songs, and sonnets.
Dr. Feuillerat will talk on the sub
ject of "Shakespeare and Lyrical
Poetry, The Songs and Sonnets,"
Wednesday at 4:15 o'clock in the
Little Theatre.
In his talk last Wednesday, Dr.
Feuillerat pointed out to his hearers
the fact that in spite of its labored
and artificial style Shakespeare's
Venus and Adonis deserves high
j ranking because of its beautiful de
lineation of nature. In speaking on
The Rape of Lucrece, which Dr.
Feuillerat considers a finer work than
the first poem mentioned, emphasis
was placed on the elements of lyrical
poetry found in it.
"The public tends to neglect Shake
speare the dramatist," said Dr. Feuil
lerat in his last lecture. "In life
Shakespeare developed first as a poet
and then as a dramatist." Many who
attend these lectures will be inter
ested in the combination of circum
stances that brought this change
about, and to hear Dr. Feuillerat's
comments on Shakespeare's poetry,
songs, and sonnets.
Dr. Feuillerat will talk on the sub
ject of "Shakespeare and Lyrical
Poetry, The Songs and Sonnets,"
Wednesday at 4:15 o'clock in the
Little Theatre.
In his talk last Wednesday, Dr.
Feuillerat pointed out to his hearers
the fact that in spite of its labored
and artificial style Shakespeare's
Venus and Adonis deserves high
j ranking because of its beautiful de
lineation of nature. In speaking on
The Rape of Lucrece, which Dr.
Feuillerat considers a finer work than
the first poem mentioned, emphasis
was placed on the elements of lyrical
poetry found in it.
"The public tends to neglect Shake
speare the dramatist," said Dr. Feuil
lerat in his last lecture. "In life
Shakespeare developed first as a poet
and then as a dramatist." Many who
attend these lectures will be inter
ested in the combination of circum
stances that brought this change
about, and to hear Dr. Feuillerat's
comments on Shakespeare's poetry,
songs, and sonnets.
Dr. Feuillerat will talk on the sub
ject of "Shakespeare and Lyrical
Poetry, The Songs and Sonnets,"
Wednesday at 4:15 o'clock in the
Little Theatre.
In his talk last Wednesday, Dr.
Feuillerat pointed out to his hearers
the fact that in spite of its labored
and artificial style Shakespeare's
Venus and Adonis deserves high
j ranking because of its beautiful de
lineation of nature. In speaking on
The Rape of Lucrece, which Dr.
Feuillerat considers a finer work than
the first poem mentioned, emphasis
was placed on the elements of lyrical
poetry found in it.
"The public tends to neglect Shake
speare the dramatist," said Dr. Feuil
lerat in his last lecture. "In life
Shakespeare developed first as a poet
and then as a dramatist." Many who
attend these lectures will be inter
ested in the combination of circum
stances that brought this change
about, and to hear Dr. Feuillerat's
comments on Shakespeare's poetry,
songs, and sonnets.
Dr. Feuillerat will talk on the sub
ject of "Shakespeare and Lyrical
Poetry, The Songs and Sonnets,"
Wednesday at 4:15 o'clock in the
Little Theatre.
In his talk last Wednesday, Dr.
Feuillerat pointed out to his hearers
the fact that in spite of its labored
and artificial style Shakespeare's
Venus and Adonis deserves high
j ranking because of its beautiful de
lineation of nature. In speaking on
The Rape of Lucrece, which Dr.
Feuillerat considers a finer work than
the first poem mentioned, emphasis
was placed on the elements of lyrical
poetry found in it.
"The public tends to neglect Shake
speare the dramatist," said Dr. Feuil
lerat in his last lecture. "In life
Shakespeare developed first as a poet
and then as a dramatist." Many who
attend these lectures will be inter
ested in the combination of circum
stances that brought this change
about, and to hear Dr. Feuillerat's
comments on Shakespeare's poetry,
songs, and sonnets.
Dr. Feuillerat will talk on the sub
ject of "Shakespeare and Lyrical
Poetry, The Songs and Sonnets,"
Wednesday at 4:15 o'clock in the
Little Theatre.
In his talk last Wednesday, Dr.
Feuillerat pointed out to his hearers
the fact that in spite of its labored
and artificial style Shakespeare's
Venus and Adonis deserves high
j ranking because of its beautiful de
lineation of nature. In speaking on
The Rape of Lucrece, which Dr.
Feuillerat considers a finer work than
the first poem mentioned, emphasis
was placed on the elements of lyrical
poetry found in it.
"The public tends to neglect Shake
speare the dramatist," said Dr. Feuil
lerat in his last lecture. "In life
Shakespeare developed first as a poet
and then as a dramatist." Many who
attend these lectures will be inter
ested in the combination of circum
stances that brought this change
about, and to hear Dr. Feuillerat's
comments on Shakespeare's poetry,
songs, and sonnets.
Dr. Feuillerat will talk on the sub
ject of "Shakespeare and Lyrical
Poetry, The Songs and Sonnets,"
Wednesday at 4:15 o'clock in the
Little Theatre.
In his talk last Wednesday, Dr.
Feuillerat pointed out to his hearers
the fact that in spite of its labored
and artificial style Shakespeare's
Venus and Adonis deserves high
j ranking because of its beautiful de
lineation of nature. In speaking on
The Rape of Lucrece, which Dr.
Feuillerat considers a finer work than
the first poem mentioned, emphasis
was placed on the elements of lyrical
poetry found in it.
"The public tends to neglect Shake
speare the dramatist," said Dr. Feuil
lerat in his last lecture. "In life
Shakespeare developed first as a poet
and then as a dramatist." Many who
attend these lectures will be inter
ested in the combination of circum
stances that brought this change
about, and to hear Dr. Feuillerat's
comments on Shakespeare's poetry,
songs, and sonnets.
Dr. Feuillerat will talk on the sub
ject of "Shakespeare and Lyrical
Poetry, The Songs and Sonnets,"
Wednesday at 4:15 o'clock in the
Little Theatre.
In his talk last Wednesday, Dr.
Feuillerat pointed out to his hearers
the fact that in spite of its labored
and artificial style Shakespeare's
Venus and Adonis deserves high
j ranking because of its beautiful de
lineation of nature. In speaking on
The Rape of Lucrece, which Dr.
Feuillerat considers a finer work than
the first poem mentioned, emphasis
was placed on the elements of lyrical
poetry found in it.
"The public tends to neglect Shake
speare the dramatist," said Dr. Feuil
lerat in his last lecture. "In life
Shakespeare developed first as a poet
and then as a dramatist." Many who
attend these lectures will be inter
ested in the combination of circum
stances that brought this change
about, and to hear Dr. Feuillerat's
comments on Shakespeare's poetry,
songs, and sonnets.
Dr. Feuillerat will talk on the sub
ject of "Shakespeare and Lyrical
Poetry, The Songs and Sonnets,"
Wednesday at 4:15 o'clock in the
Little Theatre.
In his talk last Wednesday, Dr.
Feuillerat pointed out to his hearers
the fact that in spite of its labored
and artificial style Shakespeare's
Venus and Adonis deserves high
j ranking because of its beautiful de
lineation of nature. In speaking on
The Rape of Lucrece, which Dr.
Feuillerat considers a finer work than
the first poem mentioned, emphasis
was placed on the elements of lyrical
poetry found in it.
"The public tends to neglect Shake
speare the dramatist," said Dr. Feuil
lerat in his last lecture. "In life
Shakespeare developed first as a poet
and then as a dramatist." Many who
attend these lectures will be inter
ested in the combination of circum
stances that brought this change
about, and to hear Dr. Feuillerat's
comments on Shakespeare's poetry,
songs, and sonnets.
Dr. Feuillerat will talk on the sub
ject of "Shakespeare and Lyrical
Poetry, The Songs and Sonnets,"
Wednesday at 4:15 o'clock in the
Little Theatre.
In his talk last Wednesday, Dr.
Feuillerat pointed out to his hearers
the fact that in spite of its labored
and artificial style Shakespeare's
Venus and Adonis deserves high
j ranking because of its beautiful de
lineation of nature. In speaking on
The Rape of Lucrece, which Dr.
Feuillerat considers a finer work than
the first poem mentioned, emphasis
was placed on the elements of lyrical
poetry found in it.
"The public tends to neglect Shake
speare the dramatist," said Dr. Feuil
lerat in his last lecture. "In life
Shakespeare developed first as a poet
and then as a dramatist." Many who
attend these lectures will be inter
ested in the combination of circum
stances that brought this change
about, and to hear Dr. Feuillerat's
comments on Shakespeare's poetry,
songs, and sonnets.
Dr. Feuillerat will talk on the sub
ject of "Shakespeare and Lyrical
Poetry, The Songs and Sonnets,"
Wednesday at 4:15 o'clock in the
Little Theatre.
In his talk last Wednesday, Dr.
Feuillerat pointed out to his hearers
the fact that in spite of its labored
and artificial style Shakespeare's
Venus and Adonis deserves high
j ranking because of its beautiful de
lineation of nature. In speaking on
The Rape of Lucrece, which Dr.
Feuillerat considers a finer work than
the first poem mentioned, emphasis
was placed on the elements of lyrical
poetry found in it.
"The public tends to neglect Shake
speare the dramatist," said Dr. Feuil
lerat in his last lecture. "In life
Shakespeare developed first as a poet
and then as a dramatist." Many who
attend these lectures will be inter
ested in the combination of circum
stances that brought this change
about, and to hear Dr. Feuillerat's
comments on Shakespeare's poetry,
songs, and sonnets.
Dr. Feuillerat will talk on the sub
ject of "Shakespeare and Lyrical
Poetry, The Songs and Sonnets,"
Wednesday at 4:15 o'clock in the
Little Theatre.
In his talk last Wednesday, Dr.
Feuillerat pointed out to his hearers
the fact that in spite of its labored
and artificial style Shakespeare's
Venus and Adonis deserves high
j ranking because of its beautiful de
lineation of nature. In speaking on
The Rape of Lucrece, which Dr.
Feuillerat considers a finer work than
the first poem mentioned, emphasis
was placed on the elements of lyrical
poetry found in it.
"The public tends to neglect Shake
speare the dramatist," said Dr. Feuil
lerat in his last lecture. "In life
Shakespeare developed first as a poet
and then as a dramatist." Many who
attend these lectures will be inter
ested in the combination of circum
stances that brought this change
about, and to hear Dr. Feuillerat's
comments on Shakespeare's poetry,
songs, and sonnets.
Dr. Feuillerat will talk on the sub
ject of "Shakespeare and Lyrical
Poetry, The Songs and Sonnets,"
Wednesday at 4:15 o'clock in the
Little Theatre.
In his talk last Wednesday, Dr.
Feuillerat pointed out to his hearers
the fact that in spite of its labored
and artificial style Shakespeare's
Venus and Adonis deserves high
j ranking because of its beautiful de
lineation of nature. In speaking on
The Rape of Lucrece, which Dr.
Feuillerat considers a finer work than
the first poem mentioned, emphasis
was placed on the elements of lyrical
poetry found in it.
"The public tends to neglect Shake
speare the dramatist," said Dr. Feuil
lerat in his last lecture. "In life
Shakespeare developed first as a poet
and then as a dramatist." Many who
attend these lectures will be inter
ested in the combination of circum
stances that brought this change
about, and to hear Dr. Feuillerat's
comments on Shakespeare's poetry,
songs, and sonnets.
Dr. Feuillerat will talk on the sub
ject of "Shakespeare and Lyrical
Poetry, The Songs and Sonnets,"
Wednesday at 4:15 o'clock in the
Little Theatre.
In his talk last Wednesday, Dr.
Feuillerat pointed out to his hearers
the fact that in spite of its labored
and artificial style Shakespeare's
Venus and Adonis deserves high
j ranking because of its beautiful de
lineation of nature. In speaking on
The Rape of Lucrece, which Dr.
Feuillerat considers a finer work than
the first poem mentioned, emphasis
was placed on the elements of lyrical
poetry found in it.
"The public tends to neglect Shake
speare the dramatist," said Dr. Feuil
lerat in his last lecture. "In life
Shakespeare developed first as a poet
and then as a dramatist." Many who
attend these lectures will be inter
ested in the combination of circum
stances that brought this change
about, and to hear Dr. Feuillerat's
comments on Shakespeare's poetry,
songs, and sonnets.
Dr. Feuillerat will talk on the sub
ject of "Shakespeare and Lyrical
Poetry, The Songs and Sonnets,"
Wednesday at 4:15 o'clock in the
Little Theatre.
In his talk last Wednesday, Dr.
Feuillerat pointed out to his hearers
the fact that in spite of its labored
and artificial style Shakespeare's
Venus and Adonis deserves high
j ranking because of its beautiful de
lineation of nature. In speaking on
The Rape of Lucrece, which Dr.
Feuillerat considers a finer work than
the first poem mentioned, emphasis
was placed on the elements of lyrical
poetry found in it.
"The public tends to neglect Shake
speare the dramatist," said Dr. Feuil
lerat in his last lecture. "In life
Shakespeare developed first as a poet
and then as a dramatist." Many who
attend these lectures will be inter
ested in the combination of circum
stances that brought this change
about, and to hear Dr. Feuillerat's
comments on Shakespeare's poetry,
songs, and sonnets.
Dr. Feuillerat will talk on the sub
ject of "Shakespeare and Lyrical
Poetry, The Songs and Sonnets,"
Wednesday at 4:15 o'clock in the
Little Theatre.
In his talk last Wednesday, Dr.
Feuillerat pointed out to his hearers
the fact that in spite of its labored
and artificial style Shakespeare's
Venus and Adonis deserves high
j ranking because of its beautiful de
lineation of nature. In speaking on
The Rape of Lucrece, which Dr.
Feuillerat considers a finer work than
the first poem mentioned, emphasis
was placed on the elements of lyrical
poetry found in it.
"The public tends to neglect Shake
speare the dramatist," said Dr. Feuil
lerat in his last lecture. "In life
Shakespeare developed first as a poet
and then as a dramatist." Many who
attend these lectures will be inter
ested in the combination of circum
stances that brought this change
about, and to hear Dr. Feuillerat's
comments on Shakespeare's poetry,
songs, and sonnets.
Dr. Feuillerat will talk on the sub
ject of "Shakespeare and Lyrical
Poetry, The Songs and Sonnets,"
Wednesday at 4:15 o'clock in the
Little Theatre.
In his talk last Wednesday, Dr.
Feuillerat pointed out to his hearers
the fact that in spite of its labored
and artificial style Shakespeare's
Venus and Adonis deserves high
j ranking because of its beautiful de
lineation of nature. In speaking on
The Rape of Lucrece, which Dr.
Feuillerat considers a finer work than
the first poem mentioned, emphasis
was placed on the elements of lyrical
poetry found in it.
