# VACCINATION CARDS TO BE DUE THURSDAY
## 
### 
Vaccination certificates, the Regis
trar warns, must be handed in to his
office by Thursday. Otherwise stu
dents face a $2 fine during the week
following Thursday, and then if a
certificate showing vaccination within
seven years is not turned in registra
tion in the University will be can
celled. The Registrar reminds stu
dents that there are no exceptions to
this rule and no excuses will be ac
cepted.
Vaccination certificates, the Regis
trar warns, must be handed in to his
office by Thursday. Otherwise stu
dents face a $2 fine during the week
following Thursday, and then if a
certificate showing vaccination within
seven years is not turned in registra
tion in the University will be can
celled. The Registrar reminds stu
dents that there are no exceptions to
this rule and no excuses will be ac
cepted.
Vaccination certificates, the Regis
trar warns, must be handed in to his
office by Thursday. Otherwise stu
dents face a $2 fine during the week
following Thursday, and then if a
certificate showing vaccination within
seven years is not turned in registra
tion in the University will be can
celled. The Registrar reminds stu
dents that there are no exceptions to
this rule and no excuses will be ac
cepted.
Vaccination certificates, the Regis
trar warns, must be handed in to his
office by Thursday. Otherwise stu
dents face a $2 fine during the week
following Thursday, and then if a
certificate showing vaccination within
seven years is not turned in registra
tion in the University will be can
celled. The Registrar reminds stu
dents that there are no exceptions to
this rule and no excuses will be ac
cepted.
Vaccination certificates, the Regis
trar warns, must be handed in to his
office by Thursday. Otherwise stu
dents face a $2 fine during the week
following Thursday, and then if a
certificate showing vaccination within
seven years is not turned in registra
tion in the University will be can
celled. The Registrar reminds stu
dents that there are no exceptions to
this rule and no excuses will be ac
cepted.
Vaccination certificates, the Regis
trar warns, must be handed in to his
office by Thursday. Otherwise stu
dents face a $2 fine during the week
following Thursday, and then if a
certificate showing vaccination within
seven years is not turned in registra
tion in the University will be can
celled. The Registrar reminds stu
dents that there are no exceptions to
this rule and no excuses will be ac
cepted.
Vaccination certificates, the Regis
trar warns, must be handed in to his
office by Thursday. Otherwise stu
dents face a $2 fine during the week
following Thursday, and then if a
certificate showing vaccination within
seven years is not turned in registra
tion in the University will be can
celled. The Registrar reminds stu
dents that there are no exceptions to
this rule and no excuses will be ac
cepted.
Vaccination certificates, the Regis
trar warns, must be handed in to his
office by Thursday. Otherwise stu
dents face a $2 fine during the week
following Thursday, and then if a
certificate showing vaccination within
seven years is not turned in registra
tion in the University will be can
celled. The Registrar reminds stu
dents that there are no exceptions to
this rule and no excuses will be ac
cepted.
Vaccination certificates, the Regis
trar warns, must be handed in to his
office by Thursday. Otherwise stu
dents face a $2 fine during the week
following Thursday, and then if a
certificate showing vaccination within
seven years is not turned in registra
tion in the University will be can
celled. The Registrar reminds stu
dents that there are no exceptions to
this rule and no excuses will be ac
cepted.
Vaccination certificates, the Regis
trar warns, must be handed in to his
office by Thursday. Otherwise stu
dents face a $2 fine during the week
following Thursday, and then if a
certificate showing vaccination within
seven years is not turned in registra
tion in the University will be can
celled. The Registrar reminds stu
dents that there are no exceptions to
this rule and no excuses will be ac
cepted.
Vaccination certificates, the Regis
trar warns, must be handed in to his
office by Thursday. Otherwise stu
dents face a $2 fine during the week
following Thursday, and then if a
certificate showing vaccination within
seven years is not turned in registra
tion in the University will be can
celled. The Registrar reminds stu
dents that there are no exceptions to
this rule and no excuses will be ac
cepted.
Vaccination certificates, the Regis
trar warns, must be handed in to his
office by Thursday. Otherwise stu
dents face a $2 fine during the week
following Thursday, and then if a
certificate showing vaccination within
seven years is not turned in registra
tion in the University will be can
celled. The Registrar reminds stu
dents that there are no exceptions to
this rule and no excuses will be ac
cepted.
Vaccination certificates, the Regis
trar warns, must be handed in to his
office by Thursday. Otherwise stu
dents face a $2 fine during the week
following Thursday, and then if a
certificate showing vaccination within
seven years is not turned in registra
tion in the University will be can
celled. The Registrar reminds stu
dents that there are no exceptions to
this rule and no excuses will be ac
cepted.
Vaccination certificates, the Regis
trar warns, must be handed in to his
office by Thursday. Otherwise stu
dents face a $2 fine during the week
following Thursday, and then if a
certificate showing vaccination within
seven years is not turned in registra
tion in the University will be can
celled. The Registrar reminds stu
dents that there are no exceptions to
this rule and no excuses will be ac
cepted.
Vaccination certificates, the Regis
trar warns, must be handed in to his
office by Thursday. Otherwise stu
dents face a $2 fine during the week
following Thursday, and then if a
certificate showing vaccination within
seven years is not turned in registra
tion in the University will be can
celled. The Registrar reminds stu
dents that there are no exceptions to
this rule and no excuses will be ac
cepted.
Vaccination certificates, the Regis
trar warns, must be handed in to his
office by Thursday. Otherwise stu
dents face a $2 fine during the week
following Thursday, and then if a
certificate showing vaccination within
seven years is not turned in registra
tion in the University will be can
celled. The Registrar reminds stu
dents that there are no exceptions to
this rule and no excuses will be ac
cepted.
