# CHAPEL BOARD
## 
### 
Tonight's meeting of Chapel Board |
will be concerned with business, ac- I
cording to the president, Marjorie i
Benedict. Any one who is interested ,
may attend.
Miss Benedict also announced that j
there will be no Tuesday evening
Vesper service for the rest of the
quarter. Leland Morrison will take
charge of arranging a Vesper serv
ice on Thursdays combined with Dr.
Warren D. Allen's oi'gan recitals at
4:15 p.m.
Tonight's meeting of Chapel Board |
will be concerned with business, ac- I
cording to the president, Marjorie i
Benedict. Any one who is interested ,
may attend.
Miss Benedict also announced that j
there will be no Tuesday evening
Vesper service for the rest of the
quarter. Leland Morrison will take
charge of arranging a Vesper serv
ice on Thursdays combined with Dr.
Warren D. Allen's oi'gan recitals at
4:15 p.m.
Tonight's meeting of Chapel Board |
will be concerned with business, ac- I
cording to the president, Marjorie i
Benedict. Any one who is interested ,
may attend.
Miss Benedict also announced that j
there will be no Tuesday evening
Vesper service for the rest of the
quarter. Leland Morrison will take
charge of arranging a Vesper serv
ice on Thursdays combined with Dr.
Warren D. Allen's oi'gan recitals at
4:15 p.m.
Tonight's meeting of Chapel Board |
will be concerned with business, ac- I
cording to the president, Marjorie i
Benedict. Any one who is interested ,
may attend.
Miss Benedict also announced that j
there will be no Tuesday evening
Vesper service for the rest of the
quarter. Leland Morrison will take
charge of arranging a Vesper serv
ice on Thursdays combined with Dr.
Warren D. Allen's oi'gan recitals at
4:15 p.m.
Tonight's meeting of Chapel Board |
will be concerned with business, ac- I
cording to the president, Marjorie i
Benedict. Any one who is interested ,
may attend.
Miss Benedict also announced that j
there will be no Tuesday evening
Vesper service for the rest of the
quarter. Leland Morrison will take
charge of arranging a Vesper serv
ice on Thursdays combined with Dr.
Warren D. Allen's oi'gan recitals at
4:15 p.m.
Tonight's meeting of Chapel Board |
will be concerned with business, ac- I
cording to the president, Marjorie i
Benedict. Any one who is interested ,
may attend.
Miss Benedict also announced that j
there will be no Tuesday evening
Vesper service for the rest of the
quarter. Leland Morrison will take
charge of arranging a Vesper serv
ice on Thursdays combined with Dr.
Warren D. Allen's oi'gan recitals at
4:15 p.m.
Tonight's meeting of Chapel Board |
will be concerned with business, ac- I
cording to the president, Marjorie i
Benedict. Any one who is interested ,
may attend.
Miss Benedict also announced that j
there will be no Tuesday evening
Vesper service for the rest of the
quarter. Leland Morrison will take
charge of arranging a Vesper serv
ice on Thursdays combined with Dr.
Warren D. Allen's oi'gan recitals at
4:15 p.m.
Tonight's meeting of Chapel Board |
will be concerned with business, ac- I
cording to the president, Marjorie i
Benedict. Any one who is interested ,
may attend.
Miss Benedict also announced that j
there will be no Tuesday evening
Vesper service for the rest of the
quarter. Leland Morrison will take
charge of arranging a Vesper serv
ice on Thursdays combined with Dr.
Warren D. Allen's oi'gan recitals at
4:15 p.m.
Tonight's meeting of Chapel Board |
will be concerned with business, ac- I
cording to the president, Marjorie i
Benedict. Any one who is interested ,
may attend.
Miss Benedict also announced that j
there will be no Tuesday evening
Vesper service for the rest of the
quarter. Leland Morrison will take
charge of arranging a Vesper serv
ice on Thursdays combined with Dr.
Warren D. Allen's oi'gan recitals at
4:15 p.m.
Tonight's meeting of Chapel Board |
will be concerned with business, ac- I
cording to the president, Marjorie i
Benedict. Any one who is interested ,
may attend.
Miss Benedict also announced that j
there will be no Tuesday evening
Vesper service for the rest of the
quarter. Leland Morrison will take
charge of arranging a Vesper serv
ice on Thursdays combined with Dr.
Warren D. Allen's oi'gan recitals at
4:15 p.m.
Tonight's meeting of Chapel Board |
will be concerned with business, ac- I
cording to the president, Marjorie i
Benedict. Any one who is interested ,
may attend.
Miss Benedict also announced that j
there will be no Tuesday evening
Vesper service for the rest of the
quarter. Leland Morrison will take
charge of arranging a Vesper serv
ice on Thursdays combined with Dr.
Warren D. Allen's oi'gan recitals at
4:15 p.m.
Tonight's meeting of Chapel Board |
will be concerned with business, ac- I
cording to the president, Marjorie i
Benedict. Any one who is interested ,
may attend.
Miss Benedict also announced that j
there will be no Tuesday evening
Vesper service for the rest of the
quarter. Leland Morrison will take
charge of arranging a Vesper serv
ice on Thursdays combined with Dr.
Warren D. Allen's oi'gan recitals at
4:15 p.m.
Tonight's meeting of Chapel Board |
will be concerned with business, ac- I
cording to the president, Marjorie i
Benedict. Any one who is interested ,
may attend.
Miss Benedict also announced that j
there will be no Tuesday evening
Vesper service for the rest of the
quarter. Leland Morrison will take
charge of arranging a Vesper serv
ice on Thursdays combined with Dr.
Warren D. Allen's oi'gan recitals at
4:15 p.m.
Tonight's meeting of Chapel Board |
will be concerned with business, ac- I
cording to the president, Marjorie i
Benedict. Any one who is interested ,
may attend.
Miss Benedict also announced that j
there will be no Tuesday evening
Vesper service for the rest of the
quarter. Leland Morrison will take
charge of arranging a Vesper serv
ice on Thursdays combined with Dr.
Warren D. Allen's oi'gan recitals at
4:15 p.m.
Tonight's meeting of Chapel Board |
will be concerned with business, ac- I
cording to the president, Marjorie i
Benedict. Any one who is interested ,
may attend.
Miss Benedict also announced that j
there will be no Tuesday evening
Vesper service for the rest of the
quarter. Leland Morrison will take
charge of arranging a Vesper serv
ice on Thursdays combined with Dr.
Warren D. Allen's oi'gan recitals at
4:15 p.m.
