# Marguerite change
## 
### 
As of Feb. 1, the Marguerite shuttie
service will begin daily operation a
half hour later, at 7 a.m. rather than
6:30 a.m., and will continue until
6:30 p.m.
As of Feb. 1, the Marguerite shuttie
service will begin daily operation a
half hour later, at 7 a.m. rather than
6:30 a.m., and will continue until
6:30 p.m.
As of Feb. 1, the Marguerite shuttie
service will begin daily operation a
half hour later, at 7 a.m. rather than
6:30 a.m., and will continue until
6:30 p.m.
As of Feb. 1, the Marguerite shuttie
service will begin daily operation a
half hour later, at 7 a.m. rather than
6:30 a.m., and will continue until
6:30 p.m.
As of Feb. 1, the Marguerite shuttie
service will begin daily operation a
half hour later, at 7 a.m. rather than
6:30 a.m., and will continue until
6:30 p.m.
As of Feb. 1, the Marguerite shuttie
service will begin daily operation a
half hour later, at 7 a.m. rather than
6:30 a.m., and will continue until
6:30 p.m.
As of Feb. 1, the Marguerite shuttie
service will begin daily operation a
half hour later, at 7 a.m. rather than
6:30 a.m., and will continue until
6:30 p.m.
As of Feb. 1, the Marguerite shuttie
service will begin daily operation a
half hour later, at 7 a.m. rather than
6:30 a.m., and will continue until
6:30 p.m.
As of Feb. 1, the Marguerite shuttie
service will begin daily operation a
half hour later, at 7 a.m. rather than
6:30 a.m., and will continue until
6:30 p.m.
