# NO CALIFORNIAN
## 
### 
No resident of California was
invited to become a member of
the original Stanford faculty.
No resident of California was
invited to become a member of
the original Stanford faculty.
No resident of California was
invited to become a member of
the original Stanford faculty.
No resident of California was
invited to become a member of
the original Stanford faculty.
No resident of California was
invited to become a member of
the original Stanford faculty.
No resident of California was
invited to become a member of
the original Stanford faculty.
No resident of California was
invited to become a member of
the original Stanford faculty.
No resident of California was
invited to become a member of
the original Stanford faculty.
No resident of California was
invited to become a member of
the original Stanford faculty.
No resident of California was
invited to become a member of
the original Stanford faculty.
No resident of California was
invited to become a member of
the original Stanford faculty.
No resident of California was
invited to become a member of
the original Stanford faculty.
No resident of California was
invited to become a member of
the original Stanford faculty.
No resident of California was
invited to become a member of
the original Stanford faculty.
No resident of California was
invited to become a member of
the original Stanford faculty.
