# Saplings and Slackers
## 
### 
Editorial Statement)
Although Stanford stud
ents are perfectly cog
nizant of the fact that
the university campus
is their legal resi
dence, yet they success
fully manage to bam
boozle themselves out
of their voting privi
leges by a chicken
hearted and weak-kneed
refusal to allow due
consideration to the
verdict of their own
conscience. Instead of
acting like ordinary
human beings, they be
come convinced that by
surrendering suffrage
rights upon a questioned
registration they are
performing a patriotic
act of loftymoral tone.
Any man or woman of
age attending an educa
tional institution in
the state of California,
who has been in the
county ninety days and
state one year, thereby
excluding freshmen, may
register and vote, pro
vided he or she holds the
campus to be his or her
residence, and have not
registered elsewhere
during the past three
months ,
