# Templeton in Siberia
## 
### 
E. C. Templeton, '10, former Stan
ford student, has been employed for
the past year at a mine in Semipala
tinsk Oblast, Siberia, by an English
corporation, in which iMr. Hoover of
the Belgian Relief Commission is in
terested.
E. C. Templeton, '10, former Stan
ford student, has been employed for
the past year at a mine in Semipala
tinsk Oblast, Siberia, by an English
corporation, in which iMr. Hoover of
the Belgian Relief Commission is in
terested.
E. C. Templeton, '10, former Stan
ford student, has been employed for
the past year at a mine in Semipala
tinsk Oblast, Siberia, by an English
corporation, in which iMr. Hoover of
the Belgian Relief Commission is in
terested.
E. C. Templeton, '10, former Stan
ford student, has been employed for
the past year at a mine in Semipala
tinsk Oblast, Siberia, by an English
corporation, in which iMr. Hoover of
the Belgian Relief Commission is in
terested.
E. C. Templeton, '10, former Stan
ford student, has been employed for
the past year at a mine in Semipala
tinsk Oblast, Siberia, by an English
corporation, in which iMr. Hoover of
the Belgian Relief Commission is in
terested.
E. C. Templeton, '10, former Stan
ford student, has been employed for
the past year at a mine in Semipala
tinsk Oblast, Siberia, by an English
corporation, in which iMr. Hoover of
the Belgian Relief Commission is in
terested.
E. C. Templeton, '10, former Stan
ford student, has been employed for
the past year at a mine in Semipala
tinsk Oblast, Siberia, by an English
corporation, in which iMr. Hoover of
the Belgian Relief Commission is in
terested.
E. C. Templeton, '10, former Stan
ford student, has been employed for
the past year at a mine in Semipala
tinsk Oblast, Siberia, by an English
corporation, in which iMr. Hoover of
the Belgian Relief Commission is in
terested.
E. C. Templeton, '10, former Stan
ford student, has been employed for
the past year at a mine in Semipala
tinsk Oblast, Siberia, by an English
corporation, in which iMr. Hoover of
the Belgian Relief Commission is in
terested.
E. C. Templeton, '10, former Stan
ford student, has been employed for
the past year at a mine in Semipala
tinsk Oblast, Siberia, by an English
corporation, in which iMr. Hoover of
the Belgian Relief Commission is in
terested.
E. C. Templeton, '10, former Stan
ford student, has been employed for
the past year at a mine in Semipala
tinsk Oblast, Siberia, by an English
corporation, in which iMr. Hoover of
the Belgian Relief Commission is in
terested.
E. C. Templeton, '10, former Stan
ford student, has been employed for
the past year at a mine in Semipala
tinsk Oblast, Siberia, by an English
corporation, in which iMr. Hoover of
the Belgian Relief Commission is in
terested.
E. C. Templeton, '10, former Stan
ford student, has been employed for
the past year at a mine in Semipala
tinsk Oblast, Siberia, by an English
corporation, in which iMr. Hoover of
the Belgian Relief Commission is in
terested.
E. C. Templeton, '10, former Stan
ford student, has been employed for
the past year at a mine in Semipala
tinsk Oblast, Siberia, by an English
corporation, in which iMr. Hoover of
the Belgian Relief Commission is in
terested.
