# FIRST YEARLINGS TO LEARN P'S AND Q'S
## MEET AT 11 TOMORROW Adoption of Strong Feeling Against Cheating to Be Urged by Speakers 
### 
In an effort to Kive all men of the
freshman class the best possible op
portunity to gain full information
about what is expected of them in
class room work, examinations, and in
general campus conduct, a meeting of
the first-year men has been called for
tomorrow morning by the Men's Con
ference and tlie Student Adviser. The
meeting will be held at the regular
Thursday assembly hour, 11 o'clock,
and will be held in the Little Theater.
Council Semis Out Letter.
For the purpose of urging all Con
ference members to see to it that all
freshmen of the various living groups
arc present at the meeting, the Stu
dent Council yesterday sent out a let
ter explaining the purpose of the meet
ing in detail. The letter, which is
signed by .T. W Templeton, '17, presi
dent of the Conference, W. 11. Wheat
ly, '17, secretary of the Conference,
and Paul Stamford. Student Adviser,
reads in part as follow*:
"We believe that by assembling the.
freshmen before examinations are be
gun, we can accomplish a great deal
in the way of securing a strong pre
judice against cheating. If during the
next few semesters we can get the
freshmen started properly in their at
titude toward class work, it won't be
long until the Men's Council will have
less business to look after. More
over, tiie creation of a public opinion
which is strong against cheating, will
make possible in ali departments of
the University, an effective honor sys
tem."
Besides tiie discussion of class room
actions, the speakers will inform the
freshmen of undergraduate problems
in general, and hope to impress the
new students with the importance of
being intelligent citizens of the Uni
versity community.
The assembly will last but one-half
hour, and as it conies at a time when
there are no conflicting classes or ac
tivities, all freshmen are expected to
be in attendance.
In an effort to Kive all men of the
freshman class the best possible op
portunity to gain full information
about what is expected of them in
class room work, examinations, and in
general campus conduct, a meeting of
the first-year men has been called for
tomorrow morning by the Men's Con
ference and tlie Student Adviser. The
meeting will be held at the regular
Thursday assembly hour, 11 o'clock,
and will be held in the Little Theater.
Council Semis Out Letter.
For the purpose of urging all Con
ference members to see to it that all
freshmen of the various living groups
arc present at the meeting, the Stu
dent Council yesterday sent out a let
ter explaining the purpose of the meet
ing in detail. The letter, which is
signed by .T. W Templeton, '17, presi
dent of the Conference, W. 11. Wheat
ly, '17, secretary of the Conference,
and Paul Stamford. Student Adviser,
reads in part as follow*:
"We believe that by assembling the.
freshmen before examinations are be
gun, we can accomplish a great deal
in the way of securing a strong pre
judice against cheating. If during the
next few semesters we can get the
freshmen started properly in their at
titude toward class work, it won't be
long until the Men's Council will have
less business to look after. More
over, tiie creation of a public opinion
which is strong against cheating, will
make possible in ali departments of
the University, an effective honor sys
tem."
Besides tiie discussion of class room
actions, the speakers will inform the
freshmen of undergraduate problems
in general, and hope to impress the
new students with the importance of
being intelligent citizens of the Uni
versity community.
The assembly will last but one-half
hour, and as it conies at a time when
there are no conflicting classes or ac
tivities, all freshmen are expected to
be in attendance.
In an effort to Kive all men of the
freshman class the best possible op
portunity to gain full information
about what is expected of them in
class room work, examinations, and in
general campus conduct, a meeting of
the first-year men has been called for
tomorrow morning by the Men's Con
ference and tlie Student Adviser. The
meeting will be held at the regular
Thursday assembly hour, 11 o'clock,
and will be held in the Little Theater.
Council Semis Out Letter.
For the purpose of urging all Con
ference members to see to it that all
freshmen of the various living groups
arc present at the meeting, the Stu
dent Council yesterday sent out a let
ter explaining the purpose of the meet
ing in detail. The letter, which is
signed by .T. W Templeton, '17, presi
dent of the Conference, W. 11. Wheat
ly, '17, secretary of the Conference,
and Paul Stamford. Student Adviser,
reads in part as follow*:
"We believe that by assembling the.
freshmen before examinations are be
gun, we can accomplish a great deal
in the way of securing a strong pre
judice against cheating. If during the
next few semesters we can get the
freshmen started properly in their at
titude toward class work, it won't be
long until the Men's Council will have
less business to look after. More
over, tiie creation of a public opinion
which is strong against cheating, will
make possible in ali departments of
the University, an effective honor sys
tem."
Besides tiie discussion of class room
actions, the speakers will inform the
freshmen of undergraduate problems
in general, and hope to impress the
new students with the importance of
being intelligent citizens of the Uni
versity community.
The assembly will last but one-half
hour, and as it conies at a time when
there are no conflicting classes or ac
tivities, all freshmen are expected to
be in attendance.
In an effort to Kive all men of the
freshman class the best possible op
portunity to gain full information
about what is expected of them in
class room work, examinations, and in
general campus conduct, a meeting of
the first-year men has been called for
tomorrow morning by the Men's Con
ference and tlie Student Adviser. The
meeting will be held at the regular
Thursday assembly hour, 11 o'clock,
and will be held in the Little Theater.
Council Semis Out Letter.
For the purpose of urging all Con
ference members to see to it that all
freshmen of the various living groups
arc present at the meeting, the Stu
dent Council yesterday sent out a let
ter explaining the purpose of the meet
ing in detail. The letter, which is
signed by .T. W Templeton, '17, presi
dent of the Conference, W. 11. Wheat
ly, '17, secretary of the Conference,
and Paul Stamford. Student Adviser,
reads in part as follow*:
"We believe that by assembling the.
freshmen before examinations are be
gun, we can accomplish a great deal
in the way of securing a strong pre
judice against cheating. If during the
next few semesters we can get the
freshmen started properly in their at
titude toward class work, it won't be
long until the Men's Council will have
less business to look after. More
over, tiie creation of a public opinion
which is strong against cheating, will
make possible in ali departments of
the University, an effective honor sys
tem."
Besides tiie discussion of class room
actions, the speakers will inform the
freshmen of undergraduate problems
in general, and hope to impress the
new students with the importance of
being intelligent citizens of the Uni
versity community.
The assembly will last but one-half
hour, and as it conies at a time when
there are no conflicting classes or ac
tivities, all freshmen are expected to
be in attendance.
In an effort to Kive all men of the
freshman class the best possible op
portunity to gain full information
about what is expected of them in
class room work, examinations, and in
general campus conduct, a meeting of
the first-year men has been called for
tomorrow morning by the Men's Con
ference and tlie Student Adviser. The
meeting will be held at the regular
Thursday assembly hour, 11 o'clock,
and will be held in the Little Theater.
Council Semis Out Letter.
For the purpose of urging all Con
ference members to see to it that all
freshmen of the various living groups
arc present at the meeting, the Stu
dent Council yesterday sent out a let
ter explaining the purpose of the meet
ing in detail. The letter, which is
signed by .T. W Templeton, '17, presi
dent of the Conference, W. 11. Wheat
ly, '17, secretary of the Conference,
and Paul Stamford. Student Adviser,
reads in part as follow*:
"We believe that by assembling the.
freshmen before examinations are be
gun, we can accomplish a great deal
in the way of securing a strong pre
judice against cheating. If during the
next few semesters we can get the
freshmen started properly in their at
titude toward class work, it won't be
long until the Men's Council will have
less business to look after. More
over, tiie creation of a public opinion
which is strong against cheating, will
make possible in ali departments of
the University, an effective honor sys
tem."
Besides tiie discussion of class room
actions, the speakers will inform the
freshmen of undergraduate problems
in general, and hope to impress the
new students with the importance of
being intelligent citizens of the Uni
versity community.
The assembly will last but one-half
hour, and as it conies at a time when
there are no conflicting classes or ac
tivities, all freshmen are expected to
be in attendance.
In an effort to Kive all men of the
freshman class the best possible op
portunity to gain full information
about what is expected of them in
class room work, examinations, and in
general campus conduct, a meeting of
the first-year men has been called for
tomorrow morning by the Men's Con
ference and tlie Student Adviser. The
meeting will be held at the regular
Thursday assembly hour, 11 o'clock,
and will be held in the Little Theater.
Council Semis Out Letter.
For the purpose of urging all Con
ference members to see to it that all
freshmen of the various living groups
arc present at the meeting, the Stu
dent Council yesterday sent out a let
ter explaining the purpose of the meet
ing in detail. The letter, which is
signed by .T. W Templeton, '17, presi
dent of the Conference, W. 11. Wheat
ly, '17, secretary of the Conference,
and Paul Stamford. Student Adviser,
reads in part as follow*:
"We believe that by assembling the.
freshmen before examinations are be
gun, we can accomplish a great deal
in the way of securing a strong pre
judice against cheating. If during the
next few semesters we can get the
freshmen started properly in their at
titude toward class work, it won't be
long until the Men's Council will have
less business to look after. More
over, tiie creation of a public opinion
which is strong against cheating, will
make possible in ali departments of
the University, an effective honor sys
tem."
Besides tiie discussion of class room
actions, the speakers will inform the
freshmen of undergraduate problems
in general, and hope to impress the
new students with the importance of
being intelligent citizens of the Uni
versity community.
The assembly will last but one-half
hour, and as it conies at a time when
there are no conflicting classes or ac
tivities, all freshmen are expected to
be in attendance.
In an effort to Kive all men of the
freshman class the best possible op
portunity to gain full information
about what is expected of them in
class room work, examinations, and in
general campus conduct, a meeting of
the first-year men has been called for
tomorrow morning by the Men's Con
ference and tlie Student Adviser. The
meeting will be held at the regular
Thursday assembly hour, 11 o'clock,
and will be held in the Little Theater.
Council Semis Out Letter.
For the purpose of urging all Con
ference members to see to it that all
freshmen of the various living groups
arc present at the meeting, the Stu
dent Council yesterday sent out a let
ter explaining the purpose of the meet
ing in detail. The letter, which is
signed by .T. W Templeton, '17, presi
dent of the Conference, W. 11. Wheat
ly, '17, secretary of the Conference,
and Paul Stamford. Student Adviser,
reads in part as follow*:
"We believe that by assembling the.
freshmen before examinations are be
gun, we can accomplish a great deal
in the way of securing a strong pre
judice against cheating. If during the
next few semesters we can get the
freshmen started properly in their at
titude toward class work, it won't be
long until the Men's Council will have
less business to look after. More
over, tiie creation of a public opinion
which is strong against cheating, will
make possible in ali departments of
the University, an effective honor sys
tem."
Besides tiie discussion of class room
actions, the speakers will inform the
freshmen of undergraduate problems
in general, and hope to impress the
new students with the importance of
being intelligent citizens of the Uni
versity community.
The assembly will last but one-half
hour, and as it conies at a time when
there are no conflicting classes or ac
tivities, all freshmen are expected to
be in attendance.
In an effort to Kive all men of the
freshman class the best possible op
portunity to gain full information
about what is expected of them in
class room work, examinations, and in
general campus conduct, a meeting of
the first-year men has been called for
tomorrow morning by the Men's Con
ference and tlie Student Adviser. The
meeting will be held at the regular
Thursday assembly hour, 11 o'clock,
and will be held in the Little Theater.
Council Semis Out Letter.
For the purpose of urging all Con
ference members to see to it that all
freshmen of the various living groups
arc present at the meeting, the Stu
dent Council yesterday sent out a let
ter explaining the purpose of the meet
ing in detail. The letter, which is
signed by .T. W Templeton, '17, presi
dent of the Conference, W. 11. Wheat
ly, '17, secretary of the Conference,
and Paul Stamford. Student Adviser,
reads in part as follow*:
"We believe that by assembling the.
freshmen before examinations are be
gun, we can accomplish a great deal
in the way of securing a strong pre
judice against cheating. If during the
next few semesters we can get the
freshmen started properly in their at
titude toward class work, it won't be
long until the Men's Council will have
less business to look after. More
over, tiie creation of a public opinion
which is strong against cheating, will
make possible in ali departments of
the University, an effective honor sys
tem."
Besides tiie discussion of class room
actions, the speakers will inform the
freshmen of undergraduate problems
in general, and hope to impress the
new students with the importance of
being intelligent citizens of the Uni
versity community.
The assembly will last but one-half
hour, and as it conies at a time when
there are no conflicting classes or ac
tivities, all freshmen are expected to
be in attendance.
In an effort to Kive all men of the
freshman class the best possible op
portunity to gain full information
about what is expected of them in
class room work, examinations, and in
general campus conduct, a meeting of
the first-year men has been called for
tomorrow morning by the Men's Con
ference and tlie Student Adviser. The
meeting will be held at the regular
Thursday assembly hour, 11 o'clock,
and will be held in the Little Theater.
Council Semis Out Letter.
For the purpose of urging all Con
ference members to see to it that all
freshmen of the various living groups
arc present at the meeting, the Stu
dent Council yesterday sent out a let
ter explaining the purpose of the meet
ing in detail. The letter, which is
signed by .T. W Templeton, '17, presi
dent of the Conference, W. 11. Wheat
ly, '17, secretary of the Conference,
and Paul Stamford. Student Adviser,
reads in part as follow*:
"We believe that by assembling the.
freshmen before examinations are be
gun, we can accomplish a great deal
in the way of securing a strong pre
judice against cheating. If during the
next few semesters we can get the
freshmen started properly in their at
titude toward class work, it won't be
long until the Men's Council will have
less business to look after. More
over, tiie creation of a public opinion
which is strong against cheating, will
make possible in ali departments of
the University, an effective honor sys
tem."
Besides tiie discussion of class room
actions, the speakers will inform the
freshmen of undergraduate problems
in general, and hope to impress the
new students with the importance of
being intelligent citizens of the Uni
versity community.
The assembly will last but one-half
hour, and as it conies at a time when
there are no conflicting classes or ac
tivities, all freshmen are expected to
be in attendance.
In an effort to Kive all men of the
freshman class the best possible op
portunity to gain full information
about what is expected of them in
class room work, examinations, and in
general campus conduct, a meeting of
the first-year men has been called for
tomorrow morning by the Men's Con
ference and tlie Student Adviser. The
meeting will be held at the regular
Thursday assembly hour, 11 o'clock,
and will be held in the Little Theater.
Council Semis Out Letter.
For the purpose of urging all Con
ference members to see to it that all
freshmen of the various living groups
arc present at the meeting, the Stu
dent Council yesterday sent out a let
ter explaining the purpose of the meet
ing in detail. The letter, which is
signed by .T. W Templeton, '17, presi
dent of the Conference, W. 11. Wheat
ly, '17, secretary of the Conference,
and Paul Stamford. Student Adviser,
reads in part as follow*:
"We believe that by assembling the.
freshmen before examinations are be
gun, we can accomplish a great deal
in the way of securing a strong pre
judice against cheating. If during the
next few semesters we can get the
freshmen started properly in their at
titude toward class work, it won't be
long until the Men's Council will have
less business to look after. More
over, tiie creation of a public opinion
which is strong against cheating, will
make possible in ali departments of
the University, an effective honor sys
tem."
Besides tiie discussion of class room
actions, the speakers will inform the
freshmen of undergraduate problems
in general, and hope to impress the
new students with the importance of
being intelligent citizens of the Uni
versity community.
The assembly will last but one-half
hour, and as it conies at a time when
there are no conflicting classes or ac
tivities, all freshmen are expected to
be in attendance.
In an effort to Kive all men of the
freshman class the best possible op
portunity to gain full information
about what is expected of them in
class room work, examinations, and in
general campus conduct, a meeting of
the first-year men has been called for
tomorrow morning by the Men's Con
ference and tlie Student Adviser. The
meeting will be held at the regular
Thursday assembly hour, 11 o'clock,
and will be held in the Little Theater.
Council Semis Out Letter.
For the purpose of urging all Con
ference members to see to it that all
freshmen of the various living groups
arc present at the meeting, the Stu
dent Council yesterday sent out a let
ter explaining the purpose of the meet
ing in detail. The letter, which is
signed by .T. W Templeton, '17, presi
dent of the Conference, W. 11. Wheat
ly, '17, secretary of the Conference,
and Paul Stamford. Student Adviser,
reads in part as follow*:
"We believe that by assembling the.
freshmen before examinations are be
gun, we can accomplish a great deal
in the way of securing a strong pre
judice against cheating. If during the
next few semesters we can get the
freshmen started properly in their at
titude toward class work, it won't be
long until the Men's Council will have
less business to look after. More
over, tiie creation of a public opinion
which is strong against cheating, will
make possible in ali departments of
the University, an effective honor sys
tem."
Besides tiie discussion of class room
actions, the speakers will inform the
freshmen of undergraduate problems
in general, and hope to impress the
new students with the importance of
being intelligent citizens of the Uni
versity community.
The assembly will last but one-half
hour, and as it conies at a time when
there are no conflicting classes or ac
tivities, all freshmen are expected to
be in attendance.
In an effort to Kive all men of the
freshman class the best possible op
portunity to gain full information
about what is expected of them in
class room work, examinations, and in
general campus conduct, a meeting of
the first-year men has been called for
tomorrow morning by the Men's Con
ference and tlie Student Adviser. The
meeting will be held at the regular
Thursday assembly hour, 11 o'clock,
and will be held in the Little Theater.
Council Semis Out Letter.
For the purpose of urging all Con
ference members to see to it that all
freshmen of the various living groups
arc present at the meeting, the Stu
dent Council yesterday sent out a let
ter explaining the purpose of the meet
ing in detail. The letter, which is
signed by .T. W Templeton, '17, presi
dent of the Conference, W. 11. Wheat
ly, '17, secretary of the Conference,
and Paul Stamford. Student Adviser,
reads in part as follow*:
"We believe that by assembling the.
freshmen before examinations are be
gun, we can accomplish a great deal
in the way of securing a strong pre
judice against cheating. If during the
next few semesters we can get the
freshmen started properly in their at
titude toward class work, it won't be
long until the Men's Council will have
less business to look after. More
over, tiie creation of a public opinion
which is strong against cheating, will
make possible in ali departments of
the University, an effective honor sys
tem."
Besides tiie discussion of class room
actions, the speakers will inform the
freshmen of undergraduate problems
in general, and hope to impress the
new students with the importance of
being intelligent citizens of the Uni
versity community.
The assembly will last but one-half
hour, and as it conies at a time when
there are no conflicting classes or ac
tivities, all freshmen are expected to
be in attendance.
In an effort to Kive all men of the
freshman class the best possible op
portunity to gain full information
about what is expected of them in
class room work, examinations, and in
general campus conduct, a meeting of
the first-year men has been called for
tomorrow morning by the Men's Con
ference and tlie Student Adviser. The
meeting will be held at the regular
Thursday assembly hour, 11 o'clock,
and will be held in the Little Theater.
Council Semis Out Letter.
For the purpose of urging all Con
ference members to see to it that all
freshmen of the various living groups
arc present at the meeting, the Stu
dent Council yesterday sent out a let
ter explaining the purpose of the meet
ing in detail. The letter, which is
signed by .T. W Templeton, '17, presi
dent of the Conference, W. 11. Wheat
ly, '17, secretary of the Conference,
and Paul Stamford. Student Adviser,
reads in part as follow*:
"We believe that by assembling the.
freshmen before examinations are be
gun, we can accomplish a great deal
in the way of securing a strong pre
judice against cheating. If during the
next few semesters we can get the
freshmen started properly in their at
titude toward class work, it won't be
long until the Men's Council will have
less business to look after. More
over, tiie creation of a public opinion
which is strong against cheating, will
make possible in ali departments of
the University, an effective honor sys
tem."
Besides tiie discussion of class room
actions, the speakers will inform the
freshmen of undergraduate problems
in general, and hope to impress the
new students with the importance of
being intelligent citizens of the Uni
versity community.
The assembly will last but one-half
hour, and as it conies at a time when
there are no conflicting classes or ac
tivities, all freshmen are expected to
be in attendance.
In an effort to Kive all men of the
freshman class the best possible op
portunity to gain full information
about what is expected of them in
class room work, examinations, and in
general campus conduct, a meeting of
the first-year men has been called for
tomorrow morning by the Men's Con
ference and tlie Student Adviser. The
meeting will be held at the regular
Thursday assembly hour, 11 o'clock,
and will be held in the Little Theater.
Council Semis Out Letter.
For the purpose of urging all Con
ference members to see to it that all
freshmen of the various living groups
arc present at the meeting, the Stu
dent Council yesterday sent out a let
ter explaining the purpose of the meet
ing in detail. The letter, which is
signed by .T. W Templeton, '17, presi
dent of the Conference, W. 11. Wheat
ly, '17, secretary of the Conference,
and Paul Stamford. Student Adviser,
reads in part as follow*:
"We believe that by assembling the.
freshmen before examinations are be
gun, we can accomplish a great deal
in the way of securing a strong pre
judice against cheating. If during the
next few semesters we can get the
freshmen started properly in their at
titude toward class work, it won't be
long until the Men's Council will have
less business to look after. More
over, tiie creation of a public opinion
which is strong against cheating, will
make possible in ali departments of
the University, an effective honor sys
tem."
Besides tiie discussion of class room
actions, the speakers will inform the
freshmen of undergraduate problems
in general, and hope to impress the
new students with the importance of
being intelligent citizens of the Uni
versity community.
The assembly will last but one-half
hour, and as it conies at a time when
there are no conflicting classes or ac
tivities, all freshmen are expected to
be in attendance.
