# ORCHESIS TRYOUTS
## 
### 
Orche is will hold tryout'j today
at \ p.m. in the Women's Gym.
Those who have had one quarter of
modern dancing or the equivalent
are eligible.
Orche is will hold tryout'j today
at \ p.m. in the Women's Gym.
Those who have had one quarter of
modern dancing or the equivalent
are eligible.
Orche is will hold tryout'j today
at \ p.m. in the Women's Gym.
Those who have had one quarter of
modern dancing or the equivalent
are eligible.
Orche is will hold tryout'j today
at \ p.m. in the Women's Gym.
Those who have had one quarter of
modern dancing or the equivalent
are eligible.
Orche is will hold tryout'j today
at \ p.m. in the Women's Gym.
Those who have had one quarter of
modern dancing or the equivalent
are eligible.
Orche is will hold tryout'j today
at \ p.m. in the Women's Gym.
Those who have had one quarter of
modern dancing or the equivalent
are eligible.
Orche is will hold tryout'j today
at \ p.m. in the Women's Gym.
Those who have had one quarter of
modern dancing or the equivalent
are eligible.
Orche is will hold tryout'j today
at \ p.m. in the Women's Gym.
Those who have had one quarter of
modern dancing or the equivalent
are eligible.
Orche is will hold tryout'j today
at \ p.m. in the Women's Gym.
Those who have had one quarter of
modern dancing or the equivalent
are eligible.
Orche is will hold tryout'j today
at \ p.m. in the Women's Gym.
Those who have had one quarter of
modern dancing or the equivalent
are eligible.
Orche is will hold tryout'j today
at \ p.m. in the Women's Gym.
Those who have had one quarter of
modern dancing or the equivalent
are eligible.
Orche is will hold tryout'j today
at \ p.m. in the Women's Gym.
Those who have had one quarter of
modern dancing or the equivalent
are eligible.
Orche is will hold tryout'j today
at \ p.m. in the Women's Gym.
Those who have had one quarter of
modern dancing or the equivalent
are eligible.
Orche is will hold tryout'j today
at \ p.m. in the Women's Gym.
Those who have had one quarter of
modern dancing or the equivalent
are eligible.
Orche is will hold tryout'j today
at \ p.m. in the Women's Gym.
Those who have had one quarter of
modern dancing or the equivalent
are eligible.
Orche is will hold tryout'j today
at \ p.m. in the Women's Gym.
Those who have had one quarter of
modern dancing or the equivalent
are eligible.
