# Today Is Last Chance For Coed Quad Photos
## 
### 
Today is the last day for women
to have their pictures taken for
the Quad. The pictures will he
taken at the Quad oflicc from 10
to 12 and from 1 to 5. Women
should wear white blouses and
bring SI.
Today is the last day for women
to have their pictures taken for
the Quad. The pictures will he
taken at the Quad oflicc from 10
to 12 and from 1 to 5. Women
should wear white blouses and
bring SI.
Today is the last day for women
to have their pictures taken for
the Quad. The pictures will he
taken at the Quad oflicc from 10
to 12 and from 1 to 5. Women
should wear white blouses and
bring SI.
Today is the last day for women
to have their pictures taken for
the Quad. The pictures will he
taken at the Quad oflicc from 10
to 12 and from 1 to 5. Women
should wear white blouses and
bring SI.
Today is the last day for women
to have their pictures taken for
the Quad. The pictures will he
taken at the Quad oflicc from 10
to 12 and from 1 to 5. Women
should wear white blouses and
bring SI.
Today is the last day for women
to have their pictures taken for
the Quad. The pictures will he
taken at the Quad oflicc from 10
to 12 and from 1 to 5. Women
should wear white blouses and
bring SI.
Today is the last day for women
to have their pictures taken for
the Quad. The pictures will he
taken at the Quad oflicc from 10
to 12 and from 1 to 5. Women
should wear white blouses and
bring SI.
Today is the last day for women
to have their pictures taken for
the Quad. The pictures will he
taken at the Quad oflicc from 10
to 12 and from 1 to 5. Women
should wear white blouses and
bring SI.
Today is the last day for women
to have their pictures taken for
the Quad. The pictures will he
taken at the Quad oflicc from 10
to 12 and from 1 to 5. Women
should wear white blouses and
bring SI.
Today is the last day for women
to have their pictures taken for
the Quad. The pictures will he
taken at the Quad oflicc from 10
to 12 and from 1 to 5. Women
should wear white blouses and
bring SI.
Today is the last day for women
to have their pictures taken for
the Quad. The pictures will he
taken at the Quad oflicc from 10
to 12 and from 1 to 5. Women
should wear white blouses and
bring SI.
Today is the last day for women
to have their pictures taken for
the Quad. The pictures will he
taken at the Quad oflicc from 10
to 12 and from 1 to 5. Women
should wear white blouses and
bring SI.
Today is the last day for women
to have their pictures taken for
the Quad. The pictures will he
taken at the Quad oflicc from 10
to 12 and from 1 to 5. Women
should wear white blouses and
bring SI.
Today is the last day for women
to have their pictures taken for
the Quad. The pictures will he
taken at the Quad oflicc from 10
to 12 and from 1 to 5. Women
should wear white blouses and
bring SI.
Today is the last day for women
to have their pictures taken for
the Quad. The pictures will he
taken at the Quad oflicc from 10
to 12 and from 1 to 5. Women
should wear white blouses and
bring SI.
