# PLAYS LEAD IN 'ST. JOAN'
## 
### 

JANICE SCHWENSON, who plays the lead in the Stanford Players'
production of George Bernard Shaw's "St. Joan," which opens tonight
in the Memorial Theater.

JANICE SCHWENSON, who plays the lead in the Stanford Players'
production of George Bernard Shaw's "St. Joan," which opens tonight
in the Memorial Theater.

JANICE SCHWENSON, who plays the lead in the Stanford Players'
production of George Bernard Shaw's "St. Joan," which opens tonight
in the Memorial Theater.

JANICE SCHWENSON, who plays the lead in the Stanford Players'
production of George Bernard Shaw's "St. Joan," which opens tonight
in the Memorial Theater.

JANICE SCHWENSON, who plays the lead in the Stanford Players'
production of George Bernard Shaw's "St. Joan," which opens tonight
in the Memorial Theater.

JANICE SCHWENSON, who plays the lead in the Stanford Players'
production of George Bernard Shaw's "St. Joan," which opens tonight
in the Memorial Theater.

JANICE SCHWENSON, who plays the lead in the Stanford Players'
production of George Bernard Shaw's "St. Joan," which opens tonight
in the Memorial Theater.

JANICE SCHWENSON, who plays the lead in the Stanford Players'
production of George Bernard Shaw's "St. Joan," which opens tonight
in the Memorial Theater.

JANICE SCHWENSON, who plays the lead in the Stanford Players'
production of George Bernard Shaw's "St. Joan," which opens tonight
in the Memorial Theater.

JANICE SCHWENSON, who plays the lead in the Stanford Players'
production of George Bernard Shaw's "St. Joan," which opens tonight
in the Memorial Theater.

JANICE SCHWENSON, who plays the lead in the Stanford Players'
production of George Bernard Shaw's "St. Joan," which opens tonight
in the Memorial Theater.

JANICE SCHWENSON, who plays the lead in the Stanford Players'
production of George Bernard Shaw's "St. Joan," which opens tonight
in the Memorial Theater.

JANICE SCHWENSON, who plays the lead in the Stanford Players'
production of George Bernard Shaw's "St. Joan," which opens tonight
in the Memorial Theater.

JANICE SCHWENSON, who plays the lead in the Stanford Players'
production of George Bernard Shaw's "St. Joan," which opens tonight
in the Memorial Theater.

JANICE SCHWENSON, who plays the lead in the Stanford Players'
production of George Bernard Shaw's "St. Joan," which opens tonight
in the Memorial Theater.

JANICE SCHWENSON, who plays the lead in the Stanford Players'
production of George Bernard Shaw's "St. Joan," which opens tonight
in the Memorial Theater.

JANICE SCHWENSON, who plays the lead in the Stanford Players'
production of George Bernard Shaw's "St. Joan," which opens tonight
in the Memorial Theater.

JANICE SCHWENSON, who plays the lead in the Stanford Players'
production of George Bernard Shaw's "St. Joan," which opens tonight
in the Memorial Theater.
