# RUSSIAN ARMY ORGAN PAYS BRITISH TRIBUTE
## 
### 
MOSCOW, Jan. 26 (UP). â€” The
official organ of Ihe Soviet army,
Red Star, today paid high tribute to
Britain's war strategy in Europe and
Africa and asserted that Germany
would be compelled to use "a colos
sal force" for any attempted inva
sion of the British Isles.
Italy, it was said by the Red Star,
faces the prospect of being knocked
ocmpletely out of the war in Africa
under the hammering blows of the
British.
"The powerful German military
machine has proved inadequate to
overcome the water barrier con
trolled by the strong British navy,"
it was added in reference to the
English Channel.
"If, on the other hand, both sides
give up the problematic possibility
of decisive action on the land the
aters and prefer 'the Battle of Eng
land' the war may last many years."
