# PRESIDENT GETS BIRTHDAY CAKE
## 
### 

SEEMINGLY PRETTY HAPPY about the whole thing. President Roosevelt is shown as he received a
hirthday cake from William Cireen, president of the American Federation of Labor. The cake was do
nated by the AFL for the celebration of January. 30.

SEEMINGLY PRETTY HAPPY about the whole thing. President Roosevelt is shown as he received a
hirthday cake from William Cireen, president of the American Federation of Labor. The cake was do
nated by the AFL for the celebration of January. 30.

SEEMINGLY PRETTY HAPPY about the whole thing. President Roosevelt is shown as he received a
hirthday cake from William Cireen, president of the American Federation of Labor. The cake was do
nated by the AFL for the celebration of January. 30.

SEEMINGLY PRETTY HAPPY about the whole thing. President Roosevelt is shown as he received a
hirthday cake from William Cireen, president of the American Federation of Labor. The cake was do
nated by the AFL for the celebration of January. 30.

SEEMINGLY PRETTY HAPPY about the whole thing. President Roosevelt is shown as he received a
hirthday cake from William Cireen, president of the American Federation of Labor. The cake was do
nated by the AFL for the celebration of January. 30.

SEEMINGLY PRETTY HAPPY about the whole thing. President Roosevelt is shown as he received a
hirthday cake from William Cireen, president of the American Federation of Labor. The cake was do
nated by the AFL for the celebration of January. 30.

SEEMINGLY PRETTY HAPPY about the whole thing. President Roosevelt is shown as he received a
hirthday cake from William Cireen, president of the American Federation of Labor. The cake was do
nated by the AFL for the celebration of January. 30.

SEEMINGLY PRETTY HAPPY about the whole thing. President Roosevelt is shown as he received a
hirthday cake from William Cireen, president of the American Federation of Labor. The cake was do
nated by the AFL for the celebration of January. 30.

SEEMINGLY PRETTY HAPPY about the whole thing. President Roosevelt is shown as he received a
hirthday cake from William Cireen, president of the American Federation of Labor. The cake was do
nated by the AFL for the celebration of January. 30.

SEEMINGLY PRETTY HAPPY about the whole thing. President Roosevelt is shown as he received a
hirthday cake from William Cireen, president of the American Federation of Labor. The cake was do
nated by the AFL for the celebration of January. 30.

SEEMINGLY PRETTY HAPPY about the whole thing. President Roosevelt is shown as he received a
hirthday cake from William Cireen, president of the American Federation of Labor. The cake was do
nated by the AFL for the celebration of January. 30.

SEEMINGLY PRETTY HAPPY about the whole thing. President Roosevelt is shown as he received a
hirthday cake from William Cireen, president of the American Federation of Labor. The cake was do
nated by the AFL for the celebration of January. 30.

SEEMINGLY PRETTY HAPPY about the whole thing. President Roosevelt is shown as he received a
hirthday cake from William Cireen, president of the American Federation of Labor. The cake was do
nated by the AFL for the celebration of January. 30.

SEEMINGLY PRETTY HAPPY about the whole thing. President Roosevelt is shown as he received a
hirthday cake from William Cireen, president of the American Federation of Labor. The cake was do
nated by the AFL for the celebration of January. 30.

SEEMINGLY PRETTY HAPPY about the whole thing. President Roosevelt is shown as he received a
hirthday cake from William Cireen, president of the American Federation of Labor. The cake was do
nated by the AFL for the celebration of January. 30.

SEEMINGLY PRETTY HAPPY about the whole thing. President Roosevelt is shown as he received a
hirthday cake from William Cireen, president of the American Federation of Labor. The cake was do
nated by the AFL for the celebration of January. 30.

SEEMINGLY PRETTY HAPPY about the whole thing. President Roosevelt is shown as he received a
hirthday cake from William Cireen, president of the American Federation of Labor. The cake was do
nated by the AFL for the celebration of January. 30.

SEEMINGLY PRETTY HAPPY about the whole thing. President Roosevelt is shown as he received a
hirthday cake from William Cireen, president of the American Federation of Labor. The cake was do
nated by the AFL for the celebration of January. 30.
