# Junior Day "Chaparral."
## 
### 
The Junior Day issue of the Chap
arral under its new management
came from the press this morning,
and will be placed on sale this
evening at the Farce, and tomorrow
at both the athletic events. It is
bright and up-to-date, and en
larged to eighteen pages. The
center-page, by Culver, is done in
his usual catching style. The cover
drawing is by Bristow Adams, sug
gesting a trite proverb applicable
to the day. The issue will be sold
at the Bookstore and the Cardinal
Cat, and the usual places in Palo
Alto. Subscriptions will be received
for the remainder of the year, in
cluding the Junior Day edition, for
fifty cents. The next issue will be
out April 14th.
