# APPOINTED
## 
### 
William N. Doak, head of the
brotherhood of railroad trainmen,
has heen named for secretary of
labor to succeed Senator-Elect
James J. Davis of Pennsylvania.
William N. Doak, head of the
brotherhood of railroad trainmen,
has heen named for secretary of
labor to succeed Senator-Elect
James J. Davis of Pennsylvania.
William N. Doak, head of the
brotherhood of railroad trainmen,
has heen named for secretary of
labor to succeed Senator-Elect
James J. Davis of Pennsylvania.
William N. Doak, head of the
brotherhood of railroad trainmen,
has heen named for secretary of
labor to succeed Senator-Elect
James J. Davis of Pennsylvania.
William N. Doak, head of the
brotherhood of railroad trainmen,
has heen named for secretary of
labor to succeed Senator-Elect
James J. Davis of Pennsylvania.
William N. Doak, head of the
brotherhood of railroad trainmen,
has heen named for secretary of
labor to succeed Senator-Elect
James J. Davis of Pennsylvania.
William N. Doak, head of the
brotherhood of railroad trainmen,
has heen named for secretary of
labor to succeed Senator-Elect
James J. Davis of Pennsylvania.
William N. Doak, head of the
brotherhood of railroad trainmen,
has heen named for secretary of
labor to succeed Senator-Elect
James J. Davis of Pennsylvania.
William N. Doak, head of the
brotherhood of railroad trainmen,
has heen named for secretary of
labor to succeed Senator-Elect
James J. Davis of Pennsylvania.
William N. Doak, head of the
brotherhood of railroad trainmen,
has heen named for secretary of
labor to succeed Senator-Elect
James J. Davis of Pennsylvania.
William N. Doak, head of the
brotherhood of railroad trainmen,
has heen named for secretary of
labor to succeed Senator-Elect
James J. Davis of Pennsylvania.
William N. Doak, head of the
brotherhood of railroad trainmen,
has heen named for secretary of
labor to succeed Senator-Elect
James J. Davis of Pennsylvania.
William N. Doak, head of the
brotherhood of railroad trainmen,
has heen named for secretary of
labor to succeed Senator-Elect
James J. Davis of Pennsylvania.
William N. Doak, head of the
brotherhood of railroad trainmen,
has heen named for secretary of
labor to succeed Senator-Elect
James J. Davis of Pennsylvania.
William N. Doak, head of the
brotherhood of railroad trainmen,
has heen named for secretary of
labor to succeed Senator-Elect
James J. Davis of Pennsylvania.
William N. Doak, head of the
brotherhood of railroad trainmen,
has heen named for secretary of
labor to succeed Senator-Elect
James J. Davis of Pennsylvania.
