# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In Japan 95 per cent of the auto
mobiles now arc used for commer
cial purposes.
In Japan 95 per cent of the auto
mobiles now arc used for commer
cial purposes.
In Japan 95 per cent of the auto
mobiles now arc used for commer
cial purposes.
In Japan 95 per cent of the auto
mobiles now arc used for commer
cial purposes.
In Japan 95 per cent of the auto
mobiles now arc used for commer
cial purposes.
In Japan 95 per cent of the auto
mobiles now arc used for commer
cial purposes.
In Japan 95 per cent of the auto
mobiles now arc used for commer
cial purposes.
In Japan 95 per cent of the auto
mobiles now arc used for commer
cial purposes.
In Japan 95 per cent of the auto
mobiles now arc used for commer
cial purposes.
In Japan 95 per cent of the auto
mobiles now arc used for commer
cial purposes.
In Japan 95 per cent of the auto
mobiles now arc used for commer
cial purposes.
In Japan 95 per cent of the auto
mobiles now arc used for commer
cial purposes.
In Japan 95 per cent of the auto
mobiles now arc used for commer
cial purposes.
In Japan 95 per cent of the auto
mobiles now arc used for commer
cial purposes.
In Japan 95 per cent of the auto
mobiles now arc used for commer
cial purposes.
In Japan 95 per cent of the auto
mobiles now arc used for commer
cial purposes.
