# BEST IN WEST
## 
### 
Stanford's baseball diamond has
been officially recognized as being
the best on the West Coast.
Stanford's baseball diamond has
been officially recognized as being
the best on the West Coast.
Stanford's baseball diamond has
been officially recognized as being
the best on the West Coast.
Stanford's baseball diamond has
been officially recognized as being
the best on the West Coast.
Stanford's baseball diamond has
been officially recognized as being
the best on the West Coast.
Stanford's baseball diamond has
been officially recognized as being
the best on the West Coast.
Stanford's baseball diamond has
been officially recognized as being
the best on the West Coast.
Stanford's baseball diamond has
been officially recognized as being
the best on the West Coast.
Stanford's baseball diamond has
been officially recognized as being
the best on the West Coast.
Stanford's baseball diamond has
been officially recognized as being
the best on the West Coast.
Stanford's baseball diamond has
been officially recognized as being
the best on the West Coast.
Stanford's baseball diamond has
been officially recognized as being
the best on the West Coast.
Stanford's baseball diamond has
been officially recognized as being
the best on the West Coast.
Stanford's baseball diamond has
been officially recognized as being
the best on the West Coast.
Stanford's baseball diamond has
been officially recognized as being
the best on the West Coast.
