# The 						Knoll to Feature Open House Saturday
## 
### 
The Knoll will be the scene of a
dance and open house given by
graduate women for returned serv
icemen and graduate men on Sat
urday, Feb. 2, from 8:30 to 12.
Juniper House will take care of
refreshments; music will be ar
ranged by Hilltop, while Knoll will
provide the decorations. Madrono
Annex is handling the publicity and
off-campus graduates will take care
of the invitations.
The Knoll will be the scene of a
dance and open house given by
graduate women for returned serv
icemen and graduate men on Sat
urday, Feb. 2, from 8:30 to 12.
Juniper House will take care of
refreshments; music will be ar
ranged by Hilltop, while Knoll will
provide the decorations. Madrono
Annex is handling the publicity and
off-campus graduates will take care
of the invitations.
The Knoll will be the scene of a
dance and open house given by
graduate women for returned serv
icemen and graduate men on Sat
urday, Feb. 2, from 8:30 to 12.
Juniper House will take care of
refreshments; music will be ar
ranged by Hilltop, while Knoll will
provide the decorations. Madrono
Annex is handling the publicity and
off-campus graduates will take care
of the invitations.
The Knoll will be the scene of a
dance and open house given by
graduate women for returned serv
icemen and graduate men on Sat
urday, Feb. 2, from 8:30 to 12.
Juniper House will take care of
refreshments; music will be ar
ranged by Hilltop, while Knoll will
provide the decorations. Madrono
Annex is handling the publicity and
off-campus graduates will take care
of the invitations.
The Knoll will be the scene of a
dance and open house given by
graduate women for returned serv
icemen and graduate men on Sat
urday, Feb. 2, from 8:30 to 12.
Juniper House will take care of
refreshments; music will be ar
ranged by Hilltop, while Knoll will
provide the decorations. Madrono
Annex is handling the publicity and
off-campus graduates will take care
of the invitations.
The Knoll will be the scene of a
dance and open house given by
graduate women for returned serv
icemen and graduate men on Sat
urday, Feb. 2, from 8:30 to 12.
Juniper House will take care of
refreshments; music will be ar
ranged by Hilltop, while Knoll will
provide the decorations. Madrono
Annex is handling the publicity and
off-campus graduates will take care
of the invitations.
The Knoll will be the scene of a
dance and open house given by
graduate women for returned serv
icemen and graduate men on Sat
urday, Feb. 2, from 8:30 to 12.
Juniper House will take care of
refreshments; music will be ar
ranged by Hilltop, while Knoll will
provide the decorations. Madrono
Annex is handling the publicity and
off-campus graduates will take care
of the invitations.
The Knoll will be the scene of a
dance and open house given by
graduate women for returned serv
icemen and graduate men on Sat
urday, Feb. 2, from 8:30 to 12.
Juniper House will take care of
refreshments; music will be ar
ranged by Hilltop, while Knoll will
provide the decorations. Madrono
Annex is handling the publicity and
off-campus graduates will take care
of the invitations.
The Knoll will be the scene of a
dance and open house given by
graduate women for returned serv
icemen and graduate men on Sat
urday, Feb. 2, from 8:30 to 12.
Juniper House will take care of
refreshments; music will be ar
ranged by Hilltop, while Knoll will
provide the decorations. Madrono
Annex is handling the publicity and
off-campus graduates will take care
of the invitations.
The Knoll will be the scene of a
dance and open house given by
graduate women for returned serv
icemen and graduate men on Sat
urday, Feb. 2, from 8:30 to 12.
Juniper House will take care of
refreshments; music will be ar
ranged by Hilltop, while Knoll will
provide the decorations. Madrono
Annex is handling the publicity and
off-campus graduates will take care
of the invitations.
The Knoll will be the scene of a
dance and open house given by
graduate women for returned serv
icemen and graduate men on Sat
urday, Feb. 2, from 8:30 to 12.
Juniper House will take care of
refreshments; music will be ar
ranged by Hilltop, while Knoll will
provide the decorations. Madrono
Annex is handling the publicity and
off-campus graduates will take care
of the invitations.
The Knoll will be the scene of a
dance and open house given by
graduate women for returned serv
icemen and graduate men on Sat
urday, Feb. 2, from 8:30 to 12.
Juniper House will take care of
refreshments; music will be ar
ranged by Hilltop, while Knoll will
provide the decorations. Madrono
Annex is handling the publicity and
off-campus graduates will take care
of the invitations.
The Knoll will be the scene of a
dance and open house given by
graduate women for returned serv
icemen and graduate men on Sat
urday, Feb. 2, from 8:30 to 12.
Juniper House will take care of
refreshments; music will be ar
ranged by Hilltop, while Knoll will
provide the decorations. Madrono
Annex is handling the publicity and
off-campus graduates will take care
of the invitations.
The Knoll will be the scene of a
dance and open house given by
graduate women for returned serv
icemen and graduate men on Sat
urday, Feb. 2, from 8:30 to 12.
Juniper House will take care of
refreshments; music will be ar
ranged by Hilltop, while Knoll will
provide the decorations. Madrono
Annex is handling the publicity and
off-campus graduates will take care
of the invitations.
The Knoll will be the scene of a
dance and open house given by
graduate women for returned serv
icemen and graduate men on Sat
urday, Feb. 2, from 8:30 to 12.
Juniper House will take care of
refreshments; music will be ar
ranged by Hilltop, while Knoll will
provide the decorations. Madrono
Annex is handling the publicity and
off-campus graduates will take care
of the invitations.
