# BUSINESS STAFF TO MEET
## 
### 
There will be a meeting of the
advertising staff of the Daily Tues
day at 4 in the Daily business office.
It is important that all members at
tend.
There will be a meeting of the
advertising staff of the Daily Tues
day at 4 in the Daily business office.
It is important that all members at
tend.
There will be a meeting of the
advertising staff of the Daily Tues
day at 4 in the Daily business office.
It is important that all members at
tend.
There will be a meeting of the
advertising staff of the Daily Tues
day at 4 in the Daily business office.
It is important that all members at
tend.
There will be a meeting of the
advertising staff of the Daily Tues
day at 4 in the Daily business office.
It is important that all members at
tend.
There will be a meeting of the
advertising staff of the Daily Tues
day at 4 in the Daily business office.
It is important that all members at
tend.
There will be a meeting of the
advertising staff of the Daily Tues
day at 4 in the Daily business office.
It is important that all members at
tend.
There will be a meeting of the
advertising staff of the Daily Tues
day at 4 in the Daily business office.
It is important that all members at
tend.
There will be a meeting of the
advertising staff of the Daily Tues
day at 4 in the Daily business office.
It is important that all members at
tend.
There will be a meeting of the
advertising staff of the Daily Tues
day at 4 in the Daily business office.
It is important that all members at
tend.
There will be a meeting of the
advertising staff of the Daily Tues
day at 4 in the Daily business office.
It is important that all members at
tend.
There will be a meeting of the
advertising staff of the Daily Tues
day at 4 in the Daily business office.
It is important that all members at
tend.
There will be a meeting of the
advertising staff of the Daily Tues
day at 4 in the Daily business office.
It is important that all members at
tend.
There will be a meeting of the
advertising staff of the Daily Tues
day at 4 in the Daily business office.
It is important that all members at
tend.
There will be a meeting of the
advertising staff of the Daily Tues
day at 4 in the Daily business office.
It is important that all members at
tend.
