# Vaccinations Due For New Students
## 
### 
Vaccination certificates are to
be turned in to the Registrar's
Office by Thursday for all new
stud< nts, including those having
permits to attend classes, and all
others whose certificates have ex
pired.
Those who fail to file their cer
tificates by 5 p.m. Thursday will
have to pay a $2 fine. If they are
not in by Feb. 7, registration in
the University will be subject to
cancellation by the Committee on
Public Health!
Vaccination certificates are to
be turned in to the Registrar's
Office by Thursday for all new
stud< nts, including those having
permits to attend classes, and all
others whose certificates have ex
pired.
Those who fail to file their cer
tificates by 5 p.m. Thursday will
have to pay a $2 fine. If they are
not in by Feb. 7, registration in
the University will be subject to
cancellation by the Committee on
Public Health!
Vaccination certificates are to
be turned in to the Registrar's
Office by Thursday for all new
stud< nts, including those having
permits to attend classes, and all
others whose certificates have ex
pired.
Those who fail to file their cer
tificates by 5 p.m. Thursday will
have to pay a $2 fine. If they are
not in by Feb. 7, registration in
the University will be subject to
cancellation by the Committee on
Public Health!
Vaccination certificates are to
be turned in to the Registrar's
Office by Thursday for all new
stud< nts, including those having
permits to attend classes, and all
others whose certificates have ex
pired.
Those who fail to file their cer
tificates by 5 p.m. Thursday will
have to pay a $2 fine. If they are
not in by Feb. 7, registration in
the University will be subject to
cancellation by the Committee on
Public Health!
Vaccination certificates are to
be turned in to the Registrar's
Office by Thursday for all new
stud< nts, including those having
permits to attend classes, and all
others whose certificates have ex
pired.
Those who fail to file their cer
tificates by 5 p.m. Thursday will
have to pay a $2 fine. If they are
not in by Feb. 7, registration in
the University will be subject to
cancellation by the Committee on
Public Health!
Vaccination certificates are to
be turned in to the Registrar's
Office by Thursday for all new
stud< nts, including those having
permits to attend classes, and all
others whose certificates have ex
pired.
Those who fail to file their cer
tificates by 5 p.m. Thursday will
have to pay a $2 fine. If they are
not in by Feb. 7, registration in
the University will be subject to
cancellation by the Committee on
Public Health!
Vaccination certificates are to
be turned in to the Registrar's
Office by Thursday for all new
stud< nts, including those having
permits to attend classes, and all
others whose certificates have ex
pired.
Those who fail to file their cer
tificates by 5 p.m. Thursday will
have to pay a $2 fine. If they are
not in by Feb. 7, registration in
the University will be subject to
cancellation by the Committee on
Public Health!
Vaccination certificates are to
be turned in to the Registrar's
Office by Thursday for all new
stud< nts, including those having
permits to attend classes, and all
others whose certificates have ex
pired.
Those who fail to file their cer
tificates by 5 p.m. Thursday will
have to pay a $2 fine. If they are
not in by Feb. 7, registration in
the University will be subject to
cancellation by the Committee on
Public Health!
Vaccination certificates are to
be turned in to the Registrar's
Office by Thursday for all new
stud< nts, including those having
permits to attend classes, and all
others whose certificates have ex
pired.
Those who fail to file their cer
tificates by 5 p.m. Thursday will
have to pay a $2 fine. If they are
not in by Feb. 7, registration in
the University will be subject to
cancellation by the Committee on
Public Health!
Vaccination certificates are to
be turned in to the Registrar's
Office by Thursday for all new
stud< nts, including those having
permits to attend classes, and all
others whose certificates have ex
pired.
Those who fail to file their cer
tificates by 5 p.m. Thursday will
have to pay a $2 fine. If they are
not in by Feb. 7, registration in
the University will be subject to
cancellation by the Committee on
Public Health!
Vaccination certificates are to
be turned in to the Registrar's
Office by Thursday for all new
stud< nts, including those having
permits to attend classes, and all
others whose certificates have ex
pired.
Those who fail to file their cer
tificates by 5 p.m. Thursday will
have to pay a $2 fine. If they are
not in by Feb. 7, registration in
the University will be subject to
cancellation by the Committee on
Public Health!
Vaccination certificates are to
be turned in to the Registrar's
Office by Thursday for all new
stud< nts, including those having
permits to attend classes, and all
others whose certificates have ex
pired.
Those who fail to file their cer
tificates by 5 p.m. Thursday will
have to pay a $2 fine. If they are
not in by Feb. 7, registration in
the University will be subject to
cancellation by the Committee on
Public Health!
Vaccination certificates are to
be turned in to the Registrar's
Office by Thursday for all new
stud< nts, including those having
permits to attend classes, and all
others whose certificates have ex
pired.
Those who fail to file their cer
tificates by 5 p.m. Thursday will
have to pay a $2 fine. If they are
not in by Feb. 7, registration in
the University will be subject to
cancellation by the Committee on
Public Health!
Vaccination certificates are to
be turned in to the Registrar's
Office by Thursday for all new
stud< nts, including those having
permits to attend classes, and all
others whose certificates have ex
pired.
Those who fail to file their cer
tificates by 5 p.m. Thursday will
have to pay a $2 fine. If they are
not in by Feb. 7, registration in
the University will be subject to
cancellation by the Committee on
Public Health!
Vaccination certificates are to
be turned in to the Registrar's
Office by Thursday for all new
stud< nts, including those having
permits to attend classes, and all
others whose certificates have ex
pired.
Those who fail to file their cer
tificates by 5 p.m. Thursday will
have to pay a $2 fine. If they are
not in by Feb. 7, registration in
the University will be subject to
cancellation by the Committee on
Public Health!
