# Philologists Plan Second Meeting
## 
### 
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will hold their second meet
ing of the year Thursday at 4:15
p.m.
Two papers will be presented:
"Old English Ghost Words," by Her
bert Dean Meritt, associate profes
sor of English, and "Metrical Ex
pressiveness in Goethe's Faust," by
Bayard Quincy Morgan, professor of
Ce:man. Faculty, students and vis
itors are welcome.
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will hold their second meet
ing of the year Thursday at 4:15
p.m.
Two papers will be presented:
"Old English Ghost Words," by Her
bert Dean Meritt, associate profes
sor of English, and "Metrical Ex
pressiveness in Goethe's Faust," by
Bayard Quincy Morgan, professor of
Ce:man. Faculty, students and vis
itors are welcome.
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will hold their second meet
ing of the year Thursday at 4:15
p.m.
Two papers will be presented:
"Old English Ghost Words," by Her
bert Dean Meritt, associate profes
sor of English, and "Metrical Ex
pressiveness in Goethe's Faust," by
Bayard Quincy Morgan, professor of
Ce:man. Faculty, students and vis
itors are welcome.
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will hold their second meet
ing of the year Thursday at 4:15
p.m.
Two papers will be presented:
"Old English Ghost Words," by Her
bert Dean Meritt, associate profes
sor of English, and "Metrical Ex
pressiveness in Goethe's Faust," by
Bayard Quincy Morgan, professor of
Ce:man. Faculty, students and vis
itors are welcome.
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will hold their second meet
ing of the year Thursday at 4:15
p.m.
Two papers will be presented:
"Old English Ghost Words," by Her
bert Dean Meritt, associate profes
sor of English, and "Metrical Ex
pressiveness in Goethe's Faust," by
Bayard Quincy Morgan, professor of
Ce:man. Faculty, students and vis
itors are welcome.
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will hold their second meet
ing of the year Thursday at 4:15
p.m.
Two papers will be presented:
"Old English Ghost Words," by Her
bert Dean Meritt, associate profes
sor of English, and "Metrical Ex
pressiveness in Goethe's Faust," by
Bayard Quincy Morgan, professor of
Ce:man. Faculty, students and vis
itors are welcome.
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will hold their second meet
ing of the year Thursday at 4:15
p.m.
Two papers will be presented:
"Old English Ghost Words," by Her
bert Dean Meritt, associate profes
sor of English, and "Metrical Ex
pressiveness in Goethe's Faust," by
Bayard Quincy Morgan, professor of
Ce:man. Faculty, students and vis
itors are welcome.
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will hold their second meet
ing of the year Thursday at 4:15
p.m.
Two papers will be presented:
"Old English Ghost Words," by Her
bert Dean Meritt, associate profes
sor of English, and "Metrical Ex
pressiveness in Goethe's Faust," by
Bayard Quincy Morgan, professor of
Ce:man. Faculty, students and vis
itors are welcome.
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will hold their second meet
ing of the year Thursday at 4:15
p.m.
Two papers will be presented:
"Old English Ghost Words," by Her
bert Dean Meritt, associate profes
sor of English, and "Metrical Ex
pressiveness in Goethe's Faust," by
Bayard Quincy Morgan, professor of
Ce:man. Faculty, students and vis
itors are welcome.
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will hold their second meet
ing of the year Thursday at 4:15
p.m.
Two papers will be presented:
"Old English Ghost Words," by Her
bert Dean Meritt, associate profes
sor of English, and "Metrical Ex
pressiveness in Goethe's Faust," by
Bayard Quincy Morgan, professor of
Ce:man. Faculty, students and vis
itors are welcome.
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will hold their second meet
ing of the year Thursday at 4:15
p.m.
Two papers will be presented:
"Old English Ghost Words," by Her
bert Dean Meritt, associate profes
sor of English, and "Metrical Ex
pressiveness in Goethe's Faust," by
Bayard Quincy Morgan, professor of
Ce:man. Faculty, students and vis
itors are welcome.
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will hold their second meet
ing of the year Thursday at 4:15
p.m.
Two papers will be presented:
"Old English Ghost Words," by Her
bert Dean Meritt, associate profes
sor of English, and "Metrical Ex
pressiveness in Goethe's Faust," by
Bayard Quincy Morgan, professor of
Ce:man. Faculty, students and vis
itors are welcome.
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will hold their second meet
ing of the year Thursday at 4:15
p.m.
Two papers will be presented:
"Old English Ghost Words," by Her
bert Dean Meritt, associate profes
sor of English, and "Metrical Ex
pressiveness in Goethe's Faust," by
Bayard Quincy Morgan, professor of
Ce:man. Faculty, students and vis
itors are welcome.
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will hold their second meet
ing of the year Thursday at 4:15
p.m.
Two papers will be presented:
"Old English Ghost Words," by Her
bert Dean Meritt, associate profes
sor of English, and "Metrical Ex
pressiveness in Goethe's Faust," by
Bayard Quincy Morgan, professor of
Ce:man. Faculty, students and vis
itors are welcome.
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will hold their second meet
ing of the year Thursday at 4:15
p.m.
Two papers will be presented:
"Old English Ghost Words," by Her
bert Dean Meritt, associate profes
sor of English, and "Metrical Ex
pressiveness in Goethe's Faust," by
Bayard Quincy Morgan, professor of
Ce:man. Faculty, students and vis
itors are welcome.
