# MEXICAN YEAR BOOK RECEIVED AT LIBRARY
## 
### 
The Mexican Year Book for 1920-21
has recently been received. This is a
standard authority on the conditions in
Mexico, and is issued to meet the de
mand for unbiased information concern
ing that country. It gives an accurate
account of the history, government,
commerce, and natural resources of
Mexico.
Among the special contributions is an
i account of the present labor conditions
! in Mexico by Professor Martin of the
Stanford History Department. It is a
concise statement of the characteristics
of Mexican labor in agriculture, mining,
and industry. In considering Mexican
labnr as judged by foreign standards,
Professor Martin writes, "It is cheap,
improvident, and uneconomical, but con
ditions have shown a slow but steady
tendency toward improvement."
