# EX COMMITTEE NOTES
## 
### 
M.S.C. That the Vice-President of
the A.S.S.U. be sent to the Pacific
Student Presidents Association con
vention at Seattle on May 20-21, to
gether with the President.
M.S.C. That the present award sys
tem be incorporated into the consti
tution, amendment to be voted upon
at the spring election on May 25.
M.S.C. That the following date be
granted: Alpha Tau Omega, informal,
June 5.
S
M.S.C. That the Vice-President of
the A.S.S.U. be sent to the Pacific
Student Presidents Association con
vention at Seattle on May 20-21, to
gether with the President.
M.S.C. That the present award sys
tem be incorporated into the consti
tution, amendment to be voted upon
at the spring election on May 25.
M.S.C. That the following date be
granted: Alpha Tau Omega, informal,
June 5.
S
M.S.C. That the Vice-President of
the A.S.S.U. be sent to the Pacific
Student Presidents Association con
vention at Seattle on May 20-21, to
gether with the President.
M.S.C. That the present award sys
tem be incorporated into the consti
tution, amendment to be voted upon
at the spring election on May 25.
M.S.C. That the following date be
granted: Alpha Tau Omega, informal,
June 5.
S
M.S.C. That the Vice-President of
the A.S.S.U. be sent to the Pacific
Student Presidents Association con
vention at Seattle on May 20-21, to
gether with the President.
M.S.C. That the present award sys
tem be incorporated into the consti
tution, amendment to be voted upon
at the spring election on May 25.
M.S.C. That the following date be
granted: Alpha Tau Omega, informal,
June 5.
S
M.S.C. That the Vice-President of
the A.S.S.U. be sent to the Pacific
Student Presidents Association con
vention at Seattle on May 20-21, to
gether with the President.
M.S.C. That the present award sys
tem be incorporated into the consti
tution, amendment to be voted upon
at the spring election on May 25.
M.S.C. That the following date be
granted: Alpha Tau Omega, informal,
June 5.
S
M.S.C. That the Vice-President of
the A.S.S.U. be sent to the Pacific
Student Presidents Association con
vention at Seattle on May 20-21, to
gether with the President.
M.S.C. That the present award sys
tem be incorporated into the consti
tution, amendment to be voted upon
at the spring election on May 25.
M.S.C. That the following date be
granted: Alpha Tau Omega, informal,
June 5.
S
M.S.C. That the Vice-President of
the A.S.S.U. be sent to the Pacific
Student Presidents Association con
vention at Seattle on May 20-21, to
gether with the President.
M.S.C. That the present award sys
tem be incorporated into the consti
tution, amendment to be voted upon
at the spring election on May 25.
M.S.C. That the following date be
granted: Alpha Tau Omega, informal,
June 5.
S
M.S.C. That the Vice-President of
the A.S.S.U. be sent to the Pacific
Student Presidents Association con
vention at Seattle on May 20-21, to
gether with the President.
M.S.C. That the present award sys
tem be incorporated into the consti
tution, amendment to be voted upon
at the spring election on May 25.
M.S.C. That the following date be
granted: Alpha Tau Omega, informal,
June 5.
S
M.S.C. That the Vice-President of
the A.S.S.U. be sent to the Pacific
Student Presidents Association con
vention at Seattle on May 20-21, to
gether with the President.
M.S.C. That the present award sys
tem be incorporated into the consti
tution, amendment to be voted upon
at the spring election on May 25.
M.S.C. That the following date be
granted: Alpha Tau Omega, informal,
June 5.
S
M.S.C. That the Vice-President of
the A.S.S.U. be sent to the Pacific
Student Presidents Association con
vention at Seattle on May 20-21, to
gether with the President.
M.S.C. That the present award sys
tem be incorporated into the consti
tution, amendment to be voted upon
at the spring election on May 25.
M.S.C. That the following date be
granted: Alpha Tau Omega, informal,
June 5.
S
M.S.C. That the Vice-President of
the A.S.S.U. be sent to the Pacific
Student Presidents Association con
vention at Seattle on May 20-21, to
gether with the President.
M.S.C. That the present award sys
tem be incorporated into the consti
tution, amendment to be voted upon
at the spring election on May 25.
M.S.C. That the following date be
granted: Alpha Tau Omega, informal,
June 5.
S
M.S.C. That the Vice-President of
the A.S.S.U. be sent to the Pacific
Student Presidents Association con
vention at Seattle on May 20-21, to
gether with the President.
M.S.C. That the present award sys
tem be incorporated into the consti
tution, amendment to be voted upon
at the spring election on May 25.
M.S.C. That the following date be
granted: Alpha Tau Omega, informal,
June 5.
S
M.S.C. That the Vice-President of
the A.S.S.U. be sent to the Pacific
Student Presidents Association con
vention at Seattle on May 20-21, to
gether with the President.
M.S.C. That the present award sys
tem be incorporated into the consti
tution, amendment to be voted upon
at the spring election on May 25.
M.S.C. That the following date be
granted: Alpha Tau Omega, informal,
June 5.
S
M.S.C. That the Vice-President of
the A.S.S.U. be sent to the Pacific
Student Presidents Association con
vention at Seattle on May 20-21, to
gether with the President.
M.S.C. That the present award sys
tem be incorporated into the consti
tution, amendment to be voted upon
at the spring election on May 25.
M.S.C. That the following date be
granted: Alpha Tau Omega, informal,
June 5.
S
