# PROFESSOR STUART TO ATTEND GENEVA SUMMER INSTITUTE
## 
### 
Professor Graham A. Stuart, of the |
political science department, Francis'
M. Russell. '12, now an instructor at
California, and Miss Amie Cryan, an
instructor at Mills, will attend the
Geneva Institute of International Rela
tions which is to be held this summer
during the week of August 15 to 21.
They were chosen by the Carnegie
Endowment for International Peace to |
attend the Conference of American i
Teachers of International Relations
during the summer.
The Geneva Institute sponsored by j
the League of Nations Non-Partisan;
Association and the League of Nations
Union of Great Britain, will meet for
the third time in its history this sum
mer. Lectures on international affairs
will be given by such prominent men
as E. J. Phelan, director of the Diplo
matic Division of the International
Legislation, and Professor William |
llappard of the Mandates Commission
of the League of Nations. After each j
lecture discussion will be held among
those present.
Professor Graham A. Stuart, of the |
political science department, Francis'
M. Russell. '12, now an instructor at
California, and Miss Amie Cryan, an
instructor at Mills, will attend the
Geneva Institute of International Rela
tions which is to be held this summer
during the week of August 15 to 21.
They were chosen by the Carnegie
Endowment for International Peace to |
attend the Conference of American i
Teachers of International Relations
during the summer.
The Geneva Institute sponsored by j
the League of Nations Non-Partisan;
Association and the League of Nations
Union of Great Britain, will meet for
the third time in its history this sum
mer. Lectures on international affairs
will be given by such prominent men
as E. J. Phelan, director of the Diplo
matic Division of the International
Legislation, and Professor William |
llappard of the Mandates Commission
of the League of Nations. After each j
lecture discussion will be held among
those present.
Professor Graham A. Stuart, of the |
political science department, Francis'
M. Russell. '12, now an instructor at
California, and Miss Amie Cryan, an
instructor at Mills, will attend the
Geneva Institute of International Rela
tions which is to be held this summer
during the week of August 15 to 21.
They were chosen by the Carnegie
Endowment for International Peace to |
attend the Conference of American i
Teachers of International Relations
during the summer.
The Geneva Institute sponsored by j
the League of Nations Non-Partisan;
Association and the League of Nations
Union of Great Britain, will meet for
the third time in its history this sum
mer. Lectures on international affairs
will be given by such prominent men
as E. J. Phelan, director of the Diplo
matic Division of the International
Legislation, and Professor William |
llappard of the Mandates Commission
of the League of Nations. After each j
lecture discussion will be held among
those present.
Professor Graham A. Stuart, of the |
political science department, Francis'
M. Russell. '12, now an instructor at
California, and Miss Amie Cryan, an
instructor at Mills, will attend the
Geneva Institute of International Rela
tions which is to be held this summer
during the week of August 15 to 21.
They were chosen by the Carnegie
Endowment for International Peace to |
attend the Conference of American i
Teachers of International Relations
during the summer.
The Geneva Institute sponsored by j
the League of Nations Non-Partisan;
Association and the League of Nations
Union of Great Britain, will meet for
the third time in its history this sum
mer. Lectures on international affairs
will be given by such prominent men
as E. J. Phelan, director of the Diplo
matic Division of the International
Legislation, and Professor William |
llappard of the Mandates Commission
of the League of Nations. After each j
lecture discussion will be held among
those present.
Professor Graham A. Stuart, of the |
political science department, Francis'
M. Russell. '12, now an instructor at
California, and Miss Amie Cryan, an
instructor at Mills, will attend the
Geneva Institute of International Rela
tions which is to be held this summer
during the week of August 15 to 21.
They were chosen by the Carnegie
Endowment for International Peace to |
attend the Conference of American i
Teachers of International Relations
during the summer.
The Geneva Institute sponsored by j
the League of Nations Non-Partisan;
Association and the League of Nations
Union of Great Britain, will meet for
the third time in its history this sum
mer. Lectures on international affairs
will be given by such prominent men
as E. J. Phelan, director of the Diplo
matic Division of the International
Legislation, and Professor William |
llappard of the Mandates Commission
of the League of Nations. After each j
lecture discussion will be held among
those present.
Professor Graham A. Stuart, of the |
political science department, Francis'
M. Russell. '12, now an instructor at
California, and Miss Amie Cryan, an
instructor at Mills, will attend the
Geneva Institute of International Rela
tions which is to be held this summer
during the week of August 15 to 21.
They were chosen by the Carnegie
Endowment for International Peace to |
attend the Conference of American i
Teachers of International Relations
during the summer.
The Geneva Institute sponsored by j
the League of Nations Non-Partisan;
Association and the League of Nations
Union of Great Britain, will meet for
the third time in its history this sum
mer. Lectures on international affairs
will be given by such prominent men
as E. J. Phelan, director of the Diplo
matic Division of the International
Legislation, and Professor William |
llappard of the Mandates Commission
of the League of Nations. After each j
lecture discussion will be held among
those present.
Professor Graham A. Stuart, of the |
political science department, Francis'
M. Russell. '12, now an instructor at
California, and Miss Amie Cryan, an
instructor at Mills, will attend the
Geneva Institute of International Rela
tions which is to be held this summer
during the week of August 15 to 21.
They were chosen by the Carnegie
Endowment for International Peace to |
attend the Conference of American i
Teachers of International Relations
during the summer.
The Geneva Institute sponsored by j
the League of Nations Non-Partisan;
Association and the League of Nations
Union of Great Britain, will meet for
the third time in its history this sum
mer. Lectures on international affairs
will be given by such prominent men
as E. J. Phelan, director of the Diplo
matic Division of the International
Legislation, and Professor William |
llappard of the Mandates Commission
of the League of Nations. After each j
lecture discussion will be held among
those present.
Professor Graham A. Stuart, of the |
political science department, Francis'
M. Russell. '12, now an instructor at
California, and Miss Amie Cryan, an
instructor at Mills, will attend the
Geneva Institute of International Rela
tions which is to be held this summer
during the week of August 15 to 21.
They were chosen by the Carnegie
Endowment for International Peace to |
attend the Conference of American i
Teachers of International Relations
during the summer.
The Geneva Institute sponsored by j
the League of Nations Non-Partisan;
Association and the League of Nations
Union of Great Britain, will meet for
the third time in its history this sum
mer. Lectures on international affairs
will be given by such prominent men
as E. J. Phelan, director of the Diplo
matic Division of the International
Legislation, and Professor William |
llappard of the Mandates Commission
of the League of Nations. After each j
lecture discussion will be held among
those present.
Professor Graham A. Stuart, of the |
political science department, Francis'
M. Russell. '12, now an instructor at
California, and Miss Amie Cryan, an
instructor at Mills, will attend the
Geneva Institute of International Rela
tions which is to be held this summer
during the week of August 15 to 21.
They were chosen by the Carnegie
Endowment for International Peace to |
attend the Conference of American i
Teachers of International Relations
during the summer.
The Geneva Institute sponsored by j
the League of Nations Non-Partisan;
Association and the League of Nations
Union of Great Britain, will meet for
the third time in its history this sum
mer. Lectures on international affairs
will be given by such prominent men
as E. J. Phelan, director of the Diplo
matic Division of the International
Legislation, and Professor William |
llappard of the Mandates Commission
of the League of Nations. After each j
lecture discussion will be held among
those present.
Professor Graham A. Stuart, of the |
political science department, Francis'
M. Russell. '12, now an instructor at
California, and Miss Amie Cryan, an
instructor at Mills, will attend the
Geneva Institute of International Rela
tions which is to be held this summer
during the week of August 15 to 21.
They were chosen by the Carnegie
Endowment for International Peace to |
attend the Conference of American i
Teachers of International Relations
during the summer.
The Geneva Institute sponsored by j
the League of Nations Non-Partisan;
Association and the League of Nations
Union of Great Britain, will meet for
the third time in its history this sum
mer. Lectures on international affairs
will be given by such prominent men
as E. J. Phelan, director of the Diplo
matic Division of the International
Legislation, and Professor William |
llappard of the Mandates Commission
of the League of Nations. After each j
lecture discussion will be held among
those present.
Professor Graham A. Stuart, of the |
political science department, Francis'
M. Russell. '12, now an instructor at
California, and Miss Amie Cryan, an
instructor at Mills, will attend the
Geneva Institute of International Rela
tions which is to be held this summer
during the week of August 15 to 21.
They were chosen by the Carnegie
Endowment for International Peace to |
attend the Conference of American i
Teachers of International Relations
during the summer.
The Geneva Institute sponsored by j
the League of Nations Non-Partisan;
Association and the League of Nations
Union of Great Britain, will meet for
the third time in its history this sum
mer. Lectures on international affairs
will be given by such prominent men
as E. J. Phelan, director of the Diplo
matic Division of the International
Legislation, and Professor William |
llappard of the Mandates Commission
of the League of Nations. After each j
lecture discussion will be held among
those present.
Professor Graham A. Stuart, of the |
political science department, Francis'
M. Russell. '12, now an instructor at
California, and Miss Amie Cryan, an
instructor at Mills, will attend the
Geneva Institute of International Rela
tions which is to be held this summer
during the week of August 15 to 21.
They were chosen by the Carnegie
Endowment for International Peace to |
attend the Conference of American i
Teachers of International Relations
during the summer.
The Geneva Institute sponsored by j
the League of Nations Non-Partisan;
Association and the League of Nations
Union of Great Britain, will meet for
the third time in its history this sum
mer. Lectures on international affairs
will be given by such prominent men
as E. J. Phelan, director of the Diplo
matic Division of the International
Legislation, and Professor William |
llappard of the Mandates Commission
of the League of Nations. After each j
lecture discussion will be held among
those present.
Professor Graham A. Stuart, of the |
political science department, Francis'
M. Russell. '12, now an instructor at
California, and Miss Amie Cryan, an
instructor at Mills, will attend the
Geneva Institute of International Rela
tions which is to be held this summer
during the week of August 15 to 21.
They were chosen by the Carnegie
Endowment for International Peace to |
attend the Conference of American i
Teachers of International Relations
during the summer.
The Geneva Institute sponsored by j
the League of Nations Non-Partisan;
Association and the League of Nations
Union of Great Britain, will meet for
the third time in its history this sum
mer. Lectures on international affairs
will be given by such prominent men
as E. J. Phelan, director of the Diplo
matic Division of the International
Legislation, and Professor William |
llappard of the Mandates Commission
of the League of Nations. After each j
lecture discussion will be held among
those present.
Professor Graham A. Stuart, of the |
political science department, Francis'
M. Russell. '12, now an instructor at
California, and Miss Amie Cryan, an
instructor at Mills, will attend the
Geneva Institute of International Rela
tions which is to be held this summer
during the week of August 15 to 21.
They were chosen by the Carnegie
Endowment for International Peace to |
attend the Conference of American i
Teachers of International Relations
during the summer.
The Geneva Institute sponsored by j
the League of Nations Non-Partisan;
Association and the League of Nations
Union of Great Britain, will meet for
the third time in its history this sum
mer. Lectures on international affairs
will be given by such prominent men
as E. J. Phelan, director of the Diplo
matic Division of the International
Legislation, and Professor William |
llappard of the Mandates Commission
of the League of Nations. After each j
lecture discussion will be held among
those present.
