# SNYDER TO SPEAK ON BIRD COLLECTIONS
## 
### 
Professor John O. Snyder of the
Zoology department will speak on the
Stanford bird and birds' egg collec
tion at a meeting of the Zoology Club
at 7:30 o'clock tomorrow evening in
the west end of the Stanford Museum.
The bird collection was presented
to the Natural History Museum re
cently by Chase Littlejohn, of Red
wood City. The collection contains
more than 1800 bird skins. It is con
sidered the largest and best collection
of San Mateo County birds in exist
ance. and also contains birds from the
Sierra Nevada regions, Alaska, and
Mexico. Dr. Snyder and Littlejohn are
at present cataloguing the collection.
The birds' egg collection was pre
sented to the Museum some years ago
by Gaylord Snyder, a former Stanford
student.
