# Two Appointed As Visiting Teachers
## 
### 
Dr. William Edson and Dr. Nich
olas Minorsky were recently ap
pointed to serve as visiting profes
sors at Stanford.
Dr. Edson, currently a research
associate in the Electronics Research
Laboratory at Stanford, will serve as
visiting professor of electrical engi
neering during winter and spring
quarters.
Dr. Minorsky will be visiting pro
fessor of mathematics during winter
quarter and will work on a Navy
research contract.
Dr. William Edson and Dr. Nich
olas Minorsky were recently ap
pointed to serve as visiting profes
sors at Stanford.
Dr. Edson, currently a research
associate in the Electronics Research
Laboratory at Stanford, will serve as
visiting professor of electrical engi
neering during winter and spring
quarters.
Dr. Minorsky will be visiting pro
fessor of mathematics during winter
quarter and will work on a Navy
research contract.
Dr. William Edson and Dr. Nich
olas Minorsky were recently ap
pointed to serve as visiting profes
sors at Stanford.
Dr. Edson, currently a research
associate in the Electronics Research
Laboratory at Stanford, will serve as
visiting professor of electrical engi
neering during winter and spring
quarters.
Dr. Minorsky will be visiting pro
fessor of mathematics during winter
quarter and will work on a Navy
research contract.
Dr. William Edson and Dr. Nich
olas Minorsky were recently ap
pointed to serve as visiting profes
sors at Stanford.
Dr. Edson, currently a research
associate in the Electronics Research
Laboratory at Stanford, will serve as
visiting professor of electrical engi
neering during winter and spring
quarters.
Dr. Minorsky will be visiting pro
fessor of mathematics during winter
quarter and will work on a Navy
research contract.
Dr. William Edson and Dr. Nich
olas Minorsky were recently ap
pointed to serve as visiting profes
sors at Stanford.
Dr. Edson, currently a research
associate in the Electronics Research
Laboratory at Stanford, will serve as
visiting professor of electrical engi
neering during winter and spring
quarters.
Dr. Minorsky will be visiting pro
fessor of mathematics during winter
quarter and will work on a Navy
research contract.
Dr. William Edson and Dr. Nich
olas Minorsky were recently ap
pointed to serve as visiting profes
sors at Stanford.
Dr. Edson, currently a research
associate in the Electronics Research
Laboratory at Stanford, will serve as
visiting professor of electrical engi
neering during winter and spring
quarters.
Dr. Minorsky will be visiting pro
fessor of mathematics during winter
quarter and will work on a Navy
research contract.
Dr. William Edson and Dr. Nich
olas Minorsky were recently ap
pointed to serve as visiting profes
sors at Stanford.
Dr. Edson, currently a research
associate in the Electronics Research
Laboratory at Stanford, will serve as
visiting professor of electrical engi
neering during winter and spring
quarters.
Dr. Minorsky will be visiting pro
fessor of mathematics during winter
quarter and will work on a Navy
research contract.
Dr. William Edson and Dr. Nich
olas Minorsky were recently ap
pointed to serve as visiting profes
sors at Stanford.
Dr. Edson, currently a research
associate in the Electronics Research
Laboratory at Stanford, will serve as
visiting professor of electrical engi
neering during winter and spring
quarters.
Dr. Minorsky will be visiting pro
fessor of mathematics during winter
quarter and will work on a Navy
research contract.
Dr. William Edson and Dr. Nich
olas Minorsky were recently ap
pointed to serve as visiting profes
sors at Stanford.
Dr. Edson, currently a research
associate in the Electronics Research
Laboratory at Stanford, will serve as
visiting professor of electrical engi
neering during winter and spring
quarters.
Dr. Minorsky will be visiting pro
fessor of mathematics during winter
quarter and will work on a Navy
research contract.
Dr. William Edson and Dr. Nich
olas Minorsky were recently ap
pointed to serve as visiting profes
sors at Stanford.
Dr. Edson, currently a research
associate in the Electronics Research
Laboratory at Stanford, will serve as
visiting professor of electrical engi
neering during winter and spring
quarters.
Dr. Minorsky will be visiting pro
fessor of mathematics during winter
quarter and will work on a Navy
research contract.
Dr. William Edson and Dr. Nich
olas Minorsky were recently ap
pointed to serve as visiting profes
sors at Stanford.
Dr. Edson, currently a research
associate in the Electronics Research
Laboratory at Stanford, will serve as
visiting professor of electrical engi
neering during winter and spring
quarters.
Dr. Minorsky will be visiting pro
fessor of mathematics during winter
quarter and will work on a Navy
research contract.
Dr. William Edson and Dr. Nich
olas Minorsky were recently ap
pointed to serve as visiting profes
sors at Stanford.
Dr. Edson, currently a research
associate in the Electronics Research
Laboratory at Stanford, will serve as
visiting professor of electrical engi
neering during winter and spring
quarters.
Dr. Minorsky will be visiting pro
fessor of mathematics during winter
quarter and will work on a Navy
research contract.
Dr. William Edson and Dr. Nich
olas Minorsky were recently ap
pointed to serve as visiting profes
sors at Stanford.
Dr. Edson, currently a research
associate in the Electronics Research
Laboratory at Stanford, will serve as
visiting professor of electrical engi
neering during winter and spring
quarters.
Dr. Minorsky will be visiting pro
fessor of mathematics during winter
quarter and will work on a Navy
research contract.
Dr. William Edson and Dr. Nich
olas Minorsky were recently ap
pointed to serve as visiting profes
sors at Stanford.
Dr. Edson, currently a research
associate in the Electronics Research
Laboratory at Stanford, will serve as
visiting professor of electrical engi
neering during winter and spring
quarters.
Dr. Minorsky will be visiting pro
fessor of mathematics during winter
quarter and will work on a Navy
research contract.
Dr. William Edson and Dr. Nich
olas Minorsky were recently ap
pointed to serve as visiting profes
sors at Stanford.
Dr. Edson, currently a research
associate in the Electronics Research
Laboratory at Stanford, will serve as
visiting professor of electrical engi
neering during winter and spring
quarters.
Dr. Minorsky will be visiting pro
fessor of mathematics during winter
quarter and will work on a Navy
research contract.
