# Adv. 18 Page 5
## 
### 
m
PHELPS -TERKEL
TOLD THE STORY
... in all our stores we
have pioneered in tell
ing the story of Palm
Beach to our custom
ers, a story we investi
gated, proved, and
backed to the limit.
Result: for four years
we have
•
LED THE WEST IN
PALM BEACH
SALES .
. . . far more than a
thousand men found
Palm Beach service and
satisfaction through
Phelps-Terkel last year
alone, proving us right
again in choice of
models, shades, and
patterns.
PHELPS - TERKEL
GIVES THE O.K.
AS TO STYLE .. .
. . . months ago our
sport ideas, our style
experience, was incor
porated with others in
developing the new
shades, the new sport
models which we show
you now under this fa
mous label.
TRY ONE ON
TODAY
$15.75
PHELPS
TERKEL
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
m
PHELPS -TERKEL
TOLD THE STORY
... in all our stores we
have pioneered in tell
ing the story of Palm
Beach to our custom
ers, a story we investi
gated, proved, and
backed to the limit.
Result: for four years
we have
•
LED THE WEST IN
PALM BEACH
SALES .
. . . far more than a
thousand men found
Palm Beach service and
satisfaction through
Phelps-Terkel last year
alone, proving us right
again in choice of
models, shades, and
patterns.
PHELPS - TERKEL
GIVES THE O.K.
AS TO STYLE .. .
. . . months ago our
sport ideas, our style
experience, was incor
porated with others in
developing the new
shades, the new sport
models which we show
you now under this fa
mous label.
TRY ONE ON
TODAY
$15.75
PHELPS
TERKEL
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
m
PHELPS -TERKEL
TOLD THE STORY
... in all our stores we
have pioneered in tell
ing the story of Palm
Beach to our custom
ers, a story we investi
gated, proved, and
backed to the limit.
Result: for four years
we have
•
LED THE WEST IN
PALM BEACH
SALES .
. . . far more than a
thousand men found
Palm Beach service and
satisfaction through
Phelps-Terkel last year
alone, proving us right
again in choice of
models, shades, and
patterns.
PHELPS - TERKEL
GIVES THE O.K.
AS TO STYLE .. .
. . . months ago our
sport ideas, our style
experience, was incor
porated with others in
developing the new
shades, the new sport
models which we show
you now under this fa
mous label.
TRY ONE ON
TODAY
$15.75
PHELPS
TERKEL
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
m
PHELPS -TERKEL
TOLD THE STORY
... in all our stores we
have pioneered in tell
ing the story of Palm
Beach to our custom
ers, a story we investi
gated, proved, and
backed to the limit.
Result: for four years
we have
•
LED THE WEST IN
PALM BEACH
SALES .
. . . far more than a
thousand men found
Palm Beach service and
satisfaction through
Phelps-Terkel last year
alone, proving us right
again in choice of
models, shades, and
patterns.
PHELPS - TERKEL
GIVES THE O.K.
AS TO STYLE .. .
. . . months ago our
sport ideas, our style
experience, was incor
porated with others in
developing the new
shades, the new sport
models which we show
you now under this fa
mous label.
TRY ONE ON
TODAY
$15.75
PHELPS
TERKEL
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
m
PHELPS -TERKEL
TOLD THE STORY
... in all our stores we
have pioneered in tell
ing the story of Palm
Beach to our custom
ers, a story we investi
gated, proved, and
backed to the limit.
Result: for four years
we have
•
LED THE WEST IN
PALM BEACH
SALES .
. . . far more than a
thousand men found
Palm Beach service and
satisfaction through
Phelps-Terkel last year
alone, proving us right
again in choice of
models, shades, and
patterns.
PHELPS - TERKEL
GIVES THE O.K.
AS TO STYLE .. .
. . . months ago our
sport ideas, our style
experience, was incor
porated with others in
developing the new
shades, the new sport
models which we show
you now under this fa
mous label.
TRY ONE ON
TODAY
$15.75
PHELPS
TERKEL
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
m
PHELPS -TERKEL
TOLD THE STORY
... in all our stores we
have pioneered in tell
ing the story of Palm
Beach to our custom
ers, a story we investi
gated, proved, and
backed to the limit.
Result: for four years
we have
•
LED THE WEST IN
PALM BEACH
SALES .
. . . far more than a
thousand men found
Palm Beach service and
satisfaction through
Phelps-Terkel last year
alone, proving us right
again in choice of
models, shades, and
patterns.
PHELPS - TERKEL
GIVES THE O.K.
AS TO STYLE .. .
. . . months ago our
sport ideas, our style
experience, was incor
porated with others in
developing the new
shades, the new sport
models which we show
you now under this fa
mous label.
TRY ONE ON
TODAY
$15.75
PHELPS
TERKEL
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
m
PHELPS -TERKEL
TOLD THE STORY
... in all our stores we
have pioneered in tell
ing the story of Palm
Beach to our custom
ers, a story we investi
gated, proved, and
backed to the limit.
Result: for four years
we have
•
LED THE WEST IN
PALM BEACH
SALES .
. . . far more than a
thousand men found
Palm Beach service and
satisfaction through
Phelps-Terkel last year
alone, proving us right
again in choice of
models, shades, and
patterns.
PHELPS - TERKEL
GIVES THE O.K.
AS TO STYLE .. .
. . . months ago our
sport ideas, our style
experience, was incor
porated with others in
developing the new
shades, the new sport
models which we show
you now under this fa
mous label.
TRY ONE ON
TODAY
$15.75
PHELPS
TERKEL
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
m
PHELPS -TERKEL
TOLD THE STORY
... in all our stores we
have pioneered in tell
ing the story of Palm
Beach to our custom
ers, a story we investi
gated, proved, and
backed to the limit.
Result: for four years
we have
•
LED THE WEST IN
PALM BEACH
SALES .
. . . far more than a
thousand men found
Palm Beach service and
satisfaction through
Phelps-Terkel last year
alone, proving us right
again in choice of
models, shades, and
patterns.
PHELPS - TERKEL
GIVES THE O.K.
AS TO STYLE .. .
. . . months ago our
sport ideas, our style
experience, was incor
porated with others in
developing the new
shades, the new sport
models which we show
you now under this fa
mous label.
TRY ONE ON
TODAY
$15.75
PHELPS
TERKEL
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
m
PHELPS -TERKEL
TOLD THE STORY
... in all our stores we
have pioneered in tell
ing the story of Palm
Beach to our custom
ers, a story we investi
gated, proved, and
backed to the limit.
Result: for four years
we have
•
LED THE WEST IN
PALM BEACH
SALES .
. . . far more than a
thousand men found
Palm Beach service and
satisfaction through
Phelps-Terkel last year
alone, proving us right
again in choice of
models, shades, and
patterns.
PHELPS - TERKEL
GIVES THE O.K.
AS TO STYLE .. .
. . . months ago our
sport ideas, our style
experience, was incor
porated with others in
developing the new
shades, the new sport
models which we show
you now under this fa
mous label.
TRY ONE ON
TODAY
$15.75
PHELPS
TERKEL
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
m
PHELPS -TERKEL
TOLD THE STORY
... in all our stores we
have pioneered in tell
ing the story of Palm
Beach to our custom
ers, a story we investi
gated, proved, and
backed to the limit.
Result: for four years
we have
•
LED THE WEST IN
PALM BEACH
SALES .
. . . far more than a
thousand men found
Palm Beach service and
satisfaction through
Phelps-Terkel last year
alone, proving us right
again in choice of
models, shades, and
patterns.
PHELPS - TERKEL
GIVES THE O.K.
AS TO STYLE .. .
. . . months ago our
sport ideas, our style
experience, was incor
porated with others in
developing the new
shades, the new sport
models which we show
you now under this fa
mous label.
TRY ONE ON
TODAY
$15.75
PHELPS
TERKEL
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
m
PHELPS -TERKEL
TOLD THE STORY
... in all our stores we
have pioneered in tell
ing the story of Palm
Beach to our custom
ers, a story we investi
gated, proved, and
backed to the limit.
Result: for four years
we have
•
LED THE WEST IN
PALM BEACH
SALES .
. . . far more than a
thousand men found
Palm Beach service and
satisfaction through
Phelps-Terkel last year
alone, proving us right
again in choice of
models, shades, and
patterns.
PHELPS - TERKEL
GIVES THE O.K.
AS TO STYLE .. .
. . . months ago our
sport ideas, our style
experience, was incor
porated with others in
developing the new
shades, the new sport
models which we show
you now under this fa
mous label.
TRY ONE ON
TODAY
$15.75
PHELPS
TERKEL
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
m
PHELPS -TERKEL
TOLD THE STORY
... in all our stores we
have pioneered in tell
ing the story of Palm
Beach to our custom
ers, a story we investi
gated, proved, and
backed to the limit.
Result: for four years
we have
•
LED THE WEST IN
PALM BEACH
SALES .
. . . far more than a
thousand men found
Palm Beach service and
satisfaction through
Phelps-Terkel last year
alone, proving us right
again in choice of
models, shades, and
patterns.
PHELPS - TERKEL
GIVES THE O.K.
AS TO STYLE .. .
. . . months ago our
sport ideas, our style
experience, was incor
porated with others in
developing the new
shades, the new sport
models which we show
you now under this fa
mous label.
TRY ONE ON
TODAY
$15.75
PHELPS
TERKEL
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
m
PHELPS -TERKEL
TOLD THE STORY
... in all our stores we
have pioneered in tell
ing the story of Palm
Beach to our custom
ers, a story we investi
gated, proved, and
backed to the limit.
Result: for four years
we have
•
LED THE WEST IN
PALM BEACH
SALES .
. . . far more than a
thousand men found
Palm Beach service and
satisfaction through
Phelps-Terkel last year
alone, proving us right
again in choice of
models, shades, and
patterns.
PHELPS - TERKEL
GIVES THE O.K.
AS TO STYLE .. .
. . . months ago our
sport ideas, our style
experience, was incor
porated with others in
developing the new
shades, the new sport
models which we show
you now under this fa
mous label.
TRY ONE ON
TODAY
$15.75
PHELPS
TERKEL
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
m
PHELPS -TERKEL
TOLD THE STORY
... in all our stores we
have pioneered in tell
ing the story of Palm
Beach to our custom
ers, a story we investi
gated, proved, and
backed to the limit.
Result: for four years
we have
•
LED THE WEST IN
PALM BEACH
SALES .
. . . far more than a
thousand men found
Palm Beach service and
satisfaction through
Phelps-Terkel last year
alone, proving us right
again in choice of
models, shades, and
patterns.
PHELPS - TERKEL
GIVES THE O.K.
AS TO STYLE .. .
. . . months ago our
sport ideas, our style
experience, was incor
porated with others in
developing the new
shades, the new sport
models which we show
you now under this fa
mous label.
TRY ONE ON
TODAY
$15.75
PHELPS
TERKEL
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
m
PHELPS -TERKEL
TOLD THE STORY
... in all our stores we
have pioneered in tell
ing the story of Palm
Beach to our custom
ers, a story we investi
gated, proved, and
backed to the limit.
Result: for four years
we have
•
LED THE WEST IN
PALM BEACH
SALES .
. . . far more than a
thousand men found
Palm Beach service and
satisfaction through
Phelps-Terkel last year
alone, proving us right
again in choice of
models, shades, and
patterns.
PHELPS - TERKEL
GIVES THE O.K.
AS TO STYLE .. .
. . . months ago our
sport ideas, our style
experience, was incor
porated with others in
developing the new
shades, the new sport
models which we show
you now under this fa
mous label.
TRY ONE ON
TODAY
$15.75
PHELPS
TERKEL
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
