# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
Clues /H ,
from
the
LESSON IN
DERIVATIONS
Seer — correct in forecasting
weather and events.
Suckers—those who don't take
advantage of their oppor
tunities.
Seersucker—the only answer to
what to wear for sport—in
clever, colorful dress-styles.
$6.00
at thp
CLOTHES CLOSET
51 0 Wave Hey
Clues /H ,
from
the
LESSON IN
DERIVATIONS
Seer — correct in forecasting
weather and events.
Suckers—those who don't take
advantage of their oppor
tunities.
Seersucker—the only answer to
what to wear for sport—in
clever, colorful dress-styles.
$6.00
at thp
CLOTHES CLOSET
51 0 Wave Hey
Clues /H ,
from
the
LESSON IN
DERIVATIONS
Seer — correct in forecasting
weather and events.
Suckers—those who don't take
advantage of their oppor
tunities.
Seersucker—the only answer to
what to wear for sport—in
clever, colorful dress-styles.
$6.00
at thp
CLOTHES CLOSET
51 0 Wave Hey
Clues /H ,
from
the
LESSON IN
DERIVATIONS
Seer — correct in forecasting
weather and events.
Suckers—those who don't take
advantage of their oppor
tunities.
Seersucker—the only answer to
what to wear for sport—in
clever, colorful dress-styles.
$6.00
at thp
CLOTHES CLOSET
51 0 Wave Hey
Clues /H ,
from
the
LESSON IN
DERIVATIONS
Seer — correct in forecasting
weather and events.
Suckers—those who don't take
advantage of their oppor
tunities.
Seersucker—the only answer to
what to wear for sport—in
clever, colorful dress-styles.
$6.00
at thp
CLOTHES CLOSET
51 0 Wave Hey
Clues /H ,
from
the
LESSON IN
DERIVATIONS
Seer — correct in forecasting
weather and events.
Suckers—those who don't take
advantage of their oppor
tunities.
Seersucker—the only answer to
what to wear for sport—in
clever, colorful dress-styles.
$6.00
at thp
CLOTHES CLOSET
51 0 Wave Hey
Clues /H ,
from
the
LESSON IN
DERIVATIONS
Seer — correct in forecasting
weather and events.
Suckers—those who don't take
advantage of their oppor
tunities.
Seersucker—the only answer to
what to wear for sport—in
clever, colorful dress-styles.
$6.00
at thp
CLOTHES CLOSET
51 0 Wave Hey
Clues /H ,
from
the
LESSON IN
DERIVATIONS
Seer — correct in forecasting
weather and events.
Suckers—those who don't take
advantage of their oppor
tunities.
Seersucker—the only answer to
what to wear for sport—in
clever, colorful dress-styles.
$6.00
at thp
CLOTHES CLOSET
51 0 Wave Hey
Clues /H ,
from
the
LESSON IN
DERIVATIONS
Seer — correct in forecasting
weather and events.
Suckers—those who don't take
advantage of their oppor
tunities.
Seersucker—the only answer to
what to wear for sport—in
clever, colorful dress-styles.
$6.00
at thp
CLOTHES CLOSET
51 0 Wave Hey
Clues /H ,
from
the
LESSON IN
DERIVATIONS
Seer — correct in forecasting
weather and events.
Suckers—those who don't take
advantage of their oppor
tunities.
Seersucker—the only answer to
what to wear for sport—in
clever, colorful dress-styles.
$6.00
at thp
CLOTHES CLOSET
51 0 Wave Hey
Clues /H ,
from
the
LESSON IN
DERIVATIONS
Seer — correct in forecasting
weather and events.
Suckers—those who don't take
advantage of their oppor
tunities.
Seersucker—the only answer to
what to wear for sport—in
clever, colorful dress-styles.
$6.00
at thp
CLOTHES CLOSET
51 0 Wave Hey
Clues /H ,
from
the
LESSON IN
DERIVATIONS
Seer — correct in forecasting
weather and events.
Suckers—those who don't take
advantage of their oppor
tunities.
Seersucker—the only answer to
what to wear for sport—in
clever, colorful dress-styles.
$6.00
at thp
CLOTHES CLOSET
51 0 Wave Hey
Clues /H ,
from
the
LESSON IN
DERIVATIONS
Seer — correct in forecasting
weather and events.
Suckers—those who don't take
advantage of their oppor
tunities.
Seersucker—the only answer to
what to wear for sport—in
clever, colorful dress-styles.
$6.00
at thp
CLOTHES CLOSET
51 0 Wave Hey
Clues /H ,
from
the
LESSON IN
DERIVATIONS
Seer — correct in forecasting
weather and events.
Suckers—those who don't take
advantage of their oppor
tunities.
Seersucker—the only answer to
what to wear for sport—in
clever, colorful dress-styles.
$6.00
at thp
CLOTHES CLOSET
51 0 Wave Hey
Clues /H ,
from
the
LESSON IN
DERIVATIONS
Seer — correct in forecasting
weather and events.
Suckers—those who don't take
advantage of their oppor
tunities.
Seersucker—the only answer to
what to wear for sport—in
clever, colorful dress-styles.
$6.00
at thp
CLOTHES CLOSET
51 0 Wave Hey
