# California Income Tax Approved by Assembly
## 
### 
SACRAMENTO, April 11 (/?>>.—
Imposition of a state income tax
upon 300,000 people who would pay
$28.000,0(i0 a biennium into Califor
mnV fi'ippled treasury. wfts ap
proved overwhelmingly today by the
Assembly in the face of stern polit
ical and economic threats.
The lower house, ending a week of
debate, steam-rollered the first sec
tion o! Governor Merriam's $154.-
000,000 new taxation program over a
thrice - whipped minority, which
fought for much higher rates, by a
70-to-5 vote.
SACRAMENTO, April 11 (/?>>.—
Imposition of a state income tax
upon 300,000 people who would pay
$28.000,0(i0 a biennium into Califor
mnV fi'ippled treasury. wfts ap
proved overwhelmingly today by the
Assembly in the face of stern polit
ical and economic threats.
The lower house, ending a week of
debate, steam-rollered the first sec
tion o! Governor Merriam's $154.-
000,000 new taxation program over a
thrice - whipped minority, which
fought for much higher rates, by a
70-to-5 vote.
SACRAMENTO, April 11 (/?>>.—
Imposition of a state income tax
upon 300,000 people who would pay
$28.000,0(i0 a biennium into Califor
mnV fi'ippled treasury. wfts ap
proved overwhelmingly today by the
Assembly in the face of stern polit
ical and economic threats.
The lower house, ending a week of
debate, steam-rollered the first sec
tion o! Governor Merriam's $154.-
000,000 new taxation program over a
thrice - whipped minority, which
fought for much higher rates, by a
70-to-5 vote.
SACRAMENTO, April 11 (/?>>.—
Imposition of a state income tax
upon 300,000 people who would pay
$28.000,0(i0 a biennium into Califor
mnV fi'ippled treasury. wfts ap
proved overwhelmingly today by the
Assembly in the face of stern polit
ical and economic threats.
The lower house, ending a week of
debate, steam-rollered the first sec
tion o! Governor Merriam's $154.-
000,000 new taxation program over a
thrice - whipped minority, which
fought for much higher rates, by a
70-to-5 vote.
SACRAMENTO, April 11 (/?>>.—
Imposition of a state income tax
upon 300,000 people who would pay
$28.000,0(i0 a biennium into Califor
mnV fi'ippled treasury. wfts ap
proved overwhelmingly today by the
Assembly in the face of stern polit
ical and economic threats.
The lower house, ending a week of
debate, steam-rollered the first sec
tion o! Governor Merriam's $154.-
000,000 new taxation program over a
thrice - whipped minority, which
fought for much higher rates, by a
70-to-5 vote.
SACRAMENTO, April 11 (/?>>.—
Imposition of a state income tax
upon 300,000 people who would pay
$28.000,0(i0 a biennium into Califor
mnV fi'ippled treasury. wfts ap
proved overwhelmingly today by the
Assembly in the face of stern polit
ical and economic threats.
The lower house, ending a week of
debate, steam-rollered the first sec
tion o! Governor Merriam's $154.-
000,000 new taxation program over a
thrice - whipped minority, which
fought for much higher rates, by a
70-to-5 vote.
SACRAMENTO, April 11 (/?>>.—
Imposition of a state income tax
upon 300,000 people who would pay
$28.000,0(i0 a biennium into Califor
mnV fi'ippled treasury. wfts ap
proved overwhelmingly today by the
Assembly in the face of stern polit
ical and economic threats.
The lower house, ending a week of
debate, steam-rollered the first sec
tion o! Governor Merriam's $154.-
000,000 new taxation program over a
thrice - whipped minority, which
fought for much higher rates, by a
70-to-5 vote.
SACRAMENTO, April 11 (/?>>.—
Imposition of a state income tax
upon 300,000 people who would pay
$28.000,0(i0 a biennium into Califor
mnV fi'ippled treasury. wfts ap
proved overwhelmingly today by the
Assembly in the face of stern polit
ical and economic threats.
The lower house, ending a week of
debate, steam-rollered the first sec
tion o! Governor Merriam's $154.-
000,000 new taxation program over a
thrice - whipped minority, which
fought for much higher rates, by a
70-to-5 vote.
SACRAMENTO, April 11 (/?>>.—
Imposition of a state income tax
upon 300,000 people who would pay
$28.000,0(i0 a biennium into Califor
mnV fi'ippled treasury. wfts ap
proved overwhelmingly today by the
Assembly in the face of stern polit
ical and economic threats.
The lower house, ending a week of
debate, steam-rollered the first sec
tion o! Governor Merriam's $154.-
000,000 new taxation program over a
thrice - whipped minority, which
fought for much higher rates, by a
70-to-5 vote.
SACRAMENTO, April 11 (/?>>.—
Imposition of a state income tax
upon 300,000 people who would pay
$28.000,0(i0 a biennium into Califor
mnV fi'ippled treasury. wfts ap
proved overwhelmingly today by the
Assembly in the face of stern polit
ical and economic threats.
The lower house, ending a week of
debate, steam-rollered the first sec
tion o! Governor Merriam's $154.-
000,000 new taxation program over a
thrice - whipped minority, which
fought for much higher rates, by a
70-to-5 vote.
SACRAMENTO, April 11 (/?>>.—
Imposition of a state income tax
upon 300,000 people who would pay
$28.000,0(i0 a biennium into Califor
mnV fi'ippled treasury. wfts ap
proved overwhelmingly today by the
Assembly in the face of stern polit
ical and economic threats.
The lower house, ending a week of
debate, steam-rollered the first sec
tion o! Governor Merriam's $154.-
000,000 new taxation program over a
thrice - whipped minority, which
fought for much higher rates, by a
70-to-5 vote.
SACRAMENTO, April 11 (/?>>.—
Imposition of a state income tax
upon 300,000 people who would pay
$28.000,0(i0 a biennium into Califor
mnV fi'ippled treasury. wfts ap
proved overwhelmingly today by the
Assembly in the face of stern polit
ical and economic threats.
The lower house, ending a week of
debate, steam-rollered the first sec
tion o! Governor Merriam's $154.-
000,000 new taxation program over a
thrice - whipped minority, which
fought for much higher rates, by a
70-to-5 vote.
SACRAMENTO, April 11 (/?>>.—
Imposition of a state income tax
upon 300,000 people who would pay
$28.000,0(i0 a biennium into Califor
mnV fi'ippled treasury. wfts ap
proved overwhelmingly today by the
Assembly in the face of stern polit
ical and economic threats.
The lower house, ending a week of
debate, steam-rollered the first sec
tion o! Governor Merriam's $154.-
000,000 new taxation program over a
thrice - whipped minority, which
fought for much higher rates, by a
70-to-5 vote.
SACRAMENTO, April 11 (/?>>.—
Imposition of a state income tax
upon 300,000 people who would pay
$28.000,0(i0 a biennium into Califor
mnV fi'ippled treasury. wfts ap
proved overwhelmingly today by the
Assembly in the face of stern polit
ical and economic threats.
The lower house, ending a week of
debate, steam-rollered the first sec
tion o! Governor Merriam's $154.-
000,000 new taxation program over a
thrice - whipped minority, which
fought for much higher rates, by a
70-to-5 vote.
SACRAMENTO, April 11 (/?>>.—
Imposition of a state income tax
upon 300,000 people who would pay
$28.000,0(i0 a biennium into Califor
mnV fi'ippled treasury. wfts ap
proved overwhelmingly today by the
Assembly in the face of stern polit
ical and economic threats.
The lower house, ending a week of
debate, steam-rollered the first sec
tion o! Governor Merriam's $154.-
000,000 new taxation program over a
thrice - whipped minority, which
fought for much higher rates, by a
70-to-5 vote.
