# AROUND THE DIAL
## 
### 
FRIDAY
Alicc Brady, Richard Arlen, and
Virginia Bruce will appear with
Dick Powell and Raymond Paige's
orchestra in their program over
KFRC at 6:30.
•
Countess Olga Alhutii. popular ra
dio soprano, will be the guest solo
ist with Flank Black and his 90-
piece vocal and instrumental en
semble during their broadcast from
KPO at 7:30.
Henry Busse and his orchestra,
who broadcast nightly over KGO at
11, may also be heard at 8:30 by
listeners with sets powerful enough
to pick up station KFWB in Los An
geles.
Other good programs: Beatrice
Lillie, 6. KPO; Phil Baker, 6:30,
KPO; Joe Cook, 8:30, KPO.
Best dance music: Tom Coakley, 3,
KGO; Richard Himber, 9:15, KPO;
Anson Weeks, 10, KFRC: Tom Coak
ley, 10:15. KPO; Orville Knapp,
10:30, KFRC; Htfppy Felton, 11,
KPO.
FRIDAY
Alicc Brady, Richard Arlen, and
Virginia Bruce will appear with
Dick Powell and Raymond Paige's
orchestra in their program over
KFRC at 6:30.
•
Countess Olga Alhutii. popular ra
dio soprano, will be the guest solo
ist with Flank Black and his 90-
piece vocal and instrumental en
semble during their broadcast from
KPO at 7:30.
Henry Busse and his orchestra,
who broadcast nightly over KGO at
11, may also be heard at 8:30 by
listeners with sets powerful enough
to pick up station KFWB in Los An
geles.
Other good programs: Beatrice
Lillie, 6. KPO; Phil Baker, 6:30,
KPO; Joe Cook, 8:30, KPO.
Best dance music: Tom Coakley, 3,
KGO; Richard Himber, 9:15, KPO;
Anson Weeks, 10, KFRC: Tom Coak
ley, 10:15. KPO; Orville Knapp,
10:30, KFRC; Htfppy Felton, 11,
KPO.
FRIDAY
Alicc Brady, Richard Arlen, and
Virginia Bruce will appear with
Dick Powell and Raymond Paige's
orchestra in their program over
KFRC at 6:30.
•
Countess Olga Alhutii. popular ra
dio soprano, will be the guest solo
ist with Flank Black and his 90-
piece vocal and instrumental en
semble during their broadcast from
KPO at 7:30.
Henry Busse and his orchestra,
who broadcast nightly over KGO at
11, may also be heard at 8:30 by
listeners with sets powerful enough
to pick up station KFWB in Los An
geles.
Other good programs: Beatrice
Lillie, 6. KPO; Phil Baker, 6:30,
KPO; Joe Cook, 8:30, KPO.
Best dance music: Tom Coakley, 3,
KGO; Richard Himber, 9:15, KPO;
Anson Weeks, 10, KFRC: Tom Coak
ley, 10:15. KPO; Orville Knapp,
10:30, KFRC; Htfppy Felton, 11,
KPO.
FRIDAY
Alicc Brady, Richard Arlen, and
Virginia Bruce will appear with
Dick Powell and Raymond Paige's
orchestra in their program over
KFRC at 6:30.
•
Countess Olga Alhutii. popular ra
dio soprano, will be the guest solo
ist with Flank Black and his 90-
piece vocal and instrumental en
semble during their broadcast from
KPO at 7:30.
Henry Busse and his orchestra,
who broadcast nightly over KGO at
11, may also be heard at 8:30 by
listeners with sets powerful enough
to pick up station KFWB in Los An
geles.
Other good programs: Beatrice
Lillie, 6. KPO; Phil Baker, 6:30,
KPO; Joe Cook, 8:30, KPO.
Best dance music: Tom Coakley, 3,
KGO; Richard Himber, 9:15, KPO;
Anson Weeks, 10, KFRC: Tom Coak
ley, 10:15. KPO; Orville Knapp,
10:30, KFRC; Htfppy Felton, 11,
KPO.
FRIDAY
Alicc Brady, Richard Arlen, and
Virginia Bruce will appear with
Dick Powell and Raymond Paige's
orchestra in their program over
KFRC at 6:30.
•
Countess Olga Alhutii. popular ra
dio soprano, will be the guest solo
ist with Flank Black and his 90-
piece vocal and instrumental en
semble during their broadcast from
KPO at 7:30.
Henry Busse and his orchestra,
who broadcast nightly over KGO at
11, may also be heard at 8:30 by
listeners with sets powerful enough
to pick up station KFWB in Los An
geles.
Other good programs: Beatrice
Lillie, 6. KPO; Phil Baker, 6:30,
KPO; Joe Cook, 8:30, KPO.
Best dance music: Tom Coakley, 3,
KGO; Richard Himber, 9:15, KPO;
Anson Weeks, 10, KFRC: Tom Coak
ley, 10:15. KPO; Orville Knapp,
10:30, KFRC; Htfppy Felton, 11,
KPO.
FRIDAY
Alicc Brady, Richard Arlen, and
Virginia Bruce will appear with
Dick Powell and Raymond Paige's
orchestra in their program over
KFRC at 6:30.
•
Countess Olga Alhutii. popular ra
dio soprano, will be the guest solo
ist with Flank Black and his 90-
piece vocal and instrumental en
semble during their broadcast from
KPO at 7:30.
Henry Busse and his orchestra,
who broadcast nightly over KGO at
11, may also be heard at 8:30 by
listeners with sets powerful enough
to pick up station KFWB in Los An
geles.
Other good programs: Beatrice
Lillie, 6. KPO; Phil Baker, 6:30,
KPO; Joe Cook, 8:30, KPO.
Best dance music: Tom Coakley, 3,
KGO; Richard Himber, 9:15, KPO;
Anson Weeks, 10, KFRC: Tom Coak
ley, 10:15. KPO; Orville Knapp,
10:30, KFRC; Htfppy Felton, 11,
KPO.
FRIDAY
Alicc Brady, Richard Arlen, and
Virginia Bruce will appear with
Dick Powell and Raymond Paige's
orchestra in their program over
KFRC at 6:30.
•
Countess Olga Alhutii. popular ra
dio soprano, will be the guest solo
ist with Flank Black and his 90-
piece vocal and instrumental en
semble during their broadcast from
KPO at 7:30.
Henry Busse and his orchestra,
who broadcast nightly over KGO at
11, may also be heard at 8:30 by
listeners with sets powerful enough
to pick up station KFWB in Los An
geles.
Other good programs: Beatrice
Lillie, 6. KPO; Phil Baker, 6:30,
KPO; Joe Cook, 8:30, KPO.
Best dance music: Tom Coakley, 3,
KGO; Richard Himber, 9:15, KPO;
Anson Weeks, 10, KFRC: Tom Coak
ley, 10:15. KPO; Orville Knapp,
10:30, KFRC; Htfppy Felton, 11,
KPO.
FRIDAY
Alicc Brady, Richard Arlen, and
Virginia Bruce will appear with
Dick Powell and Raymond Paige's
orchestra in their program over
KFRC at 6:30.
•
Countess Olga Alhutii. popular ra
dio soprano, will be the guest solo
ist with Flank Black and his 90-
piece vocal and instrumental en
semble during their broadcast from
KPO at 7:30.
Henry Busse and his orchestra,
who broadcast nightly over KGO at
11, may also be heard at 8:30 by
listeners with sets powerful enough
to pick up station KFWB in Los An
geles.
Other good programs: Beatrice
Lillie, 6. KPO; Phil Baker, 6:30,
KPO; Joe Cook, 8:30, KPO.
Best dance music: Tom Coakley, 3,
KGO; Richard Himber, 9:15, KPO;
Anson Weeks, 10, KFRC: Tom Coak
ley, 10:15. KPO; Orville Knapp,
10:30, KFRC; Htfppy Felton, 11,
KPO.
FRIDAY
Alicc Brady, Richard Arlen, and
Virginia Bruce will appear with
Dick Powell and Raymond Paige's
orchestra in their program over
KFRC at 6:30.
•
Countess Olga Alhutii. popular ra
dio soprano, will be the guest solo
ist with Flank Black and his 90-
piece vocal and instrumental en
semble during their broadcast from
KPO at 7:30.
Henry Busse and his orchestra,
who broadcast nightly over KGO at
11, may also be heard at 8:30 by
listeners with sets powerful enough
to pick up station KFWB in Los An
geles.
Other good programs: Beatrice
Lillie, 6. KPO; Phil Baker, 6:30,
KPO; Joe Cook, 8:30, KPO.
Best dance music: Tom Coakley, 3,
KGO; Richard Himber, 9:15, KPO;
Anson Weeks, 10, KFRC: Tom Coak
ley, 10:15. KPO; Orville Knapp,
10:30, KFRC; Htfppy Felton, 11,
KPO.
FRIDAY
Alicc Brady, Richard Arlen, and
Virginia Bruce will appear with
Dick Powell and Raymond Paige's
orchestra in their program over
KFRC at 6:30.
•
Countess Olga Alhutii. popular ra
dio soprano, will be the guest solo
ist with Flank Black and his 90-
piece vocal and instrumental en
semble during their broadcast from
KPO at 7:30.
Henry Busse and his orchestra,
who broadcast nightly over KGO at
11, may also be heard at 8:30 by
listeners with sets powerful enough
to pick up station KFWB in Los An
geles.
Other good programs: Beatrice
Lillie, 6. KPO; Phil Baker, 6:30,
KPO; Joe Cook, 8:30, KPO.
Best dance music: Tom Coakley, 3,
KGO; Richard Himber, 9:15, KPO;
Anson Weeks, 10, KFRC: Tom Coak
ley, 10:15. KPO; Orville Knapp,
10:30, KFRC; Htfppy Felton, 11,
KPO.
FRIDAY
Alicc Brady, Richard Arlen, and
Virginia Bruce will appear with
Dick Powell and Raymond Paige's
orchestra in their program over
KFRC at 6:30.
•
Countess Olga Alhutii. popular ra
dio soprano, will be the guest solo
ist with Flank Black and his 90-
piece vocal and instrumental en
semble during their broadcast from
KPO at 7:30.
Henry Busse and his orchestra,
who broadcast nightly over KGO at
11, may also be heard at 8:30 by
listeners with sets powerful enough
to pick up station KFWB in Los An
geles.
Other good programs: Beatrice
Lillie, 6. KPO; Phil Baker, 6:30,
KPO; Joe Cook, 8:30, KPO.
Best dance music: Tom Coakley, 3,
KGO; Richard Himber, 9:15, KPO;
Anson Weeks, 10, KFRC: Tom Coak
ley, 10:15. KPO; Orville Knapp,
10:30, KFRC; Htfppy Felton, 11,
KPO.
FRIDAY
Alicc Brady, Richard Arlen, and
Virginia Bruce will appear with
Dick Powell and Raymond Paige's
orchestra in their program over
KFRC at 6:30.
•
Countess Olga Alhutii. popular ra
dio soprano, will be the guest solo
ist with Flank Black and his 90-
piece vocal and instrumental en
semble during their broadcast from
KPO at 7:30.
Henry Busse and his orchestra,
who broadcast nightly over KGO at
11, may also be heard at 8:30 by
listeners with sets powerful enough
to pick up station KFWB in Los An
geles.
Other good programs: Beatrice
Lillie, 6. KPO; Phil Baker, 6:30,
KPO; Joe Cook, 8:30, KPO.
Best dance music: Tom Coakley, 3,
KGO; Richard Himber, 9:15, KPO;
Anson Weeks, 10, KFRC: Tom Coak
ley, 10:15. KPO; Orville Knapp,
10:30, KFRC; Htfppy Felton, 11,
KPO.
FRIDAY
Alicc Brady, Richard Arlen, and
Virginia Bruce will appear with
Dick Powell and Raymond Paige's
orchestra in their program over
KFRC at 6:30.
•
Countess Olga Alhutii. popular ra
dio soprano, will be the guest solo
ist with Flank Black and his 90-
piece vocal and instrumental en
semble during their broadcast from
KPO at 7:30.
Henry Busse and his orchestra,
who broadcast nightly over KGO at
11, may also be heard at 8:30 by
listeners with sets powerful enough
to pick up station KFWB in Los An
geles.
Other good programs: Beatrice
Lillie, 6. KPO; Phil Baker, 6:30,
KPO; Joe Cook, 8:30, KPO.
Best dance music: Tom Coakley, 3,
KGO; Richard Himber, 9:15, KPO;
Anson Weeks, 10, KFRC: Tom Coak
ley, 10:15. KPO; Orville Knapp,
10:30, KFRC; Htfppy Felton, 11,
KPO.
FRIDAY
Alicc Brady, Richard Arlen, and
Virginia Bruce will appear with
Dick Powell and Raymond Paige's
orchestra in their program over
KFRC at 6:30.
•
Countess Olga Alhutii. popular ra
dio soprano, will be the guest solo
ist with Flank Black and his 90-
piece vocal and instrumental en
semble during their broadcast from
KPO at 7:30.
Henry Busse and his orchestra,
who broadcast nightly over KGO at
11, may also be heard at 8:30 by
listeners with sets powerful enough
to pick up station KFWB in Los An
geles.
Other good programs: Beatrice
Lillie, 6. KPO; Phil Baker, 6:30,
KPO; Joe Cook, 8:30, KPO.
Best dance music: Tom Coakley, 3,
KGO; Richard Himber, 9:15, KPO;
Anson Weeks, 10, KFRC: Tom Coak
ley, 10:15. KPO; Orville Knapp,
10:30, KFRC; Htfppy Felton, 11,
KPO.
FRIDAY
Alicc Brady, Richard Arlen, and
Virginia Bruce will appear with
Dick Powell and Raymond Paige's
orchestra in their program over
KFRC at 6:30.
•
Countess Olga Alhutii. popular ra
dio soprano, will be the guest solo
ist with Flank Black and his 90-
piece vocal and instrumental en
semble during their broadcast from
KPO at 7:30.
Henry Busse and his orchestra,
who broadcast nightly over KGO at
11, may also be heard at 8:30 by
listeners with sets powerful enough
to pick up station KFWB in Los An
geles.
Other good programs: Beatrice
Lillie, 6. KPO; Phil Baker, 6:30,
KPO; Joe Cook, 8:30, KPO.
Best dance music: Tom Coakley, 3,
KGO; Richard Himber, 9:15, KPO;
Anson Weeks, 10, KFRC: Tom Coak
ley, 10:15. KPO; Orville Knapp,
10:30, KFRC; Htfppy Felton, 11,
KPO.
