# DUST STORM ON BEARS' HORIZON
## 
### 

Michigan's "one man track team," Willis Ward, great negro athlete,
is expected to dust off some records when the Wolverines meet Cali
fornia at Berkeley April 13 in a dual meet. Ward competes in the
century, high hurdles, high jump and broad jump. The Michigan ath
letes stopped over in Hollywood en route to Berkeley. Left to right:
Capt. Harvey Smith. Athietic Director Fielding "Hurry Up" Yost and
Ward. (Associated Press Photo)

Michigan's "one man track team," Willis Ward, great negro athlete,
is expected to dust off some records when the Wolverines meet Cali
fornia at Berkeley April 13 in a dual meet. Ward competes in the
century, high hurdles, high jump and broad jump. The Michigan ath
letes stopped over in Hollywood en route to Berkeley. Left to right:
Capt. Harvey Smith. Athietic Director Fielding "Hurry Up" Yost and
Ward. (Associated Press Photo)

Michigan's "one man track team," Willis Ward, great negro athlete,
is expected to dust off some records when the Wolverines meet Cali
fornia at Berkeley April 13 in a dual meet. Ward competes in the
century, high hurdles, high jump and broad jump. The Michigan ath
letes stopped over in Hollywood en route to Berkeley. Left to right:
Capt. Harvey Smith. Athietic Director Fielding "Hurry Up" Yost and
Ward. (Associated Press Photo)

Michigan's "one man track team," Willis Ward, great negro athlete,
is expected to dust off some records when the Wolverines meet Cali
fornia at Berkeley April 13 in a dual meet. Ward competes in the
century, high hurdles, high jump and broad jump. The Michigan ath
letes stopped over in Hollywood en route to Berkeley. Left to right:
Capt. Harvey Smith. Athietic Director Fielding "Hurry Up" Yost and
Ward. (Associated Press Photo)

Michigan's "one man track team," Willis Ward, great negro athlete,
is expected to dust off some records when the Wolverines meet Cali
fornia at Berkeley April 13 in a dual meet. Ward competes in the
century, high hurdles, high jump and broad jump. The Michigan ath
letes stopped over in Hollywood en route to Berkeley. Left to right:
Capt. Harvey Smith. Athietic Director Fielding "Hurry Up" Yost and
Ward. (Associated Press Photo)

Michigan's "one man track team," Willis Ward, great negro athlete,
is expected to dust off some records when the Wolverines meet Cali
fornia at Berkeley April 13 in a dual meet. Ward competes in the
century, high hurdles, high jump and broad jump. The Michigan ath
letes stopped over in Hollywood en route to Berkeley. Left to right:
Capt. Harvey Smith. Athietic Director Fielding "Hurry Up" Yost and
Ward. (Associated Press Photo)

Michigan's "one man track team," Willis Ward, great negro athlete,
is expected to dust off some records when the Wolverines meet Cali
fornia at Berkeley April 13 in a dual meet. Ward competes in the
century, high hurdles, high jump and broad jump. The Michigan ath
letes stopped over in Hollywood en route to Berkeley. Left to right:
Capt. Harvey Smith. Athietic Director Fielding "Hurry Up" Yost and
Ward. (Associated Press Photo)

Michigan's "one man track team," Willis Ward, great negro athlete,
is expected to dust off some records when the Wolverines meet Cali
fornia at Berkeley April 13 in a dual meet. Ward competes in the
century, high hurdles, high jump and broad jump. The Michigan ath
letes stopped over in Hollywood en route to Berkeley. Left to right:
Capt. Harvey Smith. Athietic Director Fielding "Hurry Up" Yost and
Ward. (Associated Press Photo)

Michigan's "one man track team," Willis Ward, great negro athlete,
is expected to dust off some records when the Wolverines meet Cali
fornia at Berkeley April 13 in a dual meet. Ward competes in the
century, high hurdles, high jump and broad jump. The Michigan ath
letes stopped over in Hollywood en route to Berkeley. Left to right:
Capt. Harvey Smith. Athietic Director Fielding "Hurry Up" Yost and
Ward. (Associated Press Photo)

Michigan's "one man track team," Willis Ward, great negro athlete,
is expected to dust off some records when the Wolverines meet Cali
fornia at Berkeley April 13 in a dual meet. Ward competes in the
century, high hurdles, high jump and broad jump. The Michigan ath
letes stopped over in Hollywood en route to Berkeley. Left to right:
Capt. Harvey Smith. Athietic Director Fielding "Hurry Up" Yost and
Ward. (Associated Press Photo)

Michigan's "one man track team," Willis Ward, great negro athlete,
is expected to dust off some records when the Wolverines meet Cali
fornia at Berkeley April 13 in a dual meet. Ward competes in the
century, high hurdles, high jump and broad jump. The Michigan ath
letes stopped over in Hollywood en route to Berkeley. Left to right:
Capt. Harvey Smith. Athietic Director Fielding "Hurry Up" Yost and
Ward. (Associated Press Photo)

Michigan's "one man track team," Willis Ward, great negro athlete,
is expected to dust off some records when the Wolverines meet Cali
fornia at Berkeley April 13 in a dual meet. Ward competes in the
century, high hurdles, high jump and broad jump. The Michigan ath
letes stopped over in Hollywood en route to Berkeley. Left to right:
Capt. Harvey Smith. Athietic Director Fielding "Hurry Up" Yost and
Ward. (Associated Press Photo)

Michigan's "one man track team," Willis Ward, great negro athlete,
is expected to dust off some records when the Wolverines meet Cali
fornia at Berkeley April 13 in a dual meet. Ward competes in the
century, high hurdles, high jump and broad jump. The Michigan ath
letes stopped over in Hollywood en route to Berkeley. Left to right:
Capt. Harvey Smith. Athietic Director Fielding "Hurry Up" Yost and
Ward. (Associated Press Photo)

Michigan's "one man track team," Willis Ward, great negro athlete,
is expected to dust off some records when the Wolverines meet Cali
fornia at Berkeley April 13 in a dual meet. Ward competes in the
century, high hurdles, high jump and broad jump. The Michigan ath
letes stopped over in Hollywood en route to Berkeley. Left to right:
Capt. Harvey Smith. Athietic Director Fielding "Hurry Up" Yost and
Ward. (Associated Press Photo)

Michigan's "one man track team," Willis Ward, great negro athlete,
is expected to dust off some records when the Wolverines meet Cali
fornia at Berkeley April 13 in a dual meet. Ward competes in the
century, high hurdles, high jump and broad jump. The Michigan ath
letes stopped over in Hollywood en route to Berkeley. Left to right:
Capt. Harvey Smith. Athietic Director Fielding "Hurry Up" Yost and
Ward. (Associated Press Photo)
