# Band To Play On CBS Sunday
## 
### 
A Columbia system radio hook-up
will carry a half-hour program of
broadcasting of the Stanford band
over western United States on Sun
day from 4 to 4:30. Bandmaster
Will H. Bickett will conduct.
Charley Bubb, ace trumpet player,
will render a solo entitled "Valse
Brilliante" by Herbert L. Clarke.
Clarke, the composer, will listen in
;it Chicago. Band numbers include
"In a Persian Market ' by Ketclby;
"II Guarany Overture" by A. Carlo
Gomez; and "Serenade" by Victor
Herbert.
All band members must be at the
band house at 1:50 o'clock on Sun
day afternoon to take the bus char
tered to carry the Stanford aggre
gation to the city, states George
Britton, band manager.
A Columbia system radio hook-up
will carry a half-hour program of
broadcasting of the Stanford band
over western United States on Sun
day from 4 to 4:30. Bandmaster
Will H. Bickett will conduct.
Charley Bubb, ace trumpet player,
will render a solo entitled "Valse
Brilliante" by Herbert L. Clarke.
Clarke, the composer, will listen in
;it Chicago. Band numbers include
"In a Persian Market ' by Ketclby;
"II Guarany Overture" by A. Carlo
Gomez; and "Serenade" by Victor
Herbert.
All band members must be at the
band house at 1:50 o'clock on Sun
day afternoon to take the bus char
tered to carry the Stanford aggre
gation to the city, states George
Britton, band manager.
A Columbia system radio hook-up
will carry a half-hour program of
broadcasting of the Stanford band
over western United States on Sun
day from 4 to 4:30. Bandmaster
Will H. Bickett will conduct.
Charley Bubb, ace trumpet player,
will render a solo entitled "Valse
Brilliante" by Herbert L. Clarke.
Clarke, the composer, will listen in
;it Chicago. Band numbers include
"In a Persian Market ' by Ketclby;
"II Guarany Overture" by A. Carlo
Gomez; and "Serenade" by Victor
Herbert.
All band members must be at the
band house at 1:50 o'clock on Sun
day afternoon to take the bus char
tered to carry the Stanford aggre
gation to the city, states George
Britton, band manager.
A Columbia system radio hook-up
will carry a half-hour program of
broadcasting of the Stanford band
over western United States on Sun
day from 4 to 4:30. Bandmaster
Will H. Bickett will conduct.
Charley Bubb, ace trumpet player,
will render a solo entitled "Valse
Brilliante" by Herbert L. Clarke.
Clarke, the composer, will listen in
;it Chicago. Band numbers include
"In a Persian Market ' by Ketclby;
"II Guarany Overture" by A. Carlo
Gomez; and "Serenade" by Victor
Herbert.
All band members must be at the
band house at 1:50 o'clock on Sun
day afternoon to take the bus char
tered to carry the Stanford aggre
gation to the city, states George
Britton, band manager.
A Columbia system radio hook-up
will carry a half-hour program of
broadcasting of the Stanford band
over western United States on Sun
day from 4 to 4:30. Bandmaster
Will H. Bickett will conduct.
Charley Bubb, ace trumpet player,
will render a solo entitled "Valse
Brilliante" by Herbert L. Clarke.
Clarke, the composer, will listen in
;it Chicago. Band numbers include
"In a Persian Market ' by Ketclby;
"II Guarany Overture" by A. Carlo
Gomez; and "Serenade" by Victor
Herbert.
All band members must be at the
band house at 1:50 o'clock on Sun
day afternoon to take the bus char
tered to carry the Stanford aggre
gation to the city, states George
Britton, band manager.
A Columbia system radio hook-up
will carry a half-hour program of
broadcasting of the Stanford band
over western United States on Sun
day from 4 to 4:30. Bandmaster
Will H. Bickett will conduct.
Charley Bubb, ace trumpet player,
will render a solo entitled "Valse
Brilliante" by Herbert L. Clarke.
Clarke, the composer, will listen in
;it Chicago. Band numbers include
"In a Persian Market ' by Ketclby;
"II Guarany Overture" by A. Carlo
Gomez; and "Serenade" by Victor
Herbert.
All band members must be at the
band house at 1:50 o'clock on Sun
day afternoon to take the bus char
tered to carry the Stanford aggre
gation to the city, states George
Britton, band manager.
A Columbia system radio hook-up
will carry a half-hour program of
broadcasting of the Stanford band
over western United States on Sun
day from 4 to 4:30. Bandmaster
Will H. Bickett will conduct.
Charley Bubb, ace trumpet player,
will render a solo entitled "Valse
Brilliante" by Herbert L. Clarke.
Clarke, the composer, will listen in
;it Chicago. Band numbers include
"In a Persian Market ' by Ketclby;
"II Guarany Overture" by A. Carlo
Gomez; and "Serenade" by Victor
Herbert.
All band members must be at the
band house at 1:50 o'clock on Sun
day afternoon to take the bus char
tered to carry the Stanford aggre
gation to the city, states George
Britton, band manager.
A Columbia system radio hook-up
will carry a half-hour program of
broadcasting of the Stanford band
over western United States on Sun
day from 4 to 4:30. Bandmaster
Will H. Bickett will conduct.
Charley Bubb, ace trumpet player,
will render a solo entitled "Valse
Brilliante" by Herbert L. Clarke.
Clarke, the composer, will listen in
;it Chicago. Band numbers include
"In a Persian Market ' by Ketclby;
"II Guarany Overture" by A. Carlo
Gomez; and "Serenade" by Victor
Herbert.
All band members must be at the
band house at 1:50 o'clock on Sun
day afternoon to take the bus char
tered to carry the Stanford aggre
gation to the city, states George
Britton, band manager.
A Columbia system radio hook-up
will carry a half-hour program of
broadcasting of the Stanford band
over western United States on Sun
day from 4 to 4:30. Bandmaster
Will H. Bickett will conduct.
Charley Bubb, ace trumpet player,
will render a solo entitled "Valse
Brilliante" by Herbert L. Clarke.
Clarke, the composer, will listen in
;it Chicago. Band numbers include
"In a Persian Market ' by Ketclby;
"II Guarany Overture" by A. Carlo
Gomez; and "Serenade" by Victor
Herbert.
All band members must be at the
band house at 1:50 o'clock on Sun
day afternoon to take the bus char
tered to carry the Stanford aggre
gation to the city, states George
Britton, band manager.
A Columbia system radio hook-up
will carry a half-hour program of
broadcasting of the Stanford band
over western United States on Sun
day from 4 to 4:30. Bandmaster
Will H. Bickett will conduct.
Charley Bubb, ace trumpet player,
will render a solo entitled "Valse
Brilliante" by Herbert L. Clarke.
Clarke, the composer, will listen in
;it Chicago. Band numbers include
"In a Persian Market ' by Ketclby;
"II Guarany Overture" by A. Carlo
Gomez; and "Serenade" by Victor
Herbert.
All band members must be at the
band house at 1:50 o'clock on Sun
day afternoon to take the bus char
tered to carry the Stanford aggre
gation to the city, states George
Britton, band manager.
A Columbia system radio hook-up
will carry a half-hour program of
broadcasting of the Stanford band
over western United States on Sun
day from 4 to 4:30. Bandmaster
Will H. Bickett will conduct.
Charley Bubb, ace trumpet player,
will render a solo entitled "Valse
Brilliante" by Herbert L. Clarke.
Clarke, the composer, will listen in
;it Chicago. Band numbers include
"In a Persian Market ' by Ketclby;
"II Guarany Overture" by A. Carlo
Gomez; and "Serenade" by Victor
Herbert.
All band members must be at the
band house at 1:50 o'clock on Sun
day afternoon to take the bus char
tered to carry the Stanford aggre
gation to the city, states George
Britton, band manager.
A Columbia system radio hook-up
will carry a half-hour program of
broadcasting of the Stanford band
over western United States on Sun
day from 4 to 4:30. Bandmaster
Will H. Bickett will conduct.
Charley Bubb, ace trumpet player,
will render a solo entitled "Valse
Brilliante" by Herbert L. Clarke.
Clarke, the composer, will listen in
;it Chicago. Band numbers include
"In a Persian Market ' by Ketclby;
"II Guarany Overture" by A. Carlo
Gomez; and "Serenade" by Victor
Herbert.
All band members must be at the
band house at 1:50 o'clock on Sun
day afternoon to take the bus char
tered to carry the Stanford aggre
gation to the city, states George
Britton, band manager.
A Columbia system radio hook-up
will carry a half-hour program of
broadcasting of the Stanford band
over western United States on Sun
day from 4 to 4:30. Bandmaster
Will H. Bickett will conduct.
Charley Bubb, ace trumpet player,
will render a solo entitled "Valse
Brilliante" by Herbert L. Clarke.
Clarke, the composer, will listen in
;it Chicago. Band numbers include
"In a Persian Market ' by Ketclby;
"II Guarany Overture" by A. Carlo
Gomez; and "Serenade" by Victor
Herbert.
All band members must be at the
band house at 1:50 o'clock on Sun
day afternoon to take the bus char
tered to carry the Stanford aggre
gation to the city, states George
Britton, band manager.
A Columbia system radio hook-up
will carry a half-hour program of
broadcasting of the Stanford band
over western United States on Sun
day from 4 to 4:30. Bandmaster
Will H. Bickett will conduct.
Charley Bubb, ace trumpet player,
will render a solo entitled "Valse
Brilliante" by Herbert L. Clarke.
Clarke, the composer, will listen in
;it Chicago. Band numbers include
"In a Persian Market ' by Ketclby;
"II Guarany Overture" by A. Carlo
Gomez; and "Serenade" by Victor
Herbert.
All band members must be at the
band house at 1:50 o'clock on Sun
day afternoon to take the bus char
tered to carry the Stanford aggre
gation to the city, states George
Britton, band manager.
A Columbia system radio hook-up
will carry a half-hour program of
broadcasting of the Stanford band
over western United States on Sun
day from 4 to 4:30. Bandmaster
Will H. Bickett will conduct.
Charley Bubb, ace trumpet player,
will render a solo entitled "Valse
Brilliante" by Herbert L. Clarke.
Clarke, the composer, will listen in
;it Chicago. Band numbers include
"In a Persian Market ' by Ketclby;
"II Guarany Overture" by A. Carlo
Gomez; and "Serenade" by Victor
Herbert.
All band members must be at the
band house at 1:50 o'clock on Sun
day afternoon to take the bus char
tered to carry the Stanford aggre
gation to the city, states George
Britton, band manager.
