# FIREMEN DROWN GIRL
## 
### 
SALEM, Ohio, April 11 (/H). —Fire-
men, who drenched a house to ex
tinguish a fire here last night,
drowned a 2-year-old girl in the
basement of the home, it was dis
covered today.
SALEM, Ohio, April 11 (/H). —Fire-
men, who drenched a house to ex
tinguish a fire here last night,
drowned a 2-year-old girl in the
basement of the home, it was dis
covered today.
SALEM, Ohio, April 11 (/H). —Fire-
men, who drenched a house to ex
tinguish a fire here last night,
drowned a 2-year-old girl in the
basement of the home, it was dis
covered today.
SALEM, Ohio, April 11 (/H). —Fire-
men, who drenched a house to ex
tinguish a fire here last night,
drowned a 2-year-old girl in the
basement of the home, it was dis
covered today.
SALEM, Ohio, April 11 (/H). —Fire-
men, who drenched a house to ex
tinguish a fire here last night,
drowned a 2-year-old girl in the
basement of the home, it was dis
covered today.
SALEM, Ohio, April 11 (/H). —Fire-
men, who drenched a house to ex
tinguish a fire here last night,
drowned a 2-year-old girl in the
basement of the home, it was dis
covered today.
SALEM, Ohio, April 11 (/H). —Fire-
men, who drenched a house to ex
tinguish a fire here last night,
drowned a 2-year-old girl in the
basement of the home, it was dis
covered today.
SALEM, Ohio, April 11 (/H). —Fire-
men, who drenched a house to ex
tinguish a fire here last night,
drowned a 2-year-old girl in the
basement of the home, it was dis
covered today.
SALEM, Ohio, April 11 (/H). —Fire-
men, who drenched a house to ex
tinguish a fire here last night,
drowned a 2-year-old girl in the
basement of the home, it was dis
covered today.
SALEM, Ohio, April 11 (/H). —Fire-
men, who drenched a house to ex
tinguish a fire here last night,
drowned a 2-year-old girl in the
basement of the home, it was dis
covered today.
SALEM, Ohio, April 11 (/H). —Fire-
men, who drenched a house to ex
tinguish a fire here last night,
drowned a 2-year-old girl in the
basement of the home, it was dis
covered today.
SALEM, Ohio, April 11 (/H). —Fire-
men, who drenched a house to ex
tinguish a fire here last night,
drowned a 2-year-old girl in the
basement of the home, it was dis
covered today.
SALEM, Ohio, April 11 (/H). —Fire-
men, who drenched a house to ex
tinguish a fire here last night,
drowned a 2-year-old girl in the
basement of the home, it was dis
covered today.
SALEM, Ohio, April 11 (/H). —Fire-
men, who drenched a house to ex
tinguish a fire here last night,
drowned a 2-year-old girl in the
basement of the home, it was dis
covered today.
SALEM, Ohio, April 11 (/H). —Fire-
men, who drenched a house to ex
tinguish a fire here last night,
drowned a 2-year-old girl in the
basement of the home, it was dis
covered today.
