# Adv. 28 Page 10
## 
### 
HOURS
The Bridge phone lines are open
24 hours a day, seven days a
week. Call any time to talk about
stress, relationships, whatever's
on your mind. We're here to
listen.
723-3392
HOURS
The Bridge phone lines are open
24 hours a day, seven days a
week. Call any time to talk about
stress, relationships, whatever's
on your mind. We're here to
listen.
723-3392
HOURS
The Bridge phone lines are open
24 hours a day, seven days a
week. Call any time to talk about
stress, relationships, whatever's
on your mind. We're here to
listen.
723-3392
HOURS
The Bridge phone lines are open
24 hours a day, seven days a
week. Call any time to talk about
stress, relationships, whatever's
on your mind. We're here to
listen.
723-3392
HOURS
The Bridge phone lines are open
24 hours a day, seven days a
week. Call any time to talk about
stress, relationships, whatever's
on your mind. We're here to
listen.
723-3392
HOURS
The Bridge phone lines are open
24 hours a day, seven days a
week. Call any time to talk about
stress, relationships, whatever's
on your mind. We're here to
listen.
723-3392
HOURS
The Bridge phone lines are open
24 hours a day, seven days a
week. Call any time to talk about
stress, relationships, whatever's
on your mind. We're here to
listen.
723-3392
