# JORDAN UNCHANGED
## 
### 
There is no noticeable change in
David Starr Jordan's condition, ac
cording to Dr. Russell Lee. Dr. Jor
dan is gradually losing strength, but
there was no further development
•yesterday.
There is no noticeable change in
David Starr Jordan's condition, ac
cording to Dr. Russell Lee. Dr. Jor
dan is gradually losing strength, but
there was no further development
•yesterday.
There is no noticeable change in
David Starr Jordan's condition, ac
cording to Dr. Russell Lee. Dr. Jor
dan is gradually losing strength, but
there was no further development
•yesterday.
There is no noticeable change in
David Starr Jordan's condition, ac
cording to Dr. Russell Lee. Dr. Jor
dan is gradually losing strength, but
there was no further development
•yesterday.
There is no noticeable change in
David Starr Jordan's condition, ac
cording to Dr. Russell Lee. Dr. Jor
dan is gradually losing strength, but
there was no further development
•yesterday.
There is no noticeable change in
David Starr Jordan's condition, ac
cording to Dr. Russell Lee. Dr. Jor
dan is gradually losing strength, but
there was no further development
•yesterday.
There is no noticeable change in
David Starr Jordan's condition, ac
cording to Dr. Russell Lee. Dr. Jor
dan is gradually losing strength, but
there was no further development
•yesterday.
There is no noticeable change in
David Starr Jordan's condition, ac
cording to Dr. Russell Lee. Dr. Jor
dan is gradually losing strength, but
there was no further development
•yesterday.
There is no noticeable change in
David Starr Jordan's condition, ac
cording to Dr. Russell Lee. Dr. Jor
dan is gradually losing strength, but
there was no further development
•yesterday.
There is no noticeable change in
David Starr Jordan's condition, ac
cording to Dr. Russell Lee. Dr. Jor
dan is gradually losing strength, but
there was no further development
•yesterday.
There is no noticeable change in
David Starr Jordan's condition, ac
cording to Dr. Russell Lee. Dr. Jor
dan is gradually losing strength, but
there was no further development
•yesterday.
There is no noticeable change in
David Starr Jordan's condition, ac
cording to Dr. Russell Lee. Dr. Jor
dan is gradually losing strength, but
there was no further development
•yesterday.
There is no noticeable change in
David Starr Jordan's condition, ac
cording to Dr. Russell Lee. Dr. Jor
dan is gradually losing strength, but
there was no further development
•yesterday.
There is no noticeable change in
David Starr Jordan's condition, ac
cording to Dr. Russell Lee. Dr. Jor
dan is gradually losing strength, but
there was no further development
•yesterday.
There is no noticeable change in
David Starr Jordan's condition, ac
cording to Dr. Russell Lee. Dr. Jor
dan is gradually losing strength, but
there was no further development
•yesterday.
