# New Polo Coach
## 
### 

Associated I'rrss Pliuto j
Charlotte Charbneau, Seattle
Wash., horsewoman and society
member, chosen coach of the Ri
viera Club mallet swingers at Lof
Angeles.

Associated I'rrss Pliuto j
Charlotte Charbneau, Seattle
Wash., horsewoman and society
member, chosen coach of the Ri
viera Club mallet swingers at Lof
Angeles.

Associated I'rrss Pliuto j
Charlotte Charbneau, Seattle
Wash., horsewoman and society
member, chosen coach of the Ri
viera Club mallet swingers at Lof
Angeles.

Associated I'rrss Pliuto j
Charlotte Charbneau, Seattle
Wash., horsewoman and society
member, chosen coach of the Ri
viera Club mallet swingers at Lof
Angeles.

Associated I'rrss Pliuto j
Charlotte Charbneau, Seattle
Wash., horsewoman and society
member, chosen coach of the Ri
viera Club mallet swingers at Lof
Angeles.

Associated I'rrss Pliuto j
Charlotte Charbneau, Seattle
Wash., horsewoman and society
member, chosen coach of the Ri
viera Club mallet swingers at Lof
Angeles.

Associated I'rrss Pliuto j
Charlotte Charbneau, Seattle
Wash., horsewoman and society
member, chosen coach of the Ri
viera Club mallet swingers at Lof
Angeles.

Associated I'rrss Pliuto j
Charlotte Charbneau, Seattle
Wash., horsewoman and society
member, chosen coach of the Ri
viera Club mallet swingers at Lof
Angeles.

Associated I'rrss Pliuto j
Charlotte Charbneau, Seattle
Wash., horsewoman and society
member, chosen coach of the Ri
viera Club mallet swingers at Lof
Angeles.

Associated I'rrss Pliuto j
Charlotte Charbneau, Seattle
Wash., horsewoman and society
member, chosen coach of the Ri
viera Club mallet swingers at Lof
Angeles.

Associated I'rrss Pliuto j
Charlotte Charbneau, Seattle
Wash., horsewoman and society
member, chosen coach of the Ri
viera Club mallet swingers at Lof
Angeles.

Associated I'rrss Pliuto j
Charlotte Charbneau, Seattle
Wash., horsewoman and society
member, chosen coach of the Ri
viera Club mallet swingers at Lof
Angeles.

Associated I'rrss Pliuto j
Charlotte Charbneau, Seattle
Wash., horsewoman and society
member, chosen coach of the Ri
viera Club mallet swingers at Lof
Angeles.

Associated I'rrss Pliuto j
Charlotte Charbneau, Seattle
Wash., horsewoman and society
member, chosen coach of the Ri
viera Club mallet swingers at Lof
Angeles.

Associated I'rrss Pliuto j
Charlotte Charbneau, Seattle
Wash., horsewoman and society
member, chosen coach of the Ri
viera Club mallet swingers at Lof
Angeles.
