# BROOKHART OPPOSES CANAL IN NICARAGUA
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, April 28. (/P). —
Senator Brookhart intends to oppose
construction of a new canal through
Nicaragua ifntil the inland water
way system in this country is com
pleted.

Back from an inspection of the
Panama Canal, he said the addition
of a third set of locks would give
that canal facilities to handle traf
fic for 25 or 30 years. He added,
however, he would oppose even
that work until the United States
waterway system is finished.
WASHINGTON, April 28. (/P). —
Senator Brookhart intends to oppose
construction of a new canal through
Nicaragua ifntil the inland water
way system in this country is com
pleted.

Back from an inspection of the
Panama Canal, he said the addition
of a third set of locks would give
that canal facilities to handle traf
fic for 25 or 30 years. He added,
however, he would oppose even
that work until the United States
waterway system is finished.
WASHINGTON, April 28. (/P). —
Senator Brookhart intends to oppose
construction of a new canal through
Nicaragua ifntil the inland water
way system in this country is com
pleted.

Back from an inspection of the
Panama Canal, he said the addition
of a third set of locks would give
that canal facilities to handle traf
fic for 25 or 30 years. He added,
however, he would oppose even
that work until the United States
waterway system is finished.
WASHINGTON, April 28. (/P). —
Senator Brookhart intends to oppose
construction of a new canal through
Nicaragua ifntil the inland water
way system in this country is com
pleted.

Back from an inspection of the
Panama Canal, he said the addition
of a third set of locks would give
that canal facilities to handle traf
fic for 25 or 30 years. He added,
however, he would oppose even
that work until the United States
waterway system is finished.
WASHINGTON, April 28. (/P). —
Senator Brookhart intends to oppose
construction of a new canal through
Nicaragua ifntil the inland water
way system in this country is com
pleted.

Back from an inspection of the
Panama Canal, he said the addition
of a third set of locks would give
that canal facilities to handle traf
fic for 25 or 30 years. He added,
however, he would oppose even
that work until the United States
waterway system is finished.
WASHINGTON, April 28. (/P). —
Senator Brookhart intends to oppose
construction of a new canal through
Nicaragua ifntil the inland water
way system in this country is com
pleted.

Back from an inspection of the
Panama Canal, he said the addition
of a third set of locks would give
that canal facilities to handle traf
fic for 25 or 30 years. He added,
however, he would oppose even
that work until the United States
waterway system is finished.
WASHINGTON, April 28. (/P). —
Senator Brookhart intends to oppose
construction of a new canal through
Nicaragua ifntil the inland water
way system in this country is com
pleted.

Back from an inspection of the
Panama Canal, he said the addition
of a third set of locks would give
that canal facilities to handle traf
fic for 25 or 30 years. He added,
however, he would oppose even
that work until the United States
waterway system is finished.
WASHINGTON, April 28. (/P). —
Senator Brookhart intends to oppose
construction of a new canal through
Nicaragua ifntil the inland water
way system in this country is com
pleted.

Back from an inspection of the
Panama Canal, he said the addition
of a third set of locks would give
that canal facilities to handle traf
fic for 25 or 30 years. He added,
however, he would oppose even
that work until the United States
waterway system is finished.
WASHINGTON, April 28. (/P). —
Senator Brookhart intends to oppose
construction of a new canal through
Nicaragua ifntil the inland water
way system in this country is com
pleted.

Back from an inspection of the
Panama Canal, he said the addition
of a third set of locks would give
that canal facilities to handle traf
fic for 25 or 30 years. He added,
however, he would oppose even
that work until the United States
waterway system is finished.
WASHINGTON, April 28. (/P). —
Senator Brookhart intends to oppose
construction of a new canal through
Nicaragua ifntil the inland water
way system in this country is com
pleted.

Back from an inspection of the
Panama Canal, he said the addition
of a third set of locks would give
that canal facilities to handle traf
fic for 25 or 30 years. He added,
however, he would oppose even
that work until the United States
waterway system is finished.
WASHINGTON, April 28. (/P). —
Senator Brookhart intends to oppose
construction of a new canal through
Nicaragua ifntil the inland water
way system in this country is com
pleted.

Back from an inspection of the
Panama Canal, he said the addition
of a third set of locks would give
that canal facilities to handle traf
fic for 25 or 30 years. He added,
however, he would oppose even
that work until the United States
waterway system is finished.
WASHINGTON, April 28. (/P). —
Senator Brookhart intends to oppose
construction of a new canal through
Nicaragua ifntil the inland water
way system in this country is com
pleted.

Back from an inspection of the
Panama Canal, he said the addition
of a third set of locks would give
that canal facilities to handle traf
fic for 25 or 30 years. He added,
however, he would oppose even
that work until the United States
waterway system is finished.
WASHINGTON, April 28. (/P). —
Senator Brookhart intends to oppose
construction of a new canal through
Nicaragua ifntil the inland water
way system in this country is com
pleted.

Back from an inspection of the
Panama Canal, he said the addition
of a third set of locks would give
that canal facilities to handle traf
fic for 25 or 30 years. He added,
however, he would oppose even
that work until the United States
waterway system is finished.
WASHINGTON, April 28. (/P). —
Senator Brookhart intends to oppose
construction of a new canal through
Nicaragua ifntil the inland water
way system in this country is com
pleted.

Back from an inspection of the
Panama Canal, he said the addition
of a third set of locks would give
that canal facilities to handle traf
fic for 25 or 30 years. He added,
however, he would oppose even
that work until the United States
waterway system is finished.
WASHINGTON, April 28. (/P). —
Senator Brookhart intends to oppose
construction of a new canal through
Nicaragua ifntil the inland water
way system in this country is com
pleted.

Back from an inspection of the
Panama Canal, he said the addition
of a third set of locks would give
that canal facilities to handle traf
fic for 25 or 30 years. He added,
however, he would oppose even
that work until the United States
waterway system is finished.
