# MARTIN ELECTED HEAD OF LAW ASSOCIATION
## 
### 
Laurence B. Martin, '20, was elected
president of the Stanford Law Asso
ciation and Frances Sheldon, '22, was
chosen secretary-treasurer at the first
meeting of the association held last
week.
Martin was president of the Eu
phronia Debating Society in 1919; he
was a member of the varsity and
Joffre debating teams in 1919 and
1920; he is vice dean of Delta Theta
Phi. a member of Delta Sigma Rho, and
of the Stanford Masonic Club.
Miss Sheldon was president of
"Wranglers last year and is a member
of the Gamma Phi Beta Sorority.
During the session of the law asso
ciation. it was decided to retain the
custom of having smokers each quar
ter and a committee was appointed to
arrange for a smoker to be held Thurs
day, October 26, for faculty and stu
dents of the department.
Laurence B. Martin, '20, was elected
president of the Stanford Law Asso
ciation and Frances Sheldon, '22, was
chosen secretary-treasurer at the first
meeting of the association held last
week.
Martin was president of the Eu
phronia Debating Society in 1919; he
was a member of the varsity and
Joffre debating teams in 1919 and
1920; he is vice dean of Delta Theta
Phi. a member of Delta Sigma Rho, and
of the Stanford Masonic Club.
Miss Sheldon was president of
"Wranglers last year and is a member
of the Gamma Phi Beta Sorority.
During the session of the law asso
ciation. it was decided to retain the
custom of having smokers each quar
ter and a committee was appointed to
arrange for a smoker to be held Thurs
day, October 26, for faculty and stu
dents of the department.
Laurence B. Martin, '20, was elected
president of the Stanford Law Asso
ciation and Frances Sheldon, '22, was
chosen secretary-treasurer at the first
meeting of the association held last
week.
Martin was president of the Eu
phronia Debating Society in 1919; he
was a member of the varsity and
Joffre debating teams in 1919 and
1920; he is vice dean of Delta Theta
Phi. a member of Delta Sigma Rho, and
of the Stanford Masonic Club.
Miss Sheldon was president of
"Wranglers last year and is a member
of the Gamma Phi Beta Sorority.
During the session of the law asso
ciation. it was decided to retain the
custom of having smokers each quar
ter and a committee was appointed to
arrange for a smoker to be held Thurs
day, October 26, for faculty and stu
dents of the department.
Laurence B. Martin, '20, was elected
president of the Stanford Law Asso
ciation and Frances Sheldon, '22, was
chosen secretary-treasurer at the first
meeting of the association held last
week.
Martin was president of the Eu
phronia Debating Society in 1919; he
was a member of the varsity and
Joffre debating teams in 1919 and
1920; he is vice dean of Delta Theta
Phi. a member of Delta Sigma Rho, and
of the Stanford Masonic Club.
Miss Sheldon was president of
"Wranglers last year and is a member
of the Gamma Phi Beta Sorority.
During the session of the law asso
ciation. it was decided to retain the
custom of having smokers each quar
ter and a committee was appointed to
arrange for a smoker to be held Thurs
day, October 26, for faculty and stu
dents of the department.
Laurence B. Martin, '20, was elected
president of the Stanford Law Asso
ciation and Frances Sheldon, '22, was
chosen secretary-treasurer at the first
meeting of the association held last
week.
Martin was president of the Eu
phronia Debating Society in 1919; he
was a member of the varsity and
Joffre debating teams in 1919 and
1920; he is vice dean of Delta Theta
Phi. a member of Delta Sigma Rho, and
of the Stanford Masonic Club.
Miss Sheldon was president of
"Wranglers last year and is a member
of the Gamma Phi Beta Sorority.
During the session of the law asso
ciation. it was decided to retain the
custom of having smokers each quar
ter and a committee was appointed to
arrange for a smoker to be held Thurs
day, October 26, for faculty and stu
dents of the department.
Laurence B. Martin, '20, was elected
president of the Stanford Law Asso
ciation and Frances Sheldon, '22, was
chosen secretary-treasurer at the first
meeting of the association held last
week.
Martin was president of the Eu
phronia Debating Society in 1919; he
was a member of the varsity and
Joffre debating teams in 1919 and
1920; he is vice dean of Delta Theta
Phi. a member of Delta Sigma Rho, and
of the Stanford Masonic Club.
Miss Sheldon was president of
"Wranglers last year and is a member
of the Gamma Phi Beta Sorority.
During the session of the law asso
ciation. it was decided to retain the
custom of having smokers each quar
ter and a committee was appointed to
arrange for a smoker to be held Thurs
day, October 26, for faculty and stu
dents of the department.
Laurence B. Martin, '20, was elected
president of the Stanford Law Asso
ciation and Frances Sheldon, '22, was
chosen secretary-treasurer at the first
meeting of the association held last
week.
Martin was president of the Eu
phronia Debating Society in 1919; he
was a member of the varsity and
Joffre debating teams in 1919 and
1920; he is vice dean of Delta Theta
Phi. a member of Delta Sigma Rho, and
of the Stanford Masonic Club.
Miss Sheldon was president of
"Wranglers last year and is a member
of the Gamma Phi Beta Sorority.
During the session of the law asso
ciation. it was decided to retain the
custom of having smokers each quar
ter and a committee was appointed to
arrange for a smoker to be held Thurs
day, October 26, for faculty and stu
dents of the department.
Laurence B. Martin, '20, was elected
president of the Stanford Law Asso
ciation and Frances Sheldon, '22, was
chosen secretary-treasurer at the first
meeting of the association held last
week.
Martin was president of the Eu
phronia Debating Society in 1919; he
was a member of the varsity and
Joffre debating teams in 1919 and
1920; he is vice dean of Delta Theta
Phi. a member of Delta Sigma Rho, and
of the Stanford Masonic Club.
Miss Sheldon was president of
"Wranglers last year and is a member
of the Gamma Phi Beta Sorority.
During the session of the law asso
ciation. it was decided to retain the
custom of having smokers each quar
ter and a committee was appointed to
arrange for a smoker to be held Thurs
day, October 26, for faculty and stu
dents of the department.
Laurence B. Martin, '20, was elected
president of the Stanford Law Asso
ciation and Frances Sheldon, '22, was
chosen secretary-treasurer at the first
meeting of the association held last
week.
Martin was president of the Eu
phronia Debating Society in 1919; he
was a member of the varsity and
Joffre debating teams in 1919 and
1920; he is vice dean of Delta Theta
Phi. a member of Delta Sigma Rho, and
of the Stanford Masonic Club.
Miss Sheldon was president of
"Wranglers last year and is a member
of the Gamma Phi Beta Sorority.
During the session of the law asso
ciation. it was decided to retain the
custom of having smokers each quar
ter and a committee was appointed to
arrange for a smoker to be held Thurs
day, October 26, for faculty and stu
dents of the department.
Laurence B. Martin, '20, was elected
president of the Stanford Law Asso
ciation and Frances Sheldon, '22, was
chosen secretary-treasurer at the first
meeting of the association held last
week.
Martin was president of the Eu
phronia Debating Society in 1919; he
was a member of the varsity and
Joffre debating teams in 1919 and
1920; he is vice dean of Delta Theta
Phi. a member of Delta Sigma Rho, and
of the Stanford Masonic Club.
Miss Sheldon was president of
"Wranglers last year and is a member
of the Gamma Phi Beta Sorority.
During the session of the law asso
ciation. it was decided to retain the
custom of having smokers each quar
ter and a committee was appointed to
arrange for a smoker to be held Thurs
day, October 26, for faculty and stu
dents of the department.
Laurence B. Martin, '20, was elected
president of the Stanford Law Asso
ciation and Frances Sheldon, '22, was
chosen secretary-treasurer at the first
meeting of the association held last
week.
Martin was president of the Eu
phronia Debating Society in 1919; he
was a member of the varsity and
Joffre debating teams in 1919 and
1920; he is vice dean of Delta Theta
Phi. a member of Delta Sigma Rho, and
of the Stanford Masonic Club.
Miss Sheldon was president of
"Wranglers last year and is a member
of the Gamma Phi Beta Sorority.
During the session of the law asso
ciation. it was decided to retain the
custom of having smokers each quar
ter and a committee was appointed to
arrange for a smoker to be held Thurs
day, October 26, for faculty and stu
dents of the department.
Laurence B. Martin, '20, was elected
president of the Stanford Law Asso
ciation and Frances Sheldon, '22, was
chosen secretary-treasurer at the first
meeting of the association held last
week.
Martin was president of the Eu
phronia Debating Society in 1919; he
was a member of the varsity and
Joffre debating teams in 1919 and
1920; he is vice dean of Delta Theta
Phi. a member of Delta Sigma Rho, and
of the Stanford Masonic Club.
Miss Sheldon was president of
"Wranglers last year and is a member
of the Gamma Phi Beta Sorority.
During the session of the law asso
ciation. it was decided to retain the
custom of having smokers each quar
ter and a committee was appointed to
arrange for a smoker to be held Thurs
day, October 26, for faculty and stu
dents of the department.
Laurence B. Martin, '20, was elected
president of the Stanford Law Asso
ciation and Frances Sheldon, '22, was
chosen secretary-treasurer at the first
meeting of the association held last
week.
Martin was president of the Eu
phronia Debating Society in 1919; he
was a member of the varsity and
Joffre debating teams in 1919 and
1920; he is vice dean of Delta Theta
Phi. a member of Delta Sigma Rho, and
of the Stanford Masonic Club.
Miss Sheldon was president of
"Wranglers last year and is a member
of the Gamma Phi Beta Sorority.
During the session of the law asso
ciation. it was decided to retain the
custom of having smokers each quar
ter and a committee was appointed to
arrange for a smoker to be held Thurs
day, October 26, for faculty and stu
dents of the department.
Laurence B. Martin, '20, was elected
president of the Stanford Law Asso
ciation and Frances Sheldon, '22, was
chosen secretary-treasurer at the first
meeting of the association held last
week.
Martin was president of the Eu
phronia Debating Society in 1919; he
was a member of the varsity and
Joffre debating teams in 1919 and
1920; he is vice dean of Delta Theta
Phi. a member of Delta Sigma Rho, and
of the Stanford Masonic Club.
Miss Sheldon was president of
"Wranglers last year and is a member
of the Gamma Phi Beta Sorority.
During the session of the law asso
ciation. it was decided to retain the
custom of having smokers each quar
ter and a committee was appointed to
arrange for a smoker to be held Thurs
day, October 26, for faculty and stu
dents of the department.
