# BONAR LAW ELECTED LEADER OF UNIONISTS
## 
### (By United Press 
LONDON, Oct. 23. —Bonar Law was
elected leader of the unionists at a
meeting of that party in the Cecil
hotel today.
Law, according to custom, will im
mediatery inform the king of the ac
tion of his party and announce that
he is able to succeed the coalition
headed by Lloyd George, retiring
premier.
The election of Bonar Law to the
leadership of his party was unanimous
as had been expected. He immediately
started to address his adherents.
LONDON, Oct. 23. —Bonar Law was
elected leader of the unionists at a
meeting of that party in the Cecil
hotel today.
Law, according to custom, will im
mediatery inform the king of the ac
tion of his party and announce that
he is able to succeed the coalition
headed by Lloyd George, retiring
premier.
The election of Bonar Law to the
leadership of his party was unanimous
as had been expected. He immediately
started to address his adherents.
LONDON, Oct. 23. —Bonar Law was
elected leader of the unionists at a
meeting of that party in the Cecil
hotel today.
Law, according to custom, will im
mediatery inform the king of the ac
tion of his party and announce that
he is able to succeed the coalition
headed by Lloyd George, retiring
premier.
The election of Bonar Law to the
leadership of his party was unanimous
as had been expected. He immediately
started to address his adherents.
LONDON, Oct. 23. —Bonar Law was
elected leader of the unionists at a
meeting of that party in the Cecil
hotel today.
Law, according to custom, will im
mediatery inform the king of the ac
tion of his party and announce that
he is able to succeed the coalition
headed by Lloyd George, retiring
premier.
The election of Bonar Law to the
leadership of his party was unanimous
as had been expected. He immediately
started to address his adherents.
LONDON, Oct. 23. —Bonar Law was
elected leader of the unionists at a
meeting of that party in the Cecil
hotel today.
Law, according to custom, will im
mediatery inform the king of the ac
tion of his party and announce that
he is able to succeed the coalition
headed by Lloyd George, retiring
premier.
The election of Bonar Law to the
leadership of his party was unanimous
as had been expected. He immediately
started to address his adherents.
LONDON, Oct. 23. —Bonar Law was
elected leader of the unionists at a
meeting of that party in the Cecil
hotel today.
Law, according to custom, will im
mediatery inform the king of the ac
tion of his party and announce that
he is able to succeed the coalition
headed by Lloyd George, retiring
premier.
The election of Bonar Law to the
leadership of his party was unanimous
as had been expected. He immediately
started to address his adherents.
LONDON, Oct. 23. —Bonar Law was
elected leader of the unionists at a
meeting of that party in the Cecil
hotel today.
Law, according to custom, will im
mediatery inform the king of the ac
tion of his party and announce that
he is able to succeed the coalition
headed by Lloyd George, retiring
premier.
The election of Bonar Law to the
leadership of his party was unanimous
as had been expected. He immediately
started to address his adherents.
LONDON, Oct. 23. —Bonar Law was
elected leader of the unionists at a
meeting of that party in the Cecil
hotel today.
Law, according to custom, will im
mediatery inform the king of the ac
tion of his party and announce that
he is able to succeed the coalition
headed by Lloyd George, retiring
premier.
The election of Bonar Law to the
leadership of his party was unanimous
as had been expected. He immediately
started to address his adherents.
LONDON, Oct. 23. —Bonar Law was
elected leader of the unionists at a
meeting of that party in the Cecil
hotel today.
Law, according to custom, will im
mediatery inform the king of the ac
tion of his party and announce that
he is able to succeed the coalition
headed by Lloyd George, retiring
premier.
The election of Bonar Law to the
leadership of his party was unanimous
as had been expected. He immediately
started to address his adherents.
LONDON, Oct. 23. —Bonar Law was
elected leader of the unionists at a
meeting of that party in the Cecil
hotel today.
Law, according to custom, will im
mediatery inform the king of the ac
tion of his party and announce that
he is able to succeed the coalition
headed by Lloyd George, retiring
premier.
The election of Bonar Law to the
leadership of his party was unanimous
as had been expected. He immediately
started to address his adherents.
LONDON, Oct. 23. —Bonar Law was
elected leader of the unionists at a
meeting of that party in the Cecil
hotel today.
Law, according to custom, will im
mediatery inform the king of the ac
tion of his party and announce that
he is able to succeed the coalition
headed by Lloyd George, retiring
premier.
The election of Bonar Law to the
leadership of his party was unanimous
as had been expected. He immediately
started to address his adherents.
LONDON, Oct. 23. —Bonar Law was
elected leader of the unionists at a
meeting of that party in the Cecil
hotel today.
Law, according to custom, will im
mediatery inform the king of the ac
tion of his party and announce that
he is able to succeed the coalition
headed by Lloyd George, retiring
premier.
The election of Bonar Law to the
leadership of his party was unanimous
as had been expected. He immediately
started to address his adherents.
LONDON, Oct. 23. —Bonar Law was
elected leader of the unionists at a
meeting of that party in the Cecil
hotel today.
Law, according to custom, will im
mediatery inform the king of the ac
tion of his party and announce that
he is able to succeed the coalition
headed by Lloyd George, retiring
premier.
The election of Bonar Law to the
leadership of his party was unanimous
as had been expected. He immediately
started to address his adherents.
LONDON, Oct. 23. —Bonar Law was
elected leader of the unionists at a
meeting of that party in the Cecil
hotel today.
Law, according to custom, will im
mediatery inform the king of the ac
tion of his party and announce that
he is able to succeed the coalition
headed by Lloyd George, retiring
premier.
The election of Bonar Law to the
leadership of his party was unanimous
as had been expected. He immediately
started to address his adherents.
