# NEW SODA FOUNTAIN
## 
### 
UNIVERSITY OF' CALIFORNIA—
Seating thirty-eight people and at
tended by six soda dispensers, the soda
fountain in the Associated Students'
store opened Thursday morning. It is
fitted with three percolators and two
electric fudge heaters which can keep
one gallon of fudge at a palatable
temperature for an indefinite period.
Twelve electric malt mixers have also
been installed. Four separate dispens
ing units enable eight men to serve
drinks at the same time. The establish
ment is considered the largest in the
East-Bay region.
UNIVERSITY OF' CALIFORNIA—
Seating thirty-eight people and at
tended by six soda dispensers, the soda
fountain in the Associated Students'
store opened Thursday morning. It is
fitted with three percolators and two
electric fudge heaters which can keep
one gallon of fudge at a palatable
temperature for an indefinite period.
Twelve electric malt mixers have also
been installed. Four separate dispens
ing units enable eight men to serve
drinks at the same time. The establish
ment is considered the largest in the
East-Bay region.
UNIVERSITY OF' CALIFORNIA—
Seating thirty-eight people and at
tended by six soda dispensers, the soda
fountain in the Associated Students'
store opened Thursday morning. It is
fitted with three percolators and two
electric fudge heaters which can keep
one gallon of fudge at a palatable
temperature for an indefinite period.
Twelve electric malt mixers have also
been installed. Four separate dispens
ing units enable eight men to serve
drinks at the same time. The establish
ment is considered the largest in the
East-Bay region.
UNIVERSITY OF' CALIFORNIA—
Seating thirty-eight people and at
tended by six soda dispensers, the soda
fountain in the Associated Students'
store opened Thursday morning. It is
fitted with three percolators and two
electric fudge heaters which can keep
one gallon of fudge at a palatable
temperature for an indefinite period.
Twelve electric malt mixers have also
been installed. Four separate dispens
ing units enable eight men to serve
drinks at the same time. The establish
ment is considered the largest in the
East-Bay region.
UNIVERSITY OF' CALIFORNIA—
Seating thirty-eight people and at
tended by six soda dispensers, the soda
fountain in the Associated Students'
store opened Thursday morning. It is
fitted with three percolators and two
electric fudge heaters which can keep
one gallon of fudge at a palatable
temperature for an indefinite period.
Twelve electric malt mixers have also
been installed. Four separate dispens
ing units enable eight men to serve
drinks at the same time. The establish
ment is considered the largest in the
East-Bay region.
UNIVERSITY OF' CALIFORNIA—
Seating thirty-eight people and at
tended by six soda dispensers, the soda
fountain in the Associated Students'
store opened Thursday morning. It is
fitted with three percolators and two
electric fudge heaters which can keep
one gallon of fudge at a palatable
temperature for an indefinite period.
Twelve electric malt mixers have also
been installed. Four separate dispens
ing units enable eight men to serve
drinks at the same time. The establish
ment is considered the largest in the
East-Bay region.
UNIVERSITY OF' CALIFORNIA—
Seating thirty-eight people and at
tended by six soda dispensers, the soda
fountain in the Associated Students'
store opened Thursday morning. It is
fitted with three percolators and two
electric fudge heaters which can keep
one gallon of fudge at a palatable
temperature for an indefinite period.
Twelve electric malt mixers have also
been installed. Four separate dispens
ing units enable eight men to serve
drinks at the same time. The establish
ment is considered the largest in the
East-Bay region.
UNIVERSITY OF' CALIFORNIA—
Seating thirty-eight people and at
tended by six soda dispensers, the soda
fountain in the Associated Students'
store opened Thursday morning. It is
fitted with three percolators and two
electric fudge heaters which can keep
one gallon of fudge at a palatable
temperature for an indefinite period.
Twelve electric malt mixers have also
been installed. Four separate dispens
ing units enable eight men to serve
drinks at the same time. The establish
ment is considered the largest in the
East-Bay region.
UNIVERSITY OF' CALIFORNIA—
Seating thirty-eight people and at
tended by six soda dispensers, the soda
fountain in the Associated Students'
store opened Thursday morning. It is
fitted with three percolators and two
electric fudge heaters which can keep
one gallon of fudge at a palatable
temperature for an indefinite period.
Twelve electric malt mixers have also
been installed. Four separate dispens
ing units enable eight men to serve
drinks at the same time. The establish
ment is considered the largest in the
East-Bay region.
UNIVERSITY OF' CALIFORNIA—
Seating thirty-eight people and at
tended by six soda dispensers, the soda
fountain in the Associated Students'
store opened Thursday morning. It is
fitted with three percolators and two
electric fudge heaters which can keep
one gallon of fudge at a palatable
temperature for an indefinite period.
Twelve electric malt mixers have also
been installed. Four separate dispens
ing units enable eight men to serve
drinks at the same time. The establish
ment is considered the largest in the
East-Bay region.
UNIVERSITY OF' CALIFORNIA—
Seating thirty-eight people and at
tended by six soda dispensers, the soda
fountain in the Associated Students'
store opened Thursday morning. It is
fitted with three percolators and two
electric fudge heaters which can keep
one gallon of fudge at a palatable
temperature for an indefinite period.
Twelve electric malt mixers have also
been installed. Four separate dispens
ing units enable eight men to serve
drinks at the same time. The establish
ment is considered the largest in the
East-Bay region.
UNIVERSITY OF' CALIFORNIA—
Seating thirty-eight people and at
tended by six soda dispensers, the soda
fountain in the Associated Students'
store opened Thursday morning. It is
fitted with three percolators and two
electric fudge heaters which can keep
one gallon of fudge at a palatable
temperature for an indefinite period.
Twelve electric malt mixers have also
been installed. Four separate dispens
ing units enable eight men to serve
drinks at the same time. The establish
ment is considered the largest in the
East-Bay region.
UNIVERSITY OF' CALIFORNIA—
Seating thirty-eight people and at
tended by six soda dispensers, the soda
fountain in the Associated Students'
store opened Thursday morning. It is
fitted with three percolators and two
electric fudge heaters which can keep
one gallon of fudge at a palatable
temperature for an indefinite period.
Twelve electric malt mixers have also
been installed. Four separate dispens
ing units enable eight men to serve
drinks at the same time. The establish
ment is considered the largest in the
East-Bay region.
UNIVERSITY OF' CALIFORNIA—
Seating thirty-eight people and at
tended by six soda dispensers, the soda
fountain in the Associated Students'
store opened Thursday morning. It is
fitted with three percolators and two
electric fudge heaters which can keep
one gallon of fudge at a palatable
temperature for an indefinite period.
Twelve electric malt mixers have also
been installed. Four separate dispens
ing units enable eight men to serve
drinks at the same time. The establish
ment is considered the largest in the
East-Bay region.
