# Staff Appointed For Law Review'
## 
### 
The Stanford Law r Review’s lop
student position has gone to Mi
chael A. Willemsen. He has been
named president of the Board of
Editors for the coming year.
Managing editor for the quar
terly's 14th volume will be John
D. MacFarlane. Leslie A, Minkus
will be the article and book review
editor; Jared G. Carter, recent de
cisions editor; and Donald G. Hin
kle and Kenneth B. Koeppcn, note
editors.

Revising editors will he Brian
G. Booth, Robert DeWitt, John W.
Larson and Dallas C. Mitchell.
Other members of the editorial
board for the 1961-62 Review are
William B. Campbell, Winchester
Cooley 111, Dennis B, Farrar, Ber
nard M. Filler, John O. Germino,
Philip S. Heinecke, John F. Mar
shall and Richard C. Wydick.
The Stanford Law r Review’s lop
student position has gone to Mi
chael A. Willemsen. He has been
named president of the Board of
Editors for the coming year.
Managing editor for the quar
terly's 14th volume will be John
D. MacFarlane. Leslie A, Minkus
will be the article and book review
editor; Jared G. Carter, recent de
cisions editor; and Donald G. Hin
kle and Kenneth B. Koeppcn, note
editors.

Revising editors will he Brian
G. Booth, Robert DeWitt, John W.
Larson and Dallas C. Mitchell.
Other members of the editorial
board for the 1961-62 Review are
William B. Campbell, Winchester
Cooley 111, Dennis B, Farrar, Ber
nard M. Filler, John O. Germino,
Philip S. Heinecke, John F. Mar
shall and Richard C. Wydick.
The Stanford Law r Review’s lop
student position has gone to Mi
chael A. Willemsen. He has been
named president of the Board of
Editors for the coming year.
Managing editor for the quar
terly's 14th volume will be John
D. MacFarlane. Leslie A, Minkus
will be the article and book review
editor; Jared G. Carter, recent de
cisions editor; and Donald G. Hin
kle and Kenneth B. Koeppcn, note
editors.

Revising editors will he Brian
G. Booth, Robert DeWitt, John W.
Larson and Dallas C. Mitchell.
Other members of the editorial
board for the 1961-62 Review are
William B. Campbell, Winchester
Cooley 111, Dennis B, Farrar, Ber
nard M. Filler, John O. Germino,
Philip S. Heinecke, John F. Mar
shall and Richard C. Wydick.
The Stanford Law r Review’s lop
student position has gone to Mi
chael A. Willemsen. He has been
named president of the Board of
Editors for the coming year.
Managing editor for the quar
terly's 14th volume will be John
D. MacFarlane. Leslie A, Minkus
will be the article and book review
editor; Jared G. Carter, recent de
cisions editor; and Donald G. Hin
kle and Kenneth B. Koeppcn, note
editors.

Revising editors will he Brian
G. Booth, Robert DeWitt, John W.
Larson and Dallas C. Mitchell.
Other members of the editorial
board for the 1961-62 Review are
William B. Campbell, Winchester
Cooley 111, Dennis B, Farrar, Ber
nard M. Filler, John O. Germino,
Philip S. Heinecke, John F. Mar
shall and Richard C. Wydick.
The Stanford Law r Review’s lop
student position has gone to Mi
chael A. Willemsen. He has been
named president of the Board of
Editors for the coming year.
Managing editor for the quar
terly's 14th volume will be John
D. MacFarlane. Leslie A, Minkus
will be the article and book review
editor; Jared G. Carter, recent de
cisions editor; and Donald G. Hin
kle and Kenneth B. Koeppcn, note
editors.

Revising editors will he Brian
G. Booth, Robert DeWitt, John W.
Larson and Dallas C. Mitchell.
Other members of the editorial
board for the 1961-62 Review are
William B. Campbell, Winchester
Cooley 111, Dennis B, Farrar, Ber
nard M. Filler, John O. Germino,
Philip S. Heinecke, John F. Mar
shall and Richard C. Wydick.
The Stanford Law r Review’s lop
student position has gone to Mi
chael A. Willemsen. He has been
named president of the Board of
Editors for the coming year.
Managing editor for the quar
terly's 14th volume will be John
D. MacFarlane. Leslie A, Minkus
will be the article and book review
editor; Jared G. Carter, recent de
cisions editor; and Donald G. Hin
kle and Kenneth B. Koeppcn, note
editors.

Revising editors will he Brian
G. Booth, Robert DeWitt, John W.
Larson and Dallas C. Mitchell.
Other members of the editorial
board for the 1961-62 Review are
William B. Campbell, Winchester
Cooley 111, Dennis B, Farrar, Ber
nard M. Filler, John O. Germino,
Philip S. Heinecke, John F. Mar
shall and Richard C. Wydick.
The Stanford Law r Review’s lop
student position has gone to Mi
chael A. Willemsen. He has been
named president of the Board of
Editors for the coming year.
Managing editor for the quar
terly's 14th volume will be John
D. MacFarlane. Leslie A, Minkus
will be the article and book review
editor; Jared G. Carter, recent de
cisions editor; and Donald G. Hin
kle and Kenneth B. Koeppcn, note
editors.

Revising editors will he Brian
G. Booth, Robert DeWitt, John W.
Larson and Dallas C. Mitchell.
Other members of the editorial
board for the 1961-62 Review are
William B. Campbell, Winchester
Cooley 111, Dennis B, Farrar, Ber
nard M. Filler, John O. Germino,
Philip S. Heinecke, John F. Mar
shall and Richard C. Wydick.
The Stanford Law r Review’s lop
student position has gone to Mi
chael A. Willemsen. He has been
named president of the Board of
Editors for the coming year.
Managing editor for the quar
terly's 14th volume will be John
D. MacFarlane. Leslie A, Minkus
will be the article and book review
editor; Jared G. Carter, recent de
cisions editor; and Donald G. Hin
kle and Kenneth B. Koeppcn, note
editors.

Revising editors will he Brian
G. Booth, Robert DeWitt, John W.
Larson and Dallas C. Mitchell.
Other members of the editorial
board for the 1961-62 Review are
William B. Campbell, Winchester
Cooley 111, Dennis B, Farrar, Ber
nard M. Filler, John O. Germino,
Philip S. Heinecke, John F. Mar
shall and Richard C. Wydick.
The Stanford Law r Review’s lop
student position has gone to Mi
chael A. Willemsen. He has been
named president of the Board of
Editors for the coming year.
Managing editor for the quar
terly's 14th volume will be John
D. MacFarlane. Leslie A, Minkus
will be the article and book review
editor; Jared G. Carter, recent de
cisions editor; and Donald G. Hin
kle and Kenneth B. Koeppcn, note
editors.

Revising editors will he Brian
G. Booth, Robert DeWitt, John W.
Larson and Dallas C. Mitchell.
Other members of the editorial
board for the 1961-62 Review are
William B. Campbell, Winchester
Cooley 111, Dennis B, Farrar, Ber
nard M. Filler, John O. Germino,
Philip S. Heinecke, John F. Mar
shall and Richard C. Wydick.
The Stanford Law r Review’s lop
student position has gone to Mi
chael A. Willemsen. He has been
named president of the Board of
Editors for the coming year.
Managing editor for the quar
terly's 14th volume will be John
D. MacFarlane. Leslie A, Minkus
will be the article and book review
editor; Jared G. Carter, recent de
cisions editor; and Donald G. Hin
kle and Kenneth B. Koeppcn, note
editors.

Revising editors will he Brian
G. Booth, Robert DeWitt, John W.
Larson and Dallas C. Mitchell.
Other members of the editorial
board for the 1961-62 Review are
William B. Campbell, Winchester
Cooley 111, Dennis B, Farrar, Ber
nard M. Filler, John O. Germino,
Philip S. Heinecke, John F. Mar
shall and Richard C. Wydick.
The Stanford Law r Review’s lop
student position has gone to Mi
chael A. Willemsen. He has been
named president of the Board of
Editors for the coming year.
Managing editor for the quar
terly's 14th volume will be John
D. MacFarlane. Leslie A, Minkus
will be the article and book review
editor; Jared G. Carter, recent de
cisions editor; and Donald G. Hin
kle and Kenneth B. Koeppcn, note
editors.

Revising editors will he Brian
G. Booth, Robert DeWitt, John W.
Larson and Dallas C. Mitchell.
Other members of the editorial
board for the 1961-62 Review are
William B. Campbell, Winchester
Cooley 111, Dennis B, Farrar, Ber
nard M. Filler, John O. Germino,
Philip S. Heinecke, John F. Mar
shall and Richard C. Wydick.
The Stanford Law r Review’s lop
student position has gone to Mi
chael A. Willemsen. He has been
named president of the Board of
Editors for the coming year.
Managing editor for the quar
terly's 14th volume will be John
D. MacFarlane. Leslie A, Minkus
will be the article and book review
editor; Jared G. Carter, recent de
cisions editor; and Donald G. Hin
kle and Kenneth B. Koeppcn, note
editors.

Revising editors will he Brian
G. Booth, Robert DeWitt, John W.
Larson and Dallas C. Mitchell.
Other members of the editorial
board for the 1961-62 Review are
William B. Campbell, Winchester
Cooley 111, Dennis B, Farrar, Ber
nard M. Filler, John O. Germino,
Philip S. Heinecke, John F. Mar
shall and Richard C. Wydick.
The Stanford Law r Review’s lop
student position has gone to Mi
chael A. Willemsen. He has been
named president of the Board of
Editors for the coming year.
Managing editor for the quar
terly's 14th volume will be John
D. MacFarlane. Leslie A, Minkus
will be the article and book review
editor; Jared G. Carter, recent de
cisions editor; and Donald G. Hin
kle and Kenneth B. Koeppcn, note
editors.

Revising editors will he Brian
G. Booth, Robert DeWitt, John W.
Larson and Dallas C. Mitchell.
Other members of the editorial
board for the 1961-62 Review are
William B. Campbell, Winchester
Cooley 111, Dennis B, Farrar, Ber
nard M. Filler, John O. Germino,
Philip S. Heinecke, John F. Mar
shall and Richard C. Wydick.
The Stanford Law r Review’s lop
student position has gone to Mi
chael A. Willemsen. He has been
named president of the Board of
Editors for the coming year.
Managing editor for the quar
terly's 14th volume will be John
D. MacFarlane. Leslie A, Minkus
will be the article and book review
editor; Jared G. Carter, recent de
cisions editor; and Donald G. Hin
kle and Kenneth B. Koeppcn, note
editors.

Revising editors will he Brian
G. Booth, Robert DeWitt, John W.
Larson and Dallas C. Mitchell.
Other members of the editorial
board for the 1961-62 Review are
William B. Campbell, Winchester
Cooley 111, Dennis B, Farrar, Ber
nard M. Filler, John O. Germino,
Philip S. Heinecke, John F. Mar
shall and Richard C. Wydick.
The Stanford Law r Review’s lop
student position has gone to Mi
chael A. Willemsen. He has been
named president of the Board of
Editors for the coming year.
Managing editor for the quar
terly's 14th volume will be John
D. MacFarlane. Leslie A, Minkus
will be the article and book review
editor; Jared G. Carter, recent de
cisions editor; and Donald G. Hin
kle and Kenneth B. Koeppcn, note
editors.

Revising editors will he Brian
G. Booth, Robert DeWitt, John W.
Larson and Dallas C. Mitchell.
Other members of the editorial
board for the 1961-62 Review are
William B. Campbell, Winchester
Cooley 111, Dennis B, Farrar, Ber
nard M. Filler, John O. Germino,
Philip S. Heinecke, John F. Mar
shall and Richard C. Wydick.
The Stanford Law r Review’s lop
student position has gone to Mi
chael A. Willemsen. He has been
named president of the Board of
Editors for the coming year.
Managing editor for the quar
terly's 14th volume will be John
D. MacFarlane. Leslie A, Minkus
will be the article and book review
editor; Jared G. Carter, recent de
cisions editor; and Donald G. Hin
kle and Kenneth B. Koeppcn, note
editors.

Revising editors will he Brian
G. Booth, Robert DeWitt, John W.
Larson and Dallas C. Mitchell.
Other members of the editorial
board for the 1961-62 Review are
William B. Campbell, Winchester
Cooley 111, Dennis B, Farrar, Ber
nard M. Filler, John O. Germino,
Philip S. Heinecke, John F. Mar
shall and Richard C. Wydick.
