# Editor to Talk On Cuba Crisis
## 
### 
Sidney Lens, editor of Lib
eration Magazine and Ameri
can Labor Loader, will speak
on “Cuba—Our Role in the
Crisis,” tomorrow at 8 p.m.
in the Little Theater of Palo
Alto Community Center, un
der the auspices of the Penin
sula Peace Center. Admission
is free.
Lens, who has visited 64
countries, spent four weeks
on a tour of Cuba the past
winter. He reported findings
under the Castro regime in
the March issue of Fellowship
Magazine.
His most recent book is
“The Crisis of American La
bor: the Counterfeit Revolu
tion.” He has written for the
Yale Review, The Nation, the
Progressive, Harvard Busi
ness Quarterly, and the Chris
tian Science Monitor.
