# Gaieties Tickets Go on Sale Today
## 
### 
Red and white, blue and gold, the
traditional Big Game football colors,
will brighten Engineering Corner
today as Rams' Head begins the Big
Game Gaieties general ticket sale.
Tickets, which are selling for 75
cents, $1, or $1.25, will appear in
colorful boxes. The red box will
contain the tickets for the Nov. 16
pi rfonnanee; gold, Nov. 17; blue,
Nov. 18; and white, Nov. 19.
Red and white, blue and gold, the
traditional Big Game football colors,
will brighten Engineering Corner
today as Rams' Head begins the Big
Game Gaieties general ticket sale.
Tickets, which are selling for 75
cents, $1, or $1.25, will appear in
colorful boxes. The red box will
contain the tickets for the Nov. 16
pi rfonnanee; gold, Nov. 17; blue,
Nov. 18; and white, Nov. 19.
Red and white, blue and gold, the
traditional Big Game football colors,
will brighten Engineering Corner
today as Rams' Head begins the Big
Game Gaieties general ticket sale.
Tickets, which are selling for 75
cents, $1, or $1.25, will appear in
colorful boxes. The red box will
contain the tickets for the Nov. 16
pi rfonnanee; gold, Nov. 17; blue,
Nov. 18; and white, Nov. 19.
Red and white, blue and gold, the
traditional Big Game football colors,
will brighten Engineering Corner
today as Rams' Head begins the Big
Game Gaieties general ticket sale.
Tickets, which are selling for 75
cents, $1, or $1.25, will appear in
colorful boxes. The red box will
contain the tickets for the Nov. 16
pi rfonnanee; gold, Nov. 17; blue,
Nov. 18; and white, Nov. 19.
Red and white, blue and gold, the
traditional Big Game football colors,
will brighten Engineering Corner
today as Rams' Head begins the Big
Game Gaieties general ticket sale.
Tickets, which are selling for 75
cents, $1, or $1.25, will appear in
colorful boxes. The red box will
contain the tickets for the Nov. 16
pi rfonnanee; gold, Nov. 17; blue,
Nov. 18; and white, Nov. 19.
Red and white, blue and gold, the
traditional Big Game football colors,
will brighten Engineering Corner
today as Rams' Head begins the Big
Game Gaieties general ticket sale.
Tickets, which are selling for 75
cents, $1, or $1.25, will appear in
colorful boxes. The red box will
contain the tickets for the Nov. 16
pi rfonnanee; gold, Nov. 17; blue,
Nov. 18; and white, Nov. 19.
Red and white, blue and gold, the
traditional Big Game football colors,
will brighten Engineering Corner
today as Rams' Head begins the Big
Game Gaieties general ticket sale.
Tickets, which are selling for 75
cents, $1, or $1.25, will appear in
colorful boxes. The red box will
contain the tickets for the Nov. 16
pi rfonnanee; gold, Nov. 17; blue,
Nov. 18; and white, Nov. 19.
Red and white, blue and gold, the
traditional Big Game football colors,
will brighten Engineering Corner
today as Rams' Head begins the Big
Game Gaieties general ticket sale.
Tickets, which are selling for 75
cents, $1, or $1.25, will appear in
colorful boxes. The red box will
contain the tickets for the Nov. 16
pi rfonnanee; gold, Nov. 17; blue,
Nov. 18; and white, Nov. 19.
Red and white, blue and gold, the
traditional Big Game football colors,
will brighten Engineering Corner
today as Rams' Head begins the Big
Game Gaieties general ticket sale.
Tickets, which are selling for 75
cents, $1, or $1.25, will appear in
colorful boxes. The red box will
contain the tickets for the Nov. 16
pi rfonnanee; gold, Nov. 17; blue,
Nov. 18; and white, Nov. 19.
Red and white, blue and gold, the
traditional Big Game football colors,
will brighten Engineering Corner
today as Rams' Head begins the Big
Game Gaieties general ticket sale.
Tickets, which are selling for 75
cents, $1, or $1.25, will appear in
colorful boxes. The red box will
contain the tickets for the Nov. 16
pi rfonnanee; gold, Nov. 17; blue,
Nov. 18; and white, Nov. 19.
Red and white, blue and gold, the
traditional Big Game football colors,
will brighten Engineering Corner
today as Rams' Head begins the Big
Game Gaieties general ticket sale.
Tickets, which are selling for 75
cents, $1, or $1.25, will appear in
colorful boxes. The red box will
contain the tickets for the Nov. 16
pi rfonnanee; gold, Nov. 17; blue,
Nov. 18; and white, Nov. 19.
Red and white, blue and gold, the
traditional Big Game football colors,
will brighten Engineering Corner
today as Rams' Head begins the Big
Game Gaieties general ticket sale.
Tickets, which are selling for 75
cents, $1, or $1.25, will appear in
colorful boxes. The red box will
contain the tickets for the Nov. 16
pi rfonnanee; gold, Nov. 17; blue,
Nov. 18; and white, Nov. 19.
Red and white, blue and gold, the
traditional Big Game football colors,
will brighten Engineering Corner
today as Rams' Head begins the Big
Game Gaieties general ticket sale.
Tickets, which are selling for 75
cents, $1, or $1.25, will appear in
colorful boxes. The red box will
contain the tickets for the Nov. 16
pi rfonnanee; gold, Nov. 17; blue,
Nov. 18; and white, Nov. 19.
Red and white, blue and gold, the
traditional Big Game football colors,
will brighten Engineering Corner
today as Rams' Head begins the Big
Game Gaieties general ticket sale.
Tickets, which are selling for 75
cents, $1, or $1.25, will appear in
colorful boxes. The red box will
contain the tickets for the Nov. 16
pi rfonnanee; gold, Nov. 17; blue,
Nov. 18; and white, Nov. 19.
