# Mothers' Club Tea Slated Tomorrow
## 
### 
Stanford Mothers' Club's annual
Chrysanthemum Tea will be tomor
row afternoon from 2 to 4:30 at the
Stanford Museum. Proceeds will be
used to maintain the two campus
rest homes.
Entertainment, will include the
Stanford Chorale under the direc
tion of Harold C. Schmidt, and
harpist Marjorie Trammel will play.
Tickets are $1.50 and may be re
served with Mrs. Anthony Kriebel,
DA 2-C489; Mrs. T. O. Dowdell, DA
3-4914; or Mrs. E. L. Tatum, DA
2-8182.
Stanford Mothers' Club's annual
Chrysanthemum Tea will be tomor
row afternoon from 2 to 4:30 at the
Stanford Museum. Proceeds will be
used to maintain the two campus
rest homes.
Entertainment, will include the
Stanford Chorale under the direc
tion of Harold C. Schmidt, and
harpist Marjorie Trammel will play.
Tickets are $1.50 and may be re
served with Mrs. Anthony Kriebel,
DA 2-C489; Mrs. T. O. Dowdell, DA
3-4914; or Mrs. E. L. Tatum, DA
2-8182.
Stanford Mothers' Club's annual
Chrysanthemum Tea will be tomor
row afternoon from 2 to 4:30 at the
Stanford Museum. Proceeds will be
used to maintain the two campus
rest homes.
Entertainment, will include the
Stanford Chorale under the direc
tion of Harold C. Schmidt, and
harpist Marjorie Trammel will play.
Tickets are $1.50 and may be re
served with Mrs. Anthony Kriebel,
DA 2-C489; Mrs. T. O. Dowdell, DA
3-4914; or Mrs. E. L. Tatum, DA
2-8182.
Stanford Mothers' Club's annual
Chrysanthemum Tea will be tomor
row afternoon from 2 to 4:30 at the
Stanford Museum. Proceeds will be
used to maintain the two campus
rest homes.
Entertainment, will include the
Stanford Chorale under the direc
tion of Harold C. Schmidt, and
harpist Marjorie Trammel will play.
Tickets are $1.50 and may be re
served with Mrs. Anthony Kriebel,
DA 2-C489; Mrs. T. O. Dowdell, DA
3-4914; or Mrs. E. L. Tatum, DA
2-8182.
Stanford Mothers' Club's annual
Chrysanthemum Tea will be tomor
row afternoon from 2 to 4:30 at the
Stanford Museum. Proceeds will be
used to maintain the two campus
rest homes.
Entertainment, will include the
Stanford Chorale under the direc
tion of Harold C. Schmidt, and
harpist Marjorie Trammel will play.
Tickets are $1.50 and may be re
served with Mrs. Anthony Kriebel,
DA 2-C489; Mrs. T. O. Dowdell, DA
3-4914; or Mrs. E. L. Tatum, DA
2-8182.
Stanford Mothers' Club's annual
Chrysanthemum Tea will be tomor
row afternoon from 2 to 4:30 at the
Stanford Museum. Proceeds will be
used to maintain the two campus
rest homes.
Entertainment, will include the
Stanford Chorale under the direc
tion of Harold C. Schmidt, and
harpist Marjorie Trammel will play.
Tickets are $1.50 and may be re
served with Mrs. Anthony Kriebel,
DA 2-C489; Mrs. T. O. Dowdell, DA
3-4914; or Mrs. E. L. Tatum, DA
2-8182.
Stanford Mothers' Club's annual
Chrysanthemum Tea will be tomor
row afternoon from 2 to 4:30 at the
Stanford Museum. Proceeds will be
used to maintain the two campus
rest homes.
Entertainment, will include the
Stanford Chorale under the direc
tion of Harold C. Schmidt, and
harpist Marjorie Trammel will play.
Tickets are $1.50 and may be re
served with Mrs. Anthony Kriebel,
DA 2-C489; Mrs. T. O. Dowdell, DA
3-4914; or Mrs. E. L. Tatum, DA
2-8182.
Stanford Mothers' Club's annual
Chrysanthemum Tea will be tomor
row afternoon from 2 to 4:30 at the
Stanford Museum. Proceeds will be
used to maintain the two campus
rest homes.
Entertainment, will include the
Stanford Chorale under the direc
tion of Harold C. Schmidt, and
harpist Marjorie Trammel will play.
Tickets are $1.50 and may be re
served with Mrs. Anthony Kriebel,
DA 2-C489; Mrs. T. O. Dowdell, DA
3-4914; or Mrs. E. L. Tatum, DA
2-8182.
Stanford Mothers' Club's annual
Chrysanthemum Tea will be tomor
row afternoon from 2 to 4:30 at the
Stanford Museum. Proceeds will be
used to maintain the two campus
rest homes.
Entertainment, will include the
Stanford Chorale under the direc
tion of Harold C. Schmidt, and
harpist Marjorie Trammel will play.
Tickets are $1.50 and may be re
served with Mrs. Anthony Kriebel,
DA 2-C489; Mrs. T. O. Dowdell, DA
3-4914; or Mrs. E. L. Tatum, DA
2-8182.
Stanford Mothers' Club's annual
Chrysanthemum Tea will be tomor
row afternoon from 2 to 4:30 at the
Stanford Museum. Proceeds will be
used to maintain the two campus
rest homes.
Entertainment, will include the
Stanford Chorale under the direc
tion of Harold C. Schmidt, and
harpist Marjorie Trammel will play.
Tickets are $1.50 and may be re
served with Mrs. Anthony Kriebel,
DA 2-C489; Mrs. T. O. Dowdell, DA
3-4914; or Mrs. E. L. Tatum, DA
2-8182.
Stanford Mothers' Club's annual
Chrysanthemum Tea will be tomor
row afternoon from 2 to 4:30 at the
Stanford Museum. Proceeds will be
used to maintain the two campus
rest homes.
Entertainment, will include the
Stanford Chorale under the direc
tion of Harold C. Schmidt, and
harpist Marjorie Trammel will play.
Tickets are $1.50 and may be re
served with Mrs. Anthony Kriebel,
DA 2-C489; Mrs. T. O. Dowdell, DA
3-4914; or Mrs. E. L. Tatum, DA
2-8182.
Stanford Mothers' Club's annual
Chrysanthemum Tea will be tomor
row afternoon from 2 to 4:30 at the
Stanford Museum. Proceeds will be
used to maintain the two campus
rest homes.
Entertainment, will include the
Stanford Chorale under the direc
tion of Harold C. Schmidt, and
harpist Marjorie Trammel will play.
Tickets are $1.50 and may be re
served with Mrs. Anthony Kriebel,
DA 2-C489; Mrs. T. O. Dowdell, DA
3-4914; or Mrs. E. L. Tatum, DA
2-8182.
Stanford Mothers' Club's annual
Chrysanthemum Tea will be tomor
row afternoon from 2 to 4:30 at the
Stanford Museum. Proceeds will be
used to maintain the two campus
rest homes.
Entertainment, will include the
Stanford Chorale under the direc
tion of Harold C. Schmidt, and
harpist Marjorie Trammel will play.
Tickets are $1.50 and may be re
served with Mrs. Anthony Kriebel,
DA 2-C489; Mrs. T. O. Dowdell, DA
3-4914; or Mrs. E. L. Tatum, DA
2-8182.
Stanford Mothers' Club's annual
Chrysanthemum Tea will be tomor
row afternoon from 2 to 4:30 at the
Stanford Museum. Proceeds will be
used to maintain the two campus
rest homes.
Entertainment, will include the
Stanford Chorale under the direc
tion of Harold C. Schmidt, and
harpist Marjorie Trammel will play.
Tickets are $1.50 and may be re
served with Mrs. Anthony Kriebel,
DA 2-C489; Mrs. T. O. Dowdell, DA
3-4914; or Mrs. E. L. Tatum, DA
2-8182.
