# Drowning
## 
### 
Steve Etchells, a non-student,
drowned in Lake Lagunita
Saturday afternoon while
swimming.
According to police, Etchells,
19, a Sunnyvale resident, was
swimming in the lake near the
fraternities about 2 p.m. when he
tired and panicked. A friend from
Palo Alto High tried to grab him
but couldn't, and then went for
help which arrived too late.
Etchells body was found two
hours later after a search.
According to reports, neither
Etchells or his friend were very
good swimmers.
Also this weekend, Stanford's
longest-lived heart transplant,
Robert McK.ee, died at 52. He
received his new heart in August
1968, and was the world's
second-longest-lived recepient.
