# To Study at Wood's Holl.
## 
### 
P. K. Gilman, '01, will leave the
University about June Ist to spend
his vacation in eastern travel and
study. From here he will go to
several of the larger medical col
leges and will spend a short time
visiting them. He will be for the
greater part of the summer, how
ever,at Wood's Holl, Massachusetts,
studying special physiology under
Dr. Loeb of Chicago, who is head
of the physiology department. He
will return to the University in
time to take up his work next se
mester.
P. K. Gilman, '01, will leave the
University about June Ist to spend
his vacation in eastern travel and
study. From here he will go to
several of the larger medical col
leges and will spend a short time
visiting them. He will be for the
greater part of the summer, how
ever,at Wood's Holl, Massachusetts,
studying special physiology under
Dr. Loeb of Chicago, who is head
of the physiology department. He
will return to the University in
time to take up his work next se
mester.
P. K. Gilman, '01, will leave the
University about June Ist to spend
his vacation in eastern travel and
study. From here he will go to
several of the larger medical col
leges and will spend a short time
visiting them. He will be for the
greater part of the summer, how
ever,at Wood's Holl, Massachusetts,
studying special physiology under
Dr. Loeb of Chicago, who is head
of the physiology department. He
will return to the University in
time to take up his work next se
mester.
P. K. Gilman, '01, will leave the
University about June Ist to spend
his vacation in eastern travel and
study. From here he will go to
several of the larger medical col
leges and will spend a short time
visiting them. He will be for the
greater part of the summer, how
ever,at Wood's Holl, Massachusetts,
studying special physiology under
Dr. Loeb of Chicago, who is head
of the physiology department. He
will return to the University in
time to take up his work next se
mester.
P. K. Gilman, '01, will leave the
University about June Ist to spend
his vacation in eastern travel and
study. From here he will go to
several of the larger medical col
leges and will spend a short time
visiting them. He will be for the
greater part of the summer, how
ever,at Wood's Holl, Massachusetts,
studying special physiology under
Dr. Loeb of Chicago, who is head
of the physiology department. He
will return to the University in
time to take up his work next se
mester.
P. K. Gilman, '01, will leave the
University about June Ist to spend
his vacation in eastern travel and
study. From here he will go to
several of the larger medical col
leges and will spend a short time
visiting them. He will be for the
greater part of the summer, how
ever,at Wood's Holl, Massachusetts,
studying special physiology under
Dr. Loeb of Chicago, who is head
of the physiology department. He
will return to the University in
time to take up his work next se
mester.
P. K. Gilman, '01, will leave the
University about June Ist to spend
his vacation in eastern travel and
study. From here he will go to
several of the larger medical col
leges and will spend a short time
visiting them. He will be for the
greater part of the summer, how
ever,at Wood's Holl, Massachusetts,
studying special physiology under
Dr. Loeb of Chicago, who is head
of the physiology department. He
will return to the University in
time to take up his work next se
mester.
