# Senior Meeting Postponed.
## 
### 
lhe meeting of the Senior Class
announced for to-day in the chapel
has been postponed until next week,
the exact date not having been de
termined. The meeting was called
for the purpose of awarding
sweaters to the class tennis team,
but so small a number were present
that it was thought best to defer
action until a larger meeting could
be secured.
lhe meeting of the Senior Class
announced for to-day in the chapel
has been postponed until next week,
the exact date not having been de
termined. The meeting was called
for the purpose of awarding
sweaters to the class tennis team,
but so small a number were present
that it was thought best to defer
action until a larger meeting could
be secured.
lhe meeting of the Senior Class
announced for to-day in the chapel
has been postponed until next week,
the exact date not having been de
termined. The meeting was called
for the purpose of awarding
sweaters to the class tennis team,
but so small a number were present
that it was thought best to defer
action until a larger meeting could
be secured.
lhe meeting of the Senior Class
announced for to-day in the chapel
has been postponed until next week,
the exact date not having been de
termined. The meeting was called
for the purpose of awarding
sweaters to the class tennis team,
but so small a number were present
that it was thought best to defer
action until a larger meeting could
be secured.
lhe meeting of the Senior Class
announced for to-day in the chapel
has been postponed until next week,
the exact date not having been de
termined. The meeting was called
for the purpose of awarding
sweaters to the class tennis team,
but so small a number were present
that it was thought best to defer
action until a larger meeting could
be secured.
lhe meeting of the Senior Class
announced for to-day in the chapel
has been postponed until next week,
the exact date not having been de
termined. The meeting was called
for the purpose of awarding
sweaters to the class tennis team,
but so small a number were present
that it was thought best to defer
action until a larger meeting could
be secured.
lhe meeting of the Senior Class
announced for to-day in the chapel
has been postponed until next week,
the exact date not having been de
termined. The meeting was called
for the purpose of awarding
sweaters to the class tennis team,
but so small a number were present
that it was thought best to defer
action until a larger meeting could
be secured.
lhe meeting of the Senior Class
announced for to-day in the chapel
has been postponed until next week,
the exact date not having been de
termined. The meeting was called
for the purpose of awarding
sweaters to the class tennis team,
but so small a number were present
that it was thought best to defer
action until a larger meeting could
be secured.
lhe meeting of the Senior Class
announced for to-day in the chapel
has been postponed until next week,
the exact date not having been de
termined. The meeting was called
for the purpose of awarding
sweaters to the class tennis team,
but so small a number were present
that it was thought best to defer
action until a larger meeting could
be secured.
