# HOMES FOR STUDENTS â€”AT CHICAGO
## 
### 

WHILE THE LI'C INDIAN is still in search of a wigwam, palefaces at other universities are more suc
cessful in their search. Shown above are some of the lire-fabricated homes set up on the University of
Chicago campus. More than a hundred married vets and their families will take over the two- and three
room suites.

WHILE THE LI'C INDIAN is still in search of a wigwam, palefaces at other universities are more suc
cessful in their search. Shown above are some of the lire-fabricated homes set up on the University of
Chicago campus. More than a hundred married vets and their families will take over the two- and three
room suites.

WHILE THE LI'C INDIAN is still in search of a wigwam, palefaces at other universities are more suc
cessful in their search. Shown above are some of the lire-fabricated homes set up on the University of
Chicago campus. More than a hundred married vets and their families will take over the two- and three
room suites.

WHILE THE LI'C INDIAN is still in search of a wigwam, palefaces at other universities are more suc
cessful in their search. Shown above are some of the lire-fabricated homes set up on the University of
Chicago campus. More than a hundred married vets and their families will take over the two- and three
room suites.

WHILE THE LI'C INDIAN is still in search of a wigwam, palefaces at other universities are more suc
cessful in their search. Shown above are some of the lire-fabricated homes set up on the University of
Chicago campus. More than a hundred married vets and their families will take over the two- and three
room suites.

WHILE THE LI'C INDIAN is still in search of a wigwam, palefaces at other universities are more suc
cessful in their search. Shown above are some of the lire-fabricated homes set up on the University of
Chicago campus. More than a hundred married vets and their families will take over the two- and three
room suites.

WHILE THE LI'C INDIAN is still in search of a wigwam, palefaces at other universities are more suc
cessful in their search. Shown above are some of the lire-fabricated homes set up on the University of
Chicago campus. More than a hundred married vets and their families will take over the two- and three
room suites.

WHILE THE LI'C INDIAN is still in search of a wigwam, palefaces at other universities are more suc
cessful in their search. Shown above are some of the lire-fabricated homes set up on the University of
Chicago campus. More than a hundred married vets and their families will take over the two- and three
room suites.

WHILE THE LI'C INDIAN is still in search of a wigwam, palefaces at other universities are more suc
cessful in their search. Shown above are some of the lire-fabricated homes set up on the University of
Chicago campus. More than a hundred married vets and their families will take over the two- and three
room suites.

WHILE THE LI'C INDIAN is still in search of a wigwam, palefaces at other universities are more suc
cessful in their search. Shown above are some of the lire-fabricated homes set up on the University of
Chicago campus. More than a hundred married vets and their families will take over the two- and three
room suites.

WHILE THE LI'C INDIAN is still in search of a wigwam, palefaces at other universities are more suc
cessful in their search. Shown above are some of the lire-fabricated homes set up on the University of
Chicago campus. More than a hundred married vets and their families will take over the two- and three
room suites.

WHILE THE LI'C INDIAN is still in search of a wigwam, palefaces at other universities are more suc
cessful in their search. Shown above are some of the lire-fabricated homes set up on the University of
Chicago campus. More than a hundred married vets and their families will take over the two- and three
room suites.

WHILE THE LI'C INDIAN is still in search of a wigwam, palefaces at other universities are more suc
cessful in their search. Shown above are some of the lire-fabricated homes set up on the University of
Chicago campus. More than a hundred married vets and their families will take over the two- and three
room suites.

WHILE THE LI'C INDIAN is still in search of a wigwam, palefaces at other universities are more suc
cessful in their search. Shown above are some of the lire-fabricated homes set up on the University of
Chicago campus. More than a hundred married vets and their families will take over the two- and three
room suites.

WHILE THE LI'C INDIAN is still in search of a wigwam, palefaces at other universities are more suc
cessful in their search. Shown above are some of the lire-fabricated homes set up on the University of
Chicago campus. More than a hundred married vets and their families will take over the two- and three
room suites.
