# Farm Scientists Will Meet Friday
## 
### 
Faculty members and graduate
students in all science and engi
neering departments are invited to
attend the first general meeting of
the Stanford chapter of the North
ern California Association of Scien
tists, scheduled for 4:30 p.m. Friday
in room 7 of the Education Build
ing.
The use of atomic energy for mil
itary purposes has greatly expanded
the role of the scientist in world
affairs. To form an organization to
serve as a medium for science's new
role, the Federation of American
Scientists was organized last No
vember.
Its member organization in this
area is the Northern California As
sociation of Scientists. Chapters at
University of California and other
colleges in this area have become
increasingly active but the Stanford
organization is just getting under
way.
Faculty members and graduate
students in all science and engi
neering departments are invited to
attend the first general meeting of
the Stanford chapter of the North
ern California Association of Scien
tists, scheduled for 4:30 p.m. Friday
in room 7 of the Education Build
ing.
The use of atomic energy for mil
itary purposes has greatly expanded
the role of the scientist in world
affairs. To form an organization to
serve as a medium for science's new
role, the Federation of American
Scientists was organized last No
vember.
Its member organization in this
area is the Northern California As
sociation of Scientists. Chapters at
University of California and other
colleges in this area have become
increasingly active but the Stanford
organization is just getting under
way.
Faculty members and graduate
students in all science and engi
neering departments are invited to
attend the first general meeting of
the Stanford chapter of the North
ern California Association of Scien
tists, scheduled for 4:30 p.m. Friday
in room 7 of the Education Build
ing.
The use of atomic energy for mil
itary purposes has greatly expanded
the role of the scientist in world
affairs. To form an organization to
serve as a medium for science's new
role, the Federation of American
Scientists was organized last No
vember.
Its member organization in this
area is the Northern California As
sociation of Scientists. Chapters at
University of California and other
colleges in this area have become
increasingly active but the Stanford
organization is just getting under
way.
Faculty members and graduate
students in all science and engi
neering departments are invited to
attend the first general meeting of
the Stanford chapter of the North
ern California Association of Scien
tists, scheduled for 4:30 p.m. Friday
in room 7 of the Education Build
ing.
The use of atomic energy for mil
itary purposes has greatly expanded
the role of the scientist in world
affairs. To form an organization to
serve as a medium for science's new
role, the Federation of American
Scientists was organized last No
vember.
Its member organization in this
area is the Northern California As
sociation of Scientists. Chapters at
University of California and other
colleges in this area have become
increasingly active but the Stanford
organization is just getting under
way.
Faculty members and graduate
students in all science and engi
neering departments are invited to
attend the first general meeting of
the Stanford chapter of the North
ern California Association of Scien
tists, scheduled for 4:30 p.m. Friday
in room 7 of the Education Build
ing.
The use of atomic energy for mil
itary purposes has greatly expanded
the role of the scientist in world
affairs. To form an organization to
serve as a medium for science's new
role, the Federation of American
Scientists was organized last No
vember.
Its member organization in this
area is the Northern California As
sociation of Scientists. Chapters at
University of California and other
colleges in this area have become
increasingly active but the Stanford
organization is just getting under
way.
Faculty members and graduate
students in all science and engi
neering departments are invited to
attend the first general meeting of
the Stanford chapter of the North
ern California Association of Scien
tists, scheduled for 4:30 p.m. Friday
in room 7 of the Education Build
ing.
The use of atomic energy for mil
itary purposes has greatly expanded
the role of the scientist in world
affairs. To form an organization to
serve as a medium for science's new
role, the Federation of American
Scientists was organized last No
vember.
Its member organization in this
area is the Northern California As
sociation of Scientists. Chapters at
University of California and other
colleges in this area have become
increasingly active but the Stanford
organization is just getting under
way.
Faculty members and graduate
students in all science and engi
neering departments are invited to
attend the first general meeting of
the Stanford chapter of the North
ern California Association of Scien
tists, scheduled for 4:30 p.m. Friday
in room 7 of the Education Build
ing.
The use of atomic energy for mil
itary purposes has greatly expanded
the role of the scientist in world
affairs. To form an organization to
serve as a medium for science's new
role, the Federation of American
Scientists was organized last No
vember.
Its member organization in this
area is the Northern California As
sociation of Scientists. Chapters at
University of California and other
colleges in this area have become
increasingly active but the Stanford
organization is just getting under
way.
Faculty members and graduate
students in all science and engi
neering departments are invited to
attend the first general meeting of
the Stanford chapter of the North
ern California Association of Scien
tists, scheduled for 4:30 p.m. Friday
in room 7 of the Education Build
ing.
The use of atomic energy for mil
itary purposes has greatly expanded
the role of the scientist in world
affairs. To form an organization to
serve as a medium for science's new
role, the Federation of American
Scientists was organized last No
vember.
Its member organization in this
area is the Northern California As
sociation of Scientists. Chapters at
University of California and other
colleges in this area have become
increasingly active but the Stanford
organization is just getting under
way.
Faculty members and graduate
students in all science and engi
neering departments are invited to
attend the first general meeting of
the Stanford chapter of the North
ern California Association of Scien
tists, scheduled for 4:30 p.m. Friday
in room 7 of the Education Build
ing.
The use of atomic energy for mil
itary purposes has greatly expanded
the role of the scientist in world
affairs. To form an organization to
serve as a medium for science's new
role, the Federation of American
Scientists was organized last No
vember.
Its member organization in this
area is the Northern California As
sociation of Scientists. Chapters at
University of California and other
colleges in this area have become
increasingly active but the Stanford
organization is just getting under
way.
Faculty members and graduate
students in all science and engi
neering departments are invited to
attend the first general meeting of
the Stanford chapter of the North
ern California Association of Scien
tists, scheduled for 4:30 p.m. Friday
in room 7 of the Education Build
ing.
The use of atomic energy for mil
itary purposes has greatly expanded
the role of the scientist in world
affairs. To form an organization to
serve as a medium for science's new
role, the Federation of American
Scientists was organized last No
vember.
Its member organization in this
area is the Northern California As
sociation of Scientists. Chapters at
University of California and other
colleges in this area have become
increasingly active but the Stanford
organization is just getting under
way.
Faculty members and graduate
students in all science and engi
neering departments are invited to
attend the first general meeting of
the Stanford chapter of the North
ern California Association of Scien
tists, scheduled for 4:30 p.m. Friday
in room 7 of the Education Build
ing.
The use of atomic energy for mil
itary purposes has greatly expanded
the role of the scientist in world
affairs. To form an organization to
serve as a medium for science's new
role, the Federation of American
Scientists was organized last No
vember.
Its member organization in this
area is the Northern California As
sociation of Scientists. Chapters at
University of California and other
colleges in this area have become
increasingly active but the Stanford
organization is just getting under
way.
Faculty members and graduate
students in all science and engi
neering departments are invited to
attend the first general meeting of
the Stanford chapter of the North
ern California Association of Scien
tists, scheduled for 4:30 p.m. Friday
in room 7 of the Education Build
ing.
The use of atomic energy for mil
itary purposes has greatly expanded
the role of the scientist in world
affairs. To form an organization to
serve as a medium for science's new
role, the Federation of American
Scientists was organized last No
vember.
Its member organization in this
area is the Northern California As
sociation of Scientists. Chapters at
University of California and other
colleges in this area have become
increasingly active but the Stanford
organization is just getting under
way.
Faculty members and graduate
students in all science and engi
neering departments are invited to
attend the first general meeting of
the Stanford chapter of the North
ern California Association of Scien
tists, scheduled for 4:30 p.m. Friday
in room 7 of the Education Build
ing.
The use of atomic energy for mil
itary purposes has greatly expanded
the role of the scientist in world
affairs. To form an organization to
serve as a medium for science's new
role, the Federation of American
Scientists was organized last No
vember.
Its member organization in this
area is the Northern California As
sociation of Scientists. Chapters at
University of California and other
colleges in this area have become
increasingly active but the Stanford
organization is just getting under
way.
Faculty members and graduate
students in all science and engi
neering departments are invited to
attend the first general meeting of
the Stanford chapter of the North
ern California Association of Scien
tists, scheduled for 4:30 p.m. Friday
in room 7 of the Education Build
ing.
The use of atomic energy for mil
itary purposes has greatly expanded
the role of the scientist in world
affairs. To form an organization to
serve as a medium for science's new
role, the Federation of American
Scientists was organized last No
vember.
Its member organization in this
area is the Northern California As
sociation of Scientists. Chapters at
University of California and other
colleges in this area have become
increasingly active but the Stanford
organization is just getting under
way.
Faculty members and graduate
students in all science and engi
neering departments are invited to
attend the first general meeting of
the Stanford chapter of the North
ern California Association of Scien
tists, scheduled for 4:30 p.m. Friday
in room 7 of the Education Build
ing.
The use of atomic energy for mil
itary purposes has greatly expanded
the role of the scientist in world
affairs. To form an organization to
serve as a medium for science's new
role, the Federation of American
Scientists was organized last No
vember.
Its member organization in this
area is the Northern California As
sociation of Scientists. Chapters at
University of California and other
colleges in this area have become
increasingly active but the Stanford
organization is just getting under
way.
