# Geologists to Hear Talk on Volcano
## 
### 
Konrad Krauskopf, associate pro- !
fessor of geology, will speak tonight
at 7:30 to the Geological and Min- j
ing Society meeting in room 550 on |
"The Recent Mexican Volcano 'Pa
ricutin'."
For the last four months Mr. I
Krauskopf has been in Mexico ob- !
serving the activity of this volcano, '
which has been active for four years 1
now. It is of interest to geologists
mainly because it is one of the few i
volcanoes that scientists have been j
able to watch since its start.
Guests are invited to attend the
meeting. I
Konrad Krauskopf, associate pro- !
fessor of geology, will speak tonight
at 7:30 to the Geological and Min- j
ing Society meeting in room 550 on |
"The Recent Mexican Volcano 'Pa
ricutin'."
For the last four months Mr. I
Krauskopf has been in Mexico ob- !
serving the activity of this volcano, '
which has been active for four years 1
now. It is of interest to geologists
mainly because it is one of the few i
volcanoes that scientists have been j
able to watch since its start.
Guests are invited to attend the
meeting. I
Konrad Krauskopf, associate pro- !
fessor of geology, will speak tonight
at 7:30 to the Geological and Min- j
ing Society meeting in room 550 on |
"The Recent Mexican Volcano 'Pa
ricutin'."
For the last four months Mr. I
Krauskopf has been in Mexico ob- !
serving the activity of this volcano, '
which has been active for four years 1
now. It is of interest to geologists
mainly because it is one of the few i
volcanoes that scientists have been j
able to watch since its start.
Guests are invited to attend the
meeting. I
Konrad Krauskopf, associate pro- !
fessor of geology, will speak tonight
at 7:30 to the Geological and Min- j
ing Society meeting in room 550 on |
"The Recent Mexican Volcano 'Pa
ricutin'."
For the last four months Mr. I
Krauskopf has been in Mexico ob- !
serving the activity of this volcano, '
which has been active for four years 1
now. It is of interest to geologists
mainly because it is one of the few i
volcanoes that scientists have been j
able to watch since its start.
Guests are invited to attend the
meeting. I
Konrad Krauskopf, associate pro- !
fessor of geology, will speak tonight
at 7:30 to the Geological and Min- j
ing Society meeting in room 550 on |
"The Recent Mexican Volcano 'Pa
ricutin'."
For the last four months Mr. I
Krauskopf has been in Mexico ob- !
serving the activity of this volcano, '
which has been active for four years 1
now. It is of interest to geologists
mainly because it is one of the few i
volcanoes that scientists have been j
able to watch since its start.
Guests are invited to attend the
meeting. I
Konrad Krauskopf, associate pro- !
fessor of geology, will speak tonight
at 7:30 to the Geological and Min- j
ing Society meeting in room 550 on |
"The Recent Mexican Volcano 'Pa
ricutin'."
For the last four months Mr. I
Krauskopf has been in Mexico ob- !
serving the activity of this volcano, '
which has been active for four years 1
now. It is of interest to geologists
mainly because it is one of the few i
volcanoes that scientists have been j
able to watch since its start.
Guests are invited to attend the
meeting. I
Konrad Krauskopf, associate pro- !
fessor of geology, will speak tonight
at 7:30 to the Geological and Min- j
ing Society meeting in room 550 on |
"The Recent Mexican Volcano 'Pa
ricutin'."
For the last four months Mr. I
Krauskopf has been in Mexico ob- !
serving the activity of this volcano, '
which has been active for four years 1
now. It is of interest to geologists
mainly because it is one of the few i
volcanoes that scientists have been j
able to watch since its start.
Guests are invited to attend the
meeting. I
Konrad Krauskopf, associate pro- !
fessor of geology, will speak tonight
at 7:30 to the Geological and Min- j
ing Society meeting in room 550 on |
"The Recent Mexican Volcano 'Pa
ricutin'."
For the last four months Mr. I
Krauskopf has been in Mexico ob- !
serving the activity of this volcano, '
which has been active for four years 1
now. It is of interest to geologists
mainly because it is one of the few i
volcanoes that scientists have been j
able to watch since its start.
Guests are invited to attend the
meeting. I
Konrad Krauskopf, associate pro- !
fessor of geology, will speak tonight
at 7:30 to the Geological and Min- j
ing Society meeting in room 550 on |
"The Recent Mexican Volcano 'Pa
ricutin'."
For the last four months Mr. I
Krauskopf has been in Mexico ob- !
serving the activity of this volcano, '
which has been active for four years 1
now. It is of interest to geologists
mainly because it is one of the few i
volcanoes that scientists have been j
able to watch since its start.
Guests are invited to attend the
meeting. I
Konrad Krauskopf, associate pro- !
fessor of geology, will speak tonight
at 7:30 to the Geological and Min- j
ing Society meeting in room 550 on |
"The Recent Mexican Volcano 'Pa
ricutin'."
For the last four months Mr. I
Krauskopf has been in Mexico ob- !
serving the activity of this volcano, '
which has been active for four years 1
now. It is of interest to geologists
mainly because it is one of the few i
volcanoes that scientists have been j
able to watch since its start.
Guests are invited to attend the
meeting. I
Konrad Krauskopf, associate pro- !
fessor of geology, will speak tonight
at 7:30 to the Geological and Min- j
ing Society meeting in room 550 on |
"The Recent Mexican Volcano 'Pa
ricutin'."
For the last four months Mr. I
Krauskopf has been in Mexico ob- !
serving the activity of this volcano, '
which has been active for four years 1
now. It is of interest to geologists
mainly because it is one of the few i
volcanoes that scientists have been j
able to watch since its start.
Guests are invited to attend the
meeting. I
Konrad Krauskopf, associate pro- !
fessor of geology, will speak tonight
at 7:30 to the Geological and Min- j
ing Society meeting in room 550 on |
"The Recent Mexican Volcano 'Pa
ricutin'."
For the last four months Mr. I
Krauskopf has been in Mexico ob- !
serving the activity of this volcano, '
which has been active for four years 1
now. It is of interest to geologists
mainly because it is one of the few i
volcanoes that scientists have been j
able to watch since its start.
Guests are invited to attend the
meeting. I
Konrad Krauskopf, associate pro- !
fessor of geology, will speak tonight
at 7:30 to the Geological and Min- j
ing Society meeting in room 550 on |
"The Recent Mexican Volcano 'Pa
ricutin'."
For the last four months Mr. I
Krauskopf has been in Mexico ob- !
serving the activity of this volcano, '
which has been active for four years 1
now. It is of interest to geologists
mainly because it is one of the few i
volcanoes that scientists have been j
able to watch since its start.
Guests are invited to attend the
meeting. I
Konrad Krauskopf, associate pro- !
fessor of geology, will speak tonight
at 7:30 to the Geological and Min- j
ing Society meeting in room 550 on |
"The Recent Mexican Volcano 'Pa
ricutin'."
For the last four months Mr. I
Krauskopf has been in Mexico ob- !
serving the activity of this volcano, '
which has been active for four years 1
now. It is of interest to geologists
mainly because it is one of the few i
volcanoes that scientists have been j
able to watch since its start.
Guests are invited to attend the
meeting. I
Konrad Krauskopf, associate pro- !
fessor of geology, will speak tonight
at 7:30 to the Geological and Min- j
ing Society meeting in room 550 on |
"The Recent Mexican Volcano 'Pa
ricutin'."
For the last four months Mr. I
Krauskopf has been in Mexico ob- !
serving the activity of this volcano, '
which has been active for four years 1
now. It is of interest to geologists
mainly because it is one of the few i
volcanoes that scientists have been j
able to watch since its start.
Guests are invited to attend the
meeting. I
