# HONOR SOCIETY DECRIES CHEATING.
## 
### 
Skull and Snakes has placed
itsi 11' oil record as being in
favor of the anti-ehcating
movement inaagu rated by the
Senior class. The upperclass
organization passed a resolu
tion al ifs Tuesday night meet
iif W deel iring '-the Skull and
Snakes society (•> be heartily
i:s accord with the action taken
by the Senior class." The sup
port of its members w is prom
ised for the movement towards
the extension of the honor sys
tem to nil departments of the
Cniversity.
Skull and Snakes has placed
itsi 11' oil record as being in
favor of the anti-ehcating
movement inaagu rated by the
Senior class. The upperclass
organization passed a resolu
tion al ifs Tuesday night meet
iif W deel iring '-the Skull and
Snakes society (•> be heartily
i:s accord with the action taken
by the Senior class." The sup
port of its members w is prom
ised for the movement towards
the extension of the honor sys
tem to nil departments of the
Cniversity.
Skull and Snakes has placed
itsi 11' oil record as being in
favor of the anti-ehcating
movement inaagu rated by the
Senior class. The upperclass
organization passed a resolu
tion al ifs Tuesday night meet
iif W deel iring '-the Skull and
Snakes society (•> be heartily
i:s accord with the action taken
by the Senior class." The sup
port of its members w is prom
ised for the movement towards
the extension of the honor sys
tem to nil departments of the
Cniversity.
Skull and Snakes has placed
itsi 11' oil record as being in
favor of the anti-ehcating
movement inaagu rated by the
Senior class. The upperclass
organization passed a resolu
tion al ifs Tuesday night meet
iif W deel iring '-the Skull and
Snakes society (•> be heartily
i:s accord with the action taken
by the Senior class." The sup
port of its members w is prom
ised for the movement towards
the extension of the honor sys
tem to nil departments of the
Cniversity.
Skull and Snakes has placed
itsi 11' oil record as being in
favor of the anti-ehcating
movement inaagu rated by the
Senior class. The upperclass
organization passed a resolu
tion al ifs Tuesday night meet
iif W deel iring '-the Skull and
Snakes society (•> be heartily
i:s accord with the action taken
by the Senior class." The sup
port of its members w is prom
ised for the movement towards
the extension of the honor sys
tem to nil departments of the
Cniversity.
Skull and Snakes has placed
itsi 11' oil record as being in
favor of the anti-ehcating
movement inaagu rated by the
Senior class. The upperclass
organization passed a resolu
tion al ifs Tuesday night meet
iif W deel iring '-the Skull and
Snakes society (•> be heartily
i:s accord with the action taken
by the Senior class." The sup
port of its members w is prom
ised for the movement towards
the extension of the honor sys
tem to nil departments of the
Cniversity.
Skull and Snakes has placed
itsi 11' oil record as being in
favor of the anti-ehcating
movement inaagu rated by the
Senior class. The upperclass
organization passed a resolu
tion al ifs Tuesday night meet
iif W deel iring '-the Skull and
Snakes society (•> be heartily
i:s accord with the action taken
by the Senior class." The sup
port of its members w is prom
ised for the movement towards
the extension of the honor sys
tem to nil departments of the
Cniversity.
Skull and Snakes has placed
itsi 11' oil record as being in
favor of the anti-ehcating
movement inaagu rated by the
Senior class. The upperclass
organization passed a resolu
tion al ifs Tuesday night meet
iif W deel iring '-the Skull and
Snakes society (•> be heartily
i:s accord with the action taken
by the Senior class." The sup
port of its members w is prom
ised for the movement towards
the extension of the honor sys
tem to nil departments of the
Cniversity.
Skull and Snakes has placed
itsi 11' oil record as being in
favor of the anti-ehcating
movement inaagu rated by the
Senior class. The upperclass
organization passed a resolu
tion al ifs Tuesday night meet
iif W deel iring '-the Skull and
Snakes society (•> be heartily
i:s accord with the action taken
by the Senior class." The sup
port of its members w is prom
ised for the movement towards
the extension of the honor sys
tem to nil departments of the
Cniversity.
Skull and Snakes has placed
itsi 11' oil record as being in
favor of the anti-ehcating
movement inaagu rated by the
Senior class. The upperclass
organization passed a resolu
tion al ifs Tuesday night meet
iif W deel iring '-the Skull and
Snakes society (•> be heartily
i:s accord with the action taken
by the Senior class." The sup
port of its members w is prom
ised for the movement towards
the extension of the honor sys
tem to nil departments of the
Cniversity.
Skull and Snakes has placed
itsi 11' oil record as being in
favor of the anti-ehcating
movement inaagu rated by the
Senior class. The upperclass
organization passed a resolu
tion al ifs Tuesday night meet
iif W deel iring '-the Skull and
Snakes society (•> be heartily
i:s accord with the action taken
by the Senior class." The sup
port of its members w is prom
ised for the movement towards
the extension of the honor sys
tem to nil departments of the
Cniversity.
Skull and Snakes has placed
itsi 11' oil record as being in
favor of the anti-ehcating
movement inaagu rated by the
Senior class. The upperclass
organization passed a resolu
tion al ifs Tuesday night meet
iif W deel iring '-the Skull and
Snakes society (•> be heartily
i:s accord with the action taken
by the Senior class." The sup
port of its members w is prom
ised for the movement towards
the extension of the honor sys
tem to nil departments of the
Cniversity.
Skull and Snakes has placed
itsi 11' oil record as being in
favor of the anti-ehcating
movement inaagu rated by the
Senior class. The upperclass
organization passed a resolu
tion al ifs Tuesday night meet
iif W deel iring '-the Skull and
Snakes society (•> be heartily
i:s accord with the action taken
by the Senior class." The sup
port of its members w is prom
ised for the movement towards
the extension of the honor sys
tem to nil departments of the
Cniversity.
