# Rev. W.C. Evans to Preach Sunday
## 
### 
The sermon at the morning service
Sunday, February 2. r >, ;it II o'clock
in the University Chapel, will be
prenched by the Rev. W. C. Evans,
Superintendent of the San Francisco
district of the California Methodist
Conference.
The sermon at the morning service
Sunday, February 2. r >, ;it II o'clock
in the University Chapel, will be
prenched by the Rev. W. C. Evans,
Superintendent of the San Francisco
district of the California Methodist
Conference.
The sermon at the morning service
Sunday, February 2. r >, ;it II o'clock
in the University Chapel, will be
prenched by the Rev. W. C. Evans,
Superintendent of the San Francisco
district of the California Methodist
Conference.
The sermon at the morning service
Sunday, February 2. r >, ;it II o'clock
in the University Chapel, will be
prenched by the Rev. W. C. Evans,
Superintendent of the San Francisco
district of the California Methodist
Conference.
The sermon at the morning service
Sunday, February 2. r >, ;it II o'clock
in the University Chapel, will be
prenched by the Rev. W. C. Evans,
Superintendent of the San Francisco
district of the California Methodist
Conference.
The sermon at the morning service
Sunday, February 2. r >, ;it II o'clock
in the University Chapel, will be
prenched by the Rev. W. C. Evans,
Superintendent of the San Francisco
district of the California Methodist
Conference.
The sermon at the morning service
Sunday, February 2. r >, ;it II o'clock
in the University Chapel, will be
prenched by the Rev. W. C. Evans,
Superintendent of the San Francisco
district of the California Methodist
Conference.
The sermon at the morning service
Sunday, February 2. r >, ;it II o'clock
in the University Chapel, will be
prenched by the Rev. W. C. Evans,
Superintendent of the San Francisco
district of the California Methodist
Conference.
The sermon at the morning service
Sunday, February 2. r >, ;it II o'clock
in the University Chapel, will be
prenched by the Rev. W. C. Evans,
Superintendent of the San Francisco
district of the California Methodist
Conference.
The sermon at the morning service
Sunday, February 2. r >, ;it II o'clock
in the University Chapel, will be
prenched by the Rev. W. C. Evans,
Superintendent of the San Francisco
district of the California Methodist
Conference.
The sermon at the morning service
Sunday, February 2. r >, ;it II o'clock
in the University Chapel, will be
prenched by the Rev. W. C. Evans,
Superintendent of the San Francisco
district of the California Methodist
Conference.
The sermon at the morning service
Sunday, February 2. r >, ;it II o'clock
in the University Chapel, will be
prenched by the Rev. W. C. Evans,
Superintendent of the San Francisco
district of the California Methodist
Conference.
The sermon at the morning service
Sunday, February 2. r >, ;it II o'clock
in the University Chapel, will be
prenched by the Rev. W. C. Evans,
Superintendent of the San Francisco
district of the California Methodist
Conference.
