# Math Student Convicted Of Code Violation
## 
### 
Men's Council yesterday recom
mended that a man student be
suspended from school for two
quarters after convicting him of
what Gib Holloway, council
chairman, termed a "clear-cut"
violation of the Honor Code.
Holloway explained that the
student had been given a mathe
matics examination to be done
outside of class and had received
aid in working the problems. An
other student from the same class
was questioned by the council
and found innocent.
Six parking violators and Ihree
speeders were given fines at yes
terday's meeting. Among these
was a student who side-swiped a
car in front of the Physics Cor
ner and continued on without
stopping. Men's Council decreed
that he must give up his car for
two months and pay a heavy fine.
