# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Frosh baseballers will at
tempt a comeback after their
disastrous meeting with the
Bear Cubs last Saturday when
thye clash with Lowell High
School this afternoon on the
frosh diamond. The game will
begin at 3:15.
Coach Jimmy Bradshaw in
dicated that he would start
Walt Hege on the mound for
the Papooses, with Jack Huehcl
behind the hat.
Frosh baseballers will at
tempt a comeback after their
disastrous meeting with the
Bear Cubs last Saturday when
thye clash with Lowell High
School this afternoon on the
frosh diamond. The game will
begin at 3:15.
Coach Jimmy Bradshaw in
dicated that he would start
Walt Hege on the mound for
the Papooses, with Jack Huehcl
behind the hat.
Frosh baseballers will at
tempt a comeback after their
disastrous meeting with the
Bear Cubs last Saturday when
thye clash with Lowell High
School this afternoon on the
frosh diamond. The game will
begin at 3:15.
Coach Jimmy Bradshaw in
dicated that he would start
Walt Hege on the mound for
the Papooses, with Jack Huehcl
behind the hat.
Frosh baseballers will at
tempt a comeback after their
disastrous meeting with the
Bear Cubs last Saturday when
thye clash with Lowell High
School this afternoon on the
frosh diamond. The game will
begin at 3:15.
Coach Jimmy Bradshaw in
dicated that he would start
Walt Hege on the mound for
the Papooses, with Jack Huehcl
behind the hat.
Frosh baseballers will at
tempt a comeback after their
disastrous meeting with the
Bear Cubs last Saturday when
thye clash with Lowell High
School this afternoon on the
frosh diamond. The game will
begin at 3:15.
Coach Jimmy Bradshaw in
dicated that he would start
Walt Hege on the mound for
the Papooses, with Jack Huehcl
behind the hat.
Frosh baseballers will at
tempt a comeback after their
disastrous meeting with the
Bear Cubs last Saturday when
thye clash with Lowell High
School this afternoon on the
frosh diamond. The game will
begin at 3:15.
Coach Jimmy Bradshaw in
dicated that he would start
Walt Hege on the mound for
the Papooses, with Jack Huehcl
behind the hat.
Frosh baseballers will at
tempt a comeback after their
disastrous meeting with the
Bear Cubs last Saturday when
thye clash with Lowell High
School this afternoon on the
frosh diamond. The game will
begin at 3:15.
Coach Jimmy Bradshaw in
dicated that he would start
Walt Hege on the mound for
the Papooses, with Jack Huehcl
behind the hat.
Frosh baseballers will at
tempt a comeback after their
disastrous meeting with the
Bear Cubs last Saturday when
thye clash with Lowell High
School this afternoon on the
frosh diamond. The game will
begin at 3:15.
Coach Jimmy Bradshaw in
dicated that he would start
Walt Hege on the mound for
the Papooses, with Jack Huehcl
behind the hat.
Frosh baseballers will at
tempt a comeback after their
disastrous meeting with the
Bear Cubs last Saturday when
thye clash with Lowell High
School this afternoon on the
frosh diamond. The game will
begin at 3:15.
Coach Jimmy Bradshaw in
dicated that he would start
Walt Hege on the mound for
the Papooses, with Jack Huehcl
behind the hat.
Frosh baseballers will at
tempt a comeback after their
disastrous meeting with the
Bear Cubs last Saturday when
thye clash with Lowell High
School this afternoon on the
frosh diamond. The game will
begin at 3:15.
Coach Jimmy Bradshaw in
dicated that he would start
Walt Hege on the mound for
the Papooses, with Jack Huehcl
behind the hat.
Frosh baseballers will at
tempt a comeback after their
disastrous meeting with the
Bear Cubs last Saturday when
thye clash with Lowell High
School this afternoon on the
frosh diamond. The game will
begin at 3:15.
Coach Jimmy Bradshaw in
dicated that he would start
Walt Hege on the mound for
the Papooses, with Jack Huehcl
behind the hat.
Frosh baseballers will at
tempt a comeback after their
disastrous meeting with the
Bear Cubs last Saturday when
thye clash with Lowell High
School this afternoon on the
frosh diamond. The game will
begin at 3:15.
Coach Jimmy Bradshaw in
dicated that he would start
Walt Hege on the mound for
the Papooses, with Jack Huehcl
behind the hat.
Frosh baseballers will at
tempt a comeback after their
disastrous meeting with the
Bear Cubs last Saturday when
thye clash with Lowell High
School this afternoon on the
frosh diamond. The game will
begin at 3:15.
Coach Jimmy Bradshaw in
dicated that he would start
Walt Hege on the mound for
the Papooses, with Jack Huehcl
behind the hat.
Frosh baseballers will at
tempt a comeback after their
disastrous meeting with the
Bear Cubs last Saturday when
thye clash with Lowell High
School this afternoon on the
frosh diamond. The game will
begin at 3:15.
Coach Jimmy Bradshaw in
dicated that he would start
Walt Hege on the mound for
the Papooses, with Jack Huehcl
behind the hat.
Frosh baseballers will at
tempt a comeback after their
disastrous meeting with the
Bear Cubs last Saturday when
thye clash with Lowell High
School this afternoon on the
frosh diamond. The game will
begin at 3:15.
Coach Jimmy Bradshaw in
dicated that he would start
Walt Hege on the mound for
the Papooses, with Jack Huehcl
behind the hat.
Frosh baseballers will at
tempt a comeback after their
disastrous meeting with the
Bear Cubs last Saturday when
thye clash with Lowell High
School this afternoon on the
frosh diamond. The game will
begin at 3:15.
Coach Jimmy Bradshaw in
dicated that he would start
Walt Hege on the mound for
the Papooses, with Jack Huehcl
behind the hat.
