# POLICEMEN HURT
## 
### 
OAKLAND, Nov. 11. (A 3 ) — Two
policemen were seriously injured !
today when a police ambulance, en j
loute to the scene of an automobile
accident, was struck by another ma- i
chine and wrecked.
OAKLAND, Nov. 11. (A 3 ) — Two
policemen were seriously injured !
today when a police ambulance, en j
loute to the scene of an automobile
accident, was struck by another ma- i
chine and wrecked.
OAKLAND, Nov. 11. (A 3 ) — Two
policemen were seriously injured !
today when a police ambulance, en j
loute to the scene of an automobile
accident, was struck by another ma- i
chine and wrecked.
OAKLAND, Nov. 11. (A 3 ) — Two
policemen were seriously injured !
today when a police ambulance, en j
loute to the scene of an automobile
accident, was struck by another ma- i
chine and wrecked.
OAKLAND, Nov. 11. (A 3 ) — Two
policemen were seriously injured !
today when a police ambulance, en j
loute to the scene of an automobile
accident, was struck by another ma- i
chine and wrecked.
OAKLAND, Nov. 11. (A 3 ) — Two
policemen were seriously injured !
today when a police ambulance, en j
loute to the scene of an automobile
accident, was struck by another ma- i
chine and wrecked.
OAKLAND, Nov. 11. (A 3 ) — Two
policemen were seriously injured !
today when a police ambulance, en j
loute to the scene of an automobile
accident, was struck by another ma- i
chine and wrecked.
OAKLAND, Nov. 11. (A 3 ) — Two
policemen were seriously injured !
today when a police ambulance, en j
loute to the scene of an automobile
accident, was struck by another ma- i
chine and wrecked.
OAKLAND, Nov. 11. (A 3 ) — Two
policemen were seriously injured !
today when a police ambulance, en j
loute to the scene of an automobile
accident, was struck by another ma- i
chine and wrecked.
OAKLAND, Nov. 11. (A 3 ) — Two
policemen were seriously injured !
today when a police ambulance, en j
loute to the scene of an automobile
accident, was struck by another ma- i
chine and wrecked.
OAKLAND, Nov. 11. (A 3 ) — Two
policemen were seriously injured !
today when a police ambulance, en j
loute to the scene of an automobile
accident, was struck by another ma- i
chine and wrecked.
OAKLAND, Nov. 11. (A 3 ) — Two
policemen were seriously injured !
today when a police ambulance, en j
loute to the scene of an automobile
accident, was struck by another ma- i
chine and wrecked.
OAKLAND, Nov. 11. (A 3 ) — Two
policemen were seriously injured !
today when a police ambulance, en j
loute to the scene of an automobile
accident, was struck by another ma- i
chine and wrecked.
OAKLAND, Nov. 11. (A 3 ) — Two
policemen were seriously injured !
today when a police ambulance, en j
loute to the scene of an automobile
accident, was struck by another ma- i
chine and wrecked.
OAKLAND, Nov. 11. (A 3 ) — Two
policemen were seriously injured !
today when a police ambulance, en j
loute to the scene of an automobile
accident, was struck by another ma- i
chine and wrecked.
