# Judges Selected for Final Try-out.
## 
### 
The executive committee of the
Intersociety Debating League lias
selected Rev. 1). Charles Gardner,
Associate Professor C. A. Duniway,
«ltd Assistant Professor It. M. Al
den as judges of tlie final try-outs
for the Intercollegiate debate team,
to lie held Saturday, March '19th.
The executive committee of the
Intersociety Debating League lias
selected Rev. 1). Charles Gardner,
Associate Professor C. A. Duniway,
«ltd Assistant Professor It. M. Al
den as judges of tlie final try-outs
for the Intercollegiate debate team,
to lie held Saturday, March '19th.
The executive committee of the
Intersociety Debating League lias
selected Rev. 1). Charles Gardner,
Associate Professor C. A. Duniway,
«ltd Assistant Professor It. M. Al
den as judges of tlie final try-outs
for the Intercollegiate debate team,
to lie held Saturday, March '19th.
The executive committee of the
Intersociety Debating League lias
selected Rev. 1). Charles Gardner,
Associate Professor C. A. Duniway,
«ltd Assistant Professor It. M. Al
den as judges of tlie final try-outs
for the Intercollegiate debate team,
to lie held Saturday, March '19th.
The executive committee of the
Intersociety Debating League lias
selected Rev. 1). Charles Gardner,
Associate Professor C. A. Duniway,
«ltd Assistant Professor It. M. Al
den as judges of tlie final try-outs
for the Intercollegiate debate team,
to lie held Saturday, March '19th.
The executive committee of the
Intersociety Debating League lias
selected Rev. 1). Charles Gardner,
Associate Professor C. A. Duniway,
«ltd Assistant Professor It. M. Al
den as judges of tlie final try-outs
for the Intercollegiate debate team,
to lie held Saturday, March '19th.
The executive committee of the
Intersociety Debating League lias
selected Rev. 1). Charles Gardner,
Associate Professor C. A. Duniway,
«ltd Assistant Professor It. M. Al
den as judges of tlie final try-outs
for the Intercollegiate debate team,
to lie held Saturday, March '19th.
The executive committee of the
Intersociety Debating League lias
selected Rev. 1). Charles Gardner,
Associate Professor C. A. Duniway,
«ltd Assistant Professor It. M. Al
den as judges of tlie final try-outs
for the Intercollegiate debate team,
to lie held Saturday, March '19th.
