# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The last <>112 the series of class
elections will l>e held tomorrow.
Each class will then have its full
complement of officers and will he
well equipped for the duties of the
closing semester. It can not he
urged too strongly upon the newly
elected officers that work should he
begun immediately upon the class
exercises that are always a pleas
ant feature of the spring term. If
creditable performances are to he
given this year, we need a long
time to prepare for them. In the
rush and hurry of a semester's
work everything can not reasonably
be crowded into the few short weeks
at the end, when students have to
employ a good portion <>1 their time
in satisfying stern professorial re
quirements.
