# Softball announces schedule
## 
### 
Stanford Softball released
its 2013 schedule on
Wednesday, looking to build
on its 40-19 campaign from
2012 and hoping to make its
16th straight NCAA tour
nament appearance.

After three exhibition
doubleheaders this fall,
Stanford's season will start
at the Kajikawa Classic in
Tempe on Feb. 7 against
Bradley. The next weekend,
it will host Cal State-
Northridge, Cal State-
Bakersfield and UC-Davis
at the Stanford Nike
Invitational
The Cardinal will begin
Pac-12 play at Oregon on
March 23 and later host
UCLA, Arizona State,
Utah and Arizona in con
ference play. It will close
out the regular season
against the Wildcats the

weekend of May 9-11.
