# SKIS FOR BIG GAME NOT OPEN TO PUBLIC
## 
### 
Stanford will have G656 tickets to
the Big Game on November 20, and
the University of California 18,785.
There were 28,248 applications from
the students, alumni and faculty, of
the two universities, while the capa
city of the U. C. grandstand is only
25,441. In accordance with the agree
ment between the two universities the
available tickets were on November 1,
apportioned to each in the same ratio
as the requests.
California has 2,207 applications
that cannot be met, and Stanford has
600. Obviously there will be no seats
for sale to the general public.
There are in addition to the grand
stand seats 100 boxes having eight
seats a piece that have been built
along the edges of the field. These
will be divided equally between the
two univ6rsities to be sold at the
rate of $40 a box. *
