# GREATEST CROWDS IN HISTORY TO ATTEND YALE-HARVARD GAME
## 
### 
Applications for tickets to the Yale-
Harvard game, to be played in the Yale
bowl, November 20, have passed all
previous records, according to an an
nouncement of the Yale football man
agement this week. The great footbail
stadium will accommodate 73,000 per
sons, and extra tiers of temporary seats
are being constructed around the bottom
of the masonry.
Already applications have been made
for every seat in the permanent cement
tiers. Although the new seals will not
meet the great demand, it will raise
attendance records much higher than
previous years.
Applications for tickets to the Yale-
Harvard game, to be played in the Yale
bowl, November 20, have passed all
previous records, according to an an
nouncement of the Yale football man
agement this week. The great footbail
stadium will accommodate 73,000 per
sons, and extra tiers of temporary seats
are being constructed around the bottom
of the masonry.
Already applications have been made
for every seat in the permanent cement
tiers. Although the new seals will not
meet the great demand, it will raise
attendance records much higher than
previous years.
Applications for tickets to the Yale-
Harvard game, to be played in the Yale
bowl, November 20, have passed all
previous records, according to an an
nouncement of the Yale football man
agement this week. The great footbail
stadium will accommodate 73,000 per
sons, and extra tiers of temporary seats
are being constructed around the bottom
of the masonry.
Already applications have been made
for every seat in the permanent cement
tiers. Although the new seals will not
meet the great demand, it will raise
attendance records much higher than
previous years.
Applications for tickets to the Yale-
Harvard game, to be played in the Yale
bowl, November 20, have passed all
previous records, according to an an
nouncement of the Yale football man
agement this week. The great footbail
stadium will accommodate 73,000 per
sons, and extra tiers of temporary seats
are being constructed around the bottom
of the masonry.
Already applications have been made
for every seat in the permanent cement
tiers. Although the new seals will not
meet the great demand, it will raise
attendance records much higher than
previous years.
Applications for tickets to the Yale-
Harvard game, to be played in the Yale
bowl, November 20, have passed all
previous records, according to an an
nouncement of the Yale football man
agement this week. The great footbail
stadium will accommodate 73,000 per
sons, and extra tiers of temporary seats
are being constructed around the bottom
of the masonry.
Already applications have been made
for every seat in the permanent cement
tiers. Although the new seals will not
meet the great demand, it will raise
attendance records much higher than
previous years.
Applications for tickets to the Yale-
Harvard game, to be played in the Yale
bowl, November 20, have passed all
previous records, according to an an
nouncement of the Yale football man
agement this week. The great footbail
stadium will accommodate 73,000 per
sons, and extra tiers of temporary seats
are being constructed around the bottom
of the masonry.
Already applications have been made
for every seat in the permanent cement
tiers. Although the new seals will not
meet the great demand, it will raise
attendance records much higher than
previous years.
Applications for tickets to the Yale-
Harvard game, to be played in the Yale
bowl, November 20, have passed all
previous records, according to an an
nouncement of the Yale football man
agement this week. The great footbail
stadium will accommodate 73,000 per
sons, and extra tiers of temporary seats
are being constructed around the bottom
of the masonry.
Already applications have been made
for every seat in the permanent cement
tiers. Although the new seals will not
meet the great demand, it will raise
attendance records much higher than
previous years.
Applications for tickets to the Yale-
Harvard game, to be played in the Yale
bowl, November 20, have passed all
previous records, according to an an
nouncement of the Yale football man
agement this week. The great footbail
stadium will accommodate 73,000 per
sons, and extra tiers of temporary seats
are being constructed around the bottom
of the masonry.
Already applications have been made
for every seat in the permanent cement
tiers. Although the new seals will not
meet the great demand, it will raise
attendance records much higher than
previous years.
Applications for tickets to the Yale-
Harvard game, to be played in the Yale
bowl, November 20, have passed all
previous records, according to an an
nouncement of the Yale football man
agement this week. The great footbail
stadium will accommodate 73,000 per
sons, and extra tiers of temporary seats
are being constructed around the bottom
of the masonry.
Already applications have been made
for every seat in the permanent cement
tiers. Although the new seals will not
meet the great demand, it will raise
attendance records much higher than
previous years.
Applications for tickets to the Yale-
Harvard game, to be played in the Yale
bowl, November 20, have passed all
previous records, according to an an
nouncement of the Yale football man
agement this week. The great footbail
stadium will accommodate 73,000 per
sons, and extra tiers of temporary seats
are being constructed around the bottom
of the masonry.
Already applications have been made
for every seat in the permanent cement
tiers. Although the new seals will not
meet the great demand, it will raise
attendance records much higher than
previous years.
Applications for tickets to the Yale-
Harvard game, to be played in the Yale
bowl, November 20, have passed all
previous records, according to an an
nouncement of the Yale football man
agement this week. The great footbail
stadium will accommodate 73,000 per
sons, and extra tiers of temporary seats
are being constructed around the bottom
of the masonry.
Already applications have been made
for every seat in the permanent cement
tiers. Although the new seals will not
meet the great demand, it will raise
attendance records much higher than
previous years.
Applications for tickets to the Yale-
Harvard game, to be played in the Yale
bowl, November 20, have passed all
previous records, according to an an
nouncement of the Yale football man
agement this week. The great footbail
stadium will accommodate 73,000 per
sons, and extra tiers of temporary seats
are being constructed around the bottom
of the masonry.
Already applications have been made
for every seat in the permanent cement
tiers. Although the new seals will not
meet the great demand, it will raise
attendance records much higher than
previous years.
