# Candidates for Degrees To File Application
## 
### 
Graduate students who expect to
receive the advanced degrees of
Master of Arts or Engineer, should
file preliminary statements of candi
dacy at the Registrar's Office before
November 13, and those students who
expect to complete their work this
quarter and secure the degree of
Bachelor of Arts in January should
file applications at the Registrar's
Office, before November 20th.
Graduate students who expect to
receive the advanced degrees of
Master of Arts or Engineer, should
file preliminary statements of candi
dacy at the Registrar's Office before
November 13, and those students who
expect to complete their work this
quarter and secure the degree of
Bachelor of Arts in January should
file applications at the Registrar's
Office, before November 20th.
Graduate students who expect to
receive the advanced degrees of
Master of Arts or Engineer, should
file preliminary statements of candi
dacy at the Registrar's Office before
November 13, and those students who
expect to complete their work this
quarter and secure the degree of
Bachelor of Arts in January should
file applications at the Registrar's
Office, before November 20th.
Graduate students who expect to
receive the advanced degrees of
Master of Arts or Engineer, should
file preliminary statements of candi
dacy at the Registrar's Office before
November 13, and those students who
expect to complete their work this
quarter and secure the degree of
Bachelor of Arts in January should
file applications at the Registrar's
Office, before November 20th.
Graduate students who expect to
receive the advanced degrees of
Master of Arts or Engineer, should
file preliminary statements of candi
dacy at the Registrar's Office before
November 13, and those students who
expect to complete their work this
quarter and secure the degree of
Bachelor of Arts in January should
file applications at the Registrar's
Office, before November 20th.
Graduate students who expect to
receive the advanced degrees of
Master of Arts or Engineer, should
file preliminary statements of candi
dacy at the Registrar's Office before
November 13, and those students who
expect to complete their work this
quarter and secure the degree of
Bachelor of Arts in January should
file applications at the Registrar's
Office, before November 20th.
Graduate students who expect to
receive the advanced degrees of
Master of Arts or Engineer, should
file preliminary statements of candi
dacy at the Registrar's Office before
November 13, and those students who
expect to complete their work this
quarter and secure the degree of
Bachelor of Arts in January should
file applications at the Registrar's
Office, before November 20th.
Graduate students who expect to
receive the advanced degrees of
Master of Arts or Engineer, should
file preliminary statements of candi
dacy at the Registrar's Office before
November 13, and those students who
expect to complete their work this
quarter and secure the degree of
Bachelor of Arts in January should
file applications at the Registrar's
Office, before November 20th.
Graduate students who expect to
receive the advanced degrees of
Master of Arts or Engineer, should
file preliminary statements of candi
dacy at the Registrar's Office before
November 13, and those students who
expect to complete their work this
quarter and secure the degree of
Bachelor of Arts in January should
file applications at the Registrar's
Office, before November 20th.
Graduate students who expect to
receive the advanced degrees of
Master of Arts or Engineer, should
file preliminary statements of candi
dacy at the Registrar's Office before
November 13, and those students who
expect to complete their work this
quarter and secure the degree of
Bachelor of Arts in January should
file applications at the Registrar's
Office, before November 20th.
Graduate students who expect to
receive the advanced degrees of
Master of Arts or Engineer, should
file preliminary statements of candi
dacy at the Registrar's Office before
November 13, and those students who
expect to complete their work this
quarter and secure the degree of
Bachelor of Arts in January should
file applications at the Registrar's
Office, before November 20th.
Graduate students who expect to
receive the advanced degrees of
Master of Arts or Engineer, should
file preliminary statements of candi
dacy at the Registrar's Office before
November 13, and those students who
expect to complete their work this
quarter and secure the degree of
Bachelor of Arts in January should
file applications at the Registrar's
Office, before November 20th.
