# APPLICATIONS FOR GRADUATION MUST BE FILED TODAY
## 
### 
Today is I lie last day for fil
ing applications for graduation
at the end of the Spring Quar
ter.
According to the Registrar's
Office, there are a consider
able number of seniors who
intend to receive the Bachelor
of Arts degree at the end of
the quarter that have not as
yet tiled their applications.
The office warns that marticu
lation in June will not be con
sidered unless applications
are in.
Candidates for advanced de
grees who have not yet noti
fied the Registrar of their in
tentions should likewise do so
at once.
Today is I lie last day for fil
ing applications for graduation
at the end of the Spring Quar
ter.
According to the Registrar's
Office, there are a consider
able number of seniors who
intend to receive the Bachelor
of Arts degree at the end of
the quarter that have not as
yet tiled their applications.
The office warns that marticu
lation in June will not be con
sidered unless applications
are in.
Candidates for advanced de
grees who have not yet noti
fied the Registrar of their in
tentions should likewise do so
at once.
Today is I lie last day for fil
ing applications for graduation
at the end of the Spring Quar
ter.
According to the Registrar's
Office, there are a consider
able number of seniors who
intend to receive the Bachelor
of Arts degree at the end of
the quarter that have not as
yet tiled their applications.
The office warns that marticu
lation in June will not be con
sidered unless applications
are in.
Candidates for advanced de
grees who have not yet noti
fied the Registrar of their in
tentions should likewise do so
at once.
Today is I lie last day for fil
ing applications for graduation
at the end of the Spring Quar
ter.
According to the Registrar's
Office, there are a consider
able number of seniors who
intend to receive the Bachelor
of Arts degree at the end of
the quarter that have not as
yet tiled their applications.
The office warns that marticu
lation in June will not be con
sidered unless applications
are in.
Candidates for advanced de
grees who have not yet noti
fied the Registrar of their in
tentions should likewise do so
at once.
Today is I lie last day for fil
ing applications for graduation
at the end of the Spring Quar
ter.
According to the Registrar's
Office, there are a consider
able number of seniors who
intend to receive the Bachelor
of Arts degree at the end of
the quarter that have not as
yet tiled their applications.
The office warns that marticu
lation in June will not be con
sidered unless applications
are in.
Candidates for advanced de
grees who have not yet noti
fied the Registrar of their in
tentions should likewise do so
at once.
Today is I lie last day for fil
ing applications for graduation
at the end of the Spring Quar
ter.
According to the Registrar's
Office, there are a consider
able number of seniors who
intend to receive the Bachelor
of Arts degree at the end of
the quarter that have not as
yet tiled their applications.
The office warns that marticu
lation in June will not be con
sidered unless applications
are in.
Candidates for advanced de
grees who have not yet noti
fied the Registrar of their in
tentions should likewise do so
at once.
Today is I lie last day for fil
ing applications for graduation
at the end of the Spring Quar
ter.
According to the Registrar's
Office, there are a consider
able number of seniors who
intend to receive the Bachelor
of Arts degree at the end of
the quarter that have not as
yet tiled their applications.
The office warns that marticu
lation in June will not be con
sidered unless applications
are in.
Candidates for advanced de
grees who have not yet noti
fied the Registrar of their in
tentions should likewise do so
at once.
Today is I lie last day for fil
ing applications for graduation
at the end of the Spring Quar
ter.
According to the Registrar's
Office, there are a consider
able number of seniors who
intend to receive the Bachelor
of Arts degree at the end of
the quarter that have not as
yet tiled their applications.
The office warns that marticu
lation in June will not be con
sidered unless applications
are in.
Candidates for advanced de
grees who have not yet noti
fied the Registrar of their in
tentions should likewise do so
at once.
Today is I lie last day for fil
ing applications for graduation
at the end of the Spring Quar
ter.
According to the Registrar's
Office, there are a consider
able number of seniors who
intend to receive the Bachelor
of Arts degree at the end of
the quarter that have not as
yet tiled their applications.
The office warns that marticu
lation in June will not be con
sidered unless applications
are in.
Candidates for advanced de
grees who have not yet noti
fied the Registrar of their in
tentions should likewise do so
at once.
Today is I lie last day for fil
ing applications for graduation
at the end of the Spring Quar
ter.
According to the Registrar's
Office, there are a consider
able number of seniors who
intend to receive the Bachelor
of Arts degree at the end of
the quarter that have not as
yet tiled their applications.
The office warns that marticu
lation in June will not be con
sidered unless applications
are in.
Candidates for advanced de
grees who have not yet noti
fied the Registrar of their in
tentions should likewise do so
at once.
Today is I lie last day for fil
ing applications for graduation
at the end of the Spring Quar
ter.
According to the Registrar's
Office, there are a consider
able number of seniors who
intend to receive the Bachelor
of Arts degree at the end of
the quarter that have not as
yet tiled their applications.
The office warns that marticu
lation in June will not be con
sidered unless applications
are in.
Candidates for advanced de
grees who have not yet noti
fied the Registrar of their in
tentions should likewise do so
at once.
Today is I lie last day for fil
ing applications for graduation
at the end of the Spring Quar
ter.
According to the Registrar's
Office, there are a consider
able number of seniors who
intend to receive the Bachelor
of Arts degree at the end of
the quarter that have not as
yet tiled their applications.
The office warns that marticu
lation in June will not be con
sidered unless applications
are in.
Candidates for advanced de
grees who have not yet noti
fied the Registrar of their in
tentions should likewise do so
at once.
Today is I lie last day for fil
ing applications for graduation
at the end of the Spring Quar
ter.
According to the Registrar's
Office, there are a consider
able number of seniors who
intend to receive the Bachelor
of Arts degree at the end of
the quarter that have not as
yet tiled their applications.
The office warns that marticu
lation in June will not be con
sidered unless applications
are in.
Candidates for advanced de
grees who have not yet noti
fied the Registrar of their in
tentions should likewise do so
at once.
Today is I lie last day for fil
ing applications for graduation
at the end of the Spring Quar
ter.
According to the Registrar's
Office, there are a consider
able number of seniors who
intend to receive the Bachelor
of Arts degree at the end of
the quarter that have not as
yet tiled their applications.
The office warns that marticu
lation in June will not be con
sidered unless applications
are in.
Candidates for advanced de
grees who have not yet noti
fied the Registrar of their in
tentions should likewise do so
at once.
