# GOLF DRIVING MATCH ENTRIES SIGN UP NOW
## 
### 
Mnl ries for (lie all-University
golf driving contest must be posted
at Encina gym by Friday night, ac
cording to (loach Bill Ellington.
Gold, silver, and bronze medals will
be awarded the three men who
drive the small pellet the greatest
distance.
According to present plans the
driving contest will be held on the
polo field at 10 o'clock Saturday
morning. All students registered
this quarter are eligible to com
pete.
Mnl ries for (lie all-University
golf driving contest must be posted
at Encina gym by Friday night, ac
cording to (loach Bill Ellington.
Gold, silver, and bronze medals will
be awarded the three men who
drive the small pellet the greatest
distance.
According to present plans the
driving contest will be held on the
polo field at 10 o'clock Saturday
morning. All students registered
this quarter are eligible to com
pete.
Mnl ries for (lie all-University
golf driving contest must be posted
at Encina gym by Friday night, ac
cording to (loach Bill Ellington.
Gold, silver, and bronze medals will
be awarded the three men who
drive the small pellet the greatest
distance.
According to present plans the
driving contest will be held on the
polo field at 10 o'clock Saturday
morning. All students registered
this quarter are eligible to com
pete.
Mnl ries for (lie all-University
golf driving contest must be posted
at Encina gym by Friday night, ac
cording to (loach Bill Ellington.
Gold, silver, and bronze medals will
be awarded the three men who
drive the small pellet the greatest
distance.
According to present plans the
driving contest will be held on the
polo field at 10 o'clock Saturday
morning. All students registered
this quarter are eligible to com
pete.
Mnl ries for (lie all-University
golf driving contest must be posted
at Encina gym by Friday night, ac
cording to (loach Bill Ellington.
Gold, silver, and bronze medals will
be awarded the three men who
drive the small pellet the greatest
distance.
According to present plans the
driving contest will be held on the
polo field at 10 o'clock Saturday
morning. All students registered
this quarter are eligible to com
pete.
Mnl ries for (lie all-University
golf driving contest must be posted
at Encina gym by Friday night, ac
cording to (loach Bill Ellington.
Gold, silver, and bronze medals will
be awarded the three men who
drive the small pellet the greatest
distance.
According to present plans the
driving contest will be held on the
polo field at 10 o'clock Saturday
morning. All students registered
this quarter are eligible to com
pete.
Mnl ries for (lie all-University
golf driving contest must be posted
at Encina gym by Friday night, ac
cording to (loach Bill Ellington.
Gold, silver, and bronze medals will
be awarded the three men who
drive the small pellet the greatest
distance.
According to present plans the
driving contest will be held on the
polo field at 10 o'clock Saturday
morning. All students registered
this quarter are eligible to com
pete.
Mnl ries for (lie all-University
golf driving contest must be posted
at Encina gym by Friday night, ac
cording to (loach Bill Ellington.
Gold, silver, and bronze medals will
be awarded the three men who
drive the small pellet the greatest
distance.
According to present plans the
driving contest will be held on the
polo field at 10 o'clock Saturday
morning. All students registered
this quarter are eligible to com
pete.
Mnl ries for (lie all-University
golf driving contest must be posted
at Encina gym by Friday night, ac
cording to (loach Bill Ellington.
Gold, silver, and bronze medals will
be awarded the three men who
drive the small pellet the greatest
distance.
According to present plans the
driving contest will be held on the
polo field at 10 o'clock Saturday
morning. All students registered
this quarter are eligible to com
pete.
Mnl ries for (lie all-University
golf driving contest must be posted
at Encina gym by Friday night, ac
cording to (loach Bill Ellington.
Gold, silver, and bronze medals will
be awarded the three men who
drive the small pellet the greatest
distance.
According to present plans the
driving contest will be held on the
polo field at 10 o'clock Saturday
morning. All students registered
this quarter are eligible to com
pete.
Mnl ries for (lie all-University
golf driving contest must be posted
at Encina gym by Friday night, ac
cording to (loach Bill Ellington.
Gold, silver, and bronze medals will
be awarded the three men who
drive the small pellet the greatest
distance.
According to present plans the
driving contest will be held on the
polo field at 10 o'clock Saturday
morning. All students registered
this quarter are eligible to com
pete.
Mnl ries for (lie all-University
golf driving contest must be posted
at Encina gym by Friday night, ac
cording to (loach Bill Ellington.
Gold, silver, and bronze medals will
be awarded the three men who
drive the small pellet the greatest
distance.
According to present plans the
driving contest will be held on the
polo field at 10 o'clock Saturday
morning. All students registered
this quarter are eligible to com
pete.
Mnl ries for (lie all-University
golf driving contest must be posted
at Encina gym by Friday night, ac
cording to (loach Bill Ellington.
Gold, silver, and bronze medals will
be awarded the three men who
drive the small pellet the greatest
distance.
According to present plans the
driving contest will be held on the
polo field at 10 o'clock Saturday
morning. All students registered
this quarter are eligible to com
pete.
Mnl ries for (lie all-University
golf driving contest must be posted
at Encina gym by Friday night, ac
cording to (loach Bill Ellington.
Gold, silver, and bronze medals will
be awarded the three men who
drive the small pellet the greatest
distance.
According to present plans the
driving contest will be held on the
polo field at 10 o'clock Saturday
morning. All students registered
this quarter are eligible to com
pete.
