# NEWMAN CLUB WILL MEET ON THURSDAY
## 
### 
There will be a meeting of the
Stanford Newman Club Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the Wo
men's Clubhouse, downstairs.
According to President .Joseph
Do Ducchi, plans will be chosen ac
cording to the. major departments
of the club members. Such groups
will be led by graduate or senior
members, and the whole will be
presided over by Rev. J. Cronin of
Palo Alto, director of the club.
There will be a meeting of the
Stanford Newman Club Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the Wo
men's Clubhouse, downstairs.
According to President .Joseph
Do Ducchi, plans will be chosen ac
cording to the. major departments
of the club members. Such groups
will be led by graduate or senior
members, and the whole will be
presided over by Rev. J. Cronin of
Palo Alto, director of the club.
There will be a meeting of the
Stanford Newman Club Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the Wo
men's Clubhouse, downstairs.
According to President .Joseph
Do Ducchi, plans will be chosen ac
cording to the. major departments
of the club members. Such groups
will be led by graduate or senior
members, and the whole will be
presided over by Rev. J. Cronin of
Palo Alto, director of the club.
There will be a meeting of the
Stanford Newman Club Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the Wo
men's Clubhouse, downstairs.
According to President .Joseph
Do Ducchi, plans will be chosen ac
cording to the. major departments
of the club members. Such groups
will be led by graduate or senior
members, and the whole will be
presided over by Rev. J. Cronin of
Palo Alto, director of the club.
There will be a meeting of the
Stanford Newman Club Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the Wo
men's Clubhouse, downstairs.
According to President .Joseph
Do Ducchi, plans will be chosen ac
cording to the. major departments
of the club members. Such groups
will be led by graduate or senior
members, and the whole will be
presided over by Rev. J. Cronin of
Palo Alto, director of the club.
There will be a meeting of the
Stanford Newman Club Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the Wo
men's Clubhouse, downstairs.
According to President .Joseph
Do Ducchi, plans will be chosen ac
cording to the. major departments
of the club members. Such groups
will be led by graduate or senior
members, and the whole will be
presided over by Rev. J. Cronin of
Palo Alto, director of the club.
There will be a meeting of the
Stanford Newman Club Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the Wo
men's Clubhouse, downstairs.
According to President .Joseph
Do Ducchi, plans will be chosen ac
cording to the. major departments
of the club members. Such groups
will be led by graduate or senior
members, and the whole will be
presided over by Rev. J. Cronin of
Palo Alto, director of the club.
There will be a meeting of the
Stanford Newman Club Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the Wo
men's Clubhouse, downstairs.
According to President .Joseph
Do Ducchi, plans will be chosen ac
cording to the. major departments
of the club members. Such groups
will be led by graduate or senior
members, and the whole will be
presided over by Rev. J. Cronin of
Palo Alto, director of the club.
There will be a meeting of the
Stanford Newman Club Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the Wo
men's Clubhouse, downstairs.
According to President .Joseph
Do Ducchi, plans will be chosen ac
cording to the. major departments
of the club members. Such groups
will be led by graduate or senior
members, and the whole will be
presided over by Rev. J. Cronin of
Palo Alto, director of the club.
There will be a meeting of the
Stanford Newman Club Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the Wo
men's Clubhouse, downstairs.
According to President .Joseph
Do Ducchi, plans will be chosen ac
cording to the. major departments
of the club members. Such groups
will be led by graduate or senior
members, and the whole will be
presided over by Rev. J. Cronin of
Palo Alto, director of the club.
There will be a meeting of the
Stanford Newman Club Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the Wo
men's Clubhouse, downstairs.
According to President .Joseph
Do Ducchi, plans will be chosen ac
cording to the. major departments
of the club members. Such groups
will be led by graduate or senior
members, and the whole will be
presided over by Rev. J. Cronin of
Palo Alto, director of the club.
There will be a meeting of the
Stanford Newman Club Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the Wo
men's Clubhouse, downstairs.
According to President .Joseph
Do Ducchi, plans will be chosen ac
cording to the. major departments
of the club members. Such groups
will be led by graduate or senior
members, and the whole will be
presided over by Rev. J. Cronin of
Palo Alto, director of the club.
There will be a meeting of the
Stanford Newman Club Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the Wo
men's Clubhouse, downstairs.
According to President .Joseph
Do Ducchi, plans will be chosen ac
cording to the. major departments
of the club members. Such groups
will be led by graduate or senior
members, and the whole will be
presided over by Rev. J. Cronin of
Palo Alto, director of the club.
There will be a meeting of the
Stanford Newman Club Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the Wo
men's Clubhouse, downstairs.
According to President .Joseph
Do Ducchi, plans will be chosen ac
cording to the. major departments
of the club members. Such groups
will be led by graduate or senior
members, and the whole will be
presided over by Rev. J. Cronin of
Palo Alto, director of the club.
