# D.U. PLEDGE
## 
### 
Delia IJpsilon announces the
pledging of James Clyne, '33.
Delia IJpsilon announces the
pledging of James Clyne, '33.
Delia IJpsilon announces the
pledging of James Clyne, '33.
Delia IJpsilon announces the
pledging of James Clyne, '33.
Delia IJpsilon announces the
pledging of James Clyne, '33.
Delia IJpsilon announces the
pledging of James Clyne, '33.
Delia IJpsilon announces the
pledging of James Clyne, '33.
Delia IJpsilon announces the
pledging of James Clyne, '33.
Delia IJpsilon announces the
pledging of James Clyne, '33.
Delia IJpsilon announces the
pledging of James Clyne, '33.
Delia IJpsilon announces the
pledging of James Clyne, '33.
Delia IJpsilon announces the
pledging of James Clyne, '33.
Delia IJpsilon announces the
pledging of James Clyne, '33.
Delia IJpsilon announces the
pledging of James Clyne, '33.
