# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Jordan liouso announces the en
gagement of Ann Atkerson, '54, to
Norman Fjeldsted, Stanford (grad
uate School of Electrical Engineer
ing.
Jordan liouso announces the en
gagement of Ann Atkerson, '54, to
Norman Fjeldsted, Stanford (grad
uate School of Electrical Engineer
ing.
Jordan liouso announces the en
gagement of Ann Atkerson, '54, to
Norman Fjeldsted, Stanford (grad
uate School of Electrical Engineer
ing.
Jordan liouso announces the en
gagement of Ann Atkerson, '54, to
Norman Fjeldsted, Stanford (grad
uate School of Electrical Engineer
ing.
Jordan liouso announces the en
gagement of Ann Atkerson, '54, to
Norman Fjeldsted, Stanford (grad
uate School of Electrical Engineer
ing.
Jordan liouso announces the en
gagement of Ann Atkerson, '54, to
Norman Fjeldsted, Stanford (grad
uate School of Electrical Engineer
ing.
Jordan liouso announces the en
gagement of Ann Atkerson, '54, to
Norman Fjeldsted, Stanford (grad
uate School of Electrical Engineer
ing.
Jordan liouso announces the en
gagement of Ann Atkerson, '54, to
Norman Fjeldsted, Stanford (grad
uate School of Electrical Engineer
ing.
Jordan liouso announces the en
gagement of Ann Atkerson, '54, to
Norman Fjeldsted, Stanford (grad
uate School of Electrical Engineer
ing.
Jordan liouso announces the en
gagement of Ann Atkerson, '54, to
Norman Fjeldsted, Stanford (grad
uate School of Electrical Engineer
ing.
Jordan liouso announces the en
gagement of Ann Atkerson, '54, to
Norman Fjeldsted, Stanford (grad
uate School of Electrical Engineer
ing.
Jordan liouso announces the en
gagement of Ann Atkerson, '54, to
Norman Fjeldsted, Stanford (grad
uate School of Electrical Engineer
ing.
Jordan liouso announces the en
gagement of Ann Atkerson, '54, to
Norman Fjeldsted, Stanford (grad
uate School of Electrical Engineer
ing.
Jordan liouso announces the en
gagement of Ann Atkerson, '54, to
Norman Fjeldsted, Stanford (grad
uate School of Electrical Engineer
ing.
