# BROADCAST, TELEVISED
## 
### 
Saturday night's Cal - Stanford
basketball game at Berkeley will
be televised over KGO-TV. Fri
day's game will be broadcast on
KROW and Saturday's on KLX.
Starting time is 8:30 p.m.
Saturday night's Cal - Stanford
basketball game at Berkeley will
be televised over KGO-TV. Fri
day's game will be broadcast on
KROW and Saturday's on KLX.
Starting time is 8:30 p.m.
Saturday night's Cal - Stanford
basketball game at Berkeley will
be televised over KGO-TV. Fri
day's game will be broadcast on
KROW and Saturday's on KLX.
Starting time is 8:30 p.m.
Saturday night's Cal - Stanford
basketball game at Berkeley will
be televised over KGO-TV. Fri
day's game will be broadcast on
KROW and Saturday's on KLX.
Starting time is 8:30 p.m.
Saturday night's Cal - Stanford
basketball game at Berkeley will
be televised over KGO-TV. Fri
day's game will be broadcast on
KROW and Saturday's on KLX.
Starting time is 8:30 p.m.
Saturday night's Cal - Stanford
basketball game at Berkeley will
be televised over KGO-TV. Fri
day's game will be broadcast on
KROW and Saturday's on KLX.
Starting time is 8:30 p.m.
Saturday night's Cal - Stanford
basketball game at Berkeley will
be televised over KGO-TV. Fri
day's game will be broadcast on
KROW and Saturday's on KLX.
Starting time is 8:30 p.m.
Saturday night's Cal - Stanford
basketball game at Berkeley will
be televised over KGO-TV. Fri
day's game will be broadcast on
KROW and Saturday's on KLX.
Starting time is 8:30 p.m.
Saturday night's Cal - Stanford
basketball game at Berkeley will
be televised over KGO-TV. Fri
day's game will be broadcast on
KROW and Saturday's on KLX.
Starting time is 8:30 p.m.
Saturday night's Cal - Stanford
basketball game at Berkeley will
be televised over KGO-TV. Fri
day's game will be broadcast on
KROW and Saturday's on KLX.
Starting time is 8:30 p.m.
Saturday night's Cal - Stanford
basketball game at Berkeley will
be televised over KGO-TV. Fri
day's game will be broadcast on
KROW and Saturday's on KLX.
Starting time is 8:30 p.m.
Saturday night's Cal - Stanford
basketball game at Berkeley will
be televised over KGO-TV. Fri
day's game will be broadcast on
KROW and Saturday's on KLX.
Starting time is 8:30 p.m.
Saturday night's Cal - Stanford
basketball game at Berkeley will
be televised over KGO-TV. Fri
day's game will be broadcast on
KROW and Saturday's on KLX.
Starting time is 8:30 p.m.
Saturday night's Cal - Stanford
basketball game at Berkeley will
be televised over KGO-TV. Fri
day's game will be broadcast on
KROW and Saturday's on KLX.
Starting time is 8:30 p.m.
