# Professors Head Notional Groups
## 
### 
Three Stanford professors were
named heads of various national
organizations in conventions held
this summer.
Professor Robert A. Helliwell
was elected chairman of the Com
mission for Terrestrial Rad i o
Noise at the 12th general assem
bly of the International Scientific
Radio Union, held in Boulder, Col
orado.
In the Western Economics As
sociation meeting held at the Uni
versity of Utah, Professor Wil
liam O. Jones was elected vice
president of the organization.
Jones is executive secretary fit
(he Food Research Institute here.
The American Society of Zoolo
gists chose Professor Victor C.
Twitty as president-elect of the
1,385-member scientific organiza
tion. Twitty is chairman of the
Stanford Biological Science De
partment.
