# Music Department To Sponsor Four Series Programs
## 
### 
Four concerts will be presented
under the newly organized sub
scription series sponsored by the
music department. Tickets for
the four-concert series will go on
sale at Dinkelspiel Music Building
box office Monday.
The first concert will be held in
October and will feature the After
Dinner Opera Company. The Al
fred Deller Trio will come to cam
pus in November.
The January performer, dancer
Paul Draper, will be followed in
March by Amardeus' String Quar
tet. last concert of the scries.
There will be no December or
February concerts.
In Music Building
The series will be presented in
Florence Hellman (Mrs: Lloyd)
Dinkelspiel Memorial Auditorium,
the "theatre with a design of to
morrow."
The $730,000 music building
was donated by Mrs. Dinkelspiel's
family in her memory and was
dedicated last May 23, opening
night of the spring opera, "The
Ballad of Baby Doe," by Douglas
Moore. Dinkelspiel is president of
the University's board of trustees.
Season tickets for the subscrip
tion series are $7 and individual
tickets are $2. All seats are re
served. Box office is open from
12:30 to 4:30 p.m.. and the tele
phone number' is DA 3-3691.
Organist Appointed
Other new developments in the
music department include the ap
pointment of an acting organist
while regular University organist
Herbert Nanney is on vacation in
the east.
Donald Aird will be acting or ?
ganist until Nanncy's return in
January. After this time he will
join the teaching staff and be
come assistant organist.
