# Football Tickets On Sale Monday
## 
### 
Student tickets for all Stanford
home football games and the
Southern California game in Los
Angeles will be on sale Monday,
Tuesday and Wednesday, 8:30
a.m. to 4 p.m., at the ticket
booths in the Pavilion. No stu
dent tickets will be sold at the
games.
There vvill be no tickets for to
morrow's opening game against
San Jose State. Freshmen will
be admitted by showing their
freshman identification badges
and returning students by show
ing their last spring or summer
quarter's student body cards.
Prices for other games arc:
Northwestern, $1; UCLA. $1.75;
Southern California at the Coli
seum in Los Angeles on Nov. 9,
SI .75, and California, $2.
Student tickets for all Stanford
home football games and the
Southern California game in Los
Angeles will be on sale Monday,
Tuesday and Wednesday, 8:30
a.m. to 4 p.m., at the ticket
booths in the Pavilion. No stu
dent tickets will be sold at the
games.
There vvill be no tickets for to
morrow's opening game against
San Jose State. Freshmen will
be admitted by showing their
freshman identification badges
and returning students by show
ing their last spring or summer
quarter's student body cards.
Prices for other games arc:
Northwestern, $1; UCLA. $1.75;
Southern California at the Coli
seum in Los Angeles on Nov. 9,
SI .75, and California, $2.
Student tickets for all Stanford
home football games and the
Southern California game in Los
Angeles will be on sale Monday,
Tuesday and Wednesday, 8:30
a.m. to 4 p.m., at the ticket
booths in the Pavilion. No stu
dent tickets will be sold at the
games.
There vvill be no tickets for to
morrow's opening game against
San Jose State. Freshmen will
be admitted by showing their
freshman identification badges
and returning students by show
ing their last spring or summer
quarter's student body cards.
Prices for other games arc:
Northwestern, $1; UCLA. $1.75;
Southern California at the Coli
seum in Los Angeles on Nov. 9,
SI .75, and California, $2.
Student tickets for all Stanford
home football games and the
Southern California game in Los
Angeles will be on sale Monday,
Tuesday and Wednesday, 8:30
a.m. to 4 p.m., at the ticket
booths in the Pavilion. No stu
dent tickets will be sold at the
games.
There vvill be no tickets for to
morrow's opening game against
San Jose State. Freshmen will
be admitted by showing their
freshman identification badges
and returning students by show
ing their last spring or summer
quarter's student body cards.
Prices for other games arc:
Northwestern, $1; UCLA. $1.75;
Southern California at the Coli
seum in Los Angeles on Nov. 9,
SI .75, and California, $2.
Student tickets for all Stanford
home football games and the
Southern California game in Los
Angeles will be on sale Monday,
Tuesday and Wednesday, 8:30
a.m. to 4 p.m., at the ticket
booths in the Pavilion. No stu
dent tickets will be sold at the
games.
There vvill be no tickets for to
morrow's opening game against
San Jose State. Freshmen will
be admitted by showing their
freshman identification badges
and returning students by show
ing their last spring or summer
quarter's student body cards.
Prices for other games arc:
Northwestern, $1; UCLA. $1.75;
Southern California at the Coli
seum in Los Angeles on Nov. 9,
SI .75, and California, $2.
Student tickets for all Stanford
home football games and the
Southern California game in Los
Angeles will be on sale Monday,
Tuesday and Wednesday, 8:30
a.m. to 4 p.m., at the ticket
booths in the Pavilion. No stu
dent tickets will be sold at the
games.
There vvill be no tickets for to
morrow's opening game against
San Jose State. Freshmen will
be admitted by showing their
freshman identification badges
and returning students by show
ing their last spring or summer
quarter's student body cards.
Prices for other games arc:
Northwestern, $1; UCLA. $1.75;
Southern California at the Coli
seum in Los Angeles on Nov. 9,
SI .75, and California, $2.
Student tickets for all Stanford
home football games and the
Southern California game in Los
Angeles will be on sale Monday,
Tuesday and Wednesday, 8:30
a.m. to 4 p.m., at the ticket
booths in the Pavilion. No stu
dent tickets will be sold at the
games.
There vvill be no tickets for to
morrow's opening game against
San Jose State. Freshmen will
be admitted by showing their
freshman identification badges
and returning students by show
ing their last spring or summer
quarter's student body cards.
Prices for other games arc:
Northwestern, $1; UCLA. $1.75;
Southern California at the Coli
seum in Los Angeles on Nov. 9,
SI .75, and California, $2.
Student tickets for all Stanford
home football games and the
Southern California game in Los
Angeles will be on sale Monday,
Tuesday and Wednesday, 8:30
a.m. to 4 p.m., at the ticket
booths in the Pavilion. No stu
dent tickets will be sold at the
games.
There vvill be no tickets for to
morrow's opening game against
San Jose State. Freshmen will
be admitted by showing their
freshman identification badges
and returning students by show
ing their last spring or summer
quarter's student body cards.
Prices for other games arc:
Northwestern, $1; UCLA. $1.75;
Southern California at the Coli
seum in Los Angeles on Nov. 9,
SI .75, and California, $2.
Student tickets for all Stanford
home football games and the
Southern California game in Los
Angeles will be on sale Monday,
Tuesday and Wednesday, 8:30
a.m. to 4 p.m., at the ticket
booths in the Pavilion. No stu
dent tickets will be sold at the
games.
There vvill be no tickets for to
morrow's opening game against
San Jose State. Freshmen will
be admitted by showing their
freshman identification badges
and returning students by show
ing their last spring or summer
quarter's student body cards.
Prices for other games arc:
Northwestern, $1; UCLA. $1.75;
Southern California at the Coli
seum in Los Angeles on Nov. 9,
SI .75, and California, $2.
Student tickets for all Stanford
home football games and the
Southern California game in Los
Angeles will be on sale Monday,
Tuesday and Wednesday, 8:30
a.m. to 4 p.m., at the ticket
booths in the Pavilion. No stu
dent tickets will be sold at the
games.
There vvill be no tickets for to
morrow's opening game against
San Jose State. Freshmen will
be admitted by showing their
freshman identification badges
and returning students by show
ing their last spring or summer
quarter's student body cards.
Prices for other games arc:
Northwestern, $1; UCLA. $1.75;
Southern California at the Coli
seum in Los Angeles on Nov. 9,
SI .75, and California, $2.
Student tickets for all Stanford
home football games and the
Southern California game in Los
Angeles will be on sale Monday,
Tuesday and Wednesday, 8:30
a.m. to 4 p.m., at the ticket
booths in the Pavilion. No stu
dent tickets will be sold at the
games.
There vvill be no tickets for to
morrow's opening game against
San Jose State. Freshmen will
be admitted by showing their
freshman identification badges
and returning students by show
ing their last spring or summer
quarter's student body cards.
Prices for other games arc:
Northwestern, $1; UCLA. $1.75;
Southern California at the Coli
seum in Los Angeles on Nov. 9,
SI .75, and California, $2.
Student tickets for all Stanford
home football games and the
Southern California game in Los
Angeles will be on sale Monday,
Tuesday and Wednesday, 8:30
a.m. to 4 p.m., at the ticket
booths in the Pavilion. No stu
dent tickets will be sold at the
games.
There vvill be no tickets for to
morrow's opening game against
San Jose State. Freshmen will
be admitted by showing their
freshman identification badges
and returning students by show
ing their last spring or summer
quarter's student body cards.
Prices for other games arc:
Northwestern, $1; UCLA. $1.75;
Southern California at the Coli
seum in Los Angeles on Nov. 9,
SI .75, and California, $2.
Student tickets for all Stanford
home football games and the
Southern California game in Los
Angeles will be on sale Monday,
Tuesday and Wednesday, 8:30
a.m. to 4 p.m., at the ticket
booths in the Pavilion. No stu
dent tickets will be sold at the
games.
There vvill be no tickets for to
morrow's opening game against
San Jose State. Freshmen will
be admitted by showing their
freshman identification badges
and returning students by show
ing their last spring or summer
quarter's student body cards.
Prices for other games arc:
Northwestern, $1; UCLA. $1.75;
Southern California at the Coli
seum in Los Angeles on Nov. 9,
SI .75, and California, $2.
Student tickets for all Stanford
home football games and the
Southern California game in Los
Angeles will be on sale Monday,
Tuesday and Wednesday, 8:30
a.m. to 4 p.m., at the ticket
booths in the Pavilion. No stu
dent tickets will be sold at the
games.
There vvill be no tickets for to
morrow's opening game against
San Jose State. Freshmen will
be admitted by showing their
freshman identification badges
and returning students by show
ing their last spring or summer
quarter's student body cards.
Prices for other games arc:
Northwestern, $1; UCLA. $1.75;
Southern California at the Coli
seum in Los Angeles on Nov. 9,
SI .75, and California, $2.
Student tickets for all Stanford
home football games and the
Southern California game in Los
Angeles will be on sale Monday,
Tuesday and Wednesday, 8:30
a.m. to 4 p.m., at the ticket
booths in the Pavilion. No stu
dent tickets will be sold at the
games.
There vvill be no tickets for to
morrow's opening game against
San Jose State. Freshmen will
be admitted by showing their
freshman identification badges
and returning students by show
ing their last spring or summer
quarter's student body cards.
Prices for other games arc:
Northwestern, $1; UCLA. $1.75;
Southern California at the Coli
seum in Los Angeles on Nov. 9,
SI .75, and California, $2.
Student tickets for all Stanford
home football games and the
Southern California game in Los
Angeles will be on sale Monday,
Tuesday and Wednesday, 8:30
a.m. to 4 p.m., at the ticket
booths in the Pavilion. No stu
dent tickets will be sold at the
games.
There vvill be no tickets for to
morrow's opening game against
San Jose State. Freshmen will
be admitted by showing their
freshman identification badges
and returning students by show
ing their last spring or summer
quarter's student body cards.
Prices for other games arc:
Northwestern, $1; UCLA. $1.75;
Southern California at the Coli
seum in Los Angeles on Nov. 9,
SI .75, and California, $2.
