# Adv. 12 Page 5
## 
### 
Check Out the Stanford University
LIBRARIES
Stanford's libraries offer all kinds of
information resources and services,
from rare books to IT support in the
residences.
® Over 20 Libraries
libraries.stanford.edu
w Books & More
searchworks.stanford.edu
# Research Help
library.stanford.edu/ask
® Subject Librarians
librarians.stanford.edu
® Student Jobs & Other Information
library.stanford.edu/jobs
® The Libraries on Facebook
facebook.com/greenlibrary
library.stanford.edu
Check Out the Stanford University
LIBRARIES
Stanford's libraries offer all kinds of
information resources and services,
from rare books to IT support in the
residences.
® Over 20 Libraries
libraries.stanford.edu
w Books & More
searchworks.stanford.edu
# Research Help
library.stanford.edu/ask
® Subject Librarians
librarians.stanford.edu
® Student Jobs & Other Information
library.stanford.edu/jobs
® The Libraries on Facebook
facebook.com/greenlibrary
library.stanford.edu
Check Out the Stanford University
LIBRARIES
Stanford's libraries offer all kinds of
information resources and services,
from rare books to IT support in the
residences.
® Over 20 Libraries
libraries.stanford.edu
w Books & More
searchworks.stanford.edu
# Research Help
library.stanford.edu/ask
® Subject Librarians
librarians.stanford.edu
® Student Jobs & Other Information
library.stanford.edu/jobs
® The Libraries on Facebook
facebook.com/greenlibrary
library.stanford.edu
Check Out the Stanford University
LIBRARIES
Stanford's libraries offer all kinds of
information resources and services,
from rare books to IT support in the
residences.
® Over 20 Libraries
libraries.stanford.edu
w Books & More
searchworks.stanford.edu
# Research Help
library.stanford.edu/ask
® Subject Librarians
librarians.stanford.edu
® Student Jobs & Other Information
library.stanford.edu/jobs
® The Libraries on Facebook
facebook.com/greenlibrary
library.stanford.edu
Check Out the Stanford University
LIBRARIES
Stanford's libraries offer all kinds of
information resources and services,
from rare books to IT support in the
residences.
® Over 20 Libraries
libraries.stanford.edu
w Books & More
searchworks.stanford.edu
# Research Help
library.stanford.edu/ask
® Subject Librarians
librarians.stanford.edu
® Student Jobs & Other Information
library.stanford.edu/jobs
® The Libraries on Facebook
facebook.com/greenlibrary
library.stanford.edu
Check Out the Stanford University
LIBRARIES
Stanford's libraries offer all kinds of
information resources and services,
from rare books to IT support in the
residences.
® Over 20 Libraries
libraries.stanford.edu
w Books & More
searchworks.stanford.edu
# Research Help
library.stanford.edu/ask
® Subject Librarians
librarians.stanford.edu
® Student Jobs & Other Information
library.stanford.edu/jobs
® The Libraries on Facebook
facebook.com/greenlibrary
library.stanford.edu
Check Out the Stanford University
LIBRARIES
Stanford's libraries offer all kinds of
information resources and services,
from rare books to IT support in the
residences.
® Over 20 Libraries
libraries.stanford.edu
w Books & More
searchworks.stanford.edu
# Research Help
library.stanford.edu/ask
® Subject Librarians
librarians.stanford.edu
® Student Jobs & Other Information
library.stanford.edu/jobs
® The Libraries on Facebook
facebook.com/greenlibrary
library.stanford.edu
