# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It is requested that persons vis
iting the editorial rooms of this pa
per will not remove without per
mission any of the college dailies
kept there. We "need them in our
business."
It is requested that persons vis
iting the editorial rooms of this pa
per will not remove without per
mission any of the college dailies
kept there. We "need them in our
business."
It is requested that persons vis
iting the editorial rooms of this pa
per will not remove without per
mission any of the college dailies
kept there. We "need them in our
business."
It is requested that persons vis
iting the editorial rooms of this pa
per will not remove without per
mission any of the college dailies
kept there. We "need them in our
business."
It is requested that persons vis
iting the editorial rooms of this pa
per will not remove without per
mission any of the college dailies
kept there. We "need them in our
business."
