# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It is desirable that something
should be done to stimulate our
poets. Stanford is in sore need of
songs characteristic of her student
life, but as yet no one has shown
any great inclination to supply the
need. A prize of ten dollars has
just been offered by the publishers
of the Thanksgiving souvenir for
the words of a Stanford song. Jt
remains to be seen whether an offer
of this kind will tempt the muses.
It is desirable that something
should be done to stimulate our
poets. Stanford is in sore need of
songs characteristic of her student
life, but as yet no one has shown
any great inclination to supply the
need. A prize of ten dollars has
just been offered by the publishers
of the Thanksgiving souvenir for
the words of a Stanford song. Jt
remains to be seen whether an offer
of this kind will tempt the muses.
It is desirable that something
should be done to stimulate our
poets. Stanford is in sore need of
songs characteristic of her student
life, but as yet no one has shown
any great inclination to supply the
need. A prize of ten dollars has
just been offered by the publishers
of the Thanksgiving souvenir for
the words of a Stanford song. Jt
remains to be seen whether an offer
of this kind will tempt the muses.
It is desirable that something
should be done to stimulate our
poets. Stanford is in sore need of
songs characteristic of her student
life, but as yet no one has shown
any great inclination to supply the
need. A prize of ten dollars has
just been offered by the publishers
of the Thanksgiving souvenir for
the words of a Stanford song. Jt
remains to be seen whether an offer
of this kind will tempt the muses.
It is desirable that something
should be done to stimulate our
poets. Stanford is in sore need of
songs characteristic of her student
life, but as yet no one has shown
any great inclination to supply the
need. A prize of ten dollars has
just been offered by the publishers
of the Thanksgiving souvenir for
the words of a Stanford song. Jt
remains to be seen whether an offer
of this kind will tempt the muses.
