# Lester Bunds, â€™20, Engaged
## 
### 
Miss Beatrice Morgan of Santa Clara
has announced her engagement to Les
ter Bunds, '20, also of Santa Clara.
Miss Beatrice Morgan of Santa Clara
has announced her engagement to Les
ter Bunds, '20, also of Santa Clara.
Miss Beatrice Morgan of Santa Clara
has announced her engagement to Les
ter Bunds, '20, also of Santa Clara.
Miss Beatrice Morgan of Santa Clara
has announced her engagement to Les
ter Bunds, '20, also of Santa Clara.
Miss Beatrice Morgan of Santa Clara
has announced her engagement to Les
ter Bunds, '20, also of Santa Clara.
Miss Beatrice Morgan of Santa Clara
has announced her engagement to Les
ter Bunds, '20, also of Santa Clara.
Miss Beatrice Morgan of Santa Clara
has announced her engagement to Les
ter Bunds, '20, also of Santa Clara.
Miss Beatrice Morgan of Santa Clara
has announced her engagement to Les
ter Bunds, '20, also of Santa Clara.
Miss Beatrice Morgan of Santa Clara
has announced her engagement to Les
ter Bunds, '20, also of Santa Clara.
Miss Beatrice Morgan of Santa Clara
has announced her engagement to Les
ter Bunds, '20, also of Santa Clara.
Miss Beatrice Morgan of Santa Clara
has announced her engagement to Les
ter Bunds, '20, also of Santa Clara.
Miss Beatrice Morgan of Santa Clara
has announced her engagement to Les
ter Bunds, '20, also of Santa Clara.
Miss Beatrice Morgan of Santa Clara
has announced her engagement to Les
ter Bunds, '20, also of Santa Clara.
Miss Beatrice Morgan of Santa Clara
has announced her engagement to Les
ter Bunds, '20, also of Santa Clara.
Miss Beatrice Morgan of Santa Clara
has announced her engagement to Les
ter Bunds, '20, also of Santa Clara.
