# SENIOR AND JUNIOR NET STARS TO MEET
## 
### 
Senior and junior tennis players will
meet on the varsity courts Monday
afternoon at 1:30 in an interclass ten
nis tournament. These matches were
originally scheduled for yesterday,
but they were postponed because of
Junior Week activities.
The seniors are putting a strong
combination on the court and the jun
iors will be forced to the limit to win.
Phil Neer and Jim Pavies, intercolle
giate doubles champions of. the United
States; Ted Mertz, next year's varsity
tennis captain, and Ford Tussing, var
sity man, are on the senior squad. The
juniors also have a strong team with
Hinckley, varsity captain this year,
and Deßack, Mannoccir, and Leeds.
Ted Mertz is managing the senior
players while A1 Huneke is in charge
of the juniors.
The complete senior lineup is as fol
lows: Davies, Neer, Tussing, Williard,
Craig, Brown, Trago, and Mertz. Nine
teen twenty-four is represented by the
following men: Hinckley, Deßack,
Mannoccir, Leeds, Greppin, McHose,
Farley, Hofflund, Edwards, and Hu
neke.
Senior and junior tennis players will
meet on the varsity courts Monday
afternoon at 1:30 in an interclass ten
nis tournament. These matches were
originally scheduled for yesterday,
but they were postponed because of
Junior Week activities.
The seniors are putting a strong
combination on the court and the jun
iors will be forced to the limit to win.
Phil Neer and Jim Pavies, intercolle
giate doubles champions of. the United
States; Ted Mertz, next year's varsity
tennis captain, and Ford Tussing, var
sity man, are on the senior squad. The
juniors also have a strong team with
Hinckley, varsity captain this year,
and Deßack, Mannoccir, and Leeds.
Ted Mertz is managing the senior
players while A1 Huneke is in charge
of the juniors.
The complete senior lineup is as fol
lows: Davies, Neer, Tussing, Williard,
Craig, Brown, Trago, and Mertz. Nine
teen twenty-four is represented by the
following men: Hinckley, Deßack,
Mannoccir, Leeds, Greppin, McHose,
Farley, Hofflund, Edwards, and Hu
neke.
Senior and junior tennis players will
meet on the varsity courts Monday
afternoon at 1:30 in an interclass ten
nis tournament. These matches were
originally scheduled for yesterday,
but they were postponed because of
Junior Week activities.
The seniors are putting a strong
combination on the court and the jun
iors will be forced to the limit to win.
Phil Neer and Jim Pavies, intercolle
giate doubles champions of. the United
States; Ted Mertz, next year's varsity
tennis captain, and Ford Tussing, var
sity man, are on the senior squad. The
juniors also have a strong team with
Hinckley, varsity captain this year,
and Deßack, Mannoccir, and Leeds.
Ted Mertz is managing the senior
players while A1 Huneke is in charge
of the juniors.
The complete senior lineup is as fol
lows: Davies, Neer, Tussing, Williard,
Craig, Brown, Trago, and Mertz. Nine
teen twenty-four is represented by the
following men: Hinckley, Deßack,
Mannoccir, Leeds, Greppin, McHose,
Farley, Hofflund, Edwards, and Hu
neke.
Senior and junior tennis players will
meet on the varsity courts Monday
afternoon at 1:30 in an interclass ten
nis tournament. These matches were
originally scheduled for yesterday,
but they were postponed because of
Junior Week activities.
The seniors are putting a strong
combination on the court and the jun
iors will be forced to the limit to win.
Phil Neer and Jim Pavies, intercolle
giate doubles champions of. the United
States; Ted Mertz, next year's varsity
tennis captain, and Ford Tussing, var
sity man, are on the senior squad. The
juniors also have a strong team with
Hinckley, varsity captain this year,
and Deßack, Mannoccir, and Leeds.
Ted Mertz is managing the senior
players while A1 Huneke is in charge
of the juniors.
The complete senior lineup is as fol
lows: Davies, Neer, Tussing, Williard,
Craig, Brown, Trago, and Mertz. Nine
teen twenty-four is represented by the
following men: Hinckley, Deßack,
Mannoccir, Leeds, Greppin, McHose,
Farley, Hofflund, Edwards, and Hu
neke.
Senior and junior tennis players will
meet on the varsity courts Monday
afternoon at 1:30 in an interclass ten
nis tournament. These matches were
originally scheduled for yesterday,
but they were postponed because of
Junior Week activities.
The seniors are putting a strong
combination on the court and the jun
iors will be forced to the limit to win.
Phil Neer and Jim Pavies, intercolle
giate doubles champions of. the United
States; Ted Mertz, next year's varsity
tennis captain, and Ford Tussing, var
sity man, are on the senior squad. The
juniors also have a strong team with
Hinckley, varsity captain this year,
and Deßack, Mannoccir, and Leeds.
Ted Mertz is managing the senior
players while A1 Huneke is in charge
of the juniors.
The complete senior lineup is as fol
lows: Davies, Neer, Tussing, Williard,
Craig, Brown, Trago, and Mertz. Nine
teen twenty-four is represented by the
following men: Hinckley, Deßack,
Mannoccir, Leeds, Greppin, McHose,
Farley, Hofflund, Edwards, and Hu
neke.
Senior and junior tennis players will
meet on the varsity courts Monday
afternoon at 1:30 in an interclass ten
nis tournament. These matches were
originally scheduled for yesterday,
but they were postponed because of
Junior Week activities.
The seniors are putting a strong
combination on the court and the jun
iors will be forced to the limit to win.
Phil Neer and Jim Pavies, intercolle
giate doubles champions of. the United
States; Ted Mertz, next year's varsity
tennis captain, and Ford Tussing, var
sity man, are on the senior squad. The
juniors also have a strong team with
Hinckley, varsity captain this year,
and Deßack, Mannoccir, and Leeds.
Ted Mertz is managing the senior
players while A1 Huneke is in charge
of the juniors.
The complete senior lineup is as fol
lows: Davies, Neer, Tussing, Williard,
Craig, Brown, Trago, and Mertz. Nine
teen twenty-four is represented by the
following men: Hinckley, Deßack,
Mannoccir, Leeds, Greppin, McHose,
Farley, Hofflund, Edwards, and Hu
neke.
Senior and junior tennis players will
meet on the varsity courts Monday
afternoon at 1:30 in an interclass ten
nis tournament. These matches were
originally scheduled for yesterday,
but they were postponed because of
Junior Week activities.
The seniors are putting a strong
combination on the court and the jun
iors will be forced to the limit to win.
Phil Neer and Jim Pavies, intercolle
giate doubles champions of. the United
States; Ted Mertz, next year's varsity
tennis captain, and Ford Tussing, var
sity man, are on the senior squad. The
juniors also have a strong team with
Hinckley, varsity captain this year,
and Deßack, Mannoccir, and Leeds.
Ted Mertz is managing the senior
players while A1 Huneke is in charge
of the juniors.
The complete senior lineup is as fol
lows: Davies, Neer, Tussing, Williard,
Craig, Brown, Trago, and Mertz. Nine
teen twenty-four is represented by the
following men: Hinckley, Deßack,
Mannoccir, Leeds, Greppin, McHose,
Farley, Hofflund, Edwards, and Hu
neke.
Senior and junior tennis players will
meet on the varsity courts Monday
afternoon at 1:30 in an interclass ten
nis tournament. These matches were
originally scheduled for yesterday,
but they were postponed because of
Junior Week activities.
The seniors are putting a strong
combination on the court and the jun
iors will be forced to the limit to win.
Phil Neer and Jim Pavies, intercolle
giate doubles champions of. the United
States; Ted Mertz, next year's varsity
tennis captain, and Ford Tussing, var
sity man, are on the senior squad. The
juniors also have a strong team with
Hinckley, varsity captain this year,
and Deßack, Mannoccir, and Leeds.
Ted Mertz is managing the senior
players while A1 Huneke is in charge
of the juniors.
The complete senior lineup is as fol
lows: Davies, Neer, Tussing, Williard,
Craig, Brown, Trago, and Mertz. Nine
teen twenty-four is represented by the
following men: Hinckley, Deßack,
Mannoccir, Leeds, Greppin, McHose,
Farley, Hofflund, Edwards, and Hu
neke.
Senior and junior tennis players will
meet on the varsity courts Monday
afternoon at 1:30 in an interclass ten
nis tournament. These matches were
originally scheduled for yesterday,
but they were postponed because of
Junior Week activities.
The seniors are putting a strong
combination on the court and the jun
iors will be forced to the limit to win.
Phil Neer and Jim Pavies, intercolle
giate doubles champions of. the United
States; Ted Mertz, next year's varsity
tennis captain, and Ford Tussing, var
sity man, are on the senior squad. The
juniors also have a strong team with
Hinckley, varsity captain this year,
and Deßack, Mannoccir, and Leeds.
Ted Mertz is managing the senior
players while A1 Huneke is in charge
of the juniors.
The complete senior lineup is as fol
lows: Davies, Neer, Tussing, Williard,
Craig, Brown, Trago, and Mertz. Nine
teen twenty-four is represented by the
following men: Hinckley, Deßack,
Mannoccir, Leeds, Greppin, McHose,
Farley, Hofflund, Edwards, and Hu
neke.
Senior and junior tennis players will
meet on the varsity courts Monday
afternoon at 1:30 in an interclass ten
nis tournament. These matches were
originally scheduled for yesterday,
but they were postponed because of
Junior Week activities.
The seniors are putting a strong
combination on the court and the jun
iors will be forced to the limit to win.
Phil Neer and Jim Pavies, intercolle
giate doubles champions of. the United
States; Ted Mertz, next year's varsity
tennis captain, and Ford Tussing, var
sity man, are on the senior squad. The
juniors also have a strong team with
Hinckley, varsity captain this year,
and Deßack, Mannoccir, and Leeds.
Ted Mertz is managing the senior
players while A1 Huneke is in charge
of the juniors.
The complete senior lineup is as fol
lows: Davies, Neer, Tussing, Williard,
Craig, Brown, Trago, and Mertz. Nine
teen twenty-four is represented by the
following men: Hinckley, Deßack,
Mannoccir, Leeds, Greppin, McHose,
Farley, Hofflund, Edwards, and Hu
neke.
Senior and junior tennis players will
meet on the varsity courts Monday
afternoon at 1:30 in an interclass ten
nis tournament. These matches were
originally scheduled for yesterday,
but they were postponed because of
Junior Week activities.
The seniors are putting a strong
combination on the court and the jun
iors will be forced to the limit to win.
Phil Neer and Jim Pavies, intercolle
giate doubles champions of. the United
States; Ted Mertz, next year's varsity
tennis captain, and Ford Tussing, var
sity man, are on the senior squad. The
juniors also have a strong team with
Hinckley, varsity captain this year,
and Deßack, Mannoccir, and Leeds.
Ted Mertz is managing the senior
players while A1 Huneke is in charge
of the juniors.
The complete senior lineup is as fol
lows: Davies, Neer, Tussing, Williard,
Craig, Brown, Trago, and Mertz. Nine
teen twenty-four is represented by the
following men: Hinckley, Deßack,
Mannoccir, Leeds, Greppin, McHose,
Farley, Hofflund, Edwards, and Hu
neke.
Senior and junior tennis players will
meet on the varsity courts Monday
afternoon at 1:30 in an interclass ten
nis tournament. These matches were
originally scheduled for yesterday,
but they were postponed because of
Junior Week activities.
The seniors are putting a strong
combination on the court and the jun
iors will be forced to the limit to win.
Phil Neer and Jim Pavies, intercolle
giate doubles champions of. the United
States; Ted Mertz, next year's varsity
tennis captain, and Ford Tussing, var
sity man, are on the senior squad. The
juniors also have a strong team with
Hinckley, varsity captain this year,
and Deßack, Mannoccir, and Leeds.
Ted Mertz is managing the senior
players while A1 Huneke is in charge
of the juniors.
The complete senior lineup is as fol
lows: Davies, Neer, Tussing, Williard,
Craig, Brown, Trago, and Mertz. Nine
teen twenty-four is represented by the
following men: Hinckley, Deßack,
Mannoccir, Leeds, Greppin, McHose,
Farley, Hofflund, Edwards, and Hu
neke.
Senior and junior tennis players will
meet on the varsity courts Monday
afternoon at 1:30 in an interclass ten
nis tournament. These matches were
originally scheduled for yesterday,
but they were postponed because of
Junior Week activities.
The seniors are putting a strong
combination on the court and the jun
iors will be forced to the limit to win.
Phil Neer and Jim Pavies, intercolle
giate doubles champions of. the United
States; Ted Mertz, next year's varsity
tennis captain, and Ford Tussing, var
sity man, are on the senior squad. The
juniors also have a strong team with
Hinckley, varsity captain this year,
and Deßack, Mannoccir, and Leeds.
Ted Mertz is managing the senior
players while A1 Huneke is in charge
of the juniors.
The complete senior lineup is as fol
lows: Davies, Neer, Tussing, Williard,
Craig, Brown, Trago, and Mertz. Nine
teen twenty-four is represented by the
following men: Hinckley, Deßack,
Mannoccir, Leeds, Greppin, McHose,
Farley, Hofflund, Edwards, and Hu
neke.
Senior and junior tennis players will
meet on the varsity courts Monday
afternoon at 1:30 in an interclass ten
nis tournament. These matches were
originally scheduled for yesterday,
but they were postponed because of
Junior Week activities.
The seniors are putting a strong
combination on the court and the jun
iors will be forced to the limit to win.
Phil Neer and Jim Pavies, intercolle
giate doubles champions of. the United
States; Ted Mertz, next year's varsity
tennis captain, and Ford Tussing, var
sity man, are on the senior squad. The
juniors also have a strong team with
Hinckley, varsity captain this year,
and Deßack, Mannoccir, and Leeds.
Ted Mertz is managing the senior
players while A1 Huneke is in charge
of the juniors.
The complete senior lineup is as fol
lows: Davies, Neer, Tussing, Williard,
Craig, Brown, Trago, and Mertz. Nine
teen twenty-four is represented by the
following men: Hinckley, Deßack,
Mannoccir, Leeds, Greppin, McHose,
Farley, Hofflund, Edwards, and Hu
neke.
Senior and junior tennis players will
meet on the varsity courts Monday
afternoon at 1:30 in an interclass ten
nis tournament. These matches were
originally scheduled for yesterday,
but they were postponed because of
Junior Week activities.
The seniors are putting a strong
combination on the court and the jun
iors will be forced to the limit to win.
Phil Neer and Jim Pavies, intercolle
giate doubles champions of. the United
States; Ted Mertz, next year's varsity
tennis captain, and Ford Tussing, var
sity man, are on the senior squad. The
juniors also have a strong team with
Hinckley, varsity captain this year,
and Deßack, Mannoccir, and Leeds.
Ted Mertz is managing the senior
players while A1 Huneke is in charge
of the juniors.
The complete senior lineup is as fol
lows: Davies, Neer, Tussing, Williard,
Craig, Brown, Trago, and Mertz. Nine
teen twenty-four is represented by the
following men: Hinckley, Deßack,
Mannoccir, Leeds, Greppin, McHose,
Farley, Hofflund, Edwards, and Hu
neke.
