# Oratorical Contest to Be Held Tuesday Night
## 
### 
Six students of the University have
entered the oratorical contest to be
held Tuesday evening in the Little
Theater. The subject, "The Constitu
tion, Our Citadel of Freedom," was
voted by the Southern California Citi
zens Committee as the topic for dis
cussion. This event, which is under
the auspices of the committee on regu
lar Tuesday evening programs, will be
presided over by Professor E. Robin
son. chairman.
There will be five judges. Professor
R. M. Aldman of the English depart
ment and the Rev. Mr. Thorpe of the
First Congregational Church of Palo
Alto have already been selected. The
competitors are D. Mallory, F. Sten
berg, J. Anglim, Knox Miller, Robert
Lewis, and A1 Huneke.
Six students of the University have
entered the oratorical contest to be
held Tuesday evening in the Little
Theater. The subject, "The Constitu
tion, Our Citadel of Freedom," was
voted by the Southern California Citi
zens Committee as the topic for dis
cussion. This event, which is under
the auspices of the committee on regu
lar Tuesday evening programs, will be
presided over by Professor E. Robin
son. chairman.
There will be five judges. Professor
R. M. Aldman of the English depart
ment and the Rev. Mr. Thorpe of the
First Congregational Church of Palo
Alto have already been selected. The
competitors are D. Mallory, F. Sten
berg, J. Anglim, Knox Miller, Robert
Lewis, and A1 Huneke.
Six students of the University have
entered the oratorical contest to be
held Tuesday evening in the Little
Theater. The subject, "The Constitu
tion, Our Citadel of Freedom," was
voted by the Southern California Citi
zens Committee as the topic for dis
cussion. This event, which is under
the auspices of the committee on regu
lar Tuesday evening programs, will be
presided over by Professor E. Robin
son. chairman.
There will be five judges. Professor
R. M. Aldman of the English depart
ment and the Rev. Mr. Thorpe of the
First Congregational Church of Palo
Alto have already been selected. The
competitors are D. Mallory, F. Sten
berg, J. Anglim, Knox Miller, Robert
Lewis, and A1 Huneke.
Six students of the University have
entered the oratorical contest to be
held Tuesday evening in the Little
Theater. The subject, "The Constitu
tion, Our Citadel of Freedom," was
voted by the Southern California Citi
zens Committee as the topic for dis
cussion. This event, which is under
the auspices of the committee on regu
lar Tuesday evening programs, will be
presided over by Professor E. Robin
son. chairman.
There will be five judges. Professor
R. M. Aldman of the English depart
ment and the Rev. Mr. Thorpe of the
First Congregational Church of Palo
Alto have already been selected. The
competitors are D. Mallory, F. Sten
berg, J. Anglim, Knox Miller, Robert
Lewis, and A1 Huneke.
Six students of the University have
entered the oratorical contest to be
held Tuesday evening in the Little
Theater. The subject, "The Constitu
tion, Our Citadel of Freedom," was
voted by the Southern California Citi
zens Committee as the topic for dis
cussion. This event, which is under
the auspices of the committee on regu
lar Tuesday evening programs, will be
presided over by Professor E. Robin
son. chairman.
There will be five judges. Professor
R. M. Aldman of the English depart
ment and the Rev. Mr. Thorpe of the
First Congregational Church of Palo
Alto have already been selected. The
competitors are D. Mallory, F. Sten
berg, J. Anglim, Knox Miller, Robert
Lewis, and A1 Huneke.
Six students of the University have
entered the oratorical contest to be
held Tuesday evening in the Little
Theater. The subject, "The Constitu
tion, Our Citadel of Freedom," was
voted by the Southern California Citi
zens Committee as the topic for dis
cussion. This event, which is under
the auspices of the committee on regu
lar Tuesday evening programs, will be
presided over by Professor E. Robin
son. chairman.
There will be five judges. Professor
R. M. Aldman of the English depart
ment and the Rev. Mr. Thorpe of the
First Congregational Church of Palo
Alto have already been selected. The
competitors are D. Mallory, F. Sten
berg, J. Anglim, Knox Miller, Robert
Lewis, and A1 Huneke.
Six students of the University have
entered the oratorical contest to be
held Tuesday evening in the Little
Theater. The subject, "The Constitu
tion, Our Citadel of Freedom," was
voted by the Southern California Citi
zens Committee as the topic for dis
cussion. This event, which is under
the auspices of the committee on regu
lar Tuesday evening programs, will be
presided over by Professor E. Robin
son. chairman.
There will be five judges. Professor
R. M. Aldman of the English depart
ment and the Rev. Mr. Thorpe of the
First Congregational Church of Palo
Alto have already been selected. The
competitors are D. Mallory, F. Sten
berg, J. Anglim, Knox Miller, Robert
Lewis, and A1 Huneke.
Six students of the University have
entered the oratorical contest to be
held Tuesday evening in the Little
Theater. The subject, "The Constitu
tion, Our Citadel of Freedom," was
voted by the Southern California Citi
zens Committee as the topic for dis
cussion. This event, which is under
the auspices of the committee on regu
lar Tuesday evening programs, will be
presided over by Professor E. Robin
son. chairman.
There will be five judges. Professor
R. M. Aldman of the English depart
ment and the Rev. Mr. Thorpe of the
First Congregational Church of Palo
Alto have already been selected. The
competitors are D. Mallory, F. Sten
berg, J. Anglim, Knox Miller, Robert
Lewis, and A1 Huneke.
Six students of the University have
entered the oratorical contest to be
held Tuesday evening in the Little
Theater. The subject, "The Constitu
tion, Our Citadel of Freedom," was
voted by the Southern California Citi
zens Committee as the topic for dis
cussion. This event, which is under
the auspices of the committee on regu
lar Tuesday evening programs, will be
presided over by Professor E. Robin
son. chairman.
There will be five judges. Professor
R. M. Aldman of the English depart
ment and the Rev. Mr. Thorpe of the
First Congregational Church of Palo
Alto have already been selected. The
competitors are D. Mallory, F. Sten
berg, J. Anglim, Knox Miller, Robert
Lewis, and A1 Huneke.
Six students of the University have
entered the oratorical contest to be
held Tuesday evening in the Little
Theater. The subject, "The Constitu
tion, Our Citadel of Freedom," was
voted by the Southern California Citi
zens Committee as the topic for dis
cussion. This event, which is under
the auspices of the committee on regu
lar Tuesday evening programs, will be
presided over by Professor E. Robin
son. chairman.
There will be five judges. Professor
R. M. Aldman of the English depart
ment and the Rev. Mr. Thorpe of the
First Congregational Church of Palo
Alto have already been selected. The
competitors are D. Mallory, F. Sten
berg, J. Anglim, Knox Miller, Robert
Lewis, and A1 Huneke.
Six students of the University have
entered the oratorical contest to be
held Tuesday evening in the Little
Theater. The subject, "The Constitu
tion, Our Citadel of Freedom," was
voted by the Southern California Citi
zens Committee as the topic for dis
cussion. This event, which is under
the auspices of the committee on regu
lar Tuesday evening programs, will be
presided over by Professor E. Robin
son. chairman.
There will be five judges. Professor
R. M. Aldman of the English depart
ment and the Rev. Mr. Thorpe of the
First Congregational Church of Palo
Alto have already been selected. The
competitors are D. Mallory, F. Sten
berg, J. Anglim, Knox Miller, Robert
Lewis, and A1 Huneke.
Six students of the University have
entered the oratorical contest to be
held Tuesday evening in the Little
Theater. The subject, "The Constitu
tion, Our Citadel of Freedom," was
voted by the Southern California Citi
zens Committee as the topic for dis
cussion. This event, which is under
the auspices of the committee on regu
lar Tuesday evening programs, will be
presided over by Professor E. Robin
son. chairman.
There will be five judges. Professor
R. M. Aldman of the English depart
ment and the Rev. Mr. Thorpe of the
First Congregational Church of Palo
Alto have already been selected. The
competitors are D. Mallory, F. Sten
berg, J. Anglim, Knox Miller, Robert
Lewis, and A1 Huneke.
Six students of the University have
entered the oratorical contest to be
held Tuesday evening in the Little
Theater. The subject, "The Constitu
tion, Our Citadel of Freedom," was
voted by the Southern California Citi
zens Committee as the topic for dis
cussion. This event, which is under
the auspices of the committee on regu
lar Tuesday evening programs, will be
presided over by Professor E. Robin
son. chairman.
There will be five judges. Professor
R. M. Aldman of the English depart
ment and the Rev. Mr. Thorpe of the
First Congregational Church of Palo
Alto have already been selected. The
competitors are D. Mallory, F. Sten
berg, J. Anglim, Knox Miller, Robert
Lewis, and A1 Huneke.
Six students of the University have
entered the oratorical contest to be
held Tuesday evening in the Little
Theater. The subject, "The Constitu
tion, Our Citadel of Freedom," was
voted by the Southern California Citi
zens Committee as the topic for dis
cussion. This event, which is under
the auspices of the committee on regu
lar Tuesday evening programs, will be
presided over by Professor E. Robin
son. chairman.
There will be five judges. Professor
R. M. Aldman of the English depart
ment and the Rev. Mr. Thorpe of the
First Congregational Church of Palo
Alto have already been selected. The
competitors are D. Mallory, F. Sten
berg, J. Anglim, Knox Miller, Robert
Lewis, and A1 Huneke.
Six students of the University have
entered the oratorical contest to be
held Tuesday evening in the Little
Theater. The subject, "The Constitu
tion, Our Citadel of Freedom," was
voted by the Southern California Citi
zens Committee as the topic for dis
cussion. This event, which is under
the auspices of the committee on regu
lar Tuesday evening programs, will be
presided over by Professor E. Robin
son. chairman.
There will be five judges. Professor
R. M. Aldman of the English depart
ment and the Rev. Mr. Thorpe of the
First Congregational Church of Palo
Alto have already been selected. The
competitors are D. Mallory, F. Sten
berg, J. Anglim, Knox Miller, Robert
Lewis, and A1 Huneke.
