# HOT JAZZ MEETING
## 
### 
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its weekily meeting tonight at
8 p.m. in the Music Listening room,
according to Joanne Schipp, presi
dent.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its weekily meeting tonight at
8 p.m. in the Music Listening room,
according to Joanne Schipp, presi
dent.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its weekily meeting tonight at
8 p.m. in the Music Listening room,
according to Joanne Schipp, presi
dent.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its weekily meeting tonight at
8 p.m. in the Music Listening room,
according to Joanne Schipp, presi
dent.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its weekily meeting tonight at
8 p.m. in the Music Listening room,
according to Joanne Schipp, presi
dent.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its weekily meeting tonight at
8 p.m. in the Music Listening room,
according to Joanne Schipp, presi
dent.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its weekily meeting tonight at
8 p.m. in the Music Listening room,
according to Joanne Schipp, presi
dent.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its weekily meeting tonight at
8 p.m. in the Music Listening room,
according to Joanne Schipp, presi
dent.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its weekily meeting tonight at
8 p.m. in the Music Listening room,
according to Joanne Schipp, presi
dent.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its weekily meeting tonight at
8 p.m. in the Music Listening room,
according to Joanne Schipp, presi
dent.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its weekily meeting tonight at
8 p.m. in the Music Listening room,
according to Joanne Schipp, presi
dent.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its weekily meeting tonight at
8 p.m. in the Music Listening room,
according to Joanne Schipp, presi
dent.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its weekily meeting tonight at
8 p.m. in the Music Listening room,
according to Joanne Schipp, presi
dent.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its weekily meeting tonight at
8 p.m. in the Music Listening room,
according to Joanne Schipp, presi
dent.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its weekily meeting tonight at
8 p.m. in the Music Listening room,
according to Joanne Schipp, presi
dent.
