# Adv. 34 Page 8
## 
### 
Weekend Tidbits
wafch the hack page of
every Friday's Daily for
restauranJ and amuse
ment advertisements.
Weekend Tidbits
Weekend Tidbits
wafch the hack page of
every Friday's Daily for
restauranJ and amuse
ment advertisements.
Weekend Tidbits
Weekend Tidbits
wafch the hack page of
every Friday's Daily for
restauranJ and amuse
ment advertisements.
Weekend Tidbits
Weekend Tidbits
wafch the hack page of
every Friday's Daily for
restauranJ and amuse
ment advertisements.
Weekend Tidbits
Weekend Tidbits
wafch the hack page of
every Friday's Daily for
restauranJ and amuse
ment advertisements.
Weekend Tidbits
Weekend Tidbits
wafch the hack page of
every Friday's Daily for
restauranJ and amuse
ment advertisements.
Weekend Tidbits
Weekend Tidbits
wafch the hack page of
every Friday's Daily for
restauranJ and amuse
ment advertisements.
Weekend Tidbits
Weekend Tidbits
wafch the hack page of
every Friday's Daily for
restauranJ and amuse
ment advertisements.
Weekend Tidbits
Weekend Tidbits
wafch the hack page of
every Friday's Daily for
restauranJ and amuse
ment advertisements.
Weekend Tidbits
Weekend Tidbits
wafch the hack page of
every Friday's Daily for
restauranJ and amuse
ment advertisements.
Weekend Tidbits
Weekend Tidbits
wafch the hack page of
every Friday's Daily for
restauranJ and amuse
ment advertisements.
Weekend Tidbits
Weekend Tidbits
wafch the hack page of
every Friday's Daily for
restauranJ and amuse
ment advertisements.
Weekend Tidbits
Weekend Tidbits
wafch the hack page of
every Friday's Daily for
restauranJ and amuse
ment advertisements.
Weekend Tidbits
Weekend Tidbits
wafch the hack page of
every Friday's Daily for
restauranJ and amuse
ment advertisements.
Weekend Tidbits
Weekend Tidbits
wafch the hack page of
every Friday's Daily for
restauranJ and amuse
ment advertisements.
Weekend Tidbits
Weekend Tidbits
wafch the hack page of
every Friday's Daily for
restauranJ and amuse
ment advertisements.
Weekend Tidbits
