# Friday Is Deadline To Pay Board Bills
## 
### 
Students will have until next
Friday to pay their room and board
bills for spring quarter without
paying a fine, according to John P.
Clarkin, assistant controller.
Bills may be paid at the cash
ier's office in Building 1, Inner
Quad, from 8 a.m. to 5 p.in. every
day except Saturday and Sunday.
Students living at the Village may
pay their room and board bills at
the Village cashier's office.
Students will have until next
Friday to pay their room and board
bills for spring quarter without
paying a fine, according to John P.
Clarkin, assistant controller.
Bills may be paid at the cash
ier's office in Building 1, Inner
Quad, from 8 a.m. to 5 p.in. every
day except Saturday and Sunday.
Students living at the Village may
pay their room and board bills at
the Village cashier's office.
Students will have until next
Friday to pay their room and board
bills for spring quarter without
paying a fine, according to John P.
Clarkin, assistant controller.
Bills may be paid at the cash
ier's office in Building 1, Inner
Quad, from 8 a.m. to 5 p.in. every
day except Saturday and Sunday.
Students living at the Village may
pay their room and board bills at
the Village cashier's office.
Students will have until next
Friday to pay their room and board
bills for spring quarter without
paying a fine, according to John P.
Clarkin, assistant controller.
Bills may be paid at the cash
ier's office in Building 1, Inner
Quad, from 8 a.m. to 5 p.in. every
day except Saturday and Sunday.
Students living at the Village may
pay their room and board bills at
the Village cashier's office.
Students will have until next
Friday to pay their room and board
bills for spring quarter without
paying a fine, according to John P.
Clarkin, assistant controller.
Bills may be paid at the cash
ier's office in Building 1, Inner
Quad, from 8 a.m. to 5 p.in. every
day except Saturday and Sunday.
Students living at the Village may
pay their room and board bills at
the Village cashier's office.
Students will have until next
Friday to pay their room and board
bills for spring quarter without
paying a fine, according to John P.
Clarkin, assistant controller.
Bills may be paid at the cash
ier's office in Building 1, Inner
Quad, from 8 a.m. to 5 p.in. every
day except Saturday and Sunday.
Students living at the Village may
pay their room and board bills at
the Village cashier's office.
Students will have until next
Friday to pay their room and board
bills for spring quarter without
paying a fine, according to John P.
Clarkin, assistant controller.
Bills may be paid at the cash
ier's office in Building 1, Inner
Quad, from 8 a.m. to 5 p.in. every
day except Saturday and Sunday.
Students living at the Village may
pay their room and board bills at
the Village cashier's office.
Students will have until next
Friday to pay their room and board
bills for spring quarter without
paying a fine, according to John P.
Clarkin, assistant controller.
Bills may be paid at the cash
ier's office in Building 1, Inner
Quad, from 8 a.m. to 5 p.in. every
day except Saturday and Sunday.
Students living at the Village may
pay their room and board bills at
the Village cashier's office.
Students will have until next
Friday to pay their room and board
bills for spring quarter without
paying a fine, according to John P.
Clarkin, assistant controller.
Bills may be paid at the cash
ier's office in Building 1, Inner
Quad, from 8 a.m. to 5 p.in. every
day except Saturday and Sunday.
Students living at the Village may
pay their room and board bills at
the Village cashier's office.
Students will have until next
Friday to pay their room and board
bills for spring quarter without
paying a fine, according to John P.
Clarkin, assistant controller.
Bills may be paid at the cash
ier's office in Building 1, Inner
Quad, from 8 a.m. to 5 p.in. every
day except Saturday and Sunday.
Students living at the Village may
pay their room and board bills at
the Village cashier's office.
Students will have until next
Friday to pay their room and board
bills for spring quarter without
paying a fine, according to John P.
Clarkin, assistant controller.
Bills may be paid at the cash
ier's office in Building 1, Inner
Quad, from 8 a.m. to 5 p.in. every
day except Saturday and Sunday.
Students living at the Village may
pay their room and board bills at
the Village cashier's office.
Students will have until next
Friday to pay their room and board
bills for spring quarter without
paying a fine, according to John P.
Clarkin, assistant controller.
Bills may be paid at the cash
ier's office in Building 1, Inner
Quad, from 8 a.m. to 5 p.in. every
day except Saturday and Sunday.
Students living at the Village may
pay their room and board bills at
the Village cashier's office.
Students will have until next
Friday to pay their room and board
bills for spring quarter without
paying a fine, according to John P.
Clarkin, assistant controller.
Bills may be paid at the cash
ier's office in Building 1, Inner
Quad, from 8 a.m. to 5 p.in. every
day except Saturday and Sunday.
Students living at the Village may
pay their room and board bills at
the Village cashier's office.
Students will have until next
Friday to pay their room and board
bills for spring quarter without
paying a fine, according to John P.
Clarkin, assistant controller.
Bills may be paid at the cash
ier's office in Building 1, Inner
Quad, from 8 a.m. to 5 p.in. every
day except Saturday and Sunday.
Students living at the Village may
pay their room and board bills at
the Village cashier's office.
Students will have until next
Friday to pay their room and board
bills for spring quarter without
paying a fine, according to John P.
Clarkin, assistant controller.
Bills may be paid at the cash
ier's office in Building 1, Inner
Quad, from 8 a.m. to 5 p.in. every
day except Saturday and Sunday.
Students living at the Village may
pay their room and board bills at
the Village cashier's office.
Students will have until next
Friday to pay their room and board
bills for spring quarter without
paying a fine, according to John P.
Clarkin, assistant controller.
Bills may be paid at the cash
ier's office in Building 1, Inner
Quad, from 8 a.m. to 5 p.in. every
day except Saturday and Sunday.
Students living at the Village may
pay their room and board bills at
the Village cashier's office.
