# IKE IN TWO POSES
## 
### 


IKE GRINS (above) sifter hearing
news of victory in New Hamp
shire primary. Above (left) he
speaks to nation in more serious
pose.


IKE GRINS (above) sifter hearing
news of victory in New Hamp
shire primary. Above (left) he
speaks to nation in more serious
pose.


IKE GRINS (above) sifter hearing
news of victory in New Hamp
shire primary. Above (left) he
speaks to nation in more serious
pose.


IKE GRINS (above) sifter hearing
news of victory in New Hamp
shire primary. Above (left) he
speaks to nation in more serious
pose.


IKE GRINS (above) sifter hearing
news of victory in New Hamp
shire primary. Above (left) he
speaks to nation in more serious
pose.


IKE GRINS (above) sifter hearing
news of victory in New Hamp
shire primary. Above (left) he
speaks to nation in more serious
pose.


IKE GRINS (above) sifter hearing
news of victory in New Hamp
shire primary. Above (left) he
speaks to nation in more serious
pose.


IKE GRINS (above) sifter hearing
news of victory in New Hamp
shire primary. Above (left) he
speaks to nation in more serious
pose.


IKE GRINS (above) sifter hearing
news of victory in New Hamp
shire primary. Above (left) he
speaks to nation in more serious
pose.


IKE GRINS (above) sifter hearing
news of victory in New Hamp
shire primary. Above (left) he
speaks to nation in more serious
pose.


IKE GRINS (above) sifter hearing
news of victory in New Hamp
shire primary. Above (left) he
speaks to nation in more serious
pose.


IKE GRINS (above) sifter hearing
news of victory in New Hamp
shire primary. Above (left) he
speaks to nation in more serious
pose.


IKE GRINS (above) sifter hearing
news of victory in New Hamp
shire primary. Above (left) he
speaks to nation in more serious
pose.


IKE GRINS (above) sifter hearing
news of victory in New Hamp
shire primary. Above (left) he
speaks to nation in more serious
pose.


IKE GRINS (above) sifter hearing
news of victory in New Hamp
shire primary. Above (left) he
speaks to nation in more serious
pose.


IKE GRINS (above) sifter hearing
news of victory in New Hamp
shire primary. Above (left) he
speaks to nation in more serious
pose.
