# Big Role Awaits Farm Speakers At Spring Meet
## 
### 
Stanford will be playing a big
part in the third annual conference
of tile Student Woilil Affairs Coun
cil to be held at Asilomar, Pacific
Grove, April 18, 15), and 20.
Art Breisky, executive secretary
of Stanford's lIR, i.y, chairman of
the entire conference, and the
speakers wil linclude three Farm
professors—Dr. Frederick Spiegel
berg, Dr. Wayne Vucinich, and Dr.
Paul Baran.
Several hundred students from
Northern California colleges and
high schools, along with a large
number of foreign students, are ex
pected to attend the conference.
The general topic they will discuss
is "United States Policy Faces Ris
ing Nationalism."
During the three days of activity
students will assume the roles of
international political experts and
endeavor to solve thy problems
faced by both American interests
and those of other nations today
stemming from the relations be
tween nationalism and our foreign
policy. They will participate in idea
interchanging talks and round-table
discussions. The participants will
be given opportunity to heal out
standing speakers and to question
them on the topic under considera
tion.
Students interested in attending
the conference are asked to contact
Art Breisky at the lIR office or at
the AKL house, DA 3-BG3I, as soon
as possible.
Stanford will be playing a big
part in the third annual conference
of tile Student Woilil Affairs Coun
cil to be held at Asilomar, Pacific
Grove, April 18, 15), and 20.
Art Breisky, executive secretary
of Stanford's lIR, i.y, chairman of
the entire conference, and the
speakers wil linclude three Farm
professors—Dr. Frederick Spiegel
berg, Dr. Wayne Vucinich, and Dr.
Paul Baran.
Several hundred students from
Northern California colleges and
high schools, along with a large
number of foreign students, are ex
pected to attend the conference.
The general topic they will discuss
is "United States Policy Faces Ris
ing Nationalism."
During the three days of activity
students will assume the roles of
international political experts and
endeavor to solve thy problems
faced by both American interests
and those of other nations today
stemming from the relations be
tween nationalism and our foreign
policy. They will participate in idea
interchanging talks and round-table
discussions. The participants will
be given opportunity to heal out
standing speakers and to question
them on the topic under considera
tion.
Students interested in attending
the conference are asked to contact
Art Breisky at the lIR office or at
the AKL house, DA 3-BG3I, as soon
as possible.
Stanford will be playing a big
part in the third annual conference
of tile Student Woilil Affairs Coun
cil to be held at Asilomar, Pacific
Grove, April 18, 15), and 20.
Art Breisky, executive secretary
of Stanford's lIR, i.y, chairman of
the entire conference, and the
speakers wil linclude three Farm
professors—Dr. Frederick Spiegel
berg, Dr. Wayne Vucinich, and Dr.
Paul Baran.
Several hundred students from
Northern California colleges and
high schools, along with a large
number of foreign students, are ex
pected to attend the conference.
The general topic they will discuss
is "United States Policy Faces Ris
ing Nationalism."
During the three days of activity
students will assume the roles of
international political experts and
endeavor to solve thy problems
faced by both American interests
and those of other nations today
stemming from the relations be
tween nationalism and our foreign
policy. They will participate in idea
interchanging talks and round-table
discussions. The participants will
be given opportunity to heal out
standing speakers and to question
them on the topic under considera
tion.
Students interested in attending
the conference are asked to contact
Art Breisky at the lIR office or at
the AKL house, DA 3-BG3I, as soon
as possible.
Stanford will be playing a big
part in the third annual conference
of tile Student Woilil Affairs Coun
cil to be held at Asilomar, Pacific
Grove, April 18, 15), and 20.
Art Breisky, executive secretary
of Stanford's lIR, i.y, chairman of
the entire conference, and the
speakers wil linclude three Farm
professors—Dr. Frederick Spiegel
berg, Dr. Wayne Vucinich, and Dr.
Paul Baran.
Several hundred students from
Northern California colleges and
high schools, along with a large
number of foreign students, are ex
pected to attend the conference.
The general topic they will discuss
is "United States Policy Faces Ris
ing Nationalism."
During the three days of activity
students will assume the roles of
international political experts and
endeavor to solve thy problems
faced by both American interests
and those of other nations today
stemming from the relations be
tween nationalism and our foreign
policy. They will participate in idea
interchanging talks and round-table
discussions. The participants will
be given opportunity to heal out
standing speakers and to question
them on the topic under considera
tion.
Students interested in attending
the conference are asked to contact
Art Breisky at the lIR office or at
the AKL house, DA 3-BG3I, as soon
as possible.
Stanford will be playing a big
part in the third annual conference
of tile Student Woilil Affairs Coun
cil to be held at Asilomar, Pacific
Grove, April 18, 15), and 20.
Art Breisky, executive secretary
of Stanford's lIR, i.y, chairman of
the entire conference, and the
speakers wil linclude three Farm
professors—Dr. Frederick Spiegel
berg, Dr. Wayne Vucinich, and Dr.
Paul Baran.
Several hundred students from
Northern California colleges and
high schools, along with a large
number of foreign students, are ex
pected to attend the conference.
The general topic they will discuss
is "United States Policy Faces Ris
ing Nationalism."
During the three days of activity
students will assume the roles of
international political experts and
endeavor to solve thy problems
faced by both American interests
and those of other nations today
stemming from the relations be
tween nationalism and our foreign
policy. They will participate in idea
interchanging talks and round-table
discussions. The participants will
be given opportunity to heal out
standing speakers and to question
them on the topic under considera
tion.
Students interested in attending
the conference are asked to contact
Art Breisky at the lIR office or at
the AKL house, DA 3-BG3I, as soon
as possible.
Stanford will be playing a big
part in the third annual conference
of tile Student Woilil Affairs Coun
cil to be held at Asilomar, Pacific
Grove, April 18, 15), and 20.
Art Breisky, executive secretary
of Stanford's lIR, i.y, chairman of
the entire conference, and the
speakers wil linclude three Farm
professors—Dr. Frederick Spiegel
berg, Dr. Wayne Vucinich, and Dr.
Paul Baran.
Several hundred students from
Northern California colleges and
high schools, along with a large
number of foreign students, are ex
pected to attend the conference.
The general topic they will discuss
is "United States Policy Faces Ris
ing Nationalism."
During the three days of activity
students will assume the roles of
international political experts and
endeavor to solve thy problems
faced by both American interests
and those of other nations today
stemming from the relations be
tween nationalism and our foreign
policy. They will participate in idea
interchanging talks and round-table
discussions. The participants will
be given opportunity to heal out
standing speakers and to question
them on the topic under considera
tion.
Students interested in attending
the conference are asked to contact
Art Breisky at the lIR office or at
the AKL house, DA 3-BG3I, as soon
as possible.
Stanford will be playing a big
part in the third annual conference
of tile Student Woilil Affairs Coun
cil to be held at Asilomar, Pacific
Grove, April 18, 15), and 20.
Art Breisky, executive secretary
of Stanford's lIR, i.y, chairman of
the entire conference, and the
speakers wil linclude three Farm
professors—Dr. Frederick Spiegel
berg, Dr. Wayne Vucinich, and Dr.
Paul Baran.
Several hundred students from
Northern California colleges and
high schools, along with a large
number of foreign students, are ex
pected to attend the conference.
The general topic they will discuss
is "United States Policy Faces Ris
ing Nationalism."
During the three days of activity
students will assume the roles of
international political experts and
endeavor to solve thy problems
faced by both American interests
and those of other nations today
stemming from the relations be
tween nationalism and our foreign
policy. They will participate in idea
interchanging talks and round-table
discussions. The participants will
be given opportunity to heal out
standing speakers and to question
them on the topic under considera
tion.
Students interested in attending
the conference are asked to contact
Art Breisky at the lIR office or at
the AKL house, DA 3-BG3I, as soon
as possible.
Stanford will be playing a big
part in the third annual conference
of tile Student Woilil Affairs Coun
cil to be held at Asilomar, Pacific
Grove, April 18, 15), and 20.
Art Breisky, executive secretary
of Stanford's lIR, i.y, chairman of
the entire conference, and the
speakers wil linclude three Farm
professors—Dr. Frederick Spiegel
berg, Dr. Wayne Vucinich, and Dr.
Paul Baran.
Several hundred students from
Northern California colleges and
high schools, along with a large
number of foreign students, are ex
pected to attend the conference.
The general topic they will discuss
is "United States Policy Faces Ris
ing Nationalism."
During the three days of activity
students will assume the roles of
international political experts and
endeavor to solve thy problems
faced by both American interests
and those of other nations today
stemming from the relations be
tween nationalism and our foreign
policy. They will participate in idea
interchanging talks and round-table
discussions. The participants will
be given opportunity to heal out
standing speakers and to question
them on the topic under considera
tion.
Students interested in attending
the conference are asked to contact
Art Breisky at the lIR office or at
the AKL house, DA 3-BG3I, as soon
as possible.
Stanford will be playing a big
part in the third annual conference
of tile Student Woilil Affairs Coun
cil to be held at Asilomar, Pacific
Grove, April 18, 15), and 20.
Art Breisky, executive secretary
of Stanford's lIR, i.y, chairman of
the entire conference, and the
speakers wil linclude three Farm
professors—Dr. Frederick Spiegel
berg, Dr. Wayne Vucinich, and Dr.
Paul Baran.
Several hundred students from
Northern California colleges and
high schools, along with a large
number of foreign students, are ex
pected to attend the conference.
The general topic they will discuss
is "United States Policy Faces Ris
ing Nationalism."
During the three days of activity
students will assume the roles of
international political experts and
endeavor to solve thy problems
faced by both American interests
and those of other nations today
stemming from the relations be
tween nationalism and our foreign
policy. They will participate in idea
interchanging talks and round-table
discussions. The participants will
be given opportunity to heal out
standing speakers and to question
them on the topic under considera
tion.
Students interested in attending
the conference are asked to contact
Art Breisky at the lIR office or at
the AKL house, DA 3-BG3I, as soon
as possible.
Stanford will be playing a big
part in the third annual conference
of tile Student Woilil Affairs Coun
cil to be held at Asilomar, Pacific
Grove, April 18, 15), and 20.
Art Breisky, executive secretary
of Stanford's lIR, i.y, chairman of
the entire conference, and the
speakers wil linclude three Farm
professors—Dr. Frederick Spiegel
berg, Dr. Wayne Vucinich, and Dr.
Paul Baran.
Several hundred students from
Northern California colleges and
high schools, along with a large
number of foreign students, are ex
pected to attend the conference.
The general topic they will discuss
is "United States Policy Faces Ris
ing Nationalism."
During the three days of activity
students will assume the roles of
international political experts and
endeavor to solve thy problems
faced by both American interests
and those of other nations today
stemming from the relations be
tween nationalism and our foreign
policy. They will participate in idea
interchanging talks and round-table
discussions. The participants will
be given opportunity to heal out
standing speakers and to question
them on the topic under considera
tion.
Students interested in attending
the conference are asked to contact
Art Breisky at the lIR office or at
the AKL house, DA 3-BG3I, as soon
as possible.
Stanford will be playing a big
part in the third annual conference
of tile Student Woilil Affairs Coun
cil to be held at Asilomar, Pacific
Grove, April 18, 15), and 20.
Art Breisky, executive secretary
of Stanford's lIR, i.y, chairman of
the entire conference, and the
speakers wil linclude three Farm
professors—Dr. Frederick Spiegel
berg, Dr. Wayne Vucinich, and Dr.
Paul Baran.
Several hundred students from
Northern California colleges and
high schools, along with a large
number of foreign students, are ex
pected to attend the conference.
The general topic they will discuss
is "United States Policy Faces Ris
ing Nationalism."
During the three days of activity
students will assume the roles of
international political experts and
endeavor to solve thy problems
faced by both American interests
and those of other nations today
stemming from the relations be
tween nationalism and our foreign
policy. They will participate in idea
interchanging talks and round-table
discussions. The participants will
be given opportunity to heal out
standing speakers and to question
them on the topic under considera
tion.
Students interested in attending
the conference are asked to contact
Art Breisky at the lIR office or at
the AKL house, DA 3-BG3I, as soon
as possible.
Stanford will be playing a big
part in the third annual conference
of tile Student Woilil Affairs Coun
cil to be held at Asilomar, Pacific
Grove, April 18, 15), and 20.
Art Breisky, executive secretary
of Stanford's lIR, i.y, chairman of
the entire conference, and the
speakers wil linclude three Farm
professors—Dr. Frederick Spiegel
berg, Dr. Wayne Vucinich, and Dr.
Paul Baran.
Several hundred students from
Northern California colleges and
high schools, along with a large
number of foreign students, are ex
pected to attend the conference.
The general topic they will discuss
is "United States Policy Faces Ris
ing Nationalism."
During the three days of activity
students will assume the roles of
international political experts and
endeavor to solve thy problems
faced by both American interests
and those of other nations today
stemming from the relations be
tween nationalism and our foreign
policy. They will participate in idea
interchanging talks and round-table
discussions. The participants will
be given opportunity to heal out
standing speakers and to question
them on the topic under considera
tion.
Students interested in attending
the conference are asked to contact
Art Breisky at the lIR office or at
the AKL house, DA 3-BG3I, as soon
as possible.
Stanford will be playing a big
part in the third annual conference
of tile Student Woilil Affairs Coun
cil to be held at Asilomar, Pacific
Grove, April 18, 15), and 20.
Art Breisky, executive secretary
of Stanford's lIR, i.y, chairman of
the entire conference, and the
speakers wil linclude three Farm
professors—Dr. Frederick Spiegel
berg, Dr. Wayne Vucinich, and Dr.
Paul Baran.
Several hundred students from
Northern California colleges and
high schools, along with a large
number of foreign students, are ex
pected to attend the conference.
The general topic they will discuss
is "United States Policy Faces Ris
ing Nationalism."
During the three days of activity
students will assume the roles of
international political experts and
endeavor to solve thy problems
faced by both American interests
and those of other nations today
stemming from the relations be
tween nationalism and our foreign
policy. They will participate in idea
interchanging talks and round-table
discussions. The participants will
be given opportunity to heal out
standing speakers and to question
them on the topic under considera
tion.
Students interested in attending
the conference are asked to contact
Art Breisky at the lIR office or at
the AKL house, DA 3-BG3I, as soon
as possible.
Stanford will be playing a big
part in the third annual conference
of tile Student Woilil Affairs Coun
cil to be held at Asilomar, Pacific
Grove, April 18, 15), and 20.
Art Breisky, executive secretary
of Stanford's lIR, i.y, chairman of
the entire conference, and the
speakers wil linclude three Farm
professors—Dr. Frederick Spiegel
berg, Dr. Wayne Vucinich, and Dr.
Paul Baran.
Several hundred students from
Northern California colleges and
high schools, along with a large
number of foreign students, are ex
pected to attend the conference.
The general topic they will discuss
is "United States Policy Faces Ris
ing Nationalism."
During the three days of activity
students will assume the roles of
international political experts and
endeavor to solve thy problems
faced by both American interests
and those of other nations today
stemming from the relations be
tween nationalism and our foreign
policy. They will participate in idea
interchanging talks and round-table
discussions. The participants will
be given opportunity to heal out
standing speakers and to question
them on the topic under considera
tion.
Students interested in attending
the conference are asked to contact
Art Breisky at the lIR office or at
the AKL house, DA 3-BG3I, as soon
as possible.
Stanford will be playing a big
part in the third annual conference
of tile Student Woilil Affairs Coun
cil to be held at Asilomar, Pacific
Grove, April 18, 15), and 20.
Art Breisky, executive secretary
of Stanford's lIR, i.y, chairman of
the entire conference, and the
speakers wil linclude three Farm
professors—Dr. Frederick Spiegel
berg, Dr. Wayne Vucinich, and Dr.
Paul Baran.
Several hundred students from
Northern California colleges and
high schools, along with a large
number of foreign students, are ex
pected to attend the conference.
The general topic they will discuss
is "United States Policy Faces Ris
ing Nationalism."
During the three days of activity
students will assume the roles of
international political experts and
endeavor to solve thy problems
faced by both American interests
and those of other nations today
stemming from the relations be
tween nationalism and our foreign
policy. They will participate in idea
interchanging talks and round-table
discussions. The participants will
be given opportunity to heal out
standing speakers and to question
them on the topic under considera
tion.
Students interested in attending
the conference are asked to contact
Art Breisky at the lIR office or at
the AKL house, DA 3-BG3I, as soon
as possible.
Stanford will be playing a big
part in the third annual conference
of tile Student Woilil Affairs Coun
cil to be held at Asilomar, Pacific
Grove, April 18, 15), and 20.
Art Breisky, executive secretary
of Stanford's lIR, i.y, chairman of
the entire conference, and the
speakers wil linclude three Farm
professors—Dr. Frederick Spiegel
berg, Dr. Wayne Vucinich, and Dr.
Paul Baran.
Several hundred students from
Northern California colleges and
high schools, along with a large
number of foreign students, are ex
pected to attend the conference.
The general topic they will discuss
is "United States Policy Faces Ris
ing Nationalism."
During the three days of activity
students will assume the roles of
international political experts and
endeavor to solve thy problems
faced by both American interests
and those of other nations today
stemming from the relations be
tween nationalism and our foreign
policy. They will participate in idea
interchanging talks and round-table
discussions. The participants will
be given opportunity to heal out
standing speakers and to question
them on the topic under considera
tion.
Students interested in attending
the conference are asked to contact
Art Breisky at the lIR office or at
the AKL house, DA 3-BG3I, as soon
as possible.
