# Adv. 19 Page 7
## 
### 
N£li
Immediate openings tor you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between /obs, returning to
the working world, retired
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers for
light industries (plant,
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employer
&
Uhomas
Jtmporartet
Town and Country
Village
Palo Alto
328-0300,2,
V l'S J
N£li
Immediate openings tor you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between /obs, returning to
the working world, retired
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers for
light industries (plant,
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employer
&
Uhomas
Jtmporartet
Town and Country
Village
Palo Alto
328-0300,2,
V l'S J
N£li
Immediate openings tor you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between /obs, returning to
the working world, retired
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers for
light industries (plant,
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employer
&
Uhomas
Jtmporartet
Town and Country
Village
Palo Alto
328-0300,2,
V l'S J
N£li
Immediate openings tor you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between /obs, returning to
the working world, retired
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers for
light industries (plant,
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employer
&
Uhomas
Jtmporartet
Town and Country
Village
Palo Alto
328-0300,2,
V l'S J
N£li
Immediate openings tor you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between /obs, returning to
the working world, retired
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers for
light industries (plant,
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employer
&
Uhomas
Jtmporartet
Town and Country
Village
Palo Alto
328-0300,2,
V l'S J
N£li
Immediate openings tor you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between /obs, returning to
the working world, retired
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers for
light industries (plant,
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employer
&
Uhomas
Jtmporartet
Town and Country
Village
Palo Alto
328-0300,2,
V l'S J
N£li
Immediate openings tor you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between /obs, returning to
the working world, retired
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers for
light industries (plant,
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employer
&
Uhomas
Jtmporartet
Town and Country
Village
Palo Alto
328-0300,2,
V l'S J
N£li
Immediate openings tor you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between /obs, returning to
the working world, retired
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers for
light industries (plant,
factory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Opportunity Employer
&
Uhomas
Jtmporartet
Town and Country
Village
Palo Alto
328-0300,2,
V l'S J
