# Correction
## 
### 
In the July 7 issue of the Daily,
Craig Ritchey was incorrectly
identified as a University trus
tee. Nelson Dong is a newly
elected member of the Board of
Trustees.
In the July 7 issue of the Daily,
Craig Ritchey was incorrectly
identified as a University trus
tee. Nelson Dong is a newly
elected member of the Board of
Trustees.
In the July 7 issue of the Daily,
Craig Ritchey was incorrectly
identified as a University trus
tee. Nelson Dong is a newly
elected member of the Board of
Trustees.
In the July 7 issue of the Daily,
Craig Ritchey was incorrectly
identified as a University trus
tee. Nelson Dong is a newly
elected member of the Board of
Trustees.
In the July 7 issue of the Daily,
Craig Ritchey was incorrectly
identified as a University trus
tee. Nelson Dong is a newly
elected member of the Board of
Trustees.
In the July 7 issue of the Daily,
Craig Ritchey was incorrectly
identified as a University trus
tee. Nelson Dong is a newly
elected member of the Board of
Trustees.
In the July 7 issue of the Daily,
Craig Ritchey was incorrectly
identified as a University trus
tee. Nelson Dong is a newly
elected member of the Board of
Trustees.
In the July 7 issue of the Daily,
Craig Ritchey was incorrectly
identified as a University trus
tee. Nelson Dong is a newly
elected member of the Board of
Trustees.
