# CHRISTIAN'S PART IN WAR SHOWN
## 
### 
"Perfect concordance between the
Christian ideals and the purposes
which the war is intended to accom
plish, may be seen when one takes a
broad and unbiased view of the situa
tion," said the Rev. Mr. Pierce last
evening.
During his lecture on "War and
Christian Teaching," he told of the
three fundamental principles of Chris
tianity, and their similarity to the
basic ideals of man.
"When this similarity is realized, all

doubt as to the Christian's part in the
present crisis is dismissed," he ex
plained.
"The three Christian principles are:
freedom, vicarious atonement, and the
principle of response to duty. They
are drawn from the life of Christ, and
his teachings."
Dr. Pierce will deliver his next lec
ture Thursday evening in the Little
Theater at 7:30 o'clock. He has
chosen for his subject "The War and
Personal Faith."
"Perfect concordance between the
Christian ideals and the purposes
which the war is intended to accom
plish, may be seen when one takes a
broad and unbiased view of the situa
tion," said the Rev. Mr. Pierce last
evening.
During his lecture on "War and
Christian Teaching," he told of the
three fundamental principles of Chris
tianity, and their similarity to the
basic ideals of man.
"When this similarity is realized, all

doubt as to the Christian's part in the
present crisis is dismissed," he ex
plained.
"The three Christian principles are:
freedom, vicarious atonement, and the
principle of response to duty. They
are drawn from the life of Christ, and
his teachings."
Dr. Pierce will deliver his next lec
ture Thursday evening in the Little
Theater at 7:30 o'clock. He has
chosen for his subject "The War and
Personal Faith."
"Perfect concordance between the
Christian ideals and the purposes
which the war is intended to accom
plish, may be seen when one takes a
broad and unbiased view of the situa
tion," said the Rev. Mr. Pierce last
evening.
During his lecture on "War and
Christian Teaching," he told of the
three fundamental principles of Chris
tianity, and their similarity to the
basic ideals of man.
"When this similarity is realized, all

doubt as to the Christian's part in the
present crisis is dismissed," he ex
plained.
"The three Christian principles are:
freedom, vicarious atonement, and the
principle of response to duty. They
are drawn from the life of Christ, and
his teachings."
Dr. Pierce will deliver his next lec
ture Thursday evening in the Little
Theater at 7:30 o'clock. He has
chosen for his subject "The War and
Personal Faith."
"Perfect concordance between the
Christian ideals and the purposes
which the war is intended to accom
plish, may be seen when one takes a
broad and unbiased view of the situa
tion," said the Rev. Mr. Pierce last
evening.
During his lecture on "War and
Christian Teaching," he told of the
three fundamental principles of Chris
tianity, and their similarity to the
basic ideals of man.
"When this similarity is realized, all

doubt as to the Christian's part in the
present crisis is dismissed," he ex
plained.
"The three Christian principles are:
freedom, vicarious atonement, and the
principle of response to duty. They
are drawn from the life of Christ, and
his teachings."
Dr. Pierce will deliver his next lec
ture Thursday evening in the Little
Theater at 7:30 o'clock. He has
chosen for his subject "The War and
Personal Faith."
"Perfect concordance between the
Christian ideals and the purposes
which the war is intended to accom
plish, may be seen when one takes a
broad and unbiased view of the situa
tion," said the Rev. Mr. Pierce last
evening.
During his lecture on "War and
Christian Teaching," he told of the
three fundamental principles of Chris
tianity, and their similarity to the
basic ideals of man.
"When this similarity is realized, all

doubt as to the Christian's part in the
present crisis is dismissed," he ex
plained.
"The three Christian principles are:
freedom, vicarious atonement, and the
principle of response to duty. They
are drawn from the life of Christ, and
his teachings."
Dr. Pierce will deliver his next lec
ture Thursday evening in the Little
Theater at 7:30 o'clock. He has
chosen for his subject "The War and
Personal Faith."
"Perfect concordance between the
Christian ideals and the purposes
which the war is intended to accom
plish, may be seen when one takes a
broad and unbiased view of the situa
tion," said the Rev. Mr. Pierce last
evening.
During his lecture on "War and
Christian Teaching," he told of the
three fundamental principles of Chris
tianity, and their similarity to the
basic ideals of man.
"When this similarity is realized, all

doubt as to the Christian's part in the
present crisis is dismissed," he ex
plained.
"The three Christian principles are:
freedom, vicarious atonement, and the
principle of response to duty. They
are drawn from the life of Christ, and
his teachings."
Dr. Pierce will deliver his next lec
ture Thursday evening in the Little
Theater at 7:30 o'clock. He has
chosen for his subject "The War and
Personal Faith."
"Perfect concordance between the
Christian ideals and the purposes
which the war is intended to accom
plish, may be seen when one takes a
broad and unbiased view of the situa
tion," said the Rev. Mr. Pierce last
evening.
During his lecture on "War and
Christian Teaching," he told of the
three fundamental principles of Chris
tianity, and their similarity to the
basic ideals of man.
"When this similarity is realized, all

doubt as to the Christian's part in the
present crisis is dismissed," he ex
plained.
"The three Christian principles are:
freedom, vicarious atonement, and the
principle of response to duty. They
are drawn from the life of Christ, and
his teachings."
Dr. Pierce will deliver his next lec
ture Thursday evening in the Little
Theater at 7:30 o'clock. He has
chosen for his subject "The War and
Personal Faith."
"Perfect concordance between the
Christian ideals and the purposes
which the war is intended to accom
plish, may be seen when one takes a
broad and unbiased view of the situa
tion," said the Rev. Mr. Pierce last
evening.
During his lecture on "War and
Christian Teaching," he told of the
three fundamental principles of Chris
tianity, and their similarity to the
basic ideals of man.
"When this similarity is realized, all

doubt as to the Christian's part in the
present crisis is dismissed," he ex
plained.
"The three Christian principles are:
freedom, vicarious atonement, and the
principle of response to duty. They
are drawn from the life of Christ, and
his teachings."
Dr. Pierce will deliver his next lec
ture Thursday evening in the Little
Theater at 7:30 o'clock. He has
chosen for his subject "The War and
Personal Faith."
"Perfect concordance between the
Christian ideals and the purposes
which the war is intended to accom
plish, may be seen when one takes a
broad and unbiased view of the situa
tion," said the Rev. Mr. Pierce last
evening.
During his lecture on "War and
Christian Teaching," he told of the
three fundamental principles of Chris
tianity, and their similarity to the
basic ideals of man.
"When this similarity is realized, all

doubt as to the Christian's part in the
present crisis is dismissed," he ex
plained.
"The three Christian principles are:
freedom, vicarious atonement, and the
principle of response to duty. They
are drawn from the life of Christ, and
his teachings."
Dr. Pierce will deliver his next lec
ture Thursday evening in the Little
Theater at 7:30 o'clock. He has
chosen for his subject "The War and
Personal Faith."
"Perfect concordance between the
Christian ideals and the purposes
which the war is intended to accom
plish, may be seen when one takes a
broad and unbiased view of the situa
tion," said the Rev. Mr. Pierce last
evening.
During his lecture on "War and
Christian Teaching," he told of the
three fundamental principles of Chris
tianity, and their similarity to the
basic ideals of man.
"When this similarity is realized, all

doubt as to the Christian's part in the
present crisis is dismissed," he ex
plained.
"The three Christian principles are:
freedom, vicarious atonement, and the
principle of response to duty. They
are drawn from the life of Christ, and
his teachings."
Dr. Pierce will deliver his next lec
ture Thursday evening in the Little
Theater at 7:30 o'clock. He has
chosen for his subject "The War and
Personal Faith."
"Perfect concordance between the
Christian ideals and the purposes
which the war is intended to accom
plish, may be seen when one takes a
broad and unbiased view of the situa
tion," said the Rev. Mr. Pierce last
evening.
During his lecture on "War and
Christian Teaching," he told of the
three fundamental principles of Chris
tianity, and their similarity to the
basic ideals of man.
"When this similarity is realized, all

doubt as to the Christian's part in the
present crisis is dismissed," he ex
plained.
"The three Christian principles are:
freedom, vicarious atonement, and the
principle of response to duty. They
are drawn from the life of Christ, and
his teachings."
Dr. Pierce will deliver his next lec
ture Thursday evening in the Little
Theater at 7:30 o'clock. He has
chosen for his subject "The War and
Personal Faith."
"Perfect concordance between the
Christian ideals and the purposes
which the war is intended to accom
plish, may be seen when one takes a
broad and unbiased view of the situa
tion," said the Rev. Mr. Pierce last
evening.
During his lecture on "War and
Christian Teaching," he told of the
three fundamental principles of Chris
tianity, and their similarity to the
basic ideals of man.
"When this similarity is realized, all

doubt as to the Christian's part in the
present crisis is dismissed," he ex
plained.
"The three Christian principles are:
freedom, vicarious atonement, and the
principle of response to duty. They
are drawn from the life of Christ, and
his teachings."
Dr. Pierce will deliver his next lec
ture Thursday evening in the Little
Theater at 7:30 o'clock. He has
chosen for his subject "The War and
Personal Faith."
"Perfect concordance between the
Christian ideals and the purposes
which the war is intended to accom
plish, may be seen when one takes a
broad and unbiased view of the situa
tion," said the Rev. Mr. Pierce last
evening.
During his lecture on "War and
Christian Teaching," he told of the
three fundamental principles of Chris
tianity, and their similarity to the
basic ideals of man.
"When this similarity is realized, all

doubt as to the Christian's part in the
present crisis is dismissed," he ex
plained.
"The three Christian principles are:
freedom, vicarious atonement, and the
principle of response to duty. They
are drawn from the life of Christ, and
his teachings."
Dr. Pierce will deliver his next lec
ture Thursday evening in the Little
Theater at 7:30 o'clock. He has
chosen for his subject "The War and
Personal Faith."
"Perfect concordance between the
Christian ideals and the purposes
which the war is intended to accom
plish, may be seen when one takes a
broad and unbiased view of the situa
tion," said the Rev. Mr. Pierce last
evening.
During his lecture on "War and
Christian Teaching," he told of the
three fundamental principles of Chris
tianity, and their similarity to the
basic ideals of man.
"When this similarity is realized, all

doubt as to the Christian's part in the
present crisis is dismissed," he ex
plained.
"The three Christian principles are:
freedom, vicarious atonement, and the
principle of response to duty. They
are drawn from the life of Christ, and
his teachings."
Dr. Pierce will deliver his next lec
ture Thursday evening in the Little
Theater at 7:30 o'clock. He has
chosen for his subject "The War and
Personal Faith."
"Perfect concordance between the
Christian ideals and the purposes
which the war is intended to accom
plish, may be seen when one takes a
broad and unbiased view of the situa
tion," said the Rev. Mr. Pierce last
evening.
During his lecture on "War and
Christian Teaching," he told of the
three fundamental principles of Chris
tianity, and their similarity to the
basic ideals of man.
"When this similarity is realized, all

doubt as to the Christian's part in the
present crisis is dismissed," he ex
plained.
"The three Christian principles are:
freedom, vicarious atonement, and the
principle of response to duty. They
are drawn from the life of Christ, and
his teachings."
Dr. Pierce will deliver his next lec
ture Thursday evening in the Little
Theater at 7:30 o'clock. He has
chosen for his subject "The War and
Personal Faith."
