# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Dr. Alvin J. Cox. formerly an in
structor in the Chemistry depart
ment, is visiting the campus. He has
been for a number of years Director
of the Bureau of Science in the
Philippine Islands.
Dr. Alvin J. Cox. formerly an in
structor in the Chemistry depart
ment, is visiting the campus. He has
been for a number of years Director
of the Bureau of Science in the
Philippine Islands.
Dr. Alvin J. Cox. formerly an in
structor in the Chemistry depart
ment, is visiting the campus. He has
been for a number of years Director
of the Bureau of Science in the
Philippine Islands.
Dr. Alvin J. Cox. formerly an in
structor in the Chemistry depart
ment, is visiting the campus. He has
been for a number of years Director
of the Bureau of Science in the
Philippine Islands.
Dr. Alvin J. Cox. formerly an in
structor in the Chemistry depart
ment, is visiting the campus. He has
been for a number of years Director
of the Bureau of Science in the
Philippine Islands.
Dr. Alvin J. Cox. formerly an in
structor in the Chemistry depart
ment, is visiting the campus. He has
been for a number of years Director
of the Bureau of Science in the
Philippine Islands.
Dr. Alvin J. Cox. formerly an in
structor in the Chemistry depart
ment, is visiting the campus. He has
been for a number of years Director
of the Bureau of Science in the
Philippine Islands.
Dr. Alvin J. Cox. formerly an in
structor in the Chemistry depart
ment, is visiting the campus. He has
been for a number of years Director
of the Bureau of Science in the
Philippine Islands.
Dr. Alvin J. Cox. formerly an in
structor in the Chemistry depart
ment, is visiting the campus. He has
been for a number of years Director
of the Bureau of Science in the
Philippine Islands.
Dr. Alvin J. Cox. formerly an in
structor in the Chemistry depart
ment, is visiting the campus. He has
been for a number of years Director
of the Bureau of Science in the
Philippine Islands.
Dr. Alvin J. Cox. formerly an in
structor in the Chemistry depart
ment, is visiting the campus. He has
been for a number of years Director
of the Bureau of Science in the
Philippine Islands.
Dr. Alvin J. Cox. formerly an in
structor in the Chemistry depart
ment, is visiting the campus. He has
been for a number of years Director
of the Bureau of Science in the
Philippine Islands.
Dr. Alvin J. Cox. formerly an in
structor in the Chemistry depart
ment, is visiting the campus. He has
been for a number of years Director
of the Bureau of Science in the
Philippine Islands.
Dr. Alvin J. Cox. formerly an in
structor in the Chemistry depart
ment, is visiting the campus. He has
been for a number of years Director
of the Bureau of Science in the
Philippine Islands.
Dr. Alvin J. Cox. formerly an in
structor in the Chemistry depart
ment, is visiting the campus. He has
been for a number of years Director
of the Bureau of Science in the
Philippine Islands.
