# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
deadline for c'assiiied advertis
ing is 4 p.m. of the day before
publication.
deadline for c'assiiied advertis
ing is 4 p.m. of the day before
publication.
deadline for c'assiiied advertis
ing is 4 p.m. of the day before
publication.
deadline for c'assiiied advertis
ing is 4 p.m. of the day before
publication.
deadline for c'assiiied advertis
ing is 4 p.m. of the day before
publication.
deadline for c'assiiied advertis
ing is 4 p.m. of the day before
publication.
deadline for c'assiiied advertis
ing is 4 p.m. of the day before
publication.
deadline for c'assiiied advertis
ing is 4 p.m. of the day before
publication.
deadline for c'assiiied advertis
ing is 4 p.m. of the day before
publication.
deadline for c'assiiied advertis
ing is 4 p.m. of the day before
publication.
deadline for c'assiiied advertis
ing is 4 p.m. of the day before
publication.
deadline for c'assiiied advertis
ing is 4 p.m. of the day before
publication.
deadline for c'assiiied advertis
ing is 4 p.m. of the day before
publication.
deadline for c'assiiied advertis
ing is 4 p.m. of the day before
publication.
deadline for c'assiiied advertis
ing is 4 p.m. of the day before
publication.
deadline for c'assiiied advertis
ing is 4 p.m. of the day before
publication.
