# A 						REMARKABLE RECORD
## 
### 
Joe Chez, ace hurler of the Stan
ford nine this season, has a re
markable record of 29 and four for
his college pitching career. These
four defeats, by the way, are the
only ones Joe has suffered during
all of his high school and college
mound work. While a prep, Joe
never lost a game.
Joe Chez, ace hurler of the Stan
ford nine this season, has a re
markable record of 29 and four for
his college pitching career. These
four defeats, by the way, are the
only ones Joe has suffered during
all of his high school and college
mound work. While a prep, Joe
never lost a game.
Joe Chez, ace hurler of the Stan
ford nine this season, has a re
markable record of 29 and four for
his college pitching career. These
four defeats, by the way, are the
only ones Joe has suffered during
all of his high school and college
mound work. While a prep, Joe
never lost a game.
Joe Chez, ace hurler of the Stan
ford nine this season, has a re
markable record of 29 and four for
his college pitching career. These
four defeats, by the way, are the
only ones Joe has suffered during
all of his high school and college
mound work. While a prep, Joe
never lost a game.
Joe Chez, ace hurler of the Stan
ford nine this season, has a re
markable record of 29 and four for
his college pitching career. These
four defeats, by the way, are the
only ones Joe has suffered during
all of his high school and college
mound work. While a prep, Joe
never lost a game.
Joe Chez, ace hurler of the Stan
ford nine this season, has a re
markable record of 29 and four for
his college pitching career. These
four defeats, by the way, are the
only ones Joe has suffered during
all of his high school and college
mound work. While a prep, Joe
never lost a game.
Joe Chez, ace hurler of the Stan
ford nine this season, has a re
markable record of 29 and four for
his college pitching career. These
four defeats, by the way, are the
only ones Joe has suffered during
all of his high school and college
mound work. While a prep, Joe
never lost a game.
Joe Chez, ace hurler of the Stan
ford nine this season, has a re
markable record of 29 and four for
his college pitching career. These
four defeats, by the way, are the
only ones Joe has suffered during
all of his high school and college
mound work. While a prep, Joe
never lost a game.
Joe Chez, ace hurler of the Stan
ford nine this season, has a re
markable record of 29 and four for
his college pitching career. These
four defeats, by the way, are the
only ones Joe has suffered during
all of his high school and college
mound work. While a prep, Joe
never lost a game.
Joe Chez, ace hurler of the Stan
ford nine this season, has a re
markable record of 29 and four for
his college pitching career. These
four defeats, by the way, are the
only ones Joe has suffered during
all of his high school and college
mound work. While a prep, Joe
never lost a game.
Joe Chez, ace hurler of the Stan
ford nine this season, has a re
markable record of 29 and four for
his college pitching career. These
four defeats, by the way, are the
only ones Joe has suffered during
all of his high school and college
mound work. While a prep, Joe
never lost a game.
Joe Chez, ace hurler of the Stan
ford nine this season, has a re
markable record of 29 and four for
his college pitching career. These
four defeats, by the way, are the
only ones Joe has suffered during
all of his high school and college
mound work. While a prep, Joe
never lost a game.
Joe Chez, ace hurler of the Stan
ford nine this season, has a re
markable record of 29 and four for
his college pitching career. These
four defeats, by the way, are the
only ones Joe has suffered during
all of his high school and college
mound work. While a prep, Joe
never lost a game.
Joe Chez, ace hurler of the Stan
ford nine this season, has a re
markable record of 29 and four for
his college pitching career. These
four defeats, by the way, are the
only ones Joe has suffered during
all of his high school and college
mound work. While a prep, Joe
never lost a game.
Joe Chez, ace hurler of the Stan
ford nine this season, has a re
markable record of 29 and four for
his college pitching career. These
four defeats, by the way, are the
only ones Joe has suffered during
all of his high school and college
mound work. While a prep, Joe
never lost a game.
Joe Chez, ace hurler of the Stan
ford nine this season, has a re
markable record of 29 and four for
his college pitching career. These
four defeats, by the way, are the
only ones Joe has suffered during
all of his high school and college
mound work. While a prep, Joe
never lost a game.
