# F.D.R. Will Send Defense Message
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2G (UP). â€”
President Roosevelt prepared today
to send a special national defense
message to Congress late this week
urging additional appropriations for
all branches of the armed service.
It was expected that he would
recommend an expenditure of about
$200,000,000 more than provided in
the regular budget estimates which
will run over $1,000,000,000.
Congressional leaders expected the
President to redefine the administra
tion's foreign policy and its attitude
toward aggressor nations. In this
connection, he has sent a letter to
Mrs. Gladys Mooney, chairman of
the 13th Women's Conference on
National Defense, reaffirming that
the cornerstone of America's foreign
policy is the "good neighbor" doc
trine.
