# COUGARS TAKE O.S.C
## 
### 
PULLMAN, Wash., Jan. 26 (UP).
Washington State's basketball five
won a 41-39 victory over Oregon
State in an overtime northern divi
sion Coast Conference game last
night.
PULLMAN, Wash., Jan. 26 (UP).
Washington State's basketball five
won a 41-39 victory over Oregon
State in an overtime northern divi
sion Coast Conference game last
night.
PULLMAN, Wash., Jan. 26 (UP).
Washington State's basketball five
won a 41-39 victory over Oregon
State in an overtime northern divi
sion Coast Conference game last
night.
PULLMAN, Wash., Jan. 26 (UP).
Washington State's basketball five
won a 41-39 victory over Oregon
State in an overtime northern divi
sion Coast Conference game last
night.
PULLMAN, Wash., Jan. 26 (UP).
Washington State's basketball five
won a 41-39 victory over Oregon
State in an overtime northern divi
sion Coast Conference game last
night.
PULLMAN, Wash., Jan. 26 (UP).
Washington State's basketball five
won a 41-39 victory over Oregon
State in an overtime northern divi
sion Coast Conference game last
night.
PULLMAN, Wash., Jan. 26 (UP).
Washington State's basketball five
won a 41-39 victory over Oregon
State in an overtime northern divi
sion Coast Conference game last
night.
PULLMAN, Wash., Jan. 26 (UP).
Washington State's basketball five
won a 41-39 victory over Oregon
State in an overtime northern divi
sion Coast Conference game last
night.
PULLMAN, Wash., Jan. 26 (UP).
Washington State's basketball five
won a 41-39 victory over Oregon
State in an overtime northern divi
sion Coast Conference game last
night.
PULLMAN, Wash., Jan. 26 (UP).
Washington State's basketball five
won a 41-39 victory over Oregon
State in an overtime northern divi
sion Coast Conference game last
night.
PULLMAN, Wash., Jan. 26 (UP).
Washington State's basketball five
won a 41-39 victory over Oregon
State in an overtime northern divi
sion Coast Conference game last
night.
PULLMAN, Wash., Jan. 26 (UP).
Washington State's basketball five
won a 41-39 victory over Oregon
State in an overtime northern divi
sion Coast Conference game last
night.
PULLMAN, Wash., Jan. 26 (UP).
Washington State's basketball five
won a 41-39 victory over Oregon
State in an overtime northern divi
sion Coast Conference game last
night.
PULLMAN, Wash., Jan. 26 (UP).
Washington State's basketball five
won a 41-39 victory over Oregon
State in an overtime northern divi
sion Coast Conference game last
night.
PULLMAN, Wash., Jan. 26 (UP).
Washington State's basketball five
won a 41-39 victory over Oregon
State in an overtime northern divi
sion Coast Conference game last
night.
