# Young Democrats Choose Officers
## 
### 
Stanford Young Democrats elected
officers last Monday evening. Carl
Stover, undergraduate in political
science, is chairman and Bob Ben
nett, law graduate, vice-chairman.
Other officers elected were Al
berta Engvull, secretary, and Hex
Colman, treasurer.
Representing the membership on
the group's executive committee
were Nancy Genner, John Halpin,
Elliott Schreier, and Robert Dan
forth.
Stanford Young Democrats elected
officers last Monday evening. Carl
Stover, undergraduate in political
science, is chairman and Bob Ben
nett, law graduate, vice-chairman.
Other officers elected were Al
berta Engvull, secretary, and Hex
Colman, treasurer.
Representing the membership on
the group's executive committee
were Nancy Genner, John Halpin,
Elliott Schreier, and Robert Dan
forth.
Stanford Young Democrats elected
officers last Monday evening. Carl
Stover, undergraduate in political
science, is chairman and Bob Ben
nett, law graduate, vice-chairman.
Other officers elected were Al
berta Engvull, secretary, and Hex
Colman, treasurer.
Representing the membership on
the group's executive committee
were Nancy Genner, John Halpin,
Elliott Schreier, and Robert Dan
forth.
Stanford Young Democrats elected
officers last Monday evening. Carl
Stover, undergraduate in political
science, is chairman and Bob Ben
nett, law graduate, vice-chairman.
Other officers elected were Al
berta Engvull, secretary, and Hex
Colman, treasurer.
Representing the membership on
the group's executive committee
were Nancy Genner, John Halpin,
Elliott Schreier, and Robert Dan
forth.
Stanford Young Democrats elected
officers last Monday evening. Carl
Stover, undergraduate in political
science, is chairman and Bob Ben
nett, law graduate, vice-chairman.
Other officers elected were Al
berta Engvull, secretary, and Hex
Colman, treasurer.
Representing the membership on
the group's executive committee
were Nancy Genner, John Halpin,
Elliott Schreier, and Robert Dan
forth.
Stanford Young Democrats elected
officers last Monday evening. Carl
Stover, undergraduate in political
science, is chairman and Bob Ben
nett, law graduate, vice-chairman.
Other officers elected were Al
berta Engvull, secretary, and Hex
Colman, treasurer.
Representing the membership on
the group's executive committee
were Nancy Genner, John Halpin,
Elliott Schreier, and Robert Dan
forth.
Stanford Young Democrats elected
officers last Monday evening. Carl
Stover, undergraduate in political
science, is chairman and Bob Ben
nett, law graduate, vice-chairman.
Other officers elected were Al
berta Engvull, secretary, and Hex
Colman, treasurer.
Representing the membership on
the group's executive committee
were Nancy Genner, John Halpin,
Elliott Schreier, and Robert Dan
forth.
Stanford Young Democrats elected
officers last Monday evening. Carl
Stover, undergraduate in political
science, is chairman and Bob Ben
nett, law graduate, vice-chairman.
Other officers elected were Al
berta Engvull, secretary, and Hex
Colman, treasurer.
Representing the membership on
the group's executive committee
were Nancy Genner, John Halpin,
Elliott Schreier, and Robert Dan
forth.
Stanford Young Democrats elected
officers last Monday evening. Carl
Stover, undergraduate in political
science, is chairman and Bob Ben
nett, law graduate, vice-chairman.
Other officers elected were Al
berta Engvull, secretary, and Hex
Colman, treasurer.
Representing the membership on
the group's executive committee
were Nancy Genner, John Halpin,
Elliott Schreier, and Robert Dan
forth.
Stanford Young Democrats elected
officers last Monday evening. Carl
Stover, undergraduate in political
science, is chairman and Bob Ben
nett, law graduate, vice-chairman.
Other officers elected were Al
berta Engvull, secretary, and Hex
Colman, treasurer.
Representing the membership on
the group's executive committee
were Nancy Genner, John Halpin,
Elliott Schreier, and Robert Dan
forth.
Stanford Young Democrats elected
officers last Monday evening. Carl
Stover, undergraduate in political
science, is chairman and Bob Ben
nett, law graduate, vice-chairman.
Other officers elected were Al
berta Engvull, secretary, and Hex
Colman, treasurer.
Representing the membership on
the group's executive committee
were Nancy Genner, John Halpin,
Elliott Schreier, and Robert Dan
forth.
Stanford Young Democrats elected
officers last Monday evening. Carl
Stover, undergraduate in political
science, is chairman and Bob Ben
nett, law graduate, vice-chairman.
Other officers elected were Al
berta Engvull, secretary, and Hex
Colman, treasurer.
Representing the membership on
the group's executive committee
were Nancy Genner, John Halpin,
Elliott Schreier, and Robert Dan
forth.
Stanford Young Democrats elected
officers last Monday evening. Carl
Stover, undergraduate in political
science, is chairman and Bob Ben
nett, law graduate, vice-chairman.
Other officers elected were Al
berta Engvull, secretary, and Hex
Colman, treasurer.
Representing the membership on
the group's executive committee
were Nancy Genner, John Halpin,
Elliott Schreier, and Robert Dan
forth.
Stanford Young Democrats elected
officers last Monday evening. Carl
Stover, undergraduate in political
science, is chairman and Bob Ben
nett, law graduate, vice-chairman.
Other officers elected were Al
berta Engvull, secretary, and Hex
Colman, treasurer.
Representing the membership on
the group's executive committee
were Nancy Genner, John Halpin,
Elliott Schreier, and Robert Dan
forth.
