# Pearl Harbor revenged
## 
### 
dj "Rising Sun"
I makes many
Asian people really angry
by portraying Japanese
businessmen as evil im
perialists — and by using
pretty shoddy dialogue.
Cover photo by A 1 Green

dj "Rising Sun"
I makes many
Asian people really angry
by portraying Japanese
businessmen as evil im
perialists — and by using
pretty shoddy dialogue.
Cover photo by A 1 Green

dj "Rising Sun"
I makes many
Asian people really angry
by portraying Japanese
businessmen as evil im
perialists — and by using
pretty shoddy dialogue.
Cover photo by A 1 Green

dj "Rising Sun"
I makes many
Asian people really angry
by portraying Japanese
businessmen as evil im
perialists — and by using
pretty shoddy dialogue.
Cover photo by A 1 Green

dj "Rising Sun"
I makes many
Asian people really angry
by portraying Japanese
businessmen as evil im
perialists — and by using
pretty shoddy dialogue.
Cover photo by A 1 Green

dj "Rising Sun"
I makes many
Asian people really angry
by portraying Japanese
businessmen as evil im
perialists — and by using
pretty shoddy dialogue.
Cover photo by A 1 Green

dj "Rising Sun"
I makes many
Asian people really angry
by portraying Japanese
businessmen as evil im
perialists — and by using
pretty shoddy dialogue.
Cover photo by A 1 Green

