# Schedule.
## 
### 
Monday.
Mechanical Engineering Club meets
in room 11 quad, 7:15 p.m.
Tuesday.
Senior Farce committee meets, room
10 quad, 1:80 p.m.
Panjo Club meets, room 13 quad,
7:80 p.m.
Prof, lirun lectures on "How I be
came a private in the French
army," chapel, 7:80 p.m.
Wednesday.
Press Club meets, room 11 quad, 8
p.m.
Thursday.
Junior Day Program Committee
meets, room 10 quad, 1:80 p.m.
Popular Science lecture —Dr. Jenk
ins lectures on ''The animal mo
tor," chemistry lecture room, 7:80
p.m.
Monday.
Mechanical Engineering Club meets
in room 11 quad, 7:15 p.m.
Tuesday.
Senior Farce committee meets, room
10 quad, 1:80 p.m.
Panjo Club meets, room 13 quad,
7:80 p.m.
Prof, lirun lectures on "How I be
came a private in the French
army," chapel, 7:80 p.m.
Wednesday.
Press Club meets, room 11 quad, 8
p.m.
Thursday.
Junior Day Program Committee
meets, room 10 quad, 1:80 p.m.
Popular Science lecture —Dr. Jenk
ins lectures on ''The animal mo
tor," chemistry lecture room, 7:80
p.m.
Monday.
Mechanical Engineering Club meets
in room 11 quad, 7:15 p.m.
Tuesday.
Senior Farce committee meets, room
10 quad, 1:80 p.m.
Panjo Club meets, room 13 quad,
7:80 p.m.
Prof, lirun lectures on "How I be
came a private in the French
army," chapel, 7:80 p.m.
Wednesday.
Press Club meets, room 11 quad, 8
p.m.
Thursday.
Junior Day Program Committee
meets, room 10 quad, 1:80 p.m.
Popular Science lecture —Dr. Jenk
ins lectures on ''The animal mo
tor," chemistry lecture room, 7:80
p.m.
Monday.
Mechanical Engineering Club meets
in room 11 quad, 7:15 p.m.
Tuesday.
Senior Farce committee meets, room
10 quad, 1:80 p.m.
Panjo Club meets, room 13 quad,
7:80 p.m.
Prof, lirun lectures on "How I be
came a private in the French
army," chapel, 7:80 p.m.
Wednesday.
Press Club meets, room 11 quad, 8
p.m.
Thursday.
Junior Day Program Committee
meets, room 10 quad, 1:80 p.m.
Popular Science lecture —Dr. Jenk
ins lectures on ''The animal mo
tor," chemistry lecture room, 7:80
p.m.
Monday.
Mechanical Engineering Club meets
in room 11 quad, 7:15 p.m.
Tuesday.
Senior Farce committee meets, room
10 quad, 1:80 p.m.
Panjo Club meets, room 13 quad,
7:80 p.m.
Prof, lirun lectures on "How I be
came a private in the French
army," chapel, 7:80 p.m.
Wednesday.
Press Club meets, room 11 quad, 8
p.m.
Thursday.
Junior Day Program Committee
meets, room 10 quad, 1:80 p.m.
Popular Science lecture —Dr. Jenk
ins lectures on ''The animal mo
tor," chemistry lecture room, 7:80
p.m.
