# Inter-Class Games Scheduled.
## 
### 
The captains of the different
classes in their meeting Friday
afternoon decided upon inter-class
games as follows: '90 vs. '99, Thurs
day; '98 vs. '97, Tuesday Feb. 25;
winners to settle the championship
on the Friday following the last of
the above matches.
The captains of the different
classes in their meeting Friday
afternoon decided upon inter-class
games as follows: '90 vs. '99, Thurs
day; '98 vs. '97, Tuesday Feb. 25;
winners to settle the championship
on the Friday following the last of
the above matches.
The captains of the different
classes in their meeting Friday
afternoon decided upon inter-class
games as follows: '90 vs. '99, Thurs
day; '98 vs. '97, Tuesday Feb. 25;
winners to settle the championship
on the Friday following the last of
the above matches.
The captains of the different
classes in their meeting Friday
afternoon decided upon inter-class
games as follows: '90 vs. '99, Thurs
day; '98 vs. '97, Tuesday Feb. 25;
winners to settle the championship
on the Friday following the last of
the above matches.
The captains of the different
classes in their meeting Friday
afternoon decided upon inter-class
games as follows: '90 vs. '99, Thurs
day; '98 vs. '97, Tuesday Feb. 25;
winners to settle the championship
on the Friday following the last of
the above matches.
