# LECTURES TONIGHT
## 
### 

Professor Albert Eduard Michotte,
who will describe Louvain in illus
trated talk tonight in Little Theatre.

Professor Albert Eduard Michotte,
who will describe Louvain in illus
trated talk tonight in Little Theatre.

Professor Albert Eduard Michotte,
who will describe Louvain in illus
trated talk tonight in Little Theatre.

Professor Albert Eduard Michotte,
who will describe Louvain in illus
trated talk tonight in Little Theatre.

Professor Albert Eduard Michotte,
who will describe Louvain in illus
trated talk tonight in Little Theatre.

Professor Albert Eduard Michotte,
who will describe Louvain in illus
trated talk tonight in Little Theatre.

Professor Albert Eduard Michotte,
who will describe Louvain in illus
trated talk tonight in Little Theatre.

Professor Albert Eduard Michotte,
who will describe Louvain in illus
trated talk tonight in Little Theatre.

Professor Albert Eduard Michotte,
who will describe Louvain in illus
trated talk tonight in Little Theatre.

Professor Albert Eduard Michotte,
who will describe Louvain in illus
trated talk tonight in Little Theatre.

Professor Albert Eduard Michotte,
who will describe Louvain in illus
trated talk tonight in Little Theatre.

Professor Albert Eduard Michotte,
who will describe Louvain in illus
trated talk tonight in Little Theatre.

Professor Albert Eduard Michotte,
who will describe Louvain in illus
trated talk tonight in Little Theatre.

Professor Albert Eduard Michotte,
who will describe Louvain in illus
trated talk tonight in Little Theatre.

Professor Albert Eduard Michotte,
who will describe Louvain in illus
trated talk tonight in Little Theatre.

Professor Albert Eduard Michotte,
who will describe Louvain in illus
trated talk tonight in Little Theatre.
