# Harry Maloney Recovering Rapidly From Operation
## 
### 
Harry Maloney, director of physical
elucation and hygiene, underwent an
operation Friday in the Palo Alto hos
pital as the result of a muscle strain
received in France during the World
War.
Sunday, he returned home and is
convalescing rapidly, according to the
report of Mrs. Maloney, and will be
ready to take up his duties as boxing
instructor when school opens in Sep
tember.
Harry Maloney, director of physical
elucation and hygiene, underwent an
operation Friday in the Palo Alto hos
pital as the result of a muscle strain
received in France during the World
War.
Sunday, he returned home and is
convalescing rapidly, according to the
report of Mrs. Maloney, and will be
ready to take up his duties as boxing
instructor when school opens in Sep
tember.
Harry Maloney, director of physical
elucation and hygiene, underwent an
operation Friday in the Palo Alto hos
pital as the result of a muscle strain
received in France during the World
War.
Sunday, he returned home and is
convalescing rapidly, according to the
report of Mrs. Maloney, and will be
ready to take up his duties as boxing
instructor when school opens in Sep
tember.
Harry Maloney, director of physical
elucation and hygiene, underwent an
operation Friday in the Palo Alto hos
pital as the result of a muscle strain
received in France during the World
War.
Sunday, he returned home and is
convalescing rapidly, according to the
report of Mrs. Maloney, and will be
ready to take up his duties as boxing
instructor when school opens in Sep
tember.
Harry Maloney, director of physical
elucation and hygiene, underwent an
operation Friday in the Palo Alto hos
pital as the result of a muscle strain
received in France during the World
War.
Sunday, he returned home and is
convalescing rapidly, according to the
report of Mrs. Maloney, and will be
ready to take up his duties as boxing
instructor when school opens in Sep
tember.
Harry Maloney, director of physical
elucation and hygiene, underwent an
operation Friday in the Palo Alto hos
pital as the result of a muscle strain
received in France during the World
War.
Sunday, he returned home and is
convalescing rapidly, according to the
report of Mrs. Maloney, and will be
ready to take up his duties as boxing
instructor when school opens in Sep
tember.
Harry Maloney, director of physical
elucation and hygiene, underwent an
operation Friday in the Palo Alto hos
pital as the result of a muscle strain
received in France during the World
War.
Sunday, he returned home and is
convalescing rapidly, according to the
report of Mrs. Maloney, and will be
ready to take up his duties as boxing
instructor when school opens in Sep
tember.
Harry Maloney, director of physical
elucation and hygiene, underwent an
operation Friday in the Palo Alto hos
pital as the result of a muscle strain
received in France during the World
War.
Sunday, he returned home and is
convalescing rapidly, according to the
report of Mrs. Maloney, and will be
ready to take up his duties as boxing
instructor when school opens in Sep
tember.
Harry Maloney, director of physical
elucation and hygiene, underwent an
operation Friday in the Palo Alto hos
pital as the result of a muscle strain
received in France during the World
War.
Sunday, he returned home and is
convalescing rapidly, according to the
report of Mrs. Maloney, and will be
ready to take up his duties as boxing
instructor when school opens in Sep
tember.
Harry Maloney, director of physical
elucation and hygiene, underwent an
operation Friday in the Palo Alto hos
pital as the result of a muscle strain
received in France during the World
War.
Sunday, he returned home and is
convalescing rapidly, according to the
report of Mrs. Maloney, and will be
ready to take up his duties as boxing
instructor when school opens in Sep
tember.
Harry Maloney, director of physical
elucation and hygiene, underwent an
operation Friday in the Palo Alto hos
pital as the result of a muscle strain
received in France during the World
War.
Sunday, he returned home and is
convalescing rapidly, according to the
report of Mrs. Maloney, and will be
ready to take up his duties as boxing
instructor when school opens in Sep
tember.
Harry Maloney, director of physical
elucation and hygiene, underwent an
operation Friday in the Palo Alto hos
pital as the result of a muscle strain
received in France during the World
War.
Sunday, he returned home and is
convalescing rapidly, according to the
report of Mrs. Maloney, and will be
ready to take up his duties as boxing
instructor when school opens in Sep
tember.
Harry Maloney, director of physical
elucation and hygiene, underwent an
operation Friday in the Palo Alto hos
pital as the result of a muscle strain
received in France during the World
War.
Sunday, he returned home and is
convalescing rapidly, according to the
report of Mrs. Maloney, and will be
ready to take up his duties as boxing
instructor when school opens in Sep
tember.
Harry Maloney, director of physical
elucation and hygiene, underwent an
operation Friday in the Palo Alto hos
pital as the result of a muscle strain
received in France during the World
War.
Sunday, he returned home and is
convalescing rapidly, according to the
report of Mrs. Maloney, and will be
ready to take up his duties as boxing
instructor when school opens in Sep
tember.
Harry Maloney, director of physical
elucation and hygiene, underwent an
operation Friday in the Palo Alto hos
pital as the result of a muscle strain
received in France during the World
War.
Sunday, he returned home and is
convalescing rapidly, according to the
report of Mrs. Maloney, and will be
ready to take up his duties as boxing
instructor when school opens in Sep
tember.
Harry Maloney, director of physical
elucation and hygiene, underwent an
operation Friday in the Palo Alto hos
pital as the result of a muscle strain
received in France during the World
War.
Sunday, he returned home and is
convalescing rapidly, according to the
report of Mrs. Maloney, and will be
ready to take up his duties as boxing
instructor when school opens in Sep
tember.
