# Paving Of Mayfield Road Begun By County Officials
## 
### 
Providing a convenient outlet to
Mayfield for back-campus residents,
the road between Lasuen Avenue and
Mayfield Road is being surfaced and
reconditioned in preparation for the
fall quarter.
This is a county project and no
action had been taken until recently
to pave it. Besides connecting with
Mayfield this will also reopen the
route to the San Francisquito bridge,
which is now under construction.
Speedboat taxi service has been
started on the Chicago river.
Providing a convenient outlet to
Mayfield for back-campus residents,
the road between Lasuen Avenue and
Mayfield Road is being surfaced and
reconditioned in preparation for the
fall quarter.
This is a county project and no
action had been taken until recently
to pave it. Besides connecting with
Mayfield this will also reopen the
route to the San Francisquito bridge,
which is now under construction.
Speedboat taxi service has been
started on the Chicago river.
Providing a convenient outlet to
Mayfield for back-campus residents,
the road between Lasuen Avenue and
Mayfield Road is being surfaced and
reconditioned in preparation for the
fall quarter.
This is a county project and no
action had been taken until recently
to pave it. Besides connecting with
Mayfield this will also reopen the
route to the San Francisquito bridge,
which is now under construction.
Speedboat taxi service has been
started on the Chicago river.
Providing a convenient outlet to
Mayfield for back-campus residents,
the road between Lasuen Avenue and
Mayfield Road is being surfaced and
reconditioned in preparation for the
fall quarter.
This is a county project and no
action had been taken until recently
to pave it. Besides connecting with
Mayfield this will also reopen the
route to the San Francisquito bridge,
which is now under construction.
Speedboat taxi service has been
started on the Chicago river.
Providing a convenient outlet to
Mayfield for back-campus residents,
the road between Lasuen Avenue and
Mayfield Road is being surfaced and
reconditioned in preparation for the
fall quarter.
This is a county project and no
action had been taken until recently
to pave it. Besides connecting with
Mayfield this will also reopen the
route to the San Francisquito bridge,
which is now under construction.
Speedboat taxi service has been
started on the Chicago river.
Providing a convenient outlet to
Mayfield for back-campus residents,
the road between Lasuen Avenue and
Mayfield Road is being surfaced and
reconditioned in preparation for the
fall quarter.
This is a county project and no
action had been taken until recently
to pave it. Besides connecting with
Mayfield this will also reopen the
route to the San Francisquito bridge,
which is now under construction.
Speedboat taxi service has been
started on the Chicago river.
Providing a convenient outlet to
Mayfield for back-campus residents,
the road between Lasuen Avenue and
Mayfield Road is being surfaced and
reconditioned in preparation for the
fall quarter.
This is a county project and no
action had been taken until recently
to pave it. Besides connecting with
Mayfield this will also reopen the
route to the San Francisquito bridge,
which is now under construction.
Speedboat taxi service has been
started on the Chicago river.
Providing a convenient outlet to
Mayfield for back-campus residents,
the road between Lasuen Avenue and
Mayfield Road is being surfaced and
reconditioned in preparation for the
fall quarter.
This is a county project and no
action had been taken until recently
to pave it. Besides connecting with
Mayfield this will also reopen the
route to the San Francisquito bridge,
which is now under construction.
Speedboat taxi service has been
started on the Chicago river.
Providing a convenient outlet to
Mayfield for back-campus residents,
the road between Lasuen Avenue and
Mayfield Road is being surfaced and
reconditioned in preparation for the
fall quarter.
This is a county project and no
action had been taken until recently
to pave it. Besides connecting with
Mayfield this will also reopen the
route to the San Francisquito bridge,
which is now under construction.
Speedboat taxi service has been
started on the Chicago river.
Providing a convenient outlet to
Mayfield for back-campus residents,
the road between Lasuen Avenue and
Mayfield Road is being surfaced and
reconditioned in preparation for the
fall quarter.
This is a county project and no
action had been taken until recently
to pave it. Besides connecting with
Mayfield this will also reopen the
route to the San Francisquito bridge,
which is now under construction.
Speedboat taxi service has been
started on the Chicago river.
Providing a convenient outlet to
Mayfield for back-campus residents,
the road between Lasuen Avenue and
Mayfield Road is being surfaced and
reconditioned in preparation for the
fall quarter.
This is a county project and no
action had been taken until recently
to pave it. Besides connecting with
Mayfield this will also reopen the
route to the San Francisquito bridge,
which is now under construction.
Speedboat taxi service has been
started on the Chicago river.
Providing a convenient outlet to
Mayfield for back-campus residents,
the road between Lasuen Avenue and
Mayfield Road is being surfaced and
reconditioned in preparation for the
fall quarter.
This is a county project and no
action had been taken until recently
to pave it. Besides connecting with
Mayfield this will also reopen the
route to the San Francisquito bridge,
which is now under construction.
Speedboat taxi service has been
started on the Chicago river.
Providing a convenient outlet to
Mayfield for back-campus residents,
the road between Lasuen Avenue and
Mayfield Road is being surfaced and
reconditioned in preparation for the
fall quarter.
This is a county project and no
action had been taken until recently
to pave it. Besides connecting with
Mayfield this will also reopen the
route to the San Francisquito bridge,
which is now under construction.
Speedboat taxi service has been
started on the Chicago river.
Providing a convenient outlet to
Mayfield for back-campus residents,
the road between Lasuen Avenue and
Mayfield Road is being surfaced and
reconditioned in preparation for the
fall quarter.
This is a county project and no
action had been taken until recently
to pave it. Besides connecting with
Mayfield this will also reopen the
route to the San Francisquito bridge,
which is now under construction.
Speedboat taxi service has been
started on the Chicago river.
Providing a convenient outlet to
Mayfield for back-campus residents,
the road between Lasuen Avenue and
Mayfield Road is being surfaced and
reconditioned in preparation for the
fall quarter.
This is a county project and no
action had been taken until recently
to pave it. Besides connecting with
Mayfield this will also reopen the
route to the San Francisquito bridge,
which is now under construction.
Speedboat taxi service has been
started on the Chicago river.
Providing a convenient outlet to
Mayfield for back-campus residents,
the road between Lasuen Avenue and
Mayfield Road is being surfaced and
reconditioned in preparation for the
fall quarter.
This is a county project and no
action had been taken until recently
to pave it. Besides connecting with
Mayfield this will also reopen the
route to the San Francisquito bridge,
which is now under construction.
Speedboat taxi service has been
started on the Chicago river.
