# CAMPUS BUS LINE NEGOTIATIONS PENDING COMMISSION'S DECISION
## 
### 
Negotiations between University of
ficials and the Peninsular Railway
Company on the establishment of a
campus bus line to supersede the
present trolley service has been in
definitely postponed, announces E. G.
Shoup, superintendent of the Penin
sular Railway Company.
Action on plans of this project will
be delayed pending the decision of
the State Railway Commission on the
petition of the railway company to
remove the rails bordering the high
way from Palo Alto to Mayfield. Re
moval of these tracks will close con
nections with the campus electric line
and thereby terminate service to the
campus.
In the opinion of Comptroller A. E.
Roth the new bus line will have a
convenient flexibility. It is probable
that the line will run down Palm Drive
and make a loop through the busiest
parts of the campus.
