# University Bulletin.
## 
### 
Friday.
Senior Farce chorus rehearsal,
chapel, 3:30.
Senior Farce rehearsal, Assembly
Hall, 4:00.
Festival Choir rehearsal, chapel,
4:30.
Women's League meets,ltoble,4 to 6.
Philolexian Literary Society, busi
ness meeting, 7:30.
Saturday.
Senior Farce chorus rehearsal,
chapel, 3:30.
Intersociety Debating League meets,
room 2, 7:30.
Friday.
Senior Farce chorus rehearsal,
chapel, 3:30.
Senior Farce rehearsal, Assembly
Hall, 4:00.
Festival Choir rehearsal, chapel,
4:30.
Women's League meets,ltoble,4 to 6.
Philolexian Literary Society, busi
ness meeting, 7:30.
Saturday.
Senior Farce chorus rehearsal,
chapel, 3:30.
Intersociety Debating League meets,
room 2, 7:30.
Friday.
Senior Farce chorus rehearsal,
chapel, 3:30.
Senior Farce rehearsal, Assembly
Hall, 4:00.
Festival Choir rehearsal, chapel,
4:30.
Women's League meets,ltoble,4 to 6.
Philolexian Literary Society, busi
ness meeting, 7:30.
Saturday.
Senior Farce chorus rehearsal,
chapel, 3:30.
Intersociety Debating League meets,
room 2, 7:30.
Friday.
Senior Farce chorus rehearsal,
chapel, 3:30.
Senior Farce rehearsal, Assembly
Hall, 4:00.
Festival Choir rehearsal, chapel,
4:30.
Women's League meets,ltoble,4 to 6.
Philolexian Literary Society, busi
ness meeting, 7:30.
Saturday.
Senior Farce chorus rehearsal,
chapel, 3:30.
Intersociety Debating League meets,
room 2, 7:30.
Friday.
Senior Farce chorus rehearsal,
chapel, 3:30.
Senior Farce rehearsal, Assembly
Hall, 4:00.
Festival Choir rehearsal, chapel,
4:30.
Women's League meets,ltoble,4 to 6.
Philolexian Literary Society, busi
ness meeting, 7:30.
Saturday.
Senior Farce chorus rehearsal,
chapel, 3:30.
Intersociety Debating League meets,
room 2, 7:30.
Friday.
Senior Farce chorus rehearsal,
chapel, 3:30.
Senior Farce rehearsal, Assembly
Hall, 4:00.
Festival Choir rehearsal, chapel,
4:30.
Women's League meets,ltoble,4 to 6.
Philolexian Literary Society, busi
ness meeting, 7:30.
Saturday.
Senior Farce chorus rehearsal,
chapel, 3:30.
Intersociety Debating League meets,
room 2, 7:30.
Friday.
Senior Farce chorus rehearsal,
chapel, 3:30.
Senior Farce rehearsal, Assembly
Hall, 4:00.
Festival Choir rehearsal, chapel,
4:30.
Women's League meets,ltoble,4 to 6.
Philolexian Literary Society, busi
ness meeting, 7:30.
Saturday.
Senior Farce chorus rehearsal,
chapel, 3:30.
Intersociety Debating League meets,
room 2, 7:30.
