# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Elizabethan Carnival next
Tuesday afternoon and evening
occurs just before a holiday and
offers a chance for every one who is
working under the strain of final
examination week to enjoy a few
hours of refreshing recreation. For
those who leave before the Com
mencement festivities it will give
a final opportunity this year to en
ter into the broader current of
undergraduate life when practically
the entire student body is brought
together. This is usually accom
plished only by athletic games and

entertainments such as the farces.
The water carnival is a new fea
ture and will be an attractive one.
It is intended simply for a good
time minus the neutralizing sad
ness that grows out of the farewell
side of Commencement week.
The Elizabethan Carnival next
Tuesday afternoon and evening
occurs just before a holiday and
offers a chance for every one who is
working under the strain of final
examination week to enjoy a few
hours of refreshing recreation. For
those who leave before the Com
mencement festivities it will give
a final opportunity this year to en
ter into the broader current of
undergraduate life when practically
the entire student body is brought
together. This is usually accom
plished only by athletic games and

entertainments such as the farces.
The water carnival is a new fea
ture and will be an attractive one.
It is intended simply for a good
time minus the neutralizing sad
ness that grows out of the farewell
side of Commencement week.
The Elizabethan Carnival next
Tuesday afternoon and evening
occurs just before a holiday and
offers a chance for every one who is
working under the strain of final
examination week to enjoy a few
hours of refreshing recreation. For
those who leave before the Com
mencement festivities it will give
a final opportunity this year to en
ter into the broader current of
undergraduate life when practically
the entire student body is brought
together. This is usually accom
plished only by athletic games and

entertainments such as the farces.
The water carnival is a new fea
ture and will be an attractive one.
It is intended simply for a good
time minus the neutralizing sad
ness that grows out of the farewell
side of Commencement week.
The Elizabethan Carnival next
Tuesday afternoon and evening
occurs just before a holiday and
offers a chance for every one who is
working under the strain of final
examination week to enjoy a few
hours of refreshing recreation. For
those who leave before the Com
mencement festivities it will give
a final opportunity this year to en
ter into the broader current of
undergraduate life when practically
the entire student body is brought
together. This is usually accom
plished only by athletic games and

entertainments such as the farces.
The water carnival is a new fea
ture and will be an attractive one.
It is intended simply for a good
time minus the neutralizing sad
ness that grows out of the farewell
side of Commencement week.
The Elizabethan Carnival next
Tuesday afternoon and evening
occurs just before a holiday and
offers a chance for every one who is
working under the strain of final
examination week to enjoy a few
hours of refreshing recreation. For
those who leave before the Com
mencement festivities it will give
a final opportunity this year to en
ter into the broader current of
undergraduate life when practically
the entire student body is brought
together. This is usually accom
plished only by athletic games and

entertainments such as the farces.
The water carnival is a new fea
ture and will be an attractive one.
It is intended simply for a good
time minus the neutralizing sad
ness that grows out of the farewell
side of Commencement week.
The Elizabethan Carnival next
Tuesday afternoon and evening
occurs just before a holiday and
offers a chance for every one who is
working under the strain of final
examination week to enjoy a few
hours of refreshing recreation. For
those who leave before the Com
mencement festivities it will give
a final opportunity this year to en
ter into the broader current of
undergraduate life when practically
the entire student body is brought
together. This is usually accom
plished only by athletic games and

entertainments such as the farces.
The water carnival is a new fea
ture and will be an attractive one.
It is intended simply for a good
time minus the neutralizing sad
ness that grows out of the farewell
side of Commencement week.
The Elizabethan Carnival next
Tuesday afternoon and evening
occurs just before a holiday and
offers a chance for every one who is
working under the strain of final
examination week to enjoy a few
hours of refreshing recreation. For
those who leave before the Com
mencement festivities it will give
a final opportunity this year to en
ter into the broader current of
undergraduate life when practically
the entire student body is brought
together. This is usually accom
plished only by athletic games and

entertainments such as the farces.
The water carnival is a new fea
ture and will be an attractive one.
It is intended simply for a good
time minus the neutralizing sad
ness that grows out of the farewell
side of Commencement week.
