# WOMEN'S EDITION WILL APPEAR ON CAMPUS MONDAY
## 
### 
Men's names will be con
spicuous for their absence in
the Daily masthead Monday
for that is the (late of this
year's "Women's Edition."
News articles, features,
sports, and editorials will be
written in an office aflutter
with femininity. The saving
grace of woman's intuition (it
is hoped) will lead the fair
journalisls through the perils
of "edits" and "sideline
slants."
The present women's editor,
Sylva Weaver, will maintain
her exalted position exeept
that she may occupy the cov
eted swivel chair and clip
stories with a masculine au
thority.
