# Adv. 12 Page 9
## 
### 
Seeking a sitter for one weekend
night/wk (approx SPM -11 PM)
for our two daughters 2 and 6
yrs old. Close to University Ave
email: kmcnutthart@hotmail.com
with phone number and experience
$20/ hr 650.321.8399
January 31,2008 5:15-6:45 p.m.
Bishop Auditorium - Stanford GSB
Gene Zelazny - McKinsey & Co. NY
Make the Most of Your Next
Presentation
Contact: Management Comm Program
650-725-1914
SEMINAR: Becoming an Egg Donor
Conducted by a 7th time donor
who received $75,000 per
donation. Cost of Seminar $99.
Date: Fr or Sa on Jan. 25/26 th.
E-mail to reserve a spot at
barborak@stanford.edu. Thank you
My name is Rev Father Patrick La
i have two English bulldog 1 male
and 1 female i will like to give
out my puppie ..if you are instr
ested in the puppies.kindly get
back to me this is my e-mail...
revpatricklarsonl I@yahoo.com
T/W/Th after school nanny needed
Portola Valley. Easy kids 10& 8.
TTTh 2:30-6:00, Wed 12:30-6:00.
Same 3 days for 9-hrs in summer.
$15-$2O/hr, DOE. 650-980-1361 or
elle-0005@stanfordalumni.org
Stanford's Worklife Office is
looking for students interested
in providing child care evenings
and weekends. Please call
(650)723-2660.
Seeking afternoon/evening help
for easygoing baby near
California Ave, 1-2Hrs/Day M-Th
Email: Katekeeler@mac.com
