# Students May Attend University Of Beirut
## 
### 
An American university
which has banned all political
organizations, forbidden all
demonstrations, and prohibited
the distribution of political
pamphlets of any sort on cam
pus would be regarded as un
usual, especially if 60-70 per
cent of its students were politi
cal zealots.
It would be regarded even
stranger if American politics
played a minor role in this
political ferment and were con
sidered only in as far as it in
fluenced developments in East
Africa, the Middle East and
Southern Europe.
This is, however, true of the
American University of Beirut,
Lebanon (AUB), where only a
third of the students and facul
ty are American. Although the
majority of the students are
Middle Eastern and African,
classes are taught in English.
Since 1964, Stanford has
taken advantage of the fact
by establishing a yearly ex
change with AUB. Each uni
versity has reciprocially grant
ed a tuition, room and board
scholarship to a selected stu
dent. Being fully accredited,
AUB's courses are accepted in
fulfillment of degree require
ments at Stanford.
Applications Available
Applications for the 1966-67
exchange are now available in

the ASSU office. The deadline
for completed applications is
February 28.
Chartered in the State of
New York in 1866 as a mis
sionary school, the university
has since severed its church af
filiations. Now the university
finds itself becoming a signifi
cant force in Middle Eastern
politics.
Such political movements as
Arab Nationalism can be traced
to the intellectual trends led
and elicited by the students and
professors of AUB.
The school is located in the
heart of Beirut, the cultural
center for the entire Arab reg
ion. Travel is easy and inex
pensive and distances between
the relics of previous civiliza
tions are surpiisingly short.
Between May and November,
the student body enjoys a pri
vate beach on the Mediterran
ean. Skiing resorts are only one
or two hours away during the
winter.
An American university
which has banned all political
organizations, forbidden all
demonstrations, and prohibited
the distribution of political
pamphlets of any sort on cam
pus would be regarded as un
usual, especially if 60-70 per
cent of its students were politi
cal zealots.
It would be regarded even
stranger if American politics
played a minor role in this
political ferment and were con
sidered only in as far as it in
fluenced developments in East
Africa, the Middle East and
Southern Europe.
This is, however, true of the
American University of Beirut,
Lebanon (AUB), where only a
third of the students and facul
ty are American. Although the
majority of the students are
Middle Eastern and African,
classes are taught in English.
Since 1964, Stanford has
taken advantage of the fact
by establishing a yearly ex
change with AUB. Each uni
versity has reciprocially grant
ed a tuition, room and board
scholarship to a selected stu
dent. Being fully accredited,
AUB's courses are accepted in
fulfillment of degree require
ments at Stanford.
Applications Available
Applications for the 1966-67
exchange are now available in

the ASSU office. The deadline
for completed applications is
February 28.
Chartered in the State of
New York in 1866 as a mis
sionary school, the university
has since severed its church af
filiations. Now the university
finds itself becoming a signifi
cant force in Middle Eastern
politics.
Such political movements as
Arab Nationalism can be traced
to the intellectual trends led
and elicited by the students and
professors of AUB.
The school is located in the
heart of Beirut, the cultural
center for the entire Arab reg
ion. Travel is easy and inex
pensive and distances between
the relics of previous civiliza
tions are surpiisingly short.
Between May and November,
the student body enjoys a pri
vate beach on the Mediterran
ean. Skiing resorts are only one
or two hours away during the
winter.
An American university
which has banned all political
organizations, forbidden all
demonstrations, and prohibited
the distribution of political
pamphlets of any sort on cam
pus would be regarded as un
usual, especially if 60-70 per
cent of its students were politi
cal zealots.
It would be regarded even
stranger if American politics
played a minor role in this
political ferment and were con
sidered only in as far as it in
fluenced developments in East
Africa, the Middle East and
Southern Europe.
This is, however, true of the
American University of Beirut,
Lebanon (AUB), where only a
third of the students and facul
ty are American. Although the
majority of the students are
Middle Eastern and African,
classes are taught in English.
Since 1964, Stanford has
taken advantage of the fact
by establishing a yearly ex
change with AUB. Each uni
versity has reciprocially grant
ed a tuition, room and board
scholarship to a selected stu
dent. Being fully accredited,
AUB's courses are accepted in
fulfillment of degree require
ments at Stanford.
Applications Available
Applications for the 1966-67
exchange are now available in

the ASSU office. The deadline
for completed applications is
February 28.
Chartered in the State of
New York in 1866 as a mis
sionary school, the university
has since severed its church af
filiations. Now the university
finds itself becoming a signifi
cant force in Middle Eastern
politics.
Such political movements as
Arab Nationalism can be traced
to the intellectual trends led
and elicited by the students and
professors of AUB.
The school is located in the
heart of Beirut, the cultural
center for the entire Arab reg
ion. Travel is easy and inex
pensive and distances between
the relics of previous civiliza
tions are surpiisingly short.
Between May and November,
the student body enjoys a pri
vate beach on the Mediterran
ean. Skiing resorts are only one
or two hours away during the
winter.
An American university
which has banned all political
organizations, forbidden all
demonstrations, and prohibited
the distribution of political
pamphlets of any sort on cam
pus would be regarded as un
usual, especially if 60-70 per
cent of its students were politi
cal zealots.
It would be regarded even
stranger if American politics
played a minor role in this
political ferment and were con
sidered only in as far as it in
fluenced developments in East
Africa, the Middle East and
Southern Europe.
This is, however, true of the
American University of Beirut,
Lebanon (AUB), where only a
third of the students and facul
ty are American. Although the
majority of the students are
Middle Eastern and African,
classes are taught in English.
Since 1964, Stanford has
taken advantage of the fact
by establishing a yearly ex
change with AUB. Each uni
versity has reciprocially grant
ed a tuition, room and board
scholarship to a selected stu
dent. Being fully accredited,
AUB's courses are accepted in
fulfillment of degree require
ments at Stanford.
Applications Available
Applications for the 1966-67
exchange are now available in

the ASSU office. The deadline
for completed applications is
February 28.
Chartered in the State of
New York in 1866 as a mis
sionary school, the university
has since severed its church af
filiations. Now the university
finds itself becoming a signifi
cant force in Middle Eastern
politics.
Such political movements as
Arab Nationalism can be traced
to the intellectual trends led
and elicited by the students and
professors of AUB.
The school is located in the
heart of Beirut, the cultural
center for the entire Arab reg
ion. Travel is easy and inex
pensive and distances between
the relics of previous civiliza
tions are surpiisingly short.
Between May and November,
the student body enjoys a pri
vate beach on the Mediterran
ean. Skiing resorts are only one
or two hours away during the
winter.
An American university
which has banned all political
organizations, forbidden all
demonstrations, and prohibited
the distribution of political
pamphlets of any sort on cam
pus would be regarded as un
usual, especially if 60-70 per
cent of its students were politi
cal zealots.
It would be regarded even
stranger if American politics
played a minor role in this
political ferment and were con
sidered only in as far as it in
fluenced developments in East
Africa, the Middle East and
Southern Europe.
This is, however, true of the
American University of Beirut,
Lebanon (AUB), where only a
third of the students and facul
ty are American. Although the
majority of the students are
Middle Eastern and African,
classes are taught in English.
Since 1964, Stanford has
taken advantage of the fact
by establishing a yearly ex
change with AUB. Each uni
versity has reciprocially grant
ed a tuition, room and board
scholarship to a selected stu
dent. Being fully accredited,
AUB's courses are accepted in
fulfillment of degree require
ments at Stanford.
Applications Available
Applications for the 1966-67
exchange are now available in

the ASSU office. The deadline
for completed applications is
February 28.
Chartered in the State of
New York in 1866 as a mis
sionary school, the university
has since severed its church af
filiations. Now the university
finds itself becoming a signifi
cant force in Middle Eastern
politics.
Such political movements as
Arab Nationalism can be traced
to the intellectual trends led
and elicited by the students and
professors of AUB.
The school is located in the
heart of Beirut, the cultural
center for the entire Arab reg
ion. Travel is easy and inex
pensive and distances between
the relics of previous civiliza
tions are surpiisingly short.
Between May and November,
the student body enjoys a pri
vate beach on the Mediterran
ean. Skiing resorts are only one
or two hours away during the
winter.
An American university
which has banned all political
organizations, forbidden all
demonstrations, and prohibited
the distribution of political
pamphlets of any sort on cam
pus would be regarded as un
usual, especially if 60-70 per
cent of its students were politi
cal zealots.
It would be regarded even
stranger if American politics
played a minor role in this
political ferment and were con
sidered only in as far as it in
fluenced developments in East
Africa, the Middle East and
Southern Europe.
This is, however, true of the
American University of Beirut,
Lebanon (AUB), where only a
third of the students and facul
ty are American. Although the
majority of the students are
Middle Eastern and African,
classes are taught in English.
Since 1964, Stanford has
taken advantage of the fact
by establishing a yearly ex
change with AUB. Each uni
versity has reciprocially grant
ed a tuition, room and board
scholarship to a selected stu
dent. Being fully accredited,
AUB's courses are accepted in
fulfillment of degree require
ments at Stanford.
Applications Available
Applications for the 1966-67
exchange are now available in

the ASSU office. The deadline
for completed applications is
February 28.
Chartered in the State of
New York in 1866 as a mis
sionary school, the university
has since severed its church af
filiations. Now the university
finds itself becoming a signifi
cant force in Middle Eastern
politics.
Such political movements as
Arab Nationalism can be traced
to the intellectual trends led
and elicited by the students and
professors of AUB.
The school is located in the
heart of Beirut, the cultural
center for the entire Arab reg
ion. Travel is easy and inex
pensive and distances between
the relics of previous civiliza
tions are surpiisingly short.
Between May and November,
the student body enjoys a pri
vate beach on the Mediterran
ean. Skiing resorts are only one
or two hours away during the
winter.
An American university
which has banned all political
organizations, forbidden all
demonstrations, and prohibited
the distribution of political
pamphlets of any sort on cam
pus would be regarded as un
usual, especially if 60-70 per
cent of its students were politi
cal zealots.
It would be regarded even
stranger if American politics
played a minor role in this
political ferment and were con
sidered only in as far as it in
fluenced developments in East
Africa, the Middle East and
Southern Europe.
This is, however, true of the
American University of Beirut,
Lebanon (AUB), where only a
third of the students and facul
ty are American. Although the
majority of the students are
Middle Eastern and African,
classes are taught in English.
Since 1964, Stanford has
taken advantage of the fact
by establishing a yearly ex
change with AUB. Each uni
versity has reciprocially grant
ed a tuition, room and board
scholarship to a selected stu
dent. Being fully accredited,
AUB's courses are accepted in
fulfillment of degree require
ments at Stanford.
Applications Available
Applications for the 1966-67
exchange are now available in

the ASSU office. The deadline
for completed applications is
February 28.
Chartered in the State of
New York in 1866 as a mis
sionary school, the university
has since severed its church af
filiations. Now the university
finds itself becoming a signifi
cant force in Middle Eastern
politics.
Such political movements as
Arab Nationalism can be traced
to the intellectual trends led
and elicited by the students and
professors of AUB.
The school is located in the
heart of Beirut, the cultural
center for the entire Arab reg
ion. Travel is easy and inex
pensive and distances between
the relics of previous civiliza
tions are surpiisingly short.
Between May and November,
the student body enjoys a pri
vate beach on the Mediterran
ean. Skiing resorts are only one
or two hours away during the
winter.
An American university
which has banned all political
organizations, forbidden all
demonstrations, and prohibited
the distribution of political
pamphlets of any sort on cam
pus would be regarded as un
usual, especially if 60-70 per
cent of its students were politi
cal zealots.
It would be regarded even
stranger if American politics
played a minor role in this
political ferment and were con
sidered only in as far as it in
fluenced developments in East
Africa, the Middle East and
Southern Europe.
This is, however, true of the
American University of Beirut,
Lebanon (AUB), where only a
third of the students and facul
ty are American. Although the
majority of the students are
Middle Eastern and African,
classes are taught in English.
Since 1964, Stanford has
taken advantage of the fact
by establishing a yearly ex
change with AUB. Each uni
versity has reciprocially grant
ed a tuition, room and board
scholarship to a selected stu
dent. Being fully accredited,
AUB's courses are accepted in
fulfillment of degree require
ments at Stanford.
Applications Available
Applications for the 1966-67
exchange are now available in

the ASSU office. The deadline
for completed applications is
February 28.
Chartered in the State of
New York in 1866 as a mis
sionary school, the university
has since severed its church af
filiations. Now the university
finds itself becoming a signifi
cant force in Middle Eastern
politics.
Such political movements as
Arab Nationalism can be traced
to the intellectual trends led
and elicited by the students and
professors of AUB.
The school is located in the
heart of Beirut, the cultural
center for the entire Arab reg
ion. Travel is easy and inex
pensive and distances between
the relics of previous civiliza
tions are surpiisingly short.
Between May and November,
the student body enjoys a pri
vate beach on the Mediterran
ean. Skiing resorts are only one
or two hours away during the
winter.
An American university
which has banned all political
organizations, forbidden all
demonstrations, and prohibited
the distribution of political
pamphlets of any sort on cam
pus would be regarded as un
usual, especially if 60-70 per
cent of its students were politi
cal zealots.
It would be regarded even
stranger if American politics
played a minor role in this
political ferment and were con
sidered only in as far as it in
fluenced developments in East
Africa, the Middle East and
Southern Europe.
This is, however, true of the
American University of Beirut,
Lebanon (AUB), where only a
third of the students and facul
ty are American. Although the
majority of the students are
Middle Eastern and African,
classes are taught in English.
Since 1964, Stanford has
taken advantage of the fact
by establishing a yearly ex
change with AUB. Each uni
versity has reciprocially grant
ed a tuition, room and board
scholarship to a selected stu
dent. Being fully accredited,
AUB's courses are accepted in
fulfillment of degree require
ments at Stanford.
Applications Available
Applications for the 1966-67
exchange are now available in

the ASSU office. The deadline
for completed applications is
February 28.
Chartered in the State of
New York in 1866 as a mis
sionary school, the university
has since severed its church af
filiations. Now the university
finds itself becoming a signifi
cant force in Middle Eastern
politics.
Such political movements as
Arab Nationalism can be traced
to the intellectual trends led
and elicited by the students and
professors of AUB.
The school is located in the
heart of Beirut, the cultural
center for the entire Arab reg
ion. Travel is easy and inex
pensive and distances between
the relics of previous civiliza
tions are surpiisingly short.
Between May and November,
the student body enjoys a pri
vate beach on the Mediterran
ean. Skiing resorts are only one
or two hours away during the
winter.
An American university
which has banned all political
organizations, forbidden all
demonstrations, and prohibited
the distribution of political
pamphlets of any sort on cam
pus would be regarded as un
usual, especially if 60-70 per
cent of its students were politi
cal zealots.
It would be regarded even
stranger if American politics
played a minor role in this
political ferment and were con
sidered only in as far as it in
fluenced developments in East
Africa, the Middle East and
Southern Europe.
This is, however, true of the
American University of Beirut,
Lebanon (AUB), where only a
third of the students and facul
ty are American. Although the
majority of the students are
Middle Eastern and African,
classes are taught in English.
Since 1964, Stanford has
taken advantage of the fact
by establishing a yearly ex
change with AUB. Each uni
versity has reciprocially grant
ed a tuition, room and board
scholarship to a selected stu
dent. Being fully accredited,
AUB's courses are accepted in
fulfillment of degree require
ments at Stanford.
Applications Available
Applications for the 1966-67
exchange are now available in

the ASSU office. The deadline
for completed applications is
February 28.
Chartered in the State of
New York in 1866 as a mis
sionary school, the university
has since severed its church af
filiations. Now the university
finds itself becoming a signifi
cant force in Middle Eastern
politics.
Such political movements as
Arab Nationalism can be traced
to the intellectual trends led
and elicited by the students and
professors of AUB.
The school is located in the
heart of Beirut, the cultural
center for the entire Arab reg
ion. Travel is easy and inex
pensive and distances between
the relics of previous civiliza
tions are surpiisingly short.
Between May and November,
the student body enjoys a pri
vate beach on the Mediterran
ean. Skiing resorts are only one
or two hours away during the
winter.
An American university
which has banned all political
organizations, forbidden all
demonstrations, and prohibited
the distribution of political
pamphlets of any sort on cam
pus would be regarded as un
usual, especially if 60-70 per
cent of its students were politi
cal zealots.
It would be regarded even
stranger if American politics
played a minor role in this
political ferment and were con
sidered only in as far as it in
fluenced developments in East
Africa, the Middle East and
Southern Europe.
This is, however, true of the
American University of Beirut,
Lebanon (AUB), where only a
third of the students and facul
ty are American. Although the
majority of the students are
Middle Eastern and African,
classes are taught in English.
Since 1964, Stanford has
taken advantage of the fact
by establishing a yearly ex
change with AUB. Each uni
versity has reciprocially grant
ed a tuition, room and board
scholarship to a selected stu
dent. Being fully accredited,
AUB's courses are accepted in
fulfillment of degree require
ments at Stanford.
Applications Available
Applications for the 1966-67
exchange are now available in

the ASSU office. The deadline
for completed applications is
February 28.
Chartered in the State of
New York in 1866 as a mis
sionary school, the university
has since severed its church af
filiations. Now the university
finds itself becoming a signifi
cant force in Middle Eastern
politics.
Such political movements as
Arab Nationalism can be traced
to the intellectual trends led
and elicited by the students and
professors of AUB.
The school is located in the
heart of Beirut, the cultural
center for the entire Arab reg
ion. Travel is easy and inex
pensive and distances between
the relics of previous civiliza
tions are surpiisingly short.
Between May and November,
the student body enjoys a pri
vate beach on the Mediterran
ean. Skiing resorts are only one
or two hours away during the
winter.
An American university
which has banned all political
organizations, forbidden all
demonstrations, and prohibited
the distribution of political
pamphlets of any sort on cam
pus would be regarded as un
usual, especially if 60-70 per
cent of its students were politi
cal zealots.
It would be regarded even
stranger if American politics
played a minor role in this
political ferment and were con
sidered only in as far as it in
fluenced developments in East
Africa, the Middle East and
Southern Europe.
This is, however, true of the
American University of Beirut,
Lebanon (AUB), where only a
third of the students and facul
ty are American. Although the
majority of the students are
Middle Eastern and African,
classes are taught in English.
Since 1964, Stanford has
taken advantage of the fact
by establishing a yearly ex
change with AUB. Each uni
versity has reciprocially grant
ed a tuition, room and board
scholarship to a selected stu
dent. Being fully accredited,
AUB's courses are accepted in
fulfillment of degree require
ments at Stanford.
Applications Available
Applications for the 1966-67
exchange are now available in

the ASSU office. The deadline
for completed applications is
February 28.
Chartered in the State of
New York in 1866 as a mis
sionary school, the university
has since severed its church af
filiations. Now the university
finds itself becoming a signifi
cant force in Middle Eastern
politics.
Such political movements as
Arab Nationalism can be traced
to the intellectual trends led
and elicited by the students and
professors of AUB.
The school is located in the
heart of Beirut, the cultural
center for the entire Arab reg
ion. Travel is easy and inex
pensive and distances between
the relics of previous civiliza
tions are surpiisingly short.
Between May and November,
the student body enjoys a pri
vate beach on the Mediterran
ean. Skiing resorts are only one
or two hours away during the
winter.
An American university
which has banned all political
organizations, forbidden all
demonstrations, and prohibited
the distribution of political
pamphlets of any sort on cam
pus would be regarded as un
usual, especially if 60-70 per
cent of its students were politi
cal zealots.
It would be regarded even
stranger if American politics
played a minor role in this
political ferment and were con
sidered only in as far as it in
fluenced developments in East
Africa, the Middle East and
Southern Europe.
This is, however, true of the
American University of Beirut,
Lebanon (AUB), where only a
third of the students and facul
ty are American. Although the
majority of the students are
Middle Eastern and African,
classes are taught in English.
Since 1964, Stanford has
taken advantage of the fact
by establishing a yearly ex
change with AUB. Each uni
versity has reciprocially grant
ed a tuition, room and board
scholarship to a selected stu
dent. Being fully accredited,
AUB's courses are accepted in
fulfillment of degree require
ments at Stanford.
Applications Available
Applications for the 1966-67
exchange are now available in

the ASSU office. The deadline
for completed applications is
February 28.
Chartered in the State of
New York in 1866 as a mis
sionary school, the university
has since severed its church af
filiations. Now the university
finds itself becoming a signifi
cant force in Middle Eastern
politics.
Such political movements as
Arab Nationalism can be traced
to the intellectual trends led
and elicited by the students and
professors of AUB.
The school is located in the
heart of Beirut, the cultural
center for the entire Arab reg
ion. Travel is easy and inex
pensive and distances between
the relics of previous civiliza
tions are surpiisingly short.
Between May and November,
the student body enjoys a pri
vate beach on the Mediterran
ean. Skiing resorts are only one
or two hours away during the
winter.
An American university
which has banned all political
organizations, forbidden all
demonstrations, and prohibited
the distribution of political
pamphlets of any sort on cam
pus would be regarded as un
usual, especially if 60-70 per
cent of its students were politi
cal zealots.
It would be regarded even
stranger if American politics
played a minor role in this
political ferment and were con
sidered only in as far as it in
fluenced developments in East
Africa, the Middle East and
Southern Europe.
This is, however, true of the
American University of Beirut,
Lebanon (AUB), where only a
third of the students and facul
ty are American. Although the
majority of the students are
Middle Eastern and African,
classes are taught in English.
Since 1964, Stanford has
taken advantage of the fact
by establishing a yearly ex
change with AUB. Each uni
versity has reciprocially grant
ed a tuition, room and board
scholarship to a selected stu
dent. Being fully accredited,
AUB's courses are accepted in
fulfillment of degree require
ments at Stanford.
Applications Available
Applications for the 1966-67
exchange are now available in

the ASSU office. The deadline
for completed applications is
February 28.
Chartered in the State of
New York in 1866 as a mis
sionary school, the university
has since severed its church af
filiations. Now the university
finds itself becoming a signifi
cant force in Middle Eastern
politics.
Such political movements as
Arab Nationalism can be traced
to the intellectual trends led
and elicited by the students and
professors of AUB.
The school is located in the
heart of Beirut, the cultural
center for the entire Arab reg
ion. Travel is easy and inex
pensive and distances between
the relics of previous civiliza
tions are surpiisingly short.
Between May and November,
the student body enjoys a pri
vate beach on the Mediterran
ean. Skiing resorts are only one
or two hours away during the
winter.
An American university
which has banned all political
organizations, forbidden all
demonstrations, and prohibited
the distribution of political
pamphlets of any sort on cam
pus would be regarded as un
usual, especially if 60-70 per
cent of its students were politi
cal zealots.
It would be regarded even
stranger if American politics
played a minor role in this
political ferment and were con
sidered only in as far as it in
fluenced developments in East
Africa, the Middle East and
Southern Europe.
This is, however, true of the
American University of Beirut,
Lebanon (AUB), where only a
third of the students and facul
ty are American. Although the
majority of the students are
Middle Eastern and African,
classes are taught in English.
Since 1964, Stanford has
taken advantage of the fact
by establishing a yearly ex
change with AUB. Each uni
versity has reciprocially grant
ed a tuition, room and board
scholarship to a selected stu
dent. Being fully accredited,
AUB's courses are accepted in
fulfillment of degree require
ments at Stanford.
Applications Available
Applications for the 1966-67
exchange are now available in

the ASSU office. The deadline
for completed applications is
February 28.
Chartered in the State of
New York in 1866 as a mis
sionary school, the university
has since severed its church af
filiations. Now the university
finds itself becoming a signifi
cant force in Middle Eastern
politics.
Such political movements as
Arab Nationalism can be traced
to the intellectual trends led
and elicited by the students and
professors of AUB.
The school is located in the
heart of Beirut, the cultural
center for the entire Arab reg
ion. Travel is easy and inex
pensive and distances between
the relics of previous civiliza
tions are surpiisingly short.
Between May and November,
the student body enjoys a pri
vate beach on the Mediterran
ean. Skiing resorts are only one
or two hours away during the
winter.
