# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Lady lightning
The women's tennis team
rolled like a thunder clap
over Harvard in the
NCAAs yesterday.
Page 11

Bay to Breakers
A Stanford grad raises big
bucks for this weekend's
big Bay Area race.
Page 6

'His Own' play
The Trancos dorm
production is an award
winning comedy by
freshman Douglas Abrams.
Page 8

Lady lightning
The women's tennis team
rolled like a thunder clap
over Harvard in the
NCAAs yesterday.
Page 11

Bay to Breakers
A Stanford grad raises big
bucks for this weekend's
big Bay Area race.
Page 6

'His Own' play
The Trancos dorm
production is an award
winning comedy by
freshman Douglas Abrams.
Page 8

Lady lightning
The women's tennis team
rolled like a thunder clap
over Harvard in the
NCAAs yesterday.
Page 11

Bay to Breakers
A Stanford grad raises big
bucks for this weekend's
big Bay Area race.
Page 6

'His Own' play
The Trancos dorm
production is an award
winning comedy by
freshman Douglas Abrams.
Page 8

Lady lightning
The women's tennis team
rolled like a thunder clap
over Harvard in the
NCAAs yesterday.
Page 11

Bay to Breakers
A Stanford grad raises big
bucks for this weekend's
big Bay Area race.
Page 6

'His Own' play
The Trancos dorm
production is an award
winning comedy by
freshman Douglas Abrams.
Page 8

Lady lightning
The women's tennis team
rolled like a thunder clap
over Harvard in the
NCAAs yesterday.
Page 11

Bay to Breakers
A Stanford grad raises big
bucks for this weekend's
big Bay Area race.
Page 6

'His Own' play
The Trancos dorm
production is an award
winning comedy by
freshman Douglas Abrams.
Page 8

Lady lightning
The women's tennis team
rolled like a thunder clap
over Harvard in the
NCAAs yesterday.
Page 11

Bay to Breakers
A Stanford grad raises big
bucks for this weekend's
big Bay Area race.
Page 6

'His Own' play
The Trancos dorm
production is an award
winning comedy by
freshman Douglas Abrams.
Page 8

Lady lightning
The women's tennis team
rolled like a thunder clap
over Harvard in the
NCAAs yesterday.
Page 11

Bay to Breakers
A Stanford grad raises big
bucks for this weekend's
big Bay Area race.
Page 6

'His Own' play
The Trancos dorm
production is an award
winning comedy by
freshman Douglas Abrams.
Page 8

Lady lightning
The women's tennis team
rolled like a thunder clap
over Harvard in the
NCAAs yesterday.
Page 11

Bay to Breakers
A Stanford grad raises big
bucks for this weekend's
big Bay Area race.
Page 6

'His Own' play
The Trancos dorm
production is an award
winning comedy by
freshman Douglas Abrams.
Page 8

