# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
OATQ deadlines
Deadline tor OATQ is 1
p.m. two days before
publication.
OATQ deadlines
Deadline tor OATQ is 1
p.m. two days before
publication.
OATQ deadlines
Deadline tor OATQ is 1
p.m. two days before
publication.
OATQ deadlines
Deadline tor OATQ is 1
p.m. two days before
publication.
OATQ deadlines
Deadline tor OATQ is 1
p.m. two days before
publication.
OATQ deadlines
Deadline tor OATQ is 1
p.m. two days before
publication.
OATQ deadlines
Deadline tor OATQ is 1
p.m. two days before
publication.
OATQ deadlines
Deadline tor OATQ is 1
p.m. two days before
publication.
OATQ deadlines
Deadline tor OATQ is 1
p.m. two days before
publication.
OATQ deadlines
Deadline tor OATQ is 1
p.m. two days before
publication.
OATQ deadlines
Deadline tor OATQ is 1
p.m. two days before
publication.
OATQ deadlines
Deadline tor OATQ is 1
p.m. two days before
publication.
