# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—J. G. de Forest, '01, business
manager of the Daily Palo Alto,
returned yesterday from Santa
Cruz, where he was a delegate to
the State convention of the Repub
lican party held in that city. De
Forrest was honored by being made
a member of the committee on plat
form and resolutions.
—J. G. de Forest, '01, business
manager of the Daily Palo Alto,
returned yesterday from Santa
Cruz, where he was a delegate to
the State convention of the Repub
lican party held in that city. De
Forrest was honored by being made
a member of the committee on plat
form and resolutions.
—J. G. de Forest, '01, business
manager of the Daily Palo Alto,
returned yesterday from Santa
Cruz, where he was a delegate to
the State convention of the Repub
lican party held in that city. De
Forrest was honored by being made
a member of the committee on plat
form and resolutions.
—J. G. de Forest, '01, business
manager of the Daily Palo Alto,
returned yesterday from Santa
Cruz, where he was a delegate to
the State convention of the Repub
lican party held in that city. De
Forrest was honored by being made
a member of the committee on plat
form and resolutions.
—J. G. de Forest, '01, business
manager of the Daily Palo Alto,
returned yesterday from Santa
Cruz, where he was a delegate to
the State convention of the Repub
lican party held in that city. De
Forrest was honored by being made
a member of the committee on plat
form and resolutions.
—J. G. de Forest, '01, business
manager of the Daily Palo Alto,
returned yesterday from Santa
Cruz, where he was a delegate to
the State convention of the Repub
lican party held in that city. De
Forrest was honored by being made
a member of the committee on plat
form and resolutions.
—J. G. de Forest, '01, business
manager of the Daily Palo Alto,
returned yesterday from Santa
Cruz, where he was a delegate to
the State convention of the Repub
lican party held in that city. De
Forrest was honored by being made
a member of the committee on plat
form and resolutions.
