# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Registrar Elliott furnishes the
following figures in regard to the
registration up to the present day:
So far the total registration has
been 1124 as against 1037 for the
same time last year. The regis
tration of new students is 335.
Registrar Elliott furnishes the
following figures in regard to the
registration up to the present day:
So far the total registration has
been 1124 as against 1037 for the
same time last year. The regis
tration of new students is 335.
Registrar Elliott furnishes the
following figures in regard to the
registration up to the present day:
So far the total registration has
been 1124 as against 1037 for the
same time last year. The regis
tration of new students is 335.
Registrar Elliott furnishes the
following figures in regard to the
registration up to the present day:
So far the total registration has
been 1124 as against 1037 for the
same time last year. The regis
tration of new students is 335.
Registrar Elliott furnishes the
following figures in regard to the
registration up to the present day:
So far the total registration has
been 1124 as against 1037 for the
same time last year. The regis
tration of new students is 335.
Registrar Elliott furnishes the
following figures in regard to the
registration up to the present day:
So far the total registration has
been 1124 as against 1037 for the
same time last year. The regis
tration of new students is 335.
Registrar Elliott furnishes the
following figures in regard to the
registration up to the present day:
So far the total registration has
been 1124 as against 1037 for the
same time last year. The regis
tration of new students is 335.
