# Daily Debate
## 
### 
Steve Leopold and 'lon lioise,
tlie candidates lor Daily editor
will be debating tonight in
Tresidder 271 at 7:30. All staff
members are urged to attend
Steve Leopold and 'lon lioise,
tlie candidates lor Daily editor
will be debating tonight in
Tresidder 271 at 7:30. All staff
members are urged to attend
Steve Leopold and 'lon lioise,
tlie candidates lor Daily editor
will be debating tonight in
Tresidder 271 at 7:30. All staff
members are urged to attend
Steve Leopold and 'lon lioise,
tlie candidates lor Daily editor
will be debating tonight in
Tresidder 271 at 7:30. All staff
members are urged to attend
Steve Leopold and 'lon lioise,
tlie candidates lor Daily editor
will be debating tonight in
Tresidder 271 at 7:30. All staff
members are urged to attend
Steve Leopold and 'lon lioise,
tlie candidates lor Daily editor
will be debating tonight in
Tresidder 271 at 7:30. All staff
members are urged to attend
Steve Leopold and 'lon lioise,
tlie candidates lor Daily editor
will be debating tonight in
Tresidder 271 at 7:30. All staff
members are urged to attend
Steve Leopold and 'lon lioise,
tlie candidates lor Daily editor
will be debating tonight in
Tresidder 271 at 7:30. All staff
members are urged to attend
Steve Leopold and 'lon lioise,
tlie candidates lor Daily editor
will be debating tonight in
Tresidder 271 at 7:30. All staff
members are urged to attend
Steve Leopold and 'lon lioise,
tlie candidates lor Daily editor
will be debating tonight in
Tresidder 271 at 7:30. All staff
members are urged to attend
Steve Leopold and 'lon lioise,
tlie candidates lor Daily editor
will be debating tonight in
Tresidder 271 at 7:30. All staff
members are urged to attend
Steve Leopold and 'lon lioise,
tlie candidates lor Daily editor
will be debating tonight in
Tresidder 271 at 7:30. All staff
members are urged to attend
Steve Leopold and 'lon lioise,
tlie candidates lor Daily editor
will be debating tonight in
Tresidder 271 at 7:30. All staff
members are urged to attend
Steve Leopold and 'lon lioise,
tlie candidates lor Daily editor
will be debating tonight in
Tresidder 271 at 7:30. All staff
members are urged to attend
Steve Leopold and 'lon lioise,
tlie candidates lor Daily editor
will be debating tonight in
Tresidder 271 at 7:30. All staff
members are urged to attend
