# EUPHRONIANS PICKED FOR LEAGUE DEBATE
## 
### 
Results of Euphronia tryouts last night
for the team to meet A. P. G. U. Society
of St. Mary's were: M. O. Tobriner, '24,
captain, P. I. Spencer, '25, and B. W.
Levit, '24. W. T. Bielefeldt, '25. was
chosen as alternate. This debate, which
is a part of the Bay Colleges Debating
Society League schedule, is tentatively
set for February 25. The question chosen
is: "Resolved, that the forces of the
United States should be withdrawn from
Haiti." Euphronia will have the affirma
tive. Judges for the coming contest arc
to be chosen from among persons not
connected with the university.
Results of Euphronia tryouts last night
for the team to meet A. P. G. U. Society
of St. Mary's were: M. O. Tobriner, '24,
captain, P. I. Spencer, '25, and B. W.
Levit, '24. W. T. Bielefeldt, '25. was
chosen as alternate. This debate, which
is a part of the Bay Colleges Debating
Society League schedule, is tentatively
set for February 25. The question chosen
is: "Resolved, that the forces of the
United States should be withdrawn from
Haiti." Euphronia will have the affirma
tive. Judges for the coming contest arc
to be chosen from among persons not
connected with the university.
Results of Euphronia tryouts last night
for the team to meet A. P. G. U. Society
of St. Mary's were: M. O. Tobriner, '24,
captain, P. I. Spencer, '25, and B. W.
Levit, '24. W. T. Bielefeldt, '25. was
chosen as alternate. This debate, which
is a part of the Bay Colleges Debating
Society League schedule, is tentatively
set for February 25. The question chosen
is: "Resolved, that the forces of the
United States should be withdrawn from
Haiti." Euphronia will have the affirma
tive. Judges for the coming contest arc
to be chosen from among persons not
connected with the university.
Results of Euphronia tryouts last night
for the team to meet A. P. G. U. Society
of St. Mary's were: M. O. Tobriner, '24,
captain, P. I. Spencer, '25, and B. W.
Levit, '24. W. T. Bielefeldt, '25. was
chosen as alternate. This debate, which
is a part of the Bay Colleges Debating
Society League schedule, is tentatively
set for February 25. The question chosen
is: "Resolved, that the forces of the
United States should be withdrawn from
Haiti." Euphronia will have the affirma
tive. Judges for the coming contest arc
to be chosen from among persons not
connected with the university.
Results of Euphronia tryouts last night
for the team to meet A. P. G. U. Society
of St. Mary's were: M. O. Tobriner, '24,
captain, P. I. Spencer, '25, and B. W.
Levit, '24. W. T. Bielefeldt, '25. was
chosen as alternate. This debate, which
is a part of the Bay Colleges Debating
Society League schedule, is tentatively
set for February 25. The question chosen
is: "Resolved, that the forces of the
United States should be withdrawn from
Haiti." Euphronia will have the affirma
tive. Judges for the coming contest arc
to be chosen from among persons not
connected with the university.
Results of Euphronia tryouts last night
for the team to meet A. P. G. U. Society
of St. Mary's were: M. O. Tobriner, '24,
captain, P. I. Spencer, '25, and B. W.
Levit, '24. W. T. Bielefeldt, '25. was
chosen as alternate. This debate, which
is a part of the Bay Colleges Debating
Society League schedule, is tentatively
set for February 25. The question chosen
is: "Resolved, that the forces of the
United States should be withdrawn from
Haiti." Euphronia will have the affirma
tive. Judges for the coming contest arc
to be chosen from among persons not
connected with the university.
Results of Euphronia tryouts last night
for the team to meet A. P. G. U. Society
of St. Mary's were: M. O. Tobriner, '24,
captain, P. I. Spencer, '25, and B. W.
Levit, '24. W. T. Bielefeldt, '25. was
chosen as alternate. This debate, which
is a part of the Bay Colleges Debating
Society League schedule, is tentatively
set for February 25. The question chosen
is: "Resolved, that the forces of the
United States should be withdrawn from
Haiti." Euphronia will have the affirma
tive. Judges for the coming contest arc
to be chosen from among persons not
connected with the university.
Results of Euphronia tryouts last night
for the team to meet A. P. G. U. Society
of St. Mary's were: M. O. Tobriner, '24,
captain, P. I. Spencer, '25, and B. W.
Levit, '24. W. T. Bielefeldt, '25. was
chosen as alternate. This debate, which
is a part of the Bay Colleges Debating
Society League schedule, is tentatively
set for February 25. The question chosen
is: "Resolved, that the forces of the
United States should be withdrawn from
Haiti." Euphronia will have the affirma
tive. Judges for the coming contest arc
to be chosen from among persons not
connected with the university.
Results of Euphronia tryouts last night
for the team to meet A. P. G. U. Society
of St. Mary's were: M. O. Tobriner, '24,
captain, P. I. Spencer, '25, and B. W.
Levit, '24. W. T. Bielefeldt, '25. was
chosen as alternate. This debate, which
is a part of the Bay Colleges Debating
Society League schedule, is tentatively
set for February 25. The question chosen
is: "Resolved, that the forces of the
United States should be withdrawn from
Haiti." Euphronia will have the affirma
tive. Judges for the coming contest arc
to be chosen from among persons not
connected with the university.
Results of Euphronia tryouts last night
for the team to meet A. P. G. U. Society
of St. Mary's were: M. O. Tobriner, '24,
captain, P. I. Spencer, '25, and B. W.
Levit, '24. W. T. Bielefeldt, '25. was
chosen as alternate. This debate, which
is a part of the Bay Colleges Debating
Society League schedule, is tentatively
set for February 25. The question chosen
is: "Resolved, that the forces of the
United States should be withdrawn from
Haiti." Euphronia will have the affirma
tive. Judges for the coming contest arc
to be chosen from among persons not
connected with the university.
Results of Euphronia tryouts last night
for the team to meet A. P. G. U. Society
of St. Mary's were: M. O. Tobriner, '24,
captain, P. I. Spencer, '25, and B. W.
Levit, '24. W. T. Bielefeldt, '25. was
chosen as alternate. This debate, which
is a part of the Bay Colleges Debating
Society League schedule, is tentatively
set for February 25. The question chosen
is: "Resolved, that the forces of the
United States should be withdrawn from
Haiti." Euphronia will have the affirma
tive. Judges for the coming contest arc
to be chosen from among persons not
connected with the university.
Results of Euphronia tryouts last night
for the team to meet A. P. G. U. Society
of St. Mary's were: M. O. Tobriner, '24,
captain, P. I. Spencer, '25, and B. W.
Levit, '24. W. T. Bielefeldt, '25. was
chosen as alternate. This debate, which
is a part of the Bay Colleges Debating
Society League schedule, is tentatively
set for February 25. The question chosen
is: "Resolved, that the forces of the
United States should be withdrawn from
Haiti." Euphronia will have the affirma
tive. Judges for the coming contest arc
to be chosen from among persons not
connected with the university.
Results of Euphronia tryouts last night
for the team to meet A. P. G. U. Society
of St. Mary's were: M. O. Tobriner, '24,
captain, P. I. Spencer, '25, and B. W.
Levit, '24. W. T. Bielefeldt, '25. was
chosen as alternate. This debate, which
is a part of the Bay Colleges Debating
Society League schedule, is tentatively
set for February 25. The question chosen
is: "Resolved, that the forces of the
United States should be withdrawn from
Haiti." Euphronia will have the affirma
tive. Judges for the coming contest arc
to be chosen from among persons not
connected with the university.
Results of Euphronia tryouts last night
for the team to meet A. P. G. U. Society
of St. Mary's were: M. O. Tobriner, '24,
captain, P. I. Spencer, '25, and B. W.
Levit, '24. W. T. Bielefeldt, '25. was
chosen as alternate. This debate, which
is a part of the Bay Colleges Debating
Society League schedule, is tentatively
set for February 25. The question chosen
is: "Resolved, that the forces of the
United States should be withdrawn from
Haiti." Euphronia will have the affirma
tive. Judges for the coming contest arc
to be chosen from among persons not
connected with the university.
