# Council Executive To Address AVC
## 
### 
"What Is AVC?" will Ix* the topic
when Dick Qoggin, executive sec
retary of the San Francisco Area
Council, addresses Stanford chapter
in the lounge of the Auditorium,
Stanford Village, at 7:30 p.m. to
morrow.
This will be the last meeting of
the chapter this quarter. A car
caravan will'leave the Bookstore at
7:20 p.m. to take care of campus
veterans who desire rides.
Delegates who attended the San
Jose convention will present their
reports.
"What Is AVC?" will Ix* the topic
when Dick Qoggin, executive sec
retary of the San Francisco Area
Council, addresses Stanford chapter
in the lounge of the Auditorium,
Stanford Village, at 7:30 p.m. to
morrow.
This will be the last meeting of
the chapter this quarter. A car
caravan will'leave the Bookstore at
7:20 p.m. to take care of campus
veterans who desire rides.
Delegates who attended the San
Jose convention will present their
reports.
"What Is AVC?" will Ix* the topic
when Dick Qoggin, executive sec
retary of the San Francisco Area
Council, addresses Stanford chapter
in the lounge of the Auditorium,
Stanford Village, at 7:30 p.m. to
morrow.
This will be the last meeting of
the chapter this quarter. A car
caravan will'leave the Bookstore at
7:20 p.m. to take care of campus
veterans who desire rides.
Delegates who attended the San
Jose convention will present their
reports.
"What Is AVC?" will Ix* the topic
when Dick Qoggin, executive sec
retary of the San Francisco Area
Council, addresses Stanford chapter
in the lounge of the Auditorium,
Stanford Village, at 7:30 p.m. to
morrow.
This will be the last meeting of
the chapter this quarter. A car
caravan will'leave the Bookstore at
7:20 p.m. to take care of campus
veterans who desire rides.
Delegates who attended the San
Jose convention will present their
reports.
"What Is AVC?" will Ix* the topic
when Dick Qoggin, executive sec
retary of the San Francisco Area
Council, addresses Stanford chapter
in the lounge of the Auditorium,
Stanford Village, at 7:30 p.m. to
morrow.
This will be the last meeting of
the chapter this quarter. A car
caravan will'leave the Bookstore at
7:20 p.m. to take care of campus
veterans who desire rides.
Delegates who attended the San
Jose convention will present their
reports.
"What Is AVC?" will Ix* the topic
when Dick Qoggin, executive sec
retary of the San Francisco Area
Council, addresses Stanford chapter
in the lounge of the Auditorium,
Stanford Village, at 7:30 p.m. to
morrow.
This will be the last meeting of
the chapter this quarter. A car
caravan will'leave the Bookstore at
7:20 p.m. to take care of campus
veterans who desire rides.
Delegates who attended the San
Jose convention will present their
reports.
"What Is AVC?" will Ix* the topic
when Dick Qoggin, executive sec
retary of the San Francisco Area
Council, addresses Stanford chapter
in the lounge of the Auditorium,
Stanford Village, at 7:30 p.m. to
morrow.
This will be the last meeting of
the chapter this quarter. A car
caravan will'leave the Bookstore at
7:20 p.m. to take care of campus
veterans who desire rides.
Delegates who attended the San
Jose convention will present their
reports.
"What Is AVC?" will Ix* the topic
when Dick Qoggin, executive sec
retary of the San Francisco Area
Council, addresses Stanford chapter
in the lounge of the Auditorium,
Stanford Village, at 7:30 p.m. to
morrow.
This will be the last meeting of
the chapter this quarter. A car
caravan will'leave the Bookstore at
7:20 p.m. to take care of campus
veterans who desire rides.
Delegates who attended the San
Jose convention will present their
reports.
"What Is AVC?" will Ix* the topic
when Dick Qoggin, executive sec
retary of the San Francisco Area
Council, addresses Stanford chapter
in the lounge of the Auditorium,
Stanford Village, at 7:30 p.m. to
morrow.
This will be the last meeting of
the chapter this quarter. A car
caravan will'leave the Bookstore at
7:20 p.m. to take care of campus
veterans who desire rides.
Delegates who attended the San
Jose convention will present their
reports.
"What Is AVC?" will Ix* the topic
when Dick Qoggin, executive sec
retary of the San Francisco Area
Council, addresses Stanford chapter
in the lounge of the Auditorium,
Stanford Village, at 7:30 p.m. to
morrow.
This will be the last meeting of
the chapter this quarter. A car
caravan will'leave the Bookstore at
7:20 p.m. to take care of campus
veterans who desire rides.
Delegates who attended the San
Jose convention will present their
reports.
"What Is AVC?" will Ix* the topic
when Dick Qoggin, executive sec
retary of the San Francisco Area
Council, addresses Stanford chapter
in the lounge of the Auditorium,
Stanford Village, at 7:30 p.m. to
morrow.
This will be the last meeting of
the chapter this quarter. A car
caravan will'leave the Bookstore at
7:20 p.m. to take care of campus
veterans who desire rides.
Delegates who attended the San
Jose convention will present their
reports.
"What Is AVC?" will Ix* the topic
when Dick Qoggin, executive sec
retary of the San Francisco Area
Council, addresses Stanford chapter
in the lounge of the Auditorium,
Stanford Village, at 7:30 p.m. to
morrow.
This will be the last meeting of
the chapter this quarter. A car
caravan will'leave the Bookstore at
7:20 p.m. to take care of campus
veterans who desire rides.
Delegates who attended the San
Jose convention will present their
reports.
"What Is AVC?" will Ix* the topic
when Dick Qoggin, executive sec
retary of the San Francisco Area
Council, addresses Stanford chapter
in the lounge of the Auditorium,
Stanford Village, at 7:30 p.m. to
morrow.
This will be the last meeting of
the chapter this quarter. A car
caravan will'leave the Bookstore at
7:20 p.m. to take care of campus
veterans who desire rides.
Delegates who attended the San
Jose convention will present their
reports.
"What Is AVC?" will Ix* the topic
when Dick Qoggin, executive sec
retary of the San Francisco Area
Council, addresses Stanford chapter
in the lounge of the Auditorium,
Stanford Village, at 7:30 p.m. to
morrow.
This will be the last meeting of
the chapter this quarter. A car
caravan will'leave the Bookstore at
7:20 p.m. to take care of campus
veterans who desire rides.
Delegates who attended the San
Jose convention will present their
reports.
"What Is AVC?" will Ix* the topic
when Dick Qoggin, executive sec
retary of the San Francisco Area
Council, addresses Stanford chapter
in the lounge of the Auditorium,
Stanford Village, at 7:30 p.m. to
morrow.
This will be the last meeting of
the chapter this quarter. A car
caravan will'leave the Bookstore at
7:20 p.m. to take care of campus
veterans who desire rides.
Delegates who attended the San
Jose convention will present their
reports.
