# I.D.G. to Discuss Peacetime Draft
## 
### 
International Discussion Group i;;
to bold a meeting at Eneina Thurs
day a< 7 p.m. The subject under
discussion will be "Compulsory Mil
itary Training."
R<>b Bennett will lead th (i discus
sion witb a short talk. Major part
of the meeting will be devoted to
discussion by the student.'. The
discussion will be entirely infor
mal. Kncina students are specially
invited to attend the meeting.
International Discussion Group i;;
to bold a meeting at Eneina Thurs
day a< 7 p.m. The subject under
discussion will be "Compulsory Mil
itary Training."
R<>b Bennett will lead th (i discus
sion witb a short talk. Major part
of the meeting will be devoted to
discussion by the student.'. The
discussion will be entirely infor
mal. Kncina students are specially
invited to attend the meeting.
International Discussion Group i;;
to bold a meeting at Eneina Thurs
day a< 7 p.m. The subject under
discussion will be "Compulsory Mil
itary Training."
R<>b Bennett will lead th (i discus
sion witb a short talk. Major part
of the meeting will be devoted to
discussion by the student.'. The
discussion will be entirely infor
mal. Kncina students are specially
invited to attend the meeting.
International Discussion Group i;;
to bold a meeting at Eneina Thurs
day a< 7 p.m. The subject under
discussion will be "Compulsory Mil
itary Training."
R<>b Bennett will lead th (i discus
sion witb a short talk. Major part
of the meeting will be devoted to
discussion by the student.'. The
discussion will be entirely infor
mal. Kncina students are specially
invited to attend the meeting.
International Discussion Group i;;
to bold a meeting at Eneina Thurs
day a< 7 p.m. The subject under
discussion will be "Compulsory Mil
itary Training."
R<>b Bennett will lead th (i discus
sion witb a short talk. Major part
of the meeting will be devoted to
discussion by the student.'. The
discussion will be entirely infor
mal. Kncina students are specially
invited to attend the meeting.
International Discussion Group i;;
to bold a meeting at Eneina Thurs
day a< 7 p.m. The subject under
discussion will be "Compulsory Mil
itary Training."
R<>b Bennett will lead th (i discus
sion witb a short talk. Major part
of the meeting will be devoted to
discussion by the student.'. The
discussion will be entirely infor
mal. Kncina students are specially
invited to attend the meeting.
International Discussion Group i;;
to bold a meeting at Eneina Thurs
day a< 7 p.m. The subject under
discussion will be "Compulsory Mil
itary Training."
R<>b Bennett will lead th (i discus
sion witb a short talk. Major part
of the meeting will be devoted to
discussion by the student.'. The
discussion will be entirely infor
mal. Kncina students are specially
invited to attend the meeting.
International Discussion Group i;;
to bold a meeting at Eneina Thurs
day a< 7 p.m. The subject under
discussion will be "Compulsory Mil
itary Training."
R<>b Bennett will lead th (i discus
sion witb a short talk. Major part
of the meeting will be devoted to
discussion by the student.'. The
discussion will be entirely infor
mal. Kncina students are specially
invited to attend the meeting.
International Discussion Group i;;
to bold a meeting at Eneina Thurs
day a< 7 p.m. The subject under
discussion will be "Compulsory Mil
itary Training."
R<>b Bennett will lead th (i discus
sion witb a short talk. Major part
of the meeting will be devoted to
discussion by the student.'. The
discussion will be entirely infor
mal. Kncina students are specially
invited to attend the meeting.
International Discussion Group i;;
to bold a meeting at Eneina Thurs
day a< 7 p.m. The subject under
discussion will be "Compulsory Mil
itary Training."
R<>b Bennett will lead th (i discus
sion witb a short talk. Major part
of the meeting will be devoted to
discussion by the student.'. The
discussion will be entirely infor
mal. Kncina students are specially
invited to attend the meeting.
International Discussion Group i;;
to bold a meeting at Eneina Thurs
day a< 7 p.m. The subject under
discussion will be "Compulsory Mil
itary Training."
R<>b Bennett will lead th (i discus
sion witb a short talk. Major part
of the meeting will be devoted to
discussion by the student.'. The
discussion will be entirely infor
mal. Kncina students are specially
invited to attend the meeting.
International Discussion Group i;;
to bold a meeting at Eneina Thurs
day a< 7 p.m. The subject under
discussion will be "Compulsory Mil
itary Training."
R<>b Bennett will lead th (i discus
sion witb a short talk. Major part
of the meeting will be devoted to
discussion by the student.'. The
discussion will be entirely infor
mal. Kncina students are specially
invited to attend the meeting.
International Discussion Group i;;
to bold a meeting at Eneina Thurs
day a< 7 p.m. The subject under
discussion will be "Compulsory Mil
itary Training."
R<>b Bennett will lead th (i discus
sion witb a short talk. Major part
of the meeting will be devoted to
discussion by the student.'. The
discussion will be entirely infor
mal. Kncina students are specially
invited to attend the meeting.
International Discussion Group i;;
to bold a meeting at Eneina Thurs
day a< 7 p.m. The subject under
discussion will be "Compulsory Mil
itary Training."
R<>b Bennett will lead th (i discus
sion witb a short talk. Major part
of the meeting will be devoted to
discussion by the student.'. The
discussion will be entirely infor
mal. Kncina students are specially
invited to attend the meeting.
International Discussion Group i;;
to bold a meeting at Eneina Thurs
day a< 7 p.m. The subject under
discussion will be "Compulsory Mil
itary Training."
R<>b Bennett will lead th (i discus
sion witb a short talk. Major part
of the meeting will be devoted to
discussion by the student.'. The
discussion will be entirely infor
mal. Kncina students are specially
invited to attend the meeting.
