# Adv. 26 Page 4
## 
### 
11 '
UNUSUAL CAREER
OPENING
In an uncrowded profession with ex
cellent earning and growth oppor
tunities offered a graduate student.
Opening for men or women—man
and wife—wives of undergraduates,
with Educational Division of Mar
shall Field owned enterprise. Per
sonal interview arranged. Write
fully giving phone, age, and exper
ience to C. C. Rca, Western Man
ager, 354 21st Street, Oakland 12,
California.
11 '
UNUSUAL CAREER
OPENING
In an uncrowded profession with ex
cellent earning and growth oppor
tunities offered a graduate student.
Opening for men or women—man
and wife—wives of undergraduates,
with Educational Division of Mar
shall Field owned enterprise. Per
sonal interview arranged. Write
fully giving phone, age, and exper
ience to C. C. Rca, Western Man
ager, 354 21st Street, Oakland 12,
California.
11 '
UNUSUAL CAREER
OPENING
In an uncrowded profession with ex
cellent earning and growth oppor
tunities offered a graduate student.
Opening for men or women—man
and wife—wives of undergraduates,
with Educational Division of Mar
shall Field owned enterprise. Per
sonal interview arranged. Write
fully giving phone, age, and exper
ience to C. C. Rca, Western Man
ager, 354 21st Street, Oakland 12,
California.
11 '
UNUSUAL CAREER
OPENING
In an uncrowded profession with ex
cellent earning and growth oppor
tunities offered a graduate student.
Opening for men or women—man
and wife—wives of undergraduates,
with Educational Division of Mar
shall Field owned enterprise. Per
sonal interview arranged. Write
fully giving phone, age, and exper
ience to C. C. Rca, Western Man
ager, 354 21st Street, Oakland 12,
California.
11 '
UNUSUAL CAREER
OPENING
In an uncrowded profession with ex
cellent earning and growth oppor
tunities offered a graduate student.
Opening for men or women—man
and wife—wives of undergraduates,
with Educational Division of Mar
shall Field owned enterprise. Per
sonal interview arranged. Write
fully giving phone, age, and exper
ience to C. C. Rca, Western Man
ager, 354 21st Street, Oakland 12,
California.
11 '
UNUSUAL CAREER
OPENING
In an uncrowded profession with ex
cellent earning and growth oppor
tunities offered a graduate student.
Opening for men or women—man
and wife—wives of undergraduates,
with Educational Division of Mar
shall Field owned enterprise. Per
sonal interview arranged. Write
fully giving phone, age, and exper
ience to C. C. Rca, Western Man
ager, 354 21st Street, Oakland 12,
California.
11 '
UNUSUAL CAREER
OPENING
In an uncrowded profession with ex
cellent earning and growth oppor
tunities offered a graduate student.
Opening for men or women—man
and wife—wives of undergraduates,
with Educational Division of Mar
shall Field owned enterprise. Per
sonal interview arranged. Write
fully giving phone, age, and exper
ience to C. C. Rca, Western Man
ager, 354 21st Street, Oakland 12,
California.
11 '
UNUSUAL CAREER
OPENING
In an uncrowded profession with ex
cellent earning and growth oppor
tunities offered a graduate student.
Opening for men or women—man
and wife—wives of undergraduates,
with Educational Division of Mar
shall Field owned enterprise. Per
sonal interview arranged. Write
fully giving phone, age, and exper
ience to C. C. Rca, Western Man
ager, 354 21st Street, Oakland 12,
California.
11 '
UNUSUAL CAREER
OPENING
In an uncrowded profession with ex
cellent earning and growth oppor
tunities offered a graduate student.
Opening for men or women—man
and wife—wives of undergraduates,
with Educational Division of Mar
shall Field owned enterprise. Per
sonal interview arranged. Write
fully giving phone, age, and exper
ience to C. C. Rca, Western Man
ager, 354 21st Street, Oakland 12,
California.
11 '
UNUSUAL CAREER
OPENING
In an uncrowded profession with ex
cellent earning and growth oppor
tunities offered a graduate student.
Opening for men or women—man
and wife—wives of undergraduates,
with Educational Division of Mar
shall Field owned enterprise. Per
sonal interview arranged. Write
fully giving phone, age, and exper
ience to C. C. Rca, Western Man
ager, 354 21st Street, Oakland 12,
California.
11 '
UNUSUAL CAREER
OPENING
In an uncrowded profession with ex
cellent earning and growth oppor
tunities offered a graduate student.
Opening for men or women—man
and wife—wives of undergraduates,
with Educational Division of Mar
shall Field owned enterprise. Per
sonal interview arranged. Write
fully giving phone, age, and exper
ience to C. C. Rca, Western Man
ager, 354 21st Street, Oakland 12,
California.
11 '
UNUSUAL CAREER
OPENING
In an uncrowded profession with ex
cellent earning and growth oppor
tunities offered a graduate student.
Opening for men or women—man
and wife—wives of undergraduates,
with Educational Division of Mar
shall Field owned enterprise. Per
sonal interview arranged. Write
fully giving phone, age, and exper
ience to C. C. Rca, Western Man
ager, 354 21st Street, Oakland 12,
California.
11 '
UNUSUAL CAREER
OPENING
In an uncrowded profession with ex
cellent earning and growth oppor
tunities offered a graduate student.
Opening for men or women—man
and wife—wives of undergraduates,
with Educational Division of Mar
shall Field owned enterprise. Per
sonal interview arranged. Write
fully giving phone, age, and exper
ience to C. C. Rca, Western Man
ager, 354 21st Street, Oakland 12,
California.
11 '
UNUSUAL CAREER
OPENING
In an uncrowded profession with ex
cellent earning and growth oppor
tunities offered a graduate student.
Opening for men or women—man
and wife—wives of undergraduates,
with Educational Division of Mar
shall Field owned enterprise. Per
sonal interview arranged. Write
fully giving phone, age, and exper
ience to C. C. Rca, Western Man
ager, 354 21st Street, Oakland 12,
California.
11 '
UNUSUAL CAREER
OPENING
In an uncrowded profession with ex
cellent earning and growth oppor
tunities offered a graduate student.
Opening for men or women—man
and wife—wives of undergraduates,
with Educational Division of Mar
shall Field owned enterprise. Per
sonal interview arranged. Write
fully giving phone, age, and exper
ience to C. C. Rca, Western Man
ager, 354 21st Street, Oakland 12,
California.
