# FIRST FROSH FROLIC IS A GREAT SUCCESS
## 
### 
The Frosh Frolic was successful in
attracting a large number of indoor
sport lovers to Encina Saturday night,
and when they got there, furnished
them with a good tome.' From the
appearance of the crowd, the financial
end of it should have been a success.
The music was furbished by a five
piece orchestra that was good enough
to lure a number of roughs from all
over the campus to look in and listen.
The big fireplace was utilized with
burniug logs which made a welcome
fire, and the lamps overhead were
decorated in the traditional color of
green.
The Frosh Frolic was successful in
attracting a large number of indoor
sport lovers to Encina Saturday night,
and when they got there, furnished
them with a good tome.' From the
appearance of the crowd, the financial
end of it should have been a success.
The music was furbished by a five
piece orchestra that was good enough
to lure a number of roughs from all
over the campus to look in and listen.
The big fireplace was utilized with
burniug logs which made a welcome
fire, and the lamps overhead were
decorated in the traditional color of
green.
The Frosh Frolic was successful in
attracting a large number of indoor
sport lovers to Encina Saturday night,
and when they got there, furnished
them with a good tome.' From the
appearance of the crowd, the financial
end of it should have been a success.
The music was furbished by a five
piece orchestra that was good enough
to lure a number of roughs from all
over the campus to look in and listen.
The big fireplace was utilized with
burniug logs which made a welcome
fire, and the lamps overhead were
decorated in the traditional color of
green.
The Frosh Frolic was successful in
attracting a large number of indoor
sport lovers to Encina Saturday night,
and when they got there, furnished
them with a good tome.' From the
appearance of the crowd, the financial
end of it should have been a success.
The music was furbished by a five
piece orchestra that was good enough
to lure a number of roughs from all
over the campus to look in and listen.
The big fireplace was utilized with
burniug logs which made a welcome
fire, and the lamps overhead were
decorated in the traditional color of
green.
The Frosh Frolic was successful in
attracting a large number of indoor
sport lovers to Encina Saturday night,
and when they got there, furnished
them with a good tome.' From the
appearance of the crowd, the financial
end of it should have been a success.
The music was furbished by a five
piece orchestra that was good enough
to lure a number of roughs from all
over the campus to look in and listen.
The big fireplace was utilized with
burniug logs which made a welcome
fire, and the lamps overhead were
decorated in the traditional color of
green.
The Frosh Frolic was successful in
attracting a large number of indoor
sport lovers to Encina Saturday night,
and when they got there, furnished
them with a good tome.' From the
appearance of the crowd, the financial
end of it should have been a success.
The music was furbished by a five
piece orchestra that was good enough
to lure a number of roughs from all
over the campus to look in and listen.
The big fireplace was utilized with
burniug logs which made a welcome
fire, and the lamps overhead were
decorated in the traditional color of
green.
The Frosh Frolic was successful in
attracting a large number of indoor
sport lovers to Encina Saturday night,
and when they got there, furnished
them with a good tome.' From the
appearance of the crowd, the financial
end of it should have been a success.
The music was furbished by a five
piece orchestra that was good enough
to lure a number of roughs from all
over the campus to look in and listen.
The big fireplace was utilized with
burniug logs which made a welcome
fire, and the lamps overhead were
decorated in the traditional color of
green.
The Frosh Frolic was successful in
attracting a large number of indoor
sport lovers to Encina Saturday night,
and when they got there, furnished
them with a good tome.' From the
appearance of the crowd, the financial
end of it should have been a success.
The music was furbished by a five
piece orchestra that was good enough
to lure a number of roughs from all
over the campus to look in and listen.
The big fireplace was utilized with
burniug logs which made a welcome
fire, and the lamps overhead were
decorated in the traditional color of
green.
The Frosh Frolic was successful in
attracting a large number of indoor
sport lovers to Encina Saturday night,
and when they got there, furnished
them with a good tome.' From the
appearance of the crowd, the financial
end of it should have been a success.
The music was furbished by a five
piece orchestra that was good enough
to lure a number of roughs from all
over the campus to look in and listen.
The big fireplace was utilized with
burniug logs which made a welcome
fire, and the lamps overhead were
decorated in the traditional color of
green.
The Frosh Frolic was successful in
attracting a large number of indoor
sport lovers to Encina Saturday night,
and when they got there, furnished
them with a good tome.' From the
appearance of the crowd, the financial
end of it should have been a success.
The music was furbished by a five
piece orchestra that was good enough
to lure a number of roughs from all
over the campus to look in and listen.
The big fireplace was utilized with
burniug logs which made a welcome
fire, and the lamps overhead were
decorated in the traditional color of
green.
The Frosh Frolic was successful in
attracting a large number of indoor
sport lovers to Encina Saturday night,
and when they got there, furnished
them with a good tome.' From the
appearance of the crowd, the financial
end of it should have been a success.
The music was furbished by a five
piece orchestra that was good enough
to lure a number of roughs from all
over the campus to look in and listen.
The big fireplace was utilized with
burniug logs which made a welcome
fire, and the lamps overhead were
decorated in the traditional color of
green.
The Frosh Frolic was successful in
attracting a large number of indoor
sport lovers to Encina Saturday night,
and when they got there, furnished
them with a good tome.' From the
appearance of the crowd, the financial
end of it should have been a success.
The music was furbished by a five
piece orchestra that was good enough
to lure a number of roughs from all
over the campus to look in and listen.
The big fireplace was utilized with
burniug logs which made a welcome
fire, and the lamps overhead were
decorated in the traditional color of
green.
The Frosh Frolic was successful in
attracting a large number of indoor
sport lovers to Encina Saturday night,
and when they got there, furnished
them with a good tome.' From the
appearance of the crowd, the financial
end of it should have been a success.
The music was furbished by a five
piece orchestra that was good enough
to lure a number of roughs from all
over the campus to look in and listen.
The big fireplace was utilized with
burniug logs which made a welcome
fire, and the lamps overhead were
decorated in the traditional color of
green.
