# POLO IS MADE SPORT AT U. OF PENNSYLVANIA
## 
### 
The University of Pennsylvania is
showing the way to ,the other univer
sities of the United States by making
polo a minor sport. According to the
report, there is considerable enthusiasm
being shown there for the equestrian
sport. Practice is to start early in the
spring.
The University of Pennsylvania is
showing the way to ,the other univer
sities of the United States by making
polo a minor sport. According to the
report, there is considerable enthusiasm
being shown there for the equestrian
sport. Practice is to start early in the
spring.
The University of Pennsylvania is
showing the way to ,the other univer
sities of the United States by making
polo a minor sport. According to the
report, there is considerable enthusiasm
being shown there for the equestrian
sport. Practice is to start early in the
spring.
The University of Pennsylvania is
showing the way to ,the other univer
sities of the United States by making
polo a minor sport. According to the
report, there is considerable enthusiasm
being shown there for the equestrian
sport. Practice is to start early in the
spring.
The University of Pennsylvania is
showing the way to ,the other univer
sities of the United States by making
polo a minor sport. According to the
report, there is considerable enthusiasm
being shown there for the equestrian
sport. Practice is to start early in the
spring.
The University of Pennsylvania is
showing the way to ,the other univer
sities of the United States by making
polo a minor sport. According to the
report, there is considerable enthusiasm
being shown there for the equestrian
sport. Practice is to start early in the
spring.
The University of Pennsylvania is
showing the way to ,the other univer
sities of the United States by making
polo a minor sport. According to the
report, there is considerable enthusiasm
being shown there for the equestrian
sport. Practice is to start early in the
spring.
The University of Pennsylvania is
showing the way to ,the other univer
sities of the United States by making
polo a minor sport. According to the
report, there is considerable enthusiasm
being shown there for the equestrian
sport. Practice is to start early in the
spring.
The University of Pennsylvania is
showing the way to ,the other univer
sities of the United States by making
polo a minor sport. According to the
report, there is considerable enthusiasm
being shown there for the equestrian
sport. Practice is to start early in the
spring.
The University of Pennsylvania is
showing the way to ,the other univer
sities of the United States by making
polo a minor sport. According to the
report, there is considerable enthusiasm
being shown there for the equestrian
sport. Practice is to start early in the
spring.
The University of Pennsylvania is
showing the way to ,the other univer
sities of the United States by making
polo a minor sport. According to the
report, there is considerable enthusiasm
being shown there for the equestrian
sport. Practice is to start early in the
spring.
The University of Pennsylvania is
showing the way to ,the other univer
sities of the United States by making
polo a minor sport. According to the
report, there is considerable enthusiasm
being shown there for the equestrian
sport. Practice is to start early in the
spring.
The University of Pennsylvania is
showing the way to ,the other univer
sities of the United States by making
polo a minor sport. According to the
report, there is considerable enthusiasm
being shown there for the equestrian
sport. Practice is to start early in the
spring.
