# RECORD REGISTRATION.
## Freshman Class Will Be Largest in the University's History. 
### 
1200 students are on the register
tonight, 404 new and 796 old. Last
year there were 1045 at this time,
and of them 272 were new students.
There are 434 girls registered, and
no danger of approaching the 500
limit exists. Of the 404 new stu
dents 166 are from outside Califor
nia. The registration passes that
of the banner year, 1899, by three
names.
1200 students are on the register
tonight, 404 new and 796 old. Last
year there were 1045 at this time,
and of them 272 were new students.
There are 434 girls registered, and
no danger of approaching the 500
limit exists. Of the 404 new stu
dents 166 are from outside Califor
nia. The registration passes that
of the banner year, 1899, by three
names.
1200 students are on the register
tonight, 404 new and 796 old. Last
year there were 1045 at this time,
and of them 272 were new students.
There are 434 girls registered, and
no danger of approaching the 500
limit exists. Of the 404 new stu
dents 166 are from outside Califor
nia. The registration passes that
of the banner year, 1899, by three
names.
1200 students are on the register
tonight, 404 new and 796 old. Last
year there were 1045 at this time,
and of them 272 were new students.
There are 434 girls registered, and
no danger of approaching the 500
limit exists. Of the 404 new stu
dents 166 are from outside Califor
nia. The registration passes that
of the banner year, 1899, by three
names.
1200 students are on the register
tonight, 404 new and 796 old. Last
year there were 1045 at this time,
and of them 272 were new students.
There are 434 girls registered, and
no danger of approaching the 500
limit exists. Of the 404 new stu
dents 166 are from outside Califor
nia. The registration passes that
of the banner year, 1899, by three
names.
1200 students are on the register
tonight, 404 new and 796 old. Last
year there were 1045 at this time,
and of them 272 were new students.
There are 434 girls registered, and
no danger of approaching the 500
limit exists. Of the 404 new stu
dents 166 are from outside Califor
nia. The registration passes that
of the banner year, 1899, by three
names.
1200 students are on the register
tonight, 404 new and 796 old. Last
year there were 1045 at this time,
and of them 272 were new students.
There are 434 girls registered, and
no danger of approaching the 500
limit exists. Of the 404 new stu
dents 166 are from outside Califor
nia. The registration passes that
of the banner year, 1899, by three
names.
