# Changes in Chemistry Department.
## 
### 
As a result of Dr. Richardson's
death there has been a partial re
organization of the Chemistry de
partment. The doctor's work will
be divided between the other pro
fessors of the department. Profes
sor Young will take the course in
Organic Chemistry, including both
lectures and laboratory. Professor
Swain will have the work in Ele
mentary Chemistry given by Pro
fessor Young last year, and the
other special courses will be elim
inated for this year.
As a result of Dr. Richardson's
death there has been a partial re
organization of the Chemistry de
partment. The doctor's work will
be divided between the other pro
fessors of the department. Profes
sor Young will take the course in
Organic Chemistry, including both
lectures and laboratory. Professor
Swain will have the work in Ele
mentary Chemistry given by Pro
fessor Young last year, and the
other special courses will be elim
inated for this year.
As a result of Dr. Richardson's
death there has been a partial re
organization of the Chemistry de
partment. The doctor's work will
be divided between the other pro
fessors of the department. Profes
sor Young will take the course in
Organic Chemistry, including both
lectures and laboratory. Professor
Swain will have the work in Ele
mentary Chemistry given by Pro
fessor Young last year, and the
other special courses will be elim
inated for this year.
As a result of Dr. Richardson's
death there has been a partial re
organization of the Chemistry de
partment. The doctor's work will
be divided between the other pro
fessors of the department. Profes
sor Young will take the course in
Organic Chemistry, including both
lectures and laboratory. Professor
Swain will have the work in Ele
mentary Chemistry given by Pro
fessor Young last year, and the
other special courses will be elim
inated for this year.
As a result of Dr. Richardson's
death there has been a partial re
organization of the Chemistry de
partment. The doctor's work will
be divided between the other pro
fessors of the department. Profes
sor Young will take the course in
Organic Chemistry, including both
lectures and laboratory. Professor
Swain will have the work in Ele
mentary Chemistry given by Pro
fessor Young last year, and the
other special courses will be elim
inated for this year.
As a result of Dr. Richardson's
death there has been a partial re
organization of the Chemistry de
partment. The doctor's work will
be divided between the other pro
fessors of the department. Profes
sor Young will take the course in
Organic Chemistry, including both
lectures and laboratory. Professor
Swain will have the work in Ele
mentary Chemistry given by Pro
fessor Young last year, and the
other special courses will be elim
inated for this year.
As a result of Dr. Richardson's
death there has been a partial re
organization of the Chemistry de
partment. The doctor's work will
be divided between the other pro
fessors of the department. Profes
sor Young will take the course in
Organic Chemistry, including both
lectures and laboratory. Professor
Swain will have the work in Ele
mentary Chemistry given by Pro
fessor Young last year, and the
other special courses will be elim
inated for this year.
