# Y.W.C.A. Will Receive.
## 
### 
The Y. W.C. A. will give a re
ception to its new members tomor
row afternoon from 2 to 5 o'clock.
Over two hundred invitations have
been sent out. The reception will
he at the home of Mrs. Snedden, 14
Salvatierra street. The employ
ment bureau for women students
reports that about thirty-five stu
dents have been found positions.
Probably ten more positions could
be filled now if there were appli
cants for work.
The Y. W.C. A. will give a re
ception to its new members tomor
row afternoon from 2 to 5 o'clock.
Over two hundred invitations have
been sent out. The reception will
he at the home of Mrs. Snedden, 14
Salvatierra street. The employ
ment bureau for women students
reports that about thirty-five stu
dents have been found positions.
Probably ten more positions could
be filled now if there were appli
cants for work.
The Y. W.C. A. will give a re
ception to its new members tomor
row afternoon from 2 to 5 o'clock.
Over two hundred invitations have
been sent out. The reception will
he at the home of Mrs. Snedden, 14
Salvatierra street. The employ
ment bureau for women students
reports that about thirty-five stu
dents have been found positions.
Probably ten more positions could
be filled now if there were appli
cants for work.
The Y. W.C. A. will give a re
ception to its new members tomor
row afternoon from 2 to 5 o'clock.
Over two hundred invitations have
been sent out. The reception will
he at the home of Mrs. Snedden, 14
Salvatierra street. The employ
ment bureau for women students
reports that about thirty-five stu
dents have been found positions.
Probably ten more positions could
be filled now if there were appli
cants for work.
The Y. W.C. A. will give a re
ception to its new members tomor
row afternoon from 2 to 5 o'clock.
Over two hundred invitations have
been sent out. The reception will
he at the home of Mrs. Snedden, 14
Salvatierra street. The employ
ment bureau for women students
reports that about thirty-five stu
dents have been found positions.
Probably ten more positions could
be filled now if there were appli
cants for work.
The Y. W.C. A. will give a re
ception to its new members tomor
row afternoon from 2 to 5 o'clock.
Over two hundred invitations have
been sent out. The reception will
he at the home of Mrs. Snedden, 14
Salvatierra street. The employ
ment bureau for women students
reports that about thirty-five stu
dents have been found positions.
Probably ten more positions could
be filled now if there were appli
cants for work.
The Y. W.C. A. will give a re
ception to its new members tomor
row afternoon from 2 to 5 o'clock.
Over two hundred invitations have
been sent out. The reception will
he at the home of Mrs. Snedden, 14
Salvatierra street. The employ
ment bureau for women students
reports that about thirty-five stu
dents have been found positions.
Probably ten more positions could
be filled now if there were appli
cants for work.
