# Untitled Article
## 
### 

PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEER Janet Mueller, former Palo Alto High School teacher, is an English in
fructor in Kabul, capital of Afganistan. As part of her extra-curriculum work, she has formed an
English club; here she teaches her girls simple folk songs.

PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEER Janet Mueller, former Palo Alto High School teacher, is an English in
fructor in Kabul, capital of Afganistan. As part of her extra-curriculum work, she has formed an
English club; here she teaches her girls simple folk songs.

PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEER Janet Mueller, former Palo Alto High School teacher, is an English in
fructor in Kabul, capital of Afganistan. As part of her extra-curriculum work, she has formed an
English club; here she teaches her girls simple folk songs.

PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEER Janet Mueller, former Palo Alto High School teacher, is an English in
fructor in Kabul, capital of Afganistan. As part of her extra-curriculum work, she has formed an
English club; here she teaches her girls simple folk songs.

PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEER Janet Mueller, former Palo Alto High School teacher, is an English in
fructor in Kabul, capital of Afganistan. As part of her extra-curriculum work, she has formed an
English club; here she teaches her girls simple folk songs.

PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEER Janet Mueller, former Palo Alto High School teacher, is an English in
fructor in Kabul, capital of Afganistan. As part of her extra-curriculum work, she has formed an
English club; here she teaches her girls simple folk songs.

PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEER Janet Mueller, former Palo Alto High School teacher, is an English in
fructor in Kabul, capital of Afganistan. As part of her extra-curriculum work, she has formed an
English club; here she teaches her girls simple folk songs.

PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEER Janet Mueller, former Palo Alto High School teacher, is an English in
fructor in Kabul, capital of Afganistan. As part of her extra-curriculum work, she has formed an
English club; here she teaches her girls simple folk songs.

PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEER Janet Mueller, former Palo Alto High School teacher, is an English in
fructor in Kabul, capital of Afganistan. As part of her extra-curriculum work, she has formed an
English club; here she teaches her girls simple folk songs.

PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEER Janet Mueller, former Palo Alto High School teacher, is an English in
fructor in Kabul, capital of Afganistan. As part of her extra-curriculum work, she has formed an
English club; here she teaches her girls simple folk songs.

PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEER Janet Mueller, former Palo Alto High School teacher, is an English in
fructor in Kabul, capital of Afganistan. As part of her extra-curriculum work, she has formed an
English club; here she teaches her girls simple folk songs.

PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEER Janet Mueller, former Palo Alto High School teacher, is an English in
fructor in Kabul, capital of Afganistan. As part of her extra-curriculum work, she has formed an
English club; here she teaches her girls simple folk songs.

PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEER Janet Mueller, former Palo Alto High School teacher, is an English in
fructor in Kabul, capital of Afganistan. As part of her extra-curriculum work, she has formed an
English club; here she teaches her girls simple folk songs.

PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEER Janet Mueller, former Palo Alto High School teacher, is an English in
fructor in Kabul, capital of Afganistan. As part of her extra-curriculum work, she has formed an
English club; here she teaches her girls simple folk songs.

PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEER Janet Mueller, former Palo Alto High School teacher, is an English in
fructor in Kabul, capital of Afganistan. As part of her extra-curriculum work, she has formed an
English club; here she teaches her girls simple folk songs.

PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEER Janet Mueller, former Palo Alto High School teacher, is an English in
fructor in Kabul, capital of Afganistan. As part of her extra-curriculum work, she has formed an
English club; here she teaches her girls simple folk songs.

PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEER Janet Mueller, former Palo Alto High School teacher, is an English in
fructor in Kabul, capital of Afganistan. As part of her extra-curriculum work, she has formed an
English club; here she teaches her girls simple folk songs.
