# Untitled Article
## 
### 
All recitations and lectures at
the eastern end of the quadrangle
are greatly disturbed hv the noise
of buses and wagons. The disturb
ance is really a serious one and is
all the more aggravating because it
might be prevented. Home action
should be taken by the authorities,
cither stopping the use of thatdrive
during morning recitation hours, or
requiring drivers to walk their
teams in passing the end of the
quadrangle.
All recitations and lectures at
the eastern end of the quadrangle
are greatly disturbed hv the noise
of buses and wagons. The disturb
ance is really a serious one and is
all the more aggravating because it
might be prevented. Home action
should be taken by the authorities,
cither stopping the use of thatdrive
during morning recitation hours, or
requiring drivers to walk their
teams in passing the end of the
quadrangle.
All recitations and lectures at
the eastern end of the quadrangle
are greatly disturbed hv the noise
of buses and wagons. The disturb
ance is really a serious one and is
all the more aggravating because it
might be prevented. Home action
should be taken by the authorities,
cither stopping the use of thatdrive
during morning recitation hours, or
requiring drivers to walk their
teams in passing the end of the
quadrangle.
All recitations and lectures at
the eastern end of the quadrangle
are greatly disturbed hv the noise
of buses and wagons. The disturb
ance is really a serious one and is
all the more aggravating because it
might be prevented. Home action
should be taken by the authorities,
cither stopping the use of thatdrive
during morning recitation hours, or
requiring drivers to walk their
teams in passing the end of the
quadrangle.
