# Professor Duniway's Trip.
## 
### 
During the vacation Professor
Duniway has been East to attend
the fourteenth annual meeting of
the American Historical Society
held in New Haven, Connecticut,
December 28-30. Dr. Duniway also
visited Boston, New York, Wash
ington, New Orleans, and other
cities during the trip.
The program of the American
Historical Association embraced
three sessions—morning, afternoon,
and evening—each day except the
last, when the evening session was
omitted. At each session three or
four papers were presented. Pro
fessor Duniway presented the sec
ond paper the first morning on
"Practicable Methods for Conduct
ing Large History Courses.'' His
address was followed by a general
discussion, as were many others.
The meeting on this morning was
held in conjunction with the New
England History Teachers' Associa
tion.
Other colleges beside Stanford
represented at the meeting were
Harvard, Vale, Columbia, Cornell,
Johns Hopkins, Bryn Mawr, Am
herst, Brown, Western lleserve,
Massachusetts Agricultural, and
others.
