# Adv. 21 Page 3
## 
### 
' ■ B—————
invisible,
man!
It's incredible, incomparable, infallible! Code 10 for men, the new
kind of hairdressing from Colgate-Palmolive. The new invisible way
to groom a man's hair all day. Non-greasy Code 10 disappears in your
hair, gives it the clean, manly look that inflames women, infuriates
fm Bo •
' ■ B—————
invisible,
man!
It's incredible, incomparable, infallible! Code 10 for men, the new
kind of hairdressing from Colgate-Palmolive. The new invisible way
to groom a man's hair all day. Non-greasy Code 10 disappears in your
hair, gives it the clean, manly look that inflames women, infuriates
fm Bo •
' ■ B—————
invisible,
man!
It's incredible, incomparable, infallible! Code 10 for men, the new
kind of hairdressing from Colgate-Palmolive. The new invisible way
to groom a man's hair all day. Non-greasy Code 10 disappears in your
hair, gives it the clean, manly look that inflames women, infuriates
fm Bo •
' ■ B—————
invisible,
man!
It's incredible, incomparable, infallible! Code 10 for men, the new
kind of hairdressing from Colgate-Palmolive. The new invisible way
to groom a man's hair all day. Non-greasy Code 10 disappears in your
hair, gives it the clean, manly look that inflames women, infuriates
fm Bo •
' ■ B—————
invisible,
man!
It's incredible, incomparable, infallible! Code 10 for men, the new
kind of hairdressing from Colgate-Palmolive. The new invisible way
to groom a man's hair all day. Non-greasy Code 10 disappears in your
hair, gives it the clean, manly look that inflames women, infuriates
fm Bo •
' ■ B—————
invisible,
man!
It's incredible, incomparable, infallible! Code 10 for men, the new
kind of hairdressing from Colgate-Palmolive. The new invisible way
to groom a man's hair all day. Non-greasy Code 10 disappears in your
hair, gives it the clean, manly look that inflames women, infuriates
fm Bo •
' ■ B—————
invisible,
man!
It's incredible, incomparable, infallible! Code 10 for men, the new
kind of hairdressing from Colgate-Palmolive. The new invisible way
to groom a man's hair all day. Non-greasy Code 10 disappears in your
hair, gives it the clean, manly look that inflames women, infuriates
fm Bo •
' ■ B—————
invisible,
man!
It's incredible, incomparable, infallible! Code 10 for men, the new
kind of hairdressing from Colgate-Palmolive. The new invisible way
to groom a man's hair all day. Non-greasy Code 10 disappears in your
hair, gives it the clean, manly look that inflames women, infuriates
fm Bo •
' ■ B—————
invisible,
man!
It's incredible, incomparable, infallible! Code 10 for men, the new
kind of hairdressing from Colgate-Palmolive. The new invisible way
to groom a man's hair all day. Non-greasy Code 10 disappears in your
hair, gives it the clean, manly look that inflames women, infuriates
fm Bo •
' ■ B—————
invisible,
man!
It's incredible, incomparable, infallible! Code 10 for men, the new
kind of hairdressing from Colgate-Palmolive. The new invisible way
to groom a man's hair all day. Non-greasy Code 10 disappears in your
hair, gives it the clean, manly look that inflames women, infuriates
fm Bo •
' ■ B—————
invisible,
man!
It's incredible, incomparable, infallible! Code 10 for men, the new
kind of hairdressing from Colgate-Palmolive. The new invisible way
to groom a man's hair all day. Non-greasy Code 10 disappears in your
hair, gives it the clean, manly look that inflames women, infuriates
fm Bo •
' ■ B—————
invisible,
man!
It's incredible, incomparable, infallible! Code 10 for men, the new
kind of hairdressing from Colgate-Palmolive. The new invisible way
to groom a man's hair all day. Non-greasy Code 10 disappears in your
hair, gives it the clean, manly look that inflames women, infuriates
fm Bo •
' ■ B—————
invisible,
man!
It's incredible, incomparable, infallible! Code 10 for men, the new
kind of hairdressing from Colgate-Palmolive. The new invisible way
to groom a man's hair all day. Non-greasy Code 10 disappears in your
hair, gives it the clean, manly look that inflames women, infuriates
fm Bo •
' ■ B—————
invisible,
man!
It's incredible, incomparable, infallible! Code 10 for men, the new
kind of hairdressing from Colgate-Palmolive. The new invisible way
to groom a man's hair all day. Non-greasy Code 10 disappears in your
hair, gives it the clean, manly look that inflames women, infuriates
fm Bo •
' ■ B—————
invisible,
man!
It's incredible, incomparable, infallible! Code 10 for men, the new
kind of hairdressing from Colgate-Palmolive. The new invisible way
to groom a man's hair all day. Non-greasy Code 10 disappears in your
hair, gives it the clean, manly look that inflames women, infuriates
fm Bo •
' ■ B—————
invisible,
man!
It's incredible, incomparable, infallible! Code 10 for men, the new
kind of hairdressing from Colgate-Palmolive. The new invisible way
to groom a man's hair all day. Non-greasy Code 10 disappears in your
hair, gives it the clean, manly look that inflames women, infuriates
fm Bo •
' ■ B—————
invisible,
man!
It's incredible, incomparable, infallible! Code 10 for men, the new
kind of hairdressing from Colgate-Palmolive. The new invisible way
to groom a man's hair all day. Non-greasy Code 10 disappears in your
hair, gives it the clean, manly look that inflames women, infuriates
fm Bo •
