# IIR to Present Kurt G. Kiesinger
## 
### 
"Emphasis on Germany," spon
sored by the Institute of Inter
national Relations, began this
week. The ten day program, fea
turing a series of talks and ex
hibits on contemporary Germany,
is the first major event of the
quarter sponsored by the lIR.
Kurt G. Kiesinger, Minister-
President of the German state,
Baden Wuertemberg, will speak
on "Germany After Konrad Ade
nauer" at 4:30 p.m. tomorrow in
the Tresidder speakers' lounge.
Kiesinger has distinguished him
self under the Adenauer regime
in his work on the Common Mar
ket, and in his service in the
Bundesrat (Upper House), of
which he was recently elected
President. A key member of Ger
many's Christian Democrat party,
Kiesinger is considered by many
a potential future Chancellor.
