# Donner Elects Officers
## 
### 
Donner House officers elected
last week are Richard Steele,
president; Pat Foley, vice-presi
dent; Jim Heian, secretary; John
Clark, financial manager; Bob
Maddow. social chairman; Arthur
Dahl. cultural chairman; Dave
Baker, athletic chairman; and
Dan Schwartz, LASSU represent
ative.
Selected to serve on the Judi
cial Council are Mike Johnson,
Roger McDaniel, and John Bacon.
Donner House officers elected
last week are Richard Steele,
president; Pat Foley, vice-presi
dent; Jim Heian, secretary; John
Clark, financial manager; Bob
Maddow. social chairman; Arthur
Dahl. cultural chairman; Dave
Baker, athletic chairman; and
Dan Schwartz, LASSU represent
ative.
Selected to serve on the Judi
cial Council are Mike Johnson,
Roger McDaniel, and John Bacon.
Donner House officers elected
last week are Richard Steele,
president; Pat Foley, vice-presi
dent; Jim Heian, secretary; John
Clark, financial manager; Bob
Maddow. social chairman; Arthur
Dahl. cultural chairman; Dave
Baker, athletic chairman; and
Dan Schwartz, LASSU represent
ative.
Selected to serve on the Judi
cial Council are Mike Johnson,
Roger McDaniel, and John Bacon.
Donner House officers elected
last week are Richard Steele,
president; Pat Foley, vice-presi
dent; Jim Heian, secretary; John
Clark, financial manager; Bob
Maddow. social chairman; Arthur
Dahl. cultural chairman; Dave
Baker, athletic chairman; and
Dan Schwartz, LASSU represent
ative.
Selected to serve on the Judi
cial Council are Mike Johnson,
Roger McDaniel, and John Bacon.
Donner House officers elected
last week are Richard Steele,
president; Pat Foley, vice-presi
dent; Jim Heian, secretary; John
Clark, financial manager; Bob
Maddow. social chairman; Arthur
Dahl. cultural chairman; Dave
Baker, athletic chairman; and
Dan Schwartz, LASSU represent
ative.
Selected to serve on the Judi
cial Council are Mike Johnson,
Roger McDaniel, and John Bacon.
Donner House officers elected
last week are Richard Steele,
president; Pat Foley, vice-presi
dent; Jim Heian, secretary; John
Clark, financial manager; Bob
Maddow. social chairman; Arthur
Dahl. cultural chairman; Dave
Baker, athletic chairman; and
Dan Schwartz, LASSU represent
ative.
Selected to serve on the Judi
cial Council are Mike Johnson,
Roger McDaniel, and John Bacon.
Donner House officers elected
last week are Richard Steele,
president; Pat Foley, vice-presi
dent; Jim Heian, secretary; John
Clark, financial manager; Bob
Maddow. social chairman; Arthur
Dahl. cultural chairman; Dave
Baker, athletic chairman; and
Dan Schwartz, LASSU represent
ative.
Selected to serve on the Judi
cial Council are Mike Johnson,
Roger McDaniel, and John Bacon.
Donner House officers elected
last week are Richard Steele,
president; Pat Foley, vice-presi
dent; Jim Heian, secretary; John
Clark, financial manager; Bob
Maddow. social chairman; Arthur
Dahl. cultural chairman; Dave
Baker, athletic chairman; and
Dan Schwartz, LASSU represent
ative.
Selected to serve on the Judi
cial Council are Mike Johnson,
Roger McDaniel, and John Bacon.
Donner House officers elected
last week are Richard Steele,
president; Pat Foley, vice-presi
dent; Jim Heian, secretary; John
Clark, financial manager; Bob
Maddow. social chairman; Arthur
Dahl. cultural chairman; Dave
Baker, athletic chairman; and
Dan Schwartz, LASSU represent
ative.
Selected to serve on the Judi
cial Council are Mike Johnson,
Roger McDaniel, and John Bacon.
Donner House officers elected
last week are Richard Steele,
president; Pat Foley, vice-presi
dent; Jim Heian, secretary; John
Clark, financial manager; Bob
Maddow. social chairman; Arthur
Dahl. cultural chairman; Dave
Baker, athletic chairman; and
Dan Schwartz, LASSU represent
ative.
Selected to serve on the Judi
cial Council are Mike Johnson,
Roger McDaniel, and John Bacon.
Donner House officers elected
last week are Richard Steele,
president; Pat Foley, vice-presi
dent; Jim Heian, secretary; John
Clark, financial manager; Bob
Maddow. social chairman; Arthur
Dahl. cultural chairman; Dave
Baker, athletic chairman; and
Dan Schwartz, LASSU represent
ative.
Selected to serve on the Judi
cial Council are Mike Johnson,
Roger McDaniel, and John Bacon.
Donner House officers elected
last week are Richard Steele,
president; Pat Foley, vice-presi
dent; Jim Heian, secretary; John
Clark, financial manager; Bob
Maddow. social chairman; Arthur
Dahl. cultural chairman; Dave
Baker, athletic chairman; and
Dan Schwartz, LASSU represent
ative.
Selected to serve on the Judi
cial Council are Mike Johnson,
Roger McDaniel, and John Bacon.
Donner House officers elected
last week are Richard Steele,
president; Pat Foley, vice-presi
dent; Jim Heian, secretary; John
Clark, financial manager; Bob
Maddow. social chairman; Arthur
Dahl. cultural chairman; Dave
Baker, athletic chairman; and
Dan Schwartz, LASSU represent
ative.
Selected to serve on the Judi
cial Council are Mike Johnson,
Roger McDaniel, and John Bacon.
Donner House officers elected
last week are Richard Steele,
president; Pat Foley, vice-presi
dent; Jim Heian, secretary; John
Clark, financial manager; Bob
Maddow. social chairman; Arthur
Dahl. cultural chairman; Dave
Baker, athletic chairman; and
Dan Schwartz, LASSU represent
ative.
Selected to serve on the Judi
cial Council are Mike Johnson,
Roger McDaniel, and John Bacon.
Donner House officers elected
last week are Richard Steele,
president; Pat Foley, vice-presi
dent; Jim Heian, secretary; John
Clark, financial manager; Bob
Maddow. social chairman; Arthur
Dahl. cultural chairman; Dave
Baker, athletic chairman; and
Dan Schwartz, LASSU represent
ative.
Selected to serve on the Judi
cial Council are Mike Johnson,
Roger McDaniel, and John Bacon.
Donner House officers elected
last week are Richard Steele,
president; Pat Foley, vice-presi
dent; Jim Heian, secretary; John
Clark, financial manager; Bob
Maddow. social chairman; Arthur
Dahl. cultural chairman; Dave
Baker, athletic chairman; and
Dan Schwartz, LASSU represent
ative.
Selected to serve on the Judi
cial Council are Mike Johnson,
Roger McDaniel, and John Bacon.
Donner House officers elected
last week are Richard Steele,
president; Pat Foley, vice-presi
dent; Jim Heian, secretary; John
Clark, financial manager; Bob
Maddow. social chairman; Arthur
Dahl. cultural chairman; Dave
Baker, athletic chairman; and
Dan Schwartz, LASSU represent
ative.
Selected to serve on the Judi
cial Council are Mike Johnson,
Roger McDaniel, and John Bacon.
