# Alumni Ass'n Gives Student Discount
## 
### 
Through a special student pur
chase plan students can save 25 per
cent on a life membership in the
Stanford Alumni Association.
â€¢Members receive a copy of the
Alumni Review every month and
participate in class reunions and
events. They also have preference
on the purchase of football tickets
after graduation.
Down payments are $7.50 for
freshmen, $10 for sophomores and
juniors, then quarterly payments
until the price of $60 is paid. Sen
iors, as long as they have a stu
dent body card, may also take ad
vantage of the price of $60.
This is $15 less than the price for
membership after graduation, and
$21 less thiM) membership on the
installment plan after graduation.
Call in person or write to the
Alumni Office for further details.
