# LIBRARIAN HONORED
## 
### 
Frederic Falconer, chief biologi
cal sciences librarian at Stanford,
has been elected a member of the
New York Academy of Sciences,
Frederic Falconer, chief biologi
cal sciences librarian at Stanford,
has been elected a member of the
New York Academy of Sciences,
Frederic Falconer, chief biologi
cal sciences librarian at Stanford,
has been elected a member of the
New York Academy of Sciences,
Frederic Falconer, chief biologi
cal sciences librarian at Stanford,
has been elected a member of the
New York Academy of Sciences,
Frederic Falconer, chief biologi
cal sciences librarian at Stanford,
has been elected a member of the
New York Academy of Sciences,
Frederic Falconer, chief biologi
cal sciences librarian at Stanford,
has been elected a member of the
New York Academy of Sciences,
Frederic Falconer, chief biologi
cal sciences librarian at Stanford,
has been elected a member of the
New York Academy of Sciences,
Frederic Falconer, chief biologi
cal sciences librarian at Stanford,
has been elected a member of the
New York Academy of Sciences,
Frederic Falconer, chief biologi
cal sciences librarian at Stanford,
has been elected a member of the
New York Academy of Sciences,
Frederic Falconer, chief biologi
cal sciences librarian at Stanford,
has been elected a member of the
New York Academy of Sciences,
Frederic Falconer, chief biologi
cal sciences librarian at Stanford,
has been elected a member of the
New York Academy of Sciences,
Frederic Falconer, chief biologi
cal sciences librarian at Stanford,
has been elected a member of the
New York Academy of Sciences,
Frederic Falconer, chief biologi
cal sciences librarian at Stanford,
has been elected a member of the
New York Academy of Sciences,
Frederic Falconer, chief biologi
cal sciences librarian at Stanford,
has been elected a member of the
New York Academy of Sciences,
Frederic Falconer, chief biologi
cal sciences librarian at Stanford,
has been elected a member of the
New York Academy of Sciences,
