# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Malmquist responded with several sug
gestions. One had the tree incorporated
in the seal at either end of the Stanford
Daily head. Another had the same seal
separating "Stanford" and "Daily" while
"the" was placed above "Stanford." The
present masthead, however, with the seal
placed back of the "Stanford," was re
garded as the most suitable for a news
paper.
Malmquist responded with several sug
gestions. One had the tree incorporated
in the seal at either end of the Stanford
Daily head. Another had the same seal
separating "Stanford" and "Daily" while
"the" was placed above "Stanford." The
present masthead, however, with the seal
placed back of the "Stanford," was re
garded as the most suitable for a news
paper.
Malmquist responded with several sug
gestions. One had the tree incorporated
in the seal at either end of the Stanford
Daily head. Another had the same seal
separating "Stanford" and "Daily" while
"the" was placed above "Stanford." The
present masthead, however, with the seal
placed back of the "Stanford," was re
garded as the most suitable for a news
paper.
Malmquist responded with several sug
gestions. One had the tree incorporated
in the seal at either end of the Stanford
Daily head. Another had the same seal
separating "Stanford" and "Daily" while
"the" was placed above "Stanford." The
present masthead, however, with the seal
placed back of the "Stanford," was re
garded as the most suitable for a news
paper.
Malmquist responded with several sug
gestions. One had the tree incorporated
in the seal at either end of the Stanford
Daily head. Another had the same seal
separating "Stanford" and "Daily" while
"the" was placed above "Stanford." The
present masthead, however, with the seal
placed back of the "Stanford," was re
garded as the most suitable for a news
paper.
Malmquist responded with several sug
gestions. One had the tree incorporated
in the seal at either end of the Stanford
Daily head. Another had the same seal
separating "Stanford" and "Daily" while
"the" was placed above "Stanford." The
present masthead, however, with the seal
placed back of the "Stanford," was re
garded as the most suitable for a news
paper.
Malmquist responded with several sug
gestions. One had the tree incorporated
in the seal at either end of the Stanford
Daily head. Another had the same seal
separating "Stanford" and "Daily" while
"the" was placed above "Stanford." The
present masthead, however, with the seal
placed back of the "Stanford," was re
garded as the most suitable for a news
paper.
Malmquist responded with several sug
gestions. One had the tree incorporated
in the seal at either end of the Stanford
Daily head. Another had the same seal
separating "Stanford" and "Daily" while
"the" was placed above "Stanford." The
present masthead, however, with the seal
placed back of the "Stanford," was re
garded as the most suitable for a news
paper.
Malmquist responded with several sug
gestions. One had the tree incorporated
in the seal at either end of the Stanford
Daily head. Another had the same seal
separating "Stanford" and "Daily" while
"the" was placed above "Stanford." The
present masthead, however, with the seal
placed back of the "Stanford," was re
garded as the most suitable for a news
paper.
Malmquist responded with several sug
gestions. One had the tree incorporated
in the seal at either end of the Stanford
Daily head. Another had the same seal
separating "Stanford" and "Daily" while
"the" was placed above "Stanford." The
present masthead, however, with the seal
placed back of the "Stanford," was re
garded as the most suitable for a news
paper.
Malmquist responded with several sug
gestions. One had the tree incorporated
in the seal at either end of the Stanford
Daily head. Another had the same seal
separating "Stanford" and "Daily" while
"the" was placed above "Stanford." The
present masthead, however, with the seal
placed back of the "Stanford," was re
garded as the most suitable for a news
paper.
Malmquist responded with several sug
gestions. One had the tree incorporated
in the seal at either end of the Stanford
Daily head. Another had the same seal
separating "Stanford" and "Daily" while
"the" was placed above "Stanford." The
present masthead, however, with the seal
placed back of the "Stanford," was re
garded as the most suitable for a news
paper.
Malmquist responded with several sug
gestions. One had the tree incorporated
in the seal at either end of the Stanford
Daily head. Another had the same seal
separating "Stanford" and "Daily" while
"the" was placed above "Stanford." The
present masthead, however, with the seal
placed back of the "Stanford," was re
garded as the most suitable for a news
paper.
Malmquist responded with several sug
gestions. One had the tree incorporated
in the seal at either end of the Stanford
Daily head. Another had the same seal
separating "Stanford" and "Daily" while
"the" was placed above "Stanford." The
present masthead, however, with the seal
placed back of the "Stanford," was re
garded as the most suitable for a news
paper.
Malmquist responded with several sug
gestions. One had the tree incorporated
in the seal at either end of the Stanford
Daily head. Another had the same seal
separating "Stanford" and "Daily" while
"the" was placed above "Stanford." The
present masthead, however, with the seal
placed back of the "Stanford," was re
garded as the most suitable for a news
paper.
