# Sigma Delta Chi Plans Meeting at Daily Office
## 
### 
Sigma Delta Chi, national honorary
journalistic fraternity, will hold the
first meeting of the year today at 1
o'clock in the Stanford Daily office.
Sigma Delta Chi, national honorary
journalistic fraternity, will hold the
first meeting of the year today at 1
o'clock in the Stanford Daily office.
Sigma Delta Chi, national honorary
journalistic fraternity, will hold the
first meeting of the year today at 1
o'clock in the Stanford Daily office.
Sigma Delta Chi, national honorary
journalistic fraternity, will hold the
first meeting of the year today at 1
o'clock in the Stanford Daily office.
Sigma Delta Chi, national honorary
journalistic fraternity, will hold the
first meeting of the year today at 1
o'clock in the Stanford Daily office.
Sigma Delta Chi, national honorary
journalistic fraternity, will hold the
first meeting of the year today at 1
o'clock in the Stanford Daily office.
Sigma Delta Chi, national honorary
journalistic fraternity, will hold the
first meeting of the year today at 1
o'clock in the Stanford Daily office.
Sigma Delta Chi, national honorary
journalistic fraternity, will hold the
first meeting of the year today at 1
o'clock in the Stanford Daily office.
Sigma Delta Chi, national honorary
journalistic fraternity, will hold the
first meeting of the year today at 1
o'clock in the Stanford Daily office.
Sigma Delta Chi, national honorary
journalistic fraternity, will hold the
first meeting of the year today at 1
o'clock in the Stanford Daily office.
Sigma Delta Chi, national honorary
journalistic fraternity, will hold the
first meeting of the year today at 1
o'clock in the Stanford Daily office.
Sigma Delta Chi, national honorary
journalistic fraternity, will hold the
first meeting of the year today at 1
o'clock in the Stanford Daily office.
Sigma Delta Chi, national honorary
journalistic fraternity, will hold the
first meeting of the year today at 1
o'clock in the Stanford Daily office.
Sigma Delta Chi, national honorary
journalistic fraternity, will hold the
first meeting of the year today at 1
o'clock in the Stanford Daily office.
Sigma Delta Chi, national honorary
journalistic fraternity, will hold the
first meeting of the year today at 1
o'clock in the Stanford Daily office.
