# Women's Conference Will Give Get-Together Party
## 
### 
Women's Confcrcncc will Rive its quar
terly party for ail women tomorrow even
ing at 7 o'clock in the Women's club
house, Charlotte Lovekin, president of
A.W.S., announced yesterday. The pro
gram for the evening is being planned by
Masquers' Society.
The Conference Party was instituted
as a get-together for all women, so thai
upperclass women who have not an op
portunity of doing so otherwise, ma>
become acquainted with the freshmen.
Women's Confcrcncc will Rive its quar
terly party for ail women tomorrow even
ing at 7 o'clock in the Women's club
house, Charlotte Lovekin, president of
A.W.S., announced yesterday. The pro
gram for the evening is being planned by
Masquers' Society.
The Conference Party was instituted
as a get-together for all women, so thai
upperclass women who have not an op
portunity of doing so otherwise, ma>
become acquainted with the freshmen.
Women's Confcrcncc will Rive its quar
terly party for ail women tomorrow even
ing at 7 o'clock in the Women's club
house, Charlotte Lovekin, president of
A.W.S., announced yesterday. The pro
gram for the evening is being planned by
Masquers' Society.
The Conference Party was instituted
as a get-together for all women, so thai
upperclass women who have not an op
portunity of doing so otherwise, ma>
become acquainted with the freshmen.
Women's Confcrcncc will Rive its quar
terly party for ail women tomorrow even
ing at 7 o'clock in the Women's club
house, Charlotte Lovekin, president of
A.W.S., announced yesterday. The pro
gram for the evening is being planned by
Masquers' Society.
The Conference Party was instituted
as a get-together for all women, so thai
upperclass women who have not an op
portunity of doing so otherwise, ma>
become acquainted with the freshmen.
Women's Confcrcncc will Rive its quar
terly party for ail women tomorrow even
ing at 7 o'clock in the Women's club
house, Charlotte Lovekin, president of
A.W.S., announced yesterday. The pro
gram for the evening is being planned by
Masquers' Society.
The Conference Party was instituted
as a get-together for all women, so thai
upperclass women who have not an op
portunity of doing so otherwise, ma>
become acquainted with the freshmen.
Women's Confcrcncc will Rive its quar
terly party for ail women tomorrow even
ing at 7 o'clock in the Women's club
house, Charlotte Lovekin, president of
A.W.S., announced yesterday. The pro
gram for the evening is being planned by
Masquers' Society.
The Conference Party was instituted
as a get-together for all women, so thai
upperclass women who have not an op
portunity of doing so otherwise, ma>
become acquainted with the freshmen.
Women's Confcrcncc will Rive its quar
terly party for ail women tomorrow even
ing at 7 o'clock in the Women's club
house, Charlotte Lovekin, president of
A.W.S., announced yesterday. The pro
gram for the evening is being planned by
Masquers' Society.
The Conference Party was instituted
as a get-together for all women, so thai
upperclass women who have not an op
portunity of doing so otherwise, ma>
become acquainted with the freshmen.
Women's Confcrcncc will Rive its quar
terly party for ail women tomorrow even
ing at 7 o'clock in the Women's club
house, Charlotte Lovekin, president of
A.W.S., announced yesterday. The pro
gram for the evening is being planned by
Masquers' Society.
The Conference Party was instituted
as a get-together for all women, so thai
upperclass women who have not an op
portunity of doing so otherwise, ma>
become acquainted with the freshmen.
Women's Confcrcncc will Rive its quar
terly party for ail women tomorrow even
ing at 7 o'clock in the Women's club
house, Charlotte Lovekin, president of
A.W.S., announced yesterday. The pro
gram for the evening is being planned by
Masquers' Society.
The Conference Party was instituted
as a get-together for all women, so thai
upperclass women who have not an op
portunity of doing so otherwise, ma>
become acquainted with the freshmen.
Women's Confcrcncc will Rive its quar
terly party for ail women tomorrow even
ing at 7 o'clock in the Women's club
house, Charlotte Lovekin, president of
A.W.S., announced yesterday. The pro
gram for the evening is being planned by
Masquers' Society.
The Conference Party was instituted
as a get-together for all women, so thai
upperclass women who have not an op
portunity of doing so otherwise, ma>
become acquainted with the freshmen.
Women's Confcrcncc will Rive its quar
terly party for ail women tomorrow even
ing at 7 o'clock in the Women's club
house, Charlotte Lovekin, president of
A.W.S., announced yesterday. The pro
gram for the evening is being planned by
Masquers' Society.
The Conference Party was instituted
as a get-together for all women, so thai
upperclass women who have not an op
portunity of doing so otherwise, ma>
become acquainted with the freshmen.
Women's Confcrcncc will Rive its quar
terly party for ail women tomorrow even
ing at 7 o'clock in the Women's club
house, Charlotte Lovekin, president of
A.W.S., announced yesterday. The pro
gram for the evening is being planned by
Masquers' Society.
The Conference Party was instituted
as a get-together for all women, so thai
upperclass women who have not an op
portunity of doing so otherwise, ma>
become acquainted with the freshmen.
Women's Confcrcncc will Rive its quar
terly party for ail women tomorrow even
ing at 7 o'clock in the Women's club
house, Charlotte Lovekin, president of
A.W.S., announced yesterday. The pro
gram for the evening is being planned by
Masquers' Society.
The Conference Party was instituted
as a get-together for all women, so thai
upperclass women who have not an op
portunity of doing so otherwise, ma>
become acquainted with the freshmen.
Women's Confcrcncc will Rive its quar
terly party for ail women tomorrow even
ing at 7 o'clock in the Women's club
house, Charlotte Lovekin, president of
A.W.S., announced yesterday. The pro
gram for the evening is being planned by
Masquers' Society.
The Conference Party was instituted
as a get-together for all women, so thai
upperclass women who have not an op
portunity of doing so otherwise, ma>
become acquainted with the freshmen.
Women's Confcrcncc will Rive its quar
terly party for ail women tomorrow even
ing at 7 o'clock in the Women's club
house, Charlotte Lovekin, president of
A.W.S., announced yesterday. The pro
gram for the evening is being planned by
Masquers' Society.
The Conference Party was instituted
as a get-together for all women, so thai
upperclass women who have not an op
portunity of doing so otherwise, ma>
become acquainted with the freshmen.
