# NEWCOMERS INVITED TO QUARTER'S FIRST EUPHRONIA MEETING
## 
### 
Euphronia will hold its opening
meeting of the fall quarter Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the lobby
of the Old Union. Following a custom
established for the purpose of familiar
izing newcomers with Stanford de
baters, the club at this meeting will
welcome all the freshmen and other
Stanford men who are interested in
debating.
The speakers for the evening are:
Theodore F. Uaer, debating manager,
Professor J. G. Emerson, varsity de
bating coach, and" one other. Tlieso
men will explain how debating is man
aged at present at Stanford. They will
also relate the past achievements of
Stanford debaters, and will tell of
future plans for the organization.
All men who are interested in join
ing Euphronia should attend this meet
ing, since tryouts for membership are
only a week off and anyone so trying
out must at least have attended one
meeting previous to the tryouts.
Euphronia will hold its opening
meeting of the fall quarter Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the lobby
of the Old Union. Following a custom
established for the purpose of familiar
izing newcomers with Stanford de
baters, the club at this meeting will
welcome all the freshmen and other
Stanford men who are interested in
debating.
The speakers for the evening are:
Theodore F. Uaer, debating manager,
Professor J. G. Emerson, varsity de
bating coach, and" one other. Tlieso
men will explain how debating is man
aged at present at Stanford. They will
also relate the past achievements of
Stanford debaters, and will tell of
future plans for the organization.
All men who are interested in join
ing Euphronia should attend this meet
ing, since tryouts for membership are
only a week off and anyone so trying
out must at least have attended one
meeting previous to the tryouts.
Euphronia will hold its opening
meeting of the fall quarter Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the lobby
of the Old Union. Following a custom
established for the purpose of familiar
izing newcomers with Stanford de
baters, the club at this meeting will
welcome all the freshmen and other
Stanford men who are interested in
debating.
The speakers for the evening are:
Theodore F. Uaer, debating manager,
Professor J. G. Emerson, varsity de
bating coach, and" one other. Tlieso
men will explain how debating is man
aged at present at Stanford. They will
also relate the past achievements of
Stanford debaters, and will tell of
future plans for the organization.
All men who are interested in join
ing Euphronia should attend this meet
ing, since tryouts for membership are
only a week off and anyone so trying
out must at least have attended one
meeting previous to the tryouts.
Euphronia will hold its opening
meeting of the fall quarter Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the lobby
of the Old Union. Following a custom
established for the purpose of familiar
izing newcomers with Stanford de
baters, the club at this meeting will
welcome all the freshmen and other
Stanford men who are interested in
debating.
The speakers for the evening are:
Theodore F. Uaer, debating manager,
Professor J. G. Emerson, varsity de
bating coach, and" one other. Tlieso
men will explain how debating is man
aged at present at Stanford. They will
also relate the past achievements of
Stanford debaters, and will tell of
future plans for the organization.
All men who are interested in join
ing Euphronia should attend this meet
ing, since tryouts for membership are
only a week off and anyone so trying
out must at least have attended one
meeting previous to the tryouts.
Euphronia will hold its opening
meeting of the fall quarter Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the lobby
of the Old Union. Following a custom
established for the purpose of familiar
izing newcomers with Stanford de
baters, the club at this meeting will
welcome all the freshmen and other
Stanford men who are interested in
debating.
The speakers for the evening are:
Theodore F. Uaer, debating manager,
Professor J. G. Emerson, varsity de
bating coach, and" one other. Tlieso
men will explain how debating is man
aged at present at Stanford. They will
also relate the past achievements of
Stanford debaters, and will tell of
future plans for the organization.
All men who are interested in join
ing Euphronia should attend this meet
ing, since tryouts for membership are
only a week off and anyone so trying
out must at least have attended one
meeting previous to the tryouts.
Euphronia will hold its opening
meeting of the fall quarter Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the lobby
of the Old Union. Following a custom
established for the purpose of familiar
izing newcomers with Stanford de
baters, the club at this meeting will
welcome all the freshmen and other
Stanford men who are interested in
debating.
The speakers for the evening are:
Theodore F. Uaer, debating manager,
Professor J. G. Emerson, varsity de
bating coach, and" one other. Tlieso
men will explain how debating is man
aged at present at Stanford. They will
also relate the past achievements of
Stanford debaters, and will tell of
future plans for the organization.
All men who are interested in join
ing Euphronia should attend this meet
ing, since tryouts for membership are
only a week off and anyone so trying
out must at least have attended one
meeting previous to the tryouts.
Euphronia will hold its opening
meeting of the fall quarter Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the lobby
of the Old Union. Following a custom
established for the purpose of familiar
izing newcomers with Stanford de
baters, the club at this meeting will
welcome all the freshmen and other
Stanford men who are interested in
debating.
The speakers for the evening are:
Theodore F. Uaer, debating manager,
Professor J. G. Emerson, varsity de
bating coach, and" one other. Tlieso
men will explain how debating is man
aged at present at Stanford. They will
also relate the past achievements of
Stanford debaters, and will tell of
future plans for the organization.
All men who are interested in join
ing Euphronia should attend this meet
ing, since tryouts for membership are
only a week off and anyone so trying
out must at least have attended one
meeting previous to the tryouts.
Euphronia will hold its opening
meeting of the fall quarter Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the lobby
of the Old Union. Following a custom
established for the purpose of familiar
izing newcomers with Stanford de
baters, the club at this meeting will
welcome all the freshmen and other
Stanford men who are interested in
debating.
The speakers for the evening are:
Theodore F. Uaer, debating manager,
Professor J. G. Emerson, varsity de
bating coach, and" one other. Tlieso
men will explain how debating is man
aged at present at Stanford. They will
also relate the past achievements of
Stanford debaters, and will tell of
future plans for the organization.
All men who are interested in join
ing Euphronia should attend this meet
ing, since tryouts for membership are
only a week off and anyone so trying
out must at least have attended one
meeting previous to the tryouts.
Euphronia will hold its opening
meeting of the fall quarter Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the lobby
of the Old Union. Following a custom
established for the purpose of familiar
izing newcomers with Stanford de
baters, the club at this meeting will
welcome all the freshmen and other
Stanford men who are interested in
debating.
The speakers for the evening are:
Theodore F. Uaer, debating manager,
Professor J. G. Emerson, varsity de
bating coach, and" one other. Tlieso
men will explain how debating is man
aged at present at Stanford. They will
also relate the past achievements of
Stanford debaters, and will tell of
future plans for the organization.
All men who are interested in join
ing Euphronia should attend this meet
ing, since tryouts for membership are
only a week off and anyone so trying
out must at least have attended one
meeting previous to the tryouts.
Euphronia will hold its opening
meeting of the fall quarter Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the lobby
of the Old Union. Following a custom
established for the purpose of familiar
izing newcomers with Stanford de
baters, the club at this meeting will
welcome all the freshmen and other
Stanford men who are interested in
debating.
The speakers for the evening are:
Theodore F. Uaer, debating manager,
Professor J. G. Emerson, varsity de
bating coach, and" one other. Tlieso
men will explain how debating is man
aged at present at Stanford. They will
also relate the past achievements of
Stanford debaters, and will tell of
future plans for the organization.
All men who are interested in join
ing Euphronia should attend this meet
ing, since tryouts for membership are
only a week off and anyone so trying
out must at least have attended one
meeting previous to the tryouts.
Euphronia will hold its opening
meeting of the fall quarter Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the lobby
of the Old Union. Following a custom
established for the purpose of familiar
izing newcomers with Stanford de
baters, the club at this meeting will
welcome all the freshmen and other
Stanford men who are interested in
debating.
The speakers for the evening are:
Theodore F. Uaer, debating manager,
Professor J. G. Emerson, varsity de
bating coach, and" one other. Tlieso
men will explain how debating is man
aged at present at Stanford. They will
also relate the past achievements of
Stanford debaters, and will tell of
future plans for the organization.
All men who are interested in join
ing Euphronia should attend this meet
ing, since tryouts for membership are
only a week off and anyone so trying
out must at least have attended one
meeting previous to the tryouts.
Euphronia will hold its opening
meeting of the fall quarter Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the lobby
of the Old Union. Following a custom
established for the purpose of familiar
izing newcomers with Stanford de
baters, the club at this meeting will
welcome all the freshmen and other
Stanford men who are interested in
debating.
The speakers for the evening are:
Theodore F. Uaer, debating manager,
Professor J. G. Emerson, varsity de
bating coach, and" one other. Tlieso
men will explain how debating is man
aged at present at Stanford. They will
also relate the past achievements of
Stanford debaters, and will tell of
future plans for the organization.
All men who are interested in join
ing Euphronia should attend this meet
ing, since tryouts for membership are
only a week off and anyone so trying
out must at least have attended one
meeting previous to the tryouts.
Euphronia will hold its opening
meeting of the fall quarter Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the lobby
of the Old Union. Following a custom
established for the purpose of familiar
izing newcomers with Stanford de
baters, the club at this meeting will
welcome all the freshmen and other
Stanford men who are interested in
debating.
The speakers for the evening are:
Theodore F. Uaer, debating manager,
Professor J. G. Emerson, varsity de
bating coach, and" one other. Tlieso
men will explain how debating is man
aged at present at Stanford. They will
also relate the past achievements of
Stanford debaters, and will tell of
future plans for the organization.
All men who are interested in join
ing Euphronia should attend this meet
ing, since tryouts for membership are
only a week off and anyone so trying
out must at least have attended one
meeting previous to the tryouts.
Euphronia will hold its opening
meeting of the fall quarter Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the lobby
of the Old Union. Following a custom
established for the purpose of familiar
izing newcomers with Stanford de
baters, the club at this meeting will
welcome all the freshmen and other
Stanford men who are interested in
debating.
The speakers for the evening are:
Theodore F. Uaer, debating manager,
Professor J. G. Emerson, varsity de
bating coach, and" one other. Tlieso
men will explain how debating is man
aged at present at Stanford. They will
also relate the past achievements of
Stanford debaters, and will tell of
future plans for the organization.
All men who are interested in join
ing Euphronia should attend this meet
ing, since tryouts for membership are
only a week off and anyone so trying
out must at least have attended one
meeting previous to the tryouts.
Euphronia will hold its opening
meeting of the fall quarter Thursday
evening at 7:30 o'clock in the lobby
of the Old Union. Following a custom
established for the purpose of familiar
izing newcomers with Stanford de
baters, the club at this meeting will
welcome all the freshmen and other
Stanford men who are interested in
debating.
The speakers for the evening are:
Theodore F. Uaer, debating manager,
Professor J. G. Emerson, varsity de
bating coach, and" one other. Tlieso
men will explain how debating is man
aged at present at Stanford. They will
also relate the past achievements of
Stanford debaters, and will tell of
future plans for the organization.
All men who are interested in join
ing Euphronia should attend this meet
ing, since tryouts for membership are
only a week off and anyone so trying
out must at least have attended one
meeting previous to the tryouts.
