# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Zane Gray, the novelist, is reported
to have paid $1500 for a reel used in
catching tuna fish.
Zane Gray, the novelist, is reported
to have paid $1500 for a reel used in
catching tuna fish.
Zane Gray, the novelist, is reported
to have paid $1500 for a reel used in
catching tuna fish.
Zane Gray, the novelist, is reported
to have paid $1500 for a reel used in
catching tuna fish.
Zane Gray, the novelist, is reported
to have paid $1500 for a reel used in
catching tuna fish.
Zane Gray, the novelist, is reported
to have paid $1500 for a reel used in
catching tuna fish.
Zane Gray, the novelist, is reported
to have paid $1500 for a reel used in
catching tuna fish.
Zane Gray, the novelist, is reported
to have paid $1500 for a reel used in
catching tuna fish.
Zane Gray, the novelist, is reported
to have paid $1500 for a reel used in
catching tuna fish.
Zane Gray, the novelist, is reported
to have paid $1500 for a reel used in
catching tuna fish.
Zane Gray, the novelist, is reported
to have paid $1500 for a reel used in
catching tuna fish.
Zane Gray, the novelist, is reported
to have paid $1500 for a reel used in
catching tuna fish.
Zane Gray, the novelist, is reported
to have paid $1500 for a reel used in
catching tuna fish.
Zane Gray, the novelist, is reported
to have paid $1500 for a reel used in
catching tuna fish.
Zane Gray, the novelist, is reported
to have paid $1500 for a reel used in
catching tuna fish.
