# EIGHTEEN DANCES ON PROGRAM.
## Senior Ball Committee Decides on Various Details of Annual Event. Brohaska's Orchestra. 
### 
Eighteen dances will make np the
program of the Senior ball, according
to J. P. Levy, chairman of the Senior
Ball Committee. The committee last
evening decided on this point, and it
■was unanimously agreed that no less
than that number should be considered.
Besides the number of dances to be
placed on the program, it was the
opinion of the committee that Bro
haska's orchestra should be the source
of music, and that very probably its
powers would be increased by the ad
dition of two or more musicians. The
decoration of the hall was also a sub
ject of consideration at the meeting,and
although no definite plan of decorat
ing has been compiled, a unique and
original method is the hope of the
members. The supper will receive a
great deal of attention from the com
mitteemen, and one surpassing any
thing in the past is the idea proposed.
The next meeting of the committee
will be held after the spring vacation,
and it is the intention of the members
that definite action will be taken at
this conference on all matters pertain
ing to the ball.
Eighteen dances will make np the
program of the Senior ball, according
to J. P. Levy, chairman of the Senior
Ball Committee. The committee last
evening decided on this point, and it
■was unanimously agreed that no less
than that number should be considered.
Besides the number of dances to be
placed on the program, it was the
opinion of the committee that Bro
haska's orchestra should be the source
of music, and that very probably its
powers would be increased by the ad
dition of two or more musicians. The
decoration of the hall was also a sub
ject of consideration at the meeting,and
although no definite plan of decorat
ing has been compiled, a unique and
original method is the hope of the
members. The supper will receive a
great deal of attention from the com
mitteemen, and one surpassing any
thing in the past is the idea proposed.
The next meeting of the committee
will be held after the spring vacation,
and it is the intention of the members
that definite action will be taken at
this conference on all matters pertain
ing to the ball.
Eighteen dances will make np the
program of the Senior ball, according
to J. P. Levy, chairman of the Senior
Ball Committee. The committee last
evening decided on this point, and it
■was unanimously agreed that no less
than that number should be considered.
Besides the number of dances to be
placed on the program, it was the
opinion of the committee that Bro
haska's orchestra should be the source
of music, and that very probably its
powers would be increased by the ad
dition of two or more musicians. The
decoration of the hall was also a sub
ject of consideration at the meeting,and
although no definite plan of decorat
ing has been compiled, a unique and
original method is the hope of the
members. The supper will receive a
great deal of attention from the com
mitteemen, and one surpassing any
thing in the past is the idea proposed.
The next meeting of the committee
will be held after the spring vacation,
and it is the intention of the members
that definite action will be taken at
this conference on all matters pertain
ing to the ball.
Eighteen dances will make np the
program of the Senior ball, according
to J. P. Levy, chairman of the Senior
Ball Committee. The committee last
evening decided on this point, and it
■was unanimously agreed that no less
than that number should be considered.
Besides the number of dances to be
placed on the program, it was the
opinion of the committee that Bro
haska's orchestra should be the source
of music, and that very probably its
powers would be increased by the ad
dition of two or more musicians. The
decoration of the hall was also a sub
ject of consideration at the meeting,and
although no definite plan of decorat
ing has been compiled, a unique and
original method is the hope of the
members. The supper will receive a
great deal of attention from the com
mitteemen, and one surpassing any
thing in the past is the idea proposed.
The next meeting of the committee
will be held after the spring vacation,
and it is the intention of the members
that definite action will be taken at
this conference on all matters pertain
ing to the ball.
Eighteen dances will make np the
program of the Senior ball, according
to J. P. Levy, chairman of the Senior
Ball Committee. The committee last
evening decided on this point, and it
■was unanimously agreed that no less
than that number should be considered.
Besides the number of dances to be
placed on the program, it was the
opinion of the committee that Bro
haska's orchestra should be the source
of music, and that very probably its
powers would be increased by the ad
dition of two or more musicians. The
decoration of the hall was also a sub
ject of consideration at the meeting,and
although no definite plan of decorat
ing has been compiled, a unique and
original method is the hope of the
members. The supper will receive a
great deal of attention from the com
mitteemen, and one surpassing any
thing in the past is the idea proposed.
The next meeting of the committee
will be held after the spring vacation,
and it is the intention of the members
that definite action will be taken at
this conference on all matters pertain
ing to the ball.
Eighteen dances will make np the
program of the Senior ball, according
to J. P. Levy, chairman of the Senior
Ball Committee. The committee last
evening decided on this point, and it
■was unanimously agreed that no less
than that number should be considered.
Besides the number of dances to be
placed on the program, it was the
opinion of the committee that Bro
haska's orchestra should be the source
of music, and that very probably its
powers would be increased by the ad
dition of two or more musicians. The
decoration of the hall was also a sub
ject of consideration at the meeting,and
although no definite plan of decorat
ing has been compiled, a unique and
original method is the hope of the
members. The supper will receive a
great deal of attention from the com
mitteemen, and one surpassing any
thing in the past is the idea proposed.
The next meeting of the committee
will be held after the spring vacation,
and it is the intention of the members
that definite action will be taken at
this conference on all matters pertain
ing to the ball.
Eighteen dances will make np the
program of the Senior ball, according
to J. P. Levy, chairman of the Senior
Ball Committee. The committee last
evening decided on this point, and it
■was unanimously agreed that no less
than that number should be considered.
Besides the number of dances to be
placed on the program, it was the
opinion of the committee that Bro
haska's orchestra should be the source
of music, and that very probably its
powers would be increased by the ad
dition of two or more musicians. The
decoration of the hall was also a sub
ject of consideration at the meeting,and
although no definite plan of decorat
ing has been compiled, a unique and
original method is the hope of the
members. The supper will receive a
great deal of attention from the com
mitteemen, and one surpassing any
thing in the past is the idea proposed.
The next meeting of the committee
will be held after the spring vacation,
and it is the intention of the members
that definite action will be taken at
this conference on all matters pertain
ing to the ball.
Eighteen dances will make np the
program of the Senior ball, according
to J. P. Levy, chairman of the Senior
Ball Committee. The committee last
evening decided on this point, and it
■was unanimously agreed that no less
than that number should be considered.
Besides the number of dances to be
placed on the program, it was the
opinion of the committee that Bro
haska's orchestra should be the source
of music, and that very probably its
powers would be increased by the ad
dition of two or more musicians. The
decoration of the hall was also a sub
ject of consideration at the meeting,and
although no definite plan of decorat
ing has been compiled, a unique and
original method is the hope of the
members. The supper will receive a
great deal of attention from the com
mitteemen, and one surpassing any
thing in the past is the idea proposed.
The next meeting of the committee
will be held after the spring vacation,
and it is the intention of the members
that definite action will be taken at
this conference on all matters pertain
ing to the ball.
Eighteen dances will make np the
program of the Senior ball, according
to J. P. Levy, chairman of the Senior
Ball Committee. The committee last
evening decided on this point, and it
■was unanimously agreed that no less
than that number should be considered.
Besides the number of dances to be
placed on the program, it was the
opinion of the committee that Bro
haska's orchestra should be the source
of music, and that very probably its
powers would be increased by the ad
dition of two or more musicians. The
decoration of the hall was also a sub
ject of consideration at the meeting,and
although no definite plan of decorat
ing has been compiled, a unique and
original method is the hope of the
members. The supper will receive a
great deal of attention from the com
mitteemen, and one surpassing any
thing in the past is the idea proposed.
The next meeting of the committee
will be held after the spring vacation,
and it is the intention of the members
that definite action will be taken at
this conference on all matters pertain
ing to the ball.
Eighteen dances will make np the
program of the Senior ball, according
to J. P. Levy, chairman of the Senior
Ball Committee. The committee last
evening decided on this point, and it
■was unanimously agreed that no less
than that number should be considered.
Besides the number of dances to be
placed on the program, it was the
opinion of the committee that Bro
haska's orchestra should be the source
of music, and that very probably its
powers would be increased by the ad
dition of two or more musicians. The
decoration of the hall was also a sub
ject of consideration at the meeting,and
although no definite plan of decorat
ing has been compiled, a unique and
original method is the hope of the
members. The supper will receive a
great deal of attention from the com
mitteemen, and one surpassing any
thing in the past is the idea proposed.
The next meeting of the committee
will be held after the spring vacation,
and it is the intention of the members
that definite action will be taken at
this conference on all matters pertain
ing to the ball.
Eighteen dances will make np the
program of the Senior ball, according
to J. P. Levy, chairman of the Senior
Ball Committee. The committee last
evening decided on this point, and it
■was unanimously agreed that no less
than that number should be considered.
Besides the number of dances to be
placed on the program, it was the
opinion of the committee that Bro
haska's orchestra should be the source
of music, and that very probably its
powers would be increased by the ad
dition of two or more musicians. The
decoration of the hall was also a sub
ject of consideration at the meeting,and
although no definite plan of decorat
ing has been compiled, a unique and
original method is the hope of the
members. The supper will receive a
great deal of attention from the com
mitteemen, and one surpassing any
thing in the past is the idea proposed.
The next meeting of the committee
will be held after the spring vacation,
and it is the intention of the members
that definite action will be taken at
this conference on all matters pertain
ing to the ball.
