# Vacation Work.
## 
### 
I wish to engage several students for
next summer's vacation on a proposi
tion paying $35.00 to $50.00 per week
for right party. Reply at once, Box 34.
campus.
I wish to engage several students for
next summer's vacation on a proposi
tion paying $35.00 to $50.00 per week
for right party. Reply at once, Box 34.
campus.
I wish to engage several students for
next summer's vacation on a proposi
tion paying $35.00 to $50.00 per week
for right party. Reply at once, Box 34.
campus.
I wish to engage several students for
next summer's vacation on a proposi
tion paying $35.00 to $50.00 per week
for right party. Reply at once, Box 34.
campus.
I wish to engage several students for
next summer's vacation on a proposi
tion paying $35.00 to $50.00 per week
for right party. Reply at once, Box 34.
campus.
I wish to engage several students for
next summer's vacation on a proposi
tion paying $35.00 to $50.00 per week
for right party. Reply at once, Box 34.
campus.
I wish to engage several students for
next summer's vacation on a proposi
tion paying $35.00 to $50.00 per week
for right party. Reply at once, Box 34.
campus.
I wish to engage several students for
next summer's vacation on a proposi
tion paying $35.00 to $50.00 per week
for right party. Reply at once, Box 34.
campus.
I wish to engage several students for
next summer's vacation on a proposi
tion paying $35.00 to $50.00 per week
for right party. Reply at once, Box 34.
campus.
I wish to engage several students for
next summer's vacation on a proposi
tion paying $35.00 to $50.00 per week
for right party. Reply at once, Box 34.
campus.
I wish to engage several students for
next summer's vacation on a proposi
tion paying $35.00 to $50.00 per week
for right party. Reply at once, Box 34.
campus.
