# Executive Committee.
## 
### 
The Executive Committee of the
Associated Students held its regu
lar weekly meeting last night.
Several routine reports were sub
mitted and approved by the com
mittee.
The proposition to close the road
which intersects the baseball field
to vehicle traffic was discussed.
Manager Barrett was instructed to
confer with Treasurer Lathrop in
regard to plans for prohibiting the
use of the field as a thoroughfare.
The committee having the mat
ter in charge reported that the cup
recently purchased as a trophy for
the high school debating league of
Southern California has been ap
propriately engraved, and will be
exhibited at the University for a
few days before it is sent south.
The Executive Committee of the
Associated Students held its regu
lar weekly meeting last night.
Several routine reports were sub
mitted and approved by the com
mittee.
The proposition to close the road
which intersects the baseball field
to vehicle traffic was discussed.
Manager Barrett was instructed to
confer with Treasurer Lathrop in
regard to plans for prohibiting the
use of the field as a thoroughfare.
The committee having the mat
ter in charge reported that the cup
recently purchased as a trophy for
the high school debating league of
Southern California has been ap
propriately engraved, and will be
exhibited at the University for a
few days before it is sent south.
The Executive Committee of the
Associated Students held its regu
lar weekly meeting last night.
Several routine reports were sub
mitted and approved by the com
mittee.
The proposition to close the road
which intersects the baseball field
to vehicle traffic was discussed.
Manager Barrett was instructed to
confer with Treasurer Lathrop in
regard to plans for prohibiting the
use of the field as a thoroughfare.
The committee having the mat
ter in charge reported that the cup
recently purchased as a trophy for
the high school debating league of
Southern California has been ap
propriately engraved, and will be
exhibited at the University for a
few days before it is sent south.
The Executive Committee of the
Associated Students held its regu
lar weekly meeting last night.
Several routine reports were sub
mitted and approved by the com
mittee.
The proposition to close the road
which intersects the baseball field
to vehicle traffic was discussed.
Manager Barrett was instructed to
confer with Treasurer Lathrop in
regard to plans for prohibiting the
use of the field as a thoroughfare.
The committee having the mat
ter in charge reported that the cup
recently purchased as a trophy for
the high school debating league of
Southern California has been ap
propriately engraved, and will be
exhibited at the University for a
few days before it is sent south.
The Executive Committee of the
Associated Students held its regu
lar weekly meeting last night.
Several routine reports were sub
mitted and approved by the com
mittee.
The proposition to close the road
which intersects the baseball field
to vehicle traffic was discussed.
Manager Barrett was instructed to
confer with Treasurer Lathrop in
regard to plans for prohibiting the
use of the field as a thoroughfare.
The committee having the mat
ter in charge reported that the cup
recently purchased as a trophy for
the high school debating league of
Southern California has been ap
propriately engraved, and will be
exhibited at the University for a
few days before it is sent south.
The Executive Committee of the
Associated Students held its regu
lar weekly meeting last night.
Several routine reports were sub
mitted and approved by the com
mittee.
The proposition to close the road
which intersects the baseball field
to vehicle traffic was discussed.
Manager Barrett was instructed to
confer with Treasurer Lathrop in
regard to plans for prohibiting the
use of the field as a thoroughfare.
The committee having the mat
ter in charge reported that the cup
recently purchased as a trophy for
the high school debating league of
Southern California has been ap
propriately engraved, and will be
exhibited at the University for a
few days before it is sent south.
The Executive Committee of the
Associated Students held its regu
lar weekly meeting last night.
Several routine reports were sub
mitted and approved by the com
mittee.
The proposition to close the road
which intersects the baseball field
to vehicle traffic was discussed.
Manager Barrett was instructed to
confer with Treasurer Lathrop in
regard to plans for prohibiting the
use of the field as a thoroughfare.
The committee having the mat
ter in charge reported that the cup
recently purchased as a trophy for
the high school debating league of
Southern California has been ap
propriately engraved, and will be
exhibited at the University for a
few days before it is sent south.
The Executive Committee of the
Associated Students held its regu
lar weekly meeting last night.
Several routine reports were sub
mitted and approved by the com
mittee.
The proposition to close the road
which intersects the baseball field
to vehicle traffic was discussed.
Manager Barrett was instructed to
confer with Treasurer Lathrop in
regard to plans for prohibiting the
use of the field as a thoroughfare.
The committee having the mat
ter in charge reported that the cup
recently purchased as a trophy for
the high school debating league of
Southern California has been ap
propriately engraved, and will be
exhibited at the University for a
few days before it is sent south.
