# DEAN YOST WILL BE HOSTESS TO HOCKEY PLAYERS TOMORROW
## 
### 
I'ean Mary Yost will give an in
formal luncheon tomorrow in the
I'nion lor the Ail-American hockey
team, Stanford coaches, Rosamond
Clarke, president of W.A.A., and
Peggy Ball, captain of the Stanford
All-Stars.
A tentative line-up for Stanford
ha** been announced and is open to
r-hange after Monday's practice:
Claire Nichols, right wing; Belts
Hawkins, right inside; Edith Bad
ger, center forward; Sandy Leib,
It ft inside; Helen Ullman, left
wing; Marjorie Thomas, right half;
Maxine Cashing, right fullback;
Katherine Harwood, center half;
.lane Snyder, left, full; Eleanor
Oplviils, left half, and Peggy Ball,
geal. Reserves on the forward line:
Nourse, Bugge, Boyd, Bailey; hack
field: Lewton, Dunlap, Clark, Har
court, Thompson.
I'ean Mary Yost will give an in
formal luncheon tomorrow in the
I'nion lor the Ail-American hockey
team, Stanford coaches, Rosamond
Clarke, president of W.A.A., and
Peggy Ball, captain of the Stanford
All-Stars.
A tentative line-up for Stanford
ha** been announced and is open to
r-hange after Monday's practice:
Claire Nichols, right wing; Belts
Hawkins, right inside; Edith Bad
ger, center forward; Sandy Leib,
It ft inside; Helen Ullman, left
wing; Marjorie Thomas, right half;
Maxine Cashing, right fullback;
Katherine Harwood, center half;
.lane Snyder, left, full; Eleanor
Oplviils, left half, and Peggy Ball,
geal. Reserves on the forward line:
Nourse, Bugge, Boyd, Bailey; hack
field: Lewton, Dunlap, Clark, Har
court, Thompson.
I'ean Mary Yost will give an in
formal luncheon tomorrow in the
I'nion lor the Ail-American hockey
team, Stanford coaches, Rosamond
Clarke, president of W.A.A., and
Peggy Ball, captain of the Stanford
All-Stars.
A tentative line-up for Stanford
ha** been announced and is open to
r-hange after Monday's practice:
Claire Nichols, right wing; Belts
Hawkins, right inside; Edith Bad
ger, center forward; Sandy Leib,
It ft inside; Helen Ullman, left
wing; Marjorie Thomas, right half;
Maxine Cashing, right fullback;
Katherine Harwood, center half;
.lane Snyder, left, full; Eleanor
Oplviils, left half, and Peggy Ball,
geal. Reserves on the forward line:
Nourse, Bugge, Boyd, Bailey; hack
field: Lewton, Dunlap, Clark, Har
court, Thompson.
I'ean Mary Yost will give an in
formal luncheon tomorrow in the
I'nion lor the Ail-American hockey
team, Stanford coaches, Rosamond
Clarke, president of W.A.A., and
Peggy Ball, captain of the Stanford
All-Stars.
A tentative line-up for Stanford
ha** been announced and is open to
r-hange after Monday's practice:
Claire Nichols, right wing; Belts
Hawkins, right inside; Edith Bad
ger, center forward; Sandy Leib,
It ft inside; Helen Ullman, left
wing; Marjorie Thomas, right half;
Maxine Cashing, right fullback;
Katherine Harwood, center half;
.lane Snyder, left, full; Eleanor
Oplviils, left half, and Peggy Ball,
geal. Reserves on the forward line:
Nourse, Bugge, Boyd, Bailey; hack
field: Lewton, Dunlap, Clark, Har
court, Thompson.
I'ean Mary Yost will give an in
formal luncheon tomorrow in the
I'nion lor the Ail-American hockey
team, Stanford coaches, Rosamond
Clarke, president of W.A.A., and
Peggy Ball, captain of the Stanford
All-Stars.
A tentative line-up for Stanford
ha** been announced and is open to
r-hange after Monday's practice:
Claire Nichols, right wing; Belts
Hawkins, right inside; Edith Bad
ger, center forward; Sandy Leib,
It ft inside; Helen Ullman, left
wing; Marjorie Thomas, right half;
Maxine Cashing, right fullback;
Katherine Harwood, center half;
.lane Snyder, left, full; Eleanor
Oplviils, left half, and Peggy Ball,
geal. Reserves on the forward line:
Nourse, Bugge, Boyd, Bailey; hack
field: Lewton, Dunlap, Clark, Har
court, Thompson.
I'ean Mary Yost will give an in
formal luncheon tomorrow in the
I'nion lor the Ail-American hockey
team, Stanford coaches, Rosamond
Clarke, president of W.A.A., and
Peggy Ball, captain of the Stanford
All-Stars.
A tentative line-up for Stanford
ha** been announced and is open to
r-hange after Monday's practice:
Claire Nichols, right wing; Belts
Hawkins, right inside; Edith Bad
ger, center forward; Sandy Leib,
It ft inside; Helen Ullman, left
wing; Marjorie Thomas, right half;
Maxine Cashing, right fullback;
Katherine Harwood, center half;
.lane Snyder, left, full; Eleanor
Oplviils, left half, and Peggy Ball,
geal. Reserves on the forward line:
Nourse, Bugge, Boyd, Bailey; hack
field: Lewton, Dunlap, Clark, Har
court, Thompson.
I'ean Mary Yost will give an in
formal luncheon tomorrow in the
I'nion lor the Ail-American hockey
team, Stanford coaches, Rosamond
Clarke, president of W.A.A., and
Peggy Ball, captain of the Stanford
All-Stars.
A tentative line-up for Stanford
ha** been announced and is open to
r-hange after Monday's practice:
Claire Nichols, right wing; Belts
Hawkins, right inside; Edith Bad
ger, center forward; Sandy Leib,
It ft inside; Helen Ullman, left
wing; Marjorie Thomas, right half;
Maxine Cashing, right fullback;
Katherine Harwood, center half;
.lane Snyder, left, full; Eleanor
Oplviils, left half, and Peggy Ball,
geal. Reserves on the forward line:
Nourse, Bugge, Boyd, Bailey; hack
field: Lewton, Dunlap, Clark, Har
court, Thompson.
I'ean Mary Yost will give an in
formal luncheon tomorrow in the
I'nion lor the Ail-American hockey
team, Stanford coaches, Rosamond
Clarke, president of W.A.A., and
Peggy Ball, captain of the Stanford
All-Stars.
A tentative line-up for Stanford
ha** been announced and is open to
r-hange after Monday's practice:
Claire Nichols, right wing; Belts
Hawkins, right inside; Edith Bad
ger, center forward; Sandy Leib,
It ft inside; Helen Ullman, left
wing; Marjorie Thomas, right half;
Maxine Cashing, right fullback;
Katherine Harwood, center half;
.lane Snyder, left, full; Eleanor
Oplviils, left half, and Peggy Ball,
geal. Reserves on the forward line:
Nourse, Bugge, Boyd, Bailey; hack
field: Lewton, Dunlap, Clark, Har
court, Thompson.
I'ean Mary Yost will give an in
formal luncheon tomorrow in the
I'nion lor the Ail-American hockey
team, Stanford coaches, Rosamond
Clarke, president of W.A.A., and
Peggy Ball, captain of the Stanford
All-Stars.
A tentative line-up for Stanford
ha** been announced and is open to
r-hange after Monday's practice:
Claire Nichols, right wing; Belts
Hawkins, right inside; Edith Bad
ger, center forward; Sandy Leib,
It ft inside; Helen Ullman, left
wing; Marjorie Thomas, right half;
Maxine Cashing, right fullback;
Katherine Harwood, center half;
.lane Snyder, left, full; Eleanor
Oplviils, left half, and Peggy Ball,
geal. Reserves on the forward line:
Nourse, Bugge, Boyd, Bailey; hack
field: Lewton, Dunlap, Clark, Har
court, Thompson.
I'ean Mary Yost will give an in
formal luncheon tomorrow in the
I'nion lor the Ail-American hockey
team, Stanford coaches, Rosamond
Clarke, president of W.A.A., and
Peggy Ball, captain of the Stanford
All-Stars.
A tentative line-up for Stanford
ha** been announced and is open to
r-hange after Monday's practice:
Claire Nichols, right wing; Belts
Hawkins, right inside; Edith Bad
ger, center forward; Sandy Leib,
It ft inside; Helen Ullman, left
wing; Marjorie Thomas, right half;
Maxine Cashing, right fullback;
Katherine Harwood, center half;
.lane Snyder, left, full; Eleanor
Oplviils, left half, and Peggy Ball,
geal. Reserves on the forward line:
Nourse, Bugge, Boyd, Bailey; hack
field: Lewton, Dunlap, Clark, Har
court, Thompson.
I'ean Mary Yost will give an in
formal luncheon tomorrow in the
I'nion lor the Ail-American hockey
team, Stanford coaches, Rosamond
Clarke, president of W.A.A., and
Peggy Ball, captain of the Stanford
All-Stars.
A tentative line-up for Stanford
ha** been announced and is open to
r-hange after Monday's practice:
Claire Nichols, right wing; Belts
Hawkins, right inside; Edith Bad
ger, center forward; Sandy Leib,
It ft inside; Helen Ullman, left
wing; Marjorie Thomas, right half;
Maxine Cashing, right fullback;
Katherine Harwood, center half;
.lane Snyder, left, full; Eleanor
Oplviils, left half, and Peggy Ball,
geal. Reserves on the forward line:
Nourse, Bugge, Boyd, Bailey; hack
field: Lewton, Dunlap, Clark, Har
court, Thompson.
I'ean Mary Yost will give an in
formal luncheon tomorrow in the
I'nion lor the Ail-American hockey
team, Stanford coaches, Rosamond
Clarke, president of W.A.A., and
Peggy Ball, captain of the Stanford
All-Stars.
A tentative line-up for Stanford
ha** been announced and is open to
r-hange after Monday's practice:
Claire Nichols, right wing; Belts
Hawkins, right inside; Edith Bad
ger, center forward; Sandy Leib,
It ft inside; Helen Ullman, left
wing; Marjorie Thomas, right half;
Maxine Cashing, right fullback;
Katherine Harwood, center half;
.lane Snyder, left, full; Eleanor
Oplviils, left half, and Peggy Ball,
geal. Reserves on the forward line:
Nourse, Bugge, Boyd, Bailey; hack
field: Lewton, Dunlap, Clark, Har
court, Thompson.
I'ean Mary Yost will give an in
formal luncheon tomorrow in the
I'nion lor the Ail-American hockey
team, Stanford coaches, Rosamond
Clarke, president of W.A.A., and
Peggy Ball, captain of the Stanford
All-Stars.
A tentative line-up for Stanford
ha** been announced and is open to
r-hange after Monday's practice:
Claire Nichols, right wing; Belts
Hawkins, right inside; Edith Bad
ger, center forward; Sandy Leib,
It ft inside; Helen Ullman, left
wing; Marjorie Thomas, right half;
Maxine Cashing, right fullback;
Katherine Harwood, center half;
.lane Snyder, left, full; Eleanor
Oplviils, left half, and Peggy Ball,
geal. Reserves on the forward line:
Nourse, Bugge, Boyd, Bailey; hack
field: Lewton, Dunlap, Clark, Har
court, Thompson.
I'ean Mary Yost will give an in
formal luncheon tomorrow in the
I'nion lor the Ail-American hockey
team, Stanford coaches, Rosamond
Clarke, president of W.A.A., and
Peggy Ball, captain of the Stanford
All-Stars.
A tentative line-up for Stanford
ha** been announced and is open to
r-hange after Monday's practice:
Claire Nichols, right wing; Belts
Hawkins, right inside; Edith Bad
ger, center forward; Sandy Leib,
It ft inside; Helen Ullman, left
wing; Marjorie Thomas, right half;
Maxine Cashing, right fullback;
Katherine Harwood, center half;
.lane Snyder, left, full; Eleanor
Oplviils, left half, and Peggy Ball,
geal. Reserves on the forward line:
Nourse, Bugge, Boyd, Bailey; hack
field: Lewton, Dunlap, Clark, Har
court, Thompson.
I'ean Mary Yost will give an in
formal luncheon tomorrow in the
I'nion lor the Ail-American hockey
team, Stanford coaches, Rosamond
Clarke, president of W.A.A., and
Peggy Ball, captain of the Stanford
All-Stars.
A tentative line-up for Stanford
ha** been announced and is open to
r-hange after Monday's practice:
Claire Nichols, right wing; Belts
Hawkins, right inside; Edith Bad
ger, center forward; Sandy Leib,
It ft inside; Helen Ullman, left
wing; Marjorie Thomas, right half;
Maxine Cashing, right fullback;
Katherine Harwood, center half;
.lane Snyder, left, full; Eleanor
Oplviils, left half, and Peggy Ball,
geal. Reserves on the forward line:
Nourse, Bugge, Boyd, Bailey; hack
field: Lewton, Dunlap, Clark, Har
court, Thompson.
I'ean Mary Yost will give an in
formal luncheon tomorrow in the
I'nion lor the Ail-American hockey
team, Stanford coaches, Rosamond
Clarke, president of W.A.A., and
Peggy Ball, captain of the Stanford
All-Stars.
A tentative line-up for Stanford
ha** been announced and is open to
r-hange after Monday's practice:
Claire Nichols, right wing; Belts
Hawkins, right inside; Edith Bad
ger, center forward; Sandy Leib,
It ft inside; Helen Ullman, left
wing; Marjorie Thomas, right half;
Maxine Cashing, right fullback;
Katherine Harwood, center half;
.lane Snyder, left, full; Eleanor
Oplviils, left half, and Peggy Ball,
geal. Reserves on the forward line:
Nourse, Bugge, Boyd, Bailey; hack
field: Lewton, Dunlap, Clark, Har
court, Thompson.
