# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Santa Clara varsity baseball
team will be coached by :i stu
dent this year.
The Santa Clara varsity baseball
team will be coached by :i stu
dent this year.
The Santa Clara varsity baseball
team will be coached by :i stu
dent this year.
The Santa Clara varsity baseball
team will be coached by :i stu
dent this year.
The Santa Clara varsity baseball
team will be coached by :i stu
dent this year.
The Santa Clara varsity baseball
team will be coached by :i stu
dent this year.
The Santa Clara varsity baseball
team will be coached by :i stu
dent this year.
The Santa Clara varsity baseball
team will be coached by :i stu
dent this year.
The Santa Clara varsity baseball
team will be coached by :i stu
dent this year.
The Santa Clara varsity baseball
team will be coached by :i stu
dent this year.
The Santa Clara varsity baseball
team will be coached by :i stu
dent this year.
The Santa Clara varsity baseball
team will be coached by :i stu
dent this year.
The Santa Clara varsity baseball
team will be coached by :i stu
dent this year.
The Santa Clara varsity baseball
team will be coached by :i stu
dent this year.
The Santa Clara varsity baseball
team will be coached by :i stu
dent this year.
The Santa Clara varsity baseball
team will be coached by :i stu
dent this year.
