# GROVES IS ON WAY TO 'PAY DIRT'
## 
### 

,I3M GROVES displays (ho best way (<> got past the safety man with about 10 yards to go for a touch
down. This was the way the Cards scored their first touchdown (his season against U.C.L.A. Saturday.
—Photo by Ted Reed

,I3M GROVES displays (ho best way (<> got past the safety man with about 10 yards to go for a touch
down. This was the way the Cards scored their first touchdown (his season against U.C.L.A. Saturday.
—Photo by Ted Reed

,I3M GROVES displays (ho best way (<> got past the safety man with about 10 yards to go for a touch
down. This was the way the Cards scored their first touchdown (his season against U.C.L.A. Saturday.
—Photo by Ted Reed

,I3M GROVES displays (ho best way (<> got past the safety man with about 10 yards to go for a touch
down. This was the way the Cards scored their first touchdown (his season against U.C.L.A. Saturday.
—Photo by Ted Reed

,I3M GROVES displays (ho best way (<> got past the safety man with about 10 yards to go for a touch
down. This was the way the Cards scored their first touchdown (his season against U.C.L.A. Saturday.
—Photo by Ted Reed

,I3M GROVES displays (ho best way (<> got past the safety man with about 10 yards to go for a touch
down. This was the way the Cards scored their first touchdown (his season against U.C.L.A. Saturday.
—Photo by Ted Reed

,I3M GROVES displays (ho best way (<> got past the safety man with about 10 yards to go for a touch
down. This was the way the Cards scored their first touchdown (his season against U.C.L.A. Saturday.
—Photo by Ted Reed

,I3M GROVES displays (ho best way (<> got past the safety man with about 10 yards to go for a touch
down. This was the way the Cards scored their first touchdown (his season against U.C.L.A. Saturday.
—Photo by Ted Reed

,I3M GROVES displays (ho best way (<> got past the safety man with about 10 yards to go for a touch
down. This was the way the Cards scored their first touchdown (his season against U.C.L.A. Saturday.
—Photo by Ted Reed

,I3M GROVES displays (ho best way (<> got past the safety man with about 10 yards to go for a touch
down. This was the way the Cards scored their first touchdown (his season against U.C.L.A. Saturday.
—Photo by Ted Reed

,I3M GROVES displays (ho best way (<> got past the safety man with about 10 yards to go for a touch
down. This was the way the Cards scored their first touchdown (his season against U.C.L.A. Saturday.
—Photo by Ted Reed

,I3M GROVES displays (ho best way (<> got past the safety man with about 10 yards to go for a touch
down. This was the way the Cards scored their first touchdown (his season against U.C.L.A. Saturday.
—Photo by Ted Reed

,I3M GROVES displays (ho best way (<> got past the safety man with about 10 yards to go for a touch
down. This was the way the Cards scored their first touchdown (his season against U.C.L.A. Saturday.
—Photo by Ted Reed

,I3M GROVES displays (ho best way (<> got past the safety man with about 10 yards to go for a touch
down. This was the way the Cards scored their first touchdown (his season against U.C.L.A. Saturday.
—Photo by Ted Reed

,I3M GROVES displays (ho best way (<> got past the safety man with about 10 yards to go for a touch
down. This was the way the Cards scored their first touchdown (his season against U.C.L.A. Saturday.
—Photo by Ted Reed

,I3M GROVES displays (ho best way (<> got past the safety man with about 10 yards to go for a touch
down. This was the way the Cards scored their first touchdown (his season against U.C.L.A. Saturday.
—Photo by Ted Reed
