# JOURNALISM BARBECUE
## 
### 
Women of lota Chapter of Theta
Sigma Phi, national honorary fra
ternity for women in journalism,
held a barbecue for the members of
Sigma Delta Chi, national men's hon
orary, and Alpha Delta Sigma, ad
vertising fraternity, last Friday
night. Plans for the year were dis
cussed. '
Women of lota Chapter of Theta
Sigma Phi, national honorary fra
ternity for women in journalism,
held a barbecue for the members of
Sigma Delta Chi, national men's hon
orary, and Alpha Delta Sigma, ad
vertising fraternity, last Friday
night. Plans for the year were dis
cussed. '
Women of lota Chapter of Theta
Sigma Phi, national honorary fra
ternity for women in journalism,
held a barbecue for the members of
Sigma Delta Chi, national men's hon
orary, and Alpha Delta Sigma, ad
vertising fraternity, last Friday
night. Plans for the year were dis
cussed. '
Women of lota Chapter of Theta
Sigma Phi, national honorary fra
ternity for women in journalism,
held a barbecue for the members of
Sigma Delta Chi, national men's hon
orary, and Alpha Delta Sigma, ad
vertising fraternity, last Friday
night. Plans for the year were dis
cussed. '
Women of lota Chapter of Theta
Sigma Phi, national honorary fra
ternity for women in journalism,
held a barbecue for the members of
Sigma Delta Chi, national men's hon
orary, and Alpha Delta Sigma, ad
vertising fraternity, last Friday
night. Plans for the year were dis
cussed. '
Women of lota Chapter of Theta
Sigma Phi, national honorary fra
ternity for women in journalism,
held a barbecue for the members of
Sigma Delta Chi, national men's hon
orary, and Alpha Delta Sigma, ad
vertising fraternity, last Friday
night. Plans for the year were dis
cussed. '
Women of lota Chapter of Theta
Sigma Phi, national honorary fra
ternity for women in journalism,
held a barbecue for the members of
Sigma Delta Chi, national men's hon
orary, and Alpha Delta Sigma, ad
vertising fraternity, last Friday
night. Plans for the year were dis
cussed. '
Women of lota Chapter of Theta
Sigma Phi, national honorary fra
ternity for women in journalism,
held a barbecue for the members of
Sigma Delta Chi, national men's hon
orary, and Alpha Delta Sigma, ad
vertising fraternity, last Friday
night. Plans for the year were dis
cussed. '
Women of lota Chapter of Theta
Sigma Phi, national honorary fra
ternity for women in journalism,
held a barbecue for the members of
Sigma Delta Chi, national men's hon
orary, and Alpha Delta Sigma, ad
vertising fraternity, last Friday
night. Plans for the year were dis
cussed. '
Women of lota Chapter of Theta
Sigma Phi, national honorary fra
ternity for women in journalism,
held a barbecue for the members of
Sigma Delta Chi, national men's hon
orary, and Alpha Delta Sigma, ad
vertising fraternity, last Friday
night. Plans for the year were dis
cussed. '
Women of lota Chapter of Theta
Sigma Phi, national honorary fra
ternity for women in journalism,
held a barbecue for the members of
Sigma Delta Chi, national men's hon
orary, and Alpha Delta Sigma, ad
vertising fraternity, last Friday
night. Plans for the year were dis
cussed. '
Women of lota Chapter of Theta
Sigma Phi, national honorary fra
ternity for women in journalism,
held a barbecue for the members of
Sigma Delta Chi, national men's hon
orary, and Alpha Delta Sigma, ad
vertising fraternity, last Friday
night. Plans for the year were dis
cussed. '
Women of lota Chapter of Theta
Sigma Phi, national honorary fra
ternity for women in journalism,
held a barbecue for the members of
Sigma Delta Chi, national men's hon
orary, and Alpha Delta Sigma, ad
vertising fraternity, last Friday
night. Plans for the year were dis
cussed. '
Women of lota Chapter of Theta
Sigma Phi, national honorary fra
ternity for women in journalism,
held a barbecue for the members of
Sigma Delta Chi, national men's hon
orary, and Alpha Delta Sigma, ad
vertising fraternity, last Friday
night. Plans for the year were dis
cussed. '
Women of lota Chapter of Theta
Sigma Phi, national honorary fra
ternity for women in journalism,
held a barbecue for the members of
Sigma Delta Chi, national men's hon
orary, and Alpha Delta Sigma, ad
vertising fraternity, last Friday
night. Plans for the year were dis
cussed. '
Women of lota Chapter of Theta
Sigma Phi, national honorary fra
ternity for women in journalism,
held a barbecue for the members of
Sigma Delta Chi, national men's hon
orary, and Alpha Delta Sigma, ad
vertising fraternity, last Friday
night. Plans for the year were dis
cussed. '
Women of lota Chapter of Theta
Sigma Phi, national honorary fra
ternity for women in journalism,
held a barbecue for the members of
Sigma Delta Chi, national men's hon
orary, and Alpha Delta Sigma, ad
vertising fraternity, last Friday
night. Plans for the year were dis
cussed. '
Women of lota Chapter of Theta
Sigma Phi, national honorary fra
ternity for women in journalism,
held a barbecue for the members of
Sigma Delta Chi, national men's hon
orary, and Alpha Delta Sigma, ad
vertising fraternity, last Friday
night. Plans for the year were dis
cussed. '
