# EIGHT YARDS BUT NO POINTS
## 
### 

FORREST (4), SANTA CLARA back, pounds out eight yards in the
Broncos' fourth-quarter drive. Santa Clara moved to within one foot
of the Stanford goal line in this quarter hut failed to make the score.

FORREST (4), SANTA CLARA back, pounds out eight yards in the
Broncos' fourth-quarter drive. Santa Clara moved to within one foot
of the Stanford goal line in this quarter hut failed to make the score.

FORREST (4), SANTA CLARA back, pounds out eight yards in the
Broncos' fourth-quarter drive. Santa Clara moved to within one foot
of the Stanford goal line in this quarter hut failed to make the score.

FORREST (4), SANTA CLARA back, pounds out eight yards in the
Broncos' fourth-quarter drive. Santa Clara moved to within one foot
of the Stanford goal line in this quarter hut failed to make the score.

FORREST (4), SANTA CLARA back, pounds out eight yards in the
Broncos' fourth-quarter drive. Santa Clara moved to within one foot
of the Stanford goal line in this quarter hut failed to make the score.

FORREST (4), SANTA CLARA back, pounds out eight yards in the
Broncos' fourth-quarter drive. Santa Clara moved to within one foot
of the Stanford goal line in this quarter hut failed to make the score.

FORREST (4), SANTA CLARA back, pounds out eight yards in the
Broncos' fourth-quarter drive. Santa Clara moved to within one foot
of the Stanford goal line in this quarter hut failed to make the score.

FORREST (4), SANTA CLARA back, pounds out eight yards in the
Broncos' fourth-quarter drive. Santa Clara moved to within one foot
of the Stanford goal line in this quarter hut failed to make the score.

FORREST (4), SANTA CLARA back, pounds out eight yards in the
Broncos' fourth-quarter drive. Santa Clara moved to within one foot
of the Stanford goal line in this quarter hut failed to make the score.

FORREST (4), SANTA CLARA back, pounds out eight yards in the
Broncos' fourth-quarter drive. Santa Clara moved to within one foot
of the Stanford goal line in this quarter hut failed to make the score.

FORREST (4), SANTA CLARA back, pounds out eight yards in the
Broncos' fourth-quarter drive. Santa Clara moved to within one foot
of the Stanford goal line in this quarter hut failed to make the score.

FORREST (4), SANTA CLARA back, pounds out eight yards in the
Broncos' fourth-quarter drive. Santa Clara moved to within one foot
of the Stanford goal line in this quarter hut failed to make the score.

FORREST (4), SANTA CLARA back, pounds out eight yards in the
Broncos' fourth-quarter drive. Santa Clara moved to within one foot
of the Stanford goal line in this quarter hut failed to make the score.

FORREST (4), SANTA CLARA back, pounds out eight yards in the
Broncos' fourth-quarter drive. Santa Clara moved to within one foot
of the Stanford goal line in this quarter hut failed to make the score.

FORREST (4), SANTA CLARA back, pounds out eight yards in the
Broncos' fourth-quarter drive. Santa Clara moved to within one foot
of the Stanford goal line in this quarter hut failed to make the score.

FORREST (4), SANTA CLARA back, pounds out eight yards in the
Broncos' fourth-quarter drive. Santa Clara moved to within one foot
of the Stanford goal line in this quarter hut failed to make the score.

FORREST (4), SANTA CLARA back, pounds out eight yards in the
Broncos' fourth-quarter drive. Santa Clara moved to within one foot
of the Stanford goal line in this quarter hut failed to make the score.

FORREST (4), SANTA CLARA back, pounds out eight yards in the
Broncos' fourth-quarter drive. Santa Clara moved to within one foot
of the Stanford goal line in this quarter hut failed to make the score.
