# RALLY INTERVIEWS
## 
### 
Applicants for Rally Committee
will be interviewed next Monday,
Tuesday, and Wednesday, according
to Chairman Don Dewar. Appoint
ments are to be made at Cardinals'
meeting Wednesday nighty
Applicants for Rally Committee
will be interviewed next Monday,
Tuesday, and Wednesday, according
to Chairman Don Dewar. Appoint
ments are to be made at Cardinals'
meeting Wednesday nighty
Applicants for Rally Committee
will be interviewed next Monday,
Tuesday, and Wednesday, according
to Chairman Don Dewar. Appoint
ments are to be made at Cardinals'
meeting Wednesday nighty
Applicants for Rally Committee
will be interviewed next Monday,
Tuesday, and Wednesday, according
to Chairman Don Dewar. Appoint
ments are to be made at Cardinals'
meeting Wednesday nighty
Applicants for Rally Committee
will be interviewed next Monday,
Tuesday, and Wednesday, according
to Chairman Don Dewar. Appoint
ments are to be made at Cardinals'
meeting Wednesday nighty
Applicants for Rally Committee
will be interviewed next Monday,
Tuesday, and Wednesday, according
to Chairman Don Dewar. Appoint
ments are to be made at Cardinals'
meeting Wednesday nighty
Applicants for Rally Committee
will be interviewed next Monday,
Tuesday, and Wednesday, according
to Chairman Don Dewar. Appoint
ments are to be made at Cardinals'
meeting Wednesday nighty
Applicants for Rally Committee
will be interviewed next Monday,
Tuesday, and Wednesday, according
to Chairman Don Dewar. Appoint
ments are to be made at Cardinals'
meeting Wednesday nighty
Applicants for Rally Committee
will be interviewed next Monday,
Tuesday, and Wednesday, according
to Chairman Don Dewar. Appoint
ments are to be made at Cardinals'
meeting Wednesday nighty
Applicants for Rally Committee
will be interviewed next Monday,
Tuesday, and Wednesday, according
to Chairman Don Dewar. Appoint
ments are to be made at Cardinals'
meeting Wednesday nighty
Applicants for Rally Committee
will be interviewed next Monday,
Tuesday, and Wednesday, according
to Chairman Don Dewar. Appoint
ments are to be made at Cardinals'
meeting Wednesday nighty
Applicants for Rally Committee
will be interviewed next Monday,
Tuesday, and Wednesday, according
to Chairman Don Dewar. Appoint
ments are to be made at Cardinals'
meeting Wednesday nighty
Applicants for Rally Committee
will be interviewed next Monday,
Tuesday, and Wednesday, according
to Chairman Don Dewar. Appoint
ments are to be made at Cardinals'
meeting Wednesday nighty
Applicants for Rally Committee
will be interviewed next Monday,
Tuesday, and Wednesday, according
to Chairman Don Dewar. Appoint
ments are to be made at Cardinals'
meeting Wednesday nighty
Applicants for Rally Committee
will be interviewed next Monday,
Tuesday, and Wednesday, according
to Chairman Don Dewar. Appoint
ments are to be made at Cardinals'
meeting Wednesday nighty
