# Lagunita To Hold May Day Dance
## 
### 
A spotlighted Maypole in the cen- j
ter of the court, pink cotton candy.!
reminiscent of circuses, doled out
from a booth presided over by an
expert from San Francisco, will be
two of the highlights of Lagunitu
Court's spring informal tonight.
Following the "May Frolic"
theme, there will be flowers every
where. The dance will be held in
the main dining room, with holly
hock-covered picket fences block
ing off the alcoves at each end. Fr
nie Hecksher's orchestra will play.
The dance will be from 8:30 t>) 12
o'clock, with supper of ice cream
sandwiches served from 11 to 12
o'clock. The hall will remain open
until 1 o'clock. Mary Sladen is in
charge of the dance committee.
