# KANSAS CITY, Mo., May 12 (UP)
## 
### 
— Lou Ambers, world lightweight
champion, decisioned Jimmy Garri
son of Kansas City last night in a
tame 10-round non-title fight at
Municipal Auditorium. Ambers
weighed 136 and Garrison 136 1-2.
The United Press score sheet gave
Garrison three rounds and Ambers
seven.
— Lou Ambers, world lightweight
champion, decisioned Jimmy Garri
son of Kansas City last night in a
tame 10-round non-title fight at
Municipal Auditorium. Ambers
weighed 136 and Garrison 136 1-2.
The United Press score sheet gave
Garrison three rounds and Ambers
seven.
— Lou Ambers, world lightweight
champion, decisioned Jimmy Garri
son of Kansas City last night in a
tame 10-round non-title fight at
Municipal Auditorium. Ambers
weighed 136 and Garrison 136 1-2.
The United Press score sheet gave
Garrison three rounds and Ambers
seven.
— Lou Ambers, world lightweight
champion, decisioned Jimmy Garri
son of Kansas City last night in a
tame 10-round non-title fight at
Municipal Auditorium. Ambers
weighed 136 and Garrison 136 1-2.
The United Press score sheet gave
Garrison three rounds and Ambers
seven.
— Lou Ambers, world lightweight
champion, decisioned Jimmy Garri
son of Kansas City last night in a
tame 10-round non-title fight at
Municipal Auditorium. Ambers
weighed 136 and Garrison 136 1-2.
The United Press score sheet gave
Garrison three rounds and Ambers
seven.
— Lou Ambers, world lightweight
champion, decisioned Jimmy Garri
son of Kansas City last night in a
tame 10-round non-title fight at
Municipal Auditorium. Ambers
weighed 136 and Garrison 136 1-2.
The United Press score sheet gave
Garrison three rounds and Ambers
seven.
— Lou Ambers, world lightweight
champion, decisioned Jimmy Garri
son of Kansas City last night in a
tame 10-round non-title fight at
Municipal Auditorium. Ambers
weighed 136 and Garrison 136 1-2.
The United Press score sheet gave
Garrison three rounds and Ambers
seven.
— Lou Ambers, world lightweight
champion, decisioned Jimmy Garri
son of Kansas City last night in a
tame 10-round non-title fight at
Municipal Auditorium. Ambers
weighed 136 and Garrison 136 1-2.
The United Press score sheet gave
Garrison three rounds and Ambers
seven.
— Lou Ambers, world lightweight
champion, decisioned Jimmy Garri
son of Kansas City last night in a
tame 10-round non-title fight at
Municipal Auditorium. Ambers
weighed 136 and Garrison 136 1-2.
The United Press score sheet gave
Garrison three rounds and Ambers
seven.
— Lou Ambers, world lightweight
champion, decisioned Jimmy Garri
son of Kansas City last night in a
tame 10-round non-title fight at
Municipal Auditorium. Ambers
weighed 136 and Garrison 136 1-2.
The United Press score sheet gave
Garrison three rounds and Ambers
seven.
— Lou Ambers, world lightweight
champion, decisioned Jimmy Garri
son of Kansas City last night in a
tame 10-round non-title fight at
Municipal Auditorium. Ambers
weighed 136 and Garrison 136 1-2.
The United Press score sheet gave
Garrison three rounds and Ambers
seven.
— Lou Ambers, world lightweight
champion, decisioned Jimmy Garri
son of Kansas City last night in a
tame 10-round non-title fight at
Municipal Auditorium. Ambers
weighed 136 and Garrison 136 1-2.
The United Press score sheet gave
Garrison three rounds and Ambers
seven.
— Lou Ambers, world lightweight
champion, decisioned Jimmy Garri
son of Kansas City last night in a
tame 10-round non-title fight at
Municipal Auditorium. Ambers
weighed 136 and Garrison 136 1-2.
The United Press score sheet gave
Garrison three rounds and Ambers
seven.
— Lou Ambers, world lightweight
champion, decisioned Jimmy Garri
son of Kansas City last night in a
tame 10-round non-title fight at
Municipal Auditorium. Ambers
weighed 136 and Garrison 136 1-2.
The United Press score sheet gave
Garrison three rounds and Ambers
seven.
— Lou Ambers, world lightweight
champion, decisioned Jimmy Garri
son of Kansas City last night in a
tame 10-round non-title fight at
Municipal Auditorium. Ambers
weighed 136 and Garrison 136 1-2.
The United Press score sheet gave
Garrison three rounds and Ambers
seven.
