# KZSU tries to be scary
## 
### Howard Libit Senior staff writer 
The final original episode of
"Mystery Playhouse" will be
broadcast Sunday night at 10
on KZSU.
"Mystery Playhouse" is the
series produced at the KZSU
studios since 1985 that plays
old-time radio classics like
"The Shadow."
Sunday's show will feature
an episode of "The Shadow"
and an original KZSU produc
tion titled "Pleasant Dreams,
Mr. Berkowitz."
The host of each week's
episode is the deep-voiced Dr.
Morgan, who is played by Rick
Kabrich.
Kabrich was recently diag
nosed with liver cancer, and
production of the series has
been halted while he undergoes
chemotherapy treatment at
Stanford Hospital.
"It is a very serious disease,
but Rick is pretty determined

to beat it," said Kurt Kuer
steiner, producer of the show.
"He has got youth on his side,
and he has beaten cancer
before."
"Until he is well, we can't
make new episodes," he added.
Kuersteiner now attends the
Florida State Motion Picture
Conservatory but has contin
ued to produce with the show.
"Mystery Playhouse" is a
nationally-syndicated show
that is distributed to other non
commercial stations nation
wide.
Kuersteiner said KZSU will
begin rerunning some of the
235 already-aired episodes.
"We are big afficianados of
old-time radio, and 90 percent
of what we air are old radio
classics," Kuersteiner said.
"But we replay them in their
original form and do not treat
them like old drama."
Kabrich is "like the crypt
keeper on 'Tales from the
Crypt,' " Kuersteiner said. But
