# Peace League Elects.
## 
### 
Chancellor Jordan was chosen vice
president of the American School
Peace League when that association
held its annual meeting during the
summer. William H. Taft was elected
honorary president at the same time.
Chancellor Jordan was chosen vice
president of the American School
Peace League when that association
held its annual meeting during the
summer. William H. Taft was elected
honorary president at the same time.
Chancellor Jordan was chosen vice
president of the American School
Peace League when that association
held its annual meeting during the
summer. William H. Taft was elected
honorary president at the same time.
Chancellor Jordan was chosen vice
president of the American School
Peace League when that association
held its annual meeting during the
summer. William H. Taft was elected
honorary president at the same time.
Chancellor Jordan was chosen vice
president of the American School
Peace League when that association
held its annual meeting during the
summer. William H. Taft was elected
honorary president at the same time.
Chancellor Jordan was chosen vice
president of the American School
Peace League when that association
held its annual meeting during the
summer. William H. Taft was elected
honorary president at the same time.
Chancellor Jordan was chosen vice
president of the American School
Peace League when that association
held its annual meeting during the
summer. William H. Taft was elected
honorary president at the same time.
Chancellor Jordan was chosen vice
president of the American School
Peace League when that association
held its annual meeting during the
summer. William H. Taft was elected
honorary president at the same time.
Chancellor Jordan was chosen vice
president of the American School
Peace League when that association
held its annual meeting during the
summer. William H. Taft was elected
honorary president at the same time.
Chancellor Jordan was chosen vice
president of the American School
Peace League when that association
held its annual meeting during the
summer. William H. Taft was elected
honorary president at the same time.
Chancellor Jordan was chosen vice
president of the American School
Peace League when that association
held its annual meeting during the
summer. William H. Taft was elected
honorary president at the same time.
Chancellor Jordan was chosen vice
president of the American School
Peace League when that association
held its annual meeting during the
summer. William H. Taft was elected
honorary president at the same time.
Chancellor Jordan was chosen vice
president of the American School
Peace League when that association
held its annual meeting during the
summer. William H. Taft was elected
honorary president at the same time.
