# Author To Discuss Inner Spiritual Search
## 
### 
The search for a meaningful
life-style in a dehumanizing
culture will be the subject of a
discussion sponsored by the
United Campus Christian Ministry
and Memorial Church tonight at 8
p.m. in the small lounge of
Tresidder.
Mr. Walter Starcke, author of
The Ultimate Revolution, will

speak about his belief in the
centrality of an inner spiritual
search. John Shoch, ASSU
senator, will respond from the
standpoint of one committed to a
life-style of social change, and
Mark Edwards will respond from a
historical and theological
perspective. General discussion
will follow.
The search for a meaningful
life-style in a dehumanizing
culture will be the subject of a
discussion sponsored by the
United Campus Christian Ministry
and Memorial Church tonight at 8
p.m. in the small lounge of
Tresidder.
Mr. Walter Starcke, author of
The Ultimate Revolution, will

speak about his belief in the
centrality of an inner spiritual
search. John Shoch, ASSU
senator, will respond from the
standpoint of one committed to a
life-style of social change, and
Mark Edwards will respond from a
historical and theological
perspective. General discussion
will follow.
The search for a meaningful
life-style in a dehumanizing
culture will be the subject of a
discussion sponsored by the
United Campus Christian Ministry
and Memorial Church tonight at 8
p.m. in the small lounge of
Tresidder.
Mr. Walter Starcke, author of
The Ultimate Revolution, will

speak about his belief in the
centrality of an inner spiritual
search. John Shoch, ASSU
senator, will respond from the
standpoint of one committed to a
life-style of social change, and
Mark Edwards will respond from a
historical and theological
perspective. General discussion
will follow.
The search for a meaningful
life-style in a dehumanizing
culture will be the subject of a
discussion sponsored by the
United Campus Christian Ministry
and Memorial Church tonight at 8
p.m. in the small lounge of
Tresidder.
Mr. Walter Starcke, author of
The Ultimate Revolution, will

speak about his belief in the
centrality of an inner spiritual
search. John Shoch, ASSU
senator, will respond from the
standpoint of one committed to a
life-style of social change, and
Mark Edwards will respond from a
historical and theological
perspective. General discussion
will follow.
The search for a meaningful
life-style in a dehumanizing
culture will be the subject of a
discussion sponsored by the
United Campus Christian Ministry
and Memorial Church tonight at 8
p.m. in the small lounge of
Tresidder.
Mr. Walter Starcke, author of
The Ultimate Revolution, will

speak about his belief in the
centrality of an inner spiritual
search. John Shoch, ASSU
senator, will respond from the
standpoint of one committed to a
life-style of social change, and
Mark Edwards will respond from a
historical and theological
perspective. General discussion
will follow.
The search for a meaningful
life-style in a dehumanizing
culture will be the subject of a
discussion sponsored by the
United Campus Christian Ministry
and Memorial Church tonight at 8
p.m. in the small lounge of
Tresidder.
Mr. Walter Starcke, author of
The Ultimate Revolution, will

speak about his belief in the
centrality of an inner spiritual
search. John Shoch, ASSU
senator, will respond from the
standpoint of one committed to a
life-style of social change, and
Mark Edwards will respond from a
historical and theological
perspective. General discussion
will follow.
The search for a meaningful
life-style in a dehumanizing
culture will be the subject of a
discussion sponsored by the
United Campus Christian Ministry
and Memorial Church tonight at 8
p.m. in the small lounge of
Tresidder.
Mr. Walter Starcke, author of
The Ultimate Revolution, will

speak about his belief in the
centrality of an inner spiritual
search. John Shoch, ASSU
senator, will respond from the
standpoint of one committed to a
life-style of social change, and
Mark Edwards will respond from a
historical and theological
perspective. General discussion
will follow.
The search for a meaningful
life-style in a dehumanizing
culture will be the subject of a
discussion sponsored by the
United Campus Christian Ministry
and Memorial Church tonight at 8
p.m. in the small lounge of
Tresidder.
Mr. Walter Starcke, author of
The Ultimate Revolution, will

speak about his belief in the
centrality of an inner spiritual
search. John Shoch, ASSU
senator, will respond from the
standpoint of one committed to a
life-style of social change, and
Mark Edwards will respond from a
historical and theological
perspective. General discussion
will follow.
The search for a meaningful
life-style in a dehumanizing
culture will be the subject of a
discussion sponsored by the
United Campus Christian Ministry
and Memorial Church tonight at 8
p.m. in the small lounge of
Tresidder.
Mr. Walter Starcke, author of
The Ultimate Revolution, will

speak about his belief in the
centrality of an inner spiritual
search. John Shoch, ASSU
senator, will respond from the
standpoint of one committed to a
life-style of social change, and
Mark Edwards will respond from a
historical and theological
perspective. General discussion
will follow.
The search for a meaningful
life-style in a dehumanizing
culture will be the subject of a
discussion sponsored by the
United Campus Christian Ministry
and Memorial Church tonight at 8
p.m. in the small lounge of
Tresidder.
Mr. Walter Starcke, author of
The Ultimate Revolution, will

speak about his belief in the
centrality of an inner spiritual
search. John Shoch, ASSU
senator, will respond from the
standpoint of one committed to a
life-style of social change, and
Mark Edwards will respond from a
historical and theological
perspective. General discussion
will follow.
The search for a meaningful
life-style in a dehumanizing
culture will be the subject of a
discussion sponsored by the
United Campus Christian Ministry
and Memorial Church tonight at 8
p.m. in the small lounge of
Tresidder.
Mr. Walter Starcke, author of
The Ultimate Revolution, will

speak about his belief in the
centrality of an inner spiritual
search. John Shoch, ASSU
senator, will respond from the
standpoint of one committed to a
life-style of social change, and
Mark Edwards will respond from a
historical and theological
perspective. General discussion
will follow.
The search for a meaningful
life-style in a dehumanizing
culture will be the subject of a
discussion sponsored by the
United Campus Christian Ministry
and Memorial Church tonight at 8
p.m. in the small lounge of
Tresidder.
Mr. Walter Starcke, author of
The Ultimate Revolution, will

speak about his belief in the
centrality of an inner spiritual
search. John Shoch, ASSU
senator, will respond from the
standpoint of one committed to a
life-style of social change, and
Mark Edwards will respond from a
historical and theological
perspective. General discussion
will follow.
The search for a meaningful
life-style in a dehumanizing
culture will be the subject of a
discussion sponsored by the
United Campus Christian Ministry
and Memorial Church tonight at 8
p.m. in the small lounge of
Tresidder.
Mr. Walter Starcke, author of
The Ultimate Revolution, will

speak about his belief in the
centrality of an inner spiritual
search. John Shoch, ASSU
senator, will respond from the
standpoint of one committed to a
life-style of social change, and
Mark Edwards will respond from a
historical and theological
perspective. General discussion
will follow.
The search for a meaningful
life-style in a dehumanizing
culture will be the subject of a
discussion sponsored by the
United Campus Christian Ministry
and Memorial Church tonight at 8
p.m. in the small lounge of
Tresidder.
Mr. Walter Starcke, author of
The Ultimate Revolution, will

speak about his belief in the
centrality of an inner spiritual
search. John Shoch, ASSU
senator, will respond from the
standpoint of one committed to a
life-style of social change, and
Mark Edwards will respond from a
historical and theological
perspective. General discussion
will follow.
