# Tribe Loses Five in Holiday Action
## 
### 
Stanford's basketball fortunes
were not overly bright during the
Christmas vacation as the Indians
limped home with only one holi
day victory to their credit. They
lost five.
USF 3 7, Indians 31
USF beat Stanford 37-31 in
overtime on December 17. Both
teams had miserable shooting
nights. USF guard Bob Gaillard
tied up the score at 31 all with
only eight seconds left in regula
tion time and Stanford couldn't
score at all in the overtime period
as the Dons went on to win.
The Indians hit 10 of 53 shots
from the floor and USF hit 10 of
35. In the second half Stanford
scored only 3 of 20 shots. Both
teams had periods of 12 minutes
without scoring a basket. The In
dians led 19-17 at halftime and
Stanford forward John Windsor
led the scoring with 12 points.
SC 54, Stanford 53
After a bad start Santa Clara
came on strong in the second half
to beat Stanford 54-53 Dec. 20.
Stanford took a 36-26 halftime
lead, but Santa Clara fought back
to take the lead with eight min
utes to go in the game. With two
and a half minutes to go the Bron
cos had a 53-47 lead and a late
Tribe rally fell short. Stanford
hit on 40 per cent of its shots
despite falling off to 28 per cent
in the second half. Windsor led
the scoring with 18 and Gene
Shields had 17 for Santa Clara.
WSU 51, Indians 50
Losing their second one-point
game in as many nights the Indi
ans came back from a 12point
deficit to lose by only one point
as Washington State took a 51-50
decision on Dec. 21.
Ahead by one point at halftime

the Cougars look a 12-point lead
in the second half. The Indians
fought back to within four points
and then Fred Pegelow and Phil
Kelly scored to make the score
55-51 with 45 seconds to go.
Stanford got the ball with nine
seconds remaining when Wash
ington State forward Dwight Da
mon missed a free throw. John
Hendry shot a lay-in for the Stan
ford squad as the buzzer sound
ed, but the hall hit the rim and
bounced away. Windsor had IT
for the Tribe and Damon hit for
15 for the Cougars.
Hoosiers 58, SU 50
The Indians threw a scare into
top-ranked Indiana in the opening
game of the Los Angeles Basket
ball tournament Dec. 28, but the
Hoosiers, led by All-American
Walt Bellamy, prevailed by a 08-
50 count. Bellamy and Windsor
both had 20 points to share the
scoring honors.
Indiana grabbed a 27-24 half
time lead. Stanford went ahead
32-31 early in the second half, but
Indiana quickly regained the lead
and was never headed again.
Tribe 81, MSU 80
In a double overtime thriller
Stanford beat Michigan State 81-
80 in a consolation game at the
LA tourney, Dec. 29. Tied 64 each
at the end of regulation play and
74 each at the end of the first
overt i m e period, the score
changed hands 15 times and it
was Hendry's 20-foot jump shot
that finally won it for Stanford.
The Spartans took a six-point
lead in the second overtime but
Don Cle m e t so n hit two free
throws, Hendry scored on a jump
er and with 2:09 left Bub Bowling
made one free throw and missed
the second to make the score 80-
79 for Michigan State. State
missed a try at the basket and
then came Hendry's final shot.
Windsor had 19 for the Tribe
and Art Schwann had 29 for
Michigan State.
Cal 40, Indians 36
In the final game of the tour
nament. Dec. 30, Cal beat Stan
ford 40-36. The In d ians were
ahead by seven points with eight
minutes to go, but Cal came back
and Bill McClintock scored on a
lay-in with less than two minutes
to go to put Cal ahead for good.
Neither team had a good scoring
night and both squads had periods
of six minutes without a basket.
Don Clemetson had 10 for Stan
ford and McClintock had 14 for
Cal.
Stanford's basketball fortunes
were not overly bright during the
Christmas vacation as the Indians
limped home with only one holi
day victory to their credit. They
lost five.
USF 3 7, Indians 31
USF beat Stanford 37-31 in
overtime on December 17. Both
teams had miserable shooting
nights. USF guard Bob Gaillard
tied up the score at 31 all with
only eight seconds left in regula
tion time and Stanford couldn't
score at all in the overtime period
as the Dons went on to win.
The Indians hit 10 of 53 shots
from the floor and USF hit 10 of
35. In the second half Stanford
scored only 3 of 20 shots. Both
teams had periods of 12 minutes
without scoring a basket. The In
dians led 19-17 at halftime and
Stanford forward John Windsor
led the scoring with 12 points.
SC 54, Stanford 53
After a bad start Santa Clara
came on strong in the second half
to beat Stanford 54-53 Dec. 20.
Stanford took a 36-26 halftime
lead, but Santa Clara fought back
to take the lead with eight min
utes to go in the game. With two
and a half minutes to go the Bron
cos had a 53-47 lead and a late
Tribe rally fell short. Stanford
hit on 40 per cent of its shots
despite falling off to 28 per cent
in the second half. Windsor led
the scoring with 18 and Gene
Shields had 17 for Santa Clara.
WSU 51, Indians 50
Losing their second one-point
game in as many nights the Indi
ans came back from a 12point
deficit to lose by only one point
as Washington State took a 51-50
decision on Dec. 21.
Ahead by one point at halftime

the Cougars look a 12-point lead
in the second half. The Indians
fought back to within four points
and then Fred Pegelow and Phil
Kelly scored to make the score
55-51 with 45 seconds to go.
Stanford got the ball with nine
seconds remaining when Wash
ington State forward Dwight Da
mon missed a free throw. John
Hendry shot a lay-in for the Stan
ford squad as the buzzer sound
ed, but the hall hit the rim and
bounced away. Windsor had IT
for the Tribe and Damon hit for
15 for the Cougars.
Hoosiers 58, SU 50
The Indians threw a scare into
top-ranked Indiana in the opening
game of the Los Angeles Basket
ball tournament Dec. 28, but the
Hoosiers, led by All-American
Walt Bellamy, prevailed by a 08-
50 count. Bellamy and Windsor
both had 20 points to share the
scoring honors.
Indiana grabbed a 27-24 half
time lead. Stanford went ahead
32-31 early in the second half, but
Indiana quickly regained the lead
and was never headed again.
Tribe 81, MSU 80
In a double overtime thriller
Stanford beat Michigan State 81-
80 in a consolation game at the
LA tourney, Dec. 29. Tied 64 each
at the end of regulation play and
74 each at the end of the first
overt i m e period, the score
changed hands 15 times and it
was Hendry's 20-foot jump shot
that finally won it for Stanford.
The Spartans took a six-point
lead in the second overtime but
Don Cle m e t so n hit two free
throws, Hendry scored on a jump
er and with 2:09 left Bub Bowling
made one free throw and missed
the second to make the score 80-
79 for Michigan State. State
missed a try at the basket and
then came Hendry's final shot.
Windsor had 19 for the Tribe
and Art Schwann had 29 for
Michigan State.
Cal 40, Indians 36
In the final game of the tour
nament. Dec. 30, Cal beat Stan
ford 40-36. The In d ians were
ahead by seven points with eight
minutes to go, but Cal came back
and Bill McClintock scored on a
lay-in with less than two minutes
to go to put Cal ahead for good.
Neither team had a good scoring
night and both squads had periods
of six minutes without a basket.
Don Clemetson had 10 for Stan
ford and McClintock had 14 for
Cal.
Stanford's basketball fortunes
were not overly bright during the
Christmas vacation as the Indians
limped home with only one holi
day victory to their credit. They
lost five.
USF 3 7, Indians 31
USF beat Stanford 37-31 in
overtime on December 17. Both
teams had miserable shooting
nights. USF guard Bob Gaillard
tied up the score at 31 all with
only eight seconds left in regula
tion time and Stanford couldn't
score at all in the overtime period
as the Dons went on to win.
The Indians hit 10 of 53 shots
from the floor and USF hit 10 of
35. In the second half Stanford
scored only 3 of 20 shots. Both
teams had periods of 12 minutes
without scoring a basket. The In
dians led 19-17 at halftime and
Stanford forward John Windsor
led the scoring with 12 points.
SC 54, Stanford 53
After a bad start Santa Clara
came on strong in the second half
to beat Stanford 54-53 Dec. 20.
Stanford took a 36-26 halftime
lead, but Santa Clara fought back
to take the lead with eight min
utes to go in the game. With two
and a half minutes to go the Bron
cos had a 53-47 lead and a late
Tribe rally fell short. Stanford
hit on 40 per cent of its shots
despite falling off to 28 per cent
in the second half. Windsor led
the scoring with 18 and Gene
Shields had 17 for Santa Clara.
WSU 51, Indians 50
Losing their second one-point
game in as many nights the Indi
ans came back from a 12point
deficit to lose by only one point
as Washington State took a 51-50
decision on Dec. 21.
Ahead by one point at halftime

the Cougars look a 12-point lead
in the second half. The Indians
fought back to within four points
and then Fred Pegelow and Phil
Kelly scored to make the score
55-51 with 45 seconds to go.
Stanford got the ball with nine
seconds remaining when Wash
ington State forward Dwight Da
mon missed a free throw. John
Hendry shot a lay-in for the Stan
ford squad as the buzzer sound
ed, but the hall hit the rim and
bounced away. Windsor had IT
for the Tribe and Damon hit for
15 for the Cougars.
Hoosiers 58, SU 50
The Indians threw a scare into
top-ranked Indiana in the opening
game of the Los Angeles Basket
ball tournament Dec. 28, but the
Hoosiers, led by All-American
Walt Bellamy, prevailed by a 08-
50 count. Bellamy and Windsor
both had 20 points to share the
scoring honors.
Indiana grabbed a 27-24 half
time lead. Stanford went ahead
32-31 early in the second half, but
Indiana quickly regained the lead
and was never headed again.
Tribe 81, MSU 80
In a double overtime thriller
Stanford beat Michigan State 81-
80 in a consolation game at the
LA tourney, Dec. 29. Tied 64 each
at the end of regulation play and
74 each at the end of the first
overt i m e period, the score
changed hands 15 times and it
was Hendry's 20-foot jump shot
that finally won it for Stanford.
The Spartans took a six-point
lead in the second overtime but
Don Cle m e t so n hit two free
throws, Hendry scored on a jump
er and with 2:09 left Bub Bowling
made one free throw and missed
the second to make the score 80-
79 for Michigan State. State
missed a try at the basket and
then came Hendry's final shot.
Windsor had 19 for the Tribe
and Art Schwann had 29 for
Michigan State.
Cal 40, Indians 36
In the final game of the tour
nament. Dec. 30, Cal beat Stan
ford 40-36. The In d ians were
ahead by seven points with eight
minutes to go, but Cal came back
and Bill McClintock scored on a
lay-in with less than two minutes
to go to put Cal ahead for good.
Neither team had a good scoring
night and both squads had periods
of six minutes without a basket.
Don Clemetson had 10 for Stan
ford and McClintock had 14 for
Cal.
Stanford's basketball fortunes
were not overly bright during the
Christmas vacation as the Indians
limped home with only one holi
day victory to their credit. They
lost five.
USF 3 7, Indians 31
USF beat Stanford 37-31 in
overtime on December 17. Both
teams had miserable shooting
nights. USF guard Bob Gaillard
tied up the score at 31 all with
only eight seconds left in regula
tion time and Stanford couldn't
score at all in the overtime period
as the Dons went on to win.
The Indians hit 10 of 53 shots
from the floor and USF hit 10 of
35. In the second half Stanford
scored only 3 of 20 shots. Both
teams had periods of 12 minutes
without scoring a basket. The In
dians led 19-17 at halftime and
Stanford forward John Windsor
led the scoring with 12 points.
SC 54, Stanford 53
After a bad start Santa Clara
came on strong in the second half
to beat Stanford 54-53 Dec. 20.
Stanford took a 36-26 halftime
lead, but Santa Clara fought back
to take the lead with eight min
utes to go in the game. With two
and a half minutes to go the Bron
cos had a 53-47 lead and a late
Tribe rally fell short. Stanford
hit on 40 per cent of its shots
despite falling off to 28 per cent
in the second half. Windsor led
the scoring with 18 and Gene
Shields had 17 for Santa Clara.
WSU 51, Indians 50
Losing their second one-point
game in as many nights the Indi
ans came back from a 12point
deficit to lose by only one point
as Washington State took a 51-50
decision on Dec. 21.
Ahead by one point at halftime

the Cougars look a 12-point lead
in the second half. The Indians
fought back to within four points
and then Fred Pegelow and Phil
Kelly scored to make the score
55-51 with 45 seconds to go.
Stanford got the ball with nine
seconds remaining when Wash
ington State forward Dwight Da
mon missed a free throw. John
Hendry shot a lay-in for the Stan
ford squad as the buzzer sound
ed, but the hall hit the rim and
bounced away. Windsor had IT
for the Tribe and Damon hit for
15 for the Cougars.
Hoosiers 58, SU 50
The Indians threw a scare into
top-ranked Indiana in the opening
game of the Los Angeles Basket
ball tournament Dec. 28, but the
Hoosiers, led by All-American
Walt Bellamy, prevailed by a 08-
50 count. Bellamy and Windsor
both had 20 points to share the
scoring honors.
Indiana grabbed a 27-24 half
time lead. Stanford went ahead
32-31 early in the second half, but
Indiana quickly regained the lead
and was never headed again.
Tribe 81, MSU 80
In a double overtime thriller
Stanford beat Michigan State 81-
80 in a consolation game at the
LA tourney, Dec. 29. Tied 64 each
at the end of regulation play and
74 each at the end of the first
overt i m e period, the score
changed hands 15 times and it
was Hendry's 20-foot jump shot
that finally won it for Stanford.
The Spartans took a six-point
lead in the second overtime but
Don Cle m e t so n hit two free
throws, Hendry scored on a jump
er and with 2:09 left Bub Bowling
made one free throw and missed
the second to make the score 80-
79 for Michigan State. State
missed a try at the basket and
then came Hendry's final shot.
Windsor had 19 for the Tribe
and Art Schwann had 29 for
Michigan State.
Cal 40, Indians 36
In the final game of the tour
nament. Dec. 30, Cal beat Stan
ford 40-36. The In d ians were
ahead by seven points with eight
minutes to go, but Cal came back
and Bill McClintock scored on a
lay-in with less than two minutes
to go to put Cal ahead for good.
Neither team had a good scoring
night and both squads had periods
of six minutes without a basket.
Don Clemetson had 10 for Stan
ford and McClintock had 14 for
Cal.
Stanford's basketball fortunes
were not overly bright during the
Christmas vacation as the Indians
limped home with only one holi
day victory to their credit. They
lost five.
USF 3 7, Indians 31
USF beat Stanford 37-31 in
overtime on December 17. Both
teams had miserable shooting
nights. USF guard Bob Gaillard
tied up the score at 31 all with
only eight seconds left in regula
tion time and Stanford couldn't
score at all in the overtime period
as the Dons went on to win.
The Indians hit 10 of 53 shots
from the floor and USF hit 10 of
35. In the second half Stanford
scored only 3 of 20 shots. Both
teams had periods of 12 minutes
without scoring a basket. The In
dians led 19-17 at halftime and
Stanford forward John Windsor
led the scoring with 12 points.
SC 54, Stanford 53
After a bad start Santa Clara
came on strong in the second half
to beat Stanford 54-53 Dec. 20.
Stanford took a 36-26 halftime
lead, but Santa Clara fought back
to take the lead with eight min
utes to go in the game. With two
and a half minutes to go the Bron
cos had a 53-47 lead and a late
Tribe rally fell short. Stanford
hit on 40 per cent of its shots
despite falling off to 28 per cent
in the second half. Windsor led
the scoring with 18 and Gene
Shields had 17 for Santa Clara.
WSU 51, Indians 50
Losing their second one-point
game in as many nights the Indi
ans came back from a 12point
deficit to lose by only one point
as Washington State took a 51-50
decision on Dec. 21.
Ahead by one point at halftime

the Cougars look a 12-point lead
in the second half. The Indians
fought back to within four points
and then Fred Pegelow and Phil
Kelly scored to make the score
55-51 with 45 seconds to go.
Stanford got the ball with nine
seconds remaining when Wash
ington State forward Dwight Da
mon missed a free throw. John
Hendry shot a lay-in for the Stan
ford squad as the buzzer sound
ed, but the hall hit the rim and
bounced away. Windsor had IT
for the Tribe and Damon hit for
15 for the Cougars.
Hoosiers 58, SU 50
The Indians threw a scare into
top-ranked Indiana in the opening
game of the Los Angeles Basket
ball tournament Dec. 28, but the
Hoosiers, led by All-American
Walt Bellamy, prevailed by a 08-
50 count. Bellamy and Windsor
both had 20 points to share the
scoring honors.
Indiana grabbed a 27-24 half
time lead. Stanford went ahead
32-31 early in the second half, but
Indiana quickly regained the lead
and was never headed again.
Tribe 81, MSU 80
In a double overtime thriller
Stanford beat Michigan State 81-
80 in a consolation game at the
LA tourney, Dec. 29. Tied 64 each
at the end of regulation play and
74 each at the end of the first
overt i m e period, the score
changed hands 15 times and it
was Hendry's 20-foot jump shot
that finally won it for Stanford.
The Spartans took a six-point
lead in the second overtime but
Don Cle m e t so n hit two free
throws, Hendry scored on a jump
er and with 2:09 left Bub Bowling
made one free throw and missed
the second to make the score 80-
79 for Michigan State. State
missed a try at the basket and
then came Hendry's final shot.
Windsor had 19 for the Tribe
and Art Schwann had 29 for
Michigan State.
Cal 40, Indians 36
In the final game of the tour
nament. Dec. 30, Cal beat Stan
ford 40-36. The In d ians were
ahead by seven points with eight
minutes to go, but Cal came back
and Bill McClintock scored on a
lay-in with less than two minutes
to go to put Cal ahead for good.
Neither team had a good scoring
night and both squads had periods
of six minutes without a basket.
Don Clemetson had 10 for Stan
ford and McClintock had 14 for
Cal.
Stanford's basketball fortunes
were not overly bright during the
Christmas vacation as the Indians
limped home with only one holi
day victory to their credit. They
lost five.
USF 3 7, Indians 31
USF beat Stanford 37-31 in
overtime on December 17. Both
teams had miserable shooting
nights. USF guard Bob Gaillard
tied up the score at 31 all with
only eight seconds left in regula
tion time and Stanford couldn't
score at all in the overtime period
as the Dons went on to win.
The Indians hit 10 of 53 shots
from the floor and USF hit 10 of
35. In the second half Stanford
scored only 3 of 20 shots. Both
teams had periods of 12 minutes
without scoring a basket. The In
dians led 19-17 at halftime and
Stanford forward John Windsor
led the scoring with 12 points.
SC 54, Stanford 53
After a bad start Santa Clara
came on strong in the second half
to beat Stanford 54-53 Dec. 20.
Stanford took a 36-26 halftime
lead, but Santa Clara fought back
to take the lead with eight min
utes to go in the game. With two
and a half minutes to go the Bron
cos had a 53-47 lead and a late
Tribe rally fell short. Stanford
hit on 40 per cent of its shots
despite falling off to 28 per cent
in the second half. Windsor led
the scoring with 18 and Gene
Shields had 17 for Santa Clara.
WSU 51, Indians 50
Losing their second one-point
game in as many nights the Indi
ans came back from a 12point
deficit to lose by only one point
as Washington State took a 51-50
decision on Dec. 21.
Ahead by one point at halftime

the Cougars look a 12-point lead
in the second half. The Indians
fought back to within four points
and then Fred Pegelow and Phil
Kelly scored to make the score
55-51 with 45 seconds to go.
Stanford got the ball with nine
seconds remaining when Wash
ington State forward Dwight Da
mon missed a free throw. John
Hendry shot a lay-in for the Stan
ford squad as the buzzer sound
ed, but the hall hit the rim and
bounced away. Windsor had IT
for the Tribe and Damon hit for
15 for the Cougars.
Hoosiers 58, SU 50
The Indians threw a scare into
top-ranked Indiana in the opening
game of the Los Angeles Basket
ball tournament Dec. 28, but the
Hoosiers, led by All-American
Walt Bellamy, prevailed by a 08-
50 count. Bellamy and Windsor
both had 20 points to share the
scoring honors.
Indiana grabbed a 27-24 half
time lead. Stanford went ahead
32-31 early in the second half, but
Indiana quickly regained the lead
and was never headed again.
Tribe 81, MSU 80
In a double overtime thriller
Stanford beat Michigan State 81-
80 in a consolation game at the
LA tourney, Dec. 29. Tied 64 each
at the end of regulation play and
74 each at the end of the first
overt i m e period, the score
changed hands 15 times and it
was Hendry's 20-foot jump shot
that finally won it for Stanford.
The Spartans took a six-point
lead in the second overtime but
Don Cle m e t so n hit two free
throws, Hendry scored on a jump
er and with 2:09 left Bub Bowling
made one free throw and missed
the second to make the score 80-
79 for Michigan State. State
missed a try at the basket and
then came Hendry's final shot.
Windsor had 19 for the Tribe
and Art Schwann had 29 for
Michigan State.
Cal 40, Indians 36
In the final game of the tour
nament. Dec. 30, Cal beat Stan
ford 40-36. The In d ians were
ahead by seven points with eight
minutes to go, but Cal came back
and Bill McClintock scored on a
lay-in with less than two minutes
to go to put Cal ahead for good.
Neither team had a good scoring
night and both squads had periods
of six minutes without a basket.
Don Clemetson had 10 for Stan
ford and McClintock had 14 for
Cal.
Stanford's basketball fortunes
were not overly bright during the
Christmas vacation as the Indians
limped home with only one holi
day victory to their credit. They
lost five.
USF 3 7, Indians 31
USF beat Stanford 37-31 in
overtime on December 17. Both
teams had miserable shooting
nights. USF guard Bob Gaillard
tied up the score at 31 all with
only eight seconds left in regula
tion time and Stanford couldn't
score at all in the overtime period
as the Dons went on to win.
The Indians hit 10 of 53 shots
from the floor and USF hit 10 of
35. In the second half Stanford
scored only 3 of 20 shots. Both
teams had periods of 12 minutes
without scoring a basket. The In
dians led 19-17 at halftime and
Stanford forward John Windsor
led the scoring with 12 points.
SC 54, Stanford 53
After a bad start Santa Clara
came on strong in the second half
to beat Stanford 54-53 Dec. 20.
Stanford took a 36-26 halftime
lead, but Santa Clara fought back
to take the lead with eight min
utes to go in the game. With two
and a half minutes to go the Bron
cos had a 53-47 lead and a late
Tribe rally fell short. Stanford
hit on 40 per cent of its shots
despite falling off to 28 per cent
in the second half. Windsor led
the scoring with 18 and Gene
Shields had 17 for Santa Clara.
WSU 51, Indians 50
Losing their second one-point
game in as many nights the Indi
ans came back from a 12point
deficit to lose by only one point
as Washington State took a 51-50
decision on Dec. 21.
Ahead by one point at halftime

the Cougars look a 12-point lead
in the second half. The Indians
fought back to within four points
and then Fred Pegelow and Phil
Kelly scored to make the score
55-51 with 45 seconds to go.
Stanford got the ball with nine
seconds remaining when Wash
ington State forward Dwight Da
mon missed a free throw. John
Hendry shot a lay-in for the Stan
ford squad as the buzzer sound
ed, but the hall hit the rim and
bounced away. Windsor had IT
for the Tribe and Damon hit for
15 for the Cougars.
Hoosiers 58, SU 50
The Indians threw a scare into
top-ranked Indiana in the opening
game of the Los Angeles Basket
ball tournament Dec. 28, but the
Hoosiers, led by All-American
Walt Bellamy, prevailed by a 08-
50 count. Bellamy and Windsor
both had 20 points to share the
scoring honors.
Indiana grabbed a 27-24 half
time lead. Stanford went ahead
32-31 early in the second half, but
Indiana quickly regained the lead
and was never headed again.
Tribe 81, MSU 80
In a double overtime thriller
Stanford beat Michigan State 81-
80 in a consolation game at the
LA tourney, Dec. 29. Tied 64 each
at the end of regulation play and
74 each at the end of the first
overt i m e period, the score
changed hands 15 times and it
was Hendry's 20-foot jump shot
that finally won it for Stanford.
The Spartans took a six-point
lead in the second overtime but
Don Cle m e t so n hit two free
throws, Hendry scored on a jump
er and with 2:09 left Bub Bowling
made one free throw and missed
the second to make the score 80-
79 for Michigan State. State
missed a try at the basket and
then came Hendry's final shot.
Windsor had 19 for the Tribe
and Art Schwann had 29 for
Michigan State.
Cal 40, Indians 36
In the final game of the tour
nament. Dec. 30, Cal beat Stan
ford 40-36. The In d ians were
ahead by seven points with eight
minutes to go, but Cal came back
and Bill McClintock scored on a
lay-in with less than two minutes
to go to put Cal ahead for good.
Neither team had a good scoring
night and both squads had periods
of six minutes without a basket.
Don Clemetson had 10 for Stan
ford and McClintock had 14 for
Cal.
Stanford's basketball fortunes
were not overly bright during the
Christmas vacation as the Indians
limped home with only one holi
day victory to their credit. They
lost five.
USF 3 7, Indians 31
USF beat Stanford 37-31 in
overtime on December 17. Both
teams had miserable shooting
nights. USF guard Bob Gaillard
tied up the score at 31 all with
only eight seconds left in regula
tion time and Stanford couldn't
score at all in the overtime period
as the Dons went on to win.
The Indians hit 10 of 53 shots
from the floor and USF hit 10 of
35. In the second half Stanford
scored only 3 of 20 shots. Both
teams had periods of 12 minutes
without scoring a basket. The In
dians led 19-17 at halftime and
Stanford forward John Windsor
led the scoring with 12 points.
SC 54, Stanford 53
After a bad start Santa Clara
came on strong in the second half
to beat Stanford 54-53 Dec. 20.
Stanford took a 36-26 halftime
lead, but Santa Clara fought back
to take the lead with eight min
utes to go in the game. With two
and a half minutes to go the Bron
cos had a 53-47 lead and a late
Tribe rally fell short. Stanford
hit on 40 per cent of its shots
despite falling off to 28 per cent
in the second half. Windsor led
the scoring with 18 and Gene
Shields had 17 for Santa Clara.
WSU 51, Indians 50
Losing their second one-point
game in as many nights the Indi
ans came back from a 12point
deficit to lose by only one point
as Washington State took a 51-50
decision on Dec. 21.
Ahead by one point at halftime

the Cougars look a 12-point lead
in the second half. The Indians
fought back to within four points
and then Fred Pegelow and Phil
Kelly scored to make the score
55-51 with 45 seconds to go.
Stanford got the ball with nine
seconds remaining when Wash
ington State forward Dwight Da
mon missed a free throw. John
Hendry shot a lay-in for the Stan
ford squad as the buzzer sound
ed, but the hall hit the rim and
bounced away. Windsor had IT
for the Tribe and Damon hit for
15 for the Cougars.
Hoosiers 58, SU 50
The Indians threw a scare into
top-ranked Indiana in the opening
game of the Los Angeles Basket
ball tournament Dec. 28, but the
Hoosiers, led by All-American
Walt Bellamy, prevailed by a 08-
50 count. Bellamy and Windsor
both had 20 points to share the
scoring honors.
Indiana grabbed a 27-24 half
time lead. Stanford went ahead
32-31 early in the second half, but
Indiana quickly regained the lead
and was never headed again.
Tribe 81, MSU 80
In a double overtime thriller
Stanford beat Michigan State 81-
80 in a consolation game at the
LA tourney, Dec. 29. Tied 64 each
at the end of regulation play and
74 each at the end of the first
overt i m e period, the score
changed hands 15 times and it
was Hendry's 20-foot jump shot
that finally won it for Stanford.
The Spartans took a six-point
lead in the second overtime but
Don Cle m e t so n hit two free
throws, Hendry scored on a jump
er and with 2:09 left Bub Bowling
made one free throw and missed
the second to make the score 80-
79 for Michigan State. State
missed a try at the basket and
then came Hendry's final shot.
Windsor had 19 for the Tribe
and Art Schwann had 29 for
Michigan State.
Cal 40, Indians 36
In the final game of the tour
nament. Dec. 30, Cal beat Stan
ford 40-36. The In d ians were
ahead by seven points with eight
minutes to go, but Cal came back
and Bill McClintock scored on a
lay-in with less than two minutes
to go to put Cal ahead for good.
Neither team had a good scoring
night and both squads had periods
of six minutes without a basket.
Don Clemetson had 10 for Stan
ford and McClintock had 14 for
Cal.
Stanford's basketball fortunes
were not overly bright during the
Christmas vacation as the Indians
limped home with only one holi
day victory to their credit. They
lost five.
USF 3 7, Indians 31
USF beat Stanford 37-31 in
overtime on December 17. Both
teams had miserable shooting
nights. USF guard Bob Gaillard
tied up the score at 31 all with
only eight seconds left in regula
tion time and Stanford couldn't
score at all in the overtime period
as the Dons went on to win.
The Indians hit 10 of 53 shots
from the floor and USF hit 10 of
35. In the second half Stanford
scored only 3 of 20 shots. Both
teams had periods of 12 minutes
without scoring a basket. The In
dians led 19-17 at halftime and
Stanford forward John Windsor
led the scoring with 12 points.
SC 54, Stanford 53
After a bad start Santa Clara
came on strong in the second half
to beat Stanford 54-53 Dec. 20.
Stanford took a 36-26 halftime
lead, but Santa Clara fought back
to take the lead with eight min
utes to go in the game. With two
and a half minutes to go the Bron
cos had a 53-47 lead and a late
Tribe rally fell short. Stanford
hit on 40 per cent of its shots
despite falling off to 28 per cent
in the second half. Windsor led
the scoring with 18 and Gene
Shields had 17 for Santa Clara.
WSU 51, Indians 50
Losing their second one-point
game in as many nights the Indi
ans came back from a 12point
deficit to lose by only one point
as Washington State took a 51-50
decision on Dec. 21.
Ahead by one point at halftime

the Cougars look a 12-point lead
in the second half. The Indians
fought back to within four points
and then Fred Pegelow and Phil
Kelly scored to make the score
55-51 with 45 seconds to go.
Stanford got the ball with nine
seconds remaining when Wash
ington State forward Dwight Da
mon missed a free throw. John
Hendry shot a lay-in for the Stan
ford squad as the buzzer sound
ed, but the hall hit the rim and
bounced away. Windsor had IT
for the Tribe and Damon hit for
15 for the Cougars.
Hoosiers 58, SU 50
The Indians threw a scare into
top-ranked Indiana in the opening
game of the Los Angeles Basket
ball tournament Dec. 28, but the
Hoosiers, led by All-American
Walt Bellamy, prevailed by a 08-
50 count. Bellamy and Windsor
both had 20 points to share the
scoring honors.
Indiana grabbed a 27-24 half
time lead. Stanford went ahead
32-31 early in the second half, but
Indiana quickly regained the lead
and was never headed again.
Tribe 81, MSU 80
In a double overtime thriller
Stanford beat Michigan State 81-
80 in a consolation game at the
LA tourney, Dec. 29. Tied 64 each
at the end of regulation play and
74 each at the end of the first
overt i m e period, the score
changed hands 15 times and it
was Hendry's 20-foot jump shot
that finally won it for Stanford.
The Spartans took a six-point
lead in the second overtime but
Don Cle m e t so n hit two free
throws, Hendry scored on a jump
er and with 2:09 left Bub Bowling
made one free throw and missed
the second to make the score 80-
79 for Michigan State. State
missed a try at the basket and
then came Hendry's final shot.
Windsor had 19 for the Tribe
and Art Schwann had 29 for
Michigan State.
Cal 40, Indians 36
In the final game of the tour
nament. Dec. 30, Cal beat Stan
ford 40-36. The In d ians were
ahead by seven points with eight
minutes to go, but Cal came back
and Bill McClintock scored on a
lay-in with less than two minutes
to go to put Cal ahead for good.
Neither team had a good scoring
night and both squads had periods
of six minutes without a basket.
Don Clemetson had 10 for Stan
ford and McClintock had 14 for
Cal.
Stanford's basketball fortunes
were not overly bright during the
Christmas vacation as the Indians
limped home with only one holi
day victory to their credit. They
lost five.
USF 3 7, Indians 31
USF beat Stanford 37-31 in
overtime on December 17. Both
teams had miserable shooting
nights. USF guard Bob Gaillard
tied up the score at 31 all with
only eight seconds left in regula
tion time and Stanford couldn't
score at all in the overtime period
as the Dons went on to win.
The Indians hit 10 of 53 shots
from the floor and USF hit 10 of
35. In the second half Stanford
scored only 3 of 20 shots. Both
teams had periods of 12 minutes
without scoring a basket. The In
dians led 19-17 at halftime and
Stanford forward John Windsor
led the scoring with 12 points.
SC 54, Stanford 53
After a bad start Santa Clara
came on strong in the second half
to beat Stanford 54-53 Dec. 20.
Stanford took a 36-26 halftime
lead, but Santa Clara fought back
to take the lead with eight min
utes to go in the game. With two
and a half minutes to go the Bron
cos had a 53-47 lead and a late
Tribe rally fell short. Stanford
hit on 40 per cent of its shots
despite falling off to 28 per cent
in the second half. Windsor led
the scoring with 18 and Gene
Shields had 17 for Santa Clara.
WSU 51, Indians 50
Losing their second one-point
game in as many nights the Indi
ans came back from a 12point
deficit to lose by only one point
as Washington State took a 51-50
decision on Dec. 21.
Ahead by one point at halftime

the Cougars look a 12-point lead
in the second half. The Indians
fought back to within four points
and then Fred Pegelow and Phil
Kelly scored to make the score
55-51 with 45 seconds to go.
Stanford got the ball with nine
seconds remaining when Wash
ington State forward Dwight Da
mon missed a free throw. John
Hendry shot a lay-in for the Stan
ford squad as the buzzer sound
ed, but the hall hit the rim and
bounced away. Windsor had IT
for the Tribe and Damon hit for
15 for the Cougars.
Hoosiers 58, SU 50
The Indians threw a scare into
top-ranked Indiana in the opening
game of the Los Angeles Basket
ball tournament Dec. 28, but the
Hoosiers, led by All-American
Walt Bellamy, prevailed by a 08-
50 count. Bellamy and Windsor
both had 20 points to share the
scoring honors.
Indiana grabbed a 27-24 half
time lead. Stanford went ahead
32-31 early in the second half, but
Indiana quickly regained the lead
and was never headed again.
Tribe 81, MSU 80
In a double overtime thriller
Stanford beat Michigan State 81-
80 in a consolation game at the
LA tourney, Dec. 29. Tied 64 each
at the end of regulation play and
74 each at the end of the first
overt i m e period, the score
changed hands 15 times and it
was Hendry's 20-foot jump shot
that finally won it for Stanford.
The Spartans took a six-point
lead in the second overtime but
Don Cle m e t so n hit two free
throws, Hendry scored on a jump
er and with 2:09 left Bub Bowling
made one free throw and missed
the second to make the score 80-
79 for Michigan State. State
missed a try at the basket and
then came Hendry's final shot.
Windsor had 19 for the Tribe
and Art Schwann had 29 for
Michigan State.
Cal 40, Indians 36
In the final game of the tour
nament. Dec. 30, Cal beat Stan
ford 40-36. The In d ians were
ahead by seven points with eight
minutes to go, but Cal came back
and Bill McClintock scored on a
lay-in with less than two minutes
to go to put Cal ahead for good.
Neither team had a good scoring
night and both squads had periods
of six minutes without a basket.
Don Clemetson had 10 for Stan
ford and McClintock had 14 for
Cal.
Stanford's basketball fortunes
were not overly bright during the
Christmas vacation as the Indians
limped home with only one holi
day victory to their credit. They
lost five.
USF 3 7, Indians 31
USF beat Stanford 37-31 in
overtime on December 17. Both
teams had miserable shooting
nights. USF guard Bob Gaillard
tied up the score at 31 all with
only eight seconds left in regula
tion time and Stanford couldn't
score at all in the overtime period
as the Dons went on to win.
The Indians hit 10 of 53 shots
from the floor and USF hit 10 of
35. In the second half Stanford
scored only 3 of 20 shots. Both
teams had periods of 12 minutes
without scoring a basket. The In
dians led 19-17 at halftime and
Stanford forward John Windsor
led the scoring with 12 points.
SC 54, Stanford 53
After a bad start Santa Clara
came on strong in the second half
to beat Stanford 54-53 Dec. 20.
Stanford took a 36-26 halftime
lead, but Santa Clara fought back
to take the lead with eight min
utes to go in the game. With two
and a half minutes to go the Bron
cos had a 53-47 lead and a late
Tribe rally fell short. Stanford
hit on 40 per cent of its shots
despite falling off to 28 per cent
in the second half. Windsor led
the scoring with 18 and Gene
Shields had 17 for Santa Clara.
WSU 51, Indians 50
Losing their second one-point
game in as many nights the Indi
ans came back from a 12point
deficit to lose by only one point
as Washington State took a 51-50
decision on Dec. 21.
Ahead by one point at halftime

the Cougars look a 12-point lead
in the second half. The Indians
fought back to within four points
and then Fred Pegelow and Phil
Kelly scored to make the score
55-51 with 45 seconds to go.
Stanford got the ball with nine
seconds remaining when Wash
ington State forward Dwight Da
mon missed a free throw. John
Hendry shot a lay-in for the Stan
ford squad as the buzzer sound
ed, but the hall hit the rim and
bounced away. Windsor had IT
for the Tribe and Damon hit for
15 for the Cougars.
Hoosiers 58, SU 50
The Indians threw a scare into
top-ranked Indiana in the opening
game of the Los Angeles Basket
ball tournament Dec. 28, but the
Hoosiers, led by All-American
Walt Bellamy, prevailed by a 08-
50 count. Bellamy and Windsor
both had 20 points to share the
scoring honors.
Indiana grabbed a 27-24 half
time lead. Stanford went ahead
32-31 early in the second half, but
Indiana quickly regained the lead
and was never headed again.
Tribe 81, MSU 80
In a double overtime thriller
Stanford beat Michigan State 81-
80 in a consolation game at the
LA tourney, Dec. 29. Tied 64 each
at the end of regulation play and
74 each at the end of the first
overt i m e period, the score
changed hands 15 times and it
was Hendry's 20-foot jump shot
that finally won it for Stanford.
The Spartans took a six-point
lead in the second overtime but
Don Cle m e t so n hit two free
throws, Hendry scored on a jump
er and with 2:09 left Bub Bowling
made one free throw and missed
the second to make the score 80-
79 for Michigan State. State
missed a try at the basket and
then came Hendry's final shot.
Windsor had 19 for the Tribe
and Art Schwann had 29 for
Michigan State.
Cal 40, Indians 36
In the final game of the tour
nament. Dec. 30, Cal beat Stan
ford 40-36. The In d ians were
ahead by seven points with eight
minutes to go, but Cal came back
and Bill McClintock scored on a
lay-in with less than two minutes
to go to put Cal ahead for good.
Neither team had a good scoring
night and both squads had periods
of six minutes without a basket.
Don Clemetson had 10 for Stan
ford and McClintock had 14 for
Cal.
Stanford's basketball fortunes
were not overly bright during the
Christmas vacation as the Indians
limped home with only one holi
day victory to their credit. They
lost five.
USF 3 7, Indians 31
USF beat Stanford 37-31 in
overtime on December 17. Both
teams had miserable shooting
nights. USF guard Bob Gaillard
tied up the score at 31 all with
only eight seconds left in regula
tion time and Stanford couldn't
score at all in the overtime period
as the Dons went on to win.
The Indians hit 10 of 53 shots
from the floor and USF hit 10 of
35. In the second half Stanford
scored only 3 of 20 shots. Both
teams had periods of 12 minutes
without scoring a basket. The In
dians led 19-17 at halftime and
Stanford forward John Windsor
led the scoring with 12 points.
SC 54, Stanford 53
After a bad start Santa Clara
came on strong in the second half
to beat Stanford 54-53 Dec. 20.
Stanford took a 36-26 halftime
lead, but Santa Clara fought back
to take the lead with eight min
utes to go in the game. With two
and a half minutes to go the Bron
cos had a 53-47 lead and a late
Tribe rally fell short. Stanford
hit on 40 per cent of its shots
despite falling off to 28 per cent
in the second half. Windsor led
the scoring with 18 and Gene
Shields had 17 for Santa Clara.
WSU 51, Indians 50
Losing their second one-point
game in as many nights the Indi
ans came back from a 12point
deficit to lose by only one point
as Washington State took a 51-50
decision on Dec. 21.
Ahead by one point at halftime

the Cougars look a 12-point lead
in the second half. The Indians
fought back to within four points
and then Fred Pegelow and Phil
Kelly scored to make the score
55-51 with 45 seconds to go.
Stanford got the ball with nine
seconds remaining when Wash
ington State forward Dwight Da
mon missed a free throw. John
Hendry shot a lay-in for the Stan
ford squad as the buzzer sound
ed, but the hall hit the rim and
bounced away. Windsor had IT
for the Tribe and Damon hit for
15 for the Cougars.
Hoosiers 58, SU 50
The Indians threw a scare into
top-ranked Indiana in the opening
game of the Los Angeles Basket
ball tournament Dec. 28, but the
Hoosiers, led by All-American
Walt Bellamy, prevailed by a 08-
50 count. Bellamy and Windsor
both had 20 points to share the
scoring honors.
Indiana grabbed a 27-24 half
time lead. Stanford went ahead
32-31 early in the second half, but
Indiana quickly regained the lead
and was never headed again.
Tribe 81, MSU 80
In a double overtime thriller
Stanford beat Michigan State 81-
80 in a consolation game at the
LA tourney, Dec. 29. Tied 64 each
at the end of regulation play and
74 each at the end of the first
overt i m e period, the score
changed hands 15 times and it
was Hendry's 20-foot jump shot
that finally won it for Stanford.
The Spartans took a six-point
lead in the second overtime but
Don Cle m e t so n hit two free
throws, Hendry scored on a jump
er and with 2:09 left Bub Bowling
made one free throw and missed
the second to make the score 80-
79 for Michigan State. State
missed a try at the basket and
then came Hendry's final shot.
Windsor had 19 for the Tribe
and Art Schwann had 29 for
Michigan State.
Cal 40, Indians 36
In the final game of the tour
nament. Dec. 30, Cal beat Stan
ford 40-36. The In d ians were
ahead by seven points with eight
minutes to go, but Cal came back
and Bill McClintock scored on a
lay-in with less than two minutes
to go to put Cal ahead for good.
Neither team had a good scoring
night and both squads had periods
of six minutes without a basket.
Don Clemetson had 10 for Stan
ford and McClintock had 14 for
Cal.
Stanford's basketball fortunes
were not overly bright during the
Christmas vacation as the Indians
limped home with only one holi
day victory to their credit. They
lost five.
USF 3 7, Indians 31
USF beat Stanford 37-31 in
overtime on December 17. Both
teams had miserable shooting
nights. USF guard Bob Gaillard
tied up the score at 31 all with
only eight seconds left in regula
tion time and Stanford couldn't
score at all in the overtime period
as the Dons went on to win.
The Indians hit 10 of 53 shots
from the floor and USF hit 10 of
35. In the second half Stanford
scored only 3 of 20 shots. Both
teams had periods of 12 minutes
without scoring a basket. The In
dians led 19-17 at halftime and
Stanford forward John Windsor
led the scoring with 12 points.
SC 54, Stanford 53
After a bad start Santa Clara
came on strong in the second half
to beat Stanford 54-53 Dec. 20.
Stanford took a 36-26 halftime
lead, but Santa Clara fought back
to take the lead with eight min
utes to go in the game. With two
and a half minutes to go the Bron
cos had a 53-47 lead and a late
Tribe rally fell short. Stanford
hit on 40 per cent of its shots
despite falling off to 28 per cent
in the second half. Windsor led
the scoring with 18 and Gene
Shields had 17 for Santa Clara.
WSU 51, Indians 50
Losing their second one-point
game in as many nights the Indi
ans came back from a 12point
deficit to lose by only one point
as Washington State took a 51-50
decision on Dec. 21.
Ahead by one point at halftime

the Cougars look a 12-point lead
in the second half. The Indians
fought back to within four points
and then Fred Pegelow and Phil
Kelly scored to make the score
55-51 with 45 seconds to go.
Stanford got the ball with nine
seconds remaining when Wash
ington State forward Dwight Da
mon missed a free throw. John
Hendry shot a lay-in for the Stan
ford squad as the buzzer sound
ed, but the hall hit the rim and
bounced away. Windsor had IT
for the Tribe and Damon hit for
15 for the Cougars.
Hoosiers 58, SU 50
The Indians threw a scare into
top-ranked Indiana in the opening
game of the Los Angeles Basket
ball tournament Dec. 28, but the
Hoosiers, led by All-American
Walt Bellamy, prevailed by a 08-
50 count. Bellamy and Windsor
both had 20 points to share the
scoring honors.
Indiana grabbed a 27-24 half
time lead. Stanford went ahead
32-31 early in the second half, but
Indiana quickly regained the lead
and was never headed again.
Tribe 81, MSU 80
In a double overtime thriller
Stanford beat Michigan State 81-
80 in a consolation game at the
LA tourney, Dec. 29. Tied 64 each
at the end of regulation play and
74 each at the end of the first
overt i m e period, the score
changed hands 15 times and it
was Hendry's 20-foot jump shot
that finally won it for Stanford.
The Spartans took a six-point
lead in the second overtime but
Don Cle m e t so n hit two free
throws, Hendry scored on a jump
er and with 2:09 left Bub Bowling
made one free throw and missed
the second to make the score 80-
79 for Michigan State. State
missed a try at the basket and
then came Hendry's final shot.
Windsor had 19 for the Tribe
and Art Schwann had 29 for
Michigan State.
Cal 40, Indians 36
In the final game of the tour
nament. Dec. 30, Cal beat Stan
ford 40-36. The In d ians were
ahead by seven points with eight
minutes to go, but Cal came back
and Bill McClintock scored on a
lay-in with less than two minutes
to go to put Cal ahead for good.
Neither team had a good scoring
night and both squads had periods
of six minutes without a basket.
Don Clemetson had 10 for Stan
ford and McClintock had 14 for
Cal.
Stanford's basketball fortunes
were not overly bright during the
Christmas vacation as the Indians
limped home with only one holi
day victory to their credit. They
lost five.
USF 3 7, Indians 31
USF beat Stanford 37-31 in
overtime on December 17. Both
teams had miserable shooting
nights. USF guard Bob Gaillard
tied up the score at 31 all with
only eight seconds left in regula
tion time and Stanford couldn't
score at all in the overtime period
as the Dons went on to win.
The Indians hit 10 of 53 shots
from the floor and USF hit 10 of
35. In the second half Stanford
scored only 3 of 20 shots. Both
teams had periods of 12 minutes
without scoring a basket. The In
dians led 19-17 at halftime and
Stanford forward John Windsor
led the scoring with 12 points.
SC 54, Stanford 53
After a bad start Santa Clara
came on strong in the second half
to beat Stanford 54-53 Dec. 20.
Stanford took a 36-26 halftime
lead, but Santa Clara fought back
to take the lead with eight min
utes to go in the game. With two
and a half minutes to go the Bron
cos had a 53-47 lead and a late
Tribe rally fell short. Stanford
hit on 40 per cent of its shots
despite falling off to 28 per cent
in the second half. Windsor led
the scoring with 18 and Gene
Shields had 17 for Santa Clara.
WSU 51, Indians 50
Losing their second one-point
game in as many nights the Indi
ans came back from a 12point
deficit to lose by only one point
as Washington State took a 51-50
decision on Dec. 21.
Ahead by one point at halftime

the Cougars look a 12-point lead
in the second half. The Indians
fought back to within four points
and then Fred Pegelow and Phil
Kelly scored to make the score
55-51 with 45 seconds to go.
Stanford got the ball with nine
seconds remaining when Wash
ington State forward Dwight Da
mon missed a free throw. John
Hendry shot a lay-in for the Stan
ford squad as the buzzer sound
ed, but the hall hit the rim and
bounced away. Windsor had IT
for the Tribe and Damon hit for
15 for the Cougars.
Hoosiers 58, SU 50
The Indians threw a scare into
top-ranked Indiana in the opening
game of the Los Angeles Basket
ball tournament Dec. 28, but the
Hoosiers, led by All-American
Walt Bellamy, prevailed by a 08-
50 count. Bellamy and Windsor
both had 20 points to share the
scoring honors.
Indiana grabbed a 27-24 half
time lead. Stanford went ahead
32-31 early in the second half, but
Indiana quickly regained the lead
and was never headed again.
Tribe 81, MSU 80
In a double overtime thriller
Stanford beat Michigan State 81-
80 in a consolation game at the
LA tourney, Dec. 29. Tied 64 each
at the end of regulation play and
74 each at the end of the first
overt i m e period, the score
changed hands 15 times and it
was Hendry's 20-foot jump shot
that finally won it for Stanford.
The Spartans took a six-point
lead in the second overtime but
Don Cle m e t so n hit two free
throws, Hendry scored on a jump
er and with 2:09 left Bub Bowling
made one free throw and missed
the second to make the score 80-
79 for Michigan State. State
missed a try at the basket and
then came Hendry's final shot.
Windsor had 19 for the Tribe
and Art Schwann had 29 for
Michigan State.
Cal 40, Indians 36
In the final game of the tour
nament. Dec. 30, Cal beat Stan
ford 40-36. The In d ians were
ahead by seven points with eight
minutes to go, but Cal came back
and Bill McClintock scored on a
lay-in with less than two minutes
to go to put Cal ahead for good.
Neither team had a good scoring
night and both squads had periods
of six minutes without a basket.
Don Clemetson had 10 for Stan
ford and McClintock had 14 for
Cal.
Stanford's basketball fortunes
were not overly bright during the
Christmas vacation as the Indians
limped home with only one holi
day victory to their credit. They
lost five.
USF 3 7, Indians 31
USF beat Stanford 37-31 in
overtime on December 17. Both
teams had miserable shooting
nights. USF guard Bob Gaillard
tied up the score at 31 all with
only eight seconds left in regula
tion time and Stanford couldn't
score at all in the overtime period
as the Dons went on to win.
The Indians hit 10 of 53 shots
from the floor and USF hit 10 of
35. In the second half Stanford
scored only 3 of 20 shots. Both
teams had periods of 12 minutes
without scoring a basket. The In
dians led 19-17 at halftime and
Stanford forward John Windsor
led the scoring with 12 points.
SC 54, Stanford 53
After a bad start Santa Clara
came on strong in the second half
to beat Stanford 54-53 Dec. 20.
Stanford took a 36-26 halftime
lead, but Santa Clara fought back
to take the lead with eight min
utes to go in the game. With two
and a half minutes to go the Bron
cos had a 53-47 lead and a late
Tribe rally fell short. Stanford
hit on 40 per cent of its shots
despite falling off to 28 per cent
in the second half. Windsor led
the scoring with 18 and Gene
Shields had 17 for Santa Clara.
WSU 51, Indians 50
Losing their second one-point
game in as many nights the Indi
ans came back from a 12point
deficit to lose by only one point
as Washington State took a 51-50
decision on Dec. 21.
Ahead by one point at halftime

the Cougars look a 12-point lead
in the second half. The Indians
fought back to within four points
and then Fred Pegelow and Phil
Kelly scored to make the score
55-51 with 45 seconds to go.
Stanford got the ball with nine
seconds remaining when Wash
ington State forward Dwight Da
mon missed a free throw. John
Hendry shot a lay-in for the Stan
ford squad as the buzzer sound
ed, but the hall hit the rim and
bounced away. Windsor had IT
for the Tribe and Damon hit for
15 for the Cougars.
Hoosiers 58, SU 50
The Indians threw a scare into
top-ranked Indiana in the opening
game of the Los Angeles Basket
ball tournament Dec. 28, but the
Hoosiers, led by All-American
Walt Bellamy, prevailed by a 08-
50 count. Bellamy and Windsor
both had 20 points to share the
scoring honors.
Indiana grabbed a 27-24 half
time lead. Stanford went ahead
32-31 early in the second half, but
Indiana quickly regained the lead
and was never headed again.
Tribe 81, MSU 80
In a double overtime thriller
Stanford beat Michigan State 81-
80 in a consolation game at the
LA tourney, Dec. 29. Tied 64 each
at the end of regulation play and
74 each at the end of the first
overt i m e period, the score
changed hands 15 times and it
was Hendry's 20-foot jump shot
that finally won it for Stanford.
The Spartans took a six-point
lead in the second overtime but
Don Cle m e t so n hit two free
throws, Hendry scored on a jump
er and with 2:09 left Bub Bowling
made one free throw and missed
the second to make the score 80-
79 for Michigan State. State
missed a try at the basket and
then came Hendry's final shot.
Windsor had 19 for the Tribe
and Art Schwann had 29 for
Michigan State.
Cal 40, Indians 36
In the final game of the tour
nament. Dec. 30, Cal beat Stan
ford 40-36. The In d ians were
ahead by seven points with eight
minutes to go, but Cal came back
and Bill McClintock scored on a
lay-in with less than two minutes
to go to put Cal ahead for good.
Neither team had a good scoring
night and both squads had periods
of six minutes without a basket.
Don Clemetson had 10 for Stan
ford and McClintock had 14 for
Cal.
Stanford's basketball fortunes
were not overly bright during the
Christmas vacation as the Indians
limped home with only one holi
day victory to their credit. They
lost five.
USF 3 7, Indians 31
USF beat Stanford 37-31 in
overtime on December 17. Both
teams had miserable shooting
nights. USF guard Bob Gaillard
tied up the score at 31 all with
only eight seconds left in regula
tion time and Stanford couldn't
score at all in the overtime period
as the Dons went on to win.
The Indians hit 10 of 53 shots
from the floor and USF hit 10 of
35. In the second half Stanford
scored only 3 of 20 shots. Both
teams had periods of 12 minutes
without scoring a basket. The In
dians led 19-17 at halftime and
Stanford forward John Windsor
led the scoring with 12 points.
SC 54, Stanford 53
After a bad start Santa Clara
came on strong in the second half
to beat Stanford 54-53 Dec. 20.
Stanford took a 36-26 halftime
lead, but Santa Clara fought back
to take the lead with eight min
utes to go in the game. With two
and a half minutes to go the Bron
cos had a 53-47 lead and a late
Tribe rally fell short. Stanford
hit on 40 per cent of its shots
despite falling off to 28 per cent
in the second half. Windsor led
the scoring with 18 and Gene
Shields had 17 for Santa Clara.
WSU 51, Indians 50
Losing their second one-point
game in as many nights the Indi
ans came back from a 12point
deficit to lose by only one point
as Washington State took a 51-50
decision on Dec. 21.
Ahead by one point at halftime

the Cougars look a 12-point lead
in the second half. The Indians
fought back to within four points
and then Fred Pegelow and Phil
Kelly scored to make the score
55-51 with 45 seconds to go.
Stanford got the ball with nine
seconds remaining when Wash
ington State forward Dwight Da
mon missed a free throw. John
Hendry shot a lay-in for the Stan
ford squad as the buzzer sound
ed, but the hall hit the rim and
bounced away. Windsor had IT
for the Tribe and Damon hit for
15 for the Cougars.
Hoosiers 58, SU 50
The Indians threw a scare into
top-ranked Indiana in the opening
game of the Los Angeles Basket
ball tournament Dec. 28, but the
Hoosiers, led by All-American
Walt Bellamy, prevailed by a 08-
50 count. Bellamy and Windsor
both had 20 points to share the
scoring honors.
Indiana grabbed a 27-24 half
time lead. Stanford went ahead
32-31 early in the second half, but
Indiana quickly regained the lead
and was never headed again.
Tribe 81, MSU 80
In a double overtime thriller
Stanford beat Michigan State 81-
80 in a consolation game at the
LA tourney, Dec. 29. Tied 64 each
at the end of regulation play and
74 each at the end of the first
overt i m e period, the score
changed hands 15 times and it
was Hendry's 20-foot jump shot
that finally won it for Stanford.
The Spartans took a six-point
lead in the second overtime but
Don Cle m e t so n hit two free
throws, Hendry scored on a jump
er and with 2:09 left Bub Bowling
made one free throw and missed
the second to make the score 80-
79 for Michigan State. State
missed a try at the basket and
then came Hendry's final shot.
Windsor had 19 for the Tribe
and Art Schwann had 29 for
Michigan State.
Cal 40, Indians 36
In the final game of the tour
nament. Dec. 30, Cal beat Stan
ford 40-36. The In d ians were
ahead by seven points with eight
minutes to go, but Cal came back
and Bill McClintock scored on a
lay-in with less than two minutes
to go to put Cal ahead for good.
Neither team had a good scoring
night and both squads had periods
of six minutes without a basket.
Don Clemetson had 10 for Stan
ford and McClintock had 14 for
Cal.
