# Farm Men Named Institute Speakers
## 
### 
Theodore Kreps, professor of bus
iness economics in the Graduate
School of Business; Graham Stuart,
chairman of the Political Science
Department; and James W. Mcßain,
professor of chemistry, will speak
on November 20 and 21 at the Palo
Alto teachers' institute program.
Mr. Kreps, who has recently re
turned from four years of govern
ment work in Washington, D.C., will
speak at 9:30 a.m. Mr. Stuart has
also recently returned from a State
Department post in Washington,
D.C., and will speak on "The Mak
ers of Our Foreign Policy." On No
vember 21, Mr. Mcßain will talk on
"My Recent Visit to the U.S.S.R."
The public is invited to attend the
meeting which will take place in the
little theater of the Palo Alto High
School.
