# Geology Majors to Banquet.
## 
### 
Geology and Mining majors will
gather for a supper and smoker on
Thursday night at the Alpha Tail
Omega house. The proceedings are to
start at six. A full representation
from the department is expected, as
these smokers are always particu
larly successful.
The entire faculty of the depart
ment will be present and will aid in
the entertainment.
Geology and Mining majors will
gather for a supper and smoker on
Thursday night at the Alpha Tail
Omega house. The proceedings are to
start at six. A full representation
from the department is expected, as
these smokers are always particu
larly successful.
The entire faculty of the depart
ment will be present and will aid in
the entertainment.
Geology and Mining majors will
gather for a supper and smoker on
Thursday night at the Alpha Tail
Omega house. The proceedings are to
start at six. A full representation
from the department is expected, as
these smokers are always particu
larly successful.
The entire faculty of the depart
ment will be present and will aid in
the entertainment.
Geology and Mining majors will
gather for a supper and smoker on
Thursday night at the Alpha Tail
Omega house. The proceedings are to
start at six. A full representation
from the department is expected, as
these smokers are always particu
larly successful.
The entire faculty of the depart
ment will be present and will aid in
the entertainment.
Geology and Mining majors will
gather for a supper and smoker on
Thursday night at the Alpha Tail
Omega house. The proceedings are to
start at six. A full representation
from the department is expected, as
these smokers are always particu
larly successful.
The entire faculty of the depart
ment will be present and will aid in
the entertainment.
Geology and Mining majors will
gather for a supper and smoker on
Thursday night at the Alpha Tail
Omega house. The proceedings are to
start at six. A full representation
from the department is expected, as
these smokers are always particu
larly successful.
The entire faculty of the depart
ment will be present and will aid in
the entertainment.
Geology and Mining majors will
gather for a supper and smoker on
Thursday night at the Alpha Tail
Omega house. The proceedings are to
start at six. A full representation
from the department is expected, as
these smokers are always particu
larly successful.
The entire faculty of the depart
ment will be present and will aid in
the entertainment.
Geology and Mining majors will
gather for a supper and smoker on
Thursday night at the Alpha Tail
Omega house. The proceedings are to
start at six. A full representation
from the department is expected, as
these smokers are always particu
larly successful.
The entire faculty of the depart
ment will be present and will aid in
the entertainment.
Geology and Mining majors will
gather for a supper and smoker on
Thursday night at the Alpha Tail
Omega house. The proceedings are to
start at six. A full representation
from the department is expected, as
these smokers are always particu
larly successful.
The entire faculty of the depart
ment will be present and will aid in
the entertainment.
Geology and Mining majors will
gather for a supper and smoker on
Thursday night at the Alpha Tail
Omega house. The proceedings are to
start at six. A full representation
from the department is expected, as
these smokers are always particu
larly successful.
The entire faculty of the depart
ment will be present and will aid in
the entertainment.
Geology and Mining majors will
gather for a supper and smoker on
Thursday night at the Alpha Tail
Omega house. The proceedings are to
start at six. A full representation
from the department is expected, as
these smokers are always particu
larly successful.
The entire faculty of the depart
ment will be present and will aid in
the entertainment.
Geology and Mining majors will
gather for a supper and smoker on
Thursday night at the Alpha Tail
Omega house. The proceedings are to
start at six. A full representation
from the department is expected, as
these smokers are always particu
larly successful.
The entire faculty of the depart
ment will be present and will aid in
the entertainment.
Geology and Mining majors will
gather for a supper and smoker on
Thursday night at the Alpha Tail
Omega house. The proceedings are to
start at six. A full representation
from the department is expected, as
these smokers are always particu
larly successful.
The entire faculty of the depart
ment will be present and will aid in
the entertainment.
