# Untitled Article
## 
### 
H.R. MacBride, ex-'98, who played
baseball at Stanford, and went to the
Spanish-American war as a hospital
steward with the Second Oregon in
fantry which saw service in the Philip
pines, is now in the Washington
senate.
H.R. MacBride, ex-'98, who played
baseball at Stanford, and went to the
Spanish-American war as a hospital
steward with the Second Oregon in
fantry which saw service in the Philip
pines, is now in the Washington
senate.
H.R. MacBride, ex-'98, who played
baseball at Stanford, and went to the
Spanish-American war as a hospital
steward with the Second Oregon in
fantry which saw service in the Philip
pines, is now in the Washington
senate.
H.R. MacBride, ex-'98, who played
baseball at Stanford, and went to the
Spanish-American war as a hospital
steward with the Second Oregon in
fantry which saw service in the Philip
pines, is now in the Washington
senate.
H.R. MacBride, ex-'98, who played
baseball at Stanford, and went to the
Spanish-American war as a hospital
steward with the Second Oregon in
fantry which saw service in the Philip
pines, is now in the Washington
senate.
H.R. MacBride, ex-'98, who played
baseball at Stanford, and went to the
Spanish-American war as a hospital
steward with the Second Oregon in
fantry which saw service in the Philip
pines, is now in the Washington
senate.
H.R. MacBride, ex-'98, who played
baseball at Stanford, and went to the
Spanish-American war as a hospital
steward with the Second Oregon in
fantry which saw service in the Philip
pines, is now in the Washington
senate.
H.R. MacBride, ex-'98, who played
baseball at Stanford, and went to the
Spanish-American war as a hospital
steward with the Second Oregon in
fantry which saw service in the Philip
pines, is now in the Washington
senate.
H.R. MacBride, ex-'98, who played
baseball at Stanford, and went to the
Spanish-American war as a hospital
steward with the Second Oregon in
fantry which saw service in the Philip
pines, is now in the Washington
senate.
H.R. MacBride, ex-'98, who played
baseball at Stanford, and went to the
Spanish-American war as a hospital
steward with the Second Oregon in
fantry which saw service in the Philip
pines, is now in the Washington
senate.
H.R. MacBride, ex-'98, who played
baseball at Stanford, and went to the
Spanish-American war as a hospital
steward with the Second Oregon in
fantry which saw service in the Philip
pines, is now in the Washington
senate.
H.R. MacBride, ex-'98, who played
baseball at Stanford, and went to the
Spanish-American war as a hospital
steward with the Second Oregon in
fantry which saw service in the Philip
pines, is now in the Washington
senate.
H.R. MacBride, ex-'98, who played
baseball at Stanford, and went to the
Spanish-American war as a hospital
steward with the Second Oregon in
fantry which saw service in the Philip
pines, is now in the Washington
senate.
