# RENAISSANCE CLUB TO PRESENT MASQUE AT NEXT MEETING
## 
### 
A masque by Ben Jonson, entitled
"News From the Moon," will be pro
duced by the Renaissance Club play
ers, Monday evening, August 22, at 8
o'clock p.m., in the Little Theater.
This masque was first performed be
fore James I, at Whitehall, in 1620.
It is a combination of dialogue, song
and dance. The actors are being coach
ed by Sylvia Wedel while the dancers
are under the direction of Hester
Proctor.
Original music for the incidental
songs has been written by Richard
Malaby and Augusta Corey. These
rongs, with quaint lyrics by Ben Jon
son will be rendered by Winifred Esta
brook, Ida Noles, and Dari Mac Boyle.
The costuming of the production is
under the supervision of Carroll Alex
ander.
As the masque is very brief Richarl
Malaby will offer a piano recital to
constitute the second part of the pro
gram. Following its custom of the
past the Resaissance Club will offer
its program to the public free of
charge.
A masque by Ben Jonson, entitled
"News From the Moon," will be pro
duced by the Renaissance Club play
ers, Monday evening, August 22, at 8
o'clock p.m., in the Little Theater.
This masque was first performed be
fore James I, at Whitehall, in 1620.
It is a combination of dialogue, song
and dance. The actors are being coach
ed by Sylvia Wedel while the dancers
are under the direction of Hester
Proctor.
Original music for the incidental
songs has been written by Richard
Malaby and Augusta Corey. These
rongs, with quaint lyrics by Ben Jon
son will be rendered by Winifred Esta
brook, Ida Noles, and Dari Mac Boyle.
The costuming of the production is
under the supervision of Carroll Alex
ander.
As the masque is very brief Richarl
Malaby will offer a piano recital to
constitute the second part of the pro
gram. Following its custom of the
past the Resaissance Club will offer
its program to the public free of
charge.
A masque by Ben Jonson, entitled
"News From the Moon," will be pro
duced by the Renaissance Club play
ers, Monday evening, August 22, at 8
o'clock p.m., in the Little Theater.
This masque was first performed be
fore James I, at Whitehall, in 1620.
It is a combination of dialogue, song
and dance. The actors are being coach
ed by Sylvia Wedel while the dancers
are under the direction of Hester
Proctor.
Original music for the incidental
songs has been written by Richard
Malaby and Augusta Corey. These
rongs, with quaint lyrics by Ben Jon
son will be rendered by Winifred Esta
brook, Ida Noles, and Dari Mac Boyle.
The costuming of the production is
under the supervision of Carroll Alex
ander.
As the masque is very brief Richarl
Malaby will offer a piano recital to
constitute the second part of the pro
gram. Following its custom of the
past the Resaissance Club will offer
its program to the public free of
charge.
A masque by Ben Jonson, entitled
"News From the Moon," will be pro
duced by the Renaissance Club play
ers, Monday evening, August 22, at 8
o'clock p.m., in the Little Theater.
This masque was first performed be
fore James I, at Whitehall, in 1620.
It is a combination of dialogue, song
and dance. The actors are being coach
ed by Sylvia Wedel while the dancers
are under the direction of Hester
Proctor.
Original music for the incidental
songs has been written by Richard
Malaby and Augusta Corey. These
rongs, with quaint lyrics by Ben Jon
son will be rendered by Winifred Esta
brook, Ida Noles, and Dari Mac Boyle.
The costuming of the production is
under the supervision of Carroll Alex
ander.
As the masque is very brief Richarl
Malaby will offer a piano recital to
constitute the second part of the pro
gram. Following its custom of the
past the Resaissance Club will offer
its program to the public free of
charge.
A masque by Ben Jonson, entitled
"News From the Moon," will be pro
duced by the Renaissance Club play
ers, Monday evening, August 22, at 8
o'clock p.m., in the Little Theater.
This masque was first performed be
fore James I, at Whitehall, in 1620.
It is a combination of dialogue, song
and dance. The actors are being coach
ed by Sylvia Wedel while the dancers
are under the direction of Hester
Proctor.
Original music for the incidental
songs has been written by Richard
Malaby and Augusta Corey. These
rongs, with quaint lyrics by Ben Jon
son will be rendered by Winifred Esta
brook, Ida Noles, and Dari Mac Boyle.
The costuming of the production is
under the supervision of Carroll Alex
ander.
As the masque is very brief Richarl
Malaby will offer a piano recital to
constitute the second part of the pro
gram. Following its custom of the
past the Resaissance Club will offer
its program to the public free of
charge.
A masque by Ben Jonson, entitled
"News From the Moon," will be pro
duced by the Renaissance Club play
ers, Monday evening, August 22, at 8
o'clock p.m., in the Little Theater.
This masque was first performed be
fore James I, at Whitehall, in 1620.
It is a combination of dialogue, song
and dance. The actors are being coach
ed by Sylvia Wedel while the dancers
are under the direction of Hester
Proctor.
Original music for the incidental
songs has been written by Richard
Malaby and Augusta Corey. These
rongs, with quaint lyrics by Ben Jon
son will be rendered by Winifred Esta
brook, Ida Noles, and Dari Mac Boyle.
The costuming of the production is
under the supervision of Carroll Alex
ander.
As the masque is very brief Richarl
Malaby will offer a piano recital to
constitute the second part of the pro
gram. Following its custom of the
past the Resaissance Club will offer
its program to the public free of
charge.
A masque by Ben Jonson, entitled
"News From the Moon," will be pro
duced by the Renaissance Club play
ers, Monday evening, August 22, at 8
o'clock p.m., in the Little Theater.
This masque was first performed be
fore James I, at Whitehall, in 1620.
It is a combination of dialogue, song
and dance. The actors are being coach
ed by Sylvia Wedel while the dancers
are under the direction of Hester
Proctor.
Original music for the incidental
songs has been written by Richard
Malaby and Augusta Corey. These
rongs, with quaint lyrics by Ben Jon
son will be rendered by Winifred Esta
brook, Ida Noles, and Dari Mac Boyle.
The costuming of the production is
under the supervision of Carroll Alex
ander.
As the masque is very brief Richarl
Malaby will offer a piano recital to
constitute the second part of the pro
gram. Following its custom of the
past the Resaissance Club will offer
its program to the public free of
charge.
A masque by Ben Jonson, entitled
"News From the Moon," will be pro
duced by the Renaissance Club play
ers, Monday evening, August 22, at 8
o'clock p.m., in the Little Theater.
This masque was first performed be
fore James I, at Whitehall, in 1620.
It is a combination of dialogue, song
and dance. The actors are being coach
ed by Sylvia Wedel while the dancers
are under the direction of Hester
Proctor.
Original music for the incidental
songs has been written by Richard
Malaby and Augusta Corey. These
rongs, with quaint lyrics by Ben Jon
son will be rendered by Winifred Esta
brook, Ida Noles, and Dari Mac Boyle.
The costuming of the production is
under the supervision of Carroll Alex
ander.
As the masque is very brief Richarl
Malaby will offer a piano recital to
constitute the second part of the pro
gram. Following its custom of the
past the Resaissance Club will offer
its program to the public free of
charge.
A masque by Ben Jonson, entitled
"News From the Moon," will be pro
duced by the Renaissance Club play
ers, Monday evening, August 22, at 8
o'clock p.m., in the Little Theater.
This masque was first performed be
fore James I, at Whitehall, in 1620.
It is a combination of dialogue, song
and dance. The actors are being coach
ed by Sylvia Wedel while the dancers
are under the direction of Hester
Proctor.
Original music for the incidental
songs has been written by Richard
Malaby and Augusta Corey. These
rongs, with quaint lyrics by Ben Jon
son will be rendered by Winifred Esta
brook, Ida Noles, and Dari Mac Boyle.
The costuming of the production is
under the supervision of Carroll Alex
ander.
As the masque is very brief Richarl
Malaby will offer a piano recital to
constitute the second part of the pro
gram. Following its custom of the
past the Resaissance Club will offer
its program to the public free of
charge.
A masque by Ben Jonson, entitled
"News From the Moon," will be pro
duced by the Renaissance Club play
ers, Monday evening, August 22, at 8
o'clock p.m., in the Little Theater.
This masque was first performed be
fore James I, at Whitehall, in 1620.
It is a combination of dialogue, song
and dance. The actors are being coach
ed by Sylvia Wedel while the dancers
are under the direction of Hester
Proctor.
Original music for the incidental
songs has been written by Richard
Malaby and Augusta Corey. These
rongs, with quaint lyrics by Ben Jon
son will be rendered by Winifred Esta
brook, Ida Noles, and Dari Mac Boyle.
The costuming of the production is
under the supervision of Carroll Alex
ander.
As the masque is very brief Richarl
Malaby will offer a piano recital to
constitute the second part of the pro
gram. Following its custom of the
past the Resaissance Club will offer
its program to the public free of
charge.
A masque by Ben Jonson, entitled
"News From the Moon," will be pro
duced by the Renaissance Club play
ers, Monday evening, August 22, at 8
o'clock p.m., in the Little Theater.
This masque was first performed be
fore James I, at Whitehall, in 1620.
It is a combination of dialogue, song
and dance. The actors are being coach
ed by Sylvia Wedel while the dancers
are under the direction of Hester
Proctor.
Original music for the incidental
songs has been written by Richard
Malaby and Augusta Corey. These
rongs, with quaint lyrics by Ben Jon
son will be rendered by Winifred Esta
brook, Ida Noles, and Dari Mac Boyle.
The costuming of the production is
under the supervision of Carroll Alex
ander.
As the masque is very brief Richarl
Malaby will offer a piano recital to
constitute the second part of the pro
gram. Following its custom of the
past the Resaissance Club will offer
its program to the public free of
charge.
A masque by Ben Jonson, entitled
"News From the Moon," will be pro
duced by the Renaissance Club play
ers, Monday evening, August 22, at 8
o'clock p.m., in the Little Theater.
This masque was first performed be
fore James I, at Whitehall, in 1620.
It is a combination of dialogue, song
and dance. The actors are being coach
ed by Sylvia Wedel while the dancers
are under the direction of Hester
Proctor.
Original music for the incidental
songs has been written by Richard
Malaby and Augusta Corey. These
rongs, with quaint lyrics by Ben Jon
son will be rendered by Winifred Esta
brook, Ida Noles, and Dari Mac Boyle.
The costuming of the production is
under the supervision of Carroll Alex
ander.
As the masque is very brief Richarl
Malaby will offer a piano recital to
constitute the second part of the pro
gram. Following its custom of the
past the Resaissance Club will offer
its program to the public free of
charge.
A masque by Ben Jonson, entitled
"News From the Moon," will be pro
duced by the Renaissance Club play
ers, Monday evening, August 22, at 8
o'clock p.m., in the Little Theater.
This masque was first performed be
fore James I, at Whitehall, in 1620.
It is a combination of dialogue, song
and dance. The actors are being coach
ed by Sylvia Wedel while the dancers
are under the direction of Hester
Proctor.
Original music for the incidental
songs has been written by Richard
Malaby and Augusta Corey. These
rongs, with quaint lyrics by Ben Jon
son will be rendered by Winifred Esta
brook, Ida Noles, and Dari Mac Boyle.
The costuming of the production is
under the supervision of Carroll Alex
ander.
As the masque is very brief Richarl
Malaby will offer a piano recital to
constitute the second part of the pro
gram. Following its custom of the
past the Resaissance Club will offer
its program to the public free of
charge.
