# DONALD LOWRIE WILL TALK ON PRISON REFORM.
## Well-known Worker In Sociology Will Tell of Efforts of Present Prison System. 
### 
Donald Lowrie, well known to the
people of (he state for his work In
prison reform, will lecture on "Prison
Conditions in Californa," on Thursday
evening. The speaker is highly quali
fied through his experience to give the
subject a clear and authentic presenta
tion, and for the past year or two has
heen prominently identified with socio
logical work. An account of his per
sonal prison experiences was recently
published in the San Francisco
Bulletin.
The address will he given in the
Chapel, Thursday evening at eight
o'clock, under the auspices of the
Cosmopolitan Club.
Donald Lowrie, well known to the
people of (he state for his work In
prison reform, will lecture on "Prison
Conditions in Californa," on Thursday
evening. The speaker is highly quali
fied through his experience to give the
subject a clear and authentic presenta
tion, and for the past year or two has
heen prominently identified with socio
logical work. An account of his per
sonal prison experiences was recently
published in the San Francisco
Bulletin.
The address will he given in the
Chapel, Thursday evening at eight
o'clock, under the auspices of the
Cosmopolitan Club.
Donald Lowrie, well known to the
people of (he state for his work In
prison reform, will lecture on "Prison
Conditions in Californa," on Thursday
evening. The speaker is highly quali
fied through his experience to give the
subject a clear and authentic presenta
tion, and for the past year or two has
heen prominently identified with socio
logical work. An account of his per
sonal prison experiences was recently
published in the San Francisco
Bulletin.
The address will he given in the
Chapel, Thursday evening at eight
o'clock, under the auspices of the
Cosmopolitan Club.
Donald Lowrie, well known to the
people of (he state for his work In
prison reform, will lecture on "Prison
Conditions in Californa," on Thursday
evening. The speaker is highly quali
fied through his experience to give the
subject a clear and authentic presenta
tion, and for the past year or two has
heen prominently identified with socio
logical work. An account of his per
sonal prison experiences was recently
published in the San Francisco
Bulletin.
The address will he given in the
Chapel, Thursday evening at eight
o'clock, under the auspices of the
Cosmopolitan Club.
Donald Lowrie, well known to the
people of (he state for his work In
prison reform, will lecture on "Prison
Conditions in Californa," on Thursday
evening. The speaker is highly quali
fied through his experience to give the
subject a clear and authentic presenta
tion, and for the past year or two has
heen prominently identified with socio
logical work. An account of his per
sonal prison experiences was recently
published in the San Francisco
Bulletin.
The address will he given in the
Chapel, Thursday evening at eight
o'clock, under the auspices of the
Cosmopolitan Club.
Donald Lowrie, well known to the
people of (he state for his work In
prison reform, will lecture on "Prison
Conditions in Californa," on Thursday
evening. The speaker is highly quali
fied through his experience to give the
subject a clear and authentic presenta
tion, and for the past year or two has
heen prominently identified with socio
logical work. An account of his per
sonal prison experiences was recently
published in the San Francisco
Bulletin.
The address will he given in the
Chapel, Thursday evening at eight
o'clock, under the auspices of the
Cosmopolitan Club.
Donald Lowrie, well known to the
people of (he state for his work In
prison reform, will lecture on "Prison
Conditions in Californa," on Thursday
evening. The speaker is highly quali
fied through his experience to give the
subject a clear and authentic presenta
tion, and for the past year or two has
heen prominently identified with socio
logical work. An account of his per
sonal prison experiences was recently
published in the San Francisco
Bulletin.
The address will he given in the
Chapel, Thursday evening at eight
o'clock, under the auspices of the
Cosmopolitan Club.
Donald Lowrie, well known to the
people of (he state for his work In
prison reform, will lecture on "Prison
Conditions in Californa," on Thursday
evening. The speaker is highly quali
fied through his experience to give the
subject a clear and authentic presenta
tion, and for the past year or two has
heen prominently identified with socio
logical work. An account of his per
sonal prison experiences was recently
published in the San Francisco
Bulletin.
The address will he given in the
Chapel, Thursday evening at eight
o'clock, under the auspices of the
Cosmopolitan Club.
Donald Lowrie, well known to the
people of (he state for his work In
prison reform, will lecture on "Prison
Conditions in Californa," on Thursday
evening. The speaker is highly quali
fied through his experience to give the
subject a clear and authentic presenta
tion, and for the past year or two has
heen prominently identified with socio
logical work. An account of his per
sonal prison experiences was recently
published in the San Francisco
Bulletin.
The address will he given in the
Chapel, Thursday evening at eight
o'clock, under the auspices of the
Cosmopolitan Club.
Donald Lowrie, well known to the
people of (he state for his work In
prison reform, will lecture on "Prison
Conditions in Californa," on Thursday
evening. The speaker is highly quali
fied through his experience to give the
subject a clear and authentic presenta
tion, and for the past year or two has
heen prominently identified with socio
logical work. An account of his per
sonal prison experiences was recently
published in the San Francisco
Bulletin.
The address will he given in the
Chapel, Thursday evening at eight
o'clock, under the auspices of the
Cosmopolitan Club.
Donald Lowrie, well known to the
people of (he state for his work In
prison reform, will lecture on "Prison
Conditions in Californa," on Thursday
evening. The speaker is highly quali
fied through his experience to give the
subject a clear and authentic presenta
tion, and for the past year or two has
heen prominently identified with socio
logical work. An account of his per
sonal prison experiences was recently
published in the San Francisco
Bulletin.
The address will he given in the
Chapel, Thursday evening at eight
o'clock, under the auspices of the
Cosmopolitan Club.
Donald Lowrie, well known to the
people of (he state for his work In
prison reform, will lecture on "Prison
Conditions in Californa," on Thursday
evening. The speaker is highly quali
fied through his experience to give the
subject a clear and authentic presenta
tion, and for the past year or two has
heen prominently identified with socio
logical work. An account of his per
sonal prison experiences was recently
published in the San Francisco
Bulletin.
The address will he given in the
Chapel, Thursday evening at eight
o'clock, under the auspices of the
Cosmopolitan Club.
Donald Lowrie, well known to the
people of (he state for his work In
prison reform, will lecture on "Prison
Conditions in Californa," on Thursday
evening. The speaker is highly quali
fied through his experience to give the
subject a clear and authentic presenta
tion, and for the past year or two has
heen prominently identified with socio
logical work. An account of his per
sonal prison experiences was recently
published in the San Francisco
Bulletin.
The address will he given in the
Chapel, Thursday evening at eight
o'clock, under the auspices of the
Cosmopolitan Club.
