# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
Deadline for "Once Around llie
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of (lie day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around llie
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of (lie day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around llie
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of (lie day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around llie
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of (lie day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around llie
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of (lie day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around llie
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of (lie day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around llie
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of (lie day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around llie
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of (lie day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around llie
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of (lie day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around llie
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of (lie day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around llie
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of (lie day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around llie
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of (lie day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around llie
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of (lie day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around llie
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of (lie day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around llie
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of (lie day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around llie
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of (lie day
before publication.
