# Spring Pre-Reg Begins Monday
## 
### 
Pt? i egi.U ation of upper division
and graduate Undents for spring
quarter will Lc held Monday and
Tuesday.
Women tnay pre-reg for physical
education classes from 9 to 11 and
1 Ii i on Monday and from 9 to 12
ari'l l to '1 Tuesday
Time schedules will definitely be
available in the Registrar's Uflice
Monday.
' Aiwer division students will pre
register on Wednesday, Thursday,
and Friday.
Pt? i egi.U ation of upper division
and graduate Undents for spring
quarter will Lc held Monday and
Tuesday.
Women tnay pre-reg for physical
education classes from 9 to 11 and
1 Ii i on Monday and from 9 to 12
ari'l l to '1 Tuesday
Time schedules will definitely be
available in the Registrar's Uflice
Monday.
' Aiwer division students will pre
register on Wednesday, Thursday,
and Friday.
Pt? i egi.U ation of upper division
and graduate Undents for spring
quarter will Lc held Monday and
Tuesday.
Women tnay pre-reg for physical
education classes from 9 to 11 and
1 Ii i on Monday and from 9 to 12
ari'l l to '1 Tuesday
Time schedules will definitely be
available in the Registrar's Uflice
Monday.
' Aiwer division students will pre
register on Wednesday, Thursday,
and Friday.
Pt? i egi.U ation of upper division
and graduate Undents for spring
quarter will Lc held Monday and
Tuesday.
Women tnay pre-reg for physical
education classes from 9 to 11 and
1 Ii i on Monday and from 9 to 12
ari'l l to '1 Tuesday
Time schedules will definitely be
available in the Registrar's Uflice
Monday.
' Aiwer division students will pre
register on Wednesday, Thursday,
and Friday.
Pt? i egi.U ation of upper division
and graduate Undents for spring
quarter will Lc held Monday and
Tuesday.
Women tnay pre-reg for physical
education classes from 9 to 11 and
1 Ii i on Monday and from 9 to 12
ari'l l to '1 Tuesday
Time schedules will definitely be
available in the Registrar's Uflice
Monday.
' Aiwer division students will pre
register on Wednesday, Thursday,
and Friday.
Pt? i egi.U ation of upper division
and graduate Undents for spring
quarter will Lc held Monday and
Tuesday.
Women tnay pre-reg for physical
education classes from 9 to 11 and
1 Ii i on Monday and from 9 to 12
ari'l l to '1 Tuesday
Time schedules will definitely be
available in the Registrar's Uflice
Monday.
' Aiwer division students will pre
register on Wednesday, Thursday,
and Friday.
Pt? i egi.U ation of upper division
and graduate Undents for spring
quarter will Lc held Monday and
Tuesday.
Women tnay pre-reg for physical
education classes from 9 to 11 and
1 Ii i on Monday and from 9 to 12
ari'l l to '1 Tuesday
Time schedules will definitely be
available in the Registrar's Uflice
Monday.
' Aiwer division students will pre
register on Wednesday, Thursday,
and Friday.
Pt? i egi.U ation of upper division
and graduate Undents for spring
quarter will Lc held Monday and
Tuesday.
Women tnay pre-reg for physical
education classes from 9 to 11 and
1 Ii i on Monday and from 9 to 12
ari'l l to '1 Tuesday
Time schedules will definitely be
available in the Registrar's Uflice
Monday.
' Aiwer division students will pre
register on Wednesday, Thursday,
and Friday.
Pt? i egi.U ation of upper division
and graduate Undents for spring
quarter will Lc held Monday and
Tuesday.
Women tnay pre-reg for physical
education classes from 9 to 11 and
1 Ii i on Monday and from 9 to 12
ari'l l to '1 Tuesday
Time schedules will definitely be
available in the Registrar's Uflice
Monday.
' Aiwer division students will pre
register on Wednesday, Thursday,
and Friday.
Pt? i egi.U ation of upper division
and graduate Undents for spring
quarter will Lc held Monday and
Tuesday.
Women tnay pre-reg for physical
education classes from 9 to 11 and
1 Ii i on Monday and from 9 to 12
ari'l l to '1 Tuesday
Time schedules will definitely be
available in the Registrar's Uflice
Monday.
' Aiwer division students will pre
register on Wednesday, Thursday,
and Friday.
Pt? i egi.U ation of upper division
and graduate Undents for spring
quarter will Lc held Monday and
Tuesday.
Women tnay pre-reg for physical
education classes from 9 to 11 and
1 Ii i on Monday and from 9 to 12
ari'l l to '1 Tuesday
Time schedules will definitely be
available in the Registrar's Uflice
Monday.
' Aiwer division students will pre
register on Wednesday, Thursday,
and Friday.
Pt? i egi.U ation of upper division
and graduate Undents for spring
quarter will Lc held Monday and
Tuesday.
Women tnay pre-reg for physical
education classes from 9 to 11 and
1 Ii i on Monday and from 9 to 12
ari'l l to '1 Tuesday
Time schedules will definitely be
available in the Registrar's Uflice
Monday.
' Aiwer division students will pre
register on Wednesday, Thursday,
and Friday.
Pt? i egi.U ation of upper division
and graduate Undents for spring
quarter will Lc held Monday and
Tuesday.
Women tnay pre-reg for physical
education classes from 9 to 11 and
1 Ii i on Monday and from 9 to 12
ari'l l to '1 Tuesday
Time schedules will definitely be
available in the Registrar's Uflice
Monday.
' Aiwer division students will pre
register on Wednesday, Thursday,
and Friday.
Pt? i egi.U ation of upper division
and graduate Undents for spring
quarter will Lc held Monday and
Tuesday.
Women tnay pre-reg for physical
education classes from 9 to 11 and
1 Ii i on Monday and from 9 to 12
ari'l l to '1 Tuesday
Time schedules will definitely be
available in the Registrar's Uflice
Monday.
' Aiwer division students will pre
register on Wednesday, Thursday,
and Friday.
Pt? i egi.U ation of upper division
and graduate Undents for spring
quarter will Lc held Monday and
Tuesday.
Women tnay pre-reg for physical
education classes from 9 to 11 and
1 Ii i on Monday and from 9 to 12
ari'l l to '1 Tuesday
Time schedules will definitely be
available in the Registrar's Uflice
Monday.
' Aiwer division students will pre
register on Wednesday, Thursday,
and Friday.
Pt? i egi.U ation of upper division
and graduate Undents for spring
quarter will Lc held Monday and
Tuesday.
Women tnay pre-reg for physical
education classes from 9 to 11 and
1 Ii i on Monday and from 9 to 12
ari'l l to '1 Tuesday
Time schedules will definitely be
available in the Registrar's Uflice
Monday.
' Aiwer division students will pre
register on Wednesday, Thursday,
and Friday.
