# Egyptian Movies
## 
### 
Movies oil Egypt will b° offered
twics here tomorrow. The first
showing is set for 4 p.m. at the
Cosmopolitan Club, K22 Cabrillo
Street. The second run-off will be
in the Village Auditorium at 7 p.m.
There will be no admission charge.
Four films are being offered. '1 hey
have English sound tracks and
should last about an hour alto
getriei One film is in coloi
1 iie titles ol the movies are: "An
cient and Modern Egypt," "The
Egyptian Woman," and "Egypt —
Cradle of Religions." The content
of the fourth film is a surprise.
The movies were obtained from
the consulate in San Francisco by
Egyptian Stanford students and are
being shown under the sponsorship
of the IIR.
Movies oil Egypt will b° offered
twics here tomorrow. The first
showing is set for 4 p.m. at the
Cosmopolitan Club, K22 Cabrillo
Street. The second run-off will be
in the Village Auditorium at 7 p.m.
There will be no admission charge.
Four films are being offered. '1 hey
have English sound tracks and
should last about an hour alto
getriei One film is in coloi
1 iie titles ol the movies are: "An
cient and Modern Egypt," "The
Egyptian Woman," and "Egypt —
Cradle of Religions." The content
of the fourth film is a surprise.
The movies were obtained from
the consulate in San Francisco by
Egyptian Stanford students and are
being shown under the sponsorship
of the IIR.
Movies oil Egypt will b° offered
twics here tomorrow. The first
showing is set for 4 p.m. at the
Cosmopolitan Club, K22 Cabrillo
Street. The second run-off will be
in the Village Auditorium at 7 p.m.
There will be no admission charge.
Four films are being offered. '1 hey
have English sound tracks and
should last about an hour alto
getriei One film is in coloi
1 iie titles ol the movies are: "An
cient and Modern Egypt," "The
Egyptian Woman," and "Egypt —
Cradle of Religions." The content
of the fourth film is a surprise.
The movies were obtained from
the consulate in San Francisco by
Egyptian Stanford students and are
being shown under the sponsorship
of the IIR.
Movies oil Egypt will b° offered
twics here tomorrow. The first
showing is set for 4 p.m. at the
Cosmopolitan Club, K22 Cabrillo
Street. The second run-off will be
in the Village Auditorium at 7 p.m.
There will be no admission charge.
Four films are being offered. '1 hey
have English sound tracks and
should last about an hour alto
getriei One film is in coloi
1 iie titles ol the movies are: "An
cient and Modern Egypt," "The
Egyptian Woman," and "Egypt —
Cradle of Religions." The content
of the fourth film is a surprise.
The movies were obtained from
the consulate in San Francisco by
Egyptian Stanford students and are
being shown under the sponsorship
of the IIR.
Movies oil Egypt will b° offered
twics here tomorrow. The first
showing is set for 4 p.m. at the
Cosmopolitan Club, K22 Cabrillo
Street. The second run-off will be
in the Village Auditorium at 7 p.m.
There will be no admission charge.
Four films are being offered. '1 hey
have English sound tracks and
should last about an hour alto
getriei One film is in coloi
1 iie titles ol the movies are: "An
cient and Modern Egypt," "The
Egyptian Woman," and "Egypt —
Cradle of Religions." The content
of the fourth film is a surprise.
The movies were obtained from
the consulate in San Francisco by
Egyptian Stanford students and are
being shown under the sponsorship
of the IIR.
Movies oil Egypt will b° offered
twics here tomorrow. The first
showing is set for 4 p.m. at the
Cosmopolitan Club, K22 Cabrillo
Street. The second run-off will be
in the Village Auditorium at 7 p.m.
There will be no admission charge.
Four films are being offered. '1 hey
have English sound tracks and
should last about an hour alto
getriei One film is in coloi
1 iie titles ol the movies are: "An
cient and Modern Egypt," "The
Egyptian Woman," and "Egypt —
Cradle of Religions." The content
of the fourth film is a surprise.
The movies were obtained from
the consulate in San Francisco by
Egyptian Stanford students and are
being shown under the sponsorship
of the IIR.
Movies oil Egypt will b° offered
twics here tomorrow. The first
showing is set for 4 p.m. at the
Cosmopolitan Club, K22 Cabrillo
Street. The second run-off will be
in the Village Auditorium at 7 p.m.
There will be no admission charge.
Four films are being offered. '1 hey
have English sound tracks and
should last about an hour alto
getriei One film is in coloi
1 iie titles ol the movies are: "An
cient and Modern Egypt," "The
Egyptian Woman," and "Egypt —
Cradle of Religions." The content
of the fourth film is a surprise.
The movies were obtained from
the consulate in San Francisco by
Egyptian Stanford students and are
being shown under the sponsorship
of the IIR.
Movies oil Egypt will b° offered
twics here tomorrow. The first
showing is set for 4 p.m. at the
Cosmopolitan Club, K22 Cabrillo
Street. The second run-off will be
in the Village Auditorium at 7 p.m.
There will be no admission charge.
Four films are being offered. '1 hey
have English sound tracks and
should last about an hour alto
getriei One film is in coloi
1 iie titles ol the movies are: "An
cient and Modern Egypt," "The
Egyptian Woman," and "Egypt —
Cradle of Religions." The content
of the fourth film is a surprise.
The movies were obtained from
the consulate in San Francisco by
Egyptian Stanford students and are
being shown under the sponsorship
of the IIR.
Movies oil Egypt will b° offered
twics here tomorrow. The first
showing is set for 4 p.m. at the
Cosmopolitan Club, K22 Cabrillo
Street. The second run-off will be
in the Village Auditorium at 7 p.m.
There will be no admission charge.
Four films are being offered. '1 hey
have English sound tracks and
should last about an hour alto
getriei One film is in coloi
1 iie titles ol the movies are: "An
cient and Modern Egypt," "The
Egyptian Woman," and "Egypt —
Cradle of Religions." The content
of the fourth film is a surprise.
The movies were obtained from
the consulate in San Francisco by
Egyptian Stanford students and are
being shown under the sponsorship
of the IIR.
Movies oil Egypt will b° offered
twics here tomorrow. The first
showing is set for 4 p.m. at the
Cosmopolitan Club, K22 Cabrillo
Street. The second run-off will be
in the Village Auditorium at 7 p.m.
There will be no admission charge.
Four films are being offered. '1 hey
have English sound tracks and
should last about an hour alto
getriei One film is in coloi
1 iie titles ol the movies are: "An
cient and Modern Egypt," "The
Egyptian Woman," and "Egypt —
Cradle of Religions." The content
of the fourth film is a surprise.
The movies were obtained from
the consulate in San Francisco by
Egyptian Stanford students and are
being shown under the sponsorship
of the IIR.
Movies oil Egypt will b° offered
twics here tomorrow. The first
showing is set for 4 p.m. at the
Cosmopolitan Club, K22 Cabrillo
Street. The second run-off will be
in the Village Auditorium at 7 p.m.
There will be no admission charge.
Four films are being offered. '1 hey
have English sound tracks and
should last about an hour alto
getriei One film is in coloi
1 iie titles ol the movies are: "An
cient and Modern Egypt," "The
Egyptian Woman," and "Egypt —
Cradle of Religions." The content
of the fourth film is a surprise.
The movies were obtained from
the consulate in San Francisco by
Egyptian Stanford students and are
being shown under the sponsorship
of the IIR.
Movies oil Egypt will b° offered
twics here tomorrow. The first
showing is set for 4 p.m. at the
Cosmopolitan Club, K22 Cabrillo
Street. The second run-off will be
in the Village Auditorium at 7 p.m.
There will be no admission charge.
Four films are being offered. '1 hey
have English sound tracks and
should last about an hour alto
getriei One film is in coloi
1 iie titles ol the movies are: "An
cient and Modern Egypt," "The
Egyptian Woman," and "Egypt —
Cradle of Religions." The content
of the fourth film is a surprise.
The movies were obtained from
the consulate in San Francisco by
Egyptian Stanford students and are
being shown under the sponsorship
of the IIR.
Movies oil Egypt will b° offered
twics here tomorrow. The first
showing is set for 4 p.m. at the
Cosmopolitan Club, K22 Cabrillo
Street. The second run-off will be
in the Village Auditorium at 7 p.m.
There will be no admission charge.
Four films are being offered. '1 hey
have English sound tracks and
should last about an hour alto
getriei One film is in coloi
1 iie titles ol the movies are: "An
cient and Modern Egypt," "The
Egyptian Woman," and "Egypt —
Cradle of Religions." The content
of the fourth film is a surprise.
The movies were obtained from
the consulate in San Francisco by
Egyptian Stanford students and are
being shown under the sponsorship
of the IIR.
Movies oil Egypt will b° offered
twics here tomorrow. The first
showing is set for 4 p.m. at the
Cosmopolitan Club, K22 Cabrillo
Street. The second run-off will be
in the Village Auditorium at 7 p.m.
There will be no admission charge.
Four films are being offered. '1 hey
have English sound tracks and
should last about an hour alto
getriei One film is in coloi
1 iie titles ol the movies are: "An
cient and Modern Egypt," "The
Egyptian Woman," and "Egypt —
Cradle of Religions." The content
of the fourth film is a surprise.
The movies were obtained from
the consulate in San Francisco by
Egyptian Stanford students and are
being shown under the sponsorship
of the IIR.
Movies oil Egypt will b° offered
twics here tomorrow. The first
showing is set for 4 p.m. at the
Cosmopolitan Club, K22 Cabrillo
Street. The second run-off will be
in the Village Auditorium at 7 p.m.
There will be no admission charge.
Four films are being offered. '1 hey
have English sound tracks and
should last about an hour alto
getriei One film is in coloi
1 iie titles ol the movies are: "An
cient and Modern Egypt," "The
Egyptian Woman," and "Egypt —
Cradle of Religions." The content
of the fourth film is a surprise.
The movies were obtained from
the consulate in San Francisco by
Egyptian Stanford students and are
being shown under the sponsorship
of the IIR.
Movies oil Egypt will b° offered
twics here tomorrow. The first
showing is set for 4 p.m. at the
Cosmopolitan Club, K22 Cabrillo
Street. The second run-off will be
in the Village Auditorium at 7 p.m.
There will be no admission charge.
Four films are being offered. '1 hey
have English sound tracks and
should last about an hour alto
getriei One film is in coloi
1 iie titles ol the movies are: "An
cient and Modern Egypt," "The
Egyptian Woman," and "Egypt —
Cradle of Religions." The content
of the fourth film is a surprise.
The movies were obtained from
the consulate in San Francisco by
Egyptian Stanford students and are
being shown under the sponsorship
of the IIR.
