# Navy Jobs Are Open to Scientists
## 
### 
Civil Service examiners will be
here today and tomorrow to inter
view scientists and engineers inter
ested in either summer or perma
nent jobs with the Navy Depart
ment A group meeting will be held
today at 3:30 p.m. in Boom 3H4
(Geology Building), and a movie
will be shown.
The representatives will be from
the National Bureau of Standards,
Corona Laboratory, Corona, Cali
fornia, and the U.S. Navy Elec
tronics Laboratory in San Diego.
For summer full-time jobs they are
interested in physicists who are at
least sophomores, and chemistry,
math, physics, electronics, and elec
trical engineering majors.
Permanent jobs are available to
students in engineering, physics,
chemistry, or mathematics.
For more information contact the
Placement Service or the Student
Employment Office.
