# Children of Alumni To Receive Care at Reunion
## 
### 
Children of former Stanford men
and women, who gather on the Stanford
Farm for the annual .spring reunion,
will hereafter be taken care of at the
Palo Alto Community House. Trained
nurses from the nurses' home of the
Stanford Medical School in San Fran
cisco will be in charge— two during the
clay and two in the evening—to give
expert care to the children while their
parents are renewing acquaintances with
college friends. Meals will be prepared
for the youngsters if the parents notify
the director of the house in advance.
Children of former Stanford men
and women, who gather on the Stanford
Farm for the annual .spring reunion,
will hereafter be taken care of at the
Palo Alto Community House. Trained
nurses from the nurses' home of the
Stanford Medical School in San Fran
cisco will be in charge— two during the
clay and two in the evening—to give
expert care to the children while their
parents are renewing acquaintances with
college friends. Meals will be prepared
for the youngsters if the parents notify
the director of the house in advance.
Children of former Stanford men
and women, who gather on the Stanford
Farm for the annual .spring reunion,
will hereafter be taken care of at the
Palo Alto Community House. Trained
nurses from the nurses' home of the
Stanford Medical School in San Fran
cisco will be in charge— two during the
clay and two in the evening—to give
expert care to the children while their
parents are renewing acquaintances with
college friends. Meals will be prepared
for the youngsters if the parents notify
the director of the house in advance.
Children of former Stanford men
and women, who gather on the Stanford
Farm for the annual .spring reunion,
will hereafter be taken care of at the
Palo Alto Community House. Trained
nurses from the nurses' home of the
Stanford Medical School in San Fran
cisco will be in charge— two during the
clay and two in the evening—to give
expert care to the children while their
parents are renewing acquaintances with
college friends. Meals will be prepared
for the youngsters if the parents notify
the director of the house in advance.
Children of former Stanford men
and women, who gather on the Stanford
Farm for the annual .spring reunion,
will hereafter be taken care of at the
Palo Alto Community House. Trained
nurses from the nurses' home of the
Stanford Medical School in San Fran
cisco will be in charge— two during the
clay and two in the evening—to give
expert care to the children while their
parents are renewing acquaintances with
college friends. Meals will be prepared
for the youngsters if the parents notify
the director of the house in advance.
Children of former Stanford men
and women, who gather on the Stanford
Farm for the annual .spring reunion,
will hereafter be taken care of at the
Palo Alto Community House. Trained
nurses from the nurses' home of the
Stanford Medical School in San Fran
cisco will be in charge— two during the
clay and two in the evening—to give
expert care to the children while their
parents are renewing acquaintances with
college friends. Meals will be prepared
for the youngsters if the parents notify
the director of the house in advance.
Children of former Stanford men
and women, who gather on the Stanford
Farm for the annual .spring reunion,
will hereafter be taken care of at the
Palo Alto Community House. Trained
nurses from the nurses' home of the
Stanford Medical School in San Fran
cisco will be in charge— two during the
clay and two in the evening—to give
expert care to the children while their
parents are renewing acquaintances with
college friends. Meals will be prepared
for the youngsters if the parents notify
the director of the house in advance.
Children of former Stanford men
and women, who gather on the Stanford
Farm for the annual .spring reunion,
will hereafter be taken care of at the
Palo Alto Community House. Trained
nurses from the nurses' home of the
Stanford Medical School in San Fran
cisco will be in charge— two during the
clay and two in the evening—to give
expert care to the children while their
parents are renewing acquaintances with
college friends. Meals will be prepared
for the youngsters if the parents notify
the director of the house in advance.
Children of former Stanford men
and women, who gather on the Stanford
Farm for the annual .spring reunion,
will hereafter be taken care of at the
Palo Alto Community House. Trained
nurses from the nurses' home of the
Stanford Medical School in San Fran
cisco will be in charge— two during the
clay and two in the evening—to give
expert care to the children while their
parents are renewing acquaintances with
college friends. Meals will be prepared
for the youngsters if the parents notify
the director of the house in advance.
Children of former Stanford men
and women, who gather on the Stanford
Farm for the annual .spring reunion,
will hereafter be taken care of at the
Palo Alto Community House. Trained
nurses from the nurses' home of the
Stanford Medical School in San Fran
cisco will be in charge— two during the
clay and two in the evening—to give
expert care to the children while their
parents are renewing acquaintances with
college friends. Meals will be prepared
for the youngsters if the parents notify
the director of the house in advance.
Children of former Stanford men
and women, who gather on the Stanford
Farm for the annual .spring reunion,
will hereafter be taken care of at the
Palo Alto Community House. Trained
nurses from the nurses' home of the
Stanford Medical School in San Fran
cisco will be in charge— two during the
clay and two in the evening—to give
expert care to the children while their
parents are renewing acquaintances with
college friends. Meals will be prepared
for the youngsters if the parents notify
the director of the house in advance.
Children of former Stanford men
and women, who gather on the Stanford
Farm for the annual .spring reunion,
will hereafter be taken care of at the
Palo Alto Community House. Trained
nurses from the nurses' home of the
Stanford Medical School in San Fran
cisco will be in charge— two during the
clay and two in the evening—to give
expert care to the children while their
parents are renewing acquaintances with
college friends. Meals will be prepared
for the youngsters if the parents notify
the director of the house in advance.
Children of former Stanford men
and women, who gather on the Stanford
Farm for the annual .spring reunion,
will hereafter be taken care of at the
Palo Alto Community House. Trained
nurses from the nurses' home of the
Stanford Medical School in San Fran
cisco will be in charge— two during the
clay and two in the evening—to give
expert care to the children while their
parents are renewing acquaintances with
college friends. Meals will be prepared
for the youngsters if the parents notify
the director of the house in advance.
Children of former Stanford men
and women, who gather on the Stanford
Farm for the annual .spring reunion,
will hereafter be taken care of at the
Palo Alto Community House. Trained
nurses from the nurses' home of the
Stanford Medical School in San Fran
cisco will be in charge— two during the
clay and two in the evening—to give
expert care to the children while their
parents are renewing acquaintances with
college friends. Meals will be prepared
for the youngsters if the parents notify
the director of the house in advance.
