# New Eating Club, El Tigre, Formed in Eating Commons
## 
### 
El Tigre, a new permanent eating
club has recently been established in
the New Uuiiion. The club occupies
the same room with El Capitan. The
officers of the new organization are
E. K. Baum, president; "Red" Price,
manager; and Louis Reese, secretary
treasurer. There nre now four eating
clubs in the Eating Commons, El Capi
tan, El Quadro, Los Arcos and El
Tigre.
El Tigre, a new permanent eating
club has recently been established in
the New Uuiiion. The club occupies
the same room with El Capitan. The
officers of the new organization are
E. K. Baum, president; "Red" Price,
manager; and Louis Reese, secretary
treasurer. There nre now four eating
clubs in the Eating Commons, El Capi
tan, El Quadro, Los Arcos and El
Tigre.
El Tigre, a new permanent eating
club has recently been established in
the New Uuiiion. The club occupies
the same room with El Capitan. The
officers of the new organization are
E. K. Baum, president; "Red" Price,
manager; and Louis Reese, secretary
treasurer. There nre now four eating
clubs in the Eating Commons, El Capi
tan, El Quadro, Los Arcos and El
Tigre.
El Tigre, a new permanent eating
club has recently been established in
the New Uuiiion. The club occupies
the same room with El Capitan. The
officers of the new organization are
E. K. Baum, president; "Red" Price,
manager; and Louis Reese, secretary
treasurer. There nre now four eating
clubs in the Eating Commons, El Capi
tan, El Quadro, Los Arcos and El
Tigre.
El Tigre, a new permanent eating
club has recently been established in
the New Uuiiion. The club occupies
the same room with El Capitan. The
officers of the new organization are
E. K. Baum, president; "Red" Price,
manager; and Louis Reese, secretary
treasurer. There nre now four eating
clubs in the Eating Commons, El Capi
tan, El Quadro, Los Arcos and El
Tigre.
El Tigre, a new permanent eating
club has recently been established in
the New Uuiiion. The club occupies
the same room with El Capitan. The
officers of the new organization are
E. K. Baum, president; "Red" Price,
manager; and Louis Reese, secretary
treasurer. There nre now four eating
clubs in the Eating Commons, El Capi
tan, El Quadro, Los Arcos and El
Tigre.
El Tigre, a new permanent eating
club has recently been established in
the New Uuiiion. The club occupies
the same room with El Capitan. The
officers of the new organization are
E. K. Baum, president; "Red" Price,
manager; and Louis Reese, secretary
treasurer. There nre now four eating
clubs in the Eating Commons, El Capi
tan, El Quadro, Los Arcos and El
Tigre.
El Tigre, a new permanent eating
club has recently been established in
the New Uuiiion. The club occupies
the same room with El Capitan. The
officers of the new organization are
E. K. Baum, president; "Red" Price,
manager; and Louis Reese, secretary
treasurer. There nre now four eating
clubs in the Eating Commons, El Capi
tan, El Quadro, Los Arcos and El
Tigre.
El Tigre, a new permanent eating
club has recently been established in
the New Uuiiion. The club occupies
the same room with El Capitan. The
officers of the new organization are
E. K. Baum, president; "Red" Price,
manager; and Louis Reese, secretary
treasurer. There nre now four eating
clubs in the Eating Commons, El Capi
tan, El Quadro, Los Arcos and El
Tigre.
El Tigre, a new permanent eating
club has recently been established in
the New Uuiiion. The club occupies
the same room with El Capitan. The
officers of the new organization are
E. K. Baum, president; "Red" Price,
manager; and Louis Reese, secretary
treasurer. There nre now four eating
clubs in the Eating Commons, El Capi
tan, El Quadro, Los Arcos and El
Tigre.
El Tigre, a new permanent eating
club has recently been established in
the New Uuiiion. The club occupies
the same room with El Capitan. The
officers of the new organization are
E. K. Baum, president; "Red" Price,
manager; and Louis Reese, secretary
treasurer. There nre now four eating
clubs in the Eating Commons, El Capi
tan, El Quadro, Los Arcos and El
Tigre.
El Tigre, a new permanent eating
club has recently been established in
the New Uuiiion. The club occupies
the same room with El Capitan. The
officers of the new organization are
E. K. Baum, president; "Red" Price,
manager; and Louis Reese, secretary
treasurer. There nre now four eating
clubs in the Eating Commons, El Capi
tan, El Quadro, Los Arcos and El
Tigre.
El Tigre, a new permanent eating
club has recently been established in
the New Uuiiion. The club occupies
the same room with El Capitan. The
officers of the new organization are
E. K. Baum, president; "Red" Price,
manager; and Louis Reese, secretary
treasurer. There nre now four eating
clubs in the Eating Commons, El Capi
tan, El Quadro, Los Arcos and El
Tigre.
El Tigre, a new permanent eating
club has recently been established in
the New Uuiiion. The club occupies
the same room with El Capitan. The
officers of the new organization are
E. K. Baum, president; "Red" Price,
manager; and Louis Reese, secretary
treasurer. There nre now four eating
clubs in the Eating Commons, El Capi
tan, El Quadro, Los Arcos and El
Tigre.
