# Will Play For Hopkins Cup.
## 
### 
The championship of the post-season
rugby match will be decided tomor
row. In the morning teams 2 and 3
will play and also team 5 and either
7 or 8. The winners of these matches
will meet at 2:30 in the afternoon.
The championship of the post-season
rugby match will be decided tomor
row. In the morning teams 2 and 3
will play and also team 5 and either
7 or 8. The winners of these matches
will meet at 2:30 in the afternoon.
The championship of the post-season
rugby match will be decided tomor
row. In the morning teams 2 and 3
will play and also team 5 and either
7 or 8. The winners of these matches
will meet at 2:30 in the afternoon.
The championship of the post-season
rugby match will be decided tomor
row. In the morning teams 2 and 3
will play and also team 5 and either
7 or 8. The winners of these matches
will meet at 2:30 in the afternoon.
The championship of the post-season
rugby match will be decided tomor
row. In the morning teams 2 and 3
will play and also team 5 and either
7 or 8. The winners of these matches
will meet at 2:30 in the afternoon.
The championship of the post-season
rugby match will be decided tomor
row. In the morning teams 2 and 3
will play and also team 5 and either
7 or 8. The winners of these matches
will meet at 2:30 in the afternoon.
The championship of the post-season
rugby match will be decided tomor
row. In the morning teams 2 and 3
will play and also team 5 and either
7 or 8. The winners of these matches
will meet at 2:30 in the afternoon.
The championship of the post-season
rugby match will be decided tomor
row. In the morning teams 2 and 3
will play and also team 5 and either
7 or 8. The winners of these matches
will meet at 2:30 in the afternoon.
The championship of the post-season
rugby match will be decided tomor
row. In the morning teams 2 and 3
will play and also team 5 and either
7 or 8. The winners of these matches
will meet at 2:30 in the afternoon.
The championship of the post-season
rugby match will be decided tomor
row. In the morning teams 2 and 3
will play and also team 5 and either
7 or 8. The winners of these matches
will meet at 2:30 in the afternoon.
The championship of the post-season
rugby match will be decided tomor
row. In the morning teams 2 and 3
will play and also team 5 and either
7 or 8. The winners of these matches
will meet at 2:30 in the afternoon.
The championship of the post-season
rugby match will be decided tomor
row. In the morning teams 2 and 3
will play and also team 5 and either
7 or 8. The winners of these matches
will meet at 2:30 in the afternoon.
The championship of the post-season
rugby match will be decided tomor
row. In the morning teams 2 and 3
will play and also team 5 and either
7 or 8. The winners of these matches
will meet at 2:30 in the afternoon.
