# Adv. 30 Page 4
## 
### 
DeHlinr for "Oiicp Around fhe
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
DeHlinr for "Oiicp Around fhe
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
DeHlinr for "Oiicp Around fhe
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
DeHlinr for "Oiicp Around fhe
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
DeHlinr for "Oiicp Around fhe
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
DeHlinr for "Oiicp Around fhe
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
DeHlinr for "Oiicp Around fhe
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
DeHlinr for "Oiicp Around fhe
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
DeHlinr for "Oiicp Around fhe
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
DeHlinr for "Oiicp Around fhe
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
DeHlinr for "Oiicp Around fhe
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
DeHlinr for "Oiicp Around fhe
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
DeHlinr for "Oiicp Around fhe
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
DeHlinr for "Oiicp Around fhe
Quad" items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
