# MOTHERS' CLUB
## 
### 
Dr. J. E. Wallace Sterling will be
the guest speaker at the sprinp
meeting of the Stanford Mothers
Club of Southern California in Lo-
Angeles. 4
Dr. J. E. Wallace Sterling will be
the guest speaker at the sprinp
meeting of the Stanford Mothers
Club of Southern California in Lo-
Angeles. 4
Dr. J. E. Wallace Sterling will be
the guest speaker at the sprinp
meeting of the Stanford Mothers
Club of Southern California in Lo-
Angeles. 4
Dr. J. E. Wallace Sterling will be
the guest speaker at the sprinp
meeting of the Stanford Mothers
Club of Southern California in Lo-
Angeles. 4
Dr. J. E. Wallace Sterling will be
the guest speaker at the sprinp
meeting of the Stanford Mothers
Club of Southern California in Lo-
Angeles. 4
Dr. J. E. Wallace Sterling will be
the guest speaker at the sprinp
meeting of the Stanford Mothers
Club of Southern California in Lo-
Angeles. 4
Dr. J. E. Wallace Sterling will be
the guest speaker at the sprinp
meeting of the Stanford Mothers
Club of Southern California in Lo-
Angeles. 4
Dr. J. E. Wallace Sterling will be
the guest speaker at the sprinp
meeting of the Stanford Mothers
Club of Southern California in Lo-
Angeles. 4
Dr. J. E. Wallace Sterling will be
the guest speaker at the sprinp
meeting of the Stanford Mothers
Club of Southern California in Lo-
Angeles. 4
Dr. J. E. Wallace Sterling will be
the guest speaker at the sprinp
meeting of the Stanford Mothers
Club of Southern California in Lo-
Angeles. 4
Dr. J. E. Wallace Sterling will be
the guest speaker at the sprinp
meeting of the Stanford Mothers
Club of Southern California in Lo-
Angeles. 4
Dr. J. E. Wallace Sterling will be
the guest speaker at the sprinp
meeting of the Stanford Mothers
Club of Southern California in Lo-
Angeles. 4
Dr. J. E. Wallace Sterling will be
the guest speaker at the sprinp
meeting of the Stanford Mothers
Club of Southern California in Lo-
Angeles. 4
Dr. J. E. Wallace Sterling will be
the guest speaker at the sprinp
meeting of the Stanford Mothers
Club of Southern California in Lo-
Angeles. 4
