# Six Men Enter Royalty Race
## 
### 
Six men have entered the race for
Con Home King. No cords have
been nominated yet. The six nomi
nees are Ed Schneiders, John Tuck
er, Harvey Laderman, Dick Walker,
Ok Bceman, and Tom Foster.
Nominations will continne all next
week. Students may pick up nomi
nation blanks at. Ihe ASSU office.
Fifteen signatures are needed to
validate a nomination.
Penny-a-vote balloting will begin
Monday.
Six men have entered the race for
Con Home King. No cords have
been nominated yet. The six nomi
nees are Ed Schneiders, John Tuck
er, Harvey Laderman, Dick Walker,
Ok Bceman, and Tom Foster.
Nominations will continne all next
week. Students may pick up nomi
nation blanks at. Ihe ASSU office.
Fifteen signatures are needed to
validate a nomination.
Penny-a-vote balloting will begin
Monday.
Six men have entered the race for
Con Home King. No cords have
been nominated yet. The six nomi
nees are Ed Schneiders, John Tuck
er, Harvey Laderman, Dick Walker,
Ok Bceman, and Tom Foster.
Nominations will continne all next
week. Students may pick up nomi
nation blanks at. Ihe ASSU office.
Fifteen signatures are needed to
validate a nomination.
Penny-a-vote balloting will begin
Monday.
Six men have entered the race for
Con Home King. No cords have
been nominated yet. The six nomi
nees are Ed Schneiders, John Tuck
er, Harvey Laderman, Dick Walker,
Ok Bceman, and Tom Foster.
Nominations will continne all next
week. Students may pick up nomi
nation blanks at. Ihe ASSU office.
Fifteen signatures are needed to
validate a nomination.
Penny-a-vote balloting will begin
Monday.
Six men have entered the race for
Con Home King. No cords have
been nominated yet. The six nomi
nees are Ed Schneiders, John Tuck
er, Harvey Laderman, Dick Walker,
Ok Bceman, and Tom Foster.
Nominations will continne all next
week. Students may pick up nomi
nation blanks at. Ihe ASSU office.
Fifteen signatures are needed to
validate a nomination.
Penny-a-vote balloting will begin
Monday.
Six men have entered the race for
Con Home King. No cords have
been nominated yet. The six nomi
nees are Ed Schneiders, John Tuck
er, Harvey Laderman, Dick Walker,
Ok Bceman, and Tom Foster.
Nominations will continne all next
week. Students may pick up nomi
nation blanks at. Ihe ASSU office.
Fifteen signatures are needed to
validate a nomination.
Penny-a-vote balloting will begin
Monday.
Six men have entered the race for
Con Home King. No cords have
been nominated yet. The six nomi
nees are Ed Schneiders, John Tuck
er, Harvey Laderman, Dick Walker,
Ok Bceman, and Tom Foster.
Nominations will continne all next
week. Students may pick up nomi
nation blanks at. Ihe ASSU office.
Fifteen signatures are needed to
validate a nomination.
Penny-a-vote balloting will begin
Monday.
Six men have entered the race for
Con Home King. No cords have
been nominated yet. The six nomi
nees are Ed Schneiders, John Tuck
er, Harvey Laderman, Dick Walker,
Ok Bceman, and Tom Foster.
Nominations will continne all next
week. Students may pick up nomi
nation blanks at. Ihe ASSU office.
Fifteen signatures are needed to
validate a nomination.
Penny-a-vote balloting will begin
Monday.
Six men have entered the race for
Con Home King. No cords have
been nominated yet. The six nomi
nees are Ed Schneiders, John Tuck
er, Harvey Laderman, Dick Walker,
Ok Bceman, and Tom Foster.
Nominations will continne all next
week. Students may pick up nomi
nation blanks at. Ihe ASSU office.
Fifteen signatures are needed to
validate a nomination.
Penny-a-vote balloting will begin
Monday.
Six men have entered the race for
Con Home King. No cords have
been nominated yet. The six nomi
nees are Ed Schneiders, John Tuck
er, Harvey Laderman, Dick Walker,
Ok Bceman, and Tom Foster.
Nominations will continne all next
week. Students may pick up nomi
nation blanks at. Ihe ASSU office.
Fifteen signatures are needed to
validate a nomination.
Penny-a-vote balloting will begin
Monday.
Six men have entered the race for
Con Home King. No cords have
been nominated yet. The six nomi
nees are Ed Schneiders, John Tuck
er, Harvey Laderman, Dick Walker,
Ok Bceman, and Tom Foster.
Nominations will continne all next
week. Students may pick up nomi
nation blanks at. Ihe ASSU office.
Fifteen signatures are needed to
validate a nomination.
Penny-a-vote balloting will begin
Monday.
Six men have entered the race for
Con Home King. No cords have
been nominated yet. The six nomi
nees are Ed Schneiders, John Tuck
er, Harvey Laderman, Dick Walker,
Ok Bceman, and Tom Foster.
Nominations will continne all next
week. Students may pick up nomi
nation blanks at. Ihe ASSU office.
Fifteen signatures are needed to
validate a nomination.
Penny-a-vote balloting will begin
Monday.
Six men have entered the race for
Con Home King. No cords have
been nominated yet. The six nomi
nees are Ed Schneiders, John Tuck
er, Harvey Laderman, Dick Walker,
Ok Bceman, and Tom Foster.
Nominations will continne all next
week. Students may pick up nomi
nation blanks at. Ihe ASSU office.
Fifteen signatures are needed to
validate a nomination.
Penny-a-vote balloting will begin
Monday.
Six men have entered the race for
Con Home King. No cords have
been nominated yet. The six nomi
nees are Ed Schneiders, John Tuck
er, Harvey Laderman, Dick Walker,
Ok Bceman, and Tom Foster.
Nominations will continne all next
week. Students may pick up nomi
nation blanks at. Ihe ASSU office.
Fifteen signatures are needed to
validate a nomination.
Penny-a-vote balloting will begin
Monday.
