# VETS' PROGRAM
## 
### 
Robert Sanders, field representa
tive for the California State Vet
erans Educational Assistance Pro
gram, will be on campus Monday,
April 18. Veterans desiring infor
mation about the program may con
tact him in Temporary Building C,
room 40. from 10 a.m. "to 4:30 p.m.
Robert Sanders, field representa
tive for the California State Vet
erans Educational Assistance Pro
gram, will be on campus Monday,
April 18. Veterans desiring infor
mation about the program may con
tact him in Temporary Building C,
room 40. from 10 a.m. "to 4:30 p.m.
Robert Sanders, field representa
tive for the California State Vet
erans Educational Assistance Pro
gram, will be on campus Monday,
April 18. Veterans desiring infor
mation about the program may con
tact him in Temporary Building C,
room 40. from 10 a.m. "to 4:30 p.m.
Robert Sanders, field representa
tive for the California State Vet
erans Educational Assistance Pro
gram, will be on campus Monday,
April 18. Veterans desiring infor
mation about the program may con
tact him in Temporary Building C,
room 40. from 10 a.m. "to 4:30 p.m.
Robert Sanders, field representa
tive for the California State Vet
erans Educational Assistance Pro
gram, will be on campus Monday,
April 18. Veterans desiring infor
mation about the program may con
tact him in Temporary Building C,
room 40. from 10 a.m. "to 4:30 p.m.
Robert Sanders, field representa
tive for the California State Vet
erans Educational Assistance Pro
gram, will be on campus Monday,
April 18. Veterans desiring infor
mation about the program may con
tact him in Temporary Building C,
room 40. from 10 a.m. "to 4:30 p.m.
Robert Sanders, field representa
tive for the California State Vet
erans Educational Assistance Pro
gram, will be on campus Monday,
April 18. Veterans desiring infor
mation about the program may con
tact him in Temporary Building C,
room 40. from 10 a.m. "to 4:30 p.m.
Robert Sanders, field representa
tive for the California State Vet
erans Educational Assistance Pro
gram, will be on campus Monday,
April 18. Veterans desiring infor
mation about the program may con
tact him in Temporary Building C,
room 40. from 10 a.m. "to 4:30 p.m.
Robert Sanders, field representa
tive for the California State Vet
erans Educational Assistance Pro
gram, will be on campus Monday,
April 18. Veterans desiring infor
mation about the program may con
tact him in Temporary Building C,
room 40. from 10 a.m. "to 4:30 p.m.
Robert Sanders, field representa
tive for the California State Vet
erans Educational Assistance Pro
gram, will be on campus Monday,
April 18. Veterans desiring infor
mation about the program may con
tact him in Temporary Building C,
room 40. from 10 a.m. "to 4:30 p.m.
Robert Sanders, field representa
tive for the California State Vet
erans Educational Assistance Pro
gram, will be on campus Monday,
April 18. Veterans desiring infor
mation about the program may con
tact him in Temporary Building C,
room 40. from 10 a.m. "to 4:30 p.m.
Robert Sanders, field representa
tive for the California State Vet
erans Educational Assistance Pro
gram, will be on campus Monday,
April 18. Veterans desiring infor
mation about the program may con
tact him in Temporary Building C,
room 40. from 10 a.m. "to 4:30 p.m.
Robert Sanders, field representa
tive for the California State Vet
erans Educational Assistance Pro
gram, will be on campus Monday,
April 18. Veterans desiring infor
mation about the program may con
tact him in Temporary Building C,
room 40. from 10 a.m. "to 4:30 p.m.
Robert Sanders, field representa
tive for the California State Vet
erans Educational Assistance Pro
gram, will be on campus Monday,
April 18. Veterans desiring infor
mation about the program may con
tact him in Temporary Building C,
room 40. from 10 a.m. "to 4:30 p.m.
Robert Sanders, field representa
tive for the California State Vet
erans Educational Assistance Pro
gram, will be on campus Monday,
April 18. Veterans desiring infor
mation about the program may con
tact him in Temporary Building C,
room 40. from 10 a.m. "to 4:30 p.m.
