# Board to Review Eating Club Plans
## 
### 
The Board of Trustees will con
sider April 21 a memorandum sub
mitted to them by Interclub Coun
cil on the proposed eating club
building. It presents to the board
the c'ubs' hopes, aspirations, and
tentative construction plans for
separate social and dining rooms.
Those plans have been formed by
discussions of the Eating Clubs
Building Committee, headed by Bill
McPherson.
The clubs have traditionally held
a place between the independents
and the fraternities. They have the
independence of study and living
quarters of the former, and the so
cial organization of the latter. To
maintain their independent opera
tion, management, and social fun
ctions, the eating clubs feel they
must have quarters of their own.
The construction of such a build
ing would also alleviate the crowd
ed condition of Encina Commons,
McPherson said. He further pointed
out that the plan would make it
possible to feed more oft - campus
students, and make more adequate
eating facilities for the non - club
men at Toyon.
