# BOOK NEEDED
## 
### 
"Early Embryology of the Mouse,"
currently out of print, is needed by
-tudents in Anatomy 112. Anyone
willing to loan a copy of this text
is asked to turn it in to the secre
tary of the department of anatomy
:>r phone to have it collected.
"Early Embryology of the Mouse,"
currently out of print, is needed by
-tudents in Anatomy 112. Anyone
willing to loan a copy of this text
is asked to turn it in to the secre
tary of the department of anatomy
:>r phone to have it collected.
"Early Embryology of the Mouse,"
currently out of print, is needed by
-tudents in Anatomy 112. Anyone
willing to loan a copy of this text
is asked to turn it in to the secre
tary of the department of anatomy
:>r phone to have it collected.
"Early Embryology of the Mouse,"
currently out of print, is needed by
-tudents in Anatomy 112. Anyone
willing to loan a copy of this text
is asked to turn it in to the secre
tary of the department of anatomy
:>r phone to have it collected.
"Early Embryology of the Mouse,"
currently out of print, is needed by
-tudents in Anatomy 112. Anyone
willing to loan a copy of this text
is asked to turn it in to the secre
tary of the department of anatomy
:>r phone to have it collected.
"Early Embryology of the Mouse,"
currently out of print, is needed by
-tudents in Anatomy 112. Anyone
willing to loan a copy of this text
is asked to turn it in to the secre
tary of the department of anatomy
:>r phone to have it collected.
"Early Embryology of the Mouse,"
currently out of print, is needed by
-tudents in Anatomy 112. Anyone
willing to loan a copy of this text
is asked to turn it in to the secre
tary of the department of anatomy
:>r phone to have it collected.
"Early Embryology of the Mouse,"
currently out of print, is needed by
-tudents in Anatomy 112. Anyone
willing to loan a copy of this text
is asked to turn it in to the secre
tary of the department of anatomy
:>r phone to have it collected.
"Early Embryology of the Mouse,"
currently out of print, is needed by
-tudents in Anatomy 112. Anyone
willing to loan a copy of this text
is asked to turn it in to the secre
tary of the department of anatomy
:>r phone to have it collected.
"Early Embryology of the Mouse,"
currently out of print, is needed by
-tudents in Anatomy 112. Anyone
willing to loan a copy of this text
is asked to turn it in to the secre
tary of the department of anatomy
:>r phone to have it collected.
"Early Embryology of the Mouse,"
currently out of print, is needed by
-tudents in Anatomy 112. Anyone
willing to loan a copy of this text
is asked to turn it in to the secre
tary of the department of anatomy
:>r phone to have it collected.
"Early Embryology of the Mouse,"
currently out of print, is needed by
-tudents in Anatomy 112. Anyone
willing to loan a copy of this text
is asked to turn it in to the secre
tary of the department of anatomy
:>r phone to have it collected.
"Early Embryology of the Mouse,"
currently out of print, is needed by
-tudents in Anatomy 112. Anyone
willing to loan a copy of this text
is asked to turn it in to the secre
tary of the department of anatomy
:>r phone to have it collected.
"Early Embryology of the Mouse,"
currently out of print, is needed by
-tudents in Anatomy 112. Anyone
willing to loan a copy of this text
is asked to turn it in to the secre
tary of the department of anatomy
:>r phone to have it collected.
"Early Embryology of the Mouse,"
currently out of print, is needed by
-tudents in Anatomy 112. Anyone
willing to loan a copy of this text
is asked to turn it in to the secre
tary of the department of anatomy
:>r phone to have it collected.
