# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A Farm freshman, in 1941, earned
his tuition by selling snake venom
at $25 an ounce.
A Farm freshman, in 1941, earned
his tuition by selling snake venom
at $25 an ounce.
A Farm freshman, in 1941, earned
his tuition by selling snake venom
at $25 an ounce.
A Farm freshman, in 1941, earned
his tuition by selling snake venom
at $25 an ounce.
A Farm freshman, in 1941, earned
his tuition by selling snake venom
at $25 an ounce.
A Farm freshman, in 1941, earned
his tuition by selling snake venom
at $25 an ounce.
A Farm freshman, in 1941, earned
his tuition by selling snake venom
at $25 an ounce.
A Farm freshman, in 1941, earned
his tuition by selling snake venom
at $25 an ounce.
A Farm freshman, in 1941, earned
his tuition by selling snake venom
at $25 an ounce.
A Farm freshman, in 1941, earned
his tuition by selling snake venom
at $25 an ounce.
A Farm freshman, in 1941, earned
his tuition by selling snake venom
at $25 an ounce.
A Farm freshman, in 1941, earned
his tuition by selling snake venom
at $25 an ounce.
A Farm freshman, in 1941, earned
his tuition by selling snake venom
at $25 an ounce.
A Farm freshman, in 1941, earned
his tuition by selling snake venom
at $25 an ounce.
A Farm freshman, in 1941, earned
his tuition by selling snake venom
at $25 an ounce.
