# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Knute Rockne, Notre Dame football
coach, will lecture on the technique of
the gridiron sport during the summer
session of the Utah Agricultural Col
lege.
Knute Rockne, Notre Dame football
coach, will lecture on the technique of
the gridiron sport during the summer
session of the Utah Agricultural Col
lege.
Knute Rockne, Notre Dame football
coach, will lecture on the technique of
the gridiron sport during the summer
session of the Utah Agricultural Col
lege.
Knute Rockne, Notre Dame football
coach, will lecture on the technique of
the gridiron sport during the summer
session of the Utah Agricultural Col
lege.
Knute Rockne, Notre Dame football
coach, will lecture on the technique of
the gridiron sport during the summer
session of the Utah Agricultural Col
lege.
Knute Rockne, Notre Dame football
coach, will lecture on the technique of
the gridiron sport during the summer
session of the Utah Agricultural Col
lege.
Knute Rockne, Notre Dame football
coach, will lecture on the technique of
the gridiron sport during the summer
session of the Utah Agricultural Col
lege.
Knute Rockne, Notre Dame football
coach, will lecture on the technique of
the gridiron sport during the summer
session of the Utah Agricultural Col
lege.
Knute Rockne, Notre Dame football
coach, will lecture on the technique of
the gridiron sport during the summer
session of the Utah Agricultural Col
lege.
Knute Rockne, Notre Dame football
coach, will lecture on the technique of
the gridiron sport during the summer
session of the Utah Agricultural Col
lege.
Knute Rockne, Notre Dame football
coach, will lecture on the technique of
the gridiron sport during the summer
session of the Utah Agricultural Col
lege.
Knute Rockne, Notre Dame football
coach, will lecture on the technique of
the gridiron sport during the summer
session of the Utah Agricultural Col
lege.
Knute Rockne, Notre Dame football
coach, will lecture on the technique of
the gridiron sport during the summer
session of the Utah Agricultural Col
lege.
Knute Rockne, Notre Dame football
coach, will lecture on the technique of
the gridiron sport during the summer
session of the Utah Agricultural Col
lege.
Knute Rockne, Notre Dame football
coach, will lecture on the technique of
the gridiron sport during the summer
session of the Utah Agricultural Col
lege.
