# Prohibition Agent Poses As Student; Makes Arrests;
## 
### 
Registering at the University of Ar
kansas, a prohibition agent recently posed
as a well-to-do student, was rushed by
several fraternities, and learned the
names of 18 bootleggers. Their addresses
were showered upon him, and before his
ruse was discovered he had received a
number of bids. The college men were
called before a federal commissioner and
forced to testify against the bootleggers.
A live volcano was part of an annual
exhibition given by the mining engineers
of the University of Kansas. The young
volcano was made to erupt at intervals.
Registering at the University of Ar
kansas, a prohibition agent recently posed
as a well-to-do student, was rushed by
several fraternities, and learned the
names of 18 bootleggers. Their addresses
were showered upon him, and before his
ruse was discovered he had received a
number of bids. The college men were
called before a federal commissioner and
forced to testify against the bootleggers.
A live volcano was part of an annual
exhibition given by the mining engineers
of the University of Kansas. The young
volcano was made to erupt at intervals.
Registering at the University of Ar
kansas, a prohibition agent recently posed
as a well-to-do student, was rushed by
several fraternities, and learned the
names of 18 bootleggers. Their addresses
were showered upon him, and before his
ruse was discovered he had received a
number of bids. The college men were
called before a federal commissioner and
forced to testify against the bootleggers.
A live volcano was part of an annual
exhibition given by the mining engineers
of the University of Kansas. The young
volcano was made to erupt at intervals.
Registering at the University of Ar
kansas, a prohibition agent recently posed
as a well-to-do student, was rushed by
several fraternities, and learned the
names of 18 bootleggers. Their addresses
were showered upon him, and before his
ruse was discovered he had received a
number of bids. The college men were
called before a federal commissioner and
forced to testify against the bootleggers.
A live volcano was part of an annual
exhibition given by the mining engineers
of the University of Kansas. The young
volcano was made to erupt at intervals.
Registering at the University of Ar
kansas, a prohibition agent recently posed
as a well-to-do student, was rushed by
several fraternities, and learned the
names of 18 bootleggers. Their addresses
were showered upon him, and before his
ruse was discovered he had received a
number of bids. The college men were
called before a federal commissioner and
forced to testify against the bootleggers.
A live volcano was part of an annual
exhibition given by the mining engineers
of the University of Kansas. The young
volcano was made to erupt at intervals.
Registering at the University of Ar
kansas, a prohibition agent recently posed
as a well-to-do student, was rushed by
several fraternities, and learned the
names of 18 bootleggers. Their addresses
were showered upon him, and before his
ruse was discovered he had received a
number of bids. The college men were
called before a federal commissioner and
forced to testify against the bootleggers.
A live volcano was part of an annual
exhibition given by the mining engineers
of the University of Kansas. The young
volcano was made to erupt at intervals.
Registering at the University of Ar
kansas, a prohibition agent recently posed
as a well-to-do student, was rushed by
several fraternities, and learned the
names of 18 bootleggers. Their addresses
were showered upon him, and before his
ruse was discovered he had received a
number of bids. The college men were
called before a federal commissioner and
forced to testify against the bootleggers.
A live volcano was part of an annual
exhibition given by the mining engineers
of the University of Kansas. The young
volcano was made to erupt at intervals.
Registering at the University of Ar
kansas, a prohibition agent recently posed
as a well-to-do student, was rushed by
several fraternities, and learned the
names of 18 bootleggers. Their addresses
were showered upon him, and before his
ruse was discovered he had received a
number of bids. The college men were
called before a federal commissioner and
forced to testify against the bootleggers.
A live volcano was part of an annual
exhibition given by the mining engineers
of the University of Kansas. The young
volcano was made to erupt at intervals.
Registering at the University of Ar
kansas, a prohibition agent recently posed
as a well-to-do student, was rushed by
several fraternities, and learned the
names of 18 bootleggers. Their addresses
were showered upon him, and before his
ruse was discovered he had received a
number of bids. The college men were
called before a federal commissioner and
forced to testify against the bootleggers.
A live volcano was part of an annual
exhibition given by the mining engineers
of the University of Kansas. The young
volcano was made to erupt at intervals.
Registering at the University of Ar
kansas, a prohibition agent recently posed
as a well-to-do student, was rushed by
several fraternities, and learned the
names of 18 bootleggers. Their addresses
were showered upon him, and before his
ruse was discovered he had received a
number of bids. The college men were
called before a federal commissioner and
forced to testify against the bootleggers.
A live volcano was part of an annual
exhibition given by the mining engineers
of the University of Kansas. The young
volcano was made to erupt at intervals.
Registering at the University of Ar
kansas, a prohibition agent recently posed
as a well-to-do student, was rushed by
several fraternities, and learned the
names of 18 bootleggers. Their addresses
were showered upon him, and before his
ruse was discovered he had received a
number of bids. The college men were
called before a federal commissioner and
forced to testify against the bootleggers.
A live volcano was part of an annual
exhibition given by the mining engineers
of the University of Kansas. The young
volcano was made to erupt at intervals.
Registering at the University of Ar
kansas, a prohibition agent recently posed
as a well-to-do student, was rushed by
several fraternities, and learned the
names of 18 bootleggers. Their addresses
were showered upon him, and before his
ruse was discovered he had received a
number of bids. The college men were
called before a federal commissioner and
forced to testify against the bootleggers.
A live volcano was part of an annual
exhibition given by the mining engineers
of the University of Kansas. The young
volcano was made to erupt at intervals.
Registering at the University of Ar
kansas, a prohibition agent recently posed
as a well-to-do student, was rushed by
several fraternities, and learned the
names of 18 bootleggers. Their addresses
were showered upon him, and before his
ruse was discovered he had received a
number of bids. The college men were
called before a federal commissioner and
forced to testify against the bootleggers.
A live volcano was part of an annual
exhibition given by the mining engineers
of the University of Kansas. The young
volcano was made to erupt at intervals.
Registering at the University of Ar
kansas, a prohibition agent recently posed
as a well-to-do student, was rushed by
several fraternities, and learned the
names of 18 bootleggers. Their addresses
were showered upon him, and before his
ruse was discovered he had received a
number of bids. The college men were
called before a federal commissioner and
forced to testify against the bootleggers.
A live volcano was part of an annual
exhibition given by the mining engineers
of the University of Kansas. The young
volcano was made to erupt at intervals.
Registering at the University of Ar
kansas, a prohibition agent recently posed
as a well-to-do student, was rushed by
several fraternities, and learned the
names of 18 bootleggers. Their addresses
were showered upon him, and before his
ruse was discovered he had received a
number of bids. The college men were
called before a federal commissioner and
forced to testify against the bootleggers.
A live volcano was part of an annual
exhibition given by the mining engineers
of the University of Kansas. The young
volcano was made to erupt at intervals.
