# HIGH SCHOOLS SEND DELEGATES TO U.C. PRESS CONFERENCE
## 
### 
BERKELEY, April 7.—(By Radio) —
Journalists from forty central Califor
nia preparatory schools met today on
the University of California campus
for a two-day conference being spon
sored by Sigma Delta Chi, national
journalistic fraternity.
The delegates were registered at the
Stephens Union this morning, where
they made arrangements for living
quarters for their stay. They represent
many schools, and each delegate is
actively engaged in some journalistic
activity.
A luncheon was held for them at
which they heard Chester H. Rowell,
regent of the University and noted
publicist. Following other speakers
who presented various phases of cam
pus publications and activities, the
delegates attended the annual Parthe
nia. They also assisted in the publica
tion of the issue of the Daily Cali
fornian.
BERKELEY, April 7.—(By Radio) —
Journalists from forty central Califor
nia preparatory schools met today on
the University of California campus
for a two-day conference being spon
sored by Sigma Delta Chi, national
journalistic fraternity.
The delegates were registered at the
Stephens Union this morning, where
they made arrangements for living
quarters for their stay. They represent
many schools, and each delegate is
actively engaged in some journalistic
activity.
A luncheon was held for them at
which they heard Chester H. Rowell,
regent of the University and noted
publicist. Following other speakers
who presented various phases of cam
pus publications and activities, the
delegates attended the annual Parthe
nia. They also assisted in the publica
tion of the issue of the Daily Cali
fornian.
BERKELEY, April 7.—(By Radio) —
Journalists from forty central Califor
nia preparatory schools met today on
the University of California campus
for a two-day conference being spon
sored by Sigma Delta Chi, national
journalistic fraternity.
The delegates were registered at the
Stephens Union this morning, where
they made arrangements for living
quarters for their stay. They represent
many schools, and each delegate is
actively engaged in some journalistic
activity.
A luncheon was held for them at
which they heard Chester H. Rowell,
regent of the University and noted
publicist. Following other speakers
who presented various phases of cam
pus publications and activities, the
delegates attended the annual Parthe
nia. They also assisted in the publica
tion of the issue of the Daily Cali
fornian.
BERKELEY, April 7.—(By Radio) —
Journalists from forty central Califor
nia preparatory schools met today on
the University of California campus
for a two-day conference being spon
sored by Sigma Delta Chi, national
journalistic fraternity.
The delegates were registered at the
Stephens Union this morning, where
they made arrangements for living
quarters for their stay. They represent
many schools, and each delegate is
actively engaged in some journalistic
activity.
A luncheon was held for them at
which they heard Chester H. Rowell,
regent of the University and noted
publicist. Following other speakers
who presented various phases of cam
pus publications and activities, the
delegates attended the annual Parthe
nia. They also assisted in the publica
tion of the issue of the Daily Cali
fornian.
BERKELEY, April 7.—(By Radio) —
Journalists from forty central Califor
nia preparatory schools met today on
the University of California campus
for a two-day conference being spon
sored by Sigma Delta Chi, national
journalistic fraternity.
The delegates were registered at the
Stephens Union this morning, where
they made arrangements for living
quarters for their stay. They represent
many schools, and each delegate is
actively engaged in some journalistic
activity.
A luncheon was held for them at
which they heard Chester H. Rowell,
regent of the University and noted
publicist. Following other speakers
who presented various phases of cam
pus publications and activities, the
delegates attended the annual Parthe
nia. They also assisted in the publica
tion of the issue of the Daily Cali
fornian.
BERKELEY, April 7.—(By Radio) —
Journalists from forty central Califor
nia preparatory schools met today on
the University of California campus
for a two-day conference being spon
sored by Sigma Delta Chi, national
journalistic fraternity.
The delegates were registered at the
Stephens Union this morning, where
they made arrangements for living
quarters for their stay. They represent
many schools, and each delegate is
actively engaged in some journalistic
activity.
A luncheon was held for them at
which they heard Chester H. Rowell,
regent of the University and noted
publicist. Following other speakers
who presented various phases of cam
pus publications and activities, the
delegates attended the annual Parthe
nia. They also assisted in the publica
tion of the issue of the Daily Cali
fornian.
BERKELEY, April 7.—(By Radio) —
Journalists from forty central Califor
nia preparatory schools met today on
the University of California campus
for a two-day conference being spon
sored by Sigma Delta Chi, national
journalistic fraternity.
The delegates were registered at the
Stephens Union this morning, where
they made arrangements for living
quarters for their stay. They represent
many schools, and each delegate is
actively engaged in some journalistic
activity.
A luncheon was held for them at
which they heard Chester H. Rowell,
regent of the University and noted
publicist. Following other speakers
who presented various phases of cam
pus publications and activities, the
delegates attended the annual Parthe
nia. They also assisted in the publica
tion of the issue of the Daily Cali
fornian.
BERKELEY, April 7.—(By Radio) —
Journalists from forty central Califor
nia preparatory schools met today on
the University of California campus
for a two-day conference being spon
sored by Sigma Delta Chi, national
journalistic fraternity.
The delegates were registered at the
Stephens Union this morning, where
they made arrangements for living
quarters for their stay. They represent
many schools, and each delegate is
actively engaged in some journalistic
activity.
A luncheon was held for them at
which they heard Chester H. Rowell,
regent of the University and noted
publicist. Following other speakers
who presented various phases of cam
pus publications and activities, the
delegates attended the annual Parthe
nia. They also assisted in the publica
tion of the issue of the Daily Cali
fornian.
BERKELEY, April 7.—(By Radio) —
Journalists from forty central Califor
nia preparatory schools met today on
the University of California campus
for a two-day conference being spon
sored by Sigma Delta Chi, national
journalistic fraternity.
The delegates were registered at the
Stephens Union this morning, where
they made arrangements for living
quarters for their stay. They represent
many schools, and each delegate is
actively engaged in some journalistic
activity.
A luncheon was held for them at
which they heard Chester H. Rowell,
regent of the University and noted
publicist. Following other speakers
who presented various phases of cam
pus publications and activities, the
delegates attended the annual Parthe
nia. They also assisted in the publica
tion of the issue of the Daily Cali
fornian.
BERKELEY, April 7.—(By Radio) —
Journalists from forty central Califor
nia preparatory schools met today on
the University of California campus
for a two-day conference being spon
sored by Sigma Delta Chi, national
journalistic fraternity.
The delegates were registered at the
Stephens Union this morning, where
they made arrangements for living
quarters for their stay. They represent
many schools, and each delegate is
actively engaged in some journalistic
activity.
A luncheon was held for them at
which they heard Chester H. Rowell,
regent of the University and noted
publicist. Following other speakers
who presented various phases of cam
pus publications and activities, the
delegates attended the annual Parthe
nia. They also assisted in the publica
tion of the issue of the Daily Cali
fornian.
BERKELEY, April 7.—(By Radio) —
Journalists from forty central Califor
nia preparatory schools met today on
the University of California campus
for a two-day conference being spon
sored by Sigma Delta Chi, national
journalistic fraternity.
The delegates were registered at the
Stephens Union this morning, where
they made arrangements for living
quarters for their stay. They represent
many schools, and each delegate is
actively engaged in some journalistic
activity.
A luncheon was held for them at
which they heard Chester H. Rowell,
regent of the University and noted
publicist. Following other speakers
who presented various phases of cam
pus publications and activities, the
delegates attended the annual Parthe
nia. They also assisted in the publica
tion of the issue of the Daily Cali
fornian.
BERKELEY, April 7.—(By Radio) —
Journalists from forty central Califor
nia preparatory schools met today on
the University of California campus
for a two-day conference being spon
sored by Sigma Delta Chi, national
journalistic fraternity.
The delegates were registered at the
Stephens Union this morning, where
they made arrangements for living
quarters for their stay. They represent
many schools, and each delegate is
actively engaged in some journalistic
activity.
A luncheon was held for them at
which they heard Chester H. Rowell,
regent of the University and noted
publicist. Following other speakers
who presented various phases of cam
pus publications and activities, the
delegates attended the annual Parthe
nia. They also assisted in the publica
tion of the issue of the Daily Cali
fornian.
BERKELEY, April 7.—(By Radio) —
Journalists from forty central Califor
nia preparatory schools met today on
the University of California campus
for a two-day conference being spon
sored by Sigma Delta Chi, national
journalistic fraternity.
The delegates were registered at the
Stephens Union this morning, where
they made arrangements for living
quarters for their stay. They represent
many schools, and each delegate is
actively engaged in some journalistic
activity.
A luncheon was held for them at
which they heard Chester H. Rowell,
regent of the University and noted
publicist. Following other speakers
who presented various phases of cam
pus publications and activities, the
delegates attended the annual Parthe
nia. They also assisted in the publica
tion of the issue of the Daily Cali
fornian.
BERKELEY, April 7.—(By Radio) —
Journalists from forty central Califor
nia preparatory schools met today on
the University of California campus
for a two-day conference being spon
sored by Sigma Delta Chi, national
journalistic fraternity.
The delegates were registered at the
Stephens Union this morning, where
they made arrangements for living
quarters for their stay. They represent
many schools, and each delegate is
actively engaged in some journalistic
activity.
A luncheon was held for them at
which they heard Chester H. Rowell,
regent of the University and noted
publicist. Following other speakers
who presented various phases of cam
pus publications and activities, the
delegates attended the annual Parthe
nia. They also assisted in the publica
tion of the issue of the Daily Cali
fornian.
BERKELEY, April 7.—(By Radio) —
Journalists from forty central Califor
nia preparatory schools met today on
the University of California campus
for a two-day conference being spon
sored by Sigma Delta Chi, national
journalistic fraternity.
The delegates were registered at the
Stephens Union this morning, where
they made arrangements for living
quarters for their stay. They represent
many schools, and each delegate is
actively engaged in some journalistic
activity.
A luncheon was held for them at
which they heard Chester H. Rowell,
regent of the University and noted
publicist. Following other speakers
who presented various phases of cam
pus publications and activities, the
delegates attended the annual Parthe
nia. They also assisted in the publica
tion of the issue of the Daily Cali
fornian.
