# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Colleges and universities of the At
lantic States should organize a mingle j
comprehensive Eastern Football (\m 1
ference, according to Grantland Rice. !
noted sports writer, in an interview i
given the Daily Princetonian. He ho-!
lieves that eligibility rules would be
greatly simplified by such an arrange
ment.
Colleges and universities of the At
lantic States should organize a mingle j
comprehensive Eastern Football (\m 1
ference, according to Grantland Rice. !
noted sports writer, in an interview i
given the Daily Princetonian. He ho-!
lieves that eligibility rules would be
greatly simplified by such an arrange
ment.
Colleges and universities of the At
lantic States should organize a mingle j
comprehensive Eastern Football (\m 1
ference, according to Grantland Rice. !
noted sports writer, in an interview i
given the Daily Princetonian. He ho-!
lieves that eligibility rules would be
greatly simplified by such an arrange
ment.
Colleges and universities of the At
lantic States should organize a mingle j
comprehensive Eastern Football (\m 1
ference, according to Grantland Rice. !
noted sports writer, in an interview i
given the Daily Princetonian. He ho-!
lieves that eligibility rules would be
greatly simplified by such an arrange
ment.
Colleges and universities of the At
lantic States should organize a mingle j
comprehensive Eastern Football (\m 1
ference, according to Grantland Rice. !
noted sports writer, in an interview i
given the Daily Princetonian. He ho-!
lieves that eligibility rules would be
greatly simplified by such an arrange
ment.
Colleges and universities of the At
lantic States should organize a mingle j
comprehensive Eastern Football (\m 1
ference, according to Grantland Rice. !
noted sports writer, in an interview i
given the Daily Princetonian. He ho-!
lieves that eligibility rules would be
greatly simplified by such an arrange
ment.
Colleges and universities of the At
lantic States should organize a mingle j
comprehensive Eastern Football (\m 1
ference, according to Grantland Rice. !
noted sports writer, in an interview i
given the Daily Princetonian. He ho-!
lieves that eligibility rules would be
greatly simplified by such an arrange
ment.
Colleges and universities of the At
lantic States should organize a mingle j
comprehensive Eastern Football (\m 1
ference, according to Grantland Rice. !
noted sports writer, in an interview i
given the Daily Princetonian. He ho-!
lieves that eligibility rules would be
greatly simplified by such an arrange
ment.
Colleges and universities of the At
lantic States should organize a mingle j
comprehensive Eastern Football (\m 1
ference, according to Grantland Rice. !
noted sports writer, in an interview i
given the Daily Princetonian. He ho-!
lieves that eligibility rules would be
greatly simplified by such an arrange
ment.
Colleges and universities of the At
lantic States should organize a mingle j
comprehensive Eastern Football (\m 1
ference, according to Grantland Rice. !
noted sports writer, in an interview i
given the Daily Princetonian. He ho-!
lieves that eligibility rules would be
greatly simplified by such an arrange
ment.
Colleges and universities of the At
lantic States should organize a mingle j
comprehensive Eastern Football (\m 1
ference, according to Grantland Rice. !
noted sports writer, in an interview i
given the Daily Princetonian. He ho-!
lieves that eligibility rules would be
greatly simplified by such an arrange
ment.
Colleges and universities of the At
lantic States should organize a mingle j
comprehensive Eastern Football (\m 1
ference, according to Grantland Rice. !
noted sports writer, in an interview i
given the Daily Princetonian. He ho-!
lieves that eligibility rules would be
greatly simplified by such an arrange
ment.
Colleges and universities of the At
lantic States should organize a mingle j
comprehensive Eastern Football (\m 1
ference, according to Grantland Rice. !
noted sports writer, in an interview i
given the Daily Princetonian. He ho-!
lieves that eligibility rules would be
greatly simplified by such an arrange
ment.
Colleges and universities of the At
lantic States should organize a mingle j
comprehensive Eastern Football (\m 1
ference, according to Grantland Rice. !
noted sports writer, in an interview i
given the Daily Princetonian. He ho-!
lieves that eligibility rules would be
greatly simplified by such an arrange
ment.
Colleges and universities of the At
lantic States should organize a mingle j
comprehensive Eastern Football (\m 1
ference, according to Grantland Rice. !
noted sports writer, in an interview i
given the Daily Princetonian. He ho-!
lieves that eligibility rules would be
greatly simplified by such an arrange
ment.
