# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
An old Farm
tradition ...
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
An old Farm
tradition ...
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
An old Farm
tradition ...
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
An old Farm
tradition ...
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
An old Farm
tradition ...
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
An old Farm
tradition ...
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
An old Farm
tradition ...
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
An old Farm
tradition ...
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
An old Farm
tradition ...
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
An old Farm
tradition ...
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
An old Farm
tradition ...
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
An old Farm
tradition ...
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
An old Farm
tradition ...
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
An old Farm
tradition ...
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
An old Farm
tradition ...
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
An old Farm
tradition ...
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
An old Farm
tradition ...
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
