# Students Give Scholarship in Wilbur's Name
## 
### 
The Ray Lyman Wilbur Scholar
ship came into being last night when
the Associated Students of Stanford
University announced its establish
ment at a reception in Lagunita
Court honoring Chancellor and Mrs.
Wilbur.
In presenting a check for $1,000 to
Dr. Wilbur, ASSU President Janet
McClanahan said that the scholar
ship was created by the students to
show their appreciation for his many
years of service and friendship to
them.
Perpetual Fund
Money from the fund created by
the $1,000 check and additional do
nations will provide a perpetual
scholarship, which will be awarded
each year to a deserving student. The
Associated Students will continue to
contribute to the fund annually.
Between 7 and 8 o'clock, several
hundred students came to Lagunita
to greet the Wilburs and to have
after dinner coffee with them on the
terrace.
Sing to Wilburs
Following the scholarship presen
tation, the assembled students sang
"For They Are Jolly Good Fellows"
to the Wilburs. Dr. Wilbur, in ac
cepting the check, thanked the stu
dents not only for the tribute but for
the help it would provide for some
student.
Coffee was served from two tables
placed at either end of the terrace.
Pouring at the tables, which were
decorated with red and white gladi
olas, were Miss Lucy Lataillade and
Mrs. John Bunn.
Before the reception. Dr. and Mrs.
Wilbur were guests at Lagunita for
dinner. Other special guests includ
ed Dean and Mrs. John Bunn, Miss
Anastasia Doyle, Miss Lataillade,
Miss Christine Ricker, and repre
sentatives of Roble Club and the
men's halls.
The Ray Lyman Wilbur Scholar
ship came into being last night when
the Associated Students of Stanford
University announced its establish
ment at a reception in Lagunita
Court honoring Chancellor and Mrs.
Wilbur.
In presenting a check for $1,000 to
Dr. Wilbur, ASSU President Janet
McClanahan said that the scholar
ship was created by the students to
show their appreciation for his many
years of service and friendship to
them.
Perpetual Fund
Money from the fund created by
the $1,000 check and additional do
nations will provide a perpetual
scholarship, which will be awarded
each year to a deserving student. The
Associated Students will continue to
contribute to the fund annually.
Between 7 and 8 o'clock, several
hundred students came to Lagunita
to greet the Wilburs and to have
after dinner coffee with them on the
terrace.
Sing to Wilburs
Following the scholarship presen
tation, the assembled students sang
"For They Are Jolly Good Fellows"
to the Wilburs. Dr. Wilbur, in ac
cepting the check, thanked the stu
dents not only for the tribute but for
the help it would provide for some
student.
Coffee was served from two tables
placed at either end of the terrace.
Pouring at the tables, which were
decorated with red and white gladi
olas, were Miss Lucy Lataillade and
Mrs. John Bunn.
Before the reception. Dr. and Mrs.
Wilbur were guests at Lagunita for
dinner. Other special guests includ
ed Dean and Mrs. John Bunn, Miss
Anastasia Doyle, Miss Lataillade,
Miss Christine Ricker, and repre
sentatives of Roble Club and the
men's halls.
The Ray Lyman Wilbur Scholar
ship came into being last night when
the Associated Students of Stanford
University announced its establish
ment at a reception in Lagunita
Court honoring Chancellor and Mrs.
Wilbur.
In presenting a check for $1,000 to
Dr. Wilbur, ASSU President Janet
McClanahan said that the scholar
ship was created by the students to
show their appreciation for his many
years of service and friendship to
them.
Perpetual Fund
Money from the fund created by
the $1,000 check and additional do
nations will provide a perpetual
scholarship, which will be awarded
each year to a deserving student. The
Associated Students will continue to
contribute to the fund annually.
Between 7 and 8 o'clock, several
hundred students came to Lagunita
to greet the Wilburs and to have
after dinner coffee with them on the
terrace.
Sing to Wilburs
Following the scholarship presen
tation, the assembled students sang
"For They Are Jolly Good Fellows"
to the Wilburs. Dr. Wilbur, in ac
cepting the check, thanked the stu
dents not only for the tribute but for
the help it would provide for some
student.
Coffee was served from two tables
placed at either end of the terrace.
Pouring at the tables, which were
decorated with red and white gladi
olas, were Miss Lucy Lataillade and
Mrs. John Bunn.
Before the reception. Dr. and Mrs.
Wilbur were guests at Lagunita for
dinner. Other special guests includ
ed Dean and Mrs. John Bunn, Miss
Anastasia Doyle, Miss Lataillade,
Miss Christine Ricker, and repre
sentatives of Roble Club and the
men's halls.
The Ray Lyman Wilbur Scholar
ship came into being last night when
the Associated Students of Stanford
University announced its establish
ment at a reception in Lagunita
Court honoring Chancellor and Mrs.
Wilbur.
In presenting a check for $1,000 to
Dr. Wilbur, ASSU President Janet
McClanahan said that the scholar
ship was created by the students to
show their appreciation for his many
years of service and friendship to
them.
Perpetual Fund
Money from the fund created by
the $1,000 check and additional do
nations will provide a perpetual
scholarship, which will be awarded
each year to a deserving student. The
Associated Students will continue to
contribute to the fund annually.
Between 7 and 8 o'clock, several
hundred students came to Lagunita
to greet the Wilburs and to have
after dinner coffee with them on the
terrace.
Sing to Wilburs
Following the scholarship presen
tation, the assembled students sang
"For They Are Jolly Good Fellows"
to the Wilburs. Dr. Wilbur, in ac
cepting the check, thanked the stu
dents not only for the tribute but for
the help it would provide for some
student.
Coffee was served from two tables
placed at either end of the terrace.
Pouring at the tables, which were
decorated with red and white gladi
olas, were Miss Lucy Lataillade and
Mrs. John Bunn.
Before the reception. Dr. and Mrs.
Wilbur were guests at Lagunita for
dinner. Other special guests includ
ed Dean and Mrs. John Bunn, Miss
Anastasia Doyle, Miss Lataillade,
Miss Christine Ricker, and repre
sentatives of Roble Club and the
men's halls.
The Ray Lyman Wilbur Scholar
ship came into being last night when
the Associated Students of Stanford
University announced its establish
ment at a reception in Lagunita
Court honoring Chancellor and Mrs.
Wilbur.
In presenting a check for $1,000 to
Dr. Wilbur, ASSU President Janet
McClanahan said that the scholar
ship was created by the students to
show their appreciation for his many
years of service and friendship to
them.
Perpetual Fund
Money from the fund created by
the $1,000 check and additional do
nations will provide a perpetual
scholarship, which will be awarded
each year to a deserving student. The
Associated Students will continue to
contribute to the fund annually.
Between 7 and 8 o'clock, several
hundred students came to Lagunita
to greet the Wilburs and to have
after dinner coffee with them on the
terrace.
Sing to Wilburs
Following the scholarship presen
tation, the assembled students sang
"For They Are Jolly Good Fellows"
to the Wilburs. Dr. Wilbur, in ac
cepting the check, thanked the stu
dents not only for the tribute but for
the help it would provide for some
student.
Coffee was served from two tables
placed at either end of the terrace.
Pouring at the tables, which were
decorated with red and white gladi
olas, were Miss Lucy Lataillade and
Mrs. John Bunn.
Before the reception. Dr. and Mrs.
Wilbur were guests at Lagunita for
dinner. Other special guests includ
ed Dean and Mrs. John Bunn, Miss
Anastasia Doyle, Miss Lataillade,
Miss Christine Ricker, and repre
sentatives of Roble Club and the
men's halls.
The Ray Lyman Wilbur Scholar
ship came into being last night when
the Associated Students of Stanford
University announced its establish
ment at a reception in Lagunita
Court honoring Chancellor and Mrs.
Wilbur.
In presenting a check for $1,000 to
Dr. Wilbur, ASSU President Janet
McClanahan said that the scholar
ship was created by the students to
show their appreciation for his many
years of service and friendship to
them.
Perpetual Fund
Money from the fund created by
the $1,000 check and additional do
nations will provide a perpetual
scholarship, which will be awarded
each year to a deserving student. The
Associated Students will continue to
contribute to the fund annually.
Between 7 and 8 o'clock, several
hundred students came to Lagunita
to greet the Wilburs and to have
after dinner coffee with them on the
terrace.
Sing to Wilburs
Following the scholarship presen
tation, the assembled students sang
"For They Are Jolly Good Fellows"
to the Wilburs. Dr. Wilbur, in ac
cepting the check, thanked the stu
dents not only for the tribute but for
the help it would provide for some
student.
Coffee was served from two tables
placed at either end of the terrace.
Pouring at the tables, which were
decorated with red and white gladi
olas, were Miss Lucy Lataillade and
Mrs. John Bunn.
Before the reception. Dr. and Mrs.
Wilbur were guests at Lagunita for
dinner. Other special guests includ
ed Dean and Mrs. John Bunn, Miss
Anastasia Doyle, Miss Lataillade,
Miss Christine Ricker, and repre
sentatives of Roble Club and the
men's halls.
The Ray Lyman Wilbur Scholar
ship came into being last night when
the Associated Students of Stanford
University announced its establish
ment at a reception in Lagunita
Court honoring Chancellor and Mrs.
Wilbur.
In presenting a check for $1,000 to
Dr. Wilbur, ASSU President Janet
McClanahan said that the scholar
ship was created by the students to
show their appreciation for his many
years of service and friendship to
them.
Perpetual Fund
Money from the fund created by
the $1,000 check and additional do
nations will provide a perpetual
scholarship, which will be awarded
each year to a deserving student. The
Associated Students will continue to
contribute to the fund annually.
Between 7 and 8 o'clock, several
hundred students came to Lagunita
to greet the Wilburs and to have
after dinner coffee with them on the
terrace.
Sing to Wilburs
Following the scholarship presen
tation, the assembled students sang
"For They Are Jolly Good Fellows"
to the Wilburs. Dr. Wilbur, in ac
cepting the check, thanked the stu
dents not only for the tribute but for
the help it would provide for some
student.
Coffee was served from two tables
placed at either end of the terrace.
Pouring at the tables, which were
decorated with red and white gladi
olas, were Miss Lucy Lataillade and
Mrs. John Bunn.
Before the reception. Dr. and Mrs.
Wilbur were guests at Lagunita for
dinner. Other special guests includ
ed Dean and Mrs. John Bunn, Miss
Anastasia Doyle, Miss Lataillade,
Miss Christine Ricker, and repre
sentatives of Roble Club and the
men's halls.
The Ray Lyman Wilbur Scholar
ship came into being last night when
the Associated Students of Stanford
University announced its establish
ment at a reception in Lagunita
Court honoring Chancellor and Mrs.
Wilbur.
In presenting a check for $1,000 to
Dr. Wilbur, ASSU President Janet
McClanahan said that the scholar
ship was created by the students to
show their appreciation for his many
years of service and friendship to
them.
Perpetual Fund
Money from the fund created by
the $1,000 check and additional do
nations will provide a perpetual
scholarship, which will be awarded
each year to a deserving student. The
Associated Students will continue to
contribute to the fund annually.
Between 7 and 8 o'clock, several
hundred students came to Lagunita
to greet the Wilburs and to have
after dinner coffee with them on the
terrace.
Sing to Wilburs
Following the scholarship presen
tation, the assembled students sang
"For They Are Jolly Good Fellows"
to the Wilburs. Dr. Wilbur, in ac
cepting the check, thanked the stu
dents not only for the tribute but for
the help it would provide for some
student.
Coffee was served from two tables
placed at either end of the terrace.
Pouring at the tables, which were
decorated with red and white gladi
olas, were Miss Lucy Lataillade and
Mrs. John Bunn.
Before the reception. Dr. and Mrs.
Wilbur were guests at Lagunita for
dinner. Other special guests includ
ed Dean and Mrs. John Bunn, Miss
Anastasia Doyle, Miss Lataillade,
Miss Christine Ricker, and repre
sentatives of Roble Club and the
men's halls.
The Ray Lyman Wilbur Scholar
ship came into being last night when
the Associated Students of Stanford
University announced its establish
ment at a reception in Lagunita
Court honoring Chancellor and Mrs.
Wilbur.
In presenting a check for $1,000 to
Dr. Wilbur, ASSU President Janet
McClanahan said that the scholar
ship was created by the students to
show their appreciation for his many
years of service and friendship to
them.
Perpetual Fund
Money from the fund created by
the $1,000 check and additional do
nations will provide a perpetual
scholarship, which will be awarded
each year to a deserving student. The
Associated Students will continue to
contribute to the fund annually.
Between 7 and 8 o'clock, several
hundred students came to Lagunita
to greet the Wilburs and to have
after dinner coffee with them on the
terrace.
Sing to Wilburs
Following the scholarship presen
tation, the assembled students sang
"For They Are Jolly Good Fellows"
to the Wilburs. Dr. Wilbur, in ac
cepting the check, thanked the stu
dents not only for the tribute but for
the help it would provide for some
student.
Coffee was served from two tables
placed at either end of the terrace.
Pouring at the tables, which were
decorated with red and white gladi
olas, were Miss Lucy Lataillade and
Mrs. John Bunn.
Before the reception. Dr. and Mrs.
Wilbur were guests at Lagunita for
dinner. Other special guests includ
ed Dean and Mrs. John Bunn, Miss
Anastasia Doyle, Miss Lataillade,
Miss Christine Ricker, and repre
sentatives of Roble Club and the
men's halls.
The Ray Lyman Wilbur Scholar
ship came into being last night when
the Associated Students of Stanford
University announced its establish
ment at a reception in Lagunita
Court honoring Chancellor and Mrs.
Wilbur.
In presenting a check for $1,000 to
Dr. Wilbur, ASSU President Janet
McClanahan said that the scholar
ship was created by the students to
show their appreciation for his many
years of service and friendship to
them.
Perpetual Fund
Money from the fund created by
the $1,000 check and additional do
nations will provide a perpetual
scholarship, which will be awarded
each year to a deserving student. The
Associated Students will continue to
contribute to the fund annually.
Between 7 and 8 o'clock, several
hundred students came to Lagunita
to greet the Wilburs and to have
after dinner coffee with them on the
terrace.
Sing to Wilburs
Following the scholarship presen
tation, the assembled students sang
"For They Are Jolly Good Fellows"
to the Wilburs. Dr. Wilbur, in ac
cepting the check, thanked the stu
dents not only for the tribute but for
the help it would provide for some
student.
Coffee was served from two tables
placed at either end of the terrace.
Pouring at the tables, which were
decorated with red and white gladi
olas, were Miss Lucy Lataillade and
Mrs. John Bunn.
Before the reception. Dr. and Mrs.
Wilbur were guests at Lagunita for
dinner. Other special guests includ
ed Dean and Mrs. John Bunn, Miss
Anastasia Doyle, Miss Lataillade,
Miss Christine Ricker, and repre
sentatives of Roble Club and the
men's halls.
The Ray Lyman Wilbur Scholar
ship came into being last night when
the Associated Students of Stanford
University announced its establish
ment at a reception in Lagunita
Court honoring Chancellor and Mrs.
Wilbur.
In presenting a check for $1,000 to
Dr. Wilbur, ASSU President Janet
McClanahan said that the scholar
ship was created by the students to
show their appreciation for his many
years of service and friendship to
them.
Perpetual Fund
Money from the fund created by
the $1,000 check and additional do
nations will provide a perpetual
scholarship, which will be awarded
each year to a deserving student. The
Associated Students will continue to
contribute to the fund annually.
Between 7 and 8 o'clock, several
hundred students came to Lagunita
to greet the Wilburs and to have
after dinner coffee with them on the
terrace.
Sing to Wilburs
Following the scholarship presen
tation, the assembled students sang
"For They Are Jolly Good Fellows"
to the Wilburs. Dr. Wilbur, in ac
cepting the check, thanked the stu
dents not only for the tribute but for
the help it would provide for some
student.
Coffee was served from two tables
placed at either end of the terrace.
Pouring at the tables, which were
decorated with red and white gladi
olas, were Miss Lucy Lataillade and
Mrs. John Bunn.
Before the reception. Dr. and Mrs.
Wilbur were guests at Lagunita for
dinner. Other special guests includ
ed Dean and Mrs. John Bunn, Miss
Anastasia Doyle, Miss Lataillade,
Miss Christine Ricker, and repre
sentatives of Roble Club and the
men's halls.
The Ray Lyman Wilbur Scholar
ship came into being last night when
the Associated Students of Stanford
University announced its establish
ment at a reception in Lagunita
Court honoring Chancellor and Mrs.
Wilbur.
In presenting a check for $1,000 to
Dr. Wilbur, ASSU President Janet
McClanahan said that the scholar
ship was created by the students to
show their appreciation for his many
years of service and friendship to
them.
Perpetual Fund
Money from the fund created by
the $1,000 check and additional do
nations will provide a perpetual
scholarship, which will be awarded
each year to a deserving student. The
Associated Students will continue to
contribute to the fund annually.
Between 7 and 8 o'clock, several
hundred students came to Lagunita
to greet the Wilburs and to have
after dinner coffee with them on the
terrace.
Sing to Wilburs
Following the scholarship presen
tation, the assembled students sang
"For They Are Jolly Good Fellows"
to the Wilburs. Dr. Wilbur, in ac
cepting the check, thanked the stu
dents not only for the tribute but for
the help it would provide for some
student.
Coffee was served from two tables
placed at either end of the terrace.
Pouring at the tables, which were
decorated with red and white gladi
olas, were Miss Lucy Lataillade and
Mrs. John Bunn.
Before the reception. Dr. and Mrs.
Wilbur were guests at Lagunita for
dinner. Other special guests includ
ed Dean and Mrs. John Bunn, Miss
Anastasia Doyle, Miss Lataillade,
Miss Christine Ricker, and repre
sentatives of Roble Club and the
men's halls.
The Ray Lyman Wilbur Scholar
ship came into being last night when
the Associated Students of Stanford
University announced its establish
ment at a reception in Lagunita
Court honoring Chancellor and Mrs.
Wilbur.
In presenting a check for $1,000 to
Dr. Wilbur, ASSU President Janet
McClanahan said that the scholar
ship was created by the students to
show their appreciation for his many
years of service and friendship to
them.
Perpetual Fund
Money from the fund created by
the $1,000 check and additional do
nations will provide a perpetual
scholarship, which will be awarded
each year to a deserving student. The
Associated Students will continue to
contribute to the fund annually.
Between 7 and 8 o'clock, several
hundred students came to Lagunita
to greet the Wilburs and to have
after dinner coffee with them on the
terrace.
Sing to Wilburs
Following the scholarship presen
tation, the assembled students sang
"For They Are Jolly Good Fellows"
to the Wilburs. Dr. Wilbur, in ac
cepting the check, thanked the stu
dents not only for the tribute but for
the help it would provide for some
student.
Coffee was served from two tables
placed at either end of the terrace.
Pouring at the tables, which were
decorated with red and white gladi
olas, were Miss Lucy Lataillade and
Mrs. John Bunn.
Before the reception. Dr. and Mrs.
Wilbur were guests at Lagunita for
dinner. Other special guests includ
ed Dean and Mrs. John Bunn, Miss
Anastasia Doyle, Miss Lataillade,
Miss Christine Ricker, and repre
sentatives of Roble Club and the
men's halls.
The Ray Lyman Wilbur Scholar
ship came into being last night when
the Associated Students of Stanford
University announced its establish
ment at a reception in Lagunita
Court honoring Chancellor and Mrs.
Wilbur.
In presenting a check for $1,000 to
Dr. Wilbur, ASSU President Janet
McClanahan said that the scholar
ship was created by the students to
show their appreciation for his many
years of service and friendship to
them.
Perpetual Fund
Money from the fund created by
the $1,000 check and additional do
nations will provide a perpetual
scholarship, which will be awarded
each year to a deserving student. The
Associated Students will continue to
contribute to the fund annually.
Between 7 and 8 o'clock, several
hundred students came to Lagunita
to greet the Wilburs and to have
after dinner coffee with them on the
terrace.
Sing to Wilburs
Following the scholarship presen
tation, the assembled students sang
"For They Are Jolly Good Fellows"
to the Wilburs. Dr. Wilbur, in ac
cepting the check, thanked the stu
dents not only for the tribute but for
the help it would provide for some
student.
Coffee was served from two tables
placed at either end of the terrace.
Pouring at the tables, which were
decorated with red and white gladi
olas, were Miss Lucy Lataillade and
Mrs. John Bunn.
Before the reception. Dr. and Mrs.
Wilbur were guests at Lagunita for
dinner. Other special guests includ
ed Dean and Mrs. John Bunn, Miss
Anastasia Doyle, Miss Lataillade,
Miss Christine Ricker, and repre
sentatives of Roble Club and the
men's halls.
The Ray Lyman Wilbur Scholar
ship came into being last night when
the Associated Students of Stanford
University announced its establish
ment at a reception in Lagunita
Court honoring Chancellor and Mrs.
Wilbur.
In presenting a check for $1,000 to
Dr. Wilbur, ASSU President Janet
McClanahan said that the scholar
ship was created by the students to
show their appreciation for his many
years of service and friendship to
them.
Perpetual Fund
Money from the fund created by
the $1,000 check and additional do
nations will provide a perpetual
scholarship, which will be awarded
each year to a deserving student. The
Associated Students will continue to
contribute to the fund annually.
Between 7 and 8 o'clock, several
hundred students came to Lagunita
to greet the Wilburs and to have
after dinner coffee with them on the
terrace.
Sing to Wilburs
Following the scholarship presen
tation, the assembled students sang
"For They Are Jolly Good Fellows"
to the Wilburs. Dr. Wilbur, in ac
cepting the check, thanked the stu
dents not only for the tribute but for
the help it would provide for some
student.
Coffee was served from two tables
placed at either end of the terrace.
Pouring at the tables, which were
decorated with red and white gladi
olas, were Miss Lucy Lataillade and
Mrs. John Bunn.
Before the reception. Dr. and Mrs.
Wilbur were guests at Lagunita for
dinner. Other special guests includ
ed Dean and Mrs. John Bunn, Miss
Anastasia Doyle, Miss Lataillade,
Miss Christine Ricker, and repre
sentatives of Roble Club and the
men's halls.
The Ray Lyman Wilbur Scholar
ship came into being last night when
the Associated Students of Stanford
University announced its establish
ment at a reception in Lagunita
Court honoring Chancellor and Mrs.
Wilbur.
In presenting a check for $1,000 to
Dr. Wilbur, ASSU President Janet
McClanahan said that the scholar
ship was created by the students to
show their appreciation for his many
years of service and friendship to
them.
Perpetual Fund
Money from the fund created by
the $1,000 check and additional do
nations will provide a perpetual
scholarship, which will be awarded
each year to a deserving student. The
Associated Students will continue to
contribute to the fund annually.
Between 7 and 8 o'clock, several
hundred students came to Lagunita
to greet the Wilburs and to have
after dinner coffee with them on the
terrace.
Sing to Wilburs
Following the scholarship presen
tation, the assembled students sang
"For They Are Jolly Good Fellows"
to the Wilburs. Dr. Wilbur, in ac
cepting the check, thanked the stu
dents not only for the tribute but for
the help it would provide for some
student.
Coffee was served from two tables
placed at either end of the terrace.
Pouring at the tables, which were
decorated with red and white gladi
olas, were Miss Lucy Lataillade and
Mrs. John Bunn.
Before the reception. Dr. and Mrs.
Wilbur were guests at Lagunita for
dinner. Other special guests includ
ed Dean and Mrs. John Bunn, Miss
Anastasia Doyle, Miss Lataillade,
Miss Christine Ricker, and repre
sentatives of Roble Club and the
men's halls.
The Ray Lyman Wilbur Scholar
ship came into being last night when
the Associated Students of Stanford
University announced its establish
ment at a reception in Lagunita
Court honoring Chancellor and Mrs.
Wilbur.
In presenting a check for $1,000 to
Dr. Wilbur, ASSU President Janet
McClanahan said that the scholar
ship was created by the students to
show their appreciation for his many
years of service and friendship to
them.
Perpetual Fund
Money from the fund created by
the $1,000 check and additional do
nations will provide a perpetual
scholarship, which will be awarded
each year to a deserving student. The
Associated Students will continue to
contribute to the fund annually.
Between 7 and 8 o'clock, several
hundred students came to Lagunita
to greet the Wilburs and to have
after dinner coffee with them on the
terrace.
Sing to Wilburs
Following the scholarship presen
tation, the assembled students sang
"For They Are Jolly Good Fellows"
to the Wilburs. Dr. Wilbur, in ac
cepting the check, thanked the stu
dents not only for the tribute but for
the help it would provide for some
student.
Coffee was served from two tables
placed at either end of the terrace.
Pouring at the tables, which were
decorated with red and white gladi
olas, were Miss Lucy Lataillade and
Mrs. John Bunn.
Before the reception. Dr. and Mrs.
Wilbur were guests at Lagunita for
dinner. Other special guests includ
ed Dean and Mrs. John Bunn, Miss
Anastasia Doyle, Miss Lataillade,
Miss Christine Ricker, and repre
sentatives of Roble Club and the
men's halls.
