# The 						Joint Department Meeting.
## 
### 
A joint meeting of the instructors
and advance students in the depart
ments of economics, law, and history
took place yesterday at p.m. Nearly
two hours were spent in a most, inter
esting discussion relative to the inter
relations of the three branches. Prof.
Howard presided and in an opening
address explained the unique ideas of
our University, how free departmental
differentiation and free selection of
studies would tend to make our institu
tion the ideal one where each student
may virtually secu-e separate instruc
tion. Short talks followed by Dr.
Warner, Mrs Barnes, Professors Wood
ruff, Spencer, Clark, and Shaw. Pro
jects for permanent organization and
for the organization of a Pacific Coast
history and political scieucc association
were considered.
