# Adv. 10 Page 3
## 
### 
MAZZOCCO'S
on
MIDDLEFIELD
Peninsula's Best
Home Cooked
ITALIAN FOOD
"We do serve bread with
one meatball"
Dinners from $1.35
2808 MIDDLEFIELD ROAD
REDWOOD CITY
EM 6-5754
MAZZOCCO'S
on
MIDDLEFIELD
Peninsula's Best
Home Cooked
ITALIAN FOOD
"We do serve bread with
one meatball"
Dinners from $1.35
2808 MIDDLEFIELD ROAD
REDWOOD CITY
EM 6-5754
MAZZOCCO'S
on
MIDDLEFIELD
Peninsula's Best
Home Cooked
ITALIAN FOOD
"We do serve bread with
one meatball"
Dinners from $1.35
2808 MIDDLEFIELD ROAD
REDWOOD CITY
EM 6-5754
MAZZOCCO'S
on
MIDDLEFIELD
Peninsula's Best
Home Cooked
ITALIAN FOOD
"We do serve bread with
one meatball"
Dinners from $1.35
2808 MIDDLEFIELD ROAD
REDWOOD CITY
EM 6-5754
MAZZOCCO'S
on
MIDDLEFIELD
Peninsula's Best
Home Cooked
ITALIAN FOOD
"We do serve bread with
one meatball"
Dinners from $1.35
2808 MIDDLEFIELD ROAD
REDWOOD CITY
EM 6-5754
MAZZOCCO'S
on
MIDDLEFIELD
Peninsula's Best
Home Cooked
ITALIAN FOOD
"We do serve bread with
one meatball"
Dinners from $1.35
2808 MIDDLEFIELD ROAD
REDWOOD CITY
EM 6-5754
MAZZOCCO'S
on
MIDDLEFIELD
Peninsula's Best
Home Cooked
ITALIAN FOOD
"We do serve bread with
one meatball"
Dinners from $1.35
2808 MIDDLEFIELD ROAD
REDWOOD CITY
EM 6-5754
MAZZOCCO'S
on
MIDDLEFIELD
Peninsula's Best
Home Cooked
ITALIAN FOOD
"We do serve bread with
one meatball"
Dinners from $1.35
2808 MIDDLEFIELD ROAD
REDWOOD CITY
EM 6-5754
MAZZOCCO'S
on
MIDDLEFIELD
Peninsula's Best
Home Cooked
ITALIAN FOOD
"We do serve bread with
one meatball"
Dinners from $1.35
2808 MIDDLEFIELD ROAD
REDWOOD CITY
EM 6-5754
MAZZOCCO'S
on
MIDDLEFIELD
Peninsula's Best
Home Cooked
ITALIAN FOOD
"We do serve bread with
one meatball"
Dinners from $1.35
2808 MIDDLEFIELD ROAD
REDWOOD CITY
EM 6-5754
MAZZOCCO'S
on
MIDDLEFIELD
Peninsula's Best
Home Cooked
ITALIAN FOOD
"We do serve bread with
one meatball"
Dinners from $1.35
2808 MIDDLEFIELD ROAD
REDWOOD CITY
EM 6-5754
MAZZOCCO'S
on
MIDDLEFIELD
Peninsula's Best
Home Cooked
ITALIAN FOOD
"We do serve bread with
one meatball"
Dinners from $1.35
2808 MIDDLEFIELD ROAD
REDWOOD CITY
EM 6-5754
MAZZOCCO'S
on
MIDDLEFIELD
Peninsula's Best
Home Cooked
ITALIAN FOOD
"We do serve bread with
one meatball"
Dinners from $1.35
2808 MIDDLEFIELD ROAD
REDWOOD CITY
EM 6-5754
MAZZOCCO'S
on
MIDDLEFIELD
Peninsula's Best
Home Cooked
ITALIAN FOOD
"We do serve bread with
one meatball"
Dinners from $1.35
2808 MIDDLEFIELD ROAD
REDWOOD CITY
EM 6-5754
