# Women May Join Farm Concert Band For Winter, Spring
## 
### 
Women can now join the band,
announced Director Julius SliUchat
yesterday. The winter quarter con
cert band and basketball band will
replace the marching band which
appeared this fall.
Shuchat said the first practice will
he next Tuesday at 7 p.m. in the
band house, which is next to the
Eneina tennis courts. Students can
either audit band or take it for 1
unit of credit. Anyone failing to
sign up for Music 61, which is Uni
versity Band, on the official study
iist yesterday must make arrange
ments with the Registrar's Office
this week if credit for the course is
desired.
Women can now join the band,
announced Director Julius SliUchat
yesterday. The winter quarter con
cert band and basketball band will
replace the marching band which
appeared this fall.
Shuchat said the first practice will
he next Tuesday at 7 p.m. in the
band house, which is next to the
Eneina tennis courts. Students can
either audit band or take it for 1
unit of credit. Anyone failing to
sign up for Music 61, which is Uni
versity Band, on the official study
iist yesterday must make arrange
ments with the Registrar's Office
this week if credit for the course is
desired.
Women can now join the band,
announced Director Julius SliUchat
yesterday. The winter quarter con
cert band and basketball band will
replace the marching band which
appeared this fall.
Shuchat said the first practice will
he next Tuesday at 7 p.m. in the
band house, which is next to the
Eneina tennis courts. Students can
either audit band or take it for 1
unit of credit. Anyone failing to
sign up for Music 61, which is Uni
versity Band, on the official study
iist yesterday must make arrange
ments with the Registrar's Office
this week if credit for the course is
desired.
Women can now join the band,
announced Director Julius SliUchat
yesterday. The winter quarter con
cert band and basketball band will
replace the marching band which
appeared this fall.
Shuchat said the first practice will
he next Tuesday at 7 p.m. in the
band house, which is next to the
Eneina tennis courts. Students can
either audit band or take it for 1
unit of credit. Anyone failing to
sign up for Music 61, which is Uni
versity Band, on the official study
iist yesterday must make arrange
ments with the Registrar's Office
this week if credit for the course is
desired.
Women can now join the band,
announced Director Julius SliUchat
yesterday. The winter quarter con
cert band and basketball band will
replace the marching band which
appeared this fall.
Shuchat said the first practice will
he next Tuesday at 7 p.m. in the
band house, which is next to the
Eneina tennis courts. Students can
either audit band or take it for 1
unit of credit. Anyone failing to
sign up for Music 61, which is Uni
versity Band, on the official study
iist yesterday must make arrange
ments with the Registrar's Office
this week if credit for the course is
desired.
Women can now join the band,
announced Director Julius SliUchat
yesterday. The winter quarter con
cert band and basketball band will
replace the marching band which
appeared this fall.
Shuchat said the first practice will
he next Tuesday at 7 p.m. in the
band house, which is next to the
Eneina tennis courts. Students can
either audit band or take it for 1
unit of credit. Anyone failing to
sign up for Music 61, which is Uni
versity Band, on the official study
iist yesterday must make arrange
ments with the Registrar's Office
this week if credit for the course is
desired.
Women can now join the band,
announced Director Julius SliUchat
yesterday. The winter quarter con
cert band and basketball band will
replace the marching band which
appeared this fall.
Shuchat said the first practice will
he next Tuesday at 7 p.m. in the
band house, which is next to the
Eneina tennis courts. Students can
either audit band or take it for 1
unit of credit. Anyone failing to
sign up for Music 61, which is Uni
versity Band, on the official study
iist yesterday must make arrange
ments with the Registrar's Office
this week if credit for the course is
desired.
Women can now join the band,
announced Director Julius SliUchat
yesterday. The winter quarter con
cert band and basketball band will
replace the marching band which
appeared this fall.
Shuchat said the first practice will
he next Tuesday at 7 p.m. in the
band house, which is next to the
Eneina tennis courts. Students can
either audit band or take it for 1
unit of credit. Anyone failing to
sign up for Music 61, which is Uni
versity Band, on the official study
iist yesterday must make arrange
ments with the Registrar's Office
this week if credit for the course is
desired.
Women can now join the band,
announced Director Julius SliUchat
yesterday. The winter quarter con
cert band and basketball band will
replace the marching band which
appeared this fall.
Shuchat said the first practice will
he next Tuesday at 7 p.m. in the
band house, which is next to the
Eneina tennis courts. Students can
either audit band or take it for 1
unit of credit. Anyone failing to
sign up for Music 61, which is Uni
versity Band, on the official study
iist yesterday must make arrange
ments with the Registrar's Office
this week if credit for the course is
desired.
Women can now join the band,
announced Director Julius SliUchat
yesterday. The winter quarter con
cert band and basketball band will
replace the marching band which
appeared this fall.
Shuchat said the first practice will
he next Tuesday at 7 p.m. in the
band house, which is next to the
Eneina tennis courts. Students can
either audit band or take it for 1
unit of credit. Anyone failing to
sign up for Music 61, which is Uni
versity Band, on the official study
iist yesterday must make arrange
ments with the Registrar's Office
this week if credit for the course is
desired.
Women can now join the band,
announced Director Julius SliUchat
yesterday. The winter quarter con
cert band and basketball band will
replace the marching band which
appeared this fall.
Shuchat said the first practice will
he next Tuesday at 7 p.m. in the
band house, which is next to the
Eneina tennis courts. Students can
either audit band or take it for 1
unit of credit. Anyone failing to
sign up for Music 61, which is Uni
versity Band, on the official study
iist yesterday must make arrange
ments with the Registrar's Office
this week if credit for the course is
desired.
Women can now join the band,
announced Director Julius SliUchat
yesterday. The winter quarter con
cert band and basketball band will
replace the marching band which
appeared this fall.
Shuchat said the first practice will
he next Tuesday at 7 p.m. in the
band house, which is next to the
Eneina tennis courts. Students can
either audit band or take it for 1
unit of credit. Anyone failing to
sign up for Music 61, which is Uni
versity Band, on the official study
iist yesterday must make arrange
ments with the Registrar's Office
this week if credit for the course is
desired.
Women can now join the band,
announced Director Julius SliUchat
yesterday. The winter quarter con
cert band and basketball band will
replace the marching band which
appeared this fall.
Shuchat said the first practice will
he next Tuesday at 7 p.m. in the
band house, which is next to the
Eneina tennis courts. Students can
either audit band or take it for 1
unit of credit. Anyone failing to
sign up for Music 61, which is Uni
versity Band, on the official study
iist yesterday must make arrange
ments with the Registrar's Office
this week if credit for the course is
desired.
Women can now join the band,
announced Director Julius SliUchat
yesterday. The winter quarter con
cert band and basketball band will
replace the marching band which
appeared this fall.
Shuchat said the first practice will
he next Tuesday at 7 p.m. in the
band house, which is next to the
Eneina tennis courts. Students can
either audit band or take it for 1
unit of credit. Anyone failing to
sign up for Music 61, which is Uni
versity Band, on the official study
iist yesterday must make arrange
ments with the Registrar's Office
this week if credit for the course is
desired.
