# Books for Veterans Obtainable Till Feb, 4
## 
### 
The deadline for Stanford vet
erans to charge hooks and sup
plies at the Bookstore utider the
GI Bill during winter quarter is
February 4, it was announced
yesterday by George I). Barahal,
veterans' co-ordinator.
No supplies i,.Â«y be obtained
after the closing date. Identifica
tion cards, used by veterans un
der Public Laws 16 and .'146, arc
good from January to February
4. Ihe cards may also be used for
chemistry supplies and breakage;
anatomy, bacteriology, and biol
ogy supplies and microscope ren
tal; and any other items, provided
they arc required for his own use
in the courses in which he is en
rolled.
