# Untitled Article
## 
### 

THE 24 FRATERNITIES on the Stanford campus are located in the area on and around Mayfield
Street. Above is a map showing the locations of the various fraternity houses. Open houses for
rushing will begin tonight and continue through next Wednesday.

THE 24 FRATERNITIES on the Stanford campus are located in the area on and around Mayfield
Street. Above is a map showing the locations of the various fraternity houses. Open houses for
rushing will begin tonight and continue through next Wednesday.

THE 24 FRATERNITIES on the Stanford campus are located in the area on and around Mayfield
Street. Above is a map showing the locations of the various fraternity houses. Open houses for
rushing will begin tonight and continue through next Wednesday.

THE 24 FRATERNITIES on the Stanford campus are located in the area on and around Mayfield
Street. Above is a map showing the locations of the various fraternity houses. Open houses for
rushing will begin tonight and continue through next Wednesday.

THE 24 FRATERNITIES on the Stanford campus are located in the area on and around Mayfield
Street. Above is a map showing the locations of the various fraternity houses. Open houses for
rushing will begin tonight and continue through next Wednesday.

THE 24 FRATERNITIES on the Stanford campus are located in the area on and around Mayfield
Street. Above is a map showing the locations of the various fraternity houses. Open houses for
rushing will begin tonight and continue through next Wednesday.

THE 24 FRATERNITIES on the Stanford campus are located in the area on and around Mayfield
Street. Above is a map showing the locations of the various fraternity houses. Open houses for
rushing will begin tonight and continue through next Wednesday.

THE 24 FRATERNITIES on the Stanford campus are located in the area on and around Mayfield
Street. Above is a map showing the locations of the various fraternity houses. Open houses for
rushing will begin tonight and continue through next Wednesday.

THE 24 FRATERNITIES on the Stanford campus are located in the area on and around Mayfield
Street. Above is a map showing the locations of the various fraternity houses. Open houses for
rushing will begin tonight and continue through next Wednesday.

THE 24 FRATERNITIES on the Stanford campus are located in the area on and around Mayfield
Street. Above is a map showing the locations of the various fraternity houses. Open houses for
rushing will begin tonight and continue through next Wednesday.

THE 24 FRATERNITIES on the Stanford campus are located in the area on and around Mayfield
Street. Above is a map showing the locations of the various fraternity houses. Open houses for
rushing will begin tonight and continue through next Wednesday.

THE 24 FRATERNITIES on the Stanford campus are located in the area on and around Mayfield
Street. Above is a map showing the locations of the various fraternity houses. Open houses for
rushing will begin tonight and continue through next Wednesday.

THE 24 FRATERNITIES on the Stanford campus are located in the area on and around Mayfield
Street. Above is a map showing the locations of the various fraternity houses. Open houses for
rushing will begin tonight and continue through next Wednesday.

THE 24 FRATERNITIES on the Stanford campus are located in the area on and around Mayfield
Street. Above is a map showing the locations of the various fraternity houses. Open houses for
rushing will begin tonight and continue through next Wednesday.
