# Farm Librarians Elect Officers; Cutler, President
## 
### 
New officers have been elected by
members of the Library Staff Asso
ciation at Stanford University.
Edwin G. Leiser of the circulation
division has been selected as vice
president and president-elect of the
organization. He will hold these po
sitions during the next two years
and then assume the presidency at
the end of 1951.
President during the next two
years will be Mrs. LeVerne Cutler,
School of Mineral Sciences libra
rian, who has been vice-president
and president-elect under Mis.
Marion Stevick of the catalog divi
sion, retiring president.
Secretary-treasurer of the associ
ation is Charles R. Gorham of the
order division. Jack Plotkin, senior
reference librarian, has been elect
ed member at large on the execu
tive committee.
New officers have been elected by
members of the Library Staff Asso
ciation at Stanford University.
Edwin G. Leiser of the circulation
division has been selected as vice
president and president-elect of the
organization. He will hold these po
sitions during the next two years
and then assume the presidency at
the end of 1951.
President during the next two
years will be Mrs. LeVerne Cutler,
School of Mineral Sciences libra
rian, who has been vice-president
and president-elect under Mis.
Marion Stevick of the catalog divi
sion, retiring president.
Secretary-treasurer of the associ
ation is Charles R. Gorham of the
order division. Jack Plotkin, senior
reference librarian, has been elect
ed member at large on the execu
tive committee.
New officers have been elected by
members of the Library Staff Asso
ciation at Stanford University.
Edwin G. Leiser of the circulation
division has been selected as vice
president and president-elect of the
organization. He will hold these po
sitions during the next two years
and then assume the presidency at
the end of 1951.
President during the next two
years will be Mrs. LeVerne Cutler,
School of Mineral Sciences libra
rian, who has been vice-president
and president-elect under Mis.
Marion Stevick of the catalog divi
sion, retiring president.
Secretary-treasurer of the associ
ation is Charles R. Gorham of the
order division. Jack Plotkin, senior
reference librarian, has been elect
ed member at large on the execu
tive committee.
New officers have been elected by
members of the Library Staff Asso
ciation at Stanford University.
Edwin G. Leiser of the circulation
division has been selected as vice
president and president-elect of the
organization. He will hold these po
sitions during the next two years
and then assume the presidency at
the end of 1951.
President during the next two
years will be Mrs. LeVerne Cutler,
School of Mineral Sciences libra
rian, who has been vice-president
and president-elect under Mis.
Marion Stevick of the catalog divi
sion, retiring president.
Secretary-treasurer of the associ
ation is Charles R. Gorham of the
order division. Jack Plotkin, senior
reference librarian, has been elect
ed member at large on the execu
tive committee.
New officers have been elected by
members of the Library Staff Asso
ciation at Stanford University.
Edwin G. Leiser of the circulation
division has been selected as vice
president and president-elect of the
organization. He will hold these po
sitions during the next two years
and then assume the presidency at
the end of 1951.
President during the next two
years will be Mrs. LeVerne Cutler,
School of Mineral Sciences libra
rian, who has been vice-president
and president-elect under Mis.
Marion Stevick of the catalog divi
sion, retiring president.
Secretary-treasurer of the associ
ation is Charles R. Gorham of the
order division. Jack Plotkin, senior
reference librarian, has been elect
ed member at large on the execu
tive committee.
New officers have been elected by
members of the Library Staff Asso
ciation at Stanford University.
Edwin G. Leiser of the circulation
division has been selected as vice
president and president-elect of the
organization. He will hold these po
sitions during the next two years
and then assume the presidency at
the end of 1951.
President during the next two
years will be Mrs. LeVerne Cutler,
School of Mineral Sciences libra
rian, who has been vice-president
and president-elect under Mis.
Marion Stevick of the catalog divi
sion, retiring president.
Secretary-treasurer of the associ
ation is Charles R. Gorham of the
order division. Jack Plotkin, senior
reference librarian, has been elect
ed member at large on the execu
tive committee.
New officers have been elected by
members of the Library Staff Asso
ciation at Stanford University.
Edwin G. Leiser of the circulation
division has been selected as vice
president and president-elect of the
organization. He will hold these po
sitions during the next two years
and then assume the presidency at
the end of 1951.
President during the next two
years will be Mrs. LeVerne Cutler,
School of Mineral Sciences libra
rian, who has been vice-president
and president-elect under Mis.
Marion Stevick of the catalog divi
sion, retiring president.
Secretary-treasurer of the associ
ation is Charles R. Gorham of the
order division. Jack Plotkin, senior
reference librarian, has been elect
ed member at large on the execu
tive committee.
New officers have been elected by
members of the Library Staff Asso
ciation at Stanford University.
Edwin G. Leiser of the circulation
division has been selected as vice
president and president-elect of the
organization. He will hold these po
sitions during the next two years
and then assume the presidency at
the end of 1951.
President during the next two
years will be Mrs. LeVerne Cutler,
School of Mineral Sciences libra
rian, who has been vice-president
and president-elect under Mis.
Marion Stevick of the catalog divi
sion, retiring president.
Secretary-treasurer of the associ
ation is Charles R. Gorham of the
order division. Jack Plotkin, senior
reference librarian, has been elect
ed member at large on the execu
tive committee.
New officers have been elected by
members of the Library Staff Asso
ciation at Stanford University.
Edwin G. Leiser of the circulation
division has been selected as vice
president and president-elect of the
organization. He will hold these po
sitions during the next two years
and then assume the presidency at
the end of 1951.
President during the next two
years will be Mrs. LeVerne Cutler,
School of Mineral Sciences libra
rian, who has been vice-president
and president-elect under Mis.
Marion Stevick of the catalog divi
sion, retiring president.
Secretary-treasurer of the associ
ation is Charles R. Gorham of the
order division. Jack Plotkin, senior
reference librarian, has been elect
ed member at large on the execu
tive committee.
New officers have been elected by
members of the Library Staff Asso
ciation at Stanford University.
Edwin G. Leiser of the circulation
division has been selected as vice
president and president-elect of the
organization. He will hold these po
sitions during the next two years
and then assume the presidency at
the end of 1951.
President during the next two
years will be Mrs. LeVerne Cutler,
School of Mineral Sciences libra
rian, who has been vice-president
and president-elect under Mis.
Marion Stevick of the catalog divi
sion, retiring president.
Secretary-treasurer of the associ
ation is Charles R. Gorham of the
order division. Jack Plotkin, senior
reference librarian, has been elect
ed member at large on the execu
tive committee.
New officers have been elected by
members of the Library Staff Asso
ciation at Stanford University.
Edwin G. Leiser of the circulation
division has been selected as vice
president and president-elect of the
organization. He will hold these po
sitions during the next two years
and then assume the presidency at
the end of 1951.
President during the next two
years will be Mrs. LeVerne Cutler,
School of Mineral Sciences libra
rian, who has been vice-president
and president-elect under Mis.
Marion Stevick of the catalog divi
sion, retiring president.
Secretary-treasurer of the associ
ation is Charles R. Gorham of the
order division. Jack Plotkin, senior
reference librarian, has been elect
ed member at large on the execu
tive committee.
New officers have been elected by
members of the Library Staff Asso
ciation at Stanford University.
Edwin G. Leiser of the circulation
division has been selected as vice
president and president-elect of the
organization. He will hold these po
sitions during the next two years
and then assume the presidency at
the end of 1951.
President during the next two
years will be Mrs. LeVerne Cutler,
School of Mineral Sciences libra
rian, who has been vice-president
and president-elect under Mis.
Marion Stevick of the catalog divi
sion, retiring president.
Secretary-treasurer of the associ
ation is Charles R. Gorham of the
order division. Jack Plotkin, senior
reference librarian, has been elect
ed member at large on the execu
tive committee.
New officers have been elected by
members of the Library Staff Asso
ciation at Stanford University.
Edwin G. Leiser of the circulation
division has been selected as vice
president and president-elect of the
organization. He will hold these po
sitions during the next two years
and then assume the presidency at
the end of 1951.
President during the next two
years will be Mrs. LeVerne Cutler,
School of Mineral Sciences libra
rian, who has been vice-president
and president-elect under Mis.
Marion Stevick of the catalog divi
sion, retiring president.
Secretary-treasurer of the associ
ation is Charles R. Gorham of the
order division. Jack Plotkin, senior
reference librarian, has been elect
ed member at large on the execu
tive committee.
New officers have been elected by
members of the Library Staff Asso
ciation at Stanford University.
Edwin G. Leiser of the circulation
division has been selected as vice
president and president-elect of the
organization. He will hold these po
sitions during the next two years
and then assume the presidency at
the end of 1951.
President during the next two
years will be Mrs. LeVerne Cutler,
School of Mineral Sciences libra
rian, who has been vice-president
and president-elect under Mis.
Marion Stevick of the catalog divi
sion, retiring president.
Secretary-treasurer of the associ
ation is Charles R. Gorham of the
order division. Jack Plotkin, senior
reference librarian, has been elect
ed member at large on the execu
tive committee.
