# U.S.-Hungary Rift
## 
### 
W A S 111 N G T O N—The United
Stairs today ordered Hungarian
consu'atcs in New York and Cleve
land to be closed because of Com
munist Hungary's treatment of two
jailed Americans.
A sharp note charging gross vio
lation of the 1926 Hungarian-Amer
ican commercial and consular treaty
gave (he two establishments until
mir'night January 15 to shut down.
The brusque action forecast a
tougher attitude toward other So
viet bloc states where Americans
have been jailed as "spies" or have
dropped from sight.
W A S 111 N G T O N—The United
Stairs today ordered Hungarian
consu'atcs in New York and Cleve
land to be closed because of Com
munist Hungary's treatment of two
jailed Americans.
A sharp note charging gross vio
lation of the 1926 Hungarian-Amer
ican commercial and consular treaty
gave (he two establishments until
mir'night January 15 to shut down.
The brusque action forecast a
tougher attitude toward other So
viet bloc states where Americans
have been jailed as "spies" or have
dropped from sight.
W A S 111 N G T O N—The United
Stairs today ordered Hungarian
consu'atcs in New York and Cleve
land to be closed because of Com
munist Hungary's treatment of two
jailed Americans.
A sharp note charging gross vio
lation of the 1926 Hungarian-Amer
ican commercial and consular treaty
gave (he two establishments until
mir'night January 15 to shut down.
The brusque action forecast a
tougher attitude toward other So
viet bloc states where Americans
have been jailed as "spies" or have
dropped from sight.
W A S 111 N G T O N—The United
Stairs today ordered Hungarian
consu'atcs in New York and Cleve
land to be closed because of Com
munist Hungary's treatment of two
jailed Americans.
A sharp note charging gross vio
lation of the 1926 Hungarian-Amer
ican commercial and consular treaty
gave (he two establishments until
mir'night January 15 to shut down.
The brusque action forecast a
tougher attitude toward other So
viet bloc states where Americans
have been jailed as "spies" or have
dropped from sight.
W A S 111 N G T O N—The United
Stairs today ordered Hungarian
consu'atcs in New York and Cleve
land to be closed because of Com
munist Hungary's treatment of two
jailed Americans.
A sharp note charging gross vio
lation of the 1926 Hungarian-Amer
ican commercial and consular treaty
gave (he two establishments until
mir'night January 15 to shut down.
The brusque action forecast a
tougher attitude toward other So
viet bloc states where Americans
have been jailed as "spies" or have
dropped from sight.
W A S 111 N G T O N—The United
Stairs today ordered Hungarian
consu'atcs in New York and Cleve
land to be closed because of Com
munist Hungary's treatment of two
jailed Americans.
A sharp note charging gross vio
lation of the 1926 Hungarian-Amer
ican commercial and consular treaty
gave (he two establishments until
mir'night January 15 to shut down.
The brusque action forecast a
tougher attitude toward other So
viet bloc states where Americans
have been jailed as "spies" or have
dropped from sight.
W A S 111 N G T O N—The United
Stairs today ordered Hungarian
consu'atcs in New York and Cleve
land to be closed because of Com
munist Hungary's treatment of two
jailed Americans.
A sharp note charging gross vio
lation of the 1926 Hungarian-Amer
ican commercial and consular treaty
gave (he two establishments until
mir'night January 15 to shut down.
The brusque action forecast a
tougher attitude toward other So
viet bloc states where Americans
have been jailed as "spies" or have
dropped from sight.
W A S 111 N G T O N—The United
Stairs today ordered Hungarian
consu'atcs in New York and Cleve
land to be closed because of Com
munist Hungary's treatment of two
jailed Americans.
A sharp note charging gross vio
lation of the 1926 Hungarian-Amer
ican commercial and consular treaty
gave (he two establishments until
mir'night January 15 to shut down.
The brusque action forecast a
tougher attitude toward other So
viet bloc states where Americans
have been jailed as "spies" or have
dropped from sight.
W A S 111 N G T O N—The United
Stairs today ordered Hungarian
consu'atcs in New York and Cleve
land to be closed because of Com
munist Hungary's treatment of two
jailed Americans.
A sharp note charging gross vio
lation of the 1926 Hungarian-Amer
ican commercial and consular treaty
gave (he two establishments until
mir'night January 15 to shut down.
The brusque action forecast a
tougher attitude toward other So
viet bloc states where Americans
have been jailed as "spies" or have
dropped from sight.
W A S 111 N G T O N—The United
Stairs today ordered Hungarian
consu'atcs in New York and Cleve
land to be closed because of Com
munist Hungary's treatment of two
jailed Americans.
A sharp note charging gross vio
lation of the 1926 Hungarian-Amer
ican commercial and consular treaty
gave (he two establishments until
mir'night January 15 to shut down.
The brusque action forecast a
tougher attitude toward other So
viet bloc states where Americans
have been jailed as "spies" or have
dropped from sight.
W A S 111 N G T O N—The United
Stairs today ordered Hungarian
consu'atcs in New York and Cleve
land to be closed because of Com
munist Hungary's treatment of two
jailed Americans.
A sharp note charging gross vio
lation of the 1926 Hungarian-Amer
ican commercial and consular treaty
gave (he two establishments until
mir'night January 15 to shut down.
The brusque action forecast a
tougher attitude toward other So
viet bloc states where Americans
have been jailed as "spies" or have
dropped from sight.
W A S 111 N G T O N—The United
Stairs today ordered Hungarian
consu'atcs in New York and Cleve
land to be closed because of Com
munist Hungary's treatment of two
jailed Americans.
A sharp note charging gross vio
lation of the 1926 Hungarian-Amer
ican commercial and consular treaty
gave (he two establishments until
mir'night January 15 to shut down.
The brusque action forecast a
tougher attitude toward other So
viet bloc states where Americans
have been jailed as "spies" or have
dropped from sight.
W A S 111 N G T O N—The United
Stairs today ordered Hungarian
consu'atcs in New York and Cleve
land to be closed because of Com
munist Hungary's treatment of two
jailed Americans.
A sharp note charging gross vio
lation of the 1926 Hungarian-Amer
ican commercial and consular treaty
gave (he two establishments until
mir'night January 15 to shut down.
The brusque action forecast a
tougher attitude toward other So
viet bloc states where Americans
have been jailed as "spies" or have
dropped from sight.
W A S 111 N G T O N—The United
Stairs today ordered Hungarian
consu'atcs in New York and Cleve
land to be closed because of Com
munist Hungary's treatment of two
jailed Americans.
A sharp note charging gross vio
lation of the 1926 Hungarian-Amer
ican commercial and consular treaty
gave (he two establishments until
mir'night January 15 to shut down.
The brusque action forecast a
tougher attitude toward other So
viet bloc states where Americans
have been jailed as "spies" or have
dropped from sight.
