# Post-Season Rugby.
## 
### 
We hope that the post-season rugby
games will again be scheduled for the
remainder of the semester. Last fall

almost two hundred
men made up competi
tion which went a long
way toward securing

general participation in sports among
the students, and also created in the
minds of the faculty a less hostile atti
tude toward athletics which was based
on the objection that only a compara
tively few undergraduates took part
in them. California is following Stan
ford's lead of last year and an un
usually large program of post-season
games is planned at Berkeley. The
contests not only make for very
healthy rivalry among the different
clubs and organizations but also help
to reduce the amount of idleness that
is bound to be present on the campus
with the approach of Christmas vaca
tion. Moreover, We Need the Union.
We hope that the post-season rugby
games will again be scheduled for the
remainder of the semester. Last fall

almost two hundred
men made up competi
tion which went a long
way toward securing

general participation in sports among
the students, and also created in the
minds of the faculty a less hostile atti
tude toward athletics which was based
on the objection that only a compara
tively few undergraduates took part
in them. California is following Stan
ford's lead of last year and an un
usually large program of post-season
games is planned at Berkeley. The
contests not only make for very
healthy rivalry among the different
clubs and organizations but also help
to reduce the amount of idleness that
is bound to be present on the campus
with the approach of Christmas vaca
tion. Moreover, We Need the Union.
We hope that the post-season rugby
games will again be scheduled for the
remainder of the semester. Last fall

almost two hundred
men made up competi
tion which went a long
way toward securing

general participation in sports among
the students, and also created in the
minds of the faculty a less hostile atti
tude toward athletics which was based
on the objection that only a compara
tively few undergraduates took part
in them. California is following Stan
ford's lead of last year and an un
usually large program of post-season
games is planned at Berkeley. The
contests not only make for very
healthy rivalry among the different
clubs and organizations but also help
to reduce the amount of idleness that
is bound to be present on the campus
with the approach of Christmas vaca
tion. Moreover, We Need the Union.
We hope that the post-season rugby
games will again be scheduled for the
remainder of the semester. Last fall

almost two hundred
men made up competi
tion which went a long
way toward securing

general participation in sports among
the students, and also created in the
minds of the faculty a less hostile atti
tude toward athletics which was based
on the objection that only a compara
tively few undergraduates took part
in them. California is following Stan
ford's lead of last year and an un
usually large program of post-season
games is planned at Berkeley. The
contests not only make for very
healthy rivalry among the different
clubs and organizations but also help
to reduce the amount of idleness that
is bound to be present on the campus
with the approach of Christmas vaca
tion. Moreover, We Need the Union.
We hope that the post-season rugby
games will again be scheduled for the
remainder of the semester. Last fall

almost two hundred
men made up competi
tion which went a long
way toward securing

general participation in sports among
the students, and also created in the
minds of the faculty a less hostile atti
tude toward athletics which was based
on the objection that only a compara
tively few undergraduates took part
in them. California is following Stan
ford's lead of last year and an un
usually large program of post-season
games is planned at Berkeley. The
contests not only make for very
healthy rivalry among the different
clubs and organizations but also help
to reduce the amount of idleness that
is bound to be present on the campus
with the approach of Christmas vaca
tion. Moreover, We Need the Union.
We hope that the post-season rugby
games will again be scheduled for the
remainder of the semester. Last fall

almost two hundred
men made up competi
tion which went a long
way toward securing

general participation in sports among
the students, and also created in the
minds of the faculty a less hostile atti
tude toward athletics which was based
on the objection that only a compara
tively few undergraduates took part
in them. California is following Stan
ford's lead of last year and an un
usually large program of post-season
games is planned at Berkeley. The
contests not only make for very
healthy rivalry among the different
clubs and organizations but also help
to reduce the amount of idleness that
is bound to be present on the campus
with the approach of Christmas vaca
tion. Moreover, We Need the Union.
We hope that the post-season rugby
games will again be scheduled for the
remainder of the semester. Last fall

almost two hundred
men made up competi
tion which went a long
way toward securing

general participation in sports among
the students, and also created in the
minds of the faculty a less hostile atti
tude toward athletics which was based
on the objection that only a compara
tively few undergraduates took part
in them. California is following Stan
ford's lead of last year and an un
usually large program of post-season
games is planned at Berkeley. The
contests not only make for very
healthy rivalry among the different
clubs and organizations but also help
to reduce the amount of idleness that
is bound to be present on the campus
with the approach of Christmas vaca
tion. Moreover, We Need the Union.
We hope that the post-season rugby
games will again be scheduled for the
remainder of the semester. Last fall

almost two hundred
men made up competi
tion which went a long
way toward securing

general participation in sports among
the students, and also created in the
minds of the faculty a less hostile atti
tude toward athletics which was based
on the objection that only a compara
tively few undergraduates took part
in them. California is following Stan
ford's lead of last year and an un
usually large program of post-season
games is planned at Berkeley. The
contests not only make for very
healthy rivalry among the different
clubs and organizations but also help
to reduce the amount of idleness that
is bound to be present on the campus
with the approach of Christmas vaca
tion. Moreover, We Need the Union.
We hope that the post-season rugby
games will again be scheduled for the
remainder of the semester. Last fall

almost two hundred
men made up competi
tion which went a long
way toward securing

general participation in sports among
the students, and also created in the
minds of the faculty a less hostile atti
tude toward athletics which was based
on the objection that only a compara
tively few undergraduates took part
in them. California is following Stan
ford's lead of last year and an un
usually large program of post-season
games is planned at Berkeley. The
contests not only make for very
healthy rivalry among the different
clubs and organizations but also help
to reduce the amount of idleness that
is bound to be present on the campus
with the approach of Christmas vaca
tion. Moreover, We Need the Union.
We hope that the post-season rugby
games will again be scheduled for the
remainder of the semester. Last fall

almost two hundred
men made up competi
tion which went a long
way toward securing

general participation in sports among
the students, and also created in the
minds of the faculty a less hostile atti
tude toward athletics which was based
on the objection that only a compara
tively few undergraduates took part
in them. California is following Stan
ford's lead of last year and an un
usually large program of post-season
games is planned at Berkeley. The
contests not only make for very
healthy rivalry among the different
clubs and organizations but also help
to reduce the amount of idleness that
is bound to be present on the campus
with the approach of Christmas vaca
tion. Moreover, We Need the Union.
We hope that the post-season rugby
games will again be scheduled for the
remainder of the semester. Last fall

almost two hundred
men made up competi
tion which went a long
way toward securing

general participation in sports among
the students, and also created in the
minds of the faculty a less hostile atti
tude toward athletics which was based
on the objection that only a compara
tively few undergraduates took part
in them. California is following Stan
ford's lead of last year and an un
usually large program of post-season
games is planned at Berkeley. The
contests not only make for very
healthy rivalry among the different
clubs and organizations but also help
to reduce the amount of idleness that
is bound to be present on the campus
with the approach of Christmas vaca
tion. Moreover, We Need the Union.
We hope that the post-season rugby
games will again be scheduled for the
remainder of the semester. Last fall

almost two hundred
men made up competi
tion which went a long
way toward securing

general participation in sports among
the students, and also created in the
minds of the faculty a less hostile atti
tude toward athletics which was based
on the objection that only a compara
tively few undergraduates took part
in them. California is following Stan
ford's lead of last year and an un
usually large program of post-season
games is planned at Berkeley. The
contests not only make for very
healthy rivalry among the different
clubs and organizations but also help
to reduce the amount of idleness that
is bound to be present on the campus
with the approach of Christmas vaca
tion. Moreover, We Need the Union.
