# WOODROW WILSON CLUB TO BE ORGANIZED HERE.
## National Movement to Boost Democratic Possibility For Presidency Will Have Stanford Branch. 
### 
All men interested in the Wood row
Wilson presidential boom are request
ed to meet Friday in the lecture room
of the Law department for the pur
pose of organizing the Stanford branch
of the Woodrow Wilson League of Col
lege Men. This League is being built
ni) ill] over the United States in the
various colleges and universities of
the country. It is hoped to have prac
tically all the Leagues in runing order
by the fifteenth of this month, or as
near that date as possible.
The first branch of tho League was
organized some little time ago in the
University of Virginia. The State
University of South Carolina followed
soon after— The campaign is now
spreading all over the country.
Friday's meeting will consider the
work of organization, and the election
of officers. Professors as well as stu
dents are invited to attend. Eighth
"amendmenters" with Wilson proclivi
ties, will also be welcome at the
meeting.
All men interested in the Wood row
Wilson presidential boom are request
ed to meet Friday in the lecture room
of the Law department for the pur
pose of organizing the Stanford branch
of the Woodrow Wilson League of Col
lege Men. This League is being built
ni) ill] over the United States in the
various colleges and universities of
the country. It is hoped to have prac
tically all the Leagues in runing order
by the fifteenth of this month, or as
near that date as possible.
The first branch of tho League was
organized some little time ago in the
University of Virginia. The State
University of South Carolina followed
soon after— The campaign is now
spreading all over the country.
Friday's meeting will consider the
work of organization, and the election
of officers. Professors as well as stu
dents are invited to attend. Eighth
"amendmenters" with Wilson proclivi
ties, will also be welcome at the
meeting.
All men interested in the Wood row
Wilson presidential boom are request
ed to meet Friday in the lecture room
of the Law department for the pur
pose of organizing the Stanford branch
of the Woodrow Wilson League of Col
lege Men. This League is being built
ni) ill] over the United States in the
various colleges and universities of
the country. It is hoped to have prac
tically all the Leagues in runing order
by the fifteenth of this month, or as
near that date as possible.
The first branch of tho League was
organized some little time ago in the
University of Virginia. The State
University of South Carolina followed
soon after— The campaign is now
spreading all over the country.
Friday's meeting will consider the
work of organization, and the election
of officers. Professors as well as stu
dents are invited to attend. Eighth
"amendmenters" with Wilson proclivi
ties, will also be welcome at the
meeting.
All men interested in the Wood row
Wilson presidential boom are request
ed to meet Friday in the lecture room
of the Law department for the pur
pose of organizing the Stanford branch
of the Woodrow Wilson League of Col
lege Men. This League is being built
ni) ill] over the United States in the
various colleges and universities of
the country. It is hoped to have prac
tically all the Leagues in runing order
by the fifteenth of this month, or as
near that date as possible.
The first branch of tho League was
organized some little time ago in the
University of Virginia. The State
University of South Carolina followed
soon after— The campaign is now
spreading all over the country.
Friday's meeting will consider the
work of organization, and the election
of officers. Professors as well as stu
dents are invited to attend. Eighth
"amendmenters" with Wilson proclivi
ties, will also be welcome at the
meeting.
All men interested in the Wood row
Wilson presidential boom are request
ed to meet Friday in the lecture room
of the Law department for the pur
pose of organizing the Stanford branch
of the Woodrow Wilson League of Col
lege Men. This League is being built
ni) ill] over the United States in the
various colleges and universities of
the country. It is hoped to have prac
tically all the Leagues in runing order
by the fifteenth of this month, or as
near that date as possible.
The first branch of tho League was
organized some little time ago in the
University of Virginia. The State
University of South Carolina followed
soon after— The campaign is now
spreading all over the country.
Friday's meeting will consider the
work of organization, and the election
of officers. Professors as well as stu
dents are invited to attend. Eighth
"amendmenters" with Wilson proclivi
ties, will also be welcome at the
meeting.
All men interested in the Wood row
Wilson presidential boom are request
ed to meet Friday in the lecture room
of the Law department for the pur
pose of organizing the Stanford branch
of the Woodrow Wilson League of Col
lege Men. This League is being built
ni) ill] over the United States in the
various colleges and universities of
the country. It is hoped to have prac
tically all the Leagues in runing order
by the fifteenth of this month, or as
near that date as possible.
The first branch of tho League was
organized some little time ago in the
University of Virginia. The State
University of South Carolina followed
soon after— The campaign is now
spreading all over the country.
Friday's meeting will consider the
work of organization, and the election
of officers. Professors as well as stu
dents are invited to attend. Eighth
"amendmenters" with Wilson proclivi
ties, will also be welcome at the
meeting.
All men interested in the Wood row
Wilson presidential boom are request
ed to meet Friday in the lecture room
of the Law department for the pur
pose of organizing the Stanford branch
of the Woodrow Wilson League of Col
lege Men. This League is being built
ni) ill] over the United States in the
various colleges and universities of
the country. It is hoped to have prac
tically all the Leagues in runing order
by the fifteenth of this month, or as
near that date as possible.
The first branch of tho League was
organized some little time ago in the
University of Virginia. The State
University of South Carolina followed
soon after— The campaign is now
spreading all over the country.
Friday's meeting will consider the
work of organization, and the election
of officers. Professors as well as stu
dents are invited to attend. Eighth
"amendmenters" with Wilson proclivi
ties, will also be welcome at the
meeting.
All men interested in the Wood row
Wilson presidential boom are request
ed to meet Friday in the lecture room
of the Law department for the pur
pose of organizing the Stanford branch
of the Woodrow Wilson League of Col
lege Men. This League is being built
ni) ill] over the United States in the
various colleges and universities of
the country. It is hoped to have prac
tically all the Leagues in runing order
by the fifteenth of this month, or as
near that date as possible.
The first branch of tho League was
organized some little time ago in the
University of Virginia. The State
University of South Carolina followed
soon after— The campaign is now
spreading all over the country.
Friday's meeting will consider the
work of organization, and the election
of officers. Professors as well as stu
dents are invited to attend. Eighth
"amendmenters" with Wilson proclivi
ties, will also be welcome at the
meeting.
All men interested in the Wood row
Wilson presidential boom are request
ed to meet Friday in the lecture room
of the Law department for the pur
pose of organizing the Stanford branch
of the Woodrow Wilson League of Col
lege Men. This League is being built
ni) ill] over the United States in the
various colleges and universities of
the country. It is hoped to have prac
tically all the Leagues in runing order
by the fifteenth of this month, or as
near that date as possible.
The first branch of tho League was
organized some little time ago in the
University of Virginia. The State
University of South Carolina followed
soon after— The campaign is now
spreading all over the country.
Friday's meeting will consider the
work of organization, and the election
of officers. Professors as well as stu
dents are invited to attend. Eighth
"amendmenters" with Wilson proclivi
ties, will also be welcome at the
meeting.
All men interested in the Wood row
Wilson presidential boom are request
ed to meet Friday in the lecture room
of the Law department for the pur
pose of organizing the Stanford branch
of the Woodrow Wilson League of Col
lege Men. This League is being built
ni) ill] over the United States in the
various colleges and universities of
the country. It is hoped to have prac
tically all the Leagues in runing order
by the fifteenth of this month, or as
near that date as possible.
The first branch of tho League was
organized some little time ago in the
University of Virginia. The State
University of South Carolina followed
soon after— The campaign is now
spreading all over the country.
Friday's meeting will consider the
work of organization, and the election
of officers. Professors as well as stu
dents are invited to attend. Eighth
"amendmenters" with Wilson proclivi
ties, will also be welcome at the
meeting.
All men interested in the Wood row
Wilson presidential boom are request
ed to meet Friday in the lecture room
of the Law department for the pur
pose of organizing the Stanford branch
of the Woodrow Wilson League of Col
lege Men. This League is being built
ni) ill] over the United States in the
various colleges and universities of
the country. It is hoped to have prac
tically all the Leagues in runing order
by the fifteenth of this month, or as
near that date as possible.
The first branch of tho League was
organized some little time ago in the
University of Virginia. The State
University of South Carolina followed
soon after— The campaign is now
spreading all over the country.
Friday's meeting will consider the
work of organization, and the election
of officers. Professors as well as stu
dents are invited to attend. Eighth
"amendmenters" with Wilson proclivi
ties, will also be welcome at the
meeting.
All men interested in the Wood row
Wilson presidential boom are request
ed to meet Friday in the lecture room
of the Law department for the pur
pose of organizing the Stanford branch
of the Woodrow Wilson League of Col
lege Men. This League is being built
ni) ill] over the United States in the
various colleges and universities of
the country. It is hoped to have prac
tically all the Leagues in runing order
by the fifteenth of this month, or as
near that date as possible.
The first branch of tho League was
organized some little time ago in the
University of Virginia. The State
University of South Carolina followed
soon after— The campaign is now
spreading all over the country.
Friday's meeting will consider the
work of organization, and the election
of officers. Professors as well as stu
dents are invited to attend. Eighth
"amendmenters" with Wilson proclivi
ties, will also be welcome at the
meeting.
