# Hitchcock vs. Palo Alto High.
## 
### 
Next Saturday, November 18, at 2
p.m., on Stanford Field, Hitchcock
Military Academy, who are North
western Sub-League champions, will
battle with Palo Alto High, the Penin
sula winners. The game will decide
who has the right to meet Mission
ftigh to decide the North California
championship.
Next Saturday, November 18, at 2
p.m., on Stanford Field, Hitchcock
Military Academy, who are North
western Sub-League champions, will
battle with Palo Alto High, the Penin
sula winners. The game will decide
who has the right to meet Mission
ftigh to decide the North California
championship.
Next Saturday, November 18, at 2
p.m., on Stanford Field, Hitchcock
Military Academy, who are North
western Sub-League champions, will
battle with Palo Alto High, the Penin
sula winners. The game will decide
who has the right to meet Mission
ftigh to decide the North California
championship.
Next Saturday, November 18, at 2
p.m., on Stanford Field, Hitchcock
Military Academy, who are North
western Sub-League champions, will
battle with Palo Alto High, the Penin
sula winners. The game will decide
who has the right to meet Mission
ftigh to decide the North California
championship.
Next Saturday, November 18, at 2
p.m., on Stanford Field, Hitchcock
Military Academy, who are North
western Sub-League champions, will
battle with Palo Alto High, the Penin
sula winners. The game will decide
who has the right to meet Mission
ftigh to decide the North California
championship.
Next Saturday, November 18, at 2
p.m., on Stanford Field, Hitchcock
Military Academy, who are North
western Sub-League champions, will
battle with Palo Alto High, the Penin
sula winners. The game will decide
who has the right to meet Mission
ftigh to decide the North California
championship.
Next Saturday, November 18, at 2
p.m., on Stanford Field, Hitchcock
Military Academy, who are North
western Sub-League champions, will
battle with Palo Alto High, the Penin
sula winners. The game will decide
who has the right to meet Mission
ftigh to decide the North California
championship.
Next Saturday, November 18, at 2
p.m., on Stanford Field, Hitchcock
Military Academy, who are North
western Sub-League champions, will
battle with Palo Alto High, the Penin
sula winners. The game will decide
who has the right to meet Mission
ftigh to decide the North California
championship.
Next Saturday, November 18, at 2
p.m., on Stanford Field, Hitchcock
Military Academy, who are North
western Sub-League champions, will
battle with Palo Alto High, the Penin
sula winners. The game will decide
who has the right to meet Mission
ftigh to decide the North California
championship.
Next Saturday, November 18, at 2
p.m., on Stanford Field, Hitchcock
Military Academy, who are North
western Sub-League champions, will
battle with Palo Alto High, the Penin
sula winners. The game will decide
who has the right to meet Mission
ftigh to decide the North California
championship.
Next Saturday, November 18, at 2
p.m., on Stanford Field, Hitchcock
Military Academy, who are North
western Sub-League champions, will
battle with Palo Alto High, the Penin
sula winners. The game will decide
who has the right to meet Mission
ftigh to decide the North California
championship.
Next Saturday, November 18, at 2
p.m., on Stanford Field, Hitchcock
Military Academy, who are North
western Sub-League champions, will
battle with Palo Alto High, the Penin
sula winners. The game will decide
who has the right to meet Mission
ftigh to decide the North California
championship.
