# MONDAY
## 
### 
CHIC?
No, it was Sheik Has
san Mohammad who
donated $1 million to
the Medical Center for
cancer research.
Page 12
CHIC?
No, it was Sheik Has
san Mohammad who
donated $1 million to
the Medical Center for
cancer research.
Page 12
CHIC?
No, it was Sheik Has
san Mohammad who
donated $1 million to
the Medical Center for
cancer research.
Page 12
CHIC?
No, it was Sheik Has
san Mohammad who
donated $1 million to
the Medical Center for
cancer research.
Page 12
CHIC?
No, it was Sheik Has
san Mohammad who
donated $1 million to
the Medical Center for
cancer research.
Page 12
CHIC?
No, it was Sheik Has
san Mohammad who
donated $1 million to
the Medical Center for
cancer research.
Page 12
CHIC?
No, it was Sheik Has
san Mohammad who
donated $1 million to
the Medical Center for
cancer research.
Page 12
CHIC?
No, it was Sheik Has
san Mohammad who
donated $1 million to
the Medical Center for
cancer research.
Page 12
