# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
FROM ABROAD
All manner of smart color
combinations. Some with
dash . . . some with re
straint ... all from Eng
land and Scotland (so, of
course, plaid patterns
dominate). Fine cash
meres and rugged wools.
$1.95 to $6.00. See them
in our windows.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA. PALO ALTO
FROM ABROAD
All manner of smart color
combinations. Some with
dash . . . some with re
straint ... all from Eng
land and Scotland (so, of
course, plaid patterns
dominate). Fine cash
meres and rugged wools.
$1.95 to $6.00. See them
in our windows.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA. PALO ALTO
FROM ABROAD
All manner of smart color
combinations. Some with
dash . . . some with re
straint ... all from Eng
land and Scotland (so, of
course, plaid patterns
dominate). Fine cash
meres and rugged wools.
$1.95 to $6.00. See them
in our windows.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA. PALO ALTO
FROM ABROAD
All manner of smart color
combinations. Some with
dash . . . some with re
straint ... all from Eng
land and Scotland (so, of
course, plaid patterns
dominate). Fine cash
meres and rugged wools.
$1.95 to $6.00. See them
in our windows.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA. PALO ALTO
FROM ABROAD
All manner of smart color
combinations. Some with
dash . . . some with re
straint ... all from Eng
land and Scotland (so, of
course, plaid patterns
dominate). Fine cash
meres and rugged wools.
$1.95 to $6.00. See them
in our windows.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA. PALO ALTO
FROM ABROAD
All manner of smart color
combinations. Some with
dash . . . some with re
straint ... all from Eng
land and Scotland (so, of
course, plaid patterns
dominate). Fine cash
meres and rugged wools.
$1.95 to $6.00. See them
in our windows.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA. PALO ALTO
FROM ABROAD
All manner of smart color
combinations. Some with
dash . . . some with re
straint ... all from Eng
land and Scotland (so, of
course, plaid patterns
dominate). Fine cash
meres and rugged wools.
$1.95 to $6.00. See them
in our windows.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA. PALO ALTO
FROM ABROAD
All manner of smart color
combinations. Some with
dash . . . some with re
straint ... all from Eng
land and Scotland (so, of
course, plaid patterns
dominate). Fine cash
meres and rugged wools.
$1.95 to $6.00. See them
in our windows.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA. PALO ALTO
FROM ABROAD
All manner of smart color
combinations. Some with
dash . . . some with re
straint ... all from Eng
land and Scotland (so, of
course, plaid patterns
dominate). Fine cash
meres and rugged wools.
$1.95 to $6.00. See them
in our windows.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA. PALO ALTO
FROM ABROAD
All manner of smart color
combinations. Some with
dash . . . some with re
straint ... all from Eng
land and Scotland (so, of
course, plaid patterns
dominate). Fine cash
meres and rugged wools.
$1.95 to $6.00. See them
in our windows.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA. PALO ALTO
FROM ABROAD
All manner of smart color
combinations. Some with
dash . . . some with re
straint ... all from Eng
land and Scotland (so, of
course, plaid patterns
dominate). Fine cash
meres and rugged wools.
$1.95 to $6.00. See them
in our windows.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA. PALO ALTO
FROM ABROAD
All manner of smart color
combinations. Some with
dash . . . some with re
straint ... all from Eng
land and Scotland (so, of
course, plaid patterns
dominate). Fine cash
meres and rugged wools.
$1.95 to $6.00. See them
in our windows.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA. PALO ALTO
FROM ABROAD
All manner of smart color
combinations. Some with
dash . . . some with re
straint ... all from Eng
land and Scotland (so, of
course, plaid patterns
dominate). Fine cash
meres and rugged wools.
$1.95 to $6.00. See them
in our windows.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA. PALO ALTO
FROM ABROAD
All manner of smart color
combinations. Some with
dash . . . some with re
straint ... all from Eng
land and Scotland (so, of
course, plaid patterns
dominate). Fine cash
meres and rugged wools.
$1.95 to $6.00. See them
in our windows.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA. PALO ALTO
FROM ABROAD
All manner of smart color
combinations. Some with
dash . . . some with re
straint ... all from Eng
land and Scotland (so, of
course, plaid patterns
dominate). Fine cash
meres and rugged wools.
$1.95 to $6.00. See them
in our windows.
PHELPS-TERKEL
538 RAMONA. PALO ALTO
