# VINES A PRO
## 
### 
Californium's Ellsworth Vines has
signed for a series of professional
tennis matches with "Big Bill" Til
den, according to the Associated
Press.
The sliir. Californian amateur will
make his debut in a feature match
with Tild« n at Madison Square aGr
i den, January 10.
Californium's Ellsworth Vines has
signed for a series of professional
tennis matches with "Big Bill" Til
den, according to the Associated
Press.
The sliir. Californian amateur will
make his debut in a feature match
with Tild« n at Madison Square aGr
i den, January 10.
Californium's Ellsworth Vines has
signed for a series of professional
tennis matches with "Big Bill" Til
den, according to the Associated
Press.
The sliir. Californian amateur will
make his debut in a feature match
with Tild« n at Madison Square aGr
i den, January 10.
Californium's Ellsworth Vines has
signed for a series of professional
tennis matches with "Big Bill" Til
den, according to the Associated
Press.
The sliir. Californian amateur will
make his debut in a feature match
with Tild« n at Madison Square aGr
i den, January 10.
Californium's Ellsworth Vines has
signed for a series of professional
tennis matches with "Big Bill" Til
den, according to the Associated
Press.
The sliir. Californian amateur will
make his debut in a feature match
with Tild« n at Madison Square aGr
i den, January 10.
Californium's Ellsworth Vines has
signed for a series of professional
tennis matches with "Big Bill" Til
den, according to the Associated
Press.
The sliir. Californian amateur will
make his debut in a feature match
with Tild« n at Madison Square aGr
i den, January 10.
Californium's Ellsworth Vines has
signed for a series of professional
tennis matches with "Big Bill" Til
den, according to the Associated
Press.
The sliir. Californian amateur will
make his debut in a feature match
with Tild« n at Madison Square aGr
i den, January 10.
Californium's Ellsworth Vines has
signed for a series of professional
tennis matches with "Big Bill" Til
den, according to the Associated
Press.
The sliir. Californian amateur will
make his debut in a feature match
with Tild« n at Madison Square aGr
i den, January 10.
Californium's Ellsworth Vines has
signed for a series of professional
tennis matches with "Big Bill" Til
den, according to the Associated
Press.
The sliir. Californian amateur will
make his debut in a feature match
with Tild« n at Madison Square aGr
i den, January 10.
Californium's Ellsworth Vines has
signed for a series of professional
tennis matches with "Big Bill" Til
den, according to the Associated
Press.
The sliir. Californian amateur will
make his debut in a feature match
with Tild« n at Madison Square aGr
i den, January 10.
Californium's Ellsworth Vines has
signed for a series of professional
tennis matches with "Big Bill" Til
den, according to the Associated
Press.
The sliir. Californian amateur will
make his debut in a feature match
with Tild« n at Madison Square aGr
i den, January 10.
Californium's Ellsworth Vines has
signed for a series of professional
tennis matches with "Big Bill" Til
den, according to the Associated
Press.
The sliir. Californian amateur will
make his debut in a feature match
with Tild« n at Madison Square aGr
i den, January 10.
Californium's Ellsworth Vines has
signed for a series of professional
tennis matches with "Big Bill" Til
den, according to the Associated
Press.
The sliir. Californian amateur will
make his debut in a feature match
with Tild« n at Madison Square aGr
i den, January 10.
Californium's Ellsworth Vines has
signed for a series of professional
tennis matches with "Big Bill" Til
den, according to the Associated
Press.
The sliir. Californian amateur will
make his debut in a feature match
with Tild« n at Madison Square aGr
i den, January 10.
Californium's Ellsworth Vines has
signed for a series of professional
tennis matches with "Big Bill" Til
den, according to the Associated
Press.
The sliir. Californian amateur will
make his debut in a feature match
with Tild« n at Madison Square aGr
i den, January 10.
