# Whitfield Announces Last Call for Quad Tryoutees
## 
### 
Issuing a last call for aspirants
to the Quad managerial staff, Busi
ness Manager Hal Whitfield an
nounced that a tryoutee meeting
will be held Tuesday night at 7:30
o'clock. The place: Quad office on
the second floor of the Press Build
ing. Freshmen and sophomores are
especially urged to attend, women
as well as men.
Issuing a last call for aspirants
to the Quad managerial staff, Busi
ness Manager Hal Whitfield an
nounced that a tryoutee meeting
will be held Tuesday night at 7:30
o'clock. The place: Quad office on
the second floor of the Press Build
ing. Freshmen and sophomores are
especially urged to attend, women
as well as men.
Issuing a last call for aspirants
to the Quad managerial staff, Busi
ness Manager Hal Whitfield an
nounced that a tryoutee meeting
will be held Tuesday night at 7:30
o'clock. The place: Quad office on
the second floor of the Press Build
ing. Freshmen and sophomores are
especially urged to attend, women
as well as men.
Issuing a last call for aspirants
to the Quad managerial staff, Busi
ness Manager Hal Whitfield an
nounced that a tryoutee meeting
will be held Tuesday night at 7:30
o'clock. The place: Quad office on
the second floor of the Press Build
ing. Freshmen and sophomores are
especially urged to attend, women
as well as men.
Issuing a last call for aspirants
to the Quad managerial staff, Busi
ness Manager Hal Whitfield an
nounced that a tryoutee meeting
will be held Tuesday night at 7:30
o'clock. The place: Quad office on
the second floor of the Press Build
ing. Freshmen and sophomores are
especially urged to attend, women
as well as men.
Issuing a last call for aspirants
to the Quad managerial staff, Busi
ness Manager Hal Whitfield an
nounced that a tryoutee meeting
will be held Tuesday night at 7:30
o'clock. The place: Quad office on
the second floor of the Press Build
ing. Freshmen and sophomores are
especially urged to attend, women
as well as men.
Issuing a last call for aspirants
to the Quad managerial staff, Busi
ness Manager Hal Whitfield an
nounced that a tryoutee meeting
will be held Tuesday night at 7:30
o'clock. The place: Quad office on
the second floor of the Press Build
ing. Freshmen and sophomores are
especially urged to attend, women
as well as men.
Issuing a last call for aspirants
to the Quad managerial staff, Busi
ness Manager Hal Whitfield an
nounced that a tryoutee meeting
will be held Tuesday night at 7:30
o'clock. The place: Quad office on
the second floor of the Press Build
ing. Freshmen and sophomores are
especially urged to attend, women
as well as men.
Issuing a last call for aspirants
to the Quad managerial staff, Busi
ness Manager Hal Whitfield an
nounced that a tryoutee meeting
will be held Tuesday night at 7:30
o'clock. The place: Quad office on
the second floor of the Press Build
ing. Freshmen and sophomores are
especially urged to attend, women
as well as men.
Issuing a last call for aspirants
to the Quad managerial staff, Busi
ness Manager Hal Whitfield an
nounced that a tryoutee meeting
will be held Tuesday night at 7:30
o'clock. The place: Quad office on
the second floor of the Press Build
ing. Freshmen and sophomores are
especially urged to attend, women
as well as men.
Issuing a last call for aspirants
to the Quad managerial staff, Busi
ness Manager Hal Whitfield an
nounced that a tryoutee meeting
will be held Tuesday night at 7:30
o'clock. The place: Quad office on
the second floor of the Press Build
ing. Freshmen and sophomores are
especially urged to attend, women
as well as men.
Issuing a last call for aspirants
to the Quad managerial staff, Busi
ness Manager Hal Whitfield an
nounced that a tryoutee meeting
will be held Tuesday night at 7:30
o'clock. The place: Quad office on
the second floor of the Press Build
ing. Freshmen and sophomores are
especially urged to attend, women
as well as men.
Issuing a last call for aspirants
to the Quad managerial staff, Busi
ness Manager Hal Whitfield an
nounced that a tryoutee meeting
will be held Tuesday night at 7:30
o'clock. The place: Quad office on
the second floor of the Press Build
ing. Freshmen and sophomores are
especially urged to attend, women
as well as men.
Issuing a last call for aspirants
to the Quad managerial staff, Busi
ness Manager Hal Whitfield an
nounced that a tryoutee meeting
will be held Tuesday night at 7:30
o'clock. The place: Quad office on
the second floor of the Press Build
ing. Freshmen and sophomores are
especially urged to attend, women
as well as men.
Issuing a last call for aspirants
to the Quad managerial staff, Busi
ness Manager Hal Whitfield an
nounced that a tryoutee meeting
will be held Tuesday night at 7:30
o'clock. The place: Quad office on
the second floor of the Press Build
ing. Freshmen and sophomores are
especially urged to attend, women
as well as men.
