# Hawaiian Club Movie
## 
### 
The Hawaiian Club will show a
movie, "Sun, Surf, and Study," on
the University of Hawaii Summer
School tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium. Door prizes, entertain
ment, dancing, and refreshments
will follow the movie. Admission is
free.
The Hawaiian Club will show a
movie, "Sun, Surf, and Study," on
the University of Hawaii Summer
School tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium. Door prizes, entertain
ment, dancing, and refreshments
will follow the movie. Admission is
free.
The Hawaiian Club will show a
movie, "Sun, Surf, and Study," on
the University of Hawaii Summer
School tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium. Door prizes, entertain
ment, dancing, and refreshments
will follow the movie. Admission is
free.
The Hawaiian Club will show a
movie, "Sun, Surf, and Study," on
the University of Hawaii Summer
School tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium. Door prizes, entertain
ment, dancing, and refreshments
will follow the movie. Admission is
free.
The Hawaiian Club will show a
movie, "Sun, Surf, and Study," on
the University of Hawaii Summer
School tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium. Door prizes, entertain
ment, dancing, and refreshments
will follow the movie. Admission is
free.
The Hawaiian Club will show a
movie, "Sun, Surf, and Study," on
the University of Hawaii Summer
School tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium. Door prizes, entertain
ment, dancing, and refreshments
will follow the movie. Admission is
free.
The Hawaiian Club will show a
movie, "Sun, Surf, and Study," on
the University of Hawaii Summer
School tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium. Door prizes, entertain
ment, dancing, and refreshments
will follow the movie. Admission is
free.
The Hawaiian Club will show a
movie, "Sun, Surf, and Study," on
the University of Hawaii Summer
School tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium. Door prizes, entertain
ment, dancing, and refreshments
will follow the movie. Admission is
free.
The Hawaiian Club will show a
movie, "Sun, Surf, and Study," on
the University of Hawaii Summer
School tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium. Door prizes, entertain
ment, dancing, and refreshments
will follow the movie. Admission is
free.
The Hawaiian Club will show a
movie, "Sun, Surf, and Study," on
the University of Hawaii Summer
School tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium. Door prizes, entertain
ment, dancing, and refreshments
will follow the movie. Admission is
free.
The Hawaiian Club will show a
movie, "Sun, Surf, and Study," on
the University of Hawaii Summer
School tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium. Door prizes, entertain
ment, dancing, and refreshments
will follow the movie. Admission is
free.
The Hawaiian Club will show a
movie, "Sun, Surf, and Study," on
the University of Hawaii Summer
School tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium. Door prizes, entertain
ment, dancing, and refreshments
will follow the movie. Admission is
free.
The Hawaiian Club will show a
movie, "Sun, Surf, and Study," on
the University of Hawaii Summer
School tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium. Door prizes, entertain
ment, dancing, and refreshments
will follow the movie. Admission is
free.
The Hawaiian Club will show a
movie, "Sun, Surf, and Study," on
the University of Hawaii Summer
School tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium. Door prizes, entertain
ment, dancing, and refreshments
will follow the movie. Admission is
free.
The Hawaiian Club will show a
movie, "Sun, Surf, and Study," on
the University of Hawaii Summer
School tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium. Door prizes, entertain
ment, dancing, and refreshments
will follow the movie. Admission is
free.
