# Historic Meeting
## 
### 

DISCUSSION SCENE Harry Lunn, national president of the National Students' Association
speaks before Excom on Nov. 10, the night that Excom voted 10 to 3 to establish permanent
, membership in that organization. —Daily photo by Ken Green.

DISCUSSION SCENE Harry Lunn, national president of the National Students' Association
speaks before Excom on Nov. 10, the night that Excom voted 10 to 3 to establish permanent
, membership in that organization. —Daily photo by Ken Green.

DISCUSSION SCENE Harry Lunn, national president of the National Students' Association
speaks before Excom on Nov. 10, the night that Excom voted 10 to 3 to establish permanent
, membership in that organization. —Daily photo by Ken Green.

DISCUSSION SCENE Harry Lunn, national president of the National Students' Association
speaks before Excom on Nov. 10, the night that Excom voted 10 to 3 to establish permanent
, membership in that organization. —Daily photo by Ken Green.

DISCUSSION SCENE Harry Lunn, national president of the National Students' Association
speaks before Excom on Nov. 10, the night that Excom voted 10 to 3 to establish permanent
, membership in that organization. —Daily photo by Ken Green.

DISCUSSION SCENE Harry Lunn, national president of the National Students' Association
speaks before Excom on Nov. 10, the night that Excom voted 10 to 3 to establish permanent
, membership in that organization. —Daily photo by Ken Green.

DISCUSSION SCENE Harry Lunn, national president of the National Students' Association
speaks before Excom on Nov. 10, the night that Excom voted 10 to 3 to establish permanent
, membership in that organization. —Daily photo by Ken Green.

DISCUSSION SCENE Harry Lunn, national president of the National Students' Association
speaks before Excom on Nov. 10, the night that Excom voted 10 to 3 to establish permanent
, membership in that organization. —Daily photo by Ken Green.

DISCUSSION SCENE Harry Lunn, national president of the National Students' Association
speaks before Excom on Nov. 10, the night that Excom voted 10 to 3 to establish permanent
, membership in that organization. —Daily photo by Ken Green.

DISCUSSION SCENE Harry Lunn, national president of the National Students' Association
speaks before Excom on Nov. 10, the night that Excom voted 10 to 3 to establish permanent
, membership in that organization. —Daily photo by Ken Green.

DISCUSSION SCENE Harry Lunn, national president of the National Students' Association
speaks before Excom on Nov. 10, the night that Excom voted 10 to 3 to establish permanent
, membership in that organization. —Daily photo by Ken Green.

DISCUSSION SCENE Harry Lunn, national president of the National Students' Association
speaks before Excom on Nov. 10, the night that Excom voted 10 to 3 to establish permanent
, membership in that organization. —Daily photo by Ken Green.

DISCUSSION SCENE Harry Lunn, national president of the National Students' Association
speaks before Excom on Nov. 10, the night that Excom voted 10 to 3 to establish permanent
, membership in that organization. —Daily photo by Ken Green.

DISCUSSION SCENE Harry Lunn, national president of the National Students' Association
speaks before Excom on Nov. 10, the night that Excom voted 10 to 3 to establish permanent
, membership in that organization. —Daily photo by Ken Green.

DISCUSSION SCENE Harry Lunn, national president of the National Students' Association
speaks before Excom on Nov. 10, the night that Excom voted 10 to 3 to establish permanent
, membership in that organization. —Daily photo by Ken Green.
