# Position of Goat-Buyer For Argentine Republic Given Stanford Alumna
## 
### 
Irraagarde Richards, '02, has been
made official goat-buyer for the gov
ernment of Argentina. She is now in
San Francisco preparing for her de
parture with a herd of forty fine-bred
goats for Buenos Aires.
Miss Richards, who has been con
ducting a goat farm at Montara, San
Mateo county, was approached by the
Argentine commission through the
consul at San Francisco. A $10,000
appropriation was made by the South
American republic for the purchase of
the goats, which are to be used to
supply milk for tubercular children.
Miss Richards received her A. B. in
Greek at Stanford in 1902, and her
master's degree in the same depart
ment in 1904. She was later professor
of Greek and Latin at Mills College.
For a number of years, however, she
has been studying goat-raising, and is
considered the best authority in Cali
fornia on that subject.
Irraagarde Richards, '02, has been
made official goat-buyer for the gov
ernment of Argentina. She is now in
San Francisco preparing for her de
parture with a herd of forty fine-bred
goats for Buenos Aires.
Miss Richards, who has been con
ducting a goat farm at Montara, San
Mateo county, was approached by the
Argentine commission through the
consul at San Francisco. A $10,000
appropriation was made by the South
American republic for the purchase of
the goats, which are to be used to
supply milk for tubercular children.
Miss Richards received her A. B. in
Greek at Stanford in 1902, and her
master's degree in the same depart
ment in 1904. She was later professor
of Greek and Latin at Mills College.
For a number of years, however, she
has been studying goat-raising, and is
considered the best authority in Cali
fornia on that subject.
Irraagarde Richards, '02, has been
made official goat-buyer for the gov
ernment of Argentina. She is now in
San Francisco preparing for her de
parture with a herd of forty fine-bred
goats for Buenos Aires.
Miss Richards, who has been con
ducting a goat farm at Montara, San
Mateo county, was approached by the
Argentine commission through the
consul at San Francisco. A $10,000
appropriation was made by the South
American republic for the purchase of
the goats, which are to be used to
supply milk for tubercular children.
Miss Richards received her A. B. in
Greek at Stanford in 1902, and her
master's degree in the same depart
ment in 1904. She was later professor
of Greek and Latin at Mills College.
For a number of years, however, she
has been studying goat-raising, and is
considered the best authority in Cali
fornia on that subject.
Irraagarde Richards, '02, has been
made official goat-buyer for the gov
ernment of Argentina. She is now in
San Francisco preparing for her de
parture with a herd of forty fine-bred
goats for Buenos Aires.
Miss Richards, who has been con
ducting a goat farm at Montara, San
Mateo county, was approached by the
Argentine commission through the
consul at San Francisco. A $10,000
appropriation was made by the South
American republic for the purchase of
the goats, which are to be used to
supply milk for tubercular children.
Miss Richards received her A. B. in
Greek at Stanford in 1902, and her
master's degree in the same depart
ment in 1904. She was later professor
of Greek and Latin at Mills College.
For a number of years, however, she
has been studying goat-raising, and is
considered the best authority in Cali
fornia on that subject.
Irraagarde Richards, '02, has been
made official goat-buyer for the gov
ernment of Argentina. She is now in
San Francisco preparing for her de
parture with a herd of forty fine-bred
goats for Buenos Aires.
Miss Richards, who has been con
ducting a goat farm at Montara, San
Mateo county, was approached by the
Argentine commission through the
consul at San Francisco. A $10,000
appropriation was made by the South
American republic for the purchase of
the goats, which are to be used to
supply milk for tubercular children.
Miss Richards received her A. B. in
Greek at Stanford in 1902, and her
master's degree in the same depart
ment in 1904. She was later professor
of Greek and Latin at Mills College.
For a number of years, however, she
has been studying goat-raising, and is
considered the best authority in Cali
fornia on that subject.
Irraagarde Richards, '02, has been
made official goat-buyer for the gov
ernment of Argentina. She is now in
San Francisco preparing for her de
parture with a herd of forty fine-bred
goats for Buenos Aires.
Miss Richards, who has been con
ducting a goat farm at Montara, San
Mateo county, was approached by the
Argentine commission through the
consul at San Francisco. A $10,000
appropriation was made by the South
American republic for the purchase of
the goats, which are to be used to
supply milk for tubercular children.
Miss Richards received her A. B. in
Greek at Stanford in 1902, and her
master's degree in the same depart
ment in 1904. She was later professor
of Greek and Latin at Mills College.
For a number of years, however, she
has been studying goat-raising, and is
considered the best authority in Cali
fornia on that subject.
Irraagarde Richards, '02, has been
made official goat-buyer for the gov
ernment of Argentina. She is now in
San Francisco preparing for her de
parture with a herd of forty fine-bred
goats for Buenos Aires.
Miss Richards, who has been con
ducting a goat farm at Montara, San
Mateo county, was approached by the
Argentine commission through the
consul at San Francisco. A $10,000
appropriation was made by the South
American republic for the purchase of
the goats, which are to be used to
supply milk for tubercular children.
Miss Richards received her A. B. in
Greek at Stanford in 1902, and her
master's degree in the same depart
ment in 1904. She was later professor
of Greek and Latin at Mills College.
For a number of years, however, she
has been studying goat-raising, and is
considered the best authority in Cali
fornia on that subject.
Irraagarde Richards, '02, has been
made official goat-buyer for the gov
ernment of Argentina. She is now in
San Francisco preparing for her de
parture with a herd of forty fine-bred
goats for Buenos Aires.
Miss Richards, who has been con
ducting a goat farm at Montara, San
Mateo county, was approached by the
Argentine commission through the
consul at San Francisco. A $10,000
appropriation was made by the South
American republic for the purchase of
the goats, which are to be used to
supply milk for tubercular children.
Miss Richards received her A. B. in
Greek at Stanford in 1902, and her
master's degree in the same depart
ment in 1904. She was later professor
of Greek and Latin at Mills College.
For a number of years, however, she
has been studying goat-raising, and is
considered the best authority in Cali
fornia on that subject.
Irraagarde Richards, '02, has been
made official goat-buyer for the gov
ernment of Argentina. She is now in
San Francisco preparing for her de
parture with a herd of forty fine-bred
goats for Buenos Aires.
Miss Richards, who has been con
ducting a goat farm at Montara, San
Mateo county, was approached by the
Argentine commission through the
consul at San Francisco. A $10,000
appropriation was made by the South
American republic for the purchase of
the goats, which are to be used to
supply milk for tubercular children.
Miss Richards received her A. B. in
Greek at Stanford in 1902, and her
master's degree in the same depart
ment in 1904. She was later professor
of Greek and Latin at Mills College.
For a number of years, however, she
has been studying goat-raising, and is
considered the best authority in Cali
fornia on that subject.
Irraagarde Richards, '02, has been
made official goat-buyer for the gov
ernment of Argentina. She is now in
San Francisco preparing for her de
parture with a herd of forty fine-bred
goats for Buenos Aires.
Miss Richards, who has been con
ducting a goat farm at Montara, San
Mateo county, was approached by the
Argentine commission through the
consul at San Francisco. A $10,000
appropriation was made by the South
American republic for the purchase of
the goats, which are to be used to
supply milk for tubercular children.
Miss Richards received her A. B. in
Greek at Stanford in 1902, and her
master's degree in the same depart
ment in 1904. She was later professor
of Greek and Latin at Mills College.
For a number of years, however, she
has been studying goat-raising, and is
considered the best authority in Cali
fornia on that subject.
Irraagarde Richards, '02, has been
made official goat-buyer for the gov
ernment of Argentina. She is now in
San Francisco preparing for her de
parture with a herd of forty fine-bred
goats for Buenos Aires.
Miss Richards, who has been con
ducting a goat farm at Montara, San
Mateo county, was approached by the
Argentine commission through the
consul at San Francisco. A $10,000
appropriation was made by the South
American republic for the purchase of
the goats, which are to be used to
supply milk for tubercular children.
Miss Richards received her A. B. in
Greek at Stanford in 1902, and her
master's degree in the same depart
ment in 1904. She was later professor
of Greek and Latin at Mills College.
For a number of years, however, she
has been studying goat-raising, and is
considered the best authority in Cali
fornia on that subject.
Irraagarde Richards, '02, has been
made official goat-buyer for the gov
ernment of Argentina. She is now in
San Francisco preparing for her de
parture with a herd of forty fine-bred
goats for Buenos Aires.
Miss Richards, who has been con
ducting a goat farm at Montara, San
Mateo county, was approached by the
Argentine commission through the
consul at San Francisco. A $10,000
appropriation was made by the South
American republic for the purchase of
the goats, which are to be used to
supply milk for tubercular children.
Miss Richards received her A. B. in
Greek at Stanford in 1902, and her
master's degree in the same depart
ment in 1904. She was later professor
of Greek and Latin at Mills College.
For a number of years, however, she
has been studying goat-raising, and is
considered the best authority in Cali
fornia on that subject.
Irraagarde Richards, '02, has been
made official goat-buyer for the gov
ernment of Argentina. She is now in
San Francisco preparing for her de
parture with a herd of forty fine-bred
goats for Buenos Aires.
Miss Richards, who has been con
ducting a goat farm at Montara, San
Mateo county, was approached by the
Argentine commission through the
consul at San Francisco. A $10,000
appropriation was made by the South
American republic for the purchase of
the goats, which are to be used to
supply milk for tubercular children.
Miss Richards received her A. B. in
Greek at Stanford in 1902, and her
master's degree in the same depart
ment in 1904. She was later professor
of Greek and Latin at Mills College.
For a number of years, however, she
has been studying goat-raising, and is
considered the best authority in Cali
fornia on that subject.
Irraagarde Richards, '02, has been
made official goat-buyer for the gov
ernment of Argentina. She is now in
San Francisco preparing for her de
parture with a herd of forty fine-bred
goats for Buenos Aires.
Miss Richards, who has been con
ducting a goat farm at Montara, San
Mateo county, was approached by the
Argentine commission through the
consul at San Francisco. A $10,000
appropriation was made by the South
American republic for the purchase of
the goats, which are to be used to
supply milk for tubercular children.
Miss Richards received her A. B. in
Greek at Stanford in 1902, and her
master's degree in the same depart
ment in 1904. She was later professor
of Greek and Latin at Mills College.
For a number of years, however, she
has been studying goat-raising, and is
considered the best authority in Cali
fornia on that subject.
Irraagarde Richards, '02, has been
made official goat-buyer for the gov
ernment of Argentina. She is now in
San Francisco preparing for her de
parture with a herd of forty fine-bred
goats for Buenos Aires.
Miss Richards, who has been con
ducting a goat farm at Montara, San
Mateo county, was approached by the
Argentine commission through the
consul at San Francisco. A $10,000
appropriation was made by the South
American republic for the purchase of
the goats, which are to be used to
supply milk for tubercular children.
Miss Richards received her A. B. in
Greek at Stanford in 1902, and her
master's degree in the same depart
ment in 1904. She was later professor
of Greek and Latin at Mills College.
For a number of years, however, she
has been studying goat-raising, and is
considered the best authority in Cali
fornia on that subject.
