# Only Negro Congressman Wins On Republican Ticket
## 
### 
CHICAGO, Nov. !) (A*)— Oscar De
Priest, only negro representative in
Congress, was one of the few Re
publican Congressmen from Illinois
to be returned in yesterday's elec
tion. De Priest, representing the 1
first district which includes Chi
cago's Loop, won with a majority ;
of 5,000 over a Democrat and n
Communist.
CHICAGO, Nov. !) (A*)— Oscar De
Priest, only negro representative in
Congress, was one of the few Re
publican Congressmen from Illinois
to be returned in yesterday's elec
tion. De Priest, representing the 1
first district which includes Chi
cago's Loop, won with a majority ;
of 5,000 over a Democrat and n
Communist.
CHICAGO, Nov. !) (A*)— Oscar De
Priest, only negro representative in
Congress, was one of the few Re
publican Congressmen from Illinois
to be returned in yesterday's elec
tion. De Priest, representing the 1
first district which includes Chi
cago's Loop, won with a majority ;
of 5,000 over a Democrat and n
Communist.
CHICAGO, Nov. !) (A*)— Oscar De
Priest, only negro representative in
Congress, was one of the few Re
publican Congressmen from Illinois
to be returned in yesterday's elec
tion. De Priest, representing the 1
first district which includes Chi
cago's Loop, won with a majority ;
of 5,000 over a Democrat and n
Communist.
CHICAGO, Nov. !) (A*)— Oscar De
Priest, only negro representative in
Congress, was one of the few Re
publican Congressmen from Illinois
to be returned in yesterday's elec
tion. De Priest, representing the 1
first district which includes Chi
cago's Loop, won with a majority ;
of 5,000 over a Democrat and n
Communist.
CHICAGO, Nov. !) (A*)— Oscar De
Priest, only negro representative in
Congress, was one of the few Re
publican Congressmen from Illinois
to be returned in yesterday's elec
tion. De Priest, representing the 1
first district which includes Chi
cago's Loop, won with a majority ;
of 5,000 over a Democrat and n
Communist.
CHICAGO, Nov. !) (A*)— Oscar De
Priest, only negro representative in
Congress, was one of the few Re
publican Congressmen from Illinois
to be returned in yesterday's elec
tion. De Priest, representing the 1
first district which includes Chi
cago's Loop, won with a majority ;
of 5,000 over a Democrat and n
Communist.
CHICAGO, Nov. !) (A*)— Oscar De
Priest, only negro representative in
Congress, was one of the few Re
publican Congressmen from Illinois
to be returned in yesterday's elec
tion. De Priest, representing the 1
first district which includes Chi
cago's Loop, won with a majority ;
of 5,000 over a Democrat and n
Communist.
CHICAGO, Nov. !) (A*)— Oscar De
Priest, only negro representative in
Congress, was one of the few Re
publican Congressmen from Illinois
to be returned in yesterday's elec
tion. De Priest, representing the 1
first district which includes Chi
cago's Loop, won with a majority ;
of 5,000 over a Democrat and n
Communist.
CHICAGO, Nov. !) (A*)— Oscar De
Priest, only negro representative in
Congress, was one of the few Re
publican Congressmen from Illinois
to be returned in yesterday's elec
tion. De Priest, representing the 1
first district which includes Chi
cago's Loop, won with a majority ;
of 5,000 over a Democrat and n
Communist.
CHICAGO, Nov. !) (A*)— Oscar De
Priest, only negro representative in
Congress, was one of the few Re
publican Congressmen from Illinois
to be returned in yesterday's elec
tion. De Priest, representing the 1
first district which includes Chi
cago's Loop, won with a majority ;
of 5,000 over a Democrat and n
Communist.
CHICAGO, Nov. !) (A*)— Oscar De
Priest, only negro representative in
Congress, was one of the few Re
publican Congressmen from Illinois
to be returned in yesterday's elec
tion. De Priest, representing the 1
first district which includes Chi
cago's Loop, won with a majority ;
of 5,000 over a Democrat and n
Communist.
CHICAGO, Nov. !) (A*)— Oscar De
Priest, only negro representative in
Congress, was one of the few Re
publican Congressmen from Illinois
to be returned in yesterday's elec
tion. De Priest, representing the 1
first district which includes Chi
cago's Loop, won with a majority ;
of 5,000 over a Democrat and n
Communist.
CHICAGO, Nov. !) (A*)— Oscar De
Priest, only negro representative in
Congress, was one of the few Re
publican Congressmen from Illinois
to be returned in yesterday's elec
tion. De Priest, representing the 1
first district which includes Chi
cago's Loop, won with a majority ;
of 5,000 over a Democrat and n
Communist.
CHICAGO, Nov. !) (A*)— Oscar De
Priest, only negro representative in
Congress, was one of the few Re
publican Congressmen from Illinois
to be returned in yesterday's elec
tion. De Priest, representing the 1
first district which includes Chi
cago's Loop, won with a majority ;
of 5,000 over a Democrat and n
Communist.
CHICAGO, Nov. !) (A*)— Oscar De
Priest, only negro representative in
Congress, was one of the few Re
publican Congressmen from Illinois
to be returned in yesterday's elec
tion. De Priest, representing the 1
first district which includes Chi
cago's Loop, won with a majority ;
of 5,000 over a Democrat and n
Communist.
