# Post-Election Stock Mart Drops One To Four Points
## 
### 
NEW YORK, Nov. 9 (/P>â€”A brief
buying wave in the first few inin
utec of trading was followed by a
rather sharp decline in the stock
market today, but sel'ing soon
abated, and the list drifted apa
thetically during the afternoon
hours. The close was heavy, with
numerous losses of 1 to 4 points.
The turnover approximated 1,300,000
shares.
The post election market was in
contrast to advances which followed
preceding national elections, but the
result, according to the view in sev
eral brokerage quarters, had been
rather widely anticipated in ad
vance, and with political uncertain
ties settled, Wall Street attention
again turned to business conditions
and prospects of financial legisla
tion at the December session of the
old congress.
