# WIFE OF STALIN DIES
## 
### 
MOSCOW, Nov. 9 t/P) —Nadya A i
liluieva, wife of Joseph Stalin, died
last night, it. was announced today
by the Tass agency, official soviet
news organization.
MOSCOW, Nov. 9 t/P) —Nadya A i
liluieva, wife of Joseph Stalin, died
last night, it. was announced today
by the Tass agency, official soviet
news organization.
MOSCOW, Nov. 9 t/P) —Nadya A i
liluieva, wife of Joseph Stalin, died
last night, it. was announced today
by the Tass agency, official soviet
news organization.
MOSCOW, Nov. 9 t/P) —Nadya A i
liluieva, wife of Joseph Stalin, died
last night, it. was announced today
by the Tass agency, official soviet
news organization.
MOSCOW, Nov. 9 t/P) —Nadya A i
liluieva, wife of Joseph Stalin, died
last night, it. was announced today
by the Tass agency, official soviet
news organization.
MOSCOW, Nov. 9 t/P) —Nadya A i
liluieva, wife of Joseph Stalin, died
last night, it. was announced today
by the Tass agency, official soviet
news organization.
MOSCOW, Nov. 9 t/P) —Nadya A i
liluieva, wife of Joseph Stalin, died
last night, it. was announced today
by the Tass agency, official soviet
news organization.
MOSCOW, Nov. 9 t/P) —Nadya A i
liluieva, wife of Joseph Stalin, died
last night, it. was announced today
by the Tass agency, official soviet
news organization.
MOSCOW, Nov. 9 t/P) —Nadya A i
liluieva, wife of Joseph Stalin, died
last night, it. was announced today
by the Tass agency, official soviet
news organization.
MOSCOW, Nov. 9 t/P) —Nadya A i
liluieva, wife of Joseph Stalin, died
last night, it. was announced today
by the Tass agency, official soviet
news organization.
MOSCOW, Nov. 9 t/P) —Nadya A i
liluieva, wife of Joseph Stalin, died
last night, it. was announced today
by the Tass agency, official soviet
news organization.
MOSCOW, Nov. 9 t/P) —Nadya A i
liluieva, wife of Joseph Stalin, died
last night, it. was announced today
by the Tass agency, official soviet
news organization.
MOSCOW, Nov. 9 t/P) —Nadya A i
liluieva, wife of Joseph Stalin, died
last night, it. was announced today
by the Tass agency, official soviet
news organization.
MOSCOW, Nov. 9 t/P) —Nadya A i
liluieva, wife of Joseph Stalin, died
last night, it. was announced today
by the Tass agency, official soviet
news organization.
MOSCOW, Nov. 9 t/P) —Nadya A i
liluieva, wife of Joseph Stalin, died
last night, it. was announced today
by the Tass agency, official soviet
news organization.
MOSCOW, Nov. 9 t/P) —Nadya A i
liluieva, wife of Joseph Stalin, died
last night, it. was announced today
by the Tass agency, official soviet
news organization.
