# HORINE IS NAMED ON ALL-AMERICA TEAM
## Cardinal Athlete is Rated as Best Collegiate High Jumper in the Country. 
### 
Stanford has been given one repre
sentative upon the all-star collego
track team of America for 1911 picked
by J. E. Sullivan, leading authority
011 track and field athletics In this
country. G. L. Horine, '13, the Car
dinal high jumper, is the athlete se
lected from this University. Two
other men from California are chosen
as being the best in their respective
events. These are F. H. Allen in the
running broad jump and C. E. Shat
tuch in the hammer-throw. Both are
members of the Blue and Gold track
team.
The other college champions are
picked from the Eastern universities
and colleges.
Sullivan also selects an nil-Ameri
can championship team. But two
westerners, O. Snedigar of the Olym
pic club and J. W. Donahue. oÂ£ thi.
Los Angeles Athletic club, are honor
ed. The former ranks best in the
javelin throw and the latter is given
a place in the all-around class.
