# Adv. 14 Page 9
## 
### 
tryTypers.com
Be a part of ground-breaking
business research! Unique
historical data on corporate
bonds are being complied at the
Graduate School of Business and
your RA can be invaluable.
$15/ hour. E-mail Professor llya
Strebulaev @ the GSB:
istrebulaev@stanford.edu
Seeking part-time companion for
older woman in MR near Safeway 4-
6hrs/wk @$20/ hr. Requires car-i-ref
erences. Email Casey:
alt.caseyc@gmail.com
Want to be a manager for the
Women's Lacrosse team? Get
units+travel with the team. Email
Michelle: mdechant@stanford.edu
WEEKEND EMPLOYMENT-
Camp Counselors needed for
residential camping program
serving children and adults with
disabilities. If you are
interested in a challenging and
rewarding experience, please
contact 408-243-7861 or
www.viaservices.org
Girl's Lacrosse Coaches Needed
Gunn High School
Great Program, Flexible Hours To
