# Adv. 8 Page 3
## 
### 
c„ ■■■ ri '"l
mA /O>A
(|V\
JESSE STAFFORD
One of Brunswick's Big Ten
JUBILEE
...honoring Wm.Fox's 25th
Theatrica I Anniversary...
tomorrow night, October
iBth...in the majestically
pillared Palm Court... roy
stering rhythmic merriment
...Rube Wolf an J Sunkist
Beauties. ..dr eeing eight
o'clock till c .4.
R' <rv« Now
t- •" • " :
Th<
ML ACE
Hotel San Francisco
Management, HALSEY E. MANWARING
c„ ■■■ ri '"l
mA /O>A
(|V\
JESSE STAFFORD
One of Brunswick's Big Ten
JUBILEE
...honoring Wm.Fox's 25th
Theatrica I Anniversary...
tomorrow night, October
iBth...in the majestically
pillared Palm Court... roy
stering rhythmic merriment
...Rube Wolf an J Sunkist
Beauties. ..dr eeing eight
o'clock till c .4.
R' <rv« Now
t- •" • " :
Th<
ML ACE
Hotel San Francisco
Management, HALSEY E. MANWARING
c„ ■■■ ri '"l
mA /O>A
(|V\
JESSE STAFFORD
One of Brunswick's Big Ten
JUBILEE
...honoring Wm.Fox's 25th
Theatrica I Anniversary...
tomorrow night, October
iBth...in the majestically
pillared Palm Court... roy
stering rhythmic merriment
...Rube Wolf an J Sunkist
Beauties. ..dr eeing eight
o'clock till c .4.
R' <rv« Now
t- •" • " :
Th<
ML ACE
Hotel San Francisco
Management, HALSEY E. MANWARING
c„ ■■■ ri '"l
mA /O>A
(|V\
JESSE STAFFORD
One of Brunswick's Big Ten
JUBILEE
...honoring Wm.Fox's 25th
Theatrica I Anniversary...
tomorrow night, October
iBth...in the majestically
pillared Palm Court... roy
stering rhythmic merriment
...Rube Wolf an J Sunkist
Beauties. ..dr eeing eight
o'clock till c .4.
R' <rv« Now
t- •" • " :
Th<
ML ACE
Hotel San Francisco
Management, HALSEY E. MANWARING
c„ ■■■ ri '"l
mA /O>A
(|V\
JESSE STAFFORD
One of Brunswick's Big Ten
JUBILEE
...honoring Wm.Fox's 25th
Theatrica I Anniversary...
tomorrow night, October
iBth...in the majestically
pillared Palm Court... roy
stering rhythmic merriment
...Rube Wolf an J Sunkist
Beauties. ..dr eeing eight
o'clock till c .4.
R' <rv« Now
t- •" • " :
Th<
ML ACE
Hotel San Francisco
Management, HALSEY E. MANWARING
c„ ■■■ ri '"l
mA /O>A
(|V\
JESSE STAFFORD
One of Brunswick's Big Ten
JUBILEE
...honoring Wm.Fox's 25th
Theatrica I Anniversary...
tomorrow night, October
iBth...in the majestically
pillared Palm Court... roy
stering rhythmic merriment
...Rube Wolf an J Sunkist
Beauties. ..dr eeing eight
o'clock till c .4.
R' <rv« Now
t- •" • " :
Th<
ML ACE
Hotel San Francisco
Management, HALSEY E. MANWARING
c„ ■■■ ri '"l
mA /O>A
(|V\
JESSE STAFFORD
One of Brunswick's Big Ten
JUBILEE
...honoring Wm.Fox's 25th
Theatrica I Anniversary...
tomorrow night, October
iBth...in the majestically
pillared Palm Court... roy
stering rhythmic merriment
...Rube Wolf an J Sunkist
Beauties. ..dr eeing eight
o'clock till c .4.
R' <rv« Now
t- •" • " :
Th<
ML ACE
Hotel San Francisco
Management, HALSEY E. MANWARING
c„ ■■■ ri '"l
mA /O>A
(|V\
JESSE STAFFORD
One of Brunswick's Big Ten
JUBILEE
...honoring Wm.Fox's 25th
Theatrica I Anniversary...
tomorrow night, October
iBth...in the majestically
pillared Palm Court... roy
stering rhythmic merriment
...Rube Wolf an J Sunkist
Beauties. ..dr eeing eight
o'clock till c .4.
R' <rv« Now
t- •" • " :
Th<
ML ACE
Hotel San Francisco
Management, HALSEY E. MANWARING
c„ ■■■ ri '"l
mA /O>A
(|V\
JESSE STAFFORD
One of Brunswick's Big Ten
JUBILEE
...honoring Wm.Fox's 25th
Theatrica I Anniversary...
tomorrow night, October
iBth...in the majestically
pillared Palm Court... roy
stering rhythmic merriment
...Rube Wolf an J Sunkist
Beauties. ..dr eeing eight
o'clock till c .4.
R' <rv« Now
t- •" • " :
Th<
ML ACE
Hotel San Francisco
Management, HALSEY E. MANWARING
c„ ■■■ ri '"l
mA /O>A
(|V\
JESSE STAFFORD
One of Brunswick's Big Ten
JUBILEE
...honoring Wm.Fox's 25th
Theatrica I Anniversary...
tomorrow night, October
iBth...in the majestically
pillared Palm Court... roy
stering rhythmic merriment
...Rube Wolf an J Sunkist
Beauties. ..dr eeing eight
o'clock till c .4.
R' <rv« Now
t- •" • " :
Th<
ML ACE
Hotel San Francisco
Management, HALSEY E. MANWARING
c„ ■■■ ri '"l
mA /O>A
(|V\
JESSE STAFFORD
One of Brunswick's Big Ten
JUBILEE
...honoring Wm.Fox's 25th
Theatrica I Anniversary...
tomorrow night, October
iBth...in the majestically
pillared Palm Court... roy
stering rhythmic merriment
...Rube Wolf an J Sunkist
Beauties. ..dr eeing eight
o'clock till c .4.
R' <rv« Now
t- •" • " :
Th<
ML ACE
Hotel San Francisco
Management, HALSEY E. MANWARING
c„ ■■■ ri '"l
mA /O>A
(|V\
JESSE STAFFORD
One of Brunswick's Big Ten
JUBILEE
...honoring Wm.Fox's 25th
Theatrica I Anniversary...
tomorrow night, October
iBth...in the majestically
pillared Palm Court... roy
stering rhythmic merriment
...Rube Wolf an J Sunkist
Beauties. ..dr eeing eight
o'clock till c .4.
R' <rv« Now
t- •" • " :
Th<
ML ACE
Hotel San Francisco
Management, HALSEY E. MANWARING
c„ ■■■ ri '"l
mA /O>A
(|V\
JESSE STAFFORD
One of Brunswick's Big Ten
JUBILEE
...honoring Wm.Fox's 25th
Theatrica I Anniversary...
tomorrow night, October
iBth...in the majestically
pillared Palm Court... roy
stering rhythmic merriment
...Rube Wolf an J Sunkist
Beauties. ..dr eeing eight
o'clock till c .4.
R' <rv« Now
t- •" • " :
Th<
ML ACE
Hotel San Francisco
Management, HALSEY E. MANWARING
c„ ■■■ ri '"l
mA /O>A
(|V\
JESSE STAFFORD
One of Brunswick's Big Ten
JUBILEE
...honoring Wm.Fox's 25th
Theatrica I Anniversary...
tomorrow night, October
iBth...in the majestically
pillared Palm Court... roy
stering rhythmic merriment
...Rube Wolf an J Sunkist
Beauties. ..dr eeing eight
o'clock till c .4.
R' <rv« Now
t- •" • " :
Th<
ML ACE
Hotel San Francisco
Management, HALSEY E. MANWARING
c„ ■■■ ri '"l
mA /O>A
(|V\
JESSE STAFFORD
One of Brunswick's Big Ten
JUBILEE
...honoring Wm.Fox's 25th
Theatrica I Anniversary...
tomorrow night, October
iBth...in the majestically
pillared Palm Court... roy
stering rhythmic merriment
...Rube Wolf an J Sunkist
Beauties. ..dr eeing eight
o'clock till c .4.
R' <rv« Now
t- •" • " :
Th<
ML ACE
Hotel San Francisco
Management, HALSEY E. MANWARING
c„ ■■■ ri '"l
mA /O>A
(|V\
JESSE STAFFORD
One of Brunswick's Big Ten
JUBILEE
...honoring Wm.Fox's 25th
Theatrica I Anniversary...
tomorrow night, October
iBth...in the majestically
pillared Palm Court... roy
stering rhythmic merriment
...Rube Wolf an J Sunkist
Beauties. ..dr eeing eight
o'clock till c .4.
R' <rv« Now
t- •" • " :
Th<
ML ACE
Hotel San Francisco
Management, HALSEY E. MANWARING
c„ ■■■ ri '"l
mA /O>A
(|V\
JESSE STAFFORD
One of Brunswick's Big Ten
JUBILEE
...honoring Wm.Fox's 25th
Theatrica I Anniversary...
tomorrow night, October
iBth...in the majestically
pillared Palm Court... roy
stering rhythmic merriment
...Rube Wolf an J Sunkist
Beauties. ..dr eeing eight
o'clock till c .4.
R' <rv« Now
t- •" • " :
Th<
ML ACE
Hotel San Francisco
Management, HALSEY E. MANWARING
