# MALONEY MAY START NEGOTIATIONS FOR WEST POINT BOXING MATCHES
## 
### 
If authorized by Dr. Storey and
Graduate Manager A 1 Masters, Harry
Maloney, Stanford boxing coacli, will
reopen negotiations within the next
week to bring the West Point boxing
squad here. When Major Fleming and
Captain "Biff" Jones, Army athletic
heads, were here this summer, the
proposed meeting of the two boxing
teams was discussed, but since then
Major Fleming has been succeeded
by a new man in the post of Athletic
Manager.
Provided official sanction is ob
tained, Harry Maloney will attempt
to have the Cadet boxing squad ac
company the West Point football team
West. The intercollegiate match would
take place in the Pavilion the night
before the gridiron clash. Previous
negotiations were well received, so if
authorization for the matches can be
secured here at Stanford, the chances
are that the boxing squads will meet.
Such an encounter would mark the
first time that any representative
Eastern and Western college boxing

West have fared well enough in iiv
tersectional track, swimming, tennis,
and football competition, and would
undoubtedly uphold its reputation in
the leather-pushing game,
