# STANFORD FELLOWSHIP AFTERNOON TEAS WILL CONTINUE DURING YEAR
## 
### 
After three days* trial, the Stanford
Fellowship teas, held on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse every
afternoon between 4:30 and 5:30, have
been deemed successful and are to be
continued throughout the year. These
teas ofter a much-needed opportunity
for students to meet informally with
professors on a friendly and un-aca
demic basis.
Thus far a, surprising number of
students have been attending the af
ternoon sessions in order to mingle
with their professors in the casual
atmosphere of the tea hour. Yester
day George Young of the British Dip
lomatic Corps, who is giving a series
of lectures on the campus, Professor
E. E. Robinson, head of the History
department, and Professor H. D. Roe
loffs were numbered among the
guests.
The teas are open to all students
and members of the faculty.
