# MARTIAL LAW
## 
### 
BORGER, Texas, Oct. 16. (/P) —Bor-
der's "army of occupation" looked for
ward today to marching home again
sometime tomorrow after the sudden
decision yesterday of Mayor Glenn A.
Pace and Sheriff Joe Ownbey to re
sign.

TOKIO, Oct. 15. (/P) —Japan'B own
"world series" for which the average
attendance exceeded that in America
was decided today at the Meiji Shrine
Stadium. Waseda University defeated
Ktiio, C to 3, in the third and final
game of a series for the national
intercollegiate baseball championship.
BORGER, Texas, Oct. 16. (/P) —Bor-
der's "army of occupation" looked for
ward today to marching home again
sometime tomorrow after the sudden
decision yesterday of Mayor Glenn A.
Pace and Sheriff Joe Ownbey to re
sign.

TOKIO, Oct. 15. (/P) —Japan'B own
"world series" for which the average
attendance exceeded that in America
was decided today at the Meiji Shrine
Stadium. Waseda University defeated
Ktiio, C to 3, in the third and final
game of a series for the national
intercollegiate baseball championship.
BORGER, Texas, Oct. 16. (/P) —Bor-
der's "army of occupation" looked for
ward today to marching home again
sometime tomorrow after the sudden
decision yesterday of Mayor Glenn A.
Pace and Sheriff Joe Ownbey to re
sign.

TOKIO, Oct. 15. (/P) —Japan'B own
"world series" for which the average
attendance exceeded that in America
was decided today at the Meiji Shrine
Stadium. Waseda University defeated
Ktiio, C to 3, in the third and final
game of a series for the national
intercollegiate baseball championship.
BORGER, Texas, Oct. 16. (/P) —Bor-
der's "army of occupation" looked for
ward today to marching home again
sometime tomorrow after the sudden
decision yesterday of Mayor Glenn A.
Pace and Sheriff Joe Ownbey to re
sign.

TOKIO, Oct. 15. (/P) —Japan'B own
"world series" for which the average
attendance exceeded that in America
was decided today at the Meiji Shrine
Stadium. Waseda University defeated
Ktiio, C to 3, in the third and final
game of a series for the national
intercollegiate baseball championship.
BORGER, Texas, Oct. 16. (/P) —Bor-
der's "army of occupation" looked for
ward today to marching home again
sometime tomorrow after the sudden
decision yesterday of Mayor Glenn A.
Pace and Sheriff Joe Ownbey to re
sign.

TOKIO, Oct. 15. (/P) —Japan'B own
"world series" for which the average
attendance exceeded that in America
was decided today at the Meiji Shrine
Stadium. Waseda University defeated
Ktiio, C to 3, in the third and final
game of a series for the national
intercollegiate baseball championship.
BORGER, Texas, Oct. 16. (/P) —Bor-
der's "army of occupation" looked for
ward today to marching home again
sometime tomorrow after the sudden
decision yesterday of Mayor Glenn A.
Pace and Sheriff Joe Ownbey to re
sign.

TOKIO, Oct. 15. (/P) —Japan'B own
"world series" for which the average
attendance exceeded that in America
was decided today at the Meiji Shrine
Stadium. Waseda University defeated
Ktiio, C to 3, in the third and final
game of a series for the national
intercollegiate baseball championship.
BORGER, Texas, Oct. 16. (/P) —Bor-
der's "army of occupation" looked for
ward today to marching home again
sometime tomorrow after the sudden
decision yesterday of Mayor Glenn A.
Pace and Sheriff Joe Ownbey to re
sign.

TOKIO, Oct. 15. (/P) —Japan'B own
"world series" for which the average
attendance exceeded that in America
was decided today at the Meiji Shrine
Stadium. Waseda University defeated
Ktiio, C to 3, in the third and final
game of a series for the national
intercollegiate baseball championship.
BORGER, Texas, Oct. 16. (/P) —Bor-
der's "army of occupation" looked for
ward today to marching home again
sometime tomorrow after the sudden
decision yesterday of Mayor Glenn A.
Pace and Sheriff Joe Ownbey to re
sign.

TOKIO, Oct. 15. (/P) —Japan'B own
"world series" for which the average
attendance exceeded that in America
was decided today at the Meiji Shrine
Stadium. Waseda University defeated
Ktiio, C to 3, in the third and final
game of a series for the national
intercollegiate baseball championship.
BORGER, Texas, Oct. 16. (/P) —Bor-
der's "army of occupation" looked for
ward today to marching home again
sometime tomorrow after the sudden
decision yesterday of Mayor Glenn A.
Pace and Sheriff Joe Ownbey to re
sign.

TOKIO, Oct. 15. (/P) —Japan'B own
"world series" for which the average
attendance exceeded that in America
was decided today at the Meiji Shrine
Stadium. Waseda University defeated
Ktiio, C to 3, in the third and final
game of a series for the national
intercollegiate baseball championship.
BORGER, Texas, Oct. 16. (/P) —Bor-
der's "army of occupation" looked for
ward today to marching home again
sometime tomorrow after the sudden
decision yesterday of Mayor Glenn A.
Pace and Sheriff Joe Ownbey to re
sign.

TOKIO, Oct. 15. (/P) —Japan'B own
"world series" for which the average
attendance exceeded that in America
was decided today at the Meiji Shrine
Stadium. Waseda University defeated
Ktiio, C to 3, in the third and final
game of a series for the national
intercollegiate baseball championship.
BORGER, Texas, Oct. 16. (/P) —Bor-
der's "army of occupation" looked for
ward today to marching home again
sometime tomorrow after the sudden
decision yesterday of Mayor Glenn A.
Pace and Sheriff Joe Ownbey to re
sign.

TOKIO, Oct. 15. (/P) —Japan'B own
"world series" for which the average
attendance exceeded that in America
was decided today at the Meiji Shrine
Stadium. Waseda University defeated
Ktiio, C to 3, in the third and final
game of a series for the national
intercollegiate baseball championship.
BORGER, Texas, Oct. 16. (/P) —Bor-
der's "army of occupation" looked for
ward today to marching home again
sometime tomorrow after the sudden
decision yesterday of Mayor Glenn A.
Pace and Sheriff Joe Ownbey to re
sign.

TOKIO, Oct. 15. (/P) —Japan'B own
"world series" for which the average
attendance exceeded that in America
was decided today at the Meiji Shrine
Stadium. Waseda University defeated
Ktiio, C to 3, in the third and final
game of a series for the national
intercollegiate baseball championship.
BORGER, Texas, Oct. 16. (/P) —Bor-
der's "army of occupation" looked for
ward today to marching home again
sometime tomorrow after the sudden
decision yesterday of Mayor Glenn A.
Pace and Sheriff Joe Ownbey to re
sign.

TOKIO, Oct. 15. (/P) —Japan'B own
"world series" for which the average
attendance exceeded that in America
was decided today at the Meiji Shrine
Stadium. Waseda University defeated
Ktiio, C to 3, in the third and final
game of a series for the national
intercollegiate baseball championship.
BORGER, Texas, Oct. 16. (/P) —Bor-
der's "army of occupation" looked for
ward today to marching home again
sometime tomorrow after the sudden
decision yesterday of Mayor Glenn A.
Pace and Sheriff Joe Ownbey to re
sign.

TOKIO, Oct. 15. (/P) —Japan'B own
"world series" for which the average
attendance exceeded that in America
was decided today at the Meiji Shrine
Stadium. Waseda University defeated
Ktiio, C to 3, in the third and final
game of a series for the national
intercollegiate baseball championship.
BORGER, Texas, Oct. 16. (/P) —Bor-
der's "army of occupation" looked for
ward today to marching home again
sometime tomorrow after the sudden
decision yesterday of Mayor Glenn A.
Pace and Sheriff Joe Ownbey to re
sign.

TOKIO, Oct. 15. (/P) —Japan'B own
"world series" for which the average
attendance exceeded that in America
was decided today at the Meiji Shrine
Stadium. Waseda University defeated
Ktiio, C to 3, in the third and final
game of a series for the national
intercollegiate baseball championship.
BORGER, Texas, Oct. 16. (/P) —Bor-
der's "army of occupation" looked for
ward today to marching home again
sometime tomorrow after the sudden
decision yesterday of Mayor Glenn A.
Pace and Sheriff Joe Ownbey to re
sign.

TOKIO, Oct. 15. (/P) —Japan'B own
"world series" for which the average
attendance exceeded that in America
was decided today at the Meiji Shrine
Stadium. Waseda University defeated
Ktiio, C to 3, in the third and final
game of a series for the national
intercollegiate baseball championship.
BORGER, Texas, Oct. 16. (/P) —Bor-
der's "army of occupation" looked for
ward today to marching home again
sometime tomorrow after the sudden
decision yesterday of Mayor Glenn A.
Pace and Sheriff Joe Ownbey to re
sign.

TOKIO, Oct. 15. (/P) —Japan'B own
"world series" for which the average
attendance exceeded that in America
was decided today at the Meiji Shrine
Stadium. Waseda University defeated
Ktiio, C to 3, in the third and final
game of a series for the national
intercollegiate baseball championship.
