# PSYCHOLOGY CONGRESS HAS FAMOUS MENTAL EXPERTS AS SPEAKERS
## 
### 
Of outstanding human interest
among the many speeches at the In
ternational Congress of Psychologists
at Yale University last month was the
address of Professor Alexander Pav
lov, noted psychologist and physiolo
gist from Leningrad, Russia, accord
ing to Dr. Lewis M. Terman, head of
the Psychology department. His ad
dress to the Congress was entirely in
Russian, and was extemporaneously
translated into English by Professor
Anrep of Cambridge University.
Pavlov was but one of 120 distin
guished foreign mental experts who
attended this gathering, the ninth tri
ennial congress. All the delegates
were lodged in Yale's Harkness Me
morial dormitory and ate in the Yale
Commons. Stanford's representatives
were Professors Calvin P. Stone,
Lewis M. Terman, Walter R. Miles,
Paul R. Farnsworth, and John E.
Cooper.
The highest point of psychological
research presented at the congress,
according to Professor Miles, was
reached when Professor Karl Lasliley
of the University of Chicago spoke
on "Basal Neural Meclinisms in Be
havior." Professor Lashley is presi
dent of the American Psychological
Association, which combined its an
nual Christmas meeting with the con
gress this year.
Of outstanding human interest
among the many speeches at the In
ternational Congress of Psychologists
at Yale University last month was the
address of Professor Alexander Pav
lov, noted psychologist and physiolo
gist from Leningrad, Russia, accord
ing to Dr. Lewis M. Terman, head of
the Psychology department. His ad
dress to the Congress was entirely in
Russian, and was extemporaneously
translated into English by Professor
Anrep of Cambridge University.
Pavlov was but one of 120 distin
guished foreign mental experts who
attended this gathering, the ninth tri
ennial congress. All the delegates
were lodged in Yale's Harkness Me
morial dormitory and ate in the Yale
Commons. Stanford's representatives
were Professors Calvin P. Stone,
Lewis M. Terman, Walter R. Miles,
Paul R. Farnsworth, and John E.
Cooper.
The highest point of psychological
research presented at the congress,
according to Professor Miles, was
reached when Professor Karl Lasliley
of the University of Chicago spoke
on "Basal Neural Meclinisms in Be
havior." Professor Lashley is presi
dent of the American Psychological
Association, which combined its an
nual Christmas meeting with the con
gress this year.
Of outstanding human interest
among the many speeches at the In
ternational Congress of Psychologists
at Yale University last month was the
address of Professor Alexander Pav
lov, noted psychologist and physiolo
gist from Leningrad, Russia, accord
ing to Dr. Lewis M. Terman, head of
the Psychology department. His ad
dress to the Congress was entirely in
Russian, and was extemporaneously
translated into English by Professor
Anrep of Cambridge University.
Pavlov was but one of 120 distin
guished foreign mental experts who
attended this gathering, the ninth tri
ennial congress. All the delegates
were lodged in Yale's Harkness Me
morial dormitory and ate in the Yale
Commons. Stanford's representatives
were Professors Calvin P. Stone,
Lewis M. Terman, Walter R. Miles,
Paul R. Farnsworth, and John E.
Cooper.
The highest point of psychological
research presented at the congress,
according to Professor Miles, was
reached when Professor Karl Lasliley
of the University of Chicago spoke
on "Basal Neural Meclinisms in Be
havior." Professor Lashley is presi
dent of the American Psychological
Association, which combined its an
nual Christmas meeting with the con
gress this year.
Of outstanding human interest
among the many speeches at the In
ternational Congress of Psychologists
at Yale University last month was the
address of Professor Alexander Pav
lov, noted psychologist and physiolo
gist from Leningrad, Russia, accord
ing to Dr. Lewis M. Terman, head of
the Psychology department. His ad
dress to the Congress was entirely in
Russian, and was extemporaneously
translated into English by Professor
Anrep of Cambridge University.
Pavlov was but one of 120 distin
guished foreign mental experts who
attended this gathering, the ninth tri
ennial congress. All the delegates
were lodged in Yale's Harkness Me
morial dormitory and ate in the Yale
Commons. Stanford's representatives
were Professors Calvin P. Stone,
Lewis M. Terman, Walter R. Miles,
Paul R. Farnsworth, and John E.
Cooper.
The highest point of psychological
research presented at the congress,
according to Professor Miles, was
reached when Professor Karl Lasliley
of the University of Chicago spoke
on "Basal Neural Meclinisms in Be
havior." Professor Lashley is presi
dent of the American Psychological
Association, which combined its an
nual Christmas meeting with the con
gress this year.
Of outstanding human interest
among the many speeches at the In
ternational Congress of Psychologists
at Yale University last month was the
address of Professor Alexander Pav
lov, noted psychologist and physiolo
gist from Leningrad, Russia, accord
ing to Dr. Lewis M. Terman, head of
the Psychology department. His ad
dress to the Congress was entirely in
Russian, and was extemporaneously
translated into English by Professor
Anrep of Cambridge University.
Pavlov was but one of 120 distin
guished foreign mental experts who
attended this gathering, the ninth tri
ennial congress. All the delegates
were lodged in Yale's Harkness Me
morial dormitory and ate in the Yale
Commons. Stanford's representatives
were Professors Calvin P. Stone,
Lewis M. Terman, Walter R. Miles,
Paul R. Farnsworth, and John E.
Cooper.
The highest point of psychological
research presented at the congress,
according to Professor Miles, was
reached when Professor Karl Lasliley
of the University of Chicago spoke
on "Basal Neural Meclinisms in Be
havior." Professor Lashley is presi
dent of the American Psychological
Association, which combined its an
nual Christmas meeting with the con
gress this year.
Of outstanding human interest
among the many speeches at the In
ternational Congress of Psychologists
at Yale University last month was the
address of Professor Alexander Pav
lov, noted psychologist and physiolo
gist from Leningrad, Russia, accord
ing to Dr. Lewis M. Terman, head of
the Psychology department. His ad
dress to the Congress was entirely in
Russian, and was extemporaneously
translated into English by Professor
Anrep of Cambridge University.
Pavlov was but one of 120 distin
guished foreign mental experts who
attended this gathering, the ninth tri
ennial congress. All the delegates
were lodged in Yale's Harkness Me
morial dormitory and ate in the Yale
Commons. Stanford's representatives
were Professors Calvin P. Stone,
Lewis M. Terman, Walter R. Miles,
Paul R. Farnsworth, and John E.
Cooper.
The highest point of psychological
research presented at the congress,
according to Professor Miles, was
reached when Professor Karl Lasliley
of the University of Chicago spoke
on "Basal Neural Meclinisms in Be
havior." Professor Lashley is presi
dent of the American Psychological
Association, which combined its an
nual Christmas meeting with the con
gress this year.
Of outstanding human interest
among the many speeches at the In
ternational Congress of Psychologists
at Yale University last month was the
address of Professor Alexander Pav
lov, noted psychologist and physiolo
gist from Leningrad, Russia, accord
ing to Dr. Lewis M. Terman, head of
the Psychology department. His ad
dress to the Congress was entirely in
Russian, and was extemporaneously
translated into English by Professor
Anrep of Cambridge University.
Pavlov was but one of 120 distin
guished foreign mental experts who
attended this gathering, the ninth tri
ennial congress. All the delegates
were lodged in Yale's Harkness Me
morial dormitory and ate in the Yale
Commons. Stanford's representatives
were Professors Calvin P. Stone,
Lewis M. Terman, Walter R. Miles,
Paul R. Farnsworth, and John E.
Cooper.
The highest point of psychological
research presented at the congress,
according to Professor Miles, was
reached when Professor Karl Lasliley
of the University of Chicago spoke
on "Basal Neural Meclinisms in Be
havior." Professor Lashley is presi
dent of the American Psychological
Association, which combined its an
nual Christmas meeting with the con
gress this year.
Of outstanding human interest
among the many speeches at the In
ternational Congress of Psychologists
at Yale University last month was the
address of Professor Alexander Pav
lov, noted psychologist and physiolo
gist from Leningrad, Russia, accord
ing to Dr. Lewis M. Terman, head of
the Psychology department. His ad
dress to the Congress was entirely in
Russian, and was extemporaneously
translated into English by Professor
Anrep of Cambridge University.
Pavlov was but one of 120 distin
guished foreign mental experts who
attended this gathering, the ninth tri
ennial congress. All the delegates
were lodged in Yale's Harkness Me
morial dormitory and ate in the Yale
Commons. Stanford's representatives
were Professors Calvin P. Stone,
Lewis M. Terman, Walter R. Miles,
Paul R. Farnsworth, and John E.
Cooper.
The highest point of psychological
research presented at the congress,
according to Professor Miles, was
reached when Professor Karl Lasliley
of the University of Chicago spoke
on "Basal Neural Meclinisms in Be
havior." Professor Lashley is presi
dent of the American Psychological
Association, which combined its an
nual Christmas meeting with the con
gress this year.
Of outstanding human interest
among the many speeches at the In
ternational Congress of Psychologists
at Yale University last month was the
address of Professor Alexander Pav
lov, noted psychologist and physiolo
gist from Leningrad, Russia, accord
ing to Dr. Lewis M. Terman, head of
the Psychology department. His ad
dress to the Congress was entirely in
Russian, and was extemporaneously
translated into English by Professor
Anrep of Cambridge University.
Pavlov was but one of 120 distin
guished foreign mental experts who
attended this gathering, the ninth tri
ennial congress. All the delegates
were lodged in Yale's Harkness Me
morial dormitory and ate in the Yale
Commons. Stanford's representatives
were Professors Calvin P. Stone,
Lewis M. Terman, Walter R. Miles,
Paul R. Farnsworth, and John E.
Cooper.
The highest point of psychological
research presented at the congress,
according to Professor Miles, was
reached when Professor Karl Lasliley
of the University of Chicago spoke
on "Basal Neural Meclinisms in Be
havior." Professor Lashley is presi
dent of the American Psychological
Association, which combined its an
nual Christmas meeting with the con
gress this year.
Of outstanding human interest
among the many speeches at the In
ternational Congress of Psychologists
at Yale University last month was the
address of Professor Alexander Pav
lov, noted psychologist and physiolo
gist from Leningrad, Russia, accord
ing to Dr. Lewis M. Terman, head of
the Psychology department. His ad
dress to the Congress was entirely in
Russian, and was extemporaneously
translated into English by Professor
Anrep of Cambridge University.
Pavlov was but one of 120 distin
guished foreign mental experts who
attended this gathering, the ninth tri
ennial congress. All the delegates
were lodged in Yale's Harkness Me
morial dormitory and ate in the Yale
Commons. Stanford's representatives
were Professors Calvin P. Stone,
Lewis M. Terman, Walter R. Miles,
Paul R. Farnsworth, and John E.
Cooper.
The highest point of psychological
research presented at the congress,
according to Professor Miles, was
reached when Professor Karl Lasliley
of the University of Chicago spoke
on "Basal Neural Meclinisms in Be
havior." Professor Lashley is presi
dent of the American Psychological
Association, which combined its an
nual Christmas meeting with the con
gress this year.
Of outstanding human interest
among the many speeches at the In
ternational Congress of Psychologists
at Yale University last month was the
address of Professor Alexander Pav
lov, noted psychologist and physiolo
gist from Leningrad, Russia, accord
ing to Dr. Lewis M. Terman, head of
the Psychology department. His ad
dress to the Congress was entirely in
Russian, and was extemporaneously
translated into English by Professor
Anrep of Cambridge University.
Pavlov was but one of 120 distin
guished foreign mental experts who
attended this gathering, the ninth tri
ennial congress. All the delegates
were lodged in Yale's Harkness Me
morial dormitory and ate in the Yale
Commons. Stanford's representatives
were Professors Calvin P. Stone,
Lewis M. Terman, Walter R. Miles,
Paul R. Farnsworth, and John E.
Cooper.
The highest point of psychological
research presented at the congress,
according to Professor Miles, was
reached when Professor Karl Lasliley
of the University of Chicago spoke
on "Basal Neural Meclinisms in Be
havior." Professor Lashley is presi
dent of the American Psychological
Association, which combined its an
nual Christmas meeting with the con
gress this year.
Of outstanding human interest
among the many speeches at the In
ternational Congress of Psychologists
at Yale University last month was the
address of Professor Alexander Pav
lov, noted psychologist and physiolo
gist from Leningrad, Russia, accord
ing to Dr. Lewis M. Terman, head of
the Psychology department. His ad
dress to the Congress was entirely in
Russian, and was extemporaneously
translated into English by Professor
Anrep of Cambridge University.
Pavlov was but one of 120 distin
guished foreign mental experts who
attended this gathering, the ninth tri
ennial congress. All the delegates
were lodged in Yale's Harkness Me
morial dormitory and ate in the Yale
Commons. Stanford's representatives
were Professors Calvin P. Stone,
Lewis M. Terman, Walter R. Miles,
Paul R. Farnsworth, and John E.
Cooper.
The highest point of psychological
research presented at the congress,
according to Professor Miles, was
reached when Professor Karl Lasliley
of the University of Chicago spoke
on "Basal Neural Meclinisms in Be
havior." Professor Lashley is presi
dent of the American Psychological
Association, which combined its an
nual Christmas meeting with the con
gress this year.
Of outstanding human interest
among the many speeches at the In
ternational Congress of Psychologists
at Yale University last month was the
address of Professor Alexander Pav
lov, noted psychologist and physiolo
gist from Leningrad, Russia, accord
ing to Dr. Lewis M. Terman, head of
the Psychology department. His ad
dress to the Congress was entirely in
Russian, and was extemporaneously
translated into English by Professor
Anrep of Cambridge University.
Pavlov was but one of 120 distin
guished foreign mental experts who
attended this gathering, the ninth tri
ennial congress. All the delegates
were lodged in Yale's Harkness Me
morial dormitory and ate in the Yale
Commons. Stanford's representatives
were Professors Calvin P. Stone,
Lewis M. Terman, Walter R. Miles,
Paul R. Farnsworth, and John E.
Cooper.
The highest point of psychological
research presented at the congress,
according to Professor Miles, was
reached when Professor Karl Lasliley
of the University of Chicago spoke
on "Basal Neural Meclinisms in Be
havior." Professor Lashley is presi
dent of the American Psychological
Association, which combined its an
nual Christmas meeting with the con
gress this year.
Of outstanding human interest
among the many speeches at the In
ternational Congress of Psychologists
at Yale University last month was the
address of Professor Alexander Pav
lov, noted psychologist and physiolo
gist from Leningrad, Russia, accord
ing to Dr. Lewis M. Terman, head of
the Psychology department. His ad
dress to the Congress was entirely in
Russian, and was extemporaneously
translated into English by Professor
Anrep of Cambridge University.
Pavlov was but one of 120 distin
guished foreign mental experts who
attended this gathering, the ninth tri
ennial congress. All the delegates
were lodged in Yale's Harkness Me
morial dormitory and ate in the Yale
Commons. Stanford's representatives
were Professors Calvin P. Stone,
Lewis M. Terman, Walter R. Miles,
Paul R. Farnsworth, and John E.
Cooper.
The highest point of psychological
research presented at the congress,
according to Professor Miles, was
reached when Professor Karl Lasliley
of the University of Chicago spoke
on "Basal Neural Meclinisms in Be
havior." Professor Lashley is presi
dent of the American Psychological
Association, which combined its an
nual Christmas meeting with the con
gress this year.
Of outstanding human interest
among the many speeches at the In
ternational Congress of Psychologists
at Yale University last month was the
address of Professor Alexander Pav
lov, noted psychologist and physiolo
gist from Leningrad, Russia, accord
ing to Dr. Lewis M. Terman, head of
the Psychology department. His ad
dress to the Congress was entirely in
Russian, and was extemporaneously
translated into English by Professor
Anrep of Cambridge University.
Pavlov was but one of 120 distin
guished foreign mental experts who
attended this gathering, the ninth tri
ennial congress. All the delegates
were lodged in Yale's Harkness Me
morial dormitory and ate in the Yale
Commons. Stanford's representatives
were Professors Calvin P. Stone,
Lewis M. Terman, Walter R. Miles,
Paul R. Farnsworth, and John E.
Cooper.
The highest point of psychological
research presented at the congress,
according to Professor Miles, was
reached when Professor Karl Lasliley
of the University of Chicago spoke
on "Basal Neural Meclinisms in Be
havior." Professor Lashley is presi
dent of the American Psychological
Association, which combined its an
nual Christmas meeting with the con
gress this year.
Of outstanding human interest
among the many speeches at the In
ternational Congress of Psychologists
at Yale University last month was the
address of Professor Alexander Pav
lov, noted psychologist and physiolo
gist from Leningrad, Russia, accord
ing to Dr. Lewis M. Terman, head of
the Psychology department. His ad
dress to the Congress was entirely in
Russian, and was extemporaneously
translated into English by Professor
Anrep of Cambridge University.
Pavlov was but one of 120 distin
guished foreign mental experts who
attended this gathering, the ninth tri
ennial congress. All the delegates
were lodged in Yale's Harkness Me
morial dormitory and ate in the Yale
Commons. Stanford's representatives
were Professors Calvin P. Stone,
Lewis M. Terman, Walter R. Miles,
Paul R. Farnsworth, and John E.
Cooper.
The highest point of psychological
research presented at the congress,
according to Professor Miles, was
reached when Professor Karl Lasliley
of the University of Chicago spoke
on "Basal Neural Meclinisms in Be
havior." Professor Lashley is presi
dent of the American Psychological
Association, which combined its an
nual Christmas meeting with the con
gress this year.
Of outstanding human interest
among the many speeches at the In
ternational Congress of Psychologists
at Yale University last month was the
address of Professor Alexander Pav
lov, noted psychologist and physiolo
gist from Leningrad, Russia, accord
ing to Dr. Lewis M. Terman, head of
the Psychology department. His ad
dress to the Congress was entirely in
Russian, and was extemporaneously
translated into English by Professor
Anrep of Cambridge University.
Pavlov was but one of 120 distin
guished foreign mental experts who
attended this gathering, the ninth tri
ennial congress. All the delegates
were lodged in Yale's Harkness Me
morial dormitory and ate in the Yale
Commons. Stanford's representatives
were Professors Calvin P. Stone,
Lewis M. Terman, Walter R. Miles,
Paul R. Farnsworth, and John E.
Cooper.
The highest point of psychological
research presented at the congress,
according to Professor Miles, was
reached when Professor Karl Lasliley
of the University of Chicago spoke
on "Basal Neural Meclinisms in Be
havior." Professor Lashley is presi
dent of the American Psychological
Association, which combined its an
nual Christmas meeting with the con
gress this year.
