# Stanford Dames Meet At Clubhouse This Afternoon
## 
### 
The Stanford Dames will hold their
second meeting of the year at 3:00
this afternoon in the Women's Club
house.
At the close of the program, tea will
be served. All wives of Stanford stu
dents are urged to attend. For the
convenience of the members, a nurse
maid is being provided to take care
of the children during the afternoon.
The Stanford Dames will hold their
second meeting of the year at 3:00
this afternoon in the Women's Club
house.
At the close of the program, tea will
be served. All wives of Stanford stu
dents are urged to attend. For the
convenience of the members, a nurse
maid is being provided to take care
of the children during the afternoon.
The Stanford Dames will hold their
second meeting of the year at 3:00
this afternoon in the Women's Club
house.
At the close of the program, tea will
be served. All wives of Stanford stu
dents are urged to attend. For the
convenience of the members, a nurse
maid is being provided to take care
of the children during the afternoon.
The Stanford Dames will hold their
second meeting of the year at 3:00
this afternoon in the Women's Club
house.
At the close of the program, tea will
be served. All wives of Stanford stu
dents are urged to attend. For the
convenience of the members, a nurse
maid is being provided to take care
of the children during the afternoon.
The Stanford Dames will hold their
second meeting of the year at 3:00
this afternoon in the Women's Club
house.
At the close of the program, tea will
be served. All wives of Stanford stu
dents are urged to attend. For the
convenience of the members, a nurse
maid is being provided to take care
of the children during the afternoon.
The Stanford Dames will hold their
second meeting of the year at 3:00
this afternoon in the Women's Club
house.
At the close of the program, tea will
be served. All wives of Stanford stu
dents are urged to attend. For the
convenience of the members, a nurse
maid is being provided to take care
of the children during the afternoon.
The Stanford Dames will hold their
second meeting of the year at 3:00
this afternoon in the Women's Club
house.
At the close of the program, tea will
be served. All wives of Stanford stu
dents are urged to attend. For the
convenience of the members, a nurse
maid is being provided to take care
of the children during the afternoon.
The Stanford Dames will hold their
second meeting of the year at 3:00
this afternoon in the Women's Club
house.
At the close of the program, tea will
be served. All wives of Stanford stu
dents are urged to attend. For the
convenience of the members, a nurse
maid is being provided to take care
of the children during the afternoon.
The Stanford Dames will hold their
second meeting of the year at 3:00
this afternoon in the Women's Club
house.
At the close of the program, tea will
be served. All wives of Stanford stu
dents are urged to attend. For the
convenience of the members, a nurse
maid is being provided to take care
of the children during the afternoon.
The Stanford Dames will hold their
second meeting of the year at 3:00
this afternoon in the Women's Club
house.
At the close of the program, tea will
be served. All wives of Stanford stu
dents are urged to attend. For the
convenience of the members, a nurse
maid is being provided to take care
of the children during the afternoon.
The Stanford Dames will hold their
second meeting of the year at 3:00
this afternoon in the Women's Club
house.
At the close of the program, tea will
be served. All wives of Stanford stu
dents are urged to attend. For the
convenience of the members, a nurse
maid is being provided to take care
of the children during the afternoon.
The Stanford Dames will hold their
second meeting of the year at 3:00
this afternoon in the Women's Club
house.
At the close of the program, tea will
be served. All wives of Stanford stu
dents are urged to attend. For the
convenience of the members, a nurse
maid is being provided to take care
of the children during the afternoon.
The Stanford Dames will hold their
second meeting of the year at 3:00
this afternoon in the Women's Club
house.
At the close of the program, tea will
be served. All wives of Stanford stu
dents are urged to attend. For the
convenience of the members, a nurse
maid is being provided to take care
of the children during the afternoon.
The Stanford Dames will hold their
second meeting of the year at 3:00
this afternoon in the Women's Club
house.
At the close of the program, tea will
be served. All wives of Stanford stu
dents are urged to attend. For the
convenience of the members, a nurse
maid is being provided to take care
of the children during the afternoon.
The Stanford Dames will hold their
second meeting of the year at 3:00
this afternoon in the Women's Club
house.
At the close of the program, tea will
be served. All wives of Stanford stu
dents are urged to attend. For the
convenience of the members, a nurse
maid is being provided to take care
of the children during the afternoon.
The Stanford Dames will hold their
second meeting of the year at 3:00
this afternoon in the Women's Club
house.
At the close of the program, tea will
be served. All wives of Stanford stu
dents are urged to attend. For the
convenience of the members, a nurse
maid is being provided to take care
of the children during the afternoon.
The Stanford Dames will hold their
second meeting of the year at 3:00
this afternoon in the Women's Club
house.
At the close of the program, tea will
be served. All wives of Stanford stu
dents are urged to attend. For the
convenience of the members, a nurse
maid is being provided to take care
of the children during the afternoon.
