# CORRECTION
## 
### 
Yesterday's Daily made an an
nouncement of the sorority teas, car
rying a mistake in the dates. The
houses entertaining on November 3
are Alpha Phi, Gamma Phi Beta, and
Kappa Alpha Theta. The houses en
tertaining on November 10 are the
same as announced yesterday. Those
for November 17 are Alpha Omicron
Pi, Delta Delta Delta, and Pi Beta
Phi.
Yesterday's Daily made an an
nouncement of the sorority teas, car
rying a mistake in the dates. The
houses entertaining on November 3
are Alpha Phi, Gamma Phi Beta, and
Kappa Alpha Theta. The houses en
tertaining on November 10 are the
same as announced yesterday. Those
for November 17 are Alpha Omicron
Pi, Delta Delta Delta, and Pi Beta
Phi.
Yesterday's Daily made an an
nouncement of the sorority teas, car
rying a mistake in the dates. The
houses entertaining on November 3
are Alpha Phi, Gamma Phi Beta, and
Kappa Alpha Theta. The houses en
tertaining on November 10 are the
same as announced yesterday. Those
for November 17 are Alpha Omicron
Pi, Delta Delta Delta, and Pi Beta
Phi.
Yesterday's Daily made an an
nouncement of the sorority teas, car
rying a mistake in the dates. The
houses entertaining on November 3
are Alpha Phi, Gamma Phi Beta, and
Kappa Alpha Theta. The houses en
tertaining on November 10 are the
same as announced yesterday. Those
for November 17 are Alpha Omicron
Pi, Delta Delta Delta, and Pi Beta
Phi.
Yesterday's Daily made an an
nouncement of the sorority teas, car
rying a mistake in the dates. The
houses entertaining on November 3
are Alpha Phi, Gamma Phi Beta, and
Kappa Alpha Theta. The houses en
tertaining on November 10 are the
same as announced yesterday. Those
for November 17 are Alpha Omicron
Pi, Delta Delta Delta, and Pi Beta
Phi.
Yesterday's Daily made an an
nouncement of the sorority teas, car
rying a mistake in the dates. The
houses entertaining on November 3
are Alpha Phi, Gamma Phi Beta, and
Kappa Alpha Theta. The houses en
tertaining on November 10 are the
same as announced yesterday. Those
for November 17 are Alpha Omicron
Pi, Delta Delta Delta, and Pi Beta
Phi.
Yesterday's Daily made an an
nouncement of the sorority teas, car
rying a mistake in the dates. The
houses entertaining on November 3
are Alpha Phi, Gamma Phi Beta, and
Kappa Alpha Theta. The houses en
tertaining on November 10 are the
same as announced yesterday. Those
for November 17 are Alpha Omicron
Pi, Delta Delta Delta, and Pi Beta
Phi.
Yesterday's Daily made an an
nouncement of the sorority teas, car
rying a mistake in the dates. The
houses entertaining on November 3
are Alpha Phi, Gamma Phi Beta, and
Kappa Alpha Theta. The houses en
tertaining on November 10 are the
same as announced yesterday. Those
for November 17 are Alpha Omicron
Pi, Delta Delta Delta, and Pi Beta
Phi.
Yesterday's Daily made an an
nouncement of the sorority teas, car
rying a mistake in the dates. The
houses entertaining on November 3
are Alpha Phi, Gamma Phi Beta, and
Kappa Alpha Theta. The houses en
tertaining on November 10 are the
same as announced yesterday. Those
for November 17 are Alpha Omicron
Pi, Delta Delta Delta, and Pi Beta
Phi.
Yesterday's Daily made an an
nouncement of the sorority teas, car
rying a mistake in the dates. The
houses entertaining on November 3
are Alpha Phi, Gamma Phi Beta, and
Kappa Alpha Theta. The houses en
tertaining on November 10 are the
same as announced yesterday. Those
for November 17 are Alpha Omicron
Pi, Delta Delta Delta, and Pi Beta
Phi.
Yesterday's Daily made an an
nouncement of the sorority teas, car
rying a mistake in the dates. The
houses entertaining on November 3
are Alpha Phi, Gamma Phi Beta, and
Kappa Alpha Theta. The houses en
tertaining on November 10 are the
same as announced yesterday. Those
for November 17 are Alpha Omicron
Pi, Delta Delta Delta, and Pi Beta
Phi.
Yesterday's Daily made an an
nouncement of the sorority teas, car
rying a mistake in the dates. The
houses entertaining on November 3
are Alpha Phi, Gamma Phi Beta, and
Kappa Alpha Theta. The houses en
tertaining on November 10 are the
same as announced yesterday. Those
for November 17 are Alpha Omicron
Pi, Delta Delta Delta, and Pi Beta
Phi.
Yesterday's Daily made an an
nouncement of the sorority teas, car
rying a mistake in the dates. The
houses entertaining on November 3
are Alpha Phi, Gamma Phi Beta, and
Kappa Alpha Theta. The houses en
tertaining on November 10 are the
same as announced yesterday. Those
for November 17 are Alpha Omicron
Pi, Delta Delta Delta, and Pi Beta
Phi.
Yesterday's Daily made an an
nouncement of the sorority teas, car
rying a mistake in the dates. The
houses entertaining on November 3
are Alpha Phi, Gamma Phi Beta, and
Kappa Alpha Theta. The houses en
tertaining on November 10 are the
same as announced yesterday. Those
for November 17 are Alpha Omicron
Pi, Delta Delta Delta, and Pi Beta
Phi.
Yesterday's Daily made an an
nouncement of the sorority teas, car
rying a mistake in the dates. The
houses entertaining on November 3
are Alpha Phi, Gamma Phi Beta, and
Kappa Alpha Theta. The houses en
tertaining on November 10 are the
same as announced yesterday. Those
for November 17 are Alpha Omicron
Pi, Delta Delta Delta, and Pi Beta
Phi.
Yesterday's Daily made an an
nouncement of the sorority teas, car
rying a mistake in the dates. The
houses entertaining on November 3
are Alpha Phi, Gamma Phi Beta, and
Kappa Alpha Theta. The houses en
tertaining on November 10 are the
same as announced yesterday. Those
for November 17 are Alpha Omicron
Pi, Delta Delta Delta, and Pi Beta
Phi.
Yesterday's Daily made an an
nouncement of the sorority teas, car
rying a mistake in the dates. The
houses entertaining on November 3
are Alpha Phi, Gamma Phi Beta, and
Kappa Alpha Theta. The houses en
tertaining on November 10 are the
same as announced yesterday. Those
for November 17 are Alpha Omicron
Pi, Delta Delta Delta, and Pi Beta
Phi.
