# Untitled Article
## 
### 
TIIK examinations of the last two
dayB have demonstrated two things:
that at Stanford cheating is commonly
indulged in, and that no notice has or
is likely to be taken of it by the stu
dents. There is no established code of
honor here, and consequently uo attempt
has been made to ferret out such prac
tices. In order to prevent the fast
growing habit it will be necessary for
the students themselves to take the
matter in hand and offer a panacea.
We may rail until doomsday about,
honor and other gentlemanly qualities,
but until a decided action shali have
been taken by someone, the poor, lazy,
and shiftless students will cheat. The
best and most conscientious men that
live are compelled to take an oath be
fore they ire competent to be sworn in
a onse at law, and from recent events
not many Stanford students need feel
insul'ed if such a prerequisite to an
examination were demanded in our
classrooms.
TIIK examinations of the last two
dayB have demonstrated two things:
that at Stanford cheating is commonly
indulged in, and that no notice has or
is likely to be taken of it by the stu
dents. There is no established code of
honor here, and consequently uo attempt
has been made to ferret out such prac
tices. In order to prevent the fast
growing habit it will be necessary for
the students themselves to take the
matter in hand and offer a panacea.
We may rail until doomsday about,
honor and other gentlemanly qualities,
but until a decided action shali have
been taken by someone, the poor, lazy,
and shiftless students will cheat. The
best and most conscientious men that
live are compelled to take an oath be
fore they ire competent to be sworn in
a onse at law, and from recent events
not many Stanford students need feel
insul'ed if such a prerequisite to an
examination were demanded in our
classrooms.
TIIK examinations of the last two
dayB have demonstrated two things:
that at Stanford cheating is commonly
indulged in, and that no notice has or
is likely to be taken of it by the stu
dents. There is no established code of
honor here, and consequently uo attempt
has been made to ferret out such prac
tices. In order to prevent the fast
growing habit it will be necessary for
the students themselves to take the
matter in hand and offer a panacea.
We may rail until doomsday about,
honor and other gentlemanly qualities,
but until a decided action shali have
been taken by someone, the poor, lazy,
and shiftless students will cheat. The
best and most conscientious men that
live are compelled to take an oath be
fore they ire competent to be sworn in
a onse at law, and from recent events
not many Stanford students need feel
insul'ed if such a prerequisite to an
examination were demanded in our
classrooms.
