# Untitled Article
## 
### 
W lIEN you .ire in the city during
Laster week supply your various wants
at the houses whose support during the
hard times has made the college daily
a success. Look over the advertising
columns and note that the Palace, the
Lick, the Russ, and the Hughes hotels,
and Wilson's, Meyer's, and the Popular
restaurants are aiding our college en
terprises.
W lIEN you .ire in the city during
Laster week supply your various wants
at the houses whose support during the
hard times has made the college daily
a success. Look over the advertising
columns and note that the Palace, the
Lick, the Russ, and the Hughes hotels,
and Wilson's, Meyer's, and the Popular
restaurants are aiding our college en
terprises.
W lIEN you .ire in the city during
Laster week supply your various wants
at the houses whose support during the
hard times has made the college daily
a success. Look over the advertising
columns and note that the Palace, the
Lick, the Russ, and the Hughes hotels,
and Wilson's, Meyer's, and the Popular
restaurants are aiding our college en
terprises.
