# Adv. 21 Page 11
## 
### 
Mother with Depression?
mood.stanford.edu
Seeking mothers with a history of
depression and their 10- 14-year-old
daughters for a study at Stanford.
$4O/hour.
Mother with Depression?
mood.stanford.edu
Seeking mothers with a history of
depression and their 10- 14-year-old
daughters for a study at Stanford.
$4O/hour.
Mother with Depression?
mood.stanford.edu
Seeking mothers with a history of
depression and their 10- 14-year-old
daughters for a study at Stanford.
$4O/hour.
Mother with Depression?
mood.stanford.edu
Seeking mothers with a history of
depression and their 10- 14-year-old
daughters for a study at Stanford.
$4O/hour.
Mother with Depression?
mood.stanford.edu
Seeking mothers with a history of
depression and their 10- 14-year-old
daughters for a study at Stanford.
$4O/hour.
Mother with Depression?
mood.stanford.edu
Seeking mothers with a history of
depression and their 10- 14-year-old
daughters for a study at Stanford.
$4O/hour.
Mother with Depression?
mood.stanford.edu
Seeking mothers with a history of
depression and their 10- 14-year-old
daughters for a study at Stanford.
$4O/hour.
