# REBATE DEADLINE
## 
### 
Students are again reminded that
the deadline for turning in rebate
slips is approaching rapidly.
Students are again reminded that
the deadline for turning in rebate
slips is approaching rapidly.
Students are again reminded that
the deadline for turning in rebate
slips is approaching rapidly.
Students are again reminded that
the deadline for turning in rebate
slips is approaching rapidly.
Students are again reminded that
the deadline for turning in rebate
slips is approaching rapidly.
Students are again reminded that
the deadline for turning in rebate
slips is approaching rapidly.
Students are again reminded that
the deadline for turning in rebate
slips is approaching rapidly.
Students are again reminded that
the deadline for turning in rebate
slips is approaching rapidly.
Students are again reminded that
the deadline for turning in rebate
slips is approaching rapidly.
Students are again reminded that
the deadline for turning in rebate
slips is approaching rapidly.
Students are again reminded that
the deadline for turning in rebate
slips is approaching rapidly.
Students are again reminded that
the deadline for turning in rebate
slips is approaching rapidly.
Students are again reminded that
the deadline for turning in rebate
slips is approaching rapidly.
Students are again reminded that
the deadline for turning in rebate
slips is approaching rapidly.
