# THE 						WEATHER
## 
### 
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow. Slightly warmer tomor
winds.
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow. Slightly warmer tomor
winds.
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow. Slightly warmer tomor
winds.
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow. Slightly warmer tomor
winds.
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow. Slightly warmer tomor
winds.
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow. Slightly warmer tomor
winds.
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow. Slightly warmer tomor
winds.
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow. Slightly warmer tomor
winds.
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow. Slightly warmer tomor
winds.
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow. Slightly warmer tomor
winds.
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow. Slightly warmer tomor
winds.
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow. Slightly warmer tomor
winds.
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow. Slightly warmer tomor
winds.
BAY AREA—Fair today and to
morrow. Slightly warmer tomor
winds.
