# Adv. 37 Page 11
## 
### 
HELP WANTED
Vino Locale, Palo Alto's premier
local food, wine & art gallery
is now hiring part-time kitchen
staff; 4 info call 650-328-0450
HOUSING
1
Downtown PA studio garden apmt
1 br/ba, no kitchen, utilities included,
close to Stanford. For appt:
707-280-6289
Need Summer House to Rent
Stanford Alum & Family needs 3 -
4 bedroom house to rent June -
August, call 650-224-4844 or
blueprius2ooo@aol.com
r
SERVICES
Accent Reduction Lesson
to improve speaking skills
speakonpar.com
MOST IMPORTANT SKILL FOR LAW
SCHOOL SUCCESS? CHECK OUT
LAWSCHOOLPREPCOURSE.COM.
Prep and painting, handy man.
650-740-0630. John.
Tennis Lessons 650-704-1535 Jeff
SUBJECTS WANTED
$5 for 20 minutes, over the web!
First ten people get homemade
cookies. Easy fun survey, listen
to people and tell me what they
are like. Stanford students only
www.stanford.edu/~kcat/study
