# Student Forges Check.
## 
### 
A University student called for a
friend's mail last Saturday morning
and took a check for $90 from one of
the letters. The check was cashed at
the First National Bank of Palo Alto
and the culprit then left town. The
San Francisco police are on a lookout
for the man.
A University student called for a
friend's mail last Saturday morning
and took a check for $90 from one of
the letters. The check was cashed at
the First National Bank of Palo Alto
and the culprit then left town. The
San Francisco police are on a lookout
for the man.
A University student called for a
friend's mail last Saturday morning
and took a check for $90 from one of
the letters. The check was cashed at
the First National Bank of Palo Alto
and the culprit then left town. The
San Francisco police are on a lookout
for the man.
A University student called for a
friend's mail last Saturday morning
and took a check for $90 from one of
the letters. The check was cashed at
the First National Bank of Palo Alto
and the culprit then left town. The
San Francisco police are on a lookout
for the man.
A University student called for a
friend's mail last Saturday morning
and took a check for $90 from one of
the letters. The check was cashed at
the First National Bank of Palo Alto
and the culprit then left town. The
San Francisco police are on a lookout
for the man.
A University student called for a
friend's mail last Saturday morning
and took a check for $90 from one of
the letters. The check was cashed at
the First National Bank of Palo Alto
and the culprit then left town. The
San Francisco police are on a lookout
for the man.
A University student called for a
friend's mail last Saturday morning
and took a check for $90 from one of
the letters. The check was cashed at
the First National Bank of Palo Alto
and the culprit then left town. The
San Francisco police are on a lookout
for the man.
A University student called for a
friend's mail last Saturday morning
and took a check for $90 from one of
the letters. The check was cashed at
the First National Bank of Palo Alto
and the culprit then left town. The
San Francisco police are on a lookout
for the man.
A University student called for a
friend's mail last Saturday morning
and took a check for $90 from one of
the letters. The check was cashed at
the First National Bank of Palo Alto
and the culprit then left town. The
San Francisco police are on a lookout
for the man.
A University student called for a
friend's mail last Saturday morning
and took a check for $90 from one of
the letters. The check was cashed at
the First National Bank of Palo Alto
and the culprit then left town. The
San Francisco police are on a lookout
for the man.
A University student called for a
friend's mail last Saturday morning
and took a check for $90 from one of
the letters. The check was cashed at
the First National Bank of Palo Alto
and the culprit then left town. The
San Francisco police are on a lookout
for the man.
