# Quad.
## 
### 
G. E. Cheda, '10, returned today
from Nicaragua. Cheda has been in
Nicaragua since the fall of 1911 in
the employ of the Babylonia mine at
La Libertad as surveyor, assayer and
overseer.
G. E. Cheda, '10, returned today
from Nicaragua. Cheda has been in
Nicaragua since the fall of 1911 in
the employ of the Babylonia mine at
La Libertad as surveyor, assayer and
overseer.
G. E. Cheda, '10, returned today
from Nicaragua. Cheda has been in
Nicaragua since the fall of 1911 in
the employ of the Babylonia mine at
La Libertad as surveyor, assayer and
overseer.
G. E. Cheda, '10, returned today
from Nicaragua. Cheda has been in
Nicaragua since the fall of 1911 in
the employ of the Babylonia mine at
La Libertad as surveyor, assayer and
overseer.
G. E. Cheda, '10, returned today
from Nicaragua. Cheda has been in
Nicaragua since the fall of 1911 in
the employ of the Babylonia mine at
La Libertad as surveyor, assayer and
overseer.
G. E. Cheda, '10, returned today
from Nicaragua. Cheda has been in
Nicaragua since the fall of 1911 in
the employ of the Babylonia mine at
La Libertad as surveyor, assayer and
overseer.
G. E. Cheda, '10, returned today
from Nicaragua. Cheda has been in
Nicaragua since the fall of 1911 in
the employ of the Babylonia mine at
La Libertad as surveyor, assayer and
overseer.
G. E. Cheda, '10, returned today
from Nicaragua. Cheda has been in
Nicaragua since the fall of 1911 in
the employ of the Babylonia mine at
La Libertad as surveyor, assayer and
overseer.
G. E. Cheda, '10, returned today
from Nicaragua. Cheda has been in
Nicaragua since the fall of 1911 in
the employ of the Babylonia mine at
La Libertad as surveyor, assayer and
overseer.
G. E. Cheda, '10, returned today
from Nicaragua. Cheda has been in
Nicaragua since the fall of 1911 in
the employ of the Babylonia mine at
La Libertad as surveyor, assayer and
overseer.
G. E. Cheda, '10, returned today
from Nicaragua. Cheda has been in
Nicaragua since the fall of 1911 in
the employ of the Babylonia mine at
La Libertad as surveyor, assayer and
overseer.
G. E. Cheda, '10, returned today
from Nicaragua. Cheda has been in
Nicaragua since the fall of 1911 in
the employ of the Babylonia mine at
La Libertad as surveyor, assayer and
overseer.
G. E. Cheda, '10, returned today
from Nicaragua. Cheda has been in
Nicaragua since the fall of 1911 in
the employ of the Babylonia mine at
La Libertad as surveyor, assayer and
overseer.
G. E. Cheda, '10, returned today
from Nicaragua. Cheda has been in
Nicaragua since the fall of 1911 in
the employ of the Babylonia mine at
La Libertad as surveyor, assayer and
overseer.
