# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Ted Roberts, of the All Blacks,
practiced today for the first time
since he left New Zealand. Roberts
has been laid up with an injured leg.
Ted Roberts, of the All Blacks,
practiced today for the first time
since he left New Zealand. Roberts
has been laid up with an injured leg.
Ted Roberts, of the All Blacks,
practiced today for the first time
since he left New Zealand. Roberts
has been laid up with an injured leg.
Ted Roberts, of the All Blacks,
practiced today for the first time
since he left New Zealand. Roberts
has been laid up with an injured leg.
Ted Roberts, of the All Blacks,
practiced today for the first time
since he left New Zealand. Roberts
has been laid up with an injured leg.
Ted Roberts, of the All Blacks,
practiced today for the first time
since he left New Zealand. Roberts
has been laid up with an injured leg.
Ted Roberts, of the All Blacks,
practiced today for the first time
since he left New Zealand. Roberts
has been laid up with an injured leg.
Ted Roberts, of the All Blacks,
practiced today for the first time
since he left New Zealand. Roberts
has been laid up with an injured leg.
Ted Roberts, of the All Blacks,
practiced today for the first time
since he left New Zealand. Roberts
has been laid up with an injured leg.
Ted Roberts, of the All Blacks,
practiced today for the first time
since he left New Zealand. Roberts
has been laid up with an injured leg.
Ted Roberts, of the All Blacks,
practiced today for the first time
since he left New Zealand. Roberts
has been laid up with an injured leg.
Ted Roberts, of the All Blacks,
practiced today for the first time
since he left New Zealand. Roberts
has been laid up with an injured leg.
Ted Roberts, of the All Blacks,
practiced today for the first time
since he left New Zealand. Roberts
has been laid up with an injured leg.
Ted Roberts, of the All Blacks,
practiced today for the first time
since he left New Zealand. Roberts
has been laid up with an injured leg.
