# Student Rates for "Julius Caesar"
## 
### 
Stanford students may witness Wil
liam Faversham's production of ".Ju
lius Caeser" at the Court Theater in
San Francisco during the week of
October 20th at reduced rates. Be
cause of its educational value, H. F.
Curran, manager of the theater has
offered a reduction of fifty cents on
all $i! and $ 1 .">0 ueats for the per
formances of Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday evenings, October 20, 21,
and 22, and for the matinee on Wed
nesday. In order to receive this ad
vantage it will be necessary to pur
chase seats in blocks of ten or more,
and to bring a note to the box-office
from an instructor showing the pur
chasers to be duly registered in the
university.
Stanford students may witness Wil
liam Faversham's production of ".Ju
lius Caeser" at the Court Theater in
San Francisco during the week of
October 20th at reduced rates. Be
cause of its educational value, H. F.
Curran, manager of the theater has
offered a reduction of fifty cents on
all $i! and $ 1 .">0 ueats for the per
formances of Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday evenings, October 20, 21,
and 22, and for the matinee on Wed
nesday. In order to receive this ad
vantage it will be necessary to pur
chase seats in blocks of ten or more,
and to bring a note to the box-office
from an instructor showing the pur
chasers to be duly registered in the
university.
Stanford students may witness Wil
liam Faversham's production of ".Ju
lius Caeser" at the Court Theater in
San Francisco during the week of
October 20th at reduced rates. Be
cause of its educational value, H. F.
Curran, manager of the theater has
offered a reduction of fifty cents on
all $i! and $ 1 .">0 ueats for the per
formances of Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday evenings, October 20, 21,
and 22, and for the matinee on Wed
nesday. In order to receive this ad
vantage it will be necessary to pur
chase seats in blocks of ten or more,
and to bring a note to the box-office
from an instructor showing the pur
chasers to be duly registered in the
university.
Stanford students may witness Wil
liam Faversham's production of ".Ju
lius Caeser" at the Court Theater in
San Francisco during the week of
October 20th at reduced rates. Be
cause of its educational value, H. F.
Curran, manager of the theater has
offered a reduction of fifty cents on
all $i! and $ 1 .">0 ueats for the per
formances of Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday evenings, October 20, 21,
and 22, and for the matinee on Wed
nesday. In order to receive this ad
vantage it will be necessary to pur
chase seats in blocks of ten or more,
and to bring a note to the box-office
from an instructor showing the pur
chasers to be duly registered in the
university.
Stanford students may witness Wil
liam Faversham's production of ".Ju
lius Caeser" at the Court Theater in
San Francisco during the week of
October 20th at reduced rates. Be
cause of its educational value, H. F.
Curran, manager of the theater has
offered a reduction of fifty cents on
all $i! and $ 1 .">0 ueats for the per
formances of Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday evenings, October 20, 21,
and 22, and for the matinee on Wed
nesday. In order to receive this ad
vantage it will be necessary to pur
chase seats in blocks of ten or more,
and to bring a note to the box-office
from an instructor showing the pur
chasers to be duly registered in the
university.
Stanford students may witness Wil
liam Faversham's production of ".Ju
lius Caeser" at the Court Theater in
San Francisco during the week of
October 20th at reduced rates. Be
cause of its educational value, H. F.
Curran, manager of the theater has
offered a reduction of fifty cents on
all $i! and $ 1 .">0 ueats for the per
formances of Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday evenings, October 20, 21,
and 22, and for the matinee on Wed
nesday. In order to receive this ad
vantage it will be necessary to pur
chase seats in blocks of ten or more,
and to bring a note to the box-office
from an instructor showing the pur
chasers to be duly registered in the
university.
Stanford students may witness Wil
liam Faversham's production of ".Ju
lius Caeser" at the Court Theater in
San Francisco during the week of
October 20th at reduced rates. Be
cause of its educational value, H. F.
Curran, manager of the theater has
offered a reduction of fifty cents on
all $i! and $ 1 .">0 ueats for the per
formances of Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday evenings, October 20, 21,
and 22, and for the matinee on Wed
nesday. In order to receive this ad
vantage it will be necessary to pur
chase seats in blocks of ten or more,
and to bring a note to the box-office
from an instructor showing the pur
chasers to be duly registered in the
university.
Stanford students may witness Wil
liam Faversham's production of ".Ju
lius Caeser" at the Court Theater in
San Francisco during the week of
October 20th at reduced rates. Be
cause of its educational value, H. F.
Curran, manager of the theater has
offered a reduction of fifty cents on
all $i! and $ 1 .">0 ueats for the per
formances of Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday evenings, October 20, 21,
and 22, and for the matinee on Wed
nesday. In order to receive this ad
vantage it will be necessary to pur
chase seats in blocks of ten or more,
and to bring a note to the box-office
from an instructor showing the pur
chasers to be duly registered in the
university.
Stanford students may witness Wil
liam Faversham's production of ".Ju
lius Caeser" at the Court Theater in
San Francisco during the week of
October 20th at reduced rates. Be
cause of its educational value, H. F.
Curran, manager of the theater has
offered a reduction of fifty cents on
all $i! and $ 1 .">0 ueats for the per
formances of Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday evenings, October 20, 21,
and 22, and for the matinee on Wed
nesday. In order to receive this ad
vantage it will be necessary to pur
chase seats in blocks of ten or more,
and to bring a note to the box-office
from an instructor showing the pur
chasers to be duly registered in the
university.
Stanford students may witness Wil
liam Faversham's production of ".Ju
lius Caeser" at the Court Theater in
San Francisco during the week of
October 20th at reduced rates. Be
cause of its educational value, H. F.
Curran, manager of the theater has
offered a reduction of fifty cents on
all $i! and $ 1 .">0 ueats for the per
formances of Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday evenings, October 20, 21,
and 22, and for the matinee on Wed
nesday. In order to receive this ad
vantage it will be necessary to pur
chase seats in blocks of ten or more,
and to bring a note to the box-office
from an instructor showing the pur
chasers to be duly registered in the
university.
Stanford students may witness Wil
liam Faversham's production of ".Ju
lius Caeser" at the Court Theater in
San Francisco during the week of
October 20th at reduced rates. Be
cause of its educational value, H. F.
Curran, manager of the theater has
offered a reduction of fifty cents on
all $i! and $ 1 .">0 ueats for the per
formances of Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday evenings, October 20, 21,
and 22, and for the matinee on Wed
nesday. In order to receive this ad
vantage it will be necessary to pur
chase seats in blocks of ten or more,
and to bring a note to the box-office
from an instructor showing the pur
chasers to be duly registered in the
university.
Stanford students may witness Wil
liam Faversham's production of ".Ju
lius Caeser" at the Court Theater in
San Francisco during the week of
October 20th at reduced rates. Be
cause of its educational value, H. F.
Curran, manager of the theater has
offered a reduction of fifty cents on
all $i! and $ 1 .">0 ueats for the per
formances of Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday evenings, October 20, 21,
and 22, and for the matinee on Wed
nesday. In order to receive this ad
vantage it will be necessary to pur
chase seats in blocks of ten or more,
and to bring a note to the box-office
from an instructor showing the pur
chasers to be duly registered in the
university.
Stanford students may witness Wil
liam Faversham's production of ".Ju
lius Caeser" at the Court Theater in
San Francisco during the week of
October 20th at reduced rates. Be
cause of its educational value, H. F.
Curran, manager of the theater has
offered a reduction of fifty cents on
all $i! and $ 1 .">0 ueats for the per
formances of Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday evenings, October 20, 21,
and 22, and for the matinee on Wed
nesday. In order to receive this ad
vantage it will be necessary to pur
chase seats in blocks of ten or more,
and to bring a note to the box-office
from an instructor showing the pur
chasers to be duly registered in the
university.
Stanford students may witness Wil
liam Faversham's production of ".Ju
lius Caeser" at the Court Theater in
San Francisco during the week of
October 20th at reduced rates. Be
cause of its educational value, H. F.
Curran, manager of the theater has
offered a reduction of fifty cents on
all $i! and $ 1 .">0 ueats for the per
formances of Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday evenings, October 20, 21,
and 22, and for the matinee on Wed
nesday. In order to receive this ad
vantage it will be necessary to pur
chase seats in blocks of ten or more,
and to bring a note to the box-office
from an instructor showing the pur
chasers to be duly registered in the
university.
