# HENRY V. POOR TO EXHIBIT PAINTINGS IN OLD STUDIO
## 
### 
An exhibition of landscape and fig
ure paintings by Professor Henry
Varnum Poor of the Graphic Arts de
partment, will be held in the old stu
dio between the dates, October 25 and
November 9, inclusive. The studio
will be open from 1 to 5 p.m. All are
cordially invited.
The hostesses are Mrs. A. B. Clark,
Miss Clara S. Stoltenberg, Mrs. Eve
lyn Wight Allen, Mrs. S. W. Charles,
Mrs. C. H. Gilbert, and Mrs. .1. P.
Smith.
An exhibition of landscape and fig
ure paintings by Professor Henry
Varnum Poor of the Graphic Arts de
partment, will be held in the old stu
dio between the dates, October 25 and
November 9, inclusive. The studio
will be open from 1 to 5 p.m. All are
cordially invited.
The hostesses are Mrs. A. B. Clark,
Miss Clara S. Stoltenberg, Mrs. Eve
lyn Wight Allen, Mrs. S. W. Charles,
Mrs. C. H. Gilbert, and Mrs. .1. P.
Smith.
An exhibition of landscape and fig
ure paintings by Professor Henry
Varnum Poor of the Graphic Arts de
partment, will be held in the old stu
dio between the dates, October 25 and
November 9, inclusive. The studio
will be open from 1 to 5 p.m. All are
cordially invited.
The hostesses are Mrs. A. B. Clark,
Miss Clara S. Stoltenberg, Mrs. Eve
lyn Wight Allen, Mrs. S. W. Charles,
Mrs. C. H. Gilbert, and Mrs. .1. P.
Smith.
An exhibition of landscape and fig
ure paintings by Professor Henry
Varnum Poor of the Graphic Arts de
partment, will be held in the old stu
dio between the dates, October 25 and
November 9, inclusive. The studio
will be open from 1 to 5 p.m. All are
cordially invited.
The hostesses are Mrs. A. B. Clark,
Miss Clara S. Stoltenberg, Mrs. Eve
lyn Wight Allen, Mrs. S. W. Charles,
Mrs. C. H. Gilbert, and Mrs. .1. P.
Smith.
An exhibition of landscape and fig
ure paintings by Professor Henry
Varnum Poor of the Graphic Arts de
partment, will be held in the old stu
dio between the dates, October 25 and
November 9, inclusive. The studio
will be open from 1 to 5 p.m. All are
cordially invited.
The hostesses are Mrs. A. B. Clark,
Miss Clara S. Stoltenberg, Mrs. Eve
lyn Wight Allen, Mrs. S. W. Charles,
Mrs. C. H. Gilbert, and Mrs. .1. P.
Smith.
An exhibition of landscape and fig
ure paintings by Professor Henry
Varnum Poor of the Graphic Arts de
partment, will be held in the old stu
dio between the dates, October 25 and
November 9, inclusive. The studio
will be open from 1 to 5 p.m. All are
cordially invited.
The hostesses are Mrs. A. B. Clark,
Miss Clara S. Stoltenberg, Mrs. Eve
lyn Wight Allen, Mrs. S. W. Charles,
Mrs. C. H. Gilbert, and Mrs. .1. P.
Smith.
An exhibition of landscape and fig
ure paintings by Professor Henry
Varnum Poor of the Graphic Arts de
partment, will be held in the old stu
dio between the dates, October 25 and
November 9, inclusive. The studio
will be open from 1 to 5 p.m. All are
cordially invited.
The hostesses are Mrs. A. B. Clark,
Miss Clara S. Stoltenberg, Mrs. Eve
lyn Wight Allen, Mrs. S. W. Charles,
Mrs. C. H. Gilbert, and Mrs. .1. P.
Smith.
An exhibition of landscape and fig
ure paintings by Professor Henry
Varnum Poor of the Graphic Arts de
partment, will be held in the old stu
dio between the dates, October 25 and
November 9, inclusive. The studio
will be open from 1 to 5 p.m. All are
cordially invited.
The hostesses are Mrs. A. B. Clark,
Miss Clara S. Stoltenberg, Mrs. Eve
lyn Wight Allen, Mrs. S. W. Charles,
Mrs. C. H. Gilbert, and Mrs. .1. P.
Smith.
An exhibition of landscape and fig
ure paintings by Professor Henry
Varnum Poor of the Graphic Arts de
partment, will be held in the old stu
dio between the dates, October 25 and
November 9, inclusive. The studio
will be open from 1 to 5 p.m. All are
cordially invited.
The hostesses are Mrs. A. B. Clark,
Miss Clara S. Stoltenberg, Mrs. Eve
lyn Wight Allen, Mrs. S. W. Charles,
Mrs. C. H. Gilbert, and Mrs. .1. P.
Smith.
An exhibition of landscape and fig
ure paintings by Professor Henry
Varnum Poor of the Graphic Arts de
partment, will be held in the old stu
dio between the dates, October 25 and
November 9, inclusive. The studio
will be open from 1 to 5 p.m. All are
cordially invited.
The hostesses are Mrs. A. B. Clark,
Miss Clara S. Stoltenberg, Mrs. Eve
lyn Wight Allen, Mrs. S. W. Charles,
Mrs. C. H. Gilbert, and Mrs. .1. P.
Smith.
An exhibition of landscape and fig
ure paintings by Professor Henry
Varnum Poor of the Graphic Arts de
partment, will be held in the old stu
dio between the dates, October 25 and
November 9, inclusive. The studio
will be open from 1 to 5 p.m. All are
cordially invited.
The hostesses are Mrs. A. B. Clark,
Miss Clara S. Stoltenberg, Mrs. Eve
lyn Wight Allen, Mrs. S. W. Charles,
Mrs. C. H. Gilbert, and Mrs. .1. P.
Smith.
An exhibition of landscape and fig
ure paintings by Professor Henry
Varnum Poor of the Graphic Arts de
partment, will be held in the old stu
dio between the dates, October 25 and
November 9, inclusive. The studio
will be open from 1 to 5 p.m. All are
cordially invited.
The hostesses are Mrs. A. B. Clark,
Miss Clara S. Stoltenberg, Mrs. Eve
lyn Wight Allen, Mrs. S. W. Charles,
Mrs. C. H. Gilbert, and Mrs. .1. P.
Smith.
An exhibition of landscape and fig
ure paintings by Professor Henry
Varnum Poor of the Graphic Arts de
partment, will be held in the old stu
dio between the dates, October 25 and
November 9, inclusive. The studio
will be open from 1 to 5 p.m. All are
cordially invited.
The hostesses are Mrs. A. B. Clark,
Miss Clara S. Stoltenberg, Mrs. Eve
lyn Wight Allen, Mrs. S. W. Charles,
Mrs. C. H. Gilbert, and Mrs. .1. P.
Smith.
An exhibition of landscape and fig
ure paintings by Professor Henry
Varnum Poor of the Graphic Arts de
partment, will be held in the old stu
dio between the dates, October 25 and
November 9, inclusive. The studio
will be open from 1 to 5 p.m. All are
cordially invited.
The hostesses are Mrs. A. B. Clark,
Miss Clara S. Stoltenberg, Mrs. Eve
lyn Wight Allen, Mrs. S. W. Charles,
Mrs. C. H. Gilbert, and Mrs. .1. P.
Smith.
