# Links Wanted.
## 
### 
Members of the Golt' club are en
deavoring' to secure a location for
practice and a suitable green upon
which to bold the annual tournament
with California for the Regent tro
phy. The Atherton links, used here
tofore, are now the property of the
Atherton Golf club, but an effort is
being made to secure their gre§n for
present use. The match with Cali
fornia is scheduled to be held late
in November. A suitable location for
practice is now the only drawback
toward definite arrangements regard
ing the intercollegiate event.
Members of the Golt' club are en
deavoring' to secure a location for
practice and a suitable green upon
which to bold the annual tournament
with California for the Regent tro
phy. The Atherton links, used here
tofore, are now the property of the
Atherton Golf club, but an effort is
being made to secure their gre§n for
present use. The match with Cali
fornia is scheduled to be held late
in November. A suitable location for
practice is now the only drawback
toward definite arrangements regard
ing the intercollegiate event.
Members of the Golt' club are en
deavoring' to secure a location for
practice and a suitable green upon
which to bold the annual tournament
with California for the Regent tro
phy. The Atherton links, used here
tofore, are now the property of the
Atherton Golf club, but an effort is
being made to secure their gre§n for
present use. The match with Cali
fornia is scheduled to be held late
in November. A suitable location for
practice is now the only drawback
toward definite arrangements regard
ing the intercollegiate event.
Members of the Golt' club are en
deavoring' to secure a location for
practice and a suitable green upon
which to bold the annual tournament
with California for the Regent tro
phy. The Atherton links, used here
tofore, are now the property of the
Atherton Golf club, but an effort is
being made to secure their gre§n for
present use. The match with Cali
fornia is scheduled to be held late
in November. A suitable location for
practice is now the only drawback
toward definite arrangements regard
ing the intercollegiate event.
Members of the Golt' club are en
deavoring' to secure a location for
practice and a suitable green upon
which to bold the annual tournament
with California for the Regent tro
phy. The Atherton links, used here
tofore, are now the property of the
Atherton Golf club, but an effort is
being made to secure their gre§n for
present use. The match with Cali
fornia is scheduled to be held late
in November. A suitable location for
practice is now the only drawback
toward definite arrangements regard
ing the intercollegiate event.
Members of the Golt' club are en
deavoring' to secure a location for
practice and a suitable green upon
which to bold the annual tournament
with California for the Regent tro
phy. The Atherton links, used here
tofore, are now the property of the
Atherton Golf club, but an effort is
being made to secure their gre§n for
present use. The match with Cali
fornia is scheduled to be held late
in November. A suitable location for
practice is now the only drawback
toward definite arrangements regard
ing the intercollegiate event.
Members of the Golt' club are en
deavoring' to secure a location for
practice and a suitable green upon
which to bold the annual tournament
with California for the Regent tro
phy. The Atherton links, used here
tofore, are now the property of the
Atherton Golf club, but an effort is
being made to secure their gre§n for
present use. The match with Cali
fornia is scheduled to be held late
in November. A suitable location for
practice is now the only drawback
toward definite arrangements regard
ing the intercollegiate event.
Members of the Golt' club are en
deavoring' to secure a location for
practice and a suitable green upon
which to bold the annual tournament
with California for the Regent tro
phy. The Atherton links, used here
tofore, are now the property of the
Atherton Golf club, but an effort is
being made to secure their gre§n for
present use. The match with Cali
fornia is scheduled to be held late
in November. A suitable location for
practice is now the only drawback
toward definite arrangements regard
ing the intercollegiate event.
Members of the Golt' club are en
deavoring' to secure a location for
practice and a suitable green upon
which to bold the annual tournament
with California for the Regent tro
phy. The Atherton links, used here
tofore, are now the property of the
Atherton Golf club, but an effort is
being made to secure their gre§n for
present use. The match with Cali
fornia is scheduled to be held late
in November. A suitable location for
practice is now the only drawback
toward definite arrangements regard
ing the intercollegiate event.
Members of the Golt' club are en
deavoring' to secure a location for
practice and a suitable green upon
which to bold the annual tournament
with California for the Regent tro
phy. The Atherton links, used here
tofore, are now the property of the
Atherton Golf club, but an effort is
being made to secure their gre§n for
present use. The match with Cali
fornia is scheduled to be held late
in November. A suitable location for
practice is now the only drawback
toward definite arrangements regard
ing the intercollegiate event.
Members of the Golt' club are en
deavoring' to secure a location for
practice and a suitable green upon
which to bold the annual tournament
with California for the Regent tro
phy. The Atherton links, used here
tofore, are now the property of the
Atherton Golf club, but an effort is
being made to secure their gre§n for
present use. The match with Cali
fornia is scheduled to be held late
in November. A suitable location for
practice is now the only drawback
toward definite arrangements regard
ing the intercollegiate event.
Members of the Golt' club are en
deavoring' to secure a location for
practice and a suitable green upon
which to bold the annual tournament
with California for the Regent tro
phy. The Atherton links, used here
tofore, are now the property of the
Atherton Golf club, but an effort is
being made to secure their gre§n for
present use. The match with Cali
fornia is scheduled to be held late
in November. A suitable location for
practice is now the only drawback
toward definite arrangements regard
ing the intercollegiate event.
Members of the Golt' club are en
deavoring' to secure a location for
practice and a suitable green upon
which to bold the annual tournament
with California for the Regent tro
phy. The Atherton links, used here
tofore, are now the property of the
Atherton Golf club, but an effort is
being made to secure their gre§n for
present use. The match with Cali
fornia is scheduled to be held late
in November. A suitable location for
practice is now the only drawback
toward definite arrangements regard
ing the intercollegiate event.
Members of the Golt' club are en
deavoring' to secure a location for
practice and a suitable green upon
which to bold the annual tournament
with California for the Regent tro
phy. The Atherton links, used here
tofore, are now the property of the
Atherton Golf club, but an effort is
being made to secure their gre§n for
present use. The match with Cali
fornia is scheduled to be held late
in November. A suitable location for
practice is now the only drawback
toward definite arrangements regard
ing the intercollegiate event.
