# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Toronto Sophomores worsted the
Freshmen in a general scrap last
week and then treated them to din
ner.
Toronto Sophomores worsted the
Freshmen in a general scrap last
week and then treated them to din
ner.
Toronto Sophomores worsted the
Freshmen in a general scrap last
week and then treated them to din
ner.
Toronto Sophomores worsted the
Freshmen in a general scrap last
week and then treated them to din
ner.
Toronto Sophomores worsted the
Freshmen in a general scrap last
week and then treated them to din
ner.
Toronto Sophomores worsted the
Freshmen in a general scrap last
week and then treated them to din
ner.
Toronto Sophomores worsted the
Freshmen in a general scrap last
week and then treated them to din
ner.
Toronto Sophomores worsted the
Freshmen in a general scrap last
week and then treated them to din
ner.
Toronto Sophomores worsted the
Freshmen in a general scrap last
week and then treated them to din
ner.
Toronto Sophomores worsted the
Freshmen in a general scrap last
week and then treated them to din
ner.
Toronto Sophomores worsted the
Freshmen in a general scrap last
week and then treated them to din
ner.
Toronto Sophomores worsted the
Freshmen in a general scrap last
week and then treated them to din
ner.
Toronto Sophomores worsted the
Freshmen in a general scrap last
week and then treated them to din
ner.
Toronto Sophomores worsted the
Freshmen in a general scrap last
week and then treated them to din
ner.
