# NEW LAW BOOKS SECURED.
## About Seven Hundred Volumes Added to Library During the Present College Year. 
### 
A large number of books have been
added to the Law Library during the
present college year. About seven
hundred new volumes have been
placed on the shelves and new sets of
reports and periodicals are being
added constantly. Among the more
important accessions are the Ameri
can and English Encyclopedia of Law
(2d edition), the Encyclopedia of
Pleading and Practice, Kerr's Cyclo
pedic Codes of California, and com
plete sets, up to the Reporter Sys
tem, of the reports of the Indiana
Supreme Court, Missouri Appeals
Court, Texas Supreme Court, Texas
Court of Criminal Appeals, Utah Su
preme Court, Wyoming Supreme
Court, Montana Supreme Court, lowa
Supreme Court, Nebraska Supreme
Court, New Mexico Supreme Court,
Proceedings of the Constitutional
Convention of Utah, besides numer
ous text-books, session laws and pro
ceedings of state and local bar asso
ciations.
A large number of books have been
added to the Law Library during the
present college year. About seven
hundred new volumes have been
placed on the shelves and new sets of
reports and periodicals are being
added constantly. Among the more
important accessions are the Ameri
can and English Encyclopedia of Law
(2d edition), the Encyclopedia of
Pleading and Practice, Kerr's Cyclo
pedic Codes of California, and com
plete sets, up to the Reporter Sys
tem, of the reports of the Indiana
Supreme Court, Missouri Appeals
Court, Texas Supreme Court, Texas
Court of Criminal Appeals, Utah Su
preme Court, Wyoming Supreme
Court, Montana Supreme Court, lowa
Supreme Court, Nebraska Supreme
Court, New Mexico Supreme Court,
Proceedings of the Constitutional
Convention of Utah, besides numer
ous text-books, session laws and pro
ceedings of state and local bar asso
ciations.
A large number of books have been
added to the Law Library during the
present college year. About seven
hundred new volumes have been
placed on the shelves and new sets of
reports and periodicals are being
added constantly. Among the more
important accessions are the Ameri
can and English Encyclopedia of Law
(2d edition), the Encyclopedia of
Pleading and Practice, Kerr's Cyclo
pedic Codes of California, and com
plete sets, up to the Reporter Sys
tem, of the reports of the Indiana
Supreme Court, Missouri Appeals
Court, Texas Supreme Court, Texas
Court of Criminal Appeals, Utah Su
preme Court, Wyoming Supreme
Court, Montana Supreme Court, lowa
Supreme Court, Nebraska Supreme
Court, New Mexico Supreme Court,
Proceedings of the Constitutional
Convention of Utah, besides numer
ous text-books, session laws and pro
ceedings of state and local bar asso
ciations.
A large number of books have been
added to the Law Library during the
present college year. About seven
hundred new volumes have been
placed on the shelves and new sets of
reports and periodicals are being
added constantly. Among the more
important accessions are the Ameri
can and English Encyclopedia of Law
(2d edition), the Encyclopedia of
Pleading and Practice, Kerr's Cyclo
pedic Codes of California, and com
plete sets, up to the Reporter Sys
tem, of the reports of the Indiana
Supreme Court, Missouri Appeals
Court, Texas Supreme Court, Texas
Court of Criminal Appeals, Utah Su
preme Court, Wyoming Supreme
Court, Montana Supreme Court, lowa
Supreme Court, Nebraska Supreme
Court, New Mexico Supreme Court,
Proceedings of the Constitutional
Convention of Utah, besides numer
ous text-books, session laws and pro
ceedings of state and local bar asso
ciations.
A large number of books have been
added to the Law Library during the
present college year. About seven
hundred new volumes have been
placed on the shelves and new sets of
reports and periodicals are being
added constantly. Among the more
important accessions are the Ameri
can and English Encyclopedia of Law
(2d edition), the Encyclopedia of
Pleading and Practice, Kerr's Cyclo
pedic Codes of California, and com
plete sets, up to the Reporter Sys
tem, of the reports of the Indiana
Supreme Court, Missouri Appeals
Court, Texas Supreme Court, Texas
Court of Criminal Appeals, Utah Su
preme Court, Wyoming Supreme
Court, Montana Supreme Court, lowa
Supreme Court, Nebraska Supreme
Court, New Mexico Supreme Court,
Proceedings of the Constitutional
Convention of Utah, besides numer
ous text-books, session laws and pro
ceedings of state and local bar asso
ciations.
A large number of books have been
added to the Law Library during the
present college year. About seven
hundred new volumes have been
placed on the shelves and new sets of
reports and periodicals are being
added constantly. Among the more
important accessions are the Ameri
can and English Encyclopedia of Law
(2d edition), the Encyclopedia of
Pleading and Practice, Kerr's Cyclo
pedic Codes of California, and com
plete sets, up to the Reporter Sys
tem, of the reports of the Indiana
Supreme Court, Missouri Appeals
Court, Texas Supreme Court, Texas
Court of Criminal Appeals, Utah Su
preme Court, Wyoming Supreme
Court, Montana Supreme Court, lowa
Supreme Court, Nebraska Supreme
Court, New Mexico Supreme Court,
Proceedings of the Constitutional
Convention of Utah, besides numer
ous text-books, session laws and pro
ceedings of state and local bar asso
ciations.
A large number of books have been
added to the Law Library during the
present college year. About seven
hundred new volumes have been
placed on the shelves and new sets of
reports and periodicals are being
added constantly. Among the more
important accessions are the Ameri
can and English Encyclopedia of Law
(2d edition), the Encyclopedia of
Pleading and Practice, Kerr's Cyclo
pedic Codes of California, and com
plete sets, up to the Reporter Sys
tem, of the reports of the Indiana
Supreme Court, Missouri Appeals
Court, Texas Supreme Court, Texas
Court of Criminal Appeals, Utah Su
preme Court, Wyoming Supreme
Court, Montana Supreme Court, lowa
Supreme Court, Nebraska Supreme
Court, New Mexico Supreme Court,
Proceedings of the Constitutional
Convention of Utah, besides numer
ous text-books, session laws and pro
ceedings of state and local bar asso
ciations.
A large number of books have been
added to the Law Library during the
present college year. About seven
hundred new volumes have been
placed on the shelves and new sets of
reports and periodicals are being
added constantly. Among the more
important accessions are the Ameri
can and English Encyclopedia of Law
(2d edition), the Encyclopedia of
Pleading and Practice, Kerr's Cyclo
pedic Codes of California, and com
plete sets, up to the Reporter Sys
tem, of the reports of the Indiana
Supreme Court, Missouri Appeals
Court, Texas Supreme Court, Texas
Court of Criminal Appeals, Utah Su
preme Court, Wyoming Supreme
Court, Montana Supreme Court, lowa
Supreme Court, Nebraska Supreme
Court, New Mexico Supreme Court,
Proceedings of the Constitutional
Convention of Utah, besides numer
ous text-books, session laws and pro
ceedings of state and local bar asso
ciations.
A large number of books have been
added to the Law Library during the
present college year. About seven
hundred new volumes have been
placed on the shelves and new sets of
reports and periodicals are being
added constantly. Among the more
important accessions are the Ameri
can and English Encyclopedia of Law
(2d edition), the Encyclopedia of
Pleading and Practice, Kerr's Cyclo
pedic Codes of California, and com
plete sets, up to the Reporter Sys
tem, of the reports of the Indiana
Supreme Court, Missouri Appeals
Court, Texas Supreme Court, Texas
Court of Criminal Appeals, Utah Su
preme Court, Wyoming Supreme
Court, Montana Supreme Court, lowa
Supreme Court, Nebraska Supreme
Court, New Mexico Supreme Court,
Proceedings of the Constitutional
Convention of Utah, besides numer
ous text-books, session laws and pro
ceedings of state and local bar asso
ciations.
