# AROUND THE WORLD
## Russians Veto Secret German Elections 
### 
GENEVA, Nov. X (U.R) — Soviet
Foreign Minister V. M. Molotov to
day torpedoed hopes of an East-
West settlement on Germany in the
foreseeable future with a crushing
rejection of the Western plan tor
free and secret German elections.
The West finally succeeded in
smoking out the Russian position of
German reunification at today's con
ference session. But the negative
answer only threw the talks into
confusion and appeared to kill all
hopes of a cold war settlement at
Geneva.
Molotov, in a blunt, uncompro
mising speech to the conference,
made it clear that Russia has no in
tention of releasing its tight grip on
Communist East Germany.
The Big Three Western delegations
promptly issued a joint statement
saying it was "clear beyond doubt"
that the Soviets want a "completely
Commiinized" Germany.
GENEVA, Nov. X (U.R) — Soviet
Foreign Minister V. M. Molotov to
day torpedoed hopes of an East-
West settlement on Germany in the
foreseeable future with a crushing
rejection of the Western plan tor
free and secret German elections.
The West finally succeeded in
smoking out the Russian position of
German reunification at today's con
ference session. But the negative
answer only threw the talks into
confusion and appeared to kill all
hopes of a cold war settlement at
Geneva.
Molotov, in a blunt, uncompro
mising speech to the conference,
made it clear that Russia has no in
tention of releasing its tight grip on
Communist East Germany.
The Big Three Western delegations
promptly issued a joint statement
saying it was "clear beyond doubt"
that the Soviets want a "completely
Commiinized" Germany.
GENEVA, Nov. X (U.R) — Soviet
Foreign Minister V. M. Molotov to
day torpedoed hopes of an East-
West settlement on Germany in the
foreseeable future with a crushing
rejection of the Western plan tor
free and secret German elections.
The West finally succeeded in
smoking out the Russian position of
German reunification at today's con
ference session. But the negative
answer only threw the talks into
confusion and appeared to kill all
hopes of a cold war settlement at
Geneva.
Molotov, in a blunt, uncompro
mising speech to the conference,
made it clear that Russia has no in
tention of releasing its tight grip on
Communist East Germany.
The Big Three Western delegations
promptly issued a joint statement
saying it was "clear beyond doubt"
that the Soviets want a "completely
Commiinized" Germany.
GENEVA, Nov. X (U.R) — Soviet
Foreign Minister V. M. Molotov to
day torpedoed hopes of an East-
West settlement on Germany in the
foreseeable future with a crushing
rejection of the Western plan tor
free and secret German elections.
The West finally succeeded in
smoking out the Russian position of
German reunification at today's con
ference session. But the negative
answer only threw the talks into
confusion and appeared to kill all
hopes of a cold war settlement at
Geneva.
Molotov, in a blunt, uncompro
mising speech to the conference,
made it clear that Russia has no in
tention of releasing its tight grip on
Communist East Germany.
The Big Three Western delegations
promptly issued a joint statement
saying it was "clear beyond doubt"
that the Soviets want a "completely
Commiinized" Germany.
GENEVA, Nov. X (U.R) — Soviet
Foreign Minister V. M. Molotov to
day torpedoed hopes of an East-
West settlement on Germany in the
foreseeable future with a crushing
rejection of the Western plan tor
free and secret German elections.
The West finally succeeded in
smoking out the Russian position of
German reunification at today's con
ference session. But the negative
answer only threw the talks into
confusion and appeared to kill all
hopes of a cold war settlement at
Geneva.
Molotov, in a blunt, uncompro
mising speech to the conference,
made it clear that Russia has no in
tention of releasing its tight grip on
Communist East Germany.
The Big Three Western delegations
promptly issued a joint statement
saying it was "clear beyond doubt"
that the Soviets want a "completely
Commiinized" Germany.
GENEVA, Nov. X (U.R) — Soviet
Foreign Minister V. M. Molotov to
day torpedoed hopes of an East-
West settlement on Germany in the
foreseeable future with a crushing
rejection of the Western plan tor
free and secret German elections.
The West finally succeeded in
smoking out the Russian position of
German reunification at today's con
ference session. But the negative
answer only threw the talks into
confusion and appeared to kill all
hopes of a cold war settlement at
Geneva.
Molotov, in a blunt, uncompro
mising speech to the conference,
made it clear that Russia has no in
tention of releasing its tight grip on
Communist East Germany.
The Big Three Western delegations
promptly issued a joint statement
saying it was "clear beyond doubt"
that the Soviets want a "completely
Commiinized" Germany.
GENEVA, Nov. X (U.R) — Soviet
Foreign Minister V. M. Molotov to
day torpedoed hopes of an East-
West settlement on Germany in the
foreseeable future with a crushing
rejection of the Western plan tor
free and secret German elections.
The West finally succeeded in
smoking out the Russian position of
German reunification at today's con
ference session. But the negative
answer only threw the talks into
confusion and appeared to kill all
hopes of a cold war settlement at
Geneva.
Molotov, in a blunt, uncompro
mising speech to the conference,
made it clear that Russia has no in
tention of releasing its tight grip on
Communist East Germany.
The Big Three Western delegations
promptly issued a joint statement
saying it was "clear beyond doubt"
that the Soviets want a "completely
Commiinized" Germany.
GENEVA, Nov. X (U.R) — Soviet
Foreign Minister V. M. Molotov to
day torpedoed hopes of an East-
West settlement on Germany in the
foreseeable future with a crushing
rejection of the Western plan tor
free and secret German elections.
The West finally succeeded in
smoking out the Russian position of
German reunification at today's con
ference session. But the negative
answer only threw the talks into
confusion and appeared to kill all
hopes of a cold war settlement at
Geneva.
Molotov, in a blunt, uncompro
mising speech to the conference,
made it clear that Russia has no in
tention of releasing its tight grip on
Communist East Germany.
The Big Three Western delegations
promptly issued a joint statement
saying it was "clear beyond doubt"
that the Soviets want a "completely
Commiinized" Germany.
GENEVA, Nov. X (U.R) — Soviet
Foreign Minister V. M. Molotov to
day torpedoed hopes of an East-
West settlement on Germany in the
foreseeable future with a crushing
rejection of the Western plan tor
free and secret German elections.
The West finally succeeded in
smoking out the Russian position of
German reunification at today's con
ference session. But the negative
answer only threw the talks into
confusion and appeared to kill all
hopes of a cold war settlement at
Geneva.
Molotov, in a blunt, uncompro
mising speech to the conference,
made it clear that Russia has no in
tention of releasing its tight grip on
Communist East Germany.
The Big Three Western delegations
promptly issued a joint statement
saying it was "clear beyond doubt"
that the Soviets want a "completely
Commiinized" Germany.
GENEVA, Nov. X (U.R) — Soviet
Foreign Minister V. M. Molotov to
day torpedoed hopes of an East-
West settlement on Germany in the
foreseeable future with a crushing
rejection of the Western plan tor
free and secret German elections.
The West finally succeeded in
smoking out the Russian position of
German reunification at today's con
ference session. But the negative
answer only threw the talks into
confusion and appeared to kill all
hopes of a cold war settlement at
Geneva.
Molotov, in a blunt, uncompro
mising speech to the conference,
made it clear that Russia has no in
tention of releasing its tight grip on
Communist East Germany.
The Big Three Western delegations
promptly issued a joint statement
saying it was "clear beyond doubt"
that the Soviets want a "completely
Commiinized" Germany.
GENEVA, Nov. X (U.R) — Soviet
Foreign Minister V. M. Molotov to
day torpedoed hopes of an East-
West settlement on Germany in the
foreseeable future with a crushing
rejection of the Western plan tor
free and secret German elections.
The West finally succeeded in
smoking out the Russian position of
German reunification at today's con
ference session. But the negative
answer only threw the talks into
confusion and appeared to kill all
hopes of a cold war settlement at
Geneva.
Molotov, in a blunt, uncompro
mising speech to the conference,
made it clear that Russia has no in
tention of releasing its tight grip on
Communist East Germany.
The Big Three Western delegations
promptly issued a joint statement
saying it was "clear beyond doubt"
that the Soviets want a "completely
Commiinized" Germany.
GENEVA, Nov. X (U.R) — Soviet
Foreign Minister V. M. Molotov to
day torpedoed hopes of an East-
West settlement on Germany in the
foreseeable future with a crushing
rejection of the Western plan tor
free and secret German elections.
The West finally succeeded in
smoking out the Russian position of
German reunification at today's con
ference session. But the negative
answer only threw the talks into
confusion and appeared to kill all
hopes of a cold war settlement at
Geneva.
Molotov, in a blunt, uncompro
mising speech to the conference,
made it clear that Russia has no in
tention of releasing its tight grip on
Communist East Germany.
The Big Three Western delegations
promptly issued a joint statement
saying it was "clear beyond doubt"
that the Soviets want a "completely
Commiinized" Germany.
GENEVA, Nov. X (U.R) — Soviet
Foreign Minister V. M. Molotov to
day torpedoed hopes of an East-
West settlement on Germany in the
foreseeable future with a crushing
rejection of the Western plan tor
free and secret German elections.
The West finally succeeded in
smoking out the Russian position of
German reunification at today's con
ference session. But the negative
answer only threw the talks into
confusion and appeared to kill all
hopes of a cold war settlement at
Geneva.
Molotov, in a blunt, uncompro
mising speech to the conference,
made it clear that Russia has no in
tention of releasing its tight grip on
Communist East Germany.
The Big Three Western delegations
promptly issued a joint statement
saying it was "clear beyond doubt"
that the Soviets want a "completely
Commiinized" Germany.
GENEVA, Nov. X (U.R) — Soviet
Foreign Minister V. M. Molotov to
day torpedoed hopes of an East-
West settlement on Germany in the
foreseeable future with a crushing
rejection of the Western plan tor
free and secret German elections.
The West finally succeeded in
smoking out the Russian position of
German reunification at today's con
ference session. But the negative
answer only threw the talks into
confusion and appeared to kill all
hopes of a cold war settlement at
Geneva.
Molotov, in a blunt, uncompro
mising speech to the conference,
made it clear that Russia has no in
tention of releasing its tight grip on
Communist East Germany.
The Big Three Western delegations
promptly issued a joint statement
saying it was "clear beyond doubt"
that the Soviets want a "completely
Commiinized" Germany.
GENEVA, Nov. X (U.R) — Soviet
Foreign Minister V. M. Molotov to
day torpedoed hopes of an East-
West settlement on Germany in the
foreseeable future with a crushing
rejection of the Western plan tor
free and secret German elections.
The West finally succeeded in
smoking out the Russian position of
German reunification at today's con
ference session. But the negative
answer only threw the talks into
confusion and appeared to kill all
hopes of a cold war settlement at
Geneva.
Molotov, in a blunt, uncompro
mising speech to the conference,
made it clear that Russia has no in
tention of releasing its tight grip on
Communist East Germany.
The Big Three Western delegations
promptly issued a joint statement
saying it was "clear beyond doubt"
that the Soviets want a "completely
Commiinized" Germany.
