# Sunday Flicks Admission Limited
## 
### 
Bill Tooley reported today that in
the future only members of the
"Stanford Family" will be admitted
to the Sunday Evening Movies. Re
cent complaints of disturbance will
make necessary a stricter, enforce
ment of the policy to allow only
Stanford students, professors, mem
bers of the administration and their
immediate families to attend the
movies.
Bill Tooley reported today that in
the future only members of the
"Stanford Family" will be admitted
to the Sunday Evening Movies. Re
cent complaints of disturbance will
make necessary a stricter, enforce
ment of the policy to allow only
Stanford students, professors, mem
bers of the administration and their
immediate families to attend the
movies.
Bill Tooley reported today that in
the future only members of the
"Stanford Family" will be admitted
to the Sunday Evening Movies. Re
cent complaints of disturbance will
make necessary a stricter, enforce
ment of the policy to allow only
Stanford students, professors, mem
bers of the administration and their
immediate families to attend the
movies.
Bill Tooley reported today that in
the future only members of the
"Stanford Family" will be admitted
to the Sunday Evening Movies. Re
cent complaints of disturbance will
make necessary a stricter, enforce
ment of the policy to allow only
Stanford students, professors, mem
bers of the administration and their
immediate families to attend the
movies.
Bill Tooley reported today that in
the future only members of the
"Stanford Family" will be admitted
to the Sunday Evening Movies. Re
cent complaints of disturbance will
make necessary a stricter, enforce
ment of the policy to allow only
Stanford students, professors, mem
bers of the administration and their
immediate families to attend the
movies.
Bill Tooley reported today that in
the future only members of the
"Stanford Family" will be admitted
to the Sunday Evening Movies. Re
cent complaints of disturbance will
make necessary a stricter, enforce
ment of the policy to allow only
Stanford students, professors, mem
bers of the administration and their
immediate families to attend the
movies.
Bill Tooley reported today that in
the future only members of the
"Stanford Family" will be admitted
to the Sunday Evening Movies. Re
cent complaints of disturbance will
make necessary a stricter, enforce
ment of the policy to allow only
Stanford students, professors, mem
bers of the administration and their
immediate families to attend the
movies.
Bill Tooley reported today that in
the future only members of the
"Stanford Family" will be admitted
to the Sunday Evening Movies. Re
cent complaints of disturbance will
make necessary a stricter, enforce
ment of the policy to allow only
Stanford students, professors, mem
bers of the administration and their
immediate families to attend the
movies.
Bill Tooley reported today that in
the future only members of the
"Stanford Family" will be admitted
to the Sunday Evening Movies. Re
cent complaints of disturbance will
make necessary a stricter, enforce
ment of the policy to allow only
Stanford students, professors, mem
bers of the administration and their
immediate families to attend the
movies.
Bill Tooley reported today that in
the future only members of the
"Stanford Family" will be admitted
to the Sunday Evening Movies. Re
cent complaints of disturbance will
make necessary a stricter, enforce
ment of the policy to allow only
Stanford students, professors, mem
bers of the administration and their
immediate families to attend the
movies.
Bill Tooley reported today that in
the future only members of the
"Stanford Family" will be admitted
to the Sunday Evening Movies. Re
cent complaints of disturbance will
make necessary a stricter, enforce
ment of the policy to allow only
Stanford students, professors, mem
bers of the administration and their
immediate families to attend the
movies.
Bill Tooley reported today that in
the future only members of the
"Stanford Family" will be admitted
to the Sunday Evening Movies. Re
cent complaints of disturbance will
make necessary a stricter, enforce
ment of the policy to allow only
Stanford students, professors, mem
bers of the administration and their
immediate families to attend the
movies.
Bill Tooley reported today that in
the future only members of the
"Stanford Family" will be admitted
to the Sunday Evening Movies. Re
cent complaints of disturbance will
make necessary a stricter, enforce
ment of the policy to allow only
Stanford students, professors, mem
bers of the administration and their
immediate families to attend the
movies.
Bill Tooley reported today that in
the future only members of the
"Stanford Family" will be admitted
to the Sunday Evening Movies. Re
cent complaints of disturbance will
make necessary a stricter, enforce
ment of the policy to allow only
Stanford students, professors, mem
bers of the administration and their
immediate families to attend the
movies.
Bill Tooley reported today that in
the future only members of the
"Stanford Family" will be admitted
to the Sunday Evening Movies. Re
cent complaints of disturbance will
make necessary a stricter, enforce
ment of the policy to allow only
Stanford students, professors, mem
bers of the administration and their
immediate families to attend the
movies.
