# Young Republican Vote Wednesday
## 
### 
This Wednesday at 8 p.m. the
Young Republicans of the Stanford
Area will hold their annual Novem
ber election and dance in the Re
publican Room at Betty and Lee's
Restaurant.
For rides, interested parties may
call Charles Brookhouse and John
Caple at Wilbur, Peggy Graham at
Branner, Gracia Blaettler at Lag,
Jim Bass at Delta Chi, or Cliff Kim
ber at Theta Chi.
This meeting is open to members
only. However, cards will be sold
at the meeting.
This Wednesday at 8 p.m. the
Young Republicans of the Stanford
Area will hold their annual Novem
ber election and dance in the Re
publican Room at Betty and Lee's
Restaurant.
For rides, interested parties may
call Charles Brookhouse and John
Caple at Wilbur, Peggy Graham at
Branner, Gracia Blaettler at Lag,
Jim Bass at Delta Chi, or Cliff Kim
ber at Theta Chi.
This meeting is open to members
only. However, cards will be sold
at the meeting.
This Wednesday at 8 p.m. the
Young Republicans of the Stanford
Area will hold their annual Novem
ber election and dance in the Re
publican Room at Betty and Lee's
Restaurant.
For rides, interested parties may
call Charles Brookhouse and John
Caple at Wilbur, Peggy Graham at
Branner, Gracia Blaettler at Lag,
Jim Bass at Delta Chi, or Cliff Kim
ber at Theta Chi.
This meeting is open to members
only. However, cards will be sold
at the meeting.
This Wednesday at 8 p.m. the
Young Republicans of the Stanford
Area will hold their annual Novem
ber election and dance in the Re
publican Room at Betty and Lee's
Restaurant.
For rides, interested parties may
call Charles Brookhouse and John
Caple at Wilbur, Peggy Graham at
Branner, Gracia Blaettler at Lag,
Jim Bass at Delta Chi, or Cliff Kim
ber at Theta Chi.
This meeting is open to members
only. However, cards will be sold
at the meeting.
This Wednesday at 8 p.m. the
Young Republicans of the Stanford
Area will hold their annual Novem
ber election and dance in the Re
publican Room at Betty and Lee's
Restaurant.
For rides, interested parties may
call Charles Brookhouse and John
Caple at Wilbur, Peggy Graham at
Branner, Gracia Blaettler at Lag,
Jim Bass at Delta Chi, or Cliff Kim
ber at Theta Chi.
This meeting is open to members
only. However, cards will be sold
at the meeting.
This Wednesday at 8 p.m. the
Young Republicans of the Stanford
Area will hold their annual Novem
ber election and dance in the Re
publican Room at Betty and Lee's
Restaurant.
For rides, interested parties may
call Charles Brookhouse and John
Caple at Wilbur, Peggy Graham at
Branner, Gracia Blaettler at Lag,
Jim Bass at Delta Chi, or Cliff Kim
ber at Theta Chi.
This meeting is open to members
only. However, cards will be sold
at the meeting.
This Wednesday at 8 p.m. the
Young Republicans of the Stanford
Area will hold their annual Novem
ber election and dance in the Re
publican Room at Betty and Lee's
Restaurant.
For rides, interested parties may
call Charles Brookhouse and John
Caple at Wilbur, Peggy Graham at
Branner, Gracia Blaettler at Lag,
Jim Bass at Delta Chi, or Cliff Kim
ber at Theta Chi.
This meeting is open to members
only. However, cards will be sold
at the meeting.
This Wednesday at 8 p.m. the
Young Republicans of the Stanford
Area will hold their annual Novem
ber election and dance in the Re
publican Room at Betty and Lee's
Restaurant.
For rides, interested parties may
call Charles Brookhouse and John
Caple at Wilbur, Peggy Graham at
Branner, Gracia Blaettler at Lag,
Jim Bass at Delta Chi, or Cliff Kim
ber at Theta Chi.
This meeting is open to members
only. However, cards will be sold
at the meeting.
This Wednesday at 8 p.m. the
Young Republicans of the Stanford
Area will hold their annual Novem
ber election and dance in the Re
publican Room at Betty and Lee's
Restaurant.
For rides, interested parties may
call Charles Brookhouse and John
Caple at Wilbur, Peggy Graham at
Branner, Gracia Blaettler at Lag,
Jim Bass at Delta Chi, or Cliff Kim
ber at Theta Chi.
This meeting is open to members
only. However, cards will be sold
at the meeting.
This Wednesday at 8 p.m. the
Young Republicans of the Stanford
Area will hold their annual Novem
ber election and dance in the Re
publican Room at Betty and Lee's
Restaurant.
For rides, interested parties may
call Charles Brookhouse and John
Caple at Wilbur, Peggy Graham at
Branner, Gracia Blaettler at Lag,
Jim Bass at Delta Chi, or Cliff Kim
ber at Theta Chi.
This meeting is open to members
only. However, cards will be sold
at the meeting.
This Wednesday at 8 p.m. the
Young Republicans of the Stanford
Area will hold their annual Novem
ber election and dance in the Re
publican Room at Betty and Lee's
Restaurant.
For rides, interested parties may
call Charles Brookhouse and John
Caple at Wilbur, Peggy Graham at
Branner, Gracia Blaettler at Lag,
Jim Bass at Delta Chi, or Cliff Kim
ber at Theta Chi.
This meeting is open to members
only. However, cards will be sold
at the meeting.
This Wednesday at 8 p.m. the
Young Republicans of the Stanford
Area will hold their annual Novem
ber election and dance in the Re
publican Room at Betty and Lee's
Restaurant.
For rides, interested parties may
call Charles Brookhouse and John
Caple at Wilbur, Peggy Graham at
Branner, Gracia Blaettler at Lag,
Jim Bass at Delta Chi, or Cliff Kim
ber at Theta Chi.
This meeting is open to members
only. However, cards will be sold
at the meeting.
This Wednesday at 8 p.m. the
Young Republicans of the Stanford
Area will hold their annual Novem
ber election and dance in the Re
publican Room at Betty and Lee's
Restaurant.
For rides, interested parties may
call Charles Brookhouse and John
Caple at Wilbur, Peggy Graham at
Branner, Gracia Blaettler at Lag,
Jim Bass at Delta Chi, or Cliff Kim
ber at Theta Chi.
This meeting is open to members
only. However, cards will be sold
at the meeting.
This Wednesday at 8 p.m. the
Young Republicans of the Stanford
Area will hold their annual Novem
ber election and dance in the Re
publican Room at Betty and Lee's
Restaurant.
For rides, interested parties may
call Charles Brookhouse and John
Caple at Wilbur, Peggy Graham at
Branner, Gracia Blaettler at Lag,
Jim Bass at Delta Chi, or Cliff Kim
ber at Theta Chi.
This meeting is open to members
only. However, cards will be sold
at the meeting.
This Wednesday at 8 p.m. the
Young Republicans of the Stanford
Area will hold their annual Novem
ber election and dance in the Re
publican Room at Betty and Lee's
Restaurant.
For rides, interested parties may
call Charles Brookhouse and John
Caple at Wilbur, Peggy Graham at
Branner, Gracia Blaettler at Lag,
Jim Bass at Delta Chi, or Cliff Kim
ber at Theta Chi.
This meeting is open to members
only. However, cards will be sold
at the meeting.
