# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Russel House announces the en
gagement of Ann Maguire '56 to Don
DeLong, Graduate School of Busi
ness.
Russel House announces the en
gagement of Ann Maguire '56 to Don
DeLong, Graduate School of Busi
ness.
Russel House announces the en
gagement of Ann Maguire '56 to Don
DeLong, Graduate School of Busi
ness.
Russel House announces the en
gagement of Ann Maguire '56 to Don
DeLong, Graduate School of Busi
ness.
Russel House announces the en
gagement of Ann Maguire '56 to Don
DeLong, Graduate School of Busi
ness.
Russel House announces the en
gagement of Ann Maguire '56 to Don
DeLong, Graduate School of Busi
ness.
Russel House announces the en
gagement of Ann Maguire '56 to Don
DeLong, Graduate School of Busi
ness.
Russel House announces the en
gagement of Ann Maguire '56 to Don
DeLong, Graduate School of Busi
ness.
Russel House announces the en
gagement of Ann Maguire '56 to Don
DeLong, Graduate School of Busi
ness.
Russel House announces the en
gagement of Ann Maguire '56 to Don
DeLong, Graduate School of Busi
ness.
Russel House announces the en
gagement of Ann Maguire '56 to Don
DeLong, Graduate School of Busi
ness.
Russel House announces the en
gagement of Ann Maguire '56 to Don
DeLong, Graduate School of Busi
ness.
Russel House announces the en
gagement of Ann Maguire '56 to Don
DeLong, Graduate School of Busi
ness.
Russel House announces the en
gagement of Ann Maguire '56 to Don
DeLong, Graduate School of Busi
ness.
Russel House announces the en
gagement of Ann Maguire '56 to Don
DeLong, Graduate School of Busi
ness.
