# Retirement Fund Trustee Elected
## 
### 
Dr. Herbert Dougall, professor of
finance in the Graduate School of
business has been elected trustee of
the College Retirement Equities
Fund, it wasf recently announced.
Dr. Dougall has been professor of
finance at the Stanford University
Graduate School of business since
194(3. He took his B.A. at the Uni
versity of Toronto and his M.B.A.
and Ph.D. at Northwestern Univer
sity where he taught economics and
finance from 1927 until he came to
Stanford. .


DR. HERBERT DOUGALL
Dr. Herbert Dougall, professor of
finance in the Graduate School of
business has been elected trustee of
the College Retirement Equities
Fund, it wasf recently announced.
Dr. Dougall has been professor of
finance at the Stanford University
Graduate School of business since
194(3. He took his B.A. at the Uni
versity of Toronto and his M.B.A.
and Ph.D. at Northwestern Univer
sity where he taught economics and
finance from 1927 until he came to
Stanford. .


DR. HERBERT DOUGALL
Dr. Herbert Dougall, professor of
finance in the Graduate School of
business has been elected trustee of
the College Retirement Equities
Fund, it wasf recently announced.
Dr. Dougall has been professor of
finance at the Stanford University
Graduate School of business since
194(3. He took his B.A. at the Uni
versity of Toronto and his M.B.A.
and Ph.D. at Northwestern Univer
sity where he taught economics and
finance from 1927 until he came to
Stanford. .


DR. HERBERT DOUGALL
Dr. Herbert Dougall, professor of
finance in the Graduate School of
business has been elected trustee of
the College Retirement Equities
Fund, it wasf recently announced.
Dr. Dougall has been professor of
finance at the Stanford University
Graduate School of business since
194(3. He took his B.A. at the Uni
versity of Toronto and his M.B.A.
and Ph.D. at Northwestern Univer
sity where he taught economics and
finance from 1927 until he came to
Stanford. .


DR. HERBERT DOUGALL
Dr. Herbert Dougall, professor of
finance in the Graduate School of
business has been elected trustee of
the College Retirement Equities
Fund, it wasf recently announced.
Dr. Dougall has been professor of
finance at the Stanford University
Graduate School of business since
194(3. He took his B.A. at the Uni
versity of Toronto and his M.B.A.
and Ph.D. at Northwestern Univer
sity where he taught economics and
finance from 1927 until he came to
Stanford. .


DR. HERBERT DOUGALL
Dr. Herbert Dougall, professor of
finance in the Graduate School of
business has been elected trustee of
the College Retirement Equities
Fund, it wasf recently announced.
Dr. Dougall has been professor of
finance at the Stanford University
Graduate School of business since
194(3. He took his B.A. at the Uni
versity of Toronto and his M.B.A.
and Ph.D. at Northwestern Univer
sity where he taught economics and
finance from 1927 until he came to
Stanford. .


DR. HERBERT DOUGALL
Dr. Herbert Dougall, professor of
finance in the Graduate School of
business has been elected trustee of
the College Retirement Equities
Fund, it wasf recently announced.
Dr. Dougall has been professor of
finance at the Stanford University
Graduate School of business since
194(3. He took his B.A. at the Uni
versity of Toronto and his M.B.A.
and Ph.D. at Northwestern Univer
sity where he taught economics and
finance from 1927 until he came to
Stanford. .


DR. HERBERT DOUGALL
Dr. Herbert Dougall, professor of
finance in the Graduate School of
business has been elected trustee of
the College Retirement Equities
Fund, it wasf recently announced.
Dr. Dougall has been professor of
finance at the Stanford University
Graduate School of business since
194(3. He took his B.A. at the Uni
versity of Toronto and his M.B.A.
and Ph.D. at Northwestern Univer
sity where he taught economics and
finance from 1927 until he came to
Stanford. .


DR. HERBERT DOUGALL
Dr. Herbert Dougall, professor of
finance in the Graduate School of
business has been elected trustee of
the College Retirement Equities
Fund, it wasf recently announced.
Dr. Dougall has been professor of
finance at the Stanford University
Graduate School of business since
194(3. He took his B.A. at the Uni
versity of Toronto and his M.B.A.
and Ph.D. at Northwestern Univer
sity where he taught economics and
finance from 1927 until he came to
Stanford. .


DR. HERBERT DOUGALL
Dr. Herbert Dougall, professor of
finance in the Graduate School of
business has been elected trustee of
the College Retirement Equities
Fund, it wasf recently announced.
Dr. Dougall has been professor of
finance at the Stanford University
Graduate School of business since
194(3. He took his B.A. at the Uni
versity of Toronto and his M.B.A.
and Ph.D. at Northwestern Univer
sity where he taught economics and
finance from 1927 until he came to
Stanford. .


DR. HERBERT DOUGALL
Dr. Herbert Dougall, professor of
finance in the Graduate School of
business has been elected trustee of
the College Retirement Equities
Fund, it wasf recently announced.
Dr. Dougall has been professor of
finance at the Stanford University
Graduate School of business since
194(3. He took his B.A. at the Uni
versity of Toronto and his M.B.A.
and Ph.D. at Northwestern Univer
sity where he taught economics and
finance from 1927 until he came to
Stanford. .


DR. HERBERT DOUGALL
Dr. Herbert Dougall, professor of
finance in the Graduate School of
business has been elected trustee of
the College Retirement Equities
Fund, it wasf recently announced.
Dr. Dougall has been professor of
finance at the Stanford University
Graduate School of business since
194(3. He took his B.A. at the Uni
versity of Toronto and his M.B.A.
and Ph.D. at Northwestern Univer
sity where he taught economics and
finance from 1927 until he came to
Stanford. .


DR. HERBERT DOUGALL
Dr. Herbert Dougall, professor of
finance in the Graduate School of
business has been elected trustee of
the College Retirement Equities
Fund, it wasf recently announced.
Dr. Dougall has been professor of
finance at the Stanford University
Graduate School of business since
194(3. He took his B.A. at the Uni
versity of Toronto and his M.B.A.
and Ph.D. at Northwestern Univer
sity where he taught economics and
finance from 1927 until he came to
Stanford. .


DR. HERBERT DOUGALL
Dr. Herbert Dougall, professor of
finance in the Graduate School of
business has been elected trustee of
the College Retirement Equities
Fund, it wasf recently announced.
Dr. Dougall has been professor of
finance at the Stanford University
Graduate School of business since
194(3. He took his B.A. at the Uni
versity of Toronto and his M.B.A.
and Ph.D. at Northwestern Univer
sity where he taught economics and
finance from 1927 until he came to
Stanford. .


DR. HERBERT DOUGALL
Dr. Herbert Dougall, professor of
finance in the Graduate School of
business has been elected trustee of
the College Retirement Equities
Fund, it wasf recently announced.
Dr. Dougall has been professor of
finance at the Stanford University
Graduate School of business since
194(3. He took his B.A. at the Uni
versity of Toronto and his M.B.A.
and Ph.D. at Northwestern Univer
sity where he taught economics and
finance from 1927 until he came to
Stanford. .


DR. HERBERT DOUGALL
