# Fun Stan Tryouts
## 
### 
The Fundamental S t a n d a r d
and Honor Code Commission will
hold tryouts for freshmen and
transfer students this quarter.
Those who are interested should
leave their names in the ASSU
office.
The Fundamental S t a n d a r d
and Honor Code Commission will
hold tryouts for freshmen and
transfer students this quarter.
Those who are interested should
leave their names in the ASSU
office.
The Fundamental S t a n d a r d
and Honor Code Commission will
hold tryouts for freshmen and
transfer students this quarter.
Those who are interested should
leave their names in the ASSU
office.
The Fundamental S t a n d a r d
and Honor Code Commission will
hold tryouts for freshmen and
transfer students this quarter.
Those who are interested should
leave their names in the ASSU
office.
The Fundamental S t a n d a r d
and Honor Code Commission will
hold tryouts for freshmen and
transfer students this quarter.
Those who are interested should
leave their names in the ASSU
office.
The Fundamental S t a n d a r d
and Honor Code Commission will
hold tryouts for freshmen and
transfer students this quarter.
Those who are interested should
leave their names in the ASSU
office.
The Fundamental S t a n d a r d
and Honor Code Commission will
hold tryouts for freshmen and
transfer students this quarter.
Those who are interested should
leave their names in the ASSU
office.
The Fundamental S t a n d a r d
and Honor Code Commission will
hold tryouts for freshmen and
transfer students this quarter.
Those who are interested should
leave their names in the ASSU
office.
The Fundamental S t a n d a r d
and Honor Code Commission will
hold tryouts for freshmen and
transfer students this quarter.
Those who are interested should
leave their names in the ASSU
office.
The Fundamental S t a n d a r d
and Honor Code Commission will
hold tryouts for freshmen and
transfer students this quarter.
Those who are interested should
leave their names in the ASSU
office.
The Fundamental S t a n d a r d
and Honor Code Commission will
hold tryouts for freshmen and
transfer students this quarter.
Those who are interested should
leave their names in the ASSU
office.
The Fundamental S t a n d a r d
and Honor Code Commission will
hold tryouts for freshmen and
transfer students this quarter.
Those who are interested should
leave their names in the ASSU
office.
The Fundamental S t a n d a r d
and Honor Code Commission will
hold tryouts for freshmen and
transfer students this quarter.
Those who are interested should
leave their names in the ASSU
office.
The Fundamental S t a n d a r d
and Honor Code Commission will
hold tryouts for freshmen and
transfer students this quarter.
Those who are interested should
leave their names in the ASSU
office.
The Fundamental S t a n d a r d
and Honor Code Commission will
hold tryouts for freshmen and
transfer students this quarter.
Those who are interested should
leave their names in the ASSU
office.
The Fundamental S t a n d a r d
and Honor Code Commission will
hold tryouts for freshmen and
transfer students this quarter.
Those who are interested should
leave their names in the ASSU
office.
