# Phi Psi's Initiate Random Selection
## 
### 
The 13 actives of the Stanford
chapter of Phi Kappa Psi voted
unanimously last Tuesday night
to adopt a method of "random
selection" as the house's rush
policy this spring.
House president William Holt
said, "The policy can work suc
cessfully within the framework
of the national. In our case the

national took a more liberal
stance than it ever has before."
On November 20, at a meeting
of alumni of the chapter which
was attended by the National
Executive Secretary Ralph Dan
iels a proposal was approved
which stated that "the active
members of the house shall de
termine the method of selec
tion."
Phi Psi has been the scene of
continual debate over merits of
non-selective and selective rush
all fall quarter.
Without some form of selec
tivity in the rush policy, the
chapter could not remain within
the national. After spending 10
hours during rush at the house,
the prospective pledge signs the
list from which names are
drawn. If a member of the house
disapproves of an applicant, the
applicant is notified, and he
must reapply.
Nine members of the original
pledge class of 32 have left the
house during course of the
quarter. Three have dropped out
of Stanford. The others are liv
ing off campus. All those who
have left have said that they
have done so primarily for per
sonal reasons.
Nonetheless there seemed to
be dissatisfaction among many
of them that the chapter had
not gone local. Former pledge
class president Dave Pugh had
said since the beginning of the
school year that he would leave
if the house did not go local
Although the mechanism of
the Phi Psi system of random
selection does not involve a
"bong," some of the pledges dis
like various elements In the me
chanics of the system, and they
will probably leave the house.
All but one of the members of
this year's pledge class partici
pated in a "block pledge" ar
rangement last spring, in which
a large number of freshmen ap
proached the Phi Psi actives
with the proposition that they
be accepted into the house as a
group.
One of the avowed purposes Of
the group was to eliminate much
of what they found objectionable
in the traditional fraternity sys
tem, and they viewed separation
from the national as a neces
sary prerequisite to these
changes.
The 13 actives of the Stanford
chapter of Phi Kappa Psi voted
unanimously last Tuesday night
to adopt a method of "random
selection" as the house's rush
policy this spring.
House president William Holt
said, "The policy can work suc
cessfully within the framework
of the national. In our case the

national took a more liberal
stance than it ever has before."
On November 20, at a meeting
of alumni of the chapter which
was attended by the National
Executive Secretary Ralph Dan
iels a proposal was approved
which stated that "the active
members of the house shall de
termine the method of selec
tion."
Phi Psi has been the scene of
continual debate over merits of
non-selective and selective rush
all fall quarter.
Without some form of selec
tivity in the rush policy, the
chapter could not remain within
the national. After spending 10
hours during rush at the house,
the prospective pledge signs the
list from which names are
drawn. If a member of the house
disapproves of an applicant, the
applicant is notified, and he
must reapply.
Nine members of the original
pledge class of 32 have left the
house during course of the
quarter. Three have dropped out
of Stanford. The others are liv
ing off campus. All those who
have left have said that they
have done so primarily for per
sonal reasons.
Nonetheless there seemed to
be dissatisfaction among many
of them that the chapter had
not gone local. Former pledge
class president Dave Pugh had
said since the beginning of the
school year that he would leave
if the house did not go local
Although the mechanism of
the Phi Psi system of random
selection does not involve a
"bong," some of the pledges dis
like various elements In the me
chanics of the system, and they
will probably leave the house.
All but one of the members of
this year's pledge class partici
pated in a "block pledge" ar
rangement last spring, in which
a large number of freshmen ap
proached the Phi Psi actives
with the proposition that they
be accepted into the house as a
group.
One of the avowed purposes Of
the group was to eliminate much
of what they found objectionable
in the traditional fraternity sys
tem, and they viewed separation
from the national as a neces
sary prerequisite to these
changes.
The 13 actives of the Stanford
chapter of Phi Kappa Psi voted
unanimously last Tuesday night
to adopt a method of "random
selection" as the house's rush
policy this spring.
House president William Holt
said, "The policy can work suc
cessfully within the framework
of the national. In our case the

national took a more liberal
stance than it ever has before."
On November 20, at a meeting
of alumni of the chapter which
was attended by the National
Executive Secretary Ralph Dan
iels a proposal was approved
which stated that "the active
members of the house shall de
termine the method of selec
tion."
Phi Psi has been the scene of
continual debate over merits of
non-selective and selective rush
all fall quarter.
Without some form of selec
tivity in the rush policy, the
chapter could not remain within
the national. After spending 10
hours during rush at the house,
the prospective pledge signs the
list from which names are
drawn. If a member of the house
disapproves of an applicant, the
applicant is notified, and he
must reapply.
Nine members of the original
pledge class of 32 have left the
house during course of the
quarter. Three have dropped out
of Stanford. The others are liv
ing off campus. All those who
have left have said that they
have done so primarily for per
sonal reasons.
Nonetheless there seemed to
be dissatisfaction among many
of them that the chapter had
not gone local. Former pledge
class president Dave Pugh had
said since the beginning of the
school year that he would leave
if the house did not go local
Although the mechanism of
the Phi Psi system of random
selection does not involve a
"bong," some of the pledges dis
like various elements In the me
chanics of the system, and they
will probably leave the house.
All but one of the members of
this year's pledge class partici
pated in a "block pledge" ar
rangement last spring, in which
a large number of freshmen ap
proached the Phi Psi actives
with the proposition that they
be accepted into the house as a
group.
One of the avowed purposes Of
the group was to eliminate much
of what they found objectionable
in the traditional fraternity sys
tem, and they viewed separation
from the national as a neces
sary prerequisite to these
changes.
The 13 actives of the Stanford
chapter of Phi Kappa Psi voted
unanimously last Tuesday night
to adopt a method of "random
selection" as the house's rush
policy this spring.
House president William Holt
said, "The policy can work suc
cessfully within the framework
of the national. In our case the

national took a more liberal
stance than it ever has before."
On November 20, at a meeting
of alumni of the chapter which
was attended by the National
Executive Secretary Ralph Dan
iels a proposal was approved
which stated that "the active
members of the house shall de
termine the method of selec
tion."
Phi Psi has been the scene of
continual debate over merits of
non-selective and selective rush
all fall quarter.
Without some form of selec
tivity in the rush policy, the
chapter could not remain within
the national. After spending 10
hours during rush at the house,
the prospective pledge signs the
list from which names are
drawn. If a member of the house
disapproves of an applicant, the
applicant is notified, and he
must reapply.
Nine members of the original
pledge class of 32 have left the
house during course of the
quarter. Three have dropped out
of Stanford. The others are liv
ing off campus. All those who
have left have said that they
have done so primarily for per
sonal reasons.
Nonetheless there seemed to
be dissatisfaction among many
of them that the chapter had
not gone local. Former pledge
class president Dave Pugh had
said since the beginning of the
school year that he would leave
if the house did not go local
Although the mechanism of
the Phi Psi system of random
selection does not involve a
"bong," some of the pledges dis
like various elements In the me
chanics of the system, and they
will probably leave the house.
All but one of the members of
this year's pledge class partici
pated in a "block pledge" ar
rangement last spring, in which
a large number of freshmen ap
proached the Phi Psi actives
with the proposition that they
be accepted into the house as a
group.
One of the avowed purposes Of
the group was to eliminate much
of what they found objectionable
in the traditional fraternity sys
tem, and they viewed separation
from the national as a neces
sary prerequisite to these
changes.
The 13 actives of the Stanford
chapter of Phi Kappa Psi voted
unanimously last Tuesday night
to adopt a method of "random
selection" as the house's rush
policy this spring.
House president William Holt
said, "The policy can work suc
cessfully within the framework
of the national. In our case the

national took a more liberal
stance than it ever has before."
On November 20, at a meeting
of alumni of the chapter which
was attended by the National
Executive Secretary Ralph Dan
iels a proposal was approved
which stated that "the active
members of the house shall de
termine the method of selec
tion."
Phi Psi has been the scene of
continual debate over merits of
non-selective and selective rush
all fall quarter.
Without some form of selec
tivity in the rush policy, the
chapter could not remain within
the national. After spending 10
hours during rush at the house,
the prospective pledge signs the
list from which names are
drawn. If a member of the house
disapproves of an applicant, the
applicant is notified, and he
must reapply.
Nine members of the original
pledge class of 32 have left the
house during course of the
quarter. Three have dropped out
of Stanford. The others are liv
ing off campus. All those who
have left have said that they
have done so primarily for per
sonal reasons.
Nonetheless there seemed to
be dissatisfaction among many
of them that the chapter had
not gone local. Former pledge
class president Dave Pugh had
said since the beginning of the
school year that he would leave
if the house did not go local
Although the mechanism of
the Phi Psi system of random
selection does not involve a
"bong," some of the pledges dis
like various elements In the me
chanics of the system, and they
will probably leave the house.
All but one of the members of
this year's pledge class partici
pated in a "block pledge" ar
rangement last spring, in which
a large number of freshmen ap
proached the Phi Psi actives
with the proposition that they
be accepted into the house as a
group.
One of the avowed purposes Of
the group was to eliminate much
of what they found objectionable
in the traditional fraternity sys
tem, and they viewed separation
from the national as a neces
sary prerequisite to these
changes.
The 13 actives of the Stanford
chapter of Phi Kappa Psi voted
unanimously last Tuesday night
to adopt a method of "random
selection" as the house's rush
policy this spring.
House president William Holt
said, "The policy can work suc
cessfully within the framework
of the national. In our case the

national took a more liberal
stance than it ever has before."
On November 20, at a meeting
of alumni of the chapter which
was attended by the National
Executive Secretary Ralph Dan
iels a proposal was approved
which stated that "the active
members of the house shall de
termine the method of selec
tion."
Phi Psi has been the scene of
continual debate over merits of
non-selective and selective rush
all fall quarter.
Without some form of selec
tivity in the rush policy, the
chapter could not remain within
the national. After spending 10
hours during rush at the house,
the prospective pledge signs the
list from which names are
drawn. If a member of the house
disapproves of an applicant, the
applicant is notified, and he
must reapply.
Nine members of the original
pledge class of 32 have left the
house during course of the
quarter. Three have dropped out
of Stanford. The others are liv
ing off campus. All those who
have left have said that they
have done so primarily for per
sonal reasons.
Nonetheless there seemed to
be dissatisfaction among many
of them that the chapter had
not gone local. Former pledge
class president Dave Pugh had
said since the beginning of the
school year that he would leave
if the house did not go local
Although the mechanism of
the Phi Psi system of random
selection does not involve a
"bong," some of the pledges dis
like various elements In the me
chanics of the system, and they
will probably leave the house.
All but one of the members of
this year's pledge class partici
pated in a "block pledge" ar
rangement last spring, in which
a large number of freshmen ap
proached the Phi Psi actives
with the proposition that they
be accepted into the house as a
group.
One of the avowed purposes Of
the group was to eliminate much
of what they found objectionable
in the traditional fraternity sys
tem, and they viewed separation
from the national as a neces
sary prerequisite to these
changes.
The 13 actives of the Stanford
chapter of Phi Kappa Psi voted
unanimously last Tuesday night
to adopt a method of "random
selection" as the house's rush
policy this spring.
House president William Holt
said, "The policy can work suc
cessfully within the framework
of the national. In our case the

national took a more liberal
stance than it ever has before."
On November 20, at a meeting
of alumni of the chapter which
was attended by the National
Executive Secretary Ralph Dan
iels a proposal was approved
which stated that "the active
members of the house shall de
termine the method of selec
tion."
Phi Psi has been the scene of
continual debate over merits of
non-selective and selective rush
all fall quarter.
Without some form of selec
tivity in the rush policy, the
chapter could not remain within
the national. After spending 10
hours during rush at the house,
the prospective pledge signs the
list from which names are
drawn. If a member of the house
disapproves of an applicant, the
applicant is notified, and he
must reapply.
Nine members of the original
pledge class of 32 have left the
house during course of the
quarter. Three have dropped out
of Stanford. The others are liv
ing off campus. All those who
have left have said that they
have done so primarily for per
sonal reasons.
Nonetheless there seemed to
be dissatisfaction among many
of them that the chapter had
not gone local. Former pledge
class president Dave Pugh had
said since the beginning of the
school year that he would leave
if the house did not go local
Although the mechanism of
the Phi Psi system of random
selection does not involve a
"bong," some of the pledges dis
like various elements In the me
chanics of the system, and they
will probably leave the house.
All but one of the members of
this year's pledge class partici
pated in a "block pledge" ar
rangement last spring, in which
a large number of freshmen ap
proached the Phi Psi actives
with the proposition that they
be accepted into the house as a
group.
One of the avowed purposes Of
the group was to eliminate much
of what they found objectionable
in the traditional fraternity sys
tem, and they viewed separation
from the national as a neces
sary prerequisite to these
changes.
The 13 actives of the Stanford
chapter of Phi Kappa Psi voted
unanimously last Tuesday night
to adopt a method of "random
selection" as the house's rush
policy this spring.
House president William Holt
said, "The policy can work suc
cessfully within the framework
of the national. In our case the

national took a more liberal
stance than it ever has before."
On November 20, at a meeting
of alumni of the chapter which
was attended by the National
Executive Secretary Ralph Dan
iels a proposal was approved
which stated that "the active
members of the house shall de
termine the method of selec
tion."
Phi Psi has been the scene of
continual debate over merits of
non-selective and selective rush
all fall quarter.
Without some form of selec
tivity in the rush policy, the
chapter could not remain within
the national. After spending 10
hours during rush at the house,
the prospective pledge signs the
list from which names are
drawn. If a member of the house
disapproves of an applicant, the
applicant is notified, and he
must reapply.
Nine members of the original
pledge class of 32 have left the
house during course of the
quarter. Three have dropped out
of Stanford. The others are liv
ing off campus. All those who
have left have said that they
have done so primarily for per
sonal reasons.
Nonetheless there seemed to
be dissatisfaction among many
of them that the chapter had
not gone local. Former pledge
class president Dave Pugh had
said since the beginning of the
school year that he would leave
if the house did not go local
Although the mechanism of
the Phi Psi system of random
selection does not involve a
"bong," some of the pledges dis
like various elements In the me
chanics of the system, and they
will probably leave the house.
All but one of the members of
this year's pledge class partici
pated in a "block pledge" ar
rangement last spring, in which
a large number of freshmen ap
proached the Phi Psi actives
with the proposition that they
be accepted into the house as a
group.
One of the avowed purposes Of
the group was to eliminate much
of what they found objectionable
in the traditional fraternity sys
tem, and they viewed separation
from the national as a neces
sary prerequisite to these
changes.
The 13 actives of the Stanford
chapter of Phi Kappa Psi voted
unanimously last Tuesday night
to adopt a method of "random
selection" as the house's rush
policy this spring.
House president William Holt
said, "The policy can work suc
cessfully within the framework
of the national. In our case the

national took a more liberal
stance than it ever has before."
On November 20, at a meeting
of alumni of the chapter which
was attended by the National
Executive Secretary Ralph Dan
iels a proposal was approved
which stated that "the active
members of the house shall de
termine the method of selec
tion."
Phi Psi has been the scene of
continual debate over merits of
non-selective and selective rush
all fall quarter.
Without some form of selec
tivity in the rush policy, the
chapter could not remain within
the national. After spending 10
hours during rush at the house,
the prospective pledge signs the
list from which names are
drawn. If a member of the house
disapproves of an applicant, the
applicant is notified, and he
must reapply.
Nine members of the original
pledge class of 32 have left the
house during course of the
quarter. Three have dropped out
of Stanford. The others are liv
ing off campus. All those who
have left have said that they
have done so primarily for per
sonal reasons.
Nonetheless there seemed to
be dissatisfaction among many
of them that the chapter had
not gone local. Former pledge
class president Dave Pugh had
said since the beginning of the
school year that he would leave
if the house did not go local
Although the mechanism of
the Phi Psi system of random
selection does not involve a
"bong," some of the pledges dis
like various elements In the me
chanics of the system, and they
will probably leave the house.
All but one of the members of
this year's pledge class partici
pated in a "block pledge" ar
rangement last spring, in which
a large number of freshmen ap
proached the Phi Psi actives
with the proposition that they
be accepted into the house as a
group.
One of the avowed purposes Of
the group was to eliminate much
of what they found objectionable
in the traditional fraternity sys
tem, and they viewed separation
from the national as a neces
sary prerequisite to these
changes.
The 13 actives of the Stanford
chapter of Phi Kappa Psi voted
unanimously last Tuesday night
to adopt a method of "random
selection" as the house's rush
policy this spring.
House president William Holt
said, "The policy can work suc
cessfully within the framework
of the national. In our case the

national took a more liberal
stance than it ever has before."
On November 20, at a meeting
of alumni of the chapter which
was attended by the National
Executive Secretary Ralph Dan
iels a proposal was approved
which stated that "the active
members of the house shall de
termine the method of selec
tion."
Phi Psi has been the scene of
continual debate over merits of
non-selective and selective rush
all fall quarter.
Without some form of selec
tivity in the rush policy, the
chapter could not remain within
the national. After spending 10
hours during rush at the house,
the prospective pledge signs the
list from which names are
drawn. If a member of the house
disapproves of an applicant, the
applicant is notified, and he
must reapply.
Nine members of the original
pledge class of 32 have left the
house during course of the
quarter. Three have dropped out
of Stanford. The others are liv
ing off campus. All those who
have left have said that they
have done so primarily for per
sonal reasons.
Nonetheless there seemed to
be dissatisfaction among many
of them that the chapter had
not gone local. Former pledge
class president Dave Pugh had
said since the beginning of the
school year that he would leave
if the house did not go local
Although the mechanism of
the Phi Psi system of random
selection does not involve a
"bong," some of the pledges dis
like various elements In the me
chanics of the system, and they
will probably leave the house.
All but one of the members of
this year's pledge class partici
pated in a "block pledge" ar
rangement last spring, in which
a large number of freshmen ap
proached the Phi Psi actives
with the proposition that they
be accepted into the house as a
group.
One of the avowed purposes Of
the group was to eliminate much
of what they found objectionable
in the traditional fraternity sys
tem, and they viewed separation
from the national as a neces
sary prerequisite to these
changes.
The 13 actives of the Stanford
chapter of Phi Kappa Psi voted
unanimously last Tuesday night
to adopt a method of "random
selection" as the house's rush
policy this spring.
House president William Holt
said, "The policy can work suc
cessfully within the framework
of the national. In our case the

national took a more liberal
stance than it ever has before."
On November 20, at a meeting
of alumni of the chapter which
was attended by the National
Executive Secretary Ralph Dan
iels a proposal was approved
which stated that "the active
members of the house shall de
termine the method of selec
tion."
Phi Psi has been the scene of
continual debate over merits of
non-selective and selective rush
all fall quarter.
Without some form of selec
tivity in the rush policy, the
chapter could not remain within
the national. After spending 10
hours during rush at the house,
the prospective pledge signs the
list from which names are
drawn. If a member of the house
disapproves of an applicant, the
applicant is notified, and he
must reapply.
Nine members of the original
pledge class of 32 have left the
house during course of the
quarter. Three have dropped out
of Stanford. The others are liv
ing off campus. All those who
have left have said that they
have done so primarily for per
sonal reasons.
Nonetheless there seemed to
be dissatisfaction among many
of them that the chapter had
not gone local. Former pledge
class president Dave Pugh had
said since the beginning of the
school year that he would leave
if the house did not go local
Although the mechanism of
the Phi Psi system of random
selection does not involve a
"bong," some of the pledges dis
like various elements In the me
chanics of the system, and they
will probably leave the house.
All but one of the members of
this year's pledge class partici
pated in a "block pledge" ar
rangement last spring, in which
a large number of freshmen ap
proached the Phi Psi actives
with the proposition that they
be accepted into the house as a
group.
One of the avowed purposes Of
the group was to eliminate much
of what they found objectionable
in the traditional fraternity sys
tem, and they viewed separation
from the national as a neces
sary prerequisite to these
changes.
The 13 actives of the Stanford
chapter of Phi Kappa Psi voted
unanimously last Tuesday night
to adopt a method of "random
selection" as the house's rush
policy this spring.
House president William Holt
said, "The policy can work suc
cessfully within the framework
of the national. In our case the

national took a more liberal
stance than it ever has before."
On November 20, at a meeting
of alumni of the chapter which
was attended by the National
Executive Secretary Ralph Dan
iels a proposal was approved
which stated that "the active
members of the house shall de
termine the method of selec
tion."
Phi Psi has been the scene of
continual debate over merits of
non-selective and selective rush
all fall quarter.
Without some form of selec
tivity in the rush policy, the
chapter could not remain within
the national. After spending 10
hours during rush at the house,
the prospective pledge signs the
list from which names are
drawn. If a member of the house
disapproves of an applicant, the
applicant is notified, and he
must reapply.
Nine members of the original
pledge class of 32 have left the
house during course of the
quarter. Three have dropped out
of Stanford. The others are liv
ing off campus. All those who
have left have said that they
have done so primarily for per
sonal reasons.
Nonetheless there seemed to
be dissatisfaction among many
of them that the chapter had
not gone local. Former pledge
class president Dave Pugh had
said since the beginning of the
school year that he would leave
if the house did not go local
Although the mechanism of
the Phi Psi system of random
selection does not involve a
"bong," some of the pledges dis
like various elements In the me
chanics of the system, and they
will probably leave the house.
All but one of the members of
this year's pledge class partici
pated in a "block pledge" ar
rangement last spring, in which
a large number of freshmen ap
proached the Phi Psi actives
with the proposition that they
be accepted into the house as a
group.
One of the avowed purposes Of
the group was to eliminate much
of what they found objectionable
in the traditional fraternity sys
tem, and they viewed separation
from the national as a neces
sary prerequisite to these
changes.
The 13 actives of the Stanford
chapter of Phi Kappa Psi voted
unanimously last Tuesday night
to adopt a method of "random
selection" as the house's rush
policy this spring.
House president William Holt
said, "The policy can work suc
cessfully within the framework
of the national. In our case the

national took a more liberal
stance than it ever has before."
On November 20, at a meeting
of alumni of the chapter which
was attended by the National
Executive Secretary Ralph Dan
iels a proposal was approved
which stated that "the active
members of the house shall de
termine the method of selec
tion."
Phi Psi has been the scene of
continual debate over merits of
non-selective and selective rush
all fall quarter.
Without some form of selec
tivity in the rush policy, the
chapter could not remain within
the national. After spending 10
hours during rush at the house,
the prospective pledge signs the
list from which names are
drawn. If a member of the house
disapproves of an applicant, the
applicant is notified, and he
must reapply.
Nine members of the original
pledge class of 32 have left the
house during course of the
quarter. Three have dropped out
of Stanford. The others are liv
ing off campus. All those who
have left have said that they
have done so primarily for per
sonal reasons.
Nonetheless there seemed to
be dissatisfaction among many
of them that the chapter had
not gone local. Former pledge
class president Dave Pugh had
said since the beginning of the
school year that he would leave
if the house did not go local
Although the mechanism of
the Phi Psi system of random
selection does not involve a
"bong," some of the pledges dis
like various elements In the me
chanics of the system, and they
will probably leave the house.
All but one of the members of
this year's pledge class partici
pated in a "block pledge" ar
rangement last spring, in which
a large number of freshmen ap
proached the Phi Psi actives
with the proposition that they
be accepted into the house as a
group.
One of the avowed purposes Of
the group was to eliminate much
of what they found objectionable
in the traditional fraternity sys
tem, and they viewed separation
from the national as a neces
sary prerequisite to these
changes.
The 13 actives of the Stanford
chapter of Phi Kappa Psi voted
unanimously last Tuesday night
to adopt a method of "random
selection" as the house's rush
policy this spring.
House president William Holt
said, "The policy can work suc
cessfully within the framework
of the national. In our case the

national took a more liberal
stance than it ever has before."
On November 20, at a meeting
of alumni of the chapter which
was attended by the National
Executive Secretary Ralph Dan
iels a proposal was approved
which stated that "the active
members of the house shall de
termine the method of selec
tion."
Phi Psi has been the scene of
continual debate over merits of
non-selective and selective rush
all fall quarter.
Without some form of selec
tivity in the rush policy, the
chapter could not remain within
the national. After spending 10
hours during rush at the house,
the prospective pledge signs the
list from which names are
drawn. If a member of the house
disapproves of an applicant, the
applicant is notified, and he
must reapply.
Nine members of the original
pledge class of 32 have left the
house during course of the
quarter. Three have dropped out
of Stanford. The others are liv
ing off campus. All those who
have left have said that they
have done so primarily for per
sonal reasons.
Nonetheless there seemed to
be dissatisfaction among many
of them that the chapter had
not gone local. Former pledge
class president Dave Pugh had
said since the beginning of the
school year that he would leave
if the house did not go local
Although the mechanism of
the Phi Psi system of random
selection does not involve a
"bong," some of the pledges dis
like various elements In the me
chanics of the system, and they
will probably leave the house.
All but one of the members of
this year's pledge class partici
pated in a "block pledge" ar
rangement last spring, in which
a large number of freshmen ap
proached the Phi Psi actives
with the proposition that they
be accepted into the house as a
group.
One of the avowed purposes Of
the group was to eliminate much
of what they found objectionable
in the traditional fraternity sys
tem, and they viewed separation
from the national as a neces
sary prerequisite to these
changes.
The 13 actives of the Stanford
chapter of Phi Kappa Psi voted
unanimously last Tuesday night
to adopt a method of "random
selection" as the house's rush
policy this spring.
House president William Holt
said, "The policy can work suc
cessfully within the framework
of the national. In our case the

national took a more liberal
stance than it ever has before."
On November 20, at a meeting
of alumni of the chapter which
was attended by the National
Executive Secretary Ralph Dan
iels a proposal was approved
which stated that "the active
members of the house shall de
termine the method of selec
tion."
Phi Psi has been the scene of
continual debate over merits of
non-selective and selective rush
all fall quarter.
Without some form of selec
tivity in the rush policy, the
chapter could not remain within
the national. After spending 10
hours during rush at the house,
the prospective pledge signs the
list from which names are
drawn. If a member of the house
disapproves of an applicant, the
applicant is notified, and he
must reapply.
Nine members of the original
pledge class of 32 have left the
house during course of the
quarter. Three have dropped out
of Stanford. The others are liv
ing off campus. All those who
have left have said that they
have done so primarily for per
sonal reasons.
Nonetheless there seemed to
be dissatisfaction among many
of them that the chapter had
not gone local. Former pledge
class president Dave Pugh had
said since the beginning of the
school year that he would leave
if the house did not go local
Although the mechanism of
the Phi Psi system of random
selection does not involve a
"bong," some of the pledges dis
like various elements In the me
chanics of the system, and they
will probably leave the house.
All but one of the members of
this year's pledge class partici
pated in a "block pledge" ar
rangement last spring, in which
a large number of freshmen ap
proached the Phi Psi actives
with the proposition that they
be accepted into the house as a
group.
One of the avowed purposes Of
the group was to eliminate much
of what they found objectionable
in the traditional fraternity sys
tem, and they viewed separation
from the national as a neces
sary prerequisite to these
changes.
The 13 actives of the Stanford
chapter of Phi Kappa Psi voted
unanimously last Tuesday night
to adopt a method of "random
selection" as the house's rush
policy this spring.
House president William Holt
said, "The policy can work suc
cessfully within the framework
of the national. In our case the

national took a more liberal
stance than it ever has before."
On November 20, at a meeting
of alumni of the chapter which
was attended by the National
Executive Secretary Ralph Dan
iels a proposal was approved
which stated that "the active
members of the house shall de
termine the method of selec
tion."
Phi Psi has been the scene of
continual debate over merits of
non-selective and selective rush
all fall quarter.
Without some form of selec
tivity in the rush policy, the
chapter could not remain within
the national. After spending 10
hours during rush at the house,
the prospective pledge signs the
list from which names are
drawn. If a member of the house
disapproves of an applicant, the
applicant is notified, and he
must reapply.
Nine members of the original
pledge class of 32 have left the
house during course of the
quarter. Three have dropped out
of Stanford. The others are liv
ing off campus. All those who
have left have said that they
have done so primarily for per
sonal reasons.
Nonetheless there seemed to
be dissatisfaction among many
of them that the chapter had
not gone local. Former pledge
class president Dave Pugh had
said since the beginning of the
school year that he would leave
if the house did not go local
Although the mechanism of
the Phi Psi system of random
selection does not involve a
"bong," some of the pledges dis
like various elements In the me
chanics of the system, and they
will probably leave the house.
All but one of the members of
this year's pledge class partici
pated in a "block pledge" ar
rangement last spring, in which
a large number of freshmen ap
proached the Phi Psi actives
with the proposition that they
be accepted into the house as a
group.
One of the avowed purposes Of
the group was to eliminate much
of what they found objectionable
in the traditional fraternity sys
tem, and they viewed separation
from the national as a neces
sary prerequisite to these
changes.
