# Farm Grad Gets Patent On Laser
## 
### 
It took seven and a half years
but the U.S. government has
finally acknowledged that the
scientist who developed the
world's first laser really did in
vent it.
Dr. Theodore H. Maftnan, who
earned his master's from Stan
ford in 1954, and his Ph.D. (Phy
sics) in 1955, was awarded a
patent last week on the ruby
laser he developed in May, 1960.
Then only 33 years old, Mai
mon had won an intense scien
tific race triggered by an an
nouncement in 1958 of a laser
theory which later proved un
workable.
His first laser could be held in
one hand and took its power
input from a standard electrical
outlet. Hailed as the "light fan

tastic" and the "miracle of light,"
its pure red beam had 10,000
watts of power.
For two or three years fol
lowing Maimon's achievement,
the laser was described as "a
solution looking for a problem."
Now, however, it is being used
increasingly in such fields as
medicine, undersea illumination,
metalworking, photography and
holography, military and aero
space range-finding, and elec
tronics.
As Dr. Maimon says,"It is no
longer a question of 'what will
the laser do?' but of 'how fast
will the laser do it?' "
Dr. Maiman has twice been
nominated for the Nobel Prize
and has won the coveted Oliver
E. Buckley Prize of the Ameri
can Physical Society.
