# SCHOLARSHIPS DUE
## 
### 
Scholarship registrations for next
year are now due from undergrad
uate students now registered in the
University and expecting to return
next year. Blanks may be obtained
at the information window of the
Registrar's office. The deadline is
May 15, and applications are urged
to call at onfce for blanks.
Scholarship registrations for next
year are now due from undergrad
uate students now registered in the
University and expecting to return
next year. Blanks may be obtained
at the information window of the
Registrar's office. The deadline is
May 15, and applications are urged
to call at onfce for blanks.
Scholarship registrations for next
year are now due from undergrad
uate students now registered in the
University and expecting to return
next year. Blanks may be obtained
at the information window of the
Registrar's office. The deadline is
May 15, and applications are urged
to call at onfce for blanks.
Scholarship registrations for next
year are now due from undergrad
uate students now registered in the
University and expecting to return
next year. Blanks may be obtained
at the information window of the
Registrar's office. The deadline is
May 15, and applications are urged
to call at onfce for blanks.
Scholarship registrations for next
year are now due from undergrad
uate students now registered in the
University and expecting to return
next year. Blanks may be obtained
at the information window of the
Registrar's office. The deadline is
May 15, and applications are urged
to call at onfce for blanks.
Scholarship registrations for next
year are now due from undergrad
uate students now registered in the
University and expecting to return
next year. Blanks may be obtained
at the information window of the
Registrar's office. The deadline is
May 15, and applications are urged
to call at onfce for blanks.
Scholarship registrations for next
year are now due from undergrad
uate students now registered in the
University and expecting to return
next year. Blanks may be obtained
at the information window of the
Registrar's office. The deadline is
May 15, and applications are urged
to call at onfce for blanks.
Scholarship registrations for next
year are now due from undergrad
uate students now registered in the
University and expecting to return
next year. Blanks may be obtained
at the information window of the
Registrar's office. The deadline is
May 15, and applications are urged
to call at onfce for blanks.
Scholarship registrations for next
year are now due from undergrad
uate students now registered in the
University and expecting to return
next year. Blanks may be obtained
at the information window of the
Registrar's office. The deadline is
May 15, and applications are urged
to call at onfce for blanks.
Scholarship registrations for next
year are now due from undergrad
uate students now registered in the
University and expecting to return
next year. Blanks may be obtained
at the information window of the
Registrar's office. The deadline is
May 15, and applications are urged
to call at onfce for blanks.
Scholarship registrations for next
year are now due from undergrad
uate students now registered in the
University and expecting to return
next year. Blanks may be obtained
at the information window of the
Registrar's office. The deadline is
May 15, and applications are urged
to call at onfce for blanks.
Scholarship registrations for next
year are now due from undergrad
uate students now registered in the
University and expecting to return
next year. Blanks may be obtained
at the information window of the
Registrar's office. The deadline is
May 15, and applications are urged
to call at onfce for blanks.
Scholarship registrations for next
year are now due from undergrad
uate students now registered in the
University and expecting to return
next year. Blanks may be obtained
at the information window of the
Registrar's office. The deadline is
May 15, and applications are urged
to call at onfce for blanks.
Scholarship registrations for next
year are now due from undergrad
uate students now registered in the
University and expecting to return
next year. Blanks may be obtained
at the information window of the
Registrar's office. The deadline is
May 15, and applications are urged
to call at onfce for blanks.
Scholarship registrations for next
year are now due from undergrad
uate students now registered in the
University and expecting to return
next year. Blanks may be obtained
at the information window of the
Registrar's office. The deadline is
May 15, and applications are urged
to call at onfce for blanks.
Scholarship registrations for next
year are now due from undergrad
uate students now registered in the
University and expecting to return
next year. Blanks may be obtained
at the information window of the
Registrar's office. The deadline is
May 15, and applications are urged
to call at onfce for blanks.
Scholarship registrations for next
year are now due from undergrad
uate students now registered in the
University and expecting to return
next year. Blanks may be obtained
at the information window of the
Registrar's office. The deadline is
May 15, and applications are urged
to call at onfce for blanks.
Scholarship registrations for next
year are now due from undergrad
uate students now registered in the
University and expecting to return
next year. Blanks may be obtained
at the information window of the
Registrar's office. The deadline is
May 15, and applications are urged
to call at onfce for blanks.
