# S.J. State College To Give 'Hamlet'
## 
### 
San Jose State College will pre
sent Shakespeare's "Hamlet" in the
college Little Theater April 25
through 26. Three faculty members
are playing heavy roles in the pro
duction, which includes both fac
ulty and student actors. Several
groups of elaborate costumes have
been designed for the presentation.
All seats are reserved for all per
formances. Friday evening's pres
entation is sold out with advanced
sales, but seats for the other eve
nings may be reserved by calling
Ballard 7800 or addressing the
college.
San Jose State College will pre
sent Shakespeare's "Hamlet" in the
college Little Theater April 25
through 26. Three faculty members
are playing heavy roles in the pro
duction, which includes both fac
ulty and student actors. Several
groups of elaborate costumes have
been designed for the presentation.
All seats are reserved for all per
formances. Friday evening's pres
entation is sold out with advanced
sales, but seats for the other eve
nings may be reserved by calling
Ballard 7800 or addressing the
college.
San Jose State College will pre
sent Shakespeare's "Hamlet" in the
college Little Theater April 25
through 26. Three faculty members
are playing heavy roles in the pro
duction, which includes both fac
ulty and student actors. Several
groups of elaborate costumes have
been designed for the presentation.
All seats are reserved for all per
formances. Friday evening's pres
entation is sold out with advanced
sales, but seats for the other eve
nings may be reserved by calling
Ballard 7800 or addressing the
college.
San Jose State College will pre
sent Shakespeare's "Hamlet" in the
college Little Theater April 25
through 26. Three faculty members
are playing heavy roles in the pro
duction, which includes both fac
ulty and student actors. Several
groups of elaborate costumes have
been designed for the presentation.
All seats are reserved for all per
formances. Friday evening's pres
entation is sold out with advanced
sales, but seats for the other eve
nings may be reserved by calling
Ballard 7800 or addressing the
college.
San Jose State College will pre
sent Shakespeare's "Hamlet" in the
college Little Theater April 25
through 26. Three faculty members
are playing heavy roles in the pro
duction, which includes both fac
ulty and student actors. Several
groups of elaborate costumes have
been designed for the presentation.
All seats are reserved for all per
formances. Friday evening's pres
entation is sold out with advanced
sales, but seats for the other eve
nings may be reserved by calling
Ballard 7800 or addressing the
college.
San Jose State College will pre
sent Shakespeare's "Hamlet" in the
college Little Theater April 25
through 26. Three faculty members
are playing heavy roles in the pro
duction, which includes both fac
ulty and student actors. Several
groups of elaborate costumes have
been designed for the presentation.
All seats are reserved for all per
formances. Friday evening's pres
entation is sold out with advanced
sales, but seats for the other eve
nings may be reserved by calling
Ballard 7800 or addressing the
college.
San Jose State College will pre
sent Shakespeare's "Hamlet" in the
college Little Theater April 25
through 26. Three faculty members
are playing heavy roles in the pro
duction, which includes both fac
ulty and student actors. Several
groups of elaborate costumes have
been designed for the presentation.
All seats are reserved for all per
formances. Friday evening's pres
entation is sold out with advanced
sales, but seats for the other eve
nings may be reserved by calling
Ballard 7800 or addressing the
college.
San Jose State College will pre
sent Shakespeare's "Hamlet" in the
college Little Theater April 25
through 26. Three faculty members
are playing heavy roles in the pro
duction, which includes both fac
ulty and student actors. Several
groups of elaborate costumes have
been designed for the presentation.
All seats are reserved for all per
formances. Friday evening's pres
entation is sold out with advanced
sales, but seats for the other eve
nings may be reserved by calling
Ballard 7800 or addressing the
college.
San Jose State College will pre
sent Shakespeare's "Hamlet" in the
college Little Theater April 25
through 26. Three faculty members
are playing heavy roles in the pro
duction, which includes both fac
ulty and student actors. Several
groups of elaborate costumes have
been designed for the presentation.
All seats are reserved for all per
formances. Friday evening's pres
entation is sold out with advanced
sales, but seats for the other eve
nings may be reserved by calling
Ballard 7800 or addressing the
college.
San Jose State College will pre
sent Shakespeare's "Hamlet" in the
college Little Theater April 25
through 26. Three faculty members
are playing heavy roles in the pro
duction, which includes both fac
ulty and student actors. Several
groups of elaborate costumes have
been designed for the presentation.
All seats are reserved for all per
formances. Friday evening's pres
entation is sold out with advanced
sales, but seats for the other eve
nings may be reserved by calling
Ballard 7800 or addressing the
college.
San Jose State College will pre
sent Shakespeare's "Hamlet" in the
college Little Theater April 25
through 26. Three faculty members
are playing heavy roles in the pro
duction, which includes both fac
ulty and student actors. Several
groups of elaborate costumes have
been designed for the presentation.
All seats are reserved for all per
formances. Friday evening's pres
entation is sold out with advanced
sales, but seats for the other eve
nings may be reserved by calling
Ballard 7800 or addressing the
college.
San Jose State College will pre
sent Shakespeare's "Hamlet" in the
college Little Theater April 25
through 26. Three faculty members
are playing heavy roles in the pro
duction, which includes both fac
ulty and student actors. Several
groups of elaborate costumes have
been designed for the presentation.
All seats are reserved for all per
formances. Friday evening's pres
entation is sold out with advanced
sales, but seats for the other eve
nings may be reserved by calling
Ballard 7800 or addressing the
college.
San Jose State College will pre
sent Shakespeare's "Hamlet" in the
college Little Theater April 25
through 26. Three faculty members
are playing heavy roles in the pro
duction, which includes both fac
ulty and student actors. Several
groups of elaborate costumes have
been designed for the presentation.
All seats are reserved for all per
formances. Friday evening's pres
entation is sold out with advanced
sales, but seats for the other eve
nings may be reserved by calling
Ballard 7800 or addressing the
college.
San Jose State College will pre
sent Shakespeare's "Hamlet" in the
college Little Theater April 25
through 26. Three faculty members
are playing heavy roles in the pro
duction, which includes both fac
ulty and student actors. Several
groups of elaborate costumes have
been designed for the presentation.
All seats are reserved for all per
formances. Friday evening's pres
entation is sold out with advanced
sales, but seats for the other eve
nings may be reserved by calling
Ballard 7800 or addressing the
college.
San Jose State College will pre
sent Shakespeare's "Hamlet" in the
college Little Theater April 25
through 26. Three faculty members
are playing heavy roles in the pro
duction, which includes both fac
ulty and student actors. Several
groups of elaborate costumes have
been designed for the presentation.
All seats are reserved for all per
formances. Friday evening's pres
entation is sold out with advanced
sales, but seats for the other eve
nings may be reserved by calling
Ballard 7800 or addressing the
college.
San Jose State College will pre
sent Shakespeare's "Hamlet" in the
college Little Theater April 25
through 26. Three faculty members
are playing heavy roles in the pro
duction, which includes both fac
ulty and student actors. Several
groups of elaborate costumes have
been designed for the presentation.
All seats are reserved for all per
formances. Friday evening's pres
entation is sold out with advanced
sales, but seats for the other eve
nings may be reserved by calling
Ballard 7800 or addressing the
college.
San Jose State College will pre
sent Shakespeare's "Hamlet" in the
college Little Theater April 25
through 26. Three faculty members
are playing heavy roles in the pro
duction, which includes both fac
ulty and student actors. Several
groups of elaborate costumes have
been designed for the presentation.
All seats are reserved for all per
formances. Friday evening's pres
entation is sold out with advanced
sales, but seats for the other eve
nings may be reserved by calling
Ballard 7800 or addressing the
college.
San Jose State College will pre
sent Shakespeare's "Hamlet" in the
college Little Theater April 25
through 26. Three faculty members
are playing heavy roles in the pro
duction, which includes both fac
ulty and student actors. Several
groups of elaborate costumes have
been designed for the presentation.
All seats are reserved for all per
formances. Friday evening's pres
entation is sold out with advanced
sales, but seats for the other eve
nings may be reserved by calling
Ballard 7800 or addressing the
college.
