# AIRPORT PLANS LAID
## 
### 
PORTLAND, Ore., April 9 (UP).—
W.P.A. headquarters here today said
Civil Aeronautics Authority approval
of new plans for the construction of
a $717,000 airport at Redmond is ex
pected shortly.
PORTLAND, Ore., April 9 (UP).—
W.P.A. headquarters here today said
Civil Aeronautics Authority approval
of new plans for the construction of
a $717,000 airport at Redmond is ex
pected shortly.
PORTLAND, Ore., April 9 (UP).—
W.P.A. headquarters here today said
Civil Aeronautics Authority approval
of new plans for the construction of
a $717,000 airport at Redmond is ex
pected shortly.
PORTLAND, Ore., April 9 (UP).—
W.P.A. headquarters here today said
Civil Aeronautics Authority approval
of new plans for the construction of
a $717,000 airport at Redmond is ex
pected shortly.
PORTLAND, Ore., April 9 (UP).—
W.P.A. headquarters here today said
Civil Aeronautics Authority approval
of new plans for the construction of
a $717,000 airport at Redmond is ex
pected shortly.
PORTLAND, Ore., April 9 (UP).—
W.P.A. headquarters here today said
Civil Aeronautics Authority approval
of new plans for the construction of
a $717,000 airport at Redmond is ex
pected shortly.
PORTLAND, Ore., April 9 (UP).—
W.P.A. headquarters here today said
Civil Aeronautics Authority approval
of new plans for the construction of
a $717,000 airport at Redmond is ex
pected shortly.
PORTLAND, Ore., April 9 (UP).—
W.P.A. headquarters here today said
Civil Aeronautics Authority approval
of new plans for the construction of
a $717,000 airport at Redmond is ex
pected shortly.
PORTLAND, Ore., April 9 (UP).—
W.P.A. headquarters here today said
Civil Aeronautics Authority approval
of new plans for the construction of
a $717,000 airport at Redmond is ex
pected shortly.
PORTLAND, Ore., April 9 (UP).—
W.P.A. headquarters here today said
Civil Aeronautics Authority approval
of new plans for the construction of
a $717,000 airport at Redmond is ex
pected shortly.
PORTLAND, Ore., April 9 (UP).—
W.P.A. headquarters here today said
Civil Aeronautics Authority approval
of new plans for the construction of
a $717,000 airport at Redmond is ex
pected shortly.
PORTLAND, Ore., April 9 (UP).—
W.P.A. headquarters here today said
Civil Aeronautics Authority approval
of new plans for the construction of
a $717,000 airport at Redmond is ex
pected shortly.
PORTLAND, Ore., April 9 (UP).—
W.P.A. headquarters here today said
Civil Aeronautics Authority approval
of new plans for the construction of
a $717,000 airport at Redmond is ex
pected shortly.
PORTLAND, Ore., April 9 (UP).—
W.P.A. headquarters here today said
Civil Aeronautics Authority approval
of new plans for the construction of
a $717,000 airport at Redmond is ex
pected shortly.
PORTLAND, Ore., April 9 (UP).—
W.P.A. headquarters here today said
Civil Aeronautics Authority approval
of new plans for the construction of
a $717,000 airport at Redmond is ex
pected shortly.
PORTLAND, Ore., April 9 (UP).—
W.P.A. headquarters here today said
Civil Aeronautics Authority approval
of new plans for the construction of
a $717,000 airport at Redmond is ex
pected shortly.
PORTLAND, Ore., April 9 (UP).—
W.P.A. headquarters here today said
Civil Aeronautics Authority approval
of new plans for the construction of
a $717,000 airport at Redmond is ex
pected shortly.
PORTLAND, Ore., April 9 (UP).—
W.P.A. headquarters here today said
Civil Aeronautics Authority approval
of new plans for the construction of
a $717,000 airport at Redmond is ex
pected shortly.
