# Women Jolt Men at U.C.
## Refuse to be "Queened" to Washington-California Game 
### 
Men at the University of California
were given a severe jolt yesterday
when the women of that institution
announced that there was to be no
queening to the Washington-California
game. Realizing that the best results
in good yelling could not be had if
their presence diverted the attention
of the men elsewhere, they took upon
themselves the task of remedying the
evil which has existed in college yell
ing in previous big games. They fur
ther declare that they will have a
rooting section of their own, and will
go unattended to the game. The fol
lowing is the ukase issued yesterday
by the Associated Women Students:
"We do not want the rooting of the
men to be impaired by having to talk
to a girl. Therefore we are going un
accompanied to the game on Saturday.
We are willing to accept tickets from
the men but will not go in with them.
We will have our own rooting section."
Men at the University of California
were given a severe jolt yesterday
when the women of that institution
announced that there was to be no
queening to the Washington-California
game. Realizing that the best results
in good yelling could not be had if
their presence diverted the attention
of the men elsewhere, they took upon
themselves the task of remedying the
evil which has existed in college yell
ing in previous big games. They fur
ther declare that they will have a
rooting section of their own, and will
go unattended to the game. The fol
lowing is the ukase issued yesterday
by the Associated Women Students:
"We do not want the rooting of the
men to be impaired by having to talk
to a girl. Therefore we are going un
accompanied to the game on Saturday.
We are willing to accept tickets from
the men but will not go in with them.
We will have our own rooting section."
Men at the University of California
were given a severe jolt yesterday
when the women of that institution
announced that there was to be no
queening to the Washington-California
game. Realizing that the best results
in good yelling could not be had if
their presence diverted the attention
of the men elsewhere, they took upon
themselves the task of remedying the
evil which has existed in college yell
ing in previous big games. They fur
ther declare that they will have a
rooting section of their own, and will
go unattended to the game. The fol
lowing is the ukase issued yesterday
by the Associated Women Students:
"We do not want the rooting of the
men to be impaired by having to talk
to a girl. Therefore we are going un
accompanied to the game on Saturday.
We are willing to accept tickets from
the men but will not go in with them.
We will have our own rooting section."
Men at the University of California
were given a severe jolt yesterday
when the women of that institution
announced that there was to be no
queening to the Washington-California
game. Realizing that the best results
in good yelling could not be had if
their presence diverted the attention
of the men elsewhere, they took upon
themselves the task of remedying the
evil which has existed in college yell
ing in previous big games. They fur
ther declare that they will have a
rooting section of their own, and will
go unattended to the game. The fol
lowing is the ukase issued yesterday
by the Associated Women Students:
"We do not want the rooting of the
men to be impaired by having to talk
to a girl. Therefore we are going un
accompanied to the game on Saturday.
We are willing to accept tickets from
the men but will not go in with them.
We will have our own rooting section."
Men at the University of California
were given a severe jolt yesterday
when the women of that institution
announced that there was to be no
queening to the Washington-California
game. Realizing that the best results
in good yelling could not be had if
their presence diverted the attention
of the men elsewhere, they took upon
themselves the task of remedying the
evil which has existed in college yell
ing in previous big games. They fur
ther declare that they will have a
rooting section of their own, and will
go unattended to the game. The fol
lowing is the ukase issued yesterday
by the Associated Women Students:
"We do not want the rooting of the
men to be impaired by having to talk
to a girl. Therefore we are going un
accompanied to the game on Saturday.
We are willing to accept tickets from
the men but will not go in with them.
We will have our own rooting section."
Men at the University of California
were given a severe jolt yesterday
when the women of that institution
announced that there was to be no
queening to the Washington-California
game. Realizing that the best results
in good yelling could not be had if
their presence diverted the attention
of the men elsewhere, they took upon
themselves the task of remedying the
evil which has existed in college yell
ing in previous big games. They fur
ther declare that they will have a
rooting section of their own, and will
go unattended to the game. The fol
lowing is the ukase issued yesterday
by the Associated Women Students:
"We do not want the rooting of the
men to be impaired by having to talk
to a girl. Therefore we are going un
accompanied to the game on Saturday.
We are willing to accept tickets from
the men but will not go in with them.
We will have our own rooting section."
Men at the University of California
were given a severe jolt yesterday
when the women of that institution
announced that there was to be no
queening to the Washington-California
game. Realizing that the best results
in good yelling could not be had if
their presence diverted the attention
of the men elsewhere, they took upon
themselves the task of remedying the
evil which has existed in college yell
ing in previous big games. They fur
ther declare that they will have a
rooting section of their own, and will
go unattended to the game. The fol
lowing is the ukase issued yesterday
by the Associated Women Students:
"We do not want the rooting of the
men to be impaired by having to talk
to a girl. Therefore we are going un
accompanied to the game on Saturday.
We are willing to accept tickets from
the men but will not go in with them.
We will have our own rooting section."
Men at the University of California
were given a severe jolt yesterday
when the women of that institution
announced that there was to be no
queening to the Washington-California
game. Realizing that the best results
in good yelling could not be had if
their presence diverted the attention
of the men elsewhere, they took upon
themselves the task of remedying the
evil which has existed in college yell
ing in previous big games. They fur
ther declare that they will have a
rooting section of their own, and will
go unattended to the game. The fol
lowing is the ukase issued yesterday
by the Associated Women Students:
"We do not want the rooting of the
men to be impaired by having to talk
to a girl. Therefore we are going un
accompanied to the game on Saturday.
We are willing to accept tickets from
the men but will not go in with them.
We will have our own rooting section."
Men at the University of California
were given a severe jolt yesterday
when the women of that institution
announced that there was to be no
queening to the Washington-California
game. Realizing that the best results
in good yelling could not be had if
their presence diverted the attention
of the men elsewhere, they took upon
themselves the task of remedying the
evil which has existed in college yell
ing in previous big games. They fur
ther declare that they will have a
rooting section of their own, and will
go unattended to the game. The fol
lowing is the ukase issued yesterday
by the Associated Women Students:
"We do not want the rooting of the
men to be impaired by having to talk
to a girl. Therefore we are going un
accompanied to the game on Saturday.
We are willing to accept tickets from
the men but will not go in with them.
We will have our own rooting section."
Men at the University of California
were given a severe jolt yesterday
when the women of that institution
announced that there was to be no
queening to the Washington-California
game. Realizing that the best results
in good yelling could not be had if
their presence diverted the attention
of the men elsewhere, they took upon
themselves the task of remedying the
evil which has existed in college yell
ing in previous big games. They fur
ther declare that they will have a
rooting section of their own, and will
go unattended to the game. The fol
lowing is the ukase issued yesterday
by the Associated Women Students:
"We do not want the rooting of the
men to be impaired by having to talk
to a girl. Therefore we are going un
accompanied to the game on Saturday.
We are willing to accept tickets from
the men but will not go in with them.
We will have our own rooting section."
Men at the University of California
were given a severe jolt yesterday
when the women of that institution
announced that there was to be no
queening to the Washington-California
game. Realizing that the best results
in good yelling could not be had if
their presence diverted the attention
of the men elsewhere, they took upon
themselves the task of remedying the
evil which has existed in college yell
ing in previous big games. They fur
ther declare that they will have a
rooting section of their own, and will
go unattended to the game. The fol
lowing is the ukase issued yesterday
by the Associated Women Students:
"We do not want the rooting of the
men to be impaired by having to talk
to a girl. Therefore we are going un
accompanied to the game on Saturday.
We are willing to accept tickets from
the men but will not go in with them.
We will have our own rooting section."
Men at the University of California
were given a severe jolt yesterday
when the women of that institution
announced that there was to be no
queening to the Washington-California
game. Realizing that the best results
in good yelling could not be had if
their presence diverted the attention
of the men elsewhere, they took upon
themselves the task of remedying the
evil which has existed in college yell
ing in previous big games. They fur
ther declare that they will have a
rooting section of their own, and will
go unattended to the game. The fol
lowing is the ukase issued yesterday
by the Associated Women Students:
"We do not want the rooting of the
men to be impaired by having to talk
to a girl. Therefore we are going un
accompanied to the game on Saturday.
We are willing to accept tickets from
the men but will not go in with them.
We will have our own rooting section."
Men at the University of California
were given a severe jolt yesterday
when the women of that institution
announced that there was to be no
queening to the Washington-California
game. Realizing that the best results
in good yelling could not be had if
their presence diverted the attention
of the men elsewhere, they took upon
themselves the task of remedying the
evil which has existed in college yell
ing in previous big games. They fur
ther declare that they will have a
rooting section of their own, and will
go unattended to the game. The fol
lowing is the ukase issued yesterday
by the Associated Women Students:
"We do not want the rooting of the
men to be impaired by having to talk
to a girl. Therefore we are going un
accompanied to the game on Saturday.
We are willing to accept tickets from
the men but will not go in with them.
We will have our own rooting section."
