# California Women in Foothball Show
## 
### 
For the first time in the history of
the university, women of the Univer
sity of California will appear in the
annual football show to be given the
night before the same with Washing
ton.
For the first time in the history of
the university, women of the Univer
sity of California will appear in the
annual football show to be given the
night before the same with Washing
ton.
For the first time in the history of
the university, women of the Univer
sity of California will appear in the
annual football show to be given the
night before the same with Washing
ton.
For the first time in the history of
the university, women of the Univer
sity of California will appear in the
annual football show to be given the
night before the same with Washing
ton.
For the first time in the history of
the university, women of the Univer
sity of California will appear in the
annual football show to be given the
night before the same with Washing
ton.
For the first time in the history of
the university, women of the Univer
sity of California will appear in the
annual football show to be given the
night before the same with Washing
ton.
For the first time in the history of
the university, women of the Univer
sity of California will appear in the
annual football show to be given the
night before the same with Washing
ton.
For the first time in the history of
the university, women of the Univer
sity of California will appear in the
annual football show to be given the
night before the same with Washing
ton.
For the first time in the history of
the university, women of the Univer
sity of California will appear in the
annual football show to be given the
night before the same with Washing
ton.
For the first time in the history of
the university, women of the Univer
sity of California will appear in the
annual football show to be given the
night before the same with Washing
ton.
For the first time in the history of
the university, women of the Univer
sity of California will appear in the
annual football show to be given the
night before the same with Washing
ton.
For the first time in the history of
the university, women of the Univer
sity of California will appear in the
annual football show to be given the
night before the same with Washing
ton.
For the first time in the history of
the university, women of the Univer
sity of California will appear in the
annual football show to be given the
night before the same with Washing
ton.
