# UNION BOARD FORCED TO NEGOTIATE LOAN
## Slow Payment of Life Memberships Leads to Stringency When Bills Come Due 
### 
Payment of bills to the extent of
$2,785.47 was the big business of the
Hoard of Governors of the Union at a
regular meeting held yesterday after
noon. A letter of thanks was voted
Hermann Rosse, the Dutch painter,
whose gift of an oil panel now adorns
the Union.
Of the bills paid, all but two hun
dred dollars went for rugs and other
furnishings. The plan to pay this
large bill from returns on partly paid
life memberships had to be relegated
to the shelf, owing to the delay in pay
ments. The board was forced to ne
gotiate a loan of $2,(500 dollars, se
cured by personal notes of trustees
and Professor J. P. Mitchell, to pay
bills due.
Rosse, who donated the panel paint
ing for the Union, was a student in
the Stanford Art department for two
years. He was chosen by the Dutch
government to superintend interior
decoration of the Holland building at
the exposition.
Payment of bills to the extent of
$2,785.47 was the big business of the
Hoard of Governors of the Union at a
regular meeting held yesterday after
noon. A letter of thanks was voted
Hermann Rosse, the Dutch painter,
whose gift of an oil panel now adorns
the Union.
Of the bills paid, all but two hun
dred dollars went for rugs and other
furnishings. The plan to pay this
large bill from returns on partly paid
life memberships had to be relegated
to the shelf, owing to the delay in pay
ments. The board was forced to ne
gotiate a loan of $2,(500 dollars, se
cured by personal notes of trustees
and Professor J. P. Mitchell, to pay
bills due.
Rosse, who donated the panel paint
ing for the Union, was a student in
the Stanford Art department for two
years. He was chosen by the Dutch
government to superintend interior
decoration of the Holland building at
the exposition.
Payment of bills to the extent of
$2,785.47 was the big business of the
Hoard of Governors of the Union at a
regular meeting held yesterday after
noon. A letter of thanks was voted
Hermann Rosse, the Dutch painter,
whose gift of an oil panel now adorns
the Union.
Of the bills paid, all but two hun
dred dollars went for rugs and other
furnishings. The plan to pay this
large bill from returns on partly paid
life memberships had to be relegated
to the shelf, owing to the delay in pay
ments. The board was forced to ne
gotiate a loan of $2,(500 dollars, se
cured by personal notes of trustees
and Professor J. P. Mitchell, to pay
bills due.
Rosse, who donated the panel paint
ing for the Union, was a student in
the Stanford Art department for two
years. He was chosen by the Dutch
government to superintend interior
decoration of the Holland building at
the exposition.
Payment of bills to the extent of
$2,785.47 was the big business of the
Hoard of Governors of the Union at a
regular meeting held yesterday after
noon. A letter of thanks was voted
Hermann Rosse, the Dutch painter,
whose gift of an oil panel now adorns
the Union.
Of the bills paid, all but two hun
dred dollars went for rugs and other
furnishings. The plan to pay this
large bill from returns on partly paid
life memberships had to be relegated
to the shelf, owing to the delay in pay
ments. The board was forced to ne
gotiate a loan of $2,(500 dollars, se
cured by personal notes of trustees
and Professor J. P. Mitchell, to pay
bills due.
Rosse, who donated the panel paint
ing for the Union, was a student in
the Stanford Art department for two
years. He was chosen by the Dutch
government to superintend interior
decoration of the Holland building at
the exposition.
Payment of bills to the extent of
$2,785.47 was the big business of the
Hoard of Governors of the Union at a
regular meeting held yesterday after
noon. A letter of thanks was voted
Hermann Rosse, the Dutch painter,
whose gift of an oil panel now adorns
the Union.
Of the bills paid, all but two hun
dred dollars went for rugs and other
furnishings. The plan to pay this
large bill from returns on partly paid
life memberships had to be relegated
to the shelf, owing to the delay in pay
ments. The board was forced to ne
gotiate a loan of $2,(500 dollars, se
cured by personal notes of trustees
and Professor J. P. Mitchell, to pay
bills due.
Rosse, who donated the panel paint
ing for the Union, was a student in
the Stanford Art department for two
years. He was chosen by the Dutch
government to superintend interior
decoration of the Holland building at
the exposition.
Payment of bills to the extent of
$2,785.47 was the big business of the
Hoard of Governors of the Union at a
regular meeting held yesterday after
noon. A letter of thanks was voted
Hermann Rosse, the Dutch painter,
whose gift of an oil panel now adorns
the Union.
Of the bills paid, all but two hun
dred dollars went for rugs and other
furnishings. The plan to pay this
large bill from returns on partly paid
life memberships had to be relegated
to the shelf, owing to the delay in pay
ments. The board was forced to ne
gotiate a loan of $2,(500 dollars, se
cured by personal notes of trustees
and Professor J. P. Mitchell, to pay
bills due.
Rosse, who donated the panel paint
ing for the Union, was a student in
the Stanford Art department for two
years. He was chosen by the Dutch
government to superintend interior
decoration of the Holland building at
the exposition.
Payment of bills to the extent of
$2,785.47 was the big business of the
Hoard of Governors of the Union at a
regular meeting held yesterday after
noon. A letter of thanks was voted
Hermann Rosse, the Dutch painter,
whose gift of an oil panel now adorns
the Union.
Of the bills paid, all but two hun
dred dollars went for rugs and other
furnishings. The plan to pay this
large bill from returns on partly paid
life memberships had to be relegated
to the shelf, owing to the delay in pay
ments. The board was forced to ne
gotiate a loan of $2,(500 dollars, se
cured by personal notes of trustees
and Professor J. P. Mitchell, to pay
bills due.
Rosse, who donated the panel paint
ing for the Union, was a student in
the Stanford Art department for two
years. He was chosen by the Dutch
government to superintend interior
decoration of the Holland building at
the exposition.
Payment of bills to the extent of
$2,785.47 was the big business of the
Hoard of Governors of the Union at a
regular meeting held yesterday after
noon. A letter of thanks was voted
Hermann Rosse, the Dutch painter,
whose gift of an oil panel now adorns
the Union.
Of the bills paid, all but two hun
dred dollars went for rugs and other
furnishings. The plan to pay this
large bill from returns on partly paid
life memberships had to be relegated
to the shelf, owing to the delay in pay
ments. The board was forced to ne
gotiate a loan of $2,(500 dollars, se
cured by personal notes of trustees
and Professor J. P. Mitchell, to pay
bills due.
Rosse, who donated the panel paint
ing for the Union, was a student in
the Stanford Art department for two
years. He was chosen by the Dutch
government to superintend interior
decoration of the Holland building at
the exposition.
Payment of bills to the extent of
$2,785.47 was the big business of the
Hoard of Governors of the Union at a
regular meeting held yesterday after
noon. A letter of thanks was voted
Hermann Rosse, the Dutch painter,
whose gift of an oil panel now adorns
the Union.
Of the bills paid, all but two hun
dred dollars went for rugs and other
furnishings. The plan to pay this
large bill from returns on partly paid
life memberships had to be relegated
to the shelf, owing to the delay in pay
ments. The board was forced to ne
gotiate a loan of $2,(500 dollars, se
cured by personal notes of trustees
and Professor J. P. Mitchell, to pay
bills due.
Rosse, who donated the panel paint
ing for the Union, was a student in
the Stanford Art department for two
years. He was chosen by the Dutch
government to superintend interior
decoration of the Holland building at
the exposition.
Payment of bills to the extent of
$2,785.47 was the big business of the
Hoard of Governors of the Union at a
regular meeting held yesterday after
noon. A letter of thanks was voted
Hermann Rosse, the Dutch painter,
whose gift of an oil panel now adorns
the Union.
Of the bills paid, all but two hun
dred dollars went for rugs and other
furnishings. The plan to pay this
large bill from returns on partly paid
life memberships had to be relegated
to the shelf, owing to the delay in pay
ments. The board was forced to ne
gotiate a loan of $2,(500 dollars, se
cured by personal notes of trustees
and Professor J. P. Mitchell, to pay
bills due.
Rosse, who donated the panel paint
ing for the Union, was a student in
the Stanford Art department for two
years. He was chosen by the Dutch
government to superintend interior
decoration of the Holland building at
the exposition.
Payment of bills to the extent of
$2,785.47 was the big business of the
Hoard of Governors of the Union at a
regular meeting held yesterday after
noon. A letter of thanks was voted
Hermann Rosse, the Dutch painter,
whose gift of an oil panel now adorns
the Union.
Of the bills paid, all but two hun
dred dollars went for rugs and other
furnishings. The plan to pay this
large bill from returns on partly paid
life memberships had to be relegated
to the shelf, owing to the delay in pay
ments. The board was forced to ne
gotiate a loan of $2,(500 dollars, se
cured by personal notes of trustees
and Professor J. P. Mitchell, to pay
bills due.
Rosse, who donated the panel paint
ing for the Union, was a student in
the Stanford Art department for two
years. He was chosen by the Dutch
government to superintend interior
decoration of the Holland building at
the exposition.
Payment of bills to the extent of
$2,785.47 was the big business of the
Hoard of Governors of the Union at a
regular meeting held yesterday after
noon. A letter of thanks was voted
Hermann Rosse, the Dutch painter,
whose gift of an oil panel now adorns
the Union.
Of the bills paid, all but two hun
dred dollars went for rugs and other
furnishings. The plan to pay this
large bill from returns on partly paid
life memberships had to be relegated
to the shelf, owing to the delay in pay
ments. The board was forced to ne
gotiate a loan of $2,(500 dollars, se
cured by personal notes of trustees
and Professor J. P. Mitchell, to pay
bills due.
Rosse, who donated the panel paint
ing for the Union, was a student in
the Stanford Art department for two
years. He was chosen by the Dutch
government to superintend interior
decoration of the Holland building at
the exposition.
Payment of bills to the extent of
$2,785.47 was the big business of the
Hoard of Governors of the Union at a
regular meeting held yesterday after
noon. A letter of thanks was voted
Hermann Rosse, the Dutch painter,
whose gift of an oil panel now adorns
the Union.
Of the bills paid, all but two hun
dred dollars went for rugs and other
furnishings. The plan to pay this
large bill from returns on partly paid
life memberships had to be relegated
to the shelf, owing to the delay in pay
ments. The board was forced to ne
gotiate a loan of $2,(500 dollars, se
cured by personal notes of trustees
and Professor J. P. Mitchell, to pay
bills due.
Rosse, who donated the panel paint
ing for the Union, was a student in
the Stanford Art department for two
years. He was chosen by the Dutch
government to superintend interior
decoration of the Holland building at
the exposition.
