# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Athletic Committee is to be
.congratulated on its wise choice in
the selection of football manager
for the coming year. The position
is one that calls for tact, energy,
and a full understanding of condi
tions and needs. The gentleman
chosen has made a record for him
self by his energy as track captain
and track manager, and has proved
himself in every way fitted for the
responsible position he is now to
fill.
The Athletic Committee is to be
.congratulated on its wise choice in
the selection of football manager
for the coming year. The position
is one that calls for tact, energy,
and a full understanding of condi
tions and needs. The gentleman
chosen has made a record for him
self by his energy as track captain
and track manager, and has proved
himself in every way fitted for the
responsible position he is now to
fill.
The Athletic Committee is to be
.congratulated on its wise choice in
the selection of football manager
for the coming year. The position
is one that calls for tact, energy,
and a full understanding of condi
tions and needs. The gentleman
chosen has made a record for him
self by his energy as track captain
and track manager, and has proved
himself in every way fitted for the
responsible position he is now to
fill.
The Athletic Committee is to be
.congratulated on its wise choice in
the selection of football manager
for the coming year. The position
is one that calls for tact, energy,
and a full understanding of condi
tions and needs. The gentleman
chosen has made a record for him
self by his energy as track captain
and track manager, and has proved
himself in every way fitted for the
responsible position he is now to
fill.
The Athletic Committee is to be
.congratulated on its wise choice in
the selection of football manager
for the coming year. The position
is one that calls for tact, energy,
and a full understanding of condi
tions and needs. The gentleman
chosen has made a record for him
self by his energy as track captain
and track manager, and has proved
himself in every way fitted for the
responsible position he is now to
fill.
