# Untitled Article
## 
### 
During the whole of this year,
but noticeably of late, there lias
been a very small attendance at
meetings of the Freshman Class.
There has been a very pronounced
hick of interest and enthusiasm in
issues of the greatest importance.
Matters which generally attract the
closest attention and excite demon
strations of class patriotism would
have been allowed to pass by
unheeded but for the devotion of a
lonesome minority.
This rude indifference of stu
dents is to be deeply deplored. It
is a rule that a patriotic class man
is a patriotic college man, and a pa
triotic college man is a patriotic
citizen. The converse of the rule
may also operate, and it should be
the care of men just entering upon
a university career to look forward
to something more than is in sight
at his entrance. The individual
members of a class should realize
that they are members of a great
institution because they are mem

hers of that class, and that they
should strive to honor the Univers
ity as much as it honors them.
First-year students are generally
careless in matters of this kind,
hut we think it is more the case this
year than heretofore, and should
therefore he noticed in order that a
sense of duty may he aroused in the
students.
During the whole of this year,
but noticeably of late, there lias
been a very small attendance at
meetings of the Freshman Class.
There has been a very pronounced
hick of interest and enthusiasm in
issues of the greatest importance.
Matters which generally attract the
closest attention and excite demon
strations of class patriotism would
have been allowed to pass by
unheeded but for the devotion of a
lonesome minority.
This rude indifference of stu
dents is to be deeply deplored. It
is a rule that a patriotic class man
is a patriotic college man, and a pa
triotic college man is a patriotic
citizen. The converse of the rule
may also operate, and it should be
the care of men just entering upon
a university career to look forward
to something more than is in sight
at his entrance. The individual
members of a class should realize
that they are members of a great
institution because they are mem

hers of that class, and that they
should strive to honor the Univers
ity as much as it honors them.
First-year students are generally
careless in matters of this kind,
hut we think it is more the case this
year than heretofore, and should
therefore he noticed in order that a
sense of duty may he aroused in the
students.
During the whole of this year,
but noticeably of late, there lias
been a very small attendance at
meetings of the Freshman Class.
There has been a very pronounced
hick of interest and enthusiasm in
issues of the greatest importance.
Matters which generally attract the
closest attention and excite demon
strations of class patriotism would
have been allowed to pass by
unheeded but for the devotion of a
lonesome minority.
This rude indifference of stu
dents is to be deeply deplored. It
is a rule that a patriotic class man
is a patriotic college man, and a pa
triotic college man is a patriotic
citizen. The converse of the rule
may also operate, and it should be
the care of men just entering upon
a university career to look forward
to something more than is in sight
at his entrance. The individual
members of a class should realize
that they are members of a great
institution because they are mem

hers of that class, and that they
should strive to honor the Univers
ity as much as it honors them.
First-year students are generally
careless in matters of this kind,
hut we think it is more the case this
year than heretofore, and should
therefore he noticed in order that a
sense of duty may he aroused in the
students.
During the whole of this year,
but noticeably of late, there lias
been a very small attendance at
meetings of the Freshman Class.
There has been a very pronounced
hick of interest and enthusiasm in
issues of the greatest importance.
Matters which generally attract the
closest attention and excite demon
strations of class patriotism would
have been allowed to pass by
unheeded but for the devotion of a
lonesome minority.
This rude indifference of stu
dents is to be deeply deplored. It
is a rule that a patriotic class man
is a patriotic college man, and a pa
triotic college man is a patriotic
citizen. The converse of the rule
may also operate, and it should be
the care of men just entering upon
a university career to look forward
to something more than is in sight
at his entrance. The individual
members of a class should realize
that they are members of a great
institution because they are mem

hers of that class, and that they
should strive to honor the Univers
ity as much as it honors them.
First-year students are generally
careless in matters of this kind,
hut we think it is more the case this
year than heretofore, and should
therefore he noticed in order that a
sense of duty may he aroused in the
students.
During the whole of this year,
but noticeably of late, there lias
been a very small attendance at
meetings of the Freshman Class.
There has been a very pronounced
hick of interest and enthusiasm in
issues of the greatest importance.
Matters which generally attract the
closest attention and excite demon
strations of class patriotism would
have been allowed to pass by
unheeded but for the devotion of a
lonesome minority.
This rude indifference of stu
dents is to be deeply deplored. It
is a rule that a patriotic class man
is a patriotic college man, and a pa
triotic college man is a patriotic
citizen. The converse of the rule
may also operate, and it should be
the care of men just entering upon
a university career to look forward
to something more than is in sight
at his entrance. The individual
members of a class should realize
that they are members of a great
institution because they are mem

hers of that class, and that they
should strive to honor the Univers
ity as much as it honors them.
First-year students are generally
careless in matters of this kind,
hut we think it is more the case this
year than heretofore, and should
therefore he noticed in order that a
sense of duty may he aroused in the
students.
