# Dr. Flugel's Book.
## 
### 
The following appears in the
.January number of The Nation:
Prof. Ewald Kliigel of the Stan
ford University has just issued the
first volume of his " Neuengliches
Lesebueli." The volume is deyoted
to the time of Henry VIII and eon
tains about 350 large pages of text
and some 250 pages of notes and in
dexes. The contents are selected
on the basis of a remarkably
thorough knowledge of the period,
and with excellent judgment.
When extracts only have been
printed, these are generally long
enough to give the student a good
idea of the style and character of
the work. In 'this respect the
editor has followed theexcellent ex
ample of Matzner's highly esteemed
"Altenglische sprachproben." The
text of all the manuscripts or of
early printed editions is produced
with scrupulous accuracy. The
notes, though necessarily uneven,
contain much valuable information.
No one who understands the im
portance of this transition period of
English literature —a period com
monly neglected on account of the
inaccessibility «112 materials for its
study—can fail t<> feel profound
satisfaction that so competent a
scholar as Prof. Fliigel has been
willing to subject himself to the
great labor of making such a book
and"The Reader" will at once
take its place as an indispensable
part of the outfit of every student
of our language or literature.
The following appears in the
.January number of The Nation:
Prof. Ewald Kliigel of the Stan
ford University has just issued the
first volume of his " Neuengliches
Lesebueli." The volume is deyoted
to the time of Henry VIII and eon
tains about 350 large pages of text
and some 250 pages of notes and in
dexes. The contents are selected
on the basis of a remarkably
thorough knowledge of the period,
and with excellent judgment.
When extracts only have been
printed, these are generally long
enough to give the student a good
idea of the style and character of
the work. In 'this respect the
editor has followed theexcellent ex
ample of Matzner's highly esteemed
"Altenglische sprachproben." The
text of all the manuscripts or of
early printed editions is produced
with scrupulous accuracy. The
notes, though necessarily uneven,
contain much valuable information.
No one who understands the im
portance of this transition period of
English literature —a period com
monly neglected on account of the
inaccessibility «112 materials for its
study—can fail t<> feel profound
satisfaction that so competent a
scholar as Prof. Fliigel has been
willing to subject himself to the
great labor of making such a book
and"The Reader" will at once
take its place as an indispensable
part of the outfit of every student
of our language or literature.
The following appears in the
.January number of The Nation:
Prof. Ewald Kliigel of the Stan
ford University has just issued the
first volume of his " Neuengliches
Lesebueli." The volume is deyoted
to the time of Henry VIII and eon
tains about 350 large pages of text
and some 250 pages of notes and in
dexes. The contents are selected
on the basis of a remarkably
thorough knowledge of the period,
and with excellent judgment.
When extracts only have been
printed, these are generally long
enough to give the student a good
idea of the style and character of
the work. In 'this respect the
editor has followed theexcellent ex
ample of Matzner's highly esteemed
"Altenglische sprachproben." The
text of all the manuscripts or of
early printed editions is produced
with scrupulous accuracy. The
notes, though necessarily uneven,
contain much valuable information.
No one who understands the im
portance of this transition period of
English literature —a period com
monly neglected on account of the
inaccessibility «112 materials for its
study—can fail t<> feel profound
satisfaction that so competent a
scholar as Prof. Fliigel has been
willing to subject himself to the
great labor of making such a book
and"The Reader" will at once
take its place as an indispensable
part of the outfit of every student
of our language or literature.
The following appears in the
.January number of The Nation:
Prof. Ewald Kliigel of the Stan
ford University has just issued the
first volume of his " Neuengliches
Lesebueli." The volume is deyoted
to the time of Henry VIII and eon
tains about 350 large pages of text
and some 250 pages of notes and in
dexes. The contents are selected
on the basis of a remarkably
thorough knowledge of the period,
and with excellent judgment.
When extracts only have been
printed, these are generally long
enough to give the student a good
idea of the style and character of
the work. In 'this respect the
editor has followed theexcellent ex
ample of Matzner's highly esteemed
"Altenglische sprachproben." The
text of all the manuscripts or of
early printed editions is produced
with scrupulous accuracy. The
notes, though necessarily uneven,
contain much valuable information.
No one who understands the im
portance of this transition period of
English literature —a period com
monly neglected on account of the
inaccessibility «112 materials for its
study—can fail t<> feel profound
satisfaction that so competent a
scholar as Prof. Fliigel has been
willing to subject himself to the
great labor of making such a book
and"The Reader" will at once
take its place as an indispensable
part of the outfit of every student
of our language or literature.
The following appears in the
.January number of The Nation:
Prof. Ewald Kliigel of the Stan
ford University has just issued the
first volume of his " Neuengliches
Lesebueli." The volume is deyoted
to the time of Henry VIII and eon
tains about 350 large pages of text
and some 250 pages of notes and in
dexes. The contents are selected
on the basis of a remarkably
thorough knowledge of the period,
and with excellent judgment.
When extracts only have been
printed, these are generally long
enough to give the student a good
idea of the style and character of
the work. In 'this respect the
editor has followed theexcellent ex
ample of Matzner's highly esteemed
"Altenglische sprachproben." The
text of all the manuscripts or of
early printed editions is produced
with scrupulous accuracy. The
notes, though necessarily uneven,
contain much valuable information.
No one who understands the im
portance of this transition period of
English literature —a period com
monly neglected on account of the
inaccessibility «112 materials for its
study—can fail t<> feel profound
satisfaction that so competent a
scholar as Prof. Fliigel has been
willing to subject himself to the
great labor of making such a book
and"The Reader" will at once
take its place as an indispensable
part of the outfit of every student
of our language or literature.
