# Football Manager Elected.
## 
### 
Brunton, '99, and Williams, '97,
were elected on the Athletic Com
mittee, to the places made vacant
by Plate, '99, and Culver, '97.
Dave Brown, '97, was elected foot
ball manager for next year by the
commtttee, and the meeting then
adjourned.
Brunton, '99, and Williams, '97,
were elected on the Athletic Com
mittee, to the places made vacant
by Plate, '99, and Culver, '97.
Dave Brown, '97, was elected foot
ball manager for next year by the
commtttee, and the meeting then
adjourned.
Brunton, '99, and Williams, '97,
were elected on the Athletic Com
mittee, to the places made vacant
by Plate, '99, and Culver, '97.
Dave Brown, '97, was elected foot
ball manager for next year by the
commtttee, and the meeting then
adjourned.
Brunton, '99, and Williams, '97,
were elected on the Athletic Com
mittee, to the places made vacant
by Plate, '99, and Culver, '97.
Dave Brown, '97, was elected foot
ball manager for next year by the
commtttee, and the meeting then
adjourned.
Brunton, '99, and Williams, '97,
were elected on the Athletic Com
mittee, to the places made vacant
by Plate, '99, and Culver, '97.
Dave Brown, '97, was elected foot
ball manager for next year by the
commtttee, and the meeting then
adjourned.
