# Alpha.
## 
### 
At the meeting of the Alpha Satur
day evening the question as to whether
technical studies should be pursued as
undergraduate subjects was debated
by Messis. Fogg and Piatt in the af
firmative arid Messrs. Johnson and
Wigle in the negative. The question
was decided in favor of the negative.
W. C. Ilazzard spoke on the college
man and the social organism. Three
minute extemporaneous speeches: J. M.
lloss, —"Are Mrs. Evans and her
daughter justified in tfoing on the
stage?"; E. S. Clayton —Is the making
of the study of law an undergraduate
study in the University a good prece
dent to establish?"
At the executive session J. Hyde was
received as a member. After a warm
discussion, the proposed amendment to
the constitution making declamations a
part of the regular program was voted
down.
At the meeting of the Alpha Satur
day evening the question as to whether
technical studies should be pursued as
undergraduate subjects was debated
by Messis. Fogg and Piatt in the af
firmative arid Messrs. Johnson and
Wigle in the negative. The question
was decided in favor of the negative.
W. C. Ilazzard spoke on the college
man and the social organism. Three
minute extemporaneous speeches: J. M.
lloss, —"Are Mrs. Evans and her
daughter justified in tfoing on the
stage?"; E. S. Clayton —Is the making
of the study of law an undergraduate
study in the University a good prece
dent to establish?"
At the executive session J. Hyde was
received as a member. After a warm
discussion, the proposed amendment to
the constitution making declamations a
part of the regular program was voted
down.
