# HOOVER CABINET MEMBER?
## 
### 

Col. Henry L. Stimson, governor general of the Philippines, Is
mentioned for secretary of state in the Hoover cabinet. He is shown
seated at his desk.

Col. Henry L. Stimson, governor general of the Philippines, Is
mentioned for secretary of state in the Hoover cabinet. He is shown
seated at his desk.

Col. Henry L. Stimson, governor general of the Philippines, Is
mentioned for secretary of state in the Hoover cabinet. He is shown
seated at his desk.

Col. Henry L. Stimson, governor general of the Philippines, Is
mentioned for secretary of state in the Hoover cabinet. He is shown
seated at his desk.

Col. Henry L. Stimson, governor general of the Philippines, Is
mentioned for secretary of state in the Hoover cabinet. He is shown
seated at his desk.

Col. Henry L. Stimson, governor general of the Philippines, Is
mentioned for secretary of state in the Hoover cabinet. He is shown
seated at his desk.

Col. Henry L. Stimson, governor general of the Philippines, Is
mentioned for secretary of state in the Hoover cabinet. He is shown
seated at his desk.

Col. Henry L. Stimson, governor general of the Philippines, Is
mentioned for secretary of state in the Hoover cabinet. He is shown
seated at his desk.

Col. Henry L. Stimson, governor general of the Philippines, Is
mentioned for secretary of state in the Hoover cabinet. He is shown
seated at his desk.

Col. Henry L. Stimson, governor general of the Philippines, Is
mentioned for secretary of state in the Hoover cabinet. He is shown
seated at his desk.

Col. Henry L. Stimson, governor general of the Philippines, Is
mentioned for secretary of state in the Hoover cabinet. He is shown
seated at his desk.

Col. Henry L. Stimson, governor general of the Philippines, Is
mentioned for secretary of state in the Hoover cabinet. He is shown
seated at his desk.

Col. Henry L. Stimson, governor general of the Philippines, Is
mentioned for secretary of state in the Hoover cabinet. He is shown
seated at his desk.

Col. Henry L. Stimson, governor general of the Philippines, Is
mentioned for secretary of state in the Hoover cabinet. He is shown
seated at his desk.

Col. Henry L. Stimson, governor general of the Philippines, Is
mentioned for secretary of state in the Hoover cabinet. He is shown
seated at his desk.

Col. Henry L. Stimson, governor general of the Philippines, Is
mentioned for secretary of state in the Hoover cabinet. He is shown
seated at his desk.

Col. Henry L. Stimson, governor general of the Philippines, Is
mentioned for secretary of state in the Hoover cabinet. He is shown
seated at his desk.
