# SHARKEY AND STRIBLING TRAINING IN FLORIDA
## 
### 

r Jack Oharkey, Boston heavy weight, and Young Stribllng, Georgia battler, are training for their
coming bout In Florida. Jack is shown at the left playing on the Miami links. At right, Stribling
is shown working out at his camp. Inset shows Stribllng In flying togs before Jack Dempsey obtained
an injunction against his fl>ing.

r Jack Oharkey, Boston heavy weight, and Young Stribllng, Georgia battler, are training for their
coming bout In Florida. Jack is shown at the left playing on the Miami links. At right, Stribling
is shown working out at his camp. Inset shows Stribllng In flying togs before Jack Dempsey obtained
an injunction against his fl>ing.

r Jack Oharkey, Boston heavy weight, and Young Stribllng, Georgia battler, are training for their
coming bout In Florida. Jack is shown at the left playing on the Miami links. At right, Stribling
is shown working out at his camp. Inset shows Stribllng In flying togs before Jack Dempsey obtained
an injunction against his fl>ing.

r Jack Oharkey, Boston heavy weight, and Young Stribllng, Georgia battler, are training for their
coming bout In Florida. Jack is shown at the left playing on the Miami links. At right, Stribling
is shown working out at his camp. Inset shows Stribllng In flying togs before Jack Dempsey obtained
an injunction against his fl>ing.

r Jack Oharkey, Boston heavy weight, and Young Stribllng, Georgia battler, are training for their
coming bout In Florida. Jack is shown at the left playing on the Miami links. At right, Stribling
is shown working out at his camp. Inset shows Stribllng In flying togs before Jack Dempsey obtained
an injunction against his fl>ing.

r Jack Oharkey, Boston heavy weight, and Young Stribllng, Georgia battler, are training for their
coming bout In Florida. Jack is shown at the left playing on the Miami links. At right, Stribling
is shown working out at his camp. Inset shows Stribllng In flying togs before Jack Dempsey obtained
an injunction against his fl>ing.

r Jack Oharkey, Boston heavy weight, and Young Stribllng, Georgia battler, are training for their
coming bout In Florida. Jack is shown at the left playing on the Miami links. At right, Stribling
is shown working out at his camp. Inset shows Stribllng In flying togs before Jack Dempsey obtained
an injunction against his fl>ing.

r Jack Oharkey, Boston heavy weight, and Young Stribllng, Georgia battler, are training for their
coming bout In Florida. Jack is shown at the left playing on the Miami links. At right, Stribling
is shown working out at his camp. Inset shows Stribllng In flying togs before Jack Dempsey obtained
an injunction against his fl>ing.

r Jack Oharkey, Boston heavy weight, and Young Stribllng, Georgia battler, are training for their
coming bout In Florida. Jack is shown at the left playing on the Miami links. At right, Stribling
is shown working out at his camp. Inset shows Stribllng In flying togs before Jack Dempsey obtained
an injunction against his fl>ing.

r Jack Oharkey, Boston heavy weight, and Young Stribllng, Georgia battler, are training for their
coming bout In Florida. Jack is shown at the left playing on the Miami links. At right, Stribling
is shown working out at his camp. Inset shows Stribllng In flying togs before Jack Dempsey obtained
an injunction against his fl>ing.

r Jack Oharkey, Boston heavy weight, and Young Stribllng, Georgia battler, are training for their
coming bout In Florida. Jack is shown at the left playing on the Miami links. At right, Stribling
is shown working out at his camp. Inset shows Stribllng In flying togs before Jack Dempsey obtained
an injunction against his fl>ing.

r Jack Oharkey, Boston heavy weight, and Young Stribllng, Georgia battler, are training for their
coming bout In Florida. Jack is shown at the left playing on the Miami links. At right, Stribling
is shown working out at his camp. Inset shows Stribllng In flying togs before Jack Dempsey obtained
an injunction against his fl>ing.

r Jack Oharkey, Boston heavy weight, and Young Stribllng, Georgia battler, are training for their
coming bout In Florida. Jack is shown at the left playing on the Miami links. At right, Stribling
is shown working out at his camp. Inset shows Stribllng In flying togs before Jack Dempsey obtained
an injunction against his fl>ing.

r Jack Oharkey, Boston heavy weight, and Young Stribllng, Georgia battler, are training for their
coming bout In Florida. Jack is shown at the left playing on the Miami links. At right, Stribling
is shown working out at his camp. Inset shows Stribllng In flying togs before Jack Dempsey obtained
an injunction against his fl>ing.

r Jack Oharkey, Boston heavy weight, and Young Stribllng, Georgia battler, are training for their
coming bout In Florida. Jack is shown at the left playing on the Miami links. At right, Stribling
is shown working out at his camp. Inset shows Stribllng In flying togs before Jack Dempsey obtained
an injunction against his fl>ing.

r Jack Oharkey, Boston heavy weight, and Young Stribllng, Georgia battler, are training for their
coming bout In Florida. Jack is shown at the left playing on the Miami links. At right, Stribling
is shown working out at his camp. Inset shows Stribllng In flying togs before Jack Dempsey obtained
an injunction against his fl>ing.

r Jack Oharkey, Boston heavy weight, and Young Stribllng, Georgia battler, are training for their
coming bout In Florida. Jack is shown at the left playing on the Miami links. At right, Stribling
is shown working out at his camp. Inset shows Stribllng In flying togs before Jack Dempsey obtained
an injunction against his fl>ing.
