# CONVICTED L.A. PROSECUTOR AND SUCCESSOR
## 
### 

Asa Keyes, whose arrival at San Quentin is eagerly awaited by 2,000
other convicts whom he prosecuted. Buron Fitts, who convicted Keyes, is
j his successor.


Asa Keyes, whose arrival at San Quentin is eagerly awaited by 2,000
other convicts whom he prosecuted. Buron Fitts, who convicted Keyes, is
j his successor.


Asa Keyes, whose arrival at San Quentin is eagerly awaited by 2,000
other convicts whom he prosecuted. Buron Fitts, who convicted Keyes, is
j his successor.


Asa Keyes, whose arrival at San Quentin is eagerly awaited by 2,000
other convicts whom he prosecuted. Buron Fitts, who convicted Keyes, is
j his successor.


Asa Keyes, whose arrival at San Quentin is eagerly awaited by 2,000
other convicts whom he prosecuted. Buron Fitts, who convicted Keyes, is
j his successor.


Asa Keyes, whose arrival at San Quentin is eagerly awaited by 2,000
other convicts whom he prosecuted. Buron Fitts, who convicted Keyes, is
j his successor.


Asa Keyes, whose arrival at San Quentin is eagerly awaited by 2,000
other convicts whom he prosecuted. Buron Fitts, who convicted Keyes, is
j his successor.


Asa Keyes, whose arrival at San Quentin is eagerly awaited by 2,000
other convicts whom he prosecuted. Buron Fitts, who convicted Keyes, is
j his successor.


Asa Keyes, whose arrival at San Quentin is eagerly awaited by 2,000
other convicts whom he prosecuted. Buron Fitts, who convicted Keyes, is
j his successor.


Asa Keyes, whose arrival at San Quentin is eagerly awaited by 2,000
other convicts whom he prosecuted. Buron Fitts, who convicted Keyes, is
j his successor.


Asa Keyes, whose arrival at San Quentin is eagerly awaited by 2,000
other convicts whom he prosecuted. Buron Fitts, who convicted Keyes, is
j his successor.


Asa Keyes, whose arrival at San Quentin is eagerly awaited by 2,000
other convicts whom he prosecuted. Buron Fitts, who convicted Keyes, is
j his successor.


Asa Keyes, whose arrival at San Quentin is eagerly awaited by 2,000
other convicts whom he prosecuted. Buron Fitts, who convicted Keyes, is
j his successor.


Asa Keyes, whose arrival at San Quentin is eagerly awaited by 2,000
other convicts whom he prosecuted. Buron Fitts, who convicted Keyes, is
j his successor.


Asa Keyes, whose arrival at San Quentin is eagerly awaited by 2,000
other convicts whom he prosecuted. Buron Fitts, who convicted Keyes, is
j his successor.


Asa Keyes, whose arrival at San Quentin is eagerly awaited by 2,000
other convicts whom he prosecuted. Buron Fitts, who convicted Keyes, is
j his successor.


Asa Keyes, whose arrival at San Quentin is eagerly awaited by 2,000
other convicts whom he prosecuted. Buron Fitts, who convicted Keyes, is
j his successor.

