# Adv. 12 Page 3
## 
### 
STATISTICS
Complicated calculation
indicates that by army
standards, it is only 70
and one half paces from
our old store to here.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University Palo Alto
STATISTICS
Complicated calculation
indicates that by army
standards, it is only 70
and one half paces from
our old store to here.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University Palo Alto
STATISTICS
Complicated calculation
indicates that by army
standards, it is only 70
and one half paces from
our old store to here.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University Palo Alto
STATISTICS
Complicated calculation
indicates that by army
standards, it is only 70
and one half paces from
our old store to here.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University Palo Alto
STATISTICS
Complicated calculation
indicates that by army
standards, it is only 70
and one half paces from
our old store to here.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University Palo Alto
STATISTICS
Complicated calculation
indicates that by army
standards, it is only 70
and one half paces from
our old store to here.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University Palo Alto
STATISTICS
Complicated calculation
indicates that by army
standards, it is only 70
and one half paces from
our old store to here.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University Palo Alto
STATISTICS
Complicated calculation
indicates that by army
standards, it is only 70
and one half paces from
our old store to here.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University Palo Alto
STATISTICS
Complicated calculation
indicates that by army
standards, it is only 70
and one half paces from
our old store to here.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University Palo Alto
STATISTICS
Complicated calculation
indicates that by army
standards, it is only 70
and one half paces from
our old store to here.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University Palo Alto
STATISTICS
Complicated calculation
indicates that by army
standards, it is only 70
and one half paces from
our old store to here.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University Palo Alto
STATISTICS
Complicated calculation
indicates that by army
standards, it is only 70
and one half paces from
our old store to here.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University Palo Alto
STATISTICS
Complicated calculation
indicates that by army
standards, it is only 70
and one half paces from
our old store to here.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University Palo Alto
STATISTICS
Complicated calculation
indicates that by army
standards, it is only 70
and one half paces from
our old store to here.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University Palo Alto
STATISTICS
Complicated calculation
indicates that by army
standards, it is only 70
and one half paces from
our old store to here.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University Palo Alto
STATISTICS
Complicated calculation
indicates that by army
standards, it is only 70
and one half paces from
our old store to here.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University Palo Alto
