# Theta Chi Invites Campus to Dance
## 
### 
Theta Chi has invited the rest
of the campus to its annual Gyp
sy Dance, to be held Saturday
from 9 to 1 at the Theta Chi
house.
A costume affair, the Gypsy
Dance will feature palm and eu
calyptus decorations from the pa
tio lo the roof. Punch, barbecue
and snacks will be free.
AI Shaafs sextet will provide
dance music and other attrac
tions will include a wandering
accordionist, Leo Caselnuoud,
and fortune-teller Dare Stark
McMullin. Hayridcs will also be
offered.
Theta Chi has invited the rest
of the campus to its annual Gyp
sy Dance, to be held Saturday
from 9 to 1 at the Theta Chi
house.
A costume affair, the Gypsy
Dance will feature palm and eu
calyptus decorations from the pa
tio lo the roof. Punch, barbecue
and snacks will be free.
AI Shaafs sextet will provide
dance music and other attrac
tions will include a wandering
accordionist, Leo Caselnuoud,
and fortune-teller Dare Stark
McMullin. Hayridcs will also be
offered.
Theta Chi has invited the rest
of the campus to its annual Gyp
sy Dance, to be held Saturday
from 9 to 1 at the Theta Chi
house.
A costume affair, the Gypsy
Dance will feature palm and eu
calyptus decorations from the pa
tio lo the roof. Punch, barbecue
and snacks will be free.
AI Shaafs sextet will provide
dance music and other attrac
tions will include a wandering
accordionist, Leo Caselnuoud,
and fortune-teller Dare Stark
McMullin. Hayridcs will also be
offered.
Theta Chi has invited the rest
of the campus to its annual Gyp
sy Dance, to be held Saturday
from 9 to 1 at the Theta Chi
house.
A costume affair, the Gypsy
Dance will feature palm and eu
calyptus decorations from the pa
tio lo the roof. Punch, barbecue
and snacks will be free.
AI Shaafs sextet will provide
dance music and other attrac
tions will include a wandering
accordionist, Leo Caselnuoud,
and fortune-teller Dare Stark
McMullin. Hayridcs will also be
offered.
Theta Chi has invited the rest
of the campus to its annual Gyp
sy Dance, to be held Saturday
from 9 to 1 at the Theta Chi
house.
A costume affair, the Gypsy
Dance will feature palm and eu
calyptus decorations from the pa
tio lo the roof. Punch, barbecue
and snacks will be free.
AI Shaafs sextet will provide
dance music and other attrac
tions will include a wandering
accordionist, Leo Caselnuoud,
and fortune-teller Dare Stark
McMullin. Hayridcs will also be
offered.
Theta Chi has invited the rest
of the campus to its annual Gyp
sy Dance, to be held Saturday
from 9 to 1 at the Theta Chi
house.
A costume affair, the Gypsy
Dance will feature palm and eu
calyptus decorations from the pa
tio lo the roof. Punch, barbecue
and snacks will be free.
AI Shaafs sextet will provide
dance music and other attrac
tions will include a wandering
accordionist, Leo Caselnuoud,
and fortune-teller Dare Stark
McMullin. Hayridcs will also be
offered.
Theta Chi has invited the rest
of the campus to its annual Gyp
sy Dance, to be held Saturday
from 9 to 1 at the Theta Chi
house.
A costume affair, the Gypsy
Dance will feature palm and eu
calyptus decorations from the pa
tio lo the roof. Punch, barbecue
and snacks will be free.
AI Shaafs sextet will provide
dance music and other attrac
tions will include a wandering
accordionist, Leo Caselnuoud,
and fortune-teller Dare Stark
McMullin. Hayridcs will also be
offered.
Theta Chi has invited the rest
of the campus to its annual Gyp
sy Dance, to be held Saturday
from 9 to 1 at the Theta Chi
house.
A costume affair, the Gypsy
Dance will feature palm and eu
calyptus decorations from the pa
tio lo the roof. Punch, barbecue
and snacks will be free.
AI Shaafs sextet will provide
dance music and other attrac
tions will include a wandering
accordionist, Leo Caselnuoud,
and fortune-teller Dare Stark
McMullin. Hayridcs will also be
offered.
Theta Chi has invited the rest
of the campus to its annual Gyp
sy Dance, to be held Saturday
from 9 to 1 at the Theta Chi
house.
A costume affair, the Gypsy
Dance will feature palm and eu
calyptus decorations from the pa
tio lo the roof. Punch, barbecue
and snacks will be free.
AI Shaafs sextet will provide
dance music and other attrac
tions will include a wandering
accordionist, Leo Caselnuoud,
and fortune-teller Dare Stark
McMullin. Hayridcs will also be
offered.
Theta Chi has invited the rest
of the campus to its annual Gyp
sy Dance, to be held Saturday
from 9 to 1 at the Theta Chi
house.
A costume affair, the Gypsy
Dance will feature palm and eu
calyptus decorations from the pa
tio lo the roof. Punch, barbecue
and snacks will be free.
AI Shaafs sextet will provide
dance music and other attrac
tions will include a wandering
accordionist, Leo Caselnuoud,
and fortune-teller Dare Stark
McMullin. Hayridcs will also be
offered.
Theta Chi has invited the rest
of the campus to its annual Gyp
sy Dance, to be held Saturday
from 9 to 1 at the Theta Chi
house.
A costume affair, the Gypsy
Dance will feature palm and eu
calyptus decorations from the pa
tio lo the roof. Punch, barbecue
and snacks will be free.
AI Shaafs sextet will provide
dance music and other attrac
tions will include a wandering
accordionist, Leo Caselnuoud,
and fortune-teller Dare Stark
McMullin. Hayridcs will also be
offered.
Theta Chi has invited the rest
of the campus to its annual Gyp
sy Dance, to be held Saturday
from 9 to 1 at the Theta Chi
house.
A costume affair, the Gypsy
Dance will feature palm and eu
calyptus decorations from the pa
tio lo the roof. Punch, barbecue
and snacks will be free.
AI Shaafs sextet will provide
dance music and other attrac
tions will include a wandering
accordionist, Leo Caselnuoud,
and fortune-teller Dare Stark
McMullin. Hayridcs will also be
offered.
Theta Chi has invited the rest
of the campus to its annual Gyp
sy Dance, to be held Saturday
from 9 to 1 at the Theta Chi
house.
A costume affair, the Gypsy
Dance will feature palm and eu
calyptus decorations from the pa
tio lo the roof. Punch, barbecue
and snacks will be free.
AI Shaafs sextet will provide
dance music and other attrac
tions will include a wandering
accordionist, Leo Caselnuoud,
and fortune-teller Dare Stark
McMullin. Hayridcs will also be
offered.
Theta Chi has invited the rest
of the campus to its annual Gyp
sy Dance, to be held Saturday
from 9 to 1 at the Theta Chi
house.
A costume affair, the Gypsy
Dance will feature palm and eu
calyptus decorations from the pa
tio lo the roof. Punch, barbecue
and snacks will be free.
AI Shaafs sextet will provide
dance music and other attrac
tions will include a wandering
accordionist, Leo Caselnuoud,
and fortune-teller Dare Stark
McMullin. Hayridcs will also be
offered.
Theta Chi has invited the rest
of the campus to its annual Gyp
sy Dance, to be held Saturday
from 9 to 1 at the Theta Chi
house.
A costume affair, the Gypsy
Dance will feature palm and eu
calyptus decorations from the pa
tio lo the roof. Punch, barbecue
and snacks will be free.
AI Shaafs sextet will provide
dance music and other attrac
tions will include a wandering
accordionist, Leo Caselnuoud,
and fortune-teller Dare Stark
McMullin. Hayridcs will also be
offered.
Theta Chi has invited the rest
of the campus to its annual Gyp
sy Dance, to be held Saturday
from 9 to 1 at the Theta Chi
house.
A costume affair, the Gypsy
Dance will feature palm and eu
calyptus decorations from the pa
tio lo the roof. Punch, barbecue
and snacks will be free.
AI Shaafs sextet will provide
dance music and other attrac
tions will include a wandering
accordionist, Leo Caselnuoud,
and fortune-teller Dare Stark
McMullin. Hayridcs will also be
offered.
