# Thieves Take Tape Recorders Monday
## 
### 
Two tape recorders with a
combined value of $78.") were re
ported stolen Monday morning
from the Military Science office.
Room 46, BAC.
The theft was discovered by Lt.
Col. Harold F. Clark, professor
T»f military science and tactics,
when he arrived at the office
Monday morning.
A police department official dc
scribed the missing items as a
magnetic AMPRO tape recorder
value <tat $319 and h magnctk
Ampex No. 600 tape recorder val
ued at $566.
Th tape recorders were govern
ment property.
Two tape recorders with a
combined value of $78.") were re
ported stolen Monday morning
from the Military Science office.
Room 46, BAC.
The theft was discovered by Lt.
Col. Harold F. Clark, professor
T»f military science and tactics,
when he arrived at the office
Monday morning.
A police department official dc
scribed the missing items as a
magnetic AMPRO tape recorder
value <tat $319 and h magnctk
Ampex No. 600 tape recorder val
ued at $566.
Th tape recorders were govern
ment property.
Two tape recorders with a
combined value of $78.") were re
ported stolen Monday morning
from the Military Science office.
Room 46, BAC.
The theft was discovered by Lt.
Col. Harold F. Clark, professor
T»f military science and tactics,
when he arrived at the office
Monday morning.
A police department official dc
scribed the missing items as a
magnetic AMPRO tape recorder
value <tat $319 and h magnctk
Ampex No. 600 tape recorder val
ued at $566.
Th tape recorders were govern
ment property.
Two tape recorders with a
combined value of $78.") were re
ported stolen Monday morning
from the Military Science office.
Room 46, BAC.
The theft was discovered by Lt.
Col. Harold F. Clark, professor
T»f military science and tactics,
when he arrived at the office
Monday morning.
A police department official dc
scribed the missing items as a
magnetic AMPRO tape recorder
value <tat $319 and h magnctk
Ampex No. 600 tape recorder val
ued at $566.
Th tape recorders were govern
ment property.
Two tape recorders with a
combined value of $78.") were re
ported stolen Monday morning
from the Military Science office.
Room 46, BAC.
The theft was discovered by Lt.
Col. Harold F. Clark, professor
T»f military science and tactics,
when he arrived at the office
Monday morning.
A police department official dc
scribed the missing items as a
magnetic AMPRO tape recorder
value <tat $319 and h magnctk
Ampex No. 600 tape recorder val
ued at $566.
Th tape recorders were govern
ment property.
Two tape recorders with a
combined value of $78.") were re
ported stolen Monday morning
from the Military Science office.
Room 46, BAC.
The theft was discovered by Lt.
Col. Harold F. Clark, professor
T»f military science and tactics,
when he arrived at the office
Monday morning.
A police department official dc
scribed the missing items as a
magnetic AMPRO tape recorder
value <tat $319 and h magnctk
Ampex No. 600 tape recorder val
ued at $566.
Th tape recorders were govern
ment property.
Two tape recorders with a
combined value of $78.") were re
ported stolen Monday morning
from the Military Science office.
Room 46, BAC.
The theft was discovered by Lt.
Col. Harold F. Clark, professor
T»f military science and tactics,
when he arrived at the office
Monday morning.
A police department official dc
scribed the missing items as a
magnetic AMPRO tape recorder
value <tat $319 and h magnctk
Ampex No. 600 tape recorder val
ued at $566.
Th tape recorders were govern
ment property.
Two tape recorders with a
combined value of $78.") were re
ported stolen Monday morning
from the Military Science office.
Room 46, BAC.
The theft was discovered by Lt.
Col. Harold F. Clark, professor
T»f military science and tactics,
when he arrived at the office
Monday morning.
A police department official dc
scribed the missing items as a
magnetic AMPRO tape recorder
value <tat $319 and h magnctk
Ampex No. 600 tape recorder val
ued at $566.
Th tape recorders were govern
ment property.
Two tape recorders with a
combined value of $78.") were re
ported stolen Monday morning
from the Military Science office.
Room 46, BAC.
The theft was discovered by Lt.
Col. Harold F. Clark, professor
T»f military science and tactics,
when he arrived at the office
Monday morning.
A police department official dc
scribed the missing items as a
magnetic AMPRO tape recorder
value <tat $319 and h magnctk
Ampex No. 600 tape recorder val
ued at $566.
Th tape recorders were govern
ment property.
Two tape recorders with a
combined value of $78.") were re
ported stolen Monday morning
from the Military Science office.
Room 46, BAC.
The theft was discovered by Lt.
Col. Harold F. Clark, professor
T»f military science and tactics,
when he arrived at the office
Monday morning.
A police department official dc
scribed the missing items as a
magnetic AMPRO tape recorder
value <tat $319 and h magnctk
Ampex No. 600 tape recorder val
ued at $566.
Th tape recorders were govern
ment property.
Two tape recorders with a
combined value of $78.") were re
ported stolen Monday morning
from the Military Science office.
Room 46, BAC.
The theft was discovered by Lt.
Col. Harold F. Clark, professor
T»f military science and tactics,
when he arrived at the office
Monday morning.
A police department official dc
scribed the missing items as a
magnetic AMPRO tape recorder
value <tat $319 and h magnctk
Ampex No. 600 tape recorder val
ued at $566.
Th tape recorders were govern
ment property.
Two tape recorders with a
combined value of $78.") were re
ported stolen Monday morning
from the Military Science office.
Room 46, BAC.
The theft was discovered by Lt.
Col. Harold F. Clark, professor
T»f military science and tactics,
when he arrived at the office
Monday morning.
A police department official dc
scribed the missing items as a
magnetic AMPRO tape recorder
value <tat $319 and h magnctk
Ampex No. 600 tape recorder val
ued at $566.
Th tape recorders were govern
ment property.
Two tape recorders with a
combined value of $78.") were re
ported stolen Monday morning
from the Military Science office.
Room 46, BAC.
The theft was discovered by Lt.
Col. Harold F. Clark, professor
T»f military science and tactics,
when he arrived at the office
Monday morning.
A police department official dc
scribed the missing items as a
magnetic AMPRO tape recorder
value <tat $319 and h magnctk
Ampex No. 600 tape recorder val
ued at $566.
Th tape recorders were govern
ment property.
Two tape recorders with a
combined value of $78.") were re
ported stolen Monday morning
from the Military Science office.
Room 46, BAC.
The theft was discovered by Lt.
Col. Harold F. Clark, professor
T»f military science and tactics,
when he arrived at the office
Monday morning.
A police department official dc
scribed the missing items as a
magnetic AMPRO tape recorder
value <tat $319 and h magnctk
Ampex No. 600 tape recorder val
ued at $566.
Th tape recorders were govern
ment property.
Two tape recorders with a
combined value of $78.") were re
ported stolen Monday morning
from the Military Science office.
Room 46, BAC.
The theft was discovered by Lt.
Col. Harold F. Clark, professor
T»f military science and tactics,
when he arrived at the office
Monday morning.
A police department official dc
scribed the missing items as a
magnetic AMPRO tape recorder
value <tat $319 and h magnctk
Ampex No. 600 tape recorder val
ued at $566.
Th tape recorders were govern
ment property.
Two tape recorders with a
combined value of $78.") were re
ported stolen Monday morning
from the Military Science office.
Room 46, BAC.
The theft was discovered by Lt.
Col. Harold F. Clark, professor
T»f military science and tactics,
when he arrived at the office
Monday morning.
A police department official dc
scribed the missing items as a
magnetic AMPRO tape recorder
value <tat $319 and h magnctk
Ampex No. 600 tape recorder val
ued at $566.
Th tape recorders were govern
ment property.
