# Mrs. Winbigler Heads Fac Women
## 
### 
Mrs. H. Donald Winbigler will
head (he Stanford Faculty Worn
en's Club nexl year. She six
ceeds Mrs. Frederick E. Terman.
Those who will serve with Mrs.
Winbigler are Mrs. Elmer C.
Wagner, vice • president; Mrs.
Carl Spaeth, treasurer; Mrs. Pe
ter Kmetovic, recording secre
tary; and Mrs. George Sensa
baugh, corresponding secretary.
Mrs. H. Donald Winbigler will
head (he Stanford Faculty Worn
en's Club nexl year. She six
ceeds Mrs. Frederick E. Terman.
Those who will serve with Mrs.
Winbigler are Mrs. Elmer C.
Wagner, vice • president; Mrs.
Carl Spaeth, treasurer; Mrs. Pe
ter Kmetovic, recording secre
tary; and Mrs. George Sensa
baugh, corresponding secretary.
Mrs. H. Donald Winbigler will
head (he Stanford Faculty Worn
en's Club nexl year. She six
ceeds Mrs. Frederick E. Terman.
Those who will serve with Mrs.
Winbigler are Mrs. Elmer C.
Wagner, vice • president; Mrs.
Carl Spaeth, treasurer; Mrs. Pe
ter Kmetovic, recording secre
tary; and Mrs. George Sensa
baugh, corresponding secretary.
Mrs. H. Donald Winbigler will
head (he Stanford Faculty Worn
en's Club nexl year. She six
ceeds Mrs. Frederick E. Terman.
Those who will serve with Mrs.
Winbigler are Mrs. Elmer C.
Wagner, vice • president; Mrs.
Carl Spaeth, treasurer; Mrs. Pe
ter Kmetovic, recording secre
tary; and Mrs. George Sensa
baugh, corresponding secretary.
Mrs. H. Donald Winbigler will
head (he Stanford Faculty Worn
en's Club nexl year. She six
ceeds Mrs. Frederick E. Terman.
Those who will serve with Mrs.
Winbigler are Mrs. Elmer C.
Wagner, vice • president; Mrs.
Carl Spaeth, treasurer; Mrs. Pe
ter Kmetovic, recording secre
tary; and Mrs. George Sensa
baugh, corresponding secretary.
Mrs. H. Donald Winbigler will
head (he Stanford Faculty Worn
en's Club nexl year. She six
ceeds Mrs. Frederick E. Terman.
Those who will serve with Mrs.
Winbigler are Mrs. Elmer C.
Wagner, vice • president; Mrs.
Carl Spaeth, treasurer; Mrs. Pe
ter Kmetovic, recording secre
tary; and Mrs. George Sensa
baugh, corresponding secretary.
Mrs. H. Donald Winbigler will
head (he Stanford Faculty Worn
en's Club nexl year. She six
ceeds Mrs. Frederick E. Terman.
Those who will serve with Mrs.
Winbigler are Mrs. Elmer C.
Wagner, vice • president; Mrs.
Carl Spaeth, treasurer; Mrs. Pe
ter Kmetovic, recording secre
tary; and Mrs. George Sensa
baugh, corresponding secretary.
Mrs. H. Donald Winbigler will
head (he Stanford Faculty Worn
en's Club nexl year. She six
ceeds Mrs. Frederick E. Terman.
Those who will serve with Mrs.
Winbigler are Mrs. Elmer C.
Wagner, vice • president; Mrs.
Carl Spaeth, treasurer; Mrs. Pe
ter Kmetovic, recording secre
tary; and Mrs. George Sensa
baugh, corresponding secretary.
Mrs. H. Donald Winbigler will
head (he Stanford Faculty Worn
en's Club nexl year. She six
ceeds Mrs. Frederick E. Terman.
Those who will serve with Mrs.
Winbigler are Mrs. Elmer C.
Wagner, vice • president; Mrs.
Carl Spaeth, treasurer; Mrs. Pe
ter Kmetovic, recording secre
tary; and Mrs. George Sensa
baugh, corresponding secretary.
Mrs. H. Donald Winbigler will
head (he Stanford Faculty Worn
en's Club nexl year. She six
ceeds Mrs. Frederick E. Terman.
Those who will serve with Mrs.
Winbigler are Mrs. Elmer C.
Wagner, vice • president; Mrs.
Carl Spaeth, treasurer; Mrs. Pe
ter Kmetovic, recording secre
tary; and Mrs. George Sensa
baugh, corresponding secretary.
Mrs. H. Donald Winbigler will
head (he Stanford Faculty Worn
en's Club nexl year. She six
ceeds Mrs. Frederick E. Terman.
Those who will serve with Mrs.
Winbigler are Mrs. Elmer C.
Wagner, vice • president; Mrs.
Carl Spaeth, treasurer; Mrs. Pe
ter Kmetovic, recording secre
tary; and Mrs. George Sensa
baugh, corresponding secretary.
Mrs. H. Donald Winbigler will
head (he Stanford Faculty Worn
en's Club nexl year. She six
ceeds Mrs. Frederick E. Terman.
Those who will serve with Mrs.
Winbigler are Mrs. Elmer C.
Wagner, vice • president; Mrs.
Carl Spaeth, treasurer; Mrs. Pe
ter Kmetovic, recording secre
tary; and Mrs. George Sensa
baugh, corresponding secretary.
Mrs. H. Donald Winbigler will
head (he Stanford Faculty Worn
en's Club nexl year. She six
ceeds Mrs. Frederick E. Terman.
Those who will serve with Mrs.
Winbigler are Mrs. Elmer C.
Wagner, vice • president; Mrs.
Carl Spaeth, treasurer; Mrs. Pe
ter Kmetovic, recording secre
tary; and Mrs. George Sensa
baugh, corresponding secretary.
Mrs. H. Donald Winbigler will
head (he Stanford Faculty Worn
en's Club nexl year. She six
ceeds Mrs. Frederick E. Terman.
Those who will serve with Mrs.
Winbigler are Mrs. Elmer C.
Wagner, vice • president; Mrs.
Carl Spaeth, treasurer; Mrs. Pe
ter Kmetovic, recording secre
tary; and Mrs. George Sensa
baugh, corresponding secretary.
Mrs. H. Donald Winbigler will
head (he Stanford Faculty Worn
en's Club nexl year. She six
ceeds Mrs. Frederick E. Terman.
Those who will serve with Mrs.
Winbigler are Mrs. Elmer C.
Wagner, vice • president; Mrs.
Carl Spaeth, treasurer; Mrs. Pe
ter Kmetovic, recording secre
tary; and Mrs. George Sensa
baugh, corresponding secretary.
Mrs. H. Donald Winbigler will
head (he Stanford Faculty Worn
en's Club nexl year. She six
ceeds Mrs. Frederick E. Terman.
Those who will serve with Mrs.
Winbigler are Mrs. Elmer C.
Wagner, vice • president; Mrs.
Carl Spaeth, treasurer; Mrs. Pe
ter Kmetovic, recording secre
tary; and Mrs. George Sensa
baugh, corresponding secretary.
