# No Suicide, Just Killing a Cricket
## 
### 
SACRAMENTO, May 2 1
(UP) —Robert Mathis made a
carbon monoxide trap out of
his car yesterday by running a
hose from the exhaust pipe
through a rear window.
"Suicide? What suicide?" he
asked excited sheriff's depu
ties.
"There's a cricket in there
that's been driving me crazy.
I'm gonna get him —one way
or another."
SACRAMENTO, May 2 1
(UP) —Robert Mathis made a
carbon monoxide trap out of
his car yesterday by running a
hose from the exhaust pipe
through a rear window.
"Suicide? What suicide?" he
asked excited sheriff's depu
ties.
"There's a cricket in there
that's been driving me crazy.
I'm gonna get him —one way
or another."
SACRAMENTO, May 2 1
(UP) —Robert Mathis made a
carbon monoxide trap out of
his car yesterday by running a
hose from the exhaust pipe
through a rear window.
"Suicide? What suicide?" he
asked excited sheriff's depu
ties.
"There's a cricket in there
that's been driving me crazy.
I'm gonna get him —one way
or another."
SACRAMENTO, May 2 1
(UP) —Robert Mathis made a
carbon monoxide trap out of
his car yesterday by running a
hose from the exhaust pipe
through a rear window.
"Suicide? What suicide?" he
asked excited sheriff's depu
ties.
"There's a cricket in there
that's been driving me crazy.
I'm gonna get him —one way
or another."
SACRAMENTO, May 2 1
(UP) —Robert Mathis made a
carbon monoxide trap out of
his car yesterday by running a
hose from the exhaust pipe
through a rear window.
"Suicide? What suicide?" he
asked excited sheriff's depu
ties.
"There's a cricket in there
that's been driving me crazy.
I'm gonna get him —one way
or another."
SACRAMENTO, May 2 1
(UP) —Robert Mathis made a
carbon monoxide trap out of
his car yesterday by running a
hose from the exhaust pipe
through a rear window.
"Suicide? What suicide?" he
asked excited sheriff's depu
ties.
"There's a cricket in there
that's been driving me crazy.
I'm gonna get him —one way
or another."
SACRAMENTO, May 2 1
(UP) —Robert Mathis made a
carbon monoxide trap out of
his car yesterday by running a
hose from the exhaust pipe
through a rear window.
"Suicide? What suicide?" he
asked excited sheriff's depu
ties.
"There's a cricket in there
that's been driving me crazy.
I'm gonna get him —one way
or another."
SACRAMENTO, May 2 1
(UP) —Robert Mathis made a
carbon monoxide trap out of
his car yesterday by running a
hose from the exhaust pipe
through a rear window.
"Suicide? What suicide?" he
asked excited sheriff's depu
ties.
"There's a cricket in there
that's been driving me crazy.
I'm gonna get him —one way
or another."
SACRAMENTO, May 2 1
(UP) —Robert Mathis made a
carbon monoxide trap out of
his car yesterday by running a
hose from the exhaust pipe
through a rear window.
"Suicide? What suicide?" he
asked excited sheriff's depu
ties.
"There's a cricket in there
that's been driving me crazy.
I'm gonna get him —one way
or another."
SACRAMENTO, May 2 1
(UP) —Robert Mathis made a
carbon monoxide trap out of
his car yesterday by running a
hose from the exhaust pipe
through a rear window.
"Suicide? What suicide?" he
asked excited sheriff's depu
ties.
"There's a cricket in there
that's been driving me crazy.
I'm gonna get him —one way
or another."
SACRAMENTO, May 2 1
(UP) —Robert Mathis made a
carbon monoxide trap out of
his car yesterday by running a
hose from the exhaust pipe
through a rear window.
"Suicide? What suicide?" he
asked excited sheriff's depu
ties.
"There's a cricket in there
that's been driving me crazy.
I'm gonna get him —one way
or another."
SACRAMENTO, May 2 1
(UP) —Robert Mathis made a
carbon monoxide trap out of
his car yesterday by running a
hose from the exhaust pipe
through a rear window.
"Suicide? What suicide?" he
asked excited sheriff's depu
ties.
"There's a cricket in there
that's been driving me crazy.
I'm gonna get him —one way
or another."
SACRAMENTO, May 2 1
(UP) —Robert Mathis made a
carbon monoxide trap out of
his car yesterday by running a
hose from the exhaust pipe
through a rear window.
"Suicide? What suicide?" he
asked excited sheriff's depu
ties.
"There's a cricket in there
that's been driving me crazy.
I'm gonna get him —one way
or another."
SACRAMENTO, May 2 1
(UP) —Robert Mathis made a
carbon monoxide trap out of
his car yesterday by running a
hose from the exhaust pipe
through a rear window.
"Suicide? What suicide?" he
asked excited sheriff's depu
ties.
"There's a cricket in there
that's been driving me crazy.
I'm gonna get him —one way
or another."
SACRAMENTO, May 2 1
(UP) —Robert Mathis made a
carbon monoxide trap out of
his car yesterday by running a
hose from the exhaust pipe
through a rear window.
"Suicide? What suicide?" he
asked excited sheriff's depu
ties.
"There's a cricket in there
that's been driving me crazy.
I'm gonna get him —one way
or another."
SACRAMENTO, May 2 1
(UP) —Robert Mathis made a
carbon monoxide trap out of
his car yesterday by running a
hose from the exhaust pipe
through a rear window.
"Suicide? What suicide?" he
asked excited sheriff's depu
ties.
"There's a cricket in there
that's been driving me crazy.
I'm gonna get him —one way
or another."
