# Expert on Travel To Give IIR Talk
## 
### 
Miss Katherine Thanas of the
Council for Student Travel and
two exchange students will give
their opinions of how Americans
are received in Europe tomorrow
at the final Travel Tips Talk of
the quarter at 4:15 p.m. in Bow
man Alumni House.
Miss Katherine Thanas of the
Council for Student Travel and
two exchange students will give
their opinions of how Americans
are received in Europe tomorrow
at the final Travel Tips Talk of
the quarter at 4:15 p.m. in Bow
man Alumni House.
Miss Katherine Thanas of the
Council for Student Travel and
two exchange students will give
their opinions of how Americans
are received in Europe tomorrow
at the final Travel Tips Talk of
the quarter at 4:15 p.m. in Bow
man Alumni House.
Miss Katherine Thanas of the
Council for Student Travel and
two exchange students will give
their opinions of how Americans
are received in Europe tomorrow
at the final Travel Tips Talk of
the quarter at 4:15 p.m. in Bow
man Alumni House.
Miss Katherine Thanas of the
Council for Student Travel and
two exchange students will give
their opinions of how Americans
are received in Europe tomorrow
at the final Travel Tips Talk of
the quarter at 4:15 p.m. in Bow
man Alumni House.
Miss Katherine Thanas of the
Council for Student Travel and
two exchange students will give
their opinions of how Americans
are received in Europe tomorrow
at the final Travel Tips Talk of
the quarter at 4:15 p.m. in Bow
man Alumni House.
Miss Katherine Thanas of the
Council for Student Travel and
two exchange students will give
their opinions of how Americans
are received in Europe tomorrow
at the final Travel Tips Talk of
the quarter at 4:15 p.m. in Bow
man Alumni House.
Miss Katherine Thanas of the
Council for Student Travel and
two exchange students will give
their opinions of how Americans
are received in Europe tomorrow
at the final Travel Tips Talk of
the quarter at 4:15 p.m. in Bow
man Alumni House.
Miss Katherine Thanas of the
Council for Student Travel and
two exchange students will give
their opinions of how Americans
are received in Europe tomorrow
at the final Travel Tips Talk of
the quarter at 4:15 p.m. in Bow
man Alumni House.
Miss Katherine Thanas of the
Council for Student Travel and
two exchange students will give
their opinions of how Americans
are received in Europe tomorrow
at the final Travel Tips Talk of
the quarter at 4:15 p.m. in Bow
man Alumni House.
Miss Katherine Thanas of the
Council for Student Travel and
two exchange students will give
their opinions of how Americans
are received in Europe tomorrow
at the final Travel Tips Talk of
the quarter at 4:15 p.m. in Bow
man Alumni House.
Miss Katherine Thanas of the
Council for Student Travel and
two exchange students will give
their opinions of how Americans
are received in Europe tomorrow
at the final Travel Tips Talk of
the quarter at 4:15 p.m. in Bow
man Alumni House.
Miss Katherine Thanas of the
Council for Student Travel and
two exchange students will give
their opinions of how Americans
are received in Europe tomorrow
at the final Travel Tips Talk of
the quarter at 4:15 p.m. in Bow
man Alumni House.
Miss Katherine Thanas of the
Council for Student Travel and
two exchange students will give
their opinions of how Americans
are received in Europe tomorrow
at the final Travel Tips Talk of
the quarter at 4:15 p.m. in Bow
man Alumni House.
Miss Katherine Thanas of the
Council for Student Travel and
two exchange students will give
their opinions of how Americans
are received in Europe tomorrow
at the final Travel Tips Talk of
the quarter at 4:15 p.m. in Bow
man Alumni House.
Miss Katherine Thanas of the
Council for Student Travel and
two exchange students will give
their opinions of how Americans
are received in Europe tomorrow
at the final Travel Tips Talk of
the quarter at 4:15 p.m. in Bow
man Alumni House.
