# KZSU Elects Station Officers
## 
### 
KZSU recently announced that
Carry Tripp has been elected sla
lion manager for next year.
Other staff members are Steve
Bafftey, program director, and
.tim Harvey, chief engineer. Jim
Campbell will be assistant to the
station manager.
Executive Board mombcrs, for
the next six months, are: Nancy
Jackson, head of continuity; Bob
Bee ley and John Lane, directors
of new and special events; Mar
tha Metzler, music librarian;
John Ames, recording chief; Jim
Ctabherl, head of maintenance;
Dave IJndgren, studio chief; and
Tom Grossman, remote engineer.
Bay Butler is in charge of
scheduling; Gary Gielow, sales
department; Terry Sandke, per
sonnel; Jane Beard, executive
secretary; Evelyn 'Dees, office
manager; W. Joseph Rhoades,
head sportscaster.
