# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The University of Oregon obtained
$2,600 worth of jobs for students this
semester through its Y. M. C. A. bu
reau.
The University of Oregon obtained
$2,600 worth of jobs for students this
semester through its Y. M. C. A. bu
reau.
The University of Oregon obtained
$2,600 worth of jobs for students this
semester through its Y. M. C. A. bu
reau.
The University of Oregon obtained
$2,600 worth of jobs for students this
semester through its Y. M. C. A. bu
reau.
The University of Oregon obtained
$2,600 worth of jobs for students this
semester through its Y. M. C. A. bu
reau.
The University of Oregon obtained
$2,600 worth of jobs for students this
semester through its Y. M. C. A. bu
reau.
The University of Oregon obtained
$2,600 worth of jobs for students this
semester through its Y. M. C. A. bu
reau.
The University of Oregon obtained
$2,600 worth of jobs for students this
semester through its Y. M. C. A. bu
reau.
The University of Oregon obtained
$2,600 worth of jobs for students this
semester through its Y. M. C. A. bu
reau.
The University of Oregon obtained
$2,600 worth of jobs for students this
semester through its Y. M. C. A. bu
reau.
The University of Oregon obtained
$2,600 worth of jobs for students this
semester through its Y. M. C. A. bu
reau.
The University of Oregon obtained
$2,600 worth of jobs for students this
semester through its Y. M. C. A. bu
reau.
The University of Oregon obtained
$2,600 worth of jobs for students this
semester through its Y. M. C. A. bu
reau.
