# KAPPA SIG PLEDGE
## 
### 
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bruce Anderson, '34.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bruce Anderson, '34.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bruce Anderson, '34.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bruce Anderson, '34.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bruce Anderson, '34.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bruce Anderson, '34.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bruce Anderson, '34.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bruce Anderson, '34.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bruce Anderson, '34.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bruce Anderson, '34.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bruce Anderson, '34.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bruce Anderson, '34.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bruce Anderson, '34.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bruce Anderson, '34.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bruce Anderson, '34.
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Bruce Anderson, '34.
