# Adv. 26 Page 8
## 
### 
Did you
know
we can find
a breast
cancer
as small as
the head of
a pin?
Such a tiny cancer can
almost always be cured. A
cancer of this size can best
be found by mammography
â€”a technique of low-dose
breast x-rays. Using far
less radiation than ever
before, mammography
can detect a cancer long
before a lump can be felt.
While the cancer is still
highly curable.
Not every woman needs
mammography. But for
those women over 50 or
with special reasons to
concerned, like those v ,n
symptoms or a strong
family history of breast
cancer, mammography
can find a tiny cancer
before it has spread.
Ask your doctor about
mammography.
i
American
Cancer
Society
THIS SPACR CONTRIBUTED A 8 A PUBLIC SFRVICR
