# Contents
## 
### 
Respect thy nature
9 As a summer service
project, two Stanford
seniors teach San
Francisco students to
appreciate the environ
ment. Through participa
tion in innovative art
projects and urban tours,
the kids are better able to
relate to pressing envi
ronmental concerns.

When smoke gets in
your eyes
4 A wee k, a
I wbrushfire engulfed
500 acres of the Stanford
Foothills, frightening
many because its dark,
billowing clouds of smoke
reminded them of the
Oakland hills fire.
Although no injuries
were reported and no
structures were dam
aged, local firefighters
worry that state fiscal
woes may lead to cuts
that threaten fire safety
measures.

Secondary stars
Starting Cardinal
I Ocornerbacks
Vaughn Bryant and
Darrien Gordon may
steal the spotlight in this
fall's football season.
Senior Gordon includes
in his shining record a
42-yard interception
return for a touchdown
while Bryant's playing
ability increased with a
higher slope than that of
the team. His strength?
"Coverage, man-to-man,"
he said.

Holy cartwheels,
Batman!
jj £5 Comic books
I O include more than
super heroes. In recent
years, comic book writers
have made efforts to
broaden their appeal by
improving the quality of
writing, decreasing the
violence and creating
new, more interesting
heroes. "Sandman,"
"Elf Quest" and "Give Me
Liberty" are three titles
that attempt this.

Take a little trip
4 Theatre Works
I m sponsors one more
enjoyable play this week,
'The Human Comedy."
The spirited musical
promises a night of excel
lent song (composed by
Gait MacDermot of
"Hair" fame), in spite of
the thin plot line. 'The
Human Comedy" will run
through Aug. 8 at the
Lucie Stern Theatre in
Palo Alto.
Cover photos — Rajiv Chandrasekarar





Respect thy nature
9 As a summer service
project, two Stanford
seniors teach San
Francisco students to
appreciate the environ
ment. Through participa
tion in innovative art
projects and urban tours,
the kids are better able to
relate to pressing envi
ronmental concerns.

When smoke gets in
your eyes
4 A wee k, a
I wbrushfire engulfed
500 acres of the Stanford
Foothills, frightening
many because its dark,
billowing clouds of smoke
reminded them of the
Oakland hills fire.
Although no injuries
were reported and no
structures were dam
aged, local firefighters
worry that state fiscal
woes may lead to cuts
that threaten fire safety
measures.

Secondary stars
Starting Cardinal
I Ocornerbacks
Vaughn Bryant and
Darrien Gordon may
steal the spotlight in this
fall's football season.
Senior Gordon includes
in his shining record a
42-yard interception
return for a touchdown
while Bryant's playing
ability increased with a
higher slope than that of
the team. His strength?
"Coverage, man-to-man,"
he said.

Holy cartwheels,
Batman!
jj £5 Comic books
I O include more than
super heroes. In recent
years, comic book writers
have made efforts to
broaden their appeal by
improving the quality of
writing, decreasing the
violence and creating
new, more interesting
heroes. "Sandman,"
"Elf Quest" and "Give Me
Liberty" are three titles
that attempt this.

Take a little trip
4 Theatre Works
I m sponsors one more
enjoyable play this week,
'The Human Comedy."
The spirited musical
promises a night of excel
lent song (composed by
Gait MacDermot of
"Hair" fame), in spite of
the thin plot line. 'The
Human Comedy" will run
through Aug. 8 at the
Lucie Stern Theatre in
Palo Alto.
Cover photos — Rajiv Chandrasekarar





Respect thy nature
9 As a summer service
project, two Stanford
seniors teach San
Francisco students to
appreciate the environ
ment. Through participa
tion in innovative art
projects and urban tours,
the kids are better able to
relate to pressing envi
ronmental concerns.

When smoke gets in
your eyes
4 A wee k, a
I wbrushfire engulfed
500 acres of the Stanford
Foothills, frightening
many because its dark,
billowing clouds of smoke
reminded them of the
Oakland hills fire.
Although no injuries
were reported and no
structures were dam
aged, local firefighters
worry that state fiscal
woes may lead to cuts
that threaten fire safety
measures.

Secondary stars
Starting Cardinal
I Ocornerbacks
Vaughn Bryant and
Darrien Gordon may
steal the spotlight in this
fall's football season.
Senior Gordon includes
in his shining record a
42-yard interception
return for a touchdown
while Bryant's playing
ability increased with a
higher slope than that of
the team. His strength?
"Coverage, man-to-man,"
he said.

Holy cartwheels,
Batman!
jj £5 Comic books
I O include more than
super heroes. In recent
years, comic book writers
have made efforts to
broaden their appeal by
improving the quality of
writing, decreasing the
violence and creating
new, more interesting
heroes. "Sandman,"
"Elf Quest" and "Give Me
Liberty" are three titles
that attempt this.

Take a little trip
4 Theatre Works
I m sponsors one more
enjoyable play this week,
'The Human Comedy."
The spirited musical
promises a night of excel
lent song (composed by
Gait MacDermot of
"Hair" fame), in spite of
the thin plot line. 'The
Human Comedy" will run
through Aug. 8 at the
Lucie Stern Theatre in
Palo Alto.
Cover photos — Rajiv Chandrasekarar





Respect thy nature
9 As a summer service
project, two Stanford
seniors teach San
Francisco students to
appreciate the environ
ment. Through participa
tion in innovative art
projects and urban tours,
the kids are better able to
relate to pressing envi
ronmental concerns.

When smoke gets in
your eyes
4 A wee k, a
I wbrushfire engulfed
500 acres of the Stanford
Foothills, frightening
many because its dark,
billowing clouds of smoke
reminded them of the
Oakland hills fire.
Although no injuries
were reported and no
structures were dam
aged, local firefighters
worry that state fiscal
woes may lead to cuts
that threaten fire safety
measures.

Secondary stars
Starting Cardinal
I Ocornerbacks
Vaughn Bryant and
Darrien Gordon may
steal the spotlight in this
fall's football season.
Senior Gordon includes
in his shining record a
42-yard interception
return for a touchdown
while Bryant's playing
ability increased with a
higher slope than that of
the team. His strength?
"Coverage, man-to-man,"
he said.

Holy cartwheels,
Batman!
jj £5 Comic books
I O include more than
super heroes. In recent
years, comic book writers
have made efforts to
broaden their appeal by
improving the quality of
writing, decreasing the
violence and creating
new, more interesting
heroes. "Sandman,"
"Elf Quest" and "Give Me
Liberty" are three titles
that attempt this.

Take a little trip
4 Theatre Works
I m sponsors one more
enjoyable play this week,
'The Human Comedy."
The spirited musical
promises a night of excel
lent song (composed by
Gait MacDermot of
"Hair" fame), in spite of
the thin plot line. 'The
Human Comedy" will run
through Aug. 8 at the
Lucie Stern Theatre in
Palo Alto.
Cover photos — Rajiv Chandrasekarar





Respect thy nature
9 As a summer service
project, two Stanford
seniors teach San
Francisco students to
appreciate the environ
ment. Through participa
tion in innovative art
projects and urban tours,
the kids are better able to
relate to pressing envi
ronmental concerns.

When smoke gets in
your eyes
4 A wee k, a
I wbrushfire engulfed
500 acres of the Stanford
Foothills, frightening
many because its dark,
billowing clouds of smoke
reminded them of the
Oakland hills fire.
Although no injuries
were reported and no
structures were dam
aged, local firefighters
worry that state fiscal
woes may lead to cuts
that threaten fire safety
measures.

Secondary stars
Starting Cardinal
I Ocornerbacks
Vaughn Bryant and
Darrien Gordon may
steal the spotlight in this
fall's football season.
Senior Gordon includes
in his shining record a
42-yard interception
return for a touchdown
while Bryant's playing
ability increased with a
higher slope than that of
the team. His strength?
"Coverage, man-to-man,"
he said.

Holy cartwheels,
Batman!
jj £5 Comic books
I O include more than
super heroes. In recent
years, comic book writers
have made efforts to
broaden their appeal by
improving the quality of
writing, decreasing the
violence and creating
new, more interesting
heroes. "Sandman,"
"Elf Quest" and "Give Me
Liberty" are three titles
that attempt this.

Take a little trip
4 Theatre Works
I m sponsors one more
enjoyable play this week,
'The Human Comedy."
The spirited musical
promises a night of excel
lent song (composed by
Gait MacDermot of
"Hair" fame), in spite of
the thin plot line. 'The
Human Comedy" will run
through Aug. 8 at the
Lucie Stern Theatre in
Palo Alto.
Cover photos — Rajiv Chandrasekarar





Respect thy nature
9 As a summer service
project, two Stanford
seniors teach San
Francisco students to
appreciate the environ
ment. Through participa
tion in innovative art
projects and urban tours,
the kids are better able to
relate to pressing envi
ronmental concerns.

When smoke gets in
your eyes
4 A wee k, a
I wbrushfire engulfed
500 acres of the Stanford
Foothills, frightening
many because its dark,
billowing clouds of smoke
reminded them of the
Oakland hills fire.
Although no injuries
were reported and no
structures were dam
aged, local firefighters
worry that state fiscal
woes may lead to cuts
that threaten fire safety
measures.

Secondary stars
Starting Cardinal
I Ocornerbacks
Vaughn Bryant and
Darrien Gordon may
steal the spotlight in this
fall's football season.
Senior Gordon includes
in his shining record a
42-yard interception
return for a touchdown
while Bryant's playing
ability increased with a
higher slope than that of
the team. His strength?
"Coverage, man-to-man,"
he said.

Holy cartwheels,
Batman!
jj £5 Comic books
I O include more than
super heroes. In recent
years, comic book writers
have made efforts to
broaden their appeal by
improving the quality of
writing, decreasing the
violence and creating
new, more interesting
heroes. "Sandman,"
"Elf Quest" and "Give Me
Liberty" are three titles
that attempt this.

Take a little trip
4 Theatre Works
I m sponsors one more
enjoyable play this week,
'The Human Comedy."
The spirited musical
promises a night of excel
lent song (composed by
Gait MacDermot of
"Hair" fame), in spite of
the thin plot line. 'The
Human Comedy" will run
through Aug. 8 at the
Lucie Stern Theatre in
Palo Alto.
Cover photos — Rajiv Chandrasekarar





Respect thy nature
9 As a summer service
project, two Stanford
seniors teach San
Francisco students to
appreciate the environ
ment. Through participa
tion in innovative art
projects and urban tours,
the kids are better able to
relate to pressing envi
ronmental concerns.

When smoke gets in
your eyes
4 A wee k, a
I wbrushfire engulfed
500 acres of the Stanford
Foothills, frightening
many because its dark,
billowing clouds of smoke
reminded them of the
Oakland hills fire.
Although no injuries
were reported and no
structures were dam
aged, local firefighters
worry that state fiscal
woes may lead to cuts
that threaten fire safety
measures.

Secondary stars
Starting Cardinal
I Ocornerbacks
Vaughn Bryant and
Darrien Gordon may
steal the spotlight in this
fall's football season.
Senior Gordon includes
in his shining record a
42-yard interception
return for a touchdown
while Bryant's playing
ability increased with a
higher slope than that of
the team. His strength?
"Coverage, man-to-man,"
he said.

Holy cartwheels,
Batman!
jj £5 Comic books
I O include more than
super heroes. In recent
years, comic book writers
have made efforts to
broaden their appeal by
improving the quality of
writing, decreasing the
violence and creating
new, more interesting
heroes. "Sandman,"
"Elf Quest" and "Give Me
Liberty" are three titles
that attempt this.

Take a little trip
4 Theatre Works
I m sponsors one more
enjoyable play this week,
'The Human Comedy."
The spirited musical
promises a night of excel
lent song (composed by
Gait MacDermot of
"Hair" fame), in spite of
the thin plot line. 'The
Human Comedy" will run
through Aug. 8 at the
Lucie Stern Theatre in
Palo Alto.
Cover photos — Rajiv Chandrasekarar





