# Adv. 13 Page 4
## 
### 
$1.50 for 2 lines Storke Student
for 2 weeks Publications Building
$1.50 for 2 lines Storke Student
for 2 weeks Publications Building
$1.50 for 2 lines Storke Student
for 2 weeks Publications Building
$1.50 for 2 lines Storke Student
for 2 weeks Publications Building
$1.50 for 2 lines Storke Student
for 2 weeks Publications Building
$1.50 for 2 lines Storke Student
for 2 weeks Publications Building
$1.50 for 2 lines Storke Student
for 2 weeks Publications Building
$1.50 for 2 lines Storke Student
for 2 weeks Publications Building
$1.50 for 2 lines Storke Student
for 2 weeks Publications Building
$1.50 for 2 lines Storke Student
for 2 weeks Publications Building
$1.50 for 2 lines Storke Student
for 2 weeks Publications Building
$1.50 for 2 lines Storke Student
for 2 weeks Publications Building
$1.50 for 2 lines Storke Student
for 2 weeks Publications Building
$1.50 for 2 lines Storke Student
for 2 weeks Publications Building
