# Untitled Article
## 
### 
2!)8 TICKETS SOLD
Stanford may be playing the
most crucial and the toughest
game of its most crucial sea
son, but Stanford students
haven't heard about it. In the
two-day sale 298 rooters' tick
ets were sold ,slightly more
than two weeks ago, but far
under the proper size of a
Stanford basketball rooting sec
tion.
2!)8 TICKETS SOLD
Stanford may be playing the
most crucial and the toughest
game of its most crucial sea
son, but Stanford students
haven't heard about it. In the
two-day sale 298 rooters' tick
ets were sold ,slightly more
than two weeks ago, but far
under the proper size of a
Stanford basketball rooting sec
tion.
2!)8 TICKETS SOLD
Stanford may be playing the
most crucial and the toughest
game of its most crucial sea
son, but Stanford students
haven't heard about it. In the
two-day sale 298 rooters' tick
ets were sold ,slightly more
than two weeks ago, but far
under the proper size of a
Stanford basketball rooting sec
tion.
2!)8 TICKETS SOLD
Stanford may be playing the
most crucial and the toughest
game of its most crucial sea
son, but Stanford students
haven't heard about it. In the
two-day sale 298 rooters' tick
ets were sold ,slightly more
than two weeks ago, but far
under the proper size of a
Stanford basketball rooting sec
tion.
2!)8 TICKETS SOLD
Stanford may be playing the
most crucial and the toughest
game of its most crucial sea
son, but Stanford students
haven't heard about it. In the
two-day sale 298 rooters' tick
ets were sold ,slightly more
than two weeks ago, but far
under the proper size of a
Stanford basketball rooting sec
tion.
2!)8 TICKETS SOLD
Stanford may be playing the
most crucial and the toughest
game of its most crucial sea
son, but Stanford students
haven't heard about it. In the
two-day sale 298 rooters' tick
ets were sold ,slightly more
than two weeks ago, but far
under the proper size of a
Stanford basketball rooting sec
tion.
2!)8 TICKETS SOLD
Stanford may be playing the
most crucial and the toughest
game of its most crucial sea
son, but Stanford students
haven't heard about it. In the
two-day sale 298 rooters' tick
ets were sold ,slightly more
than two weeks ago, but far
under the proper size of a
Stanford basketball rooting sec
tion.
2!)8 TICKETS SOLD
Stanford may be playing the
most crucial and the toughest
game of its most crucial sea
son, but Stanford students
haven't heard about it. In the
two-day sale 298 rooters' tick
ets were sold ,slightly more
than two weeks ago, but far
under the proper size of a
Stanford basketball rooting sec
tion.
2!)8 TICKETS SOLD
Stanford may be playing the
most crucial and the toughest
game of its most crucial sea
son, but Stanford students
haven't heard about it. In the
two-day sale 298 rooters' tick
ets were sold ,slightly more
than two weeks ago, but far
under the proper size of a
Stanford basketball rooting sec
tion.
2!)8 TICKETS SOLD
Stanford may be playing the
most crucial and the toughest
game of its most crucial sea
son, but Stanford students
haven't heard about it. In the
two-day sale 298 rooters' tick
ets were sold ,slightly more
than two weeks ago, but far
under the proper size of a
Stanford basketball rooting sec
tion.
2!)8 TICKETS SOLD
Stanford may be playing the
most crucial and the toughest
game of its most crucial sea
son, but Stanford students
haven't heard about it. In the
two-day sale 298 rooters' tick
ets were sold ,slightly more
than two weeks ago, but far
under the proper size of a
Stanford basketball rooting sec
tion.
2!)8 TICKETS SOLD
Stanford may be playing the
most crucial and the toughest
game of its most crucial sea
son, but Stanford students
haven't heard about it. In the
two-day sale 298 rooters' tick
ets were sold ,slightly more
than two weeks ago, but far
under the proper size of a
Stanford basketball rooting sec
tion.
2!)8 TICKETS SOLD
Stanford may be playing the
most crucial and the toughest
game of its most crucial sea
son, but Stanford students
haven't heard about it. In the
two-day sale 298 rooters' tick
ets were sold ,slightly more
than two weeks ago, but far
under the proper size of a
Stanford basketball rooting sec
tion.
2!)8 TICKETS SOLD
Stanford may be playing the
most crucial and the toughest
game of its most crucial sea
son, but Stanford students
haven't heard about it. In the
two-day sale 298 rooters' tick
ets were sold ,slightly more
than two weeks ago, but far
under the proper size of a
Stanford basketball rooting sec
tion.
2!)8 TICKETS SOLD
Stanford may be playing the
most crucial and the toughest
game of its most crucial sea
son, but Stanford students
haven't heard about it. In the
two-day sale 298 rooters' tick
ets were sold ,slightly more
than two weeks ago, but far
under the proper size of a
Stanford basketball rooting sec
tion.
2!)8 TICKETS SOLD
Stanford may be playing the
most crucial and the toughest
game of its most crucial sea
son, but Stanford students
haven't heard about it. In the
two-day sale 298 rooters' tick
ets were sold ,slightly more
than two weeks ago, but far
under the proper size of a
Stanford basketball rooting sec
tion.
