# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Student body cards will be
useless tonight at the San
Francisco Civic Auditorium.
Students must buy their tick
ets at one of the city ticket
agencies, or at the door if any
arc left. Balcony seats are 55
cents, others go up to $2.20.
Every event is in full view of
every seat.
Student body cards will be
useless tonight at the San
Francisco Civic Auditorium.
Students must buy their tick
ets at one of the city ticket
agencies, or at the door if any
arc left. Balcony seats are 55
cents, others go up to $2.20.
Every event is in full view of
every seat.
Student body cards will be
useless tonight at the San
Francisco Civic Auditorium.
Students must buy their tick
ets at one of the city ticket
agencies, or at the door if any
arc left. Balcony seats are 55
cents, others go up to $2.20.
Every event is in full view of
every seat.
Student body cards will be
useless tonight at the San
Francisco Civic Auditorium.
Students must buy their tick
ets at one of the city ticket
agencies, or at the door if any
arc left. Balcony seats are 55
cents, others go up to $2.20.
Every event is in full view of
every seat.
Student body cards will be
useless tonight at the San
Francisco Civic Auditorium.
Students must buy their tick
ets at one of the city ticket
agencies, or at the door if any
arc left. Balcony seats are 55
cents, others go up to $2.20.
Every event is in full view of
every seat.
Student body cards will be
useless tonight at the San
Francisco Civic Auditorium.
Students must buy their tick
ets at one of the city ticket
agencies, or at the door if any
arc left. Balcony seats are 55
cents, others go up to $2.20.
Every event is in full view of
every seat.
Student body cards will be
useless tonight at the San
Francisco Civic Auditorium.
Students must buy their tick
ets at one of the city ticket
agencies, or at the door if any
arc left. Balcony seats are 55
cents, others go up to $2.20.
Every event is in full view of
every seat.
Student body cards will be
useless tonight at the San
Francisco Civic Auditorium.
Students must buy their tick
ets at one of the city ticket
agencies, or at the door if any
arc left. Balcony seats are 55
cents, others go up to $2.20.
Every event is in full view of
every seat.
Student body cards will be
useless tonight at the San
Francisco Civic Auditorium.
Students must buy their tick
ets at one of the city ticket
agencies, or at the door if any
arc left. Balcony seats are 55
cents, others go up to $2.20.
Every event is in full view of
every seat.
Student body cards will be
useless tonight at the San
Francisco Civic Auditorium.
Students must buy their tick
ets at one of the city ticket
agencies, or at the door if any
arc left. Balcony seats are 55
cents, others go up to $2.20.
Every event is in full view of
every seat.
Student body cards will be
useless tonight at the San
Francisco Civic Auditorium.
Students must buy their tick
ets at one of the city ticket
agencies, or at the door if any
arc left. Balcony seats are 55
cents, others go up to $2.20.
Every event is in full view of
every seat.
Student body cards will be
useless tonight at the San
Francisco Civic Auditorium.
Students must buy their tick
ets at one of the city ticket
agencies, or at the door if any
arc left. Balcony seats are 55
cents, others go up to $2.20.
Every event is in full view of
every seat.
Student body cards will be
useless tonight at the San
Francisco Civic Auditorium.
Students must buy their tick
ets at one of the city ticket
agencies, or at the door if any
arc left. Balcony seats are 55
cents, others go up to $2.20.
Every event is in full view of
every seat.
Student body cards will be
useless tonight at the San
Francisco Civic Auditorium.
Students must buy their tick
ets at one of the city ticket
agencies, or at the door if any
arc left. Balcony seats are 55
cents, others go up to $2.20.
Every event is in full view of
every seat.
Student body cards will be
useless tonight at the San
Francisco Civic Auditorium.
Students must buy their tick
ets at one of the city ticket
agencies, or at the door if any
arc left. Balcony seats are 55
cents, others go up to $2.20.
Every event is in full view of
every seat.
Student body cards will be
useless tonight at the San
Francisco Civic Auditorium.
Students must buy their tick
ets at one of the city ticket
agencies, or at the door if any
arc left. Balcony seats are 55
cents, others go up to $2.20.
Every event is in full view of
every seat.
