# GRADUATES HONORED
## 
### 
Lee J. Devlin and Nicholas J.
Hoff, two Stanford graduates, were
recently elected fellows of the In
stitute of the Aeronautical Sciences.
Devlin received his Bachelor's de
gree in 1931 and his Engineer's de
gree in 1933. He is now chief de
signer and assistant chief engineer
at El Segundo division of Douglas
Aircraft Company.
Hoff, a mechanical engineering
graduate in 1942, is now head of the
department of aeronautical engi
neering and applied mechanics at
Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn.
Lee J. Devlin and Nicholas J.
Hoff, two Stanford graduates, were
recently elected fellows of the In
stitute of the Aeronautical Sciences.
Devlin received his Bachelor's de
gree in 1931 and his Engineer's de
gree in 1933. He is now chief de
signer and assistant chief engineer
at El Segundo division of Douglas
Aircraft Company.
Hoff, a mechanical engineering
graduate in 1942, is now head of the
department of aeronautical engi
neering and applied mechanics at
Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn.
Lee J. Devlin and Nicholas J.
Hoff, two Stanford graduates, were
recently elected fellows of the In
stitute of the Aeronautical Sciences.
Devlin received his Bachelor's de
gree in 1931 and his Engineer's de
gree in 1933. He is now chief de
signer and assistant chief engineer
at El Segundo division of Douglas
Aircraft Company.
Hoff, a mechanical engineering
graduate in 1942, is now head of the
department of aeronautical engi
neering and applied mechanics at
Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn.
Lee J. Devlin and Nicholas J.
Hoff, two Stanford graduates, were
recently elected fellows of the In
stitute of the Aeronautical Sciences.
Devlin received his Bachelor's de
gree in 1931 and his Engineer's de
gree in 1933. He is now chief de
signer and assistant chief engineer
at El Segundo division of Douglas
Aircraft Company.
Hoff, a mechanical engineering
graduate in 1942, is now head of the
department of aeronautical engi
neering and applied mechanics at
Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn.
Lee J. Devlin and Nicholas J.
Hoff, two Stanford graduates, were
recently elected fellows of the In
stitute of the Aeronautical Sciences.
Devlin received his Bachelor's de
gree in 1931 and his Engineer's de
gree in 1933. He is now chief de
signer and assistant chief engineer
at El Segundo division of Douglas
Aircraft Company.
Hoff, a mechanical engineering
graduate in 1942, is now head of the
department of aeronautical engi
neering and applied mechanics at
Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn.
Lee J. Devlin and Nicholas J.
Hoff, two Stanford graduates, were
recently elected fellows of the In
stitute of the Aeronautical Sciences.
Devlin received his Bachelor's de
gree in 1931 and his Engineer's de
gree in 1933. He is now chief de
signer and assistant chief engineer
at El Segundo division of Douglas
Aircraft Company.
Hoff, a mechanical engineering
graduate in 1942, is now head of the
department of aeronautical engi
neering and applied mechanics at
Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn.
Lee J. Devlin and Nicholas J.
Hoff, two Stanford graduates, were
recently elected fellows of the In
stitute of the Aeronautical Sciences.
Devlin received his Bachelor's de
gree in 1931 and his Engineer's de
gree in 1933. He is now chief de
signer and assistant chief engineer
at El Segundo division of Douglas
Aircraft Company.
Hoff, a mechanical engineering
graduate in 1942, is now head of the
department of aeronautical engi
neering and applied mechanics at
Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn.
Lee J. Devlin and Nicholas J.
Hoff, two Stanford graduates, were
recently elected fellows of the In
stitute of the Aeronautical Sciences.
Devlin received his Bachelor's de
gree in 1931 and his Engineer's de
gree in 1933. He is now chief de
signer and assistant chief engineer
at El Segundo division of Douglas
Aircraft Company.
Hoff, a mechanical engineering
graduate in 1942, is now head of the
department of aeronautical engi
neering and applied mechanics at
Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn.
Lee J. Devlin and Nicholas J.
Hoff, two Stanford graduates, were
recently elected fellows of the In
stitute of the Aeronautical Sciences.
Devlin received his Bachelor's de
gree in 1931 and his Engineer's de
gree in 1933. He is now chief de
signer and assistant chief engineer
at El Segundo division of Douglas
Aircraft Company.
Hoff, a mechanical engineering
graduate in 1942, is now head of the
department of aeronautical engi
neering and applied mechanics at
Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn.
Lee J. Devlin and Nicholas J.
Hoff, two Stanford graduates, were
recently elected fellows of the In
stitute of the Aeronautical Sciences.
Devlin received his Bachelor's de
gree in 1931 and his Engineer's de
gree in 1933. He is now chief de
signer and assistant chief engineer
at El Segundo division of Douglas
Aircraft Company.
Hoff, a mechanical engineering
graduate in 1942, is now head of the
department of aeronautical engi
neering and applied mechanics at
Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn.
Lee J. Devlin and Nicholas J.
Hoff, two Stanford graduates, were
recently elected fellows of the In
stitute of the Aeronautical Sciences.
Devlin received his Bachelor's de
gree in 1931 and his Engineer's de
gree in 1933. He is now chief de
signer and assistant chief engineer
at El Segundo division of Douglas
Aircraft Company.
Hoff, a mechanical engineering
graduate in 1942, is now head of the
department of aeronautical engi
neering and applied mechanics at
Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn.
Lee J. Devlin and Nicholas J.
Hoff, two Stanford graduates, were
recently elected fellows of the In
stitute of the Aeronautical Sciences.
Devlin received his Bachelor's de
gree in 1931 and his Engineer's de
gree in 1933. He is now chief de
signer and assistant chief engineer
at El Segundo division of Douglas
Aircraft Company.
Hoff, a mechanical engineering
graduate in 1942, is now head of the
department of aeronautical engi
neering and applied mechanics at
Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn.
Lee J. Devlin and Nicholas J.
Hoff, two Stanford graduates, were
recently elected fellows of the In
stitute of the Aeronautical Sciences.
Devlin received his Bachelor's de
gree in 1931 and his Engineer's de
gree in 1933. He is now chief de
signer and assistant chief engineer
at El Segundo division of Douglas
Aircraft Company.
Hoff, a mechanical engineering
graduate in 1942, is now head of the
department of aeronautical engi
neering and applied mechanics at
Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn.
Lee J. Devlin and Nicholas J.
Hoff, two Stanford graduates, were
recently elected fellows of the In
stitute of the Aeronautical Sciences.
Devlin received his Bachelor's de
gree in 1931 and his Engineer's de
gree in 1933. He is now chief de
signer and assistant chief engineer
at El Segundo division of Douglas
Aircraft Company.
Hoff, a mechanical engineering
graduate in 1942, is now head of the
department of aeronautical engi
neering and applied mechanics at
Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn.
Lee J. Devlin and Nicholas J.
Hoff, two Stanford graduates, were
recently elected fellows of the In
stitute of the Aeronautical Sciences.
Devlin received his Bachelor's de
gree in 1931 and his Engineer's de
gree in 1933. He is now chief de
signer and assistant chief engineer
at El Segundo division of Douglas
Aircraft Company.
Hoff, a mechanical engineering
graduate in 1942, is now head of the
department of aeronautical engi
neering and applied mechanics at
Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn.
Lee J. Devlin and Nicholas J.
Hoff, two Stanford graduates, were
recently elected fellows of the In
stitute of the Aeronautical Sciences.
Devlin received his Bachelor's de
gree in 1931 and his Engineer's de
gree in 1933. He is now chief de
signer and assistant chief engineer
at El Segundo division of Douglas
Aircraft Company.
Hoff, a mechanical engineering
graduate in 1942, is now head of the
department of aeronautical engi
neering and applied mechanics at
Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn.
