# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Tiik plan of publishing an en
gineering journal is being agitated
by the Electrical Engineering Club,
and measures have been taken to
ascertain the feasibility and ad

visa hi 1i ty of founding such ;i jour
nal at Stanford. Several of the
eastern college* publish such mag
azines, devoted to the interests of
engineering students, and tnere
seems to he no sufficient reason or
obstacle to prevent the establish
ment of such a journal at Stanford.
The effort is receiving the earnest
co-operation of the faculty of the
departments interested, and if the
students take hold of the enterprise
with the same spirit and willing
ness, a new contribution to Stan
ford's periodicals will undoubtedly
result. The journal would be a
success in a scientific aspect with
out a doubt. If it receives proper
support, financial difficulties can
be easily overcome.
