# SCHOLARSHIP HONORS
## 
### 
Scholarship honors have been
conferred upon John Francis Ben
nett, Margaret Eleanor Deering.
and Charles Albert Reynolds of
Palo Alto and Margaret Constance
Morgan of Stanford University for
completing Lower Division re
quirements in the upper 10 per
cent of the class. A total of 52
students were granted the Lower
Division Honors for 1943-43 upon
recommendation of the Committee
on Scholarship.
Scholarship honors have been
conferred upon John Francis Ben
nett, Margaret Eleanor Deering.
and Charles Albert Reynolds of
Palo Alto and Margaret Constance
Morgan of Stanford University for
completing Lower Division re
quirements in the upper 10 per
cent of the class. A total of 52
students were granted the Lower
Division Honors for 1943-43 upon
recommendation of the Committee
on Scholarship.
Scholarship honors have been
conferred upon John Francis Ben
nett, Margaret Eleanor Deering.
and Charles Albert Reynolds of
Palo Alto and Margaret Constance
Morgan of Stanford University for
completing Lower Division re
quirements in the upper 10 per
cent of the class. A total of 52
students were granted the Lower
Division Honors for 1943-43 upon
recommendation of the Committee
on Scholarship.
Scholarship honors have been
conferred upon John Francis Ben
nett, Margaret Eleanor Deering.
and Charles Albert Reynolds of
Palo Alto and Margaret Constance
Morgan of Stanford University for
completing Lower Division re
quirements in the upper 10 per
cent of the class. A total of 52
students were granted the Lower
Division Honors for 1943-43 upon
recommendation of the Committee
on Scholarship.
Scholarship honors have been
conferred upon John Francis Ben
nett, Margaret Eleanor Deering.
and Charles Albert Reynolds of
Palo Alto and Margaret Constance
Morgan of Stanford University for
completing Lower Division re
quirements in the upper 10 per
cent of the class. A total of 52
students were granted the Lower
Division Honors for 1943-43 upon
recommendation of the Committee
on Scholarship.
Scholarship honors have been
conferred upon John Francis Ben
nett, Margaret Eleanor Deering.
and Charles Albert Reynolds of
Palo Alto and Margaret Constance
Morgan of Stanford University for
completing Lower Division re
quirements in the upper 10 per
cent of the class. A total of 52
students were granted the Lower
Division Honors for 1943-43 upon
recommendation of the Committee
on Scholarship.
Scholarship honors have been
conferred upon John Francis Ben
nett, Margaret Eleanor Deering.
and Charles Albert Reynolds of
Palo Alto and Margaret Constance
Morgan of Stanford University for
completing Lower Division re
quirements in the upper 10 per
cent of the class. A total of 52
students were granted the Lower
Division Honors for 1943-43 upon
recommendation of the Committee
on Scholarship.
Scholarship honors have been
conferred upon John Francis Ben
nett, Margaret Eleanor Deering.
and Charles Albert Reynolds of
Palo Alto and Margaret Constance
Morgan of Stanford University for
completing Lower Division re
quirements in the upper 10 per
cent of the class. A total of 52
students were granted the Lower
Division Honors for 1943-43 upon
recommendation of the Committee
on Scholarship.
Scholarship honors have been
conferred upon John Francis Ben
nett, Margaret Eleanor Deering.
and Charles Albert Reynolds of
Palo Alto and Margaret Constance
Morgan of Stanford University for
completing Lower Division re
quirements in the upper 10 per
cent of the class. A total of 52
students were granted the Lower
Division Honors for 1943-43 upon
recommendation of the Committee
on Scholarship.
Scholarship honors have been
conferred upon John Francis Ben
nett, Margaret Eleanor Deering.
and Charles Albert Reynolds of
Palo Alto and Margaret Constance
Morgan of Stanford University for
completing Lower Division re
quirements in the upper 10 per
cent of the class. A total of 52
students were granted the Lower
Division Honors for 1943-43 upon
recommendation of the Committee
on Scholarship.
Scholarship honors have been
conferred upon John Francis Ben
nett, Margaret Eleanor Deering.
and Charles Albert Reynolds of
Palo Alto and Margaret Constance
Morgan of Stanford University for
completing Lower Division re
quirements in the upper 10 per
cent of the class. A total of 52
students were granted the Lower
Division Honors for 1943-43 upon
recommendation of the Committee
on Scholarship.
Scholarship honors have been
conferred upon John Francis Ben
nett, Margaret Eleanor Deering.
and Charles Albert Reynolds of
Palo Alto and Margaret Constance
Morgan of Stanford University for
completing Lower Division re
quirements in the upper 10 per
cent of the class. A total of 52
students were granted the Lower
Division Honors for 1943-43 upon
recommendation of the Committee
on Scholarship.
Scholarship honors have been
conferred upon John Francis Ben
nett, Margaret Eleanor Deering.
and Charles Albert Reynolds of
Palo Alto and Margaret Constance
Morgan of Stanford University for
completing Lower Division re
quirements in the upper 10 per
cent of the class. A total of 52
students were granted the Lower
Division Honors for 1943-43 upon
recommendation of the Committee
on Scholarship.
Scholarship honors have been
conferred upon John Francis Ben
nett, Margaret Eleanor Deering.
and Charles Albert Reynolds of
Palo Alto and Margaret Constance
Morgan of Stanford University for
completing Lower Division re
quirements in the upper 10 per
cent of the class. A total of 52
students were granted the Lower
Division Honors for 1943-43 upon
recommendation of the Committee
on Scholarship.
Scholarship honors have been
conferred upon John Francis Ben
nett, Margaret Eleanor Deering.
and Charles Albert Reynolds of
Palo Alto and Margaret Constance
Morgan of Stanford University for
completing Lower Division re
quirements in the upper 10 per
cent of the class. A total of 52
students were granted the Lower
Division Honors for 1943-43 upon
recommendation of the Committee
on Scholarship.
Scholarship honors have been
conferred upon John Francis Ben
nett, Margaret Eleanor Deering.
and Charles Albert Reynolds of
Palo Alto and Margaret Constance
Morgan of Stanford University for
completing Lower Division re
quirements in the upper 10 per
cent of the class. A total of 52
students were granted the Lower
Division Honors for 1943-43 upon
recommendation of the Committee
on Scholarship.
Scholarship honors have been
conferred upon John Francis Ben
nett, Margaret Eleanor Deering.
and Charles Albert Reynolds of
Palo Alto and Margaret Constance
Morgan of Stanford University for
completing Lower Division re
quirements in the upper 10 per
cent of the class. A total of 52
students were granted the Lower
Division Honors for 1943-43 upon
recommendation of the Committee
on Scholarship.
