# New Hall Numbers, Addresses Announced
## 
### 
Due to the use of several of the
men's living groups by Army stu
dents and officers and the con
fusion aroused by the change in
names of the halls from Greek fra
ternity letters to the names of the
Presidents from Washington to
Theodore Roosevelt, The Daily is
printing the new list ol telephone
numbers and addresses in the col
umns to the right.
Due to the use of several of the
men's living groups by Army stu
dents and officers and the con
fusion aroused by the change in
names of the halls from Greek fra
ternity letters to the names of the
Presidents from Washington to
Theodore Roosevelt, The Daily is
printing the new list ol telephone
numbers and addresses in the col
umns to the right.
Due to the use of several of the
men's living groups by Army stu
dents and officers and the con
fusion aroused by the change in
names of the halls from Greek fra
ternity letters to the names of the
Presidents from Washington to
Theodore Roosevelt, The Daily is
printing the new list ol telephone
numbers and addresses in the col
umns to the right.
Due to the use of several of the
men's living groups by Army stu
dents and officers and the con
fusion aroused by the change in
names of the halls from Greek fra
ternity letters to the names of the
Presidents from Washington to
Theodore Roosevelt, The Daily is
printing the new list ol telephone
numbers and addresses in the col
umns to the right.
Due to the use of several of the
men's living groups by Army stu
dents and officers and the con
fusion aroused by the change in
names of the halls from Greek fra
ternity letters to the names of the
Presidents from Washington to
Theodore Roosevelt, The Daily is
printing the new list ol telephone
numbers and addresses in the col
umns to the right.
Due to the use of several of the
men's living groups by Army stu
dents and officers and the con
fusion aroused by the change in
names of the halls from Greek fra
ternity letters to the names of the
Presidents from Washington to
Theodore Roosevelt, The Daily is
printing the new list ol telephone
numbers and addresses in the col
umns to the right.
Due to the use of several of the
men's living groups by Army stu
dents and officers and the con
fusion aroused by the change in
names of the halls from Greek fra
ternity letters to the names of the
Presidents from Washington to
Theodore Roosevelt, The Daily is
printing the new list ol telephone
numbers and addresses in the col
umns to the right.
Due to the use of several of the
men's living groups by Army stu
dents and officers and the con
fusion aroused by the change in
names of the halls from Greek fra
ternity letters to the names of the
Presidents from Washington to
Theodore Roosevelt, The Daily is
printing the new list ol telephone
numbers and addresses in the col
umns to the right.
Due to the use of several of the
men's living groups by Army stu
dents and officers and the con
fusion aroused by the change in
names of the halls from Greek fra
ternity letters to the names of the
Presidents from Washington to
Theodore Roosevelt, The Daily is
printing the new list ol telephone
numbers and addresses in the col
umns to the right.
Due to the use of several of the
men's living groups by Army stu
dents and officers and the con
fusion aroused by the change in
names of the halls from Greek fra
ternity letters to the names of the
Presidents from Washington to
Theodore Roosevelt, The Daily is
printing the new list ol telephone
numbers and addresses in the col
umns to the right.
Due to the use of several of the
men's living groups by Army stu
dents and officers and the con
fusion aroused by the change in
names of the halls from Greek fra
ternity letters to the names of the
Presidents from Washington to
Theodore Roosevelt, The Daily is
printing the new list ol telephone
numbers and addresses in the col
umns to the right.
Due to the use of several of the
men's living groups by Army stu
dents and officers and the con
fusion aroused by the change in
names of the halls from Greek fra
ternity letters to the names of the
Presidents from Washington to
Theodore Roosevelt, The Daily is
printing the new list ol telephone
numbers and addresses in the col
umns to the right.
Due to the use of several of the
men's living groups by Army stu
dents and officers and the con
fusion aroused by the change in
names of the halls from Greek fra
ternity letters to the names of the
Presidents from Washington to
Theodore Roosevelt, The Daily is
printing the new list ol telephone
numbers and addresses in the col
umns to the right.
Due to the use of several of the
men's living groups by Army stu
dents and officers and the con
fusion aroused by the change in
names of the halls from Greek fra
ternity letters to the names of the
Presidents from Washington to
Theodore Roosevelt, The Daily is
printing the new list ol telephone
numbers and addresses in the col
umns to the right.
Due to the use of several of the
men's living groups by Army stu
dents and officers and the con
fusion aroused by the change in
names of the halls from Greek fra
ternity letters to the names of the
Presidents from Washington to
Theodore Roosevelt, The Daily is
printing the new list ol telephone
numbers and addresses in the col
umns to the right.
Due to the use of several of the
men's living groups by Army stu
dents and officers and the con
fusion aroused by the change in
names of the halls from Greek fra
ternity letters to the names of the
Presidents from Washington to
Theodore Roosevelt, The Daily is
printing the new list ol telephone
numbers and addresses in the col
umns to the right.
Due to the use of several of the
men's living groups by Army stu
dents and officers and the con
fusion aroused by the change in
names of the halls from Greek fra
ternity letters to the names of the
Presidents from Washington to
Theodore Roosevelt, The Daily is
printing the new list ol telephone
numbers and addresses in the col
umns to the right.
