# Untitled Article
## 
### 

A drive by the Women's Army Corps to recruit a unit composed en
tirely of Chinese riris for the Army Air Forces is getting under way,
centering in San Francisco area. Shown placing a WAC recruiting
poster outside the Cathay Post headquarters of American Legion are
Captain Betty J. Cooke and JLcland G. Kimlau.

A drive by the Women's Army Corps to recruit a unit composed en
tirely of Chinese riris for the Army Air Forces is getting under way,
centering in San Francisco area. Shown placing a WAC recruiting
poster outside the Cathay Post headquarters of American Legion are
Captain Betty J. Cooke and JLcland G. Kimlau.

A drive by the Women's Army Corps to recruit a unit composed en
tirely of Chinese riris for the Army Air Forces is getting under way,
centering in San Francisco area. Shown placing a WAC recruiting
poster outside the Cathay Post headquarters of American Legion are
Captain Betty J. Cooke and JLcland G. Kimlau.

A drive by the Women's Army Corps to recruit a unit composed en
tirely of Chinese riris for the Army Air Forces is getting under way,
centering in San Francisco area. Shown placing a WAC recruiting
poster outside the Cathay Post headquarters of American Legion are
Captain Betty J. Cooke and JLcland G. Kimlau.

A drive by the Women's Army Corps to recruit a unit composed en
tirely of Chinese riris for the Army Air Forces is getting under way,
centering in San Francisco area. Shown placing a WAC recruiting
poster outside the Cathay Post headquarters of American Legion are
Captain Betty J. Cooke and JLcland G. Kimlau.

A drive by the Women's Army Corps to recruit a unit composed en
tirely of Chinese riris for the Army Air Forces is getting under way,
centering in San Francisco area. Shown placing a WAC recruiting
poster outside the Cathay Post headquarters of American Legion are
Captain Betty J. Cooke and JLcland G. Kimlau.

A drive by the Women's Army Corps to recruit a unit composed en
tirely of Chinese riris for the Army Air Forces is getting under way,
centering in San Francisco area. Shown placing a WAC recruiting
poster outside the Cathay Post headquarters of American Legion are
Captain Betty J. Cooke and JLcland G. Kimlau.

A drive by the Women's Army Corps to recruit a unit composed en
tirely of Chinese riris for the Army Air Forces is getting under way,
centering in San Francisco area. Shown placing a WAC recruiting
poster outside the Cathay Post headquarters of American Legion are
Captain Betty J. Cooke and JLcland G. Kimlau.

A drive by the Women's Army Corps to recruit a unit composed en
tirely of Chinese riris for the Army Air Forces is getting under way,
centering in San Francisco area. Shown placing a WAC recruiting
poster outside the Cathay Post headquarters of American Legion are
Captain Betty J. Cooke and JLcland G. Kimlau.

A drive by the Women's Army Corps to recruit a unit composed en
tirely of Chinese riris for the Army Air Forces is getting under way,
centering in San Francisco area. Shown placing a WAC recruiting
poster outside the Cathay Post headquarters of American Legion are
Captain Betty J. Cooke and JLcland G. Kimlau.

A drive by the Women's Army Corps to recruit a unit composed en
tirely of Chinese riris for the Army Air Forces is getting under way,
centering in San Francisco area. Shown placing a WAC recruiting
poster outside the Cathay Post headquarters of American Legion are
Captain Betty J. Cooke and JLcland G. Kimlau.

A drive by the Women's Army Corps to recruit a unit composed en
tirely of Chinese riris for the Army Air Forces is getting under way,
centering in San Francisco area. Shown placing a WAC recruiting
poster outside the Cathay Post headquarters of American Legion are
Captain Betty J. Cooke and JLcland G. Kimlau.

A drive by the Women's Army Corps to recruit a unit composed en
tirely of Chinese riris for the Army Air Forces is getting under way,
centering in San Francisco area. Shown placing a WAC recruiting
poster outside the Cathay Post headquarters of American Legion are
Captain Betty J. Cooke and JLcland G. Kimlau.

A drive by the Women's Army Corps to recruit a unit composed en
tirely of Chinese riris for the Army Air Forces is getting under way,
centering in San Francisco area. Shown placing a WAC recruiting
poster outside the Cathay Post headquarters of American Legion are
Captain Betty J. Cooke and JLcland G. Kimlau.

A drive by the Women's Army Corps to recruit a unit composed en
tirely of Chinese riris for the Army Air Forces is getting under way,
centering in San Francisco area. Shown placing a WAC recruiting
poster outside the Cathay Post headquarters of American Legion are
Captain Betty J. Cooke and JLcland G. Kimlau.

A drive by the Women's Army Corps to recruit a unit composed en
tirely of Chinese riris for the Army Air Forces is getting under way,
centering in San Francisco area. Shown placing a WAC recruiting
poster outside the Cathay Post headquarters of American Legion are
Captain Betty J. Cooke and JLcland G. Kimlau.

A drive by the Women's Army Corps to recruit a unit composed en
tirely of Chinese riris for the Army Air Forces is getting under way,
centering in San Francisco area. Shown placing a WAC recruiting
poster outside the Cathay Post headquarters of American Legion are
Captain Betty J. Cooke and JLcland G. Kimlau.
