# University Grade Ratios Announced
## 
### 
Leading the list of University un
dergraduate student groups in the
ratio of grade points to registered
units for the year 1942-43 is the
Theta Delta Chi fraternity with an
average ratio of 2.86, it was an
nounced recently. The ratio of the
entire University is 2.55.
Other organization group leaders
are: University residence clubs—La
gunita 2.76, Elm 2.71; sororities—
Gamma Phi Beta 2.84, Alpha Omi
cron Pi 2.75; men's eating clubs—
El Tigre 2.73 A, Breakers 2.68, fra
ternities —Alpha Kappa Lambda 2.70;
men's residence clubs — Walter
Thompson Co-op 2.69, Toy on, 2.62.
Klahoya Club had a ratio of 2.83,
while the non-organization students
averaged 2.70.
