# W.C.T.U. Reception.
## 
### 
The members of the Women's
Christian Temperance Union will
hold an informal reception at the
residence of Mrs. Sloan on Waverly
street, l'alo Alto, Thursday after
noon, October 6th, from 3 to 6
o'clock. A silver offering will be
received. Invitation to attend ie
extended to all.
The members of the Women's
Christian Temperance Union will
hold an informal reception at the
residence of Mrs. Sloan on Waverly
street, l'alo Alto, Thursday after
noon, October 6th, from 3 to 6
o'clock. A silver offering will be
received. Invitation to attend ie
extended to all.
The members of the Women's
Christian Temperance Union will
hold an informal reception at the
residence of Mrs. Sloan on Waverly
street, l'alo Alto, Thursday after
noon, October 6th, from 3 to 6
o'clock. A silver offering will be
received. Invitation to attend ie
extended to all.
The members of the Women's
Christian Temperance Union will
hold an informal reception at the
residence of Mrs. Sloan on Waverly
street, l'alo Alto, Thursday after
noon, October 6th, from 3 to 6
o'clock. A silver offering will be
received. Invitation to attend ie
extended to all.
The members of the Women's
Christian Temperance Union will
hold an informal reception at the
residence of Mrs. Sloan on Waverly
street, l'alo Alto, Thursday after
noon, October 6th, from 3 to 6
o'clock. A silver offering will be
received. Invitation to attend ie
extended to all.
The members of the Women's
Christian Temperance Union will
hold an informal reception at the
residence of Mrs. Sloan on Waverly
street, l'alo Alto, Thursday after
noon, October 6th, from 3 to 6
o'clock. A silver offering will be
received. Invitation to attend ie
extended to all.
The members of the Women's
Christian Temperance Union will
hold an informal reception at the
residence of Mrs. Sloan on Waverly
street, l'alo Alto, Thursday after
noon, October 6th, from 3 to 6
o'clock. A silver offering will be
received. Invitation to attend ie
extended to all.
The members of the Women's
Christian Temperance Union will
hold an informal reception at the
residence of Mrs. Sloan on Waverly
street, l'alo Alto, Thursday after
noon, October 6th, from 3 to 6
o'clock. A silver offering will be
received. Invitation to attend ie
extended to all.
