# Accident at Gymnasium Building.
## 
### 
What for a time seemed to be a
serious accident occurred at the
new Gymnasium building last Fri
day. One of the large steel girders
which are to support the roof
swung loose and played havoc with
surrounding obstructions. The
walls at each end of the building
were pushed in and only the enor
mous steel columns supporting the
brick prevented their entire destruc
tion. The girder itself was so
badly wrecked and twisted that it
must be removed and straightened
before it can be used. The accident
was due to the carelessness of some
new workmen, who failed to place
proper supports under the girder
while the fastenings at the ends
were being made. Luckily the
accident will in no way hinder the
progress of the building, since the
tin and stone workers are far be
hind in their work. Notwithstand
ing this temporary hindrance the
contractors who have in charge the
construction of the framework ex
pect to finish this work in reason
able time for the tin and stone
workers to begin.
What for a time seemed to be a
serious accident occurred at the
new Gymnasium building last Fri
day. One of the large steel girders
which are to support the roof
swung loose and played havoc with
surrounding obstructions. The
walls at each end of the building
were pushed in and only the enor
mous steel columns supporting the
brick prevented their entire destruc
tion. The girder itself was so
badly wrecked and twisted that it
must be removed and straightened
before it can be used. The accident
was due to the carelessness of some
new workmen, who failed to place
proper supports under the girder
while the fastenings at the ends
were being made. Luckily the
accident will in no way hinder the
progress of the building, since the
tin and stone workers are far be
hind in their work. Notwithstand
ing this temporary hindrance the
contractors who have in charge the
construction of the framework ex
pect to finish this work in reason
able time for the tin and stone
workers to begin.
What for a time seemed to be a
serious accident occurred at the
new Gymnasium building last Fri
day. One of the large steel girders
which are to support the roof
swung loose and played havoc with
surrounding obstructions. The
walls at each end of the building
were pushed in and only the enor
mous steel columns supporting the
brick prevented their entire destruc
tion. The girder itself was so
badly wrecked and twisted that it
must be removed and straightened
before it can be used. The accident
was due to the carelessness of some
new workmen, who failed to place
proper supports under the girder
while the fastenings at the ends
were being made. Luckily the
accident will in no way hinder the
progress of the building, since the
tin and stone workers are far be
hind in their work. Notwithstand
ing this temporary hindrance the
contractors who have in charge the
construction of the framework ex
pect to finish this work in reason
able time for the tin and stone
workers to begin.
What for a time seemed to be a
serious accident occurred at the
new Gymnasium building last Fri
day. One of the large steel girders
which are to support the roof
swung loose and played havoc with
surrounding obstructions. The
walls at each end of the building
were pushed in and only the enor
mous steel columns supporting the
brick prevented their entire destruc
tion. The girder itself was so
badly wrecked and twisted that it
must be removed and straightened
before it can be used. The accident
was due to the carelessness of some
new workmen, who failed to place
proper supports under the girder
while the fastenings at the ends
were being made. Luckily the
accident will in no way hinder the
progress of the building, since the
tin and stone workers are far be
hind in their work. Notwithstand
ing this temporary hindrance the
contractors who have in charge the
construction of the framework ex
pect to finish this work in reason
able time for the tin and stone
workers to begin.
What for a time seemed to be a
serious accident occurred at the
new Gymnasium building last Fri
day. One of the large steel girders
which are to support the roof
swung loose and played havoc with
surrounding obstructions. The
walls at each end of the building
were pushed in and only the enor
mous steel columns supporting the
brick prevented their entire destruc
tion. The girder itself was so
badly wrecked and twisted that it
must be removed and straightened
before it can be used. The accident
was due to the carelessness of some
new workmen, who failed to place
proper supports under the girder
while the fastenings at the ends
were being made. Luckily the
accident will in no way hinder the
progress of the building, since the
tin and stone workers are far be
hind in their work. Notwithstand
ing this temporary hindrance the
contractors who have in charge the
construction of the framework ex
pect to finish this work in reason
able time for the tin and stone
workers to begin.
What for a time seemed to be a
serious accident occurred at the
new Gymnasium building last Fri
day. One of the large steel girders
which are to support the roof
swung loose and played havoc with
surrounding obstructions. The
walls at each end of the building
were pushed in and only the enor
mous steel columns supporting the
brick prevented their entire destruc
tion. The girder itself was so
badly wrecked and twisted that it
must be removed and straightened
before it can be used. The accident
was due to the carelessness of some
new workmen, who failed to place
proper supports under the girder
while the fastenings at the ends
were being made. Luckily the
accident will in no way hinder the
progress of the building, since the
tin and stone workers are far be
hind in their work. Notwithstand
ing this temporary hindrance the
contractors who have in charge the
construction of the framework ex
pect to finish this work in reason
able time for the tin and stone
workers to begin.
What for a time seemed to be a
serious accident occurred at the
new Gymnasium building last Fri
day. One of the large steel girders
which are to support the roof
swung loose and played havoc with
surrounding obstructions. The
walls at each end of the building
were pushed in and only the enor
mous steel columns supporting the
brick prevented their entire destruc
tion. The girder itself was so
badly wrecked and twisted that it
must be removed and straightened
before it can be used. The accident
was due to the carelessness of some
new workmen, who failed to place
proper supports under the girder
while the fastenings at the ends
were being made. Luckily the
accident will in no way hinder the
progress of the building, since the
tin and stone workers are far be
hind in their work. Notwithstand
ing this temporary hindrance the
contractors who have in charge the
construction of the framework ex
pect to finish this work in reason
able time for the tin and stone
workers to begin.
What for a time seemed to be a
serious accident occurred at the
new Gymnasium building last Fri
day. One of the large steel girders
which are to support the roof
swung loose and played havoc with
surrounding obstructions. The
walls at each end of the building
were pushed in and only the enor
mous steel columns supporting the
brick prevented their entire destruc
tion. The girder itself was so
badly wrecked and twisted that it
must be removed and straightened
before it can be used. The accident
was due to the carelessness of some
new workmen, who failed to place
proper supports under the girder
while the fastenings at the ends
were being made. Luckily the
accident will in no way hinder the
progress of the building, since the
tin and stone workers are far be
hind in their work. Notwithstand
ing this temporary hindrance the
contractors who have in charge the
construction of the framework ex
pect to finish this work in reason
able time for the tin and stone
workers to begin.
