# School of Law Offers New Course.
## 
### 
The faculty of the Law School has
been fortunate in securing the serv
ices of the Hon. M. J. Green to de
liver a course of five lectures upon
"Practice in the Bankruptcy Courts.'
Judge Green is at present Referee in
Bankruptcy in San Francisco and is
well known for his exhaustive knowl
edge of bankruptcy proceedings and
the law dealing with that subject.
This course will be preceded by a
study of the revision of the National
Bankruptcy Act, under the direction
of Professor Woodward. The first
lecture along this line will not com
mence until the latter part of Febru
ary, and the course is only open to
graduate students.
The faculty of the Law School has
been fortunate in securing the serv
ices of the Hon. M. J. Green to de
liver a course of five lectures upon
"Practice in the Bankruptcy Courts.'
Judge Green is at present Referee in
Bankruptcy in San Francisco and is
well known for his exhaustive knowl
edge of bankruptcy proceedings and
the law dealing with that subject.
This course will be preceded by a
study of the revision of the National
Bankruptcy Act, under the direction
of Professor Woodward. The first
lecture along this line will not com
mence until the latter part of Febru
ary, and the course is only open to
graduate students.
The faculty of the Law School has
been fortunate in securing the serv
ices of the Hon. M. J. Green to de
liver a course of five lectures upon
"Practice in the Bankruptcy Courts.'
Judge Green is at present Referee in
Bankruptcy in San Francisco and is
well known for his exhaustive knowl
edge of bankruptcy proceedings and
the law dealing with that subject.
This course will be preceded by a
study of the revision of the National
Bankruptcy Act, under the direction
of Professor Woodward. The first
lecture along this line will not com
mence until the latter part of Febru
ary, and the course is only open to
graduate students.
The faculty of the Law School has
been fortunate in securing the serv
ices of the Hon. M. J. Green to de
liver a course of five lectures upon
"Practice in the Bankruptcy Courts.'
Judge Green is at present Referee in
Bankruptcy in San Francisco and is
well known for his exhaustive knowl
edge of bankruptcy proceedings and
the law dealing with that subject.
This course will be preceded by a
study of the revision of the National
Bankruptcy Act, under the direction
of Professor Woodward. The first
lecture along this line will not com
mence until the latter part of Febru
ary, and the course is only open to
graduate students.
The faculty of the Law School has
been fortunate in securing the serv
ices of the Hon. M. J. Green to de
liver a course of five lectures upon
"Practice in the Bankruptcy Courts.'
Judge Green is at present Referee in
Bankruptcy in San Francisco and is
well known for his exhaustive knowl
edge of bankruptcy proceedings and
the law dealing with that subject.
This course will be preceded by a
study of the revision of the National
Bankruptcy Act, under the direction
of Professor Woodward. The first
lecture along this line will not com
mence until the latter part of Febru
ary, and the course is only open to
graduate students.
The faculty of the Law School has
been fortunate in securing the serv
ices of the Hon. M. J. Green to de
liver a course of five lectures upon
"Practice in the Bankruptcy Courts.'
Judge Green is at present Referee in
Bankruptcy in San Francisco and is
well known for his exhaustive knowl
edge of bankruptcy proceedings and
the law dealing with that subject.
This course will be preceded by a
study of the revision of the National
Bankruptcy Act, under the direction
of Professor Woodward. The first
lecture along this line will not com
mence until the latter part of Febru
ary, and the course is only open to
graduate students.
The faculty of the Law School has
been fortunate in securing the serv
ices of the Hon. M. J. Green to de
liver a course of five lectures upon
"Practice in the Bankruptcy Courts.'
Judge Green is at present Referee in
Bankruptcy in San Francisco and is
well known for his exhaustive knowl
edge of bankruptcy proceedings and
the law dealing with that subject.
This course will be preceded by a
study of the revision of the National
Bankruptcy Act, under the direction
of Professor Woodward. The first
lecture along this line will not com
mence until the latter part of Febru
ary, and the course is only open to
graduate students.
The faculty of the Law School has
been fortunate in securing the serv
ices of the Hon. M. J. Green to de
liver a course of five lectures upon
"Practice in the Bankruptcy Courts.'
Judge Green is at present Referee in
Bankruptcy in San Francisco and is
well known for his exhaustive knowl
edge of bankruptcy proceedings and
the law dealing with that subject.
This course will be preceded by a
study of the revision of the National
Bankruptcy Act, under the direction
of Professor Woodward. The first
lecture along this line will not com
mence until the latter part of Febru
ary, and the course is only open to
graduate students.
The faculty of the Law School has
been fortunate in securing the serv
ices of the Hon. M. J. Green to de
liver a course of five lectures upon
"Practice in the Bankruptcy Courts.'
Judge Green is at present Referee in
Bankruptcy in San Francisco and is
well known for his exhaustive knowl
edge of bankruptcy proceedings and
the law dealing with that subject.
This course will be preceded by a
study of the revision of the National
Bankruptcy Act, under the direction
of Professor Woodward. The first
lecture along this line will not com
mence until the latter part of Febru
ary, and the course is only open to
graduate students.
The faculty of the Law School has
been fortunate in securing the serv
ices of the Hon. M. J. Green to de
liver a course of five lectures upon
"Practice in the Bankruptcy Courts.'
Judge Green is at present Referee in
Bankruptcy in San Francisco and is
well known for his exhaustive knowl
edge of bankruptcy proceedings and
the law dealing with that subject.
This course will be preceded by a
study of the revision of the National
Bankruptcy Act, under the direction
of Professor Woodward. The first
lecture along this line will not com
mence until the latter part of Febru
ary, and the course is only open to
graduate students.
