# Well-known Stanford People to Wed.
## 
### 
The engagement has been an
nounced of Miss Laura Wells, Stan
ford, ex-'O9, and W. H. B. Fowler, '0(5.
Miss Wells is a daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Charles 15. Wells of Wailuku,
Maui, Hawaii, and is now in the East
with her parents, who are about to
leave on a long European trip. The
marriage will occur at Bethlehem, Pa.,
on February 17. Miss Wells is a for
mer president of the English Club
at. Stanford, and was one of the joint
authors of a book of Stanford stories
She is a member of the Alpha Phi so
rority. Fowler, who was educated at
St. Paul's School, London, and at Stan
ford University, was an editor of the
Daily Palo Alto and founder of the
Stanford University interscholastic
athletic meet. For several years he
has been the Coast, editor of the San
Francisco Chronicle, and also auto
mobile editor.
The engagement has been an
nounced of Miss Laura Wells, Stan
ford, ex-'O9, and W. H. B. Fowler, '0(5.
Miss Wells is a daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Charles 15. Wells of Wailuku,
Maui, Hawaii, and is now in the East
with her parents, who are about to
leave on a long European trip. The
marriage will occur at Bethlehem, Pa.,
on February 17. Miss Wells is a for
mer president of the English Club
at. Stanford, and was one of the joint
authors of a book of Stanford stories
She is a member of the Alpha Phi so
rority. Fowler, who was educated at
St. Paul's School, London, and at Stan
ford University, was an editor of the
Daily Palo Alto and founder of the
Stanford University interscholastic
athletic meet. For several years he
has been the Coast, editor of the San
Francisco Chronicle, and also auto
mobile editor.
The engagement has been an
nounced of Miss Laura Wells, Stan
ford, ex-'O9, and W. H. B. Fowler, '0(5.
Miss Wells is a daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Charles 15. Wells of Wailuku,
Maui, Hawaii, and is now in the East
with her parents, who are about to
leave on a long European trip. The
marriage will occur at Bethlehem, Pa.,
on February 17. Miss Wells is a for
mer president of the English Club
at. Stanford, and was one of the joint
authors of a book of Stanford stories
She is a member of the Alpha Phi so
rority. Fowler, who was educated at
St. Paul's School, London, and at Stan
ford University, was an editor of the
Daily Palo Alto and founder of the
Stanford University interscholastic
athletic meet. For several years he
has been the Coast, editor of the San
Francisco Chronicle, and also auto
mobile editor.
The engagement has been an
nounced of Miss Laura Wells, Stan
ford, ex-'O9, and W. H. B. Fowler, '0(5.
Miss Wells is a daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Charles 15. Wells of Wailuku,
Maui, Hawaii, and is now in the East
with her parents, who are about to
leave on a long European trip. The
marriage will occur at Bethlehem, Pa.,
on February 17. Miss Wells is a for
mer president of the English Club
at. Stanford, and was one of the joint
authors of a book of Stanford stories
She is a member of the Alpha Phi so
rority. Fowler, who was educated at
St. Paul's School, London, and at Stan
ford University, was an editor of the
Daily Palo Alto and founder of the
Stanford University interscholastic
athletic meet. For several years he
has been the Coast, editor of the San
Francisco Chronicle, and also auto
mobile editor.
The engagement has been an
nounced of Miss Laura Wells, Stan
ford, ex-'O9, and W. H. B. Fowler, '0(5.
Miss Wells is a daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Charles 15. Wells of Wailuku,
Maui, Hawaii, and is now in the East
with her parents, who are about to
leave on a long European trip. The
marriage will occur at Bethlehem, Pa.,
on February 17. Miss Wells is a for
mer president of the English Club
at. Stanford, and was one of the joint
authors of a book of Stanford stories
She is a member of the Alpha Phi so
rority. Fowler, who was educated at
St. Paul's School, London, and at Stan
ford University, was an editor of the
Daily Palo Alto and founder of the
Stanford University interscholastic
athletic meet. For several years he
has been the Coast, editor of the San
Francisco Chronicle, and also auto
mobile editor.
The engagement has been an
nounced of Miss Laura Wells, Stan
ford, ex-'O9, and W. H. B. Fowler, '0(5.
Miss Wells is a daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Charles 15. Wells of Wailuku,
Maui, Hawaii, and is now in the East
with her parents, who are about to
leave on a long European trip. The
marriage will occur at Bethlehem, Pa.,
on February 17. Miss Wells is a for
mer president of the English Club
at. Stanford, and was one of the joint
authors of a book of Stanford stories
She is a member of the Alpha Phi so
rority. Fowler, who was educated at
St. Paul's School, London, and at Stan
ford University, was an editor of the
Daily Palo Alto and founder of the
Stanford University interscholastic
athletic meet. For several years he
has been the Coast, editor of the San
Francisco Chronicle, and also auto
mobile editor.
The engagement has been an
nounced of Miss Laura Wells, Stan
ford, ex-'O9, and W. H. B. Fowler, '0(5.
Miss Wells is a daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Charles 15. Wells of Wailuku,
Maui, Hawaii, and is now in the East
with her parents, who are about to
leave on a long European trip. The
marriage will occur at Bethlehem, Pa.,
on February 17. Miss Wells is a for
mer president of the English Club
at. Stanford, and was one of the joint
authors of a book of Stanford stories
She is a member of the Alpha Phi so
rority. Fowler, who was educated at
St. Paul's School, London, and at Stan
ford University, was an editor of the
Daily Palo Alto and founder of the
Stanford University interscholastic
athletic meet. For several years he
has been the Coast, editor of the San
Francisco Chronicle, and also auto
mobile editor.
The engagement has been an
nounced of Miss Laura Wells, Stan
ford, ex-'O9, and W. H. B. Fowler, '0(5.
Miss Wells is a daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Charles 15. Wells of Wailuku,
Maui, Hawaii, and is now in the East
with her parents, who are about to
leave on a long European trip. The
marriage will occur at Bethlehem, Pa.,
on February 17. Miss Wells is a for
mer president of the English Club
at. Stanford, and was one of the joint
authors of a book of Stanford stories
She is a member of the Alpha Phi so
rority. Fowler, who was educated at
St. Paul's School, London, and at Stan
ford University, was an editor of the
Daily Palo Alto and founder of the
Stanford University interscholastic
athletic meet. For several years he
has been the Coast, editor of the San
Francisco Chronicle, and also auto
mobile editor.
The engagement has been an
nounced of Miss Laura Wells, Stan
ford, ex-'O9, and W. H. B. Fowler, '0(5.
Miss Wells is a daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Charles 15. Wells of Wailuku,
Maui, Hawaii, and is now in the East
with her parents, who are about to
leave on a long European trip. The
marriage will occur at Bethlehem, Pa.,
on February 17. Miss Wells is a for
mer president of the English Club
at. Stanford, and was one of the joint
authors of a book of Stanford stories
She is a member of the Alpha Phi so
rority. Fowler, who was educated at
St. Paul's School, London, and at Stan
ford University, was an editor of the
Daily Palo Alto and founder of the
Stanford University interscholastic
athletic meet. For several years he
has been the Coast, editor of the San
Francisco Chronicle, and also auto
mobile editor.
The engagement has been an
nounced of Miss Laura Wells, Stan
ford, ex-'O9, and W. H. B. Fowler, '0(5.
Miss Wells is a daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Charles 15. Wells of Wailuku,
Maui, Hawaii, and is now in the East
with her parents, who are about to
leave on a long European trip. The
marriage will occur at Bethlehem, Pa.,
on February 17. Miss Wells is a for
mer president of the English Club
at. Stanford, and was one of the joint
authors of a book of Stanford stories
She is a member of the Alpha Phi so
rority. Fowler, who was educated at
St. Paul's School, London, and at Stan
ford University, was an editor of the
Daily Palo Alto and founder of the
Stanford University interscholastic
athletic meet. For several years he
has been the Coast, editor of the San
Francisco Chronicle, and also auto
mobile editor.
The engagement has been an
nounced of Miss Laura Wells, Stan
ford, ex-'O9, and W. H. B. Fowler, '0(5.
Miss Wells is a daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Charles 15. Wells of Wailuku,
Maui, Hawaii, and is now in the East
with her parents, who are about to
leave on a long European trip. The
marriage will occur at Bethlehem, Pa.,
on February 17. Miss Wells is a for
mer president of the English Club
at. Stanford, and was one of the joint
authors of a book of Stanford stories
She is a member of the Alpha Phi so
rority. Fowler, who was educated at
St. Paul's School, London, and at Stan
ford University, was an editor of the
Daily Palo Alto and founder of the
Stanford University interscholastic
athletic meet. For several years he
has been the Coast, editor of the San
Francisco Chronicle, and also auto
mobile editor.
