# Euphronia Banquets at Inn.
## 
### 
Instead of holding the regular meet
ing last evening, Euphronia Debating
Society gathered at the Stanford Inn
to attend a banquet given by that or
ganization for its members. The new
lv elected members were formally in
troduced into the society by this func
tion. Among those who responded to
toasts during the evening were .T. M.
Ward, gr., W. C. Shelton, 'OS, D. F.
Conway, '10, S. J. Talbot, '10, and F.
E. Hill. '11, while the new members
rose to answer healths with original
stunts.
Instead of holding the regular meet
ing last evening, Euphronia Debating
Society gathered at the Stanford Inn
to attend a banquet given by that or
ganization for its members. The new
lv elected members were formally in
troduced into the society by this func
tion. Among those who responded to
toasts during the evening were .T. M.
Ward, gr., W. C. Shelton, 'OS, D. F.
Conway, '10, S. J. Talbot, '10, and F.
E. Hill. '11, while the new members
rose to answer healths with original
stunts.
Instead of holding the regular meet
ing last evening, Euphronia Debating
Society gathered at the Stanford Inn
to attend a banquet given by that or
ganization for its members. The new
lv elected members were formally in
troduced into the society by this func
tion. Among those who responded to
toasts during the evening were .T. M.
Ward, gr., W. C. Shelton, 'OS, D. F.
Conway, '10, S. J. Talbot, '10, and F.
E. Hill. '11, while the new members
rose to answer healths with original
stunts.
Instead of holding the regular meet
ing last evening, Euphronia Debating
Society gathered at the Stanford Inn
to attend a banquet given by that or
ganization for its members. The new
lv elected members were formally in
troduced into the society by this func
tion. Among those who responded to
toasts during the evening were .T. M.
Ward, gr., W. C. Shelton, 'OS, D. F.
Conway, '10, S. J. Talbot, '10, and F.
E. Hill. '11, while the new members
rose to answer healths with original
stunts.
Instead of holding the regular meet
ing last evening, Euphronia Debating
Society gathered at the Stanford Inn
to attend a banquet given by that or
ganization for its members. The new
lv elected members were formally in
troduced into the society by this func
tion. Among those who responded to
toasts during the evening were .T. M.
Ward, gr., W. C. Shelton, 'OS, D. F.
Conway, '10, S. J. Talbot, '10, and F.
E. Hill. '11, while the new members
rose to answer healths with original
stunts.
Instead of holding the regular meet
ing last evening, Euphronia Debating
Society gathered at the Stanford Inn
to attend a banquet given by that or
ganization for its members. The new
lv elected members were formally in
troduced into the society by this func
tion. Among those who responded to
toasts during the evening were .T. M.
Ward, gr., W. C. Shelton, 'OS, D. F.
Conway, '10, S. J. Talbot, '10, and F.
E. Hill. '11, while the new members
rose to answer healths with original
stunts.
Instead of holding the regular meet
ing last evening, Euphronia Debating
Society gathered at the Stanford Inn
to attend a banquet given by that or
ganization for its members. The new
lv elected members were formally in
troduced into the society by this func
tion. Among those who responded to
toasts during the evening were .T. M.
Ward, gr., W. C. Shelton, 'OS, D. F.
Conway, '10, S. J. Talbot, '10, and F.
E. Hill. '11, while the new members
rose to answer healths with original
stunts.
Instead of holding the regular meet
ing last evening, Euphronia Debating
Society gathered at the Stanford Inn
to attend a banquet given by that or
ganization for its members. The new
lv elected members were formally in
troduced into the society by this func
tion. Among those who responded to
toasts during the evening were .T. M.
Ward, gr., W. C. Shelton, 'OS, D. F.
Conway, '10, S. J. Talbot, '10, and F.
E. Hill. '11, while the new members
rose to answer healths with original
stunts.
Instead of holding the regular meet
ing last evening, Euphronia Debating
Society gathered at the Stanford Inn
to attend a banquet given by that or
ganization for its members. The new
lv elected members were formally in
troduced into the society by this func
tion. Among those who responded to
toasts during the evening were .T. M.
Ward, gr., W. C. Shelton, 'OS, D. F.
Conway, '10, S. J. Talbot, '10, and F.
E. Hill. '11, while the new members
rose to answer healths with original
stunts.
Instead of holding the regular meet
ing last evening, Euphronia Debating
Society gathered at the Stanford Inn
to attend a banquet given by that or
ganization for its members. The new
lv elected members were formally in
troduced into the society by this func
tion. Among those who responded to
toasts during the evening were .T. M.
Ward, gr., W. C. Shelton, 'OS, D. F.
Conway, '10, S. J. Talbot, '10, and F.
E. Hill. '11, while the new members
rose to answer healths with original
stunts.
Instead of holding the regular meet
ing last evening, Euphronia Debating
Society gathered at the Stanford Inn
to attend a banquet given by that or
ganization for its members. The new
lv elected members were formally in
troduced into the society by this func
tion. Among those who responded to
toasts during the evening were .T. M.
Ward, gr., W. C. Shelton, 'OS, D. F.
Conway, '10, S. J. Talbot, '10, and F.
E. Hill. '11, while the new members
rose to answer healths with original
stunts.
