# Untitled Article
## 
### 
— Mr. Hoey, superintendent of
agencies for the New Century Type
writer Co., visited M.H.Thorpe, '06,
yesterday.
— Mr. Hoey, superintendent of
agencies for the New Century Type
writer Co., visited M.H.Thorpe, '06,
yesterday.
— Mr. Hoey, superintendent of
agencies for the New Century Type
writer Co., visited M.H.Thorpe, '06,
yesterday.
— Mr. Hoey, superintendent of
agencies for the New Century Type
writer Co., visited M.H.Thorpe, '06,
yesterday.
— Mr. Hoey, superintendent of
agencies for the New Century Type
writer Co., visited M.H.Thorpe, '06,
yesterday.
— Mr. Hoey, superintendent of
agencies for the New Century Type
writer Co., visited M.H.Thorpe, '06,
yesterday.
— Mr. Hoey, superintendent of
agencies for the New Century Type
writer Co., visited M.H.Thorpe, '06,
yesterday.
— Mr. Hoey, superintendent of
agencies for the New Century Type
writer Co., visited M.H.Thorpe, '06,
yesterday.
