# Adv. 12 Page 3
## 
### 
Going... Going...
At 5 o'clock today, gone! Your last
opportunity to enter The Daily's big
Ad-Mistake Contest. Entries must be
turned in to The Daily's business office
by 5 this afternoon to be eligible for
the long list of prizes. Winners will be
announced in The Daily Wednesday.
Going... Going...
At 5 o'clock today, gone! Your last
opportunity to enter The Daily's big
Ad-Mistake Contest. Entries must be
turned in to The Daily's business office
by 5 this afternoon to be eligible for
the long list of prizes. Winners will be
announced in The Daily Wednesday.
Going... Going...
At 5 o'clock today, gone! Your last
opportunity to enter The Daily's big
Ad-Mistake Contest. Entries must be
turned in to The Daily's business office
by 5 this afternoon to be eligible for
the long list of prizes. Winners will be
announced in The Daily Wednesday.
Going... Going...
At 5 o'clock today, gone! Your last
opportunity to enter The Daily's big
Ad-Mistake Contest. Entries must be
turned in to The Daily's business office
by 5 this afternoon to be eligible for
the long list of prizes. Winners will be
announced in The Daily Wednesday.
Going... Going...
At 5 o'clock today, gone! Your last
opportunity to enter The Daily's big
Ad-Mistake Contest. Entries must be
turned in to The Daily's business office
by 5 this afternoon to be eligible for
the long list of prizes. Winners will be
announced in The Daily Wednesday.
Going... Going...
At 5 o'clock today, gone! Your last
opportunity to enter The Daily's big
Ad-Mistake Contest. Entries must be
turned in to The Daily's business office
by 5 this afternoon to be eligible for
the long list of prizes. Winners will be
announced in The Daily Wednesday.
Going... Going...
At 5 o'clock today, gone! Your last
opportunity to enter The Daily's big
Ad-Mistake Contest. Entries must be
turned in to The Daily's business office
by 5 this afternoon to be eligible for
the long list of prizes. Winners will be
announced in The Daily Wednesday.
Going... Going...
At 5 o'clock today, gone! Your last
opportunity to enter The Daily's big
Ad-Mistake Contest. Entries must be
turned in to The Daily's business office
by 5 this afternoon to be eligible for
the long list of prizes. Winners will be
announced in The Daily Wednesday.
Going... Going...
At 5 o'clock today, gone! Your last
opportunity to enter The Daily's big
Ad-Mistake Contest. Entries must be
turned in to The Daily's business office
by 5 this afternoon to be eligible for
the long list of prizes. Winners will be
announced in The Daily Wednesday.
Going... Going...
At 5 o'clock today, gone! Your last
opportunity to enter The Daily's big
Ad-Mistake Contest. Entries must be
turned in to The Daily's business office
by 5 this afternoon to be eligible for
the long list of prizes. Winners will be
announced in The Daily Wednesday.
Going... Going...
At 5 o'clock today, gone! Your last
opportunity to enter The Daily's big
Ad-Mistake Contest. Entries must be
turned in to The Daily's business office
by 5 this afternoon to be eligible for
the long list of prizes. Winners will be
announced in The Daily Wednesday.
Going... Going...
At 5 o'clock today, gone! Your last
opportunity to enter The Daily's big
Ad-Mistake Contest. Entries must be
turned in to The Daily's business office
by 5 this afternoon to be eligible for
the long list of prizes. Winners will be
announced in The Daily Wednesday.
Going... Going...
At 5 o'clock today, gone! Your last
opportunity to enter The Daily's big
Ad-Mistake Contest. Entries must be
turned in to The Daily's business office
by 5 this afternoon to be eligible for
the long list of prizes. Winners will be
announced in The Daily Wednesday.
Going... Going...
At 5 o'clock today, gone! Your last
opportunity to enter The Daily's big
Ad-Mistake Contest. Entries must be
turned in to The Daily's business office
by 5 this afternoon to be eligible for
the long list of prizes. Winners will be
announced in The Daily Wednesday.
Going... Going...
At 5 o'clock today, gone! Your last
opportunity to enter The Daily's big
Ad-Mistake Contest. Entries must be
turned in to The Daily's business office
by 5 this afternoon to be eligible for
the long list of prizes. Winners will be
announced in The Daily Wednesday.
