# Card Baud Leader Leaves for East
## 
### 
Will H. Bickett, director of the
Stanford band, left Saturday to at
tend the annual convention of the
American Bandmasters' Association
in Milwaukee. Mr. Bickett will be
the guest of, and direct, the North
western University band and the
University of Illinois band.
In addition to the regular concerts,
a special program will be broadcast
from the convention, which will be
directed by the 12 band leaders
chosen by lot. â€¢ "I will not misk
playing 'Stanford Forever' if I am se
lected," stated Mr. Bickett, adding
that he will present "Redskin" at
the various concerts at which he
conducts.
Most expensive schools at the Uni
versity of Washington arc those of
law and engineering.
