# Soph Cotillion Bids Go on Sale Today
## 
### 
Bids for the Sophomore Cotillion
will go on sale this morning at the
Post Office. The entire campus is in
vited to attend the affair which is
being held after the Stanford - Cal
basketball game next Friday night,
in the Women's Gym. Tickets will
cost $2.
Bids for the Sophomore Cotillion
will go on sale this morning at the
Post Office. The entire campus is in
vited to attend the affair which is
being held after the Stanford - Cal
basketball game next Friday night,
in the Women's Gym. Tickets will
cost $2.
Bids for the Sophomore Cotillion
will go on sale this morning at the
Post Office. The entire campus is in
vited to attend the affair which is
being held after the Stanford - Cal
basketball game next Friday night,
in the Women's Gym. Tickets will
cost $2.
Bids for the Sophomore Cotillion
will go on sale this morning at the
Post Office. The entire campus is in
vited to attend the affair which is
being held after the Stanford - Cal
basketball game next Friday night,
in the Women's Gym. Tickets will
cost $2.
Bids for the Sophomore Cotillion
will go on sale this morning at the
Post Office. The entire campus is in
vited to attend the affair which is
being held after the Stanford - Cal
basketball game next Friday night,
in the Women's Gym. Tickets will
cost $2.
Bids for the Sophomore Cotillion
will go on sale this morning at the
Post Office. The entire campus is in
vited to attend the affair which is
being held after the Stanford - Cal
basketball game next Friday night,
in the Women's Gym. Tickets will
cost $2.
Bids for the Sophomore Cotillion
will go on sale this morning at the
Post Office. The entire campus is in
vited to attend the affair which is
being held after the Stanford - Cal
basketball game next Friday night,
in the Women's Gym. Tickets will
cost $2.
Bids for the Sophomore Cotillion
will go on sale this morning at the
Post Office. The entire campus is in
vited to attend the affair which is
being held after the Stanford - Cal
basketball game next Friday night,
in the Women's Gym. Tickets will
cost $2.
Bids for the Sophomore Cotillion
will go on sale this morning at the
Post Office. The entire campus is in
vited to attend the affair which is
being held after the Stanford - Cal
basketball game next Friday night,
in the Women's Gym. Tickets will
cost $2.
Bids for the Sophomore Cotillion
will go on sale this morning at the
Post Office. The entire campus is in
vited to attend the affair which is
being held after the Stanford - Cal
basketball game next Friday night,
in the Women's Gym. Tickets will
cost $2.
Bids for the Sophomore Cotillion
will go on sale this morning at the
Post Office. The entire campus is in
vited to attend the affair which is
being held after the Stanford - Cal
basketball game next Friday night,
in the Women's Gym. Tickets will
cost $2.
Bids for the Sophomore Cotillion
will go on sale this morning at the
Post Office. The entire campus is in
vited to attend the affair which is
being held after the Stanford - Cal
basketball game next Friday night,
in the Women's Gym. Tickets will
cost $2.
Bids for the Sophomore Cotillion
will go on sale this morning at the
Post Office. The entire campus is in
vited to attend the affair which is
being held after the Stanford - Cal
basketball game next Friday night,
in the Women's Gym. Tickets will
cost $2.
Bids for the Sophomore Cotillion
will go on sale this morning at the
Post Office. The entire campus is in
vited to attend the affair which is
being held after the Stanford - Cal
basketball game next Friday night,
in the Women's Gym. Tickets will
cost $2.
Bids for the Sophomore Cotillion
will go on sale this morning at the
Post Office. The entire campus is in
vited to attend the affair which is
being held after the Stanford - Cal
basketball game next Friday night,
in the Women's Gym. Tickets will
cost $2.
