# Adv. 7 Page 2
## 
### 
f
CLUES /\
FROM
THE
RUSHING HINTS
The new fall wool-dresses
assure an abundance of
poise. In maroon and rust
as well as other smart
colors, these dresses give
the sought-for impression
of individuality.
$8 to $12
AT THE
Cfothes Closet
510 Waverley
f
CLUES /\
FROM
THE
RUSHING HINTS
The new fall wool-dresses
assure an abundance of
poise. In maroon and rust
as well as other smart
colors, these dresses give
the sought-for impression
of individuality.
$8 to $12
AT THE
Cfothes Closet
510 Waverley
f
CLUES /\
FROM
THE
RUSHING HINTS
The new fall wool-dresses
assure an abundance of
poise. In maroon and rust
as well as other smart
colors, these dresses give
the sought-for impression
of individuality.
$8 to $12
AT THE
Cfothes Closet
510 Waverley
f
CLUES /\
FROM
THE
RUSHING HINTS
The new fall wool-dresses
assure an abundance of
poise. In maroon and rust
as well as other smart
colors, these dresses give
the sought-for impression
of individuality.
$8 to $12
AT THE
Cfothes Closet
510 Waverley
f
CLUES /\
FROM
THE
RUSHING HINTS
The new fall wool-dresses
assure an abundance of
poise. In maroon and rust
as well as other smart
colors, these dresses give
the sought-for impression
of individuality.
$8 to $12
AT THE
Cfothes Closet
510 Waverley
f
CLUES /\
FROM
THE
RUSHING HINTS
The new fall wool-dresses
assure an abundance of
poise. In maroon and rust
as well as other smart
colors, these dresses give
the sought-for impression
of individuality.
$8 to $12
AT THE
Cfothes Closet
510 Waverley
f
CLUES /\
FROM
THE
RUSHING HINTS
The new fall wool-dresses
assure an abundance of
poise. In maroon and rust
as well as other smart
colors, these dresses give
the sought-for impression
of individuality.
$8 to $12
AT THE
Cfothes Closet
510 Waverley
f
CLUES /\
FROM
THE
RUSHING HINTS
The new fall wool-dresses
assure an abundance of
poise. In maroon and rust
as well as other smart
colors, these dresses give
the sought-for impression
of individuality.
$8 to $12
AT THE
Cfothes Closet
510 Waverley
f
CLUES /\
FROM
THE
RUSHING HINTS
The new fall wool-dresses
assure an abundance of
poise. In maroon and rust
as well as other smart
colors, these dresses give
the sought-for impression
of individuality.
$8 to $12
AT THE
Cfothes Closet
510 Waverley
f
CLUES /\
FROM
THE
RUSHING HINTS
The new fall wool-dresses
assure an abundance of
poise. In maroon and rust
as well as other smart
colors, these dresses give
the sought-for impression
of individuality.
$8 to $12
AT THE
Cfothes Closet
510 Waverley
f
CLUES /\
FROM
THE
RUSHING HINTS
The new fall wool-dresses
assure an abundance of
poise. In maroon and rust
as well as other smart
colors, these dresses give
the sought-for impression
of individuality.
$8 to $12
AT THE
Cfothes Closet
510 Waverley
f
CLUES /\
FROM
THE
RUSHING HINTS
The new fall wool-dresses
assure an abundance of
poise. In maroon and rust
as well as other smart
colors, these dresses give
the sought-for impression
of individuality.
$8 to $12
AT THE
Cfothes Closet
510 Waverley
f
CLUES /\
FROM
THE
RUSHING HINTS
The new fall wool-dresses
assure an abundance of
poise. In maroon and rust
as well as other smart
colors, these dresses give
the sought-for impression
of individuality.
$8 to $12
AT THE
Cfothes Closet
510 Waverley
f
CLUES /\
FROM
THE
RUSHING HINTS
The new fall wool-dresses
assure an abundance of
poise. In maroon and rust
as well as other smart
colors, these dresses give
the sought-for impression
of individuality.
$8 to $12
AT THE
Cfothes Closet
510 Waverley
f
CLUES /\
FROM
THE
RUSHING HINTS
The new fall wool-dresses
assure an abundance of
poise. In maroon and rust
as well as other smart
colors, these dresses give
the sought-for impression
of individuality.
$8 to $12
AT THE
Cfothes Closet
510 Waverley
