# Big Game Issue Of Chappie Has Much Art Work
## 
### 
Four pages of the Big Game
Issue of Chaparral will be de
voted exclusively to pictures
and cartoons, says Old Boy
Gordon Steedman.
The addition of these pages
for art work means that the
coming issue of Chappie will
have more cartoons than any
issue has had before. The
Venerable Cuckoo has been
keeping his whips whipping out
strange and unusual pictures in
order to cram the magazine
with the usual cream of campus
wit and humor.
The Ancient Dodderer is very
proud of the advance, and at
tributes his success to the new
photolithographic process of
the Stanford University Press,
and the ad-getting efforts of
Everett Claiborne, business
manager.
