# Kentucky Judge Backs Farm Mortgage Issue
## 
### 
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Nov. 14 (#).—
The Frazi'er-Lemke farm mortgage
Ifict was upheld by Federal District
Judge Charles I. Dawson here today
lis constitutional. Ho added, how
ever, iteighe believed it unfair and
unwise/that he upheld its con
stitutionality "with regret."
Judge Dawson ruled in favor of
William Radford, Christian county
farmer, who had sued to stop by
means of the Federal act a fore
closure against his farm by the
fliOuisvilk' Joint Stock Land Bank.
Judge Djawson said he approached
consideration of the case "with a
very definite conviction of its un
constitutionality." He said when the
tase was firgued he did not see how
the legislation oyuld. be sustained.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Nov. 14 (#).—
The Frazi'er-Lemke farm mortgage
Ifict was upheld by Federal District
Judge Charles I. Dawson here today
lis constitutional. Ho added, how
ever, iteighe believed it unfair and
unwise/that he upheld its con
stitutionality "with regret."
Judge Dawson ruled in favor of
William Radford, Christian county
farmer, who had sued to stop by
means of the Federal act a fore
closure against his farm by the
fliOuisvilk' Joint Stock Land Bank.
Judge Djawson said he approached
consideration of the case "with a
very definite conviction of its un
constitutionality." He said when the
tase was firgued he did not see how
the legislation oyuld. be sustained.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Nov. 14 (#).—
The Frazi'er-Lemke farm mortgage
Ifict was upheld by Federal District
Judge Charles I. Dawson here today
lis constitutional. Ho added, how
ever, iteighe believed it unfair and
unwise/that he upheld its con
stitutionality "with regret."
Judge Dawson ruled in favor of
William Radford, Christian county
farmer, who had sued to stop by
means of the Federal act a fore
closure against his farm by the
fliOuisvilk' Joint Stock Land Bank.
Judge Djawson said he approached
consideration of the case "with a
very definite conviction of its un
constitutionality." He said when the
tase was firgued he did not see how
the legislation oyuld. be sustained.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Nov. 14 (#).—
The Frazi'er-Lemke farm mortgage
Ifict was upheld by Federal District
Judge Charles I. Dawson here today
lis constitutional. Ho added, how
ever, iteighe believed it unfair and
unwise/that he upheld its con
stitutionality "with regret."
Judge Dawson ruled in favor of
William Radford, Christian county
farmer, who had sued to stop by
means of the Federal act a fore
closure against his farm by the
fliOuisvilk' Joint Stock Land Bank.
Judge Djawson said he approached
consideration of the case "with a
very definite conviction of its un
constitutionality." He said when the
tase was firgued he did not see how
the legislation oyuld. be sustained.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Nov. 14 (#).—
The Frazi'er-Lemke farm mortgage
Ifict was upheld by Federal District
Judge Charles I. Dawson here today
lis constitutional. Ho added, how
ever, iteighe believed it unfair and
unwise/that he upheld its con
stitutionality "with regret."
Judge Dawson ruled in favor of
William Radford, Christian county
farmer, who had sued to stop by
means of the Federal act a fore
closure against his farm by the
fliOuisvilk' Joint Stock Land Bank.
Judge Djawson said he approached
consideration of the case "with a
very definite conviction of its un
constitutionality." He said when the
tase was firgued he did not see how
the legislation oyuld. be sustained.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Nov. 14 (#).—
The Frazi'er-Lemke farm mortgage
Ifict was upheld by Federal District
Judge Charles I. Dawson here today
lis constitutional. Ho added, how
ever, iteighe believed it unfair and
unwise/that he upheld its con
stitutionality "with regret."
Judge Dawson ruled in favor of
William Radford, Christian county
farmer, who had sued to stop by
means of the Federal act a fore
closure against his farm by the
fliOuisvilk' Joint Stock Land Bank.
Judge Djawson said he approached
consideration of the case "with a
very definite conviction of its un
constitutionality." He said when the
tase was firgued he did not see how
the legislation oyuld. be sustained.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Nov. 14 (#).—
The Frazi'er-Lemke farm mortgage
Ifict was upheld by Federal District
Judge Charles I. Dawson here today
lis constitutional. Ho added, how
ever, iteighe believed it unfair and
unwise/that he upheld its con
stitutionality "with regret."
Judge Dawson ruled in favor of
William Radford, Christian county
farmer, who had sued to stop by
means of the Federal act a fore
closure against his farm by the
fliOuisvilk' Joint Stock Land Bank.
Judge Djawson said he approached
consideration of the case "with a
very definite conviction of its un
constitutionality." He said when the
tase was firgued he did not see how
the legislation oyuld. be sustained.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Nov. 14 (#).—
The Frazi'er-Lemke farm mortgage
Ifict was upheld by Federal District
Judge Charles I. Dawson here today
lis constitutional. Ho added, how
ever, iteighe believed it unfair and
unwise/that he upheld its con
stitutionality "with regret."
Judge Dawson ruled in favor of
William Radford, Christian county
farmer, who had sued to stop by
means of the Federal act a fore
closure against his farm by the
fliOuisvilk' Joint Stock Land Bank.
Judge Djawson said he approached
consideration of the case "with a
very definite conviction of its un
constitutionality." He said when the
tase was firgued he did not see how
the legislation oyuld. be sustained.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Nov. 14 (#).—
The Frazi'er-Lemke farm mortgage
Ifict was upheld by Federal District
Judge Charles I. Dawson here today
lis constitutional. Ho added, how
ever, iteighe believed it unfair and
unwise/that he upheld its con
stitutionality "with regret."
Judge Dawson ruled in favor of
William Radford, Christian county
farmer, who had sued to stop by
means of the Federal act a fore
closure against his farm by the
fliOuisvilk' Joint Stock Land Bank.
Judge Djawson said he approached
consideration of the case "with a
very definite conviction of its un
constitutionality." He said when the
tase was firgued he did not see how
the legislation oyuld. be sustained.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Nov. 14 (#).—
The Frazi'er-Lemke farm mortgage
Ifict was upheld by Federal District
Judge Charles I. Dawson here today
lis constitutional. Ho added, how
ever, iteighe believed it unfair and
unwise/that he upheld its con
stitutionality "with regret."
Judge Dawson ruled in favor of
William Radford, Christian county
farmer, who had sued to stop by
means of the Federal act a fore
closure against his farm by the
fliOuisvilk' Joint Stock Land Bank.
Judge Djawson said he approached
consideration of the case "with a
very definite conviction of its un
constitutionality." He said when the
tase was firgued he did not see how
the legislation oyuld. be sustained.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Nov. 14 (#).—
The Frazi'er-Lemke farm mortgage
Ifict was upheld by Federal District
Judge Charles I. Dawson here today
lis constitutional. Ho added, how
ever, iteighe believed it unfair and
unwise/that he upheld its con
stitutionality "with regret."
Judge Dawson ruled in favor of
William Radford, Christian county
farmer, who had sued to stop by
means of the Federal act a fore
closure against his farm by the
fliOuisvilk' Joint Stock Land Bank.
Judge Djawson said he approached
consideration of the case "with a
very definite conviction of its un
constitutionality." He said when the
tase was firgued he did not see how
the legislation oyuld. be sustained.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Nov. 14 (#).—
The Frazi'er-Lemke farm mortgage
Ifict was upheld by Federal District
Judge Charles I. Dawson here today
lis constitutional. Ho added, how
ever, iteighe believed it unfair and
unwise/that he upheld its con
stitutionality "with regret."
Judge Dawson ruled in favor of
William Radford, Christian county
farmer, who had sued to stop by
means of the Federal act a fore
closure against his farm by the
fliOuisvilk' Joint Stock Land Bank.
Judge Djawson said he approached
consideration of the case "with a
very definite conviction of its un
constitutionality." He said when the
tase was firgued he did not see how
the legislation oyuld. be sustained.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Nov. 14 (#).—
The Frazi'er-Lemke farm mortgage
Ifict was upheld by Federal District
Judge Charles I. Dawson here today
lis constitutional. Ho added, how
ever, iteighe believed it unfair and
unwise/that he upheld its con
stitutionality "with regret."
Judge Dawson ruled in favor of
William Radford, Christian county
farmer, who had sued to stop by
means of the Federal act a fore
closure against his farm by the
fliOuisvilk' Joint Stock Land Bank.
Judge Djawson said he approached
consideration of the case "with a
very definite conviction of its un
constitutionality." He said when the
tase was firgued he did not see how
the legislation oyuld. be sustained.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Nov. 14 (#).—
The Frazi'er-Lemke farm mortgage
Ifict was upheld by Federal District
Judge Charles I. Dawson here today
lis constitutional. Ho added, how
ever, iteighe believed it unfair and
unwise/that he upheld its con
stitutionality "with regret."
Judge Dawson ruled in favor of
William Radford, Christian county
farmer, who had sued to stop by
means of the Federal act a fore
closure against his farm by the
fliOuisvilk' Joint Stock Land Bank.
Judge Djawson said he approached
consideration of the case "with a
very definite conviction of its un
constitutionality." He said when the
tase was firgued he did not see how
the legislation oyuld. be sustained.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Nov. 14 (#).—
The Frazi'er-Lemke farm mortgage
Ifict was upheld by Federal District
Judge Charles I. Dawson here today
lis constitutional. Ho added, how
ever, iteighe believed it unfair and
unwise/that he upheld its con
stitutionality "with regret."
Judge Dawson ruled in favor of
William Radford, Christian county
farmer, who had sued to stop by
means of the Federal act a fore
closure against his farm by the
fliOuisvilk' Joint Stock Land Bank.
Judge Djawson said he approached
consideration of the case "with a
very definite conviction of its un
constitutionality." He said when the
tase was firgued he did not see how
the legislation oyuld. be sustained.
