# COAST TO COAST IN 12 HOURS!
## 
### 

Capt. Eddie Rickenbacker, noted wartime flying ace, is shown doffing
his hat to admirers as he landed at Newark, N. J., after spanning the
continent in 12 hours, three minutes and 50 seconds —a new speed rec
ord for transport planes. The big twin-motored plane averaged 221
miles an hour from Los Angeles, with a single stop at Kansas City for
refueling. (Associated Press Photo)

Capt. Eddie Rickenbacker, noted wartime flying ace, is shown doffing
his hat to admirers as he landed at Newark, N. J., after spanning the
continent in 12 hours, three minutes and 50 seconds —a new speed rec
ord for transport planes. The big twin-motored plane averaged 221
miles an hour from Los Angeles, with a single stop at Kansas City for
refueling. (Associated Press Photo)

Capt. Eddie Rickenbacker, noted wartime flying ace, is shown doffing
his hat to admirers as he landed at Newark, N. J., after spanning the
continent in 12 hours, three minutes and 50 seconds —a new speed rec
ord for transport planes. The big twin-motored plane averaged 221
miles an hour from Los Angeles, with a single stop at Kansas City for
refueling. (Associated Press Photo)

Capt. Eddie Rickenbacker, noted wartime flying ace, is shown doffing
his hat to admirers as he landed at Newark, N. J., after spanning the
continent in 12 hours, three minutes and 50 seconds —a new speed rec
ord for transport planes. The big twin-motored plane averaged 221
miles an hour from Los Angeles, with a single stop at Kansas City for
refueling. (Associated Press Photo)

Capt. Eddie Rickenbacker, noted wartime flying ace, is shown doffing
his hat to admirers as he landed at Newark, N. J., after spanning the
continent in 12 hours, three minutes and 50 seconds —a new speed rec
ord for transport planes. The big twin-motored plane averaged 221
miles an hour from Los Angeles, with a single stop at Kansas City for
refueling. (Associated Press Photo)

Capt. Eddie Rickenbacker, noted wartime flying ace, is shown doffing
his hat to admirers as he landed at Newark, N. J., after spanning the
continent in 12 hours, three minutes and 50 seconds —a new speed rec
ord for transport planes. The big twin-motored plane averaged 221
miles an hour from Los Angeles, with a single stop at Kansas City for
refueling. (Associated Press Photo)

Capt. Eddie Rickenbacker, noted wartime flying ace, is shown doffing
his hat to admirers as he landed at Newark, N. J., after spanning the
continent in 12 hours, three minutes and 50 seconds —a new speed rec
ord for transport planes. The big twin-motored plane averaged 221
miles an hour from Los Angeles, with a single stop at Kansas City for
refueling. (Associated Press Photo)

Capt. Eddie Rickenbacker, noted wartime flying ace, is shown doffing
his hat to admirers as he landed at Newark, N. J., after spanning the
continent in 12 hours, three minutes and 50 seconds —a new speed rec
ord for transport planes. The big twin-motored plane averaged 221
miles an hour from Los Angeles, with a single stop at Kansas City for
refueling. (Associated Press Photo)

Capt. Eddie Rickenbacker, noted wartime flying ace, is shown doffing
his hat to admirers as he landed at Newark, N. J., after spanning the
continent in 12 hours, three minutes and 50 seconds —a new speed rec
ord for transport planes. The big twin-motored plane averaged 221
miles an hour from Los Angeles, with a single stop at Kansas City for
refueling. (Associated Press Photo)

Capt. Eddie Rickenbacker, noted wartime flying ace, is shown doffing
his hat to admirers as he landed at Newark, N. J., after spanning the
continent in 12 hours, three minutes and 50 seconds —a new speed rec
ord for transport planes. The big twin-motored plane averaged 221
miles an hour from Los Angeles, with a single stop at Kansas City for
refueling. (Associated Press Photo)

Capt. Eddie Rickenbacker, noted wartime flying ace, is shown doffing
his hat to admirers as he landed at Newark, N. J., after spanning the
continent in 12 hours, three minutes and 50 seconds —a new speed rec
ord for transport planes. The big twin-motored plane averaged 221
miles an hour from Los Angeles, with a single stop at Kansas City for
refueling. (Associated Press Photo)

Capt. Eddie Rickenbacker, noted wartime flying ace, is shown doffing
his hat to admirers as he landed at Newark, N. J., after spanning the
continent in 12 hours, three minutes and 50 seconds —a new speed rec
ord for transport planes. The big twin-motored plane averaged 221
miles an hour from Los Angeles, with a single stop at Kansas City for
refueling. (Associated Press Photo)

Capt. Eddie Rickenbacker, noted wartime flying ace, is shown doffing
his hat to admirers as he landed at Newark, N. J., after spanning the
continent in 12 hours, three minutes and 50 seconds —a new speed rec
ord for transport planes. The big twin-motored plane averaged 221
miles an hour from Los Angeles, with a single stop at Kansas City for
refueling. (Associated Press Photo)

Capt. Eddie Rickenbacker, noted wartime flying ace, is shown doffing
his hat to admirers as he landed at Newark, N. J., after spanning the
continent in 12 hours, three minutes and 50 seconds —a new speed rec
ord for transport planes. The big twin-motored plane averaged 221
miles an hour from Los Angeles, with a single stop at Kansas City for
refueling. (Associated Press Photo)

Capt. Eddie Rickenbacker, noted wartime flying ace, is shown doffing
his hat to admirers as he landed at Newark, N. J., after spanning the
continent in 12 hours, three minutes and 50 seconds —a new speed rec
ord for transport planes. The big twin-motored plane averaged 221
miles an hour from Los Angeles, with a single stop at Kansas City for
refueling. (Associated Press Photo)
