# DANCE CLASS EXCUSED
## 
### 
Mrs. Radir will not meet her in
termediate and advanced dancing
classes at 3 arid 4 o'clock today.
Mrs. Radir will not meet her in
termediate and advanced dancing
classes at 3 arid 4 o'clock today.
Mrs. Radir will not meet her in
termediate and advanced dancing
classes at 3 arid 4 o'clock today.
Mrs. Radir will not meet her in
termediate and advanced dancing
classes at 3 arid 4 o'clock today.
Mrs. Radir will not meet her in
termediate and advanced dancing
classes at 3 arid 4 o'clock today.
Mrs. Radir will not meet her in
termediate and advanced dancing
classes at 3 arid 4 o'clock today.
Mrs. Radir will not meet her in
termediate and advanced dancing
classes at 3 arid 4 o'clock today.
Mrs. Radir will not meet her in
termediate and advanced dancing
classes at 3 arid 4 o'clock today.
Mrs. Radir will not meet her in
termediate and advanced dancing
classes at 3 arid 4 o'clock today.
Mrs. Radir will not meet her in
termediate and advanced dancing
classes at 3 arid 4 o'clock today.
Mrs. Radir will not meet her in
termediate and advanced dancing
classes at 3 arid 4 o'clock today.
Mrs. Radir will not meet her in
termediate and advanced dancing
classes at 3 arid 4 o'clock today.
Mrs. Radir will not meet her in
termediate and advanced dancing
classes at 3 arid 4 o'clock today.
Mrs. Radir will not meet her in
termediate and advanced dancing
classes at 3 arid 4 o'clock today.
Mrs. Radir will not meet her in
termediate and advanced dancing
classes at 3 arid 4 o'clock today.
