# Manila Threatened By Approaching Typhoon
## 
### 
MANILA, Nov. 15 (TP). — Manila
held its breath early today as the
third destructive typhoon within a
month threatened the city. Warning
siren blasts were sounded in the
downtown section.
Meager reports indicated the ap
proaching tempest, which already
had isolated three provinces, might
be of more severe nature than the
one which caused 87 deaths and
rendered 21,000 persons homeless in
Manila and nearby provinces Octo
ber 1(5.
MANILA, Nov. 15 (TP). — Manila
held its breath early today as the
third destructive typhoon within a
month threatened the city. Warning
siren blasts were sounded in the
downtown section.
Meager reports indicated the ap
proaching tempest, which already
had isolated three provinces, might
be of more severe nature than the
one which caused 87 deaths and
rendered 21,000 persons homeless in
Manila and nearby provinces Octo
ber 1(5.
MANILA, Nov. 15 (TP). — Manila
held its breath early today as the
third destructive typhoon within a
month threatened the city. Warning
siren blasts were sounded in the
downtown section.
Meager reports indicated the ap
proaching tempest, which already
had isolated three provinces, might
be of more severe nature than the
one which caused 87 deaths and
rendered 21,000 persons homeless in
Manila and nearby provinces Octo
ber 1(5.
MANILA, Nov. 15 (TP). — Manila
held its breath early today as the
third destructive typhoon within a
month threatened the city. Warning
siren blasts were sounded in the
downtown section.
Meager reports indicated the ap
proaching tempest, which already
had isolated three provinces, might
be of more severe nature than the
one which caused 87 deaths and
rendered 21,000 persons homeless in
Manila and nearby provinces Octo
ber 1(5.
MANILA, Nov. 15 (TP). — Manila
held its breath early today as the
third destructive typhoon within a
month threatened the city. Warning
siren blasts were sounded in the
downtown section.
Meager reports indicated the ap
proaching tempest, which already
had isolated three provinces, might
be of more severe nature than the
one which caused 87 deaths and
rendered 21,000 persons homeless in
Manila and nearby provinces Octo
ber 1(5.
MANILA, Nov. 15 (TP). — Manila
held its breath early today as the
third destructive typhoon within a
month threatened the city. Warning
siren blasts were sounded in the
downtown section.
Meager reports indicated the ap
proaching tempest, which already
had isolated three provinces, might
be of more severe nature than the
one which caused 87 deaths and
rendered 21,000 persons homeless in
Manila and nearby provinces Octo
ber 1(5.
MANILA, Nov. 15 (TP). — Manila
held its breath early today as the
third destructive typhoon within a
month threatened the city. Warning
siren blasts were sounded in the
downtown section.
Meager reports indicated the ap
proaching tempest, which already
had isolated three provinces, might
be of more severe nature than the
one which caused 87 deaths and
rendered 21,000 persons homeless in
Manila and nearby provinces Octo
ber 1(5.
MANILA, Nov. 15 (TP). — Manila
held its breath early today as the
third destructive typhoon within a
month threatened the city. Warning
siren blasts were sounded in the
downtown section.
Meager reports indicated the ap
proaching tempest, which already
had isolated three provinces, might
be of more severe nature than the
one which caused 87 deaths and
rendered 21,000 persons homeless in
Manila and nearby provinces Octo
ber 1(5.
MANILA, Nov. 15 (TP). — Manila
held its breath early today as the
third destructive typhoon within a
month threatened the city. Warning
siren blasts were sounded in the
downtown section.
Meager reports indicated the ap
proaching tempest, which already
had isolated three provinces, might
be of more severe nature than the
one which caused 87 deaths and
rendered 21,000 persons homeless in
Manila and nearby provinces Octo
ber 1(5.
MANILA, Nov. 15 (TP). — Manila
held its breath early today as the
third destructive typhoon within a
month threatened the city. Warning
siren blasts were sounded in the
downtown section.
Meager reports indicated the ap
proaching tempest, which already
had isolated three provinces, might
be of more severe nature than the
one which caused 87 deaths and
rendered 21,000 persons homeless in
Manila and nearby provinces Octo
ber 1(5.
MANILA, Nov. 15 (TP). — Manila
held its breath early today as the
third destructive typhoon within a
month threatened the city. Warning
siren blasts were sounded in the
downtown section.
Meager reports indicated the ap
proaching tempest, which already
had isolated three provinces, might
be of more severe nature than the
one which caused 87 deaths and
rendered 21,000 persons homeless in
Manila and nearby provinces Octo
ber 1(5.
MANILA, Nov. 15 (TP). — Manila
held its breath early today as the
third destructive typhoon within a
month threatened the city. Warning
siren blasts were sounded in the
downtown section.
Meager reports indicated the ap
proaching tempest, which already
had isolated three provinces, might
be of more severe nature than the
one which caused 87 deaths and
rendered 21,000 persons homeless in
Manila and nearby provinces Octo
ber 1(5.
MANILA, Nov. 15 (TP). — Manila
held its breath early today as the
third destructive typhoon within a
month threatened the city. Warning
siren blasts were sounded in the
downtown section.
Meager reports indicated the ap
proaching tempest, which already
had isolated three provinces, might
be of more severe nature than the
one which caused 87 deaths and
rendered 21,000 persons homeless in
Manila and nearby provinces Octo
ber 1(5.
MANILA, Nov. 15 (TP). — Manila
held its breath early today as the
third destructive typhoon within a
month threatened the city. Warning
siren blasts were sounded in the
downtown section.
Meager reports indicated the ap
proaching tempest, which already
had isolated three provinces, might
be of more severe nature than the
one which caused 87 deaths and
rendered 21,000 persons homeless in
Manila and nearby provinces Octo
ber 1(5.
MANILA, Nov. 15 (TP). — Manila
held its breath early today as the
third destructive typhoon within a
month threatened the city. Warning
siren blasts were sounded in the
downtown section.
Meager reports indicated the ap
proaching tempest, which already
had isolated three provinces, might
be of more severe nature than the
one which caused 87 deaths and
rendered 21,000 persons homeless in
Manila and nearby provinces Octo
ber 1(5.
