# Adv. 17 Page 4
## 
### 
Lacc Curtains, to close out, 20 per
cent discount. Sherman & Co., 516
High street.
Lacc Curtains, to close out, 20 per
cent discount. Sherman & Co., 516
High street.
Lacc Curtains, to close out, 20 per
cent discount. Sherman & Co., 516
High street.
Lacc Curtains, to close out, 20 per
cent discount. Sherman & Co., 516
High street.
Lacc Curtains, to close out, 20 per
cent discount. Sherman & Co., 516
High street.
Lacc Curtains, to close out, 20 per
cent discount. Sherman & Co., 516
High street.
Lacc Curtains, to close out, 20 per
cent discount. Sherman & Co., 516
High street.
Lacc Curtains, to close out, 20 per
cent discount. Sherman & Co., 516
High street.
Lacc Curtains, to close out, 20 per
cent discount. Sherman & Co., 516
High street.
Lacc Curtains, to close out, 20 per
cent discount. Sherman & Co., 516
High street.
