# California Loses To All-Stars, 4-0.
## 
### 
The Honolulu All Stars defeated
California in baseball yesterday by
the score of 4-0. The university
line-up had been greatly changed
and showed much improvement, but
the All Stars were much superior in
batting.
The Honolulu All Stars defeated
California in baseball yesterday by
the score of 4-0. The university
line-up had been greatly changed
and showed much improvement, but
the All Stars were much superior in
batting.
The Honolulu All Stars defeated
California in baseball yesterday by
the score of 4-0. The university
line-up had been greatly changed
and showed much improvement, but
the All Stars were much superior in
batting.
The Honolulu All Stars defeated
California in baseball yesterday by
the score of 4-0. The university
line-up had been greatly changed
and showed much improvement, but
the All Stars were much superior in
batting.
The Honolulu All Stars defeated
California in baseball yesterday by
the score of 4-0. The university
line-up had been greatly changed
and showed much improvement, but
the All Stars were much superior in
batting.
The Honolulu All Stars defeated
California in baseball yesterday by
the score of 4-0. The university
line-up had been greatly changed
and showed much improvement, but
the All Stars were much superior in
batting.
The Honolulu All Stars defeated
California in baseball yesterday by
the score of 4-0. The university
line-up had been greatly changed
and showed much improvement, but
the All Stars were much superior in
batting.
The Honolulu All Stars defeated
California in baseball yesterday by
the score of 4-0. The university
line-up had been greatly changed
and showed much improvement, but
the All Stars were much superior in
batting.
The Honolulu All Stars defeated
California in baseball yesterday by
the score of 4-0. The university
line-up had been greatly changed
and showed much improvement, but
the All Stars were much superior in
batting.
The Honolulu All Stars defeated
California in baseball yesterday by
the score of 4-0. The university
line-up had been greatly changed
and showed much improvement, but
the All Stars were much superior in
batting.
