# Few American Scholars Abroad.
## 
### 
The increasing prestige of the Am
erican academic world is well shown
by the shrinkage in the number of j
American students abroad. The Uni
ted States Board of Education has
compiled statistics from the leading
foreign universities. At Berlin there
were 400 students from the United
States four years ago, 300 in 1905,
and at present only 68 men and 2 7
women. Conditions are the same at
Heidelberg, Gottingen, Jena, Leipsic,
Halle, and the other German univer
sities, in all of which, during 1906,
a total of but 309 American students
were registered.
At Oxford there are very few Am
ericans except the Rhodes scholars,
and the interest which these ap
pointments have aroused recently in
most of the states is slight.
The increasing prestige of the Am
erican academic world is well shown
by the shrinkage in the number of j
American students abroad. The Uni
ted States Board of Education has
compiled statistics from the leading
foreign universities. At Berlin there
were 400 students from the United
States four years ago, 300 in 1905,
and at present only 68 men and 2 7
women. Conditions are the same at
Heidelberg, Gottingen, Jena, Leipsic,
Halle, and the other German univer
sities, in all of which, during 1906,
a total of but 309 American students
were registered.
At Oxford there are very few Am
ericans except the Rhodes scholars,
and the interest which these ap
pointments have aroused recently in
most of the states is slight.
The increasing prestige of the Am
erican academic world is well shown
by the shrinkage in the number of j
American students abroad. The Uni
ted States Board of Education has
compiled statistics from the leading
foreign universities. At Berlin there
were 400 students from the United
States four years ago, 300 in 1905,
and at present only 68 men and 2 7
women. Conditions are the same at
Heidelberg, Gottingen, Jena, Leipsic,
Halle, and the other German univer
sities, in all of which, during 1906,
a total of but 309 American students
were registered.
At Oxford there are very few Am
ericans except the Rhodes scholars,
and the interest which these ap
pointments have aroused recently in
most of the states is slight.
The increasing prestige of the Am
erican academic world is well shown
by the shrinkage in the number of j
American students abroad. The Uni
ted States Board of Education has
compiled statistics from the leading
foreign universities. At Berlin there
were 400 students from the United
States four years ago, 300 in 1905,
and at present only 68 men and 2 7
women. Conditions are the same at
Heidelberg, Gottingen, Jena, Leipsic,
Halle, and the other German univer
sities, in all of which, during 1906,
a total of but 309 American students
were registered.
At Oxford there are very few Am
ericans except the Rhodes scholars,
and the interest which these ap
pointments have aroused recently in
most of the states is slight.
The increasing prestige of the Am
erican academic world is well shown
by the shrinkage in the number of j
American students abroad. The Uni
ted States Board of Education has
compiled statistics from the leading
foreign universities. At Berlin there
were 400 students from the United
States four years ago, 300 in 1905,
and at present only 68 men and 2 7
women. Conditions are the same at
Heidelberg, Gottingen, Jena, Leipsic,
Halle, and the other German univer
sities, in all of which, during 1906,
a total of but 309 American students
were registered.
At Oxford there are very few Am
ericans except the Rhodes scholars,
and the interest which these ap
pointments have aroused recently in
most of the states is slight.
The increasing prestige of the Am
erican academic world is well shown
by the shrinkage in the number of j
American students abroad. The Uni
ted States Board of Education has
compiled statistics from the leading
foreign universities. At Berlin there
were 400 students from the United
States four years ago, 300 in 1905,
and at present only 68 men and 2 7
women. Conditions are the same at
Heidelberg, Gottingen, Jena, Leipsic,
Halle, and the other German univer
sities, in all of which, during 1906,
a total of but 309 American students
were registered.
At Oxford there are very few Am
ericans except the Rhodes scholars,
and the interest which these ap
pointments have aroused recently in
most of the states is slight.
The increasing prestige of the Am
erican academic world is well shown
by the shrinkage in the number of j
American students abroad. The Uni
ted States Board of Education has
compiled statistics from the leading
foreign universities. At Berlin there
were 400 students from the United
States four years ago, 300 in 1905,
and at present only 68 men and 2 7
women. Conditions are the same at
Heidelberg, Gottingen, Jena, Leipsic,
Halle, and the other German univer
sities, in all of which, during 1906,
a total of but 309 American students
were registered.
At Oxford there are very few Am
ericans except the Rhodes scholars,
and the interest which these ap
pointments have aroused recently in
most of the states is slight.
The increasing prestige of the Am
erican academic world is well shown
by the shrinkage in the number of j
American students abroad. The Uni
ted States Board of Education has
compiled statistics from the leading
foreign universities. At Berlin there
were 400 students from the United
States four years ago, 300 in 1905,
and at present only 68 men and 2 7
women. Conditions are the same at
Heidelberg, Gottingen, Jena, Leipsic,
Halle, and the other German univer
sities, in all of which, during 1906,
a total of but 309 American students
were registered.
At Oxford there are very few Am
ericans except the Rhodes scholars,
and the interest which these ap
pointments have aroused recently in
most of the states is slight.
The increasing prestige of the Am
erican academic world is well shown
by the shrinkage in the number of j
American students abroad. The Uni
ted States Board of Education has
compiled statistics from the leading
foreign universities. At Berlin there
were 400 students from the United
States four years ago, 300 in 1905,
and at present only 68 men and 2 7
women. Conditions are the same at
Heidelberg, Gottingen, Jena, Leipsic,
Halle, and the other German univer
sities, in all of which, during 1906,
a total of but 309 American students
were registered.
At Oxford there are very few Am
ericans except the Rhodes scholars,
and the interest which these ap
pointments have aroused recently in
most of the states is slight.
The increasing prestige of the Am
erican academic world is well shown
by the shrinkage in the number of j
American students abroad. The Uni
ted States Board of Education has
compiled statistics from the leading
foreign universities. At Berlin there
were 400 students from the United
States four years ago, 300 in 1905,
and at present only 68 men and 2 7
women. Conditions are the same at
Heidelberg, Gottingen, Jena, Leipsic,
Halle, and the other German univer
sities, in all of which, during 1906,
a total of but 309 American students
were registered.
At Oxford there are very few Am
ericans except the Rhodes scholars,
and the interest which these ap
pointments have aroused recently in
most of the states is slight.
