# Will Discuss Politics.
## 
### 
The current Events Club will hold
its next regular meeting at the
home of Mrs. R. L. Green. 13 Sal
vatierra, on next Monday afternoon.
The afternoon will be spent in dis
cussion of foreign and domestic pol
itics.
The current Events Club will hold
its next regular meeting at the
home of Mrs. R. L. Green. 13 Sal
vatierra, on next Monday afternoon.
The afternoon will be spent in dis
cussion of foreign and domestic pol
itics.
The current Events Club will hold
its next regular meeting at the
home of Mrs. R. L. Green. 13 Sal
vatierra, on next Monday afternoon.
The afternoon will be spent in dis
cussion of foreign and domestic pol
itics.
The current Events Club will hold
its next regular meeting at the
home of Mrs. R. L. Green. 13 Sal
vatierra, on next Monday afternoon.
The afternoon will be spent in dis
cussion of foreign and domestic pol
itics.
The current Events Club will hold
its next regular meeting at the
home of Mrs. R. L. Green. 13 Sal
vatierra, on next Monday afternoon.
The afternoon will be spent in dis
cussion of foreign and domestic pol
itics.
The current Events Club will hold
its next regular meeting at the
home of Mrs. R. L. Green. 13 Sal
vatierra, on next Monday afternoon.
The afternoon will be spent in dis
cussion of foreign and domestic pol
itics.
The current Events Club will hold
its next regular meeting at the
home of Mrs. R. L. Green. 13 Sal
vatierra, on next Monday afternoon.
The afternoon will be spent in dis
cussion of foreign and domestic pol
itics.
The current Events Club will hold
its next regular meeting at the
home of Mrs. R. L. Green. 13 Sal
vatierra, on next Monday afternoon.
The afternoon will be spent in dis
cussion of foreign and domestic pol
itics.
The current Events Club will hold
its next regular meeting at the
home of Mrs. R. L. Green. 13 Sal
vatierra, on next Monday afternoon.
The afternoon will be spent in dis
cussion of foreign and domestic pol
itics.
The current Events Club will hold
its next regular meeting at the
home of Mrs. R. L. Green. 13 Sal
vatierra, on next Monday afternoon.
The afternoon will be spent in dis
cussion of foreign and domestic pol
itics.
