# Statues for the Library.
## 
### 
Two massive statues, one of Ben
jamin Franklin, as the famous
printer, the other of Johannes Gut
enberg, the inventor of printing,
are soon to be placed on the outside
of the new library building, over
the middle arch of the arcade. The
figures are nine feet high, and are
to rest on pedestals twenty feet
from the ground. They are carved
from San Jose sandstone, the same
material that is used in the con
struction of the building. The
statue of Gutenberg represents him
standing with a book in one hand,
and type in the other ; while the
figure of Franklin shows him with
his hand resting on an old-time
hand-press, such as he used in
Watt's printing office, London, in
1725.
