# English Club Hears Talks
## 
### 
"This is the story of my life."
So, doubtless, will several of the
newly-elected members of the Eng
lish Club preface the reading of
their "autobiographies" this evening.
The revelations will take place at
(he home of Professor Frances The
resa Russell, 534 Lasuen, when the j
club convenes at 8 o'clock tonight.
Confession of suppressed desires,
diary excerpts, and publication of
personal pet theories are anticipated,
to be expressed through styles of
literary merit.
Plans for the William Thornton
appearance on the campus, set for j
November 14, will also be discussed .
at tonight's meeting, announces j
Eleanor Carlton, publicity manager ,
for the club.
The initiation of new members is |
also scheduled. These are: Rosemary
Benet, Robert Balzer, Don Brown, j
Rosemary Evans, Frances and Eliza- '
beth Ferry, Jane Hillebrand, Mary j
Ellen Leary, Dave Mellinkofi, Frank
O'Neill, John McFarland, Anne Van
Wagenen, Jean Verhoogen, and Ar- |
thur Wright.
"This is the story of my life."
So, doubtless, will several of the
newly-elected members of the Eng
lish Club preface the reading of
their "autobiographies" this evening.
The revelations will take place at
(he home of Professor Frances The
resa Russell, 534 Lasuen, when the j
club convenes at 8 o'clock tonight.
Confession of suppressed desires,
diary excerpts, and publication of
personal pet theories are anticipated,
to be expressed through styles of
literary merit.
Plans for the William Thornton
appearance on the campus, set for j
November 14, will also be discussed .
at tonight's meeting, announces j
Eleanor Carlton, publicity manager ,
for the club.
The initiation of new members is |
also scheduled. These are: Rosemary
Benet, Robert Balzer, Don Brown, j
Rosemary Evans, Frances and Eliza- '
beth Ferry, Jane Hillebrand, Mary j
Ellen Leary, Dave Mellinkofi, Frank
O'Neill, John McFarland, Anne Van
Wagenen, Jean Verhoogen, and Ar- |
thur Wright.
"This is the story of my life."
So, doubtless, will several of the
newly-elected members of the Eng
lish Club preface the reading of
their "autobiographies" this evening.
The revelations will take place at
(he home of Professor Frances The
resa Russell, 534 Lasuen, when the j
club convenes at 8 o'clock tonight.
Confession of suppressed desires,
diary excerpts, and publication of
personal pet theories are anticipated,
to be expressed through styles of
literary merit.
Plans for the William Thornton
appearance on the campus, set for j
November 14, will also be discussed .
at tonight's meeting, announces j
Eleanor Carlton, publicity manager ,
for the club.
The initiation of new members is |
also scheduled. These are: Rosemary
Benet, Robert Balzer, Don Brown, j
Rosemary Evans, Frances and Eliza- '
beth Ferry, Jane Hillebrand, Mary j
Ellen Leary, Dave Mellinkofi, Frank
O'Neill, John McFarland, Anne Van
Wagenen, Jean Verhoogen, and Ar- |
thur Wright.
"This is the story of my life."
So, doubtless, will several of the
newly-elected members of the Eng
lish Club preface the reading of
their "autobiographies" this evening.
The revelations will take place at
(he home of Professor Frances The
resa Russell, 534 Lasuen, when the j
club convenes at 8 o'clock tonight.
Confession of suppressed desires,
diary excerpts, and publication of
personal pet theories are anticipated,
to be expressed through styles of
literary merit.
Plans for the William Thornton
appearance on the campus, set for j
November 14, will also be discussed .
at tonight's meeting, announces j
Eleanor Carlton, publicity manager ,
for the club.
The initiation of new members is |
also scheduled. These are: Rosemary
Benet, Robert Balzer, Don Brown, j
Rosemary Evans, Frances and Eliza- '
beth Ferry, Jane Hillebrand, Mary j
Ellen Leary, Dave Mellinkofi, Frank
O'Neill, John McFarland, Anne Van
Wagenen, Jean Verhoogen, and Ar- |
thur Wright.
"This is the story of my life."
So, doubtless, will several of the
newly-elected members of the Eng
lish Club preface the reading of
their "autobiographies" this evening.
The revelations will take place at
(he home of Professor Frances The
resa Russell, 534 Lasuen, when the j
club convenes at 8 o'clock tonight.
Confession of suppressed desires,
diary excerpts, and publication of
personal pet theories are anticipated,
to be expressed through styles of
literary merit.
Plans for the William Thornton
appearance on the campus, set for j
November 14, will also be discussed .
at tonight's meeting, announces j
Eleanor Carlton, publicity manager ,
for the club.
The initiation of new members is |
also scheduled. These are: Rosemary
Benet, Robert Balzer, Don Brown, j
Rosemary Evans, Frances and Eliza- '
beth Ferry, Jane Hillebrand, Mary j
Ellen Leary, Dave Mellinkofi, Frank
O'Neill, John McFarland, Anne Van
Wagenen, Jean Verhoogen, and Ar- |
thur Wright.
"This is the story of my life."
So, doubtless, will several of the
newly-elected members of the Eng
lish Club preface the reading of
their "autobiographies" this evening.
The revelations will take place at
(he home of Professor Frances The
resa Russell, 534 Lasuen, when the j
club convenes at 8 o'clock tonight.
Confession of suppressed desires,
diary excerpts, and publication of
personal pet theories are anticipated,
to be expressed through styles of
literary merit.
Plans for the William Thornton
appearance on the campus, set for j
November 14, will also be discussed .
at tonight's meeting, announces j
Eleanor Carlton, publicity manager ,
for the club.
The initiation of new members is |
also scheduled. These are: Rosemary
Benet, Robert Balzer, Don Brown, j
Rosemary Evans, Frances and Eliza- '
beth Ferry, Jane Hillebrand, Mary j
Ellen Leary, Dave Mellinkofi, Frank
O'Neill, John McFarland, Anne Van
Wagenen, Jean Verhoogen, and Ar- |
thur Wright.
"This is the story of my life."
So, doubtless, will several of the
newly-elected members of the Eng
lish Club preface the reading of
their "autobiographies" this evening.
The revelations will take place at
(he home of Professor Frances The
resa Russell, 534 Lasuen, when the j
club convenes at 8 o'clock tonight.
Confession of suppressed desires,
diary excerpts, and publication of
personal pet theories are anticipated,
to be expressed through styles of
literary merit.
Plans for the William Thornton
appearance on the campus, set for j
November 14, will also be discussed .
at tonight's meeting, announces j
Eleanor Carlton, publicity manager ,
for the club.
The initiation of new members is |
also scheduled. These are: Rosemary
Benet, Robert Balzer, Don Brown, j
Rosemary Evans, Frances and Eliza- '
beth Ferry, Jane Hillebrand, Mary j
Ellen Leary, Dave Mellinkofi, Frank
O'Neill, John McFarland, Anne Van
Wagenen, Jean Verhoogen, and Ar- |
thur Wright.
"This is the story of my life."
So, doubtless, will several of the
newly-elected members of the Eng
lish Club preface the reading of
their "autobiographies" this evening.
The revelations will take place at
(he home of Professor Frances The
resa Russell, 534 Lasuen, when the j
club convenes at 8 o'clock tonight.
Confession of suppressed desires,
diary excerpts, and publication of
personal pet theories are anticipated,
to be expressed through styles of
literary merit.
Plans for the William Thornton
appearance on the campus, set for j
November 14, will also be discussed .
at tonight's meeting, announces j
Eleanor Carlton, publicity manager ,
for the club.
The initiation of new members is |
also scheduled. These are: Rosemary
Benet, Robert Balzer, Don Brown, j
Rosemary Evans, Frances and Eliza- '
beth Ferry, Jane Hillebrand, Mary j
Ellen Leary, Dave Mellinkofi, Frank
O'Neill, John McFarland, Anne Van
Wagenen, Jean Verhoogen, and Ar- |
thur Wright.
"This is the story of my life."
So, doubtless, will several of the
newly-elected members of the Eng
lish Club preface the reading of
their "autobiographies" this evening.
The revelations will take place at
(he home of Professor Frances The
resa Russell, 534 Lasuen, when the j
club convenes at 8 o'clock tonight.
Confession of suppressed desires,
diary excerpts, and publication of
personal pet theories are anticipated,
to be expressed through styles of
literary merit.
Plans for the William Thornton
appearance on the campus, set for j
November 14, will also be discussed .
at tonight's meeting, announces j
Eleanor Carlton, publicity manager ,
for the club.
The initiation of new members is |
also scheduled. These are: Rosemary
Benet, Robert Balzer, Don Brown, j
Rosemary Evans, Frances and Eliza- '
beth Ferry, Jane Hillebrand, Mary j
Ellen Leary, Dave Mellinkofi, Frank
O'Neill, John McFarland, Anne Van
Wagenen, Jean Verhoogen, and Ar- |
thur Wright.
"This is the story of my life."
So, doubtless, will several of the
newly-elected members of the Eng
lish Club preface the reading of
their "autobiographies" this evening.
The revelations will take place at
(he home of Professor Frances The
resa Russell, 534 Lasuen, when the j
club convenes at 8 o'clock tonight.
Confession of suppressed desires,
diary excerpts, and publication of
personal pet theories are anticipated,
to be expressed through styles of
literary merit.
Plans for the William Thornton
appearance on the campus, set for j
November 14, will also be discussed .
at tonight's meeting, announces j
Eleanor Carlton, publicity manager ,
for the club.
The initiation of new members is |
also scheduled. These are: Rosemary
Benet, Robert Balzer, Don Brown, j
Rosemary Evans, Frances and Eliza- '
beth Ferry, Jane Hillebrand, Mary j
Ellen Leary, Dave Mellinkofi, Frank
O'Neill, John McFarland, Anne Van
Wagenen, Jean Verhoogen, and Ar- |
thur Wright.
"This is the story of my life."
So, doubtless, will several of the
newly-elected members of the Eng
lish Club preface the reading of
their "autobiographies" this evening.
The revelations will take place at
(he home of Professor Frances The
resa Russell, 534 Lasuen, when the j
club convenes at 8 o'clock tonight.
Confession of suppressed desires,
diary excerpts, and publication of
personal pet theories are anticipated,
to be expressed through styles of
literary merit.
Plans for the William Thornton
appearance on the campus, set for j
November 14, will also be discussed .
at tonight's meeting, announces j
Eleanor Carlton, publicity manager ,
for the club.
The initiation of new members is |
also scheduled. These are: Rosemary
Benet, Robert Balzer, Don Brown, j
Rosemary Evans, Frances and Eliza- '
beth Ferry, Jane Hillebrand, Mary j
Ellen Leary, Dave Mellinkofi, Frank
O'Neill, John McFarland, Anne Van
Wagenen, Jean Verhoogen, and Ar- |
thur Wright.
"This is the story of my life."
So, doubtless, will several of the
newly-elected members of the Eng
lish Club preface the reading of
their "autobiographies" this evening.
The revelations will take place at
(he home of Professor Frances The
resa Russell, 534 Lasuen, when the j
club convenes at 8 o'clock tonight.
Confession of suppressed desires,
diary excerpts, and publication of
personal pet theories are anticipated,
to be expressed through styles of
literary merit.
Plans for the William Thornton
appearance on the campus, set for j
November 14, will also be discussed .
at tonight's meeting, announces j
Eleanor Carlton, publicity manager ,
for the club.
The initiation of new members is |
also scheduled. These are: Rosemary
Benet, Robert Balzer, Don Brown, j
Rosemary Evans, Frances and Eliza- '
beth Ferry, Jane Hillebrand, Mary j
Ellen Leary, Dave Mellinkofi, Frank
O'Neill, John McFarland, Anne Van
Wagenen, Jean Verhoogen, and Ar- |
thur Wright.
"This is the story of my life."
So, doubtless, will several of the
newly-elected members of the Eng
lish Club preface the reading of
their "autobiographies" this evening.
The revelations will take place at
(he home of Professor Frances The
resa Russell, 534 Lasuen, when the j
club convenes at 8 o'clock tonight.
Confession of suppressed desires,
diary excerpts, and publication of
personal pet theories are anticipated,
to be expressed through styles of
literary merit.
Plans for the William Thornton
appearance on the campus, set for j
November 14, will also be discussed .
at tonight's meeting, announces j
Eleanor Carlton, publicity manager ,
for the club.
The initiation of new members is |
also scheduled. These are: Rosemary
Benet, Robert Balzer, Don Brown, j
Rosemary Evans, Frances and Eliza- '
beth Ferry, Jane Hillebrand, Mary j
Ellen Leary, Dave Mellinkofi, Frank
O'Neill, John McFarland, Anne Van
Wagenen, Jean Verhoogen, and Ar- |
thur Wright.
"This is the story of my life."
So, doubtless, will several of the
newly-elected members of the Eng
lish Club preface the reading of
their "autobiographies" this evening.
The revelations will take place at
(he home of Professor Frances The
resa Russell, 534 Lasuen, when the j
club convenes at 8 o'clock tonight.
Confession of suppressed desires,
diary excerpts, and publication of
personal pet theories are anticipated,
to be expressed through styles of
literary merit.
Plans for the William Thornton
appearance on the campus, set for j
November 14, will also be discussed .
at tonight's meeting, announces j
Eleanor Carlton, publicity manager ,
for the club.
The initiation of new members is |
also scheduled. These are: Rosemary
Benet, Robert Balzer, Don Brown, j
Rosemary Evans, Frances and Eliza- '
beth Ferry, Jane Hillebrand, Mary j
Ellen Leary, Dave Mellinkofi, Frank
O'Neill, John McFarland, Anne Van
Wagenen, Jean Verhoogen, and Ar- |
thur Wright.
"This is the story of my life."
So, doubtless, will several of the
newly-elected members of the Eng
lish Club preface the reading of
their "autobiographies" this evening.
The revelations will take place at
(he home of Professor Frances The
resa Russell, 534 Lasuen, when the j
club convenes at 8 o'clock tonight.
Confession of suppressed desires,
diary excerpts, and publication of
personal pet theories are anticipated,
to be expressed through styles of
literary merit.
Plans for the William Thornton
appearance on the campus, set for j
November 14, will also be discussed .
at tonight's meeting, announces j
Eleanor Carlton, publicity manager ,
for the club.
The initiation of new members is |
also scheduled. These are: Rosemary
Benet, Robert Balzer, Don Brown, j
Rosemary Evans, Frances and Eliza- '
beth Ferry, Jane Hillebrand, Mary j
Ellen Leary, Dave Mellinkofi, Frank
O'Neill, John McFarland, Anne Van
Wagenen, Jean Verhoogen, and Ar- |
thur Wright.
