# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Glenn Hartranft, '24, the most spec
tacular athlete that has come to
Stanford in many years, is almost
certain to shatter the shot distance
records.

Glenn Hartranft, '24, the most spec
tacular athlete that has come to
Stanford in many years, is almost
certain to shatter the shot distance
records.

Glenn Hartranft, '24, the most spec
tacular athlete that has come to
Stanford in many years, is almost
certain to shatter the shot distance
records.

Glenn Hartranft, '24, the most spec
tacular athlete that has come to
Stanford in many years, is almost
certain to shatter the shot distance
records.

Glenn Hartranft, '24, the most spec
tacular athlete that has come to
Stanford in many years, is almost
certain to shatter the shot distance
records.

Glenn Hartranft, '24, the most spec
tacular athlete that has come to
Stanford in many years, is almost
certain to shatter the shot distance
records.

Glenn Hartranft, '24, the most spec
tacular athlete that has come to
Stanford in many years, is almost
certain to shatter the shot distance
records.

Glenn Hartranft, '24, the most spec
tacular athlete that has come to
Stanford in many years, is almost
certain to shatter the shot distance
records.

Glenn Hartranft, '24, the most spec
tacular athlete that has come to
Stanford in many years, is almost
certain to shatter the shot distance
records.

Glenn Hartranft, '24, the most spec
tacular athlete that has come to
Stanford in many years, is almost
certain to shatter the shot distance
records.

Glenn Hartranft, '24, the most spec
tacular athlete that has come to
Stanford in many years, is almost
certain to shatter the shot distance
records.

Glenn Hartranft, '24, the most spec
tacular athlete that has come to
Stanford in many years, is almost
certain to shatter the shot distance
records.

Glenn Hartranft, '24, the most spec
tacular athlete that has come to
Stanford in many years, is almost
certain to shatter the shot distance
records.

Glenn Hartranft, '24, the most spec
tacular athlete that has come to
Stanford in many years, is almost
certain to shatter the shot distance
records.
