# HOLD EVERYTHING, BET NOTHING, SAYS KIRBY
## 
### Madison C. Kirby 
(San Francisco "Chronicle")
Even with Van Sant and Hutchison
"reported" on the injured list the Bear*
still hold an edge. The team which bene
fits by the breaks will win, and any up
sets in the pole vault and the half mile
may decide the meet before the relay.
However, my little dope sheet tells me
the relay will be the deciding factor and
the best four-man team brings home the
laurel. There's where the Stanford fight
conies in. Hold everything and bet
nothing.
(San Francisco "Chronicle")
Even with Van Sant and Hutchison
"reported" on the injured list the Bear*
still hold an edge. The team which bene
fits by the breaks will win, and any up
sets in the pole vault and the half mile
may decide the meet before the relay.
However, my little dope sheet tells me
the relay will be the deciding factor and
the best four-man team brings home the
laurel. There's where the Stanford fight
conies in. Hold everything and bet
nothing.
(San Francisco "Chronicle")
Even with Van Sant and Hutchison
"reported" on the injured list the Bear*
still hold an edge. The team which bene
fits by the breaks will win, and any up
sets in the pole vault and the half mile
may decide the meet before the relay.
However, my little dope sheet tells me
the relay will be the deciding factor and
the best four-man team brings home the
laurel. There's where the Stanford fight
conies in. Hold everything and bet
nothing.
(San Francisco "Chronicle")
Even with Van Sant and Hutchison
"reported" on the injured list the Bear*
still hold an edge. The team which bene
fits by the breaks will win, and any up
sets in the pole vault and the half mile
may decide the meet before the relay.
However, my little dope sheet tells me
the relay will be the deciding factor and
the best four-man team brings home the
laurel. There's where the Stanford fight
conies in. Hold everything and bet
nothing.
(San Francisco "Chronicle")
Even with Van Sant and Hutchison
"reported" on the injured list the Bear*
still hold an edge. The team which bene
fits by the breaks will win, and any up
sets in the pole vault and the half mile
may decide the meet before the relay.
However, my little dope sheet tells me
the relay will be the deciding factor and
the best four-man team brings home the
laurel. There's where the Stanford fight
conies in. Hold everything and bet
nothing.
(San Francisco "Chronicle")
Even with Van Sant and Hutchison
"reported" on the injured list the Bear*
still hold an edge. The team which bene
fits by the breaks will win, and any up
sets in the pole vault and the half mile
may decide the meet before the relay.
However, my little dope sheet tells me
the relay will be the deciding factor and
the best four-man team brings home the
laurel. There's where the Stanford fight
conies in. Hold everything and bet
nothing.
(San Francisco "Chronicle")
Even with Van Sant and Hutchison
"reported" on the injured list the Bear*
still hold an edge. The team which bene
fits by the breaks will win, and any up
sets in the pole vault and the half mile
may decide the meet before the relay.
However, my little dope sheet tells me
the relay will be the deciding factor and
the best four-man team brings home the
laurel. There's where the Stanford fight
conies in. Hold everything and bet
nothing.
(San Francisco "Chronicle")
Even with Van Sant and Hutchison
"reported" on the injured list the Bear*
still hold an edge. The team which bene
fits by the breaks will win, and any up
sets in the pole vault and the half mile
may decide the meet before the relay.
However, my little dope sheet tells me
the relay will be the deciding factor and
the best four-man team brings home the
laurel. There's where the Stanford fight
conies in. Hold everything and bet
nothing.
(San Francisco "Chronicle")
Even with Van Sant and Hutchison
"reported" on the injured list the Bear*
still hold an edge. The team which bene
fits by the breaks will win, and any up
sets in the pole vault and the half mile
may decide the meet before the relay.
However, my little dope sheet tells me
the relay will be the deciding factor and
the best four-man team brings home the
laurel. There's where the Stanford fight
conies in. Hold everything and bet
nothing.
(San Francisco "Chronicle")
Even with Van Sant and Hutchison
"reported" on the injured list the Bear*
still hold an edge. The team which bene
fits by the breaks will win, and any up
sets in the pole vault and the half mile
may decide the meet before the relay.
However, my little dope sheet tells me
the relay will be the deciding factor and
the best four-man team brings home the
laurel. There's where the Stanford fight
conies in. Hold everything and bet
nothing.
(San Francisco "Chronicle")
Even with Van Sant and Hutchison
"reported" on the injured list the Bear*
still hold an edge. The team which bene
fits by the breaks will win, and any up
sets in the pole vault and the half mile
may decide the meet before the relay.
However, my little dope sheet tells me
the relay will be the deciding factor and
the best four-man team brings home the
laurel. There's where the Stanford fight
conies in. Hold everything and bet
nothing.
(San Francisco "Chronicle")
Even with Van Sant and Hutchison
"reported" on the injured list the Bear*
still hold an edge. The team which bene
fits by the breaks will win, and any up
sets in the pole vault and the half mile
may decide the meet before the relay.
However, my little dope sheet tells me
the relay will be the deciding factor and
the best four-man team brings home the
laurel. There's where the Stanford fight
conies in. Hold everything and bet
nothing.
(San Francisco "Chronicle")
Even with Van Sant and Hutchison
"reported" on the injured list the Bear*
still hold an edge. The team which bene
fits by the breaks will win, and any up
sets in the pole vault and the half mile
may decide the meet before the relay.
However, my little dope sheet tells me
the relay will be the deciding factor and
the best four-man team brings home the
laurel. There's where the Stanford fight
conies in. Hold everything and bet
nothing.
(San Francisco "Chronicle")
Even with Van Sant and Hutchison
"reported" on the injured list the Bear*
still hold an edge. The team which bene
fits by the breaks will win, and any up
sets in the pole vault and the half mile
may decide the meet before the relay.
However, my little dope sheet tells me
the relay will be the deciding factor and
the best four-man team brings home the
laurel. There's where the Stanford fight
conies in. Hold everything and bet
nothing.
