# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The following seniors were
named ushers for Sunday, April
23:
William Comstock
Roland Kinney
Robert Kettenburg
Arthur Livingston
Eugene McCormick
Hugh Shomburger
Harvey Turk.
The following seniors were
named ushers for Sunday, April
23:
William Comstock
Roland Kinney
Robert Kettenburg
Arthur Livingston
Eugene McCormick
Hugh Shomburger
Harvey Turk.
The following seniors were
named ushers for Sunday, April
23:
William Comstock
Roland Kinney
Robert Kettenburg
Arthur Livingston
Eugene McCormick
Hugh Shomburger
Harvey Turk.
The following seniors were
named ushers for Sunday, April
23:
William Comstock
Roland Kinney
Robert Kettenburg
Arthur Livingston
Eugene McCormick
Hugh Shomburger
Harvey Turk.
The following seniors were
named ushers for Sunday, April
23:
William Comstock
Roland Kinney
Robert Kettenburg
Arthur Livingston
Eugene McCormick
Hugh Shomburger
Harvey Turk.
The following seniors were
named ushers for Sunday, April
23:
William Comstock
Roland Kinney
Robert Kettenburg
Arthur Livingston
Eugene McCormick
Hugh Shomburger
Harvey Turk.
The following seniors were
named ushers for Sunday, April
23:
William Comstock
Roland Kinney
Robert Kettenburg
Arthur Livingston
Eugene McCormick
Hugh Shomburger
Harvey Turk.
The following seniors were
named ushers for Sunday, April
23:
William Comstock
Roland Kinney
Robert Kettenburg
Arthur Livingston
Eugene McCormick
Hugh Shomburger
Harvey Turk.
The following seniors were
named ushers for Sunday, April
23:
William Comstock
Roland Kinney
Robert Kettenburg
Arthur Livingston
Eugene McCormick
Hugh Shomburger
Harvey Turk.
The following seniors were
named ushers for Sunday, April
23:
William Comstock
Roland Kinney
Robert Kettenburg
Arthur Livingston
Eugene McCormick
Hugh Shomburger
Harvey Turk.
The following seniors were
named ushers for Sunday, April
23:
William Comstock
Roland Kinney
Robert Kettenburg
Arthur Livingston
Eugene McCormick
Hugh Shomburger
Harvey Turk.
The following seniors were
named ushers for Sunday, April
23:
William Comstock
Roland Kinney
Robert Kettenburg
Arthur Livingston
Eugene McCormick
Hugh Shomburger
Harvey Turk.
The following seniors were
named ushers for Sunday, April
23:
William Comstock
Roland Kinney
Robert Kettenburg
Arthur Livingston
Eugene McCormick
Hugh Shomburger
Harvey Turk.
The following seniors were
named ushers for Sunday, April
23:
William Comstock
Roland Kinney
Robert Kettenburg
Arthur Livingston
Eugene McCormick
Hugh Shomburger
Harvey Turk.
