# Untitled Article
## 
### 
I can still see sixty-seven points
for Stanford, even though Howell
is sick.
Considering the bad weather the
first part of the month, the boys
are in the best of condition, and
seem to be little affected by the
strain.
Every one of them is a "come
through" man, and there will be
no disappointing performances
tomorrow. Kirksey will win both
the 100 and 220 if his leg can
stand the strain.
DAD MOULTON.
I can still see sixty-seven points
for Stanford, even though Howell
is sick.
Considering the bad weather the
first part of the month, the boys
are in the best of condition, and
seem to be little affected by the
strain.
Every one of them is a "come
through" man, and there will be
no disappointing performances
tomorrow. Kirksey will win both
the 100 and 220 if his leg can
stand the strain.
DAD MOULTON.
I can still see sixty-seven points
for Stanford, even though Howell
is sick.
Considering the bad weather the
first part of the month, the boys
are in the best of condition, and
seem to be little affected by the
strain.
Every one of them is a "come
through" man, and there will be
no disappointing performances
tomorrow. Kirksey will win both
the 100 and 220 if his leg can
stand the strain.
DAD MOULTON.
I can still see sixty-seven points
for Stanford, even though Howell
is sick.
Considering the bad weather the
first part of the month, the boys
are in the best of condition, and
seem to be little affected by the
strain.
Every one of them is a "come
through" man, and there will be
no disappointing performances
tomorrow. Kirksey will win both
the 100 and 220 if his leg can
stand the strain.
DAD MOULTON.
I can still see sixty-seven points
for Stanford, even though Howell
is sick.
Considering the bad weather the
first part of the month, the boys
are in the best of condition, and
seem to be little affected by the
strain.
Every one of them is a "come
through" man, and there will be
no disappointing performances
tomorrow. Kirksey will win both
the 100 and 220 if his leg can
stand the strain.
DAD MOULTON.
I can still see sixty-seven points
for Stanford, even though Howell
is sick.
Considering the bad weather the
first part of the month, the boys
are in the best of condition, and
seem to be little affected by the
strain.
Every one of them is a "come
through" man, and there will be
no disappointing performances
tomorrow. Kirksey will win both
the 100 and 220 if his leg can
stand the strain.
DAD MOULTON.
I can still see sixty-seven points
for Stanford, even though Howell
is sick.
Considering the bad weather the
first part of the month, the boys
are in the best of condition, and
seem to be little affected by the
strain.
Every one of them is a "come
through" man, and there will be
no disappointing performances
tomorrow. Kirksey will win both
the 100 and 220 if his leg can
stand the strain.
DAD MOULTON.
I can still see sixty-seven points
for Stanford, even though Howell
is sick.
Considering the bad weather the
first part of the month, the boys
are in the best of condition, and
seem to be little affected by the
strain.
Every one of them is a "come
through" man, and there will be
no disappointing performances
tomorrow. Kirksey will win both
the 100 and 220 if his leg can
stand the strain.
DAD MOULTON.
I can still see sixty-seven points
for Stanford, even though Howell
is sick.
Considering the bad weather the
first part of the month, the boys
are in the best of condition, and
seem to be little affected by the
strain.
Every one of them is a "come
through" man, and there will be
no disappointing performances
tomorrow. Kirksey will win both
the 100 and 220 if his leg can
stand the strain.
DAD MOULTON.
I can still see sixty-seven points
for Stanford, even though Howell
is sick.
Considering the bad weather the
first part of the month, the boys
are in the best of condition, and
seem to be little affected by the
strain.
Every one of them is a "come
through" man, and there will be
no disappointing performances
tomorrow. Kirksey will win both
the 100 and 220 if his leg can
stand the strain.
DAD MOULTON.
I can still see sixty-seven points
for Stanford, even though Howell
is sick.
Considering the bad weather the
first part of the month, the boys
are in the best of condition, and
seem to be little affected by the
strain.
Every one of them is a "come
through" man, and there will be
no disappointing performances
tomorrow. Kirksey will win both
the 100 and 220 if his leg can
stand the strain.
DAD MOULTON.
I can still see sixty-seven points
for Stanford, even though Howell
is sick.
Considering the bad weather the
first part of the month, the boys
are in the best of condition, and
seem to be little affected by the
strain.
Every one of them is a "come
through" man, and there will be
no disappointing performances
tomorrow. Kirksey will win both
the 100 and 220 if his leg can
stand the strain.
DAD MOULTON.
I can still see sixty-seven points
for Stanford, even though Howell
is sick.
Considering the bad weather the
first part of the month, the boys
are in the best of condition, and
seem to be little affected by the
strain.
Every one of them is a "come
through" man, and there will be
no disappointing performances
tomorrow. Kirksey will win both
the 100 and 220 if his leg can
stand the strain.
DAD MOULTON.
I can still see sixty-seven points
for Stanford, even though Howell
is sick.
Considering the bad weather the
first part of the month, the boys
are in the best of condition, and
seem to be little affected by the
strain.
Every one of them is a "come
through" man, and there will be
no disappointing performances
tomorrow. Kirksey will win both
the 100 and 220 if his leg can
stand the strain.
DAD MOULTON.
