# Music Department to Give Chamber Music Program
## 
### 
Choral and instrumental composi
tions will be presented by the Stan
ford Department of Music on the
first program in the Chamber Music
Series at 4 p.m. Sunday in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
The program, prepared under the
direction of Professors Sandor Salgo
and Harold C. Schmidt of the music
faculty, will be open to the public
without charge.
The Sonatina for violin and piano,
Op. 137, No. 1, by Franz Schubert
will be played by Doris Brill, viplin,
and William Armstrong, piano.
Two groups of choral chamber
works will be sung by the Stanford
Chorale directed by Professor
Schmidt.
The first group, of the Renaissance
period, will inlcude an English mad
rigal and two French chansons. The
second will consist of contemporary
selections by Vaughan Williams and
Irving Fine.
The first performance of the So
nata for oboe and clarinet (1954) by
Professor Leonard G. Ratner of the
Music Department will be given by
Turner Bledsoe, oboe, and Muriel
Benwel, clarinet. Dedicated to Bled

soe, the Sonata is one of a series
dedicated to outstanding student and
faculty performers and campus mu
sical groups.
Miss Berrnel will be soloist in the
final number on the program, the
Concerto for clarinet and orchestra,
K. 622, by Mozart. The chamber or
chestra will be conducted by Pro
fessor Salgo.
Choral and instrumental composi
tions will be presented by the Stan
ford Department of Music on the
first program in the Chamber Music
Series at 4 p.m. Sunday in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
The program, prepared under the
direction of Professors Sandor Salgo
and Harold C. Schmidt of the music
faculty, will be open to the public
without charge.
The Sonatina for violin and piano,
Op. 137, No. 1, by Franz Schubert
will be played by Doris Brill, viplin,
and William Armstrong, piano.
Two groups of choral chamber
works will be sung by the Stanford
Chorale directed by Professor
Schmidt.
The first group, of the Renaissance
period, will inlcude an English mad
rigal and two French chansons. The
second will consist of contemporary
selections by Vaughan Williams and
Irving Fine.
The first performance of the So
nata for oboe and clarinet (1954) by
Professor Leonard G. Ratner of the
Music Department will be given by
Turner Bledsoe, oboe, and Muriel
Benwel, clarinet. Dedicated to Bled

soe, the Sonata is one of a series
dedicated to outstanding student and
faculty performers and campus mu
sical groups.
Miss Berrnel will be soloist in the
final number on the program, the
Concerto for clarinet and orchestra,
K. 622, by Mozart. The chamber or
chestra will be conducted by Pro
fessor Salgo.
Choral and instrumental composi
tions will be presented by the Stan
ford Department of Music on the
first program in the Chamber Music
Series at 4 p.m. Sunday in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
The program, prepared under the
direction of Professors Sandor Salgo
and Harold C. Schmidt of the music
faculty, will be open to the public
without charge.
The Sonatina for violin and piano,
Op. 137, No. 1, by Franz Schubert
will be played by Doris Brill, viplin,
and William Armstrong, piano.
Two groups of choral chamber
works will be sung by the Stanford
Chorale directed by Professor
Schmidt.
The first group, of the Renaissance
period, will inlcude an English mad
rigal and two French chansons. The
second will consist of contemporary
selections by Vaughan Williams and
Irving Fine.
The first performance of the So
nata for oboe and clarinet (1954) by
Professor Leonard G. Ratner of the
Music Department will be given by
Turner Bledsoe, oboe, and Muriel
Benwel, clarinet. Dedicated to Bled

soe, the Sonata is one of a series
dedicated to outstanding student and
faculty performers and campus mu
sical groups.
Miss Berrnel will be soloist in the
final number on the program, the
Concerto for clarinet and orchestra,
K. 622, by Mozart. The chamber or
chestra will be conducted by Pro
fessor Salgo.
Choral and instrumental composi
tions will be presented by the Stan
ford Department of Music on the
first program in the Chamber Music
Series at 4 p.m. Sunday in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
The program, prepared under the
direction of Professors Sandor Salgo
and Harold C. Schmidt of the music
faculty, will be open to the public
without charge.
The Sonatina for violin and piano,
Op. 137, No. 1, by Franz Schubert
will be played by Doris Brill, viplin,
and William Armstrong, piano.
Two groups of choral chamber
works will be sung by the Stanford
Chorale directed by Professor
Schmidt.
The first group, of the Renaissance
period, will inlcude an English mad
rigal and two French chansons. The
second will consist of contemporary
selections by Vaughan Williams and
Irving Fine.
The first performance of the So
nata for oboe and clarinet (1954) by
Professor Leonard G. Ratner of the
Music Department will be given by
Turner Bledsoe, oboe, and Muriel
Benwel, clarinet. Dedicated to Bled

soe, the Sonata is one of a series
dedicated to outstanding student and
faculty performers and campus mu
sical groups.
Miss Berrnel will be soloist in the
final number on the program, the
Concerto for clarinet and orchestra,
K. 622, by Mozart. The chamber or
chestra will be conducted by Pro
fessor Salgo.
Choral and instrumental composi
tions will be presented by the Stan
ford Department of Music on the
first program in the Chamber Music
Series at 4 p.m. Sunday in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
The program, prepared under the
direction of Professors Sandor Salgo
and Harold C. Schmidt of the music
faculty, will be open to the public
without charge.
The Sonatina for violin and piano,
Op. 137, No. 1, by Franz Schubert
will be played by Doris Brill, viplin,
and William Armstrong, piano.
Two groups of choral chamber
works will be sung by the Stanford
Chorale directed by Professor
Schmidt.
The first group, of the Renaissance
period, will inlcude an English mad
rigal and two French chansons. The
second will consist of contemporary
selections by Vaughan Williams and
Irving Fine.
The first performance of the So
nata for oboe and clarinet (1954) by
Professor Leonard G. Ratner of the
Music Department will be given by
Turner Bledsoe, oboe, and Muriel
Benwel, clarinet. Dedicated to Bled

soe, the Sonata is one of a series
dedicated to outstanding student and
faculty performers and campus mu
sical groups.
Miss Berrnel will be soloist in the
final number on the program, the
Concerto for clarinet and orchestra,
K. 622, by Mozart. The chamber or
chestra will be conducted by Pro
fessor Salgo.
Choral and instrumental composi
tions will be presented by the Stan
ford Department of Music on the
first program in the Chamber Music
Series at 4 p.m. Sunday in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
The program, prepared under the
direction of Professors Sandor Salgo
and Harold C. Schmidt of the music
faculty, will be open to the public
without charge.
The Sonatina for violin and piano,
Op. 137, No. 1, by Franz Schubert
will be played by Doris Brill, viplin,
and William Armstrong, piano.
Two groups of choral chamber
works will be sung by the Stanford
Chorale directed by Professor
Schmidt.
The first group, of the Renaissance
period, will inlcude an English mad
rigal and two French chansons. The
second will consist of contemporary
selections by Vaughan Williams and
Irving Fine.
The first performance of the So
nata for oboe and clarinet (1954) by
Professor Leonard G. Ratner of the
Music Department will be given by
Turner Bledsoe, oboe, and Muriel
Benwel, clarinet. Dedicated to Bled

soe, the Sonata is one of a series
dedicated to outstanding student and
faculty performers and campus mu
sical groups.
Miss Berrnel will be soloist in the
final number on the program, the
Concerto for clarinet and orchestra,
K. 622, by Mozart. The chamber or
chestra will be conducted by Pro
fessor Salgo.
Choral and instrumental composi
tions will be presented by the Stan
ford Department of Music on the
first program in the Chamber Music
Series at 4 p.m. Sunday in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
The program, prepared under the
direction of Professors Sandor Salgo
and Harold C. Schmidt of the music
faculty, will be open to the public
without charge.
The Sonatina for violin and piano,
Op. 137, No. 1, by Franz Schubert
will be played by Doris Brill, viplin,
and William Armstrong, piano.
Two groups of choral chamber
works will be sung by the Stanford
Chorale directed by Professor
Schmidt.
The first group, of the Renaissance
period, will inlcude an English mad
rigal and two French chansons. The
second will consist of contemporary
selections by Vaughan Williams and
Irving Fine.
The first performance of the So
nata for oboe and clarinet (1954) by
Professor Leonard G. Ratner of the
Music Department will be given by
Turner Bledsoe, oboe, and Muriel
Benwel, clarinet. Dedicated to Bled

soe, the Sonata is one of a series
dedicated to outstanding student and
faculty performers and campus mu
sical groups.
Miss Berrnel will be soloist in the
final number on the program, the
Concerto for clarinet and orchestra,
K. 622, by Mozart. The chamber or
chestra will be conducted by Pro
fessor Salgo.
Choral and instrumental composi
tions will be presented by the Stan
ford Department of Music on the
first program in the Chamber Music
Series at 4 p.m. Sunday in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
The program, prepared under the
direction of Professors Sandor Salgo
and Harold C. Schmidt of the music
faculty, will be open to the public
without charge.
The Sonatina for violin and piano,
Op. 137, No. 1, by Franz Schubert
will be played by Doris Brill, viplin,
and William Armstrong, piano.
Two groups of choral chamber
works will be sung by the Stanford
Chorale directed by Professor
Schmidt.
The first group, of the Renaissance
period, will inlcude an English mad
rigal and two French chansons. The
second will consist of contemporary
selections by Vaughan Williams and
Irving Fine.
The first performance of the So
nata for oboe and clarinet (1954) by
Professor Leonard G. Ratner of the
Music Department will be given by
Turner Bledsoe, oboe, and Muriel
Benwel, clarinet. Dedicated to Bled

soe, the Sonata is one of a series
dedicated to outstanding student and
faculty performers and campus mu
sical groups.
Miss Berrnel will be soloist in the
final number on the program, the
Concerto for clarinet and orchestra,
K. 622, by Mozart. The chamber or
chestra will be conducted by Pro
fessor Salgo.
Choral and instrumental composi
tions will be presented by the Stan
ford Department of Music on the
first program in the Chamber Music
Series at 4 p.m. Sunday in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
The program, prepared under the
direction of Professors Sandor Salgo
and Harold C. Schmidt of the music
faculty, will be open to the public
without charge.
The Sonatina for violin and piano,
Op. 137, No. 1, by Franz Schubert
will be played by Doris Brill, viplin,
and William Armstrong, piano.
Two groups of choral chamber
works will be sung by the Stanford
Chorale directed by Professor
Schmidt.
The first group, of the Renaissance
period, will inlcude an English mad
rigal and two French chansons. The
second will consist of contemporary
selections by Vaughan Williams and
Irving Fine.
The first performance of the So
nata for oboe and clarinet (1954) by
Professor Leonard G. Ratner of the
Music Department will be given by
Turner Bledsoe, oboe, and Muriel
Benwel, clarinet. Dedicated to Bled

soe, the Sonata is one of a series
dedicated to outstanding student and
faculty performers and campus mu
sical groups.
Miss Berrnel will be soloist in the
final number on the program, the
Concerto for clarinet and orchestra,
K. 622, by Mozart. The chamber or
chestra will be conducted by Pro
fessor Salgo.
Choral and instrumental composi
tions will be presented by the Stan
ford Department of Music on the
first program in the Chamber Music
Series at 4 p.m. Sunday in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
The program, prepared under the
direction of Professors Sandor Salgo
and Harold C. Schmidt of the music
faculty, will be open to the public
without charge.
The Sonatina for violin and piano,
Op. 137, No. 1, by Franz Schubert
will be played by Doris Brill, viplin,
and William Armstrong, piano.
Two groups of choral chamber
works will be sung by the Stanford
Chorale directed by Professor
Schmidt.
The first group, of the Renaissance
period, will inlcude an English mad
rigal and two French chansons. The
second will consist of contemporary
selections by Vaughan Williams and
Irving Fine.
The first performance of the So
nata for oboe and clarinet (1954) by
Professor Leonard G. Ratner of the
Music Department will be given by
Turner Bledsoe, oboe, and Muriel
Benwel, clarinet. Dedicated to Bled

soe, the Sonata is one of a series
dedicated to outstanding student and
faculty performers and campus mu
sical groups.
Miss Berrnel will be soloist in the
final number on the program, the
Concerto for clarinet and orchestra,
K. 622, by Mozart. The chamber or
chestra will be conducted by Pro
fessor Salgo.
Choral and instrumental composi
tions will be presented by the Stan
ford Department of Music on the
first program in the Chamber Music
Series at 4 p.m. Sunday in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
The program, prepared under the
direction of Professors Sandor Salgo
and Harold C. Schmidt of the music
faculty, will be open to the public
without charge.
The Sonatina for violin and piano,
Op. 137, No. 1, by Franz Schubert
will be played by Doris Brill, viplin,
and William Armstrong, piano.
Two groups of choral chamber
works will be sung by the Stanford
Chorale directed by Professor
Schmidt.
The first group, of the Renaissance
period, will inlcude an English mad
rigal and two French chansons. The
second will consist of contemporary
selections by Vaughan Williams and
Irving Fine.
The first performance of the So
nata for oboe and clarinet (1954) by
Professor Leonard G. Ratner of the
Music Department will be given by
Turner Bledsoe, oboe, and Muriel
Benwel, clarinet. Dedicated to Bled

soe, the Sonata is one of a series
dedicated to outstanding student and
faculty performers and campus mu
sical groups.
Miss Berrnel will be soloist in the
final number on the program, the
Concerto for clarinet and orchestra,
K. 622, by Mozart. The chamber or
chestra will be conducted by Pro
fessor Salgo.
Choral and instrumental composi
tions will be presented by the Stan
ford Department of Music on the
first program in the Chamber Music
Series at 4 p.m. Sunday in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
The program, prepared under the
direction of Professors Sandor Salgo
and Harold C. Schmidt of the music
faculty, will be open to the public
without charge.
The Sonatina for violin and piano,
Op. 137, No. 1, by Franz Schubert
will be played by Doris Brill, viplin,
and William Armstrong, piano.
Two groups of choral chamber
works will be sung by the Stanford
Chorale directed by Professor
Schmidt.
The first group, of the Renaissance
period, will inlcude an English mad
rigal and two French chansons. The
second will consist of contemporary
selections by Vaughan Williams and
Irving Fine.
The first performance of the So
nata for oboe and clarinet (1954) by
Professor Leonard G. Ratner of the
Music Department will be given by
Turner Bledsoe, oboe, and Muriel
Benwel, clarinet. Dedicated to Bled

soe, the Sonata is one of a series
dedicated to outstanding student and
faculty performers and campus mu
sical groups.
Miss Berrnel will be soloist in the
final number on the program, the
Concerto for clarinet and orchestra,
K. 622, by Mozart. The chamber or
chestra will be conducted by Pro
fessor Salgo.
Choral and instrumental composi
tions will be presented by the Stan
ford Department of Music on the
first program in the Chamber Music
Series at 4 p.m. Sunday in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
The program, prepared under the
direction of Professors Sandor Salgo
and Harold C. Schmidt of the music
faculty, will be open to the public
without charge.
The Sonatina for violin and piano,
Op. 137, No. 1, by Franz Schubert
will be played by Doris Brill, viplin,
and William Armstrong, piano.
Two groups of choral chamber
works will be sung by the Stanford
Chorale directed by Professor
Schmidt.
The first group, of the Renaissance
period, will inlcude an English mad
rigal and two French chansons. The
second will consist of contemporary
selections by Vaughan Williams and
Irving Fine.
The first performance of the So
nata for oboe and clarinet (1954) by
Professor Leonard G. Ratner of the
Music Department will be given by
Turner Bledsoe, oboe, and Muriel
Benwel, clarinet. Dedicated to Bled

soe, the Sonata is one of a series
dedicated to outstanding student and
faculty performers and campus mu
sical groups.
Miss Berrnel will be soloist in the
final number on the program, the
Concerto for clarinet and orchestra,
K. 622, by Mozart. The chamber or
chestra will be conducted by Pro
fessor Salgo.
Choral and instrumental composi
tions will be presented by the Stan
ford Department of Music on the
first program in the Chamber Music
Series at 4 p.m. Sunday in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
The program, prepared under the
direction of Professors Sandor Salgo
and Harold C. Schmidt of the music
faculty, will be open to the public
without charge.
The Sonatina for violin and piano,
Op. 137, No. 1, by Franz Schubert
will be played by Doris Brill, viplin,
and William Armstrong, piano.
Two groups of choral chamber
works will be sung by the Stanford
Chorale directed by Professor
Schmidt.
The first group, of the Renaissance
period, will inlcude an English mad
rigal and two French chansons. The
second will consist of contemporary
selections by Vaughan Williams and
Irving Fine.
The first performance of the So
nata for oboe and clarinet (1954) by
Professor Leonard G. Ratner of the
Music Department will be given by
Turner Bledsoe, oboe, and Muriel
Benwel, clarinet. Dedicated to Bled

soe, the Sonata is one of a series
dedicated to outstanding student and
faculty performers and campus mu
sical groups.
Miss Berrnel will be soloist in the
final number on the program, the
Concerto for clarinet and orchestra,
K. 622, by Mozart. The chamber or
chestra will be conducted by Pro
fessor Salgo.
