# Seniors to Hold Luncheon Today
## 
### 
Though tickets will be sold at the
door, senior women are urged to
purchase ducats for today's senior
luncheon from their living group
representatives, Ruthelen List gen
eral chairman, announced today.
Tickets are 35 cents.
Today's informal buffet luncheon
will feature a spring motif, incor
porating the theme in name cards
and decorations. Julia Johnson is
in charge of decorations and ar
rangements.
Tickets may be purchased from
Virginia Kerr, A. O. Pi; Helen
Schroeder, Pi Phi; Janice Himmel
wright, Dee Gee; Mary Cowles,
Kappa; Lucy Day Bell, Theta; Pat
Smith, Gamma Phi; Yvonne Haz
lett, Chi O; Marge Howe, Tri Delt;
Jeanette Armentrout, Alphi Phi;
Jean Levy, Union; Helen Severance,
Lagunita; Frances Dekker, Klahoya;
Leila Arthur, Roble; and Ree Elia
son, Madrono. Other committee
heads are Shirley Okell, serving, and
Mary Etta Farrell, publicity.
