# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Confirmation that the Stanford
basketball varsity will trek to
Pullman, Wash., for the Pacific
Coast play-ofl's against Washing
ton State on March 14, 15. and 17
was received by The Daily late
last night. Permission for mem
bers of the squad to defer finals
was received from the faculty.
Should the Indians win the titu
lar series, they will go East to
Kansas City for the N.C.A.A.
championships the following week.
Confirmation that the Stanford
basketball varsity will trek to
Pullman, Wash., for the Pacific
Coast play-ofl's against Washing
ton State on March 14, 15. and 17
was received by The Daily late
last night. Permission for mem
bers of the squad to defer finals
was received from the faculty.
Should the Indians win the titu
lar series, they will go East to
Kansas City for the N.C.A.A.
championships the following week.
Confirmation that the Stanford
basketball varsity will trek to
Pullman, Wash., for the Pacific
Coast play-ofl's against Washing
ton State on March 14, 15. and 17
was received by The Daily late
last night. Permission for mem
bers of the squad to defer finals
was received from the faculty.
Should the Indians win the titu
lar series, they will go East to
Kansas City for the N.C.A.A.
championships the following week.
Confirmation that the Stanford
basketball varsity will trek to
Pullman, Wash., for the Pacific
Coast play-ofl's against Washing
ton State on March 14, 15. and 17
was received by The Daily late
last night. Permission for mem
bers of the squad to defer finals
was received from the faculty.
Should the Indians win the titu
lar series, they will go East to
Kansas City for the N.C.A.A.
championships the following week.
Confirmation that the Stanford
basketball varsity will trek to
Pullman, Wash., for the Pacific
Coast play-ofl's against Washing
ton State on March 14, 15. and 17
was received by The Daily late
last night. Permission for mem
bers of the squad to defer finals
was received from the faculty.
Should the Indians win the titu
lar series, they will go East to
Kansas City for the N.C.A.A.
championships the following week.
Confirmation that the Stanford
basketball varsity will trek to
Pullman, Wash., for the Pacific
Coast play-ofl's against Washing
ton State on March 14, 15. and 17
was received by The Daily late
last night. Permission for mem
bers of the squad to defer finals
was received from the faculty.
Should the Indians win the titu
lar series, they will go East to
Kansas City for the N.C.A.A.
championships the following week.
Confirmation that the Stanford
basketball varsity will trek to
Pullman, Wash., for the Pacific
Coast play-ofl's against Washing
ton State on March 14, 15. and 17
was received by The Daily late
last night. Permission for mem
bers of the squad to defer finals
was received from the faculty.
Should the Indians win the titu
lar series, they will go East to
Kansas City for the N.C.A.A.
championships the following week.
Confirmation that the Stanford
basketball varsity will trek to
Pullman, Wash., for the Pacific
Coast play-ofl's against Washing
ton State on March 14, 15. and 17
was received by The Daily late
last night. Permission for mem
bers of the squad to defer finals
was received from the faculty.
Should the Indians win the titu
lar series, they will go East to
Kansas City for the N.C.A.A.
championships the following week.
Confirmation that the Stanford
basketball varsity will trek to
Pullman, Wash., for the Pacific
Coast play-ofl's against Washing
ton State on March 14, 15. and 17
was received by The Daily late
last night. Permission for mem
bers of the squad to defer finals
was received from the faculty.
Should the Indians win the titu
lar series, they will go East to
Kansas City for the N.C.A.A.
championships the following week.
Confirmation that the Stanford
basketball varsity will trek to
Pullman, Wash., for the Pacific
Coast play-ofl's against Washing
ton State on March 14, 15. and 17
was received by The Daily late
last night. Permission for mem
bers of the squad to defer finals
was received from the faculty.
Should the Indians win the titu
lar series, they will go East to
Kansas City for the N.C.A.A.
championships the following week.
Confirmation that the Stanford
basketball varsity will trek to
Pullman, Wash., for the Pacific
Coast play-ofl's against Washing
ton State on March 14, 15. and 17
was received by The Daily late
last night. Permission for mem
bers of the squad to defer finals
was received from the faculty.
Should the Indians win the titu
lar series, they will go East to
Kansas City for the N.C.A.A.
championships the following week.
Confirmation that the Stanford
basketball varsity will trek to
Pullman, Wash., for the Pacific
Coast play-ofl's against Washing
ton State on March 14, 15. and 17
was received by The Daily late
last night. Permission for mem
bers of the squad to defer finals
was received from the faculty.
Should the Indians win the titu
lar series, they will go East to
Kansas City for the N.C.A.A.
championships the following week.
Confirmation that the Stanford
basketball varsity will trek to
Pullman, Wash., for the Pacific
Coast play-ofl's against Washing
ton State on March 14, 15. and 17
was received by The Daily late
last night. Permission for mem
bers of the squad to defer finals
was received from the faculty.
Should the Indians win the titu
lar series, they will go East to
Kansas City for the N.C.A.A.
championships the following week.
Confirmation that the Stanford
basketball varsity will trek to
Pullman, Wash., for the Pacific
Coast play-ofl's against Washing
ton State on March 14, 15. and 17
was received by The Daily late
last night. Permission for mem
bers of the squad to defer finals
was received from the faculty.
Should the Indians win the titu
lar series, they will go East to
Kansas City for the N.C.A.A.
championships the following week.
Confirmation that the Stanford
basketball varsity will trek to
Pullman, Wash., for the Pacific
Coast play-ofl's against Washing
ton State on March 14, 15. and 17
was received by The Daily late
last night. Permission for mem
bers of the squad to defer finals
was received from the faculty.
Should the Indians win the titu
lar series, they will go East to
Kansas City for the N.C.A.A.
championships the following week.
Confirmation that the Stanford
basketball varsity will trek to
Pullman, Wash., for the Pacific
Coast play-ofl's against Washing
ton State on March 14, 15. and 17
was received by The Daily late
last night. Permission for mem
bers of the squad to defer finals
was received from the faculty.
Should the Indians win the titu
lar series, they will go East to
Kansas City for the N.C.A.A.
championships the following week.
Confirmation that the Stanford
basketball varsity will trek to
Pullman, Wash., for the Pacific
Coast play-ofl's against Washing
ton State on March 14, 15. and 17
was received by The Daily late
last night. Permission for mem
bers of the squad to defer finals
was received from the faculty.
Should the Indians win the titu
lar series, they will go East to
Kansas City for the N.C.A.A.
championships the following week.
Confirmation that the Stanford
basketball varsity will trek to
Pullman, Wash., for the Pacific
Coast play-ofl's against Washing
ton State on March 14, 15. and 17
was received by The Daily late
last night. Permission for mem
bers of the squad to defer finals
was received from the faculty.
Should the Indians win the titu
lar series, they will go East to
Kansas City for the N.C.A.A.
championships the following week.
