# Cal, Card Teams To Tumble Friday
## 
### 
Stanford's tumbling teams com
posed of Joe Messina, Nick Van |
Dorn. Nick Bills, and Ross Cun
ningham will give an exhibition
with Cal's team at the half time of
Friday night's basketball game.
Besides the exhibitions of the two
teams, California's tumbling coach,
"Chuck" Keeney, former National
A.A.U. champion tumbler, will do j
some thicks, among which will be |
his famous double twisting back j
layout somersault. He is among the
few men in America who. can do :
this stunt.
California is first among the 48
states in rural electrification.
Stanford's tumbling teams com
posed of Joe Messina, Nick Van |
Dorn. Nick Bills, and Ross Cun
ningham will give an exhibition
with Cal's team at the half time of
Friday night's basketball game.
Besides the exhibitions of the two
teams, California's tumbling coach,
"Chuck" Keeney, former National
A.A.U. champion tumbler, will do j
some thicks, among which will be |
his famous double twisting back j
layout somersault. He is among the
few men in America who. can do :
this stunt.
California is first among the 48
states in rural electrification.
Stanford's tumbling teams com
posed of Joe Messina, Nick Van |
Dorn. Nick Bills, and Ross Cun
ningham will give an exhibition
with Cal's team at the half time of
Friday night's basketball game.
Besides the exhibitions of the two
teams, California's tumbling coach,
"Chuck" Keeney, former National
A.A.U. champion tumbler, will do j
some thicks, among which will be |
his famous double twisting back j
layout somersault. He is among the
few men in America who. can do :
this stunt.
California is first among the 48
states in rural electrification.
Stanford's tumbling teams com
posed of Joe Messina, Nick Van |
Dorn. Nick Bills, and Ross Cun
ningham will give an exhibition
with Cal's team at the half time of
Friday night's basketball game.
Besides the exhibitions of the two
teams, California's tumbling coach,
"Chuck" Keeney, former National
A.A.U. champion tumbler, will do j
some thicks, among which will be |
his famous double twisting back j
layout somersault. He is among the
few men in America who. can do :
this stunt.
California is first among the 48
states in rural electrification.
Stanford's tumbling teams com
posed of Joe Messina, Nick Van |
Dorn. Nick Bills, and Ross Cun
ningham will give an exhibition
with Cal's team at the half time of
Friday night's basketball game.
Besides the exhibitions of the two
teams, California's tumbling coach,
"Chuck" Keeney, former National
A.A.U. champion tumbler, will do j
some thicks, among which will be |
his famous double twisting back j
layout somersault. He is among the
few men in America who. can do :
this stunt.
California is first among the 48
states in rural electrification.
Stanford's tumbling teams com
posed of Joe Messina, Nick Van |
Dorn. Nick Bills, and Ross Cun
ningham will give an exhibition
with Cal's team at the half time of
Friday night's basketball game.
Besides the exhibitions of the two
teams, California's tumbling coach,
"Chuck" Keeney, former National
A.A.U. champion tumbler, will do j
some thicks, among which will be |
his famous double twisting back j
layout somersault. He is among the
few men in America who. can do :
this stunt.
California is first among the 48
states in rural electrification.
Stanford's tumbling teams com
posed of Joe Messina, Nick Van |
Dorn. Nick Bills, and Ross Cun
ningham will give an exhibition
with Cal's team at the half time of
Friday night's basketball game.
Besides the exhibitions of the two
teams, California's tumbling coach,
"Chuck" Keeney, former National
A.A.U. champion tumbler, will do j
some thicks, among which will be |
his famous double twisting back j
layout somersault. He is among the
few men in America who. can do :
this stunt.
California is first among the 48
states in rural electrification.
Stanford's tumbling teams com
posed of Joe Messina, Nick Van |
Dorn. Nick Bills, and Ross Cun
ningham will give an exhibition
with Cal's team at the half time of
Friday night's basketball game.
Besides the exhibitions of the two
teams, California's tumbling coach,
"Chuck" Keeney, former National
A.A.U. champion tumbler, will do j
some thicks, among which will be |
his famous double twisting back j
layout somersault. He is among the
few men in America who. can do :
this stunt.
California is first among the 48
states in rural electrification.
Stanford's tumbling teams com
posed of Joe Messina, Nick Van |
Dorn. Nick Bills, and Ross Cun
ningham will give an exhibition
with Cal's team at the half time of
Friday night's basketball game.
Besides the exhibitions of the two
teams, California's tumbling coach,
"Chuck" Keeney, former National
A.A.U. champion tumbler, will do j
some thicks, among which will be |
his famous double twisting back j
layout somersault. He is among the
few men in America who. can do :
this stunt.
California is first among the 48
states in rural electrification.
Stanford's tumbling teams com
posed of Joe Messina, Nick Van |
Dorn. Nick Bills, and Ross Cun
ningham will give an exhibition
with Cal's team at the half time of
Friday night's basketball game.
Besides the exhibitions of the two
teams, California's tumbling coach,
"Chuck" Keeney, former National
A.A.U. champion tumbler, will do j
some thicks, among which will be |
his famous double twisting back j
layout somersault. He is among the
few men in America who. can do :
this stunt.
California is first among the 48
states in rural electrification.
Stanford's tumbling teams com
posed of Joe Messina, Nick Van |
Dorn. Nick Bills, and Ross Cun
ningham will give an exhibition
with Cal's team at the half time of
Friday night's basketball game.
Besides the exhibitions of the two
teams, California's tumbling coach,
"Chuck" Keeney, former National
A.A.U. champion tumbler, will do j
some thicks, among which will be |
his famous double twisting back j
layout somersault. He is among the
few men in America who. can do :
this stunt.
California is first among the 48
states in rural electrification.
Stanford's tumbling teams com
posed of Joe Messina, Nick Van |
Dorn. Nick Bills, and Ross Cun
ningham will give an exhibition
with Cal's team at the half time of
Friday night's basketball game.
Besides the exhibitions of the two
teams, California's tumbling coach,
"Chuck" Keeney, former National
A.A.U. champion tumbler, will do j
some thicks, among which will be |
his famous double twisting back j
layout somersault. He is among the
few men in America who. can do :
this stunt.
California is first among the 48
states in rural electrification.
Stanford's tumbling teams com
posed of Joe Messina, Nick Van |
Dorn. Nick Bills, and Ross Cun
ningham will give an exhibition
with Cal's team at the half time of
Friday night's basketball game.
Besides the exhibitions of the two
teams, California's tumbling coach,
"Chuck" Keeney, former National
A.A.U. champion tumbler, will do j
some thicks, among which will be |
his famous double twisting back j
layout somersault. He is among the
few men in America who. can do :
this stunt.
California is first among the 48
states in rural electrification.
Stanford's tumbling teams com
posed of Joe Messina, Nick Van |
Dorn. Nick Bills, and Ross Cun
ningham will give an exhibition
with Cal's team at the half time of
Friday night's basketball game.
Besides the exhibitions of the two
teams, California's tumbling coach,
"Chuck" Keeney, former National
A.A.U. champion tumbler, will do j
some thicks, among which will be |
his famous double twisting back j
layout somersault. He is among the
few men in America who. can do :
this stunt.
California is first among the 48
states in rural electrification.
Stanford's tumbling teams com
posed of Joe Messina, Nick Van |
Dorn. Nick Bills, and Ross Cun
ningham will give an exhibition
with Cal's team at the half time of
Friday night's basketball game.
Besides the exhibitions of the two
teams, California's tumbling coach,
"Chuck" Keeney, former National
A.A.U. champion tumbler, will do j
some thicks, among which will be |
his famous double twisting back j
layout somersault. He is among the
few men in America who. can do :
this stunt.
California is first among the 48
states in rural electrification.
Stanford's tumbling teams com
posed of Joe Messina, Nick Van |
Dorn. Nick Bills, and Ross Cun
ningham will give an exhibition
with Cal's team at the half time of
Friday night's basketball game.
Besides the exhibitions of the two
teams, California's tumbling coach,
"Chuck" Keeney, former National
A.A.U. champion tumbler, will do j
some thicks, among which will be |
his famous double twisting back j
layout somersault. He is among the
few men in America who. can do :
this stunt.
California is first among the 48
states in rural electrification.
Stanford's tumbling teams com
posed of Joe Messina, Nick Van |
Dorn. Nick Bills, and Ross Cun
ningham will give an exhibition
with Cal's team at the half time of
Friday night's basketball game.
Besides the exhibitions of the two
teams, California's tumbling coach,
"Chuck" Keeney, former National
A.A.U. champion tumbler, will do j
some thicks, among which will be |
his famous double twisting back j
layout somersault. He is among the
few men in America who. can do :
this stunt.
California is first among the 48
states in rural electrification.
Stanford's tumbling teams com
posed of Joe Messina, Nick Van |
Dorn. Nick Bills, and Ross Cun
ningham will give an exhibition
with Cal's team at the half time of
Friday night's basketball game.
Besides the exhibitions of the two
teams, California's tumbling coach,
"Chuck" Keeney, former National
A.A.U. champion tumbler, will do j
some thicks, among which will be |
his famous double twisting back j
layout somersault. He is among the
few men in America who. can do :
this stunt.
California is first among the 48
states in rural electrification.
