# Paly Reports No New Draft Ruling
## 
### 
Until late yesterday afternoon, the
Palo Alto Draft Board No, 112 had
received no information from state
or national headquarters on a re
ported new ruling governing setting
of quotas for individual areas.
The reports carried in San Fran
cisco papers announced that the
number of draftees to be taken from
each local board would be deter
mined by the number of Class 1-A
men which that board had avail
able, which would imply that hold
ers of high numbers who had ex
pected not to be called for some
time might find their numbers com
ing up in a much shorter time.
City papers coupled this announce
ment with the announcement of
quotas for the fourth call for Cali
fornia. Inducted for their year's
ti'aining in March will be seven
thousand thirty men. However, the
secretary of the Palo Alto board
said they had received no informa
tion as to their exact quota for
March.
Until late yesterday afternoon, the
Palo Alto Draft Board No, 112 had
received no information from state
or national headquarters on a re
ported new ruling governing setting
of quotas for individual areas.
The reports carried in San Fran
cisco papers announced that the
number of draftees to be taken from
each local board would be deter
mined by the number of Class 1-A
men which that board had avail
able, which would imply that hold
ers of high numbers who had ex
pected not to be called for some
time might find their numbers com
ing up in a much shorter time.
City papers coupled this announce
ment with the announcement of
quotas for the fourth call for Cali
fornia. Inducted for their year's
ti'aining in March will be seven
thousand thirty men. However, the
secretary of the Palo Alto board
said they had received no informa
tion as to their exact quota for
March.
Until late yesterday afternoon, the
Palo Alto Draft Board No, 112 had
received no information from state
or national headquarters on a re
ported new ruling governing setting
of quotas for individual areas.
The reports carried in San Fran
cisco papers announced that the
number of draftees to be taken from
each local board would be deter
mined by the number of Class 1-A
men which that board had avail
able, which would imply that hold
ers of high numbers who had ex
pected not to be called for some
time might find their numbers com
ing up in a much shorter time.
City papers coupled this announce
ment with the announcement of
quotas for the fourth call for Cali
fornia. Inducted for their year's
ti'aining in March will be seven
thousand thirty men. However, the
secretary of the Palo Alto board
said they had received no informa
tion as to their exact quota for
March.
Until late yesterday afternoon, the
Palo Alto Draft Board No, 112 had
received no information from state
or national headquarters on a re
ported new ruling governing setting
of quotas for individual areas.
The reports carried in San Fran
cisco papers announced that the
number of draftees to be taken from
each local board would be deter
mined by the number of Class 1-A
men which that board had avail
able, which would imply that hold
ers of high numbers who had ex
pected not to be called for some
time might find their numbers com
ing up in a much shorter time.
City papers coupled this announce
ment with the announcement of
quotas for the fourth call for Cali
fornia. Inducted for their year's
ti'aining in March will be seven
thousand thirty men. However, the
secretary of the Palo Alto board
said they had received no informa
tion as to their exact quota for
March.
Until late yesterday afternoon, the
Palo Alto Draft Board No, 112 had
received no information from state
or national headquarters on a re
ported new ruling governing setting
of quotas for individual areas.
The reports carried in San Fran
cisco papers announced that the
number of draftees to be taken from
each local board would be deter
mined by the number of Class 1-A
men which that board had avail
able, which would imply that hold
ers of high numbers who had ex
pected not to be called for some
time might find their numbers com
ing up in a much shorter time.
City papers coupled this announce
ment with the announcement of
quotas for the fourth call for Cali
fornia. Inducted for their year's
ti'aining in March will be seven
thousand thirty men. However, the
secretary of the Palo Alto board
said they had received no informa
tion as to their exact quota for
March.
Until late yesterday afternoon, the
Palo Alto Draft Board No, 112 had
received no information from state
or national headquarters on a re
ported new ruling governing setting
of quotas for individual areas.
The reports carried in San Fran
cisco papers announced that the
number of draftees to be taken from
each local board would be deter
mined by the number of Class 1-A
men which that board had avail
able, which would imply that hold
ers of high numbers who had ex
pected not to be called for some
time might find their numbers com
ing up in a much shorter time.
City papers coupled this announce
ment with the announcement of
quotas for the fourth call for Cali
fornia. Inducted for their year's
ti'aining in March will be seven
thousand thirty men. However, the
secretary of the Palo Alto board
said they had received no informa
tion as to their exact quota for
March.
Until late yesterday afternoon, the
Palo Alto Draft Board No, 112 had
received no information from state
or national headquarters on a re
ported new ruling governing setting
of quotas for individual areas.
The reports carried in San Fran
cisco papers announced that the
number of draftees to be taken from
each local board would be deter
mined by the number of Class 1-A
men which that board had avail
able, which would imply that hold
ers of high numbers who had ex
pected not to be called for some
time might find their numbers com
ing up in a much shorter time.
City papers coupled this announce
ment with the announcement of
quotas for the fourth call for Cali
fornia. Inducted for their year's
ti'aining in March will be seven
thousand thirty men. However, the
secretary of the Palo Alto board
said they had received no informa
tion as to their exact quota for
March.
Until late yesterday afternoon, the
Palo Alto Draft Board No, 112 had
received no information from state
or national headquarters on a re
ported new ruling governing setting
of quotas for individual areas.
The reports carried in San Fran
cisco papers announced that the
number of draftees to be taken from
each local board would be deter
mined by the number of Class 1-A
men which that board had avail
able, which would imply that hold
ers of high numbers who had ex
pected not to be called for some
time might find their numbers com
ing up in a much shorter time.
City papers coupled this announce
ment with the announcement of
quotas for the fourth call for Cali
fornia. Inducted for their year's
ti'aining in March will be seven
thousand thirty men. However, the
secretary of the Palo Alto board
said they had received no informa
tion as to their exact quota for
March.
Until late yesterday afternoon, the
Palo Alto Draft Board No, 112 had
received no information from state
or national headquarters on a re
ported new ruling governing setting
of quotas for individual areas.
The reports carried in San Fran
cisco papers announced that the
number of draftees to be taken from
each local board would be deter
mined by the number of Class 1-A
men which that board had avail
able, which would imply that hold
ers of high numbers who had ex
pected not to be called for some
time might find their numbers com
ing up in a much shorter time.
City papers coupled this announce
ment with the announcement of
quotas for the fourth call for Cali
fornia. Inducted for their year's
ti'aining in March will be seven
thousand thirty men. However, the
secretary of the Palo Alto board
said they had received no informa
tion as to their exact quota for
March.
Until late yesterday afternoon, the
Palo Alto Draft Board No, 112 had
received no information from state
or national headquarters on a re
ported new ruling governing setting
of quotas for individual areas.
The reports carried in San Fran
cisco papers announced that the
number of draftees to be taken from
each local board would be deter
mined by the number of Class 1-A
men which that board had avail
able, which would imply that hold
ers of high numbers who had ex
pected not to be called for some
time might find their numbers com
ing up in a much shorter time.
City papers coupled this announce
ment with the announcement of
quotas for the fourth call for Cali
fornia. Inducted for their year's
ti'aining in March will be seven
thousand thirty men. However, the
secretary of the Palo Alto board
said they had received no informa
tion as to their exact quota for
March.
Until late yesterday afternoon, the
Palo Alto Draft Board No, 112 had
received no information from state
or national headquarters on a re
ported new ruling governing setting
of quotas for individual areas.
The reports carried in San Fran
cisco papers announced that the
number of draftees to be taken from
each local board would be deter
mined by the number of Class 1-A
men which that board had avail
able, which would imply that hold
ers of high numbers who had ex
pected not to be called for some
time might find their numbers com
ing up in a much shorter time.
City papers coupled this announce
ment with the announcement of
quotas for the fourth call for Cali
fornia. Inducted for their year's
ti'aining in March will be seven
thousand thirty men. However, the
secretary of the Palo Alto board
said they had received no informa
tion as to their exact quota for
March.
Until late yesterday afternoon, the
Palo Alto Draft Board No, 112 had
received no information from state
or national headquarters on a re
ported new ruling governing setting
of quotas for individual areas.
The reports carried in San Fran
cisco papers announced that the
number of draftees to be taken from
each local board would be deter
mined by the number of Class 1-A
men which that board had avail
able, which would imply that hold
ers of high numbers who had ex
pected not to be called for some
time might find their numbers com
ing up in a much shorter time.
City papers coupled this announce
ment with the announcement of
quotas for the fourth call for Cali
fornia. Inducted for their year's
ti'aining in March will be seven
thousand thirty men. However, the
secretary of the Palo Alto board
said they had received no informa
tion as to their exact quota for
March.
Until late yesterday afternoon, the
Palo Alto Draft Board No, 112 had
received no information from state
or national headquarters on a re
ported new ruling governing setting
of quotas for individual areas.
The reports carried in San Fran
cisco papers announced that the
number of draftees to be taken from
each local board would be deter
mined by the number of Class 1-A
men which that board had avail
able, which would imply that hold
ers of high numbers who had ex
pected not to be called for some
time might find their numbers com
ing up in a much shorter time.
City papers coupled this announce
ment with the announcement of
quotas for the fourth call for Cali
fornia. Inducted for their year's
ti'aining in March will be seven
thousand thirty men. However, the
secretary of the Palo Alto board
said they had received no informa
tion as to their exact quota for
March.
Until late yesterday afternoon, the
Palo Alto Draft Board No, 112 had
received no information from state
or national headquarters on a re
ported new ruling governing setting
of quotas for individual areas.
The reports carried in San Fran
cisco papers announced that the
number of draftees to be taken from
each local board would be deter
mined by the number of Class 1-A
men which that board had avail
able, which would imply that hold
ers of high numbers who had ex
pected not to be called for some
time might find their numbers com
ing up in a much shorter time.
City papers coupled this announce
ment with the announcement of
quotas for the fourth call for Cali
fornia. Inducted for their year's
ti'aining in March will be seven
thousand thirty men. However, the
secretary of the Palo Alto board
said they had received no informa
tion as to their exact quota for
March.
Until late yesterday afternoon, the
Palo Alto Draft Board No, 112 had
received no information from state
or national headquarters on a re
ported new ruling governing setting
of quotas for individual areas.
The reports carried in San Fran
cisco papers announced that the
number of draftees to be taken from
each local board would be deter
mined by the number of Class 1-A
men which that board had avail
able, which would imply that hold
ers of high numbers who had ex
pected not to be called for some
time might find their numbers com
ing up in a much shorter time.
City papers coupled this announce
ment with the announcement of
quotas for the fourth call for Cali
fornia. Inducted for their year's
ti'aining in March will be seven
thousand thirty men. However, the
secretary of the Palo Alto board
said they had received no informa
tion as to their exact quota for
March.
Until late yesterday afternoon, the
Palo Alto Draft Board No, 112 had
received no information from state
or national headquarters on a re
ported new ruling governing setting
of quotas for individual areas.
The reports carried in San Fran
cisco papers announced that the
number of draftees to be taken from
each local board would be deter
mined by the number of Class 1-A
men which that board had avail
able, which would imply that hold
ers of high numbers who had ex
pected not to be called for some
time might find their numbers com
ing up in a much shorter time.
City papers coupled this announce
ment with the announcement of
quotas for the fourth call for Cali
fornia. Inducted for their year's
ti'aining in March will be seven
thousand thirty men. However, the
secretary of the Palo Alto board
said they had received no informa
tion as to their exact quota for
March.
Until late yesterday afternoon, the
Palo Alto Draft Board No, 112 had
received no information from state
or national headquarters on a re
ported new ruling governing setting
of quotas for individual areas.
The reports carried in San Fran
cisco papers announced that the
number of draftees to be taken from
each local board would be deter
mined by the number of Class 1-A
men which that board had avail
able, which would imply that hold
ers of high numbers who had ex
pected not to be called for some
time might find their numbers com
ing up in a much shorter time.
City papers coupled this announce
ment with the announcement of
quotas for the fourth call for Cali
fornia. Inducted for their year's
ti'aining in March will be seven
thousand thirty men. However, the
secretary of the Palo Alto board
said they had received no informa
tion as to their exact quota for
March.
Until late yesterday afternoon, the
Palo Alto Draft Board No, 112 had
received no information from state
or national headquarters on a re
ported new ruling governing setting
of quotas for individual areas.
The reports carried in San Fran
cisco papers announced that the
number of draftees to be taken from
each local board would be deter
mined by the number of Class 1-A
men which that board had avail
able, which would imply that hold
ers of high numbers who had ex
pected not to be called for some
time might find their numbers com
ing up in a much shorter time.
City papers coupled this announce
ment with the announcement of
quotas for the fourth call for Cali
fornia. Inducted for their year's
ti'aining in March will be seven
thousand thirty men. However, the
secretary of the Palo Alto board
said they had received no informa
tion as to their exact quota for
March.
