# SPECIAL NOTICE.
## 
### 
Pears, bananas, apples, grapes,
canteloupes, melons, at Campus Cigar
Store.
Pears, bananas, apples, grapes,
canteloupes, melons, at Campus Cigar
Store.
Pears, bananas, apples, grapes,
canteloupes, melons, at Campus Cigar
Store.
Pears, bananas, apples, grapes,
canteloupes, melons, at Campus Cigar
Store.
Pears, bananas, apples, grapes,
canteloupes, melons, at Campus Cigar
Store.
Pears, bananas, apples, grapes,
canteloupes, melons, at Campus Cigar
Store.
Pears, bananas, apples, grapes,
canteloupes, melons, at Campus Cigar
Store.
Pears, bananas, apples, grapes,
canteloupes, melons, at Campus Cigar
Store.
Pears, bananas, apples, grapes,
canteloupes, melons, at Campus Cigar
Store.
Pears, bananas, apples, grapes,
canteloupes, melons, at Campus Cigar
Store.
Pears, bananas, apples, grapes,
canteloupes, melons, at Campus Cigar
Store.
Pears, bananas, apples, grapes,
canteloupes, melons, at Campus Cigar
Store.
Pears, bananas, apples, grapes,
canteloupes, melons, at Campus Cigar
Store.
