# Conference Election Being Planned.
## 
### 
Last year's members of the Uni
versity Conference, under the presi
dency of O. H. Castle, '14, will meet
next Thursday evening to make ar
rangements fo.r the election of new
members from the various depart
ments. A committee will be appointed
to take charge of this matter. After
the election new Council and Confer
ence officers will be chosen.
Last year's members of the Uni
versity Conference, under the presi
dency of O. H. Castle, '14, will meet
next Thursday evening to make ar
rangements fo.r the election of new
members from the various depart
ments. A committee will be appointed
to take charge of this matter. After
the election new Council and Confer
ence officers will be chosen.
Last year's members of the Uni
versity Conference, under the presi
dency of O. H. Castle, '14, will meet
next Thursday evening to make ar
rangements fo.r the election of new
members from the various depart
ments. A committee will be appointed
to take charge of this matter. After
the election new Council and Confer
ence officers will be chosen.
Last year's members of the Uni
versity Conference, under the presi
dency of O. H. Castle, '14, will meet
next Thursday evening to make ar
rangements fo.r the election of new
members from the various depart
ments. A committee will be appointed
to take charge of this matter. After
the election new Council and Confer
ence officers will be chosen.
Last year's members of the Uni
versity Conference, under the presi
dency of O. H. Castle, '14, will meet
next Thursday evening to make ar
rangements fo.r the election of new
members from the various depart
ments. A committee will be appointed
to take charge of this matter. After
the election new Council and Confer
ence officers will be chosen.
Last year's members of the Uni
versity Conference, under the presi
dency of O. H. Castle, '14, will meet
next Thursday evening to make ar
rangements fo.r the election of new
members from the various depart
ments. A committee will be appointed
to take charge of this matter. After
the election new Council and Confer
ence officers will be chosen.
Last year's members of the Uni
versity Conference, under the presi
dency of O. H. Castle, '14, will meet
next Thursday evening to make ar
rangements fo.r the election of new
members from the various depart
ments. A committee will be appointed
to take charge of this matter. After
the election new Council and Confer
ence officers will be chosen.
Last year's members of the Uni
versity Conference, under the presi
dency of O. H. Castle, '14, will meet
next Thursday evening to make ar
rangements fo.r the election of new
members from the various depart
ments. A committee will be appointed
to take charge of this matter. After
the election new Council and Confer
ence officers will be chosen.
Last year's members of the Uni
versity Conference, under the presi
dency of O. H. Castle, '14, will meet
next Thursday evening to make ar
rangements fo.r the election of new
members from the various depart
ments. A committee will be appointed
to take charge of this matter. After
the election new Council and Confer
ence officers will be chosen.
Last year's members of the Uni
versity Conference, under the presi
dency of O. H. Castle, '14, will meet
next Thursday evening to make ar
rangements fo.r the election of new
members from the various depart
ments. A committee will be appointed
to take charge of this matter. After
the election new Council and Confer
ence officers will be chosen.
Last year's members of the Uni
versity Conference, under the presi
dency of O. H. Castle, '14, will meet
next Thursday evening to make ar
rangements fo.r the election of new
members from the various depart
ments. A committee will be appointed
to take charge of this matter. After
the election new Council and Confer
ence officers will be chosen.
Last year's members of the Uni
versity Conference, under the presi
dency of O. H. Castle, '14, will meet
next Thursday evening to make ar
rangements fo.r the election of new
members from the various depart
ments. A committee will be appointed
to take charge of this matter. After
the election new Council and Confer
ence officers will be chosen.
Last year's members of the Uni
versity Conference, under the presi
dency of O. H. Castle, '14, will meet
next Thursday evening to make ar
rangements fo.r the election of new
members from the various depart
ments. A committee will be appointed
to take charge of this matter. After
the election new Council and Confer
ence officers will be chosen.
