# THE 						SAUCE BOX
## A 						GENTLEMEN'S AGREEMENT. 
### 
The rising curtain reveals a campus
set with green lawns and brown stone
buildings. Under a palm tree lie
Public Opinion, asleep, and Indigna
tion awake. Indignation suddenly
rises. He is stalwart, yet bashful,
lie speaks and dining his monologue
points an accusing linger at various
persons in the audience
I am Indignation. I rise to accuse,
to condemn, to offer sympathy. You
there, the sophomores who forgot
faith and honor and broke from the
morgue in yesterday's rush, —you T
accuse of showing yellow where you
should have shown red. You, the up
perelassmen who taught the faithless
scrubs a valuable lesson, you I re
spect. Hut I rejoice that such unre
strained exhibitions of animal ven
geance are by tradition allotted to
underclass demons. You, the fresh
men who broke pledges I overlook,
but ignoranee is no excuse. You
there, the sophomore who waved a
smear of ochre in Eneina's halls
when waylaid and beset by excited
freshmen, you I accuse of holding a
dangerously poisonous spirit in your
veins. Freshmen women, poor dears,

who are subjected to the rules, regu
lations, and commandments of Pan-
Hellenic, to you 1 extend heartfelt
sympathy.
Public Opinion (awakens, arises
slowly and shakos hands with Indig
nation).
The rising curtain reveals a campus
set with green lawns and brown stone
buildings. Under a palm tree lie
Public Opinion, asleep, and Indigna
tion awake. Indignation suddenly
rises. He is stalwart, yet bashful,
lie speaks and dining his monologue
points an accusing linger at various
persons in the audience
I am Indignation. I rise to accuse,
to condemn, to offer sympathy. You
there, the sophomores who forgot
faith and honor and broke from the
morgue in yesterday's rush, —you T
accuse of showing yellow where you
should have shown red. You, the up
perelassmen who taught the faithless
scrubs a valuable lesson, you I re
spect. Hut I rejoice that such unre
strained exhibitions of animal ven
geance are by tradition allotted to
underclass demons. You, the fresh
men who broke pledges I overlook,
but ignoranee is no excuse. You
there, the sophomore who waved a
smear of ochre in Eneina's halls
when waylaid and beset by excited
freshmen, you I accuse of holding a
dangerously poisonous spirit in your
veins. Freshmen women, poor dears,

who are subjected to the rules, regu
lations, and commandments of Pan-
Hellenic, to you 1 extend heartfelt
sympathy.
Public Opinion (awakens, arises
slowly and shakos hands with Indig
nation).
The rising curtain reveals a campus
set with green lawns and brown stone
buildings. Under a palm tree lie
Public Opinion, asleep, and Indigna
tion awake. Indignation suddenly
rises. He is stalwart, yet bashful,
lie speaks and dining his monologue
points an accusing linger at various
persons in the audience
I am Indignation. I rise to accuse,
to condemn, to offer sympathy. You
there, the sophomores who forgot
faith and honor and broke from the
morgue in yesterday's rush, —you T
accuse of showing yellow where you
should have shown red. You, the up
perelassmen who taught the faithless
scrubs a valuable lesson, you I re
spect. Hut I rejoice that such unre
strained exhibitions of animal ven
geance are by tradition allotted to
underclass demons. You, the fresh
men who broke pledges I overlook,
but ignoranee is no excuse. You
there, the sophomore who waved a
smear of ochre in Eneina's halls
when waylaid and beset by excited
freshmen, you I accuse of holding a
dangerously poisonous spirit in your
veins. Freshmen women, poor dears,

who are subjected to the rules, regu
lations, and commandments of Pan-
Hellenic, to you 1 extend heartfelt
sympathy.
Public Opinion (awakens, arises
slowly and shakos hands with Indig
nation).
The rising curtain reveals a campus
set with green lawns and brown stone
buildings. Under a palm tree lie
Public Opinion, asleep, and Indigna
tion awake. Indignation suddenly
rises. He is stalwart, yet bashful,
lie speaks and dining his monologue
points an accusing linger at various
persons in the audience
I am Indignation. I rise to accuse,
to condemn, to offer sympathy. You
there, the sophomores who forgot
faith and honor and broke from the
morgue in yesterday's rush, —you T
accuse of showing yellow where you
should have shown red. You, the up
perelassmen who taught the faithless
scrubs a valuable lesson, you I re
spect. Hut I rejoice that such unre
strained exhibitions of animal ven
geance are by tradition allotted to
underclass demons. You, the fresh
men who broke pledges I overlook,
but ignoranee is no excuse. You
there, the sophomore who waved a
smear of ochre in Eneina's halls
when waylaid and beset by excited
freshmen, you I accuse of holding a
dangerously poisonous spirit in your
veins. Freshmen women, poor dears,

who are subjected to the rules, regu
lations, and commandments of Pan-
Hellenic, to you 1 extend heartfelt
sympathy.
Public Opinion (awakens, arises
slowly and shakos hands with Indig
nation).
The rising curtain reveals a campus
set with green lawns and brown stone
buildings. Under a palm tree lie
Public Opinion, asleep, and Indigna
tion awake. Indignation suddenly
rises. He is stalwart, yet bashful,
lie speaks and dining his monologue
points an accusing linger at various
persons in the audience
I am Indignation. I rise to accuse,
to condemn, to offer sympathy. You
there, the sophomores who forgot
faith and honor and broke from the
morgue in yesterday's rush, —you T
accuse of showing yellow where you
should have shown red. You, the up
perelassmen who taught the faithless
scrubs a valuable lesson, you I re
spect. Hut I rejoice that such unre
strained exhibitions of animal ven
geance are by tradition allotted to
underclass demons. You, the fresh
men who broke pledges I overlook,
but ignoranee is no excuse. You
there, the sophomore who waved a
smear of ochre in Eneina's halls
when waylaid and beset by excited
freshmen, you I accuse of holding a
dangerously poisonous spirit in your
veins. Freshmen women, poor dears,

who are subjected to the rules, regu
lations, and commandments of Pan-
Hellenic, to you 1 extend heartfelt
sympathy.
Public Opinion (awakens, arises
slowly and shakos hands with Indig
nation).
The rising curtain reveals a campus
set with green lawns and brown stone
buildings. Under a palm tree lie
Public Opinion, asleep, and Indigna
tion awake. Indignation suddenly
rises. He is stalwart, yet bashful,
lie speaks and dining his monologue
points an accusing linger at various
persons in the audience
I am Indignation. I rise to accuse,
to condemn, to offer sympathy. You
there, the sophomores who forgot
faith and honor and broke from the
morgue in yesterday's rush, —you T
accuse of showing yellow where you
should have shown red. You, the up
perelassmen who taught the faithless
scrubs a valuable lesson, you I re
spect. Hut I rejoice that such unre
strained exhibitions of animal ven
geance are by tradition allotted to
underclass demons. You, the fresh
men who broke pledges I overlook,
but ignoranee is no excuse. You
there, the sophomore who waved a
smear of ochre in Eneina's halls
when waylaid and beset by excited
freshmen, you I accuse of holding a
dangerously poisonous spirit in your
veins. Freshmen women, poor dears,

who are subjected to the rules, regu
lations, and commandments of Pan-
Hellenic, to you 1 extend heartfelt
sympathy.
Public Opinion (awakens, arises
slowly and shakos hands with Indig
nation).
The rising curtain reveals a campus
set with green lawns and brown stone
buildings. Under a palm tree lie
Public Opinion, asleep, and Indigna
tion awake. Indignation suddenly
rises. He is stalwart, yet bashful,
lie speaks and dining his monologue
points an accusing linger at various
persons in the audience
I am Indignation. I rise to accuse,
to condemn, to offer sympathy. You
there, the sophomores who forgot
faith and honor and broke from the
morgue in yesterday's rush, —you T
accuse of showing yellow where you
should have shown red. You, the up
perelassmen who taught the faithless
scrubs a valuable lesson, you I re
spect. Hut I rejoice that such unre
strained exhibitions of animal ven
geance are by tradition allotted to
underclass demons. You, the fresh
men who broke pledges I overlook,
but ignoranee is no excuse. You
there, the sophomore who waved a
smear of ochre in Eneina's halls
when waylaid and beset by excited
freshmen, you I accuse of holding a
dangerously poisonous spirit in your
veins. Freshmen women, poor dears,

who are subjected to the rules, regu
lations, and commandments of Pan-
Hellenic, to you 1 extend heartfelt
sympathy.
Public Opinion (awakens, arises
slowly and shakos hands with Indig
nation).
The rising curtain reveals a campus
set with green lawns and brown stone
buildings. Under a palm tree lie
Public Opinion, asleep, and Indigna
tion awake. Indignation suddenly
rises. He is stalwart, yet bashful,
lie speaks and dining his monologue
points an accusing linger at various
persons in the audience
I am Indignation. I rise to accuse,
to condemn, to offer sympathy. You
there, the sophomores who forgot
faith and honor and broke from the
morgue in yesterday's rush, —you T
accuse of showing yellow where you
should have shown red. You, the up
perelassmen who taught the faithless
scrubs a valuable lesson, you I re
spect. Hut I rejoice that such unre
strained exhibitions of animal ven
geance are by tradition allotted to
underclass demons. You, the fresh
men who broke pledges I overlook,
but ignoranee is no excuse. You
there, the sophomore who waved a
smear of ochre in Eneina's halls
when waylaid and beset by excited
freshmen, you I accuse of holding a
dangerously poisonous spirit in your
veins. Freshmen women, poor dears,

who are subjected to the rules, regu
lations, and commandments of Pan-
Hellenic, to you 1 extend heartfelt
sympathy.
Public Opinion (awakens, arises
slowly and shakos hands with Indig
nation).
The rising curtain reveals a campus
set with green lawns and brown stone
buildings. Under a palm tree lie
Public Opinion, asleep, and Indigna
tion awake. Indignation suddenly
rises. He is stalwart, yet bashful,
lie speaks and dining his monologue
points an accusing linger at various
persons in the audience
I am Indignation. I rise to accuse,
to condemn, to offer sympathy. You
there, the sophomores who forgot
faith and honor and broke from the
morgue in yesterday's rush, —you T
accuse of showing yellow where you
should have shown red. You, the up
perelassmen who taught the faithless
scrubs a valuable lesson, you I re
spect. Hut I rejoice that such unre
strained exhibitions of animal ven
geance are by tradition allotted to
underclass demons. You, the fresh
men who broke pledges I overlook,
but ignoranee is no excuse. You
there, the sophomore who waved a
smear of ochre in Eneina's halls
when waylaid and beset by excited
freshmen, you I accuse of holding a
dangerously poisonous spirit in your
veins. Freshmen women, poor dears,

who are subjected to the rules, regu
lations, and commandments of Pan-
Hellenic, to you 1 extend heartfelt
sympathy.
Public Opinion (awakens, arises
slowly and shakos hands with Indig
nation).
The rising curtain reveals a campus
set with green lawns and brown stone
buildings. Under a palm tree lie
Public Opinion, asleep, and Indigna
tion awake. Indignation suddenly
rises. He is stalwart, yet bashful,
lie speaks and dining his monologue
points an accusing linger at various
persons in the audience
I am Indignation. I rise to accuse,
to condemn, to offer sympathy. You
there, the sophomores who forgot
faith and honor and broke from the
morgue in yesterday's rush, —you T
accuse of showing yellow where you
should have shown red. You, the up
perelassmen who taught the faithless
scrubs a valuable lesson, you I re
spect. Hut I rejoice that such unre
strained exhibitions of animal ven
geance are by tradition allotted to
underclass demons. You, the fresh
men who broke pledges I overlook,
but ignoranee is no excuse. You
there, the sophomore who waved a
smear of ochre in Eneina's halls
when waylaid and beset by excited
freshmen, you I accuse of holding a
dangerously poisonous spirit in your
veins. Freshmen women, poor dears,

who are subjected to the rules, regu
lations, and commandments of Pan-
Hellenic, to you 1 extend heartfelt
sympathy.
Public Opinion (awakens, arises
slowly and shakos hands with Indig
nation).
The rising curtain reveals a campus
set with green lawns and brown stone
buildings. Under a palm tree lie
Public Opinion, asleep, and Indigna
tion awake. Indignation suddenly
rises. He is stalwart, yet bashful,
lie speaks and dining his monologue
points an accusing linger at various
persons in the audience
I am Indignation. I rise to accuse,
to condemn, to offer sympathy. You
there, the sophomores who forgot
faith and honor and broke from the
morgue in yesterday's rush, —you T
accuse of showing yellow where you
should have shown red. You, the up
perelassmen who taught the faithless
scrubs a valuable lesson, you I re
spect. Hut I rejoice that such unre
strained exhibitions of animal ven
geance are by tradition allotted to
underclass demons. You, the fresh
men who broke pledges I overlook,
but ignoranee is no excuse. You
there, the sophomore who waved a
smear of ochre in Eneina's halls
when waylaid and beset by excited
freshmen, you I accuse of holding a
dangerously poisonous spirit in your
veins. Freshmen women, poor dears,

who are subjected to the rules, regu
lations, and commandments of Pan-
Hellenic, to you 1 extend heartfelt
sympathy.
Public Opinion (awakens, arises
slowly and shakos hands with Indig
nation).
The rising curtain reveals a campus
set with green lawns and brown stone
buildings. Under a palm tree lie
Public Opinion, asleep, and Indigna
tion awake. Indignation suddenly
rises. He is stalwart, yet bashful,
lie speaks and dining his monologue
points an accusing linger at various
persons in the audience
I am Indignation. I rise to accuse,
to condemn, to offer sympathy. You
there, the sophomores who forgot
faith and honor and broke from the
morgue in yesterday's rush, —you T
accuse of showing yellow where you
should have shown red. You, the up
perelassmen who taught the faithless
scrubs a valuable lesson, you I re
spect. Hut I rejoice that such unre
strained exhibitions of animal ven
geance are by tradition allotted to
underclass demons. You, the fresh
men who broke pledges I overlook,
but ignoranee is no excuse. You
there, the sophomore who waved a
smear of ochre in Eneina's halls
when waylaid and beset by excited
freshmen, you I accuse of holding a
dangerously poisonous spirit in your
veins. Freshmen women, poor dears,

who are subjected to the rules, regu
lations, and commandments of Pan-
Hellenic, to you 1 extend heartfelt
sympathy.
Public Opinion (awakens, arises
slowly and shakos hands with Indig
nation).
The rising curtain reveals a campus
set with green lawns and brown stone
buildings. Under a palm tree lie
Public Opinion, asleep, and Indigna
tion awake. Indignation suddenly
rises. He is stalwart, yet bashful,
lie speaks and dining his monologue
points an accusing linger at various
persons in the audience
I am Indignation. I rise to accuse,
to condemn, to offer sympathy. You
there, the sophomores who forgot
faith and honor and broke from the
morgue in yesterday's rush, —you T
accuse of showing yellow where you
should have shown red. You, the up
perelassmen who taught the faithless
scrubs a valuable lesson, you I re
spect. Hut I rejoice that such unre
strained exhibitions of animal ven
geance are by tradition allotted to
underclass demons. You, the fresh
men who broke pledges I overlook,
but ignoranee is no excuse. You
there, the sophomore who waved a
smear of ochre in Eneina's halls
when waylaid and beset by excited
freshmen, you I accuse of holding a
dangerously poisonous spirit in your
veins. Freshmen women, poor dears,

who are subjected to the rules, regu
lations, and commandments of Pan-
Hellenic, to you 1 extend heartfelt
sympathy.
Public Opinion (awakens, arises
slowly and shakos hands with Indig
nation).
