# Registration Largest on Record
## 
### 
This year's registration is the
largest in the history of the Univer
sity, according to Assistant Registrar
J. E. McDowell, who today announced
that up to last night 1892 stud?nts
bad registered for the coming semes
ter. This is 123 more than had en
rolled at the same time last year,
when the figures read 1769. Of this
total, 630 are freshmen o.r other new
students and 1,262 are students who
have already matriculated at Stanford.
This year's registration is the
largest in the history of the Univer
sity, according to Assistant Registrar
J. E. McDowell, who today announced
that up to last night 1892 stud?nts
bad registered for the coming semes
ter. This is 123 more than had en
rolled at the same time last year,
when the figures read 1769. Of this
total, 630 are freshmen o.r other new
students and 1,262 are students who
have already matriculated at Stanford.
This year's registration is the
largest in the history of the Univer
sity, according to Assistant Registrar
J. E. McDowell, who today announced
that up to last night 1892 stud?nts
bad registered for the coming semes
ter. This is 123 more than had en
rolled at the same time last year,
when the figures read 1769. Of this
total, 630 are freshmen o.r other new
students and 1,262 are students who
have already matriculated at Stanford.
This year's registration is the
largest in the history of the Univer
sity, according to Assistant Registrar
J. E. McDowell, who today announced
that up to last night 1892 stud?nts
bad registered for the coming semes
ter. This is 123 more than had en
rolled at the same time last year,
when the figures read 1769. Of this
total, 630 are freshmen o.r other new
students and 1,262 are students who
have already matriculated at Stanford.
This year's registration is the
largest in the history of the Univer
sity, according to Assistant Registrar
J. E. McDowell, who today announced
that up to last night 1892 stud?nts
bad registered for the coming semes
ter. This is 123 more than had en
rolled at the same time last year,
when the figures read 1769. Of this
total, 630 are freshmen o.r other new
students and 1,262 are students who
have already matriculated at Stanford.
This year's registration is the
largest in the history of the Univer
sity, according to Assistant Registrar
J. E. McDowell, who today announced
that up to last night 1892 stud?nts
bad registered for the coming semes
ter. This is 123 more than had en
rolled at the same time last year,
when the figures read 1769. Of this
total, 630 are freshmen o.r other new
students and 1,262 are students who
have already matriculated at Stanford.
This year's registration is the
largest in the history of the Univer
sity, according to Assistant Registrar
J. E. McDowell, who today announced
that up to last night 1892 stud?nts
bad registered for the coming semes
ter. This is 123 more than had en
rolled at the same time last year,
when the figures read 1769. Of this
total, 630 are freshmen o.r other new
students and 1,262 are students who
have already matriculated at Stanford.
This year's registration is the
largest in the history of the Univer
sity, according to Assistant Registrar
J. E. McDowell, who today announced
that up to last night 1892 stud?nts
bad registered for the coming semes
ter. This is 123 more than had en
rolled at the same time last year,
when the figures read 1769. Of this
total, 630 are freshmen o.r other new
students and 1,262 are students who
have already matriculated at Stanford.
This year's registration is the
largest in the history of the Univer
sity, according to Assistant Registrar
J. E. McDowell, who today announced
that up to last night 1892 stud?nts
bad registered for the coming semes
ter. This is 123 more than had en
rolled at the same time last year,
when the figures read 1769. Of this
total, 630 are freshmen o.r other new
students and 1,262 are students who
have already matriculated at Stanford.
This year's registration is the
largest in the history of the Univer
sity, according to Assistant Registrar
J. E. McDowell, who today announced
that up to last night 1892 stud?nts
bad registered for the coming semes
ter. This is 123 more than had en
rolled at the same time last year,
when the figures read 1769. Of this
total, 630 are freshmen o.r other new
students and 1,262 are students who
have already matriculated at Stanford.
This year's registration is the
largest in the history of the Univer
sity, according to Assistant Registrar
J. E. McDowell, who today announced
that up to last night 1892 stud?nts
bad registered for the coming semes
ter. This is 123 more than had en
rolled at the same time last year,
when the figures read 1769. Of this
total, 630 are freshmen o.r other new
students and 1,262 are students who
have already matriculated at Stanford.
This year's registration is the
largest in the history of the Univer
sity, according to Assistant Registrar
J. E. McDowell, who today announced
that up to last night 1892 stud?nts
bad registered for the coming semes
ter. This is 123 more than had en
rolled at the same time last year,
when the figures read 1769. Of this
total, 630 are freshmen o.r other new
students and 1,262 are students who
have already matriculated at Stanford.
This year's registration is the
largest in the history of the Univer
sity, according to Assistant Registrar
J. E. McDowell, who today announced
that up to last night 1892 stud?nts
bad registered for the coming semes
ter. This is 123 more than had en
rolled at the same time last year,
when the figures read 1769. Of this
total, 630 are freshmen o.r other new
students and 1,262 are students who
have already matriculated at Stanford.
