# Need Any Help?
## 
### 
One hundred students of Stanford
University are seeking employment in
order to work their way through col
lege this semester itnd unless a rad
ical change is made immediately in
the local situation five score deserving
students will be compelled to aban
don hope of registering at Stanford
this year. The Y. M. C. A. Employ
ment Bureau attributes the lack of
available positions to the fact that
oriental and "outside" help is em
ployed on the Stanford campus, in
Palo Alto, Mayfield, and other near
by towns in many instances where
student help is not only equally pos
sible, but more desirable as well.
Whether this situation is due to a
misunderstanding upon the part of
local employers in .regard to student
conditions and whether it will be im
proved when the facts are made
known remains to be seen. Students
who are ready and willing to do any
kind of work from stenography to
gardening deserve encouragement
and unless immediate action is taken
in their behalf the short-sighted pol
icy of many local employers and busi
ness houses will be the cause of un
necessary discouragement and suf
fering.
