# FIRE QUENCHED
## 
### 
A "ten-minute" grass fire on Es
condido Road was put out by the
Stanford Fire Department at 5 p.m.
yesterday. The department report
ed no casualties.
A "ten-minute" grass fire on Es
condido Road was put out by the
Stanford Fire Department at 5 p.m.
yesterday. The department report
ed no casualties.
A "ten-minute" grass fire on Es
condido Road was put out by the
Stanford Fire Department at 5 p.m.
yesterday. The department report
ed no casualties.
A "ten-minute" grass fire on Es
condido Road was put out by the
Stanford Fire Department at 5 p.m.
yesterday. The department report
ed no casualties.
A "ten-minute" grass fire on Es
condido Road was put out by the
Stanford Fire Department at 5 p.m.
yesterday. The department report
ed no casualties.
A "ten-minute" grass fire on Es
condido Road was put out by the
Stanford Fire Department at 5 p.m.
yesterday. The department report
ed no casualties.
A "ten-minute" grass fire on Es
condido Road was put out by the
Stanford Fire Department at 5 p.m.
yesterday. The department report
ed no casualties.
A "ten-minute" grass fire on Es
condido Road was put out by the
Stanford Fire Department at 5 p.m.
yesterday. The department report
ed no casualties.
A "ten-minute" grass fire on Es
condido Road was put out by the
Stanford Fire Department at 5 p.m.
yesterday. The department report
ed no casualties.
A "ten-minute" grass fire on Es
condido Road was put out by the
Stanford Fire Department at 5 p.m.
yesterday. The department report
ed no casualties.
A "ten-minute" grass fire on Es
condido Road was put out by the
Stanford Fire Department at 5 p.m.
yesterday. The department report
ed no casualties.
A "ten-minute" grass fire on Es
condido Road was put out by the
Stanford Fire Department at 5 p.m.
yesterday. The department report
ed no casualties.
A "ten-minute" grass fire on Es
condido Road was put out by the
Stanford Fire Department at 5 p.m.
yesterday. The department report
ed no casualties.
A "ten-minute" grass fire on Es
condido Road was put out by the
Stanford Fire Department at 5 p.m.
yesterday. The department report
ed no casualties.
A "ten-minute" grass fire on Es
condido Road was put out by the
Stanford Fire Department at 5 p.m.
yesterday. The department report
ed no casualties.
