# Roche Bests Topp In Tacoma Play
## 
### 
TACOMA, Wash., July 8 (UP).—
Eight California players survived
opening and second round singles
and doubles competition as the six
day Pacific Northwest open and sec
tional tennis championships opened
at the Tacoma Lawn Tennis Club
today.
Harry Roche, San Francisco star,
had an easy time disposing of Rupe
Topp, Seattle, G-2, 6-0, in men's
singles.
TACOMA, Wash., July 8 (UP).—
Eight California players survived
opening and second round singles
and doubles competition as the six
day Pacific Northwest open and sec
tional tennis championships opened
at the Tacoma Lawn Tennis Club
today.
Harry Roche, San Francisco star,
had an easy time disposing of Rupe
Topp, Seattle, G-2, 6-0, in men's
singles.
TACOMA, Wash., July 8 (UP).—
Eight California players survived
opening and second round singles
and doubles competition as the six
day Pacific Northwest open and sec
tional tennis championships opened
at the Tacoma Lawn Tennis Club
today.
Harry Roche, San Francisco star,
had an easy time disposing of Rupe
Topp, Seattle, G-2, 6-0, in men's
singles.
TACOMA, Wash., July 8 (UP).—
Eight California players survived
opening and second round singles
and doubles competition as the six
day Pacific Northwest open and sec
tional tennis championships opened
at the Tacoma Lawn Tennis Club
today.
Harry Roche, San Francisco star,
had an easy time disposing of Rupe
Topp, Seattle, G-2, 6-0, in men's
singles.
TACOMA, Wash., July 8 (UP).—
Eight California players survived
opening and second round singles
and doubles competition as the six
day Pacific Northwest open and sec
tional tennis championships opened
at the Tacoma Lawn Tennis Club
today.
Harry Roche, San Francisco star,
had an easy time disposing of Rupe
Topp, Seattle, G-2, 6-0, in men's
singles.
TACOMA, Wash., July 8 (UP).—
Eight California players survived
opening and second round singles
and doubles competition as the six
day Pacific Northwest open and sec
tional tennis championships opened
at the Tacoma Lawn Tennis Club
today.
Harry Roche, San Francisco star,
had an easy time disposing of Rupe
Topp, Seattle, G-2, 6-0, in men's
singles.
TACOMA, Wash., July 8 (UP).—
Eight California players survived
opening and second round singles
and doubles competition as the six
day Pacific Northwest open and sec
tional tennis championships opened
at the Tacoma Lawn Tennis Club
today.
Harry Roche, San Francisco star,
had an easy time disposing of Rupe
Topp, Seattle, G-2, 6-0, in men's
singles.
TACOMA, Wash., July 8 (UP).—
Eight California players survived
opening and second round singles
and doubles competition as the six
day Pacific Northwest open and sec
tional tennis championships opened
at the Tacoma Lawn Tennis Club
today.
Harry Roche, San Francisco star,
had an easy time disposing of Rupe
Topp, Seattle, G-2, 6-0, in men's
singles.
TACOMA, Wash., July 8 (UP).—
Eight California players survived
opening and second round singles
and doubles competition as the six
day Pacific Northwest open and sec
tional tennis championships opened
at the Tacoma Lawn Tennis Club
today.
Harry Roche, San Francisco star,
had an easy time disposing of Rupe
Topp, Seattle, G-2, 6-0, in men's
singles.
TACOMA, Wash., July 8 (UP).—
Eight California players survived
opening and second round singles
and doubles competition as the six
day Pacific Northwest open and sec
tional tennis championships opened
at the Tacoma Lawn Tennis Club
today.
Harry Roche, San Francisco star,
had an easy time disposing of Rupe
Topp, Seattle, G-2, 6-0, in men's
singles.
TACOMA, Wash., July 8 (UP).—
Eight California players survived
opening and second round singles
and doubles competition as the six
day Pacific Northwest open and sec
tional tennis championships opened
at the Tacoma Lawn Tennis Club
today.
Harry Roche, San Francisco star,
had an easy time disposing of Rupe
Topp, Seattle, G-2, 6-0, in men's
singles.
TACOMA, Wash., July 8 (UP).—
Eight California players survived
opening and second round singles
and doubles competition as the six
day Pacific Northwest open and sec
tional tennis championships opened
at the Tacoma Lawn Tennis Club
today.
Harry Roche, San Francisco star,
had an easy time disposing of Rupe
Topp, Seattle, G-2, 6-0, in men's
singles.
TACOMA, Wash., July 8 (UP).—
Eight California players survived
opening and second round singles
and doubles competition as the six
day Pacific Northwest open and sec
tional tennis championships opened
at the Tacoma Lawn Tennis Club
today.
Harry Roche, San Francisco star,
had an easy time disposing of Rupe
Topp, Seattle, G-2, 6-0, in men's
singles.
TACOMA, Wash., July 8 (UP).—
Eight California players survived
opening and second round singles
and doubles competition as the six
day Pacific Northwest open and sec
tional tennis championships opened
at the Tacoma Lawn Tennis Club
today.
Harry Roche, San Francisco star,
had an easy time disposing of Rupe
Topp, Seattle, G-2, 6-0, in men's
singles.
TACOMA, Wash., July 8 (UP).—
Eight California players survived
opening and second round singles
and doubles competition as the six
day Pacific Northwest open and sec
tional tennis championships opened
at the Tacoma Lawn Tennis Club
today.
Harry Roche, San Francisco star,
had an easy time disposing of Rupe
Topp, Seattle, G-2, 6-0, in men's
singles.
