# VILLAGE GROCERY
## 
### 
The Village grocery store will be
opened Monday, July 21, Dwight B.
Adams, director, announced yester
day.
The meat market has been in op
eration since July 3. Both shops
are located in the south end of the
unused dining hall, Building 300.
The Village grocery store will be
opened Monday, July 21, Dwight B.
Adams, director, announced yester
day.
The meat market has been in op
eration since July 3. Both shops
are located in the south end of the
unused dining hall, Building 300.
The Village grocery store will be
opened Monday, July 21, Dwight B.
Adams, director, announced yester
day.
The meat market has been in op
eration since July 3. Both shops
are located in the south end of the
unused dining hall, Building 300.
The Village grocery store will be
opened Monday, July 21, Dwight B.
Adams, director, announced yester
day.
The meat market has been in op
eration since July 3. Both shops
are located in the south end of the
unused dining hall, Building 300.
The Village grocery store will be
opened Monday, July 21, Dwight B.
Adams, director, announced yester
day.
The meat market has been in op
eration since July 3. Both shops
are located in the south end of the
unused dining hall, Building 300.
The Village grocery store will be
opened Monday, July 21, Dwight B.
Adams, director, announced yester
day.
The meat market has been in op
eration since July 3. Both shops
are located in the south end of the
unused dining hall, Building 300.
The Village grocery store will be
opened Monday, July 21, Dwight B.
Adams, director, announced yester
day.
The meat market has been in op
eration since July 3. Both shops
are located in the south end of the
unused dining hall, Building 300.
The Village grocery store will be
opened Monday, July 21, Dwight B.
Adams, director, announced yester
day.
The meat market has been in op
eration since July 3. Both shops
are located in the south end of the
unused dining hall, Building 300.
The Village grocery store will be
opened Monday, July 21, Dwight B.
Adams, director, announced yester
day.
The meat market has been in op
eration since July 3. Both shops
are located in the south end of the
unused dining hall, Building 300.
The Village grocery store will be
opened Monday, July 21, Dwight B.
Adams, director, announced yester
day.
The meat market has been in op
eration since July 3. Both shops
are located in the south end of the
unused dining hall, Building 300.
The Village grocery store will be
opened Monday, July 21, Dwight B.
Adams, director, announced yester
day.
The meat market has been in op
eration since July 3. Both shops
are located in the south end of the
unused dining hall, Building 300.
The Village grocery store will be
opened Monday, July 21, Dwight B.
Adams, director, announced yester
day.
The meat market has been in op
eration since July 3. Both shops
are located in the south end of the
unused dining hall, Building 300.
The Village grocery store will be
opened Monday, July 21, Dwight B.
Adams, director, announced yester
day.
The meat market has been in op
eration since July 3. Both shops
are located in the south end of the
unused dining hall, Building 300.
The Village grocery store will be
opened Monday, July 21, Dwight B.
Adams, director, announced yester
day.
The meat market has been in op
eration since July 3. Both shops
are located in the south end of the
unused dining hall, Building 300.
The Village grocery store will be
opened Monday, July 21, Dwight B.
Adams, director, announced yester
day.
The meat market has been in op
eration since July 3. Both shops
are located in the south end of the
unused dining hall, Building 300.
