# Association Holds Meeting.
## 
### 
The Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation held its regular Sunday morn
ing meetijig yesterday in room 55.
A. E. Roth. '09, delivered a very in
teresting speech 011 "Living a College
Life" in which he said that a time
would come when the association
should he backed by ihe strongest
men of the University and that he
was willing to stand by the associa
tion in the principles which it was
setting forth. W. C. Shelton, 'OS,
talked on "Choosing Men." G.
Seaman, the new international sec
retary of the association for the Pa
cific Coast, also delivered a short
speech. A general discussion 011
"Things that Make and Unmake Col
lege Men" followed.
W. C. Shelton, '08, has recently
presented the association with one
hundred new association song hooks.
