# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
"IF I WERE 21
I would not seek a salaried posi
tion of any sort until I was
twenty-five. Instead I would be
come a salesman on a commis
sion basis, and I would do so
before I left college. I can con
ceive of no better way to de
velop backbone and stamina in a
young man than to give him
something to sell on commis
sion." â€”Wm. Maxwell, Vice-Pres.
of Thomas A. Edison, Inc.
In the "Wear Ever" work the
opportunity of gaining this ex
perience is coupled with the op
portunity of making
money. No canvassing. Upper
classmen and graduate students
are preferred. Hear a lecture on
salesmanship by the California
sales manager
Tuesday, 7 p.m., Room 210,
English Bldg.
