# Dean Yost Will Entertain Graduate Women Tuesday
## 
### 
Dean Yost will entertain the Gradu
ate Women's Club on Tuesday after
noon.
The Graduate Women's tea which wa<
planned for Tuesday will not be held.
Dean Yost will entertain the Gradu
ate Women's Club on Tuesday after
noon.
The Graduate Women's tea which wa<
planned for Tuesday will not be held.
Dean Yost will entertain the Gradu
ate Women's Club on Tuesday after
noon.
The Graduate Women's tea which wa<
planned for Tuesday will not be held.
Dean Yost will entertain the Gradu
ate Women's Club on Tuesday after
noon.
The Graduate Women's tea which wa<
planned for Tuesday will not be held.
Dean Yost will entertain the Gradu
ate Women's Club on Tuesday after
noon.
The Graduate Women's tea which wa<
planned for Tuesday will not be held.
Dean Yost will entertain the Gradu
ate Women's Club on Tuesday after
noon.
The Graduate Women's tea which wa<
planned for Tuesday will not be held.
Dean Yost will entertain the Gradu
ate Women's Club on Tuesday after
noon.
The Graduate Women's tea which wa<
planned for Tuesday will not be held.
Dean Yost will entertain the Gradu
ate Women's Club on Tuesday after
noon.
The Graduate Women's tea which wa<
planned for Tuesday will not be held.
Dean Yost will entertain the Gradu
ate Women's Club on Tuesday after
noon.
The Graduate Women's tea which wa<
planned for Tuesday will not be held.
Dean Yost will entertain the Gradu
ate Women's Club on Tuesday after
noon.
The Graduate Women's tea which wa<
planned for Tuesday will not be held.
Dean Yost will entertain the Gradu
ate Women's Club on Tuesday after
noon.
The Graduate Women's tea which wa<
planned for Tuesday will not be held.
Dean Yost will entertain the Gradu
ate Women's Club on Tuesday after
noon.
The Graduate Women's tea which wa<
planned for Tuesday will not be held.
Dean Yost will entertain the Gradu
ate Women's Club on Tuesday after
noon.
The Graduate Women's tea which wa<
planned for Tuesday will not be held.
Dean Yost will entertain the Gradu
ate Women's Club on Tuesday after
noon.
The Graduate Women's tea which wa<
planned for Tuesday will not be held.
Dean Yost will entertain the Gradu
ate Women's Club on Tuesday after
noon.
The Graduate Women's tea which wa<
planned for Tuesday will not be held.
