# Quad.
## 
### 
Miss Shirly Hyatt, of Sacramento,
recently an instructor in the Physics
department of Stanford, has resigned
from the faculty to enter the National
Training Schnol of the Y. W. C. A. in
New York.
Miss Shirly Hyatt, of Sacramento,
recently an instructor in the Physics
department of Stanford, has resigned
from the faculty to enter the National
Training Schnol of the Y. W. C. A. in
New York.
Miss Shirly Hyatt, of Sacramento,
recently an instructor in the Physics
department of Stanford, has resigned
from the faculty to enter the National
Training Schnol of the Y. W. C. A. in
New York.
Miss Shirly Hyatt, of Sacramento,
recently an instructor in the Physics
department of Stanford, has resigned
from the faculty to enter the National
Training Schnol of the Y. W. C. A. in
New York.
Miss Shirly Hyatt, of Sacramento,
recently an instructor in the Physics
department of Stanford, has resigned
from the faculty to enter the National
Training Schnol of the Y. W. C. A. in
New York.
Miss Shirly Hyatt, of Sacramento,
recently an instructor in the Physics
department of Stanford, has resigned
from the faculty to enter the National
Training Schnol of the Y. W. C. A. in
New York.
Miss Shirly Hyatt, of Sacramento,
recently an instructor in the Physics
department of Stanford, has resigned
from the faculty to enter the National
Training Schnol of the Y. W. C. A. in
New York.
Miss Shirly Hyatt, of Sacramento,
recently an instructor in the Physics
department of Stanford, has resigned
from the faculty to enter the National
Training Schnol of the Y. W. C. A. in
New York.
Miss Shirly Hyatt, of Sacramento,
recently an instructor in the Physics
department of Stanford, has resigned
from the faculty to enter the National
Training Schnol of the Y. W. C. A. in
New York.
Miss Shirly Hyatt, of Sacramento,
recently an instructor in the Physics
department of Stanford, has resigned
from the faculty to enter the National
Training Schnol of the Y. W. C. A. in
New York.
Miss Shirly Hyatt, of Sacramento,
recently an instructor in the Physics
department of Stanford, has resigned
from the faculty to enter the National
Training Schnol of the Y. W. C. A. in
New York.
Miss Shirly Hyatt, of Sacramento,
recently an instructor in the Physics
department of Stanford, has resigned
from the faculty to enter the National
Training Schnol of the Y. W. C. A. in
New York.
Miss Shirly Hyatt, of Sacramento,
recently an instructor in the Physics
department of Stanford, has resigned
from the faculty to enter the National
Training Schnol of the Y. W. C. A. in
New York.
