# Edgar L. Hewett to Deliver Lecture.
## 
### 
Under the auspices of the Stanford
members of the Archaeological Insti
tute, a free lecture on "Three Exca
vations at Puye in New Mexico," will
he given in the University Chapel on
Friday, Sept. 24, at 3:30 p.m., by
Edgar L. Hewett, director of the
school of American Archaeology.
Under the auspices of the Stanford
members of the Archaeological Insti
tute, a free lecture on "Three Exca
vations at Puye in New Mexico," will
he given in the University Chapel on
Friday, Sept. 24, at 3:30 p.m., by
Edgar L. Hewett, director of the
school of American Archaeology.
Under the auspices of the Stanford
members of the Archaeological Insti
tute, a free lecture on "Three Exca
vations at Puye in New Mexico," will
he given in the University Chapel on
Friday, Sept. 24, at 3:30 p.m., by
Edgar L. Hewett, director of the
school of American Archaeology.
Under the auspices of the Stanford
members of the Archaeological Insti
tute, a free lecture on "Three Exca
vations at Puye in New Mexico," will
he given in the University Chapel on
Friday, Sept. 24, at 3:30 p.m., by
Edgar L. Hewett, director of the
school of American Archaeology.
Under the auspices of the Stanford
members of the Archaeological Insti
tute, a free lecture on "Three Exca
vations at Puye in New Mexico," will
he given in the University Chapel on
Friday, Sept. 24, at 3:30 p.m., by
Edgar L. Hewett, director of the
school of American Archaeology.
Under the auspices of the Stanford
members of the Archaeological Insti
tute, a free lecture on "Three Exca
vations at Puye in New Mexico," will
he given in the University Chapel on
Friday, Sept. 24, at 3:30 p.m., by
Edgar L. Hewett, director of the
school of American Archaeology.
Under the auspices of the Stanford
members of the Archaeological Insti
tute, a free lecture on "Three Exca
vations at Puye in New Mexico," will
he given in the University Chapel on
Friday, Sept. 24, at 3:30 p.m., by
Edgar L. Hewett, director of the
school of American Archaeology.
Under the auspices of the Stanford
members of the Archaeological Insti
tute, a free lecture on "Three Exca
vations at Puye in New Mexico," will
he given in the University Chapel on
Friday, Sept. 24, at 3:30 p.m., by
Edgar L. Hewett, director of the
school of American Archaeology.
Under the auspices of the Stanford
members of the Archaeological Insti
tute, a free lecture on "Three Exca
vations at Puye in New Mexico," will
he given in the University Chapel on
Friday, Sept. 24, at 3:30 p.m., by
Edgar L. Hewett, director of the
school of American Archaeology.
Under the auspices of the Stanford
members of the Archaeological Insti
tute, a free lecture on "Three Exca
vations at Puye in New Mexico," will
he given in the University Chapel on
Friday, Sept. 24, at 3:30 p.m., by
Edgar L. Hewett, director of the
school of American Archaeology.
