# PARKS ELECTED
## 
### 
Charles H. Parks was elected presi
dent of Sword and Sandals at an in
formal dinner given by Gordon Davis
at his home, 19 Salvatierra, last eve
ning. Members of Ram's Head, Sword
and Sandals, and Masquers were pres
ent. Davis discussed the dramatic
situation for the coming year.
Charles H. Parks was elected presi
dent of Sword and Sandals at an in
formal dinner given by Gordon Davis
at his home, 19 Salvatierra, last eve
ning. Members of Ram's Head, Sword
and Sandals, and Masquers were pres
ent. Davis discussed the dramatic
situation for the coming year.
Charles H. Parks was elected presi
dent of Sword and Sandals at an in
formal dinner given by Gordon Davis
at his home, 19 Salvatierra, last eve
ning. Members of Ram's Head, Sword
and Sandals, and Masquers were pres
ent. Davis discussed the dramatic
situation for the coming year.
Charles H. Parks was elected presi
dent of Sword and Sandals at an in
formal dinner given by Gordon Davis
at his home, 19 Salvatierra, last eve
ning. Members of Ram's Head, Sword
and Sandals, and Masquers were pres
ent. Davis discussed the dramatic
situation for the coming year.
Charles H. Parks was elected presi
dent of Sword and Sandals at an in
formal dinner given by Gordon Davis
at his home, 19 Salvatierra, last eve
ning. Members of Ram's Head, Sword
and Sandals, and Masquers were pres
ent. Davis discussed the dramatic
situation for the coming year.
Charles H. Parks was elected presi
dent of Sword and Sandals at an in
formal dinner given by Gordon Davis
at his home, 19 Salvatierra, last eve
ning. Members of Ram's Head, Sword
and Sandals, and Masquers were pres
ent. Davis discussed the dramatic
situation for the coming year.
Charles H. Parks was elected presi
dent of Sword and Sandals at an in
formal dinner given by Gordon Davis
at his home, 19 Salvatierra, last eve
ning. Members of Ram's Head, Sword
and Sandals, and Masquers were pres
ent. Davis discussed the dramatic
situation for the coming year.
Charles H. Parks was elected presi
dent of Sword and Sandals at an in
formal dinner given by Gordon Davis
at his home, 19 Salvatierra, last eve
ning. Members of Ram's Head, Sword
and Sandals, and Masquers were pres
ent. Davis discussed the dramatic
situation for the coming year.
Charles H. Parks was elected presi
dent of Sword and Sandals at an in
formal dinner given by Gordon Davis
at his home, 19 Salvatierra, last eve
ning. Members of Ram's Head, Sword
and Sandals, and Masquers were pres
ent. Davis discussed the dramatic
situation for the coming year.
Charles H. Parks was elected presi
dent of Sword and Sandals at an in
formal dinner given by Gordon Davis
at his home, 19 Salvatierra, last eve
ning. Members of Ram's Head, Sword
and Sandals, and Masquers were pres
ent. Davis discussed the dramatic
situation for the coming year.
Charles H. Parks was elected presi
dent of Sword and Sandals at an in
formal dinner given by Gordon Davis
at his home, 19 Salvatierra, last eve
ning. Members of Ram's Head, Sword
and Sandals, and Masquers were pres
ent. Davis discussed the dramatic
situation for the coming year.
Charles H. Parks was elected presi
dent of Sword and Sandals at an in
formal dinner given by Gordon Davis
at his home, 19 Salvatierra, last eve
ning. Members of Ram's Head, Sword
and Sandals, and Masquers were pres
ent. Davis discussed the dramatic
situation for the coming year.
Charles H. Parks was elected presi
dent of Sword and Sandals at an in
formal dinner given by Gordon Davis
at his home, 19 Salvatierra, last eve
ning. Members of Ram's Head, Sword
and Sandals, and Masquers were pres
ent. Davis discussed the dramatic
situation for the coming year.
Charles H. Parks was elected presi
dent of Sword and Sandals at an in
formal dinner given by Gordon Davis
at his home, 19 Salvatierra, last eve
ning. Members of Ram's Head, Sword
and Sandals, and Masquers were pres
ent. Davis discussed the dramatic
situation for the coming year.
Charles H. Parks was elected presi
dent of Sword and Sandals at an in
formal dinner given by Gordon Davis
at his home, 19 Salvatierra, last eve
ning. Members of Ram's Head, Sword
and Sandals, and Masquers were pres
ent. Davis discussed the dramatic
situation for the coming year.
