# Adv. 34 Page 14
## 
### 
So, you're not good enough
to make the Varsity team?
That's Ok, you can still
get the inside scoop as a
SPORTS WRITER
for The Daily.
Come to the
Orientation meeting
TODAY or TOMORROW
at NOON.
So, you're not good enough
to make the Varsity team?
That's Ok, you can still
get the inside scoop as a
SPORTS WRITER
for The Daily.
Come to the
Orientation meeting
TODAY or TOMORROW
at NOON.
So, you're not good enough
to make the Varsity team?
That's Ok, you can still
get the inside scoop as a
SPORTS WRITER
for The Daily.
Come to the
Orientation meeting
TODAY or TOMORROW
at NOON.
So, you're not good enough
to make the Varsity team?
That's Ok, you can still
get the inside scoop as a
SPORTS WRITER
for The Daily.
Come to the
Orientation meeting
TODAY or TOMORROW
at NOON.
So, you're not good enough
to make the Varsity team?
That's Ok, you can still
get the inside scoop as a
SPORTS WRITER
for The Daily.
Come to the
Orientation meeting
TODAY or TOMORROW
at NOON.
So, you're not good enough
to make the Varsity team?
That's Ok, you can still
get the inside scoop as a
SPORTS WRITER
for The Daily.
Come to the
Orientation meeting
TODAY or TOMORROW
at NOON.
So, you're not good enough
to make the Varsity team?
That's Ok, you can still
get the inside scoop as a
SPORTS WRITER
for The Daily.
Come to the
Orientation meeting
TODAY or TOMORROW
at NOON.
