# INSIDE
## 
### 
You Got
trounced this weekend
if you're a volleyball
player from Arizona
See Sports, page 13

The Right One
Orientation tries to
convince frosh they
made the right choice
See photos, pages 10 & 11

Baby, Uh-Huh
Kennedy's confirmation
of resignation rumors
tops summer's news
See News, pages 8 & 9



You Got
trounced this weekend
if you're a volleyball
player from Arizona
See Sports, page 13

The Right One
Orientation tries to
convince frosh they
made the right choice
See photos, pages 10 & 11

Baby, Uh-Huh
Kennedy's confirmation
of resignation rumors
tops summer's news
See News, pages 8 & 9



You Got
trounced this weekend
if you're a volleyball
player from Arizona
See Sports, page 13

The Right One
Orientation tries to
convince frosh they
made the right choice
See photos, pages 10 & 11

Baby, Uh-Huh
Kennedy's confirmation
of resignation rumors
tops summer's news
See News, pages 8 & 9



You Got
trounced this weekend
if you're a volleyball
player from Arizona
See Sports, page 13

The Right One
Orientation tries to
convince frosh they
made the right choice
See photos, pages 10 & 11

Baby, Uh-Huh
Kennedy's confirmation
of resignation rumors
tops summer's news
See News, pages 8 & 9



You Got
trounced this weekend
if you're a volleyball
player from Arizona
See Sports, page 13

The Right One
Orientation tries to
convince frosh they
made the right choice
See photos, pages 10 & 11

Baby, Uh-Huh
Kennedy's confirmation
of resignation rumors
tops summer's news
See News, pages 8 & 9



You Got
trounced this weekend
if you're a volleyball
player from Arizona
See Sports, page 13

The Right One
Orientation tries to
convince frosh they
made the right choice
See photos, pages 10 & 11

Baby, Uh-Huh
Kennedy's confirmation
of resignation rumors
tops summer's news
See News, pages 8 & 9



You Got
trounced this weekend
if you're a volleyball
player from Arizona
See Sports, page 13

The Right One
Orientation tries to
convince frosh they
made the right choice
See photos, pages 10 & 11

Baby, Uh-Huh
Kennedy's confirmation
of resignation rumors
tops summer's news
See News, pages 8 & 9



