# Prize Announced For Welding Essay
## 
### 
Stanford students are eligible for
the A. P. Davis Undergraduate
Welding Award, which is offered by
the American Welding Society to
both the undergraduate authors of
articles on welding and the under
graduate magazines in which they
appear.
April 10 is the deadline for sub
mitting entries (o the American
Welding Society, 33 West 39th
Street, New York 18, N.Y.
Any undergraduate of a college or
university in the U.S. or Canada is
eligible, but the paper must be pub
lished in an undergraduate publica
tion. Subject matter of the paper
may be any phase of any type of
welding or its application to design
and construction, and must be pub
lished between April 1, 1949, and
April 1, 1950.
For further information, write the
American Welding Society.
