# New German Gestapo
## 
### 
Hl'illlJN Eastern Germany rolled
the calendar back to 19.13 tonight,
creating a new Red Gestapo ;ind
drafting the young into regimented
organization like the old Hitler
Youth.
The Vo I kska m m e r (People's
Chamber) enacted both laws with
out a word of dissent. No one has
voeied a "nay" in that hand-picked
non-elective body since it. was set
up last October as a parliament for
the Communist republic in the So
viet zone.
Hl'illlJN Eastern Germany rolled
the calendar back to 19.13 tonight,
creating a new Red Gestapo ;ind
drafting the young into regimented
organization like the old Hitler
Youth.
The Vo I kska m m e r (People's
Chamber) enacted both laws with
out a word of dissent. No one has
voeied a "nay" in that hand-picked
non-elective body since it. was set
up last October as a parliament for
the Communist republic in the So
viet zone.
Hl'illlJN Eastern Germany rolled
the calendar back to 19.13 tonight,
creating a new Red Gestapo ;ind
drafting the young into regimented
organization like the old Hitler
Youth.
The Vo I kska m m e r (People's
Chamber) enacted both laws with
out a word of dissent. No one has
voeied a "nay" in that hand-picked
non-elective body since it. was set
up last October as a parliament for
the Communist republic in the So
viet zone.
Hl'illlJN Eastern Germany rolled
the calendar back to 19.13 tonight,
creating a new Red Gestapo ;ind
drafting the young into regimented
organization like the old Hitler
Youth.
The Vo I kska m m e r (People's
Chamber) enacted both laws with
out a word of dissent. No one has
voeied a "nay" in that hand-picked
non-elective body since it. was set
up last October as a parliament for
the Communist republic in the So
viet zone.
Hl'illlJN Eastern Germany rolled
the calendar back to 19.13 tonight,
creating a new Red Gestapo ;ind
drafting the young into regimented
organization like the old Hitler
Youth.
The Vo I kska m m e r (People's
Chamber) enacted both laws with
out a word of dissent. No one has
voeied a "nay" in that hand-picked
non-elective body since it. was set
up last October as a parliament for
the Communist republic in the So
viet zone.
Hl'illlJN Eastern Germany rolled
the calendar back to 19.13 tonight,
creating a new Red Gestapo ;ind
drafting the young into regimented
organization like the old Hitler
Youth.
The Vo I kska m m e r (People's
Chamber) enacted both laws with
out a word of dissent. No one has
voeied a "nay" in that hand-picked
non-elective body since it. was set
up last October as a parliament for
the Communist republic in the So
viet zone.
Hl'illlJN Eastern Germany rolled
the calendar back to 19.13 tonight,
creating a new Red Gestapo ;ind
drafting the young into regimented
organization like the old Hitler
Youth.
The Vo I kska m m e r (People's
Chamber) enacted both laws with
out a word of dissent. No one has
voeied a "nay" in that hand-picked
non-elective body since it. was set
up last October as a parliament for
the Communist republic in the So
viet zone.
Hl'illlJN Eastern Germany rolled
the calendar back to 19.13 tonight,
creating a new Red Gestapo ;ind
drafting the young into regimented
organization like the old Hitler
Youth.
The Vo I kska m m e r (People's
Chamber) enacted both laws with
out a word of dissent. No one has
voeied a "nay" in that hand-picked
non-elective body since it. was set
up last October as a parliament for
the Communist republic in the So
viet zone.
Hl'illlJN Eastern Germany rolled
the calendar back to 19.13 tonight,
creating a new Red Gestapo ;ind
drafting the young into regimented
organization like the old Hitler
Youth.
The Vo I kska m m e r (People's
Chamber) enacted both laws with
out a word of dissent. No one has
voeied a "nay" in that hand-picked
non-elective body since it. was set
up last October as a parliament for
the Communist republic in the So
viet zone.
Hl'illlJN Eastern Germany rolled
the calendar back to 19.13 tonight,
creating a new Red Gestapo ;ind
drafting the young into regimented
organization like the old Hitler
Youth.
The Vo I kska m m e r (People's
Chamber) enacted both laws with
out a word of dissent. No one has
voeied a "nay" in that hand-picked
non-elective body since it. was set
up last October as a parliament for
the Communist republic in the So
viet zone.
Hl'illlJN Eastern Germany rolled
the calendar back to 19.13 tonight,
creating a new Red Gestapo ;ind
drafting the young into regimented
organization like the old Hitler
Youth.
The Vo I kska m m e r (People's
Chamber) enacted both laws with
out a word of dissent. No one has
voeied a "nay" in that hand-picked
non-elective body since it. was set
up last October as a parliament for
the Communist republic in the So
viet zone.
Hl'illlJN Eastern Germany rolled
the calendar back to 19.13 tonight,
creating a new Red Gestapo ;ind
drafting the young into regimented
organization like the old Hitler
Youth.
The Vo I kska m m e r (People's
Chamber) enacted both laws with
out a word of dissent. No one has
voeied a "nay" in that hand-picked
non-elective body since it. was set
up last October as a parliament for
the Communist republic in the So
viet zone.
Hl'illlJN Eastern Germany rolled
the calendar back to 19.13 tonight,
creating a new Red Gestapo ;ind
drafting the young into regimented
organization like the old Hitler
Youth.
The Vo I kska m m e r (People's
Chamber) enacted both laws with
out a word of dissent. No one has
voeied a "nay" in that hand-picked
non-elective body since it. was set
up last October as a parliament for
the Communist republic in the So
viet zone.
Hl'illlJN Eastern Germany rolled
the calendar back to 19.13 tonight,
creating a new Red Gestapo ;ind
drafting the young into regimented
organization like the old Hitler
Youth.
The Vo I kska m m e r (People's
Chamber) enacted both laws with
out a word of dissent. No one has
voeied a "nay" in that hand-picked
non-elective body since it. was set
up last October as a parliament for
the Communist republic in the So
viet zone.
