# Farm French Prof Helps Write Book
## 
### 
Professor of French Leo Weinstein
is the co-author of the biography
"Ernest Chausson," published this
month by the University of Okla
homa Press.
Weinstein, a German native, was
educated "at Florida Southern Col
lege and Stanford. He became an
American citizen in 1943.
Jean-Pierre Barricelli of Brandeis
University collaborated with Wein
stein on the study of the 19th cen
tury French composer's life.
Professor of French Leo Weinstein
is the co-author of the biography
"Ernest Chausson," published this
month by the University of Okla
homa Press.
Weinstein, a German native, was
educated "at Florida Southern Col
lege and Stanford. He became an
American citizen in 1943.
Jean-Pierre Barricelli of Brandeis
University collaborated with Wein
stein on the study of the 19th cen
tury French composer's life.
Professor of French Leo Weinstein
is the co-author of the biography
"Ernest Chausson," published this
month by the University of Okla
homa Press.
Weinstein, a German native, was
educated "at Florida Southern Col
lege and Stanford. He became an
American citizen in 1943.
Jean-Pierre Barricelli of Brandeis
University collaborated with Wein
stein on the study of the 19th cen
tury French composer's life.
Professor of French Leo Weinstein
is the co-author of the biography
"Ernest Chausson," published this
month by the University of Okla
homa Press.
Weinstein, a German native, was
educated "at Florida Southern Col
lege and Stanford. He became an
American citizen in 1943.
Jean-Pierre Barricelli of Brandeis
University collaborated with Wein
stein on the study of the 19th cen
tury French composer's life.
Professor of French Leo Weinstein
is the co-author of the biography
"Ernest Chausson," published this
month by the University of Okla
homa Press.
Weinstein, a German native, was
educated "at Florida Southern Col
lege and Stanford. He became an
American citizen in 1943.
Jean-Pierre Barricelli of Brandeis
University collaborated with Wein
stein on the study of the 19th cen
tury French composer's life.
Professor of French Leo Weinstein
is the co-author of the biography
"Ernest Chausson," published this
month by the University of Okla
homa Press.
Weinstein, a German native, was
educated "at Florida Southern Col
lege and Stanford. He became an
American citizen in 1943.
Jean-Pierre Barricelli of Brandeis
University collaborated with Wein
stein on the study of the 19th cen
tury French composer's life.
Professor of French Leo Weinstein
is the co-author of the biography
"Ernest Chausson," published this
month by the University of Okla
homa Press.
Weinstein, a German native, was
educated "at Florida Southern Col
lege and Stanford. He became an
American citizen in 1943.
Jean-Pierre Barricelli of Brandeis
University collaborated with Wein
stein on the study of the 19th cen
tury French composer's life.
Professor of French Leo Weinstein
is the co-author of the biography
"Ernest Chausson," published this
month by the University of Okla
homa Press.
Weinstein, a German native, was
educated "at Florida Southern Col
lege and Stanford. He became an
American citizen in 1943.
Jean-Pierre Barricelli of Brandeis
University collaborated with Wein
stein on the study of the 19th cen
tury French composer's life.
Professor of French Leo Weinstein
is the co-author of the biography
"Ernest Chausson," published this
month by the University of Okla
homa Press.
Weinstein, a German native, was
educated "at Florida Southern Col
lege and Stanford. He became an
American citizen in 1943.
Jean-Pierre Barricelli of Brandeis
University collaborated with Wein
stein on the study of the 19th cen
tury French composer's life.
Professor of French Leo Weinstein
is the co-author of the biography
"Ernest Chausson," published this
month by the University of Okla
homa Press.
Weinstein, a German native, was
educated "at Florida Southern Col
lege and Stanford. He became an
American citizen in 1943.
Jean-Pierre Barricelli of Brandeis
University collaborated with Wein
stein on the study of the 19th cen
tury French composer's life.
Professor of French Leo Weinstein
is the co-author of the biography
"Ernest Chausson," published this
month by the University of Okla
homa Press.
Weinstein, a German native, was
educated "at Florida Southern Col
lege and Stanford. He became an
American citizen in 1943.
Jean-Pierre Barricelli of Brandeis
University collaborated with Wein
stein on the study of the 19th cen
tury French composer's life.
Professor of French Leo Weinstein
is the co-author of the biography
"Ernest Chausson," published this
month by the University of Okla
homa Press.
Weinstein, a German native, was
educated "at Florida Southern Col
lege and Stanford. He became an
American citizen in 1943.
Jean-Pierre Barricelli of Brandeis
University collaborated with Wein
stein on the study of the 19th cen
tury French composer's life.
Professor of French Leo Weinstein
is the co-author of the biography
"Ernest Chausson," published this
month by the University of Okla
homa Press.
Weinstein, a German native, was
educated "at Florida Southern Col
lege and Stanford. He became an
American citizen in 1943.
Jean-Pierre Barricelli of Brandeis
University collaborated with Wein
stein on the study of the 19th cen
tury French composer's life.
Professor of French Leo Weinstein
is the co-author of the biography
"Ernest Chausson," published this
month by the University of Okla
homa Press.
Weinstein, a German native, was
educated "at Florida Southern Col
lege and Stanford. He became an
American citizen in 1943.
Jean-Pierre Barricelli of Brandeis
University collaborated with Wein
stein on the study of the 19th cen
tury French composer's life.
Professor of French Leo Weinstein
is the co-author of the biography
"Ernest Chausson," published this
month by the University of Okla
homa Press.
Weinstein, a German native, was
educated "at Florida Southern Col
lege and Stanford. He became an
American citizen in 1943.
Jean-Pierre Barricelli of Brandeis
University collaborated with Wein
stein on the study of the 19th cen
tury French composer's life.
