# Brown Named GM Of Pittsburgh Pirates
## 
### 
PITTSBURGH. Oct. 25 (U.R) — A
youthful Joe L. Brown was named
general manager of the Pittsburgh
Pirates today, succeeding Branch
Rickey Sr., who keeps a firm hand
in the club's operation by remaining
as advisor and chairman of the board
of directors.
But both Rickey, a veteran of 43
years in baseball, and club president
John Galbreath agreed that Brown
"will run the team —he's on his own.
Its success or failure rests on his
shoulders. It's his responsibility."
Brown, 37, agreed to a one-year
contract.
PITTSBURGH. Oct. 25 (U.R) — A
youthful Joe L. Brown was named
general manager of the Pittsburgh
Pirates today, succeeding Branch
Rickey Sr., who keeps a firm hand
in the club's operation by remaining
as advisor and chairman of the board
of directors.
But both Rickey, a veteran of 43
years in baseball, and club president
John Galbreath agreed that Brown
"will run the team —he's on his own.
Its success or failure rests on his
shoulders. It's his responsibility."
Brown, 37, agreed to a one-year
contract.
PITTSBURGH. Oct. 25 (U.R) — A
youthful Joe L. Brown was named
general manager of the Pittsburgh
Pirates today, succeeding Branch
Rickey Sr., who keeps a firm hand
in the club's operation by remaining
as advisor and chairman of the board
of directors.
But both Rickey, a veteran of 43
years in baseball, and club president
John Galbreath agreed that Brown
"will run the team —he's on his own.
Its success or failure rests on his
shoulders. It's his responsibility."
Brown, 37, agreed to a one-year
contract.
PITTSBURGH. Oct. 25 (U.R) — A
youthful Joe L. Brown was named
general manager of the Pittsburgh
Pirates today, succeeding Branch
Rickey Sr., who keeps a firm hand
in the club's operation by remaining
as advisor and chairman of the board
of directors.
But both Rickey, a veteran of 43
years in baseball, and club president
John Galbreath agreed that Brown
"will run the team —he's on his own.
Its success or failure rests on his
shoulders. It's his responsibility."
Brown, 37, agreed to a one-year
contract.
PITTSBURGH. Oct. 25 (U.R) — A
youthful Joe L. Brown was named
general manager of the Pittsburgh
Pirates today, succeeding Branch
Rickey Sr., who keeps a firm hand
in the club's operation by remaining
as advisor and chairman of the board
of directors.
But both Rickey, a veteran of 43
years in baseball, and club president
John Galbreath agreed that Brown
"will run the team —he's on his own.
Its success or failure rests on his
shoulders. It's his responsibility."
Brown, 37, agreed to a one-year
contract.
PITTSBURGH. Oct. 25 (U.R) — A
youthful Joe L. Brown was named
general manager of the Pittsburgh
Pirates today, succeeding Branch
Rickey Sr., who keeps a firm hand
in the club's operation by remaining
as advisor and chairman of the board
of directors.
But both Rickey, a veteran of 43
years in baseball, and club president
John Galbreath agreed that Brown
"will run the team —he's on his own.
Its success or failure rests on his
shoulders. It's his responsibility."
Brown, 37, agreed to a one-year
contract.
PITTSBURGH. Oct. 25 (U.R) — A
youthful Joe L. Brown was named
general manager of the Pittsburgh
Pirates today, succeeding Branch
Rickey Sr., who keeps a firm hand
in the club's operation by remaining
as advisor and chairman of the board
of directors.
But both Rickey, a veteran of 43
years in baseball, and club president
John Galbreath agreed that Brown
"will run the team —he's on his own.
Its success or failure rests on his
shoulders. It's his responsibility."
Brown, 37, agreed to a one-year
contract.
PITTSBURGH. Oct. 25 (U.R) — A
youthful Joe L. Brown was named
general manager of the Pittsburgh
Pirates today, succeeding Branch
Rickey Sr., who keeps a firm hand
in the club's operation by remaining
as advisor and chairman of the board
of directors.
But both Rickey, a veteran of 43
years in baseball, and club president
John Galbreath agreed that Brown
"will run the team —he's on his own.
Its success or failure rests on his
shoulders. It's his responsibility."
Brown, 37, agreed to a one-year
contract.
PITTSBURGH. Oct. 25 (U.R) — A
youthful Joe L. Brown was named
general manager of the Pittsburgh
Pirates today, succeeding Branch
Rickey Sr., who keeps a firm hand
in the club's operation by remaining
as advisor and chairman of the board
of directors.
But both Rickey, a veteran of 43
years in baseball, and club president
John Galbreath agreed that Brown
"will run the team —he's on his own.
Its success or failure rests on his
shoulders. It's his responsibility."
Brown, 37, agreed to a one-year
contract.
PITTSBURGH. Oct. 25 (U.R) — A
youthful Joe L. Brown was named
general manager of the Pittsburgh
Pirates today, succeeding Branch
Rickey Sr., who keeps a firm hand
in the club's operation by remaining
as advisor and chairman of the board
of directors.
But both Rickey, a veteran of 43
years in baseball, and club president
John Galbreath agreed that Brown
"will run the team —he's on his own.
Its success or failure rests on his
shoulders. It's his responsibility."
Brown, 37, agreed to a one-year
contract.
PITTSBURGH. Oct. 25 (U.R) — A
youthful Joe L. Brown was named
general manager of the Pittsburgh
Pirates today, succeeding Branch
Rickey Sr., who keeps a firm hand
in the club's operation by remaining
as advisor and chairman of the board
of directors.
But both Rickey, a veteran of 43
years in baseball, and club president
John Galbreath agreed that Brown
"will run the team —he's on his own.
Its success or failure rests on his
shoulders. It's his responsibility."
Brown, 37, agreed to a one-year
contract.
PITTSBURGH. Oct. 25 (U.R) — A
youthful Joe L. Brown was named
general manager of the Pittsburgh
Pirates today, succeeding Branch
Rickey Sr., who keeps a firm hand
in the club's operation by remaining
as advisor and chairman of the board
of directors.
But both Rickey, a veteran of 43
years in baseball, and club president
John Galbreath agreed that Brown
"will run the team —he's on his own.
Its success or failure rests on his
shoulders. It's his responsibility."
Brown, 37, agreed to a one-year
contract.
PITTSBURGH. Oct. 25 (U.R) — A
youthful Joe L. Brown was named
general manager of the Pittsburgh
Pirates today, succeeding Branch
Rickey Sr., who keeps a firm hand
in the club's operation by remaining
as advisor and chairman of the board
of directors.
But both Rickey, a veteran of 43
years in baseball, and club president
John Galbreath agreed that Brown
"will run the team —he's on his own.
Its success or failure rests on his
shoulders. It's his responsibility."
Brown, 37, agreed to a one-year
contract.
PITTSBURGH. Oct. 25 (U.R) — A
youthful Joe L. Brown was named
general manager of the Pittsburgh
Pirates today, succeeding Branch
Rickey Sr., who keeps a firm hand
in the club's operation by remaining
as advisor and chairman of the board
of directors.
But both Rickey, a veteran of 43
years in baseball, and club president
John Galbreath agreed that Brown
"will run the team —he's on his own.
Its success or failure rests on his
shoulders. It's his responsibility."
Brown, 37, agreed to a one-year
contract.
PITTSBURGH. Oct. 25 (U.R) — A
youthful Joe L. Brown was named
general manager of the Pittsburgh
Pirates today, succeeding Branch
Rickey Sr., who keeps a firm hand
in the club's operation by remaining
as advisor and chairman of the board
of directors.
But both Rickey, a veteran of 43
years in baseball, and club president
John Galbreath agreed that Brown
"will run the team —he's on his own.
Its success or failure rests on his
shoulders. It's his responsibility."
Brown, 37, agreed to a one-year
contract.
