# Sterling to Return From Meeting Nov. 8
## 
### 
University President J. E. Wallace
Sterling will return Nov. 8 from a
meeting of the American Association
of Universities.
He left Friday night to attend the
meeting.
University President J. E. Wallace
Sterling will return Nov. 8 from a
meeting of the American Association
of Universities.
He left Friday night to attend the
meeting.
University President J. E. Wallace
Sterling will return Nov. 8 from a
meeting of the American Association
of Universities.
He left Friday night to attend the
meeting.
University President J. E. Wallace
Sterling will return Nov. 8 from a
meeting of the American Association
of Universities.
He left Friday night to attend the
meeting.
University President J. E. Wallace
Sterling will return Nov. 8 from a
meeting of the American Association
of Universities.
He left Friday night to attend the
meeting.
University President J. E. Wallace
Sterling will return Nov. 8 from a
meeting of the American Association
of Universities.
He left Friday night to attend the
meeting.
University President J. E. Wallace
Sterling will return Nov. 8 from a
meeting of the American Association
of Universities.
He left Friday night to attend the
meeting.
University President J. E. Wallace
Sterling will return Nov. 8 from a
meeting of the American Association
of Universities.
He left Friday night to attend the
meeting.
University President J. E. Wallace
Sterling will return Nov. 8 from a
meeting of the American Association
of Universities.
He left Friday night to attend the
meeting.
University President J. E. Wallace
Sterling will return Nov. 8 from a
meeting of the American Association
of Universities.
He left Friday night to attend the
meeting.
University President J. E. Wallace
Sterling will return Nov. 8 from a
meeting of the American Association
of Universities.
He left Friday night to attend the
meeting.
University President J. E. Wallace
Sterling will return Nov. 8 from a
meeting of the American Association
of Universities.
He left Friday night to attend the
meeting.
University President J. E. Wallace
Sterling will return Nov. 8 from a
meeting of the American Association
of Universities.
He left Friday night to attend the
meeting.
University President J. E. Wallace
Sterling will return Nov. 8 from a
meeting of the American Association
of Universities.
He left Friday night to attend the
meeting.
University President J. E. Wallace
Sterling will return Nov. 8 from a
meeting of the American Association
of Universities.
He left Friday night to attend the
meeting.
