# Veterans Credit Cards Will Expire Friday
## 
### 
Friday, Oct. 1 28. is the last day
veterans may use their credit cards
this quarter to buy hooks and
supplies at the Stanford Bookstore.
Friday, Oct. 1 28. is the last day
veterans may use their credit cards
this quarter to buy hooks and
supplies at the Stanford Bookstore.
Friday, Oct. 1 28. is the last day
veterans may use their credit cards
this quarter to buy hooks and
supplies at the Stanford Bookstore.
Friday, Oct. 1 28. is the last day
veterans may use their credit cards
this quarter to buy hooks and
supplies at the Stanford Bookstore.
Friday, Oct. 1 28. is the last day
veterans may use their credit cards
this quarter to buy hooks and
supplies at the Stanford Bookstore.
Friday, Oct. 1 28. is the last day
veterans may use their credit cards
this quarter to buy hooks and
supplies at the Stanford Bookstore.
Friday, Oct. 1 28. is the last day
veterans may use their credit cards
this quarter to buy hooks and
supplies at the Stanford Bookstore.
Friday, Oct. 1 28. is the last day
veterans may use their credit cards
this quarter to buy hooks and
supplies at the Stanford Bookstore.
Friday, Oct. 1 28. is the last day
veterans may use their credit cards
this quarter to buy hooks and
supplies at the Stanford Bookstore.
Friday, Oct. 1 28. is the last day
veterans may use their credit cards
this quarter to buy hooks and
supplies at the Stanford Bookstore.
Friday, Oct. 1 28. is the last day
veterans may use their credit cards
this quarter to buy hooks and
supplies at the Stanford Bookstore.
Friday, Oct. 1 28. is the last day
veterans may use their credit cards
this quarter to buy hooks and
supplies at the Stanford Bookstore.
Friday, Oct. 1 28. is the last day
veterans may use their credit cards
this quarter to buy hooks and
supplies at the Stanford Bookstore.
Friday, Oct. 1 28. is the last day
veterans may use their credit cards
this quarter to buy hooks and
supplies at the Stanford Bookstore.
Friday, Oct. 1 28. is the last day
veterans may use their credit cards
this quarter to buy hooks and
supplies at the Stanford Bookstore.
