# U.C. Will Winâ€”--So Says Mr. McClung.
## 
### 
The ('hrotiirh this morning prints
the following from Berkeley :
"Conch McClung yesterday for
the first time expressed a decided
opinion that the Berkeley boys will
win tho great championship game.t
The team is doing some remarkable
work and almost everybody in town
is worked up to a great pitch of ex
citement. McClung has tho boys
under perfect control, lie is with
I,hem day and night, and every man
obeys to tho letter the rules laid
down. Crowds assemble on the
campus every afternon to watch the
practice games and see McClung's
great work. He has become a favor
ite in Boikeley. From the work he
is doing iI is cettain that his men
will make a line showing. The
members of the team are in perfect
health. McClung is greatly pleased
with the make-up of the team."
