# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
zzjk
They've just
arrived ....
those smart new woolen
dresses for fall wear.
See them before you leave
at the Clothes Closet
only $8.00
THE CLOTHES
CLOSET
510 Waverley
.
zzjk
They've just
arrived ....
those smart new woolen
dresses for fall wear.
See them before you leave
at the Clothes Closet
only $8.00
THE CLOTHES
CLOSET
510 Waverley
.
zzjk
They've just
arrived ....
those smart new woolen
dresses for fall wear.
See them before you leave
at the Clothes Closet
only $8.00
THE CLOTHES
CLOSET
510 Waverley
.
zzjk
They've just
arrived ....
those smart new woolen
dresses for fall wear.
See them before you leave
at the Clothes Closet
only $8.00
THE CLOTHES
CLOSET
510 Waverley
.
zzjk
They've just
arrived ....
those smart new woolen
dresses for fall wear.
See them before you leave
at the Clothes Closet
only $8.00
THE CLOTHES
CLOSET
510 Waverley
.
zzjk
They've just
arrived ....
those smart new woolen
dresses for fall wear.
See them before you leave
at the Clothes Closet
only $8.00
THE CLOTHES
CLOSET
510 Waverley
.
zzjk
They've just
arrived ....
those smart new woolen
dresses for fall wear.
See them before you leave
at the Clothes Closet
only $8.00
THE CLOTHES
CLOSET
510 Waverley
.
zzjk
They've just
arrived ....
those smart new woolen
dresses for fall wear.
See them before you leave
at the Clothes Closet
only $8.00
THE CLOTHES
CLOSET
510 Waverley
.
zzjk
They've just
arrived ....
those smart new woolen
dresses for fall wear.
See them before you leave
at the Clothes Closet
only $8.00
THE CLOTHES
CLOSET
510 Waverley
.
zzjk
They've just
arrived ....
those smart new woolen
dresses for fall wear.
See them before you leave
at the Clothes Closet
only $8.00
THE CLOTHES
CLOSET
510 Waverley
.
zzjk
They've just
arrived ....
those smart new woolen
dresses for fall wear.
See them before you leave
at the Clothes Closet
only $8.00
THE CLOTHES
CLOSET
510 Waverley
.
zzjk
They've just
arrived ....
those smart new woolen
dresses for fall wear.
See them before you leave
at the Clothes Closet
only $8.00
THE CLOTHES
CLOSET
510 Waverley
.
zzjk
They've just
arrived ....
those smart new woolen
dresses for fall wear.
See them before you leave
at the Clothes Closet
only $8.00
THE CLOTHES
CLOSET
510 Waverley
.
zzjk
They've just
arrived ....
those smart new woolen
dresses for fall wear.
See them before you leave
at the Clothes Closet
only $8.00
THE CLOTHES
CLOSET
510 Waverley
.
zzjk
They've just
arrived ....
those smart new woolen
dresses for fall wear.
See them before you leave
at the Clothes Closet
only $8.00
THE CLOTHES
CLOSET
510 Waverley
.
