# Chemist Group To Visit Campus This Afternoon
## 
### 
The campus will be the scene of a
visit from the members of the Amer
ican Chemical Society this afternoon
when the group leaves convention
headquarters in San Francisco and
journeys to Stanford for a tour of in*
spection.
The visit will include a visit to the
Carnegie biological laboratory and the
chemistry building, where 13 depart
ment members will be present to ex
plain or demonstrate the various re
search projects being carried on. Dr.
Robert E. Swain, Professor J. W. Mc-
Bain, Dr. James H. C. Smith, Dr. F. A.
Koenig, and Professor George S. Parks
are the Stanford professors attending.
The convention, which opened Mon
day in San Francisco, has brought to
light a number of interesting discov
eries in the field of chemistry.
The campus will be the scene of a
visit from the members of the Amer
ican Chemical Society this afternoon
when the group leaves convention
headquarters in San Francisco and
journeys to Stanford for a tour of in*
spection.
The visit will include a visit to the
Carnegie biological laboratory and the
chemistry building, where 13 depart
ment members will be present to ex
plain or demonstrate the various re
search projects being carried on. Dr.
Robert E. Swain, Professor J. W. Mc-
Bain, Dr. James H. C. Smith, Dr. F. A.
Koenig, and Professor George S. Parks
are the Stanford professors attending.
The convention, which opened Mon
day in San Francisco, has brought to
light a number of interesting discov
eries in the field of chemistry.
The campus will be the scene of a
visit from the members of the Amer
ican Chemical Society this afternoon
when the group leaves convention
headquarters in San Francisco and
journeys to Stanford for a tour of in*
spection.
The visit will include a visit to the
Carnegie biological laboratory and the
chemistry building, where 13 depart
ment members will be present to ex
plain or demonstrate the various re
search projects being carried on. Dr.
Robert E. Swain, Professor J. W. Mc-
Bain, Dr. James H. C. Smith, Dr. F. A.
Koenig, and Professor George S. Parks
are the Stanford professors attending.
The convention, which opened Mon
day in San Francisco, has brought to
light a number of interesting discov
eries in the field of chemistry.
The campus will be the scene of a
visit from the members of the Amer
ican Chemical Society this afternoon
when the group leaves convention
headquarters in San Francisco and
journeys to Stanford for a tour of in*
spection.
The visit will include a visit to the
Carnegie biological laboratory and the
chemistry building, where 13 depart
ment members will be present to ex
plain or demonstrate the various re
search projects being carried on. Dr.
Robert E. Swain, Professor J. W. Mc-
Bain, Dr. James H. C. Smith, Dr. F. A.
Koenig, and Professor George S. Parks
are the Stanford professors attending.
The convention, which opened Mon
day in San Francisco, has brought to
light a number of interesting discov
eries in the field of chemistry.
The campus will be the scene of a
visit from the members of the Amer
ican Chemical Society this afternoon
when the group leaves convention
headquarters in San Francisco and
journeys to Stanford for a tour of in*
spection.
The visit will include a visit to the
Carnegie biological laboratory and the
chemistry building, where 13 depart
ment members will be present to ex
plain or demonstrate the various re
search projects being carried on. Dr.
Robert E. Swain, Professor J. W. Mc-
Bain, Dr. James H. C. Smith, Dr. F. A.
Koenig, and Professor George S. Parks
are the Stanford professors attending.
The convention, which opened Mon
day in San Francisco, has brought to
light a number of interesting discov
eries in the field of chemistry.
The campus will be the scene of a
visit from the members of the Amer
ican Chemical Society this afternoon
when the group leaves convention
headquarters in San Francisco and
journeys to Stanford for a tour of in*
spection.
The visit will include a visit to the
Carnegie biological laboratory and the
chemistry building, where 13 depart
ment members will be present to ex
plain or demonstrate the various re
search projects being carried on. Dr.
Robert E. Swain, Professor J. W. Mc-
Bain, Dr. James H. C. Smith, Dr. F. A.
Koenig, and Professor George S. Parks
are the Stanford professors attending.
The convention, which opened Mon
day in San Francisco, has brought to
light a number of interesting discov
eries in the field of chemistry.
The campus will be the scene of a
visit from the members of the Amer
ican Chemical Society this afternoon
when the group leaves convention
headquarters in San Francisco and
journeys to Stanford for a tour of in*
spection.
The visit will include a visit to the
Carnegie biological laboratory and the
chemistry building, where 13 depart
ment members will be present to ex
plain or demonstrate the various re
search projects being carried on. Dr.
Robert E. Swain, Professor J. W. Mc-
Bain, Dr. James H. C. Smith, Dr. F. A.
Koenig, and Professor George S. Parks
are the Stanford professors attending.
The convention, which opened Mon
day in San Francisco, has brought to
light a number of interesting discov
eries in the field of chemistry.
The campus will be the scene of a
visit from the members of the Amer
ican Chemical Society this afternoon
when the group leaves convention
headquarters in San Francisco and
journeys to Stanford for a tour of in*
spection.
The visit will include a visit to the
Carnegie biological laboratory and the
chemistry building, where 13 depart
ment members will be present to ex
plain or demonstrate the various re
search projects being carried on. Dr.
Robert E. Swain, Professor J. W. Mc-
Bain, Dr. James H. C. Smith, Dr. F. A.
Koenig, and Professor George S. Parks
are the Stanford professors attending.
The convention, which opened Mon
day in San Francisco, has brought to
light a number of interesting discov
eries in the field of chemistry.
The campus will be the scene of a
visit from the members of the Amer
ican Chemical Society this afternoon
when the group leaves convention
headquarters in San Francisco and
journeys to Stanford for a tour of in*
spection.
The visit will include a visit to the
Carnegie biological laboratory and the
chemistry building, where 13 depart
ment members will be present to ex
plain or demonstrate the various re
search projects being carried on. Dr.
Robert E. Swain, Professor J. W. Mc-
Bain, Dr. James H. C. Smith, Dr. F. A.
Koenig, and Professor George S. Parks
are the Stanford professors attending.
The convention, which opened Mon
day in San Francisco, has brought to
light a number of interesting discov
eries in the field of chemistry.
The campus will be the scene of a
visit from the members of the Amer
ican Chemical Society this afternoon
when the group leaves convention
headquarters in San Francisco and
journeys to Stanford for a tour of in*
spection.
The visit will include a visit to the
Carnegie biological laboratory and the
chemistry building, where 13 depart
ment members will be present to ex
plain or demonstrate the various re
search projects being carried on. Dr.
Robert E. Swain, Professor J. W. Mc-
Bain, Dr. James H. C. Smith, Dr. F. A.
Koenig, and Professor George S. Parks
are the Stanford professors attending.
The convention, which opened Mon
day in San Francisco, has brought to
light a number of interesting discov
eries in the field of chemistry.
The campus will be the scene of a
visit from the members of the Amer
ican Chemical Society this afternoon
when the group leaves convention
headquarters in San Francisco and
journeys to Stanford for a tour of in*
spection.
The visit will include a visit to the
Carnegie biological laboratory and the
chemistry building, where 13 depart
ment members will be present to ex
plain or demonstrate the various re
search projects being carried on. Dr.
Robert E. Swain, Professor J. W. Mc-
Bain, Dr. James H. C. Smith, Dr. F. A.
Koenig, and Professor George S. Parks
are the Stanford professors attending.
The convention, which opened Mon
day in San Francisco, has brought to
light a number of interesting discov
eries in the field of chemistry.
The campus will be the scene of a
visit from the members of the Amer
ican Chemical Society this afternoon
when the group leaves convention
headquarters in San Francisco and
journeys to Stanford for a tour of in*
spection.
The visit will include a visit to the
Carnegie biological laboratory and the
chemistry building, where 13 depart
ment members will be present to ex
plain or demonstrate the various re
search projects being carried on. Dr.
Robert E. Swain, Professor J. W. Mc-
Bain, Dr. James H. C. Smith, Dr. F. A.
Koenig, and Professor George S. Parks
are the Stanford professors attending.
The convention, which opened Mon
day in San Francisco, has brought to
light a number of interesting discov
eries in the field of chemistry.
The campus will be the scene of a
visit from the members of the Amer
ican Chemical Society this afternoon
when the group leaves convention
headquarters in San Francisco and
journeys to Stanford for a tour of in*
spection.
The visit will include a visit to the
Carnegie biological laboratory and the
chemistry building, where 13 depart
ment members will be present to ex
plain or demonstrate the various re
search projects being carried on. Dr.
Robert E. Swain, Professor J. W. Mc-
Bain, Dr. James H. C. Smith, Dr. F. A.
Koenig, and Professor George S. Parks
are the Stanford professors attending.
The convention, which opened Mon
day in San Francisco, has brought to
light a number of interesting discov
eries in the field of chemistry.
The campus will be the scene of a
visit from the members of the Amer
ican Chemical Society this afternoon
when the group leaves convention
headquarters in San Francisco and
journeys to Stanford for a tour of in*
spection.
The visit will include a visit to the
Carnegie biological laboratory and the
chemistry building, where 13 depart
ment members will be present to ex
plain or demonstrate the various re
search projects being carried on. Dr.
Robert E. Swain, Professor J. W. Mc-
Bain, Dr. James H. C. Smith, Dr. F. A.
Koenig, and Professor George S. Parks
are the Stanford professors attending.
The convention, which opened Mon
day in San Francisco, has brought to
light a number of interesting discov
eries in the field of chemistry.
The campus will be the scene of a
visit from the members of the Amer
ican Chemical Society this afternoon
when the group leaves convention
headquarters in San Francisco and
journeys to Stanford for a tour of in*
spection.
The visit will include a visit to the
Carnegie biological laboratory and the
chemistry building, where 13 depart
ment members will be present to ex
plain or demonstrate the various re
search projects being carried on. Dr.
Robert E. Swain, Professor J. W. Mc-
Bain, Dr. James H. C. Smith, Dr. F. A.
Koenig, and Professor George S. Parks
are the Stanford professors attending.
The convention, which opened Mon
day in San Francisco, has brought to
light a number of interesting discov
eries in the field of chemistry.
