# Injured Vaulters Attend Classes.
## 
### 
C. E. Hoyle, ' 1 r». who suffered a badly
torn ankle in vaulting on March 2, in
able with the aid of crutches to attend
classes again.
E. R. Hall, '14, also returned to his
class work today.
C. E. Hoyle, ' 1 r». who suffered a badly
torn ankle in vaulting on March 2, in
able with the aid of crutches to attend
classes again.
E. R. Hall, '14, also returned to his
class work today.
C. E. Hoyle, ' 1 r». who suffered a badly
torn ankle in vaulting on March 2, in
able with the aid of crutches to attend
classes again.
E. R. Hall, '14, also returned to his
class work today.
C. E. Hoyle, ' 1 r». who suffered a badly
torn ankle in vaulting on March 2, in
able with the aid of crutches to attend
classes again.
E. R. Hall, '14, also returned to his
class work today.
C. E. Hoyle, ' 1 r». who suffered a badly
torn ankle in vaulting on March 2, in
able with the aid of crutches to attend
classes again.
E. R. Hall, '14, also returned to his
class work today.
C. E. Hoyle, ' 1 r». who suffered a badly
torn ankle in vaulting on March 2, in
able with the aid of crutches to attend
classes again.
E. R. Hall, '14, also returned to his
class work today.
C. E. Hoyle, ' 1 r». who suffered a badly
torn ankle in vaulting on March 2, in
able with the aid of crutches to attend
classes again.
E. R. Hall, '14, also returned to his
class work today.
C. E. Hoyle, ' 1 r». who suffered a badly
torn ankle in vaulting on March 2, in
able with the aid of crutches to attend
classes again.
E. R. Hall, '14, also returned to his
class work today.
C. E. Hoyle, ' 1 r». who suffered a badly
torn ankle in vaulting on March 2, in
able with the aid of crutches to attend
classes again.
E. R. Hall, '14, also returned to his
class work today.
C. E. Hoyle, ' 1 r». who suffered a badly
torn ankle in vaulting on March 2, in
able with the aid of crutches to attend
classes again.
E. R. Hall, '14, also returned to his
class work today.
C. E. Hoyle, ' 1 r». who suffered a badly
torn ankle in vaulting on March 2, in
able with the aid of crutches to attend
classes again.
E. R. Hall, '14, also returned to his
class work today.
C. E. Hoyle, ' 1 r». who suffered a badly
torn ankle in vaulting on March 2, in
able with the aid of crutches to attend
classes again.
E. R. Hall, '14, also returned to his
class work today.
C. E. Hoyle, ' 1 r». who suffered a badly
torn ankle in vaulting on March 2, in
able with the aid of crutches to attend
classes again.
E. R. Hall, '14, also returned to his
class work today.
