# GIRLS WILL NOT SING THE "HOUN DAWG" SONG
## But Oh! My! You Should See Those Moving Pictures of "Roughneck Corner." 
### 
Stanford again appears in the lime
light; her customs and local color are
to he perpetuated by the newest his
torian, the moving picture film. The
fantastic cameras of Pathe Frores and
the American FMograph have been busy
upon the campus during tho past week,
taking snap shots and panoramic views
of tho "Roughneck Corner" and other
interesting local spots.
After endless negotiations, tho Pathe
Freres have consented to allow a pre
liminary view of the films to be given
to the residents of tho campus, and a
selected number will bo put upon tho
reel at Roble Hall, Thursday after
noon, at 4:30, under tho auspices of
the Women's League. No admission
will be charged and refreshments will
be served at the end of the nroeram.
Stanford again appears in the lime
light; her customs and local color are
to he perpetuated by the newest his
torian, the moving picture film. The
fantastic cameras of Pathe Frores and
the American FMograph have been busy
upon the campus during tho past week,
taking snap shots and panoramic views
of tho "Roughneck Corner" and other
interesting local spots.
After endless negotiations, tho Pathe
Freres have consented to allow a pre
liminary view of the films to be given
to the residents of tho campus, and a
selected number will bo put upon tho
reel at Roble Hall, Thursday after
noon, at 4:30, under tho auspices of
the Women's League. No admission
will be charged and refreshments will
be served at the end of the nroeram.
Stanford again appears in the lime
light; her customs and local color are
to he perpetuated by the newest his
torian, the moving picture film. The
fantastic cameras of Pathe Frores and
the American FMograph have been busy
upon the campus during tho past week,
taking snap shots and panoramic views
of tho "Roughneck Corner" and other
interesting local spots.
After endless negotiations, tho Pathe
Freres have consented to allow a pre
liminary view of the films to be given
to the residents of tho campus, and a
selected number will bo put upon tho
reel at Roble Hall, Thursday after
noon, at 4:30, under tho auspices of
the Women's League. No admission
will be charged and refreshments will
be served at the end of the nroeram.
Stanford again appears in the lime
light; her customs and local color are
to he perpetuated by the newest his
torian, the moving picture film. The
fantastic cameras of Pathe Frores and
the American FMograph have been busy
upon the campus during tho past week,
taking snap shots and panoramic views
of tho "Roughneck Corner" and other
interesting local spots.
After endless negotiations, tho Pathe
Freres have consented to allow a pre
liminary view of the films to be given
to the residents of tho campus, and a
selected number will bo put upon tho
reel at Roble Hall, Thursday after
noon, at 4:30, under tho auspices of
the Women's League. No admission
will be charged and refreshments will
be served at the end of the nroeram.
Stanford again appears in the lime
light; her customs and local color are
to he perpetuated by the newest his
torian, the moving picture film. The
fantastic cameras of Pathe Frores and
the American FMograph have been busy
upon the campus during tho past week,
taking snap shots and panoramic views
of tho "Roughneck Corner" and other
interesting local spots.
After endless negotiations, tho Pathe
Freres have consented to allow a pre
liminary view of the films to be given
to the residents of tho campus, and a
selected number will bo put upon tho
reel at Roble Hall, Thursday after
noon, at 4:30, under tho auspices of
the Women's League. No admission
will be charged and refreshments will
be served at the end of the nroeram.
Stanford again appears in the lime
light; her customs and local color are
to he perpetuated by the newest his
torian, the moving picture film. The
fantastic cameras of Pathe Frores and
the American FMograph have been busy
upon the campus during tho past week,
taking snap shots and panoramic views
of tho "Roughneck Corner" and other
interesting local spots.
After endless negotiations, tho Pathe
Freres have consented to allow a pre
liminary view of the films to be given
to the residents of tho campus, and a
selected number will bo put upon tho
reel at Roble Hall, Thursday after
noon, at 4:30, under tho auspices of
the Women's League. No admission
will be charged and refreshments will
be served at the end of the nroeram.
Stanford again appears in the lime
light; her customs and local color are
to he perpetuated by the newest his
torian, the moving picture film. The
fantastic cameras of Pathe Frores and
the American FMograph have been busy
upon the campus during tho past week,
taking snap shots and panoramic views
of tho "Roughneck Corner" and other
interesting local spots.
After endless negotiations, tho Pathe
Freres have consented to allow a pre
liminary view of the films to be given
to the residents of tho campus, and a
selected number will bo put upon tho
reel at Roble Hall, Thursday after
noon, at 4:30, under tho auspices of
the Women's League. No admission
will be charged and refreshments will
be served at the end of the nroeram.
Stanford again appears in the lime
light; her customs and local color are
to he perpetuated by the newest his
torian, the moving picture film. The
fantastic cameras of Pathe Frores and
the American FMograph have been busy
upon the campus during tho past week,
taking snap shots and panoramic views
of tho "Roughneck Corner" and other
interesting local spots.
After endless negotiations, tho Pathe
Freres have consented to allow a pre
liminary view of the films to be given
to the residents of tho campus, and a
selected number will bo put upon tho
reel at Roble Hall, Thursday after
noon, at 4:30, under tho auspices of
the Women's League. No admission
will be charged and refreshments will
be served at the end of the nroeram.
Stanford again appears in the lime
light; her customs and local color are
to he perpetuated by the newest his
torian, the moving picture film. The
fantastic cameras of Pathe Frores and
the American FMograph have been busy
upon the campus during tho past week,
taking snap shots and panoramic views
of tho "Roughneck Corner" and other
interesting local spots.
After endless negotiations, tho Pathe
Freres have consented to allow a pre
liminary view of the films to be given
to the residents of tho campus, and a
selected number will bo put upon tho
reel at Roble Hall, Thursday after
noon, at 4:30, under tho auspices of
the Women's League. No admission
will be charged and refreshments will
be served at the end of the nroeram.
Stanford again appears in the lime
light; her customs and local color are
to he perpetuated by the newest his
torian, the moving picture film. The
fantastic cameras of Pathe Frores and
the American FMograph have been busy
upon the campus during tho past week,
taking snap shots and panoramic views
of tho "Roughneck Corner" and other
interesting local spots.
After endless negotiations, tho Pathe
Freres have consented to allow a pre
liminary view of the films to be given
to the residents of tho campus, and a
selected number will bo put upon tho
reel at Roble Hall, Thursday after
noon, at 4:30, under tho auspices of
the Women's League. No admission
will be charged and refreshments will
be served at the end of the nroeram.
Stanford again appears in the lime
light; her customs and local color are
to he perpetuated by the newest his
torian, the moving picture film. The
fantastic cameras of Pathe Frores and
the American FMograph have been busy
upon the campus during tho past week,
taking snap shots and panoramic views
of tho "Roughneck Corner" and other
interesting local spots.
After endless negotiations, tho Pathe
Freres have consented to allow a pre
liminary view of the films to be given
to the residents of tho campus, and a
selected number will bo put upon tho
reel at Roble Hall, Thursday after
noon, at 4:30, under tho auspices of
the Women's League. No admission
will be charged and refreshments will
be served at the end of the nroeram.
Stanford again appears in the lime
light; her customs and local color are
to he perpetuated by the newest his
torian, the moving picture film. The
fantastic cameras of Pathe Frores and
the American FMograph have been busy
upon the campus during tho past week,
taking snap shots and panoramic views
of tho "Roughneck Corner" and other
interesting local spots.
After endless negotiations, tho Pathe
Freres have consented to allow a pre
liminary view of the films to be given
to the residents of tho campus, and a
selected number will bo put upon tho
reel at Roble Hall, Thursday after
noon, at 4:30, under tho auspices of
the Women's League. No admission
will be charged and refreshments will
be served at the end of the nroeram.
Stanford again appears in the lime
light; her customs and local color are
to he perpetuated by the newest his
torian, the moving picture film. The
fantastic cameras of Pathe Frores and
the American FMograph have been busy
upon the campus during tho past week,
taking snap shots and panoramic views
of tho "Roughneck Corner" and other
interesting local spots.
After endless negotiations, tho Pathe
Freres have consented to allow a pre
liminary view of the films to be given
to the residents of tho campus, and a
selected number will bo put upon tho
reel at Roble Hall, Thursday after
noon, at 4:30, under tho auspices of
the Women's League. No admission
will be charged and refreshments will
be served at the end of the nroeram.
