# Morgan to Attend Goethe Festival
## 
### 
Dr. Bayard Quincy Morgan, pro
fessor emeritus of German at Stan
ford, is one of three American
scholars invited by U.S. military
government officials in Germany to
attend the Goethe bicentennial cel
ebration at Frankfurt-on-the-Main.
Dr. Morgan, Professor Orie W.
Long of Williams College, and Pro
fessor A. E. Zucker of the Univer
sity of Maryland will be guests of
the military government in Frank
furt for three weeks during the
celebration.
Dr. Morgan will leave for Wash
ington, D.C., by air Sunday. He
will join the other two scholars at
Westover Field, Mass., from where
they will be flown by military
transport to Germany.
Dr. Morgan, who last visited Ger
many in 1939, plans to return to the
United States about Oct. 1.
