# All-Frosh Picnic Slated at Adobe
## 
### 
Preparations for the All-Frosh
Picnic next Friday afternoon at
Adobe Creek are proceeding ac
cording to schedule. Several activ
ities are slated for afternoon and
evening.
The affair is open to all freshmen
Jiving on either the third or the
fourth floor of Encina, with or
without dates. Activities in the af
ternoon will include swimming,
tennis, Softball, football, and vol
leyball.
Evening entertainment will be
highlighted by dancing under the
stars to the music of the Adobe
Creek orchestra. At G a dinner of
wieners, potato salad, and soft
drinks will be served.
Anyone wishing to attend is re
minded to sign up on the bulletin
boards in Encina. Transportation
will be provided.
Preparations for the All-Frosh
Picnic next Friday afternoon at
Adobe Creek are proceeding ac
cording to schedule. Several activ
ities are slated for afternoon and
evening.
The affair is open to all freshmen
Jiving on either the third or the
fourth floor of Encina, with or
without dates. Activities in the af
ternoon will include swimming,
tennis, Softball, football, and vol
leyball.
Evening entertainment will be
highlighted by dancing under the
stars to the music of the Adobe
Creek orchestra. At G a dinner of
wieners, potato salad, and soft
drinks will be served.
Anyone wishing to attend is re
minded to sign up on the bulletin
boards in Encina. Transportation
will be provided.
Preparations for the All-Frosh
Picnic next Friday afternoon at
Adobe Creek are proceeding ac
cording to schedule. Several activ
ities are slated for afternoon and
evening.
The affair is open to all freshmen
Jiving on either the third or the
fourth floor of Encina, with or
without dates. Activities in the af
ternoon will include swimming,
tennis, Softball, football, and vol
leyball.
Evening entertainment will be
highlighted by dancing under the
stars to the music of the Adobe
Creek orchestra. At G a dinner of
wieners, potato salad, and soft
drinks will be served.
Anyone wishing to attend is re
minded to sign up on the bulletin
boards in Encina. Transportation
will be provided.
Preparations for the All-Frosh
Picnic next Friday afternoon at
Adobe Creek are proceeding ac
cording to schedule. Several activ
ities are slated for afternoon and
evening.
The affair is open to all freshmen
Jiving on either the third or the
fourth floor of Encina, with or
without dates. Activities in the af
ternoon will include swimming,
tennis, Softball, football, and vol
leyball.
Evening entertainment will be
highlighted by dancing under the
stars to the music of the Adobe
Creek orchestra. At G a dinner of
wieners, potato salad, and soft
drinks will be served.
Anyone wishing to attend is re
minded to sign up on the bulletin
boards in Encina. Transportation
will be provided.
Preparations for the All-Frosh
Picnic next Friday afternoon at
Adobe Creek are proceeding ac
cording to schedule. Several activ
ities are slated for afternoon and
evening.
The affair is open to all freshmen
Jiving on either the third or the
fourth floor of Encina, with or
without dates. Activities in the af
ternoon will include swimming,
tennis, Softball, football, and vol
leyball.
Evening entertainment will be
highlighted by dancing under the
stars to the music of the Adobe
Creek orchestra. At G a dinner of
wieners, potato salad, and soft
drinks will be served.
Anyone wishing to attend is re
minded to sign up on the bulletin
boards in Encina. Transportation
will be provided.
Preparations for the All-Frosh
Picnic next Friday afternoon at
Adobe Creek are proceeding ac
cording to schedule. Several activ
ities are slated for afternoon and
evening.
The affair is open to all freshmen
Jiving on either the third or the
fourth floor of Encina, with or
without dates. Activities in the af
ternoon will include swimming,
tennis, Softball, football, and vol
leyball.
Evening entertainment will be
highlighted by dancing under the
stars to the music of the Adobe
Creek orchestra. At G a dinner of
wieners, potato salad, and soft
drinks will be served.
Anyone wishing to attend is re
minded to sign up on the bulletin
boards in Encina. Transportation
will be provided.
Preparations for the All-Frosh
Picnic next Friday afternoon at
Adobe Creek are proceeding ac
cording to schedule. Several activ
ities are slated for afternoon and
evening.
The affair is open to all freshmen
Jiving on either the third or the
fourth floor of Encina, with or
without dates. Activities in the af
ternoon will include swimming,
tennis, Softball, football, and vol
leyball.
Evening entertainment will be
highlighted by dancing under the
stars to the music of the Adobe
Creek orchestra. At G a dinner of
wieners, potato salad, and soft
drinks will be served.
Anyone wishing to attend is re
minded to sign up on the bulletin
boards in Encina. Transportation
will be provided.
Preparations for the All-Frosh
Picnic next Friday afternoon at
Adobe Creek are proceeding ac
cording to schedule. Several activ
ities are slated for afternoon and
evening.
The affair is open to all freshmen
Jiving on either the third or the
fourth floor of Encina, with or
without dates. Activities in the af
ternoon will include swimming,
tennis, Softball, football, and vol
leyball.
Evening entertainment will be
highlighted by dancing under the
stars to the music of the Adobe
Creek orchestra. At G a dinner of
wieners, potato salad, and soft
drinks will be served.
Anyone wishing to attend is re
minded to sign up on the bulletin
boards in Encina. Transportation
will be provided.
Preparations for the All-Frosh
Picnic next Friday afternoon at
Adobe Creek are proceeding ac
cording to schedule. Several activ
ities are slated for afternoon and
evening.
The affair is open to all freshmen
Jiving on either the third or the
fourth floor of Encina, with or
without dates. Activities in the af
ternoon will include swimming,
tennis, Softball, football, and vol
leyball.
Evening entertainment will be
highlighted by dancing under the
stars to the music of the Adobe
Creek orchestra. At G a dinner of
wieners, potato salad, and soft
drinks will be served.
Anyone wishing to attend is re
minded to sign up on the bulletin
boards in Encina. Transportation
will be provided.
Preparations for the All-Frosh
Picnic next Friday afternoon at
Adobe Creek are proceeding ac
cording to schedule. Several activ
ities are slated for afternoon and
evening.
The affair is open to all freshmen
Jiving on either the third or the
fourth floor of Encina, with or
without dates. Activities in the af
ternoon will include swimming,
tennis, Softball, football, and vol
leyball.
Evening entertainment will be
highlighted by dancing under the
stars to the music of the Adobe
Creek orchestra. At G a dinner of
wieners, potato salad, and soft
drinks will be served.
Anyone wishing to attend is re
minded to sign up on the bulletin
boards in Encina. Transportation
will be provided.
Preparations for the All-Frosh
Picnic next Friday afternoon at
Adobe Creek are proceeding ac
cording to schedule. Several activ
ities are slated for afternoon and
evening.
The affair is open to all freshmen
Jiving on either the third or the
fourth floor of Encina, with or
without dates. Activities in the af
ternoon will include swimming,
tennis, Softball, football, and vol
leyball.
Evening entertainment will be
highlighted by dancing under the
stars to the music of the Adobe
Creek orchestra. At G a dinner of
wieners, potato salad, and soft
drinks will be served.
Anyone wishing to attend is re
minded to sign up on the bulletin
boards in Encina. Transportation
will be provided.
Preparations for the All-Frosh
Picnic next Friday afternoon at
Adobe Creek are proceeding ac
cording to schedule. Several activ
ities are slated for afternoon and
evening.
The affair is open to all freshmen
Jiving on either the third or the
fourth floor of Encina, with or
without dates. Activities in the af
ternoon will include swimming,
tennis, Softball, football, and vol
leyball.
Evening entertainment will be
highlighted by dancing under the
stars to the music of the Adobe
Creek orchestra. At G a dinner of
wieners, potato salad, and soft
drinks will be served.
Anyone wishing to attend is re
minded to sign up on the bulletin
boards in Encina. Transportation
will be provided.
Preparations for the All-Frosh
Picnic next Friday afternoon at
Adobe Creek are proceeding ac
cording to schedule. Several activ
ities are slated for afternoon and
evening.
The affair is open to all freshmen
Jiving on either the third or the
fourth floor of Encina, with or
without dates. Activities in the af
ternoon will include swimming,
tennis, Softball, football, and vol
leyball.
Evening entertainment will be
highlighted by dancing under the
stars to the music of the Adobe
Creek orchestra. At G a dinner of
wieners, potato salad, and soft
drinks will be served.
Anyone wishing to attend is re
minded to sign up on the bulletin
boards in Encina. Transportation
will be provided.
Preparations for the All-Frosh
Picnic next Friday afternoon at
Adobe Creek are proceeding ac
cording to schedule. Several activ
ities are slated for afternoon and
evening.
The affair is open to all freshmen
Jiving on either the third or the
fourth floor of Encina, with or
without dates. Activities in the af
ternoon will include swimming,
tennis, Softball, football, and vol
leyball.
Evening entertainment will be
highlighted by dancing under the
stars to the music of the Adobe
Creek orchestra. At G a dinner of
wieners, potato salad, and soft
drinks will be served.
Anyone wishing to attend is re
minded to sign up on the bulletin
boards in Encina. Transportation
will be provided.
