# BYRD PUBLISHES 1948 EDITION
## 
### 
Dr. Oliver E. Bvrd. professor of
education, has published the 1948
edition of "Health Instruction Year
book." The publications covers
every phase of health and health
problems.
Dr. Oliver E. Bvrd. professor of
education, has published the 1948
edition of "Health Instruction Year
book." The publications covers
every phase of health and health
problems.
Dr. Oliver E. Bvrd. professor of
education, has published the 1948
edition of "Health Instruction Year
book." The publications covers
every phase of health and health
problems.
Dr. Oliver E. Bvrd. professor of
education, has published the 1948
edition of "Health Instruction Year
book." The publications covers
every phase of health and health
problems.
Dr. Oliver E. Bvrd. professor of
education, has published the 1948
edition of "Health Instruction Year
book." The publications covers
every phase of health and health
problems.
Dr. Oliver E. Bvrd. professor of
education, has published the 1948
edition of "Health Instruction Year
book." The publications covers
every phase of health and health
problems.
Dr. Oliver E. Bvrd. professor of
education, has published the 1948
edition of "Health Instruction Year
book." The publications covers
every phase of health and health
problems.
Dr. Oliver E. Bvrd. professor of
education, has published the 1948
edition of "Health Instruction Year
book." The publications covers
every phase of health and health
problems.
Dr. Oliver E. Bvrd. professor of
education, has published the 1948
edition of "Health Instruction Year
book." The publications covers
every phase of health and health
problems.
Dr. Oliver E. Bvrd. professor of
education, has published the 1948
edition of "Health Instruction Year
book." The publications covers
every phase of health and health
problems.
Dr. Oliver E. Bvrd. professor of
education, has published the 1948
edition of "Health Instruction Year
book." The publications covers
every phase of health and health
problems.
Dr. Oliver E. Bvrd. professor of
education, has published the 1948
edition of "Health Instruction Year
book." The publications covers
every phase of health and health
problems.
Dr. Oliver E. Bvrd. professor of
education, has published the 1948
edition of "Health Instruction Year
book." The publications covers
every phase of health and health
problems.
Dr. Oliver E. Bvrd. professor of
education, has published the 1948
edition of "Health Instruction Year
book." The publications covers
every phase of health and health
problems.
Dr. Oliver E. Bvrd. professor of
education, has published the 1948
edition of "Health Instruction Year
book." The publications covers
every phase of health and health
problems.
