# "FAT AND SASSY"
## 
### 
BEPLIN, Feb. (J (/P) —The British
leveled "swindle" charges today at
Russian occupation forces in Ger
many. charging the Soviets took food
from hungry Germans to fatten
themselves and their export trade.
BEPLIN, Feb. (J (/P) —The British
leveled "swindle" charges today at
Russian occupation forces in Ger
many. charging the Soviets took food
from hungry Germans to fatten
themselves and their export trade.
BEPLIN, Feb. (J (/P) —The British
leveled "swindle" charges today at
Russian occupation forces in Ger
many. charging the Soviets took food
from hungry Germans to fatten
themselves and their export trade.
BEPLIN, Feb. (J (/P) —The British
leveled "swindle" charges today at
Russian occupation forces in Ger
many. charging the Soviets took food
from hungry Germans to fatten
themselves and their export trade.
BEPLIN, Feb. (J (/P) —The British
leveled "swindle" charges today at
Russian occupation forces in Ger
many. charging the Soviets took food
from hungry Germans to fatten
themselves and their export trade.
BEPLIN, Feb. (J (/P) —The British
leveled "swindle" charges today at
Russian occupation forces in Ger
many. charging the Soviets took food
from hungry Germans to fatten
themselves and their export trade.
BEPLIN, Feb. (J (/P) —The British
leveled "swindle" charges today at
Russian occupation forces in Ger
many. charging the Soviets took food
from hungry Germans to fatten
themselves and their export trade.
BEPLIN, Feb. (J (/P) —The British
leveled "swindle" charges today at
Russian occupation forces in Ger
many. charging the Soviets took food
from hungry Germans to fatten
themselves and their export trade.
BEPLIN, Feb. (J (/P) —The British
leveled "swindle" charges today at
Russian occupation forces in Ger
many. charging the Soviets took food
from hungry Germans to fatten
themselves and their export trade.
BEPLIN, Feb. (J (/P) —The British
leveled "swindle" charges today at
Russian occupation forces in Ger
many. charging the Soviets took food
from hungry Germans to fatten
themselves and their export trade.
BEPLIN, Feb. (J (/P) —The British
leveled "swindle" charges today at
Russian occupation forces in Ger
many. charging the Soviets took food
from hungry Germans to fatten
themselves and their export trade.
BEPLIN, Feb. (J (/P) —The British
leveled "swindle" charges today at
Russian occupation forces in Ger
many. charging the Soviets took food
from hungry Germans to fatten
themselves and their export trade.
BEPLIN, Feb. (J (/P) —The British
leveled "swindle" charges today at
Russian occupation forces in Ger
many. charging the Soviets took food
from hungry Germans to fatten
themselves and their export trade.
BEPLIN, Feb. (J (/P) —The British
leveled "swindle" charges today at
Russian occupation forces in Ger
many. charging the Soviets took food
from hungry Germans to fatten
themselves and their export trade.
BEPLIN, Feb. (J (/P) —The British
leveled "swindle" charges today at
Russian occupation forces in Ger
many. charging the Soviets took food
from hungry Germans to fatten
themselves and their export trade.
