# Language Department Adds Russian Courses
## 
### 
Stanford's Russian language de
partment has added new courses in
translation, advanced conversation,
and scientific Russian to its spring
quarter schedule, according to an
announcement by Dr. Anthony E.
Sokol, had of the Asiatic and Slavic
studies department.
The systematic course in trans
lating Russian into English is the
first of its kind to be given in an
American university, Dr. Sokol said.
Conversation classes lor second
year students will use recording and
other audio aids.
Stanford's Russian language de
partment has added new courses in
translation, advanced conversation,
and scientific Russian to its spring
quarter schedule, according to an
announcement by Dr. Anthony E.
Sokol, had of the Asiatic and Slavic
studies department.
The systematic course in trans
lating Russian into English is the
first of its kind to be given in an
American university, Dr. Sokol said.
Conversation classes lor second
year students will use recording and
other audio aids.
Stanford's Russian language de
partment has added new courses in
translation, advanced conversation,
and scientific Russian to its spring
quarter schedule, according to an
announcement by Dr. Anthony E.
Sokol, had of the Asiatic and Slavic
studies department.
The systematic course in trans
lating Russian into English is the
first of its kind to be given in an
American university, Dr. Sokol said.
Conversation classes lor second
year students will use recording and
other audio aids.
Stanford's Russian language de
partment has added new courses in
translation, advanced conversation,
and scientific Russian to its spring
quarter schedule, according to an
announcement by Dr. Anthony E.
Sokol, had of the Asiatic and Slavic
studies department.
The systematic course in trans
lating Russian into English is the
first of its kind to be given in an
American university, Dr. Sokol said.
Conversation classes lor second
year students will use recording and
other audio aids.
Stanford's Russian language de
partment has added new courses in
translation, advanced conversation,
and scientific Russian to its spring
quarter schedule, according to an
announcement by Dr. Anthony E.
Sokol, had of the Asiatic and Slavic
studies department.
The systematic course in trans
lating Russian into English is the
first of its kind to be given in an
American university, Dr. Sokol said.
Conversation classes lor second
year students will use recording and
other audio aids.
Stanford's Russian language de
partment has added new courses in
translation, advanced conversation,
and scientific Russian to its spring
quarter schedule, according to an
announcement by Dr. Anthony E.
Sokol, had of the Asiatic and Slavic
studies department.
The systematic course in trans
lating Russian into English is the
first of its kind to be given in an
American university, Dr. Sokol said.
Conversation classes lor second
year students will use recording and
other audio aids.
Stanford's Russian language de
partment has added new courses in
translation, advanced conversation,
and scientific Russian to its spring
quarter schedule, according to an
announcement by Dr. Anthony E.
Sokol, had of the Asiatic and Slavic
studies department.
The systematic course in trans
lating Russian into English is the
first of its kind to be given in an
American university, Dr. Sokol said.
Conversation classes lor second
year students will use recording and
other audio aids.
Stanford's Russian language de
partment has added new courses in
translation, advanced conversation,
and scientific Russian to its spring
quarter schedule, according to an
announcement by Dr. Anthony E.
Sokol, had of the Asiatic and Slavic
studies department.
The systematic course in trans
lating Russian into English is the
first of its kind to be given in an
American university, Dr. Sokol said.
Conversation classes lor second
year students will use recording and
other audio aids.
Stanford's Russian language de
partment has added new courses in
translation, advanced conversation,
and scientific Russian to its spring
quarter schedule, according to an
announcement by Dr. Anthony E.
Sokol, had of the Asiatic and Slavic
studies department.
The systematic course in trans
lating Russian into English is the
first of its kind to be given in an
American university, Dr. Sokol said.
Conversation classes lor second
year students will use recording and
other audio aids.
Stanford's Russian language de
partment has added new courses in
translation, advanced conversation,
and scientific Russian to its spring
quarter schedule, according to an
announcement by Dr. Anthony E.
Sokol, had of the Asiatic and Slavic
studies department.
The systematic course in trans
lating Russian into English is the
first of its kind to be given in an
American university, Dr. Sokol said.
Conversation classes lor second
year students will use recording and
other audio aids.
Stanford's Russian language de
partment has added new courses in
translation, advanced conversation,
and scientific Russian to its spring
quarter schedule, according to an
announcement by Dr. Anthony E.
Sokol, had of the Asiatic and Slavic
studies department.
The systematic course in trans
lating Russian into English is the
first of its kind to be given in an
American university, Dr. Sokol said.
Conversation classes lor second
year students will use recording and
other audio aids.
Stanford's Russian language de
partment has added new courses in
translation, advanced conversation,
and scientific Russian to its spring
quarter schedule, according to an
announcement by Dr. Anthony E.
Sokol, had of the Asiatic and Slavic
studies department.
The systematic course in trans
lating Russian into English is the
first of its kind to be given in an
American university, Dr. Sokol said.
Conversation classes lor second
year students will use recording and
other audio aids.
Stanford's Russian language de
partment has added new courses in
translation, advanced conversation,
and scientific Russian to its spring
quarter schedule, according to an
announcement by Dr. Anthony E.
Sokol, had of the Asiatic and Slavic
studies department.
The systematic course in trans
lating Russian into English is the
first of its kind to be given in an
American university, Dr. Sokol said.
Conversation classes lor second
year students will use recording and
other audio aids.
Stanford's Russian language de
partment has added new courses in
translation, advanced conversation,
and scientific Russian to its spring
quarter schedule, according to an
announcement by Dr. Anthony E.
Sokol, had of the Asiatic and Slavic
studies department.
The systematic course in trans
lating Russian into English is the
first of its kind to be given in an
American university, Dr. Sokol said.
Conversation classes lor second
year students will use recording and
other audio aids.
Stanford's Russian language de
partment has added new courses in
translation, advanced conversation,
and scientific Russian to its spring
quarter schedule, according to an
announcement by Dr. Anthony E.
Sokol, had of the Asiatic and Slavic
studies department.
The systematic course in trans
lating Russian into English is the
first of its kind to be given in an
American university, Dr. Sokol said.
Conversation classes lor second
year students will use recording and
other audio aids.
