# Adv. 5 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS*
* %
Let’s run this up
the flagpole and
see if anyone salutes
it. That's another
great cliche. How
ever, we’re running
up Ernst vertical
stripe ties—and that’s
Ernst below saluting.
Don’t you get tired,
Ernst, standing at
attention all day.
You’ll never tire
of his ties {stripes
run other ways,
too.) But 2.50.
RQOS/ATKINS
i
■
■
■
I
■
■
m
I
i
i
B
I
¥
INDIANS*
* %
Let’s run this up
the flagpole and
see if anyone salutes
it. That's another
great cliche. How
ever, we’re running
up Ernst vertical
stripe ties—and that’s
Ernst below saluting.
Don’t you get tired,
Ernst, standing at
attention all day.
You’ll never tire
of his ties {stripes
run other ways,
too.) But 2.50.
RQOS/ATKINS
i
■
■
■
I
■
■
m
I
i
i
B
I
¥
INDIANS*
* %
Let’s run this up
the flagpole and
see if anyone salutes
it. That's another
great cliche. How
ever, we’re running
up Ernst vertical
stripe ties—and that’s
Ernst below saluting.
Don’t you get tired,
Ernst, standing at
attention all day.
You’ll never tire
of his ties {stripes
run other ways,
too.) But 2.50.
RQOS/ATKINS
i
■
■
■
I
■
■
m
I
i
i
B
I
¥
INDIANS*
* %
Let’s run this up
the flagpole and
see if anyone salutes
it. That's another
great cliche. How
ever, we’re running
up Ernst vertical
stripe ties—and that’s
Ernst below saluting.
Don’t you get tired,
Ernst, standing at
attention all day.
You’ll never tire
of his ties {stripes
run other ways,
too.) But 2.50.
RQOS/ATKINS
i
■
■
■
I
■
■
m
I
i
i
B
I
¥
INDIANS*
* %
Let’s run this up
the flagpole and
see if anyone salutes
it. That's another
great cliche. How
ever, we’re running
up Ernst vertical
stripe ties—and that’s
Ernst below saluting.
Don’t you get tired,
Ernst, standing at
attention all day.
You’ll never tire
of his ties {stripes
run other ways,
too.) But 2.50.
RQOS/ATKINS
i
■
■
■
I
■
■
m
I
i
i
B
I
¥
INDIANS*
* %
Let’s run this up
the flagpole and
see if anyone salutes
it. That's another
great cliche. How
ever, we’re running
up Ernst vertical
stripe ties—and that’s
Ernst below saluting.
Don’t you get tired,
Ernst, standing at
attention all day.
You’ll never tire
of his ties {stripes
run other ways,
too.) But 2.50.
RQOS/ATKINS
i
■
■
■
I
■
■
m
I
i
i
B
I
¥
INDIANS*
* %
Let’s run this up
the flagpole and
see if anyone salutes
it. That's another
great cliche. How
ever, we’re running
up Ernst vertical
stripe ties—and that’s
Ernst below saluting.
Don’t you get tired,
Ernst, standing at
attention all day.
You’ll never tire
of his ties {stripes
run other ways,
too.) But 2.50.
RQOS/ATKINS
i
■
■
■
I
■
■
m
I
i
i
B
I
¥
INDIANS*
* %
Let’s run this up
the flagpole and
see if anyone salutes
it. That's another
great cliche. How
ever, we’re running
up Ernst vertical
stripe ties—and that’s
Ernst below saluting.
Don’t you get tired,
Ernst, standing at
attention all day.
You’ll never tire
of his ties {stripes
run other ways,
too.) But 2.50.
RQOS/ATKINS
i
■
■
■
I
■
■
m
I
i
i
B
I
¥
INDIANS*
* %
Let’s run this up
the flagpole and
see if anyone salutes
it. That's another
great cliche. How
ever, we’re running
up Ernst vertical
stripe ties—and that’s
Ernst below saluting.
Don’t you get tired,
Ernst, standing at
attention all day.
You’ll never tire
of his ties {stripes
run other ways,
too.) But 2.50.
RQOS/ATKINS
i
■
■
■
I
■
■
m
I
i
i
B
I
¥
INDIANS*
* %
Let’s run this up
the flagpole and
see if anyone salutes
it. That's another
great cliche. How
ever, we’re running
up Ernst vertical
stripe ties—and that’s
Ernst below saluting.
Don’t you get tired,
Ernst, standing at
attention all day.
You’ll never tire
of his ties {stripes
run other ways,
too.) But 2.50.
RQOS/ATKINS
i
■
■
■
I
■
■
m
I
i
i
B
I
¥
INDIANS*
* %
Let’s run this up
the flagpole and
see if anyone salutes
it. That's another
great cliche. How
ever, we’re running
up Ernst vertical
stripe ties—and that’s
Ernst below saluting.
Don’t you get tired,
Ernst, standing at
attention all day.
You’ll never tire
of his ties {stripes
run other ways,
too.) But 2.50.
RQOS/ATKINS
i
■
■
■
I
■
■
m
I
i
i
B
I
¥
INDIANS*
* %
Let’s run this up
the flagpole and
see if anyone salutes
it. That's another
great cliche. How
ever, we’re running
up Ernst vertical
stripe ties—and that’s
Ernst below saluting.
Don’t you get tired,
Ernst, standing at
attention all day.
You’ll never tire
of his ties {stripes
run other ways,
too.) But 2.50.
RQOS/ATKINS
i
■
■
■
I
■
■
m
I
i
i
B
I
¥
INDIANS*
* %
Let’s run this up
the flagpole and
see if anyone salutes
it. That's another
great cliche. How
ever, we’re running
up Ernst vertical
stripe ties—and that’s
Ernst below saluting.
Don’t you get tired,
Ernst, standing at
attention all day.
You’ll never tire
of his ties {stripes
run other ways,
too.) But 2.50.
RQOS/ATKINS
i
■
■
■
I
■
■
m
I
i
i
B
I
¥
INDIANS*
* %
Let’s run this up
the flagpole and
see if anyone salutes
it. That's another
great cliche. How
ever, we’re running
up Ernst vertical
stripe ties—and that’s
Ernst below saluting.
Don’t you get tired,
Ernst, standing at
attention all day.
You’ll never tire
of his ties {stripes
run other ways,
too.) But 2.50.
RQOS/ATKINS
i
■
■
■
I
■
■
m
I
i
i
B
I
¥
INDIANS*
* %
Let’s run this up
the flagpole and
see if anyone salutes
it. That's another
great cliche. How
ever, we’re running
up Ernst vertical
stripe ties—and that’s
Ernst below saluting.
Don’t you get tired,
Ernst, standing at
attention all day.
You’ll never tire
of his ties {stripes
run other ways,
too.) But 2.50.
RQOS/ATKINS
i
■
■
■
I
■
■
m
I
i
i
B
I
¥
INDIANS*
* %
Let’s run this up
the flagpole and
see if anyone salutes
it. That's another
great cliche. How
ever, we’re running
up Ernst vertical
stripe ties—and that’s
Ernst below saluting.
Don’t you get tired,
Ernst, standing at
attention all day.
You’ll never tire
of his ties {stripes
run other ways,
too.) But 2.50.
RQOS/ATKINS
i
■
■
■
I
■
■
m
I
i
i
B
I
¥
INDIANS*
* %
Let’s run this up
the flagpole and
see if anyone salutes
it. That's another
great cliche. How
ever, we’re running
up Ernst vertical
stripe ties—and that’s
Ernst below saluting.
Don’t you get tired,
Ernst, standing at
attention all day.
You’ll never tire
of his ties {stripes
run other ways,
too.) But 2.50.
RQOS/ATKINS
i
■
■
■
I
■
■
m
I
i
i
B
I
¥
