# Stanford Hosts Chinese Confab
## 
### 
Stanford hosts the annual con
ference of the Chinese Students’
Intercollegiate Organization this
weekend. Beginning this after
noon and lasting until Sunday
evening, the 3000 conference
members will take part in ora
torical contests, debates, forums,
picnics and dances. The purpose
of the conference is to discuss
American-Chinese Relations.
For the oratorical contest, Chi
nese students from each campus
in California will speak on “The
Chinese in America and the Two
Chinas.” The debate topic will
be, “Resolved: That the United
States Should Recognize Red
China.” The Stanford team will
take the affirmative stand and
Cal, the negative.
To break up the academic ses
sions, there will be a baseball
tournament between the northern
division champs and the southern
division ones, and a talent show
with Professor James Liu of
Stanford as judge.
