# Executive Committee.
## 
### 
Last evening the student body
Executive Committee elected C. A.
Cantwell, '01, a member of the
Athletic Committee, to take the
place of C. B. Raitt, '03, who has
left the University. It was voted
to give the C-Jlee and Mandolin
Clubs a trip on condition that each
make a cash deposit of $15 as a
guarantee against a deficit. The
bond of J. A. Quelle as manager
of the Daily I'alo Alto was ac
cepted.
Last evening the student body
Executive Committee elected C. A.
Cantwell, '01, a member of the
Athletic Committee, to take the
place of C. B. Raitt, '03, who has
left the University. It was voted
to give the C-Jlee and Mandolin
Clubs a trip on condition that each
make a cash deposit of $15 as a
guarantee against a deficit. The
bond of J. A. Quelle as manager
of the Daily I'alo Alto was ac
cepted.
Last evening the student body
Executive Committee elected C. A.
Cantwell, '01, a member of the
Athletic Committee, to take the
place of C. B. Raitt, '03, who has
left the University. It was voted
to give the C-Jlee and Mandolin
Clubs a trip on condition that each
make a cash deposit of $15 as a
guarantee against a deficit. The
bond of J. A. Quelle as manager
of the Daily I'alo Alto was ac
cepted.
Last evening the student body
Executive Committee elected C. A.
Cantwell, '01, a member of the
Athletic Committee, to take the
place of C. B. Raitt, '03, who has
left the University. It was voted
to give the C-Jlee and Mandolin
Clubs a trip on condition that each
make a cash deposit of $15 as a
guarantee against a deficit. The
bond of J. A. Quelle as manager
of the Daily I'alo Alto was ac
cepted.
Last evening the student body
Executive Committee elected C. A.
Cantwell, '01, a member of the
Athletic Committee, to take the
place of C. B. Raitt, '03, who has
left the University. It was voted
to give the C-Jlee and Mandolin
Clubs a trip on condition that each
make a cash deposit of $15 as a
guarantee against a deficit. The
bond of J. A. Quelle as manager
of the Daily I'alo Alto was ac
cepted.
Last evening the student body
Executive Committee elected C. A.
Cantwell, '01, a member of the
Athletic Committee, to take the
place of C. B. Raitt, '03, who has
left the University. It was voted
to give the C-Jlee and Mandolin
Clubs a trip on condition that each
make a cash deposit of $15 as a
guarantee against a deficit. The
bond of J. A. Quelle as manager
of the Daily I'alo Alto was ac
cepted.
Last evening the student body
Executive Committee elected C. A.
Cantwell, '01, a member of the
Athletic Committee, to take the
place of C. B. Raitt, '03, who has
left the University. It was voted
to give the C-Jlee and Mandolin
Clubs a trip on condition that each
make a cash deposit of $15 as a
guarantee against a deficit. The
bond of J. A. Quelle as manager
of the Daily I'alo Alto was ac
cepted.
Last evening the student body
Executive Committee elected C. A.
Cantwell, '01, a member of the
Athletic Committee, to take the
place of C. B. Raitt, '03, who has
left the University. It was voted
to give the C-Jlee and Mandolin
Clubs a trip on condition that each
make a cash deposit of $15 as a
guarantee against a deficit. The
bond of J. A. Quelle as manager
of the Daily I'alo Alto was ac
cepted.
