# Change in Chemistry Department.
## 
### 
Owing to the fact that Dr. (J. M.
Richardson iH to leave for the East
next Tuesday, a slight rearrange
ment of courses has been necessary
in the department of Chemistry.
Organic Chemistry will he taught
this semester by Professor Still
man, Beginners' Inorganic by
Professor Young, and laboratory
work in Organic Preparation will
be conducted by Assistant Reidy.
The course in Advanced Organic
Chemistry will be discontinued.
Owing to the fact that Dr. (J. M.
Richardson iH to leave for the East
next Tuesday, a slight rearrange
ment of courses has been necessary
in the department of Chemistry.
Organic Chemistry will he taught
this semester by Professor Still
man, Beginners' Inorganic by
Professor Young, and laboratory
work in Organic Preparation will
be conducted by Assistant Reidy.
The course in Advanced Organic
Chemistry will be discontinued.
Owing to the fact that Dr. (J. M.
Richardson iH to leave for the East
next Tuesday, a slight rearrange
ment of courses has been necessary
in the department of Chemistry.
Organic Chemistry will he taught
this semester by Professor Still
man, Beginners' Inorganic by
Professor Young, and laboratory
work in Organic Preparation will
be conducted by Assistant Reidy.
The course in Advanced Organic
Chemistry will be discontinued.
Owing to the fact that Dr. (J. M.
Richardson iH to leave for the East
next Tuesday, a slight rearrange
ment of courses has been necessary
in the department of Chemistry.
Organic Chemistry will he taught
this semester by Professor Still
man, Beginners' Inorganic by
Professor Young, and laboratory
work in Organic Preparation will
be conducted by Assistant Reidy.
The course in Advanced Organic
Chemistry will be discontinued.
Owing to the fact that Dr. (J. M.
Richardson iH to leave for the East
next Tuesday, a slight rearrange
ment of courses has been necessary
in the department of Chemistry.
Organic Chemistry will he taught
this semester by Professor Still
man, Beginners' Inorganic by
Professor Young, and laboratory
work in Organic Preparation will
be conducted by Assistant Reidy.
The course in Advanced Organic
Chemistry will be discontinued.
Owing to the fact that Dr. (J. M.
Richardson iH to leave for the East
next Tuesday, a slight rearrange
ment of courses has been necessary
in the department of Chemistry.
Organic Chemistry will he taught
this semester by Professor Still
man, Beginners' Inorganic by
Professor Young, and laboratory
work in Organic Preparation will
be conducted by Assistant Reidy.
The course in Advanced Organic
Chemistry will be discontinued.
Owing to the fact that Dr. (J. M.
Richardson iH to leave for the East
next Tuesday, a slight rearrange
ment of courses has been necessary
in the department of Chemistry.
Organic Chemistry will he taught
this semester by Professor Still
man, Beginners' Inorganic by
Professor Young, and laboratory
work in Organic Preparation will
be conducted by Assistant Reidy.
The course in Advanced Organic
Chemistry will be discontinued.
Owing to the fact that Dr. (J. M.
Richardson iH to leave for the East
next Tuesday, a slight rearrange
ment of courses has been necessary
in the department of Chemistry.
Organic Chemistry will he taught
this semester by Professor Still
man, Beginners' Inorganic by
Professor Young, and laboratory
work in Organic Preparation will
be conducted by Assistant Reidy.
The course in Advanced Organic
Chemistry will be discontinued.
