# DR. PERCY A. MARTIN APPOINTED DELEGATE TO CUBAN UNIVERSITY
## 
### 
Dr. Percy A. Martin lias been ap
pointed by President Wilbur as the
official delegate from Stanford Uni
versity to the celebration of tbe two
hundredth anniversary of the found
ing of the University of Havana.
Stanford received an invitation to
send a representative to the observ
ance of the founding from January 5
to 9. The University of Havana was
founded by Dominican fathers in 1728.
As a professor of history, Dr. Mar
tin has been especially interested in
Latin America. Owing to his trip to
Havana, Professor Martin will not
give History 37, history of South
America since 1823, next quarter.
Dr. Percy A. Martin lias been ap
pointed by President Wilbur as the
official delegate from Stanford Uni
versity to the celebration of tbe two
hundredth anniversary of the found
ing of the University of Havana.
Stanford received an invitation to
send a representative to the observ
ance of the founding from January 5
to 9. The University of Havana was
founded by Dominican fathers in 1728.
As a professor of history, Dr. Mar
tin has been especially interested in
Latin America. Owing to his trip to
Havana, Professor Martin will not
give History 37, history of South
America since 1823, next quarter.
Dr. Percy A. Martin lias been ap
pointed by President Wilbur as the
official delegate from Stanford Uni
versity to the celebration of tbe two
hundredth anniversary of the found
ing of the University of Havana.
Stanford received an invitation to
send a representative to the observ
ance of the founding from January 5
to 9. The University of Havana was
founded by Dominican fathers in 1728.
As a professor of history, Dr. Mar
tin has been especially interested in
Latin America. Owing to his trip to
Havana, Professor Martin will not
give History 37, history of South
America since 1823, next quarter.
Dr. Percy A. Martin lias been ap
pointed by President Wilbur as the
official delegate from Stanford Uni
versity to the celebration of tbe two
hundredth anniversary of the found
ing of the University of Havana.
Stanford received an invitation to
send a representative to the observ
ance of the founding from January 5
to 9. The University of Havana was
founded by Dominican fathers in 1728.
As a professor of history, Dr. Mar
tin has been especially interested in
Latin America. Owing to his trip to
Havana, Professor Martin will not
give History 37, history of South
America since 1823, next quarter.
Dr. Percy A. Martin lias been ap
pointed by President Wilbur as the
official delegate from Stanford Uni
versity to the celebration of tbe two
hundredth anniversary of the found
ing of the University of Havana.
Stanford received an invitation to
send a representative to the observ
ance of the founding from January 5
to 9. The University of Havana was
founded by Dominican fathers in 1728.
As a professor of history, Dr. Mar
tin has been especially interested in
Latin America. Owing to his trip to
Havana, Professor Martin will not
give History 37, history of South
America since 1823, next quarter.
Dr. Percy A. Martin lias been ap
pointed by President Wilbur as the
official delegate from Stanford Uni
versity to the celebration of tbe two
hundredth anniversary of the found
ing of the University of Havana.
Stanford received an invitation to
send a representative to the observ
ance of the founding from January 5
to 9. The University of Havana was
founded by Dominican fathers in 1728.
As a professor of history, Dr. Mar
tin has been especially interested in
Latin America. Owing to his trip to
Havana, Professor Martin will not
give History 37, history of South
America since 1823, next quarter.
Dr. Percy A. Martin lias been ap
pointed by President Wilbur as the
official delegate from Stanford Uni
versity to the celebration of tbe two
hundredth anniversary of the found
ing of the University of Havana.
Stanford received an invitation to
send a representative to the observ
ance of the founding from January 5
to 9. The University of Havana was
founded by Dominican fathers in 1728.
As a professor of history, Dr. Mar
tin has been especially interested in
Latin America. Owing to his trip to
Havana, Professor Martin will not
give History 37, history of South
America since 1823, next quarter.
Dr. Percy A. Martin lias been ap
pointed by President Wilbur as the
official delegate from Stanford Uni
versity to the celebration of tbe two
hundredth anniversary of the found
ing of the University of Havana.
Stanford received an invitation to
send a representative to the observ
ance of the founding from January 5
to 9. The University of Havana was
founded by Dominican fathers in 1728.
As a professor of history, Dr. Mar
tin has been especially interested in
Latin America. Owing to his trip to
Havana, Professor Martin will not
give History 37, history of South
America since 1823, next quarter.
Dr. Percy A. Martin lias been ap
pointed by President Wilbur as the
official delegate from Stanford Uni
versity to the celebration of tbe two
hundredth anniversary of the found
ing of the University of Havana.
Stanford received an invitation to
send a representative to the observ
ance of the founding from January 5
to 9. The University of Havana was
founded by Dominican fathers in 1728.
As a professor of history, Dr. Mar
tin has been especially interested in
Latin America. Owing to his trip to
Havana, Professor Martin will not
give History 37, history of South
America since 1823, next quarter.
Dr. Percy A. Martin lias been ap
pointed by President Wilbur as the
official delegate from Stanford Uni
versity to the celebration of tbe two
hundredth anniversary of the found
ing of the University of Havana.
Stanford received an invitation to
send a representative to the observ
ance of the founding from January 5
to 9. The University of Havana was
founded by Dominican fathers in 1728.
As a professor of history, Dr. Mar
tin has been especially interested in
Latin America. Owing to his trip to
Havana, Professor Martin will not
give History 37, history of South
America since 1823, next quarter.
Dr. Percy A. Martin lias been ap
pointed by President Wilbur as the
official delegate from Stanford Uni
versity to the celebration of tbe two
hundredth anniversary of the found
ing of the University of Havana.
Stanford received an invitation to
send a representative to the observ
ance of the founding from January 5
to 9. The University of Havana was
founded by Dominican fathers in 1728.
As a professor of history, Dr. Mar
tin has been especially interested in
Latin America. Owing to his trip to
Havana, Professor Martin will not
give History 37, history of South
America since 1823, next quarter.
Dr. Percy A. Martin lias been ap
pointed by President Wilbur as the
official delegate from Stanford Uni
versity to the celebration of tbe two
hundredth anniversary of the found
ing of the University of Havana.
Stanford received an invitation to
send a representative to the observ
ance of the founding from January 5
to 9. The University of Havana was
founded by Dominican fathers in 1728.
As a professor of history, Dr. Mar
tin has been especially interested in
Latin America. Owing to his trip to
Havana, Professor Martin will not
give History 37, history of South
America since 1823, next quarter.
Dr. Percy A. Martin lias been ap
pointed by President Wilbur as the
official delegate from Stanford Uni
versity to the celebration of tbe two
hundredth anniversary of the found
ing of the University of Havana.
Stanford received an invitation to
send a representative to the observ
ance of the founding from January 5
to 9. The University of Havana was
founded by Dominican fathers in 1728.
As a professor of history, Dr. Mar
tin has been especially interested in
Latin America. Owing to his trip to
Havana, Professor Martin will not
give History 37, history of South
America since 1823, next quarter.
Dr. Percy A. Martin lias been ap
pointed by President Wilbur as the
official delegate from Stanford Uni
versity to the celebration of tbe two
hundredth anniversary of the found
ing of the University of Havana.
Stanford received an invitation to
send a representative to the observ
ance of the founding from January 5
to 9. The University of Havana was
founded by Dominican fathers in 1728.
As a professor of history, Dr. Mar
tin has been especially interested in
Latin America. Owing to his trip to
Havana, Professor Martin will not
give History 37, history of South
America since 1823, next quarter.
Dr. Percy A. Martin lias been ap
pointed by President Wilbur as the
official delegate from Stanford Uni
versity to the celebration of tbe two
hundredth anniversary of the found
ing of the University of Havana.
Stanford received an invitation to
send a representative to the observ
ance of the founding from January 5
to 9. The University of Havana was
founded by Dominican fathers in 1728.
As a professor of history, Dr. Mar
tin has been especially interested in
Latin America. Owing to his trip to
Havana, Professor Martin will not
give History 37, history of South
America since 1823, next quarter.
