# Y.W.C.A. TO PROMOTE RUMMAGE SALE NEXT WEEK AT ROBLE HALL
## 
### 
A rummage sale will be held some
time next week in the Roble library,
under the auspices of the Y.W.C.A.,
the proceeds of which will go to the
International Student Service Fund.
Everything from evening dresses to
the smallest trinket will be sold.
Everyone is askpd to give anything
she does not want to her house
mother by next Sunday night. The
date of the sale will be announced
soon.
A rummage sale will be held some
time next week in the Roble library,
under the auspices of the Y.W.C.A.,
the proceeds of which will go to the
International Student Service Fund.
Everything from evening dresses to
the smallest trinket will be sold.
Everyone is askpd to give anything
she does not want to her house
mother by next Sunday night. The
date of the sale will be announced
soon.
A rummage sale will be held some
time next week in the Roble library,
under the auspices of the Y.W.C.A.,
the proceeds of which will go to the
International Student Service Fund.
Everything from evening dresses to
the smallest trinket will be sold.
Everyone is askpd to give anything
she does not want to her house
mother by next Sunday night. The
date of the sale will be announced
soon.
A rummage sale will be held some
time next week in the Roble library,
under the auspices of the Y.W.C.A.,
the proceeds of which will go to the
International Student Service Fund.
Everything from evening dresses to
the smallest trinket will be sold.
Everyone is askpd to give anything
she does not want to her house
mother by next Sunday night. The
date of the sale will be announced
soon.
A rummage sale will be held some
time next week in the Roble library,
under the auspices of the Y.W.C.A.,
the proceeds of which will go to the
International Student Service Fund.
Everything from evening dresses to
the smallest trinket will be sold.
Everyone is askpd to give anything
she does not want to her house
mother by next Sunday night. The
date of the sale will be announced
soon.
A rummage sale will be held some
time next week in the Roble library,
under the auspices of the Y.W.C.A.,
the proceeds of which will go to the
International Student Service Fund.
Everything from evening dresses to
the smallest trinket will be sold.
Everyone is askpd to give anything
she does not want to her house
mother by next Sunday night. The
date of the sale will be announced
soon.
A rummage sale will be held some
time next week in the Roble library,
under the auspices of the Y.W.C.A.,
the proceeds of which will go to the
International Student Service Fund.
Everything from evening dresses to
the smallest trinket will be sold.
Everyone is askpd to give anything
she does not want to her house
mother by next Sunday night. The
date of the sale will be announced
soon.
A rummage sale will be held some
time next week in the Roble library,
under the auspices of the Y.W.C.A.,
the proceeds of which will go to the
International Student Service Fund.
Everything from evening dresses to
the smallest trinket will be sold.
Everyone is askpd to give anything
she does not want to her house
mother by next Sunday night. The
date of the sale will be announced
soon.
A rummage sale will be held some
time next week in the Roble library,
under the auspices of the Y.W.C.A.,
the proceeds of which will go to the
International Student Service Fund.
Everything from evening dresses to
the smallest trinket will be sold.
Everyone is askpd to give anything
she does not want to her house
mother by next Sunday night. The
date of the sale will be announced
soon.
A rummage sale will be held some
time next week in the Roble library,
under the auspices of the Y.W.C.A.,
the proceeds of which will go to the
International Student Service Fund.
Everything from evening dresses to
the smallest trinket will be sold.
Everyone is askpd to give anything
she does not want to her house
mother by next Sunday night. The
date of the sale will be announced
soon.
A rummage sale will be held some
time next week in the Roble library,
under the auspices of the Y.W.C.A.,
the proceeds of which will go to the
International Student Service Fund.
Everything from evening dresses to
the smallest trinket will be sold.
Everyone is askpd to give anything
she does not want to her house
mother by next Sunday night. The
date of the sale will be announced
soon.
A rummage sale will be held some
time next week in the Roble library,
under the auspices of the Y.W.C.A.,
the proceeds of which will go to the
International Student Service Fund.
Everything from evening dresses to
the smallest trinket will be sold.
Everyone is askpd to give anything
she does not want to her house
mother by next Sunday night. The
date of the sale will be announced
soon.
A rummage sale will be held some
time next week in the Roble library,
under the auspices of the Y.W.C.A.,
the proceeds of which will go to the
International Student Service Fund.
Everything from evening dresses to
the smallest trinket will be sold.
Everyone is askpd to give anything
she does not want to her house
mother by next Sunday night. The
date of the sale will be announced
soon.
A rummage sale will be held some
time next week in the Roble library,
under the auspices of the Y.W.C.A.,
the proceeds of which will go to the
International Student Service Fund.
Everything from evening dresses to
the smallest trinket will be sold.
Everyone is askpd to give anything
she does not want to her house
mother by next Sunday night. The
date of the sale will be announced
soon.
A rummage sale will be held some
time next week in the Roble library,
under the auspices of the Y.W.C.A.,
the proceeds of which will go to the
International Student Service Fund.
Everything from evening dresses to
the smallest trinket will be sold.
Everyone is askpd to give anything
she does not want to her house
mother by next Sunday night. The
date of the sale will be announced
soon.
