# Untitled Article
## 
### 
An all-opponent football eleven was
selected this year by Harold Iloekel
man, captain of the 1927 Cornell foot
ball team.
An all-opponent football eleven was
selected this year by Harold Iloekel
man, captain of the 1927 Cornell foot
ball team.
An all-opponent football eleven was
selected this year by Harold Iloekel
man, captain of the 1927 Cornell foot
ball team.
An all-opponent football eleven was
selected this year by Harold Iloekel
man, captain of the 1927 Cornell foot
ball team.
An all-opponent football eleven was
selected this year by Harold Iloekel
man, captain of the 1927 Cornell foot
ball team.
An all-opponent football eleven was
selected this year by Harold Iloekel
man, captain of the 1927 Cornell foot
ball team.
An all-opponent football eleven was
selected this year by Harold Iloekel
man, captain of the 1927 Cornell foot
ball team.
An all-opponent football eleven was
selected this year by Harold Iloekel
man, captain of the 1927 Cornell foot
ball team.
An all-opponent football eleven was
selected this year by Harold Iloekel
man, captain of the 1927 Cornell foot
ball team.
An all-opponent football eleven was
selected this year by Harold Iloekel
man, captain of the 1927 Cornell foot
ball team.
An all-opponent football eleven was
selected this year by Harold Iloekel
man, captain of the 1927 Cornell foot
ball team.
An all-opponent football eleven was
selected this year by Harold Iloekel
man, captain of the 1927 Cornell foot
ball team.
An all-opponent football eleven was
selected this year by Harold Iloekel
man, captain of the 1927 Cornell foot
ball team.
An all-opponent football eleven was
selected this year by Harold Iloekel
man, captain of the 1927 Cornell foot
ball team.
An all-opponent football eleven was
selected this year by Harold Iloekel
man, captain of the 1927 Cornell foot
ball team.
