# New Russ Zone Policy
## 
### 
RKltl.lN â€”Russia, on the eve of a
big Communist rally for the new
Soviet -sponsored East German re
public, announced formally tonight
she is replacing military rule in her
occupation zone with a control com
mission.
The announcement said ''adminis
trative functions" in her zone will
be transferred to the provision.'!
government for the East German
democratic (Communist) republic.
The United States, Britain, and
France replaced their military gov
ernors with high commissioners last
month.
The Communist propaganda ma
chine had already swung into high
gear to put on a big show tomorrow
when the Russians arc expected to
announce formal recognition of the
Soviet-sponsored East German re
public.
