# FROSH TENNIS MEETING
## 
### 
The freshman tennis team will
hold a meeting at 4 p.in. Wednes
day, October 12, at the varsity
tennis courts. All men intending
to play for the frosh team are ex
pected to attend.
The freshman tennis team will
hold a meeting at 4 p.in. Wednes
day, October 12, at the varsity
tennis courts. All men intending
to play for the frosh team are ex
pected to attend.
The freshman tennis team will
hold a meeting at 4 p.in. Wednes
day, October 12, at the varsity
tennis courts. All men intending
to play for the frosh team are ex
pected to attend.
The freshman tennis team will
hold a meeting at 4 p.in. Wednes
day, October 12, at the varsity
tennis courts. All men intending
to play for the frosh team are ex
pected to attend.
The freshman tennis team will
hold a meeting at 4 p.in. Wednes
day, October 12, at the varsity
tennis courts. All men intending
to play for the frosh team are ex
pected to attend.
The freshman tennis team will
hold a meeting at 4 p.in. Wednes
day, October 12, at the varsity
tennis courts. All men intending
to play for the frosh team are ex
pected to attend.
The freshman tennis team will
hold a meeting at 4 p.in. Wednes
day, October 12, at the varsity
tennis courts. All men intending
to play for the frosh team are ex
pected to attend.
The freshman tennis team will
hold a meeting at 4 p.in. Wednes
day, October 12, at the varsity
tennis courts. All men intending
to play for the frosh team are ex
pected to attend.
The freshman tennis team will
hold a meeting at 4 p.in. Wednes
day, October 12, at the varsity
tennis courts. All men intending
to play for the frosh team are ex
pected to attend.
The freshman tennis team will
hold a meeting at 4 p.in. Wednes
day, October 12, at the varsity
tennis courts. All men intending
to play for the frosh team are ex
pected to attend.
The freshman tennis team will
hold a meeting at 4 p.in. Wednes
day, October 12, at the varsity
tennis courts. All men intending
to play for the frosh team are ex
pected to attend.
The freshman tennis team will
hold a meeting at 4 p.in. Wednes
day, October 12, at the varsity
tennis courts. All men intending
to play for the frosh team are ex
pected to attend.
The freshman tennis team will
hold a meeting at 4 p.in. Wednes
day, October 12, at the varsity
tennis courts. All men intending
to play for the frosh team are ex
pected to attend.
The freshman tennis team will
hold a meeting at 4 p.in. Wednes
day, October 12, at the varsity
tennis courts. All men intending
to play for the frosh team are ex
pected to attend.
The freshman tennis team will
hold a meeting at 4 p.in. Wednes
day, October 12, at the varsity
tennis courts. All men intending
to play for the frosh team are ex
pected to attend.
The freshman tennis team will
hold a meeting at 4 p.in. Wednes
day, October 12, at the varsity
tennis courts. All men intending
to play for the frosh team are ex
pected to attend.
