# Board Calls For Workers
## 
### 
Tryouts for Election Board will
be held Thursday, Friday, and Mon
day afternoons from 3:15 to 5:30 in
the ASSU president's office.
Students in any class are eligible
to work on the board, which han
dles both the fall and spring quar
ter elections. There are several po
sitions open as chairmen ol the var
ious committees in addition to other
jobs such as counting votes.
Election Board chairman Cliff
Carlson has asked last year's board
members to check in during the
tryout periods for their new assign
ments.
He said the board needs students
who can give a lot of time during
the election periods. Those with ex
perience in conducting high school
or college elections are urged to
participate.
Larry Hoff, Excom member; Joyce
Graybiel, assistant chairman of the
Election Board, and Carlson will
conduct the interviews.
k
Tryouts for Election Board will
be held Thursday, Friday, and Mon
day afternoons from 3:15 to 5:30 in
the ASSU president's office.
Students in any class are eligible
to work on the board, which han
dles both the fall and spring quar
ter elections. There are several po
sitions open as chairmen ol the var
ious committees in addition to other
jobs such as counting votes.
Election Board chairman Cliff
Carlson has asked last year's board
members to check in during the
tryout periods for their new assign
ments.
He said the board needs students
who can give a lot of time during
the election periods. Those with ex
perience in conducting high school
or college elections are urged to
participate.
Larry Hoff, Excom member; Joyce
Graybiel, assistant chairman of the
Election Board, and Carlson will
conduct the interviews.
k
Tryouts for Election Board will
be held Thursday, Friday, and Mon
day afternoons from 3:15 to 5:30 in
the ASSU president's office.
Students in any class are eligible
to work on the board, which han
dles both the fall and spring quar
ter elections. There are several po
sitions open as chairmen ol the var
ious committees in addition to other
jobs such as counting votes.
Election Board chairman Cliff
Carlson has asked last year's board
members to check in during the
tryout periods for their new assign
ments.
He said the board needs students
who can give a lot of time during
the election periods. Those with ex
perience in conducting high school
or college elections are urged to
participate.
Larry Hoff, Excom member; Joyce
Graybiel, assistant chairman of the
Election Board, and Carlson will
conduct the interviews.
k
Tryouts for Election Board will
be held Thursday, Friday, and Mon
day afternoons from 3:15 to 5:30 in
the ASSU president's office.
Students in any class are eligible
to work on the board, which han
dles both the fall and spring quar
ter elections. There are several po
sitions open as chairmen ol the var
ious committees in addition to other
jobs such as counting votes.
Election Board chairman Cliff
Carlson has asked last year's board
members to check in during the
tryout periods for their new assign
ments.
He said the board needs students
who can give a lot of time during
the election periods. Those with ex
perience in conducting high school
or college elections are urged to
participate.
Larry Hoff, Excom member; Joyce
Graybiel, assistant chairman of the
Election Board, and Carlson will
conduct the interviews.
k
Tryouts for Election Board will
be held Thursday, Friday, and Mon
day afternoons from 3:15 to 5:30 in
the ASSU president's office.
Students in any class are eligible
to work on the board, which han
dles both the fall and spring quar
ter elections. There are several po
sitions open as chairmen ol the var
ious committees in addition to other
jobs such as counting votes.
Election Board chairman Cliff
Carlson has asked last year's board
members to check in during the
tryout periods for their new assign
ments.
He said the board needs students
who can give a lot of time during
the election periods. Those with ex
perience in conducting high school
or college elections are urged to
participate.
Larry Hoff, Excom member; Joyce
Graybiel, assistant chairman of the
Election Board, and Carlson will
conduct the interviews.
k
Tryouts for Election Board will
be held Thursday, Friday, and Mon
day afternoons from 3:15 to 5:30 in
the ASSU president's office.
Students in any class are eligible
to work on the board, which han
dles both the fall and spring quar
ter elections. There are several po
sitions open as chairmen ol the var
ious committees in addition to other
jobs such as counting votes.
Election Board chairman Cliff
Carlson has asked last year's board
members to check in during the
tryout periods for their new assign
ments.
He said the board needs students
who can give a lot of time during
the election periods. Those with ex
perience in conducting high school
or college elections are urged to
participate.
Larry Hoff, Excom member; Joyce
Graybiel, assistant chairman of the
Election Board, and Carlson will
conduct the interviews.
k
Tryouts for Election Board will
be held Thursday, Friday, and Mon
day afternoons from 3:15 to 5:30 in
the ASSU president's office.
Students in any class are eligible
to work on the board, which han
dles both the fall and spring quar
ter elections. There are several po
sitions open as chairmen ol the var
ious committees in addition to other
jobs such as counting votes.
Election Board chairman Cliff
Carlson has asked last year's board
members to check in during the
tryout periods for their new assign
ments.
He said the board needs students
who can give a lot of time during
the election periods. Those with ex
perience in conducting high school
or college elections are urged to
participate.
Larry Hoff, Excom member; Joyce
Graybiel, assistant chairman of the
Election Board, and Carlson will
conduct the interviews.
k
Tryouts for Election Board will
be held Thursday, Friday, and Mon
day afternoons from 3:15 to 5:30 in
the ASSU president's office.
Students in any class are eligible
to work on the board, which han
dles both the fall and spring quar
ter elections. There are several po
sitions open as chairmen ol the var
ious committees in addition to other
jobs such as counting votes.
Election Board chairman Cliff
Carlson has asked last year's board
members to check in during the
tryout periods for their new assign
ments.
He said the board needs students
who can give a lot of time during
the election periods. Those with ex
perience in conducting high school
or college elections are urged to
participate.
Larry Hoff, Excom member; Joyce
Graybiel, assistant chairman of the
Election Board, and Carlson will
conduct the interviews.
k
Tryouts for Election Board will
be held Thursday, Friday, and Mon
day afternoons from 3:15 to 5:30 in
the ASSU president's office.
Students in any class are eligible
to work on the board, which han
dles both the fall and spring quar
ter elections. There are several po
sitions open as chairmen ol the var
ious committees in addition to other
jobs such as counting votes.
Election Board chairman Cliff
Carlson has asked last year's board
members to check in during the
tryout periods for their new assign
ments.
He said the board needs students
who can give a lot of time during
the election periods. Those with ex
perience in conducting high school
or college elections are urged to
participate.
Larry Hoff, Excom member; Joyce
Graybiel, assistant chairman of the
Election Board, and Carlson will
conduct the interviews.
k
Tryouts for Election Board will
be held Thursday, Friday, and Mon
day afternoons from 3:15 to 5:30 in
the ASSU president's office.
Students in any class are eligible
to work on the board, which han
dles both the fall and spring quar
ter elections. There are several po
sitions open as chairmen ol the var
ious committees in addition to other
jobs such as counting votes.
Election Board chairman Cliff
Carlson has asked last year's board
members to check in during the
tryout periods for their new assign
ments.
He said the board needs students
who can give a lot of time during
the election periods. Those with ex
perience in conducting high school
or college elections are urged to
participate.
Larry Hoff, Excom member; Joyce
Graybiel, assistant chairman of the
Election Board, and Carlson will
conduct the interviews.
k
Tryouts for Election Board will
be held Thursday, Friday, and Mon
day afternoons from 3:15 to 5:30 in
the ASSU president's office.
Students in any class are eligible
to work on the board, which han
dles both the fall and spring quar
ter elections. There are several po
sitions open as chairmen ol the var
ious committees in addition to other
jobs such as counting votes.
Election Board chairman Cliff
Carlson has asked last year's board
members to check in during the
tryout periods for their new assign
ments.
He said the board needs students
who can give a lot of time during
the election periods. Those with ex
perience in conducting high school
or college elections are urged to
participate.
Larry Hoff, Excom member; Joyce
Graybiel, assistant chairman of the
Election Board, and Carlson will
conduct the interviews.
k
Tryouts for Election Board will
be held Thursday, Friday, and Mon
day afternoons from 3:15 to 5:30 in
the ASSU president's office.
Students in any class are eligible
to work on the board, which han
dles both the fall and spring quar
ter elections. There are several po
sitions open as chairmen ol the var
ious committees in addition to other
jobs such as counting votes.
Election Board chairman Cliff
Carlson has asked last year's board
members to check in during the
tryout periods for their new assign
ments.
He said the board needs students
who can give a lot of time during
the election periods. Those with ex
perience in conducting high school
or college elections are urged to
participate.
Larry Hoff, Excom member; Joyce
Graybiel, assistant chairman of the
Election Board, and Carlson will
conduct the interviews.
k
Tryouts for Election Board will
be held Thursday, Friday, and Mon
day afternoons from 3:15 to 5:30 in
the ASSU president's office.
Students in any class are eligible
to work on the board, which han
dles both the fall and spring quar
ter elections. There are several po
sitions open as chairmen ol the var
ious committees in addition to other
jobs such as counting votes.
Election Board chairman Cliff
Carlson has asked last year's board
members to check in during the
tryout periods for their new assign
ments.
He said the board needs students
who can give a lot of time during
the election periods. Those with ex
perience in conducting high school
or college elections are urged to
participate.
Larry Hoff, Excom member; Joyce
Graybiel, assistant chairman of the
Election Board, and Carlson will
conduct the interviews.
k
Tryouts for Election Board will
be held Thursday, Friday, and Mon
day afternoons from 3:15 to 5:30 in
the ASSU president's office.
Students in any class are eligible
to work on the board, which han
dles both the fall and spring quar
ter elections. There are several po
sitions open as chairmen ol the var
ious committees in addition to other
jobs such as counting votes.
Election Board chairman Cliff
Carlson has asked last year's board
members to check in during the
tryout periods for their new assign
ments.
He said the board needs students
who can give a lot of time during
the election periods. Those with ex
perience in conducting high school
or college elections are urged to
participate.
Larry Hoff, Excom member; Joyce
Graybiel, assistant chairman of the
Election Board, and Carlson will
conduct the interviews.
k
Tryouts for Election Board will
be held Thursday, Friday, and Mon
day afternoons from 3:15 to 5:30 in
the ASSU president's office.
Students in any class are eligible
to work on the board, which han
dles both the fall and spring quar
ter elections. There are several po
sitions open as chairmen ol the var
ious committees in addition to other
jobs such as counting votes.
Election Board chairman Cliff
Carlson has asked last year's board
members to check in during the
tryout periods for their new assign
ments.
He said the board needs students
who can give a lot of time during
the election periods. Those with ex
perience in conducting high school
or college elections are urged to
participate.
Larry Hoff, Excom member; Joyce
Graybiel, assistant chairman of the
Election Board, and Carlson will
conduct the interviews.
k
Tryouts for Election Board will
be held Thursday, Friday, and Mon
day afternoons from 3:15 to 5:30 in
the ASSU president's office.
Students in any class are eligible
to work on the board, which han
dles both the fall and spring quar
ter elections. There are several po
sitions open as chairmen ol the var
ious committees in addition to other
jobs such as counting votes.
Election Board chairman Cliff
Carlson has asked last year's board
members to check in during the
tryout periods for their new assign
ments.
He said the board needs students
who can give a lot of time during
the election periods. Those with ex
perience in conducting high school
or college elections are urged to
participate.
Larry Hoff, Excom member; Joyce
Graybiel, assistant chairman of the
Election Board, and Carlson will
conduct the interviews.
k
