# ARTISTS WANTED
## 
### 
Students who are interested in
commercial art may find their op
portunity to work on the Daily
business staff. Interested students
should inquire at the Daily shack.
Students who are interested in
commercial art may find their op
portunity to work on the Daily
business staff. Interested students
should inquire at the Daily shack.
Students who are interested in
commercial art may find their op
portunity to work on the Daily
business staff. Interested students
should inquire at the Daily shack.
Students who are interested in
commercial art may find their op
portunity to work on the Daily
business staff. Interested students
should inquire at the Daily shack.
Students who are interested in
commercial art may find their op
portunity to work on the Daily
business staff. Interested students
should inquire at the Daily shack.
Students who are interested in
commercial art may find their op
portunity to work on the Daily
business staff. Interested students
should inquire at the Daily shack.
Students who are interested in
commercial art may find their op
portunity to work on the Daily
business staff. Interested students
should inquire at the Daily shack.
Students who are interested in
commercial art may find their op
portunity to work on the Daily
business staff. Interested students
should inquire at the Daily shack.
Students who are interested in
commercial art may find their op
portunity to work on the Daily
business staff. Interested students
should inquire at the Daily shack.
Students who are interested in
commercial art may find their op
portunity to work on the Daily
business staff. Interested students
should inquire at the Daily shack.
Students who are interested in
commercial art may find their op
portunity to work on the Daily
business staff. Interested students
should inquire at the Daily shack.
Students who are interested in
commercial art may find their op
portunity to work on the Daily
business staff. Interested students
should inquire at the Daily shack.
Students who are interested in
commercial art may find their op
portunity to work on the Daily
business staff. Interested students
should inquire at the Daily shack.
Students who are interested in
commercial art may find their op
portunity to work on the Daily
business staff. Interested students
should inquire at the Daily shack.
Students who are interested in
commercial art may find their op
portunity to work on the Daily
business staff. Interested students
should inquire at the Daily shack.
Students who are interested in
commercial art may find their op
portunity to work on the Daily
business staff. Interested students
should inquire at the Daily shack.
