# UNDER THE WEATHER
## 
### 
I'alo Alio Hospital Katherinc
I'hclps, Joan Price, Duncan Ste
vens.
Men's Rest Home Charles Fricd
richs, Robert Frcderiekson, James
Conat, James Goodin, Frank Hob
ner.
Women's Kest Home — Maybelle
Zobel, Natalie Harpst, Sydney Ai
ling.
I'alo Alio Hospital Katherinc
I'hclps, Joan Price, Duncan Ste
vens.
Men's Rest Home Charles Fricd
richs, Robert Frcderiekson, James
Conat, James Goodin, Frank Hob
ner.
Women's Kest Home — Maybelle
Zobel, Natalie Harpst, Sydney Ai
ling.
I'alo Alio Hospital Katherinc
I'hclps, Joan Price, Duncan Ste
vens.
Men's Rest Home Charles Fricd
richs, Robert Frcderiekson, James
Conat, James Goodin, Frank Hob
ner.
Women's Kest Home — Maybelle
Zobel, Natalie Harpst, Sydney Ai
ling.
I'alo Alio Hospital Katherinc
I'hclps, Joan Price, Duncan Ste
vens.
Men's Rest Home Charles Fricd
richs, Robert Frcderiekson, James
Conat, James Goodin, Frank Hob
ner.
Women's Kest Home — Maybelle
Zobel, Natalie Harpst, Sydney Ai
ling.
I'alo Alio Hospital Katherinc
I'hclps, Joan Price, Duncan Ste
vens.
Men's Rest Home Charles Fricd
richs, Robert Frcderiekson, James
Conat, James Goodin, Frank Hob
ner.
Women's Kest Home — Maybelle
Zobel, Natalie Harpst, Sydney Ai
ling.
I'alo Alio Hospital Katherinc
I'hclps, Joan Price, Duncan Ste
vens.
Men's Rest Home Charles Fricd
richs, Robert Frcderiekson, James
Conat, James Goodin, Frank Hob
ner.
Women's Kest Home — Maybelle
Zobel, Natalie Harpst, Sydney Ai
ling.
I'alo Alio Hospital Katherinc
I'hclps, Joan Price, Duncan Ste
vens.
Men's Rest Home Charles Fricd
richs, Robert Frcderiekson, James
Conat, James Goodin, Frank Hob
ner.
Women's Kest Home — Maybelle
Zobel, Natalie Harpst, Sydney Ai
ling.
I'alo Alio Hospital Katherinc
I'hclps, Joan Price, Duncan Ste
vens.
Men's Rest Home Charles Fricd
richs, Robert Frcderiekson, James
Conat, James Goodin, Frank Hob
ner.
Women's Kest Home — Maybelle
Zobel, Natalie Harpst, Sydney Ai
ling.
I'alo Alio Hospital Katherinc
I'hclps, Joan Price, Duncan Ste
vens.
Men's Rest Home Charles Fricd
richs, Robert Frcderiekson, James
Conat, James Goodin, Frank Hob
ner.
Women's Kest Home — Maybelle
Zobel, Natalie Harpst, Sydney Ai
ling.
I'alo Alio Hospital Katherinc
I'hclps, Joan Price, Duncan Ste
vens.
Men's Rest Home Charles Fricd
richs, Robert Frcderiekson, James
Conat, James Goodin, Frank Hob
ner.
Women's Kest Home — Maybelle
Zobel, Natalie Harpst, Sydney Ai
ling.
I'alo Alio Hospital Katherinc
I'hclps, Joan Price, Duncan Ste
vens.
Men's Rest Home Charles Fricd
richs, Robert Frcderiekson, James
Conat, James Goodin, Frank Hob
ner.
Women's Kest Home — Maybelle
Zobel, Natalie Harpst, Sydney Ai
ling.
I'alo Alio Hospital Katherinc
I'hclps, Joan Price, Duncan Ste
vens.
Men's Rest Home Charles Fricd
richs, Robert Frcderiekson, James
Conat, James Goodin, Frank Hob
ner.
Women's Kest Home — Maybelle
Zobel, Natalie Harpst, Sydney Ai
ling.
I'alo Alio Hospital Katherinc
I'hclps, Joan Price, Duncan Ste
vens.
Men's Rest Home Charles Fricd
richs, Robert Frcderiekson, James
Conat, James Goodin, Frank Hob
ner.
Women's Kest Home — Maybelle
Zobel, Natalie Harpst, Sydney Ai
ling.
I'alo Alio Hospital Katherinc
I'hclps, Joan Price, Duncan Ste
vens.
Men's Rest Home Charles Fricd
richs, Robert Frcderiekson, James
Conat, James Goodin, Frank Hob
ner.
Women's Kest Home — Maybelle
Zobel, Natalie Harpst, Sydney Ai
ling.
I'alo Alio Hospital Katherinc
I'hclps, Joan Price, Duncan Ste
vens.
Men's Rest Home Charles Fricd
richs, Robert Frcderiekson, James
Conat, James Goodin, Frank Hob
ner.
Women's Kest Home — Maybelle
Zobel, Natalie Harpst, Sydney Ai
ling.
I'alo Alio Hospital Katherinc
I'hclps, Joan Price, Duncan Ste
vens.
Men's Rest Home Charles Fricd
richs, Robert Frcderiekson, James
Conat, James Goodin, Frank Hob
ner.
Women's Kest Home — Maybelle
Zobel, Natalie Harpst, Sydney Ai
ling.
