# Rooters Tickets to Be Sold To-morrow
## 
### 
As less than seven hundred rooterV
tickets were disposed of this morning
a t Ihe sale on l lie Quad, a part of
section R in the rooter's section will
be placed on sale to-morrow morning
at. 0:00 at the Bookstore. This will
probably be t lie last chance to buy
tickets except on payment of the reg
ular rate of $2.50. The general rule
of seats will also begin to-morrow
at the Bookstore and at the Univer
sity Drug Stores in Palo Alto and San
Jose.
As less than seven hundred rooterV
tickets were disposed of this morning
a t Ihe sale on l lie Quad, a part of
section R in the rooter's section will
be placed on sale to-morrow morning
at. 0:00 at the Bookstore. This will
probably be t lie last chance to buy
tickets except on payment of the reg
ular rate of $2.50. The general rule
of seats will also begin to-morrow
at the Bookstore and at the Univer
sity Drug Stores in Palo Alto and San
Jose.
As less than seven hundred rooterV
tickets were disposed of this morning
a t Ihe sale on l lie Quad, a part of
section R in the rooter's section will
be placed on sale to-morrow morning
at. 0:00 at the Bookstore. This will
probably be t lie last chance to buy
tickets except on payment of the reg
ular rate of $2.50. The general rule
of seats will also begin to-morrow
at the Bookstore and at the Univer
sity Drug Stores in Palo Alto and San
Jose.
As less than seven hundred rooterV
tickets were disposed of this morning
a t Ihe sale on l lie Quad, a part of
section R in the rooter's section will
be placed on sale to-morrow morning
at. 0:00 at the Bookstore. This will
probably be t lie last chance to buy
tickets except on payment of the reg
ular rate of $2.50. The general rule
of seats will also begin to-morrow
at the Bookstore and at the Univer
sity Drug Stores in Palo Alto and San
Jose.
As less than seven hundred rooterV
tickets were disposed of this morning
a t Ihe sale on l lie Quad, a part of
section R in the rooter's section will
be placed on sale to-morrow morning
at. 0:00 at the Bookstore. This will
probably be t lie last chance to buy
tickets except on payment of the reg
ular rate of $2.50. The general rule
of seats will also begin to-morrow
at the Bookstore and at the Univer
sity Drug Stores in Palo Alto and San
Jose.
As less than seven hundred rooterV
tickets were disposed of this morning
a t Ihe sale on l lie Quad, a part of
section R in the rooter's section will
be placed on sale to-morrow morning
at. 0:00 at the Bookstore. This will
probably be t lie last chance to buy
tickets except on payment of the reg
ular rate of $2.50. The general rule
of seats will also begin to-morrow
at the Bookstore and at the Univer
sity Drug Stores in Palo Alto and San
Jose.
As less than seven hundred rooterV
tickets were disposed of this morning
a t Ihe sale on l lie Quad, a part of
section R in the rooter's section will
be placed on sale to-morrow morning
at. 0:00 at the Bookstore. This will
probably be t lie last chance to buy
tickets except on payment of the reg
ular rate of $2.50. The general rule
of seats will also begin to-morrow
at the Bookstore and at the Univer
sity Drug Stores in Palo Alto and San
Jose.
As less than seven hundred rooterV
tickets were disposed of this morning
a t Ihe sale on l lie Quad, a part of
section R in the rooter's section will
be placed on sale to-morrow morning
at. 0:00 at the Bookstore. This will
probably be t lie last chance to buy
tickets except on payment of the reg
ular rate of $2.50. The general rule
of seats will also begin to-morrow
at the Bookstore and at the Univer
sity Drug Stores in Palo Alto and San
Jose.
As less than seven hundred rooterV
tickets were disposed of this morning
a t Ihe sale on l lie Quad, a part of
section R in the rooter's section will
be placed on sale to-morrow morning
at. 0:00 at the Bookstore. This will
probably be t lie last chance to buy
tickets except on payment of the reg
ular rate of $2.50. The general rule
of seats will also begin to-morrow
at the Bookstore and at the Univer
sity Drug Stores in Palo Alto and San
Jose.
As less than seven hundred rooterV
tickets were disposed of this morning
a t Ihe sale on l lie Quad, a part of
section R in the rooter's section will
be placed on sale to-morrow morning
at. 0:00 at the Bookstore. This will
probably be t lie last chance to buy
tickets except on payment of the reg
ular rate of $2.50. The general rule
of seats will also begin to-morrow
at the Bookstore and at the Univer
sity Drug Stores in Palo Alto and San
Jose.
As less than seven hundred rooterV
tickets were disposed of this morning
a t Ihe sale on l lie Quad, a part of
section R in the rooter's section will
be placed on sale to-morrow morning
at. 0:00 at the Bookstore. This will
probably be t lie last chance to buy
tickets except on payment of the reg
ular rate of $2.50. The general rule
of seats will also begin to-morrow
at the Bookstore and at the Univer
sity Drug Stores in Palo Alto and San
Jose.
