# Third Assembly on Thursday.
## 
### 
As announced on last, Tuesday the
third Assembly of the semester with
Hon. H. Merou, the French Consul
General, and Hon. Amos P. Wilder,
United Slates Consul at Shanghai as
speakers will lie held on Thursday
morning at 10:15.
As announced on last, Tuesday the
third Assembly of the semester with
Hon. H. Merou, the French Consul
General, and Hon. Amos P. Wilder,
United Slates Consul at Shanghai as
speakers will lie held on Thursday
morning at 10:15.
As announced on last, Tuesday the
third Assembly of the semester with
Hon. H. Merou, the French Consul
General, and Hon. Amos P. Wilder,
United Slates Consul at Shanghai as
speakers will lie held on Thursday
morning at 10:15.
As announced on last, Tuesday the
third Assembly of the semester with
Hon. H. Merou, the French Consul
General, and Hon. Amos P. Wilder,
United Slates Consul at Shanghai as
speakers will lie held on Thursday
morning at 10:15.
As announced on last, Tuesday the
third Assembly of the semester with
Hon. H. Merou, the French Consul
General, and Hon. Amos P. Wilder,
United Slates Consul at Shanghai as
speakers will lie held on Thursday
morning at 10:15.
As announced on last, Tuesday the
third Assembly of the semester with
Hon. H. Merou, the French Consul
General, and Hon. Amos P. Wilder,
United Slates Consul at Shanghai as
speakers will lie held on Thursday
morning at 10:15.
As announced on last, Tuesday the
third Assembly of the semester with
Hon. H. Merou, the French Consul
General, and Hon. Amos P. Wilder,
United Slates Consul at Shanghai as
speakers will lie held on Thursday
morning at 10:15.
As announced on last, Tuesday the
third Assembly of the semester with
Hon. H. Merou, the French Consul
General, and Hon. Amos P. Wilder,
United Slates Consul at Shanghai as
speakers will lie held on Thursday
morning at 10:15.
As announced on last, Tuesday the
third Assembly of the semester with
Hon. H. Merou, the French Consul
General, and Hon. Amos P. Wilder,
United Slates Consul at Shanghai as
speakers will lie held on Thursday
morning at 10:15.
As announced on last, Tuesday the
third Assembly of the semester with
Hon. H. Merou, the French Consul
General, and Hon. Amos P. Wilder,
United Slates Consul at Shanghai as
speakers will lie held on Thursday
morning at 10:15.
As announced on last, Tuesday the
third Assembly of the semester with
Hon. H. Merou, the French Consul
General, and Hon. Amos P. Wilder,
United Slates Consul at Shanghai as
speakers will lie held on Thursday
morning at 10:15.
