# Mural Schedules Six Games Today
## 
### 
Intramural baseball will be played
in a big way today with one hard
ball and five Softball games sched
uled. Two of the softball games will
be played on the new field, located
between the varsity baseball dia
mond and the Board of Athletic
Control's Corporation Yard.
Intramural baseball will be played
in a big way today with one hard
ball and five Softball games sched
uled. Two of the softball games will
be played on the new field, located
between the varsity baseball dia
mond and the Board of Athletic
Control's Corporation Yard.
Intramural baseball will be played
in a big way today with one hard
ball and five Softball games sched
uled. Two of the softball games will
be played on the new field, located
between the varsity baseball dia
mond and the Board of Athletic
Control's Corporation Yard.
Intramural baseball will be played
in a big way today with one hard
ball and five Softball games sched
uled. Two of the softball games will
be played on the new field, located
between the varsity baseball dia
mond and the Board of Athletic
Control's Corporation Yard.
Intramural baseball will be played
in a big way today with one hard
ball and five Softball games sched
uled. Two of the softball games will
be played on the new field, located
between the varsity baseball dia
mond and the Board of Athletic
Control's Corporation Yard.
Intramural baseball will be played
in a big way today with one hard
ball and five Softball games sched
uled. Two of the softball games will
be played on the new field, located
between the varsity baseball dia
mond and the Board of Athletic
Control's Corporation Yard.
Intramural baseball will be played
in a big way today with one hard
ball and five Softball games sched
uled. Two of the softball games will
be played on the new field, located
between the varsity baseball dia
mond and the Board of Athletic
Control's Corporation Yard.
Intramural baseball will be played
in a big way today with one hard
ball and five Softball games sched
uled. Two of the softball games will
be played on the new field, located
between the varsity baseball dia
mond and the Board of Athletic
Control's Corporation Yard.
Intramural baseball will be played
in a big way today with one hard
ball and five Softball games sched
uled. Two of the softball games will
be played on the new field, located
between the varsity baseball dia
mond and the Board of Athletic
Control's Corporation Yard.
Intramural baseball will be played
in a big way today with one hard
ball and five Softball games sched
uled. Two of the softball games will
be played on the new field, located
between the varsity baseball dia
mond and the Board of Athletic
Control's Corporation Yard.
Intramural baseball will be played
in a big way today with one hard
ball and five Softball games sched
uled. Two of the softball games will
be played on the new field, located
between the varsity baseball dia
mond and the Board of Athletic
Control's Corporation Yard.
Intramural baseball will be played
in a big way today with one hard
ball and five Softball games sched
uled. Two of the softball games will
be played on the new field, located
between the varsity baseball dia
mond and the Board of Athletic
Control's Corporation Yard.
Intramural baseball will be played
in a big way today with one hard
ball and five Softball games sched
uled. Two of the softball games will
be played on the new field, located
between the varsity baseball dia
mond and the Board of Athletic
Control's Corporation Yard.
Intramural baseball will be played
in a big way today with one hard
ball and five Softball games sched
uled. Two of the softball games will
be played on the new field, located
between the varsity baseball dia
mond and the Board of Athletic
Control's Corporation Yard.
Intramural baseball will be played
in a big way today with one hard
ball and five Softball games sched
uled. Two of the softball games will
be played on the new field, located
between the varsity baseball dia
mond and the Board of Athletic
Control's Corporation Yard.
Intramural baseball will be played
in a big way today with one hard
ball and five Softball games sched
uled. Two of the softball games will
be played on the new field, located
between the varsity baseball dia
mond and the Board of Athletic
Control's Corporation Yard.
Intramural baseball will be played
in a big way today with one hard
ball and five Softball games sched
uled. Two of the softball games will
be played on the new field, located
between the varsity baseball dia
mond and the Board of Athletic
Control's Corporation Yard.
