# Class to Present 'I Think' on KQW
## 
### 
"I Think" will go on the air to
night at 7:15 o'clock over KQW as
the second radio "bull session" pre
sented by the Stanford Class in Pub
lic Opinion. Professor L. T. Chapin
will act as co-ordinator of the 15-
minute program.
Measurement of public opinion by
polls will be discussed in this eve
ning's broadcast. Impromptu ana
lyzation of the Gallup, Fortune, and
Crosley polls will be presented.
Eight members of the class will
participate in the second broadcast.
They include Dave Allen, Quentin
Thompson, Anne Killefer, Frank Al
bert, Bill Smith, Ed Johannessen,
Aubrey Austin, and Audrey Steele.
"I Think" will go on the air to
night at 7:15 o'clock over KQW as
the second radio "bull session" pre
sented by the Stanford Class in Pub
lic Opinion. Professor L. T. Chapin
will act as co-ordinator of the 15-
minute program.
Measurement of public opinion by
polls will be discussed in this eve
ning's broadcast. Impromptu ana
lyzation of the Gallup, Fortune, and
Crosley polls will be presented.
Eight members of the class will
participate in the second broadcast.
They include Dave Allen, Quentin
Thompson, Anne Killefer, Frank Al
bert, Bill Smith, Ed Johannessen,
Aubrey Austin, and Audrey Steele.
"I Think" will go on the air to
night at 7:15 o'clock over KQW as
the second radio "bull session" pre
sented by the Stanford Class in Pub
lic Opinion. Professor L. T. Chapin
will act as co-ordinator of the 15-
minute program.
Measurement of public opinion by
polls will be discussed in this eve
ning's broadcast. Impromptu ana
lyzation of the Gallup, Fortune, and
Crosley polls will be presented.
Eight members of the class will
participate in the second broadcast.
They include Dave Allen, Quentin
Thompson, Anne Killefer, Frank Al
bert, Bill Smith, Ed Johannessen,
Aubrey Austin, and Audrey Steele.
"I Think" will go on the air to
night at 7:15 o'clock over KQW as
the second radio "bull session" pre
sented by the Stanford Class in Pub
lic Opinion. Professor L. T. Chapin
will act as co-ordinator of the 15-
minute program.
Measurement of public opinion by
polls will be discussed in this eve
ning's broadcast. Impromptu ana
lyzation of the Gallup, Fortune, and
Crosley polls will be presented.
Eight members of the class will
participate in the second broadcast.
They include Dave Allen, Quentin
Thompson, Anne Killefer, Frank Al
bert, Bill Smith, Ed Johannessen,
Aubrey Austin, and Audrey Steele.
"I Think" will go on the air to
night at 7:15 o'clock over KQW as
the second radio "bull session" pre
sented by the Stanford Class in Pub
lic Opinion. Professor L. T. Chapin
will act as co-ordinator of the 15-
minute program.
Measurement of public opinion by
polls will be discussed in this eve
ning's broadcast. Impromptu ana
lyzation of the Gallup, Fortune, and
Crosley polls will be presented.
Eight members of the class will
participate in the second broadcast.
They include Dave Allen, Quentin
Thompson, Anne Killefer, Frank Al
bert, Bill Smith, Ed Johannessen,
Aubrey Austin, and Audrey Steele.
"I Think" will go on the air to
night at 7:15 o'clock over KQW as
the second radio "bull session" pre
sented by the Stanford Class in Pub
lic Opinion. Professor L. T. Chapin
will act as co-ordinator of the 15-
minute program.
Measurement of public opinion by
polls will be discussed in this eve
ning's broadcast. Impromptu ana
lyzation of the Gallup, Fortune, and
Crosley polls will be presented.
Eight members of the class will
participate in the second broadcast.
They include Dave Allen, Quentin
Thompson, Anne Killefer, Frank Al
bert, Bill Smith, Ed Johannessen,
Aubrey Austin, and Audrey Steele.
"I Think" will go on the air to
night at 7:15 o'clock over KQW as
the second radio "bull session" pre
sented by the Stanford Class in Pub
lic Opinion. Professor L. T. Chapin
will act as co-ordinator of the 15-
minute program.
Measurement of public opinion by
polls will be discussed in this eve
ning's broadcast. Impromptu ana
lyzation of the Gallup, Fortune, and
Crosley polls will be presented.
Eight members of the class will
participate in the second broadcast.
They include Dave Allen, Quentin
Thompson, Anne Killefer, Frank Al
bert, Bill Smith, Ed Johannessen,
Aubrey Austin, and Audrey Steele.
"I Think" will go on the air to
night at 7:15 o'clock over KQW as
the second radio "bull session" pre
sented by the Stanford Class in Pub
lic Opinion. Professor L. T. Chapin
will act as co-ordinator of the 15-
minute program.
Measurement of public opinion by
polls will be discussed in this eve
ning's broadcast. Impromptu ana
lyzation of the Gallup, Fortune, and
Crosley polls will be presented.
Eight members of the class will
participate in the second broadcast.
They include Dave Allen, Quentin
Thompson, Anne Killefer, Frank Al
bert, Bill Smith, Ed Johannessen,
Aubrey Austin, and Audrey Steele.
"I Think" will go on the air to
night at 7:15 o'clock over KQW as
the second radio "bull session" pre
sented by the Stanford Class in Pub
lic Opinion. Professor L. T. Chapin
will act as co-ordinator of the 15-
minute program.
Measurement of public opinion by
polls will be discussed in this eve
ning's broadcast. Impromptu ana
lyzation of the Gallup, Fortune, and
Crosley polls will be presented.
Eight members of the class will
participate in the second broadcast.
They include Dave Allen, Quentin
Thompson, Anne Killefer, Frank Al
bert, Bill Smith, Ed Johannessen,
Aubrey Austin, and Audrey Steele.
"I Think" will go on the air to
night at 7:15 o'clock over KQW as
the second radio "bull session" pre
sented by the Stanford Class in Pub
lic Opinion. Professor L. T. Chapin
will act as co-ordinator of the 15-
minute program.
Measurement of public opinion by
polls will be discussed in this eve
ning's broadcast. Impromptu ana
lyzation of the Gallup, Fortune, and
Crosley polls will be presented.
Eight members of the class will
participate in the second broadcast.
They include Dave Allen, Quentin
Thompson, Anne Killefer, Frank Al
bert, Bill Smith, Ed Johannessen,
Aubrey Austin, and Audrey Steele.
"I Think" will go on the air to
night at 7:15 o'clock over KQW as
the second radio "bull session" pre
sented by the Stanford Class in Pub
lic Opinion. Professor L. T. Chapin
will act as co-ordinator of the 15-
minute program.
Measurement of public opinion by
polls will be discussed in this eve
ning's broadcast. Impromptu ana
lyzation of the Gallup, Fortune, and
Crosley polls will be presented.
Eight members of the class will
participate in the second broadcast.
They include Dave Allen, Quentin
Thompson, Anne Killefer, Frank Al
bert, Bill Smith, Ed Johannessen,
Aubrey Austin, and Audrey Steele.
"I Think" will go on the air to
night at 7:15 o'clock over KQW as
the second radio "bull session" pre
sented by the Stanford Class in Pub
lic Opinion. Professor L. T. Chapin
will act as co-ordinator of the 15-
minute program.
Measurement of public opinion by
polls will be discussed in this eve
ning's broadcast. Impromptu ana
lyzation of the Gallup, Fortune, and
Crosley polls will be presented.
Eight members of the class will
participate in the second broadcast.
They include Dave Allen, Quentin
Thompson, Anne Killefer, Frank Al
bert, Bill Smith, Ed Johannessen,
Aubrey Austin, and Audrey Steele.
"I Think" will go on the air to
night at 7:15 o'clock over KQW as
the second radio "bull session" pre
sented by the Stanford Class in Pub
lic Opinion. Professor L. T. Chapin
will act as co-ordinator of the 15-
minute program.
Measurement of public opinion by
polls will be discussed in this eve
ning's broadcast. Impromptu ana
lyzation of the Gallup, Fortune, and
Crosley polls will be presented.
Eight members of the class will
participate in the second broadcast.
They include Dave Allen, Quentin
Thompson, Anne Killefer, Frank Al
bert, Bill Smith, Ed Johannessen,
Aubrey Austin, and Audrey Steele.
"I Think" will go on the air to
night at 7:15 o'clock over KQW as
the second radio "bull session" pre
sented by the Stanford Class in Pub
lic Opinion. Professor L. T. Chapin
will act as co-ordinator of the 15-
minute program.
Measurement of public opinion by
polls will be discussed in this eve
ning's broadcast. Impromptu ana
lyzation of the Gallup, Fortune, and
Crosley polls will be presented.
Eight members of the class will
participate in the second broadcast.
They include Dave Allen, Quentin
Thompson, Anne Killefer, Frank Al
bert, Bill Smith, Ed Johannessen,
Aubrey Austin, and Audrey Steele.
"I Think" will go on the air to
night at 7:15 o'clock over KQW as
the second radio "bull session" pre
sented by the Stanford Class in Pub
lic Opinion. Professor L. T. Chapin
will act as co-ordinator of the 15-
minute program.
Measurement of public opinion by
polls will be discussed in this eve
ning's broadcast. Impromptu ana
lyzation of the Gallup, Fortune, and
Crosley polls will be presented.
Eight members of the class will
participate in the second broadcast.
They include Dave Allen, Quentin
Thompson, Anne Killefer, Frank Al
bert, Bill Smith, Ed Johannessen,
Aubrey Austin, and Audrey Steele.
"I Think" will go on the air to
night at 7:15 o'clock over KQW as
the second radio "bull session" pre
sented by the Stanford Class in Pub
lic Opinion. Professor L. T. Chapin
will act as co-ordinator of the 15-
minute program.
Measurement of public opinion by
polls will be discussed in this eve
ning's broadcast. Impromptu ana
lyzation of the Gallup, Fortune, and
Crosley polls will be presented.
Eight members of the class will
participate in the second broadcast.
They include Dave Allen, Quentin
Thompson, Anne Killefer, Frank Al
bert, Bill Smith, Ed Johannessen,
Aubrey Austin, and Audrey Steele.
"I Think" will go on the air to
night at 7:15 o'clock over KQW as
the second radio "bull session" pre
sented by the Stanford Class in Pub
lic Opinion. Professor L. T. Chapin
will act as co-ordinator of the 15-
minute program.
Measurement of public opinion by
polls will be discussed in this eve
ning's broadcast. Impromptu ana
lyzation of the Gallup, Fortune, and
Crosley polls will be presented.
Eight members of the class will
participate in the second broadcast.
They include Dave Allen, Quentin
Thompson, Anne Killefer, Frank Al
bert, Bill Smith, Ed Johannessen,
Aubrey Austin, and Audrey Steele.
