# Changes Tactics
## 
### 

COUNTESS Barbara Ilutton
Haugwitz - Reventlow, dime-store
heiress whose divorce is ru
mored. changed her tactics with
photographers and co-operated
with them as she left for Hawaii
for the summer. Her young son
and retinue of servants went
along. »

COUNTESS Barbara Ilutton
Haugwitz - Reventlow, dime-store
heiress whose divorce is ru
mored. changed her tactics with
photographers and co-operated
with them as she left for Hawaii
for the summer. Her young son
and retinue of servants went
along. »

COUNTESS Barbara Ilutton
Haugwitz - Reventlow, dime-store
heiress whose divorce is ru
mored. changed her tactics with
photographers and co-operated
with them as she left for Hawaii
for the summer. Her young son
and retinue of servants went
along. »

COUNTESS Barbara Ilutton
Haugwitz - Reventlow, dime-store
heiress whose divorce is ru
mored. changed her tactics with
photographers and co-operated
with them as she left for Hawaii
for the summer. Her young son
and retinue of servants went
along. »

COUNTESS Barbara Ilutton
Haugwitz - Reventlow, dime-store
heiress whose divorce is ru
mored. changed her tactics with
photographers and co-operated
with them as she left for Hawaii
for the summer. Her young son
and retinue of servants went
along. »

COUNTESS Barbara Ilutton
Haugwitz - Reventlow, dime-store
heiress whose divorce is ru
mored. changed her tactics with
photographers and co-operated
with them as she left for Hawaii
for the summer. Her young son
and retinue of servants went
along. »

COUNTESS Barbara Ilutton
Haugwitz - Reventlow, dime-store
heiress whose divorce is ru
mored. changed her tactics with
photographers and co-operated
with them as she left for Hawaii
for the summer. Her young son
and retinue of servants went
along. »

COUNTESS Barbara Ilutton
Haugwitz - Reventlow, dime-store
heiress whose divorce is ru
mored. changed her tactics with
photographers and co-operated
with them as she left for Hawaii
for the summer. Her young son
and retinue of servants went
along. »

COUNTESS Barbara Ilutton
Haugwitz - Reventlow, dime-store
heiress whose divorce is ru
mored. changed her tactics with
photographers and co-operated
with them as she left for Hawaii
for the summer. Her young son
and retinue of servants went
along. »

COUNTESS Barbara Ilutton
Haugwitz - Reventlow, dime-store
heiress whose divorce is ru
mored. changed her tactics with
photographers and co-operated
with them as she left for Hawaii
for the summer. Her young son
and retinue of servants went
along. »

COUNTESS Barbara Ilutton
Haugwitz - Reventlow, dime-store
heiress whose divorce is ru
mored. changed her tactics with
photographers and co-operated
with them as she left for Hawaii
for the summer. Her young son
and retinue of servants went
along. »

COUNTESS Barbara Ilutton
Haugwitz - Reventlow, dime-store
heiress whose divorce is ru
mored. changed her tactics with
photographers and co-operated
with them as she left for Hawaii
for the summer. Her young son
and retinue of servants went
along. »

COUNTESS Barbara Ilutton
Haugwitz - Reventlow, dime-store
heiress whose divorce is ru
mored. changed her tactics with
photographers and co-operated
with them as she left for Hawaii
for the summer. Her young son
and retinue of servants went
along. »

COUNTESS Barbara Ilutton
Haugwitz - Reventlow, dime-store
heiress whose divorce is ru
mored. changed her tactics with
photographers and co-operated
with them as she left for Hawaii
for the summer. Her young son
and retinue of servants went
along. »

COUNTESS Barbara Ilutton
Haugwitz - Reventlow, dime-store
heiress whose divorce is ru
mored. changed her tactics with
photographers and co-operated
with them as she left for Hawaii
for the summer. Her young son
and retinue of servants went
along. »

COUNTESS Barbara Ilutton
Haugwitz - Reventlow, dime-store
heiress whose divorce is ru
mored. changed her tactics with
photographers and co-operated
with them as she left for Hawaii
for the summer. Her young son
and retinue of servants went
along. »

COUNTESS Barbara Ilutton
Haugwitz - Reventlow, dime-store
heiress whose divorce is ru
mored. changed her tactics with
photographers and co-operated
with them as she left for Hawaii
for the summer. Her young son
and retinue of servants went
along. »
