# Adenauer Put Up For Chancellor
## 
### 
BONN, Germany (UPIi Chan
cellor Konrad Adenauer was nom
inated yesterday for a fourth
term as head of the West German
government and parliament was
called into session today to vote
on the nomination.
West German President Hein
rich Luebko nominated the 85-
year-old Adenauer in a letter to
the speaker of parliament, Eugen
Gerstenmaier.
If elected by parliament, Ade
nauer, who has been in office
since 1949, would form a coalition
government linking his Christian
Democrats with the Free Demo
cratic Party. The Free Democrats
have wielded the balance of pow
er in West German politics since
Adenauer’s party lost its parlia
mentary majority in the Sept. 17
election.
BONN, Germany (UPIi Chan
cellor Konrad Adenauer was nom
inated yesterday for a fourth
term as head of the West German
government and parliament was
called into session today to vote
on the nomination.
West German President Hein
rich Luebko nominated the 85-
year-old Adenauer in a letter to
the speaker of parliament, Eugen
Gerstenmaier.
If elected by parliament, Ade
nauer, who has been in office
since 1949, would form a coalition
government linking his Christian
Democrats with the Free Demo
cratic Party. The Free Democrats
have wielded the balance of pow
er in West German politics since
Adenauer’s party lost its parlia
mentary majority in the Sept. 17
election.
BONN, Germany (UPIi Chan
cellor Konrad Adenauer was nom
inated yesterday for a fourth
term as head of the West German
government and parliament was
called into session today to vote
on the nomination.
West German President Hein
rich Luebko nominated the 85-
year-old Adenauer in a letter to
the speaker of parliament, Eugen
Gerstenmaier.
If elected by parliament, Ade
nauer, who has been in office
since 1949, would form a coalition
government linking his Christian
Democrats with the Free Demo
cratic Party. The Free Democrats
have wielded the balance of pow
er in West German politics since
Adenauer’s party lost its parlia
mentary majority in the Sept. 17
election.
BONN, Germany (UPIi Chan
cellor Konrad Adenauer was nom
inated yesterday for a fourth
term as head of the West German
government and parliament was
called into session today to vote
on the nomination.
West German President Hein
rich Luebko nominated the 85-
year-old Adenauer in a letter to
the speaker of parliament, Eugen
Gerstenmaier.
If elected by parliament, Ade
nauer, who has been in office
since 1949, would form a coalition
government linking his Christian
Democrats with the Free Demo
cratic Party. The Free Democrats
have wielded the balance of pow
er in West German politics since
Adenauer’s party lost its parlia
mentary majority in the Sept. 17
election.
BONN, Germany (UPIi Chan
cellor Konrad Adenauer was nom
inated yesterday for a fourth
term as head of the West German
government and parliament was
called into session today to vote
on the nomination.
West German President Hein
rich Luebko nominated the 85-
year-old Adenauer in a letter to
the speaker of parliament, Eugen
Gerstenmaier.
If elected by parliament, Ade
nauer, who has been in office
since 1949, would form a coalition
government linking his Christian
Democrats with the Free Demo
cratic Party. The Free Democrats
have wielded the balance of pow
er in West German politics since
Adenauer’s party lost its parlia
mentary majority in the Sept. 17
election.
BONN, Germany (UPIi Chan
cellor Konrad Adenauer was nom
inated yesterday for a fourth
term as head of the West German
government and parliament was
called into session today to vote
on the nomination.
West German President Hein
rich Luebko nominated the 85-
year-old Adenauer in a letter to
the speaker of parliament, Eugen
Gerstenmaier.
If elected by parliament, Ade
nauer, who has been in office
since 1949, would form a coalition
government linking his Christian
Democrats with the Free Demo
cratic Party. The Free Democrats
have wielded the balance of pow
er in West German politics since
Adenauer’s party lost its parlia
mentary majority in the Sept. 17
election.
BONN, Germany (UPIi Chan
cellor Konrad Adenauer was nom
inated yesterday for a fourth
term as head of the West German
government and parliament was
called into session today to vote
on the nomination.
West German President Hein
rich Luebko nominated the 85-
year-old Adenauer in a letter to
the speaker of parliament, Eugen
Gerstenmaier.
If elected by parliament, Ade
nauer, who has been in office
since 1949, would form a coalition
government linking his Christian
Democrats with the Free Demo
cratic Party. The Free Democrats
have wielded the balance of pow
er in West German politics since
Adenauer’s party lost its parlia
mentary majority in the Sept. 17
election.
BONN, Germany (UPIi Chan
cellor Konrad Adenauer was nom
inated yesterday for a fourth
term as head of the West German
government and parliament was
called into session today to vote
on the nomination.
West German President Hein
rich Luebko nominated the 85-
year-old Adenauer in a letter to
the speaker of parliament, Eugen
Gerstenmaier.
If elected by parliament, Ade
nauer, who has been in office
since 1949, would form a coalition
government linking his Christian
Democrats with the Free Demo
cratic Party. The Free Democrats
have wielded the balance of pow
er in West German politics since
Adenauer’s party lost its parlia
mentary majority in the Sept. 17
election.
BONN, Germany (UPIi Chan
cellor Konrad Adenauer was nom
inated yesterday for a fourth
term as head of the West German
government and parliament was
called into session today to vote
on the nomination.
West German President Hein
rich Luebko nominated the 85-
year-old Adenauer in a letter to
the speaker of parliament, Eugen
Gerstenmaier.
If elected by parliament, Ade
nauer, who has been in office
since 1949, would form a coalition
government linking his Christian
Democrats with the Free Demo
cratic Party. The Free Democrats
have wielded the balance of pow
er in West German politics since
Adenauer’s party lost its parlia
mentary majority in the Sept. 17
election.
BONN, Germany (UPIi Chan
cellor Konrad Adenauer was nom
inated yesterday for a fourth
term as head of the West German
government and parliament was
called into session today to vote
on the nomination.
West German President Hein
rich Luebko nominated the 85-
year-old Adenauer in a letter to
the speaker of parliament, Eugen
Gerstenmaier.
If elected by parliament, Ade
nauer, who has been in office
since 1949, would form a coalition
government linking his Christian
Democrats with the Free Demo
cratic Party. The Free Democrats
have wielded the balance of pow
er in West German politics since
Adenauer’s party lost its parlia
mentary majority in the Sept. 17
election.
BONN, Germany (UPIi Chan
cellor Konrad Adenauer was nom
inated yesterday for a fourth
term as head of the West German
government and parliament was
called into session today to vote
on the nomination.
West German President Hein
rich Luebko nominated the 85-
year-old Adenauer in a letter to
the speaker of parliament, Eugen
Gerstenmaier.
If elected by parliament, Ade
nauer, who has been in office
since 1949, would form a coalition
government linking his Christian
Democrats with the Free Demo
cratic Party. The Free Democrats
have wielded the balance of pow
er in West German politics since
Adenauer’s party lost its parlia
mentary majority in the Sept. 17
election.
BONN, Germany (UPIi Chan
cellor Konrad Adenauer was nom
inated yesterday for a fourth
term as head of the West German
government and parliament was
called into session today to vote
on the nomination.
West German President Hein
rich Luebko nominated the 85-
year-old Adenauer in a letter to
the speaker of parliament, Eugen
Gerstenmaier.
If elected by parliament, Ade
nauer, who has been in office
since 1949, would form a coalition
government linking his Christian
Democrats with the Free Demo
cratic Party. The Free Democrats
have wielded the balance of pow
er in West German politics since
Adenauer’s party lost its parlia
mentary majority in the Sept. 17
election.
BONN, Germany (UPIi Chan
cellor Konrad Adenauer was nom
inated yesterday for a fourth
term as head of the West German
government and parliament was
called into session today to vote
on the nomination.
West German President Hein
rich Luebko nominated the 85-
year-old Adenauer in a letter to
the speaker of parliament, Eugen
Gerstenmaier.
If elected by parliament, Ade
nauer, who has been in office
since 1949, would form a coalition
government linking his Christian
Democrats with the Free Demo
cratic Party. The Free Democrats
have wielded the balance of pow
er in West German politics since
Adenauer’s party lost its parlia
mentary majority in the Sept. 17
election.
BONN, Germany (UPIi Chan
cellor Konrad Adenauer was nom
inated yesterday for a fourth
term as head of the West German
government and parliament was
called into session today to vote
on the nomination.
West German President Hein
rich Luebko nominated the 85-
year-old Adenauer in a letter to
the speaker of parliament, Eugen
Gerstenmaier.
If elected by parliament, Ade
nauer, who has been in office
since 1949, would form a coalition
government linking his Christian
Democrats with the Free Demo
cratic Party. The Free Democrats
have wielded the balance of pow
er in West German politics since
Adenauer’s party lost its parlia
mentary majority in the Sept. 17
election.
BONN, Germany (UPIi Chan
cellor Konrad Adenauer was nom
inated yesterday for a fourth
term as head of the West German
government and parliament was
called into session today to vote
on the nomination.
West German President Hein
rich Luebko nominated the 85-
year-old Adenauer in a letter to
the speaker of parliament, Eugen
Gerstenmaier.
If elected by parliament, Ade
nauer, who has been in office
since 1949, would form a coalition
government linking his Christian
Democrats with the Free Demo
cratic Party. The Free Democrats
have wielded the balance of pow
er in West German politics since
Adenauer’s party lost its parlia
mentary majority in the Sept. 17
election.
BONN, Germany (UPIi Chan
cellor Konrad Adenauer was nom
inated yesterday for a fourth
term as head of the West German
government and parliament was
called into session today to vote
on the nomination.
West German President Hein
rich Luebko nominated the 85-
year-old Adenauer in a letter to
the speaker of parliament, Eugen
Gerstenmaier.
If elected by parliament, Ade
nauer, who has been in office
since 1949, would form a coalition
government linking his Christian
Democrats with the Free Demo
cratic Party. The Free Democrats
have wielded the balance of pow
er in West German politics since
Adenauer’s party lost its parlia
mentary majority in the Sept. 17
election.
