# $100 Fine Set for Display Change
## 
### 
Living groups which make last
minute changes in the design of
their Big Game decorations with
out the approval of Cardinals
will have a $lOO fine levied
against them under a LASSU
resolution passed last Thursday.
According to Cardinals’ decora
tion chairmen Jim Rogers and
Lee Stevenson, the fine is de
signed to avert “lewd or obscene
decorations which stem from last
minute changes” and provoke “a
great flood of public and campus
disgust.”
Detailed colored plans including
words and action must be sub
mitted to Cardinals for approval.
Plans will remain confidential.
Living groups which make last
minute changes in the design of
their Big Game decorations with
out the approval of Cardinals
will have a $lOO fine levied
against them under a LASSU
resolution passed last Thursday.
According to Cardinals’ decora
tion chairmen Jim Rogers and
Lee Stevenson, the fine is de
signed to avert “lewd or obscene
decorations which stem from last
minute changes” and provoke “a
great flood of public and campus
disgust.”
Detailed colored plans including
words and action must be sub
mitted to Cardinals for approval.
Plans will remain confidential.
Living groups which make last
minute changes in the design of
their Big Game decorations with
out the approval of Cardinals
will have a $lOO fine levied
against them under a LASSU
resolution passed last Thursday.
According to Cardinals’ decora
tion chairmen Jim Rogers and
Lee Stevenson, the fine is de
signed to avert “lewd or obscene
decorations which stem from last
minute changes” and provoke “a
great flood of public and campus
disgust.”
Detailed colored plans including
words and action must be sub
mitted to Cardinals for approval.
Plans will remain confidential.
Living groups which make last
minute changes in the design of
their Big Game decorations with
out the approval of Cardinals
will have a $lOO fine levied
against them under a LASSU
resolution passed last Thursday.
According to Cardinals’ decora
tion chairmen Jim Rogers and
Lee Stevenson, the fine is de
signed to avert “lewd or obscene
decorations which stem from last
minute changes” and provoke “a
great flood of public and campus
disgust.”
Detailed colored plans including
words and action must be sub
mitted to Cardinals for approval.
Plans will remain confidential.
Living groups which make last
minute changes in the design of
their Big Game decorations with
out the approval of Cardinals
will have a $lOO fine levied
against them under a LASSU
resolution passed last Thursday.
According to Cardinals’ decora
tion chairmen Jim Rogers and
Lee Stevenson, the fine is de
signed to avert “lewd or obscene
decorations which stem from last
minute changes” and provoke “a
great flood of public and campus
disgust.”
Detailed colored plans including
words and action must be sub
mitted to Cardinals for approval.
Plans will remain confidential.
Living groups which make last
minute changes in the design of
their Big Game decorations with
out the approval of Cardinals
will have a $lOO fine levied
against them under a LASSU
resolution passed last Thursday.
According to Cardinals’ decora
tion chairmen Jim Rogers and
Lee Stevenson, the fine is de
signed to avert “lewd or obscene
decorations which stem from last
minute changes” and provoke “a
great flood of public and campus
disgust.”
Detailed colored plans including
words and action must be sub
mitted to Cardinals for approval.
Plans will remain confidential.
Living groups which make last
minute changes in the design of
their Big Game decorations with
out the approval of Cardinals
will have a $lOO fine levied
against them under a LASSU
resolution passed last Thursday.
According to Cardinals’ decora
tion chairmen Jim Rogers and
Lee Stevenson, the fine is de
signed to avert “lewd or obscene
decorations which stem from last
minute changes” and provoke “a
great flood of public and campus
disgust.”
Detailed colored plans including
words and action must be sub
mitted to Cardinals for approval.
Plans will remain confidential.
Living groups which make last
minute changes in the design of
their Big Game decorations with
out the approval of Cardinals
will have a $lOO fine levied
against them under a LASSU
resolution passed last Thursday.
According to Cardinals’ decora
tion chairmen Jim Rogers and
Lee Stevenson, the fine is de
signed to avert “lewd or obscene
decorations which stem from last
minute changes” and provoke “a
great flood of public and campus
disgust.”
Detailed colored plans including
words and action must be sub
mitted to Cardinals for approval.
Plans will remain confidential.
Living groups which make last
minute changes in the design of
their Big Game decorations with
out the approval of Cardinals
will have a $lOO fine levied
against them under a LASSU
resolution passed last Thursday.
According to Cardinals’ decora
tion chairmen Jim Rogers and
Lee Stevenson, the fine is de
signed to avert “lewd or obscene
decorations which stem from last
minute changes” and provoke “a
great flood of public and campus
disgust.”
Detailed colored plans including
words and action must be sub
mitted to Cardinals for approval.
Plans will remain confidential.
Living groups which make last
minute changes in the design of
their Big Game decorations with
out the approval of Cardinals
will have a $lOO fine levied
against them under a LASSU
resolution passed last Thursday.
According to Cardinals’ decora
tion chairmen Jim Rogers and
Lee Stevenson, the fine is de
signed to avert “lewd or obscene
decorations which stem from last
minute changes” and provoke “a
great flood of public and campus
disgust.”
Detailed colored plans including
words and action must be sub
mitted to Cardinals for approval.
Plans will remain confidential.
Living groups which make last
minute changes in the design of
their Big Game decorations with
out the approval of Cardinals
will have a $lOO fine levied
against them under a LASSU
resolution passed last Thursday.
According to Cardinals’ decora
tion chairmen Jim Rogers and
Lee Stevenson, the fine is de
signed to avert “lewd or obscene
decorations which stem from last
minute changes” and provoke “a
great flood of public and campus
disgust.”
Detailed colored plans including
words and action must be sub
mitted to Cardinals for approval.
Plans will remain confidential.
Living groups which make last
minute changes in the design of
their Big Game decorations with
out the approval of Cardinals
will have a $lOO fine levied
against them under a LASSU
resolution passed last Thursday.
According to Cardinals’ decora
tion chairmen Jim Rogers and
Lee Stevenson, the fine is de
signed to avert “lewd or obscene
decorations which stem from last
minute changes” and provoke “a
great flood of public and campus
disgust.”
Detailed colored plans including
words and action must be sub
mitted to Cardinals for approval.
Plans will remain confidential.
Living groups which make last
minute changes in the design of
their Big Game decorations with
out the approval of Cardinals
will have a $lOO fine levied
against them under a LASSU
resolution passed last Thursday.
According to Cardinals’ decora
tion chairmen Jim Rogers and
Lee Stevenson, the fine is de
signed to avert “lewd or obscene
decorations which stem from last
minute changes” and provoke “a
great flood of public and campus
disgust.”
Detailed colored plans including
words and action must be sub
mitted to Cardinals for approval.
Plans will remain confidential.
Living groups which make last
minute changes in the design of
their Big Game decorations with
out the approval of Cardinals
will have a $lOO fine levied
against them under a LASSU
resolution passed last Thursday.
According to Cardinals’ decora
tion chairmen Jim Rogers and
Lee Stevenson, the fine is de
signed to avert “lewd or obscene
decorations which stem from last
minute changes” and provoke “a
great flood of public and campus
disgust.”
Detailed colored plans including
words and action must be sub
mitted to Cardinals for approval.
Plans will remain confidential.
Living groups which make last
minute changes in the design of
their Big Game decorations with
out the approval of Cardinals
will have a $lOO fine levied
against them under a LASSU
resolution passed last Thursday.
According to Cardinals’ decora
tion chairmen Jim Rogers and
Lee Stevenson, the fine is de
signed to avert “lewd or obscene
decorations which stem from last
minute changes” and provoke “a
great flood of public and campus
disgust.”
Detailed colored plans including
words and action must be sub
mitted to Cardinals for approval.
Plans will remain confidential.
Living groups which make last
minute changes in the design of
their Big Game decorations with
out the approval of Cardinals
will have a $lOO fine levied
against them under a LASSU
resolution passed last Thursday.
According to Cardinals’ decora
tion chairmen Jim Rogers and
Lee Stevenson, the fine is de
signed to avert “lewd or obscene
decorations which stem from last
minute changes” and provoke “a
great flood of public and campus
disgust.”
Detailed colored plans including
words and action must be sub
mitted to Cardinals for approval.
Plans will remain confidential.
