# Year's First Ski Club Meet To Feature Flicks, New Plans
## 
### 
The first Stanford Ski Club
meeting of the year will be held
tomorrow night at 7:30 in Cub
berly Auditorium. The meeting
will feature a 20-minute Warren
Miller ski film. Information about
this year’s club activities will be
provided as part of the program.
Kip Eder, president, has plans
for a Christmas ski week, pack
age trips, numerous movies, and
a ski swap in addition to the tra
ditional all-campus Winter Car
nival Weekend. Door prizes will
be given away to members of the
club at the end of the meeting.
The prizes include $25 worth of
gift certificates offered by Stan
ford Sport Shop and a pair of
stretch pants donated by Smith’s
Sport Shop.
MEMBERSHIPS will be avail
able at the meeting for $l, and
tickets for this year’s Christmas
Ski Week will be on sale for the
first time. There are only a hun
dred places available, and inter
ested persons are advised to pick
them up at this meeting, said
Eder.
The Ski Club is the focal point
of all ski activity at Stanford.
Boasting a membership of nearly
1000 students, it is the largest
organization of its type on cam
pus.
Other officers are Martin Gib
son, treasurer, Carol Langford,
secretary, Eric Fris, meetings,
and Bill Shurteff and Fred Hod
der, Winter Carnvial chairmen.
FROM THE October tryouts,
an enlarged excom has been chos
en to organize and administrate
the club’s services to Stanford
skiiers.
Among those chosen are; Biff
de Bivort, John Cahill, Tom
Campbell, Russ Faure-Brac, Bill
Gilstrap, Allan Hickok, Palmer
Hinsdale, Frank Myer, Bob Ost
ling, Steve Rogers, Bruce Sievers,

Pete Steil, and Tug Wilson. The
girls include: Jan Bauer, Penny
Brooke, Sue Burgenbauch, Karen
Christenson, Becky Holt, Karen
Kennedy, Jane Langworthy, Suky
Leonard, Andrea Lewis, Joan
Morrison, Connie McMillan, Pam
Ruben, Gail Sinton, Lesley Smith
and Elise Weiderman.
In addition to the annual Win
ter Carnival, the ski club’s aug
mented program will include a
special package Christmas Vaca
tion Ski Week December 26-30,
weekend package trips for every
week of winter quarter, and reg
ular Wednesday-night meetings.
The Ski Club arranges rides, get
togethers at ski areas, sale and
rental of ski equipment, bus
transportation and ski lessons.
