# Chappie Man Jailed Sunday
## 
### 
“The wheels of justice grind
slowly, but picayunishly fine,”
was the comment of Chaparral
staff member Mark Draper yes
terday afternoon upon his release
from Palo Alto City Jail.

Draper received a traffic cita
tion recently, and went to court
Oct. 26 when he was told to bring
his car to the police station to
have the charge—driving an auto
mobile without brake lights—
cleared.
When he failed to do so a des
perate struggle took place with
Palo Alto’s finest, and the culprit
was captured and jailed early
Sunday morning.
When confronted yesterday by
the local magistrate. Draper’s ex
cuse was that he had been unable
to bring his car to the station
because the car was not running.
Considering this, and that he
had spent the weekend in jail,
the judge released him at noon
yesterday, after fining him $lO.
“The wheels of justice grind
slowly, but picayunishly fine,”
was the comment of Chaparral
staff member Mark Draper yes
terday afternoon upon his release
from Palo Alto City Jail.

Draper received a traffic cita
tion recently, and went to court
Oct. 26 when he was told to bring
his car to the police station to
have the charge—driving an auto
mobile without brake lights—
cleared.
When he failed to do so a des
perate struggle took place with
Palo Alto’s finest, and the culprit
was captured and jailed early
Sunday morning.
When confronted yesterday by
the local magistrate. Draper’s ex
cuse was that he had been unable
to bring his car to the station
because the car was not running.
Considering this, and that he
had spent the weekend in jail,
the judge released him at noon
yesterday, after fining him $lO.
“The wheels of justice grind
slowly, but picayunishly fine,”
was the comment of Chaparral
staff member Mark Draper yes
terday afternoon upon his release
from Palo Alto City Jail.

Draper received a traffic cita
tion recently, and went to court
Oct. 26 when he was told to bring
his car to the police station to
have the charge—driving an auto
mobile without brake lights—
cleared.
When he failed to do so a des
perate struggle took place with
Palo Alto’s finest, and the culprit
was captured and jailed early
Sunday morning.
When confronted yesterday by
the local magistrate. Draper’s ex
cuse was that he had been unable
to bring his car to the station
because the car was not running.
Considering this, and that he
had spent the weekend in jail,
the judge released him at noon
yesterday, after fining him $lO.
“The wheels of justice grind
slowly, but picayunishly fine,”
was the comment of Chaparral
staff member Mark Draper yes
terday afternoon upon his release
from Palo Alto City Jail.

Draper received a traffic cita
tion recently, and went to court
Oct. 26 when he was told to bring
his car to the police station to
have the charge—driving an auto
mobile without brake lights—
cleared.
When he failed to do so a des
perate struggle took place with
Palo Alto’s finest, and the culprit
was captured and jailed early
Sunday morning.
When confronted yesterday by
the local magistrate. Draper’s ex
cuse was that he had been unable
to bring his car to the station
because the car was not running.
Considering this, and that he
had spent the weekend in jail,
the judge released him at noon
yesterday, after fining him $lO.
“The wheels of justice grind
slowly, but picayunishly fine,”
was the comment of Chaparral
staff member Mark Draper yes
terday afternoon upon his release
from Palo Alto City Jail.

Draper received a traffic cita
tion recently, and went to court
Oct. 26 when he was told to bring
his car to the police station to
have the charge—driving an auto
mobile without brake lights—
cleared.
When he failed to do so a des
perate struggle took place with
Palo Alto’s finest, and the culprit
was captured and jailed early
Sunday morning.
When confronted yesterday by
the local magistrate. Draper’s ex
cuse was that he had been unable
to bring his car to the station
because the car was not running.
Considering this, and that he
had spent the weekend in jail,
the judge released him at noon
yesterday, after fining him $lO.
“The wheels of justice grind
slowly, but picayunishly fine,”
was the comment of Chaparral
staff member Mark Draper yes
terday afternoon upon his release
from Palo Alto City Jail.

Draper received a traffic cita
tion recently, and went to court
Oct. 26 when he was told to bring
his car to the police station to
have the charge—driving an auto
mobile without brake lights—
cleared.
When he failed to do so a des
perate struggle took place with
Palo Alto’s finest, and the culprit
was captured and jailed early
Sunday morning.
When confronted yesterday by
the local magistrate. Draper’s ex
cuse was that he had been unable
to bring his car to the station
because the car was not running.
Considering this, and that he
had spent the weekend in jail,
the judge released him at noon
yesterday, after fining him $lO.
“The wheels of justice grind
slowly, but picayunishly fine,”
was the comment of Chaparral
staff member Mark Draper yes
terday afternoon upon his release
from Palo Alto City Jail.

Draper received a traffic cita
tion recently, and went to court
Oct. 26 when he was told to bring
his car to the police station to
have the charge—driving an auto
mobile without brake lights—
cleared.
When he failed to do so a des
perate struggle took place with
Palo Alto’s finest, and the culprit
was captured and jailed early
Sunday morning.
When confronted yesterday by
the local magistrate. Draper’s ex
cuse was that he had been unable
to bring his car to the station
because the car was not running.
Considering this, and that he
had spent the weekend in jail,
the judge released him at noon
yesterday, after fining him $lO.
“The wheels of justice grind
slowly, but picayunishly fine,”
was the comment of Chaparral
staff member Mark Draper yes
terday afternoon upon his release
from Palo Alto City Jail.

Draper received a traffic cita
tion recently, and went to court
Oct. 26 when he was told to bring
his car to the police station to
have the charge—driving an auto
mobile without brake lights—
cleared.
When he failed to do so a des
perate struggle took place with
Palo Alto’s finest, and the culprit
was captured and jailed early
Sunday morning.
When confronted yesterday by
the local magistrate. Draper’s ex
cuse was that he had been unable
to bring his car to the station
because the car was not running.
Considering this, and that he
had spent the weekend in jail,
the judge released him at noon
yesterday, after fining him $lO.
“The wheels of justice grind
slowly, but picayunishly fine,”
was the comment of Chaparral
staff member Mark Draper yes
terday afternoon upon his release
from Palo Alto City Jail.

Draper received a traffic cita
tion recently, and went to court
Oct. 26 when he was told to bring
his car to the police station to
have the charge—driving an auto
mobile without brake lights—
cleared.
When he failed to do so a des
perate struggle took place with
Palo Alto’s finest, and the culprit
was captured and jailed early
Sunday morning.
When confronted yesterday by
the local magistrate. Draper’s ex
cuse was that he had been unable
to bring his car to the station
because the car was not running.
Considering this, and that he
had spent the weekend in jail,
the judge released him at noon
yesterday, after fining him $lO.
“The wheels of justice grind
slowly, but picayunishly fine,”
was the comment of Chaparral
staff member Mark Draper yes
terday afternoon upon his release
from Palo Alto City Jail.

Draper received a traffic cita
tion recently, and went to court
Oct. 26 when he was told to bring
his car to the police station to
have the charge—driving an auto
mobile without brake lights—
cleared.
When he failed to do so a des
perate struggle took place with
Palo Alto’s finest, and the culprit
was captured and jailed early
Sunday morning.
When confronted yesterday by
the local magistrate. Draper’s ex
cuse was that he had been unable
to bring his car to the station
because the car was not running.
Considering this, and that he
had spent the weekend in jail,
the judge released him at noon
yesterday, after fining him $lO.
“The wheels of justice grind
slowly, but picayunishly fine,”
was the comment of Chaparral
staff member Mark Draper yes
terday afternoon upon his release
from Palo Alto City Jail.

Draper received a traffic cita
tion recently, and went to court
Oct. 26 when he was told to bring
his car to the police station to
have the charge—driving an auto
mobile without brake lights—
cleared.
When he failed to do so a des
perate struggle took place with
Palo Alto’s finest, and the culprit
was captured and jailed early
Sunday morning.
When confronted yesterday by
the local magistrate. Draper’s ex
cuse was that he had been unable
to bring his car to the station
because the car was not running.
Considering this, and that he
had spent the weekend in jail,
the judge released him at noon
yesterday, after fining him $lO.
“The wheels of justice grind
slowly, but picayunishly fine,”
was the comment of Chaparral
staff member Mark Draper yes
terday afternoon upon his release
from Palo Alto City Jail.

Draper received a traffic cita
tion recently, and went to court
Oct. 26 when he was told to bring
his car to the police station to
have the charge—driving an auto
mobile without brake lights—
cleared.
When he failed to do so a des
perate struggle took place with
Palo Alto’s finest, and the culprit
was captured and jailed early
Sunday morning.
When confronted yesterday by
the local magistrate. Draper’s ex
cuse was that he had been unable
to bring his car to the station
because the car was not running.
Considering this, and that he
had spent the weekend in jail,
the judge released him at noon
yesterday, after fining him $lO.
“The wheels of justice grind
slowly, but picayunishly fine,”
was the comment of Chaparral
staff member Mark Draper yes
terday afternoon upon his release
from Palo Alto City Jail.

Draper received a traffic cita
tion recently, and went to court
Oct. 26 when he was told to bring
his car to the police station to
have the charge—driving an auto
mobile without brake lights—
cleared.
When he failed to do so a des
perate struggle took place with
Palo Alto’s finest, and the culprit
was captured and jailed early
Sunday morning.
When confronted yesterday by
the local magistrate. Draper’s ex
cuse was that he had been unable
to bring his car to the station
because the car was not running.
Considering this, and that he
had spent the weekend in jail,
the judge released him at noon
yesterday, after fining him $lO.
“The wheels of justice grind
slowly, but picayunishly fine,”
was the comment of Chaparral
staff member Mark Draper yes
terday afternoon upon his release
from Palo Alto City Jail.

Draper received a traffic cita
tion recently, and went to court
Oct. 26 when he was told to bring
his car to the police station to
have the charge—driving an auto
mobile without brake lights—
cleared.
When he failed to do so a des
perate struggle took place with
Palo Alto’s finest, and the culprit
was captured and jailed early
Sunday morning.
When confronted yesterday by
the local magistrate. Draper’s ex
cuse was that he had been unable
to bring his car to the station
because the car was not running.
Considering this, and that he
had spent the weekend in jail,
the judge released him at noon
yesterday, after fining him $lO.
“The wheels of justice grind
slowly, but picayunishly fine,”
was the comment of Chaparral
staff member Mark Draper yes
terday afternoon upon his release
from Palo Alto City Jail.

Draper received a traffic cita
tion recently, and went to court
Oct. 26 when he was told to bring
his car to the police station to
have the charge—driving an auto
mobile without brake lights—
cleared.
When he failed to do so a des
perate struggle took place with
Palo Alto’s finest, and the culprit
was captured and jailed early
Sunday morning.
When confronted yesterday by
the local magistrate. Draper’s ex
cuse was that he had been unable
to bring his car to the station
because the car was not running.
Considering this, and that he
had spent the weekend in jail,
the judge released him at noon
yesterday, after fining him $lO.
“The wheels of justice grind
slowly, but picayunishly fine,”
was the comment of Chaparral
staff member Mark Draper yes
terday afternoon upon his release
from Palo Alto City Jail.

Draper received a traffic cita
tion recently, and went to court
Oct. 26 when he was told to bring
his car to the police station to
have the charge—driving an auto
mobile without brake lights—
cleared.
When he failed to do so a des
perate struggle took place with
Palo Alto’s finest, and the culprit
was captured and jailed early
Sunday morning.
When confronted yesterday by
the local magistrate. Draper’s ex
cuse was that he had been unable
to bring his car to the station
because the car was not running.
Considering this, and that he
had spent the weekend in jail,
the judge released him at noon
yesterday, after fining him $lO.
