# Film Director Talk on Tap
## 
### 
The noted American direc
tor of documentary films,
George Stoney, will give a
public lecture tomorrow at
4:15 p.m. in the Little The
atre.

Stoney has done a number
of award-winning films deal
ing with various social prob
lems, and is best known for
the film ‘‘All My Babies.”

In addition to his other
honors, Stoney has been
chosen to serve as final juror
in the Film and Communica
tion Competition being held
by the San Francisco Inter
national Film Festival.
Besides his work in film
production, Stoney has been
the director of the Film In
stitute at the college of the
City of New York and is pres
ently on the faculty of the
Center of Mass Communica
tions at Columbia University.
The noted American direc
tor of documentary films,
George Stoney, will give a
public lecture tomorrow at
4:15 p.m. in the Little The
atre.

Stoney has done a number
of award-winning films deal
ing with various social prob
lems, and is best known for
the film ‘‘All My Babies.”

In addition to his other
honors, Stoney has been
chosen to serve as final juror
in the Film and Communica
tion Competition being held
by the San Francisco Inter
national Film Festival.
Besides his work in film
production, Stoney has been
the director of the Film In
stitute at the college of the
City of New York and is pres
ently on the faculty of the
Center of Mass Communica
tions at Columbia University.
The noted American direc
tor of documentary films,
George Stoney, will give a
public lecture tomorrow at
4:15 p.m. in the Little The
atre.

Stoney has done a number
of award-winning films deal
ing with various social prob
lems, and is best known for
the film ‘‘All My Babies.”

In addition to his other
honors, Stoney has been
chosen to serve as final juror
in the Film and Communica
tion Competition being held
by the San Francisco Inter
national Film Festival.
Besides his work in film
production, Stoney has been
the director of the Film In
stitute at the college of the
City of New York and is pres
ently on the faculty of the
Center of Mass Communica
tions at Columbia University.
The noted American direc
tor of documentary films,
George Stoney, will give a
public lecture tomorrow at
4:15 p.m. in the Little The
atre.

Stoney has done a number
of award-winning films deal
ing with various social prob
lems, and is best known for
the film ‘‘All My Babies.”

In addition to his other
honors, Stoney has been
chosen to serve as final juror
in the Film and Communica
tion Competition being held
by the San Francisco Inter
national Film Festival.
Besides his work in film
production, Stoney has been
the director of the Film In
stitute at the college of the
City of New York and is pres
ently on the faculty of the
Center of Mass Communica
tions at Columbia University.
The noted American direc
tor of documentary films,
George Stoney, will give a
public lecture tomorrow at
4:15 p.m. in the Little The
atre.

Stoney has done a number
of award-winning films deal
ing with various social prob
lems, and is best known for
the film ‘‘All My Babies.”

In addition to his other
honors, Stoney has been
chosen to serve as final juror
in the Film and Communica
tion Competition being held
by the San Francisco Inter
national Film Festival.
Besides his work in film
production, Stoney has been
the director of the Film In
stitute at the college of the
City of New York and is pres
ently on the faculty of the
Center of Mass Communica
tions at Columbia University.
The noted American direc
tor of documentary films,
George Stoney, will give a
public lecture tomorrow at
4:15 p.m. in the Little The
atre.

Stoney has done a number
of award-winning films deal
ing with various social prob
lems, and is best known for
the film ‘‘All My Babies.”

In addition to his other
honors, Stoney has been
chosen to serve as final juror
in the Film and Communica
tion Competition being held
by the San Francisco Inter
national Film Festival.
Besides his work in film
production, Stoney has been
the director of the Film In
stitute at the college of the
City of New York and is pres
ently on the faculty of the
Center of Mass Communica
tions at Columbia University.
The noted American direc
tor of documentary films,
George Stoney, will give a
public lecture tomorrow at
4:15 p.m. in the Little The
atre.

Stoney has done a number
of award-winning films deal
ing with various social prob
lems, and is best known for
the film ‘‘All My Babies.”

In addition to his other
honors, Stoney has been
chosen to serve as final juror
in the Film and Communica
tion Competition being held
by the San Francisco Inter
national Film Festival.
Besides his work in film
production, Stoney has been
the director of the Film In
stitute at the college of the
City of New York and is pres
ently on the faculty of the
Center of Mass Communica
tions at Columbia University.
The noted American direc
tor of documentary films,
George Stoney, will give a
public lecture tomorrow at
4:15 p.m. in the Little The
atre.

Stoney has done a number
of award-winning films deal
ing with various social prob
lems, and is best known for
the film ‘‘All My Babies.”

In addition to his other
honors, Stoney has been
chosen to serve as final juror
in the Film and Communica
tion Competition being held
by the San Francisco Inter
national Film Festival.
Besides his work in film
production, Stoney has been
the director of the Film In
stitute at the college of the
City of New York and is pres
ently on the faculty of the
Center of Mass Communica
tions at Columbia University.
The noted American direc
tor of documentary films,
George Stoney, will give a
public lecture tomorrow at
4:15 p.m. in the Little The
atre.

Stoney has done a number
of award-winning films deal
ing with various social prob
lems, and is best known for
the film ‘‘All My Babies.”

In addition to his other
honors, Stoney has been
chosen to serve as final juror
in the Film and Communica
tion Competition being held
by the San Francisco Inter
national Film Festival.
Besides his work in film
production, Stoney has been
the director of the Film In
stitute at the college of the
City of New York and is pres
ently on the faculty of the
Center of Mass Communica
tions at Columbia University.
The noted American direc
tor of documentary films,
George Stoney, will give a
public lecture tomorrow at
4:15 p.m. in the Little The
atre.

Stoney has done a number
of award-winning films deal
ing with various social prob
lems, and is best known for
the film ‘‘All My Babies.”

In addition to his other
honors, Stoney has been
chosen to serve as final juror
in the Film and Communica
tion Competition being held
by the San Francisco Inter
national Film Festival.
Besides his work in film
production, Stoney has been
the director of the Film In
stitute at the college of the
City of New York and is pres
ently on the faculty of the
Center of Mass Communica
tions at Columbia University.
The noted American direc
tor of documentary films,
George Stoney, will give a
public lecture tomorrow at
4:15 p.m. in the Little The
atre.

Stoney has done a number
of award-winning films deal
ing with various social prob
lems, and is best known for
the film ‘‘All My Babies.”

In addition to his other
honors, Stoney has been
chosen to serve as final juror
in the Film and Communica
tion Competition being held
by the San Francisco Inter
national Film Festival.
Besides his work in film
production, Stoney has been
the director of the Film In
stitute at the college of the
City of New York and is pres
ently on the faculty of the
Center of Mass Communica
tions at Columbia University.
The noted American direc
tor of documentary films,
George Stoney, will give a
public lecture tomorrow at
4:15 p.m. in the Little The
atre.

Stoney has done a number
of award-winning films deal
ing with various social prob
lems, and is best known for
the film ‘‘All My Babies.”

In addition to his other
honors, Stoney has been
chosen to serve as final juror
in the Film and Communica
tion Competition being held
by the San Francisco Inter
national Film Festival.
Besides his work in film
production, Stoney has been
the director of the Film In
stitute at the college of the
City of New York and is pres
ently on the faculty of the
Center of Mass Communica
tions at Columbia University.
The noted American direc
tor of documentary films,
George Stoney, will give a
public lecture tomorrow at
4:15 p.m. in the Little The
atre.

Stoney has done a number
of award-winning films deal
ing with various social prob
lems, and is best known for
the film ‘‘All My Babies.”

In addition to his other
honors, Stoney has been
chosen to serve as final juror
in the Film and Communica
tion Competition being held
by the San Francisco Inter
national Film Festival.
Besides his work in film
production, Stoney has been
the director of the Film In
stitute at the college of the
City of New York and is pres
ently on the faculty of the
Center of Mass Communica
tions at Columbia University.
The noted American direc
tor of documentary films,
George Stoney, will give a
public lecture tomorrow at
4:15 p.m. in the Little The
atre.

Stoney has done a number
of award-winning films deal
ing with various social prob
lems, and is best known for
the film ‘‘All My Babies.”

In addition to his other
honors, Stoney has been
chosen to serve as final juror
in the Film and Communica
tion Competition being held
by the San Francisco Inter
national Film Festival.
Besides his work in film
production, Stoney has been
the director of the Film In
stitute at the college of the
City of New York and is pres
ently on the faculty of the
Center of Mass Communica
tions at Columbia University.
The noted American direc
tor of documentary films,
George Stoney, will give a
public lecture tomorrow at
4:15 p.m. in the Little The
atre.

Stoney has done a number
of award-winning films deal
ing with various social prob
lems, and is best known for
the film ‘‘All My Babies.”

In addition to his other
honors, Stoney has been
chosen to serve as final juror
in the Film and Communica
tion Competition being held
by the San Francisco Inter
national Film Festival.
Besides his work in film
production, Stoney has been
the director of the Film In
stitute at the college of the
City of New York and is pres
ently on the faculty of the
Center of Mass Communica
tions at Columbia University.
The noted American direc
tor of documentary films,
George Stoney, will give a
public lecture tomorrow at
4:15 p.m. in the Little The
atre.

Stoney has done a number
of award-winning films deal
ing with various social prob
lems, and is best known for
the film ‘‘All My Babies.”

In addition to his other
honors, Stoney has been
chosen to serve as final juror
in the Film and Communica
tion Competition being held
by the San Francisco Inter
national Film Festival.
Besides his work in film
production, Stoney has been
the director of the Film In
stitute at the college of the
City of New York and is pres
ently on the faculty of the
Center of Mass Communica
tions at Columbia University.
