# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
A Collection of
GIEST & GIEST
KNITS
Dresses, skirts, sweaters and
stretch pants
in an array of beautiful
colors.
Sizes 8 to 16
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
A Collection of
GIEST & GIEST
KNITS
Dresses, skirts, sweaters and
stretch pants
in an array of beautiful
colors.
Sizes 8 to 16
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
A Collection of
GIEST & GIEST
KNITS
Dresses, skirts, sweaters and
stretch pants
in an array of beautiful
colors.
Sizes 8 to 16
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
A Collection of
GIEST & GIEST
KNITS
Dresses, skirts, sweaters and
stretch pants
in an array of beautiful
colors.
Sizes 8 to 16
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
A Collection of
GIEST & GIEST
KNITS
Dresses, skirts, sweaters and
stretch pants
in an array of beautiful
colors.
Sizes 8 to 16
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
A Collection of
GIEST & GIEST
KNITS
Dresses, skirts, sweaters and
stretch pants
in an array of beautiful
colors.
Sizes 8 to 16
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
A Collection of
GIEST & GIEST
KNITS
Dresses, skirts, sweaters and
stretch pants
in an array of beautiful
colors.
Sizes 8 to 16
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
A Collection of
GIEST & GIEST
KNITS
Dresses, skirts, sweaters and
stretch pants
in an array of beautiful
colors.
Sizes 8 to 16
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
A Collection of
GIEST & GIEST
KNITS
Dresses, skirts, sweaters and
stretch pants
in an array of beautiful
colors.
Sizes 8 to 16
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
A Collection of
GIEST & GIEST
KNITS
Dresses, skirts, sweaters and
stretch pants
in an array of beautiful
colors.
Sizes 8 to 16
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
A Collection of
GIEST & GIEST
KNITS
Dresses, skirts, sweaters and
stretch pants
in an array of beautiful
colors.
Sizes 8 to 16
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
A Collection of
GIEST & GIEST
KNITS
Dresses, skirts, sweaters and
stretch pants
in an array of beautiful
colors.
Sizes 8 to 16
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
A Collection of
GIEST & GIEST
KNITS
Dresses, skirts, sweaters and
stretch pants
in an array of beautiful
colors.
Sizes 8 to 16
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
A Collection of
GIEST & GIEST
KNITS
Dresses, skirts, sweaters and
stretch pants
in an array of beautiful
colors.
Sizes 8 to 16
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
A Collection of
GIEST & GIEST
KNITS
Dresses, skirts, sweaters and
stretch pants
in an array of beautiful
colors.
Sizes 8 to 16
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
Hastings
CALIFORNIA
A Collection of
GIEST & GIEST
KNITS
Dresses, skirts, sweaters and
stretch pants
in an array of beautiful
colors.
Sizes 8 to 16
STANFORD
SHOPPING
CENTER
