# Book Exchange
## 
### 
Alpha Phi Omega will operate
its quarterly Book Exchange be
ginning today at 9 a.m. in the
Lobby of the Union Dining Room,
across from the Bookstore.
Alpha Phi Omega will operate
its quarterly Book Exchange be
ginning today at 9 a.m. in the
Lobby of the Union Dining Room,
across from the Bookstore.
Alpha Phi Omega will operate
its quarterly Book Exchange be
ginning today at 9 a.m. in the
Lobby of the Union Dining Room,
across from the Bookstore.
Alpha Phi Omega will operate
its quarterly Book Exchange be
ginning today at 9 a.m. in the
Lobby of the Union Dining Room,
across from the Bookstore.
Alpha Phi Omega will operate
its quarterly Book Exchange be
ginning today at 9 a.m. in the
Lobby of the Union Dining Room,
across from the Bookstore.
Alpha Phi Omega will operate
its quarterly Book Exchange be
ginning today at 9 a.m. in the
Lobby of the Union Dining Room,
across from the Bookstore.
Alpha Phi Omega will operate
its quarterly Book Exchange be
ginning today at 9 a.m. in the
Lobby of the Union Dining Room,
across from the Bookstore.
Alpha Phi Omega will operate
its quarterly Book Exchange be
ginning today at 9 a.m. in the
Lobby of the Union Dining Room,
across from the Bookstore.
Alpha Phi Omega will operate
its quarterly Book Exchange be
ginning today at 9 a.m. in the
Lobby of the Union Dining Room,
across from the Bookstore.
Alpha Phi Omega will operate
its quarterly Book Exchange be
ginning today at 9 a.m. in the
Lobby of the Union Dining Room,
across from the Bookstore.
Alpha Phi Omega will operate
its quarterly Book Exchange be
ginning today at 9 a.m. in the
Lobby of the Union Dining Room,
across from the Bookstore.
Alpha Phi Omega will operate
its quarterly Book Exchange be
ginning today at 9 a.m. in the
Lobby of the Union Dining Room,
across from the Bookstore.
Alpha Phi Omega will operate
its quarterly Book Exchange be
ginning today at 9 a.m. in the
Lobby of the Union Dining Room,
across from the Bookstore.
Alpha Phi Omega will operate
its quarterly Book Exchange be
ginning today at 9 a.m. in the
Lobby of the Union Dining Room,
across from the Bookstore.
Alpha Phi Omega will operate
its quarterly Book Exchange be
ginning today at 9 a.m. in the
Lobby of the Union Dining Room,
across from the Bookstore.
Alpha Phi Omega will operate
its quarterly Book Exchange be
ginning today at 9 a.m. in the
Lobby of the Union Dining Room,
across from the Bookstore.
