# GOP Scores JFK Record
## 
### 
WASHINGTON (UPI) A
group of House Republicans yes
terday charged the Kennedy ad
ministration with one of the worst
legislative records in history as
Congress moved into an overtime
final week of work.
At the same time, Senate Demo
cratic leader Mike Mansfield, D-
Mont, declared that the Demo
cratic-controlled Congress had
compiled a good record. He said
most of the administration re
quests had been approved, especi
ally in the senate.
Senate GOP leader Everett M.
Dirksen, HI., appearing on a TV
program with Mansfield (ABC -
Issue and Answers), said much of
the legislation had “incubated” in
the Eisenhower administration.
The Republican House attack on
Congress’ record was made by a
special panel of the House GOP
policy committee. Several Repub
lican senators joined in the criti
cism, called the Democratic record
"disappointing.”
Rep. John J. Rhodes, R-Ariz.,
chairman of the House GOP com
mittee, said the administration
suffered major defeats in agri
culture, school aid and “a host of
other proposals.”
