# 'Night in Vienna' Will Be Theme Of All-Campus Dance
## 
### 
"Plight in Vienna" is the theme of
the all-campus dance to be held at
Stern this Saturday from 9 until 1.
Admission will be free. This dance,
the last organized social event of
the summer quarter, is being spon
sored for the student body by cam
pus dormitories and ASSU.
Dress is semi - formal, which
means, according to Meredith Mag
nus, ASSU vice - president, '"suits
for the men, and anything from
short cocktail dresses to evening
gowns for the women."
Spike Lynch and his 12-piece or
chestra will play for the affair.
Open-faced sandwiches and a '"Vi
ennese punch" will be served dur
ing the evening.
As is usual at all campus dances
except the Senior Ball, men are
asked not to give their dates cor*
sages.
