# Five Chinese Scholarships Offered to Farm Students
## 
### 
Five scholarships with an annual
value of $1500 each have been es
tablished at Stanford by the Na
tional Government of China for the
purpose of encouraging Chinese
studies, it was announced today by

Dr. Donald 13. Tresidder, president.
To be known as the "Chinese Cul
tural Scholarships," they will, ac
cording to the provisions laid down
by the Chinese Ministry of Educa
tion, "be open to all students, ex
cept those of Chinese nationality,

who have shown merit in at lea',l
one years study in Chinese lan
Ullages, history, literature, art, ge
ography, or the social sciences in
relation to China; or who have con
tributed writings on any of these
subjects adjudged to be of value "
The tenure of the scholarships
will be for one year, renewable on
expiration, Dr. Tresidder said, but
no one student will be permitted to
hold a scholarship continuously for
more than three years.
Five scholarships with an annual
value of $1500 each have been es
tablished at Stanford by the Na
tional Government of China for the
purpose of encouraging Chinese
studies, it was announced today by

Dr. Donald 13. Tresidder, president.
To be known as the "Chinese Cul
tural Scholarships," they will, ac
cording to the provisions laid down
by the Chinese Ministry of Educa
tion, "be open to all students, ex
cept those of Chinese nationality,

who have shown merit in at lea',l
one years study in Chinese lan
Ullages, history, literature, art, ge
ography, or the social sciences in
relation to China; or who have con
tributed writings on any of these
subjects adjudged to be of value "
The tenure of the scholarships
will be for one year, renewable on
expiration, Dr. Tresidder said, but
no one student will be permitted to
hold a scholarship continuously for
more than three years.
Five scholarships with an annual
value of $1500 each have been es
tablished at Stanford by the Na
tional Government of China for the
purpose of encouraging Chinese
studies, it was announced today by

Dr. Donald 13. Tresidder, president.
To be known as the "Chinese Cul
tural Scholarships," they will, ac
cording to the provisions laid down
by the Chinese Ministry of Educa
tion, "be open to all students, ex
cept those of Chinese nationality,

who have shown merit in at lea',l
one years study in Chinese lan
Ullages, history, literature, art, ge
ography, or the social sciences in
relation to China; or who have con
tributed writings on any of these
subjects adjudged to be of value "
The tenure of the scholarships
will be for one year, renewable on
expiration, Dr. Tresidder said, but
no one student will be permitted to
hold a scholarship continuously for
more than three years.
Five scholarships with an annual
value of $1500 each have been es
tablished at Stanford by the Na
tional Government of China for the
purpose of encouraging Chinese
studies, it was announced today by

Dr. Donald 13. Tresidder, president.
To be known as the "Chinese Cul
tural Scholarships," they will, ac
cording to the provisions laid down
by the Chinese Ministry of Educa
tion, "be open to all students, ex
cept those of Chinese nationality,

who have shown merit in at lea',l
one years study in Chinese lan
Ullages, history, literature, art, ge
ography, or the social sciences in
relation to China; or who have con
tributed writings on any of these
subjects adjudged to be of value "
The tenure of the scholarships
will be for one year, renewable on
expiration, Dr. Tresidder said, but
no one student will be permitted to
hold a scholarship continuously for
more than three years.
Five scholarships with an annual
value of $1500 each have been es
tablished at Stanford by the Na
tional Government of China for the
purpose of encouraging Chinese
studies, it was announced today by

Dr. Donald 13. Tresidder, president.
To be known as the "Chinese Cul
tural Scholarships," they will, ac
cording to the provisions laid down
by the Chinese Ministry of Educa
tion, "be open to all students, ex
cept those of Chinese nationality,

who have shown merit in at lea',l
one years study in Chinese lan
Ullages, history, literature, art, ge
ography, or the social sciences in
relation to China; or who have con
tributed writings on any of these
subjects adjudged to be of value "
The tenure of the scholarships
will be for one year, renewable on
expiration, Dr. Tresidder said, but
no one student will be permitted to
hold a scholarship continuously for
more than three years.
Five scholarships with an annual
value of $1500 each have been es
tablished at Stanford by the Na
tional Government of China for the
purpose of encouraging Chinese
studies, it was announced today by

Dr. Donald 13. Tresidder, president.
To be known as the "Chinese Cul
tural Scholarships," they will, ac
cording to the provisions laid down
by the Chinese Ministry of Educa
tion, "be open to all students, ex
cept those of Chinese nationality,

who have shown merit in at lea',l
one years study in Chinese lan
Ullages, history, literature, art, ge
ography, or the social sciences in
relation to China; or who have con
tributed writings on any of these
subjects adjudged to be of value "
The tenure of the scholarships
will be for one year, renewable on
expiration, Dr. Tresidder said, but
no one student will be permitted to
hold a scholarship continuously for
more than three years.
Five scholarships with an annual
value of $1500 each have been es
tablished at Stanford by the Na
tional Government of China for the
purpose of encouraging Chinese
studies, it was announced today by

Dr. Donald 13. Tresidder, president.
To be known as the "Chinese Cul
tural Scholarships," they will, ac
cording to the provisions laid down
by the Chinese Ministry of Educa
tion, "be open to all students, ex
cept those of Chinese nationality,

who have shown merit in at lea',l
one years study in Chinese lan
Ullages, history, literature, art, ge
ography, or the social sciences in
relation to China; or who have con
tributed writings on any of these
subjects adjudged to be of value "
The tenure of the scholarships
will be for one year, renewable on
expiration, Dr. Tresidder said, but
no one student will be permitted to
hold a scholarship continuously for
more than three years.
Five scholarships with an annual
value of $1500 each have been es
tablished at Stanford by the Na
tional Government of China for the
purpose of encouraging Chinese
studies, it was announced today by

Dr. Donald 13. Tresidder, president.
To be known as the "Chinese Cul
tural Scholarships," they will, ac
cording to the provisions laid down
by the Chinese Ministry of Educa
tion, "be open to all students, ex
cept those of Chinese nationality,

who have shown merit in at lea',l
one years study in Chinese lan
Ullages, history, literature, art, ge
ography, or the social sciences in
relation to China; or who have con
tributed writings on any of these
subjects adjudged to be of value "
The tenure of the scholarships
will be for one year, renewable on
expiration, Dr. Tresidder said, but
no one student will be permitted to
hold a scholarship continuously for
more than three years.
Five scholarships with an annual
value of $1500 each have been es
tablished at Stanford by the Na
tional Government of China for the
purpose of encouraging Chinese
studies, it was announced today by

Dr. Donald 13. Tresidder, president.
To be known as the "Chinese Cul
tural Scholarships," they will, ac
cording to the provisions laid down
by the Chinese Ministry of Educa
tion, "be open to all students, ex
cept those of Chinese nationality,

who have shown merit in at lea',l
one years study in Chinese lan
Ullages, history, literature, art, ge
ography, or the social sciences in
relation to China; or who have con
tributed writings on any of these
subjects adjudged to be of value "
The tenure of the scholarships
will be for one year, renewable on
expiration, Dr. Tresidder said, but
no one student will be permitted to
hold a scholarship continuously for
more than three years.
Five scholarships with an annual
value of $1500 each have been es
tablished at Stanford by the Na
tional Government of China for the
purpose of encouraging Chinese
studies, it was announced today by

Dr. Donald 13. Tresidder, president.
To be known as the "Chinese Cul
tural Scholarships," they will, ac
cording to the provisions laid down
by the Chinese Ministry of Educa
tion, "be open to all students, ex
cept those of Chinese nationality,

who have shown merit in at lea',l
one years study in Chinese lan
Ullages, history, literature, art, ge
ography, or the social sciences in
relation to China; or who have con
tributed writings on any of these
subjects adjudged to be of value "
The tenure of the scholarships
will be for one year, renewable on
expiration, Dr. Tresidder said, but
no one student will be permitted to
hold a scholarship continuously for
more than three years.
Five scholarships with an annual
value of $1500 each have been es
tablished at Stanford by the Na
tional Government of China for the
purpose of encouraging Chinese
studies, it was announced today by

Dr. Donald 13. Tresidder, president.
To be known as the "Chinese Cul
tural Scholarships," they will, ac
cording to the provisions laid down
by the Chinese Ministry of Educa
tion, "be open to all students, ex
cept those of Chinese nationality,

who have shown merit in at lea',l
one years study in Chinese lan
Ullages, history, literature, art, ge
ography, or the social sciences in
relation to China; or who have con
tributed writings on any of these
subjects adjudged to be of value "
The tenure of the scholarships
will be for one year, renewable on
expiration, Dr. Tresidder said, but
no one student will be permitted to
hold a scholarship continuously for
more than three years.
Five scholarships with an annual
value of $1500 each have been es
tablished at Stanford by the Na
tional Government of China for the
purpose of encouraging Chinese
studies, it was announced today by

Dr. Donald 13. Tresidder, president.
To be known as the "Chinese Cul
tural Scholarships," they will, ac
cording to the provisions laid down
by the Chinese Ministry of Educa
tion, "be open to all students, ex
cept those of Chinese nationality,

who have shown merit in at lea',l
one years study in Chinese lan
Ullages, history, literature, art, ge
ography, or the social sciences in
relation to China; or who have con
tributed writings on any of these
subjects adjudged to be of value "
The tenure of the scholarships
will be for one year, renewable on
expiration, Dr. Tresidder said, but
no one student will be permitted to
hold a scholarship continuously for
more than three years.
Five scholarships with an annual
value of $1500 each have been es
tablished at Stanford by the Na
tional Government of China for the
purpose of encouraging Chinese
studies, it was announced today by

Dr. Donald 13. Tresidder, president.
To be known as the "Chinese Cul
tural Scholarships," they will, ac
cording to the provisions laid down
by the Chinese Ministry of Educa
tion, "be open to all students, ex
cept those of Chinese nationality,

who have shown merit in at lea',l
one years study in Chinese lan
Ullages, history, literature, art, ge
ography, or the social sciences in
relation to China; or who have con
tributed writings on any of these
subjects adjudged to be of value "
The tenure of the scholarships
will be for one year, renewable on
expiration, Dr. Tresidder said, but
no one student will be permitted to
hold a scholarship continuously for
more than three years.
Five scholarships with an annual
value of $1500 each have been es
tablished at Stanford by the Na
tional Government of China for the
purpose of encouraging Chinese
studies, it was announced today by

Dr. Donald 13. Tresidder, president.
To be known as the "Chinese Cul
tural Scholarships," they will, ac
cording to the provisions laid down
by the Chinese Ministry of Educa
tion, "be open to all students, ex
cept those of Chinese nationality,

who have shown merit in at lea',l
one years study in Chinese lan
Ullages, history, literature, art, ge
ography, or the social sciences in
relation to China; or who have con
tributed writings on any of these
subjects adjudged to be of value "
The tenure of the scholarships
will be for one year, renewable on
expiration, Dr. Tresidder said, but
no one student will be permitted to
hold a scholarship continuously for
more than three years.
Five scholarships with an annual
value of $1500 each have been es
tablished at Stanford by the Na
tional Government of China for the
purpose of encouraging Chinese
studies, it was announced today by

Dr. Donald 13. Tresidder, president.
To be known as the "Chinese Cul
tural Scholarships," they will, ac
cording to the provisions laid down
by the Chinese Ministry of Educa
tion, "be open to all students, ex
cept those of Chinese nationality,

who have shown merit in at lea',l
one years study in Chinese lan
Ullages, history, literature, art, ge
ography, or the social sciences in
relation to China; or who have con
tributed writings on any of these
subjects adjudged to be of value "
The tenure of the scholarships
will be for one year, renewable on
expiration, Dr. Tresidder said, but
no one student will be permitted to
hold a scholarship continuously for
more than three years.
