# BUDGET ESTIMATES DUE
## 
### 
All groups wishing appropriations
from the A.S.S.U. next year must
turn in budget estimates before
June 1. Otherwise appropriations
will be made on the basis of this
year's budget. Turn them in to Jim
Emerson, student manager, iit the
A.S.S. oflicc.
All groups wishing appropriations
from the A.S.S.U. next year must
turn in budget estimates before
June 1. Otherwise appropriations
will be made on the basis of this
year's budget. Turn them in to Jim
Emerson, student manager, iit the
A.S.S. oflicc.
All groups wishing appropriations
from the A.S.S.U. next year must
turn in budget estimates before
June 1. Otherwise appropriations
will be made on the basis of this
year's budget. Turn them in to Jim
Emerson, student manager, iit the
A.S.S. oflicc.
All groups wishing appropriations
from the A.S.S.U. next year must
turn in budget estimates before
June 1. Otherwise appropriations
will be made on the basis of this
year's budget. Turn them in to Jim
Emerson, student manager, iit the
A.S.S. oflicc.
All groups wishing appropriations
from the A.S.S.U. next year must
turn in budget estimates before
June 1. Otherwise appropriations
will be made on the basis of this
year's budget. Turn them in to Jim
Emerson, student manager, iit the
A.S.S. oflicc.
All groups wishing appropriations
from the A.S.S.U. next year must
turn in budget estimates before
June 1. Otherwise appropriations
will be made on the basis of this
year's budget. Turn them in to Jim
Emerson, student manager, iit the
A.S.S. oflicc.
All groups wishing appropriations
from the A.S.S.U. next year must
turn in budget estimates before
June 1. Otherwise appropriations
will be made on the basis of this
year's budget. Turn them in to Jim
Emerson, student manager, iit the
A.S.S. oflicc.
All groups wishing appropriations
from the A.S.S.U. next year must
turn in budget estimates before
June 1. Otherwise appropriations
will be made on the basis of this
year's budget. Turn them in to Jim
Emerson, student manager, iit the
A.S.S. oflicc.
All groups wishing appropriations
from the A.S.S.U. next year must
turn in budget estimates before
June 1. Otherwise appropriations
will be made on the basis of this
year's budget. Turn them in to Jim
Emerson, student manager, iit the
A.S.S. oflicc.
All groups wishing appropriations
from the A.S.S.U. next year must
turn in budget estimates before
June 1. Otherwise appropriations
will be made on the basis of this
year's budget. Turn them in to Jim
Emerson, student manager, iit the
A.S.S. oflicc.
All groups wishing appropriations
from the A.S.S.U. next year must
turn in budget estimates before
June 1. Otherwise appropriations
will be made on the basis of this
year's budget. Turn them in to Jim
Emerson, student manager, iit the
A.S.S. oflicc.
All groups wishing appropriations
from the A.S.S.U. next year must
turn in budget estimates before
June 1. Otherwise appropriations
will be made on the basis of this
year's budget. Turn them in to Jim
Emerson, student manager, iit the
A.S.S. oflicc.
All groups wishing appropriations
from the A.S.S.U. next year must
turn in budget estimates before
June 1. Otherwise appropriations
will be made on the basis of this
year's budget. Turn them in to Jim
Emerson, student manager, iit the
A.S.S. oflicc.
All groups wishing appropriations
from the A.S.S.U. next year must
turn in budget estimates before
June 1. Otherwise appropriations
will be made on the basis of this
year's budget. Turn them in to Jim
Emerson, student manager, iit the
A.S.S. oflicc.
All groups wishing appropriations
from the A.S.S.U. next year must
turn in budget estimates before
June 1. Otherwise appropriations
will be made on the basis of this
year's budget. Turn them in to Jim
Emerson, student manager, iit the
A.S.S. oflicc.
