# Ernie Brandsten Smiles Gets Boo'ful Valentine
## 
### 
At least one valentine was delivered
on the campus today. Ernie Brand
sten, master of aquatic ceremonies,
was the recipient. Of course the val
entine was from a lady, and one you
know well.
Mother Nature was the donor. The
valentine she brought was Spring.
Mother Nature gave it for keeps.
Ernie spent the week-end making
swimming quarters look like new.
Today things are dressed up in their
Sunday-go-to-meeting clothes,
and span. The tank is filled with
brand new water, as warm as a glass
of beer.
It might a-rained today. But it
didn't. So Ernie is happy, because
the interclass meet is but five days
distant. And there were seventeen
white dresses on the Quad. Spring
has caifae!
