# LAW GRADUATES TO FORM ORGANIZATION
## Noted Jurists of San Francisco Will Address Stanford Law Students 
### 
Law majors who are candidates for
degrees this semester, both of the J.
D. and LL.B. rank, met this afternoon
following a meeting of the Law asso
ciation. and discussed the question of
forming an organization. It was de
cided, however, owing to the small
number that attended, to postpone any
definite action until a later date.
A committee consisting of C. C.
Baker, R. E. Roberts, and V. M. Bry
dolf, was appointed by President Otis
H. Castle, of the Law association, to
look into the matter of getting speak
ers to make addresses at future meet
ings. In all probability, Chief Jus
tice Angelotti of the California Su
preme Court, and Judge Morrow of the
United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals, will be secured.
