# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
, fx U4.IW V* -
As natural
as barefoot
HOT, stiff, heavy
shoes are no
longer necessary. Cool,
comfortable K e d s are
the shoes the boys are
wearing -now.
Keds give to growing
feet the freedom of
going barefoot and yet
all the protection they
need.
Our Keds are genuine
Keds. There is just
the style of Keds here
that you need. Come
in and try on a pair of
Keds.
Now in—
Crepe-Soled Keds
for Boys
More Spring to the Stride
More Comfort
More Wear
3W\\T
174 Univ. Ave. Palo Alto
, fx U4.IW V* -
As natural
as barefoot
HOT, stiff, heavy
shoes are no
longer necessary. Cool,
comfortable K e d s are
the shoes the boys are
wearing -now.
Keds give to growing
feet the freedom of
going barefoot and yet
all the protection they
need.
Our Keds are genuine
Keds. There is just
the style of Keds here
that you need. Come
in and try on a pair of
Keds.
Now in—
Crepe-Soled Keds
for Boys
More Spring to the Stride
More Comfort
More Wear
3W\\T
174 Univ. Ave. Palo Alto
, fx U4.IW V* -
As natural
as barefoot
HOT, stiff, heavy
shoes are no
longer necessary. Cool,
comfortable K e d s are
the shoes the boys are
wearing -now.
Keds give to growing
feet the freedom of
going barefoot and yet
all the protection they
need.
Our Keds are genuine
Keds. There is just
the style of Keds here
that you need. Come
in and try on a pair of
Keds.
Now in—
Crepe-Soled Keds
for Boys
More Spring to the Stride
More Comfort
More Wear
3W\\T
174 Univ. Ave. Palo Alto
, fx U4.IW V* -
As natural
as barefoot
HOT, stiff, heavy
shoes are no
longer necessary. Cool,
comfortable K e d s are
the shoes the boys are
wearing -now.
Keds give to growing
feet the freedom of
going barefoot and yet
all the protection they
need.
Our Keds are genuine
Keds. There is just
the style of Keds here
that you need. Come
in and try on a pair of
Keds.
Now in—
Crepe-Soled Keds
for Boys
More Spring to the Stride
More Comfort
More Wear
3W\\T
174 Univ. Ave. Palo Alto
, fx U4.IW V* -
As natural
as barefoot
HOT, stiff, heavy
shoes are no
longer necessary. Cool,
comfortable K e d s are
the shoes the boys are
wearing -now.
Keds give to growing
feet the freedom of
going barefoot and yet
all the protection they
need.
Our Keds are genuine
Keds. There is just
the style of Keds here
that you need. Come
in and try on a pair of
Keds.
Now in—
Crepe-Soled Keds
for Boys
More Spring to the Stride
More Comfort
More Wear
3W\\T
174 Univ. Ave. Palo Alto
, fx U4.IW V* -
As natural
as barefoot
HOT, stiff, heavy
shoes are no
longer necessary. Cool,
comfortable K e d s are
the shoes the boys are
wearing -now.
Keds give to growing
feet the freedom of
going barefoot and yet
all the protection they
need.
Our Keds are genuine
Keds. There is just
the style of Keds here
that you need. Come
in and try on a pair of
Keds.
Now in—
Crepe-Soled Keds
for Boys
More Spring to the Stride
More Comfort
More Wear
3W\\T
174 Univ. Ave. Palo Alto
, fx U4.IW V* -
As natural
as barefoot
HOT, stiff, heavy
shoes are no
longer necessary. Cool,
comfortable K e d s are
the shoes the boys are
wearing -now.
Keds give to growing
feet the freedom of
going barefoot and yet
all the protection they
need.
Our Keds are genuine
Keds. There is just
the style of Keds here
that you need. Come
in and try on a pair of
Keds.
Now in—
Crepe-Soled Keds
for Boys
More Spring to the Stride
More Comfort
More Wear
3W\\T
174 Univ. Ave. Palo Alto
, fx U4.IW V* -
As natural
as barefoot
HOT, stiff, heavy
shoes are no
longer necessary. Cool,
comfortable K e d s are
the shoes the boys are
wearing -now.
Keds give to growing
feet the freedom of
going barefoot and yet
all the protection they
need.
Our Keds are genuine
Keds. There is just
the style of Keds here
that you need. Come
in and try on a pair of
Keds.
Now in—
Crepe-Soled Keds
for Boys
More Spring to the Stride
More Comfort
More Wear
3W\\T
174 Univ. Ave. Palo Alto
, fx U4.IW V* -
As natural
as barefoot
HOT, stiff, heavy
shoes are no
longer necessary. Cool,
comfortable K e d s are
the shoes the boys are
wearing -now.
Keds give to growing
feet the freedom of
going barefoot and yet
all the protection they
need.
Our Keds are genuine
Keds. There is just
the style of Keds here
that you need. Come
in and try on a pair of
Keds.
Now in—
Crepe-Soled Keds
for Boys
More Spring to the Stride
More Comfort
More Wear
3W\\T
174 Univ. Ave. Palo Alto
, fx U4.IW V* -
As natural
as barefoot
HOT, stiff, heavy
shoes are no
longer necessary. Cool,
comfortable K e d s are
the shoes the boys are
wearing -now.
Keds give to growing
feet the freedom of
going barefoot and yet
all the protection they
need.
Our Keds are genuine
Keds. There is just
the style of Keds here
that you need. Come
in and try on a pair of
Keds.
Now in—
Crepe-Soled Keds
for Boys
More Spring to the Stride
More Comfort
More Wear
3W\\T
174 Univ. Ave. Palo Alto
, fx U4.IW V* -
As natural
as barefoot
HOT, stiff, heavy
shoes are no
longer necessary. Cool,
comfortable K e d s are
the shoes the boys are
wearing -now.
Keds give to growing
feet the freedom of
going barefoot and yet
all the protection they
need.
Our Keds are genuine
Keds. There is just
the style of Keds here
that you need. Come
in and try on a pair of
Keds.
Now in—
Crepe-Soled Keds
for Boys
More Spring to the Stride
More Comfort
More Wear
3W\\T
174 Univ. Ave. Palo Alto
, fx U4.IW V* -
As natural
as barefoot
HOT, stiff, heavy
shoes are no
longer necessary. Cool,
comfortable K e d s are
the shoes the boys are
wearing -now.
Keds give to growing
feet the freedom of
going barefoot and yet
all the protection they
need.
Our Keds are genuine
Keds. There is just
the style of Keds here
that you need. Come
in and try on a pair of
Keds.
Now in—
Crepe-Soled Keds
for Boys
More Spring to the Stride
More Comfort
More Wear
3W\\T
174 Univ. Ave. Palo Alto
, fx U4.IW V* -
As natural
as barefoot
HOT, stiff, heavy
shoes are no
longer necessary. Cool,
comfortable K e d s are
the shoes the boys are
wearing -now.
Keds give to growing
feet the freedom of
going barefoot and yet
all the protection they
need.
Our Keds are genuine
Keds. There is just
the style of Keds here
that you need. Come
in and try on a pair of
Keds.
Now in—
Crepe-Soled Keds
for Boys
More Spring to the Stride
More Comfort
More Wear
3W\\T
174 Univ. Ave. Palo Alto
, fx U4.IW V* -
As natural
as barefoot
HOT, stiff, heavy
shoes are no
longer necessary. Cool,
comfortable K e d s are
the shoes the boys are
wearing -now.
Keds give to growing
feet the freedom of
going barefoot and yet
all the protection they
need.
Our Keds are genuine
Keds. There is just
the style of Keds here
that you need. Come
in and try on a pair of
Keds.
Now in—
Crepe-Soled Keds
for Boys
More Spring to the Stride
More Comfort
More Wear
3W\\T
174 Univ. Ave. Palo Alto
, fx U4.IW V* -
As natural
as barefoot
HOT, stiff, heavy
shoes are no
longer necessary. Cool,
comfortable K e d s are
the shoes the boys are
wearing -now.
Keds give to growing
feet the freedom of
going barefoot and yet
all the protection they
need.
Our Keds are genuine
Keds. There is just
the style of Keds here
that you need. Come
in and try on a pair of
Keds.
Now in—
Crepe-Soled Keds
for Boys
More Spring to the Stride
More Comfort
More Wear
3W\\T
174 Univ. Ave. Palo Alto
