# Extra Faculty "Chaparrals."
## 
### 
The entire edition of the faculty
Chaparral was sold before two
o'clock Friday, and the manage
ment has been compelled to have a
second lot printed for advertisers
and outside subscribers. A limited
number of extra copies will be
available for those who could not
obtain any Friday, and they will
be put on sale Wednesday or Fri
day at the Bookstore on the cam
pus and at Simians' and Tupman
Bros.' in Palo Alto. The sale of
the faculty number of the Chapar
ral was the record-breaker for the
last two years.
The entire edition of the faculty
Chaparral was sold before two
o'clock Friday, and the manage
ment has been compelled to have a
second lot printed for advertisers
and outside subscribers. A limited
number of extra copies will be
available for those who could not
obtain any Friday, and they will
be put on sale Wednesday or Fri
day at the Bookstore on the cam
pus and at Simians' and Tupman
Bros.' in Palo Alto. The sale of
the faculty number of the Chapar
ral was the record-breaker for the
last two years.
The entire edition of the faculty
Chaparral was sold before two
o'clock Friday, and the manage
ment has been compelled to have a
second lot printed for advertisers
and outside subscribers. A limited
number of extra copies will be
available for those who could not
obtain any Friday, and they will
be put on sale Wednesday or Fri
day at the Bookstore on the cam
pus and at Simians' and Tupman
Bros.' in Palo Alto. The sale of
the faculty number of the Chapar
ral was the record-breaker for the
last two years.
The entire edition of the faculty
Chaparral was sold before two
o'clock Friday, and the manage
ment has been compelled to have a
second lot printed for advertisers
and outside subscribers. A limited
number of extra copies will be
available for those who could not
obtain any Friday, and they will
be put on sale Wednesday or Fri
day at the Bookstore on the cam
pus and at Simians' and Tupman
Bros.' in Palo Alto. The sale of
the faculty number of the Chapar
ral was the record-breaker for the
last two years.
The entire edition of the faculty
Chaparral was sold before two
o'clock Friday, and the manage
ment has been compelled to have a
second lot printed for advertisers
and outside subscribers. A limited
number of extra copies will be
available for those who could not
obtain any Friday, and they will
be put on sale Wednesday or Fri
day at the Bookstore on the cam
pus and at Simians' and Tupman
Bros.' in Palo Alto. The sale of
the faculty number of the Chapar
ral was the record-breaker for the
last two years.
The entire edition of the faculty
Chaparral was sold before two
o'clock Friday, and the manage
ment has been compelled to have a
second lot printed for advertisers
and outside subscribers. A limited
number of extra copies will be
available for those who could not
obtain any Friday, and they will
be put on sale Wednesday or Fri
day at the Bookstore on the cam
pus and at Simians' and Tupman
Bros.' in Palo Alto. The sale of
the faculty number of the Chapar
ral was the record-breaker for the
last two years.
The entire edition of the faculty
Chaparral was sold before two
o'clock Friday, and the manage
ment has been compelled to have a
second lot printed for advertisers
and outside subscribers. A limited
number of extra copies will be
available for those who could not
obtain any Friday, and they will
be put on sale Wednesday or Fri
day at the Bookstore on the cam
pus and at Simians' and Tupman
Bros.' in Palo Alto. The sale of
the faculty number of the Chapar
ral was the record-breaker for the
last two years.
The entire edition of the faculty
Chaparral was sold before two
o'clock Friday, and the manage
ment has been compelled to have a
second lot printed for advertisers
and outside subscribers. A limited
number of extra copies will be
available for those who could not
obtain any Friday, and they will
be put on sale Wednesday or Fri
day at the Bookstore on the cam
pus and at Simians' and Tupman
Bros.' in Palo Alto. The sale of
the faculty number of the Chapar
ral was the record-breaker for the
last two years.
