# Alumni Notes.
## 
### 
—Spaulding, '96, Cochrane, '1)6,
and Reynolds,' 96, liave been asked
to join the newly organized Colum
bia football team which will play
Princeton, Brown, Indiana, Cornell,
and other teams. They will have
summer quitrters in New England
and the use of Manhattan Field.
—Six weeks ago R. C. McGregor,
an Ethics major here last year,
took passage with Prof. A. \V. An
thony, of San Diego, on the Stella
Erland, of which the two were joint
owners. Their mission was the col
lection of specimens on and near
the Central American Coast, for
Stanford and the Academy of
Sciences. On March 18 the vessel
was wrecked upon the coast of Lower
California. All on board escaped,
but none of the valuable specimens
were saved, and the party suffered
much hardship through the confis
cation of their provisions by the
authorities at Magdalena bay. The
party reached San Francisco yes
terday on the Pacific Steamship
Curacoa.
—Spaulding, '96, Cochrane, '1)6,
and Reynolds,' 96, liave been asked
to join the newly organized Colum
bia football team which will play
Princeton, Brown, Indiana, Cornell,
and other teams. They will have
summer quitrters in New England
and the use of Manhattan Field.
—Six weeks ago R. C. McGregor,
an Ethics major here last year,
took passage with Prof. A. \V. An
thony, of San Diego, on the Stella
Erland, of which the two were joint
owners. Their mission was the col
lection of specimens on and near
the Central American Coast, for
Stanford and the Academy of
Sciences. On March 18 the vessel
was wrecked upon the coast of Lower
California. All on board escaped,
but none of the valuable specimens
were saved, and the party suffered
much hardship through the confis
cation of their provisions by the
authorities at Magdalena bay. The
party reached San Francisco yes
terday on the Pacific Steamship
Curacoa.
—Spaulding, '96, Cochrane, '1)6,
and Reynolds,' 96, liave been asked
to join the newly organized Colum
bia football team which will play
Princeton, Brown, Indiana, Cornell,
and other teams. They will have
summer quitrters in New England
and the use of Manhattan Field.
—Six weeks ago R. C. McGregor,
an Ethics major here last year,
took passage with Prof. A. \V. An
thony, of San Diego, on the Stella
Erland, of which the two were joint
owners. Their mission was the col
lection of specimens on and near
the Central American Coast, for
Stanford and the Academy of
Sciences. On March 18 the vessel
was wrecked upon the coast of Lower
California. All on board escaped,
but none of the valuable specimens
were saved, and the party suffered
much hardship through the confis
cation of their provisions by the
authorities at Magdalena bay. The
party reached San Francisco yes
terday on the Pacific Steamship
Curacoa.
—Spaulding, '96, Cochrane, '1)6,
and Reynolds,' 96, liave been asked
to join the newly organized Colum
bia football team which will play
Princeton, Brown, Indiana, Cornell,
and other teams. They will have
summer quitrters in New England
and the use of Manhattan Field.
—Six weeks ago R. C. McGregor,
an Ethics major here last year,
took passage with Prof. A. \V. An
thony, of San Diego, on the Stella
Erland, of which the two were joint
owners. Their mission was the col
lection of specimens on and near
the Central American Coast, for
Stanford and the Academy of
Sciences. On March 18 the vessel
was wrecked upon the coast of Lower
California. All on board escaped,
but none of the valuable specimens
were saved, and the party suffered
much hardship through the confis
cation of their provisions by the
authorities at Magdalena bay. The
party reached San Francisco yes
terday on the Pacific Steamship
Curacoa.
—Spaulding, '96, Cochrane, '1)6,
and Reynolds,' 96, liave been asked
to join the newly organized Colum
bia football team which will play
Princeton, Brown, Indiana, Cornell,
and other teams. They will have
summer quitrters in New England
and the use of Manhattan Field.
—Six weeks ago R. C. McGregor,
an Ethics major here last year,
took passage with Prof. A. \V. An
thony, of San Diego, on the Stella
Erland, of which the two were joint
owners. Their mission was the col
lection of specimens on and near
the Central American Coast, for
Stanford and the Academy of
Sciences. On March 18 the vessel
was wrecked upon the coast of Lower
California. All on board escaped,
but none of the valuable specimens
were saved, and the party suffered
much hardship through the confis
cation of their provisions by the
authorities at Magdalena bay. The
party reached San Francisco yes
terday on the Pacific Steamship
Curacoa.
—Spaulding, '96, Cochrane, '1)6,
and Reynolds,' 96, liave been asked
to join the newly organized Colum
bia football team which will play
Princeton, Brown, Indiana, Cornell,
and other teams. They will have
summer quitrters in New England
and the use of Manhattan Field.
—Six weeks ago R. C. McGregor,
an Ethics major here last year,
took passage with Prof. A. \V. An
thony, of San Diego, on the Stella
Erland, of which the two were joint
owners. Their mission was the col
lection of specimens on and near
the Central American Coast, for
Stanford and the Academy of
Sciences. On March 18 the vessel
was wrecked upon the coast of Lower
California. All on board escaped,
but none of the valuable specimens
were saved, and the party suffered
much hardship through the confis
cation of their provisions by the
authorities at Magdalena bay. The
party reached San Francisco yes
terday on the Pacific Steamship
Curacoa.
