# Adv. 16 Page 3
## 
### 
GUADALAJARA
SUMMER SCHOOL
The accredited bilingual sum
mer school sponsored by the
Universidad Autonoma de
Guadalajara and members of
the Stanford University fac
ulty will be offered in Guad
alajara, Mexico, June 27-
August 7, 1954. Offerings
include art, creative writing,
folklore, geography, history,
language and literature
courses.
$225 covers six-weeks tui
tion, board and room. Consult
Pfof. Juan B. Rael, Room 400,
Dept. Germanic and Romanic
Languages,
TTh 10-10:30;
MTWThF 2-4-
I aasBßß
GUADALAJARA
SUMMER SCHOOL
The accredited bilingual sum
mer school sponsored by the
Universidad Autonoma de
Guadalajara and members of
the Stanford University fac
ulty will be offered in Guad
alajara, Mexico, June 27-
August 7, 1954. Offerings
include art, creative writing,
folklore, geography, history,
language and literature
courses.
$225 covers six-weeks tui
tion, board and room. Consult
Pfof. Juan B. Rael, Room 400,
Dept. Germanic and Romanic
Languages,
TTh 10-10:30;
MTWThF 2-4-
I aasBßß
GUADALAJARA
SUMMER SCHOOL
The accredited bilingual sum
mer school sponsored by the
Universidad Autonoma de
Guadalajara and members of
the Stanford University fac
ulty will be offered in Guad
alajara, Mexico, June 27-
August 7, 1954. Offerings
include art, creative writing,
folklore, geography, history,
language and literature
courses.
$225 covers six-weeks tui
tion, board and room. Consult
Pfof. Juan B. Rael, Room 400,
Dept. Germanic and Romanic
Languages,
TTh 10-10:30;
MTWThF 2-4-
I aasBßß
GUADALAJARA
SUMMER SCHOOL
The accredited bilingual sum
mer school sponsored by the
Universidad Autonoma de
Guadalajara and members of
the Stanford University fac
ulty will be offered in Guad
alajara, Mexico, June 27-
August 7, 1954. Offerings
include art, creative writing,
folklore, geography, history,
language and literature
courses.
$225 covers six-weeks tui
tion, board and room. Consult
Pfof. Juan B. Rael, Room 400,
Dept. Germanic and Romanic
Languages,
TTh 10-10:30;
MTWThF 2-4-
I aasBßß
GUADALAJARA
SUMMER SCHOOL
The accredited bilingual sum
mer school sponsored by the
Universidad Autonoma de
Guadalajara and members of
the Stanford University fac
ulty will be offered in Guad
alajara, Mexico, June 27-
August 7, 1954. Offerings
include art, creative writing,
folklore, geography, history,
language and literature
courses.
$225 covers six-weeks tui
tion, board and room. Consult
Pfof. Juan B. Rael, Room 400,
Dept. Germanic and Romanic
Languages,
TTh 10-10:30;
MTWThF 2-4-
I aasBßß
GUADALAJARA
SUMMER SCHOOL
The accredited bilingual sum
mer school sponsored by the
Universidad Autonoma de
Guadalajara and members of
the Stanford University fac
ulty will be offered in Guad
alajara, Mexico, June 27-
August 7, 1954. Offerings
include art, creative writing,
folklore, geography, history,
language and literature
courses.
$225 covers six-weeks tui
tion, board and room. Consult
Pfof. Juan B. Rael, Room 400,
Dept. Germanic and Romanic
Languages,
TTh 10-10:30;
MTWThF 2-4-
I aasBßß
GUADALAJARA
SUMMER SCHOOL
The accredited bilingual sum
mer school sponsored by the
Universidad Autonoma de
Guadalajara and members of
the Stanford University fac
ulty will be offered in Guad
alajara, Mexico, June 27-
August 7, 1954. Offerings
include art, creative writing,
folklore, geography, history,
language and literature
courses.
$225 covers six-weeks tui
tion, board and room. Consult
Pfof. Juan B. Rael, Room 400,
Dept. Germanic and Romanic
Languages,
TTh 10-10:30;
MTWThF 2-4-
I aasBßß
GUADALAJARA
SUMMER SCHOOL
The accredited bilingual sum
mer school sponsored by the
Universidad Autonoma de
Guadalajara and members of
the Stanford University fac
ulty will be offered in Guad
alajara, Mexico, June 27-
August 7, 1954. Offerings
include art, creative writing,
folklore, geography, history,
language and literature
courses.
$225 covers six-weeks tui
tion, board and room. Consult
Pfof. Juan B. Rael, Room 400,
Dept. Germanic and Romanic
Languages,
TTh 10-10:30;
MTWThF 2-4-
I aasBßß
GUADALAJARA
SUMMER SCHOOL
The accredited bilingual sum
mer school sponsored by the
Universidad Autonoma de
Guadalajara and members of
the Stanford University fac
ulty will be offered in Guad
alajara, Mexico, June 27-
August 7, 1954. Offerings
include art, creative writing,
folklore, geography, history,
language and literature
courses.
$225 covers six-weeks tui
tion, board and room. Consult
Pfof. Juan B. Rael, Room 400,
Dept. Germanic and Romanic
Languages,
TTh 10-10:30;
MTWThF 2-4-
I aasBßß
GUADALAJARA
SUMMER SCHOOL
The accredited bilingual sum
mer school sponsored by the
Universidad Autonoma de
Guadalajara and members of
the Stanford University fac
ulty will be offered in Guad
alajara, Mexico, June 27-
August 7, 1954. Offerings
include art, creative writing,
folklore, geography, history,
language and literature
courses.
$225 covers six-weeks tui
tion, board and room. Consult
Pfof. Juan B. Rael, Room 400,
Dept. Germanic and Romanic
Languages,
TTh 10-10:30;
MTWThF 2-4-
I aasBßß
GUADALAJARA
SUMMER SCHOOL
The accredited bilingual sum
mer school sponsored by the
Universidad Autonoma de
Guadalajara and members of
the Stanford University fac
ulty will be offered in Guad
alajara, Mexico, June 27-
August 7, 1954. Offerings
include art, creative writing,
folklore, geography, history,
language and literature
courses.
$225 covers six-weeks tui
tion, board and room. Consult
Pfof. Juan B. Rael, Room 400,
Dept. Germanic and Romanic
Languages,
TTh 10-10:30;
MTWThF 2-4-
I aasBßß
GUADALAJARA
SUMMER SCHOOL
The accredited bilingual sum
mer school sponsored by the
Universidad Autonoma de
Guadalajara and members of
the Stanford University fac
ulty will be offered in Guad
alajara, Mexico, June 27-
August 7, 1954. Offerings
include art, creative writing,
folklore, geography, history,
language and literature
courses.
$225 covers six-weeks tui
tion, board and room. Consult
Pfof. Juan B. Rael, Room 400,
Dept. Germanic and Romanic
Languages,
TTh 10-10:30;
MTWThF 2-4-
I aasBßß
GUADALAJARA
SUMMER SCHOOL
The accredited bilingual sum
mer school sponsored by the
Universidad Autonoma de
Guadalajara and members of
the Stanford University fac
ulty will be offered in Guad
alajara, Mexico, June 27-
August 7, 1954. Offerings
include art, creative writing,
folklore, geography, history,
language and literature
courses.
$225 covers six-weeks tui
tion, board and room. Consult
Pfof. Juan B. Rael, Room 400,
Dept. Germanic and Romanic
Languages,
TTh 10-10:30;
MTWThF 2-4-
I aasBßß
GUADALAJARA
SUMMER SCHOOL
The accredited bilingual sum
mer school sponsored by the
Universidad Autonoma de
Guadalajara and members of
the Stanford University fac
ulty will be offered in Guad
alajara, Mexico, June 27-
August 7, 1954. Offerings
include art, creative writing,
folklore, geography, history,
language and literature
courses.
$225 covers six-weeks tui
tion, board and room. Consult
Pfof. Juan B. Rael, Room 400,
Dept. Germanic and Romanic
Languages,
TTh 10-10:30;
MTWThF 2-4-
I aasBßß
