# Adv. 5 Page 2
## 
### 
HAVE YOU SEEN
THESE MEN?
YOU SHOULD!
THEY ARE
NAGLEE and WALLACE
who represent the
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
They have a modern, prac
tical and easy - to - own
life insurance plan for
Stanford students
Fcr further information, call
JOE NAGLEE and
RALPH WALLACE
2615 Cowpor St. DA 2-3067
Palo Alto
HAVE YOU SEEN
THESE MEN?
YOU SHOULD!
THEY ARE
NAGLEE and WALLACE
who represent the
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
They have a modern, prac
tical and easy - to - own
life insurance plan for
Stanford students
Fcr further information, call
JOE NAGLEE and
RALPH WALLACE
2615 Cowpor St. DA 2-3067
Palo Alto
HAVE YOU SEEN
THESE MEN?
YOU SHOULD!
THEY ARE
NAGLEE and WALLACE
who represent the
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
They have a modern, prac
tical and easy - to - own
life insurance plan for
Stanford students
Fcr further information, call
JOE NAGLEE and
RALPH WALLACE
2615 Cowpor St. DA 2-3067
Palo Alto
HAVE YOU SEEN
THESE MEN?
YOU SHOULD!
THEY ARE
NAGLEE and WALLACE
who represent the
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
They have a modern, prac
tical and easy - to - own
life insurance plan for
Stanford students
Fcr further information, call
JOE NAGLEE and
RALPH WALLACE
2615 Cowpor St. DA 2-3067
Palo Alto
HAVE YOU SEEN
THESE MEN?
YOU SHOULD!
THEY ARE
NAGLEE and WALLACE
who represent the
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
They have a modern, prac
tical and easy - to - own
life insurance plan for
Stanford students
Fcr further information, call
JOE NAGLEE and
RALPH WALLACE
2615 Cowpor St. DA 2-3067
Palo Alto
HAVE YOU SEEN
THESE MEN?
YOU SHOULD!
THEY ARE
NAGLEE and WALLACE
who represent the
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
They have a modern, prac
tical and easy - to - own
life insurance plan for
Stanford students
Fcr further information, call
JOE NAGLEE and
RALPH WALLACE
2615 Cowpor St. DA 2-3067
Palo Alto
HAVE YOU SEEN
THESE MEN?
YOU SHOULD!
THEY ARE
NAGLEE and WALLACE
who represent the
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
They have a modern, prac
tical and easy - to - own
life insurance plan for
Stanford students
Fcr further information, call
JOE NAGLEE and
RALPH WALLACE
2615 Cowpor St. DA 2-3067
Palo Alto
HAVE YOU SEEN
THESE MEN?
YOU SHOULD!
THEY ARE
NAGLEE and WALLACE
who represent the
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
They have a modern, prac
tical and easy - to - own
life insurance plan for
Stanford students
Fcr further information, call
JOE NAGLEE and
RALPH WALLACE
2615 Cowpor St. DA 2-3067
Palo Alto
HAVE YOU SEEN
THESE MEN?
YOU SHOULD!
THEY ARE
NAGLEE and WALLACE
who represent the
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
They have a modern, prac
tical and easy - to - own
life insurance plan for
Stanford students
Fcr further information, call
JOE NAGLEE and
RALPH WALLACE
2615 Cowpor St. DA 2-3067
Palo Alto
HAVE YOU SEEN
THESE MEN?
YOU SHOULD!
THEY ARE
NAGLEE and WALLACE
who represent the
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
They have a modern, prac
tical and easy - to - own
life insurance plan for
Stanford students
Fcr further information, call
JOE NAGLEE and
RALPH WALLACE
2615 Cowpor St. DA 2-3067
Palo Alto
HAVE YOU SEEN
THESE MEN?
YOU SHOULD!
THEY ARE
NAGLEE and WALLACE
who represent the
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
They have a modern, prac
tical and easy - to - own
life insurance plan for
Stanford students
Fcr further information, call
JOE NAGLEE and
RALPH WALLACE
2615 Cowpor St. DA 2-3067
Palo Alto
HAVE YOU SEEN
THESE MEN?
YOU SHOULD!
THEY ARE
NAGLEE and WALLACE
who represent the
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
They have a modern, prac
tical and easy - to - own
life insurance plan for
Stanford students
Fcr further information, call
JOE NAGLEE and
RALPH WALLACE
2615 Cowpor St. DA 2-3067
Palo Alto
HAVE YOU SEEN
THESE MEN?
YOU SHOULD!
THEY ARE
NAGLEE and WALLACE
who represent the
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
They have a modern, prac
tical and easy - to - own
life insurance plan for
Stanford students
Fcr further information, call
JOE NAGLEE and
RALPH WALLACE
2615 Cowpor St. DA 2-3067
Palo Alto
HAVE YOU SEEN
THESE MEN?
YOU SHOULD!
THEY ARE
NAGLEE and WALLACE
who represent the
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
They have a modern, prac
tical and easy - to - own
life insurance plan for
Stanford students
Fcr further information, call
JOE NAGLEE and
RALPH WALLACE
2615 Cowpor St. DA 2-3067
Palo Alto
