# PRE-MEDS TO MEET
## 
### 
Sigma Phi Sigma, Stanford pre
medical honorary fraternity, will
hold informal meetings tomorrow
night at 7:30 in the lobbies of Bran
ner, Roble, and Encina to explain
its organization to prospective
members.
All pre-med students with a 2.75
grade average or better and all pre
nursing students are eligible for
membership. '
Sigma Phi Sigma, Stanford pre
medical honorary fraternity, will
hold informal meetings tomorrow
night at 7:30 in the lobbies of Bran
ner, Roble, and Encina to explain
its organization to prospective
members.
All pre-med students with a 2.75
grade average or better and all pre
nursing students are eligible for
membership. '
Sigma Phi Sigma, Stanford pre
medical honorary fraternity, will
hold informal meetings tomorrow
night at 7:30 in the lobbies of Bran
ner, Roble, and Encina to explain
its organization to prospective
members.
All pre-med students with a 2.75
grade average or better and all pre
nursing students are eligible for
membership. '
Sigma Phi Sigma, Stanford pre
medical honorary fraternity, will
hold informal meetings tomorrow
night at 7:30 in the lobbies of Bran
ner, Roble, and Encina to explain
its organization to prospective
members.
All pre-med students with a 2.75
grade average or better and all pre
nursing students are eligible for
membership. '
Sigma Phi Sigma, Stanford pre
medical honorary fraternity, will
hold informal meetings tomorrow
night at 7:30 in the lobbies of Bran
ner, Roble, and Encina to explain
its organization to prospective
members.
All pre-med students with a 2.75
grade average or better and all pre
nursing students are eligible for
membership. '
Sigma Phi Sigma, Stanford pre
medical honorary fraternity, will
hold informal meetings tomorrow
night at 7:30 in the lobbies of Bran
ner, Roble, and Encina to explain
its organization to prospective
members.
All pre-med students with a 2.75
grade average or better and all pre
nursing students are eligible for
membership. '
Sigma Phi Sigma, Stanford pre
medical honorary fraternity, will
hold informal meetings tomorrow
night at 7:30 in the lobbies of Bran
ner, Roble, and Encina to explain
its organization to prospective
members.
All pre-med students with a 2.75
grade average or better and all pre
nursing students are eligible for
membership. '
Sigma Phi Sigma, Stanford pre
medical honorary fraternity, will
hold informal meetings tomorrow
night at 7:30 in the lobbies of Bran
ner, Roble, and Encina to explain
its organization to prospective
members.
All pre-med students with a 2.75
grade average or better and all pre
nursing students are eligible for
membership. '
Sigma Phi Sigma, Stanford pre
medical honorary fraternity, will
hold informal meetings tomorrow
night at 7:30 in the lobbies of Bran
ner, Roble, and Encina to explain
its organization to prospective
members.
All pre-med students with a 2.75
grade average or better and all pre
nursing students are eligible for
membership. '
Sigma Phi Sigma, Stanford pre
medical honorary fraternity, will
hold informal meetings tomorrow
night at 7:30 in the lobbies of Bran
ner, Roble, and Encina to explain
its organization to prospective
members.
All pre-med students with a 2.75
grade average or better and all pre
nursing students are eligible for
membership. '
Sigma Phi Sigma, Stanford pre
medical honorary fraternity, will
hold informal meetings tomorrow
night at 7:30 in the lobbies of Bran
ner, Roble, and Encina to explain
its organization to prospective
members.
All pre-med students with a 2.75
grade average or better and all pre
nursing students are eligible for
membership. '
Sigma Phi Sigma, Stanford pre
medical honorary fraternity, will
hold informal meetings tomorrow
night at 7:30 in the lobbies of Bran
ner, Roble, and Encina to explain
its organization to prospective
members.
All pre-med students with a 2.75
grade average or better and all pre
nursing students are eligible for
membership. '
Sigma Phi Sigma, Stanford pre
medical honorary fraternity, will
hold informal meetings tomorrow
night at 7:30 in the lobbies of Bran
ner, Roble, and Encina to explain
its organization to prospective
members.
All pre-med students with a 2.75
grade average or better and all pre
nursing students are eligible for
membership. '
Sigma Phi Sigma, Stanford pre
medical honorary fraternity, will
hold informal meetings tomorrow
night at 7:30 in the lobbies of Bran
ner, Roble, and Encina to explain
its organization to prospective
members.
All pre-med students with a 2.75
grade average or better and all pre
nursing students are eligible for
membership. '
