# CLUBS CONTINUE RUSH
## 
### 
Mating club rushing continues
this week with more pledge ban
quets and pledging ceremonies,
conducted by individual clubs,
scheduled for this weekend. The
Daily will publish the eating
clubs' pledge lists next Monday.
Mating club rushing continues
this week with more pledge ban
quets and pledging ceremonies,
conducted by individual clubs,
scheduled for this weekend. The
Daily will publish the eating
clubs' pledge lists next Monday.
Mating club rushing continues
this week with more pledge ban
quets and pledging ceremonies,
conducted by individual clubs,
scheduled for this weekend. The
Daily will publish the eating
clubs' pledge lists next Monday.
Mating club rushing continues
this week with more pledge ban
quets and pledging ceremonies,
conducted by individual clubs,
scheduled for this weekend. The
Daily will publish the eating
clubs' pledge lists next Monday.
Mating club rushing continues
this week with more pledge ban
quets and pledging ceremonies,
conducted by individual clubs,
scheduled for this weekend. The
Daily will publish the eating
clubs' pledge lists next Monday.
Mating club rushing continues
this week with more pledge ban
quets and pledging ceremonies,
conducted by individual clubs,
scheduled for this weekend. The
Daily will publish the eating
clubs' pledge lists next Monday.
Mating club rushing continues
this week with more pledge ban
quets and pledging ceremonies,
conducted by individual clubs,
scheduled for this weekend. The
Daily will publish the eating
clubs' pledge lists next Monday.
Mating club rushing continues
this week with more pledge ban
quets and pledging ceremonies,
conducted by individual clubs,
scheduled for this weekend. The
Daily will publish the eating
clubs' pledge lists next Monday.
Mating club rushing continues
this week with more pledge ban
quets and pledging ceremonies,
conducted by individual clubs,
scheduled for this weekend. The
Daily will publish the eating
clubs' pledge lists next Monday.
Mating club rushing continues
this week with more pledge ban
quets and pledging ceremonies,
conducted by individual clubs,
scheduled for this weekend. The
Daily will publish the eating
clubs' pledge lists next Monday.
Mating club rushing continues
this week with more pledge ban
quets and pledging ceremonies,
conducted by individual clubs,
scheduled for this weekend. The
Daily will publish the eating
clubs' pledge lists next Monday.
Mating club rushing continues
this week with more pledge ban
quets and pledging ceremonies,
conducted by individual clubs,
scheduled for this weekend. The
Daily will publish the eating
clubs' pledge lists next Monday.
Mating club rushing continues
this week with more pledge ban
quets and pledging ceremonies,
conducted by individual clubs,
scheduled for this weekend. The
Daily will publish the eating
clubs' pledge lists next Monday.
Mating club rushing continues
this week with more pledge ban
quets and pledging ceremonies,
conducted by individual clubs,
scheduled for this weekend. The
Daily will publish the eating
clubs' pledge lists next Monday.
