# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
THE
WHITE HOUSE
GLOVES MAIN FLOOR
wSBSssrW
iSUEDES
to animate the navy
and green alliance.
Pull-on type in splen
i did quality suede.
Also in Lido violet,
sulphur, geranium,
|| blue, arbutus, pink
I 3 00
San Francisco
THE
WHITE HOUSE
GLOVES MAIN FLOOR
wSBSssrW
iSUEDES
to animate the navy
and green alliance.
Pull-on type in splen
i did quality suede.
Also in Lido violet,
sulphur, geranium,
|| blue, arbutus, pink
I 3 00
San Francisco
THE
WHITE HOUSE
GLOVES MAIN FLOOR
wSBSssrW
iSUEDES
to animate the navy
and green alliance.
Pull-on type in splen
i did quality suede.
Also in Lido violet,
sulphur, geranium,
|| blue, arbutus, pink
I 3 00
San Francisco
THE
WHITE HOUSE
GLOVES MAIN FLOOR
wSBSssrW
iSUEDES
to animate the navy
and green alliance.
Pull-on type in splen
i did quality suede.
Also in Lido violet,
sulphur, geranium,
|| blue, arbutus, pink
I 3 00
San Francisco
THE
WHITE HOUSE
GLOVES MAIN FLOOR
wSBSssrW
iSUEDES
to animate the navy
and green alliance.
Pull-on type in splen
i did quality suede.
Also in Lido violet,
sulphur, geranium,
|| blue, arbutus, pink
I 3 00
San Francisco
THE
WHITE HOUSE
GLOVES MAIN FLOOR
wSBSssrW
iSUEDES
to animate the navy
and green alliance.
Pull-on type in splen
i did quality suede.
Also in Lido violet,
sulphur, geranium,
|| blue, arbutus, pink
I 3 00
San Francisco
THE
WHITE HOUSE
GLOVES MAIN FLOOR
wSBSssrW
iSUEDES
to animate the navy
and green alliance.
Pull-on type in splen
i did quality suede.
Also in Lido violet,
sulphur, geranium,
|| blue, arbutus, pink
I 3 00
San Francisco
THE
WHITE HOUSE
GLOVES MAIN FLOOR
wSBSssrW
iSUEDES
to animate the navy
and green alliance.
Pull-on type in splen
i did quality suede.
Also in Lido violet,
sulphur, geranium,
|| blue, arbutus, pink
I 3 00
San Francisco
THE
WHITE HOUSE
GLOVES MAIN FLOOR
wSBSssrW
iSUEDES
to animate the navy
and green alliance.
Pull-on type in splen
i did quality suede.
Also in Lido violet,
sulphur, geranium,
|| blue, arbutus, pink
I 3 00
San Francisco
THE
WHITE HOUSE
GLOVES MAIN FLOOR
wSBSssrW
iSUEDES
to animate the navy
and green alliance.
Pull-on type in splen
i did quality suede.
Also in Lido violet,
sulphur, geranium,
|| blue, arbutus, pink
I 3 00
San Francisco
THE
WHITE HOUSE
GLOVES MAIN FLOOR
wSBSssrW
iSUEDES
to animate the navy
and green alliance.
Pull-on type in splen
i did quality suede.
Also in Lido violet,
sulphur, geranium,
|| blue, arbutus, pink
I 3 00
San Francisco
THE
WHITE HOUSE
GLOVES MAIN FLOOR
wSBSssrW
iSUEDES
to animate the navy
and green alliance.
Pull-on type in splen
i did quality suede.
Also in Lido violet,
sulphur, geranium,
|| blue, arbutus, pink
I 3 00
San Francisco
THE
WHITE HOUSE
GLOVES MAIN FLOOR
wSBSssrW
iSUEDES
to animate the navy
and green alliance.
Pull-on type in splen
i did quality suede.
Also in Lido violet,
sulphur, geranium,
|| blue, arbutus, pink
I 3 00
San Francisco
THE
WHITE HOUSE
GLOVES MAIN FLOOR
wSBSssrW
iSUEDES
to animate the navy
and green alliance.
Pull-on type in splen
i did quality suede.
Also in Lido violet,
sulphur, geranium,
|| blue, arbutus, pink
I 3 00
San Francisco
THE
WHITE HOUSE
GLOVES MAIN FLOOR
wSBSssrW
iSUEDES
to animate the navy
and green alliance.
Pull-on type in splen
i did quality suede.
Also in Lido violet,
sulphur, geranium,
|| blue, arbutus, pink
I 3 00
San Francisco
THE
WHITE HOUSE
GLOVES MAIN FLOOR
wSBSssrW
iSUEDES
to animate the navy
and green alliance.
Pull-on type in splen
i did quality suede.
Also in Lido violet,
sulphur, geranium,
|| blue, arbutus, pink
I 3 00
San Francisco
