# GUERARD NAMED
## 
### 
Professor Albert Guerard was re
cently named to the editorial board
of the Franco-American Review, a
quarterly journal devoted to cul
tural and historical relations of
France and America. The first issue
is scheduled to appear in June.
Professor Albert Guerard was re
cently named to the editorial board
of the Franco-American Review, a
quarterly journal devoted to cul
tural and historical relations of
France and America. The first issue
is scheduled to appear in June.
Professor Albert Guerard was re
cently named to the editorial board
of the Franco-American Review, a
quarterly journal devoted to cul
tural and historical relations of
France and America. The first issue
is scheduled to appear in June.
Professor Albert Guerard was re
cently named to the editorial board
of the Franco-American Review, a
quarterly journal devoted to cul
tural and historical relations of
France and America. The first issue
is scheduled to appear in June.
Professor Albert Guerard was re
cently named to the editorial board
of the Franco-American Review, a
quarterly journal devoted to cul
tural and historical relations of
France and America. The first issue
is scheduled to appear in June.
Professor Albert Guerard was re
cently named to the editorial board
of the Franco-American Review, a
quarterly journal devoted to cul
tural and historical relations of
France and America. The first issue
is scheduled to appear in June.
Professor Albert Guerard was re
cently named to the editorial board
of the Franco-American Review, a
quarterly journal devoted to cul
tural and historical relations of
France and America. The first issue
is scheduled to appear in June.
Professor Albert Guerard was re
cently named to the editorial board
of the Franco-American Review, a
quarterly journal devoted to cul
tural and historical relations of
France and America. The first issue
is scheduled to appear in June.
Professor Albert Guerard was re
cently named to the editorial board
of the Franco-American Review, a
quarterly journal devoted to cul
tural and historical relations of
France and America. The first issue
is scheduled to appear in June.
Professor Albert Guerard was re
cently named to the editorial board
of the Franco-American Review, a
quarterly journal devoted to cul
tural and historical relations of
France and America. The first issue
is scheduled to appear in June.
Professor Albert Guerard was re
cently named to the editorial board
of the Franco-American Review, a
quarterly journal devoted to cul
tural and historical relations of
France and America. The first issue
is scheduled to appear in June.
Professor Albert Guerard was re
cently named to the editorial board
of the Franco-American Review, a
quarterly journal devoted to cul
tural and historical relations of
France and America. The first issue
is scheduled to appear in June.
Professor Albert Guerard was re
cently named to the editorial board
of the Franco-American Review, a
quarterly journal devoted to cul
tural and historical relations of
France and America. The first issue
is scheduled to appear in June.
Professor Albert Guerard was re
cently named to the editorial board
of the Franco-American Review, a
quarterly journal devoted to cul
tural and historical relations of
France and America. The first issue
is scheduled to appear in June.
Professor Albert Guerard was re
cently named to the editorial board
of the Franco-American Review, a
quarterly journal devoted to cul
tural and historical relations of
France and America. The first issue
is scheduled to appear in June.
Professor Albert Guerard was re
cently named to the editorial board
of the Franco-American Review, a
quarterly journal devoted to cul
tural and historical relations of
France and America. The first issue
is scheduled to appear in June.
