# Jobs Available For Musician, Carpenter
## 
### 
Student employment executive
Mrs. Irene Coverley is anxious to
interview applicants for the fol
lowing positions: Members of a five
piece dance orchestra; an older stu
dent familiar with boats, for paint
ing and repair work; experienced
general or grocery store clerk; gov
erness for small children, with an
excellent command of French; girl
for housework and cookery; hotel
desk clerk.
An older student, preferably a
woman, with experience or train
ing in dietetics, as pantry super
visor at a resort; a graduate with
extensive dining room experience,
as head waiter or waitress; several
skilled truck drivers and mechan
ics; camp counselor, at least 21; and
a student who, planning to go East
this summer, would act as skilled
chauffeur to a woman driving the
northern route.
Student employment executive
Mrs. Irene Coverley is anxious to
interview applicants for the fol
lowing positions: Members of a five
piece dance orchestra; an older stu
dent familiar with boats, for paint
ing and repair work; experienced
general or grocery store clerk; gov
erness for small children, with an
excellent command of French; girl
for housework and cookery; hotel
desk clerk.
An older student, preferably a
woman, with experience or train
ing in dietetics, as pantry super
visor at a resort; a graduate with
extensive dining room experience,
as head waiter or waitress; several
skilled truck drivers and mechan
ics; camp counselor, at least 21; and
a student who, planning to go East
this summer, would act as skilled
chauffeur to a woman driving the
northern route.
Student employment executive
Mrs. Irene Coverley is anxious to
interview applicants for the fol
lowing positions: Members of a five
piece dance orchestra; an older stu
dent familiar with boats, for paint
ing and repair work; experienced
general or grocery store clerk; gov
erness for small children, with an
excellent command of French; girl
for housework and cookery; hotel
desk clerk.
An older student, preferably a
woman, with experience or train
ing in dietetics, as pantry super
visor at a resort; a graduate with
extensive dining room experience,
as head waiter or waitress; several
skilled truck drivers and mechan
ics; camp counselor, at least 21; and
a student who, planning to go East
this summer, would act as skilled
chauffeur to a woman driving the
northern route.
Student employment executive
Mrs. Irene Coverley is anxious to
interview applicants for the fol
lowing positions: Members of a five
piece dance orchestra; an older stu
dent familiar with boats, for paint
ing and repair work; experienced
general or grocery store clerk; gov
erness for small children, with an
excellent command of French; girl
for housework and cookery; hotel
desk clerk.
An older student, preferably a
woman, with experience or train
ing in dietetics, as pantry super
visor at a resort; a graduate with
extensive dining room experience,
as head waiter or waitress; several
skilled truck drivers and mechan
ics; camp counselor, at least 21; and
a student who, planning to go East
this summer, would act as skilled
chauffeur to a woman driving the
northern route.
Student employment executive
Mrs. Irene Coverley is anxious to
interview applicants for the fol
lowing positions: Members of a five
piece dance orchestra; an older stu
dent familiar with boats, for paint
ing and repair work; experienced
general or grocery store clerk; gov
erness for small children, with an
excellent command of French; girl
for housework and cookery; hotel
desk clerk.
An older student, preferably a
woman, with experience or train
ing in dietetics, as pantry super
visor at a resort; a graduate with
extensive dining room experience,
as head waiter or waitress; several
skilled truck drivers and mechan
ics; camp counselor, at least 21; and
a student who, planning to go East
this summer, would act as skilled
chauffeur to a woman driving the
northern route.
Student employment executive
Mrs. Irene Coverley is anxious to
interview applicants for the fol
lowing positions: Members of a five
piece dance orchestra; an older stu
dent familiar with boats, for paint
ing and repair work; experienced
general or grocery store clerk; gov
erness for small children, with an
excellent command of French; girl
for housework and cookery; hotel
desk clerk.
An older student, preferably a
woman, with experience or train
ing in dietetics, as pantry super
visor at a resort; a graduate with
extensive dining room experience,
as head waiter or waitress; several
skilled truck drivers and mechan
ics; camp counselor, at least 21; and
a student who, planning to go East
this summer, would act as skilled
chauffeur to a woman driving the
northern route.
Student employment executive
Mrs. Irene Coverley is anxious to
interview applicants for the fol
lowing positions: Members of a five
piece dance orchestra; an older stu
dent familiar with boats, for paint
ing and repair work; experienced
general or grocery store clerk; gov
erness for small children, with an
excellent command of French; girl
for housework and cookery; hotel
desk clerk.
An older student, preferably a
woman, with experience or train
ing in dietetics, as pantry super
visor at a resort; a graduate with
extensive dining room experience,
as head waiter or waitress; several
skilled truck drivers and mechan
ics; camp counselor, at least 21; and
a student who, planning to go East
this summer, would act as skilled
chauffeur to a woman driving the
northern route.
Student employment executive
Mrs. Irene Coverley is anxious to
interview applicants for the fol
lowing positions: Members of a five
piece dance orchestra; an older stu
dent familiar with boats, for paint
ing and repair work; experienced
general or grocery store clerk; gov
erness for small children, with an
excellent command of French; girl
for housework and cookery; hotel
desk clerk.
An older student, preferably a
woman, with experience or train
ing in dietetics, as pantry super
visor at a resort; a graduate with
extensive dining room experience,
as head waiter or waitress; several
skilled truck drivers and mechan
ics; camp counselor, at least 21; and
a student who, planning to go East
this summer, would act as skilled
chauffeur to a woman driving the
northern route.
Student employment executive
Mrs. Irene Coverley is anxious to
interview applicants for the fol
lowing positions: Members of a five
piece dance orchestra; an older stu
dent familiar with boats, for paint
ing and repair work; experienced
general or grocery store clerk; gov
erness for small children, with an
excellent command of French; girl
for housework and cookery; hotel
desk clerk.
An older student, preferably a
woman, with experience or train
ing in dietetics, as pantry super
visor at a resort; a graduate with
extensive dining room experience,
as head waiter or waitress; several
skilled truck drivers and mechan
ics; camp counselor, at least 21; and
a student who, planning to go East
this summer, would act as skilled
chauffeur to a woman driving the
northern route.
Student employment executive
Mrs. Irene Coverley is anxious to
interview applicants for the fol
lowing positions: Members of a five
piece dance orchestra; an older stu
dent familiar with boats, for paint
ing and repair work; experienced
general or grocery store clerk; gov
erness for small children, with an
excellent command of French; girl
for housework and cookery; hotel
desk clerk.
An older student, preferably a
woman, with experience or train
ing in dietetics, as pantry super
visor at a resort; a graduate with
extensive dining room experience,
as head waiter or waitress; several
skilled truck drivers and mechan
ics; camp counselor, at least 21; and
a student who, planning to go East
this summer, would act as skilled
chauffeur to a woman driving the
northern route.
Student employment executive
Mrs. Irene Coverley is anxious to
interview applicants for the fol
lowing positions: Members of a five
piece dance orchestra; an older stu
dent familiar with boats, for paint
ing and repair work; experienced
general or grocery store clerk; gov
erness for small children, with an
excellent command of French; girl
for housework and cookery; hotel
desk clerk.
An older student, preferably a
woman, with experience or train
ing in dietetics, as pantry super
visor at a resort; a graduate with
extensive dining room experience,
as head waiter or waitress; several
skilled truck drivers and mechan
ics; camp counselor, at least 21; and
a student who, planning to go East
this summer, would act as skilled
chauffeur to a woman driving the
northern route.
Student employment executive
Mrs. Irene Coverley is anxious to
interview applicants for the fol
lowing positions: Members of a five
piece dance orchestra; an older stu
dent familiar with boats, for paint
ing and repair work; experienced
general or grocery store clerk; gov
erness for small children, with an
excellent command of French; girl
for housework and cookery; hotel
desk clerk.
An older student, preferably a
woman, with experience or train
ing in dietetics, as pantry super
visor at a resort; a graduate with
extensive dining room experience,
as head waiter or waitress; several
skilled truck drivers and mechan
ics; camp counselor, at least 21; and
a student who, planning to go East
this summer, would act as skilled
chauffeur to a woman driving the
northern route.
Student employment executive
Mrs. Irene Coverley is anxious to
interview applicants for the fol
lowing positions: Members of a five
piece dance orchestra; an older stu
dent familiar with boats, for paint
ing and repair work; experienced
general or grocery store clerk; gov
erness for small children, with an
excellent command of French; girl
for housework and cookery; hotel
desk clerk.
An older student, preferably a
woman, with experience or train
ing in dietetics, as pantry super
visor at a resort; a graduate with
extensive dining room experience,
as head waiter or waitress; several
skilled truck drivers and mechan
ics; camp counselor, at least 21; and
a student who, planning to go East
this summer, would act as skilled
chauffeur to a woman driving the
northern route.
Student employment executive
Mrs. Irene Coverley is anxious to
interview applicants for the fol
lowing positions: Members of a five
piece dance orchestra; an older stu
dent familiar with boats, for paint
ing and repair work; experienced
general or grocery store clerk; gov
erness for small children, with an
excellent command of French; girl
for housework and cookery; hotel
desk clerk.
An older student, preferably a
woman, with experience or train
ing in dietetics, as pantry super
visor at a resort; a graduate with
extensive dining room experience,
as head waiter or waitress; several
skilled truck drivers and mechan
ics; camp counselor, at least 21; and
a student who, planning to go East
this summer, would act as skilled
chauffeur to a woman driving the
northern route.
Student employment executive
Mrs. Irene Coverley is anxious to
interview applicants for the fol
lowing positions: Members of a five
piece dance orchestra; an older stu
dent familiar with boats, for paint
ing and repair work; experienced
general or grocery store clerk; gov
erness for small children, with an
excellent command of French; girl
for housework and cookery; hotel
desk clerk.
An older student, preferably a
woman, with experience or train
ing in dietetics, as pantry super
visor at a resort; a graduate with
extensive dining room experience,
as head waiter or waitress; several
skilled truck drivers and mechan
ics; camp counselor, at least 21; and
a student who, planning to go East
this summer, would act as skilled
chauffeur to a woman driving the
northern route.
Student employment executive
Mrs. Irene Coverley is anxious to
interview applicants for the fol
lowing positions: Members of a five
piece dance orchestra; an older stu
dent familiar with boats, for paint
ing and repair work; experienced
general or grocery store clerk; gov
erness for small children, with an
excellent command of French; girl
for housework and cookery; hotel
desk clerk.
An older student, preferably a
woman, with experience or train
ing in dietetics, as pantry super
visor at a resort; a graduate with
extensive dining room experience,
as head waiter or waitress; several
skilled truck drivers and mechan
ics; camp counselor, at least 21; and
a student who, planning to go East
this summer, would act as skilled
chauffeur to a woman driving the
northern route.
