# Zoological Specimens Arrive.
## 
### 
The material gathered by Dr.
Gilbert and his associates on the
recent expedition of the United
States Fish Commission is being
unpacked in the basement of the
Assembly Hall. The specimens
will be divided into groups and
sent to the leading specialists
throughout the country, who will
embody their discoveries in pub
lished reports. Eventually a set
of duplicates will be received here
and will be used for reports. The
material was collected around the
Hawaiian Islands, from Hawaii to
Laysam, a section covering a dis
tance of 1000 miles. The dredging
was done from shallow water to a
distance of two miles out. The ex
pedition was away six months.
