# Is Based on Gymnasium Tests.
## 
### 
There appeared in the September
number of the American Physical
Educational Review an article by
Professor T. A. Storey on "Some
Daily Variations in Height, Weight
and Strength." The data for the
article was taken from tests made
on Stanford men in Encina gym
nasium. Measurements in height
were takenjnight and morning. The
loss of weight was ascertained in
gymnasium work, handball, cross
country run, tennis, and sprints.
The greatest loss of weight was in
the shortest handball game, three
pounds and a half. Extensive
strength tests were taken by a large
number of men before and after
exercise.
In conclusion Professor Storey
says: "One may lose a half inch or
more in height, may lose several
pounds in weight, or hie strength
tests may alter by twenty-five or
thirty pounds, and still be within
the normal daily variation."
There appeared in the September
number of the American Physical
Educational Review an article by
Professor T. A. Storey on "Some
Daily Variations in Height, Weight
and Strength." The data for the
article was taken from tests made
on Stanford men in Encina gym
nasium. Measurements in height
were takenjnight and morning. The
loss of weight was ascertained in
gymnasium work, handball, cross
country run, tennis, and sprints.
The greatest loss of weight was in
the shortest handball game, three
pounds and a half. Extensive
strength tests were taken by a large
number of men before and after
exercise.
In conclusion Professor Storey
says: "One may lose a half inch or
more in height, may lose several
pounds in weight, or hie strength
tests may alter by twenty-five or
thirty pounds, and still be within
the normal daily variation."
There appeared in the September
number of the American Physical
Educational Review an article by
Professor T. A. Storey on "Some
Daily Variations in Height, Weight
and Strength." The data for the
article was taken from tests made
on Stanford men in Encina gym
nasium. Measurements in height
were takenjnight and morning. The
loss of weight was ascertained in
gymnasium work, handball, cross
country run, tennis, and sprints.
The greatest loss of weight was in
the shortest handball game, three
pounds and a half. Extensive
strength tests were taken by a large
number of men before and after
exercise.
In conclusion Professor Storey
says: "One may lose a half inch or
more in height, may lose several
pounds in weight, or hie strength
tests may alter by twenty-five or
thirty pounds, and still be within
the normal daily variation."
There appeared in the September
number of the American Physical
Educational Review an article by
Professor T. A. Storey on "Some
Daily Variations in Height, Weight
and Strength." The data for the
article was taken from tests made
on Stanford men in Encina gym
nasium. Measurements in height
were takenjnight and morning. The
loss of weight was ascertained in
gymnasium work, handball, cross
country run, tennis, and sprints.
The greatest loss of weight was in
the shortest handball game, three
pounds and a half. Extensive
strength tests were taken by a large
number of men before and after
exercise.
In conclusion Professor Storey
says: "One may lose a half inch or
more in height, may lose several
pounds in weight, or hie strength
tests may alter by twenty-five or
thirty pounds, and still be within
the normal daily variation."
There appeared in the September
number of the American Physical
Educational Review an article by
Professor T. A. Storey on "Some
Daily Variations in Height, Weight
and Strength." The data for the
article was taken from tests made
on Stanford men in Encina gym
nasium. Measurements in height
were takenjnight and morning. The
loss of weight was ascertained in
gymnasium work, handball, cross
country run, tennis, and sprints.
The greatest loss of weight was in
the shortest handball game, three
pounds and a half. Extensive
strength tests were taken by a large
number of men before and after
exercise.
In conclusion Professor Storey
says: "One may lose a half inch or
more in height, may lose several
pounds in weight, or hie strength
tests may alter by twenty-five or
thirty pounds, and still be within
the normal daily variation."
There appeared in the September
number of the American Physical
Educational Review an article by
Professor T. A. Storey on "Some
Daily Variations in Height, Weight
and Strength." The data for the
article was taken from tests made
on Stanford men in Encina gym
nasium. Measurements in height
were takenjnight and morning. The
loss of weight was ascertained in
gymnasium work, handball, cross
country run, tennis, and sprints.
The greatest loss of weight was in
the shortest handball game, three
pounds and a half. Extensive
strength tests were taken by a large
number of men before and after
exercise.
In conclusion Professor Storey
says: "One may lose a half inch or
more in height, may lose several
pounds in weight, or hie strength
tests may alter by twenty-five or
thirty pounds, and still be within
the normal daily variation."
There appeared in the September
number of the American Physical
Educational Review an article by
Professor T. A. Storey on "Some
Daily Variations in Height, Weight
and Strength." The data for the
article was taken from tests made
on Stanford men in Encina gym
nasium. Measurements in height
were takenjnight and morning. The
loss of weight was ascertained in
gymnasium work, handball, cross
country run, tennis, and sprints.
The greatest loss of weight was in
the shortest handball game, three
pounds and a half. Extensive
strength tests were taken by a large
number of men before and after
exercise.
In conclusion Professor Storey
says: "One may lose a half inch or
more in height, may lose several
pounds in weight, or hie strength
tests may alter by twenty-five or
thirty pounds, and still be within
the normal daily variation."
