# SORORITY BIDDING TO TAKE PLACE TONIGHT
## 
### 
Formal sorority rushing for this
quarter ended last night. All day
today will be a silence period. Bid
ding will take place about 7:15 to
night, at which time the appoint
ments to see the lawyer begin.
Aftjr seeing the lawyer to be for
mally bid their houses, the women
will be transported up the Row in
cars driven by Cap and Gown
alumnae. The pledges will spend
tonight in their new houses.
Formal sorority rushing for this
quarter ended last night. All day
today will be a silence period. Bid
ding will take place about 7:15 to
night, at which time the appoint
ments to see the lawyer begin.
Aftjr seeing the lawyer to be for
mally bid their houses, the women
will be transported up the Row in
cars driven by Cap and Gown
alumnae. The pledges will spend
tonight in their new houses.
Formal sorority rushing for this
quarter ended last night. All day
today will be a silence period. Bid
ding will take place about 7:15 to
night, at which time the appoint
ments to see the lawyer begin.
Aftjr seeing the lawyer to be for
mally bid their houses, the women
will be transported up the Row in
cars driven by Cap and Gown
alumnae. The pledges will spend
tonight in their new houses.
Formal sorority rushing for this
quarter ended last night. All day
today will be a silence period. Bid
ding will take place about 7:15 to
night, at which time the appoint
ments to see the lawyer begin.
Aftjr seeing the lawyer to be for
mally bid their houses, the women
will be transported up the Row in
cars driven by Cap and Gown
alumnae. The pledges will spend
tonight in their new houses.
Formal sorority rushing for this
quarter ended last night. All day
today will be a silence period. Bid
ding will take place about 7:15 to
night, at which time the appoint
ments to see the lawyer begin.
Aftjr seeing the lawyer to be for
mally bid their houses, the women
will be transported up the Row in
cars driven by Cap and Gown
alumnae. The pledges will spend
tonight in their new houses.
Formal sorority rushing for this
quarter ended last night. All day
today will be a silence period. Bid
ding will take place about 7:15 to
night, at which time the appoint
ments to see the lawyer begin.
Aftjr seeing the lawyer to be for
mally bid their houses, the women
will be transported up the Row in
cars driven by Cap and Gown
alumnae. The pledges will spend
tonight in their new houses.
Formal sorority rushing for this
quarter ended last night. All day
today will be a silence period. Bid
ding will take place about 7:15 to
night, at which time the appoint
ments to see the lawyer begin.
Aftjr seeing the lawyer to be for
mally bid their houses, the women
will be transported up the Row in
cars driven by Cap and Gown
alumnae. The pledges will spend
tonight in their new houses.
Formal sorority rushing for this
quarter ended last night. All day
today will be a silence period. Bid
ding will take place about 7:15 to
night, at which time the appoint
ments to see the lawyer begin.
Aftjr seeing the lawyer to be for
mally bid their houses, the women
will be transported up the Row in
cars driven by Cap and Gown
alumnae. The pledges will spend
tonight in their new houses.
Formal sorority rushing for this
quarter ended last night. All day
today will be a silence period. Bid
ding will take place about 7:15 to
night, at which time the appoint
ments to see the lawyer begin.
Aftjr seeing the lawyer to be for
mally bid their houses, the women
will be transported up the Row in
cars driven by Cap and Gown
alumnae. The pledges will spend
tonight in their new houses.
Formal sorority rushing for this
quarter ended last night. All day
today will be a silence period. Bid
ding will take place about 7:15 to
night, at which time the appoint
ments to see the lawyer begin.
Aftjr seeing the lawyer to be for
mally bid their houses, the women
will be transported up the Row in
cars driven by Cap and Gown
alumnae. The pledges will spend
tonight in their new houses.
Formal sorority rushing for this
quarter ended last night. All day
today will be a silence period. Bid
ding will take place about 7:15 to
night, at which time the appoint
ments to see the lawyer begin.
Aftjr seeing the lawyer to be for
mally bid their houses, the women
will be transported up the Row in
cars driven by Cap and Gown
alumnae. The pledges will spend
tonight in their new houses.
Formal sorority rushing for this
quarter ended last night. All day
today will be a silence period. Bid
ding will take place about 7:15 to
night, at which time the appoint
ments to see the lawyer begin.
Aftjr seeing the lawyer to be for
mally bid their houses, the women
will be transported up the Row in
cars driven by Cap and Gown
alumnae. The pledges will spend
tonight in their new houses.
Formal sorority rushing for this
quarter ended last night. All day
today will be a silence period. Bid
ding will take place about 7:15 to
night, at which time the appoint
ments to see the lawyer begin.
Aftjr seeing the lawyer to be for
mally bid their houses, the women
will be transported up the Row in
cars driven by Cap and Gown
alumnae. The pledges will spend
tonight in their new houses.
Formal sorority rushing for this
quarter ended last night. All day
today will be a silence period. Bid
ding will take place about 7:15 to
night, at which time the appoint
ments to see the lawyer begin.
Aftjr seeing the lawyer to be for
mally bid their houses, the women
will be transported up the Row in
cars driven by Cap and Gown
alumnae. The pledges will spend
tonight in their new houses.
Formal sorority rushing for this
quarter ended last night. All day
today will be a silence period. Bid
ding will take place about 7:15 to
night, at which time the appoint
ments to see the lawyer begin.
Aftjr seeing the lawyer to be for
mally bid their houses, the women
will be transported up the Row in
cars driven by Cap and Gown
alumnae. The pledges will spend
tonight in their new houses.
Formal sorority rushing for this
quarter ended last night. All day
today will be a silence period. Bid
ding will take place about 7:15 to
night, at which time the appoint
ments to see the lawyer begin.
Aftjr seeing the lawyer to be for
mally bid their houses, the women
will be transported up the Row in
cars driven by Cap and Gown
alumnae. The pledges will spend
tonight in their new houses.
