# DIVIDEND PAID
## 
### 
GRASS VALLEY, Jan. 20. (IV) —
Distribution of approximately $50,-
000 in dividends is being made by
the Empire-Star Mines Ltd., a sub
sidiary of the Newmont Mining
Corporation of New York. The rate
]is $1 pel share.
The longest 1-0 game of baseball
went 18 innings between the Provi
dence und Detroit clubs on August
117, 1882.
GRASS VALLEY, Jan. 20. (IV) —
Distribution of approximately $50,-
000 in dividends is being made by
the Empire-Star Mines Ltd., a sub
sidiary of the Newmont Mining
Corporation of New York. The rate
]is $1 pel share.
The longest 1-0 game of baseball
went 18 innings between the Provi
dence und Detroit clubs on August
117, 1882.
GRASS VALLEY, Jan. 20. (IV) —
Distribution of approximately $50,-
000 in dividends is being made by
the Empire-Star Mines Ltd., a sub
sidiary of the Newmont Mining
Corporation of New York. The rate
]is $1 pel share.
The longest 1-0 game of baseball
went 18 innings between the Provi
dence und Detroit clubs on August
117, 1882.
GRASS VALLEY, Jan. 20. (IV) —
Distribution of approximately $50,-
000 in dividends is being made by
the Empire-Star Mines Ltd., a sub
sidiary of the Newmont Mining
Corporation of New York. The rate
]is $1 pel share.
The longest 1-0 game of baseball
went 18 innings between the Provi
dence und Detroit clubs on August
117, 1882.
GRASS VALLEY, Jan. 20. (IV) —
Distribution of approximately $50,-
000 in dividends is being made by
the Empire-Star Mines Ltd., a sub
sidiary of the Newmont Mining
Corporation of New York. The rate
]is $1 pel share.
The longest 1-0 game of baseball
went 18 innings between the Provi
dence und Detroit clubs on August
117, 1882.
GRASS VALLEY, Jan. 20. (IV) —
Distribution of approximately $50,-
000 in dividends is being made by
the Empire-Star Mines Ltd., a sub
sidiary of the Newmont Mining
Corporation of New York. The rate
]is $1 pel share.
The longest 1-0 game of baseball
went 18 innings between the Provi
dence und Detroit clubs on August
117, 1882.
GRASS VALLEY, Jan. 20. (IV) —
Distribution of approximately $50,-
000 in dividends is being made by
the Empire-Star Mines Ltd., a sub
sidiary of the Newmont Mining
Corporation of New York. The rate
]is $1 pel share.
The longest 1-0 game of baseball
went 18 innings between the Provi
dence und Detroit clubs on August
117, 1882.
GRASS VALLEY, Jan. 20. (IV) —
Distribution of approximately $50,-
000 in dividends is being made by
the Empire-Star Mines Ltd., a sub
sidiary of the Newmont Mining
Corporation of New York. The rate
]is $1 pel share.
The longest 1-0 game of baseball
went 18 innings between the Provi
dence und Detroit clubs on August
117, 1882.
GRASS VALLEY, Jan. 20. (IV) —
Distribution of approximately $50,-
000 in dividends is being made by
the Empire-Star Mines Ltd., a sub
sidiary of the Newmont Mining
Corporation of New York. The rate
]is $1 pel share.
The longest 1-0 game of baseball
went 18 innings between the Provi
dence und Detroit clubs on August
117, 1882.
GRASS VALLEY, Jan. 20. (IV) —
Distribution of approximately $50,-
000 in dividends is being made by
the Empire-Star Mines Ltd., a sub
sidiary of the Newmont Mining
Corporation of New York. The rate
]is $1 pel share.
The longest 1-0 game of baseball
went 18 innings between the Provi
dence und Detroit clubs on August
117, 1882.
GRASS VALLEY, Jan. 20. (IV) —
Distribution of approximately $50,-
000 in dividends is being made by
the Empire-Star Mines Ltd., a sub
sidiary of the Newmont Mining
Corporation of New York. The rate
]is $1 pel share.
The longest 1-0 game of baseball
went 18 innings between the Provi
dence und Detroit clubs on August
117, 1882.
GRASS VALLEY, Jan. 20. (IV) —
Distribution of approximately $50,-
000 in dividends is being made by
the Empire-Star Mines Ltd., a sub
sidiary of the Newmont Mining
Corporation of New York. The rate
]is $1 pel share.
The longest 1-0 game of baseball
went 18 innings between the Provi
dence und Detroit clubs on August
117, 1882.
GRASS VALLEY, Jan. 20. (IV) —
Distribution of approximately $50,-
000 in dividends is being made by
the Empire-Star Mines Ltd., a sub
sidiary of the Newmont Mining
Corporation of New York. The rate
]is $1 pel share.
The longest 1-0 game of baseball
went 18 innings between the Provi
dence und Detroit clubs on August
117, 1882.
GRASS VALLEY, Jan. 20. (IV) —
Distribution of approximately $50,-
000 in dividends is being made by
the Empire-Star Mines Ltd., a sub
sidiary of the Newmont Mining
Corporation of New York. The rate
]is $1 pel share.
The longest 1-0 game of baseball
went 18 innings between the Provi
dence und Detroit clubs on August
117, 1882.
GRASS VALLEY, Jan. 20. (IV) —
Distribution of approximately $50,-
000 in dividends is being made by
the Empire-Star Mines Ltd., a sub
sidiary of the Newmont Mining
Corporation of New York. The rate
]is $1 pel share.
The longest 1-0 game of baseball
went 18 innings between the Provi
dence und Detroit clubs on August
117, 1882.
GRASS VALLEY, Jan. 20. (IV) —
Distribution of approximately $50,-
000 in dividends is being made by
the Empire-Star Mines Ltd., a sub
sidiary of the Newmont Mining
Corporation of New York. The rate
]is $1 pel share.
The longest 1-0 game of baseball
went 18 innings between the Provi
dence und Detroit clubs on August
117, 1882.
