# PRESIDENT SIGNS RESOLUTION
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20. f/P> —
President Hoover today signed a
resolution to provide $450,000 for
; the expenses of the American dele
gation at Geneva Arms Conference.!
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20. f/P> —
President Hoover today signed a
resolution to provide $450,000 for
; the expenses of the American dele
gation at Geneva Arms Conference.!
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20. f/P> —
President Hoover today signed a
resolution to provide $450,000 for
; the expenses of the American dele
gation at Geneva Arms Conference.!
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20. f/P> —
President Hoover today signed a
resolution to provide $450,000 for
; the expenses of the American dele
gation at Geneva Arms Conference.!
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20. f/P> —
President Hoover today signed a
resolution to provide $450,000 for
; the expenses of the American dele
gation at Geneva Arms Conference.!
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20. f/P> —
President Hoover today signed a
resolution to provide $450,000 for
; the expenses of the American dele
gation at Geneva Arms Conference.!
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20. f/P> —
President Hoover today signed a
resolution to provide $450,000 for
; the expenses of the American dele
gation at Geneva Arms Conference.!
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20. f/P> —
President Hoover today signed a
resolution to provide $450,000 for
; the expenses of the American dele
gation at Geneva Arms Conference.!
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20. f/P> —
President Hoover today signed a
resolution to provide $450,000 for
; the expenses of the American dele
gation at Geneva Arms Conference.!
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20. f/P> —
President Hoover today signed a
resolution to provide $450,000 for
; the expenses of the American dele
gation at Geneva Arms Conference.!
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20. f/P> —
President Hoover today signed a
resolution to provide $450,000 for
; the expenses of the American dele
gation at Geneva Arms Conference.!
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20. f/P> —
President Hoover today signed a
resolution to provide $450,000 for
; the expenses of the American dele
gation at Geneva Arms Conference.!
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20. f/P> —
President Hoover today signed a
resolution to provide $450,000 for
; the expenses of the American dele
gation at Geneva Arms Conference.!
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20. f/P> —
President Hoover today signed a
resolution to provide $450,000 for
; the expenses of the American dele
gation at Geneva Arms Conference.!
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20. f/P> —
President Hoover today signed a
resolution to provide $450,000 for
; the expenses of the American dele
gation at Geneva Arms Conference.!
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20. f/P> —
President Hoover today signed a
resolution to provide $450,000 for
; the expenses of the American dele
gation at Geneva Arms Conference.!
