# SIZE OF UNIVERSE WILL BE DISCUSSED IN TUESDAY SPEECH
## 
### 
One of the most distinguished
European astronomers, Dr. Willein
de Sitter, Professor of Astronomy
and director of an astronomical ob
servatory in Holland, will speak on
'The Size of the Universe" next
Tuesday evening in the Assembly
Hall. This is one of the regular
weekly presentations of the Public
Exercises Confmittee, which is
sponsoring the program jointly with
Sigma Xi, honorary scientific so
ciety.
Dr. de Sitter is a friend of Dr.
Einstein, and is best known for his
critical work on the theory of rela
tivity, about which he has written
more than twenty papers. Ho is also
an expert in the field of classical
mechanics.
The talk, which will be illustrated
with slides and which will be un
derstandable to the layman, is open
to the public.
One of the most distinguished
European astronomers, Dr. Willein
de Sitter, Professor of Astronomy
and director of an astronomical ob
servatory in Holland, will speak on
'The Size of the Universe" next
Tuesday evening in the Assembly
Hall. This is one of the regular
weekly presentations of the Public
Exercises Confmittee, which is
sponsoring the program jointly with
Sigma Xi, honorary scientific so
ciety.
Dr. de Sitter is a friend of Dr.
Einstein, and is best known for his
critical work on the theory of rela
tivity, about which he has written
more than twenty papers. Ho is also
an expert in the field of classical
mechanics.
The talk, which will be illustrated
with slides and which will be un
derstandable to the layman, is open
to the public.
One of the most distinguished
European astronomers, Dr. Willein
de Sitter, Professor of Astronomy
and director of an astronomical ob
servatory in Holland, will speak on
'The Size of the Universe" next
Tuesday evening in the Assembly
Hall. This is one of the regular
weekly presentations of the Public
Exercises Confmittee, which is
sponsoring the program jointly with
Sigma Xi, honorary scientific so
ciety.
Dr. de Sitter is a friend of Dr.
Einstein, and is best known for his
critical work on the theory of rela
tivity, about which he has written
more than twenty papers. Ho is also
an expert in the field of classical
mechanics.
The talk, which will be illustrated
with slides and which will be un
derstandable to the layman, is open
to the public.
One of the most distinguished
European astronomers, Dr. Willein
de Sitter, Professor of Astronomy
and director of an astronomical ob
servatory in Holland, will speak on
'The Size of the Universe" next
Tuesday evening in the Assembly
Hall. This is one of the regular
weekly presentations of the Public
Exercises Confmittee, which is
sponsoring the program jointly with
Sigma Xi, honorary scientific so
ciety.
Dr. de Sitter is a friend of Dr.
Einstein, and is best known for his
critical work on the theory of rela
tivity, about which he has written
more than twenty papers. Ho is also
an expert in the field of classical
mechanics.
The talk, which will be illustrated
with slides and which will be un
derstandable to the layman, is open
to the public.
One of the most distinguished
European astronomers, Dr. Willein
de Sitter, Professor of Astronomy
and director of an astronomical ob
servatory in Holland, will speak on
'The Size of the Universe" next
Tuesday evening in the Assembly
Hall. This is one of the regular
weekly presentations of the Public
Exercises Confmittee, which is
sponsoring the program jointly with
Sigma Xi, honorary scientific so
ciety.
Dr. de Sitter is a friend of Dr.
Einstein, and is best known for his
critical work on the theory of rela
tivity, about which he has written
more than twenty papers. Ho is also
an expert in the field of classical
mechanics.
The talk, which will be illustrated
with slides and which will be un
derstandable to the layman, is open
to the public.
One of the most distinguished
European astronomers, Dr. Willein
de Sitter, Professor of Astronomy
and director of an astronomical ob
servatory in Holland, will speak on
'The Size of the Universe" next
Tuesday evening in the Assembly
Hall. This is one of the regular
weekly presentations of the Public
Exercises Confmittee, which is
sponsoring the program jointly with
Sigma Xi, honorary scientific so
ciety.
Dr. de Sitter is a friend of Dr.
Einstein, and is best known for his
critical work on the theory of rela
tivity, about which he has written
more than twenty papers. Ho is also
an expert in the field of classical
mechanics.
The talk, which will be illustrated
with slides and which will be un
derstandable to the layman, is open
to the public.
One of the most distinguished
European astronomers, Dr. Willein
de Sitter, Professor of Astronomy
and director of an astronomical ob
servatory in Holland, will speak on
'The Size of the Universe" next
Tuesday evening in the Assembly
Hall. This is one of the regular
weekly presentations of the Public
Exercises Confmittee, which is
sponsoring the program jointly with
Sigma Xi, honorary scientific so
ciety.
Dr. de Sitter is a friend of Dr.
Einstein, and is best known for his
critical work on the theory of rela
tivity, about which he has written
more than twenty papers. Ho is also
an expert in the field of classical
mechanics.
The talk, which will be illustrated
with slides and which will be un
derstandable to the layman, is open
to the public.
One of the most distinguished
European astronomers, Dr. Willein
de Sitter, Professor of Astronomy
and director of an astronomical ob
servatory in Holland, will speak on
'The Size of the Universe" next
Tuesday evening in the Assembly
Hall. This is one of the regular
weekly presentations of the Public
Exercises Confmittee, which is
sponsoring the program jointly with
Sigma Xi, honorary scientific so
ciety.
Dr. de Sitter is a friend of Dr.
Einstein, and is best known for his
critical work on the theory of rela
tivity, about which he has written
more than twenty papers. Ho is also
an expert in the field of classical
mechanics.
The talk, which will be illustrated
with slides and which will be un
derstandable to the layman, is open
to the public.
One of the most distinguished
European astronomers, Dr. Willein
de Sitter, Professor of Astronomy
and director of an astronomical ob
servatory in Holland, will speak on
'The Size of the Universe" next
Tuesday evening in the Assembly
Hall. This is one of the regular
weekly presentations of the Public
Exercises Confmittee, which is
sponsoring the program jointly with
Sigma Xi, honorary scientific so
ciety.
Dr. de Sitter is a friend of Dr.
Einstein, and is best known for his
critical work on the theory of rela
tivity, about which he has written
more than twenty papers. Ho is also
an expert in the field of classical
mechanics.
The talk, which will be illustrated
with slides and which will be un
derstandable to the layman, is open
to the public.
One of the most distinguished
European astronomers, Dr. Willein
de Sitter, Professor of Astronomy
and director of an astronomical ob
servatory in Holland, will speak on
'The Size of the Universe" next
Tuesday evening in the Assembly
Hall. This is one of the regular
weekly presentations of the Public
Exercises Confmittee, which is
sponsoring the program jointly with
Sigma Xi, honorary scientific so
ciety.
Dr. de Sitter is a friend of Dr.
Einstein, and is best known for his
critical work on the theory of rela
tivity, about which he has written
more than twenty papers. Ho is also
an expert in the field of classical
mechanics.
The talk, which will be illustrated
with slides and which will be un
derstandable to the layman, is open
to the public.
One of the most distinguished
European astronomers, Dr. Willein
de Sitter, Professor of Astronomy
and director of an astronomical ob
servatory in Holland, will speak on
'The Size of the Universe" next
Tuesday evening in the Assembly
Hall. This is one of the regular
weekly presentations of the Public
Exercises Confmittee, which is
sponsoring the program jointly with
Sigma Xi, honorary scientific so
ciety.
Dr. de Sitter is a friend of Dr.
Einstein, and is best known for his
critical work on the theory of rela
tivity, about which he has written
more than twenty papers. Ho is also
an expert in the field of classical
mechanics.
The talk, which will be illustrated
with slides and which will be un
derstandable to the layman, is open
to the public.
One of the most distinguished
European astronomers, Dr. Willein
de Sitter, Professor of Astronomy
and director of an astronomical ob
servatory in Holland, will speak on
'The Size of the Universe" next
Tuesday evening in the Assembly
Hall. This is one of the regular
weekly presentations of the Public
Exercises Confmittee, which is
sponsoring the program jointly with
Sigma Xi, honorary scientific so
ciety.
Dr. de Sitter is a friend of Dr.
Einstein, and is best known for his
critical work on the theory of rela
tivity, about which he has written
more than twenty papers. Ho is also
an expert in the field of classical
mechanics.
The talk, which will be illustrated
with slides and which will be un
derstandable to the layman, is open
to the public.
One of the most distinguished
European astronomers, Dr. Willein
de Sitter, Professor of Astronomy
and director of an astronomical ob
servatory in Holland, will speak on
'The Size of the Universe" next
Tuesday evening in the Assembly
Hall. This is one of the regular
weekly presentations of the Public
Exercises Confmittee, which is
sponsoring the program jointly with
Sigma Xi, honorary scientific so
ciety.
Dr. de Sitter is a friend of Dr.
Einstein, and is best known for his
critical work on the theory of rela
tivity, about which he has written
more than twenty papers. Ho is also
an expert in the field of classical
mechanics.
The talk, which will be illustrated
with slides and which will be un
derstandable to the layman, is open
to the public.
One of the most distinguished
European astronomers, Dr. Willein
de Sitter, Professor of Astronomy
and director of an astronomical ob
servatory in Holland, will speak on
'The Size of the Universe" next
Tuesday evening in the Assembly
Hall. This is one of the regular
weekly presentations of the Public
Exercises Confmittee, which is
sponsoring the program jointly with
Sigma Xi, honorary scientific so
ciety.
Dr. de Sitter is a friend of Dr.
Einstein, and is best known for his
critical work on the theory of rela
tivity, about which he has written
more than twenty papers. Ho is also
an expert in the field of classical
mechanics.
The talk, which will be illustrated
with slides and which will be un
derstandable to the layman, is open
to the public.
One of the most distinguished
European astronomers, Dr. Willein
de Sitter, Professor of Astronomy
and director of an astronomical ob
servatory in Holland, will speak on
'The Size of the Universe" next
Tuesday evening in the Assembly
Hall. This is one of the regular
weekly presentations of the Public
Exercises Confmittee, which is
sponsoring the program jointly with
Sigma Xi, honorary scientific so
ciety.
Dr. de Sitter is a friend of Dr.
Einstein, and is best known for his
critical work on the theory of rela
tivity, about which he has written
more than twenty papers. Ho is also
an expert in the field of classical
mechanics.
The talk, which will be illustrated
with slides and which will be un
derstandable to the layman, is open
to the public.
One of the most distinguished
European astronomers, Dr. Willein
de Sitter, Professor of Astronomy
and director of an astronomical ob
servatory in Holland, will speak on
'The Size of the Universe" next
Tuesday evening in the Assembly
Hall. This is one of the regular
weekly presentations of the Public
Exercises Confmittee, which is
sponsoring the program jointly with
Sigma Xi, honorary scientific so
ciety.
Dr. de Sitter is a friend of Dr.
Einstein, and is best known for his
critical work on the theory of rela
tivity, about which he has written
more than twenty papers. Ho is also
an expert in the field of classical
mechanics.
The talk, which will be illustrated
with slides and which will be un
derstandable to the layman, is open
to the public.
