# TMU Opens Exhibit
## 
### 
"The Challenge of Costume
Design," a new art exhibit in
Tresidder Memorial Union, will
open August first, it covers
the work of Douglas Russell,
Associate Professor of Design
and Costume, and costume de
signer for the Stanford Rep
etory Theater.
The exhibit emphasizes the
variety of problems in creating
an artistic stage environment.
It will close at the end of
August.
"The Challenge of Costume
Design," a new art exhibit in
Tresidder Memorial Union, will
open August first, it covers
the work of Douglas Russell,
Associate Professor of Design
and Costume, and costume de
signer for the Stanford Rep
etory Theater.
The exhibit emphasizes the
variety of problems in creating
an artistic stage environment.
It will close at the end of
August.
"The Challenge of Costume
Design," a new art exhibit in
Tresidder Memorial Union, will
open August first, it covers
the work of Douglas Russell,
Associate Professor of Design
and Costume, and costume de
signer for the Stanford Rep
etory Theater.
The exhibit emphasizes the
variety of problems in creating
an artistic stage environment.
It will close at the end of
August.
"The Challenge of Costume
Design," a new art exhibit in
Tresidder Memorial Union, will
open August first, it covers
the work of Douglas Russell,
Associate Professor of Design
and Costume, and costume de
signer for the Stanford Rep
etory Theater.
The exhibit emphasizes the
variety of problems in creating
an artistic stage environment.
It will close at the end of
August.
"The Challenge of Costume
Design," a new art exhibit in
Tresidder Memorial Union, will
open August first, it covers
the work of Douglas Russell,
Associate Professor of Design
and Costume, and costume de
signer for the Stanford Rep
etory Theater.
The exhibit emphasizes the
variety of problems in creating
an artistic stage environment.
It will close at the end of
August.
"The Challenge of Costume
Design," a new art exhibit in
Tresidder Memorial Union, will
open August first, it covers
the work of Douglas Russell,
Associate Professor of Design
and Costume, and costume de
signer for the Stanford Rep
etory Theater.
The exhibit emphasizes the
variety of problems in creating
an artistic stage environment.
It will close at the end of
August.
"The Challenge of Costume
Design," a new art exhibit in
Tresidder Memorial Union, will
open August first, it covers
the work of Douglas Russell,
Associate Professor of Design
and Costume, and costume de
signer for the Stanford Rep
etory Theater.
The exhibit emphasizes the
variety of problems in creating
an artistic stage environment.
It will close at the end of
August.
"The Challenge of Costume
Design," a new art exhibit in
Tresidder Memorial Union, will
open August first, it covers
the work of Douglas Russell,
Associate Professor of Design
and Costume, and costume de
signer for the Stanford Rep
etory Theater.
The exhibit emphasizes the
variety of problems in creating
an artistic stage environment.
It will close at the end of
August.
"The Challenge of Costume
Design," a new art exhibit in
Tresidder Memorial Union, will
open August first, it covers
the work of Douglas Russell,
Associate Professor of Design
and Costume, and costume de
signer for the Stanford Rep
etory Theater.
The exhibit emphasizes the
variety of problems in creating
an artistic stage environment.
It will close at the end of
August.
"The Challenge of Costume
Design," a new art exhibit in
Tresidder Memorial Union, will
open August first, it covers
the work of Douglas Russell,
Associate Professor of Design
and Costume, and costume de
signer for the Stanford Rep
etory Theater.
The exhibit emphasizes the
variety of problems in creating
an artistic stage environment.
It will close at the end of
August.
"The Challenge of Costume
Design," a new art exhibit in
Tresidder Memorial Union, will
open August first, it covers
the work of Douglas Russell,
Associate Professor of Design
and Costume, and costume de
signer for the Stanford Rep
etory Theater.
The exhibit emphasizes the
variety of problems in creating
an artistic stage environment.
It will close at the end of
August.
"The Challenge of Costume
Design," a new art exhibit in
Tresidder Memorial Union, will
open August first, it covers
the work of Douglas Russell,
Associate Professor of Design
and Costume, and costume de
signer for the Stanford Rep
etory Theater.
The exhibit emphasizes the
variety of problems in creating
an artistic stage environment.
It will close at the end of
August.
"The Challenge of Costume
Design," a new art exhibit in
Tresidder Memorial Union, will
open August first, it covers
the work of Douglas Russell,
Associate Professor of Design
and Costume, and costume de
signer for the Stanford Rep
etory Theater.
The exhibit emphasizes the
variety of problems in creating
an artistic stage environment.
It will close at the end of
August.
"The Challenge of Costume
Design," a new art exhibit in
Tresidder Memorial Union, will
open August first, it covers
the work of Douglas Russell,
Associate Professor of Design
and Costume, and costume de
signer for the Stanford Rep
etory Theater.
The exhibit emphasizes the
variety of problems in creating
an artistic stage environment.
It will close at the end of
August.
"The Challenge of Costume
Design," a new art exhibit in
Tresidder Memorial Union, will
open August first, it covers
the work of Douglas Russell,
Associate Professor of Design
and Costume, and costume de
signer for the Stanford Rep
etory Theater.
The exhibit emphasizes the
variety of problems in creating
an artistic stage environment.
It will close at the end of
August.
