# Untitled Article
## 
### 
STANFORD has the State Golf Championship. Millard Rosenblatt, *22,
showed the former champion, J. F. Neville what the Cardinal could do.
STANFORD has the State Golf Championship. Millard Rosenblatt, *22,
showed the former champion, J. F. Neville what the Cardinal could do.
STANFORD has the State Golf Championship. Millard Rosenblatt, *22,
showed the former champion, J. F. Neville what the Cardinal could do.
STANFORD has the State Golf Championship. Millard Rosenblatt, *22,
showed the former champion, J. F. Neville what the Cardinal could do.
STANFORD has the State Golf Championship. Millard Rosenblatt, *22,
showed the former champion, J. F. Neville what the Cardinal could do.
STANFORD has the State Golf Championship. Millard Rosenblatt, *22,
showed the former champion, J. F. Neville what the Cardinal could do.
STANFORD has the State Golf Championship. Millard Rosenblatt, *22,
showed the former champion, J. F. Neville what the Cardinal could do.
STANFORD has the State Golf Championship. Millard Rosenblatt, *22,
showed the former champion, J. F. Neville what the Cardinal could do.
STANFORD has the State Golf Championship. Millard Rosenblatt, *22,
showed the former champion, J. F. Neville what the Cardinal could do.
STANFORD has the State Golf Championship. Millard Rosenblatt, *22,
showed the former champion, J. F. Neville what the Cardinal could do.
STANFORD has the State Golf Championship. Millard Rosenblatt, *22,
showed the former champion, J. F. Neville what the Cardinal could do.
STANFORD has the State Golf Championship. Millard Rosenblatt, *22,
showed the former champion, J. F. Neville what the Cardinal could do.
