# PLAN TO ENTERTAIN BIG GAME VISITORS
## 
### 
Plans for the entertainment ot' the
University of California Seniors at
the time of the Intercollegiate game
will he prepared by a committee of
Seniors appointed at today's 1914
meeting by President P. B. McKee.
The committee includes R. E. Rob
erts, chairman, G. O. Wilson, and O.
H. Castle. The Senior women from
across the bay are to be entertained
under the direction of a committee of
women to be selected by the class sec
retary, Miss Gladys Rriggs. The fav
orable report of the jolly-up com
mittee was accepted and a vote of
thanks awarded to Encina club for the
use of the clubroom for that occasion.
Reports on class finances were the
only other subjects occupying the at
tention of the Seniors at today's meet
i n g.
