# Untitled Article
## 
### 
At last Columbia's dream of an un
dergraduate smoker is to be a reality
for the first time in the history of the
university.
At last Columbia's dream of an un
dergraduate smoker is to be a reality
for the first time in the history of the
university.
At last Columbia's dream of an un
dergraduate smoker is to be a reality
for the first time in the history of the
university.
At last Columbia's dream of an un
dergraduate smoker is to be a reality
for the first time in the history of the
university.
At last Columbia's dream of an un
dergraduate smoker is to be a reality
for the first time in the history of the
university.
At last Columbia's dream of an un
dergraduate smoker is to be a reality
for the first time in the history of the
university.
At last Columbia's dream of an un
dergraduate smoker is to be a reality
for the first time in the history of the
university.
At last Columbia's dream of an un
dergraduate smoker is to be a reality
for the first time in the history of the
university.
At last Columbia's dream of an un
dergraduate smoker is to be a reality
for the first time in the history of the
university.
At last Columbia's dream of an un
dergraduate smoker is to be a reality
for the first time in the history of the
university.
At last Columbia's dream of an un
dergraduate smoker is to be a reality
for the first time in the history of the
university.
At last Columbia's dream of an un
dergraduate smoker is to be a reality
for the first time in the history of the
university.
At last Columbia's dream of an un
dergraduate smoker is to be a reality
for the first time in the history of the
university.
At last Columbia's dream of an un
dergraduate smoker is to be a reality
for the first time in the history of the
university.
