# Asian students, families cope with financial crisis
## 
### Kerry Shaw Contributing writer 
The Asian financial crisis isn't
just affecting Asia. Some Stanford
students and their families, faced
with severe devaluation of their
homelands' currencies, are scram
bling to pay their tuition bills.
According to Mun-Hong Hui.
activities coordinator of Malaysians
at Stanford, the crisis requires some

students from Asia "to pay five
times more for the already exorbi
tant fees."
"It's a double whammy because
prices of imported goods skyrocket
ed and there are widespread lay
offs." Hui said. "It all happened so
abruptly that most people are in
shock."
The financial crisis has particu
larly affected Thailand. Singapore.
Malaysia. Korea. Indonesia, the

Philippines and China â€” resulting
in a severe and sudden drop in the
value of their money. At Stanford,
there are 42 students from Thailand,
106 from Singapore. 27 from
Malaysia. 194 from the Republic of
Korea. 27 from Indonesia, 175 from
Taiwan, and 266 from China, ac
cording to Bechtel International
Center.
