# Adv. 30 Page 7
## 
### 
STUDENTS
INTERESTED IN LAW
You are invited to a Pre-Law
Conference at U.C. Berkeley
on Nov. 15 & 16, 1:30-5:00
p.m. - Open Forum - law
school representatives from
over 30 law schools will
answer questions. Nov. 16
only: 9:00 a.m.-12:00 p.m. -
individual informational
interviews. All conference
activities will center around
the Berkeley Student Union
Building.
Ad paid for by the Academic
Information Center.
STUDENTS
INTERESTED IN LAW
You are invited to a Pre-Law
Conference at U.C. Berkeley
on Nov. 15 & 16, 1:30-5:00
p.m. - Open Forum - law
school representatives from
over 30 law schools will
answer questions. Nov. 16
only: 9:00 a.m.-12:00 p.m. -
individual informational
interviews. All conference
activities will center around
the Berkeley Student Union
Building.
Ad paid for by the Academic
Information Center.
STUDENTS
INTERESTED IN LAW
You are invited to a Pre-Law
Conference at U.C. Berkeley
on Nov. 15 & 16, 1:30-5:00
p.m. - Open Forum - law
school representatives from
over 30 law schools will
answer questions. Nov. 16
only: 9:00 a.m.-12:00 p.m. -
individual informational
interviews. All conference
activities will center around
the Berkeley Student Union
Building.
Ad paid for by the Academic
Information Center.
STUDENTS
INTERESTED IN LAW
You are invited to a Pre-Law
Conference at U.C. Berkeley
on Nov. 15 & 16, 1:30-5:00
p.m. - Open Forum - law
school representatives from
over 30 law schools will
answer questions. Nov. 16
only: 9:00 a.m.-12:00 p.m. -
individual informational
interviews. All conference
activities will center around
the Berkeley Student Union
Building.
Ad paid for by the Academic
Information Center.
STUDENTS
INTERESTED IN LAW
You are invited to a Pre-Law
Conference at U.C. Berkeley
on Nov. 15 & 16, 1:30-5:00
p.m. - Open Forum - law
school representatives from
over 30 law schools will
answer questions. Nov. 16
only: 9:00 a.m.-12:00 p.m. -
individual informational
interviews. All conference
activities will center around
the Berkeley Student Union
Building.
Ad paid for by the Academic
Information Center.
STUDENTS
INTERESTED IN LAW
You are invited to a Pre-Law
Conference at U.C. Berkeley
on Nov. 15 & 16, 1:30-5:00
p.m. - Open Forum - law
school representatives from
over 30 law schools will
answer questions. Nov. 16
only: 9:00 a.m.-12:00 p.m. -
individual informational
interviews. All conference
activities will center around
the Berkeley Student Union
Building.
Ad paid for by the Academic
Information Center.
STUDENTS
INTERESTED IN LAW
You are invited to a Pre-Law
Conference at U.C. Berkeley
on Nov. 15 & 16, 1:30-5:00
p.m. - Open Forum - law
school representatives from
over 30 law schools will
answer questions. Nov. 16
only: 9:00 a.m.-12:00 p.m. -
individual informational
interviews. All conference
activities will center around
the Berkeley Student Union
Building.
Ad paid for by the Academic
Information Center.
STUDENTS
INTERESTED IN LAW
You are invited to a Pre-Law
Conference at U.C. Berkeley
on Nov. 15 & 16, 1:30-5:00
p.m. - Open Forum - law
school representatives from
over 30 law schools will
answer questions. Nov. 16
only: 9:00 a.m.-12:00 p.m. -
individual informational
interviews. All conference
activities will center around
the Berkeley Student Union
Building.
Ad paid for by the Academic
Information Center.
STUDENTS
INTERESTED IN LAW
You are invited to a Pre-Law
Conference at U.C. Berkeley
on Nov. 15 & 16, 1:30-5:00
p.m. - Open Forum - law
school representatives from
over 30 law schools will
answer questions. Nov. 16
only: 9:00 a.m.-12:00 p.m. -
individual informational
interviews. All conference
activities will center around
the Berkeley Student Union
Building.
Ad paid for by the Academic
Information Center.
STUDENTS
INTERESTED IN LAW
You are invited to a Pre-Law
Conference at U.C. Berkeley
on Nov. 15 & 16, 1:30-5:00
p.m. - Open Forum - law
school representatives from
over 30 law schools will
answer questions. Nov. 16
only: 9:00 a.m.-12:00 p.m. -
individual informational
interviews. All conference
activities will center around
the Berkeley Student Union
Building.
Ad paid for by the Academic
Information Center.
STUDENTS
INTERESTED IN LAW
You are invited to a Pre-Law
Conference at U.C. Berkeley
on Nov. 15 & 16, 1:30-5:00
p.m. - Open Forum - law
school representatives from
over 30 law schools will
answer questions. Nov. 16
only: 9:00 a.m.-12:00 p.m. -
individual informational
interviews. All conference
activities will center around
the Berkeley Student Union
Building.
Ad paid for by the Academic
Information Center.
STUDENTS
INTERESTED IN LAW
You are invited to a Pre-Law
Conference at U.C. Berkeley
on Nov. 15 & 16, 1:30-5:00
p.m. - Open Forum - law
school representatives from
over 30 law schools will
answer questions. Nov. 16
only: 9:00 a.m.-12:00 p.m. -
individual informational
interviews. All conference
activities will center around
the Berkeley Student Union
Building.
Ad paid for by the Academic
Information Center.
STUDENTS
INTERESTED IN LAW
You are invited to a Pre-Law
Conference at U.C. Berkeley
on Nov. 15 & 16, 1:30-5:00
p.m. - Open Forum - law
school representatives from
over 30 law schools will
answer questions. Nov. 16
only: 9:00 a.m.-12:00 p.m. -
individual informational
interviews. All conference
activities will center around
the Berkeley Student Union
Building.
Ad paid for by the Academic
Information Center.
STUDENTS
INTERESTED IN LAW
You are invited to a Pre-Law
Conference at U.C. Berkeley
on Nov. 15 & 16, 1:30-5:00
p.m. - Open Forum - law
school representatives from
over 30 law schools will
answer questions. Nov. 16
only: 9:00 a.m.-12:00 p.m. -
individual informational
interviews. All conference
activities will center around
the Berkeley Student Union
Building.
Ad paid for by the Academic
Information Center.
