# Museum Additions.
## 
### 
The brick work on the new
wings to the Museum has been lin
ished. The additions will be com
pleted about the lirst of May. The
wings will be 100 feet long by 50
feet wide and will increase the
present floor space of the Museum
about sixty-five per cent. Each
wing will end in a glass-roofed ro
tunda fifty feet in diameter. The
walls will be of brick, stuccoed
without and plastered on the in
side. A concrete and iron gallery
will run around the top of each
rotunda, which will be tilled with
the art works from Mrs. Stanford's
Washington home.
The additions will be two stories
high. They will correspond in
every respect with the Museum
and will complete the building as
originally planned. The concrete
roof at present on the Museum will
be removed and the entire roof cov
ered with tin.
The windows will be of diamond
shaped glass and leaded. A base
ment will also be added where un
labeled collections will be stored.
About seventy new cases for curios
have been ordered. They will ar
rive in time to be li 1 led before the
Museum is completed.
