# Adv. 14 Page 3
## 
### 
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad'' items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad'' items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad'' items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad'' items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad'' items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad'' items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad'' items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad'' items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad'' items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad'' items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad'' items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad'' items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad'' items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad'' items is 3 p.m. of the day
before publication.
