# Cowell to Play In Chamber Concert
## 
### 
The visit of Henry Cowell, com
poser, author, and lecturer, will be
gin with a chamber music concert
of Cowell works Sunday at \ p.m. in
Cubberley Auditorium.
Music Department students will
perform vocal and instrumental
works, and Mr. Cowell will be heard
playing his own compositions for the
piano.
Henry Cowell was born in Menlo
Park. He began early to study the
violin and at the age of eight pre
sented a program in San Francisco.
A year later he began his career as
a composer and gave up the violin
At the present he teaches at Co
lumbia University and the Peabody
Conservatory of Music. Ho hi .
taught at both the University of
California and Stanford. Cowell has
been especially active in the devel
opment of new means of musical ex
pression.
Monday at .1 p.m. there will be a
program of compositions by Stan
ford students followed by a discus
sion led by Cowell. At the Tuesday
Evening Scries, 7:30 p.m. in Memo
rial Auditorium, he will give a ler
ture on "The Autobiography of a
Composer'" with musical illustra
tions.
Wednesday at. 4:15 he will lecture
on folk music in the Women's Club
house. Examples of recorded mu ic
from various cultures will be playH
, The last program will be a con
cert by the Stanford Symphony Or
cehstra and the University Chorus
Friday at 8:15 in Memorial Audi'to
rium. Works by contemporary com
posers Cowell, Bela Bartok, and
Ralph Vaughan Williams will be
performed.
