# Lemieux shoots down Flyers
## 
### 
PITTSBURGH (AP) -
Mario Lemieux tied NHL
playoff records with four first
period goals, five overall and
eight points Tuesday night as
the Pittsburgh Penguins beat
the Philadelphia Flyers 10-7 to
take a 3-2 lead in the Patrick
Division finals.
Lemieux, listed as question
able before the game with a
whiplash-like neck injury,
scored a natural hat trick in
the first 6:55 of play to give
the pumped-up Penguins, who
led 9-3 entering the final peri
od, a 3-0 lead.
In a playoff performance
rivaling any by the incom
parable Wayne Gretzky,
Lemieux made it 5-1 with his

fourth goal at 17:09, tying the
league record for playoff goals
in a period set by the Flyers'
Tim Kerr against the New York
Rangers in 1985.
The five goals match the ef
forts of Maurice Richard of
Montreal in 1944 and Darryl
Sittler of Toronto and Reggie
Leach of Philadelphia in 1976.
The NHL scoring champion,
returning to the "Mario the
Magnificent" who scored 199
regular-season points, assisted
on all three of the Penguins'
second-period goals, two on pic
turebook feeds to right wing
Rob Brown.
His final goal came into an
empty net with :37 to play.
PITTSBURGH (AP) -
Mario Lemieux tied NHL
playoff records with four first
period goals, five overall and
eight points Tuesday night as
the Pittsburgh Penguins beat
the Philadelphia Flyers 10-7 to
take a 3-2 lead in the Patrick
Division finals.
Lemieux, listed as question
able before the game with a
whiplash-like neck injury,
scored a natural hat trick in
the first 6:55 of play to give
the pumped-up Penguins, who
led 9-3 entering the final peri
od, a 3-0 lead.
In a playoff performance
rivaling any by the incom
parable Wayne Gretzky,
Lemieux made it 5-1 with his

fourth goal at 17:09, tying the
league record for playoff goals
in a period set by the Flyers'
Tim Kerr against the New York
Rangers in 1985.
The five goals match the ef
forts of Maurice Richard of
Montreal in 1944 and Darryl
Sittler of Toronto and Reggie
Leach of Philadelphia in 1976.
The NHL scoring champion,
returning to the "Mario the
Magnificent" who scored 199
regular-season points, assisted
on all three of the Penguins'
second-period goals, two on pic
turebook feeds to right wing
Rob Brown.
His final goal came into an
empty net with :37 to play.
PITTSBURGH (AP) -
Mario Lemieux tied NHL
playoff records with four first
period goals, five overall and
eight points Tuesday night as
the Pittsburgh Penguins beat
the Philadelphia Flyers 10-7 to
take a 3-2 lead in the Patrick
Division finals.
Lemieux, listed as question
able before the game with a
whiplash-like neck injury,
scored a natural hat trick in
the first 6:55 of play to give
the pumped-up Penguins, who
led 9-3 entering the final peri
od, a 3-0 lead.
In a playoff performance
rivaling any by the incom
parable Wayne Gretzky,
Lemieux made it 5-1 with his

fourth goal at 17:09, tying the
league record for playoff goals
in a period set by the Flyers'
Tim Kerr against the New York
Rangers in 1985.
The five goals match the ef
forts of Maurice Richard of
Montreal in 1944 and Darryl
Sittler of Toronto and Reggie
Leach of Philadelphia in 1976.
The NHL scoring champion,
returning to the "Mario the
Magnificent" who scored 199
regular-season points, assisted
on all three of the Penguins'
second-period goals, two on pic
turebook feeds to right wing
Rob Brown.
His final goal came into an
empty net with :37 to play.
PITTSBURGH (AP) -
Mario Lemieux tied NHL
playoff records with four first
period goals, five overall and
eight points Tuesday night as
the Pittsburgh Penguins beat
the Philadelphia Flyers 10-7 to
take a 3-2 lead in the Patrick
Division finals.
Lemieux, listed as question
able before the game with a
whiplash-like neck injury,
scored a natural hat trick in
the first 6:55 of play to give
the pumped-up Penguins, who
led 9-3 entering the final peri
od, a 3-0 lead.
In a playoff performance
rivaling any by the incom
parable Wayne Gretzky,
Lemieux made it 5-1 with his

fourth goal at 17:09, tying the
league record for playoff goals
in a period set by the Flyers'
Tim Kerr against the New York
Rangers in 1985.
The five goals match the ef
forts of Maurice Richard of
Montreal in 1944 and Darryl
Sittler of Toronto and Reggie
Leach of Philadelphia in 1976.
The NHL scoring champion,
returning to the "Mario the
Magnificent" who scored 199
regular-season points, assisted
on all three of the Penguins'
second-period goals, two on pic
turebook feeds to right wing
Rob Brown.
His final goal came into an
empty net with :37 to play.
PITTSBURGH (AP) -
Mario Lemieux tied NHL
playoff records with four first
period goals, five overall and
eight points Tuesday night as
the Pittsburgh Penguins beat
the Philadelphia Flyers 10-7 to
take a 3-2 lead in the Patrick
Division finals.
Lemieux, listed as question
able before the game with a
whiplash-like neck injury,
scored a natural hat trick in
the first 6:55 of play to give
the pumped-up Penguins, who
led 9-3 entering the final peri
od, a 3-0 lead.
In a playoff performance
rivaling any by the incom
parable Wayne Gretzky,
Lemieux made it 5-1 with his

fourth goal at 17:09, tying the
league record for playoff goals
in a period set by the Flyers'
Tim Kerr against the New York
Rangers in 1985.
The five goals match the ef
forts of Maurice Richard of
Montreal in 1944 and Darryl
Sittler of Toronto and Reggie
Leach of Philadelphia in 1976.
The NHL scoring champion,
returning to the "Mario the
Magnificent" who scored 199
regular-season points, assisted
on all three of the Penguins'
second-period goals, two on pic
turebook feeds to right wing
Rob Brown.
His final goal came into an
empty net with :37 to play.
PITTSBURGH (AP) -
Mario Lemieux tied NHL
playoff records with four first
period goals, five overall and
eight points Tuesday night as
the Pittsburgh Penguins beat
the Philadelphia Flyers 10-7 to
take a 3-2 lead in the Patrick
Division finals.
Lemieux, listed as question
able before the game with a
whiplash-like neck injury,
scored a natural hat trick in
the first 6:55 of play to give
the pumped-up Penguins, who
led 9-3 entering the final peri
od, a 3-0 lead.
In a playoff performance
rivaling any by the incom
parable Wayne Gretzky,
Lemieux made it 5-1 with his

fourth goal at 17:09, tying the
league record for playoff goals
in a period set by the Flyers'
Tim Kerr against the New York
Rangers in 1985.
The five goals match the ef
forts of Maurice Richard of
Montreal in 1944 and Darryl
Sittler of Toronto and Reggie
Leach of Philadelphia in 1976.
The NHL scoring champion,
returning to the "Mario the
Magnificent" who scored 199
regular-season points, assisted
on all three of the Penguins'
second-period goals, two on pic
turebook feeds to right wing
Rob Brown.
His final goal came into an
empty net with :37 to play.
PITTSBURGH (AP) -
Mario Lemieux tied NHL
playoff records with four first
period goals, five overall and
eight points Tuesday night as
the Pittsburgh Penguins beat
the Philadelphia Flyers 10-7 to
take a 3-2 lead in the Patrick
Division finals.
Lemieux, listed as question
able before the game with a
whiplash-like neck injury,
scored a natural hat trick in
the first 6:55 of play to give
the pumped-up Penguins, who
led 9-3 entering the final peri
od, a 3-0 lead.
In a playoff performance
rivaling any by the incom
parable Wayne Gretzky,
Lemieux made it 5-1 with his

fourth goal at 17:09, tying the
league record for playoff goals
in a period set by the Flyers'
Tim Kerr against the New York
Rangers in 1985.
The five goals match the ef
forts of Maurice Richard of
Montreal in 1944 and Darryl
Sittler of Toronto and Reggie
Leach of Philadelphia in 1976.
The NHL scoring champion,
returning to the "Mario the
Magnificent" who scored 199
regular-season points, assisted
on all three of the Penguins'
second-period goals, two on pic
turebook feeds to right wing
Rob Brown.
His final goal came into an
empty net with :37 to play.
PITTSBURGH (AP) -
Mario Lemieux tied NHL
playoff records with four first
period goals, five overall and
eight points Tuesday night as
the Pittsburgh Penguins beat
the Philadelphia Flyers 10-7 to
take a 3-2 lead in the Patrick
Division finals.
Lemieux, listed as question
able before the game with a
whiplash-like neck injury,
scored a natural hat trick in
the first 6:55 of play to give
the pumped-up Penguins, who
led 9-3 entering the final peri
od, a 3-0 lead.
In a playoff performance
rivaling any by the incom
parable Wayne Gretzky,
Lemieux made it 5-1 with his

fourth goal at 17:09, tying the
league record for playoff goals
in a period set by the Flyers'
Tim Kerr against the New York
Rangers in 1985.
The five goals match the ef
forts of Maurice Richard of
Montreal in 1944 and Darryl
Sittler of Toronto and Reggie
Leach of Philadelphia in 1976.
The NHL scoring champion,
returning to the "Mario the
Magnificent" who scored 199
regular-season points, assisted
on all three of the Penguins'
second-period goals, two on pic
turebook feeds to right wing
Rob Brown.
His final goal came into an
empty net with :37 to play.
