# Untitled Article
## 
### 

"Would one of you guys outline me a schedule for next quar
ter? 1 say, can any of you guys recommend a snap two-hour
course? Hey! will someone tell me what yer taking this guarter?"

"Would one of you guys outline me a schedule for next quar
ter? 1 say, can any of you guys recommend a snap two-hour
course? Hey! will someone tell me what yer taking this guarter?"

"Would one of you guys outline me a schedule for next quar
ter? 1 say, can any of you guys recommend a snap two-hour
course? Hey! will someone tell me what yer taking this guarter?"

"Would one of you guys outline me a schedule for next quar
ter? 1 say, can any of you guys recommend a snap two-hour
course? Hey! will someone tell me what yer taking this guarter?"

"Would one of you guys outline me a schedule for next quar
ter? 1 say, can any of you guys recommend a snap two-hour
course? Hey! will someone tell me what yer taking this guarter?"

"Would one of you guys outline me a schedule for next quar
ter? 1 say, can any of you guys recommend a snap two-hour
course? Hey! will someone tell me what yer taking this guarter?"

"Would one of you guys outline me a schedule for next quar
ter? 1 say, can any of you guys recommend a snap two-hour
course? Hey! will someone tell me what yer taking this guarter?"

"Would one of you guys outline me a schedule for next quar
ter? 1 say, can any of you guys recommend a snap two-hour
course? Hey! will someone tell me what yer taking this guarter?"

"Would one of you guys outline me a schedule for next quar
ter? 1 say, can any of you guys recommend a snap two-hour
course? Hey! will someone tell me what yer taking this guarter?"

"Would one of you guys outline me a schedule for next quar
ter? 1 say, can any of you guys recommend a snap two-hour
course? Hey! will someone tell me what yer taking this guarter?"

"Would one of you guys outline me a schedule for next quar
ter? 1 say, can any of you guys recommend a snap two-hour
course? Hey! will someone tell me what yer taking this guarter?"

"Would one of you guys outline me a schedule for next quar
ter? 1 say, can any of you guys recommend a snap two-hour
course? Hey! will someone tell me what yer taking this guarter?"

"Would one of you guys outline me a schedule for next quar
ter? 1 say, can any of you guys recommend a snap two-hour
course? Hey! will someone tell me what yer taking this guarter?"

"Would one of you guys outline me a schedule for next quar
ter? 1 say, can any of you guys recommend a snap two-hour
course? Hey! will someone tell me what yer taking this guarter?"

"Would one of you guys outline me a schedule for next quar
ter? 1 say, can any of you guys recommend a snap two-hour
course? Hey! will someone tell me what yer taking this guarter?"

"Would one of you guys outline me a schedule for next quar
ter? 1 say, can any of you guys recommend a snap two-hour
course? Hey! will someone tell me what yer taking this guarter?"
