# Untitled Article
## 
### 
How can you
You should watch women's
soccer play Santa Clara.
Sports, page 7

catch a sparrow
Nice catch David! Good
luck against Oregon.
Sports, page 7


How can you
You should watch women's
soccer play Santa Clara.
Sports, page 7

catch a sparrow
Nice catch David! Good
luck against Oregon.
Sports, page 7


How can you
You should watch women's
soccer play Santa Clara.
Sports, page 7

catch a sparrow
Nice catch David! Good
luck against Oregon.
Sports, page 7


How can you
You should watch women's
soccer play Santa Clara.
Sports, page 7

catch a sparrow
Nice catch David! Good
luck against Oregon.
Sports, page 7


How can you
You should watch women's
soccer play Santa Clara.
Sports, page 7

catch a sparrow
Nice catch David! Good
luck against Oregon.
Sports, page 7


