# TICKETS FOR GAME TO BE TAKEN TO SAN FRANCISCO.
## 
### 
No move tickets for the big game
will he on sale either at the Bookstore
or in Palo Alto after 10:30 tomorrow
morning. At. that time all the remain
ing tickets, including the unsold root
er's section seats will he sent to San
Francisco. Anyone who desires to
purchase tickets and has not done so
will have to obtain them before they
are taken away or el?e secure them in
the city.
No move tickets for the big game
will he on sale either at the Bookstore
or in Palo Alto after 10:30 tomorrow
morning. At. that time all the remain
ing tickets, including the unsold root
er's section seats will he sent to San
Francisco. Anyone who desires to
purchase tickets and has not done so
will have to obtain them before they
are taken away or el?e secure them in
the city.
No move tickets for the big game
will he on sale either at the Bookstore
or in Palo Alto after 10:30 tomorrow
morning. At. that time all the remain
ing tickets, including the unsold root
er's section seats will he sent to San
Francisco. Anyone who desires to
purchase tickets and has not done so
will have to obtain them before they
are taken away or el?e secure them in
the city.
No move tickets for the big game
will he on sale either at the Bookstore
or in Palo Alto after 10:30 tomorrow
morning. At. that time all the remain
ing tickets, including the unsold root
er's section seats will he sent to San
Francisco. Anyone who desires to
purchase tickets and has not done so
will have to obtain them before they
are taken away or el?e secure them in
the city.
No move tickets for the big game
will he on sale either at the Bookstore
or in Palo Alto after 10:30 tomorrow
morning. At. that time all the remain
ing tickets, including the unsold root
er's section seats will he sent to San
Francisco. Anyone who desires to
purchase tickets and has not done so
will have to obtain them before they
are taken away or el?e secure them in
the city.
No move tickets for the big game
will he on sale either at the Bookstore
or in Palo Alto after 10:30 tomorrow
morning. At. that time all the remain
ing tickets, including the unsold root
er's section seats will he sent to San
Francisco. Anyone who desires to
purchase tickets and has not done so
will have to obtain them before they
are taken away or el?e secure them in
the city.
No move tickets for the big game
will he on sale either at the Bookstore
or in Palo Alto after 10:30 tomorrow
morning. At. that time all the remain
ing tickets, including the unsold root
er's section seats will he sent to San
Francisco. Anyone who desires to
purchase tickets and has not done so
will have to obtain them before they
are taken away or el?e secure them in
the city.
No move tickets for the big game
will he on sale either at the Bookstore
or in Palo Alto after 10:30 tomorrow
morning. At. that time all the remain
ing tickets, including the unsold root
er's section seats will he sent to San
Francisco. Anyone who desires to
purchase tickets and has not done so
will have to obtain them before they
are taken away or el?e secure them in
the city.
No move tickets for the big game
will he on sale either at the Bookstore
or in Palo Alto after 10:30 tomorrow
morning. At. that time all the remain
ing tickets, including the unsold root
er's section seats will he sent to San
Francisco. Anyone who desires to
purchase tickets and has not done so
will have to obtain them before they
are taken away or el?e secure them in
the city.
No move tickets for the big game
will he on sale either at the Bookstore
or in Palo Alto after 10:30 tomorrow
morning. At. that time all the remain
ing tickets, including the unsold root
er's section seats will he sent to San
Francisco. Anyone who desires to
purchase tickets and has not done so
will have to obtain them before they
are taken away or el?e secure them in
the city.
No move tickets for the big game
will he on sale either at the Bookstore
or in Palo Alto after 10:30 tomorrow
morning. At. that time all the remain
ing tickets, including the unsold root
er's section seats will he sent to San
Francisco. Anyone who desires to
purchase tickets and has not done so
will have to obtain them before they
are taken away or el?e secure them in
the city.
