# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—Homer Lee, ex-'99, who tried to !
starta regiment among the students
here to go to China, and who is now
a lieutenant-general in the Chinese
army, recently returned to San
Francisco.
—D.F. Meiklejohn, ex-'OO, a Geol
ogy major, for the last year as
sayer at the Keystone gold mine
in Amador county,is now traveling
in the East. He is trying to sell!
a valuable gold mine which is
located in this state, and he has
been to New York, Boston, Chicago
and Philadelphia for that purpose.
—Homer Lee, ex-'99, who tried to !
starta regiment among the students
here to go to China, and who is now
a lieutenant-general in the Chinese
army, recently returned to San
Francisco.
—D.F. Meiklejohn, ex-'OO, a Geol
ogy major, for the last year as
sayer at the Keystone gold mine
in Amador county,is now traveling
in the East. He is trying to sell!
a valuable gold mine which is
located in this state, and he has
been to New York, Boston, Chicago
and Philadelphia for that purpose.
—Homer Lee, ex-'99, who tried to !
starta regiment among the students
here to go to China, and who is now
a lieutenant-general in the Chinese
army, recently returned to San
Francisco.
—D.F. Meiklejohn, ex-'OO, a Geol
ogy major, for the last year as
sayer at the Keystone gold mine
in Amador county,is now traveling
in the East. He is trying to sell!
a valuable gold mine which is
located in this state, and he has
been to New York, Boston, Chicago
and Philadelphia for that purpose.
—Homer Lee, ex-'99, who tried to !
starta regiment among the students
here to go to China, and who is now
a lieutenant-general in the Chinese
army, recently returned to San
Francisco.
—D.F. Meiklejohn, ex-'OO, a Geol
ogy major, for the last year as
sayer at the Keystone gold mine
in Amador county,is now traveling
in the East. He is trying to sell!
a valuable gold mine which is
located in this state, and he has
been to New York, Boston, Chicago
and Philadelphia for that purpose.
—Homer Lee, ex-'99, who tried to !
starta regiment among the students
here to go to China, and who is now
a lieutenant-general in the Chinese
army, recently returned to San
Francisco.
—D.F. Meiklejohn, ex-'OO, a Geol
ogy major, for the last year as
sayer at the Keystone gold mine
in Amador county,is now traveling
in the East. He is trying to sell!
a valuable gold mine which is
located in this state, and he has
been to New York, Boston, Chicago
and Philadelphia for that purpose.
—Homer Lee, ex-'99, who tried to !
starta regiment among the students
here to go to China, and who is now
a lieutenant-general in the Chinese
army, recently returned to San
Francisco.
—D.F. Meiklejohn, ex-'OO, a Geol
ogy major, for the last year as
sayer at the Keystone gold mine
in Amador county,is now traveling
in the East. He is trying to sell!
a valuable gold mine which is
located in this state, and he has
been to New York, Boston, Chicago
and Philadelphia for that purpose.
—Homer Lee, ex-'99, who tried to !
starta regiment among the students
here to go to China, and who is now
a lieutenant-general in the Chinese
army, recently returned to San
Francisco.
—D.F. Meiklejohn, ex-'OO, a Geol
ogy major, for the last year as
sayer at the Keystone gold mine
in Amador county,is now traveling
in the East. He is trying to sell!
a valuable gold mine which is
located in this state, and he has
been to New York, Boston, Chicago
and Philadelphia for that purpose.
