# University Bulletin.
## 
### 
Wednesday.
President Jordan addresses Wo
man's Club, Palo Alto, 3 p.m.
Glee Club rehearsal, chapel, 7:30
p.m.
Senior Program Committee meets,
room 11 quivd, 1:30 p.m.
Wednesday.
President Jordan addresses Wo
man's Club, Palo Alto, 3 p.m.
Glee Club rehearsal, chapel, 7:30
p.m.
Senior Program Committee meets,
room 11 quivd, 1:30 p.m.
Wednesday.
President Jordan addresses Wo
man's Club, Palo Alto, 3 p.m.
Glee Club rehearsal, chapel, 7:30
p.m.
Senior Program Committee meets,
room 11 quivd, 1:30 p.m.
Wednesday.
President Jordan addresses Wo
man's Club, Palo Alto, 3 p.m.
Glee Club rehearsal, chapel, 7:30
p.m.
Senior Program Committee meets,
room 11 quivd, 1:30 p.m.
Wednesday.
President Jordan addresses Wo
man's Club, Palo Alto, 3 p.m.
Glee Club rehearsal, chapel, 7:30
p.m.
Senior Program Committee meets,
room 11 quivd, 1:30 p.m.
Wednesday.
President Jordan addresses Wo
man's Club, Palo Alto, 3 p.m.
Glee Club rehearsal, chapel, 7:30
p.m.
Senior Program Committee meets,
room 11 quivd, 1:30 p.m.
Wednesday.
President Jordan addresses Wo
man's Club, Palo Alto, 3 p.m.
Glee Club rehearsal, chapel, 7:30
p.m.
Senior Program Committee meets,
room 11 quivd, 1:30 p.m.
