# Professor Shirks Lectures on England
## 
### 
At the request of Professor H. L.
Cannon, Professor E. C. SI arks of the
Zoology department delivered an illns
rated lecture on England to the class
ir English history this morning. Pro
fessor Staiks' trip, made by bicycle,
took him off the usual route taken by
tourists, and he secured many inter
esting and unusual photographs. His
lecture will be resumed at the next
meeting of the class.
At the request of Professor H. L.
Cannon, Professor E. C. SI arks of the
Zoology department delivered an illns
rated lecture on England to the class
ir English history this morning. Pro
fessor Staiks' trip, made by bicycle,
took him off the usual route taken by
tourists, and he secured many inter
esting and unusual photographs. His
lecture will be resumed at the next
meeting of the class.
At the request of Professor H. L.
Cannon, Professor E. C. SI arks of the
Zoology department delivered an illns
rated lecture on England to the class
ir English history this morning. Pro
fessor Staiks' trip, made by bicycle,
took him off the usual route taken by
tourists, and he secured many inter
esting and unusual photographs. His
lecture will be resumed at the next
meeting of the class.
At the request of Professor H. L.
Cannon, Professor E. C. SI arks of the
Zoology department delivered an illns
rated lecture on England to the class
ir English history this morning. Pro
fessor Staiks' trip, made by bicycle,
took him off the usual route taken by
tourists, and he secured many inter
esting and unusual photographs. His
lecture will be resumed at the next
meeting of the class.
At the request of Professor H. L.
Cannon, Professor E. C. SI arks of the
Zoology department delivered an illns
rated lecture on England to the class
ir English history this morning. Pro
fessor Staiks' trip, made by bicycle,
took him off the usual route taken by
tourists, and he secured many inter
esting and unusual photographs. His
lecture will be resumed at the next
meeting of the class.
At the request of Professor H. L.
Cannon, Professor E. C. SI arks of the
Zoology department delivered an illns
rated lecture on England to the class
ir English history this morning. Pro
fessor Staiks' trip, made by bicycle,
took him off the usual route taken by
tourists, and he secured many inter
esting and unusual photographs. His
lecture will be resumed at the next
meeting of the class.
At the request of Professor H. L.
Cannon, Professor E. C. SI arks of the
Zoology department delivered an illns
rated lecture on England to the class
ir English history this morning. Pro
fessor Staiks' trip, made by bicycle,
took him off the usual route taken by
tourists, and he secured many inter
esting and unusual photographs. His
lecture will be resumed at the next
meeting of the class.
At the request of Professor H. L.
Cannon, Professor E. C. SI arks of the
Zoology department delivered an illns
rated lecture on England to the class
ir English history this morning. Pro
fessor Staiks' trip, made by bicycle,
took him off the usual route taken by
tourists, and he secured many inter
esting and unusual photographs. His
lecture will be resumed at the next
meeting of the class.
At the request of Professor H. L.
Cannon, Professor E. C. SI arks of the
Zoology department delivered an illns
rated lecture on England to the class
ir English history this morning. Pro
fessor Staiks' trip, made by bicycle,
took him off the usual route taken by
tourists, and he secured many inter
esting and unusual photographs. His
lecture will be resumed at the next
meeting of the class.
At the request of Professor H. L.
Cannon, Professor E. C. SI arks of the
Zoology department delivered an illns
rated lecture on England to the class
ir English history this morning. Pro
fessor Staiks' trip, made by bicycle,
took him off the usual route taken by
tourists, and he secured many inter
esting and unusual photographs. His
lecture will be resumed at the next
meeting of the class.
At the request of Professor H. L.
Cannon, Professor E. C. SI arks of the
Zoology department delivered an illns
rated lecture on England to the class
ir English history this morning. Pro
fessor Staiks' trip, made by bicycle,
took him off the usual route taken by
tourists, and he secured many inter
esting and unusual photographs. His
lecture will be resumed at the next
meeting of the class.
