# Will Read Paper to Schoolmasters.
## 
### 
Dr. O. P. Jenkins has been asked to
give a paper before the Schoolmast
er's Club of San Jose on Friday
evening, October sth. The subject of
Dir. Jenkin's paper will be "The
Place of Science in the School Curri
culum."
Dr. O. P. Jenkins has been asked to
give a paper before the Schoolmast
er's Club of San Jose on Friday
evening, October sth. The subject of
Dir. Jenkin's paper will be "The
Place of Science in the School Curri
culum."
Dr. O. P. Jenkins has been asked to
give a paper before the Schoolmast
er's Club of San Jose on Friday
evening, October sth. The subject of
Dir. Jenkin's paper will be "The
Place of Science in the School Curri
culum."
Dr. O. P. Jenkins has been asked to
give a paper before the Schoolmast
er's Club of San Jose on Friday
evening, October sth. The subject of
Dir. Jenkin's paper will be "The
Place of Science in the School Curri
culum."
Dr. O. P. Jenkins has been asked to
give a paper before the Schoolmast
er's Club of San Jose on Friday
evening, October sth. The subject of
Dir. Jenkin's paper will be "The
Place of Science in the School Curri
culum."
Dr. O. P. Jenkins has been asked to
give a paper before the Schoolmast
er's Club of San Jose on Friday
evening, October sth. The subject of
Dir. Jenkin's paper will be "The
Place of Science in the School Curri
culum."
Dr. O. P. Jenkins has been asked to
give a paper before the Schoolmast
er's Club of San Jose on Friday
evening, October sth. The subject of
Dir. Jenkin's paper will be "The
Place of Science in the School Curri
culum."
Dr. O. P. Jenkins has been asked to
give a paper before the Schoolmast
er's Club of San Jose on Friday
evening, October sth. The subject of
Dir. Jenkin's paper will be "The
Place of Science in the School Curri
culum."
Dr. O. P. Jenkins has been asked to
give a paper before the Schoolmast
er's Club of San Jose on Friday
evening, October sth. The subject of
Dir. Jenkin's paper will be "The
Place of Science in the School Curri
culum."
