# Attorney Receives High Commission
## 
### 
SALEM, Ore., Jan. 10 (UP).—Wil
liam D. Bennett, Portland attorney
and former state legislator, today
said he had been advised he would
be temporarily appinted U.S. high
commissioner to the Philippines.
Mr. Bennett said he was to replace
Paul V. McNutt during the latter's
absence for about seven weeks from
Manila on a diplomatic tour. Mr.
Bennett said his appointment would
come through President Roosevelt
and that he would leave Portland
around Feb. 10.
SALEM, Ore., Jan. 10 (UP).—Wil
liam D. Bennett, Portland attorney
and former state legislator, today
said he had been advised he would
be temporarily appinted U.S. high
commissioner to the Philippines.
Mr. Bennett said he was to replace
Paul V. McNutt during the latter's
absence for about seven weeks from
Manila on a diplomatic tour. Mr.
Bennett said his appointment would
come through President Roosevelt
and that he would leave Portland
around Feb. 10.
SALEM, Ore., Jan. 10 (UP).—Wil
liam D. Bennett, Portland attorney
and former state legislator, today
said he had been advised he would
be temporarily appinted U.S. high
commissioner to the Philippines.
Mr. Bennett said he was to replace
Paul V. McNutt during the latter's
absence for about seven weeks from
Manila on a diplomatic tour. Mr.
Bennett said his appointment would
come through President Roosevelt
and that he would leave Portland
around Feb. 10.
SALEM, Ore., Jan. 10 (UP).—Wil
liam D. Bennett, Portland attorney
and former state legislator, today
said he had been advised he would
be temporarily appinted U.S. high
commissioner to the Philippines.
Mr. Bennett said he was to replace
Paul V. McNutt during the latter's
absence for about seven weeks from
Manila on a diplomatic tour. Mr.
Bennett said his appointment would
come through President Roosevelt
and that he would leave Portland
around Feb. 10.
SALEM, Ore., Jan. 10 (UP).—Wil
liam D. Bennett, Portland attorney
and former state legislator, today
said he had been advised he would
be temporarily appinted U.S. high
commissioner to the Philippines.
Mr. Bennett said he was to replace
Paul V. McNutt during the latter's
absence for about seven weeks from
Manila on a diplomatic tour. Mr.
Bennett said his appointment would
come through President Roosevelt
and that he would leave Portland
around Feb. 10.
SALEM, Ore., Jan. 10 (UP).—Wil
liam D. Bennett, Portland attorney
and former state legislator, today
said he had been advised he would
be temporarily appinted U.S. high
commissioner to the Philippines.
Mr. Bennett said he was to replace
Paul V. McNutt during the latter's
absence for about seven weeks from
Manila on a diplomatic tour. Mr.
Bennett said his appointment would
come through President Roosevelt
and that he would leave Portland
around Feb. 10.
SALEM, Ore., Jan. 10 (UP).—Wil
liam D. Bennett, Portland attorney
and former state legislator, today
said he had been advised he would
be temporarily appinted U.S. high
commissioner to the Philippines.
Mr. Bennett said he was to replace
Paul V. McNutt during the latter's
absence for about seven weeks from
Manila on a diplomatic tour. Mr.
Bennett said his appointment would
come through President Roosevelt
and that he would leave Portland
around Feb. 10.
SALEM, Ore., Jan. 10 (UP).—Wil
liam D. Bennett, Portland attorney
and former state legislator, today
said he had been advised he would
be temporarily appinted U.S. high
commissioner to the Philippines.
Mr. Bennett said he was to replace
Paul V. McNutt during the latter's
absence for about seven weeks from
Manila on a diplomatic tour. Mr.
Bennett said his appointment would
come through President Roosevelt
and that he would leave Portland
around Feb. 10.
SALEM, Ore., Jan. 10 (UP).—Wil
liam D. Bennett, Portland attorney
and former state legislator, today
said he had been advised he would
be temporarily appinted U.S. high
commissioner to the Philippines.
Mr. Bennett said he was to replace
Paul V. McNutt during the latter's
absence for about seven weeks from
Manila on a diplomatic tour. Mr.
Bennett said his appointment would
come through President Roosevelt
and that he would leave Portland
around Feb. 10.
SALEM, Ore., Jan. 10 (UP).—Wil
liam D. Bennett, Portland attorney
and former state legislator, today
said he had been advised he would
be temporarily appinted U.S. high
commissioner to the Philippines.
Mr. Bennett said he was to replace
Paul V. McNutt during the latter's
absence for about seven weeks from
Manila on a diplomatic tour. Mr.
Bennett said his appointment would
come through President Roosevelt
and that he would leave Portland
around Feb. 10.
SALEM, Ore., Jan. 10 (UP).—Wil
liam D. Bennett, Portland attorney
and former state legislator, today
said he had been advised he would
be temporarily appinted U.S. high
commissioner to the Philippines.
Mr. Bennett said he was to replace
Paul V. McNutt during the latter's
absence for about seven weeks from
Manila on a diplomatic tour. Mr.
Bennett said his appointment would
come through President Roosevelt
and that he would leave Portland
around Feb. 10.
SALEM, Ore., Jan. 10 (UP).—Wil
liam D. Bennett, Portland attorney
and former state legislator, today
said he had been advised he would
be temporarily appinted U.S. high
commissioner to the Philippines.
Mr. Bennett said he was to replace
Paul V. McNutt during the latter's
absence for about seven weeks from
Manila on a diplomatic tour. Mr.
Bennett said his appointment would
come through President Roosevelt
and that he would leave Portland
around Feb. 10.
SALEM, Ore., Jan. 10 (UP).—Wil
liam D. Bennett, Portland attorney
and former state legislator, today
said he had been advised he would
be temporarily appinted U.S. high
commissioner to the Philippines.
Mr. Bennett said he was to replace
Paul V. McNutt during the latter's
absence for about seven weeks from
Manila on a diplomatic tour. Mr.
Bennett said his appointment would
come through President Roosevelt
and that he would leave Portland
around Feb. 10.
SALEM, Ore., Jan. 10 (UP).—Wil
liam D. Bennett, Portland attorney
and former state legislator, today
said he had been advised he would
be temporarily appinted U.S. high
commissioner to the Philippines.
Mr. Bennett said he was to replace
Paul V. McNutt during the latter's
absence for about seven weeks from
Manila on a diplomatic tour. Mr.
Bennett said his appointment would
come through President Roosevelt
and that he would leave Portland
around Feb. 10.
SALEM, Ore., Jan. 10 (UP).—Wil
liam D. Bennett, Portland attorney
and former state legislator, today
said he had been advised he would
be temporarily appinted U.S. high
commissioner to the Philippines.
Mr. Bennett said he was to replace
Paul V. McNutt during the latter's
absence for about seven weeks from
Manila on a diplomatic tour. Mr.
Bennett said his appointment would
come through President Roosevelt
and that he would leave Portland
around Feb. 10.
SALEM, Ore., Jan. 10 (UP).—Wil
liam D. Bennett, Portland attorney
and former state legislator, today
said he had been advised he would
be temporarily appinted U.S. high
commissioner to the Philippines.
Mr. Bennett said he was to replace
Paul V. McNutt during the latter's
absence for about seven weeks from
Manila on a diplomatic tour. Mr.
Bennett said his appointment would
come through President Roosevelt
and that he would leave Portland
around Feb. 10.
