# Glee Club to IN an Initiation Banquet
## 
### 
The Glee Club is holding its first
mooting of this quarter today at
4:15 o'clock in Room 84 on the
Quad. All old members, as well as
those who tried out on Monday, are
urged to be present..
Plans for the initiation banquet,
the Quad picture, and the date for
all future meetings will be dis
cussed. Those who will be unable
to attend should get in touch with
Jane Roth,
The Glee Club is holding its first
mooting of this quarter today at
4:15 o'clock in Room 84 on the
Quad. All old members, as well as
those who tried out on Monday, are
urged to be present..
Plans for the initiation banquet,
the Quad picture, and the date for
all future meetings will be dis
cussed. Those who will be unable
to attend should get in touch with
Jane Roth,
The Glee Club is holding its first
mooting of this quarter today at
4:15 o'clock in Room 84 on the
Quad. All old members, as well as
those who tried out on Monday, are
urged to be present..
Plans for the initiation banquet,
the Quad picture, and the date for
all future meetings will be dis
cussed. Those who will be unable
to attend should get in touch with
Jane Roth,
The Glee Club is holding its first
mooting of this quarter today at
4:15 o'clock in Room 84 on the
Quad. All old members, as well as
those who tried out on Monday, are
urged to be present..
Plans for the initiation banquet,
the Quad picture, and the date for
all future meetings will be dis
cussed. Those who will be unable
to attend should get in touch with
Jane Roth,
The Glee Club is holding its first
mooting of this quarter today at
4:15 o'clock in Room 84 on the
Quad. All old members, as well as
those who tried out on Monday, are
urged to be present..
Plans for the initiation banquet,
the Quad picture, and the date for
all future meetings will be dis
cussed. Those who will be unable
to attend should get in touch with
Jane Roth,
The Glee Club is holding its first
mooting of this quarter today at
4:15 o'clock in Room 84 on the
Quad. All old members, as well as
those who tried out on Monday, are
urged to be present..
Plans for the initiation banquet,
the Quad picture, and the date for
all future meetings will be dis
cussed. Those who will be unable
to attend should get in touch with
Jane Roth,
The Glee Club is holding its first
mooting of this quarter today at
4:15 o'clock in Room 84 on the
Quad. All old members, as well as
those who tried out on Monday, are
urged to be present..
Plans for the initiation banquet,
the Quad picture, and the date for
all future meetings will be dis
cussed. Those who will be unable
to attend should get in touch with
Jane Roth,
The Glee Club is holding its first
mooting of this quarter today at
4:15 o'clock in Room 84 on the
Quad. All old members, as well as
those who tried out on Monday, are
urged to be present..
Plans for the initiation banquet,
the Quad picture, and the date for
all future meetings will be dis
cussed. Those who will be unable
to attend should get in touch with
Jane Roth,
The Glee Club is holding its first
mooting of this quarter today at
4:15 o'clock in Room 84 on the
Quad. All old members, as well as
those who tried out on Monday, are
urged to be present..
Plans for the initiation banquet,
the Quad picture, and the date for
all future meetings will be dis
cussed. Those who will be unable
to attend should get in touch with
Jane Roth,
The Glee Club is holding its first
mooting of this quarter today at
4:15 o'clock in Room 84 on the
Quad. All old members, as well as
those who tried out on Monday, are
urged to be present..
Plans for the initiation banquet,
the Quad picture, and the date for
all future meetings will be dis
cussed. Those who will be unable
to attend should get in touch with
Jane Roth,
The Glee Club is holding its first
mooting of this quarter today at
4:15 o'clock in Room 84 on the
Quad. All old members, as well as
those who tried out on Monday, are
urged to be present..
Plans for the initiation banquet,
the Quad picture, and the date for
all future meetings will be dis
cussed. Those who will be unable
to attend should get in touch with
Jane Roth,
The Glee Club is holding its first
mooting of this quarter today at
4:15 o'clock in Room 84 on the
Quad. All old members, as well as
those who tried out on Monday, are
urged to be present..
Plans for the initiation banquet,
the Quad picture, and the date for
all future meetings will be dis
cussed. Those who will be unable
to attend should get in touch with
Jane Roth,
The Glee Club is holding its first
mooting of this quarter today at
4:15 o'clock in Room 84 on the
Quad. All old members, as well as
those who tried out on Monday, are
urged to be present..
Plans for the initiation banquet,
the Quad picture, and the date for
all future meetings will be dis
cussed. Those who will be unable
to attend should get in touch with
Jane Roth,
The Glee Club is holding its first
mooting of this quarter today at
4:15 o'clock in Room 84 on the
Quad. All old members, as well as
those who tried out on Monday, are
urged to be present..
Plans for the initiation banquet,
the Quad picture, and the date for
all future meetings will be dis
cussed. Those who will be unable
to attend should get in touch with
Jane Roth,
The Glee Club is holding its first
mooting of this quarter today at
4:15 o'clock in Room 84 on the
Quad. All old members, as well as
those who tried out on Monday, are
urged to be present..
Plans for the initiation banquet,
the Quad picture, and the date for
all future meetings will be dis
cussed. Those who will be unable
to attend should get in touch with
Jane Roth,
The Glee Club is holding its first
mooting of this quarter today at
4:15 o'clock in Room 84 on the
Quad. All old members, as well as
those who tried out on Monday, are
urged to be present..
Plans for the initiation banquet,
the Quad picture, and the date for
all future meetings will be dis
cussed. Those who will be unable
to attend should get in touch with
Jane Roth,
