# Plan Aid for Sick Railroads
## 
### 

DISCUSSING PLANS FOR HILL to he introduced in the forthcoming
Congress for the aid of financially sick railroads, are Senator Bur
ton K. Wheeler, left, of Montana, and Representative Clarence F.
Lea of California. Senator Wheeler and Representative Left are
chairmen, respectively, of the Senate and House Interstate Com
merce committees.

DISCUSSING PLANS FOR HILL to he introduced in the forthcoming
Congress for the aid of financially sick railroads, are Senator Bur
ton K. Wheeler, left, of Montana, and Representative Clarence F.
Lea of California. Senator Wheeler and Representative Left are
chairmen, respectively, of the Senate and House Interstate Com
merce committees.

DISCUSSING PLANS FOR HILL to he introduced in the forthcoming
Congress for the aid of financially sick railroads, are Senator Bur
ton K. Wheeler, left, of Montana, and Representative Clarence F.
Lea of California. Senator Wheeler and Representative Left are
chairmen, respectively, of the Senate and House Interstate Com
merce committees.

DISCUSSING PLANS FOR HILL to he introduced in the forthcoming
Congress for the aid of financially sick railroads, are Senator Bur
ton K. Wheeler, left, of Montana, and Representative Clarence F.
Lea of California. Senator Wheeler and Representative Left are
chairmen, respectively, of the Senate and House Interstate Com
merce committees.

DISCUSSING PLANS FOR HILL to he introduced in the forthcoming
Congress for the aid of financially sick railroads, are Senator Bur
ton K. Wheeler, left, of Montana, and Representative Clarence F.
Lea of California. Senator Wheeler and Representative Left are
chairmen, respectively, of the Senate and House Interstate Com
merce committees.

DISCUSSING PLANS FOR HILL to he introduced in the forthcoming
Congress for the aid of financially sick railroads, are Senator Bur
ton K. Wheeler, left, of Montana, and Representative Clarence F.
Lea of California. Senator Wheeler and Representative Left are
chairmen, respectively, of the Senate and House Interstate Com
merce committees.

DISCUSSING PLANS FOR HILL to he introduced in the forthcoming
Congress for the aid of financially sick railroads, are Senator Bur
ton K. Wheeler, left, of Montana, and Representative Clarence F.
Lea of California. Senator Wheeler and Representative Left are
chairmen, respectively, of the Senate and House Interstate Com
merce committees.

DISCUSSING PLANS FOR HILL to he introduced in the forthcoming
Congress for the aid of financially sick railroads, are Senator Bur
ton K. Wheeler, left, of Montana, and Representative Clarence F.
Lea of California. Senator Wheeler and Representative Left are
chairmen, respectively, of the Senate and House Interstate Com
merce committees.

DISCUSSING PLANS FOR HILL to he introduced in the forthcoming
Congress for the aid of financially sick railroads, are Senator Bur
ton K. Wheeler, left, of Montana, and Representative Clarence F.
Lea of California. Senator Wheeler and Representative Left are
chairmen, respectively, of the Senate and House Interstate Com
merce committees.

DISCUSSING PLANS FOR HILL to he introduced in the forthcoming
Congress for the aid of financially sick railroads, are Senator Bur
ton K. Wheeler, left, of Montana, and Representative Clarence F.
Lea of California. Senator Wheeler and Representative Left are
chairmen, respectively, of the Senate and House Interstate Com
merce committees.

DISCUSSING PLANS FOR HILL to he introduced in the forthcoming
Congress for the aid of financially sick railroads, are Senator Bur
ton K. Wheeler, left, of Montana, and Representative Clarence F.
Lea of California. Senator Wheeler and Representative Left are
chairmen, respectively, of the Senate and House Interstate Com
merce committees.

DISCUSSING PLANS FOR HILL to he introduced in the forthcoming
Congress for the aid of financially sick railroads, are Senator Bur
ton K. Wheeler, left, of Montana, and Representative Clarence F.
Lea of California. Senator Wheeler and Representative Left are
chairmen, respectively, of the Senate and House Interstate Com
merce committees.

DISCUSSING PLANS FOR HILL to he introduced in the forthcoming
Congress for the aid of financially sick railroads, are Senator Bur
ton K. Wheeler, left, of Montana, and Representative Clarence F.
Lea of California. Senator Wheeler and Representative Left are
chairmen, respectively, of the Senate and House Interstate Com
merce committees.

DISCUSSING PLANS FOR HILL to he introduced in the forthcoming
Congress for the aid of financially sick railroads, are Senator Bur
ton K. Wheeler, left, of Montana, and Representative Clarence F.
Lea of California. Senator Wheeler and Representative Left are
chairmen, respectively, of the Senate and House Interstate Com
merce committees.

DISCUSSING PLANS FOR HILL to he introduced in the forthcoming
Congress for the aid of financially sick railroads, are Senator Bur
ton K. Wheeler, left, of Montana, and Representative Clarence F.
Lea of California. Senator Wheeler and Representative Left are
chairmen, respectively, of the Senate and House Interstate Com
merce committees.

DISCUSSING PLANS FOR HILL to he introduced in the forthcoming
Congress for the aid of financially sick railroads, are Senator Bur
ton K. Wheeler, left, of Montana, and Representative Clarence F.
Lea of California. Senator Wheeler and Representative Left are
chairmen, respectively, of the Senate and House Interstate Com
merce committees.
