# HOUSE 1919 PRESIDENT
## 
### 
M. J. House was today elected pres
ident of the Junior Class at a special
election called for the purpose of fill
ing the vacancy caused by the resig
nation of F. A. Betts, who was orig
inally elected the 1919 president for
the winter quarter.
House was captain of his freshman
track team, and has since been one of
the chief point-winners for the Car
dinal tracksters. He registers from
Riverside, majors in the Economics
department, and is a member of Beta
Theta Pi.
M. J. House was today elected pres
ident of the Junior Class at a special
election called for the purpose of fill
ing the vacancy caused by the resig
nation of F. A. Betts, who was orig
inally elected the 1919 president for
the winter quarter.
House was captain of his freshman
track team, and has since been one of
the chief point-winners for the Car
dinal tracksters. He registers from
Riverside, majors in the Economics
department, and is a member of Beta
Theta Pi.
M. J. House was today elected pres
ident of the Junior Class at a special
election called for the purpose of fill
ing the vacancy caused by the resig
nation of F. A. Betts, who was orig
inally elected the 1919 president for
the winter quarter.
House was captain of his freshman
track team, and has since been one of
the chief point-winners for the Car
dinal tracksters. He registers from
Riverside, majors in the Economics
department, and is a member of Beta
Theta Pi.
M. J. House was today elected pres
ident of the Junior Class at a special
election called for the purpose of fill
ing the vacancy caused by the resig
nation of F. A. Betts, who was orig
inally elected the 1919 president for
the winter quarter.
House was captain of his freshman
track team, and has since been one of
the chief point-winners for the Car
dinal tracksters. He registers from
Riverside, majors in the Economics
department, and is a member of Beta
Theta Pi.
M. J. House was today elected pres
ident of the Junior Class at a special
election called for the purpose of fill
ing the vacancy caused by the resig
nation of F. A. Betts, who was orig
inally elected the 1919 president for
the winter quarter.
House was captain of his freshman
track team, and has since been one of
the chief point-winners for the Car
dinal tracksters. He registers from
Riverside, majors in the Economics
department, and is a member of Beta
Theta Pi.
M. J. House was today elected pres
ident of the Junior Class at a special
election called for the purpose of fill
ing the vacancy caused by the resig
nation of F. A. Betts, who was orig
inally elected the 1919 president for
the winter quarter.
House was captain of his freshman
track team, and has since been one of
the chief point-winners for the Car
dinal tracksters. He registers from
Riverside, majors in the Economics
department, and is a member of Beta
Theta Pi.
M. J. House was today elected pres
ident of the Junior Class at a special
election called for the purpose of fill
ing the vacancy caused by the resig
nation of F. A. Betts, who was orig
inally elected the 1919 president for
the winter quarter.
House was captain of his freshman
track team, and has since been one of
the chief point-winners for the Car
dinal tracksters. He registers from
Riverside, majors in the Economics
department, and is a member of Beta
Theta Pi.
M. J. House was today elected pres
ident of the Junior Class at a special
election called for the purpose of fill
ing the vacancy caused by the resig
nation of F. A. Betts, who was orig
inally elected the 1919 president for
the winter quarter.
House was captain of his freshman
track team, and has since been one of
the chief point-winners for the Car
dinal tracksters. He registers from
Riverside, majors in the Economics
department, and is a member of Beta
Theta Pi.
M. J. House was today elected pres
ident of the Junior Class at a special
election called for the purpose of fill
ing the vacancy caused by the resig
nation of F. A. Betts, who was orig
inally elected the 1919 president for
the winter quarter.
House was captain of his freshman
track team, and has since been one of
the chief point-winners for the Car
dinal tracksters. He registers from
Riverside, majors in the Economics
department, and is a member of Beta
Theta Pi.
M. J. House was today elected pres
ident of the Junior Class at a special
election called for the purpose of fill
ing the vacancy caused by the resig
nation of F. A. Betts, who was orig
inally elected the 1919 president for
the winter quarter.
House was captain of his freshman
track team, and has since been one of
the chief point-winners for the Car
dinal tracksters. He registers from
Riverside, majors in the Economics
department, and is a member of Beta
Theta Pi.
M. J. House was today elected pres
ident of the Junior Class at a special
election called for the purpose of fill
ing the vacancy caused by the resig
nation of F. A. Betts, who was orig
inally elected the 1919 president for
the winter quarter.
House was captain of his freshman
track team, and has since been one of
the chief point-winners for the Car
dinal tracksters. He registers from
Riverside, majors in the Economics
department, and is a member of Beta
Theta Pi.
M. J. House was today elected pres
ident of the Junior Class at a special
election called for the purpose of fill
ing the vacancy caused by the resig
nation of F. A. Betts, who was orig
inally elected the 1919 president for
the winter quarter.
House was captain of his freshman
track team, and has since been one of
the chief point-winners for the Car
dinal tracksters. He registers from
Riverside, majors in the Economics
department, and is a member of Beta
Theta Pi.
M. J. House was today elected pres
ident of the Junior Class at a special
election called for the purpose of fill
ing the vacancy caused by the resig
nation of F. A. Betts, who was orig
inally elected the 1919 president for
the winter quarter.
House was captain of his freshman
track team, and has since been one of
the chief point-winners for the Car
dinal tracksters. He registers from
Riverside, majors in the Economics
department, and is a member of Beta
Theta Pi.
M. J. House was today elected pres
ident of the Junior Class at a special
election called for the purpose of fill
ing the vacancy caused by the resig
nation of F. A. Betts, who was orig
inally elected the 1919 president for
the winter quarter.
House was captain of his freshman
track team, and has since been one of
the chief point-winners for the Car
dinal tracksters. He registers from
Riverside, majors in the Economics
department, and is a member of Beta
Theta Pi.
M. J. House was today elected pres
ident of the Junior Class at a special
election called for the purpose of fill
ing the vacancy caused by the resig
nation of F. A. Betts, who was orig
inally elected the 1919 president for
the winter quarter.
House was captain of his freshman
track team, and has since been one of
the chief point-winners for the Car
dinal tracksters. He registers from
Riverside, majors in the Economics
department, and is a member of Beta
Theta Pi.
M. J. House was today elected pres
ident of the Junior Class at a special
election called for the purpose of fill
ing the vacancy caused by the resig
nation of F. A. Betts, who was orig
inally elected the 1919 president for
the winter quarter.
House was captain of his freshman
track team, and has since been one of
the chief point-winners for the Car
dinal tracksters. He registers from
Riverside, majors in the Economics
department, and is a member of Beta
Theta Pi.
