# FRESHMEN JOLLY-UP TOMORROW EVENING
## 
### 
All classes are invited to the fresh
man jolly-up tonight at Encina Hall.
With the four-piece jazz orchestra,
plenty of punch and cider, and the
large crowd which is sure to be pres
ent, the affair promises to bo a huge
success. The jolly-up committee has
arranged so that there will not be a
scarcity of partners for the men. This
Idea is a new one and should be a
great drawing card for the occasion.
The "jolly-upping" begins at 8:30 and
the admission is 50 cents.
All classes are invited to the fresh
man jolly-up tonight at Encina Hall.
With the four-piece jazz orchestra,
plenty of punch and cider, and the
large crowd which is sure to be pres
ent, the affair promises to bo a huge
success. The jolly-up committee has
arranged so that there will not be a
scarcity of partners for the men. This
Idea is a new one and should be a
great drawing card for the occasion.
The "jolly-upping" begins at 8:30 and
the admission is 50 cents.
All classes are invited to the fresh
man jolly-up tonight at Encina Hall.
With the four-piece jazz orchestra,
plenty of punch and cider, and the
large crowd which is sure to be pres
ent, the affair promises to bo a huge
success. The jolly-up committee has
arranged so that there will not be a
scarcity of partners for the men. This
Idea is a new one and should be a
great drawing card for the occasion.
The "jolly-upping" begins at 8:30 and
the admission is 50 cents.
All classes are invited to the fresh
man jolly-up tonight at Encina Hall.
With the four-piece jazz orchestra,
plenty of punch and cider, and the
large crowd which is sure to be pres
ent, the affair promises to bo a huge
success. The jolly-up committee has
arranged so that there will not be a
scarcity of partners for the men. This
Idea is a new one and should be a
great drawing card for the occasion.
The "jolly-upping" begins at 8:30 and
the admission is 50 cents.
All classes are invited to the fresh
man jolly-up tonight at Encina Hall.
With the four-piece jazz orchestra,
plenty of punch and cider, and the
large crowd which is sure to be pres
ent, the affair promises to bo a huge
success. The jolly-up committee has
arranged so that there will not be a
scarcity of partners for the men. This
Idea is a new one and should be a
great drawing card for the occasion.
The "jolly-upping" begins at 8:30 and
the admission is 50 cents.
All classes are invited to the fresh
man jolly-up tonight at Encina Hall.
With the four-piece jazz orchestra,
plenty of punch and cider, and the
large crowd which is sure to be pres
ent, the affair promises to bo a huge
success. The jolly-up committee has
arranged so that there will not be a
scarcity of partners for the men. This
Idea is a new one and should be a
great drawing card for the occasion.
The "jolly-upping" begins at 8:30 and
the admission is 50 cents.
All classes are invited to the fresh
man jolly-up tonight at Encina Hall.
With the four-piece jazz orchestra,
plenty of punch and cider, and the
large crowd which is sure to be pres
ent, the affair promises to bo a huge
success. The jolly-up committee has
arranged so that there will not be a
scarcity of partners for the men. This
Idea is a new one and should be a
great drawing card for the occasion.
The "jolly-upping" begins at 8:30 and
the admission is 50 cents.
All classes are invited to the fresh
man jolly-up tonight at Encina Hall.
With the four-piece jazz orchestra,
plenty of punch and cider, and the
large crowd which is sure to be pres
ent, the affair promises to bo a huge
success. The jolly-up committee has
arranged so that there will not be a
scarcity of partners for the men. This
Idea is a new one and should be a
great drawing card for the occasion.
The "jolly-upping" begins at 8:30 and
the admission is 50 cents.
All classes are invited to the fresh
man jolly-up tonight at Encina Hall.
With the four-piece jazz orchestra,
plenty of punch and cider, and the
large crowd which is sure to be pres
ent, the affair promises to bo a huge
success. The jolly-up committee has
arranged so that there will not be a
scarcity of partners for the men. This
Idea is a new one and should be a
great drawing card for the occasion.
The "jolly-upping" begins at 8:30 and
the admission is 50 cents.
All classes are invited to the fresh
man jolly-up tonight at Encina Hall.
With the four-piece jazz orchestra,
plenty of punch and cider, and the
large crowd which is sure to be pres
ent, the affair promises to bo a huge
success. The jolly-up committee has
arranged so that there will not be a
scarcity of partners for the men. This
Idea is a new one and should be a
great drawing card for the occasion.
The "jolly-upping" begins at 8:30 and
the admission is 50 cents.
All classes are invited to the fresh
man jolly-up tonight at Encina Hall.
With the four-piece jazz orchestra,
plenty of punch and cider, and the
large crowd which is sure to be pres
ent, the affair promises to bo a huge
success. The jolly-up committee has
arranged so that there will not be a
scarcity of partners for the men. This
Idea is a new one and should be a
great drawing card for the occasion.
The "jolly-upping" begins at 8:30 and
the admission is 50 cents.
All classes are invited to the fresh
man jolly-up tonight at Encina Hall.
With the four-piece jazz orchestra,
plenty of punch and cider, and the
large crowd which is sure to be pres
ent, the affair promises to bo a huge
success. The jolly-up committee has
arranged so that there will not be a
scarcity of partners for the men. This
Idea is a new one and should be a
great drawing card for the occasion.
The "jolly-upping" begins at 8:30 and
the admission is 50 cents.
All classes are invited to the fresh
man jolly-up tonight at Encina Hall.
With the four-piece jazz orchestra,
plenty of punch and cider, and the
large crowd which is sure to be pres
ent, the affair promises to bo a huge
success. The jolly-up committee has
arranged so that there will not be a
scarcity of partners for the men. This
Idea is a new one and should be a
great drawing card for the occasion.
The "jolly-upping" begins at 8:30 and
the admission is 50 cents.
All classes are invited to the fresh
man jolly-up tonight at Encina Hall.
With the four-piece jazz orchestra,
plenty of punch and cider, and the
large crowd which is sure to be pres
ent, the affair promises to bo a huge
success. The jolly-up committee has
arranged so that there will not be a
scarcity of partners for the men. This
Idea is a new one and should be a
great drawing card for the occasion.
The "jolly-upping" begins at 8:30 and
the admission is 50 cents.
All classes are invited to the fresh
man jolly-up tonight at Encina Hall.
With the four-piece jazz orchestra,
plenty of punch and cider, and the
large crowd which is sure to be pres
ent, the affair promises to bo a huge
success. The jolly-up committee has
arranged so that there will not be a
scarcity of partners for the men. This
Idea is a new one and should be a
great drawing card for the occasion.
The "jolly-upping" begins at 8:30 and
the admission is 50 cents.
All classes are invited to the fresh
man jolly-up tonight at Encina Hall.
With the four-piece jazz orchestra,
plenty of punch and cider, and the
large crowd which is sure to be pres
ent, the affair promises to bo a huge
success. The jolly-up committee has
arranged so that there will not be a
scarcity of partners for the men. This
Idea is a new one and should be a
great drawing card for the occasion.
The "jolly-upping" begins at 8:30 and
the admission is 50 cents.
