# EXPLORERS RECOVER HIDDEN MAYAN CITY
## 
### 
Carefully carved stone bridges, wide
highways, and the stone-faced terraces
of a hitherto undiscovered Mayan city
greeted tlie scientific expedition from
Tulane University, New Orleans,
prowling about in the backwoods re
gions of Mexico. This exploring party,
the third to leave Tulane, has already
the discovery of a twenty-century-old
city to its credit.
It is expected that this expedition
will yield as rich a supply of relics
and material evidence of the ancient
civilization as the two earlier trips.
Strangely distorted figures of Mayan
gods were encountered, also statues
of human figures. Rabbit heads, tur
tles, and frogs roughly hewn from
sandstone, bearing hieroglyphics of
mysterious import, were discovered.
There were also many temples and
ruined cities containing altars and
elaborate monuments.
Carefully carved stone bridges, wide
highways, and the stone-faced terraces
of a hitherto undiscovered Mayan city
greeted tlie scientific expedition from
Tulane University, New Orleans,
prowling about in the backwoods re
gions of Mexico. This exploring party,
the third to leave Tulane, has already
the discovery of a twenty-century-old
city to its credit.
It is expected that this expedition
will yield as rich a supply of relics
and material evidence of the ancient
civilization as the two earlier trips.
Strangely distorted figures of Mayan
gods were encountered, also statues
of human figures. Rabbit heads, tur
tles, and frogs roughly hewn from
sandstone, bearing hieroglyphics of
mysterious import, were discovered.
There were also many temples and
ruined cities containing altars and
elaborate monuments.
Carefully carved stone bridges, wide
highways, and the stone-faced terraces
of a hitherto undiscovered Mayan city
greeted tlie scientific expedition from
Tulane University, New Orleans,
prowling about in the backwoods re
gions of Mexico. This exploring party,
the third to leave Tulane, has already
the discovery of a twenty-century-old
city to its credit.
It is expected that this expedition
will yield as rich a supply of relics
and material evidence of the ancient
civilization as the two earlier trips.
Strangely distorted figures of Mayan
gods were encountered, also statues
of human figures. Rabbit heads, tur
tles, and frogs roughly hewn from
sandstone, bearing hieroglyphics of
mysterious import, were discovered.
There were also many temples and
ruined cities containing altars and
elaborate monuments.
Carefully carved stone bridges, wide
highways, and the stone-faced terraces
of a hitherto undiscovered Mayan city
greeted tlie scientific expedition from
Tulane University, New Orleans,
prowling about in the backwoods re
gions of Mexico. This exploring party,
the third to leave Tulane, has already
the discovery of a twenty-century-old
city to its credit.
It is expected that this expedition
will yield as rich a supply of relics
and material evidence of the ancient
civilization as the two earlier trips.
Strangely distorted figures of Mayan
gods were encountered, also statues
of human figures. Rabbit heads, tur
tles, and frogs roughly hewn from
sandstone, bearing hieroglyphics of
mysterious import, were discovered.
There were also many temples and
ruined cities containing altars and
elaborate monuments.
Carefully carved stone bridges, wide
highways, and the stone-faced terraces
of a hitherto undiscovered Mayan city
greeted tlie scientific expedition from
Tulane University, New Orleans,
prowling about in the backwoods re
gions of Mexico. This exploring party,
the third to leave Tulane, has already
the discovery of a twenty-century-old
city to its credit.
It is expected that this expedition
will yield as rich a supply of relics
and material evidence of the ancient
civilization as the two earlier trips.
Strangely distorted figures of Mayan
gods were encountered, also statues
of human figures. Rabbit heads, tur
tles, and frogs roughly hewn from
sandstone, bearing hieroglyphics of
mysterious import, were discovered.
There were also many temples and
ruined cities containing altars and
elaborate monuments.
Carefully carved stone bridges, wide
highways, and the stone-faced terraces
of a hitherto undiscovered Mayan city
greeted tlie scientific expedition from
Tulane University, New Orleans,
prowling about in the backwoods re
gions of Mexico. This exploring party,
the third to leave Tulane, has already
the discovery of a twenty-century-old
city to its credit.
It is expected that this expedition
will yield as rich a supply of relics
and material evidence of the ancient
civilization as the two earlier trips.
Strangely distorted figures of Mayan
gods were encountered, also statues
of human figures. Rabbit heads, tur
tles, and frogs roughly hewn from
sandstone, bearing hieroglyphics of
mysterious import, were discovered.
There were also many temples and
ruined cities containing altars and
elaborate monuments.
Carefully carved stone bridges, wide
highways, and the stone-faced terraces
of a hitherto undiscovered Mayan city
greeted tlie scientific expedition from
Tulane University, New Orleans,
prowling about in the backwoods re
gions of Mexico. This exploring party,
the third to leave Tulane, has already
the discovery of a twenty-century-old
city to its credit.
It is expected that this expedition
will yield as rich a supply of relics
and material evidence of the ancient
civilization as the two earlier trips.
Strangely distorted figures of Mayan
gods were encountered, also statues
of human figures. Rabbit heads, tur
tles, and frogs roughly hewn from
sandstone, bearing hieroglyphics of
mysterious import, were discovered.
There were also many temples and
ruined cities containing altars and
elaborate monuments.
Carefully carved stone bridges, wide
highways, and the stone-faced terraces
of a hitherto undiscovered Mayan city
greeted tlie scientific expedition from
Tulane University, New Orleans,
prowling about in the backwoods re
gions of Mexico. This exploring party,
the third to leave Tulane, has already
the discovery of a twenty-century-old
city to its credit.
It is expected that this expedition
will yield as rich a supply of relics
and material evidence of the ancient
civilization as the two earlier trips.
Strangely distorted figures of Mayan
gods were encountered, also statues
of human figures. Rabbit heads, tur
tles, and frogs roughly hewn from
sandstone, bearing hieroglyphics of
mysterious import, were discovered.
There were also many temples and
ruined cities containing altars and
elaborate monuments.
Carefully carved stone bridges, wide
highways, and the stone-faced terraces
of a hitherto undiscovered Mayan city
greeted tlie scientific expedition from
Tulane University, New Orleans,
prowling about in the backwoods re
gions of Mexico. This exploring party,
the third to leave Tulane, has already
the discovery of a twenty-century-old
city to its credit.
It is expected that this expedition
will yield as rich a supply of relics
and material evidence of the ancient
civilization as the two earlier trips.
Strangely distorted figures of Mayan
gods were encountered, also statues
of human figures. Rabbit heads, tur
tles, and frogs roughly hewn from
sandstone, bearing hieroglyphics of
mysterious import, were discovered.
There were also many temples and
ruined cities containing altars and
elaborate monuments.
Carefully carved stone bridges, wide
highways, and the stone-faced terraces
of a hitherto undiscovered Mayan city
greeted tlie scientific expedition from
Tulane University, New Orleans,
prowling about in the backwoods re
gions of Mexico. This exploring party,
the third to leave Tulane, has already
the discovery of a twenty-century-old
city to its credit.
It is expected that this expedition
will yield as rich a supply of relics
and material evidence of the ancient
civilization as the two earlier trips.
Strangely distorted figures of Mayan
gods were encountered, also statues
of human figures. Rabbit heads, tur
tles, and frogs roughly hewn from
sandstone, bearing hieroglyphics of
mysterious import, were discovered.
There were also many temples and
ruined cities containing altars and
elaborate monuments.
Carefully carved stone bridges, wide
highways, and the stone-faced terraces
of a hitherto undiscovered Mayan city
greeted tlie scientific expedition from
Tulane University, New Orleans,
prowling about in the backwoods re
gions of Mexico. This exploring party,
the third to leave Tulane, has already
the discovery of a twenty-century-old
city to its credit.
It is expected that this expedition
will yield as rich a supply of relics
and material evidence of the ancient
civilization as the two earlier trips.
Strangely distorted figures of Mayan
gods were encountered, also statues
of human figures. Rabbit heads, tur
tles, and frogs roughly hewn from
sandstone, bearing hieroglyphics of
mysterious import, were discovered.
There were also many temples and
ruined cities containing altars and
elaborate monuments.
Carefully carved stone bridges, wide
highways, and the stone-faced terraces
of a hitherto undiscovered Mayan city
greeted tlie scientific expedition from
Tulane University, New Orleans,
prowling about in the backwoods re
gions of Mexico. This exploring party,
the third to leave Tulane, has already
the discovery of a twenty-century-old
city to its credit.
It is expected that this expedition
will yield as rich a supply of relics
and material evidence of the ancient
civilization as the two earlier trips.
Strangely distorted figures of Mayan
gods were encountered, also statues
of human figures. Rabbit heads, tur
tles, and frogs roughly hewn from
sandstone, bearing hieroglyphics of
mysterious import, were discovered.
There were also many temples and
ruined cities containing altars and
elaborate monuments.
Carefully carved stone bridges, wide
highways, and the stone-faced terraces
of a hitherto undiscovered Mayan city
greeted tlie scientific expedition from
Tulane University, New Orleans,
prowling about in the backwoods re
gions of Mexico. This exploring party,
the third to leave Tulane, has already
the discovery of a twenty-century-old
city to its credit.
It is expected that this expedition
will yield as rich a supply of relics
and material evidence of the ancient
civilization as the two earlier trips.
Strangely distorted figures of Mayan
gods were encountered, also statues
of human figures. Rabbit heads, tur
tles, and frogs roughly hewn from
sandstone, bearing hieroglyphics of
mysterious import, were discovered.
There were also many temples and
ruined cities containing altars and
elaborate monuments.
Carefully carved stone bridges, wide
highways, and the stone-faced terraces
of a hitherto undiscovered Mayan city
greeted tlie scientific expedition from
Tulane University, New Orleans,
prowling about in the backwoods re
gions of Mexico. This exploring party,
the third to leave Tulane, has already
the discovery of a twenty-century-old
city to its credit.
It is expected that this expedition
will yield as rich a supply of relics
and material evidence of the ancient
civilization as the two earlier trips.
Strangely distorted figures of Mayan
gods were encountered, also statues
of human figures. Rabbit heads, tur
tles, and frogs roughly hewn from
sandstone, bearing hieroglyphics of
mysterious import, were discovered.
There were also many temples and
ruined cities containing altars and
elaborate monuments.
Carefully carved stone bridges, wide
highways, and the stone-faced terraces
of a hitherto undiscovered Mayan city
greeted tlie scientific expedition from
Tulane University, New Orleans,
prowling about in the backwoods re
gions of Mexico. This exploring party,
the third to leave Tulane, has already
the discovery of a twenty-century-old
city to its credit.
It is expected that this expedition
will yield as rich a supply of relics
and material evidence of the ancient
civilization as the two earlier trips.
Strangely distorted figures of Mayan
gods were encountered, also statues
of human figures. Rabbit heads, tur
tles, and frogs roughly hewn from
sandstone, bearing hieroglyphics of
mysterious import, were discovered.
There were also many temples and
ruined cities containing altars and
elaborate monuments.
