# DAILY OPENS NEW SIX-WEEK TRYOUTS AT MEETING TODAY
## 
### 
Editorial staff tryoutees for the
Stanford Daily will meet in the
newspaper office at 12:45 o'clock
today to begin work for the six
weeks' trvout. Instructions and
assignments will be given out im
mediately, and those interested
will have every chance to make
the regular staff.
Freshman women who cannot
attend today's meeting because
of rushing engagements may ar
range for special appointments
with Fred Speers, managing edi
tor, who is conducting the try
outs. First- and second-year stu
dents are especially desired, and
advancement to permanent posi
tions will depend entirely upon
the quality of work turned in and
interest shown.
