# the bullsession
## 
### 
THIS WICKED LIFE
As if the Mosaic admonition were
not sufficient, Dr. Edwin A. Alderman,
president of the University of Vir
ginia, has just compiled a new list of
the five greatest temptations of the
past twenty years. They are, he says,
the automobile, the radio, the movies,
salacious productions, and college
sports.
On the face of it, the problem of
leading a moral life should be well on
its way toward becoming less difficult.
How can college sports, salacious pub
lications, the automobile, the movies,
and the radio expect to compete in
point of interest with lying, blas
phemy, stealing, murder, and adultery?
* * id
FUNNY CUT TRUE
Will Rogers, noted humorist, recent

ly expressed an opinion on college life.
Like most of Will Rogers' opinions,
this one had a large amount of truth
in it, intentionally concealed beneath
a vein of facetioueness. The "poet
lariat" stated in an interview that he
thought "fewer dances and football
games might give the youngsters more
time to play."
It is a fact that college sports, start
ing as a form of recreation, have be
come a major pursuit. The athlete is
a specialist, and he must look else
where than to his sports for relaxa
tion, mental and physical. In the same
way, the average college dance has
become an elaborate affair that en
tails an amount of work out of all
proportion to the entertainment it af
fords.
THIS WICKED LIFE
As if the Mosaic admonition were
not sufficient, Dr. Edwin A. Alderman,
president of the University of Vir
ginia, has just compiled a new list of
the five greatest temptations of the
past twenty years. They are, he says,
the automobile, the radio, the movies,
salacious productions, and college
sports.
On the face of it, the problem of
leading a moral life should be well on
its way toward becoming less difficult.
How can college sports, salacious pub
lications, the automobile, the movies,
and the radio expect to compete in
point of interest with lying, blas
phemy, stealing, murder, and adultery?
* * id
FUNNY CUT TRUE
Will Rogers, noted humorist, recent

ly expressed an opinion on college life.
Like most of Will Rogers' opinions,
this one had a large amount of truth
in it, intentionally concealed beneath
a vein of facetioueness. The "poet
lariat" stated in an interview that he
thought "fewer dances and football
games might give the youngsters more
time to play."
It is a fact that college sports, start
ing as a form of recreation, have be
come a major pursuit. The athlete is
a specialist, and he must look else
where than to his sports for relaxa
tion, mental and physical. In the same
way, the average college dance has
become an elaborate affair that en
tails an amount of work out of all
proportion to the entertainment it af
fords.
THIS WICKED LIFE
As if the Mosaic admonition were
not sufficient, Dr. Edwin A. Alderman,
president of the University of Vir
ginia, has just compiled a new list of
the five greatest temptations of the
past twenty years. They are, he says,
the automobile, the radio, the movies,
salacious productions, and college
sports.
On the face of it, the problem of
leading a moral life should be well on
its way toward becoming less difficult.
How can college sports, salacious pub
lications, the automobile, the movies,
and the radio expect to compete in
point of interest with lying, blas
phemy, stealing, murder, and adultery?
* * id
FUNNY CUT TRUE
Will Rogers, noted humorist, recent

ly expressed an opinion on college life.
Like most of Will Rogers' opinions,
this one had a large amount of truth
in it, intentionally concealed beneath
a vein of facetioueness. The "poet
lariat" stated in an interview that he
thought "fewer dances and football
games might give the youngsters more
time to play."
It is a fact that college sports, start
ing as a form of recreation, have be
come a major pursuit. The athlete is
a specialist, and he must look else
where than to his sports for relaxa
tion, mental and physical. In the same
way, the average college dance has
become an elaborate affair that en
tails an amount of work out of all
proportion to the entertainment it af
fords.
THIS WICKED LIFE
As if the Mosaic admonition were
not sufficient, Dr. Edwin A. Alderman,
president of the University of Vir
ginia, has just compiled a new list of
the five greatest temptations of the
past twenty years. They are, he says,
the automobile, the radio, the movies,
salacious productions, and college
sports.
On the face of it, the problem of
leading a moral life should be well on
its way toward becoming less difficult.
How can college sports, salacious pub
lications, the automobile, the movies,
and the radio expect to compete in
point of interest with lying, blas
phemy, stealing, murder, and adultery?
* * id
FUNNY CUT TRUE
Will Rogers, noted humorist, recent

ly expressed an opinion on college life.
Like most of Will Rogers' opinions,
this one had a large amount of truth
in it, intentionally concealed beneath
a vein of facetioueness. The "poet
lariat" stated in an interview that he
thought "fewer dances and football
games might give the youngsters more
time to play."
It is a fact that college sports, start
ing as a form of recreation, have be
come a major pursuit. The athlete is
a specialist, and he must look else
where than to his sports for relaxa
tion, mental and physical. In the same
way, the average college dance has
become an elaborate affair that en
tails an amount of work out of all
proportion to the entertainment it af
fords.
THIS WICKED LIFE
As if the Mosaic admonition were
not sufficient, Dr. Edwin A. Alderman,
president of the University of Vir
ginia, has just compiled a new list of
the five greatest temptations of the
past twenty years. They are, he says,
the automobile, the radio, the movies,
salacious productions, and college
sports.
On the face of it, the problem of
leading a moral life should be well on
its way toward becoming less difficult.
How can college sports, salacious pub
lications, the automobile, the movies,
and the radio expect to compete in
point of interest with lying, blas
phemy, stealing, murder, and adultery?
* * id
FUNNY CUT TRUE
Will Rogers, noted humorist, recent

ly expressed an opinion on college life.
Like most of Will Rogers' opinions,
this one had a large amount of truth
in it, intentionally concealed beneath
a vein of facetioueness. The "poet
lariat" stated in an interview that he
thought "fewer dances and football
games might give the youngsters more
time to play."
It is a fact that college sports, start
ing as a form of recreation, have be
come a major pursuit. The athlete is
a specialist, and he must look else
where than to his sports for relaxa
tion, mental and physical. In the same
way, the average college dance has
become an elaborate affair that en
tails an amount of work out of all
proportion to the entertainment it af
fords.
THIS WICKED LIFE
As if the Mosaic admonition were
not sufficient, Dr. Edwin A. Alderman,
president of the University of Vir
ginia, has just compiled a new list of
the five greatest temptations of the
past twenty years. They are, he says,
the automobile, the radio, the movies,
salacious productions, and college
sports.
On the face of it, the problem of
leading a moral life should be well on
its way toward becoming less difficult.
How can college sports, salacious pub
lications, the automobile, the movies,
and the radio expect to compete in
point of interest with lying, blas
phemy, stealing, murder, and adultery?
* * id
FUNNY CUT TRUE
Will Rogers, noted humorist, recent

ly expressed an opinion on college life.
Like most of Will Rogers' opinions,
this one had a large amount of truth
in it, intentionally concealed beneath
a vein of facetioueness. The "poet
lariat" stated in an interview that he
thought "fewer dances and football
games might give the youngsters more
time to play."
It is a fact that college sports, start
ing as a form of recreation, have be
come a major pursuit. The athlete is
a specialist, and he must look else
where than to his sports for relaxa
tion, mental and physical. In the same
way, the average college dance has
become an elaborate affair that en
tails an amount of work out of all
proportion to the entertainment it af
fords.
THIS WICKED LIFE
As if the Mosaic admonition were
not sufficient, Dr. Edwin A. Alderman,
president of the University of Vir
ginia, has just compiled a new list of
the five greatest temptations of the
past twenty years. They are, he says,
the automobile, the radio, the movies,
salacious productions, and college
sports.
On the face of it, the problem of
leading a moral life should be well on
its way toward becoming less difficult.
How can college sports, salacious pub
lications, the automobile, the movies,
and the radio expect to compete in
point of interest with lying, blas
phemy, stealing, murder, and adultery?
* * id
FUNNY CUT TRUE
Will Rogers, noted humorist, recent

ly expressed an opinion on college life.
Like most of Will Rogers' opinions,
this one had a large amount of truth
in it, intentionally concealed beneath
a vein of facetioueness. The "poet
lariat" stated in an interview that he
thought "fewer dances and football
games might give the youngsters more
time to play."
It is a fact that college sports, start
ing as a form of recreation, have be
come a major pursuit. The athlete is
a specialist, and he must look else
where than to his sports for relaxa
tion, mental and physical. In the same
way, the average college dance has
become an elaborate affair that en
tails an amount of work out of all
proportion to the entertainment it af
fords.
THIS WICKED LIFE
As if the Mosaic admonition were
not sufficient, Dr. Edwin A. Alderman,
president of the University of Vir
ginia, has just compiled a new list of
the five greatest temptations of the
past twenty years. They are, he says,
the automobile, the radio, the movies,
salacious productions, and college
sports.
On the face of it, the problem of
leading a moral life should be well on
its way toward becoming less difficult.
How can college sports, salacious pub
lications, the automobile, the movies,
and the radio expect to compete in
point of interest with lying, blas
phemy, stealing, murder, and adultery?
* * id
FUNNY CUT TRUE
Will Rogers, noted humorist, recent

ly expressed an opinion on college life.
Like most of Will Rogers' opinions,
this one had a large amount of truth
in it, intentionally concealed beneath
a vein of facetioueness. The "poet
lariat" stated in an interview that he
thought "fewer dances and football
games might give the youngsters more
time to play."
It is a fact that college sports, start
ing as a form of recreation, have be
come a major pursuit. The athlete is
a specialist, and he must look else
where than to his sports for relaxa
tion, mental and physical. In the same
way, the average college dance has
become an elaborate affair that en
tails an amount of work out of all
proportion to the entertainment it af
fords.
THIS WICKED LIFE
As if the Mosaic admonition were
not sufficient, Dr. Edwin A. Alderman,
president of the University of Vir
ginia, has just compiled a new list of
the five greatest temptations of the
past twenty years. They are, he says,
the automobile, the radio, the movies,
salacious productions, and college
sports.
On the face of it, the problem of
leading a moral life should be well on
its way toward becoming less difficult.
How can college sports, salacious pub
lications, the automobile, the movies,
and the radio expect to compete in
point of interest with lying, blas
phemy, stealing, murder, and adultery?
* * id
FUNNY CUT TRUE
Will Rogers, noted humorist, recent

ly expressed an opinion on college life.
Like most of Will Rogers' opinions,
this one had a large amount of truth
in it, intentionally concealed beneath
a vein of facetioueness. The "poet
lariat" stated in an interview that he
thought "fewer dances and football
games might give the youngsters more
time to play."
It is a fact that college sports, start
ing as a form of recreation, have be
come a major pursuit. The athlete is
a specialist, and he must look else
where than to his sports for relaxa
tion, mental and physical. In the same
way, the average college dance has
become an elaborate affair that en
tails an amount of work out of all
proportion to the entertainment it af
fords.
THIS WICKED LIFE
As if the Mosaic admonition were
not sufficient, Dr. Edwin A. Alderman,
president of the University of Vir
ginia, has just compiled a new list of
the five greatest temptations of the
past twenty years. They are, he says,
the automobile, the radio, the movies,
salacious productions, and college
sports.
On the face of it, the problem of
leading a moral life should be well on
its way toward becoming less difficult.
How can college sports, salacious pub
lications, the automobile, the movies,
and the radio expect to compete in
point of interest with lying, blas
phemy, stealing, murder, and adultery?
* * id
FUNNY CUT TRUE
Will Rogers, noted humorist, recent

ly expressed an opinion on college life.
Like most of Will Rogers' opinions,
this one had a large amount of truth
in it, intentionally concealed beneath
a vein of facetioueness. The "poet
lariat" stated in an interview that he
thought "fewer dances and football
games might give the youngsters more
time to play."
It is a fact that college sports, start
ing as a form of recreation, have be
come a major pursuit. The athlete is
a specialist, and he must look else
where than to his sports for relaxa
tion, mental and physical. In the same
way, the average college dance has
become an elaborate affair that en
tails an amount of work out of all
proportion to the entertainment it af
fords.
THIS WICKED LIFE
As if the Mosaic admonition were
not sufficient, Dr. Edwin A. Alderman,
president of the University of Vir
ginia, has just compiled a new list of
the five greatest temptations of the
past twenty years. They are, he says,
the automobile, the radio, the movies,
salacious productions, and college
sports.
On the face of it, the problem of
leading a moral life should be well on
its way toward becoming less difficult.
How can college sports, salacious pub
lications, the automobile, the movies,
and the radio expect to compete in
point of interest with lying, blas
phemy, stealing, murder, and adultery?
* * id
FUNNY CUT TRUE
Will Rogers, noted humorist, recent

ly expressed an opinion on college life.
Like most of Will Rogers' opinions,
this one had a large amount of truth
in it, intentionally concealed beneath
a vein of facetioueness. The "poet
lariat" stated in an interview that he
thought "fewer dances and football
games might give the youngsters more
time to play."
It is a fact that college sports, start
ing as a form of recreation, have be
come a major pursuit. The athlete is
a specialist, and he must look else
where than to his sports for relaxa
tion, mental and physical. In the same
way, the average college dance has
become an elaborate affair that en
tails an amount of work out of all
proportion to the entertainment it af
fords.
THIS WICKED LIFE
As if the Mosaic admonition were
not sufficient, Dr. Edwin A. Alderman,
president of the University of Vir
ginia, has just compiled a new list of
the five greatest temptations of the
past twenty years. They are, he says,
the automobile, the radio, the movies,
salacious productions, and college
sports.
On the face of it, the problem of
leading a moral life should be well on
its way toward becoming less difficult.
How can college sports, salacious pub
lications, the automobile, the movies,
and the radio expect to compete in
point of interest with lying, blas
phemy, stealing, murder, and adultery?
* * id
FUNNY CUT TRUE
Will Rogers, noted humorist, recent

ly expressed an opinion on college life.
Like most of Will Rogers' opinions,
this one had a large amount of truth
in it, intentionally concealed beneath
a vein of facetioueness. The "poet
lariat" stated in an interview that he
thought "fewer dances and football
games might give the youngsters more
time to play."
It is a fact that college sports, start
ing as a form of recreation, have be
come a major pursuit. The athlete is
a specialist, and he must look else
where than to his sports for relaxa
tion, mental and physical. In the same
way, the average college dance has
become an elaborate affair that en
tails an amount of work out of all
proportion to the entertainment it af
fords.
THIS WICKED LIFE
As if the Mosaic admonition were
not sufficient, Dr. Edwin A. Alderman,
president of the University of Vir
ginia, has just compiled a new list of
the five greatest temptations of the
past twenty years. They are, he says,
the automobile, the radio, the movies,
salacious productions, and college
sports.
On the face of it, the problem of
leading a moral life should be well on
its way toward becoming less difficult.
How can college sports, salacious pub
lications, the automobile, the movies,
and the radio expect to compete in
point of interest with lying, blas
phemy, stealing, murder, and adultery?
* * id
FUNNY CUT TRUE
Will Rogers, noted humorist, recent

ly expressed an opinion on college life.
Like most of Will Rogers' opinions,
this one had a large amount of truth
in it, intentionally concealed beneath
a vein of facetioueness. The "poet
lariat" stated in an interview that he
thought "fewer dances and football
games might give the youngsters more
time to play."
It is a fact that college sports, start
ing as a form of recreation, have be
come a major pursuit. The athlete is
a specialist, and he must look else
where than to his sports for relaxa
tion, mental and physical. In the same
way, the average college dance has
become an elaborate affair that en
tails an amount of work out of all
proportion to the entertainment it af
fords.
THIS WICKED LIFE
As if the Mosaic admonition were
not sufficient, Dr. Edwin A. Alderman,
president of the University of Vir
ginia, has just compiled a new list of
the five greatest temptations of the
past twenty years. They are, he says,
the automobile, the radio, the movies,
salacious productions, and college
sports.
On the face of it, the problem of
leading a moral life should be well on
its way toward becoming less difficult.
How can college sports, salacious pub
lications, the automobile, the movies,
and the radio expect to compete in
point of interest with lying, blas
phemy, stealing, murder, and adultery?
* * id
FUNNY CUT TRUE
Will Rogers, noted humorist, recent

ly expressed an opinion on college life.
Like most of Will Rogers' opinions,
this one had a large amount of truth
in it, intentionally concealed beneath
a vein of facetioueness. The "poet
lariat" stated in an interview that he
thought "fewer dances and football
games might give the youngsters more
time to play."
It is a fact that college sports, start
ing as a form of recreation, have be
come a major pursuit. The athlete is
a specialist, and he must look else
where than to his sports for relaxa
tion, mental and physical. In the same
way, the average college dance has
become an elaborate affair that en
tails an amount of work out of all
proportion to the entertainment it af
fords.
THIS WICKED LIFE
As if the Mosaic admonition were
not sufficient, Dr. Edwin A. Alderman,
president of the University of Vir
ginia, has just compiled a new list of
the five greatest temptations of the
past twenty years. They are, he says,
the automobile, the radio, the movies,
salacious productions, and college
sports.
On the face of it, the problem of
leading a moral life should be well on
its way toward becoming less difficult.
How can college sports, salacious pub
lications, the automobile, the movies,
and the radio expect to compete in
point of interest with lying, blas
phemy, stealing, murder, and adultery?
* * id
FUNNY CUT TRUE
Will Rogers, noted humorist, recent

ly expressed an opinion on college life.
Like most of Will Rogers' opinions,
this one had a large amount of truth
in it, intentionally concealed beneath
a vein of facetioueness. The "poet
lariat" stated in an interview that he
thought "fewer dances and football
games might give the youngsters more
time to play."
It is a fact that college sports, start
ing as a form of recreation, have be
come a major pursuit. The athlete is
a specialist, and he must look else
where than to his sports for relaxa
tion, mental and physical. In the same
way, the average college dance has
become an elaborate affair that en
tails an amount of work out of all
proportion to the entertainment it af
fords.
