# Bear-Cardinal Track News To Be Telegraphed to East
## 
### 
Telegraphic news from the Stanford-
California track meet will be received
by about two hundred Stanford people
from New York, New Jersey, and Con
necticut at a dinner that night given
by the New York Stanford Club the
night of the meet.
Dinner will be served at 7 o'clock in
the ballroom of the International
House, New York City. Telegrams re
porting the progress of the meet will
be read during the dinner.
Telegraphic news from the Stanford-
California track meet will be received
by about two hundred Stanford people
from New York, New Jersey, and Con
necticut at a dinner that night given
by the New York Stanford Club the
night of the meet.
Dinner will be served at 7 o'clock in
the ballroom of the International
House, New York City. Telegrams re
porting the progress of the meet will
be read during the dinner.
Telegraphic news from the Stanford-
California track meet will be received
by about two hundred Stanford people
from New York, New Jersey, and Con
necticut at a dinner that night given
by the New York Stanford Club the
night of the meet.
Dinner will be served at 7 o'clock in
the ballroom of the International
House, New York City. Telegrams re
porting the progress of the meet will
be read during the dinner.
Telegraphic news from the Stanford-
California track meet will be received
by about two hundred Stanford people
from New York, New Jersey, and Con
necticut at a dinner that night given
by the New York Stanford Club the
night of the meet.
Dinner will be served at 7 o'clock in
the ballroom of the International
House, New York City. Telegrams re
porting the progress of the meet will
be read during the dinner.
Telegraphic news from the Stanford-
California track meet will be received
by about two hundred Stanford people
from New York, New Jersey, and Con
necticut at a dinner that night given
by the New York Stanford Club the
night of the meet.
Dinner will be served at 7 o'clock in
the ballroom of the International
House, New York City. Telegrams re
porting the progress of the meet will
be read during the dinner.
Telegraphic news from the Stanford-
California track meet will be received
by about two hundred Stanford people
from New York, New Jersey, and Con
necticut at a dinner that night given
by the New York Stanford Club the
night of the meet.
Dinner will be served at 7 o'clock in
the ballroom of the International
House, New York City. Telegrams re
porting the progress of the meet will
be read during the dinner.
Telegraphic news from the Stanford-
California track meet will be received
by about two hundred Stanford people
from New York, New Jersey, and Con
necticut at a dinner that night given
by the New York Stanford Club the
night of the meet.
Dinner will be served at 7 o'clock in
the ballroom of the International
House, New York City. Telegrams re
porting the progress of the meet will
be read during the dinner.
Telegraphic news from the Stanford-
California track meet will be received
by about two hundred Stanford people
from New York, New Jersey, and Con
necticut at a dinner that night given
by the New York Stanford Club the
night of the meet.
Dinner will be served at 7 o'clock in
the ballroom of the International
House, New York City. Telegrams re
porting the progress of the meet will
be read during the dinner.
Telegraphic news from the Stanford-
California track meet will be received
by about two hundred Stanford people
from New York, New Jersey, and Con
necticut at a dinner that night given
by the New York Stanford Club the
night of the meet.
Dinner will be served at 7 o'clock in
the ballroom of the International
House, New York City. Telegrams re
porting the progress of the meet will
be read during the dinner.
Telegraphic news from the Stanford-
California track meet will be received
by about two hundred Stanford people
from New York, New Jersey, and Con
necticut at a dinner that night given
by the New York Stanford Club the
night of the meet.
Dinner will be served at 7 o'clock in
the ballroom of the International
House, New York City. Telegrams re
porting the progress of the meet will
be read during the dinner.
Telegraphic news from the Stanford-
California track meet will be received
by about two hundred Stanford people
from New York, New Jersey, and Con
necticut at a dinner that night given
by the New York Stanford Club the
night of the meet.
Dinner will be served at 7 o'clock in
the ballroom of the International
House, New York City. Telegrams re
porting the progress of the meet will
be read during the dinner.
Telegraphic news from the Stanford-
California track meet will be received
by about two hundred Stanford people
from New York, New Jersey, and Con
necticut at a dinner that night given
by the New York Stanford Club the
night of the meet.
Dinner will be served at 7 o'clock in
the ballroom of the International
House, New York City. Telegrams re
porting the progress of the meet will
be read during the dinner.
Telegraphic news from the Stanford-
California track meet will be received
by about two hundred Stanford people
from New York, New Jersey, and Con
necticut at a dinner that night given
by the New York Stanford Club the
night of the meet.
Dinner will be served at 7 o'clock in
the ballroom of the International
House, New York City. Telegrams re
porting the progress of the meet will
be read during the dinner.
Telegraphic news from the Stanford-
California track meet will be received
by about two hundred Stanford people
from New York, New Jersey, and Con
necticut at a dinner that night given
by the New York Stanford Club the
night of the meet.
Dinner will be served at 7 o'clock in
the ballroom of the International
House, New York City. Telegrams re
porting the progress of the meet will
be read during the dinner.
Telegraphic news from the Stanford-
California track meet will be received
by about two hundred Stanford people
from New York, New Jersey, and Con
necticut at a dinner that night given
by the New York Stanford Club the
night of the meet.
Dinner will be served at 7 o'clock in
the ballroom of the International
House, New York City. Telegrams re
porting the progress of the meet will
be read during the dinner.
