# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Oberlin College recently ruled that
courses completed with a grade of D
cannot be counted toward a student's
major.
Oberlin College recently ruled that
courses completed with a grade of D
cannot be counted toward a student's
major.
Oberlin College recently ruled that
courses completed with a grade of D
cannot be counted toward a student's
major.
Oberlin College recently ruled that
courses completed with a grade of D
cannot be counted toward a student's
major.
Oberlin College recently ruled that
courses completed with a grade of D
cannot be counted toward a student's
major.
Oberlin College recently ruled that
courses completed with a grade of D
cannot be counted toward a student's
major.
Oberlin College recently ruled that
courses completed with a grade of D
cannot be counted toward a student's
major.
Oberlin College recently ruled that
courses completed with a grade of D
cannot be counted toward a student's
major.
Oberlin College recently ruled that
courses completed with a grade of D
cannot be counted toward a student's
major.
Oberlin College recently ruled that
courses completed with a grade of D
cannot be counted toward a student's
major.
Oberlin College recently ruled that
courses completed with a grade of D
cannot be counted toward a student's
major.
Oberlin College recently ruled that
courses completed with a grade of D
cannot be counted toward a student's
major.
Oberlin College recently ruled that
courses completed with a grade of D
cannot be counted toward a student's
major.
Oberlin College recently ruled that
courses completed with a grade of D
cannot be counted toward a student's
major.
Oberlin College recently ruled that
courses completed with a grade of D
cannot be counted toward a student's
major.
