# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Three complete crews will be sent
to Foughkeepsie from the University
of Washington to take part in the
Intercollegiate Regatta this year.
Three complete crews will be sent
to Foughkeepsie from the University
of Washington to take part in the
Intercollegiate Regatta this year.
Three complete crews will be sent
to Foughkeepsie from the University
of Washington to take part in the
Intercollegiate Regatta this year.
Three complete crews will be sent
to Foughkeepsie from the University
of Washington to take part in the
Intercollegiate Regatta this year.
Three complete crews will be sent
to Foughkeepsie from the University
of Washington to take part in the
Intercollegiate Regatta this year.
Three complete crews will be sent
to Foughkeepsie from the University
of Washington to take part in the
Intercollegiate Regatta this year.
Three complete crews will be sent
to Foughkeepsie from the University
of Washington to take part in the
Intercollegiate Regatta this year.
Three complete crews will be sent
to Foughkeepsie from the University
of Washington to take part in the
Intercollegiate Regatta this year.
Three complete crews will be sent
to Foughkeepsie from the University
of Washington to take part in the
Intercollegiate Regatta this year.
Three complete crews will be sent
to Foughkeepsie from the University
of Washington to take part in the
Intercollegiate Regatta this year.
Three complete crews will be sent
to Foughkeepsie from the University
of Washington to take part in the
Intercollegiate Regatta this year.
Three complete crews will be sent
to Foughkeepsie from the University
of Washington to take part in the
Intercollegiate Regatta this year.
Three complete crews will be sent
to Foughkeepsie from the University
of Washington to take part in the
Intercollegiate Regatta this year.
Three complete crews will be sent
to Foughkeepsie from the University
of Washington to take part in the
Intercollegiate Regatta this year.
Three complete crews will be sent
to Foughkeepsie from the University
of Washington to take part in the
Intercollegiate Regatta this year.
