# FOUR LONG STORIES TO APPEAR IN APRIL LITERARY MAGAZINE
## Moods of Stories Appearing Vary From Humorous to The Fantastical 
### 
Instead of several short stories that
are customarily published in The Stan
ford Literary Magazine, only four of
greater length than usual are con
tained in the April issue of the maga
zine, which will be mailed to sub
scribers today. The moods of the tales
vary from the humorous and fantastic
to the adventurous and serious.
In "The Surprise Party," Marshall
Somerville lightly exposes a modern
college girl who likes a thrill, an ex
pensive fur coat, and a gallant burg
lar. "Sycamore," by Margaret Olsen,
shows how a Middle Western man's
obsession for a tree that was planted
by his ancestors warps his and his
family's lives.
A backwoodsman's weird adventures
with a wife and her husband in-their
lone shack on the desert furnish the
plot for Leonard Schwartz's "Speaking
of Matrimony." And in "It All De
pends," by Jack Shoup, an inexperi
enced college youth makes his first
and last acquaintance with a burglar
who is also a convincing debater.
Instead of several short stories that
are customarily published in The Stan
ford Literary Magazine, only four of
greater length than usual are con
tained in the April issue of the maga
zine, which will be mailed to sub
scribers today. The moods of the tales
vary from the humorous and fantastic
to the adventurous and serious.
In "The Surprise Party," Marshall
Somerville lightly exposes a modern
college girl who likes a thrill, an ex
pensive fur coat, and a gallant burg
lar. "Sycamore," by Margaret Olsen,
shows how a Middle Western man's
obsession for a tree that was planted
by his ancestors warps his and his
family's lives.
A backwoodsman's weird adventures
with a wife and her husband in-their
lone shack on the desert furnish the
plot for Leonard Schwartz's "Speaking
of Matrimony." And in "It All De
pends," by Jack Shoup, an inexperi
enced college youth makes his first
and last acquaintance with a burglar
who is also a convincing debater.
Instead of several short stories that
are customarily published in The Stan
ford Literary Magazine, only four of
greater length than usual are con
tained in the April issue of the maga
zine, which will be mailed to sub
scribers today. The moods of the tales
vary from the humorous and fantastic
to the adventurous and serious.
In "The Surprise Party," Marshall
Somerville lightly exposes a modern
college girl who likes a thrill, an ex
pensive fur coat, and a gallant burg
lar. "Sycamore," by Margaret Olsen,
shows how a Middle Western man's
obsession for a tree that was planted
by his ancestors warps his and his
family's lives.
A backwoodsman's weird adventures
with a wife and her husband in-their
lone shack on the desert furnish the
plot for Leonard Schwartz's "Speaking
of Matrimony." And in "It All De
pends," by Jack Shoup, an inexperi
enced college youth makes his first
and last acquaintance with a burglar
who is also a convincing debater.
Instead of several short stories that
are customarily published in The Stan
ford Literary Magazine, only four of
greater length than usual are con
tained in the April issue of the maga
zine, which will be mailed to sub
scribers today. The moods of the tales
vary from the humorous and fantastic
to the adventurous and serious.
In "The Surprise Party," Marshall
Somerville lightly exposes a modern
college girl who likes a thrill, an ex
pensive fur coat, and a gallant burg
lar. "Sycamore," by Margaret Olsen,
shows how a Middle Western man's
obsession for a tree that was planted
by his ancestors warps his and his
family's lives.
A backwoodsman's weird adventures
with a wife and her husband in-their
lone shack on the desert furnish the
plot for Leonard Schwartz's "Speaking
of Matrimony." And in "It All De
pends," by Jack Shoup, an inexperi
enced college youth makes his first
and last acquaintance with a burglar
who is also a convincing debater.
Instead of several short stories that
are customarily published in The Stan
ford Literary Magazine, only four of
greater length than usual are con
tained in the April issue of the maga
zine, which will be mailed to sub
scribers today. The moods of the tales
vary from the humorous and fantastic
to the adventurous and serious.
In "The Surprise Party," Marshall
Somerville lightly exposes a modern
college girl who likes a thrill, an ex
pensive fur coat, and a gallant burg
lar. "Sycamore," by Margaret Olsen,
shows how a Middle Western man's
obsession for a tree that was planted
by his ancestors warps his and his
family's lives.
A backwoodsman's weird adventures
with a wife and her husband in-their
lone shack on the desert furnish the
plot for Leonard Schwartz's "Speaking
of Matrimony." And in "It All De
pends," by Jack Shoup, an inexperi
enced college youth makes his first
and last acquaintance with a burglar
who is also a convincing debater.
Instead of several short stories that
are customarily published in The Stan
ford Literary Magazine, only four of
greater length than usual are con
tained in the April issue of the maga
zine, which will be mailed to sub
scribers today. The moods of the tales
vary from the humorous and fantastic
to the adventurous and serious.
In "The Surprise Party," Marshall
Somerville lightly exposes a modern
college girl who likes a thrill, an ex
pensive fur coat, and a gallant burg
lar. "Sycamore," by Margaret Olsen,
shows how a Middle Western man's
obsession for a tree that was planted
by his ancestors warps his and his
family's lives.
A backwoodsman's weird adventures
with a wife and her husband in-their
lone shack on the desert furnish the
plot for Leonard Schwartz's "Speaking
of Matrimony." And in "It All De
pends," by Jack Shoup, an inexperi
enced college youth makes his first
and last acquaintance with a burglar
who is also a convincing debater.
Instead of several short stories that
are customarily published in The Stan
ford Literary Magazine, only four of
greater length than usual are con
tained in the April issue of the maga
zine, which will be mailed to sub
scribers today. The moods of the tales
vary from the humorous and fantastic
to the adventurous and serious.
In "The Surprise Party," Marshall
Somerville lightly exposes a modern
college girl who likes a thrill, an ex
pensive fur coat, and a gallant burg
lar. "Sycamore," by Margaret Olsen,
shows how a Middle Western man's
obsession for a tree that was planted
by his ancestors warps his and his
family's lives.
A backwoodsman's weird adventures
with a wife and her husband in-their
lone shack on the desert furnish the
plot for Leonard Schwartz's "Speaking
of Matrimony." And in "It All De
pends," by Jack Shoup, an inexperi
enced college youth makes his first
and last acquaintance with a burglar
who is also a convincing debater.
Instead of several short stories that
are customarily published in The Stan
ford Literary Magazine, only four of
greater length than usual are con
tained in the April issue of the maga
zine, which will be mailed to sub
scribers today. The moods of the tales
vary from the humorous and fantastic
to the adventurous and serious.
In "The Surprise Party," Marshall
Somerville lightly exposes a modern
college girl who likes a thrill, an ex
pensive fur coat, and a gallant burg
lar. "Sycamore," by Margaret Olsen,
shows how a Middle Western man's
obsession for a tree that was planted
by his ancestors warps his and his
family's lives.
A backwoodsman's weird adventures
with a wife and her husband in-their
lone shack on the desert furnish the
plot for Leonard Schwartz's "Speaking
of Matrimony." And in "It All De
pends," by Jack Shoup, an inexperi
enced college youth makes his first
and last acquaintance with a burglar
who is also a convincing debater.
Instead of several short stories that
are customarily published in The Stan
ford Literary Magazine, only four of
greater length than usual are con
tained in the April issue of the maga
zine, which will be mailed to sub
scribers today. The moods of the tales
vary from the humorous and fantastic
to the adventurous and serious.
In "The Surprise Party," Marshall
Somerville lightly exposes a modern
college girl who likes a thrill, an ex
pensive fur coat, and a gallant burg
lar. "Sycamore," by Margaret Olsen,
shows how a Middle Western man's
obsession for a tree that was planted
by his ancestors warps his and his
family's lives.
A backwoodsman's weird adventures
with a wife and her husband in-their
lone shack on the desert furnish the
plot for Leonard Schwartz's "Speaking
of Matrimony." And in "It All De
pends," by Jack Shoup, an inexperi
enced college youth makes his first
and last acquaintance with a burglar
who is also a convincing debater.
Instead of several short stories that
are customarily published in The Stan
ford Literary Magazine, only four of
greater length than usual are con
tained in the April issue of the maga
zine, which will be mailed to sub
scribers today. The moods of the tales
vary from the humorous and fantastic
to the adventurous and serious.
In "The Surprise Party," Marshall
Somerville lightly exposes a modern
college girl who likes a thrill, an ex
pensive fur coat, and a gallant burg
lar. "Sycamore," by Margaret Olsen,
shows how a Middle Western man's
obsession for a tree that was planted
by his ancestors warps his and his
family's lives.
A backwoodsman's weird adventures
with a wife and her husband in-their
lone shack on the desert furnish the
plot for Leonard Schwartz's "Speaking
of Matrimony." And in "It All De
pends," by Jack Shoup, an inexperi
enced college youth makes his first
and last acquaintance with a burglar
who is also a convincing debater.
Instead of several short stories that
are customarily published in The Stan
ford Literary Magazine, only four of
greater length than usual are con
tained in the April issue of the maga
zine, which will be mailed to sub
scribers today. The moods of the tales
vary from the humorous and fantastic
to the adventurous and serious.
In "The Surprise Party," Marshall
Somerville lightly exposes a modern
college girl who likes a thrill, an ex
pensive fur coat, and a gallant burg
lar. "Sycamore," by Margaret Olsen,
shows how a Middle Western man's
obsession for a tree that was planted
by his ancestors warps his and his
family's lives.
A backwoodsman's weird adventures
with a wife and her husband in-their
lone shack on the desert furnish the
plot for Leonard Schwartz's "Speaking
of Matrimony." And in "It All De
pends," by Jack Shoup, an inexperi
enced college youth makes his first
and last acquaintance with a burglar
who is also a convincing debater.
Instead of several short stories that
are customarily published in The Stan
ford Literary Magazine, only four of
greater length than usual are con
tained in the April issue of the maga
zine, which will be mailed to sub
scribers today. The moods of the tales
vary from the humorous and fantastic
to the adventurous and serious.
In "The Surprise Party," Marshall
Somerville lightly exposes a modern
college girl who likes a thrill, an ex
pensive fur coat, and a gallant burg
lar. "Sycamore," by Margaret Olsen,
shows how a Middle Western man's
obsession for a tree that was planted
by his ancestors warps his and his
family's lives.
A backwoodsman's weird adventures
with a wife and her husband in-their
lone shack on the desert furnish the
plot for Leonard Schwartz's "Speaking
of Matrimony." And in "It All De
pends," by Jack Shoup, an inexperi
enced college youth makes his first
and last acquaintance with a burglar
who is also a convincing debater.
Instead of several short stories that
are customarily published in The Stan
ford Literary Magazine, only four of
greater length than usual are con
tained in the April issue of the maga
zine, which will be mailed to sub
scribers today. The moods of the tales
vary from the humorous and fantastic
to the adventurous and serious.
In "The Surprise Party," Marshall
Somerville lightly exposes a modern
college girl who likes a thrill, an ex
pensive fur coat, and a gallant burg
lar. "Sycamore," by Margaret Olsen,
shows how a Middle Western man's
obsession for a tree that was planted
by his ancestors warps his and his
family's lives.
A backwoodsman's weird adventures
with a wife and her husband in-their
lone shack on the desert furnish the
plot for Leonard Schwartz's "Speaking
of Matrimony." And in "It All De
pends," by Jack Shoup, an inexperi
enced college youth makes his first
and last acquaintance with a burglar
who is also a convincing debater.
Instead of several short stories that
are customarily published in The Stan
ford Literary Magazine, only four of
greater length than usual are con
tained in the April issue of the maga
zine, which will be mailed to sub
scribers today. The moods of the tales
vary from the humorous and fantastic
to the adventurous and serious.
In "The Surprise Party," Marshall
Somerville lightly exposes a modern
college girl who likes a thrill, an ex
pensive fur coat, and a gallant burg
lar. "Sycamore," by Margaret Olsen,
shows how a Middle Western man's
obsession for a tree that was planted
by his ancestors warps his and his
family's lives.
A backwoodsman's weird adventures
with a wife and her husband in-their
lone shack on the desert furnish the
plot for Leonard Schwartz's "Speaking
of Matrimony." And in "It All De
pends," by Jack Shoup, an inexperi
enced college youth makes his first
and last acquaintance with a burglar
who is also a convincing debater.
Instead of several short stories that
are customarily published in The Stan
ford Literary Magazine, only four of
greater length than usual are con
tained in the April issue of the maga
zine, which will be mailed to sub
scribers today. The moods of the tales
vary from the humorous and fantastic
to the adventurous and serious.
In "The Surprise Party," Marshall
Somerville lightly exposes a modern
college girl who likes a thrill, an ex
pensive fur coat, and a gallant burg
lar. "Sycamore," by Margaret Olsen,
shows how a Middle Western man's
obsession for a tree that was planted
by his ancestors warps his and his
family's lives.
A backwoodsman's weird adventures
with a wife and her husband in-their
lone shack on the desert furnish the
plot for Leonard Schwartz's "Speaking
of Matrimony." And in "It All De
pends," by Jack Shoup, an inexperi
enced college youth makes his first
and last acquaintance with a burglar
who is also a convincing debater.
