# DR. WILBUR WILL SPEAK IN EASTERN COLLEGE
## 
### 
President Wilbur is now in Boston,
where he will spend today and tomor
row. A large part of the itinerary of
the rest of his Eastern trip was an
nounced here today.
Dr. Wilbur is to represent Stanford
today and tomorrow at Cambridge,
Mass.. where a convention of the Asso
ciation of American Universities is
being held. Friday he will attend a
meeting of the Society for the Promo
tion of Engineering Education, at
which Vice-President C. F. Marx, head
of the Civil Engineering department
here, is also in attendance. On De
cember 7th President Wilbur is to ad
dress an audience at Smith College,
on food problems.
President Wilbur is now in Boston,
where he will spend today and tomor
row. A large part of the itinerary of
the rest of his Eastern trip was an
nounced here today.
Dr. Wilbur is to represent Stanford
today and tomorrow at Cambridge,
Mass.. where a convention of the Asso
ciation of American Universities is
being held. Friday he will attend a
meeting of the Society for the Promo
tion of Engineering Education, at
which Vice-President C. F. Marx, head
of the Civil Engineering department
here, is also in attendance. On De
cember 7th President Wilbur is to ad
dress an audience at Smith College,
on food problems.
President Wilbur is now in Boston,
where he will spend today and tomor
row. A large part of the itinerary of
the rest of his Eastern trip was an
nounced here today.
Dr. Wilbur is to represent Stanford
today and tomorrow at Cambridge,
Mass.. where a convention of the Asso
ciation of American Universities is
being held. Friday he will attend a
meeting of the Society for the Promo
tion of Engineering Education, at
which Vice-President C. F. Marx, head
of the Civil Engineering department
here, is also in attendance. On De
cember 7th President Wilbur is to ad
dress an audience at Smith College,
on food problems.
President Wilbur is now in Boston,
where he will spend today and tomor
row. A large part of the itinerary of
the rest of his Eastern trip was an
nounced here today.
Dr. Wilbur is to represent Stanford
today and tomorrow at Cambridge,
Mass.. where a convention of the Asso
ciation of American Universities is
being held. Friday he will attend a
meeting of the Society for the Promo
tion of Engineering Education, at
which Vice-President C. F. Marx, head
of the Civil Engineering department
here, is also in attendance. On De
cember 7th President Wilbur is to ad
dress an audience at Smith College,
on food problems.
President Wilbur is now in Boston,
where he will spend today and tomor
row. A large part of the itinerary of
the rest of his Eastern trip was an
nounced here today.
Dr. Wilbur is to represent Stanford
today and tomorrow at Cambridge,
Mass.. where a convention of the Asso
ciation of American Universities is
being held. Friday he will attend a
meeting of the Society for the Promo
tion of Engineering Education, at
which Vice-President C. F. Marx, head
of the Civil Engineering department
here, is also in attendance. On De
cember 7th President Wilbur is to ad
dress an audience at Smith College,
on food problems.
President Wilbur is now in Boston,
where he will spend today and tomor
row. A large part of the itinerary of
the rest of his Eastern trip was an
nounced here today.
Dr. Wilbur is to represent Stanford
today and tomorrow at Cambridge,
Mass.. where a convention of the Asso
ciation of American Universities is
being held. Friday he will attend a
meeting of the Society for the Promo
tion of Engineering Education, at
which Vice-President C. F. Marx, head
of the Civil Engineering department
here, is also in attendance. On De
cember 7th President Wilbur is to ad
dress an audience at Smith College,
on food problems.
President Wilbur is now in Boston,
where he will spend today and tomor
row. A large part of the itinerary of
the rest of his Eastern trip was an
nounced here today.
Dr. Wilbur is to represent Stanford
today and tomorrow at Cambridge,
Mass.. where a convention of the Asso
ciation of American Universities is
being held. Friday he will attend a
meeting of the Society for the Promo
tion of Engineering Education, at
which Vice-President C. F. Marx, head
of the Civil Engineering department
here, is also in attendance. On De
cember 7th President Wilbur is to ad
dress an audience at Smith College,
on food problems.
President Wilbur is now in Boston,
where he will spend today and tomor
row. A large part of the itinerary of
the rest of his Eastern trip was an
nounced here today.
Dr. Wilbur is to represent Stanford
today and tomorrow at Cambridge,
Mass.. where a convention of the Asso
ciation of American Universities is
being held. Friday he will attend a
meeting of the Society for the Promo
tion of Engineering Education, at
which Vice-President C. F. Marx, head
of the Civil Engineering department
here, is also in attendance. On De
cember 7th President Wilbur is to ad
dress an audience at Smith College,
on food problems.
President Wilbur is now in Boston,
where he will spend today and tomor
row. A large part of the itinerary of
the rest of his Eastern trip was an
nounced here today.
Dr. Wilbur is to represent Stanford
today and tomorrow at Cambridge,
Mass.. where a convention of the Asso
ciation of American Universities is
being held. Friday he will attend a
meeting of the Society for the Promo
tion of Engineering Education, at
which Vice-President C. F. Marx, head
of the Civil Engineering department
here, is also in attendance. On De
cember 7th President Wilbur is to ad
dress an audience at Smith College,
on food problems.
President Wilbur is now in Boston,
where he will spend today and tomor
row. A large part of the itinerary of
the rest of his Eastern trip was an
nounced here today.
Dr. Wilbur is to represent Stanford
today and tomorrow at Cambridge,
Mass.. where a convention of the Asso
ciation of American Universities is
being held. Friday he will attend a
meeting of the Society for the Promo
tion of Engineering Education, at
which Vice-President C. F. Marx, head
of the Civil Engineering department
here, is also in attendance. On De
cember 7th President Wilbur is to ad
dress an audience at Smith College,
on food problems.
President Wilbur is now in Boston,
where he will spend today and tomor
row. A large part of the itinerary of
the rest of his Eastern trip was an
nounced here today.
Dr. Wilbur is to represent Stanford
today and tomorrow at Cambridge,
Mass.. where a convention of the Asso
ciation of American Universities is
being held. Friday he will attend a
meeting of the Society for the Promo
tion of Engineering Education, at
which Vice-President C. F. Marx, head
of the Civil Engineering department
here, is also in attendance. On De
cember 7th President Wilbur is to ad
dress an audience at Smith College,
on food problems.
President Wilbur is now in Boston,
where he will spend today and tomor
row. A large part of the itinerary of
the rest of his Eastern trip was an
nounced here today.
Dr. Wilbur is to represent Stanford
today and tomorrow at Cambridge,
Mass.. where a convention of the Asso
ciation of American Universities is
being held. Friday he will attend a
meeting of the Society for the Promo
tion of Engineering Education, at
which Vice-President C. F. Marx, head
of the Civil Engineering department
here, is also in attendance. On De
cember 7th President Wilbur is to ad
dress an audience at Smith College,
on food problems.
President Wilbur is now in Boston,
where he will spend today and tomor
row. A large part of the itinerary of
the rest of his Eastern trip was an
nounced here today.
Dr. Wilbur is to represent Stanford
today and tomorrow at Cambridge,
Mass.. where a convention of the Asso
ciation of American Universities is
being held. Friday he will attend a
meeting of the Society for the Promo
tion of Engineering Education, at
which Vice-President C. F. Marx, head
of the Civil Engineering department
here, is also in attendance. On De
cember 7th President Wilbur is to ad
dress an audience at Smith College,
on food problems.
President Wilbur is now in Boston,
where he will spend today and tomor
row. A large part of the itinerary of
the rest of his Eastern trip was an
nounced here today.
Dr. Wilbur is to represent Stanford
today and tomorrow at Cambridge,
Mass.. where a convention of the Asso
ciation of American Universities is
being held. Friday he will attend a
meeting of the Society for the Promo
tion of Engineering Education, at
which Vice-President C. F. Marx, head
of the Civil Engineering department
here, is also in attendance. On De
cember 7th President Wilbur is to ad
dress an audience at Smith College,
on food problems.
President Wilbur is now in Boston,
where he will spend today and tomor
row. A large part of the itinerary of
the rest of his Eastern trip was an
nounced here today.
Dr. Wilbur is to represent Stanford
today and tomorrow at Cambridge,
Mass.. where a convention of the Asso
ciation of American Universities is
being held. Friday he will attend a
meeting of the Society for the Promo
tion of Engineering Education, at
which Vice-President C. F. Marx, head
of the Civil Engineering department
here, is also in attendance. On De
cember 7th President Wilbur is to ad
dress an audience at Smith College,
on food problems.
President Wilbur is now in Boston,
where he will spend today and tomor
row. A large part of the itinerary of
the rest of his Eastern trip was an
nounced here today.
Dr. Wilbur is to represent Stanford
today and tomorrow at Cambridge,
Mass.. where a convention of the Asso
ciation of American Universities is
being held. Friday he will attend a
meeting of the Society for the Promo
tion of Engineering Education, at
which Vice-President C. F. Marx, head
of the Civil Engineering department
here, is also in attendance. On De
cember 7th President Wilbur is to ad
dress an audience at Smith College,
on food problems.
