# WOMEN'S HOCKEY TO BEGIN ON FRIDAY
## 
### 
The first woman's interclass hockey
game of the season will be played Fri
day at 4:15. Class tryouts for the
freshmen and sophomore women were
held last week, resulting in the elec
tion of Miss Ester Clark. '21. as cap
tain. Junior and senior class tryouts
will take place tomorrow afternoon, ac
cording to Miss Irene Pauly. gr.. var
sity hockey captain. Miss Helen Blan
chard, together with an instructor from
Mills College, will be referees at the
game Friday.
The hockey games which were to be
played with Mills College have been
postponed to a later date, due to unset
tled conditions resulting from the epi
demic. Stanford's team hopes to meet
California in a contest soon after the
Christmas holidays.
The first woman's interclass hockey
game of the season will be played Fri
day at 4:15. Class tryouts for the
freshmen and sophomore women were
held last week, resulting in the elec
tion of Miss Ester Clark. '21. as cap
tain. Junior and senior class tryouts
will take place tomorrow afternoon, ac
cording to Miss Irene Pauly. gr.. var
sity hockey captain. Miss Helen Blan
chard, together with an instructor from
Mills College, will be referees at the
game Friday.
The hockey games which were to be
played with Mills College have been
postponed to a later date, due to unset
tled conditions resulting from the epi
demic. Stanford's team hopes to meet
California in a contest soon after the
Christmas holidays.
The first woman's interclass hockey
game of the season will be played Fri
day at 4:15. Class tryouts for the
freshmen and sophomore women were
held last week, resulting in the elec
tion of Miss Ester Clark. '21. as cap
tain. Junior and senior class tryouts
will take place tomorrow afternoon, ac
cording to Miss Irene Pauly. gr.. var
sity hockey captain. Miss Helen Blan
chard, together with an instructor from
Mills College, will be referees at the
game Friday.
The hockey games which were to be
played with Mills College have been
postponed to a later date, due to unset
tled conditions resulting from the epi
demic. Stanford's team hopes to meet
California in a contest soon after the
Christmas holidays.
The first woman's interclass hockey
game of the season will be played Fri
day at 4:15. Class tryouts for the
freshmen and sophomore women were
held last week, resulting in the elec
tion of Miss Ester Clark. '21. as cap
tain. Junior and senior class tryouts
will take place tomorrow afternoon, ac
cording to Miss Irene Pauly. gr.. var
sity hockey captain. Miss Helen Blan
chard, together with an instructor from
Mills College, will be referees at the
game Friday.
The hockey games which were to be
played with Mills College have been
postponed to a later date, due to unset
tled conditions resulting from the epi
demic. Stanford's team hopes to meet
California in a contest soon after the
Christmas holidays.
The first woman's interclass hockey
game of the season will be played Fri
day at 4:15. Class tryouts for the
freshmen and sophomore women were
held last week, resulting in the elec
tion of Miss Ester Clark. '21. as cap
tain. Junior and senior class tryouts
will take place tomorrow afternoon, ac
cording to Miss Irene Pauly. gr.. var
sity hockey captain. Miss Helen Blan
chard, together with an instructor from
Mills College, will be referees at the
game Friday.
The hockey games which were to be
played with Mills College have been
postponed to a later date, due to unset
tled conditions resulting from the epi
demic. Stanford's team hopes to meet
California in a contest soon after the
Christmas holidays.
The first woman's interclass hockey
game of the season will be played Fri
day at 4:15. Class tryouts for the
freshmen and sophomore women were
held last week, resulting in the elec
tion of Miss Ester Clark. '21. as cap
tain. Junior and senior class tryouts
will take place tomorrow afternoon, ac
cording to Miss Irene Pauly. gr.. var
sity hockey captain. Miss Helen Blan
chard, together with an instructor from
Mills College, will be referees at the
game Friday.
The hockey games which were to be
played with Mills College have been
postponed to a later date, due to unset
tled conditions resulting from the epi
demic. Stanford's team hopes to meet
California in a contest soon after the
Christmas holidays.
The first woman's interclass hockey
game of the season will be played Fri
day at 4:15. Class tryouts for the
freshmen and sophomore women were
held last week, resulting in the elec
tion of Miss Ester Clark. '21. as cap
tain. Junior and senior class tryouts
will take place tomorrow afternoon, ac
cording to Miss Irene Pauly. gr.. var
sity hockey captain. Miss Helen Blan
chard, together with an instructor from
Mills College, will be referees at the
game Friday.
The hockey games which were to be
played with Mills College have been
postponed to a later date, due to unset
tled conditions resulting from the epi
demic. Stanford's team hopes to meet
California in a contest soon after the
Christmas holidays.
The first woman's interclass hockey
game of the season will be played Fri
day at 4:15. Class tryouts for the
freshmen and sophomore women were
held last week, resulting in the elec
tion of Miss Ester Clark. '21. as cap
tain. Junior and senior class tryouts
will take place tomorrow afternoon, ac
cording to Miss Irene Pauly. gr.. var
sity hockey captain. Miss Helen Blan
chard, together with an instructor from
Mills College, will be referees at the
game Friday.
The hockey games which were to be
played with Mills College have been
postponed to a later date, due to unset
tled conditions resulting from the epi
demic. Stanford's team hopes to meet
California in a contest soon after the
Christmas holidays.
The first woman's interclass hockey
game of the season will be played Fri
day at 4:15. Class tryouts for the
freshmen and sophomore women were
held last week, resulting in the elec
tion of Miss Ester Clark. '21. as cap
tain. Junior and senior class tryouts
will take place tomorrow afternoon, ac
cording to Miss Irene Pauly. gr.. var
sity hockey captain. Miss Helen Blan
chard, together with an instructor from
Mills College, will be referees at the
game Friday.
The hockey games which were to be
played with Mills College have been
postponed to a later date, due to unset
tled conditions resulting from the epi
demic. Stanford's team hopes to meet
California in a contest soon after the
Christmas holidays.
The first woman's interclass hockey
game of the season will be played Fri
day at 4:15. Class tryouts for the
freshmen and sophomore women were
held last week, resulting in the elec
tion of Miss Ester Clark. '21. as cap
tain. Junior and senior class tryouts
will take place tomorrow afternoon, ac
cording to Miss Irene Pauly. gr.. var
sity hockey captain. Miss Helen Blan
chard, together with an instructor from
Mills College, will be referees at the
game Friday.
The hockey games which were to be
played with Mills College have been
postponed to a later date, due to unset
tled conditions resulting from the epi
demic. Stanford's team hopes to meet
California in a contest soon after the
Christmas holidays.
The first woman's interclass hockey
game of the season will be played Fri
day at 4:15. Class tryouts for the
freshmen and sophomore women were
held last week, resulting in the elec
tion of Miss Ester Clark. '21. as cap
tain. Junior and senior class tryouts
will take place tomorrow afternoon, ac
cording to Miss Irene Pauly. gr.. var
sity hockey captain. Miss Helen Blan
chard, together with an instructor from
Mills College, will be referees at the
game Friday.
The hockey games which were to be
played with Mills College have been
postponed to a later date, due to unset
tled conditions resulting from the epi
demic. Stanford's team hopes to meet
California in a contest soon after the
Christmas holidays.
The first woman's interclass hockey
game of the season will be played Fri
day at 4:15. Class tryouts for the
freshmen and sophomore women were
held last week, resulting in the elec
tion of Miss Ester Clark. '21. as cap
tain. Junior and senior class tryouts
will take place tomorrow afternoon, ac
cording to Miss Irene Pauly. gr.. var
sity hockey captain. Miss Helen Blan
chard, together with an instructor from
Mills College, will be referees at the
game Friday.
The hockey games which were to be
played with Mills College have been
postponed to a later date, due to unset
tled conditions resulting from the epi
demic. Stanford's team hopes to meet
California in a contest soon after the
Christmas holidays.
The first woman's interclass hockey
game of the season will be played Fri
day at 4:15. Class tryouts for the
freshmen and sophomore women were
held last week, resulting in the elec
tion of Miss Ester Clark. '21. as cap
tain. Junior and senior class tryouts
will take place tomorrow afternoon, ac
cording to Miss Irene Pauly. gr.. var
sity hockey captain. Miss Helen Blan
chard, together with an instructor from
Mills College, will be referees at the
game Friday.
The hockey games which were to be
played with Mills College have been
postponed to a later date, due to unset
tled conditions resulting from the epi
demic. Stanford's team hopes to meet
California in a contest soon after the
Christmas holidays.
The first woman's interclass hockey
game of the season will be played Fri
day at 4:15. Class tryouts for the
freshmen and sophomore women were
held last week, resulting in the elec
tion of Miss Ester Clark. '21. as cap
tain. Junior and senior class tryouts
will take place tomorrow afternoon, ac
cording to Miss Irene Pauly. gr.. var
sity hockey captain. Miss Helen Blan
chard, together with an instructor from
Mills College, will be referees at the
game Friday.
The hockey games which were to be
played with Mills College have been
postponed to a later date, due to unset
tled conditions resulting from the epi
demic. Stanford's team hopes to meet
California in a contest soon after the
Christmas holidays.
The first woman's interclass hockey
game of the season will be played Fri
day at 4:15. Class tryouts for the
freshmen and sophomore women were
held last week, resulting in the elec
tion of Miss Ester Clark. '21. as cap
tain. Junior and senior class tryouts
will take place tomorrow afternoon, ac
cording to Miss Irene Pauly. gr.. var
sity hockey captain. Miss Helen Blan
chard, together with an instructor from
Mills College, will be referees at the
game Friday.
The hockey games which were to be
played with Mills College have been
postponed to a later date, due to unset
tled conditions resulting from the epi
demic. Stanford's team hopes to meet
California in a contest soon after the
Christmas holidays.
The first woman's interclass hockey
game of the season will be played Fri
day at 4:15. Class tryouts for the
freshmen and sophomore women were
held last week, resulting in the elec
tion of Miss Ester Clark. '21. as cap
tain. Junior and senior class tryouts
will take place tomorrow afternoon, ac
cording to Miss Irene Pauly. gr.. var
sity hockey captain. Miss Helen Blan
chard, together with an instructor from
Mills College, will be referees at the
game Friday.
The hockey games which were to be
played with Mills College have been
postponed to a later date, due to unset
tled conditions resulting from the epi
demic. Stanford's team hopes to meet
California in a contest soon after the
Christmas holidays.
