# Mural Schedule
## 
### 
Basketball playoffs have been
postponed until Wednesday, April
6, because of rushing. Teams that
are in the playoffs should check
the bulletin board in the gym for
starting times.
A managers meeting for all
spring intramural sports will be
held in room pe 50 in the BAC on
Thursday afternoon at 4:30. All
teams intending to compete dur
ing Spring Quarter must send a
manager to this meeting.
Basketball playoffs have been
postponed until Wednesday, April
6, because of rushing. Teams that
are in the playoffs should check
the bulletin board in the gym for
starting times.
A managers meeting for all
spring intramural sports will be
held in room pe 50 in the BAC on
Thursday afternoon at 4:30. All
teams intending to compete dur
ing Spring Quarter must send a
manager to this meeting.
Basketball playoffs have been
postponed until Wednesday, April
6, because of rushing. Teams that
are in the playoffs should check
the bulletin board in the gym for
starting times.
A managers meeting for all
spring intramural sports will be
held in room pe 50 in the BAC on
Thursday afternoon at 4:30. All
teams intending to compete dur
ing Spring Quarter must send a
manager to this meeting.
Basketball playoffs have been
postponed until Wednesday, April
6, because of rushing. Teams that
are in the playoffs should check
the bulletin board in the gym for
starting times.
A managers meeting for all
spring intramural sports will be
held in room pe 50 in the BAC on
Thursday afternoon at 4:30. All
teams intending to compete dur
ing Spring Quarter must send a
manager to this meeting.
Basketball playoffs have been
postponed until Wednesday, April
6, because of rushing. Teams that
are in the playoffs should check
the bulletin board in the gym for
starting times.
A managers meeting for all
spring intramural sports will be
held in room pe 50 in the BAC on
Thursday afternoon at 4:30. All
teams intending to compete dur
ing Spring Quarter must send a
manager to this meeting.
Basketball playoffs have been
postponed until Wednesday, April
6, because of rushing. Teams that
are in the playoffs should check
the bulletin board in the gym for
starting times.
A managers meeting for all
spring intramural sports will be
held in room pe 50 in the BAC on
Thursday afternoon at 4:30. All
teams intending to compete dur
ing Spring Quarter must send a
manager to this meeting.
Basketball playoffs have been
postponed until Wednesday, April
6, because of rushing. Teams that
are in the playoffs should check
the bulletin board in the gym for
starting times.
A managers meeting for all
spring intramural sports will be
held in room pe 50 in the BAC on
Thursday afternoon at 4:30. All
teams intending to compete dur
ing Spring Quarter must send a
manager to this meeting.
Basketball playoffs have been
postponed until Wednesday, April
6, because of rushing. Teams that
are in the playoffs should check
the bulletin board in the gym for
starting times.
A managers meeting for all
spring intramural sports will be
held in room pe 50 in the BAC on
Thursday afternoon at 4:30. All
teams intending to compete dur
ing Spring Quarter must send a
manager to this meeting.
Basketball playoffs have been
postponed until Wednesday, April
6, because of rushing. Teams that
are in the playoffs should check
the bulletin board in the gym for
starting times.
A managers meeting for all
spring intramural sports will be
held in room pe 50 in the BAC on
Thursday afternoon at 4:30. All
teams intending to compete dur
ing Spring Quarter must send a
manager to this meeting.
Basketball playoffs have been
postponed until Wednesday, April
6, because of rushing. Teams that
are in the playoffs should check
the bulletin board in the gym for
starting times.
A managers meeting for all
spring intramural sports will be
held in room pe 50 in the BAC on
Thursday afternoon at 4:30. All
teams intending to compete dur
ing Spring Quarter must send a
manager to this meeting.
Basketball playoffs have been
postponed until Wednesday, April
6, because of rushing. Teams that
are in the playoffs should check
the bulletin board in the gym for
starting times.
A managers meeting for all
spring intramural sports will be
held in room pe 50 in the BAC on
Thursday afternoon at 4:30. All
teams intending to compete dur
ing Spring Quarter must send a
manager to this meeting.
Basketball playoffs have been
postponed until Wednesday, April
6, because of rushing. Teams that
are in the playoffs should check
the bulletin board in the gym for
starting times.
A managers meeting for all
spring intramural sports will be
held in room pe 50 in the BAC on
Thursday afternoon at 4:30. All
teams intending to compete dur
ing Spring Quarter must send a
manager to this meeting.
Basketball playoffs have been
postponed until Wednesday, April
6, because of rushing. Teams that
are in the playoffs should check
the bulletin board in the gym for
starting times.
A managers meeting for all
spring intramural sports will be
held in room pe 50 in the BAC on
Thursday afternoon at 4:30. All
teams intending to compete dur
ing Spring Quarter must send a
manager to this meeting.
Basketball playoffs have been
postponed until Wednesday, April
6, because of rushing. Teams that
are in the playoffs should check
the bulletin board in the gym for
starting times.
A managers meeting for all
spring intramural sports will be
held in room pe 50 in the BAC on
Thursday afternoon at 4:30. All
teams intending to compete dur
ing Spring Quarter must send a
manager to this meeting.
Basketball playoffs have been
postponed until Wednesday, April
6, because of rushing. Teams that
are in the playoffs should check
the bulletin board in the gym for
starting times.
A managers meeting for all
spring intramural sports will be
held in room pe 50 in the BAC on
Thursday afternoon at 4:30. All
teams intending to compete dur
ing Spring Quarter must send a
manager to this meeting.
Basketball playoffs have been
postponed until Wednesday, April
6, because of rushing. Teams that
are in the playoffs should check
the bulletin board in the gym for
starting times.
A managers meeting for all
spring intramural sports will be
held in room pe 50 in the BAC on
Thursday afternoon at 4:30. All
teams intending to compete dur
ing Spring Quarter must send a
manager to this meeting.
