# Georga Provine in Texas
## 
### 
George T. Provine, *23, is with the
foreign advertising department of
Dallas, Texas.
George T. Provine, *23, is with the
foreign advertising department of
Dallas, Texas.
George T. Provine, *23, is with the
foreign advertising department of
Dallas, Texas.
George T. Provine, *23, is with the
foreign advertising department of
Dallas, Texas.
George T. Provine, *23, is with the
foreign advertising department of
Dallas, Texas.
George T. Provine, *23, is with the
foreign advertising department of
Dallas, Texas.
George T. Provine, *23, is with the
foreign advertising department of
Dallas, Texas.
George T. Provine, *23, is with the
foreign advertising department of
Dallas, Texas.
George T. Provine, *23, is with the
foreign advertising department of
Dallas, Texas.
George T. Provine, *23, is with the
foreign advertising department of
Dallas, Texas.
George T. Provine, *23, is with the
foreign advertising department of
Dallas, Texas.
George T. Provine, *23, is with the
foreign advertising department of
Dallas, Texas.
George T. Provine, *23, is with the
foreign advertising department of
Dallas, Texas.
George T. Provine, *23, is with the
foreign advertising department of
Dallas, Texas.
George T. Provine, *23, is with the
foreign advertising department of
Dallas, Texas.
