# DR. STOREY SENDING BOXING TEAM EAST; TO PAY ALL BILLS
## 
### 
Dr. Thomas Andrew Storey,
head of the department of Physi
cal Education, today announced
his plans to send the Utopia box
ing team East to fight in Madison
Square Garden. He is so much
enthused over the prospect of
the excellent amateur spirit of
the occasion that he has agreed
to pay all of the expenses of the
trip.
Dr. Storey said that his deci
sion was prompted by bis ap
proval of the fine amateur spirit
that prevails in the ranks of the
A.A.U. Hp pointed out that the
association lias recently gone on
record as favoring tho mutual
benefit, non-profit policy of the
Utopia Board of Athletic Con
trol.
