# PAPERS OF L.M. HANSEN ARE WANTED BY PARENTS
## 
### 
Papers belonging to the late Lorenz
M. Hansen, '20, who died hero last
quarter, are being sought by his par
ents, Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Hansen. In
formation leading to the recovery of
any such possessions should be con
veyed to J. M. Holt at the Delta Tan
Delta house.
Papers belonging to the late Lorenz
M. Hansen, '20, who died hero last
quarter, are being sought by his par
ents, Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Hansen. In
formation leading to the recovery of
any such possessions should be con
veyed to J. M. Holt at the Delta Tan
Delta house.
Papers belonging to the late Lorenz
M. Hansen, '20, who died hero last
quarter, are being sought by his par
ents, Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Hansen. In
formation leading to the recovery of
any such possessions should be con
veyed to J. M. Holt at the Delta Tan
Delta house.
Papers belonging to the late Lorenz
M. Hansen, '20, who died hero last
quarter, are being sought by his par
ents, Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Hansen. In
formation leading to the recovery of
any such possessions should be con
veyed to J. M. Holt at the Delta Tan
Delta house.
Papers belonging to the late Lorenz
M. Hansen, '20, who died hero last
quarter, are being sought by his par
ents, Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Hansen. In
formation leading to the recovery of
any such possessions should be con
veyed to J. M. Holt at the Delta Tan
Delta house.
Papers belonging to the late Lorenz
M. Hansen, '20, who died hero last
quarter, are being sought by his par
ents, Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Hansen. In
formation leading to the recovery of
any such possessions should be con
veyed to J. M. Holt at the Delta Tan
Delta house.
Papers belonging to the late Lorenz
M. Hansen, '20, who died hero last
quarter, are being sought by his par
ents, Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Hansen. In
formation leading to the recovery of
any such possessions should be con
veyed to J. M. Holt at the Delta Tan
Delta house.
Papers belonging to the late Lorenz
M. Hansen, '20, who died hero last
quarter, are being sought by his par
ents, Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Hansen. In
formation leading to the recovery of
any such possessions should be con
veyed to J. M. Holt at the Delta Tan
Delta house.
Papers belonging to the late Lorenz
M. Hansen, '20, who died hero last
quarter, are being sought by his par
ents, Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Hansen. In
formation leading to the recovery of
any such possessions should be con
veyed to J. M. Holt at the Delta Tan
Delta house.
Papers belonging to the late Lorenz
M. Hansen, '20, who died hero last
quarter, are being sought by his par
ents, Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Hansen. In
formation leading to the recovery of
any such possessions should be con
veyed to J. M. Holt at the Delta Tan
Delta house.
Papers belonging to the late Lorenz
M. Hansen, '20, who died hero last
quarter, are being sought by his par
ents, Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Hansen. In
formation leading to the recovery of
any such possessions should be con
veyed to J. M. Holt at the Delta Tan
Delta house.
Papers belonging to the late Lorenz
M. Hansen, '20, who died hero last
quarter, are being sought by his par
ents, Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Hansen. In
formation leading to the recovery of
any such possessions should be con
veyed to J. M. Holt at the Delta Tan
Delta house.
Papers belonging to the late Lorenz
M. Hansen, '20, who died hero last
quarter, are being sought by his par
ents, Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Hansen. In
formation leading to the recovery of
any such possessions should be con
veyed to J. M. Holt at the Delta Tan
Delta house.
