# DELTA CHI PLEDGE
## 
### 
Intcrfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Marty Bains, '41, to
Delta Chi.
Intcrfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Marty Bains, '41, to
Delta Chi.
Intcrfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Marty Bains, '41, to
Delta Chi.
Intcrfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Marty Bains, '41, to
Delta Chi.
Intcrfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Marty Bains, '41, to
Delta Chi.
Intcrfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Marty Bains, '41, to
Delta Chi.
Intcrfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Marty Bains, '41, to
Delta Chi.
Intcrfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Marty Bains, '41, to
Delta Chi.
Intcrfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Marty Bains, '41, to
Delta Chi.
Intcrfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Marty Bains, '41, to
Delta Chi.
Intcrfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Marty Bains, '41, to
Delta Chi.
Intcrfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Marty Bains, '41, to
Delta Chi.
Intcrfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Marty Bains, '41, to
Delta Chi.
Intcrfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Marty Bains, '41, to
Delta Chi.
Intcrfratcrnity Council announces
the pledging of Marty Bains, '41, to
Delta Chi.
