# Dance to Stress Surrealist Motif
## 
### 
Surrealistic motif, suggested by the
ececntric artist Dali, will be the
theme of the annual Sequoia barn
dance to be held Friday at 9 o'clock.
Music and entertainment will be
furnished by Dick Lotter and his or
chestra. Refreshments will be served
to all. The dance committee sug
gests that students come as their
subconscious, or unconscious mind,
dressed as old .shoes or laundry
bags.
Price of the bids, which may be
purchased at the A.S.S.U. office or
from Stan Fidanque, will be one
dollar.
The first landscape gardening in
England began with the monasteries.
Surrealistic motif, suggested by the
ececntric artist Dali, will be the
theme of the annual Sequoia barn
dance to be held Friday at 9 o'clock.
Music and entertainment will be
furnished by Dick Lotter and his or
chestra. Refreshments will be served
to all. The dance committee sug
gests that students come as their
subconscious, or unconscious mind,
dressed as old .shoes or laundry
bags.
Price of the bids, which may be
purchased at the A.S.S.U. office or
from Stan Fidanque, will be one
dollar.
The first landscape gardening in
England began with the monasteries.
Surrealistic motif, suggested by the
ececntric artist Dali, will be the
theme of the annual Sequoia barn
dance to be held Friday at 9 o'clock.
Music and entertainment will be
furnished by Dick Lotter and his or
chestra. Refreshments will be served
to all. The dance committee sug
gests that students come as their
subconscious, or unconscious mind,
dressed as old .shoes or laundry
bags.
Price of the bids, which may be
purchased at the A.S.S.U. office or
from Stan Fidanque, will be one
dollar.
The first landscape gardening in
England began with the monasteries.
Surrealistic motif, suggested by the
ececntric artist Dali, will be the
theme of the annual Sequoia barn
dance to be held Friday at 9 o'clock.
Music and entertainment will be
furnished by Dick Lotter and his or
chestra. Refreshments will be served
to all. The dance committee sug
gests that students come as their
subconscious, or unconscious mind,
dressed as old .shoes or laundry
bags.
Price of the bids, which may be
purchased at the A.S.S.U. office or
from Stan Fidanque, will be one
dollar.
The first landscape gardening in
England began with the monasteries.
Surrealistic motif, suggested by the
ececntric artist Dali, will be the
theme of the annual Sequoia barn
dance to be held Friday at 9 o'clock.
Music and entertainment will be
furnished by Dick Lotter and his or
chestra. Refreshments will be served
to all. The dance committee sug
gests that students come as their
subconscious, or unconscious mind,
dressed as old .shoes or laundry
bags.
Price of the bids, which may be
purchased at the A.S.S.U. office or
from Stan Fidanque, will be one
dollar.
The first landscape gardening in
England began with the monasteries.
Surrealistic motif, suggested by the
ececntric artist Dali, will be the
theme of the annual Sequoia barn
dance to be held Friday at 9 o'clock.
Music and entertainment will be
furnished by Dick Lotter and his or
chestra. Refreshments will be served
to all. The dance committee sug
gests that students come as their
subconscious, or unconscious mind,
dressed as old .shoes or laundry
bags.
Price of the bids, which may be
purchased at the A.S.S.U. office or
from Stan Fidanque, will be one
dollar.
The first landscape gardening in
England began with the monasteries.
Surrealistic motif, suggested by the
ececntric artist Dali, will be the
theme of the annual Sequoia barn
dance to be held Friday at 9 o'clock.
Music and entertainment will be
furnished by Dick Lotter and his or
chestra. Refreshments will be served
to all. The dance committee sug
gests that students come as their
subconscious, or unconscious mind,
dressed as old .shoes or laundry
bags.
Price of the bids, which may be
purchased at the A.S.S.U. office or
from Stan Fidanque, will be one
dollar.
The first landscape gardening in
England began with the monasteries.
Surrealistic motif, suggested by the
ececntric artist Dali, will be the
theme of the annual Sequoia barn
dance to be held Friday at 9 o'clock.
Music and entertainment will be
furnished by Dick Lotter and his or
chestra. Refreshments will be served
to all. The dance committee sug
gests that students come as their
subconscious, or unconscious mind,
dressed as old .shoes or laundry
bags.
Price of the bids, which may be
purchased at the A.S.S.U. office or
from Stan Fidanque, will be one
dollar.
The first landscape gardening in
England began with the monasteries.
Surrealistic motif, suggested by the
ececntric artist Dali, will be the
theme of the annual Sequoia barn
dance to be held Friday at 9 o'clock.
Music and entertainment will be
furnished by Dick Lotter and his or
chestra. Refreshments will be served
to all. The dance committee sug
gests that students come as their
subconscious, or unconscious mind,
dressed as old .shoes or laundry
bags.
Price of the bids, which may be
purchased at the A.S.S.U. office or
from Stan Fidanque, will be one
dollar.
The first landscape gardening in
England began with the monasteries.
Surrealistic motif, suggested by the
ececntric artist Dali, will be the
theme of the annual Sequoia barn
dance to be held Friday at 9 o'clock.
Music and entertainment will be
furnished by Dick Lotter and his or
chestra. Refreshments will be served
to all. The dance committee sug
gests that students come as their
subconscious, or unconscious mind,
dressed as old .shoes or laundry
bags.
Price of the bids, which may be
purchased at the A.S.S.U. office or
from Stan Fidanque, will be one
dollar.
The first landscape gardening in
England began with the monasteries.
Surrealistic motif, suggested by the
ececntric artist Dali, will be the
theme of the annual Sequoia barn
dance to be held Friday at 9 o'clock.
Music and entertainment will be
furnished by Dick Lotter and his or
chestra. Refreshments will be served
to all. The dance committee sug
gests that students come as their
subconscious, or unconscious mind,
dressed as old .shoes or laundry
bags.
Price of the bids, which may be
purchased at the A.S.S.U. office or
from Stan Fidanque, will be one
dollar.
The first landscape gardening in
England began with the monasteries.
Surrealistic motif, suggested by the
ececntric artist Dali, will be the
theme of the annual Sequoia barn
dance to be held Friday at 9 o'clock.
Music and entertainment will be
furnished by Dick Lotter and his or
chestra. Refreshments will be served
to all. The dance committee sug
gests that students come as their
subconscious, or unconscious mind,
dressed as old .shoes or laundry
bags.
Price of the bids, which may be
purchased at the A.S.S.U. office or
from Stan Fidanque, will be one
dollar.
The first landscape gardening in
England began with the monasteries.
Surrealistic motif, suggested by the
ececntric artist Dali, will be the
theme of the annual Sequoia barn
dance to be held Friday at 9 o'clock.
Music and entertainment will be
furnished by Dick Lotter and his or
chestra. Refreshments will be served
to all. The dance committee sug
gests that students come as their
subconscious, or unconscious mind,
dressed as old .shoes or laundry
bags.
Price of the bids, which may be
purchased at the A.S.S.U. office or
from Stan Fidanque, will be one
dollar.
The first landscape gardening in
England began with the monasteries.
Surrealistic motif, suggested by the
ececntric artist Dali, will be the
theme of the annual Sequoia barn
dance to be held Friday at 9 o'clock.
Music and entertainment will be
furnished by Dick Lotter and his or
chestra. Refreshments will be served
to all. The dance committee sug
gests that students come as their
subconscious, or unconscious mind,
dressed as old .shoes or laundry
bags.
Price of the bids, which may be
purchased at the A.S.S.U. office or
from Stan Fidanque, will be one
dollar.
The first landscape gardening in
England began with the monasteries.
Surrealistic motif, suggested by the
ececntric artist Dali, will be the
theme of the annual Sequoia barn
dance to be held Friday at 9 o'clock.
Music and entertainment will be
furnished by Dick Lotter and his or
chestra. Refreshments will be served
to all. The dance committee sug
gests that students come as their
subconscious, or unconscious mind,
dressed as old .shoes or laundry
bags.
Price of the bids, which may be
purchased at the A.S.S.U. office or
from Stan Fidanque, will be one
dollar.
The first landscape gardening in
England began with the monasteries.
