# JACKSON ELECTED
## 
### 
Dean J. Hugh Jackson, of the
Graduate School of Business and
acting comptroller, was elected a
member of the board of trustees of
the Pacific School of Religion at
Berkeley, it was announced yester
day in Berkeley.
Dean J. Hugh Jackson, of the
Graduate School of Business and
acting comptroller, was elected a
member of the board of trustees of
the Pacific School of Religion at
Berkeley, it was announced yester
day in Berkeley.
Dean J. Hugh Jackson, of the
Graduate School of Business and
acting comptroller, was elected a
member of the board of trustees of
the Pacific School of Religion at
Berkeley, it was announced yester
day in Berkeley.
Dean J. Hugh Jackson, of the
Graduate School of Business and
acting comptroller, was elected a
member of the board of trustees of
the Pacific School of Religion at
Berkeley, it was announced yester
day in Berkeley.
Dean J. Hugh Jackson, of the
Graduate School of Business and
acting comptroller, was elected a
member of the board of trustees of
the Pacific School of Religion at
Berkeley, it was announced yester
day in Berkeley.
Dean J. Hugh Jackson, of the
Graduate School of Business and
acting comptroller, was elected a
member of the board of trustees of
the Pacific School of Religion at
Berkeley, it was announced yester
day in Berkeley.
Dean J. Hugh Jackson, of the
Graduate School of Business and
acting comptroller, was elected a
member of the board of trustees of
the Pacific School of Religion at
Berkeley, it was announced yester
day in Berkeley.
Dean J. Hugh Jackson, of the
Graduate School of Business and
acting comptroller, was elected a
member of the board of trustees of
the Pacific School of Religion at
Berkeley, it was announced yester
day in Berkeley.
Dean J. Hugh Jackson, of the
Graduate School of Business and
acting comptroller, was elected a
member of the board of trustees of
the Pacific School of Religion at
Berkeley, it was announced yester
day in Berkeley.
Dean J. Hugh Jackson, of the
Graduate School of Business and
acting comptroller, was elected a
member of the board of trustees of
the Pacific School of Religion at
Berkeley, it was announced yester
day in Berkeley.
Dean J. Hugh Jackson, of the
Graduate School of Business and
acting comptroller, was elected a
member of the board of trustees of
the Pacific School of Religion at
Berkeley, it was announced yester
day in Berkeley.
Dean J. Hugh Jackson, of the
Graduate School of Business and
acting comptroller, was elected a
member of the board of trustees of
the Pacific School of Religion at
Berkeley, it was announced yester
day in Berkeley.
Dean J. Hugh Jackson, of the
Graduate School of Business and
acting comptroller, was elected a
member of the board of trustees of
the Pacific School of Religion at
Berkeley, it was announced yester
day in Berkeley.
Dean J. Hugh Jackson, of the
Graduate School of Business and
acting comptroller, was elected a
member of the board of trustees of
the Pacific School of Religion at
Berkeley, it was announced yester
day in Berkeley.
Dean J. Hugh Jackson, of the
Graduate School of Business and
acting comptroller, was elected a
member of the board of trustees of
the Pacific School of Religion at
Berkeley, it was announced yester
day in Berkeley.
