# Yehudi Autographs Ready; Iturbi Due
## 
### 
According to an announcement
from the Concert Series Bureau, au
tographed copies of the Yehudi
Menuhin program are available now
for all those who ordered them
backstage after the concert. These
programs will he held at the Con
cert Series office in the Old Union
for a limited time.
Also to be obtained are seats on
the stage or over the orchestra pit
for the Jose Iturbi concert. The
tickets are on sale at $2. Iturbi,
famous conductor-pianist, will play
at Stanford January 4 in the Memo
rial Theater.
According to an announcement
from the Concert Series Bureau, au
tographed copies of the Yehudi
Menuhin program are available now
for all those who ordered them
backstage after the concert. These
programs will he held at the Con
cert Series office in the Old Union
for a limited time.
Also to be obtained are seats on
the stage or over the orchestra pit
for the Jose Iturbi concert. The
tickets are on sale at $2. Iturbi,
famous conductor-pianist, will play
at Stanford January 4 in the Memo
rial Theater.
According to an announcement
from the Concert Series Bureau, au
tographed copies of the Yehudi
Menuhin program are available now
for all those who ordered them
backstage after the concert. These
programs will he held at the Con
cert Series office in the Old Union
for a limited time.
Also to be obtained are seats on
the stage or over the orchestra pit
for the Jose Iturbi concert. The
tickets are on sale at $2. Iturbi,
famous conductor-pianist, will play
at Stanford January 4 in the Memo
rial Theater.
According to an announcement
from the Concert Series Bureau, au
tographed copies of the Yehudi
Menuhin program are available now
for all those who ordered them
backstage after the concert. These
programs will he held at the Con
cert Series office in the Old Union
for a limited time.
Also to be obtained are seats on
the stage or over the orchestra pit
for the Jose Iturbi concert. The
tickets are on sale at $2. Iturbi,
famous conductor-pianist, will play
at Stanford January 4 in the Memo
rial Theater.
According to an announcement
from the Concert Series Bureau, au
tographed copies of the Yehudi
Menuhin program are available now
for all those who ordered them
backstage after the concert. These
programs will he held at the Con
cert Series office in the Old Union
for a limited time.
Also to be obtained are seats on
the stage or over the orchestra pit
for the Jose Iturbi concert. The
tickets are on sale at $2. Iturbi,
famous conductor-pianist, will play
at Stanford January 4 in the Memo
rial Theater.
According to an announcement
from the Concert Series Bureau, au
tographed copies of the Yehudi
Menuhin program are available now
for all those who ordered them
backstage after the concert. These
programs will he held at the Con
cert Series office in the Old Union
for a limited time.
Also to be obtained are seats on
the stage or over the orchestra pit
for the Jose Iturbi concert. The
tickets are on sale at $2. Iturbi,
famous conductor-pianist, will play
at Stanford January 4 in the Memo
rial Theater.
According to an announcement
from the Concert Series Bureau, au
tographed copies of the Yehudi
Menuhin program are available now
for all those who ordered them
backstage after the concert. These
programs will he held at the Con
cert Series office in the Old Union
for a limited time.
Also to be obtained are seats on
the stage or over the orchestra pit
for the Jose Iturbi concert. The
tickets are on sale at $2. Iturbi,
famous conductor-pianist, will play
at Stanford January 4 in the Memo
rial Theater.
According to an announcement
from the Concert Series Bureau, au
tographed copies of the Yehudi
Menuhin program are available now
for all those who ordered them
backstage after the concert. These
programs will he held at the Con
cert Series office in the Old Union
for a limited time.
Also to be obtained are seats on
the stage or over the orchestra pit
for the Jose Iturbi concert. The
tickets are on sale at $2. Iturbi,
famous conductor-pianist, will play
at Stanford January 4 in the Memo
rial Theater.
According to an announcement
from the Concert Series Bureau, au
tographed copies of the Yehudi
Menuhin program are available now
for all those who ordered them
backstage after the concert. These
programs will he held at the Con
cert Series office in the Old Union
for a limited time.
Also to be obtained are seats on
the stage or over the orchestra pit
for the Jose Iturbi concert. The
tickets are on sale at $2. Iturbi,
famous conductor-pianist, will play
at Stanford January 4 in the Memo
rial Theater.
According to an announcement
from the Concert Series Bureau, au
tographed copies of the Yehudi
Menuhin program are available now
for all those who ordered them
backstage after the concert. These
programs will he held at the Con
cert Series office in the Old Union
for a limited time.
Also to be obtained are seats on
the stage or over the orchestra pit
for the Jose Iturbi concert. The
tickets are on sale at $2. Iturbi,
famous conductor-pianist, will play
at Stanford January 4 in the Memo
rial Theater.
According to an announcement
from the Concert Series Bureau, au
tographed copies of the Yehudi
Menuhin program are available now
for all those who ordered them
backstage after the concert. These
programs will he held at the Con
cert Series office in the Old Union
for a limited time.
Also to be obtained are seats on
the stage or over the orchestra pit
for the Jose Iturbi concert. The
tickets are on sale at $2. Iturbi,
famous conductor-pianist, will play
at Stanford January 4 in the Memo
rial Theater.
According to an announcement
from the Concert Series Bureau, au
tographed copies of the Yehudi
Menuhin program are available now
for all those who ordered them
backstage after the concert. These
programs will he held at the Con
cert Series office in the Old Union
for a limited time.
Also to be obtained are seats on
the stage or over the orchestra pit
for the Jose Iturbi concert. The
tickets are on sale at $2. Iturbi,
famous conductor-pianist, will play
at Stanford January 4 in the Memo
rial Theater.
According to an announcement
from the Concert Series Bureau, au
tographed copies of the Yehudi
Menuhin program are available now
for all those who ordered them
backstage after the concert. These
programs will he held at the Con
cert Series office in the Old Union
for a limited time.
Also to be obtained are seats on
the stage or over the orchestra pit
for the Jose Iturbi concert. The
tickets are on sale at $2. Iturbi,
famous conductor-pianist, will play
at Stanford January 4 in the Memo
rial Theater.
According to an announcement
from the Concert Series Bureau, au
tographed copies of the Yehudi
Menuhin program are available now
for all those who ordered them
backstage after the concert. These
programs will he held at the Con
cert Series office in the Old Union
for a limited time.
Also to be obtained are seats on
the stage or over the orchestra pit
for the Jose Iturbi concert. The
tickets are on sale at $2. Iturbi,
famous conductor-pianist, will play
at Stanford January 4 in the Memo
rial Theater.
According to an announcement
from the Concert Series Bureau, au
tographed copies of the Yehudi
Menuhin program are available now
for all those who ordered them
backstage after the concert. These
programs will he held at the Con
cert Series office in the Old Union
for a limited time.
Also to be obtained are seats on
the stage or over the orchestra pit
for the Jose Iturbi concert. The
tickets are on sale at $2. Iturbi,
famous conductor-pianist, will play
at Stanford January 4 in the Memo
rial Theater.
