# Adv. 20 Page 8
## 
### 
Committee Opening
ASSU ELECTIONS
HEARING COMMITTEE
Chair & 2 Members
The Hearing Committee reviews allegations of
election misconduct and recommends
appropriate sanctions to the Senate.
Applications are available at the ASSU Office
and are due on Thurs., April 4, at 5:00 p.m.
Committee Opening
ASSU ELECTIONS
HEARING COMMITTEE
Chair & 2 Members
The Hearing Committee reviews allegations of
election misconduct and recommends
appropriate sanctions to the Senate.
Applications are available at the ASSU Office
and are due on Thurs., April 4, at 5:00 p.m.
Committee Opening
ASSU ELECTIONS
HEARING COMMITTEE
Chair & 2 Members
The Hearing Committee reviews allegations of
election misconduct and recommends
appropriate sanctions to the Senate.
Applications are available at the ASSU Office
and are due on Thurs., April 4, at 5:00 p.m.
Committee Opening
ASSU ELECTIONS
HEARING COMMITTEE
Chair & 2 Members
The Hearing Committee reviews allegations of
election misconduct and recommends
appropriate sanctions to the Senate.
Applications are available at the ASSU Office
and are due on Thurs., April 4, at 5:00 p.m.
Committee Opening
ASSU ELECTIONS
HEARING COMMITTEE
Chair & 2 Members
The Hearing Committee reviews allegations of
election misconduct and recommends
appropriate sanctions to the Senate.
Applications are available at the ASSU Office
and are due on Thurs., April 4, at 5:00 p.m.
Committee Opening
ASSU ELECTIONS
HEARING COMMITTEE
Chair & 2 Members
The Hearing Committee reviews allegations of
election misconduct and recommends
appropriate sanctions to the Senate.
Applications are available at the ASSU Office
and are due on Thurs., April 4, at 5:00 p.m.
Committee Opening
ASSU ELECTIONS
HEARING COMMITTEE
Chair & 2 Members
The Hearing Committee reviews allegations of
election misconduct and recommends
appropriate sanctions to the Senate.
Applications are available at the ASSU Office
and are due on Thurs., April 4, at 5:00 p.m.
