# TUITION INCREASE OPPOSED
## 
### 
Students of the College of Puget
Sound opposed an increase in their
tuition fees by a two-thirds majority
their opinion on the subject.
Students of the College of Puget
Sound opposed an increase in their
tuition fees by a two-thirds majority
their opinion on the subject.
Students of the College of Puget
Sound opposed an increase in their
tuition fees by a two-thirds majority
their opinion on the subject.
Students of the College of Puget
Sound opposed an increase in their
tuition fees by a two-thirds majority
their opinion on the subject.
Students of the College of Puget
Sound opposed an increase in their
tuition fees by a two-thirds majority
their opinion on the subject.
Students of the College of Puget
Sound opposed an increase in their
tuition fees by a two-thirds majority
their opinion on the subject.
Students of the College of Puget
Sound opposed an increase in their
tuition fees by a two-thirds majority
their opinion on the subject.
Students of the College of Puget
Sound opposed an increase in their
tuition fees by a two-thirds majority
their opinion on the subject.
Students of the College of Puget
Sound opposed an increase in their
tuition fees by a two-thirds majority
their opinion on the subject.
Students of the College of Puget
Sound opposed an increase in their
tuition fees by a two-thirds majority
their opinion on the subject.
Students of the College of Puget
Sound opposed an increase in their
tuition fees by a two-thirds majority
their opinion on the subject.
Students of the College of Puget
Sound opposed an increase in their
tuition fees by a two-thirds majority
their opinion on the subject.
Students of the College of Puget
Sound opposed an increase in their
tuition fees by a two-thirds majority
their opinion on the subject.
Students of the College of Puget
Sound opposed an increase in their
tuition fees by a two-thirds majority
their opinion on the subject.
