# ENTERTAIN HONOR FRESHMEN
## 
### 
The members of Phi Beta Kappa at
the University of North Carolina re
cently entertained all the freshmen
whose names appeared on the honor
roll.
The members of Phi Beta Kappa at
the University of North Carolina re
cently entertained all the freshmen
whose names appeared on the honor
roll.
The members of Phi Beta Kappa at
the University of North Carolina re
cently entertained all the freshmen
whose names appeared on the honor
roll.
The members of Phi Beta Kappa at
the University of North Carolina re
cently entertained all the freshmen
whose names appeared on the honor
roll.
The members of Phi Beta Kappa at
the University of North Carolina re
cently entertained all the freshmen
whose names appeared on the honor
roll.
The members of Phi Beta Kappa at
the University of North Carolina re
cently entertained all the freshmen
whose names appeared on the honor
roll.
The members of Phi Beta Kappa at
the University of North Carolina re
cently entertained all the freshmen
whose names appeared on the honor
roll.
The members of Phi Beta Kappa at
the University of North Carolina re
cently entertained all the freshmen
whose names appeared on the honor
roll.
The members of Phi Beta Kappa at
the University of North Carolina re
cently entertained all the freshmen
whose names appeared on the honor
roll.
The members of Phi Beta Kappa at
the University of North Carolina re
cently entertained all the freshmen
whose names appeared on the honor
roll.
The members of Phi Beta Kappa at
the University of North Carolina re
cently entertained all the freshmen
whose names appeared on the honor
roll.
The members of Phi Beta Kappa at
the University of North Carolina re
cently entertained all the freshmen
whose names appeared on the honor
roll.
The members of Phi Beta Kappa at
the University of North Carolina re
cently entertained all the freshmen
whose names appeared on the honor
roll.
The members of Phi Beta Kappa at
the University of North Carolina re
cently entertained all the freshmen
whose names appeared on the honor
roll.
