# Bill Richardson Sure Of Victory Over Old Rivals
## 
### 
That Stanford can be assured of
another victory over California in the
thirty-second annual track meet to
morrow afternoon in the Stanford sta
dium is the firm belief of both Coach
Dink Templeton and Captain Bill
Richardson. At a banquet of the Stan
ford Club in San Francisco yesterday,
Templeton stated that Stanford would
win the meet by a close margin, giving
the Cardinals a little advantage in the
track events, but balancing this with
a Bear advantage in the field events.
The Stanford mentor is sure that
Richardson will defeat Boyden this
year. He says that the Cardinal cap
tain is in the best condition of his
career, and that his lack of worrying
this year will be a big factor in his
favor. "I believe that Richardson could
break the world's record in the 880 on
a good track and on a good day and
when properly paced," said Dink Tem
pleton.
Captain Richardson is also of the
opinion that the meet will be close
throughout, with every event develop
ing into a real battle. The Stanford
leader is confident that his team will
take the honors, however, and is also
quoted as saying that this year's team
is one of the strongest in the history
of the University.
That Stanford can be assured of
another victory over California in the
thirty-second annual track meet to
morrow afternoon in the Stanford sta
dium is the firm belief of both Coach
Dink Templeton and Captain Bill
Richardson. At a banquet of the Stan
ford Club in San Francisco yesterday,
Templeton stated that Stanford would
win the meet by a close margin, giving
the Cardinals a little advantage in the
track events, but balancing this with
a Bear advantage in the field events.
The Stanford mentor is sure that
Richardson will defeat Boyden this
year. He says that the Cardinal cap
tain is in the best condition of his
career, and that his lack of worrying
this year will be a big factor in his
favor. "I believe that Richardson could
break the world's record in the 880 on
a good track and on a good day and
when properly paced," said Dink Tem
pleton.
Captain Richardson is also of the
opinion that the meet will be close
throughout, with every event develop
ing into a real battle. The Stanford
leader is confident that his team will
take the honors, however, and is also
quoted as saying that this year's team
is one of the strongest in the history
of the University.
That Stanford can be assured of
another victory over California in the
thirty-second annual track meet to
morrow afternoon in the Stanford sta
dium is the firm belief of both Coach
Dink Templeton and Captain Bill
Richardson. At a banquet of the Stan
ford Club in San Francisco yesterday,
Templeton stated that Stanford would
win the meet by a close margin, giving
the Cardinals a little advantage in the
track events, but balancing this with
a Bear advantage in the field events.
The Stanford mentor is sure that
Richardson will defeat Boyden this
year. He says that the Cardinal cap
tain is in the best condition of his
career, and that his lack of worrying
this year will be a big factor in his
favor. "I believe that Richardson could
break the world's record in the 880 on
a good track and on a good day and
when properly paced," said Dink Tem
pleton.
Captain Richardson is also of the
opinion that the meet will be close
throughout, with every event develop
ing into a real battle. The Stanford
leader is confident that his team will
take the honors, however, and is also
quoted as saying that this year's team
is one of the strongest in the history
of the University.
That Stanford can be assured of
another victory over California in the
thirty-second annual track meet to
morrow afternoon in the Stanford sta
dium is the firm belief of both Coach
Dink Templeton and Captain Bill
Richardson. At a banquet of the Stan
ford Club in San Francisco yesterday,
Templeton stated that Stanford would
win the meet by a close margin, giving
the Cardinals a little advantage in the
track events, but balancing this with
a Bear advantage in the field events.
The Stanford mentor is sure that
Richardson will defeat Boyden this
year. He says that the Cardinal cap
tain is in the best condition of his
career, and that his lack of worrying
this year will be a big factor in his
favor. "I believe that Richardson could
break the world's record in the 880 on
a good track and on a good day and
when properly paced," said Dink Tem
pleton.
Captain Richardson is also of the
opinion that the meet will be close
throughout, with every event develop
ing into a real battle. The Stanford
leader is confident that his team will
take the honors, however, and is also
quoted as saying that this year's team
is one of the strongest in the history
of the University.
That Stanford can be assured of
another victory over California in the
thirty-second annual track meet to
morrow afternoon in the Stanford sta
dium is the firm belief of both Coach
Dink Templeton and Captain Bill
Richardson. At a banquet of the Stan
ford Club in San Francisco yesterday,
Templeton stated that Stanford would
win the meet by a close margin, giving
the Cardinals a little advantage in the
track events, but balancing this with
a Bear advantage in the field events.
The Stanford mentor is sure that
Richardson will defeat Boyden this
year. He says that the Cardinal cap
tain is in the best condition of his
career, and that his lack of worrying
this year will be a big factor in his
favor. "I believe that Richardson could
break the world's record in the 880 on
a good track and on a good day and
when properly paced," said Dink Tem
pleton.
Captain Richardson is also of the
opinion that the meet will be close
throughout, with every event develop
ing into a real battle. The Stanford
leader is confident that his team will
take the honors, however, and is also
quoted as saying that this year's team
is one of the strongest in the history
of the University.
That Stanford can be assured of
another victory over California in the
thirty-second annual track meet to
morrow afternoon in the Stanford sta
dium is the firm belief of both Coach
Dink Templeton and Captain Bill
Richardson. At a banquet of the Stan
ford Club in San Francisco yesterday,
Templeton stated that Stanford would
win the meet by a close margin, giving
the Cardinals a little advantage in the
track events, but balancing this with
a Bear advantage in the field events.
The Stanford mentor is sure that
Richardson will defeat Boyden this
year. He says that the Cardinal cap
tain is in the best condition of his
career, and that his lack of worrying
this year will be a big factor in his
favor. "I believe that Richardson could
break the world's record in the 880 on
a good track and on a good day and
when properly paced," said Dink Tem
pleton.
Captain Richardson is also of the
opinion that the meet will be close
throughout, with every event develop
ing into a real battle. The Stanford
leader is confident that his team will
take the honors, however, and is also
quoted as saying that this year's team
is one of the strongest in the history
of the University.
That Stanford can be assured of
another victory over California in the
thirty-second annual track meet to
morrow afternoon in the Stanford sta
dium is the firm belief of both Coach
Dink Templeton and Captain Bill
Richardson. At a banquet of the Stan
ford Club in San Francisco yesterday,
Templeton stated that Stanford would
win the meet by a close margin, giving
the Cardinals a little advantage in the
track events, but balancing this with
a Bear advantage in the field events.
The Stanford mentor is sure that
Richardson will defeat Boyden this
year. He says that the Cardinal cap
tain is in the best condition of his
career, and that his lack of worrying
this year will be a big factor in his
favor. "I believe that Richardson could
break the world's record in the 880 on
a good track and on a good day and
when properly paced," said Dink Tem
pleton.
Captain Richardson is also of the
opinion that the meet will be close
throughout, with every event develop
ing into a real battle. The Stanford
leader is confident that his team will
take the honors, however, and is also
quoted as saying that this year's team
is one of the strongest in the history
of the University.
That Stanford can be assured of
another victory over California in the
thirty-second annual track meet to
morrow afternoon in the Stanford sta
dium is the firm belief of both Coach
Dink Templeton and Captain Bill
Richardson. At a banquet of the Stan
ford Club in San Francisco yesterday,
Templeton stated that Stanford would
win the meet by a close margin, giving
the Cardinals a little advantage in the
track events, but balancing this with
a Bear advantage in the field events.
The Stanford mentor is sure that
Richardson will defeat Boyden this
year. He says that the Cardinal cap
tain is in the best condition of his
career, and that his lack of worrying
this year will be a big factor in his
favor. "I believe that Richardson could
break the world's record in the 880 on
a good track and on a good day and
when properly paced," said Dink Tem
pleton.
Captain Richardson is also of the
opinion that the meet will be close
throughout, with every event develop
ing into a real battle. The Stanford
leader is confident that his team will
take the honors, however, and is also
quoted as saying that this year's team
is one of the strongest in the history
of the University.
That Stanford can be assured of
another victory over California in the
thirty-second annual track meet to
morrow afternoon in the Stanford sta
dium is the firm belief of both Coach
Dink Templeton and Captain Bill
Richardson. At a banquet of the Stan
ford Club in San Francisco yesterday,
Templeton stated that Stanford would
win the meet by a close margin, giving
the Cardinals a little advantage in the
track events, but balancing this with
a Bear advantage in the field events.
The Stanford mentor is sure that
Richardson will defeat Boyden this
year. He says that the Cardinal cap
tain is in the best condition of his
career, and that his lack of worrying
this year will be a big factor in his
favor. "I believe that Richardson could
break the world's record in the 880 on
a good track and on a good day and
when properly paced," said Dink Tem
pleton.
Captain Richardson is also of the
opinion that the meet will be close
throughout, with every event develop
ing into a real battle. The Stanford
leader is confident that his team will
take the honors, however, and is also
quoted as saying that this year's team
is one of the strongest in the history
of the University.
That Stanford can be assured of
another victory over California in the
thirty-second annual track meet to
morrow afternoon in the Stanford sta
dium is the firm belief of both Coach
Dink Templeton and Captain Bill
Richardson. At a banquet of the Stan
ford Club in San Francisco yesterday,
Templeton stated that Stanford would
win the meet by a close margin, giving
the Cardinals a little advantage in the
track events, but balancing this with
a Bear advantage in the field events.
The Stanford mentor is sure that
Richardson will defeat Boyden this
year. He says that the Cardinal cap
tain is in the best condition of his
career, and that his lack of worrying
this year will be a big factor in his
favor. "I believe that Richardson could
break the world's record in the 880 on
a good track and on a good day and
when properly paced," said Dink Tem
pleton.
Captain Richardson is also of the
opinion that the meet will be close
throughout, with every event develop
ing into a real battle. The Stanford
leader is confident that his team will
take the honors, however, and is also
quoted as saying that this year's team
is one of the strongest in the history
of the University.
That Stanford can be assured of
another victory over California in the
thirty-second annual track meet to
morrow afternoon in the Stanford sta
dium is the firm belief of both Coach
Dink Templeton and Captain Bill
Richardson. At a banquet of the Stan
ford Club in San Francisco yesterday,
Templeton stated that Stanford would
win the meet by a close margin, giving
the Cardinals a little advantage in the
track events, but balancing this with
a Bear advantage in the field events.
The Stanford mentor is sure that
Richardson will defeat Boyden this
year. He says that the Cardinal cap
tain is in the best condition of his
career, and that his lack of worrying
this year will be a big factor in his
favor. "I believe that Richardson could
break the world's record in the 880 on
a good track and on a good day and
when properly paced," said Dink Tem
pleton.
Captain Richardson is also of the
opinion that the meet will be close
throughout, with every event develop
ing into a real battle. The Stanford
leader is confident that his team will
take the honors, however, and is also
quoted as saying that this year's team
is one of the strongest in the history
of the University.
That Stanford can be assured of
another victory over California in the
thirty-second annual track meet to
morrow afternoon in the Stanford sta
dium is the firm belief of both Coach
Dink Templeton and Captain Bill
Richardson. At a banquet of the Stan
ford Club in San Francisco yesterday,
Templeton stated that Stanford would
win the meet by a close margin, giving
the Cardinals a little advantage in the
track events, but balancing this with
a Bear advantage in the field events.
The Stanford mentor is sure that
Richardson will defeat Boyden this
year. He says that the Cardinal cap
tain is in the best condition of his
career, and that his lack of worrying
this year will be a big factor in his
favor. "I believe that Richardson could
break the world's record in the 880 on
a good track and on a good day and
when properly paced," said Dink Tem
pleton.
Captain Richardson is also of the
opinion that the meet will be close
throughout, with every event develop
ing into a real battle. The Stanford
leader is confident that his team will
take the honors, however, and is also
quoted as saying that this year's team
is one of the strongest in the history
of the University.
That Stanford can be assured of
another victory over California in the
thirty-second annual track meet to
morrow afternoon in the Stanford sta
dium is the firm belief of both Coach
Dink Templeton and Captain Bill
Richardson. At a banquet of the Stan
ford Club in San Francisco yesterday,
Templeton stated that Stanford would
win the meet by a close margin, giving
the Cardinals a little advantage in the
track events, but balancing this with
a Bear advantage in the field events.
The Stanford mentor is sure that
Richardson will defeat Boyden this
year. He says that the Cardinal cap
tain is in the best condition of his
career, and that his lack of worrying
this year will be a big factor in his
favor. "I believe that Richardson could
break the world's record in the 880 on
a good track and on a good day and
when properly paced," said Dink Tem
pleton.
Captain Richardson is also of the
opinion that the meet will be close
throughout, with every event develop
ing into a real battle. The Stanford
leader is confident that his team will
take the honors, however, and is also
quoted as saying that this year's team
is one of the strongest in the history
of the University.
That Stanford can be assured of
another victory over California in the
thirty-second annual track meet to
morrow afternoon in the Stanford sta
dium is the firm belief of both Coach
Dink Templeton and Captain Bill
Richardson. At a banquet of the Stan
ford Club in San Francisco yesterday,
Templeton stated that Stanford would
win the meet by a close margin, giving
the Cardinals a little advantage in the
track events, but balancing this with
a Bear advantage in the field events.
The Stanford mentor is sure that
Richardson will defeat Boyden this
year. He says that the Cardinal cap
tain is in the best condition of his
career, and that his lack of worrying
this year will be a big factor in his
favor. "I believe that Richardson could
break the world's record in the 880 on
a good track and on a good day and
when properly paced," said Dink Tem
pleton.
Captain Richardson is also of the
opinion that the meet will be close
throughout, with every event develop
ing into a real battle. The Stanford
leader is confident that his team will
take the honors, however, and is also
quoted as saying that this year's team
is one of the strongest in the history
of the University.
