# RALLY COMMITTEE ISSUES RULES FOR BIG MEET ROOTERS
## 
### 
All rooters should be in their
scats at the stadium Saturday by
1:15 o'clock and must wear white
shirts and rooters' hats, accord
ing to a statement made by Cal
Conron, chairman of the Rally
Committee.
All Stanford men are especially
urged to sit in the rooting section
for the rally committee has made
plans to perfect the organization
of this body. Also if the section
is to be a success men must come
early and till in the front seats
first, thereby lessening the dis
organization which a few strag
glers will cause.
No big stunts will be carried
out, but several stunts with the
rooters' hats will be pulled off.
All rooters should be in their
scats at the stadium Saturday by
1:15 o'clock and must wear white
shirts and rooters' hats, accord
ing to a statement made by Cal
Conron, chairman of the Rally
Committee.
All Stanford men are especially
urged to sit in the rooting section
for the rally committee has made
plans to perfect the organization
of this body. Also if the section
is to be a success men must come
early and till in the front seats
first, thereby lessening the dis
organization which a few strag
glers will cause.
No big stunts will be carried
out, but several stunts with the
rooters' hats will be pulled off.
All rooters should be in their
scats at the stadium Saturday by
1:15 o'clock and must wear white
shirts and rooters' hats, accord
ing to a statement made by Cal
Conron, chairman of the Rally
Committee.
All Stanford men are especially
urged to sit in the rooting section
for the rally committee has made
plans to perfect the organization
of this body. Also if the section
is to be a success men must come
early and till in the front seats
first, thereby lessening the dis
organization which a few strag
glers will cause.
No big stunts will be carried
out, but several stunts with the
rooters' hats will be pulled off.
All rooters should be in their
scats at the stadium Saturday by
1:15 o'clock and must wear white
shirts and rooters' hats, accord
ing to a statement made by Cal
Conron, chairman of the Rally
Committee.
All Stanford men are especially
urged to sit in the rooting section
for the rally committee has made
plans to perfect the organization
of this body. Also if the section
is to be a success men must come
early and till in the front seats
first, thereby lessening the dis
organization which a few strag
glers will cause.
No big stunts will be carried
out, but several stunts with the
rooters' hats will be pulled off.
All rooters should be in their
scats at the stadium Saturday by
1:15 o'clock and must wear white
shirts and rooters' hats, accord
ing to a statement made by Cal
Conron, chairman of the Rally
Committee.
All Stanford men are especially
urged to sit in the rooting section
for the rally committee has made
plans to perfect the organization
of this body. Also if the section
is to be a success men must come
early and till in the front seats
first, thereby lessening the dis
organization which a few strag
glers will cause.
No big stunts will be carried
out, but several stunts with the
rooters' hats will be pulled off.
All rooters should be in their
scats at the stadium Saturday by
1:15 o'clock and must wear white
shirts and rooters' hats, accord
ing to a statement made by Cal
Conron, chairman of the Rally
Committee.
All Stanford men are especially
urged to sit in the rooting section
for the rally committee has made
plans to perfect the organization
of this body. Also if the section
is to be a success men must come
early and till in the front seats
first, thereby lessening the dis
organization which a few strag
glers will cause.
No big stunts will be carried
out, but several stunts with the
rooters' hats will be pulled off.
All rooters should be in their
scats at the stadium Saturday by
1:15 o'clock and must wear white
shirts and rooters' hats, accord
ing to a statement made by Cal
Conron, chairman of the Rally
Committee.
All Stanford men are especially
urged to sit in the rooting section
for the rally committee has made
plans to perfect the organization
of this body. Also if the section
is to be a success men must come
early and till in the front seats
first, thereby lessening the dis
organization which a few strag
glers will cause.
No big stunts will be carried
out, but several stunts with the
rooters' hats will be pulled off.
All rooters should be in their
scats at the stadium Saturday by
1:15 o'clock and must wear white
shirts and rooters' hats, accord
ing to a statement made by Cal
Conron, chairman of the Rally
Committee.
All Stanford men are especially
urged to sit in the rooting section
for the rally committee has made
plans to perfect the organization
of this body. Also if the section
is to be a success men must come
early and till in the front seats
first, thereby lessening the dis
organization which a few strag
glers will cause.
No big stunts will be carried
out, but several stunts with the
rooters' hats will be pulled off.
All rooters should be in their
scats at the stadium Saturday by
1:15 o'clock and must wear white
shirts and rooters' hats, accord
ing to a statement made by Cal
Conron, chairman of the Rally
Committee.
All Stanford men are especially
urged to sit in the rooting section
for the rally committee has made
plans to perfect the organization
of this body. Also if the section
is to be a success men must come
early and till in the front seats
first, thereby lessening the dis
organization which a few strag
glers will cause.
No big stunts will be carried
out, but several stunts with the
rooters' hats will be pulled off.
All rooters should be in their
scats at the stadium Saturday by
1:15 o'clock and must wear white
shirts and rooters' hats, accord
ing to a statement made by Cal
Conron, chairman of the Rally
Committee.
All Stanford men are especially
urged to sit in the rooting section
for the rally committee has made
plans to perfect the organization
of this body. Also if the section
is to be a success men must come
early and till in the front seats
first, thereby lessening the dis
organization which a few strag
glers will cause.
No big stunts will be carried
out, but several stunts with the
rooters' hats will be pulled off.
All rooters should be in their
scats at the stadium Saturday by
1:15 o'clock and must wear white
shirts and rooters' hats, accord
ing to a statement made by Cal
Conron, chairman of the Rally
Committee.
All Stanford men are especially
urged to sit in the rooting section
for the rally committee has made
plans to perfect the organization
of this body. Also if the section
is to be a success men must come
early and till in the front seats
first, thereby lessening the dis
organization which a few strag
glers will cause.
No big stunts will be carried
out, but several stunts with the
rooters' hats will be pulled off.
All rooters should be in their
scats at the stadium Saturday by
1:15 o'clock and must wear white
shirts and rooters' hats, accord
ing to a statement made by Cal
Conron, chairman of the Rally
Committee.
All Stanford men are especially
urged to sit in the rooting section
for the rally committee has made
plans to perfect the organization
of this body. Also if the section
is to be a success men must come
early and till in the front seats
first, thereby lessening the dis
organization which a few strag
glers will cause.
No big stunts will be carried
out, but several stunts with the
rooters' hats will be pulled off.
All rooters should be in their
scats at the stadium Saturday by
1:15 o'clock and must wear white
shirts and rooters' hats, accord
ing to a statement made by Cal
Conron, chairman of the Rally
Committee.
All Stanford men are especially
urged to sit in the rooting section
for the rally committee has made
plans to perfect the organization
of this body. Also if the section
is to be a success men must come
early and till in the front seats
first, thereby lessening the dis
organization which a few strag
glers will cause.
No big stunts will be carried
out, but several stunts with the
rooters' hats will be pulled off.
All rooters should be in their
scats at the stadium Saturday by
1:15 o'clock and must wear white
shirts and rooters' hats, accord
ing to a statement made by Cal
Conron, chairman of the Rally
Committee.
All Stanford men are especially
urged to sit in the rooting section
for the rally committee has made
plans to perfect the organization
of this body. Also if the section
is to be a success men must come
early and till in the front seats
first, thereby lessening the dis
organization which a few strag
glers will cause.
No big stunts will be carried
out, but several stunts with the
rooters' hats will be pulled off.
