# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The first "Syllabus of Music His
tory" ever compiled, was recently pre
pared by professors in the school of
music at the University of Wisconsin.
The first "Syllabus of Music His
tory" ever compiled, was recently pre
pared by professors in the school of
music at the University of Wisconsin.
The first "Syllabus of Music His
tory" ever compiled, was recently pre
pared by professors in the school of
music at the University of Wisconsin.
The first "Syllabus of Music His
tory" ever compiled, was recently pre
pared by professors in the school of
music at the University of Wisconsin.
The first "Syllabus of Music His
tory" ever compiled, was recently pre
pared by professors in the school of
music at the University of Wisconsin.
The first "Syllabus of Music His
tory" ever compiled, was recently pre
pared by professors in the school of
music at the University of Wisconsin.
The first "Syllabus of Music His
tory" ever compiled, was recently pre
pared by professors in the school of
music at the University of Wisconsin.
The first "Syllabus of Music His
tory" ever compiled, was recently pre
pared by professors in the school of
music at the University of Wisconsin.
The first "Syllabus of Music His
tory" ever compiled, was recently pre
pared by professors in the school of
music at the University of Wisconsin.
The first "Syllabus of Music His
tory" ever compiled, was recently pre
pared by professors in the school of
music at the University of Wisconsin.
The first "Syllabus of Music His
tory" ever compiled, was recently pre
pared by professors in the school of
music at the University of Wisconsin.
The first "Syllabus of Music His
tory" ever compiled, was recently pre
pared by professors in the school of
music at the University of Wisconsin.
The first "Syllabus of Music His
tory" ever compiled, was recently pre
pared by professors in the school of
music at the University of Wisconsin.
The first "Syllabus of Music His
tory" ever compiled, was recently pre
pared by professors in the school of
music at the University of Wisconsin.
The first "Syllabus of Music His
tory" ever compiled, was recently pre
pared by professors in the school of
music at the University of Wisconsin.
