# RESEARCH
## Study finds sites leak user information Report attracts media attention nationally 
### SANDY HUANG 
Privacy leaks occur on 185 of the
Internet's top visited websites, ac
cording to a recent study by Stan
ford Law School's Center for Inter
net and Society (CIS). The report
was authored by Jonathan Mayer, a
graduate student in computer sci
ence and at the School of Law. The
report was released last Tuesday at
a conference in Washington, D.C.
hosted by the National Press Club.
Since its release, the report has
attracted the attention of national
media. Mayer wrote in an email to
The Daily that he was not expecting
the amount of press coverage the
study has received.

"We announced our results at
the National Press Club, so we cer
tainly expected some coverage,"
Mayer said. "But what we were pre
senting was already conventional
wisdom among computer security
researchers."

"If anything, I find the coverage
greatly concerning," he continued.
"It reaffirms that there is a sizable
disconnect between business prac
tices and consumer understanding."
In the study, Mayer used a
methodology that was similar to
one developed in a recent paper co
authored by professors at the
Worcester Polytechnic Institute,
which also showed that online in
formation leakage was a common
occurrence. According to Mayer,
the new study decided to focus on
the identification of the informa
tion leakage and included a greater
number of websites.
He looked at the top 250 most
visited websites and signed up as a
member of 185 of those sites. Of
those 185 sites, 113 leaked a user
name or user ID.

In order to reduce false posi
tives, the study used fictional per
sonas with unique biographical
characteristics. Mayer added that
the only websites that the report
analyzed were ones that offered
sign-ups, did not require purchase
or qualifications to join and did not
have an "impractical amount of fea

tures." The study did not observe
how companies used leaked infor
mation or when explicitly the leak
age was observed.
The results of the study showed
that the top five recipients of
leaked information were corn-
Score, Google Analytics, Quant
cast, Google Advertising and Face
book. It also discovered that the
top three sites that leaked infor
mation were Rotten Tomatoes,
Cafe Mom and Lyrics Mode. The
websites iVillage, Live Journal and
National Geographic were tied for
fourth in leaking the most user in
formation.

Contact Sandy Huang at sun
huang@stanford. edu.
Privacy leaks occur on 185 of the
Internet's top visited websites, ac
cording to a recent study by Stan
ford Law School's Center for Inter
net and Society (CIS). The report
was authored by Jonathan Mayer, a
graduate student in computer sci
ence and at the School of Law. The
report was released last Tuesday at
a conference in Washington, D.C.
hosted by the National Press Club.
Since its release, the report has
attracted the attention of national
media. Mayer wrote in an email to
The Daily that he was not expecting
the amount of press coverage the
study has received.

"We announced our results at
the National Press Club, so we cer
tainly expected some coverage,"
Mayer said. "But what we were pre
senting was already conventional
wisdom among computer security
researchers."

"If anything, I find the coverage
greatly concerning," he continued.
"It reaffirms that there is a sizable
disconnect between business prac
tices and consumer understanding."
In the study, Mayer used a
methodology that was similar to
one developed in a recent paper co
authored by professors at the
Worcester Polytechnic Institute,
which also showed that online in
formation leakage was a common
occurrence. According to Mayer,
the new study decided to focus on
the identification of the informa
tion leakage and included a greater
number of websites.
He looked at the top 250 most
visited websites and signed up as a
member of 185 of those sites. Of
those 185 sites, 113 leaked a user
name or user ID.

In order to reduce false posi
tives, the study used fictional per
sonas with unique biographical
characteristics. Mayer added that
the only websites that the report
analyzed were ones that offered
sign-ups, did not require purchase
or qualifications to join and did not
have an "impractical amount of fea

tures." The study did not observe
how companies used leaked infor
mation or when explicitly the leak
age was observed.
The results of the study showed
that the top five recipients of
leaked information were corn-
Score, Google Analytics, Quant
cast, Google Advertising and Face
book. It also discovered that the
top three sites that leaked infor
mation were Rotten Tomatoes,
Cafe Mom and Lyrics Mode. The
websites iVillage, Live Journal and
National Geographic were tied for
fourth in leaking the most user in
formation.

Contact Sandy Huang at sun
huang@stanford. edu.
Privacy leaks occur on 185 of the
Internet's top visited websites, ac
cording to a recent study by Stan
ford Law School's Center for Inter
net and Society (CIS). The report
was authored by Jonathan Mayer, a
graduate student in computer sci
ence and at the School of Law. The
report was released last Tuesday at
a conference in Washington, D.C.
hosted by the National Press Club.
Since its release, the report has
attracted the attention of national
media. Mayer wrote in an email to
The Daily that he was not expecting
the amount of press coverage the
study has received.

"We announced our results at
the National Press Club, so we cer
tainly expected some coverage,"
Mayer said. "But what we were pre
senting was already conventional
wisdom among computer security
researchers."

"If anything, I find the coverage
greatly concerning," he continued.
"It reaffirms that there is a sizable
disconnect between business prac
tices and consumer understanding."
In the study, Mayer used a
methodology that was similar to
one developed in a recent paper co
authored by professors at the
Worcester Polytechnic Institute,
which also showed that online in
formation leakage was a common
occurrence. According to Mayer,
the new study decided to focus on
the identification of the informa
tion leakage and included a greater
number of websites.
He looked at the top 250 most
visited websites and signed up as a
member of 185 of those sites. Of
those 185 sites, 113 leaked a user
name or user ID.

In order to reduce false posi
tives, the study used fictional per
sonas with unique biographical
characteristics. Mayer added that
the only websites that the report
analyzed were ones that offered
sign-ups, did not require purchase
or qualifications to join and did not
have an "impractical amount of fea

tures." The study did not observe
how companies used leaked infor
mation or when explicitly the leak
age was observed.
The results of the study showed
that the top five recipients of
leaked information were corn-
Score, Google Analytics, Quant
cast, Google Advertising and Face
book. It also discovered that the
top three sites that leaked infor
mation were Rotten Tomatoes,
Cafe Mom and Lyrics Mode. The
websites iVillage, Live Journal and
National Geographic were tied for
fourth in leaking the most user in
formation.

Contact Sandy Huang at sun
huang@stanford. edu.
Privacy leaks occur on 185 of the
Internet's top visited websites, ac
cording to a recent study by Stan
ford Law School's Center for Inter
net and Society (CIS). The report
was authored by Jonathan Mayer, a
graduate student in computer sci
ence and at the School of Law. The
report was released last Tuesday at
a conference in Washington, D.C.
hosted by the National Press Club.
Since its release, the report has
attracted the attention of national
media. Mayer wrote in an email to
The Daily that he was not expecting
the amount of press coverage the
study has received.

"We announced our results at
the National Press Club, so we cer
tainly expected some coverage,"
Mayer said. "But what we were pre
senting was already conventional
wisdom among computer security
researchers."

"If anything, I find the coverage
greatly concerning," he continued.
"It reaffirms that there is a sizable
disconnect between business prac
tices and consumer understanding."
In the study, Mayer used a
methodology that was similar to
one developed in a recent paper co
authored by professors at the
Worcester Polytechnic Institute,
which also showed that online in
formation leakage was a common
occurrence. According to Mayer,
the new study decided to focus on
the identification of the informa
tion leakage and included a greater
number of websites.
He looked at the top 250 most
visited websites and signed up as a
member of 185 of those sites. Of
those 185 sites, 113 leaked a user
name or user ID.

In order to reduce false posi
tives, the study used fictional per
sonas with unique biographical
characteristics. Mayer added that
the only websites that the report
analyzed were ones that offered
sign-ups, did not require purchase
or qualifications to join and did not
have an "impractical amount of fea

tures." The study did not observe
how companies used leaked infor
mation or when explicitly the leak
age was observed.
The results of the study showed
that the top five recipients of
leaked information were corn-
Score, Google Analytics, Quant
cast, Google Advertising and Face
book. It also discovered that the
top three sites that leaked infor
mation were Rotten Tomatoes,
Cafe Mom and Lyrics Mode. The
websites iVillage, Live Journal and
National Geographic were tied for
fourth in leaking the most user in
formation.

Contact Sandy Huang at sun
huang@stanford. edu.
Privacy leaks occur on 185 of the
Internet's top visited websites, ac
cording to a recent study by Stan
ford Law School's Center for Inter
net and Society (CIS). The report
was authored by Jonathan Mayer, a
graduate student in computer sci
ence and at the School of Law. The
report was released last Tuesday at
a conference in Washington, D.C.
hosted by the National Press Club.
Since its release, the report has
attracted the attention of national
media. Mayer wrote in an email to
The Daily that he was not expecting
the amount of press coverage the
study has received.

"We announced our results at
the National Press Club, so we cer
tainly expected some coverage,"
Mayer said. "But what we were pre
senting was already conventional
wisdom among computer security
researchers."

"If anything, I find the coverage
greatly concerning," he continued.
"It reaffirms that there is a sizable
disconnect between business prac
tices and consumer understanding."
In the study, Mayer used a
methodology that was similar to
one developed in a recent paper co
authored by professors at the
Worcester Polytechnic Institute,
which also showed that online in
formation leakage was a common
occurrence. According to Mayer,
the new study decided to focus on
the identification of the informa
tion leakage and included a greater
number of websites.
He looked at the top 250 most
visited websites and signed up as a
member of 185 of those sites. Of
those 185 sites, 113 leaked a user
name or user ID.

In order to reduce false posi
tives, the study used fictional per
sonas with unique biographical
characteristics. Mayer added that
the only websites that the report
analyzed were ones that offered
sign-ups, did not require purchase
or qualifications to join and did not
have an "impractical amount of fea

tures." The study did not observe
how companies used leaked infor
mation or when explicitly the leak
age was observed.
The results of the study showed
that the top five recipients of
leaked information were corn-
Score, Google Analytics, Quant
cast, Google Advertising and Face
book. It also discovered that the
top three sites that leaked infor
mation were Rotten Tomatoes,
Cafe Mom and Lyrics Mode. The
websites iVillage, Live Journal and
National Geographic were tied for
fourth in leaking the most user in
formation.

Contact Sandy Huang at sun
huang@stanford. edu.
Privacy leaks occur on 185 of the
Internet's top visited websites, ac
cording to a recent study by Stan
ford Law School's Center for Inter
net and Society (CIS). The report
was authored by Jonathan Mayer, a
graduate student in computer sci
ence and at the School of Law. The
report was released last Tuesday at
a conference in Washington, D.C.
hosted by the National Press Club.
Since its release, the report has
attracted the attention of national
media. Mayer wrote in an email to
The Daily that he was not expecting
the amount of press coverage the
study has received.

"We announced our results at
the National Press Club, so we cer
tainly expected some coverage,"
Mayer said. "But what we were pre
senting was already conventional
wisdom among computer security
researchers."

"If anything, I find the coverage
greatly concerning," he continued.
"It reaffirms that there is a sizable
disconnect between business prac
tices and consumer understanding."
In the study, Mayer used a
methodology that was similar to
one developed in a recent paper co
authored by professors at the
Worcester Polytechnic Institute,
which also showed that online in
formation leakage was a common
occurrence. According to Mayer,
the new study decided to focus on
the identification of the informa
tion leakage and included a greater
number of websites.
He looked at the top 250 most
visited websites and signed up as a
member of 185 of those sites. Of
those 185 sites, 113 leaked a user
name or user ID.

In order to reduce false posi
tives, the study used fictional per
sonas with unique biographical
characteristics. Mayer added that
the only websites that the report
analyzed were ones that offered
sign-ups, did not require purchase
or qualifications to join and did not
have an "impractical amount of fea

tures." The study did not observe
how companies used leaked infor
mation or when explicitly the leak
age was observed.
The results of the study showed
that the top five recipients of
leaked information were corn-
Score, Google Analytics, Quant
cast, Google Advertising and Face
book. It also discovered that the
top three sites that leaked infor
mation were Rotten Tomatoes,
Cafe Mom and Lyrics Mode. The
websites iVillage, Live Journal and
National Geographic were tied for
fourth in leaking the most user in
formation.

Contact Sandy Huang at sun
huang@stanford. edu.
Privacy leaks occur on 185 of the
Internet's top visited websites, ac
cording to a recent study by Stan
ford Law School's Center for Inter
net and Society (CIS). The report
was authored by Jonathan Mayer, a
graduate student in computer sci
ence and at the School of Law. The
report was released last Tuesday at
a conference in Washington, D.C.
hosted by the National Press Club.
Since its release, the report has
attracted the attention of national
media. Mayer wrote in an email to
The Daily that he was not expecting
the amount of press coverage the
study has received.

"We announced our results at
the National Press Club, so we cer
tainly expected some coverage,"
Mayer said. "But what we were pre
senting was already conventional
wisdom among computer security
researchers."

"If anything, I find the coverage
greatly concerning," he continued.
"It reaffirms that there is a sizable
disconnect between business prac
tices and consumer understanding."
In the study, Mayer used a
methodology that was similar to
one developed in a recent paper co
authored by professors at the
Worcester Polytechnic Institute,
which also showed that online in
formation leakage was a common
occurrence. According to Mayer,
the new study decided to focus on
the identification of the informa
tion leakage and included a greater
number of websites.
He looked at the top 250 most
visited websites and signed up as a
member of 185 of those sites. Of
those 185 sites, 113 leaked a user
name or user ID.

In order to reduce false posi
tives, the study used fictional per
sonas with unique biographical
characteristics. Mayer added that
the only websites that the report
analyzed were ones that offered
sign-ups, did not require purchase
or qualifications to join and did not
have an "impractical amount of fea

tures." The study did not observe
how companies used leaked infor
mation or when explicitly the leak
age was observed.
The results of the study showed
that the top five recipients of
leaked information were corn-
Score, Google Analytics, Quant
cast, Google Advertising and Face
book. It also discovered that the
top three sites that leaked infor
mation were Rotten Tomatoes,
Cafe Mom and Lyrics Mode. The
websites iVillage, Live Journal and
National Geographic were tied for
fourth in leaking the most user in
formation.

Contact Sandy Huang at sun
huang@stanford. edu.
