# Village Elects New Officers
## 
### 
Three Village living units have
elected new winter quarter officers.
Alan Root is Building 108's new
president, witli George Bingham,
social chairman; Wray Corn well,
athletic chairman; and Allen Zecha,
treasurer.
On the feminine contingent's side,
Helen Waldie was elected president
of Buildings 121 and 12U. Shanna
Jones is the vice-president - elect;
Ruth Byrnes, secretary; Gay Dir
stine, treasurer; Betty Plankinton
and Joanne McGuerry, social chair
men; and Georgia Billman and Beth
Ussken, athletic chairmen. Lucy
Egan, Marion Hanakan, Rose Mar
tin, and Eleanor Stasyak were se
lected for the publicity committee.
Elected officers of Village 314 are
president, Glenn Walker; vicc-pres
ident, Steve Patchin; secretary,
Dick Boyd; treasurer, William Da
vis. The social chairman is Ed
Cony, while Walter Khuzoyan is
athletic chairman.
Three Village living units have
elected new winter quarter officers.
Alan Root is Building 108's new
president, witli George Bingham,
social chairman; Wray Corn well,
athletic chairman; and Allen Zecha,
treasurer.
On the feminine contingent's side,
Helen Waldie was elected president
of Buildings 121 and 12U. Shanna
Jones is the vice-president - elect;
Ruth Byrnes, secretary; Gay Dir
stine, treasurer; Betty Plankinton
and Joanne McGuerry, social chair
men; and Georgia Billman and Beth
Ussken, athletic chairmen. Lucy
Egan, Marion Hanakan, Rose Mar
tin, and Eleanor Stasyak were se
lected for the publicity committee.
Elected officers of Village 314 are
president, Glenn Walker; vicc-pres
ident, Steve Patchin; secretary,
Dick Boyd; treasurer, William Da
vis. The social chairman is Ed
Cony, while Walter Khuzoyan is
athletic chairman.
Three Village living units have
elected new winter quarter officers.
Alan Root is Building 108's new
president, witli George Bingham,
social chairman; Wray Corn well,
athletic chairman; and Allen Zecha,
treasurer.
On the feminine contingent's side,
Helen Waldie was elected president
of Buildings 121 and 12U. Shanna
Jones is the vice-president - elect;
Ruth Byrnes, secretary; Gay Dir
stine, treasurer; Betty Plankinton
and Joanne McGuerry, social chair
men; and Georgia Billman and Beth
Ussken, athletic chairmen. Lucy
Egan, Marion Hanakan, Rose Mar
tin, and Eleanor Stasyak were se
lected for the publicity committee.
Elected officers of Village 314 are
president, Glenn Walker; vicc-pres
ident, Steve Patchin; secretary,
Dick Boyd; treasurer, William Da
vis. The social chairman is Ed
Cony, while Walter Khuzoyan is
athletic chairman.
Three Village living units have
elected new winter quarter officers.
Alan Root is Building 108's new
president, witli George Bingham,
social chairman; Wray Corn well,
athletic chairman; and Allen Zecha,
treasurer.
On the feminine contingent's side,
Helen Waldie was elected president
of Buildings 121 and 12U. Shanna
Jones is the vice-president - elect;
Ruth Byrnes, secretary; Gay Dir
stine, treasurer; Betty Plankinton
and Joanne McGuerry, social chair
men; and Georgia Billman and Beth
Ussken, athletic chairmen. Lucy
Egan, Marion Hanakan, Rose Mar
tin, and Eleanor Stasyak were se
lected for the publicity committee.
Elected officers of Village 314 are
president, Glenn Walker; vicc-pres
ident, Steve Patchin; secretary,
Dick Boyd; treasurer, William Da
vis. The social chairman is Ed
Cony, while Walter Khuzoyan is
athletic chairman.
Three Village living units have
elected new winter quarter officers.
Alan Root is Building 108's new
president, witli George Bingham,
social chairman; Wray Corn well,
athletic chairman; and Allen Zecha,
treasurer.
On the feminine contingent's side,
Helen Waldie was elected president
of Buildings 121 and 12U. Shanna
Jones is the vice-president - elect;
Ruth Byrnes, secretary; Gay Dir
stine, treasurer; Betty Plankinton
and Joanne McGuerry, social chair
men; and Georgia Billman and Beth
Ussken, athletic chairmen. Lucy
Egan, Marion Hanakan, Rose Mar
tin, and Eleanor Stasyak were se
lected for the publicity committee.
Elected officers of Village 314 are
president, Glenn Walker; vicc-pres
ident, Steve Patchin; secretary,
Dick Boyd; treasurer, William Da
vis. The social chairman is Ed
Cony, while Walter Khuzoyan is
athletic chairman.
Three Village living units have
elected new winter quarter officers.
Alan Root is Building 108's new
president, witli George Bingham,
social chairman; Wray Corn well,
athletic chairman; and Allen Zecha,
treasurer.
On the feminine contingent's side,
Helen Waldie was elected president
of Buildings 121 and 12U. Shanna
Jones is the vice-president - elect;
Ruth Byrnes, secretary; Gay Dir
stine, treasurer; Betty Plankinton
and Joanne McGuerry, social chair
men; and Georgia Billman and Beth
Ussken, athletic chairmen. Lucy
Egan, Marion Hanakan, Rose Mar
tin, and Eleanor Stasyak were se
lected for the publicity committee.
Elected officers of Village 314 are
president, Glenn Walker; vicc-pres
ident, Steve Patchin; secretary,
Dick Boyd; treasurer, William Da
vis. The social chairman is Ed
Cony, while Walter Khuzoyan is
athletic chairman.
Three Village living units have
elected new winter quarter officers.
Alan Root is Building 108's new
president, witli George Bingham,
social chairman; Wray Corn well,
athletic chairman; and Allen Zecha,
treasurer.
On the feminine contingent's side,
Helen Waldie was elected president
of Buildings 121 and 12U. Shanna
Jones is the vice-president - elect;
Ruth Byrnes, secretary; Gay Dir
stine, treasurer; Betty Plankinton
and Joanne McGuerry, social chair
men; and Georgia Billman and Beth
Ussken, athletic chairmen. Lucy
Egan, Marion Hanakan, Rose Mar
tin, and Eleanor Stasyak were se
lected for the publicity committee.
Elected officers of Village 314 are
president, Glenn Walker; vicc-pres
ident, Steve Patchin; secretary,
Dick Boyd; treasurer, William Da
vis. The social chairman is Ed
Cony, while Walter Khuzoyan is
athletic chairman.
Three Village living units have
elected new winter quarter officers.
Alan Root is Building 108's new
president, witli George Bingham,
social chairman; Wray Corn well,
athletic chairman; and Allen Zecha,
treasurer.
On the feminine contingent's side,
Helen Waldie was elected president
of Buildings 121 and 12U. Shanna
Jones is the vice-president - elect;
Ruth Byrnes, secretary; Gay Dir
stine, treasurer; Betty Plankinton
and Joanne McGuerry, social chair
men; and Georgia Billman and Beth
Ussken, athletic chairmen. Lucy
Egan, Marion Hanakan, Rose Mar
tin, and Eleanor Stasyak were se
lected for the publicity committee.
Elected officers of Village 314 are
president, Glenn Walker; vicc-pres
ident, Steve Patchin; secretary,
Dick Boyd; treasurer, William Da
vis. The social chairman is Ed
Cony, while Walter Khuzoyan is
athletic chairman.
Three Village living units have
elected new winter quarter officers.
Alan Root is Building 108's new
president, witli George Bingham,
social chairman; Wray Corn well,
athletic chairman; and Allen Zecha,
treasurer.
On the feminine contingent's side,
Helen Waldie was elected president
of Buildings 121 and 12U. Shanna
Jones is the vice-president - elect;
Ruth Byrnes, secretary; Gay Dir
stine, treasurer; Betty Plankinton
and Joanne McGuerry, social chair
men; and Georgia Billman and Beth
Ussken, athletic chairmen. Lucy
Egan, Marion Hanakan, Rose Mar
tin, and Eleanor Stasyak were se
lected for the publicity committee.
Elected officers of Village 314 are
president, Glenn Walker; vicc-pres
ident, Steve Patchin; secretary,
Dick Boyd; treasurer, William Da
vis. The social chairman is Ed
Cony, while Walter Khuzoyan is
athletic chairman.
Three Village living units have
elected new winter quarter officers.
Alan Root is Building 108's new
president, witli George Bingham,
social chairman; Wray Corn well,
athletic chairman; and Allen Zecha,
treasurer.
On the feminine contingent's side,
Helen Waldie was elected president
of Buildings 121 and 12U. Shanna
Jones is the vice-president - elect;
Ruth Byrnes, secretary; Gay Dir
stine, treasurer; Betty Plankinton
and Joanne McGuerry, social chair
men; and Georgia Billman and Beth
Ussken, athletic chairmen. Lucy
Egan, Marion Hanakan, Rose Mar
tin, and Eleanor Stasyak were se
lected for the publicity committee.
Elected officers of Village 314 are
president, Glenn Walker; vicc-pres
ident, Steve Patchin; secretary,
Dick Boyd; treasurer, William Da
vis. The social chairman is Ed
Cony, while Walter Khuzoyan is
athletic chairman.
Three Village living units have
elected new winter quarter officers.
Alan Root is Building 108's new
president, witli George Bingham,
social chairman; Wray Corn well,
athletic chairman; and Allen Zecha,
treasurer.
On the feminine contingent's side,
Helen Waldie was elected president
of Buildings 121 and 12U. Shanna
Jones is the vice-president - elect;
Ruth Byrnes, secretary; Gay Dir
stine, treasurer; Betty Plankinton
and Joanne McGuerry, social chair
men; and Georgia Billman and Beth
Ussken, athletic chairmen. Lucy
Egan, Marion Hanakan, Rose Mar
tin, and Eleanor Stasyak were se
lected for the publicity committee.
Elected officers of Village 314 are
president, Glenn Walker; vicc-pres
ident, Steve Patchin; secretary,
Dick Boyd; treasurer, William Da
vis. The social chairman is Ed
Cony, while Walter Khuzoyan is
athletic chairman.
Three Village living units have
elected new winter quarter officers.
Alan Root is Building 108's new
president, witli George Bingham,
social chairman; Wray Corn well,
athletic chairman; and Allen Zecha,
treasurer.
On the feminine contingent's side,
Helen Waldie was elected president
of Buildings 121 and 12U. Shanna
Jones is the vice-president - elect;
Ruth Byrnes, secretary; Gay Dir
stine, treasurer; Betty Plankinton
and Joanne McGuerry, social chair
men; and Georgia Billman and Beth
Ussken, athletic chairmen. Lucy
Egan, Marion Hanakan, Rose Mar
tin, and Eleanor Stasyak were se
lected for the publicity committee.
Elected officers of Village 314 are
president, Glenn Walker; vicc-pres
ident, Steve Patchin; secretary,
Dick Boyd; treasurer, William Da
vis. The social chairman is Ed
Cony, while Walter Khuzoyan is
athletic chairman.
Three Village living units have
elected new winter quarter officers.
Alan Root is Building 108's new
president, witli George Bingham,
social chairman; Wray Corn well,
athletic chairman; and Allen Zecha,
treasurer.
On the feminine contingent's side,
Helen Waldie was elected president
of Buildings 121 and 12U. Shanna
Jones is the vice-president - elect;
Ruth Byrnes, secretary; Gay Dir
stine, treasurer; Betty Plankinton
and Joanne McGuerry, social chair
men; and Georgia Billman and Beth
Ussken, athletic chairmen. Lucy
Egan, Marion Hanakan, Rose Mar
tin, and Eleanor Stasyak were se
lected for the publicity committee.
Elected officers of Village 314 are
president, Glenn Walker; vicc-pres
ident, Steve Patchin; secretary,
Dick Boyd; treasurer, William Da
vis. The social chairman is Ed
Cony, while Walter Khuzoyan is
athletic chairman.
Three Village living units have
elected new winter quarter officers.
Alan Root is Building 108's new
president, witli George Bingham,
social chairman; Wray Corn well,
athletic chairman; and Allen Zecha,
treasurer.
On the feminine contingent's side,
Helen Waldie was elected president
of Buildings 121 and 12U. Shanna
Jones is the vice-president - elect;
Ruth Byrnes, secretary; Gay Dir
stine, treasurer; Betty Plankinton
and Joanne McGuerry, social chair
men; and Georgia Billman and Beth
Ussken, athletic chairmen. Lucy
Egan, Marion Hanakan, Rose Mar
tin, and Eleanor Stasyak were se
lected for the publicity committee.
Elected officers of Village 314 are
president, Glenn Walker; vicc-pres
ident, Steve Patchin; secretary,
Dick Boyd; treasurer, William Da
vis. The social chairman is Ed
Cony, while Walter Khuzoyan is
athletic chairman.
Three Village living units have
elected new winter quarter officers.
Alan Root is Building 108's new
president, witli George Bingham,
social chairman; Wray Corn well,
athletic chairman; and Allen Zecha,
treasurer.
On the feminine contingent's side,
Helen Waldie was elected president
of Buildings 121 and 12U. Shanna
Jones is the vice-president - elect;
Ruth Byrnes, secretary; Gay Dir
stine, treasurer; Betty Plankinton
and Joanne McGuerry, social chair
men; and Georgia Billman and Beth
Ussken, athletic chairmen. Lucy
Egan, Marion Hanakan, Rose Mar
tin, and Eleanor Stasyak were se
lected for the publicity committee.
Elected officers of Village 314 are
president, Glenn Walker; vicc-pres
ident, Steve Patchin; secretary,
Dick Boyd; treasurer, William Da
vis. The social chairman is Ed
Cony, while Walter Khuzoyan is
athletic chairman.
Three Village living units have
elected new winter quarter officers.
Alan Root is Building 108's new
president, witli George Bingham,
social chairman; Wray Corn well,
athletic chairman; and Allen Zecha,
treasurer.
On the feminine contingent's side,
Helen Waldie was elected president
of Buildings 121 and 12U. Shanna
Jones is the vice-president - elect;
Ruth Byrnes, secretary; Gay Dir
stine, treasurer; Betty Plankinton
and Joanne McGuerry, social chair
men; and Georgia Billman and Beth
Ussken, athletic chairmen. Lucy
Egan, Marion Hanakan, Rose Mar
tin, and Eleanor Stasyak were se
lected for the publicity committee.
Elected officers of Village 314 are
president, Glenn Walker; vicc-pres
ident, Steve Patchin; secretary,
Dick Boyd; treasurer, William Da
vis. The social chairman is Ed
Cony, while Walter Khuzoyan is
athletic chairman.
