# Placement Service Has Numerous New Openings
## Kamehameha Jobs 
### 
A representative from the Kame
hameha Schools in Honolulu will he
on campus today to interview ap
plicants for teaching positions for
the 1952-53 school year. There are
openings in both the School for
Boys and the School for Girls as
well as in the preparatory depart
ment.
Instructors are needed in tlie
following subjects: commercial,
English, social studies, physical
education, music, chemistry, phys
ics, French, Spanish, art, anil in
dustrial arts. Teachers are also
needed for the elementary grades.
The Kainehameha Schools are
particularly interested in single
men or women. The applicants
should he able also to assist with
intramurals and extracurricular
activities. Although experience is
not necessary, consideration will
he given to those who have had
teaching training and who show
promise of teaching success.
Those interested should sign up
for interviews at the Placement
Service, and they should also con
sult the list posted on the Place
ment Service bulletin board for
specific openings.
