# Ram's Head Plans Poetic Symposium
## 
### 
Ram's Head is presenting a sym
posium of poetic drama tomorrow
and Wednesday at 4 p.m. in the
Little Theater. The continuous pro
gram will include lectures and dis
cussions by Miss Jo Fishman and
selected dramatized scenes from po
etic drama.
The scenes will include Marlowe's
"Dr. Faustus," T. S. Eliot's "Murder
in the Cathedral," Anderson's "Win
terset," Fry's "Phoenix Too Fre
quent," Dane's "Come of Age," and
Auden and Isherwood's "The Dog
Beneath the Skin."
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
Ram's Head is presenting a sym
posium of poetic drama tomorrow
and Wednesday at 4 p.m. in the
Little Theater. The continuous pro
gram will include lectures and dis
cussions by Miss Jo Fishman and
selected dramatized scenes from po
etic drama.
The scenes will include Marlowe's
"Dr. Faustus," T. S. Eliot's "Murder
in the Cathedral," Anderson's "Win
terset," Fry's "Phoenix Too Fre
quent," Dane's "Come of Age," and
Auden and Isherwood's "The Dog
Beneath the Skin."
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
Ram's Head is presenting a sym
posium of poetic drama tomorrow
and Wednesday at 4 p.m. in the
Little Theater. The continuous pro
gram will include lectures and dis
cussions by Miss Jo Fishman and
selected dramatized scenes from po
etic drama.
The scenes will include Marlowe's
"Dr. Faustus," T. S. Eliot's "Murder
in the Cathedral," Anderson's "Win
terset," Fry's "Phoenix Too Fre
quent," Dane's "Come of Age," and
Auden and Isherwood's "The Dog
Beneath the Skin."
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
Ram's Head is presenting a sym
posium of poetic drama tomorrow
and Wednesday at 4 p.m. in the
Little Theater. The continuous pro
gram will include lectures and dis
cussions by Miss Jo Fishman and
selected dramatized scenes from po
etic drama.
The scenes will include Marlowe's
"Dr. Faustus," T. S. Eliot's "Murder
in the Cathedral," Anderson's "Win
terset," Fry's "Phoenix Too Fre
quent," Dane's "Come of Age," and
Auden and Isherwood's "The Dog
Beneath the Skin."
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
Ram's Head is presenting a sym
posium of poetic drama tomorrow
and Wednesday at 4 p.m. in the
Little Theater. The continuous pro
gram will include lectures and dis
cussions by Miss Jo Fishman and
selected dramatized scenes from po
etic drama.
The scenes will include Marlowe's
"Dr. Faustus," T. S. Eliot's "Murder
in the Cathedral," Anderson's "Win
terset," Fry's "Phoenix Too Fre
quent," Dane's "Come of Age," and
Auden and Isherwood's "The Dog
Beneath the Skin."
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
Ram's Head is presenting a sym
posium of poetic drama tomorrow
and Wednesday at 4 p.m. in the
Little Theater. The continuous pro
gram will include lectures and dis
cussions by Miss Jo Fishman and
selected dramatized scenes from po
etic drama.
The scenes will include Marlowe's
"Dr. Faustus," T. S. Eliot's "Murder
in the Cathedral," Anderson's "Win
terset," Fry's "Phoenix Too Fre
quent," Dane's "Come of Age," and
Auden and Isherwood's "The Dog
Beneath the Skin."
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
Ram's Head is presenting a sym
posium of poetic drama tomorrow
and Wednesday at 4 p.m. in the
Little Theater. The continuous pro
gram will include lectures and dis
cussions by Miss Jo Fishman and
selected dramatized scenes from po
etic drama.
The scenes will include Marlowe's
"Dr. Faustus," T. S. Eliot's "Murder
in the Cathedral," Anderson's "Win
terset," Fry's "Phoenix Too Fre
quent," Dane's "Come of Age," and
Auden and Isherwood's "The Dog
Beneath the Skin."
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
Ram's Head is presenting a sym
posium of poetic drama tomorrow
and Wednesday at 4 p.m. in the
Little Theater. The continuous pro
gram will include lectures and dis
cussions by Miss Jo Fishman and
selected dramatized scenes from po
etic drama.
The scenes will include Marlowe's
"Dr. Faustus," T. S. Eliot's "Murder
in the Cathedral," Anderson's "Win
terset," Fry's "Phoenix Too Fre
quent," Dane's "Come of Age," and
Auden and Isherwood's "The Dog
Beneath the Skin."
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
Ram's Head is presenting a sym
posium of poetic drama tomorrow
and Wednesday at 4 p.m. in the
Little Theater. The continuous pro
gram will include lectures and dis
cussions by Miss Jo Fishman and
selected dramatized scenes from po
etic drama.
The scenes will include Marlowe's
"Dr. Faustus," T. S. Eliot's "Murder
in the Cathedral," Anderson's "Win
terset," Fry's "Phoenix Too Fre
quent," Dane's "Come of Age," and
Auden and Isherwood's "The Dog
Beneath the Skin."
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
Ram's Head is presenting a sym
posium of poetic drama tomorrow
and Wednesday at 4 p.m. in the
Little Theater. The continuous pro
gram will include lectures and dis
cussions by Miss Jo Fishman and
selected dramatized scenes from po
etic drama.
The scenes will include Marlowe's
"Dr. Faustus," T. S. Eliot's "Murder
in the Cathedral," Anderson's "Win
terset," Fry's "Phoenix Too Fre
quent," Dane's "Come of Age," and
Auden and Isherwood's "The Dog
Beneath the Skin."
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
Ram's Head is presenting a sym
posium of poetic drama tomorrow
and Wednesday at 4 p.m. in the
Little Theater. The continuous pro
gram will include lectures and dis
cussions by Miss Jo Fishman and
selected dramatized scenes from po
etic drama.
The scenes will include Marlowe's
"Dr. Faustus," T. S. Eliot's "Murder
in the Cathedral," Anderson's "Win
terset," Fry's "Phoenix Too Fre
quent," Dane's "Come of Age," and
Auden and Isherwood's "The Dog
Beneath the Skin."
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
Ram's Head is presenting a sym
posium of poetic drama tomorrow
and Wednesday at 4 p.m. in the
Little Theater. The continuous pro
gram will include lectures and dis
cussions by Miss Jo Fishman and
selected dramatized scenes from po
etic drama.
The scenes will include Marlowe's
"Dr. Faustus," T. S. Eliot's "Murder
in the Cathedral," Anderson's "Win
terset," Fry's "Phoenix Too Fre
quent," Dane's "Come of Age," and
Auden and Isherwood's "The Dog
Beneath the Skin."
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
Ram's Head is presenting a sym
posium of poetic drama tomorrow
and Wednesday at 4 p.m. in the
Little Theater. The continuous pro
gram will include lectures and dis
cussions by Miss Jo Fishman and
selected dramatized scenes from po
etic drama.
The scenes will include Marlowe's
"Dr. Faustus," T. S. Eliot's "Murder
in the Cathedral," Anderson's "Win
terset," Fry's "Phoenix Too Fre
quent," Dane's "Come of Age," and
Auden and Isherwood's "The Dog
Beneath the Skin."
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
Ram's Head is presenting a sym
posium of poetic drama tomorrow
and Wednesday at 4 p.m. in the
Little Theater. The continuous pro
gram will include lectures and dis
cussions by Miss Jo Fishman and
selected dramatized scenes from po
etic drama.
The scenes will include Marlowe's
"Dr. Faustus," T. S. Eliot's "Murder
in the Cathedral," Anderson's "Win
terset," Fry's "Phoenix Too Fre
quent," Dane's "Come of Age," and
Auden and Isherwood's "The Dog
Beneath the Skin."
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
Ram's Head is presenting a sym
posium of poetic drama tomorrow
and Wednesday at 4 p.m. in the
Little Theater. The continuous pro
gram will include lectures and dis
cussions by Miss Jo Fishman and
selected dramatized scenes from po
etic drama.
The scenes will include Marlowe's
"Dr. Faustus," T. S. Eliot's "Murder
in the Cathedral," Anderson's "Win
terset," Fry's "Phoenix Too Fre
quent," Dane's "Come of Age," and
Auden and Isherwood's "The Dog
Beneath the Skin."
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
Ram's Head is presenting a sym
posium of poetic drama tomorrow
and Wednesday at 4 p.m. in the
Little Theater. The continuous pro
gram will include lectures and dis
cussions by Miss Jo Fishman and
selected dramatized scenes from po
etic drama.
The scenes will include Marlowe's
"Dr. Faustus," T. S. Eliot's "Murder
in the Cathedral," Anderson's "Win
terset," Fry's "Phoenix Too Fre
quent," Dane's "Come of Age," and
Auden and Isherwood's "The Dog
Beneath the Skin."
Anyone interested is invited to
attend.
