# Sophs Will Hold Reunion Sunday
## 
### 
Holding their last all-class activ
ity before the dead week grind be
gins, the sophomores will have a
reunion this Sunday at the Skate-
Haven Roller Rink, 8 to 11 p.m.
Ernest Sevier, chairman, has an
nounced that admission will be f>o
cents, which includes skates, lie
also emphasizes that the affair is
either date or no-date.
The roller rink is situated about
one mile south of Embarcadero on
Middlefield Road.
Holding their last all-class activ
ity before the dead week grind be
gins, the sophomores will have a
reunion this Sunday at the Skate-
Haven Roller Rink, 8 to 11 p.m.
Ernest Sevier, chairman, has an
nounced that admission will be f>o
cents, which includes skates, lie
also emphasizes that the affair is
either date or no-date.
The roller rink is situated about
one mile south of Embarcadero on
Middlefield Road.
Holding their last all-class activ
ity before the dead week grind be
gins, the sophomores will have a
reunion this Sunday at the Skate-
Haven Roller Rink, 8 to 11 p.m.
Ernest Sevier, chairman, has an
nounced that admission will be f>o
cents, which includes skates, lie
also emphasizes that the affair is
either date or no-date.
The roller rink is situated about
one mile south of Embarcadero on
Middlefield Road.
Holding their last all-class activ
ity before the dead week grind be
gins, the sophomores will have a
reunion this Sunday at the Skate-
Haven Roller Rink, 8 to 11 p.m.
Ernest Sevier, chairman, has an
nounced that admission will be f>o
cents, which includes skates, lie
also emphasizes that the affair is
either date or no-date.
The roller rink is situated about
one mile south of Embarcadero on
Middlefield Road.
Holding their last all-class activ
ity before the dead week grind be
gins, the sophomores will have a
reunion this Sunday at the Skate-
Haven Roller Rink, 8 to 11 p.m.
Ernest Sevier, chairman, has an
nounced that admission will be f>o
cents, which includes skates, lie
also emphasizes that the affair is
either date or no-date.
The roller rink is situated about
one mile south of Embarcadero on
Middlefield Road.
Holding their last all-class activ
ity before the dead week grind be
gins, the sophomores will have a
reunion this Sunday at the Skate-
Haven Roller Rink, 8 to 11 p.m.
Ernest Sevier, chairman, has an
nounced that admission will be f>o
cents, which includes skates, lie
also emphasizes that the affair is
either date or no-date.
The roller rink is situated about
one mile south of Embarcadero on
Middlefield Road.
Holding their last all-class activ
ity before the dead week grind be
gins, the sophomores will have a
reunion this Sunday at the Skate-
Haven Roller Rink, 8 to 11 p.m.
Ernest Sevier, chairman, has an
nounced that admission will be f>o
cents, which includes skates, lie
also emphasizes that the affair is
either date or no-date.
The roller rink is situated about
one mile south of Embarcadero on
Middlefield Road.
Holding their last all-class activ
ity before the dead week grind be
gins, the sophomores will have a
reunion this Sunday at the Skate-
Haven Roller Rink, 8 to 11 p.m.
Ernest Sevier, chairman, has an
nounced that admission will be f>o
cents, which includes skates, lie
also emphasizes that the affair is
either date or no-date.
The roller rink is situated about
one mile south of Embarcadero on
Middlefield Road.
Holding their last all-class activ
ity before the dead week grind be
gins, the sophomores will have a
reunion this Sunday at the Skate-
Haven Roller Rink, 8 to 11 p.m.
Ernest Sevier, chairman, has an
nounced that admission will be f>o
cents, which includes skates, lie
also emphasizes that the affair is
either date or no-date.
The roller rink is situated about
one mile south of Embarcadero on
Middlefield Road.
Holding their last all-class activ
ity before the dead week grind be
gins, the sophomores will have a
reunion this Sunday at the Skate-
Haven Roller Rink, 8 to 11 p.m.
Ernest Sevier, chairman, has an
nounced that admission will be f>o
cents, which includes skates, lie
also emphasizes that the affair is
either date or no-date.
The roller rink is situated about
one mile south of Embarcadero on
Middlefield Road.
Holding their last all-class activ
ity before the dead week grind be
gins, the sophomores will have a
reunion this Sunday at the Skate-
Haven Roller Rink, 8 to 11 p.m.
Ernest Sevier, chairman, has an
nounced that admission will be f>o
cents, which includes skates, lie
also emphasizes that the affair is
either date or no-date.
The roller rink is situated about
one mile south of Embarcadero on
Middlefield Road.
Holding their last all-class activ
ity before the dead week grind be
gins, the sophomores will have a
reunion this Sunday at the Skate-
Haven Roller Rink, 8 to 11 p.m.
Ernest Sevier, chairman, has an
nounced that admission will be f>o
cents, which includes skates, lie
also emphasizes that the affair is
either date or no-date.
The roller rink is situated about
one mile south of Embarcadero on
Middlefield Road.
Holding their last all-class activ
ity before the dead week grind be
gins, the sophomores will have a
reunion this Sunday at the Skate-
Haven Roller Rink, 8 to 11 p.m.
Ernest Sevier, chairman, has an
nounced that admission will be f>o
cents, which includes skates, lie
also emphasizes that the affair is
either date or no-date.
The roller rink is situated about
one mile south of Embarcadero on
Middlefield Road.
Holding their last all-class activ
ity before the dead week grind be
gins, the sophomores will have a
reunion this Sunday at the Skate-
Haven Roller Rink, 8 to 11 p.m.
Ernest Sevier, chairman, has an
nounced that admission will be f>o
cents, which includes skates, lie
also emphasizes that the affair is
either date or no-date.
The roller rink is situated about
one mile south of Embarcadero on
Middlefield Road.
Holding their last all-class activ
ity before the dead week grind be
gins, the sophomores will have a
reunion this Sunday at the Skate-
Haven Roller Rink, 8 to 11 p.m.
Ernest Sevier, chairman, has an
nounced that admission will be f>o
cents, which includes skates, lie
also emphasizes that the affair is
either date or no-date.
The roller rink is situated about
one mile south of Embarcadero on
Middlefield Road.
Holding their last all-class activ
ity before the dead week grind be
gins, the sophomores will have a
reunion this Sunday at the Skate-
Haven Roller Rink, 8 to 11 p.m.
Ernest Sevier, chairman, has an
nounced that admission will be f>o
cents, which includes skates, lie
also emphasizes that the affair is
either date or no-date.
The roller rink is situated about
one mile south of Embarcadero on
Middlefield Road.
