# Tourney Sign-Ups
## 
### 
Each year the Tresidder Union
Games Division sponsors open
tournaments to determine Stan
ford representatives for the As
sociation of College Unions Re
gional Tournament.
Signups are taking place this
week for tournaments in bridge,
billiards, table tennis, and chess.
All interested students should
sign up at the Tresidder Games
Desk or obtain information from
Mr. Jack McKenna by phoning
Univ. ext. 4316.
This Saturday from 1 to 5 p.m.
the Duplicate Bridge tournament
will be held in TMU rooms 274-
275.
While open to faculty, staff
and wives as well as students,
only teams of two registered
students may advance to the Re
gional Par Tournament to be
held Feb. 15-17 at UC Davis.
There will be a $1.00 entry fee
per person.
Each year the Tresidder Union
Games Division sponsors open
tournaments to determine Stan
ford representatives for the As
sociation of College Unions Re
gional Tournament.
Signups are taking place this
week for tournaments in bridge,
billiards, table tennis, and chess.
All interested students should
sign up at the Tresidder Games
Desk or obtain information from
Mr. Jack McKenna by phoning
Univ. ext. 4316.
This Saturday from 1 to 5 p.m.
the Duplicate Bridge tournament
will be held in TMU rooms 274-
275.
While open to faculty, staff
and wives as well as students,
only teams of two registered
students may advance to the Re
gional Par Tournament to be
held Feb. 15-17 at UC Davis.
There will be a $1.00 entry fee
per person.
Each year the Tresidder Union
Games Division sponsors open
tournaments to determine Stan
ford representatives for the As
sociation of College Unions Re
gional Tournament.
Signups are taking place this
week for tournaments in bridge,
billiards, table tennis, and chess.
All interested students should
sign up at the Tresidder Games
Desk or obtain information from
Mr. Jack McKenna by phoning
Univ. ext. 4316.
This Saturday from 1 to 5 p.m.
the Duplicate Bridge tournament
will be held in TMU rooms 274-
275.
While open to faculty, staff
and wives as well as students,
only teams of two registered
students may advance to the Re
gional Par Tournament to be
held Feb. 15-17 at UC Davis.
There will be a $1.00 entry fee
per person.
Each year the Tresidder Union
Games Division sponsors open
tournaments to determine Stan
ford representatives for the As
sociation of College Unions Re
gional Tournament.
Signups are taking place this
week for tournaments in bridge,
billiards, table tennis, and chess.
All interested students should
sign up at the Tresidder Games
Desk or obtain information from
Mr. Jack McKenna by phoning
Univ. ext. 4316.
This Saturday from 1 to 5 p.m.
the Duplicate Bridge tournament
will be held in TMU rooms 274-
275.
While open to faculty, staff
and wives as well as students,
only teams of two registered
students may advance to the Re
gional Par Tournament to be
held Feb. 15-17 at UC Davis.
There will be a $1.00 entry fee
per person.
Each year the Tresidder Union
Games Division sponsors open
tournaments to determine Stan
ford representatives for the As
sociation of College Unions Re
gional Tournament.
Signups are taking place this
week for tournaments in bridge,
billiards, table tennis, and chess.
All interested students should
sign up at the Tresidder Games
Desk or obtain information from
Mr. Jack McKenna by phoning
Univ. ext. 4316.
This Saturday from 1 to 5 p.m.
the Duplicate Bridge tournament
will be held in TMU rooms 274-
275.
While open to faculty, staff
and wives as well as students,
only teams of two registered
students may advance to the Re
gional Par Tournament to be
held Feb. 15-17 at UC Davis.
There will be a $1.00 entry fee
per person.
Each year the Tresidder Union
Games Division sponsors open
tournaments to determine Stan
ford representatives for the As
sociation of College Unions Re
gional Tournament.
Signups are taking place this
week for tournaments in bridge,
billiards, table tennis, and chess.
All interested students should
sign up at the Tresidder Games
Desk or obtain information from
Mr. Jack McKenna by phoning
Univ. ext. 4316.
This Saturday from 1 to 5 p.m.
the Duplicate Bridge tournament
will be held in TMU rooms 274-
275.
While open to faculty, staff
and wives as well as students,
only teams of two registered
students may advance to the Re
gional Par Tournament to be
held Feb. 15-17 at UC Davis.
There will be a $1.00 entry fee
per person.
Each year the Tresidder Union
Games Division sponsors open
tournaments to determine Stan
ford representatives for the As
sociation of College Unions Re
gional Tournament.
Signups are taking place this
week for tournaments in bridge,
billiards, table tennis, and chess.
All interested students should
sign up at the Tresidder Games
Desk or obtain information from
Mr. Jack McKenna by phoning
Univ. ext. 4316.
This Saturday from 1 to 5 p.m.
the Duplicate Bridge tournament
will be held in TMU rooms 274-
275.
While open to faculty, staff
and wives as well as students,
only teams of two registered
students may advance to the Re
gional Par Tournament to be
held Feb. 15-17 at UC Davis.
There will be a $1.00 entry fee
per person.
Each year the Tresidder Union
Games Division sponsors open
tournaments to determine Stan
ford representatives for the As
sociation of College Unions Re
gional Tournament.
Signups are taking place this
week for tournaments in bridge,
billiards, table tennis, and chess.
All interested students should
sign up at the Tresidder Games
Desk or obtain information from
Mr. Jack McKenna by phoning
Univ. ext. 4316.
This Saturday from 1 to 5 p.m.
the Duplicate Bridge tournament
will be held in TMU rooms 274-
275.
While open to faculty, staff
and wives as well as students,
only teams of two registered
students may advance to the Re
gional Par Tournament to be
held Feb. 15-17 at UC Davis.
There will be a $1.00 entry fee
per person.
Each year the Tresidder Union
Games Division sponsors open
tournaments to determine Stan
ford representatives for the As
sociation of College Unions Re
gional Tournament.
Signups are taking place this
week for tournaments in bridge,
billiards, table tennis, and chess.
All interested students should
sign up at the Tresidder Games
Desk or obtain information from
Mr. Jack McKenna by phoning
Univ. ext. 4316.
This Saturday from 1 to 5 p.m.
the Duplicate Bridge tournament
will be held in TMU rooms 274-
275.
While open to faculty, staff
and wives as well as students,
only teams of two registered
students may advance to the Re
gional Par Tournament to be
held Feb. 15-17 at UC Davis.
There will be a $1.00 entry fee
per person.
Each year the Tresidder Union
Games Division sponsors open
tournaments to determine Stan
ford representatives for the As
sociation of College Unions Re
gional Tournament.
Signups are taking place this
week for tournaments in bridge,
billiards, table tennis, and chess.
All interested students should
sign up at the Tresidder Games
Desk or obtain information from
Mr. Jack McKenna by phoning
Univ. ext. 4316.
This Saturday from 1 to 5 p.m.
the Duplicate Bridge tournament
will be held in TMU rooms 274-
275.
While open to faculty, staff
and wives as well as students,
only teams of two registered
students may advance to the Re
gional Par Tournament to be
held Feb. 15-17 at UC Davis.
There will be a $1.00 entry fee
per person.
Each year the Tresidder Union
Games Division sponsors open
tournaments to determine Stan
ford representatives for the As
sociation of College Unions Re
gional Tournament.
Signups are taking place this
week for tournaments in bridge,
billiards, table tennis, and chess.
All interested students should
sign up at the Tresidder Games
Desk or obtain information from
Mr. Jack McKenna by phoning
Univ. ext. 4316.
This Saturday from 1 to 5 p.m.
the Duplicate Bridge tournament
will be held in TMU rooms 274-
275.
While open to faculty, staff
and wives as well as students,
only teams of two registered
students may advance to the Re
gional Par Tournament to be
held Feb. 15-17 at UC Davis.
There will be a $1.00 entry fee
per person.
Each year the Tresidder Union
Games Division sponsors open
tournaments to determine Stan
ford representatives for the As
sociation of College Unions Re
gional Tournament.
Signups are taking place this
week for tournaments in bridge,
billiards, table tennis, and chess.
All interested students should
sign up at the Tresidder Games
Desk or obtain information from
Mr. Jack McKenna by phoning
Univ. ext. 4316.
This Saturday from 1 to 5 p.m.
the Duplicate Bridge tournament
will be held in TMU rooms 274-
275.
While open to faculty, staff
and wives as well as students,
only teams of two registered
students may advance to the Re
gional Par Tournament to be
held Feb. 15-17 at UC Davis.
There will be a $1.00 entry fee
per person.
Each year the Tresidder Union
Games Division sponsors open
tournaments to determine Stan
ford representatives for the As
sociation of College Unions Re
gional Tournament.
Signups are taking place this
week for tournaments in bridge,
billiards, table tennis, and chess.
All interested students should
sign up at the Tresidder Games
Desk or obtain information from
Mr. Jack McKenna by phoning
Univ. ext. 4316.
This Saturday from 1 to 5 p.m.
the Duplicate Bridge tournament
will be held in TMU rooms 274-
275.
While open to faculty, staff
and wives as well as students,
only teams of two registered
students may advance to the Re
gional Par Tournament to be
held Feb. 15-17 at UC Davis.
There will be a $1.00 entry fee
per person.
Each year the Tresidder Union
Games Division sponsors open
tournaments to determine Stan
ford representatives for the As
sociation of College Unions Re
gional Tournament.
Signups are taking place this
week for tournaments in bridge,
billiards, table tennis, and chess.
All interested students should
sign up at the Tresidder Games
Desk or obtain information from
Mr. Jack McKenna by phoning
Univ. ext. 4316.
This Saturday from 1 to 5 p.m.
the Duplicate Bridge tournament
will be held in TMU rooms 274-
275.
While open to faculty, staff
and wives as well as students,
only teams of two registered
students may advance to the Re
gional Par Tournament to be
held Feb. 15-17 at UC Davis.
There will be a $1.00 entry fee
per person.
Each year the Tresidder Union
Games Division sponsors open
tournaments to determine Stan
ford representatives for the As
sociation of College Unions Re
gional Tournament.
Signups are taking place this
week for tournaments in bridge,
billiards, table tennis, and chess.
All interested students should
sign up at the Tresidder Games
Desk or obtain information from
Mr. Jack McKenna by phoning
Univ. ext. 4316.
This Saturday from 1 to 5 p.m.
the Duplicate Bridge tournament
will be held in TMU rooms 274-
275.
While open to faculty, staff
and wives as well as students,
only teams of two registered
students may advance to the Re
gional Par Tournament to be
held Feb. 15-17 at UC Davis.
There will be a $1.00 entry fee
per person.
