# Dis-Joint 1968 Opens Tonight
## 
### 
Stanford's on-again-off-again
coffeehouse, "Dis-joint," will be
gin its 1968 season tonight at
9:30 on the main floor of Tresid
der.
"It's a full moon night," a fe
male coffeehouse worker noted.
Dis-joint manager Greg Yah
na was asked what his entertain
ment would be for the opening
night. "That's a good question,"
he replied, adding quickly that
it would resemble "exciting folk
entertainment."
Free refreshments—including
coffee — will be provided cour
tesy of the various charitabl
organizations which subsidize
the shoe-string enterprise.
Yahna claims the coffeehouse
will be open Wednesday through
Friday nights, featuring a va
riety of entertainment by cam
pus characters.
"We want to do a lot of new
things this quarter," Yahna said
plaintively. "We want new
ideas," he said, mentioning a
plan to change the coffeehouse's
site to the vacated basement of
the Women's clubhouse.
