# Y.W.C.A. SECRETARY TO DISCUSS STUDENT ACTIVITIES IN CHINA
## 
### 
"Student Activities in China" will be
discussed by Miss Leila Hinkley at a
luncheon in the Union tomorrow which
is open to anyone turning his name in
to Miss Isabel Capps or Rex Bell.
Miss Hinkley's knowledge of Chinese
girl students is wide as she has spent
the last five years in Pekin, and was
present during the famous May thir
tieth student episode, when students
engaging in anti-foreign demonstra
tion were fired upon by government
troops.
"Student Activities in China" will be
discussed by Miss Leila Hinkley at a
luncheon in the Union tomorrow which
is open to anyone turning his name in
to Miss Isabel Capps or Rex Bell.
Miss Hinkley's knowledge of Chinese
girl students is wide as she has spent
the last five years in Pekin, and was
present during the famous May thir
tieth student episode, when students
engaging in anti-foreign demonstra
tion were fired upon by government
troops.
"Student Activities in China" will be
discussed by Miss Leila Hinkley at a
luncheon in the Union tomorrow which
is open to anyone turning his name in
to Miss Isabel Capps or Rex Bell.
Miss Hinkley's knowledge of Chinese
girl students is wide as she has spent
the last five years in Pekin, and was
present during the famous May thir
tieth student episode, when students
engaging in anti-foreign demonstra
tion were fired upon by government
troops.
"Student Activities in China" will be
discussed by Miss Leila Hinkley at a
luncheon in the Union tomorrow which
is open to anyone turning his name in
to Miss Isabel Capps or Rex Bell.
Miss Hinkley's knowledge of Chinese
girl students is wide as she has spent
the last five years in Pekin, and was
present during the famous May thir
tieth student episode, when students
engaging in anti-foreign demonstra
tion were fired upon by government
troops.
"Student Activities in China" will be
discussed by Miss Leila Hinkley at a
luncheon in the Union tomorrow which
is open to anyone turning his name in
to Miss Isabel Capps or Rex Bell.
Miss Hinkley's knowledge of Chinese
girl students is wide as she has spent
the last five years in Pekin, and was
present during the famous May thir
tieth student episode, when students
engaging in anti-foreign demonstra
tion were fired upon by government
troops.
"Student Activities in China" will be
discussed by Miss Leila Hinkley at a
luncheon in the Union tomorrow which
is open to anyone turning his name in
to Miss Isabel Capps or Rex Bell.
Miss Hinkley's knowledge of Chinese
girl students is wide as she has spent
the last five years in Pekin, and was
present during the famous May thir
tieth student episode, when students
engaging in anti-foreign demonstra
tion were fired upon by government
troops.
"Student Activities in China" will be
discussed by Miss Leila Hinkley at a
luncheon in the Union tomorrow which
is open to anyone turning his name in
to Miss Isabel Capps or Rex Bell.
Miss Hinkley's knowledge of Chinese
girl students is wide as she has spent
the last five years in Pekin, and was
present during the famous May thir
tieth student episode, when students
engaging in anti-foreign demonstra
tion were fired upon by government
troops.
"Student Activities in China" will be
discussed by Miss Leila Hinkley at a
luncheon in the Union tomorrow which
is open to anyone turning his name in
to Miss Isabel Capps or Rex Bell.
Miss Hinkley's knowledge of Chinese
girl students is wide as she has spent
the last five years in Pekin, and was
present during the famous May thir
tieth student episode, when students
engaging in anti-foreign demonstra
tion were fired upon by government
troops.
"Student Activities in China" will be
discussed by Miss Leila Hinkley at a
luncheon in the Union tomorrow which
is open to anyone turning his name in
to Miss Isabel Capps or Rex Bell.
Miss Hinkley's knowledge of Chinese
girl students is wide as she has spent
the last five years in Pekin, and was
present during the famous May thir
tieth student episode, when students
engaging in anti-foreign demonstra
tion were fired upon by government
troops.
"Student Activities in China" will be
discussed by Miss Leila Hinkley at a
luncheon in the Union tomorrow which
is open to anyone turning his name in
to Miss Isabel Capps or Rex Bell.
Miss Hinkley's knowledge of Chinese
girl students is wide as she has spent
the last five years in Pekin, and was
present during the famous May thir
tieth student episode, when students
engaging in anti-foreign demonstra
tion were fired upon by government
troops.
"Student Activities in China" will be
discussed by Miss Leila Hinkley at a
luncheon in the Union tomorrow which
is open to anyone turning his name in
to Miss Isabel Capps or Rex Bell.
Miss Hinkley's knowledge of Chinese
girl students is wide as she has spent
the last five years in Pekin, and was
present during the famous May thir
tieth student episode, when students
engaging in anti-foreign demonstra
tion were fired upon by government
troops.
"Student Activities in China" will be
discussed by Miss Leila Hinkley at a
luncheon in the Union tomorrow which
is open to anyone turning his name in
to Miss Isabel Capps or Rex Bell.
Miss Hinkley's knowledge of Chinese
girl students is wide as she has spent
the last five years in Pekin, and was
present during the famous May thir
tieth student episode, when students
engaging in anti-foreign demonstra
tion were fired upon by government
troops.
"Student Activities in China" will be
discussed by Miss Leila Hinkley at a
luncheon in the Union tomorrow which
is open to anyone turning his name in
to Miss Isabel Capps or Rex Bell.
Miss Hinkley's knowledge of Chinese
girl students is wide as she has spent
the last five years in Pekin, and was
present during the famous May thir
tieth student episode, when students
engaging in anti-foreign demonstra
tion were fired upon by government
troops.
"Student Activities in China" will be
discussed by Miss Leila Hinkley at a
luncheon in the Union tomorrow which
is open to anyone turning his name in
to Miss Isabel Capps or Rex Bell.
Miss Hinkley's knowledge of Chinese
girl students is wide as she has spent
the last five years in Pekin, and was
present during the famous May thir
tieth student episode, when students
engaging in anti-foreign demonstra
tion were fired upon by government
troops.
"Student Activities in China" will be
discussed by Miss Leila Hinkley at a
luncheon in the Union tomorrow which
is open to anyone turning his name in
to Miss Isabel Capps or Rex Bell.
Miss Hinkley's knowledge of Chinese
girl students is wide as she has spent
the last five years in Pekin, and was
present during the famous May thir
tieth student episode, when students
engaging in anti-foreign demonstra
tion were fired upon by government
troops.
