# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
PROJECTORS
And a complete line of
photographic supplies.
Following projectors in
stock for immediate de
livery.
• Bell Ct Howell 16 mm Pro
jector 273.30
• Revere 8 mm. Projector
120.00
• E. K. 16 mm. Projector
225.00
• E. K. 16 mm Sound Projec
tor 450.00
cs
323 University Ave.
Phone P.A. 4204
PROJECTORS
And a complete line of
photographic supplies.
Following projectors in
stock for immediate de
livery.
• Bell Ct Howell 16 mm Pro
jector 273.30
• Revere 8 mm. Projector
120.00
• E. K. 16 mm. Projector
225.00
• E. K. 16 mm Sound Projec
tor 450.00
cs
323 University Ave.
Phone P.A. 4204
PROJECTORS
And a complete line of
photographic supplies.
Following projectors in
stock for immediate de
livery.
• Bell Ct Howell 16 mm Pro
jector 273.30
• Revere 8 mm. Projector
120.00
• E. K. 16 mm. Projector
225.00
• E. K. 16 mm Sound Projec
tor 450.00
cs
323 University Ave.
Phone P.A. 4204
PROJECTORS
And a complete line of
photographic supplies.
Following projectors in
stock for immediate de
livery.
• Bell Ct Howell 16 mm Pro
jector 273.30
• Revere 8 mm. Projector
120.00
• E. K. 16 mm. Projector
225.00
• E. K. 16 mm Sound Projec
tor 450.00
cs
323 University Ave.
Phone P.A. 4204
PROJECTORS
And a complete line of
photographic supplies.
Following projectors in
stock for immediate de
livery.
• Bell Ct Howell 16 mm Pro
jector 273.30
• Revere 8 mm. Projector
120.00
• E. K. 16 mm. Projector
225.00
• E. K. 16 mm Sound Projec
tor 450.00
cs
323 University Ave.
Phone P.A. 4204
PROJECTORS
And a complete line of
photographic supplies.
Following projectors in
stock for immediate de
livery.
• Bell Ct Howell 16 mm Pro
jector 273.30
• Revere 8 mm. Projector
120.00
• E. K. 16 mm. Projector
225.00
• E. K. 16 mm Sound Projec
tor 450.00
cs
323 University Ave.
Phone P.A. 4204
PROJECTORS
And a complete line of
photographic supplies.
Following projectors in
stock for immediate de
livery.
• Bell Ct Howell 16 mm Pro
jector 273.30
• Revere 8 mm. Projector
120.00
• E. K. 16 mm. Projector
225.00
• E. K. 16 mm Sound Projec
tor 450.00
cs
323 University Ave.
Phone P.A. 4204
PROJECTORS
And a complete line of
photographic supplies.
Following projectors in
stock for immediate de
livery.
• Bell Ct Howell 16 mm Pro
jector 273.30
• Revere 8 mm. Projector
120.00
• E. K. 16 mm. Projector
225.00
• E. K. 16 mm Sound Projec
tor 450.00
cs
323 University Ave.
Phone P.A. 4204
PROJECTORS
And a complete line of
photographic supplies.
Following projectors in
stock for immediate de
livery.
• Bell Ct Howell 16 mm Pro
jector 273.30
• Revere 8 mm. Projector
120.00
• E. K. 16 mm. Projector
225.00
• E. K. 16 mm Sound Projec
tor 450.00
cs
323 University Ave.
Phone P.A. 4204
PROJECTORS
And a complete line of
photographic supplies.
Following projectors in
stock for immediate de
livery.
• Bell Ct Howell 16 mm Pro
jector 273.30
• Revere 8 mm. Projector
120.00
• E. K. 16 mm. Projector
225.00
• E. K. 16 mm Sound Projec
tor 450.00
cs
323 University Ave.
Phone P.A. 4204
PROJECTORS
And a complete line of
photographic supplies.
Following projectors in
stock for immediate de
livery.
• Bell Ct Howell 16 mm Pro
jector 273.30
• Revere 8 mm. Projector
120.00
• E. K. 16 mm. Projector
225.00
• E. K. 16 mm Sound Projec
tor 450.00
cs
323 University Ave.
Phone P.A. 4204
PROJECTORS
And a complete line of
photographic supplies.
Following projectors in
stock for immediate de
livery.
• Bell Ct Howell 16 mm Pro
jector 273.30
• Revere 8 mm. Projector
120.00
• E. K. 16 mm. Projector
225.00
• E. K. 16 mm Sound Projec
tor 450.00
cs
323 University Ave.
Phone P.A. 4204
PROJECTORS
And a complete line of
photographic supplies.
Following projectors in
stock for immediate de
livery.
• Bell Ct Howell 16 mm Pro
jector 273.30
• Revere 8 mm. Projector
120.00
• E. K. 16 mm. Projector
225.00
• E. K. 16 mm Sound Projec
tor 450.00
cs
323 University Ave.
Phone P.A. 4204
PROJECTORS
And a complete line of
photographic supplies.
Following projectors in
stock for immediate de
livery.
• Bell Ct Howell 16 mm Pro
jector 273.30
• Revere 8 mm. Projector
120.00
• E. K. 16 mm. Projector
225.00
• E. K. 16 mm Sound Projec
tor 450.00
cs
323 University Ave.
Phone P.A. 4204
PROJECTORS
And a complete line of
photographic supplies.
Following projectors in
stock for immediate de
livery.
• Bell Ct Howell 16 mm Pro
jector 273.30
• Revere 8 mm. Projector
120.00
• E. K. 16 mm. Projector
225.00
• E. K. 16 mm Sound Projec
tor 450.00
cs
323 University Ave.
Phone P.A. 4204
