# YWCA Chooses Class Officers
## 
### 
Peggy Sherman, Fran Garvin, and
Dottic Lamar were clectcd presi
dents of the new YWCA sophomore,
junior, and senior cabinets respec
tively, according to Peggy Milnor,
new "Y" president.
Other class officers for next year
selected by "Y" members in Mon
day night's elections include:
Sophomore cabinet: Janet Hoteh -
kiss, vice-president; Elaine Wallcn,
secretary-treasurer. Junior cabinet:
Freddie Hubbard, vice-president;
Barbara Bjornstrom, secretary -
treasurer. Senior cabinet: Mary El
len Rice, vice-president; P;it!y
Gammon, secretary-treasurer.
Those officers, as well as old and
new officers of the "Y" cabinet, will
entertain Miss Fern Babcock, pro
gram co-ordinator of the National
Student Council of the YWCA, at ;■
buffet luncheon this noon in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Peggy Sherman, Fran Garvin, and
Dottic Lamar were clectcd presi
dents of the new YWCA sophomore,
junior, and senior cabinets respec
tively, according to Peggy Milnor,
new "Y" president.
Other class officers for next year
selected by "Y" members in Mon
day night's elections include:
Sophomore cabinet: Janet Hoteh -
kiss, vice-president; Elaine Wallcn,
secretary-treasurer. Junior cabinet:
Freddie Hubbard, vice-president;
Barbara Bjornstrom, secretary -
treasurer. Senior cabinet: Mary El
len Rice, vice-president; P;it!y
Gammon, secretary-treasurer.
Those officers, as well as old and
new officers of the "Y" cabinet, will
entertain Miss Fern Babcock, pro
gram co-ordinator of the National
Student Council of the YWCA, at ;■
buffet luncheon this noon in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Peggy Sherman, Fran Garvin, and
Dottic Lamar were clectcd presi
dents of the new YWCA sophomore,
junior, and senior cabinets respec
tively, according to Peggy Milnor,
new "Y" president.
Other class officers for next year
selected by "Y" members in Mon
day night's elections include:
Sophomore cabinet: Janet Hoteh -
kiss, vice-president; Elaine Wallcn,
secretary-treasurer. Junior cabinet:
Freddie Hubbard, vice-president;
Barbara Bjornstrom, secretary -
treasurer. Senior cabinet: Mary El
len Rice, vice-president; P;it!y
Gammon, secretary-treasurer.
Those officers, as well as old and
new officers of the "Y" cabinet, will
entertain Miss Fern Babcock, pro
gram co-ordinator of the National
Student Council of the YWCA, at ;■
buffet luncheon this noon in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Peggy Sherman, Fran Garvin, and
Dottic Lamar were clectcd presi
dents of the new YWCA sophomore,
junior, and senior cabinets respec
tively, according to Peggy Milnor,
new "Y" president.
Other class officers for next year
selected by "Y" members in Mon
day night's elections include:
Sophomore cabinet: Janet Hoteh -
kiss, vice-president; Elaine Wallcn,
secretary-treasurer. Junior cabinet:
Freddie Hubbard, vice-president;
Barbara Bjornstrom, secretary -
treasurer. Senior cabinet: Mary El
len Rice, vice-president; P;it!y
Gammon, secretary-treasurer.
Those officers, as well as old and
new officers of the "Y" cabinet, will
entertain Miss Fern Babcock, pro
gram co-ordinator of the National
Student Council of the YWCA, at ;■
buffet luncheon this noon in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Peggy Sherman, Fran Garvin, and
Dottic Lamar were clectcd presi
dents of the new YWCA sophomore,
junior, and senior cabinets respec
tively, according to Peggy Milnor,
new "Y" president.
Other class officers for next year
selected by "Y" members in Mon
day night's elections include:
Sophomore cabinet: Janet Hoteh -
kiss, vice-president; Elaine Wallcn,
secretary-treasurer. Junior cabinet:
Freddie Hubbard, vice-president;
Barbara Bjornstrom, secretary -
treasurer. Senior cabinet: Mary El
len Rice, vice-president; P;it!y
Gammon, secretary-treasurer.
Those officers, as well as old and
new officers of the "Y" cabinet, will
entertain Miss Fern Babcock, pro
gram co-ordinator of the National
Student Council of the YWCA, at ;■
buffet luncheon this noon in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Peggy Sherman, Fran Garvin, and
Dottic Lamar were clectcd presi
dents of the new YWCA sophomore,
junior, and senior cabinets respec
tively, according to Peggy Milnor,
new "Y" president.
Other class officers for next year
selected by "Y" members in Mon
day night's elections include:
Sophomore cabinet: Janet Hoteh -
kiss, vice-president; Elaine Wallcn,
secretary-treasurer. Junior cabinet:
Freddie Hubbard, vice-president;
Barbara Bjornstrom, secretary -
treasurer. Senior cabinet: Mary El
len Rice, vice-president; P;it!y
Gammon, secretary-treasurer.
Those officers, as well as old and
new officers of the "Y" cabinet, will
entertain Miss Fern Babcock, pro
gram co-ordinator of the National
Student Council of the YWCA, at ;■
buffet luncheon this noon in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Peggy Sherman, Fran Garvin, and
Dottic Lamar were clectcd presi
dents of the new YWCA sophomore,
junior, and senior cabinets respec
tively, according to Peggy Milnor,
new "Y" president.
Other class officers for next year
selected by "Y" members in Mon
day night's elections include:
Sophomore cabinet: Janet Hoteh -
kiss, vice-president; Elaine Wallcn,
secretary-treasurer. Junior cabinet:
Freddie Hubbard, vice-president;
Barbara Bjornstrom, secretary -
treasurer. Senior cabinet: Mary El
len Rice, vice-president; P;it!y
Gammon, secretary-treasurer.
Those officers, as well as old and
new officers of the "Y" cabinet, will
entertain Miss Fern Babcock, pro
gram co-ordinator of the National
Student Council of the YWCA, at ;■
buffet luncheon this noon in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Peggy Sherman, Fran Garvin, and
Dottic Lamar were clectcd presi
dents of the new YWCA sophomore,
junior, and senior cabinets respec
tively, according to Peggy Milnor,
new "Y" president.
Other class officers for next year
selected by "Y" members in Mon
day night's elections include:
Sophomore cabinet: Janet Hoteh -
kiss, vice-president; Elaine Wallcn,
secretary-treasurer. Junior cabinet:
Freddie Hubbard, vice-president;
Barbara Bjornstrom, secretary -
treasurer. Senior cabinet: Mary El
len Rice, vice-president; P;it!y
Gammon, secretary-treasurer.
Those officers, as well as old and
new officers of the "Y" cabinet, will
entertain Miss Fern Babcock, pro
gram co-ordinator of the National
Student Council of the YWCA, at ;■
buffet luncheon this noon in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Peggy Sherman, Fran Garvin, and
Dottic Lamar were clectcd presi
dents of the new YWCA sophomore,
junior, and senior cabinets respec
tively, according to Peggy Milnor,
new "Y" president.
Other class officers for next year
selected by "Y" members in Mon
day night's elections include:
Sophomore cabinet: Janet Hoteh -
kiss, vice-president; Elaine Wallcn,
secretary-treasurer. Junior cabinet:
Freddie Hubbard, vice-president;
Barbara Bjornstrom, secretary -
treasurer. Senior cabinet: Mary El
len Rice, vice-president; P;it!y
Gammon, secretary-treasurer.
Those officers, as well as old and
new officers of the "Y" cabinet, will
entertain Miss Fern Babcock, pro
gram co-ordinator of the National
Student Council of the YWCA, at ;■
buffet luncheon this noon in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Peggy Sherman, Fran Garvin, and
Dottic Lamar were clectcd presi
dents of the new YWCA sophomore,
junior, and senior cabinets respec
tively, according to Peggy Milnor,
new "Y" president.
Other class officers for next year
selected by "Y" members in Mon
day night's elections include:
Sophomore cabinet: Janet Hoteh -
kiss, vice-president; Elaine Wallcn,
secretary-treasurer. Junior cabinet:
Freddie Hubbard, vice-president;
Barbara Bjornstrom, secretary -
treasurer. Senior cabinet: Mary El
len Rice, vice-president; P;it!y
Gammon, secretary-treasurer.
Those officers, as well as old and
new officers of the "Y" cabinet, will
entertain Miss Fern Babcock, pro
gram co-ordinator of the National
Student Council of the YWCA, at ;■
buffet luncheon this noon in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Peggy Sherman, Fran Garvin, and
Dottic Lamar were clectcd presi
dents of the new YWCA sophomore,
junior, and senior cabinets respec
tively, according to Peggy Milnor,
new "Y" president.
Other class officers for next year
selected by "Y" members in Mon
day night's elections include:
Sophomore cabinet: Janet Hoteh -
kiss, vice-president; Elaine Wallcn,
secretary-treasurer. Junior cabinet:
Freddie Hubbard, vice-president;
Barbara Bjornstrom, secretary -
treasurer. Senior cabinet: Mary El
len Rice, vice-president; P;it!y
Gammon, secretary-treasurer.
Those officers, as well as old and
new officers of the "Y" cabinet, will
entertain Miss Fern Babcock, pro
gram co-ordinator of the National
Student Council of the YWCA, at ;■
buffet luncheon this noon in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Peggy Sherman, Fran Garvin, and
Dottic Lamar were clectcd presi
dents of the new YWCA sophomore,
junior, and senior cabinets respec
tively, according to Peggy Milnor,
new "Y" president.
Other class officers for next year
selected by "Y" members in Mon
day night's elections include:
Sophomore cabinet: Janet Hoteh -
kiss, vice-president; Elaine Wallcn,
secretary-treasurer. Junior cabinet:
Freddie Hubbard, vice-president;
Barbara Bjornstrom, secretary -
treasurer. Senior cabinet: Mary El
len Rice, vice-president; P;it!y
Gammon, secretary-treasurer.
Those officers, as well as old and
new officers of the "Y" cabinet, will
entertain Miss Fern Babcock, pro
gram co-ordinator of the National
Student Council of the YWCA, at ;■
buffet luncheon this noon in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Peggy Sherman, Fran Garvin, and
Dottic Lamar were clectcd presi
dents of the new YWCA sophomore,
junior, and senior cabinets respec
tively, according to Peggy Milnor,
new "Y" president.
Other class officers for next year
selected by "Y" members in Mon
day night's elections include:
Sophomore cabinet: Janet Hoteh -
kiss, vice-president; Elaine Wallcn,
secretary-treasurer. Junior cabinet:
Freddie Hubbard, vice-president;
Barbara Bjornstrom, secretary -
treasurer. Senior cabinet: Mary El
len Rice, vice-president; P;it!y
Gammon, secretary-treasurer.
Those officers, as well as old and
new officers of the "Y" cabinet, will
entertain Miss Fern Babcock, pro
gram co-ordinator of the National
Student Council of the YWCA, at ;■
buffet luncheon this noon in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Peggy Sherman, Fran Garvin, and
Dottic Lamar were clectcd presi
dents of the new YWCA sophomore,
junior, and senior cabinets respec
tively, according to Peggy Milnor,
new "Y" president.
Other class officers for next year
selected by "Y" members in Mon
day night's elections include:
Sophomore cabinet: Janet Hoteh -
kiss, vice-president; Elaine Wallcn,
secretary-treasurer. Junior cabinet:
Freddie Hubbard, vice-president;
Barbara Bjornstrom, secretary -
treasurer. Senior cabinet: Mary El
len Rice, vice-president; P;it!y
Gammon, secretary-treasurer.
Those officers, as well as old and
new officers of the "Y" cabinet, will
entertain Miss Fern Babcock, pro
gram co-ordinator of the National
Student Council of the YWCA, at ;■
buffet luncheon this noon in the
Women's Clubhouse.
Peggy Sherman, Fran Garvin, and
Dottic Lamar were clectcd presi
dents of the new YWCA sophomore,
junior, and senior cabinets respec
tively, according to Peggy Milnor,
new "Y" president.
Other class officers for next year
selected by "Y" members in Mon
day night's elections include:
Sophomore cabinet: Janet Hoteh -
kiss, vice-president; Elaine Wallcn,
secretary-treasurer. Junior cabinet:
Freddie Hubbard, vice-president;
Barbara Bjornstrom, secretary -
treasurer. Senior cabinet: Mary El
len Rice, vice-president; P;it!y
Gammon, secretary-treasurer.
Those officers, as well as old and
new officers of the "Y" cabinet, will
entertain Miss Fern Babcock, pro
gram co-ordinator of the National
Student Council of the YWCA, at ;■
buffet luncheon this noon in the
Women's Clubhouse.
