# DEAN CULVER SPEAKS BEFORE TEXAS CLUB
## 
### 
Raeburn Doughty, '23. was elected
president of the Texas Club at a meet
ing held last night. The other officers
elected were Knox Miller, '23, secretary
treasurer, and Julia Spears, '23, re
porter. Dean Culver talked to the mem
bers of the organization al>out the re
sources of their state and emphasized
the importance in the future of the ties
formed through such clubs as this. A
short program followed the business
meeting. Paul Talbert, '22, gave a negro
monologue, and Alvin Wendt, '21, ac
companied by Jack Heffernan, sang sev
eral selections. The evening ended with
refreshments.
Raeburn Doughty, '23. was elected
president of the Texas Club at a meet
ing held last night. The other officers
elected were Knox Miller, '23, secretary
treasurer, and Julia Spears, '23, re
porter. Dean Culver talked to the mem
bers of the organization al>out the re
sources of their state and emphasized
the importance in the future of the ties
formed through such clubs as this. A
short program followed the business
meeting. Paul Talbert, '22, gave a negro
monologue, and Alvin Wendt, '21, ac
companied by Jack Heffernan, sang sev
eral selections. The evening ended with
refreshments.
Raeburn Doughty, '23. was elected
president of the Texas Club at a meet
ing held last night. The other officers
elected were Knox Miller, '23, secretary
treasurer, and Julia Spears, '23, re
porter. Dean Culver talked to the mem
bers of the organization al>out the re
sources of their state and emphasized
the importance in the future of the ties
formed through such clubs as this. A
short program followed the business
meeting. Paul Talbert, '22, gave a negro
monologue, and Alvin Wendt, '21, ac
companied by Jack Heffernan, sang sev
eral selections. The evening ended with
refreshments.
Raeburn Doughty, '23. was elected
president of the Texas Club at a meet
ing held last night. The other officers
elected were Knox Miller, '23, secretary
treasurer, and Julia Spears, '23, re
porter. Dean Culver talked to the mem
bers of the organization al>out the re
sources of their state and emphasized
the importance in the future of the ties
formed through such clubs as this. A
short program followed the business
meeting. Paul Talbert, '22, gave a negro
monologue, and Alvin Wendt, '21, ac
companied by Jack Heffernan, sang sev
eral selections. The evening ended with
refreshments.
Raeburn Doughty, '23. was elected
president of the Texas Club at a meet
ing held last night. The other officers
elected were Knox Miller, '23, secretary
treasurer, and Julia Spears, '23, re
porter. Dean Culver talked to the mem
bers of the organization al>out the re
sources of their state and emphasized
the importance in the future of the ties
formed through such clubs as this. A
short program followed the business
meeting. Paul Talbert, '22, gave a negro
monologue, and Alvin Wendt, '21, ac
companied by Jack Heffernan, sang sev
eral selections. The evening ended with
refreshments.
Raeburn Doughty, '23. was elected
president of the Texas Club at a meet
ing held last night. The other officers
elected were Knox Miller, '23, secretary
treasurer, and Julia Spears, '23, re
porter. Dean Culver talked to the mem
bers of the organization al>out the re
sources of their state and emphasized
the importance in the future of the ties
formed through such clubs as this. A
short program followed the business
meeting. Paul Talbert, '22, gave a negro
monologue, and Alvin Wendt, '21, ac
companied by Jack Heffernan, sang sev
eral selections. The evening ended with
refreshments.
Raeburn Doughty, '23. was elected
president of the Texas Club at a meet
ing held last night. The other officers
elected were Knox Miller, '23, secretary
treasurer, and Julia Spears, '23, re
porter. Dean Culver talked to the mem
bers of the organization al>out the re
sources of their state and emphasized
the importance in the future of the ties
formed through such clubs as this. A
short program followed the business
meeting. Paul Talbert, '22, gave a negro
monologue, and Alvin Wendt, '21, ac
companied by Jack Heffernan, sang sev
eral selections. The evening ended with
refreshments.
Raeburn Doughty, '23. was elected
president of the Texas Club at a meet
ing held last night. The other officers
elected were Knox Miller, '23, secretary
treasurer, and Julia Spears, '23, re
porter. Dean Culver talked to the mem
bers of the organization al>out the re
sources of their state and emphasized
the importance in the future of the ties
formed through such clubs as this. A
short program followed the business
meeting. Paul Talbert, '22, gave a negro
monologue, and Alvin Wendt, '21, ac
companied by Jack Heffernan, sang sev
eral selections. The evening ended with
refreshments.
Raeburn Doughty, '23. was elected
president of the Texas Club at a meet
ing held last night. The other officers
elected were Knox Miller, '23, secretary
treasurer, and Julia Spears, '23, re
porter. Dean Culver talked to the mem
bers of the organization al>out the re
sources of their state and emphasized
the importance in the future of the ties
formed through such clubs as this. A
short program followed the business
meeting. Paul Talbert, '22, gave a negro
monologue, and Alvin Wendt, '21, ac
companied by Jack Heffernan, sang sev
eral selections. The evening ended with
refreshments.
Raeburn Doughty, '23. was elected
president of the Texas Club at a meet
ing held last night. The other officers
elected were Knox Miller, '23, secretary
treasurer, and Julia Spears, '23, re
porter. Dean Culver talked to the mem
bers of the organization al>out the re
sources of their state and emphasized
the importance in the future of the ties
formed through such clubs as this. A
short program followed the business
meeting. Paul Talbert, '22, gave a negro
monologue, and Alvin Wendt, '21, ac
companied by Jack Heffernan, sang sev
eral selections. The evening ended with
refreshments.
Raeburn Doughty, '23. was elected
president of the Texas Club at a meet
ing held last night. The other officers
elected were Knox Miller, '23, secretary
treasurer, and Julia Spears, '23, re
porter. Dean Culver talked to the mem
bers of the organization al>out the re
sources of their state and emphasized
the importance in the future of the ties
formed through such clubs as this. A
short program followed the business
meeting. Paul Talbert, '22, gave a negro
monologue, and Alvin Wendt, '21, ac
companied by Jack Heffernan, sang sev
eral selections. The evening ended with
refreshments.
Raeburn Doughty, '23. was elected
president of the Texas Club at a meet
ing held last night. The other officers
elected were Knox Miller, '23, secretary
treasurer, and Julia Spears, '23, re
porter. Dean Culver talked to the mem
bers of the organization al>out the re
sources of their state and emphasized
the importance in the future of the ties
formed through such clubs as this. A
short program followed the business
meeting. Paul Talbert, '22, gave a negro
monologue, and Alvin Wendt, '21, ac
companied by Jack Heffernan, sang sev
eral selections. The evening ended with
refreshments.
Raeburn Doughty, '23. was elected
president of the Texas Club at a meet
ing held last night. The other officers
elected were Knox Miller, '23, secretary
treasurer, and Julia Spears, '23, re
porter. Dean Culver talked to the mem
bers of the organization al>out the re
sources of their state and emphasized
the importance in the future of the ties
formed through such clubs as this. A
short program followed the business
meeting. Paul Talbert, '22, gave a negro
monologue, and Alvin Wendt, '21, ac
companied by Jack Heffernan, sang sev
eral selections. The evening ended with
refreshments.
