# COLOMBIA TREATY IS SUBJECT TO DEBATE
## 
### 
An intra-society debate will be the
Feature of the meeting of the Neatoria
Debating Society, tonight, at 7:30, in
Room 12 of the Law Building. The
question is to be: "Resolved, That the
United States should pay Colombia
$25,000,000 for the Panama Canal
Zone." Those supporting the affirma
tive will be Mike Hodges, '23, and E.
I.oeb. '24, while the negative will be
uphold by Victor Cappa, '23, and Paul
Working, '24.
At this meeting plans will be con
sidered for the dual debate to be held
with the College of the Pacific next
week.
An intra-society debate will be the
Feature of the meeting of the Neatoria
Debating Society, tonight, at 7:30, in
Room 12 of the Law Building. The
question is to be: "Resolved, That the
United States should pay Colombia
$25,000,000 for the Panama Canal
Zone." Those supporting the affirma
tive will be Mike Hodges, '23, and E.
I.oeb. '24, while the negative will be
uphold by Victor Cappa, '23, and Paul
Working, '24.
At this meeting plans will be con
sidered for the dual debate to be held
with the College of the Pacific next
week.
An intra-society debate will be the
Feature of the meeting of the Neatoria
Debating Society, tonight, at 7:30, in
Room 12 of the Law Building. The
question is to be: "Resolved, That the
United States should pay Colombia
$25,000,000 for the Panama Canal
Zone." Those supporting the affirma
tive will be Mike Hodges, '23, and E.
I.oeb. '24, while the negative will be
uphold by Victor Cappa, '23, and Paul
Working, '24.
At this meeting plans will be con
sidered for the dual debate to be held
with the College of the Pacific next
week.
An intra-society debate will be the
Feature of the meeting of the Neatoria
Debating Society, tonight, at 7:30, in
Room 12 of the Law Building. The
question is to be: "Resolved, That the
United States should pay Colombia
$25,000,000 for the Panama Canal
Zone." Those supporting the affirma
tive will be Mike Hodges, '23, and E.
I.oeb. '24, while the negative will be
uphold by Victor Cappa, '23, and Paul
Working, '24.
At this meeting plans will be con
sidered for the dual debate to be held
with the College of the Pacific next
week.
An intra-society debate will be the
Feature of the meeting of the Neatoria
Debating Society, tonight, at 7:30, in
Room 12 of the Law Building. The
question is to be: "Resolved, That the
United States should pay Colombia
$25,000,000 for the Panama Canal
Zone." Those supporting the affirma
tive will be Mike Hodges, '23, and E.
I.oeb. '24, while the negative will be
uphold by Victor Cappa, '23, and Paul
Working, '24.
At this meeting plans will be con
sidered for the dual debate to be held
with the College of the Pacific next
week.
An intra-society debate will be the
Feature of the meeting of the Neatoria
Debating Society, tonight, at 7:30, in
Room 12 of the Law Building. The
question is to be: "Resolved, That the
United States should pay Colombia
$25,000,000 for the Panama Canal
Zone." Those supporting the affirma
tive will be Mike Hodges, '23, and E.
I.oeb. '24, while the negative will be
uphold by Victor Cappa, '23, and Paul
Working, '24.
At this meeting plans will be con
sidered for the dual debate to be held
with the College of the Pacific next
week.
An intra-society debate will be the
Feature of the meeting of the Neatoria
Debating Society, tonight, at 7:30, in
Room 12 of the Law Building. The
question is to be: "Resolved, That the
United States should pay Colombia
$25,000,000 for the Panama Canal
Zone." Those supporting the affirma
tive will be Mike Hodges, '23, and E.
I.oeb. '24, while the negative will be
uphold by Victor Cappa, '23, and Paul
Working, '24.
At this meeting plans will be con
sidered for the dual debate to be held
with the College of the Pacific next
week.
An intra-society debate will be the
Feature of the meeting of the Neatoria
Debating Society, tonight, at 7:30, in
Room 12 of the Law Building. The
question is to be: "Resolved, That the
United States should pay Colombia
$25,000,000 for the Panama Canal
Zone." Those supporting the affirma
tive will be Mike Hodges, '23, and E.
I.oeb. '24, while the negative will be
uphold by Victor Cappa, '23, and Paul
Working, '24.
At this meeting plans will be con
sidered for the dual debate to be held
with the College of the Pacific next
week.
An intra-society debate will be the
Feature of the meeting of the Neatoria
Debating Society, tonight, at 7:30, in
Room 12 of the Law Building. The
question is to be: "Resolved, That the
United States should pay Colombia
$25,000,000 for the Panama Canal
Zone." Those supporting the affirma
tive will be Mike Hodges, '23, and E.
I.oeb. '24, while the negative will be
uphold by Victor Cappa, '23, and Paul
Working, '24.
At this meeting plans will be con
sidered for the dual debate to be held
with the College of the Pacific next
week.
An intra-society debate will be the
Feature of the meeting of the Neatoria
Debating Society, tonight, at 7:30, in
Room 12 of the Law Building. The
question is to be: "Resolved, That the
United States should pay Colombia
$25,000,000 for the Panama Canal
Zone." Those supporting the affirma
tive will be Mike Hodges, '23, and E.
I.oeb. '24, while the negative will be
uphold by Victor Cappa, '23, and Paul
Working, '24.
At this meeting plans will be con
sidered for the dual debate to be held
with the College of the Pacific next
week.
An intra-society debate will be the
Feature of the meeting of the Neatoria
Debating Society, tonight, at 7:30, in
Room 12 of the Law Building. The
question is to be: "Resolved, That the
United States should pay Colombia
$25,000,000 for the Panama Canal
Zone." Those supporting the affirma
tive will be Mike Hodges, '23, and E.
I.oeb. '24, while the negative will be
uphold by Victor Cappa, '23, and Paul
Working, '24.
At this meeting plans will be con
sidered for the dual debate to be held
with the College of the Pacific next
week.
An intra-society debate will be the
Feature of the meeting of the Neatoria
Debating Society, tonight, at 7:30, in
Room 12 of the Law Building. The
question is to be: "Resolved, That the
United States should pay Colombia
$25,000,000 for the Panama Canal
Zone." Those supporting the affirma
tive will be Mike Hodges, '23, and E.
I.oeb. '24, while the negative will be
uphold by Victor Cappa, '23, and Paul
Working, '24.
At this meeting plans will be con
sidered for the dual debate to be held
with the College of the Pacific next
week.
An intra-society debate will be the
Feature of the meeting of the Neatoria
Debating Society, tonight, at 7:30, in
Room 12 of the Law Building. The
question is to be: "Resolved, That the
United States should pay Colombia
$25,000,000 for the Panama Canal
Zone." Those supporting the affirma
tive will be Mike Hodges, '23, and E.
I.oeb. '24, while the negative will be
uphold by Victor Cappa, '23, and Paul
Working, '24.
At this meeting plans will be con
sidered for the dual debate to be held
with the College of the Pacific next
week.
