# JOURNALISTS WILL MEET THIS EVENING
## 
### 
Tonight at 6 o'clock, journalists will
gather at the home of Professor Ever
ett W. Swith, 12 Alvarado Row, to
hear Marjorie Driscoll,, '13, of the
San Francisco Chronicle. Before she
speaks the members of the American
Journalists Association and any others
who are interested will be the guests
of Mr. and Mrs. Smith at an informal
dinner. The meeting will adjourn no
later than 8 o'clock, giving those who
wish to speak to Miss Driscoll per
sonally, an opportunity to remain.
Tonight's speaker will be the first
woman which the journalist associa
tion has brought to the campus. This,
added to the fact that she is a Stan
ford graduate and has had a compre
hensive experience which has in
cluded both small-town and metro
politan newspapers, make her appear
ance of unusual interest.
