# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
'"■•■■■■■ ; I
L _
Full-length
COATS
basket weave and fleece
Shawl collars
Patch pockcts
Bone button trim
„ Pastel colors:
yellow, powder blue, pink,
cherry, beige
Sizes 10 to 16
$49.95 & $55.00
Phelps
Terhel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
'"■•■■■■■ ; I
L _
Full-length
COATS
basket weave and fleece
Shawl collars
Patch pockcts
Bone button trim
„ Pastel colors:
yellow, powder blue, pink,
cherry, beige
Sizes 10 to 16
$49.95 & $55.00
Phelps
Terhel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
'"■•■■■■■ ; I
L _
Full-length
COATS
basket weave and fleece
Shawl collars
Patch pockcts
Bone button trim
„ Pastel colors:
yellow, powder blue, pink,
cherry, beige
Sizes 10 to 16
$49.95 & $55.00
Phelps
Terhel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
'"■•■■■■■ ; I
L _
Full-length
COATS
basket weave and fleece
Shawl collars
Patch pockcts
Bone button trim
„ Pastel colors:
yellow, powder blue, pink,
cherry, beige
Sizes 10 to 16
$49.95 & $55.00
Phelps
Terhel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
'"■•■■■■■ ; I
L _
Full-length
COATS
basket weave and fleece
Shawl collars
Patch pockcts
Bone button trim
„ Pastel colors:
yellow, powder blue, pink,
cherry, beige
Sizes 10 to 16
$49.95 & $55.00
Phelps
Terhel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
'"■•■■■■■ ; I
L _
Full-length
COATS
basket weave and fleece
Shawl collars
Patch pockcts
Bone button trim
„ Pastel colors:
yellow, powder blue, pink,
cherry, beige
Sizes 10 to 16
$49.95 & $55.00
Phelps
Terhel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
'"■•■■■■■ ; I
L _
Full-length
COATS
basket weave and fleece
Shawl collars
Patch pockcts
Bone button trim
„ Pastel colors:
yellow, powder blue, pink,
cherry, beige
Sizes 10 to 16
$49.95 & $55.00
Phelps
Terhel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
'"■•■■■■■ ; I
L _
Full-length
COATS
basket weave and fleece
Shawl collars
Patch pockcts
Bone button trim
„ Pastel colors:
yellow, powder blue, pink,
cherry, beige
Sizes 10 to 16
$49.95 & $55.00
Phelps
Terhel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
'"■•■■■■■ ; I
L _
Full-length
COATS
basket weave and fleece
Shawl collars
Patch pockcts
Bone button trim
„ Pastel colors:
yellow, powder blue, pink,
cherry, beige
Sizes 10 to 16
$49.95 & $55.00
Phelps
Terhel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
'"■•■■■■■ ; I
L _
Full-length
COATS
basket weave and fleece
Shawl collars
Patch pockcts
Bone button trim
„ Pastel colors:
yellow, powder blue, pink,
cherry, beige
Sizes 10 to 16
$49.95 & $55.00
Phelps
Terhel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
'"■•■■■■■ ; I
L _
Full-length
COATS
basket weave and fleece
Shawl collars
Patch pockcts
Bone button trim
„ Pastel colors:
yellow, powder blue, pink,
cherry, beige
Sizes 10 to 16
$49.95 & $55.00
Phelps
Terhel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
'"■•■■■■■ ; I
L _
Full-length
COATS
basket weave and fleece
Shawl collars
Patch pockcts
Bone button trim
„ Pastel colors:
yellow, powder blue, pink,
cherry, beige
Sizes 10 to 16
$49.95 & $55.00
Phelps
Terhel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
'"■•■■■■■ ; I
L _
Full-length
COATS
basket weave and fleece
Shawl collars
Patch pockcts
Bone button trim
„ Pastel colors:
yellow, powder blue, pink,
cherry, beige
Sizes 10 to 16
$49.95 & $55.00
Phelps
Terhel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
'"■•■■■■■ ; I
L _
Full-length
COATS
basket weave and fleece
Shawl collars
Patch pockcts
Bone button trim
„ Pastel colors:
yellow, powder blue, pink,
cherry, beige
Sizes 10 to 16
$49.95 & $55.00
Phelps
Terhel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
'"■•■■■■■ ; I
L _
Full-length
COATS
basket weave and fleece
Shawl collars
Patch pockcts
Bone button trim
„ Pastel colors:
yellow, powder blue, pink,
cherry, beige
Sizes 10 to 16
$49.95 & $55.00
Phelps
Terhel
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
