# SPRING REG DANCE
## 
### 
Applications for the Spring Quar
ter Rpg Dance arc still being ac
cepted. In order to bo considered,
they should bo turned in to the
ASSU office as soon as possible.
Applications for the Spring Quar
ter Rpg Dance arc still being ac
cepted. In order to bo considered,
they should bo turned in to the
ASSU office as soon as possible.
Applications for the Spring Quar
ter Rpg Dance arc still being ac
cepted. In order to bo considered,
they should bo turned in to the
ASSU office as soon as possible.
Applications for the Spring Quar
ter Rpg Dance arc still being ac
cepted. In order to bo considered,
they should bo turned in to the
ASSU office as soon as possible.
Applications for the Spring Quar
ter Rpg Dance arc still being ac
cepted. In order to bo considered,
they should bo turned in to the
ASSU office as soon as possible.
Applications for the Spring Quar
ter Rpg Dance arc still being ac
cepted. In order to bo considered,
they should bo turned in to the
ASSU office as soon as possible.
Applications for the Spring Quar
ter Rpg Dance arc still being ac
cepted. In order to bo considered,
they should bo turned in to the
ASSU office as soon as possible.
Applications for the Spring Quar
ter Rpg Dance arc still being ac
cepted. In order to bo considered,
they should bo turned in to the
ASSU office as soon as possible.
Applications for the Spring Quar
ter Rpg Dance arc still being ac
cepted. In order to bo considered,
they should bo turned in to the
ASSU office as soon as possible.
Applications for the Spring Quar
ter Rpg Dance arc still being ac
cepted. In order to bo considered,
they should bo turned in to the
ASSU office as soon as possible.
Applications for the Spring Quar
ter Rpg Dance arc still being ac
cepted. In order to bo considered,
they should bo turned in to the
ASSU office as soon as possible.
Applications for the Spring Quar
ter Rpg Dance arc still being ac
cepted. In order to bo considered,
they should bo turned in to the
ASSU office as soon as possible.
Applications for the Spring Quar
ter Rpg Dance arc still being ac
cepted. In order to bo considered,
they should bo turned in to the
ASSU office as soon as possible.
Applications for the Spring Quar
ter Rpg Dance arc still being ac
cepted. In order to bo considered,
they should bo turned in to the
ASSU office as soon as possible.
Applications for the Spring Quar
ter Rpg Dance arc still being ac
cepted. In order to bo considered,
they should bo turned in to the
ASSU office as soon as possible.
