# The 						Old Boy Appears Again
## 
### 
(The Daily maintains no re.-
sponsihility for the following ar
ticle, submitted by the Chaparral
publicity staff.)
Remember Vague — that scintil
lating takeoff on the most sophisti
cated of national magazines?
Remember Fawchun—that irrev
erent version of the plutocrats'
monthly Bible?
You don't?
Well, let's try again. The Stanford
Chaparral is again submerging its
true identity and performing the
annual tour de force—the parody
issue.
The Ladies' Prone Journal, Chap
pie's idea of the American woman's
monthly intellectual pablum, will
arrive on the campus stands next
Wednesday, with all the Journal
style inside dope on teen - agers,
American family life, married life,
sub-deb life, and what-not.
Don't say we didn't warn you.
