# Dames Will Discuss Child's Social Growth
## 
### 
"Social Development in Children"
will be discussed at the meeting of
the child care section of Stanford
Dames tonight at 7:45 p.m. in the
upper lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Dr. Frances G. Orr, assistant pro
fessor of psychology, will be the
speaker.
"Social Development in Children"
will be discussed at the meeting of
the child care section of Stanford
Dames tonight at 7:45 p.m. in the
upper lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Dr. Frances G. Orr, assistant pro
fessor of psychology, will be the
speaker.
"Social Development in Children"
will be discussed at the meeting of
the child care section of Stanford
Dames tonight at 7:45 p.m. in the
upper lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Dr. Frances G. Orr, assistant pro
fessor of psychology, will be the
speaker.
"Social Development in Children"
will be discussed at the meeting of
the child care section of Stanford
Dames tonight at 7:45 p.m. in the
upper lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Dr. Frances G. Orr, assistant pro
fessor of psychology, will be the
speaker.
"Social Development in Children"
will be discussed at the meeting of
the child care section of Stanford
Dames tonight at 7:45 p.m. in the
upper lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Dr. Frances G. Orr, assistant pro
fessor of psychology, will be the
speaker.
"Social Development in Children"
will be discussed at the meeting of
the child care section of Stanford
Dames tonight at 7:45 p.m. in the
upper lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Dr. Frances G. Orr, assistant pro
fessor of psychology, will be the
speaker.
"Social Development in Children"
will be discussed at the meeting of
the child care section of Stanford
Dames tonight at 7:45 p.m. in the
upper lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Dr. Frances G. Orr, assistant pro
fessor of psychology, will be the
speaker.
"Social Development in Children"
will be discussed at the meeting of
the child care section of Stanford
Dames tonight at 7:45 p.m. in the
upper lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Dr. Frances G. Orr, assistant pro
fessor of psychology, will be the
speaker.
"Social Development in Children"
will be discussed at the meeting of
the child care section of Stanford
Dames tonight at 7:45 p.m. in the
upper lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Dr. Frances G. Orr, assistant pro
fessor of psychology, will be the
speaker.
"Social Development in Children"
will be discussed at the meeting of
the child care section of Stanford
Dames tonight at 7:45 p.m. in the
upper lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Dr. Frances G. Orr, assistant pro
fessor of psychology, will be the
speaker.
"Social Development in Children"
will be discussed at the meeting of
the child care section of Stanford
Dames tonight at 7:45 p.m. in the
upper lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Dr. Frances G. Orr, assistant pro
fessor of psychology, will be the
speaker.
"Social Development in Children"
will be discussed at the meeting of
the child care section of Stanford
Dames tonight at 7:45 p.m. in the
upper lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Dr. Frances G. Orr, assistant pro
fessor of psychology, will be the
speaker.
"Social Development in Children"
will be discussed at the meeting of
the child care section of Stanford
Dames tonight at 7:45 p.m. in the
upper lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Dr. Frances G. Orr, assistant pro
fessor of psychology, will be the
speaker.
"Social Development in Children"
will be discussed at the meeting of
the child care section of Stanford
Dames tonight at 7:45 p.m. in the
upper lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Dr. Frances G. Orr, assistant pro
fessor of psychology, will be the
speaker.
"Social Development in Children"
will be discussed at the meeting of
the child care section of Stanford
Dames tonight at 7:45 p.m. in the
upper lounge of the Women's Club
house.
Dr. Frances G. Orr, assistant pro
fessor of psychology, will be the
speaker.
