# Search for Lost Students Halted
## 
### 
The wide aerial search for the
plane bearing two Stanford men and
a Los Gatos woman was called off
yesterday, at least the search on the
California side of the Sierra Ne
vada Mountains.
Major Walter Johnson, Civil Air
Patrol search co-ordinator in Fres
no, said deep snow was covering
the area where the plane was be
lieved to have crashed. Air Force
and CAP planes were reportedly
continuing the search on the Ne
vada side of the range.
Ted Norbury, A 1 Lindauer, and
Norbury's fiancee, Terry Breck,
were aboard the light plane which
left Santa Clara Airport for Santa
Fe via Las Vegas. The plane was
last heard from over Fresno Friday
morning.
Johnson said the hunt would be
renewed when any definite lead is
forthcoming. Bad weather has ham
pered the search almost every day,
and the snow will probably have
obliterated any trace of the plane.
The wide aerial search for the
plane bearing two Stanford men and
a Los Gatos woman was called off
yesterday, at least the search on the
California side of the Sierra Ne
vada Mountains.
Major Walter Johnson, Civil Air
Patrol search co-ordinator in Fres
no, said deep snow was covering
the area where the plane was be
lieved to have crashed. Air Force
and CAP planes were reportedly
continuing the search on the Ne
vada side of the range.
Ted Norbury, A 1 Lindauer, and
Norbury's fiancee, Terry Breck,
were aboard the light plane which
left Santa Clara Airport for Santa
Fe via Las Vegas. The plane was
last heard from over Fresno Friday
morning.
Johnson said the hunt would be
renewed when any definite lead is
forthcoming. Bad weather has ham
pered the search almost every day,
and the snow will probably have
obliterated any trace of the plane.
The wide aerial search for the
plane bearing two Stanford men and
a Los Gatos woman was called off
yesterday, at least the search on the
California side of the Sierra Ne
vada Mountains.
Major Walter Johnson, Civil Air
Patrol search co-ordinator in Fres
no, said deep snow was covering
the area where the plane was be
lieved to have crashed. Air Force
and CAP planes were reportedly
continuing the search on the Ne
vada side of the range.
Ted Norbury, A 1 Lindauer, and
Norbury's fiancee, Terry Breck,
were aboard the light plane which
left Santa Clara Airport for Santa
Fe via Las Vegas. The plane was
last heard from over Fresno Friday
morning.
Johnson said the hunt would be
renewed when any definite lead is
forthcoming. Bad weather has ham
pered the search almost every day,
and the snow will probably have
obliterated any trace of the plane.
The wide aerial search for the
plane bearing two Stanford men and
a Los Gatos woman was called off
yesterday, at least the search on the
California side of the Sierra Ne
vada Mountains.
Major Walter Johnson, Civil Air
Patrol search co-ordinator in Fres
no, said deep snow was covering
the area where the plane was be
lieved to have crashed. Air Force
and CAP planes were reportedly
continuing the search on the Ne
vada side of the range.
Ted Norbury, A 1 Lindauer, and
Norbury's fiancee, Terry Breck,
were aboard the light plane which
left Santa Clara Airport for Santa
Fe via Las Vegas. The plane was
last heard from over Fresno Friday
morning.
Johnson said the hunt would be
renewed when any definite lead is
forthcoming. Bad weather has ham
pered the search almost every day,
and the snow will probably have
obliterated any trace of the plane.
The wide aerial search for the
plane bearing two Stanford men and
a Los Gatos woman was called off
yesterday, at least the search on the
California side of the Sierra Ne
vada Mountains.
Major Walter Johnson, Civil Air
Patrol search co-ordinator in Fres
no, said deep snow was covering
the area where the plane was be
lieved to have crashed. Air Force
and CAP planes were reportedly
continuing the search on the Ne
vada side of the range.
Ted Norbury, A 1 Lindauer, and
Norbury's fiancee, Terry Breck,
were aboard the light plane which
left Santa Clara Airport for Santa
Fe via Las Vegas. The plane was
last heard from over Fresno Friday
morning.
Johnson said the hunt would be
renewed when any definite lead is
forthcoming. Bad weather has ham
pered the search almost every day,
and the snow will probably have
obliterated any trace of the plane.
The wide aerial search for the
plane bearing two Stanford men and
a Los Gatos woman was called off
yesterday, at least the search on the
California side of the Sierra Ne
vada Mountains.
Major Walter Johnson, Civil Air
Patrol search co-ordinator in Fres
no, said deep snow was covering
the area where the plane was be
lieved to have crashed. Air Force
and CAP planes were reportedly
continuing the search on the Ne
vada side of the range.
Ted Norbury, A 1 Lindauer, and
Norbury's fiancee, Terry Breck,
were aboard the light plane which
left Santa Clara Airport for Santa
Fe via Las Vegas. The plane was
last heard from over Fresno Friday
morning.
Johnson said the hunt would be
renewed when any definite lead is
forthcoming. Bad weather has ham
pered the search almost every day,
and the snow will probably have
obliterated any trace of the plane.
The wide aerial search for the
plane bearing two Stanford men and
a Los Gatos woman was called off
yesterday, at least the search on the
California side of the Sierra Ne
vada Mountains.
Major Walter Johnson, Civil Air
Patrol search co-ordinator in Fres
no, said deep snow was covering
the area where the plane was be
lieved to have crashed. Air Force
and CAP planes were reportedly
continuing the search on the Ne
vada side of the range.
Ted Norbury, A 1 Lindauer, and
Norbury's fiancee, Terry Breck,
were aboard the light plane which
left Santa Clara Airport for Santa
Fe via Las Vegas. The plane was
last heard from over Fresno Friday
morning.
Johnson said the hunt would be
renewed when any definite lead is
forthcoming. Bad weather has ham
pered the search almost every day,
and the snow will probably have
obliterated any trace of the plane.
The wide aerial search for the
plane bearing two Stanford men and
a Los Gatos woman was called off
yesterday, at least the search on the
California side of the Sierra Ne
vada Mountains.
Major Walter Johnson, Civil Air
Patrol search co-ordinator in Fres
no, said deep snow was covering
the area where the plane was be
lieved to have crashed. Air Force
and CAP planes were reportedly
continuing the search on the Ne
vada side of the range.
Ted Norbury, A 1 Lindauer, and
Norbury's fiancee, Terry Breck,
were aboard the light plane which
left Santa Clara Airport for Santa
Fe via Las Vegas. The plane was
last heard from over Fresno Friday
morning.
Johnson said the hunt would be
renewed when any definite lead is
forthcoming. Bad weather has ham
pered the search almost every day,
and the snow will probably have
obliterated any trace of the plane.
The wide aerial search for the
plane bearing two Stanford men and
a Los Gatos woman was called off
yesterday, at least the search on the
California side of the Sierra Ne
vada Mountains.
Major Walter Johnson, Civil Air
Patrol search co-ordinator in Fres
no, said deep snow was covering
the area where the plane was be
lieved to have crashed. Air Force
and CAP planes were reportedly
continuing the search on the Ne
vada side of the range.
Ted Norbury, A 1 Lindauer, and
Norbury's fiancee, Terry Breck,
were aboard the light plane which
left Santa Clara Airport for Santa
Fe via Las Vegas. The plane was
last heard from over Fresno Friday
morning.
Johnson said the hunt would be
renewed when any definite lead is
forthcoming. Bad weather has ham
pered the search almost every day,
and the snow will probably have
obliterated any trace of the plane.
The wide aerial search for the
plane bearing two Stanford men and
a Los Gatos woman was called off
yesterday, at least the search on the
California side of the Sierra Ne
vada Mountains.
Major Walter Johnson, Civil Air
Patrol search co-ordinator in Fres
no, said deep snow was covering
the area where the plane was be
lieved to have crashed. Air Force
and CAP planes were reportedly
continuing the search on the Ne
vada side of the range.
Ted Norbury, A 1 Lindauer, and
Norbury's fiancee, Terry Breck,
were aboard the light plane which
left Santa Clara Airport for Santa
Fe via Las Vegas. The plane was
last heard from over Fresno Friday
morning.
Johnson said the hunt would be
renewed when any definite lead is
forthcoming. Bad weather has ham
pered the search almost every day,
and the snow will probably have
obliterated any trace of the plane.
The wide aerial search for the
plane bearing two Stanford men and
a Los Gatos woman was called off
yesterday, at least the search on the
California side of the Sierra Ne
vada Mountains.
Major Walter Johnson, Civil Air
Patrol search co-ordinator in Fres
no, said deep snow was covering
the area where the plane was be
lieved to have crashed. Air Force
and CAP planes were reportedly
continuing the search on the Ne
vada side of the range.
Ted Norbury, A 1 Lindauer, and
Norbury's fiancee, Terry Breck,
were aboard the light plane which
left Santa Clara Airport for Santa
Fe via Las Vegas. The plane was
last heard from over Fresno Friday
morning.
Johnson said the hunt would be
renewed when any definite lead is
forthcoming. Bad weather has ham
pered the search almost every day,
and the snow will probably have
obliterated any trace of the plane.
The wide aerial search for the
plane bearing two Stanford men and
a Los Gatos woman was called off
yesterday, at least the search on the
California side of the Sierra Ne
vada Mountains.
Major Walter Johnson, Civil Air
Patrol search co-ordinator in Fres
no, said deep snow was covering
the area where the plane was be
lieved to have crashed. Air Force
and CAP planes were reportedly
continuing the search on the Ne
vada side of the range.
Ted Norbury, A 1 Lindauer, and
Norbury's fiancee, Terry Breck,
were aboard the light plane which
left Santa Clara Airport for Santa
Fe via Las Vegas. The plane was
last heard from over Fresno Friday
morning.
Johnson said the hunt would be
renewed when any definite lead is
forthcoming. Bad weather has ham
pered the search almost every day,
and the snow will probably have
obliterated any trace of the plane.
The wide aerial search for the
plane bearing two Stanford men and
a Los Gatos woman was called off
yesterday, at least the search on the
California side of the Sierra Ne
vada Mountains.
Major Walter Johnson, Civil Air
Patrol search co-ordinator in Fres
no, said deep snow was covering
the area where the plane was be
lieved to have crashed. Air Force
and CAP planes were reportedly
continuing the search on the Ne
vada side of the range.
Ted Norbury, A 1 Lindauer, and
Norbury's fiancee, Terry Breck,
were aboard the light plane which
left Santa Clara Airport for Santa
Fe via Las Vegas. The plane was
last heard from over Fresno Friday
morning.
Johnson said the hunt would be
renewed when any definite lead is
forthcoming. Bad weather has ham
pered the search almost every day,
and the snow will probably have
obliterated any trace of the plane.
The wide aerial search for the
plane bearing two Stanford men and
a Los Gatos woman was called off
yesterday, at least the search on the
California side of the Sierra Ne
vada Mountains.
Major Walter Johnson, Civil Air
Patrol search co-ordinator in Fres
no, said deep snow was covering
the area where the plane was be
lieved to have crashed. Air Force
and CAP planes were reportedly
continuing the search on the Ne
vada side of the range.
Ted Norbury, A 1 Lindauer, and
Norbury's fiancee, Terry Breck,
were aboard the light plane which
left Santa Clara Airport for Santa
Fe via Las Vegas. The plane was
last heard from over Fresno Friday
morning.
Johnson said the hunt would be
renewed when any definite lead is
forthcoming. Bad weather has ham
pered the search almost every day,
and the snow will probably have
obliterated any trace of the plane.
The wide aerial search for the
plane bearing two Stanford men and
a Los Gatos woman was called off
yesterday, at least the search on the
California side of the Sierra Ne
vada Mountains.
Major Walter Johnson, Civil Air
Patrol search co-ordinator in Fres
no, said deep snow was covering
the area where the plane was be
lieved to have crashed. Air Force
and CAP planes were reportedly
continuing the search on the Ne
vada side of the range.
Ted Norbury, A 1 Lindauer, and
Norbury's fiancee, Terry Breck,
were aboard the light plane which
left Santa Clara Airport for Santa
Fe via Las Vegas. The plane was
last heard from over Fresno Friday
morning.
Johnson said the hunt would be
renewed when any definite lead is
forthcoming. Bad weather has ham
pered the search almost every day,
and the snow will probably have
obliterated any trace of the plane.
