# Six Schools in Fencing Meet Here Saturday
## 
### 
J
Stanford's fencing teams will
host the Northern California In
tercollegiate Individual Events
foil competitions this Saturday
in the women's gym. Six schools
have accepted invitations to par
ticipate.
On Saturday, Dec. 4th, Stan
ford's women's team competed
at Sacramento State against the
same schools. At that time, Stan
ford tied for third among the
eight teams participating. The
earlier meet held team competi
tion, but this Saturday's event
will be based on individual per
formance.
Both meets are preliminary
competitions leading to the final
electrical competitions for team
and individual standing in the
Northern California Intercolle
giate Fencing Association to be
held this spring.
J
Stanford's fencing teams will
host the Northern California In
tercollegiate Individual Events
foil competitions this Saturday
in the women's gym. Six schools
have accepted invitations to par
ticipate.
On Saturday, Dec. 4th, Stan
ford's women's team competed
at Sacramento State against the
same schools. At that time, Stan
ford tied for third among the
eight teams participating. The
earlier meet held team competi
tion, but this Saturday's event
will be based on individual per
formance.
Both meets are preliminary
competitions leading to the final
electrical competitions for team
and individual standing in the
Northern California Intercolle
giate Fencing Association to be
held this spring.
J
Stanford's fencing teams will
host the Northern California In
tercollegiate Individual Events
foil competitions this Saturday
in the women's gym. Six schools
have accepted invitations to par
ticipate.
On Saturday, Dec. 4th, Stan
ford's women's team competed
at Sacramento State against the
same schools. At that time, Stan
ford tied for third among the
eight teams participating. The
earlier meet held team competi
tion, but this Saturday's event
will be based on individual per
formance.
Both meets are preliminary
competitions leading to the final
electrical competitions for team
and individual standing in the
Northern California Intercolle
giate Fencing Association to be
held this spring.
J
Stanford's fencing teams will
host the Northern California In
tercollegiate Individual Events
foil competitions this Saturday
in the women's gym. Six schools
have accepted invitations to par
ticipate.
On Saturday, Dec. 4th, Stan
ford's women's team competed
at Sacramento State against the
same schools. At that time, Stan
ford tied for third among the
eight teams participating. The
earlier meet held team competi
tion, but this Saturday's event
will be based on individual per
formance.
Both meets are preliminary
competitions leading to the final
electrical competitions for team
and individual standing in the
Northern California Intercolle
giate Fencing Association to be
held this spring.
J
Stanford's fencing teams will
host the Northern California In
tercollegiate Individual Events
foil competitions this Saturday
in the women's gym. Six schools
have accepted invitations to par
ticipate.
On Saturday, Dec. 4th, Stan
ford's women's team competed
at Sacramento State against the
same schools. At that time, Stan
ford tied for third among the
eight teams participating. The
earlier meet held team competi
tion, but this Saturday's event
will be based on individual per
formance.
Both meets are preliminary
competitions leading to the final
electrical competitions for team
and individual standing in the
Northern California Intercolle
giate Fencing Association to be
held this spring.
J
Stanford's fencing teams will
host the Northern California In
tercollegiate Individual Events
foil competitions this Saturday
in the women's gym. Six schools
have accepted invitations to par
ticipate.
On Saturday, Dec. 4th, Stan
ford's women's team competed
at Sacramento State against the
same schools. At that time, Stan
ford tied for third among the
eight teams participating. The
earlier meet held team competi
tion, but this Saturday's event
will be based on individual per
formance.
Both meets are preliminary
competitions leading to the final
electrical competitions for team
and individual standing in the
Northern California Intercolle
giate Fencing Association to be
held this spring.
J
Stanford's fencing teams will
host the Northern California In
tercollegiate Individual Events
foil competitions this Saturday
in the women's gym. Six schools
have accepted invitations to par
ticipate.
On Saturday, Dec. 4th, Stan
ford's women's team competed
at Sacramento State against the
same schools. At that time, Stan
ford tied for third among the
eight teams participating. The
earlier meet held team competi
tion, but this Saturday's event
will be based on individual per
formance.
Both meets are preliminary
competitions leading to the final
electrical competitions for team
and individual standing in the
Northern California Intercolle
giate Fencing Association to be
held this spring.
J
Stanford's fencing teams will
host the Northern California In
tercollegiate Individual Events
foil competitions this Saturday
in the women's gym. Six schools
have accepted invitations to par
ticipate.
On Saturday, Dec. 4th, Stan
ford's women's team competed
at Sacramento State against the
same schools. At that time, Stan
ford tied for third among the
eight teams participating. The
earlier meet held team competi
tion, but this Saturday's event
will be based on individual per
formance.
Both meets are preliminary
competitions leading to the final
electrical competitions for team
and individual standing in the
Northern California Intercolle
giate Fencing Association to be
held this spring.
J
Stanford's fencing teams will
host the Northern California In
tercollegiate Individual Events
foil competitions this Saturday
in the women's gym. Six schools
have accepted invitations to par
ticipate.
On Saturday, Dec. 4th, Stan
ford's women's team competed
at Sacramento State against the
same schools. At that time, Stan
ford tied for third among the
eight teams participating. The
earlier meet held team competi
tion, but this Saturday's event
will be based on individual per
formance.
Both meets are preliminary
competitions leading to the final
electrical competitions for team
and individual standing in the
Northern California Intercolle
giate Fencing Association to be
held this spring.
J
Stanford's fencing teams will
host the Northern California In
tercollegiate Individual Events
foil competitions this Saturday
in the women's gym. Six schools
have accepted invitations to par
ticipate.
On Saturday, Dec. 4th, Stan
ford's women's team competed
at Sacramento State against the
same schools. At that time, Stan
ford tied for third among the
eight teams participating. The
earlier meet held team competi
tion, but this Saturday's event
will be based on individual per
formance.
Both meets are preliminary
competitions leading to the final
electrical competitions for team
and individual standing in the
Northern California Intercolle
giate Fencing Association to be
held this spring.
J
Stanford's fencing teams will
host the Northern California In
tercollegiate Individual Events
foil competitions this Saturday
in the women's gym. Six schools
have accepted invitations to par
ticipate.
On Saturday, Dec. 4th, Stan
ford's women's team competed
at Sacramento State against the
same schools. At that time, Stan
ford tied for third among the
eight teams participating. The
earlier meet held team competi
tion, but this Saturday's event
will be based on individual per
formance.
Both meets are preliminary
competitions leading to the final
electrical competitions for team
and individual standing in the
Northern California Intercolle
giate Fencing Association to be
held this spring.
J
Stanford's fencing teams will
host the Northern California In
tercollegiate Individual Events
foil competitions this Saturday
in the women's gym. Six schools
have accepted invitations to par
ticipate.
On Saturday, Dec. 4th, Stan
ford's women's team competed
at Sacramento State against the
same schools. At that time, Stan
ford tied for third among the
eight teams participating. The
earlier meet held team competi
tion, but this Saturday's event
will be based on individual per
formance.
Both meets are preliminary
competitions leading to the final
electrical competitions for team
and individual standing in the
Northern California Intercolle
giate Fencing Association to be
held this spring.
J
Stanford's fencing teams will
host the Northern California In
tercollegiate Individual Events
foil competitions this Saturday
in the women's gym. Six schools
have accepted invitations to par
ticipate.
On Saturday, Dec. 4th, Stan
ford's women's team competed
at Sacramento State against the
same schools. At that time, Stan
ford tied for third among the
eight teams participating. The
earlier meet held team competi
tion, but this Saturday's event
will be based on individual per
formance.
Both meets are preliminary
competitions leading to the final
electrical competitions for team
and individual standing in the
Northern California Intercolle
giate Fencing Association to be
held this spring.
J
Stanford's fencing teams will
host the Northern California In
tercollegiate Individual Events
foil competitions this Saturday
in the women's gym. Six schools
have accepted invitations to par
ticipate.
On Saturday, Dec. 4th, Stan
ford's women's team competed
at Sacramento State against the
same schools. At that time, Stan
ford tied for third among the
eight teams participating. The
earlier meet held team competi
tion, but this Saturday's event
will be based on individual per
formance.
Both meets are preliminary
competitions leading to the final
electrical competitions for team
and individual standing in the
Northern California Intercolle
giate Fencing Association to be
held this spring.
J
Stanford's fencing teams will
host the Northern California In
tercollegiate Individual Events
foil competitions this Saturday
in the women's gym. Six schools
have accepted invitations to par
ticipate.
On Saturday, Dec. 4th, Stan
ford's women's team competed
at Sacramento State against the
same schools. At that time, Stan
ford tied for third among the
eight teams participating. The
earlier meet held team competi
tion, but this Saturday's event
will be based on individual per
formance.
Both meets are preliminary
competitions leading to the final
electrical competitions for team
and individual standing in the
Northern California Intercolle
giate Fencing Association to be
held this spring.
