# Atomic Shock Slows Growth
## 
### 
Japanese children subjected -t
atomic bombings have suffered ;
temporary stoppage of growth, Dt
William Greulich, professor o.
anatomy, disc osed Friday in th<
first of a series of four popula
medical lectures in San Francisco
Dr. Greulich spent last summer i:
Japan taking measurements and ex
tensive X-rays of more than I.CO 1
Japanese children. All of the chil
dren. X-rayed had received suffi
cient radiation from the bombings t
have suffered temporary loss o:
hair. They also had intestinal symp
toms of radiation sickness, he saici
The temporary growth stoppat
was not a result of radiation on th
bones, Dr. Grelich indicated, but .
result of the terrific shock to whic:
the children's bodies had been sub
jected.
Plans have been made to con
tinue these studies this summer, h
said, using the children of Saseb*
and Kure as controls in the lont;-
range study to determine the detri
mental effect of atomic radiation o;
human growth and development.
The second lecture in the medica.
series will be Friday evening at >
in Lane Hall, Webster and Sacra
mento streets. San Francisco. Th
topic is "Rheumatism: The Grea.
Crippler."
Japanese children subjected -t
atomic bombings have suffered ;
temporary stoppage of growth, Dt
William Greulich, professor o.
anatomy, disc osed Friday in th<
first of a series of four popula
medical lectures in San Francisco
Dr. Greulich spent last summer i:
Japan taking measurements and ex
tensive X-rays of more than I.CO 1
Japanese children. All of the chil
dren. X-rayed had received suffi
cient radiation from the bombings t
have suffered temporary loss o:
hair. They also had intestinal symp
toms of radiation sickness, he saici
The temporary growth stoppat
was not a result of radiation on th
bones, Dr. Grelich indicated, but .
result of the terrific shock to whic:
the children's bodies had been sub
jected.
Plans have been made to con
tinue these studies this summer, h
said, using the children of Saseb*
and Kure as controls in the lont;-
range study to determine the detri
mental effect of atomic radiation o;
human growth and development.
The second lecture in the medica.
series will be Friday evening at >
in Lane Hall, Webster and Sacra
mento streets. San Francisco. Th
topic is "Rheumatism: The Grea.
Crippler."
Japanese children subjected -t
atomic bombings have suffered ;
temporary stoppage of growth, Dt
William Greulich, professor o.
anatomy, disc osed Friday in th<
first of a series of four popula
medical lectures in San Francisco
Dr. Greulich spent last summer i:
Japan taking measurements and ex
tensive X-rays of more than I.CO 1
Japanese children. All of the chil
dren. X-rayed had received suffi
cient radiation from the bombings t
have suffered temporary loss o:
hair. They also had intestinal symp
toms of radiation sickness, he saici
The temporary growth stoppat
was not a result of radiation on th
bones, Dr. Grelich indicated, but .
result of the terrific shock to whic:
the children's bodies had been sub
jected.
Plans have been made to con
tinue these studies this summer, h
said, using the children of Saseb*
and Kure as controls in the lont;-
range study to determine the detri
mental effect of atomic radiation o;
human growth and development.
The second lecture in the medica.
series will be Friday evening at >
in Lane Hall, Webster and Sacra
mento streets. San Francisco. Th
topic is "Rheumatism: The Grea.
Crippler."
Japanese children subjected -t
atomic bombings have suffered ;
temporary stoppage of growth, Dt
William Greulich, professor o.
anatomy, disc osed Friday in th<
first of a series of four popula
medical lectures in San Francisco
Dr. Greulich spent last summer i:
Japan taking measurements and ex
tensive X-rays of more than I.CO 1
Japanese children. All of the chil
dren. X-rayed had received suffi
cient radiation from the bombings t
have suffered temporary loss o:
hair. They also had intestinal symp
toms of radiation sickness, he saici
The temporary growth stoppat
was not a result of radiation on th
bones, Dr. Grelich indicated, but .
result of the terrific shock to whic:
the children's bodies had been sub
jected.
Plans have been made to con
tinue these studies this summer, h
said, using the children of Saseb*
and Kure as controls in the lont;-
range study to determine the detri
mental effect of atomic radiation o;
human growth and development.
The second lecture in the medica.
series will be Friday evening at >
in Lane Hall, Webster and Sacra
mento streets. San Francisco. Th
topic is "Rheumatism: The Grea.
Crippler."
Japanese children subjected -t
atomic bombings have suffered ;
temporary stoppage of growth, Dt
William Greulich, professor o.
anatomy, disc osed Friday in th<
first of a series of four popula
medical lectures in San Francisco
Dr. Greulich spent last summer i:
Japan taking measurements and ex
tensive X-rays of more than I.CO 1
Japanese children. All of the chil
dren. X-rayed had received suffi
cient radiation from the bombings t
have suffered temporary loss o:
hair. They also had intestinal symp
toms of radiation sickness, he saici
The temporary growth stoppat
was not a result of radiation on th
bones, Dr. Grelich indicated, but .
result of the terrific shock to whic:
the children's bodies had been sub
jected.
Plans have been made to con
tinue these studies this summer, h
said, using the children of Saseb*
and Kure as controls in the lont;-
range study to determine the detri
mental effect of atomic radiation o;
human growth and development.
The second lecture in the medica.
series will be Friday evening at >
in Lane Hall, Webster and Sacra
mento streets. San Francisco. Th
topic is "Rheumatism: The Grea.
Crippler."
Japanese children subjected -t
atomic bombings have suffered ;
temporary stoppage of growth, Dt
William Greulich, professor o.
anatomy, disc osed Friday in th<
first of a series of four popula
medical lectures in San Francisco
Dr. Greulich spent last summer i:
Japan taking measurements and ex
tensive X-rays of more than I.CO 1
Japanese children. All of the chil
dren. X-rayed had received suffi
cient radiation from the bombings t
have suffered temporary loss o:
hair. They also had intestinal symp
toms of radiation sickness, he saici
The temporary growth stoppat
was not a result of radiation on th
bones, Dr. Grelich indicated, but .
result of the terrific shock to whic:
the children's bodies had been sub
jected.
Plans have been made to con
tinue these studies this summer, h
said, using the children of Saseb*
and Kure as controls in the lont;-
range study to determine the detri
mental effect of atomic radiation o;
human growth and development.
The second lecture in the medica.
series will be Friday evening at >
in Lane Hall, Webster and Sacra
mento streets. San Francisco. Th
topic is "Rheumatism: The Grea.
Crippler."
Japanese children subjected -t
atomic bombings have suffered ;
temporary stoppage of growth, Dt
William Greulich, professor o.
anatomy, disc osed Friday in th<
first of a series of four popula
medical lectures in San Francisco
Dr. Greulich spent last summer i:
Japan taking measurements and ex
tensive X-rays of more than I.CO 1
Japanese children. All of the chil
dren. X-rayed had received suffi
cient radiation from the bombings t
have suffered temporary loss o:
hair. They also had intestinal symp
toms of radiation sickness, he saici
The temporary growth stoppat
was not a result of radiation on th
bones, Dr. Grelich indicated, but .
result of the terrific shock to whic:
the children's bodies had been sub
jected.
Plans have been made to con
tinue these studies this summer, h
said, using the children of Saseb*
and Kure as controls in the lont;-
range study to determine the detri
mental effect of atomic radiation o;
human growth and development.
The second lecture in the medica.
series will be Friday evening at >
in Lane Hall, Webster and Sacra
mento streets. San Francisco. Th
topic is "Rheumatism: The Grea.
Crippler."
Japanese children subjected -t
atomic bombings have suffered ;
temporary stoppage of growth, Dt
William Greulich, professor o.
anatomy, disc osed Friday in th<
first of a series of four popula
medical lectures in San Francisco
Dr. Greulich spent last summer i:
Japan taking measurements and ex
tensive X-rays of more than I.CO 1
Japanese children. All of the chil
dren. X-rayed had received suffi
cient radiation from the bombings t
have suffered temporary loss o:
hair. They also had intestinal symp
toms of radiation sickness, he saici
The temporary growth stoppat
was not a result of radiation on th
bones, Dr. Grelich indicated, but .
result of the terrific shock to whic:
the children's bodies had been sub
jected.
Plans have been made to con
tinue these studies this summer, h
said, using the children of Saseb*
and Kure as controls in the lont;-
range study to determine the detri
mental effect of atomic radiation o;
human growth and development.
The second lecture in the medica.
series will be Friday evening at >
in Lane Hall, Webster and Sacra
mento streets. San Francisco. Th
topic is "Rheumatism: The Grea.
Crippler."
Japanese children subjected -t
atomic bombings have suffered ;
temporary stoppage of growth, Dt
William Greulich, professor o.
anatomy, disc osed Friday in th<
first of a series of four popula
medical lectures in San Francisco
Dr. Greulich spent last summer i:
Japan taking measurements and ex
tensive X-rays of more than I.CO 1
Japanese children. All of the chil
dren. X-rayed had received suffi
cient radiation from the bombings t
have suffered temporary loss o:
hair. They also had intestinal symp
toms of radiation sickness, he saici
The temporary growth stoppat
was not a result of radiation on th
bones, Dr. Grelich indicated, but .
result of the terrific shock to whic:
the children's bodies had been sub
jected.
Plans have been made to con
tinue these studies this summer, h
said, using the children of Saseb*
and Kure as controls in the lont;-
range study to determine the detri
mental effect of atomic radiation o;
human growth and development.
The second lecture in the medica.
series will be Friday evening at >
in Lane Hall, Webster and Sacra
mento streets. San Francisco. Th
topic is "Rheumatism: The Grea.
Crippler."
Japanese children subjected -t
atomic bombings have suffered ;
temporary stoppage of growth, Dt
William Greulich, professor o.
anatomy, disc osed Friday in th<
first of a series of four popula
medical lectures in San Francisco
Dr. Greulich spent last summer i:
Japan taking measurements and ex
tensive X-rays of more than I.CO 1
Japanese children. All of the chil
dren. X-rayed had received suffi
cient radiation from the bombings t
have suffered temporary loss o:
hair. They also had intestinal symp
toms of radiation sickness, he saici
The temporary growth stoppat
was not a result of radiation on th
bones, Dr. Grelich indicated, but .
result of the terrific shock to whic:
the children's bodies had been sub
jected.
Plans have been made to con
tinue these studies this summer, h
said, using the children of Saseb*
and Kure as controls in the lont;-
range study to determine the detri
mental effect of atomic radiation o;
human growth and development.
The second lecture in the medica.
series will be Friday evening at >
in Lane Hall, Webster and Sacra
mento streets. San Francisco. Th
topic is "Rheumatism: The Grea.
Crippler."
Japanese children subjected -t
atomic bombings have suffered ;
temporary stoppage of growth, Dt
William Greulich, professor o.
anatomy, disc osed Friday in th<
first of a series of four popula
medical lectures in San Francisco
Dr. Greulich spent last summer i:
Japan taking measurements and ex
tensive X-rays of more than I.CO 1
Japanese children. All of the chil
dren. X-rayed had received suffi
cient radiation from the bombings t
have suffered temporary loss o:
hair. They also had intestinal symp
toms of radiation sickness, he saici
The temporary growth stoppat
was not a result of radiation on th
bones, Dr. Grelich indicated, but .
result of the terrific shock to whic:
the children's bodies had been sub
jected.
Plans have been made to con
tinue these studies this summer, h
said, using the children of Saseb*
and Kure as controls in the lont;-
range study to determine the detri
mental effect of atomic radiation o;
human growth and development.
The second lecture in the medica.
series will be Friday evening at >
in Lane Hall, Webster and Sacra
mento streets. San Francisco. Th
topic is "Rheumatism: The Grea.
Crippler."
Japanese children subjected -t
atomic bombings have suffered ;
temporary stoppage of growth, Dt
William Greulich, professor o.
anatomy, disc osed Friday in th<
first of a series of four popula
medical lectures in San Francisco
Dr. Greulich spent last summer i:
Japan taking measurements and ex
tensive X-rays of more than I.CO 1
Japanese children. All of the chil
dren. X-rayed had received suffi
cient radiation from the bombings t
have suffered temporary loss o:
hair. They also had intestinal symp
toms of radiation sickness, he saici
The temporary growth stoppat
was not a result of radiation on th
bones, Dr. Grelich indicated, but .
result of the terrific shock to whic:
the children's bodies had been sub
jected.
Plans have been made to con
tinue these studies this summer, h
said, using the children of Saseb*
and Kure as controls in the lont;-
range study to determine the detri
mental effect of atomic radiation o;
human growth and development.
The second lecture in the medica.
series will be Friday evening at >
in Lane Hall, Webster and Sacra
mento streets. San Francisco. Th
topic is "Rheumatism: The Grea.
Crippler."
Japanese children subjected -t
atomic bombings have suffered ;
temporary stoppage of growth, Dt
William Greulich, professor o.
anatomy, disc osed Friday in th<
first of a series of four popula
medical lectures in San Francisco
Dr. Greulich spent last summer i:
Japan taking measurements and ex
tensive X-rays of more than I.CO 1
Japanese children. All of the chil
dren. X-rayed had received suffi
cient radiation from the bombings t
have suffered temporary loss o:
hair. They also had intestinal symp
toms of radiation sickness, he saici
The temporary growth stoppat
was not a result of radiation on th
bones, Dr. Grelich indicated, but .
result of the terrific shock to whic:
the children's bodies had been sub
jected.
Plans have been made to con
tinue these studies this summer, h
said, using the children of Saseb*
and Kure as controls in the lont;-
range study to determine the detri
mental effect of atomic radiation o;
human growth and development.
The second lecture in the medica.
series will be Friday evening at >
in Lane Hall, Webster and Sacra
mento streets. San Francisco. Th
topic is "Rheumatism: The Grea.
Crippler."
Japanese children subjected -t
atomic bombings have suffered ;
temporary stoppage of growth, Dt
William Greulich, professor o.
anatomy, disc osed Friday in th<
first of a series of four popula
medical lectures in San Francisco
Dr. Greulich spent last summer i:
Japan taking measurements and ex
tensive X-rays of more than I.CO 1
Japanese children. All of the chil
dren. X-rayed had received suffi
cient radiation from the bombings t
have suffered temporary loss o:
hair. They also had intestinal symp
toms of radiation sickness, he saici
The temporary growth stoppat
was not a result of radiation on th
bones, Dr. Grelich indicated, but .
result of the terrific shock to whic:
the children's bodies had been sub
jected.
Plans have been made to con
tinue these studies this summer, h
said, using the children of Saseb*
and Kure as controls in the lont;-
range study to determine the detri
mental effect of atomic radiation o;
human growth and development.
The second lecture in the medica.
series will be Friday evening at >
in Lane Hall, Webster and Sacra
mento streets. San Francisco. Th
topic is "Rheumatism: The Grea.
Crippler."
Japanese children subjected -t
atomic bombings have suffered ;
temporary stoppage of growth, Dt
William Greulich, professor o.
anatomy, disc osed Friday in th<
first of a series of four popula
medical lectures in San Francisco
Dr. Greulich spent last summer i:
Japan taking measurements and ex
tensive X-rays of more than I.CO 1
Japanese children. All of the chil
dren. X-rayed had received suffi
cient radiation from the bombings t
have suffered temporary loss o:
hair. They also had intestinal symp
toms of radiation sickness, he saici
The temporary growth stoppat
was not a result of radiation on th
bones, Dr. Grelich indicated, but .
result of the terrific shock to whic:
the children's bodies had been sub
jected.
Plans have been made to con
tinue these studies this summer, h
said, using the children of Saseb*
and Kure as controls in the lont;-
range study to determine the detri
mental effect of atomic radiation o;
human growth and development.
The second lecture in the medica.
series will be Friday evening at >
in Lane Hall, Webster and Sacra
mento streets. San Francisco. Th
topic is "Rheumatism: The Grea.
Crippler."
