# ECONOMISTS MEET
## 
### 
Dr. Bernard F. Haley, head of the
economics department, will attend
meetings of the American Economics
Association April 9 and 10 in
Princeton, New Jersay. Dr. Haley
will meet with the association's ex
ecutive committee.
Dr. Bernard F. Haley, head of the
economics department, will attend
meetings of the American Economics
Association April 9 and 10 in
Princeton, New Jersay. Dr. Haley
will meet with the association's ex
ecutive committee.
Dr. Bernard F. Haley, head of the
economics department, will attend
meetings of the American Economics
Association April 9 and 10 in
Princeton, New Jersay. Dr. Haley
will meet with the association's ex
ecutive committee.
Dr. Bernard F. Haley, head of the
economics department, will attend
meetings of the American Economics
Association April 9 and 10 in
Princeton, New Jersay. Dr. Haley
will meet with the association's ex
ecutive committee.
Dr. Bernard F. Haley, head of the
economics department, will attend
meetings of the American Economics
Association April 9 and 10 in
Princeton, New Jersay. Dr. Haley
will meet with the association's ex
ecutive committee.
Dr. Bernard F. Haley, head of the
economics department, will attend
meetings of the American Economics
Association April 9 and 10 in
Princeton, New Jersay. Dr. Haley
will meet with the association's ex
ecutive committee.
Dr. Bernard F. Haley, head of the
economics department, will attend
meetings of the American Economics
Association April 9 and 10 in
Princeton, New Jersay. Dr. Haley
will meet with the association's ex
ecutive committee.
Dr. Bernard F. Haley, head of the
economics department, will attend
meetings of the American Economics
Association April 9 and 10 in
Princeton, New Jersay. Dr. Haley
will meet with the association's ex
ecutive committee.
Dr. Bernard F. Haley, head of the
economics department, will attend
meetings of the American Economics
Association April 9 and 10 in
Princeton, New Jersay. Dr. Haley
will meet with the association's ex
ecutive committee.
Dr. Bernard F. Haley, head of the
economics department, will attend
meetings of the American Economics
Association April 9 and 10 in
Princeton, New Jersay. Dr. Haley
will meet with the association's ex
ecutive committee.
Dr. Bernard F. Haley, head of the
economics department, will attend
meetings of the American Economics
Association April 9 and 10 in
Princeton, New Jersay. Dr. Haley
will meet with the association's ex
ecutive committee.
Dr. Bernard F. Haley, head of the
economics department, will attend
meetings of the American Economics
Association April 9 and 10 in
Princeton, New Jersay. Dr. Haley
will meet with the association's ex
ecutive committee.
Dr. Bernard F. Haley, head of the
economics department, will attend
meetings of the American Economics
Association April 9 and 10 in
Princeton, New Jersay. Dr. Haley
will meet with the association's ex
ecutive committee.
Dr. Bernard F. Haley, head of the
economics department, will attend
meetings of the American Economics
Association April 9 and 10 in
Princeton, New Jersay. Dr. Haley
will meet with the association's ex
ecutive committee.
Dr. Bernard F. Haley, head of the
economics department, will attend
meetings of the American Economics
Association April 9 and 10 in
Princeton, New Jersay. Dr. Haley
will meet with the association's ex
ecutive committee.
