# Tennis Club Plans Doubles Tourney
## 
### 
The Co - Rec Tennis Club will
sponsor an all - campus mixed
double tennis tournament to run
throughout the quarter. The tour
ney is an annual event and a per
petual trophy is held by the win
ners for one year. Runners-up re
ceive a can of tennis balls.
Sign-up lists are posted in the
Men's and Women's Gyms. The
names of pairs entering may be on
either list. Single entrants should
sign on the appropriate list, and
partners will be arranged for them.
Closing date for entries is Satur
day, April 19, and the draw sheets
will be posted two days later.
Contestants wlil be able to ar
range the play-offs their own
convenience, but each round must
be completed within th v given
week.
Further information about the
tournament can be provided by the
Tennis Club's officers, Alan Root
and Dana Newton.
