# Schurman Becomes New Yell Leader
## 
### 
Cubby Schurman will l'eplace
Bud McDufTie assistant yell leader
next year, it was announced last
riight.
McDuffie, whose resignation was
accepted at Ex Committee meeting
Tuesday night, was forced to resign
because of illness. Schurman, who
placed third in the election last
winter, automatically assumes the
position, in accordance with a by
law in the A.S.S.U. constitution.
Cubby Schurman will l'eplace
Bud McDufTie assistant yell leader
next year, it was announced last
riight.
McDuffie, whose resignation was
accepted at Ex Committee meeting
Tuesday night, was forced to resign
because of illness. Schurman, who
placed third in the election last
winter, automatically assumes the
position, in accordance with a by
law in the A.S.S.U. constitution.
Cubby Schurman will l'eplace
Bud McDufTie assistant yell leader
next year, it was announced last
riight.
McDuffie, whose resignation was
accepted at Ex Committee meeting
Tuesday night, was forced to resign
because of illness. Schurman, who
placed third in the election last
winter, automatically assumes the
position, in accordance with a by
law in the A.S.S.U. constitution.
Cubby Schurman will l'eplace
Bud McDufTie assistant yell leader
next year, it was announced last
riight.
McDuffie, whose resignation was
accepted at Ex Committee meeting
Tuesday night, was forced to resign
because of illness. Schurman, who
placed third in the election last
winter, automatically assumes the
position, in accordance with a by
law in the A.S.S.U. constitution.
Cubby Schurman will l'eplace
Bud McDufTie assistant yell leader
next year, it was announced last
riight.
McDuffie, whose resignation was
accepted at Ex Committee meeting
Tuesday night, was forced to resign
because of illness. Schurman, who
placed third in the election last
winter, automatically assumes the
position, in accordance with a by
law in the A.S.S.U. constitution.
Cubby Schurman will l'eplace
Bud McDufTie assistant yell leader
next year, it was announced last
riight.
McDuffie, whose resignation was
accepted at Ex Committee meeting
Tuesday night, was forced to resign
because of illness. Schurman, who
placed third in the election last
winter, automatically assumes the
position, in accordance with a by
law in the A.S.S.U. constitution.
Cubby Schurman will l'eplace
Bud McDufTie assistant yell leader
next year, it was announced last
riight.
McDuffie, whose resignation was
accepted at Ex Committee meeting
Tuesday night, was forced to resign
because of illness. Schurman, who
placed third in the election last
winter, automatically assumes the
position, in accordance with a by
law in the A.S.S.U. constitution.
Cubby Schurman will l'eplace
Bud McDufTie assistant yell leader
next year, it was announced last
riight.
McDuffie, whose resignation was
accepted at Ex Committee meeting
Tuesday night, was forced to resign
because of illness. Schurman, who
placed third in the election last
winter, automatically assumes the
position, in accordance with a by
law in the A.S.S.U. constitution.
Cubby Schurman will l'eplace
Bud McDufTie assistant yell leader
next year, it was announced last
riight.
McDuffie, whose resignation was
accepted at Ex Committee meeting
Tuesday night, was forced to resign
because of illness. Schurman, who
placed third in the election last
winter, automatically assumes the
position, in accordance with a by
law in the A.S.S.U. constitution.
Cubby Schurman will l'eplace
Bud McDufTie assistant yell leader
next year, it was announced last
riight.
McDuffie, whose resignation was
accepted at Ex Committee meeting
Tuesday night, was forced to resign
because of illness. Schurman, who
placed third in the election last
winter, automatically assumes the
position, in accordance with a by
law in the A.S.S.U. constitution.
Cubby Schurman will l'eplace
Bud McDufTie assistant yell leader
next year, it was announced last
riight.
McDuffie, whose resignation was
accepted at Ex Committee meeting
Tuesday night, was forced to resign
because of illness. Schurman, who
placed third in the election last
winter, automatically assumes the
position, in accordance with a by
law in the A.S.S.U. constitution.
Cubby Schurman will l'eplace
Bud McDufTie assistant yell leader
next year, it was announced last
riight.
McDuffie, whose resignation was
accepted at Ex Committee meeting
Tuesday night, was forced to resign
because of illness. Schurman, who
placed third in the election last
winter, automatically assumes the
position, in accordance with a by
law in the A.S.S.U. constitution.
Cubby Schurman will l'eplace
Bud McDufTie assistant yell leader
next year, it was announced last
riight.
McDuffie, whose resignation was
accepted at Ex Committee meeting
Tuesday night, was forced to resign
because of illness. Schurman, who
placed third in the election last
winter, automatically assumes the
position, in accordance with a by
law in the A.S.S.U. constitution.
Cubby Schurman will l'eplace
Bud McDufTie assistant yell leader
next year, it was announced last
riight.
McDuffie, whose resignation was
accepted at Ex Committee meeting
Tuesday night, was forced to resign
because of illness. Schurman, who
placed third in the election last
winter, automatically assumes the
position, in accordance with a by
law in the A.S.S.U. constitution.
Cubby Schurman will l'eplace
Bud McDufTie assistant yell leader
next year, it was announced last
riight.
McDuffie, whose resignation was
accepted at Ex Committee meeting
Tuesday night, was forced to resign
because of illness. Schurman, who
placed third in the election last
winter, automatically assumes the
position, in accordance with a by
law in the A.S.S.U. constitution.
Cubby Schurman will l'eplace
Bud McDufTie assistant yell leader
next year, it was announced last
riight.
McDuffie, whose resignation was
accepted at Ex Committee meeting
Tuesday night, was forced to resign
because of illness. Schurman, who
placed third in the election last
winter, automatically assumes the
position, in accordance with a by
law in the A.S.S.U. constitution.
