# Catching 'Em
## 
### 

WIIITEY, steel foreman on the
Memorial Theater job, cops a
white hot rivet right out of
the air.

WIIITEY, steel foreman on the
Memorial Theater job, cops a
white hot rivet right out of
the air.

WIIITEY, steel foreman on the
Memorial Theater job, cops a
white hot rivet right out of
the air.

WIIITEY, steel foreman on the
Memorial Theater job, cops a
white hot rivet right out of
the air.

WIIITEY, steel foreman on the
Memorial Theater job, cops a
white hot rivet right out of
the air.

WIIITEY, steel foreman on the
Memorial Theater job, cops a
white hot rivet right out of
the air.

WIIITEY, steel foreman on the
Memorial Theater job, cops a
white hot rivet right out of
the air.

WIIITEY, steel foreman on the
Memorial Theater job, cops a
white hot rivet right out of
the air.

WIIITEY, steel foreman on the
Memorial Theater job, cops a
white hot rivet right out of
the air.

WIIITEY, steel foreman on the
Memorial Theater job, cops a
white hot rivet right out of
the air.

WIIITEY, steel foreman on the
Memorial Theater job, cops a
white hot rivet right out of
the air.

WIIITEY, steel foreman on the
Memorial Theater job, cops a
white hot rivet right out of
the air.

WIIITEY, steel foreman on the
Memorial Theater job, cops a
white hot rivet right out of
the air.

WIIITEY, steel foreman on the
Memorial Theater job, cops a
white hot rivet right out of
the air.

WIIITEY, steel foreman on the
Memorial Theater job, cops a
white hot rivet right out of
the air.

WIIITEY, steel foreman on the
Memorial Theater job, cops a
white hot rivet right out of
the air.
