# PERRY ADVANCES
## 
### 
PARIS, May 27 (/I s ).—Fred Perry
and H. W. (Bunny) Austin, Eng
land's Davis Cup stars, moved into
the quarter-finals of the French
hard courts singles tennis cham
pionship today as Andrew Merlin
completed his conquest of Heiner
Henkel, brilliant young German in
ternationalist.
PARIS, May 27 (/I s ).—Fred Perry
and H. W. (Bunny) Austin, Eng
land's Davis Cup stars, moved into
the quarter-finals of the French
hard courts singles tennis cham
pionship today as Andrew Merlin
completed his conquest of Heiner
Henkel, brilliant young German in
ternationalist.
PARIS, May 27 (/I s ).—Fred Perry
and H. W. (Bunny) Austin, Eng
land's Davis Cup stars, moved into
the quarter-finals of the French
hard courts singles tennis cham
pionship today as Andrew Merlin
completed his conquest of Heiner
Henkel, brilliant young German in
ternationalist.
PARIS, May 27 (/I s ).—Fred Perry
and H. W. (Bunny) Austin, Eng
land's Davis Cup stars, moved into
the quarter-finals of the French
hard courts singles tennis cham
pionship today as Andrew Merlin
completed his conquest of Heiner
Henkel, brilliant young German in
ternationalist.
PARIS, May 27 (/I s ).—Fred Perry
and H. W. (Bunny) Austin, Eng
land's Davis Cup stars, moved into
the quarter-finals of the French
hard courts singles tennis cham
pionship today as Andrew Merlin
completed his conquest of Heiner
Henkel, brilliant young German in
ternationalist.
PARIS, May 27 (/I s ).—Fred Perry
and H. W. (Bunny) Austin, Eng
land's Davis Cup stars, moved into
the quarter-finals of the French
hard courts singles tennis cham
pionship today as Andrew Merlin
completed his conquest of Heiner
Henkel, brilliant young German in
ternationalist.
PARIS, May 27 (/I s ).—Fred Perry
and H. W. (Bunny) Austin, Eng
land's Davis Cup stars, moved into
the quarter-finals of the French
hard courts singles tennis cham
pionship today as Andrew Merlin
completed his conquest of Heiner
Henkel, brilliant young German in
ternationalist.
PARIS, May 27 (/I s ).—Fred Perry
and H. W. (Bunny) Austin, Eng
land's Davis Cup stars, moved into
the quarter-finals of the French
hard courts singles tennis cham
pionship today as Andrew Merlin
completed his conquest of Heiner
Henkel, brilliant young German in
ternationalist.
PARIS, May 27 (/I s ).—Fred Perry
and H. W. (Bunny) Austin, Eng
land's Davis Cup stars, moved into
the quarter-finals of the French
hard courts singles tennis cham
pionship today as Andrew Merlin
completed his conquest of Heiner
Henkel, brilliant young German in
ternationalist.
PARIS, May 27 (/I s ).—Fred Perry
and H. W. (Bunny) Austin, Eng
land's Davis Cup stars, moved into
the quarter-finals of the French
hard courts singles tennis cham
pionship today as Andrew Merlin
completed his conquest of Heiner
Henkel, brilliant young German in
ternationalist.
PARIS, May 27 (/I s ).—Fred Perry
and H. W. (Bunny) Austin, Eng
land's Davis Cup stars, moved into
the quarter-finals of the French
hard courts singles tennis cham
pionship today as Andrew Merlin
completed his conquest of Heiner
Henkel, brilliant young German in
ternationalist.
PARIS, May 27 (/I s ).—Fred Perry
and H. W. (Bunny) Austin, Eng
land's Davis Cup stars, moved into
the quarter-finals of the French
hard courts singles tennis cham
pionship today as Andrew Merlin
completed his conquest of Heiner
Henkel, brilliant young German in
ternationalist.
PARIS, May 27 (/I s ).—Fred Perry
and H. W. (Bunny) Austin, Eng
land's Davis Cup stars, moved into
the quarter-finals of the French
hard courts singles tennis cham
pionship today as Andrew Merlin
completed his conquest of Heiner
Henkel, brilliant young German in
ternationalist.
PARIS, May 27 (/I s ).—Fred Perry
and H. W. (Bunny) Austin, Eng
land's Davis Cup stars, moved into
the quarter-finals of the French
hard courts singles tennis cham
pionship today as Andrew Merlin
completed his conquest of Heiner
Henkel, brilliant young German in
ternationalist.
PARIS, May 27 (/I s ).—Fred Perry
and H. W. (Bunny) Austin, Eng
land's Davis Cup stars, moved into
the quarter-finals of the French
hard courts singles tennis cham
pionship today as Andrew Merlin
completed his conquest of Heiner
Henkel, brilliant young German in
ternationalist.
PARIS, May 27 (/I s ).—Fred Perry
and H. W. (Bunny) Austin, Eng
land's Davis Cup stars, moved into
the quarter-finals of the French
hard courts singles tennis cham
pionship today as Andrew Merlin
completed his conquest of Heiner
Henkel, brilliant young German in
ternationalist.
