# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Tiie practice pursued by souie
boarders in Encina of removing to
their rcoms poptrs and pamphlets
that belong on the public reading
tubles ciinnot be too merely con
r'emntd. The literature is pur
chis (1 by popular subscription, aud
it is obviously unfair that any one
man should attempt to monopolize it.
We have noticed, iu this connec
tion, that the men who hover most
closely and constantly over the read
ing room tables are very often among
the number who have never paid any
subscription to the fund which sup
ports the reading-room. In nil
probab lity the men who " lift" thn
papers to their own rooms belong to
tho same category. Such things as
these are mean and low. No student
with proper respect for himself and
others will condescend to do them.
