# Financial Adviser Plans Investments
## 
### 
A survey of the securities field
with an eye to sound investment for
the University endowment is being
arranged by Almon F. Manspeaker.
recently appointed business and
financial counselor for Stanford, it
was announced yesterday.
New investments will become nec
essary as soon as present holdings
mature. Almon E. Roth, comptroller,
explained. Manspeaker will assume
his duties about December 1 in the
University's San Francisco office,
Roth said.
A survey of the securities field
with an eye to sound investment for
the University endowment is being
arranged by Almon F. Manspeaker.
recently appointed business and
financial counselor for Stanford, it
was announced yesterday.
New investments will become nec
essary as soon as present holdings
mature. Almon E. Roth, comptroller,
explained. Manspeaker will assume
his duties about December 1 in the
University's San Francisco office,
Roth said.
A survey of the securities field
with an eye to sound investment for
the University endowment is being
arranged by Almon F. Manspeaker.
recently appointed business and
financial counselor for Stanford, it
was announced yesterday.
New investments will become nec
essary as soon as present holdings
mature. Almon E. Roth, comptroller,
explained. Manspeaker will assume
his duties about December 1 in the
University's San Francisco office,
Roth said.
A survey of the securities field
with an eye to sound investment for
the University endowment is being
arranged by Almon F. Manspeaker.
recently appointed business and
financial counselor for Stanford, it
was announced yesterday.
New investments will become nec
essary as soon as present holdings
mature. Almon E. Roth, comptroller,
explained. Manspeaker will assume
his duties about December 1 in the
University's San Francisco office,
Roth said.
A survey of the securities field
with an eye to sound investment for
the University endowment is being
arranged by Almon F. Manspeaker.
recently appointed business and
financial counselor for Stanford, it
was announced yesterday.
New investments will become nec
essary as soon as present holdings
mature. Almon E. Roth, comptroller,
explained. Manspeaker will assume
his duties about December 1 in the
University's San Francisco office,
Roth said.
A survey of the securities field
with an eye to sound investment for
the University endowment is being
arranged by Almon F. Manspeaker.
recently appointed business and
financial counselor for Stanford, it
was announced yesterday.
New investments will become nec
essary as soon as present holdings
mature. Almon E. Roth, comptroller,
explained. Manspeaker will assume
his duties about December 1 in the
University's San Francisco office,
Roth said.
A survey of the securities field
with an eye to sound investment for
the University endowment is being
arranged by Almon F. Manspeaker.
recently appointed business and
financial counselor for Stanford, it
was announced yesterday.
New investments will become nec
essary as soon as present holdings
mature. Almon E. Roth, comptroller,
explained. Manspeaker will assume
his duties about December 1 in the
University's San Francisco office,
Roth said.
A survey of the securities field
with an eye to sound investment for
the University endowment is being
arranged by Almon F. Manspeaker.
recently appointed business and
financial counselor for Stanford, it
was announced yesterday.
New investments will become nec
essary as soon as present holdings
mature. Almon E. Roth, comptroller,
explained. Manspeaker will assume
his duties about December 1 in the
University's San Francisco office,
Roth said.
A survey of the securities field
with an eye to sound investment for
the University endowment is being
arranged by Almon F. Manspeaker.
recently appointed business and
financial counselor for Stanford, it
was announced yesterday.
New investments will become nec
essary as soon as present holdings
mature. Almon E. Roth, comptroller,
explained. Manspeaker will assume
his duties about December 1 in the
University's San Francisco office,
Roth said.
A survey of the securities field
with an eye to sound investment for
the University endowment is being
arranged by Almon F. Manspeaker.
recently appointed business and
financial counselor for Stanford, it
was announced yesterday.
New investments will become nec
essary as soon as present holdings
mature. Almon E. Roth, comptroller,
explained. Manspeaker will assume
his duties about December 1 in the
University's San Francisco office,
Roth said.
A survey of the securities field
with an eye to sound investment for
the University endowment is being
arranged by Almon F. Manspeaker.
recently appointed business and
financial counselor for Stanford, it
was announced yesterday.
New investments will become nec
essary as soon as present holdings
mature. Almon E. Roth, comptroller,
explained. Manspeaker will assume
his duties about December 1 in the
University's San Francisco office,
Roth said.
A survey of the securities field
with an eye to sound investment for
the University endowment is being
arranged by Almon F. Manspeaker.
recently appointed business and
financial counselor for Stanford, it
was announced yesterday.
New investments will become nec
essary as soon as present holdings
mature. Almon E. Roth, comptroller,
explained. Manspeaker will assume
his duties about December 1 in the
University's San Francisco office,
Roth said.
A survey of the securities field
with an eye to sound investment for
the University endowment is being
arranged by Almon F. Manspeaker.
recently appointed business and
financial counselor for Stanford, it
was announced yesterday.
New investments will become nec
essary as soon as present holdings
mature. Almon E. Roth, comptroller,
explained. Manspeaker will assume
his duties about December 1 in the
University's San Francisco office,
Roth said.
A survey of the securities field
with an eye to sound investment for
the University endowment is being
arranged by Almon F. Manspeaker.
recently appointed business and
financial counselor for Stanford, it
was announced yesterday.
New investments will become nec
essary as soon as present holdings
mature. Almon E. Roth, comptroller,
explained. Manspeaker will assume
his duties about December 1 in the
University's San Francisco office,
Roth said.
A survey of the securities field
with an eye to sound investment for
the University endowment is being
arranged by Almon F. Manspeaker.
recently appointed business and
financial counselor for Stanford, it
was announced yesterday.
New investments will become nec
essary as soon as present holdings
mature. Almon E. Roth, comptroller,
explained. Manspeaker will assume
his duties about December 1 in the
University's San Francisco office,
Roth said.
