# Water Poloists Set For Southern Meet
## 
### 
Coach Nort Thornton put his var
sity water poloists through a heavy
workout yesterday afternoon, but
will ease up on the squad in today's
final practice session before the
Bruin game in Lo.s Angeles Friday.
No practice is set for tomorrow
afternoon to give the Indians time
to prepare for their departure to
morrow evening.
Thornton has chosen the follow
ing line-up to start in both the
Uclan tilt on Friday afternoon and
the Trojan battle Saturday morning
at 11 o'clock: Co-captains Bill Wood
ard and Wally Wiget, guard and
sprint, respectively; Bill Clemo.
guard; Bob Hoover, guard; "Suds"
Sutherland, forward; Chuck Giflin,
forward; Don Peterson, guard; Bob
Haslacher, goalie; Ben Voss, center
back. Manager Jim Cayton will also
accompany the team.
The powerful Bruins, undefeated
slate champions, must be rated as
heavy favorites over Stanford. The
Farm tankmen, however, are not go
ing south just to be beaten. A re
juvenated team, totally unlike that
which bowed to the Berkeley Bears
several weeks ago, will tangle with
the Bruins and Trojans this week
end.

"Since the Indians met California,
the only team that defeated them
this season, they have been playing
masterful water polo," Coach Thorn
ton described the situation at the
present time.
Tlie Cardinals slaughtered Troy
13-2 and went on to overpower the
Olympic Club in t*vo successive
games, 3-2 and 8-5.
