# 'Gay Gaieties Are Terrific,' Says Doodles
## 
### 
"Special super-human sword
swallower goes Gaieties!
Sword-swallowing, fire-eating
demon dominated second scene.
Once ran wild and consumed
characters in cast. Saving our
souls, we'll light up the stage
with him instead of the usual
electric enigmas"—this from
"Doodles" Weaver.
"Skits and Swats and Block
headed 'blockouts' will carry
on the carnage.
"Choruses fit and fine. Most
gorgeous girlies of Stanford
stamping grounds," screeches
Weaver.
"Special super-human sword
swallower goes Gaieties!
Sword-swallowing, fire-eating
demon dominated second scene.
Once ran wild and consumed
characters in cast. Saving our
souls, we'll light up the stage
with him instead of the usual
electric enigmas"—this from
"Doodles" Weaver.
"Skits and Swats and Block
headed 'blockouts' will carry
on the carnage.
"Choruses fit and fine. Most
gorgeous girlies of Stanford
stamping grounds," screeches
Weaver.
"Special super-human sword
swallower goes Gaieties!
Sword-swallowing, fire-eating
demon dominated second scene.
Once ran wild and consumed
characters in cast. Saving our
souls, we'll light up the stage
with him instead of the usual
electric enigmas"—this from
"Doodles" Weaver.
"Skits and Swats and Block
headed 'blockouts' will carry
on the carnage.
"Choruses fit and fine. Most
gorgeous girlies of Stanford
stamping grounds," screeches
Weaver.
"Special super-human sword
swallower goes Gaieties!
Sword-swallowing, fire-eating
demon dominated second scene.
Once ran wild and consumed
characters in cast. Saving our
souls, we'll light up the stage
with him instead of the usual
electric enigmas"—this from
"Doodles" Weaver.
"Skits and Swats and Block
headed 'blockouts' will carry
on the carnage.
"Choruses fit and fine. Most
gorgeous girlies of Stanford
stamping grounds," screeches
Weaver.
"Special super-human sword
swallower goes Gaieties!
Sword-swallowing, fire-eating
demon dominated second scene.
Once ran wild and consumed
characters in cast. Saving our
souls, we'll light up the stage
with him instead of the usual
electric enigmas"—this from
"Doodles" Weaver.
"Skits and Swats and Block
headed 'blockouts' will carry
on the carnage.
"Choruses fit and fine. Most
gorgeous girlies of Stanford
stamping grounds," screeches
Weaver.
"Special super-human sword
swallower goes Gaieties!
Sword-swallowing, fire-eating
demon dominated second scene.
Once ran wild and consumed
characters in cast. Saving our
souls, we'll light up the stage
with him instead of the usual
electric enigmas"—this from
"Doodles" Weaver.
"Skits and Swats and Block
headed 'blockouts' will carry
on the carnage.
"Choruses fit and fine. Most
gorgeous girlies of Stanford
stamping grounds," screeches
Weaver.
"Special super-human sword
swallower goes Gaieties!
Sword-swallowing, fire-eating
demon dominated second scene.
Once ran wild and consumed
characters in cast. Saving our
souls, we'll light up the stage
with him instead of the usual
electric enigmas"—this from
"Doodles" Weaver.
"Skits and Swats and Block
headed 'blockouts' will carry
on the carnage.
"Choruses fit and fine. Most
gorgeous girlies of Stanford
stamping grounds," screeches
Weaver.
"Special super-human sword
swallower goes Gaieties!
Sword-swallowing, fire-eating
demon dominated second scene.
Once ran wild and consumed
characters in cast. Saving our
souls, we'll light up the stage
with him instead of the usual
electric enigmas"—this from
"Doodles" Weaver.
"Skits and Swats and Block
headed 'blockouts' will carry
on the carnage.
"Choruses fit and fine. Most
gorgeous girlies of Stanford
stamping grounds," screeches
Weaver.
"Special super-human sword
swallower goes Gaieties!
Sword-swallowing, fire-eating
demon dominated second scene.
Once ran wild and consumed
characters in cast. Saving our
souls, we'll light up the stage
with him instead of the usual
electric enigmas"—this from
"Doodles" Weaver.
"Skits and Swats and Block
headed 'blockouts' will carry
on the carnage.
"Choruses fit and fine. Most
gorgeous girlies of Stanford
stamping grounds," screeches
Weaver.
"Special super-human sword
swallower goes Gaieties!
Sword-swallowing, fire-eating
demon dominated second scene.
Once ran wild and consumed
characters in cast. Saving our
souls, we'll light up the stage
with him instead of the usual
electric enigmas"—this from
"Doodles" Weaver.
"Skits and Swats and Block
headed 'blockouts' will carry
on the carnage.
"Choruses fit and fine. Most
gorgeous girlies of Stanford
stamping grounds," screeches
Weaver.
"Special super-human sword
swallower goes Gaieties!
Sword-swallowing, fire-eating
demon dominated second scene.
Once ran wild and consumed
characters in cast. Saving our
souls, we'll light up the stage
with him instead of the usual
electric enigmas"—this from
"Doodles" Weaver.
"Skits and Swats and Block
headed 'blockouts' will carry
on the carnage.
"Choruses fit and fine. Most
gorgeous girlies of Stanford
stamping grounds," screeches
Weaver.
"Special super-human sword
swallower goes Gaieties!
Sword-swallowing, fire-eating
demon dominated second scene.
Once ran wild and consumed
characters in cast. Saving our
souls, we'll light up the stage
with him instead of the usual
electric enigmas"—this from
"Doodles" Weaver.
"Skits and Swats and Block
headed 'blockouts' will carry
on the carnage.
"Choruses fit and fine. Most
gorgeous girlies of Stanford
stamping grounds," screeches
Weaver.
"Special super-human sword
swallower goes Gaieties!
Sword-swallowing, fire-eating
demon dominated second scene.
Once ran wild and consumed
characters in cast. Saving our
souls, we'll light up the stage
with him instead of the usual
electric enigmas"—this from
"Doodles" Weaver.
"Skits and Swats and Block
headed 'blockouts' will carry
on the carnage.
"Choruses fit and fine. Most
gorgeous girlies of Stanford
stamping grounds," screeches
Weaver.
"Special super-human sword
swallower goes Gaieties!
Sword-swallowing, fire-eating
demon dominated second scene.
Once ran wild and consumed
characters in cast. Saving our
souls, we'll light up the stage
with him instead of the usual
electric enigmas"—this from
"Doodles" Weaver.
"Skits and Swats and Block
headed 'blockouts' will carry
on the carnage.
"Choruses fit and fine. Most
gorgeous girlies of Stanford
stamping grounds," screeches
Weaver.
"Special super-human sword
swallower goes Gaieties!
Sword-swallowing, fire-eating
demon dominated second scene.
Once ran wild and consumed
characters in cast. Saving our
souls, we'll light up the stage
with him instead of the usual
electric enigmas"—this from
"Doodles" Weaver.
"Skits and Swats and Block
headed 'blockouts' will carry
on the carnage.
"Choruses fit and fine. Most
gorgeous girlies of Stanford
stamping grounds," screeches
Weaver.
