# GUIDING LIGHTS IN TWIN WIN
## 
### 

WEEK-END VICTORIES were chalked up by Stanford's varsity bas
ketball and swimming teams, coached by Everett Dean. left, and Nort
Thornton. Thornton's mermen conquered the San Francisco "Y," and
Dean's cagers thumped California. 51-35, in its P.C.C. conference
opener.


WEEK-END VICTORIES were chalked up by Stanford's varsity bas
ketball and swimming teams, coached by Everett Dean. left, and Nort
Thornton. Thornton's mermen conquered the San Francisco "Y," and
Dean's cagers thumped California. 51-35, in its P.C.C. conference
opener.


WEEK-END VICTORIES were chalked up by Stanford's varsity bas
ketball and swimming teams, coached by Everett Dean. left, and Nort
Thornton. Thornton's mermen conquered the San Francisco "Y," and
Dean's cagers thumped California. 51-35, in its P.C.C. conference
opener.


WEEK-END VICTORIES were chalked up by Stanford's varsity bas
ketball and swimming teams, coached by Everett Dean. left, and Nort
Thornton. Thornton's mermen conquered the San Francisco "Y," and
Dean's cagers thumped California. 51-35, in its P.C.C. conference
opener.


WEEK-END VICTORIES were chalked up by Stanford's varsity bas
ketball and swimming teams, coached by Everett Dean. left, and Nort
Thornton. Thornton's mermen conquered the San Francisco "Y," and
Dean's cagers thumped California. 51-35, in its P.C.C. conference
opener.


WEEK-END VICTORIES were chalked up by Stanford's varsity bas
ketball and swimming teams, coached by Everett Dean. left, and Nort
Thornton. Thornton's mermen conquered the San Francisco "Y," and
Dean's cagers thumped California. 51-35, in its P.C.C. conference
opener.


WEEK-END VICTORIES were chalked up by Stanford's varsity bas
ketball and swimming teams, coached by Everett Dean. left, and Nort
Thornton. Thornton's mermen conquered the San Francisco "Y," and
Dean's cagers thumped California. 51-35, in its P.C.C. conference
opener.


WEEK-END VICTORIES were chalked up by Stanford's varsity bas
ketball and swimming teams, coached by Everett Dean. left, and Nort
Thornton. Thornton's mermen conquered the San Francisco "Y," and
Dean's cagers thumped California. 51-35, in its P.C.C. conference
opener.


WEEK-END VICTORIES were chalked up by Stanford's varsity bas
ketball and swimming teams, coached by Everett Dean. left, and Nort
Thornton. Thornton's mermen conquered the San Francisco "Y," and
Dean's cagers thumped California. 51-35, in its P.C.C. conference
opener.


WEEK-END VICTORIES were chalked up by Stanford's varsity bas
ketball and swimming teams, coached by Everett Dean. left, and Nort
Thornton. Thornton's mermen conquered the San Francisco "Y," and
Dean's cagers thumped California. 51-35, in its P.C.C. conference
opener.


WEEK-END VICTORIES were chalked up by Stanford's varsity bas
ketball and swimming teams, coached by Everett Dean. left, and Nort
Thornton. Thornton's mermen conquered the San Francisco "Y," and
Dean's cagers thumped California. 51-35, in its P.C.C. conference
opener.


WEEK-END VICTORIES were chalked up by Stanford's varsity bas
ketball and swimming teams, coached by Everett Dean. left, and Nort
Thornton. Thornton's mermen conquered the San Francisco "Y," and
Dean's cagers thumped California. 51-35, in its P.C.C. conference
opener.


WEEK-END VICTORIES were chalked up by Stanford's varsity bas
ketball and swimming teams, coached by Everett Dean. left, and Nort
Thornton. Thornton's mermen conquered the San Francisco "Y," and
Dean's cagers thumped California. 51-35, in its P.C.C. conference
opener.


WEEK-END VICTORIES were chalked up by Stanford's varsity bas
ketball and swimming teams, coached by Everett Dean. left, and Nort
Thornton. Thornton's mermen conquered the San Francisco "Y," and
Dean's cagers thumped California. 51-35, in its P.C.C. conference
opener.


WEEK-END VICTORIES were chalked up by Stanford's varsity bas
ketball and swimming teams, coached by Everett Dean. left, and Nort
Thornton. Thornton's mermen conquered the San Francisco "Y," and
Dean's cagers thumped California. 51-35, in its P.C.C. conference
opener.


WEEK-END VICTORIES were chalked up by Stanford's varsity bas
ketball and swimming teams, coached by Everett Dean. left, and Nort
Thornton. Thornton's mermen conquered the San Francisco "Y," and
Dean's cagers thumped California. 51-35, in its P.C.C. conference
opener.


WEEK-END VICTORIES were chalked up by Stanford's varsity bas
ketball and swimming teams, coached by Everett Dean. left, and Nort
Thornton. Thornton's mermen conquered the San Francisco "Y," and
Dean's cagers thumped California. 51-35, in its P.C.C. conference
opener.


WEEK-END VICTORIES were chalked up by Stanford's varsity bas
ketball and swimming teams, coached by Everett Dean. left, and Nort
Thornton. Thornton's mermen conquered the San Francisco "Y," and
Dean's cagers thumped California. 51-35, in its P.C.C. conference
opener.

