# DUTCH PLANES BOMB INVADERS
## 
### 
DATA VIA, N.E.1., Jan. 25 (UP).â€”
Netherlands Indies planes today
heavily bombed two more cruisers
and a transport of a huge Japanese
invasion fleet running a gamut of
American and Dutch bombs, shells
and torpedoes to force new landings
in eastern Borneo and southern
Celebes.
Today's losses brought to 22 the
number of Japanese ships sunk or
damaged in their most recent land
ing expedition.
Violent battles were reported rag
ing ashore at both landing points.

They were Balik Papan, on the East
Borneo coast, a once important oil
port which the defenders demolished |
under their "scorched earth" policy
last week, and Kendari, in south- I
eastern Celebes. They are 500 and
050 miles, respectively, from the |
eastern tip of Java, heart of the j
Indies.
