# SHE WARNS WORKERS IN SHIPYARDS
## 
### 

JANE RUSSELL, pretty Hollywood starlet, warns workers in a Southern California shipyard to not tall
about their work when they leave the yards. This is only one part of a nationwide l rlVoit to "Serve Ii
Silence."

JANE RUSSELL, pretty Hollywood starlet, warns workers in a Southern California shipyard to not tall
about their work when they leave the yards. This is only one part of a nationwide l rlVoit to "Serve Ii
Silence."

JANE RUSSELL, pretty Hollywood starlet, warns workers in a Southern California shipyard to not tall
about their work when they leave the yards. This is only one part of a nationwide l rlVoit to "Serve Ii
Silence."

JANE RUSSELL, pretty Hollywood starlet, warns workers in a Southern California shipyard to not tall
about their work when they leave the yards. This is only one part of a nationwide l rlVoit to "Serve Ii
Silence."

JANE RUSSELL, pretty Hollywood starlet, warns workers in a Southern California shipyard to not tall
about their work when they leave the yards. This is only one part of a nationwide l rlVoit to "Serve Ii
Silence."

JANE RUSSELL, pretty Hollywood starlet, warns workers in a Southern California shipyard to not tall
about their work when they leave the yards. This is only one part of a nationwide l rlVoit to "Serve Ii
Silence."

JANE RUSSELL, pretty Hollywood starlet, warns workers in a Southern California shipyard to not tall
about their work when they leave the yards. This is only one part of a nationwide l rlVoit to "Serve Ii
Silence."

JANE RUSSELL, pretty Hollywood starlet, warns workers in a Southern California shipyard to not tall
about their work when they leave the yards. This is only one part of a nationwide l rlVoit to "Serve Ii
Silence."

JANE RUSSELL, pretty Hollywood starlet, warns workers in a Southern California shipyard to not tall
about their work when they leave the yards. This is only one part of a nationwide l rlVoit to "Serve Ii
Silence."

JANE RUSSELL, pretty Hollywood starlet, warns workers in a Southern California shipyard to not tall
about their work when they leave the yards. This is only one part of a nationwide l rlVoit to "Serve Ii
Silence."

JANE RUSSELL, pretty Hollywood starlet, warns workers in a Southern California shipyard to not tall
about their work when they leave the yards. This is only one part of a nationwide l rlVoit to "Serve Ii
Silence."

JANE RUSSELL, pretty Hollywood starlet, warns workers in a Southern California shipyard to not tall
about their work when they leave the yards. This is only one part of a nationwide l rlVoit to "Serve Ii
Silence."

JANE RUSSELL, pretty Hollywood starlet, warns workers in a Southern California shipyard to not tall
about their work when they leave the yards. This is only one part of a nationwide l rlVoit to "Serve Ii
Silence."

JANE RUSSELL, pretty Hollywood starlet, warns workers in a Southern California shipyard to not tall
about their work when they leave the yards. This is only one part of a nationwide l rlVoit to "Serve Ii
Silence."

JANE RUSSELL, pretty Hollywood starlet, warns workers in a Southern California shipyard to not tall
about their work when they leave the yards. This is only one part of a nationwide l rlVoit to "Serve Ii
Silence."

JANE RUSSELL, pretty Hollywood starlet, warns workers in a Southern California shipyard to not tall
about their work when they leave the yards. This is only one part of a nationwide l rlVoit to "Serve Ii
Silence."

JANE RUSSELL, pretty Hollywood starlet, warns workers in a Southern California shipyard to not tall
about their work when they leave the yards. This is only one part of a nationwide l rlVoit to "Serve Ii
Silence."

JANE RUSSELL, pretty Hollywood starlet, warns workers in a Southern California shipyard to not tall
about their work when they leave the yards. This is only one part of a nationwide l rlVoit to "Serve Ii
Silence."
