# Adv. 18 Page 8
## 
### 
DIFFERECIT?
SPICE
HOUSE
But you can't find the in
gredients?
We carry hard to find
spices and foods from
Africa, Asia, India, Mid
dle East, Latin America,
and Europe.
J* L_
ni i —
. a i
• ii
10 ,
. :*i~
_J| i ;*i
SPICE HOUSE
2343 Birch St., Palo Alto
326-8811 • 9:30-5:30
DIFFERECIT?
SPICE
HOUSE
But you can't find the in
gredients?
We carry hard to find
spices and foods from
Africa, Asia, India, Mid
dle East, Latin America,
and Europe.
J* L_
ni i —
. a i
• ii
10 ,
. :*i~
_J| i ;*i
SPICE HOUSE
2343 Birch St., Palo Alto
326-8811 • 9:30-5:30
DIFFERECIT?
SPICE
HOUSE
But you can't find the in
gredients?
We carry hard to find
spices and foods from
Africa, Asia, India, Mid
dle East, Latin America,
and Europe.
J* L_
ni i —
. a i
• ii
10 ,
. :*i~
_J| i ;*i
SPICE HOUSE
2343 Birch St., Palo Alto
326-8811 • 9:30-5:30
DIFFERECIT?
SPICE
HOUSE
But you can't find the in
gredients?
We carry hard to find
spices and foods from
Africa, Asia, India, Mid
dle East, Latin America,
and Europe.
J* L_
ni i —
. a i
• ii
10 ,
. :*i~
_J| i ;*i
SPICE HOUSE
2343 Birch St., Palo Alto
326-8811 • 9:30-5:30
DIFFERECIT?
SPICE
HOUSE
But you can't find the in
gredients?
We carry hard to find
spices and foods from
Africa, Asia, India, Mid
dle East, Latin America,
and Europe.
J* L_
ni i —
. a i
• ii
10 ,
. :*i~
_J| i ;*i
SPICE HOUSE
2343 Birch St., Palo Alto
326-8811 • 9:30-5:30
DIFFERECIT?
SPICE
HOUSE
But you can't find the in
gredients?
We carry hard to find
spices and foods from
Africa, Asia, India, Mid
dle East, Latin America,
and Europe.
J* L_
ni i —
. a i
• ii
10 ,
. :*i~
_J| i ;*i
SPICE HOUSE
2343 Birch St., Palo Alto
326-8811 • 9:30-5:30
DIFFERECIT?
SPICE
HOUSE
But you can't find the in
gredients?
We carry hard to find
spices and foods from
Africa, Asia, India, Mid
dle East, Latin America,
and Europe.
J* L_
ni i —
. a i
• ii
10 ,
. :*i~
_J| i ;*i
SPICE HOUSE
2343 Birch St., Palo Alto
326-8811 • 9:30-5:30
