# Debate Club To Hear Lutz
## 
### 
Dr. Ralph H. Lutz, professor of
history and dean of graduate study,
will answer questions on France at
tonight's meeting of Debating Soci
ety, at 7:45 in the Women's Club
house.
An authority on Middle European
history, Dr. Lutz has studied ex
tensively in Europe, receiving the
Ph. D. from the University of Heidel
berg. He is the author of several
books on European history since the
last world war and has done research
on this subject for the Hoover War
Library.
"Everyone is welcome to attend
tonight's meeting, whether members
of Debating Society or not," said
Carol Newton, debate manager. She
added that refreshments will be
served.
Dr. Lutz's talk will be directed
toward the topic for the Joffre de
bate, "The Future of France in the
Post-War World." Six members of
Debating Society have been doing
reading on this subject in preparation
for the annual debate with Cal to be
held spring quarter.
The all-campus debate tournament
will go into the final rounds ttys
week. Eliminations will be an
nounced tomorrow and finals will

probably be held Wednesday, ac
cording, to Miss Newton.
