# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Katie Orme was elected Roble's
representative to Women's Confer
ence yesterday at balloting before
and after lunch in the Roble lobby.
Katie Orme was elected Roble's
representative to Women's Confer
ence yesterday at balloting before
and after lunch in the Roble lobby.
Katie Orme was elected Roble's
representative to Women's Confer
ence yesterday at balloting before
and after lunch in the Roble lobby.
Katie Orme was elected Roble's
representative to Women's Confer
ence yesterday at balloting before
and after lunch in the Roble lobby.
Katie Orme was elected Roble's
representative to Women's Confer
ence yesterday at balloting before
and after lunch in the Roble lobby.
Katie Orme was elected Roble's
representative to Women's Confer
ence yesterday at balloting before
and after lunch in the Roble lobby.
Katie Orme was elected Roble's
representative to Women's Confer
ence yesterday at balloting before
and after lunch in the Roble lobby.
Katie Orme was elected Roble's
representative to Women's Confer
ence yesterday at balloting before
and after lunch in the Roble lobby.
Katie Orme was elected Roble's
representative to Women's Confer
ence yesterday at balloting before
and after lunch in the Roble lobby.
Katie Orme was elected Roble's
representative to Women's Confer
ence yesterday at balloting before
and after lunch in the Roble lobby.
Katie Orme was elected Roble's
representative to Women's Confer
ence yesterday at balloting before
and after lunch in the Roble lobby.
Katie Orme was elected Roble's
representative to Women's Confer
ence yesterday at balloting before
and after lunch in the Roble lobby.
Katie Orme was elected Roble's
representative to Women's Confer
ence yesterday at balloting before
and after lunch in the Roble lobby.
Katie Orme was elected Roble's
representative to Women's Confer
ence yesterday at balloting before
and after lunch in the Roble lobby.
Katie Orme was elected Roble's
representative to Women's Confer
ence yesterday at balloting before
and after lunch in the Roble lobby.
