# Tanks Push To Hamburg
## 
### 
PARIS, Monday, March 5 (UP). —
American Ninth Army tank forces
smashed to the Rhine at Hamburg
yesterday bringing the great Essen
Krupp arsenal within artillery range
as Berlin asserted that other forces
had attempted an invasion of the
Ruhr at Duesseldorf.
The German report remained un
confirmed by any Allied source, but
it claimed that American tank forces
had crossed the Rhine on the south
ern bridge at Duesseldorf and had
been repulsed. The Nazi DNB agency
said that preparations were being
made for another crossing northwest
of Duesseldorf while Lieutenant
General William H. Simpson's troops
were said to be bringing up rubber
assault boats to force the river.
The battle of Cologne flamed
toward a climax which field dis
patches said may be reached within
the next 24 hours.
PARIS, Monday, March 5 (UP). —
American Ninth Army tank forces
smashed to the Rhine at Hamburg
yesterday bringing the great Essen
Krupp arsenal within artillery range
as Berlin asserted that other forces
had attempted an invasion of the
Ruhr at Duesseldorf.
The German report remained un
confirmed by any Allied source, but
it claimed that American tank forces
had crossed the Rhine on the south
ern bridge at Duesseldorf and had
been repulsed. The Nazi DNB agency
said that preparations were being
made for another crossing northwest
of Duesseldorf while Lieutenant
General William H. Simpson's troops
were said to be bringing up rubber
assault boats to force the river.
The battle of Cologne flamed
toward a climax which field dis
patches said may be reached within
the next 24 hours.
PARIS, Monday, March 5 (UP). —
American Ninth Army tank forces
smashed to the Rhine at Hamburg
yesterday bringing the great Essen
Krupp arsenal within artillery range
as Berlin asserted that other forces
had attempted an invasion of the
Ruhr at Duesseldorf.
The German report remained un
confirmed by any Allied source, but
it claimed that American tank forces
had crossed the Rhine on the south
ern bridge at Duesseldorf and had
been repulsed. The Nazi DNB agency
said that preparations were being
made for another crossing northwest
of Duesseldorf while Lieutenant
General William H. Simpson's troops
were said to be bringing up rubber
assault boats to force the river.
The battle of Cologne flamed
toward a climax which field dis
patches said may be reached within
the next 24 hours.
PARIS, Monday, March 5 (UP). —
American Ninth Army tank forces
smashed to the Rhine at Hamburg
yesterday bringing the great Essen
Krupp arsenal within artillery range
as Berlin asserted that other forces
had attempted an invasion of the
Ruhr at Duesseldorf.
The German report remained un
confirmed by any Allied source, but
it claimed that American tank forces
had crossed the Rhine on the south
ern bridge at Duesseldorf and had
been repulsed. The Nazi DNB agency
said that preparations were being
made for another crossing northwest
of Duesseldorf while Lieutenant
General William H. Simpson's troops
were said to be bringing up rubber
assault boats to force the river.
The battle of Cologne flamed
toward a climax which field dis
patches said may be reached within
the next 24 hours.
PARIS, Monday, March 5 (UP). —
American Ninth Army tank forces
smashed to the Rhine at Hamburg
yesterday bringing the great Essen
Krupp arsenal within artillery range
as Berlin asserted that other forces
had attempted an invasion of the
Ruhr at Duesseldorf.
The German report remained un
confirmed by any Allied source, but
it claimed that American tank forces
had crossed the Rhine on the south
ern bridge at Duesseldorf and had
been repulsed. The Nazi DNB agency
said that preparations were being
made for another crossing northwest
of Duesseldorf while Lieutenant
General William H. Simpson's troops
were said to be bringing up rubber
assault boats to force the river.
The battle of Cologne flamed
toward a climax which field dis
patches said may be reached within
the next 24 hours.
PARIS, Monday, March 5 (UP). —
American Ninth Army tank forces
smashed to the Rhine at Hamburg
yesterday bringing the great Essen
Krupp arsenal within artillery range
as Berlin asserted that other forces
had attempted an invasion of the
Ruhr at Duesseldorf.
The German report remained un
confirmed by any Allied source, but
it claimed that American tank forces
had crossed the Rhine on the south
ern bridge at Duesseldorf and had
been repulsed. The Nazi DNB agency
said that preparations were being
made for another crossing northwest
of Duesseldorf while Lieutenant
General William H. Simpson's troops
were said to be bringing up rubber
assault boats to force the river.
The battle of Cologne flamed
toward a climax which field dis
patches said may be reached within
the next 24 hours.
PARIS, Monday, March 5 (UP). —
American Ninth Army tank forces
smashed to the Rhine at Hamburg
yesterday bringing the great Essen
Krupp arsenal within artillery range
as Berlin asserted that other forces
had attempted an invasion of the
Ruhr at Duesseldorf.
The German report remained un
confirmed by any Allied source, but
it claimed that American tank forces
had crossed the Rhine on the south
ern bridge at Duesseldorf and had
been repulsed. The Nazi DNB agency
said that preparations were being
made for another crossing northwest
of Duesseldorf while Lieutenant
General William H. Simpson's troops
were said to be bringing up rubber
assault boats to force the river.
The battle of Cologne flamed
toward a climax which field dis
patches said may be reached within
the next 24 hours.
PARIS, Monday, March 5 (UP). —
American Ninth Army tank forces
smashed to the Rhine at Hamburg
yesterday bringing the great Essen
Krupp arsenal within artillery range
as Berlin asserted that other forces
had attempted an invasion of the
Ruhr at Duesseldorf.
The German report remained un
confirmed by any Allied source, but
it claimed that American tank forces
had crossed the Rhine on the south
ern bridge at Duesseldorf and had
been repulsed. The Nazi DNB agency
said that preparations were being
made for another crossing northwest
of Duesseldorf while Lieutenant
General William H. Simpson's troops
were said to be bringing up rubber
assault boats to force the river.
The battle of Cologne flamed
toward a climax which field dis
patches said may be reached within
the next 24 hours.
PARIS, Monday, March 5 (UP). —
American Ninth Army tank forces
smashed to the Rhine at Hamburg
yesterday bringing the great Essen
Krupp arsenal within artillery range
as Berlin asserted that other forces
had attempted an invasion of the
Ruhr at Duesseldorf.
The German report remained un
confirmed by any Allied source, but
it claimed that American tank forces
had crossed the Rhine on the south
ern bridge at Duesseldorf and had
been repulsed. The Nazi DNB agency
said that preparations were being
made for another crossing northwest
of Duesseldorf while Lieutenant
General William H. Simpson's troops
were said to be bringing up rubber
assault boats to force the river.
The battle of Cologne flamed
toward a climax which field dis
patches said may be reached within
the next 24 hours.
PARIS, Monday, March 5 (UP). —
American Ninth Army tank forces
smashed to the Rhine at Hamburg
yesterday bringing the great Essen
Krupp arsenal within artillery range
as Berlin asserted that other forces
had attempted an invasion of the
Ruhr at Duesseldorf.
The German report remained un
confirmed by any Allied source, but
it claimed that American tank forces
had crossed the Rhine on the south
ern bridge at Duesseldorf and had
been repulsed. The Nazi DNB agency
said that preparations were being
made for another crossing northwest
of Duesseldorf while Lieutenant
General William H. Simpson's troops
were said to be bringing up rubber
assault boats to force the river.
The battle of Cologne flamed
toward a climax which field dis
patches said may be reached within
the next 24 hours.
PARIS, Monday, March 5 (UP). —
American Ninth Army tank forces
smashed to the Rhine at Hamburg
yesterday bringing the great Essen
Krupp arsenal within artillery range
as Berlin asserted that other forces
had attempted an invasion of the
Ruhr at Duesseldorf.
The German report remained un
confirmed by any Allied source, but
it claimed that American tank forces
had crossed the Rhine on the south
ern bridge at Duesseldorf and had
been repulsed. The Nazi DNB agency
said that preparations were being
made for another crossing northwest
of Duesseldorf while Lieutenant
General William H. Simpson's troops
were said to be bringing up rubber
assault boats to force the river.
The battle of Cologne flamed
toward a climax which field dis
patches said may be reached within
the next 24 hours.
PARIS, Monday, March 5 (UP). —
American Ninth Army tank forces
smashed to the Rhine at Hamburg
yesterday bringing the great Essen
Krupp arsenal within artillery range
as Berlin asserted that other forces
had attempted an invasion of the
Ruhr at Duesseldorf.
The German report remained un
confirmed by any Allied source, but
it claimed that American tank forces
had crossed the Rhine on the south
ern bridge at Duesseldorf and had
been repulsed. The Nazi DNB agency
said that preparations were being
made for another crossing northwest
of Duesseldorf while Lieutenant
General William H. Simpson's troops
were said to be bringing up rubber
assault boats to force the river.
The battle of Cologne flamed
toward a climax which field dis
patches said may be reached within
the next 24 hours.
PARIS, Monday, March 5 (UP). —
American Ninth Army tank forces
smashed to the Rhine at Hamburg
yesterday bringing the great Essen
Krupp arsenal within artillery range
as Berlin asserted that other forces
had attempted an invasion of the
Ruhr at Duesseldorf.
The German report remained un
confirmed by any Allied source, but
it claimed that American tank forces
had crossed the Rhine on the south
ern bridge at Duesseldorf and had
been repulsed. The Nazi DNB agency
said that preparations were being
made for another crossing northwest
of Duesseldorf while Lieutenant
General William H. Simpson's troops
were said to be bringing up rubber
assault boats to force the river.
The battle of Cologne flamed
toward a climax which field dis
patches said may be reached within
the next 24 hours.
PARIS, Monday, March 5 (UP). —
American Ninth Army tank forces
smashed to the Rhine at Hamburg
yesterday bringing the great Essen
Krupp arsenal within artillery range
as Berlin asserted that other forces
had attempted an invasion of the
Ruhr at Duesseldorf.
The German report remained un
confirmed by any Allied source, but
it claimed that American tank forces
had crossed the Rhine on the south
ern bridge at Duesseldorf and had
been repulsed. The Nazi DNB agency
said that preparations were being
made for another crossing northwest
of Duesseldorf while Lieutenant
General William H. Simpson's troops
were said to be bringing up rubber
assault boats to force the river.
The battle of Cologne flamed
toward a climax which field dis
patches said may be reached within
the next 24 hours.
PARIS, Monday, March 5 (UP). —
American Ninth Army tank forces
smashed to the Rhine at Hamburg
yesterday bringing the great Essen
Krupp arsenal within artillery range
as Berlin asserted that other forces
had attempted an invasion of the
Ruhr at Duesseldorf.
The German report remained un
confirmed by any Allied source, but
it claimed that American tank forces
had crossed the Rhine on the south
ern bridge at Duesseldorf and had
been repulsed. The Nazi DNB agency
said that preparations were being
made for another crossing northwest
of Duesseldorf while Lieutenant
General William H. Simpson's troops
were said to be bringing up rubber
assault boats to force the river.
The battle of Cologne flamed
toward a climax which field dis
patches said may be reached within
the next 24 hours.
