# Untitled Article
## 
### 
This is the season of the year
when many students in their pride
are tilling out study cards and
boasting of tlie number of hours
they expect to carry this semester.
Before the semester closes, some of
them will have reached the con
clusion that it is the part of wis
dom for the average student to
register for only a reasonable num
ber of hours each semester and to
do thorough work in all that is
attempted.
This is the season of the year
when many students in their pride
are tilling out study cards and
boasting of tlie number of hours
they expect to carry this semester.
Before the semester closes, some of
them will have reached the con
clusion that it is the part of wis
dom for the average student to
register for only a reasonable num
ber of hours each semester and to
do thorough work in all that is
attempted.
This is the season of the year
when many students in their pride
are tilling out study cards and
boasting of tlie number of hours
they expect to carry this semester.
Before the semester closes, some of
them will have reached the con
clusion that it is the part of wis
dom for the average student to
register for only a reasonable num
ber of hours each semester and to
do thorough work in all that is
attempted.
This is the season of the year
when many students in their pride
are tilling out study cards and
boasting of tlie number of hours
they expect to carry this semester.
Before the semester closes, some of
them will have reached the con
clusion that it is the part of wis
dom for the average student to
register for only a reasonable num
ber of hours each semester and to
do thorough work in all that is
attempted.
This is the season of the year
when many students in their pride
are tilling out study cards and
boasting of tlie number of hours
they expect to carry this semester.
Before the semester closes, some of
them will have reached the con
clusion that it is the part of wis
dom for the average student to
register for only a reasonable num
ber of hours each semester and to
do thorough work in all that is
attempted.
