# getting it right
## 
### 
The URL given at the end oi yesterday's
letter to the editor, "Privacy concerns over
Stanford list server," was incorrect. The cor
rect URL is http://dynamic-59.mobile.stan
ford.edu/.
The URL given at the end oi yesterday's
letter to the editor, "Privacy concerns over
Stanford list server," was incorrect. The cor
rect URL is http://dynamic-59.mobile.stan
ford.edu/.
The URL given at the end oi yesterday's
letter to the editor, "Privacy concerns over
Stanford list server," was incorrect. The cor
rect URL is http://dynamic-59.mobile.stan
ford.edu/.
The URL given at the end oi yesterday's
letter to the editor, "Privacy concerns over
Stanford list server," was incorrect. The cor
rect URL is http://dynamic-59.mobile.stan
ford.edu/.
The URL given at the end oi yesterday's
letter to the editor, "Privacy concerns over
Stanford list server," was incorrect. The cor
rect URL is http://dynamic-59.mobile.stan
ford.edu/.
The URL given at the end oi yesterday's
letter to the editor, "Privacy concerns over
Stanford list server," was incorrect. The cor
rect URL is http://dynamic-59.mobile.stan
ford.edu/.
