# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
Challenging
these cold
windy days
We are offering that smart
slip-over chamois jacket, one
of our newest innovations. The
price is pleasingly conserva
tive. Also a complete line of
buttoned jackets and "sheep
skins."
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 Ramona St.
JUST RECEIVED NEW
SHIPMENT OF PING
PONG EQUIPMENT
Smith's
ON-TH E-CI RCLE
Everything for Every Sport
Challenging
these cold
windy days
We are offering that smart
slip-over chamois jacket, one
of our newest innovations. The
price is pleasingly conserva
tive. Also a complete line of
buttoned jackets and "sheep
skins."
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 Ramona St.
JUST RECEIVED NEW
SHIPMENT OF PING
PONG EQUIPMENT
Smith's
ON-TH E-CI RCLE
Everything for Every Sport
Challenging
these cold
windy days
We are offering that smart
slip-over chamois jacket, one
of our newest innovations. The
price is pleasingly conserva
tive. Also a complete line of
buttoned jackets and "sheep
skins."
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 Ramona St.
JUST RECEIVED NEW
SHIPMENT OF PING
PONG EQUIPMENT
Smith's
ON-TH E-CI RCLE
Everything for Every Sport
Challenging
these cold
windy days
We are offering that smart
slip-over chamois jacket, one
of our newest innovations. The
price is pleasingly conserva
tive. Also a complete line of
buttoned jackets and "sheep
skins."
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 Ramona St.
JUST RECEIVED NEW
SHIPMENT OF PING
PONG EQUIPMENT
Smith's
ON-TH E-CI RCLE
Everything for Every Sport
Challenging
these cold
windy days
We are offering that smart
slip-over chamois jacket, one
of our newest innovations. The
price is pleasingly conserva
tive. Also a complete line of
buttoned jackets and "sheep
skins."
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 Ramona St.
JUST RECEIVED NEW
SHIPMENT OF PING
PONG EQUIPMENT
Smith's
ON-TH E-CI RCLE
Everything for Every Sport
Challenging
these cold
windy days
We are offering that smart
slip-over chamois jacket, one
of our newest innovations. The
price is pleasingly conserva
tive. Also a complete line of
buttoned jackets and "sheep
skins."
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 Ramona St.
JUST RECEIVED NEW
SHIPMENT OF PING
PONG EQUIPMENT
Smith's
ON-TH E-CI RCLE
Everything for Every Sport
Challenging
these cold
windy days
We are offering that smart
slip-over chamois jacket, one
of our newest innovations. The
price is pleasingly conserva
tive. Also a complete line of
buttoned jackets and "sheep
skins."
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 Ramona St.
JUST RECEIVED NEW
SHIPMENT OF PING
PONG EQUIPMENT
Smith's
ON-TH E-CI RCLE
Everything for Every Sport
Challenging
these cold
windy days
We are offering that smart
slip-over chamois jacket, one
of our newest innovations. The
price is pleasingly conserva
tive. Also a complete line of
buttoned jackets and "sheep
skins."
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 Ramona St.
JUST RECEIVED NEW
SHIPMENT OF PING
PONG EQUIPMENT
Smith's
ON-TH E-CI RCLE
Everything for Every Sport
Challenging
these cold
windy days
We are offering that smart
slip-over chamois jacket, one
of our newest innovations. The
price is pleasingly conserva
tive. Also a complete line of
buttoned jackets and "sheep
skins."
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 Ramona St.
JUST RECEIVED NEW
SHIPMENT OF PING
PONG EQUIPMENT
Smith's
ON-TH E-CI RCLE
Everything for Every Sport
Challenging
these cold
windy days
We are offering that smart
slip-over chamois jacket, one
of our newest innovations. The
price is pleasingly conserva
tive. Also a complete line of
buttoned jackets and "sheep
skins."
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 Ramona St.
JUST RECEIVED NEW
SHIPMENT OF PING
PONG EQUIPMENT
Smith's
ON-TH E-CI RCLE
Everything for Every Sport
Challenging
these cold
windy days
We are offering that smart
slip-over chamois jacket, one
of our newest innovations. The
price is pleasingly conserva
tive. Also a complete line of
buttoned jackets and "sheep
skins."
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 Ramona St.
JUST RECEIVED NEW
SHIPMENT OF PING
PONG EQUIPMENT
Smith's
ON-TH E-CI RCLE
Everything for Every Sport
Challenging
these cold
windy days
We are offering that smart
slip-over chamois jacket, one
of our newest innovations. The
price is pleasingly conserva
tive. Also a complete line of
buttoned jackets and "sheep
skins."
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 Ramona St.
JUST RECEIVED NEW
SHIPMENT OF PING
PONG EQUIPMENT
Smith's
ON-TH E-CI RCLE
Everything for Every Sport
Challenging
these cold
windy days
We are offering that smart
slip-over chamois jacket, one
of our newest innovations. The
price is pleasingly conserva
tive. Also a complete line of
buttoned jackets and "sheep
skins."
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 Ramona St.
JUST RECEIVED NEW
SHIPMENT OF PING
PONG EQUIPMENT
Smith's
ON-TH E-CI RCLE
Everything for Every Sport
Challenging
these cold
windy days
We are offering that smart
slip-over chamois jacket, one
of our newest innovations. The
price is pleasingly conserva
tive. Also a complete line of
buttoned jackets and "sheep
skins."
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 Ramona St.
JUST RECEIVED NEW
SHIPMENT OF PING
PONG EQUIPMENT
Smith's
ON-TH E-CI RCLE
Everything for Every Sport
Challenging
these cold
windy days
We are offering that smart
slip-over chamois jacket, one
of our newest innovations. The
price is pleasingly conserva
tive. Also a complete line of
buttoned jackets and "sheep
skins."
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 Ramona St.
JUST RECEIVED NEW
SHIPMENT OF PING
PONG EQUIPMENT
Smith's
ON-TH E-CI RCLE
Everything for Every Sport
Challenging
these cold
windy days
We are offering that smart
slip-over chamois jacket, one
of our newest innovations. The
price is pleasingly conserva
tive. Also a complete line of
buttoned jackets and "sheep
skins."
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 Ramona St.
JUST RECEIVED NEW
SHIPMENT OF PING
PONG EQUIPMENT
Smith's
ON-TH E-CI RCLE
Everything for Every Sport
Challenging
these cold
windy days
We are offering that smart
slip-over chamois jacket, one
of our newest innovations. The
price is pleasingly conserva
tive. Also a complete line of
buttoned jackets and "sheep
skins."
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 Ramona St.
JUST RECEIVED NEW
SHIPMENT OF PING
PONG EQUIPMENT
Smith's
ON-TH E-CI RCLE
Everything for Every Sport
