# LOVE WAS BUT A GNARLED TREE
## 
### Vivian Karen Olson 
I dreamed that Love was but a gnaiied
tree
Whose roots had wound themselves '
about my heart
And stirred its throbbing earth dis- j
turbingly.
I prayed to God that Love might soon j
depart
And leave my troubled heart a little i
pe^cc.
I might as well have wished the tree i
to start
To fold its roots and branches, and
release
Its hold, and saunter down the high- I
way there.
For Love held me in bond, and gave j
no peace.

And so the roots pushed deep, with
little care
If they wrought havoc to philosophy.
And I, whose heart they eat, on sorrow
fare.
I dreamed that Love was but a gnaiied
tree
Whose roots had wound themselves '
about my heart
And stirred its throbbing earth dis- j
turbingly.
I prayed to God that Love might soon j
depart
And leave my troubled heart a little i
pe^cc.
I might as well have wished the tree i
to start
To fold its roots and branches, and
release
Its hold, and saunter down the high- I
way there.
For Love held me in bond, and gave j
no peace.

And so the roots pushed deep, with
little care
If they wrought havoc to philosophy.
And I, whose heart they eat, on sorrow
fare.
I dreamed that Love was but a gnaiied
tree
Whose roots had wound themselves '
about my heart
And stirred its throbbing earth dis- j
turbingly.
I prayed to God that Love might soon j
depart
And leave my troubled heart a little i
pe^cc.
I might as well have wished the tree i
to start
To fold its roots and branches, and
release
Its hold, and saunter down the high- I
way there.
For Love held me in bond, and gave j
no peace.

And so the roots pushed deep, with
little care
If they wrought havoc to philosophy.
And I, whose heart they eat, on sorrow
fare.
I dreamed that Love was but a gnaiied
tree
Whose roots had wound themselves '
about my heart
And stirred its throbbing earth dis- j
turbingly.
I prayed to God that Love might soon j
depart
And leave my troubled heart a little i
pe^cc.
I might as well have wished the tree i
to start
To fold its roots and branches, and
release
Its hold, and saunter down the high- I
way there.
For Love held me in bond, and gave j
no peace.

And so the roots pushed deep, with
little care
If they wrought havoc to philosophy.
And I, whose heart they eat, on sorrow
fare.
I dreamed that Love was but a gnaiied
tree
Whose roots had wound themselves '
about my heart
And stirred its throbbing earth dis- j
turbingly.
I prayed to God that Love might soon j
depart
And leave my troubled heart a little i
pe^cc.
I might as well have wished the tree i
to start
To fold its roots and branches, and
release
Its hold, and saunter down the high- I
way there.
For Love held me in bond, and gave j
no peace.

And so the roots pushed deep, with
little care
If they wrought havoc to philosophy.
And I, whose heart they eat, on sorrow
fare.
I dreamed that Love was but a gnaiied
tree
Whose roots had wound themselves '
about my heart
And stirred its throbbing earth dis- j
turbingly.
I prayed to God that Love might soon j
depart
And leave my troubled heart a little i
pe^cc.
I might as well have wished the tree i
to start
To fold its roots and branches, and
release
Its hold, and saunter down the high- I
way there.
For Love held me in bond, and gave j
no peace.

And so the roots pushed deep, with
little care
If they wrought havoc to philosophy.
And I, whose heart they eat, on sorrow
fare.
I dreamed that Love was but a gnaiied
tree
Whose roots had wound themselves '
about my heart
And stirred its throbbing earth dis- j
turbingly.
I prayed to God that Love might soon j
depart
And leave my troubled heart a little i
pe^cc.
I might as well have wished the tree i
to start
To fold its roots and branches, and
release
Its hold, and saunter down the high- I
way there.
For Love held me in bond, and gave j
no peace.

And so the roots pushed deep, with
little care
If they wrought havoc to philosophy.
And I, whose heart they eat, on sorrow
fare.
I dreamed that Love was but a gnaiied
tree
Whose roots had wound themselves '
about my heart
And stirred its throbbing earth dis- j
turbingly.
I prayed to God that Love might soon j
depart
And leave my troubled heart a little i
pe^cc.
I might as well have wished the tree i
to start
To fold its roots and branches, and
release
Its hold, and saunter down the high- I
way there.
For Love held me in bond, and gave j
no peace.

And so the roots pushed deep, with
little care
If they wrought havoc to philosophy.
And I, whose heart they eat, on sorrow
fare.
I dreamed that Love was but a gnaiied
tree
Whose roots had wound themselves '
about my heart
And stirred its throbbing earth dis- j
turbingly.
I prayed to God that Love might soon j
depart
And leave my troubled heart a little i
pe^cc.
I might as well have wished the tree i
to start
To fold its roots and branches, and
release
Its hold, and saunter down the high- I
way there.
For Love held me in bond, and gave j
no peace.

And so the roots pushed deep, with
little care
If they wrought havoc to philosophy.
And I, whose heart they eat, on sorrow
fare.
I dreamed that Love was but a gnaiied
tree
Whose roots had wound themselves '
about my heart
And stirred its throbbing earth dis- j
turbingly.
I prayed to God that Love might soon j
depart
And leave my troubled heart a little i
pe^cc.
I might as well have wished the tree i
to start
To fold its roots and branches, and
release
Its hold, and saunter down the high- I
way there.
For Love held me in bond, and gave j
no peace.

And so the roots pushed deep, with
little care
If they wrought havoc to philosophy.
And I, whose heart they eat, on sorrow
fare.
I dreamed that Love was but a gnaiied
tree
Whose roots had wound themselves '
about my heart
And stirred its throbbing earth dis- j
turbingly.
I prayed to God that Love might soon j
depart
And leave my troubled heart a little i
pe^cc.
I might as well have wished the tree i
to start
To fold its roots and branches, and
release
Its hold, and saunter down the high- I
way there.
For Love held me in bond, and gave j
no peace.

And so the roots pushed deep, with
little care
If they wrought havoc to philosophy.
And I, whose heart they eat, on sorrow
fare.
I dreamed that Love was but a gnaiied
tree
Whose roots had wound themselves '
about my heart
And stirred its throbbing earth dis- j
turbingly.
I prayed to God that Love might soon j
depart
And leave my troubled heart a little i
pe^cc.
I might as well have wished the tree i
to start
To fold its roots and branches, and
release
Its hold, and saunter down the high- I
way there.
For Love held me in bond, and gave j
no peace.

And so the roots pushed deep, with
little care
If they wrought havoc to philosophy.
And I, whose heart they eat, on sorrow
fare.
I dreamed that Love was but a gnaiied
tree
Whose roots had wound themselves '
about my heart
And stirred its throbbing earth dis- j
turbingly.
I prayed to God that Love might soon j
depart
And leave my troubled heart a little i
pe^cc.
I might as well have wished the tree i
to start
To fold its roots and branches, and
release
Its hold, and saunter down the high- I
way there.
For Love held me in bond, and gave j
no peace.

And so the roots pushed deep, with
little care
If they wrought havoc to philosophy.
And I, whose heart they eat, on sorrow
fare.
I dreamed that Love was but a gnaiied
tree
Whose roots had wound themselves '
about my heart
And stirred its throbbing earth dis- j
turbingly.
I prayed to God that Love might soon j
depart
And leave my troubled heart a little i
pe^cc.
I might as well have wished the tree i
to start
To fold its roots and branches, and
release
Its hold, and saunter down the high- I
way there.
For Love held me in bond, and gave j
no peace.

And so the roots pushed deep, with
little care
If they wrought havoc to philosophy.
And I, whose heart they eat, on sorrow
fare.
I dreamed that Love was but a gnaiied
tree
Whose roots had wound themselves '
about my heart
And stirred its throbbing earth dis- j
turbingly.
I prayed to God that Love might soon j
depart
And leave my troubled heart a little i
pe^cc.
I might as well have wished the tree i
to start
To fold its roots and branches, and
release
Its hold, and saunter down the high- I
way there.
For Love held me in bond, and gave j
no peace.

And so the roots pushed deep, with
little care
If they wrought havoc to philosophy.
And I, whose heart they eat, on sorrow
fare.
