# CALL FOR "APE" USHERS
## 
### 
' All men who wish to usher for the
play, "The Hairy Ape," to be given to
morrow night, are asked to report at
the Assembly Hall at 7:30 o'clock on
I that evening.
' All men who wish to usher for the
play, "The Hairy Ape," to be given to
morrow night, are asked to report at
the Assembly Hall at 7:30 o'clock on
I that evening.
' All men who wish to usher for the
play, "The Hairy Ape," to be given to
morrow night, are asked to report at
the Assembly Hall at 7:30 o'clock on
I that evening.
' All men who wish to usher for the
play, "The Hairy Ape," to be given to
morrow night, are asked to report at
the Assembly Hall at 7:30 o'clock on
I that evening.
' All men who wish to usher for the
play, "The Hairy Ape," to be given to
morrow night, are asked to report at
the Assembly Hall at 7:30 o'clock on
I that evening.
' All men who wish to usher for the
play, "The Hairy Ape," to be given to
morrow night, are asked to report at
the Assembly Hall at 7:30 o'clock on
I that evening.
' All men who wish to usher for the
play, "The Hairy Ape," to be given to
morrow night, are asked to report at
the Assembly Hall at 7:30 o'clock on
I that evening.
' All men who wish to usher for the
play, "The Hairy Ape," to be given to
morrow night, are asked to report at
the Assembly Hall at 7:30 o'clock on
I that evening.
' All men who wish to usher for the
play, "The Hairy Ape," to be given to
morrow night, are asked to report at
the Assembly Hall at 7:30 o'clock on
I that evening.
' All men who wish to usher for the
play, "The Hairy Ape," to be given to
morrow night, are asked to report at
the Assembly Hall at 7:30 o'clock on
I that evening.
' All men who wish to usher for the
play, "The Hairy Ape," to be given to
morrow night, are asked to report at
the Assembly Hall at 7:30 o'clock on
I that evening.
' All men who wish to usher for the
play, "The Hairy Ape," to be given to
morrow night, are asked to report at
the Assembly Hall at 7:30 o'clock on
I that evening.
' All men who wish to usher for the
play, "The Hairy Ape," to be given to
morrow night, are asked to report at
the Assembly Hall at 7:30 o'clock on
I that evening.
' All men who wish to usher for the
play, "The Hairy Ape," to be given to
morrow night, are asked to report at
the Assembly Hall at 7:30 o'clock on
I that evening.
' All men who wish to usher for the
play, "The Hairy Ape," to be given to
morrow night, are asked to report at
the Assembly Hall at 7:30 o'clock on
I that evening.
