# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
t : j „
mm- 1,,
DANCE i
«P WELL
By our new, simplified method of
teaching, even beginners can learn
to bccome accomplished, confident
dancers in a few hours . . .
Ludwigs Studios
"Definitely Above the Ordinary"
532 CEARY ST.
FRANKLIN 4398
t : j „
mm- 1,,
DANCE i
«P WELL
By our new, simplified method of
teaching, even beginners can learn
to bccome accomplished, confident
dancers in a few hours . . .
Ludwigs Studios
"Definitely Above the Ordinary"
532 CEARY ST.
FRANKLIN 4398
t : j „
mm- 1,,
DANCE i
«P WELL
By our new, simplified method of
teaching, even beginners can learn
to bccome accomplished, confident
dancers in a few hours . . .
Ludwigs Studios
"Definitely Above the Ordinary"
532 CEARY ST.
FRANKLIN 4398
t : j „
mm- 1,,
DANCE i
«P WELL
By our new, simplified method of
teaching, even beginners can learn
to bccome accomplished, confident
dancers in a few hours . . .
Ludwigs Studios
"Definitely Above the Ordinary"
532 CEARY ST.
FRANKLIN 4398
t : j „
mm- 1,,
DANCE i
«P WELL
By our new, simplified method of
teaching, even beginners can learn
to bccome accomplished, confident
dancers in a few hours . . .
Ludwigs Studios
"Definitely Above the Ordinary"
532 CEARY ST.
FRANKLIN 4398
t : j „
mm- 1,,
DANCE i
«P WELL
By our new, simplified method of
teaching, even beginners can learn
to bccome accomplished, confident
dancers in a few hours . . .
Ludwigs Studios
"Definitely Above the Ordinary"
532 CEARY ST.
FRANKLIN 4398
t : j „
mm- 1,,
DANCE i
«P WELL
By our new, simplified method of
teaching, even beginners can learn
to bccome accomplished, confident
dancers in a few hours . . .
Ludwigs Studios
"Definitely Above the Ordinary"
532 CEARY ST.
FRANKLIN 4398
t : j „
mm- 1,,
DANCE i
«P WELL
By our new, simplified method of
teaching, even beginners can learn
to bccome accomplished, confident
dancers in a few hours . . .
Ludwigs Studios
"Definitely Above the Ordinary"
532 CEARY ST.
FRANKLIN 4398
t : j „
mm- 1,,
DANCE i
«P WELL
By our new, simplified method of
teaching, even beginners can learn
to bccome accomplished, confident
dancers in a few hours . . .
Ludwigs Studios
"Definitely Above the Ordinary"
532 CEARY ST.
FRANKLIN 4398
t : j „
mm- 1,,
DANCE i
«P WELL
By our new, simplified method of
teaching, even beginners can learn
to bccome accomplished, confident
dancers in a few hours . . .
Ludwigs Studios
"Definitely Above the Ordinary"
532 CEARY ST.
FRANKLIN 4398
t : j „
mm- 1,,
DANCE i
«P WELL
By our new, simplified method of
teaching, even beginners can learn
to bccome accomplished, confident
dancers in a few hours . . .
Ludwigs Studios
"Definitely Above the Ordinary"
532 CEARY ST.
FRANKLIN 4398
t : j „
mm- 1,,
DANCE i
«P WELL
By our new, simplified method of
teaching, even beginners can learn
to bccome accomplished, confident
dancers in a few hours . . .
Ludwigs Studios
"Definitely Above the Ordinary"
532 CEARY ST.
FRANKLIN 4398
t : j „
mm- 1,,
DANCE i
«P WELL
By our new, simplified method of
teaching, even beginners can learn
to bccome accomplished, confident
dancers in a few hours . . .
Ludwigs Studios
"Definitely Above the Ordinary"
532 CEARY ST.
FRANKLIN 4398
t : j „
mm- 1,,
DANCE i
«P WELL
By our new, simplified method of
teaching, even beginners can learn
to bccome accomplished, confident
dancers in a few hours . . .
Ludwigs Studios
"Definitely Above the Ordinary"
532 CEARY ST.
FRANKLIN 4398
t : j „
mm- 1,,
DANCE i
«P WELL
By our new, simplified method of
teaching, even beginners can learn
to bccome accomplished, confident
dancers in a few hours . . .
Ludwigs Studios
"Definitely Above the Ordinary"
532 CEARY ST.
FRANKLIN 4398
t : j „
mm- 1,,
DANCE i
«P WELL
By our new, simplified method of
teaching, even beginners can learn
to bccome accomplished, confident
dancers in a few hours . . .
Ludwigs Studios
"Definitely Above the Ordinary"
532 CEARY ST.
FRANKLIN 4398
