# Nevada Banking Tangle Being Checked By U.S.
## 
### 
RENO, Nev., Nov. 3 (/P). â€”Nevada,
whose gold and silver mines once
poured out millions, went about her
business today with very little gold
and silver available as officials
sought to straighten out her tangled
banking situation.
Accounts of the Wingfield chain
of 12 banks, closed until Novem
ber 12 under a business holiday
proclamation of the governor, were
in the hands of two agents of the
Federal Reconstruction Finance
corporation;
Reno's gambling establishment's
managed to keep up a semblance of
business and divorce seekers con
tinued to arrive, apparently un
alarmed by the situation. The only
bank still open, the First National,
was meeting some of the business
requirements and the safe at police
headquarters was pressed into serv
ice to guard money and valuables
which residents feared to keep at
home.
