# 15,000 Wage Strikers Halt Berlin Traffic
## 
### 
BERLIN, Nov. 3 (/P).— I The main
transportation system of Berlin —
the world's largest city—was para
lyzed today by a strike against wage
cuts and affecting 15,000 workers.
Only the state operated Stadt
bahn, a single link in the vast sys
tem, was running. As a result thou
sands of early rising Berliners were
forced to brave a driving rain to
get to work. Some preferred to
clrase taxicabs. Others dashed for
the nearest Stadtbahn station.
BERLIN, Nov. 3 (/P).— I The main
transportation system of Berlin —
the world's largest city—was para
lyzed today by a strike against wage
cuts and affecting 15,000 workers.
Only the state operated Stadt
bahn, a single link in the vast sys
tem, was running. As a result thou
sands of early rising Berliners were
forced to brave a driving rain to
get to work. Some preferred to
clrase taxicabs. Others dashed for
the nearest Stadtbahn station.
BERLIN, Nov. 3 (/P).— I The main
transportation system of Berlin —
the world's largest city—was para
lyzed today by a strike against wage
cuts and affecting 15,000 workers.
Only the state operated Stadt
bahn, a single link in the vast sys
tem, was running. As a result thou
sands of early rising Berliners were
forced to brave a driving rain to
get to work. Some preferred to
clrase taxicabs. Others dashed for
the nearest Stadtbahn station.
BERLIN, Nov. 3 (/P).— I The main
transportation system of Berlin —
the world's largest city—was para
lyzed today by a strike against wage
cuts and affecting 15,000 workers.
Only the state operated Stadt
bahn, a single link in the vast sys
tem, was running. As a result thou
sands of early rising Berliners were
forced to brave a driving rain to
get to work. Some preferred to
clrase taxicabs. Others dashed for
the nearest Stadtbahn station.
BERLIN, Nov. 3 (/P).— I The main
transportation system of Berlin —
the world's largest city—was para
lyzed today by a strike against wage
cuts and affecting 15,000 workers.
Only the state operated Stadt
bahn, a single link in the vast sys
tem, was running. As a result thou
sands of early rising Berliners were
forced to brave a driving rain to
get to work. Some preferred to
clrase taxicabs. Others dashed for
the nearest Stadtbahn station.
BERLIN, Nov. 3 (/P).— I The main
transportation system of Berlin —
the world's largest city—was para
lyzed today by a strike against wage
cuts and affecting 15,000 workers.
Only the state operated Stadt
bahn, a single link in the vast sys
tem, was running. As a result thou
sands of early rising Berliners were
forced to brave a driving rain to
get to work. Some preferred to
clrase taxicabs. Others dashed for
the nearest Stadtbahn station.
BERLIN, Nov. 3 (/P).— I The main
transportation system of Berlin —
the world's largest city—was para
lyzed today by a strike against wage
cuts and affecting 15,000 workers.
Only the state operated Stadt
bahn, a single link in the vast sys
tem, was running. As a result thou
sands of early rising Berliners were
forced to brave a driving rain to
get to work. Some preferred to
clrase taxicabs. Others dashed for
the nearest Stadtbahn station.
BERLIN, Nov. 3 (/P).— I The main
transportation system of Berlin —
the world's largest city—was para
lyzed today by a strike against wage
cuts and affecting 15,000 workers.
Only the state operated Stadt
bahn, a single link in the vast sys
tem, was running. As a result thou
sands of early rising Berliners were
forced to brave a driving rain to
get to work. Some preferred to
clrase taxicabs. Others dashed for
the nearest Stadtbahn station.
BERLIN, Nov. 3 (/P).— I The main
transportation system of Berlin —
the world's largest city—was para
lyzed today by a strike against wage
cuts and affecting 15,000 workers.
Only the state operated Stadt
bahn, a single link in the vast sys
tem, was running. As a result thou
sands of early rising Berliners were
forced to brave a driving rain to
get to work. Some preferred to
clrase taxicabs. Others dashed for
the nearest Stadtbahn station.
BERLIN, Nov. 3 (/P).— I The main
transportation system of Berlin —
the world's largest city—was para
lyzed today by a strike against wage
cuts and affecting 15,000 workers.
Only the state operated Stadt
bahn, a single link in the vast sys
tem, was running. As a result thou
sands of early rising Berliners were
forced to brave a driving rain to
get to work. Some preferred to
clrase taxicabs. Others dashed for
the nearest Stadtbahn station.
BERLIN, Nov. 3 (/P).— I The main
transportation system of Berlin —
the world's largest city—was para
lyzed today by a strike against wage
cuts and affecting 15,000 workers.
Only the state operated Stadt
bahn, a single link in the vast sys
tem, was running. As a result thou
sands of early rising Berliners were
forced to brave a driving rain to
get to work. Some preferred to
clrase taxicabs. Others dashed for
the nearest Stadtbahn station.
BERLIN, Nov. 3 (/P).— I The main
transportation system of Berlin —
the world's largest city—was para
lyzed today by a strike against wage
cuts and affecting 15,000 workers.
Only the state operated Stadt
bahn, a single link in the vast sys
tem, was running. As a result thou
sands of early rising Berliners were
forced to brave a driving rain to
get to work. Some preferred to
clrase taxicabs. Others dashed for
the nearest Stadtbahn station.
BERLIN, Nov. 3 (/P).— I The main
transportation system of Berlin —
the world's largest city—was para
lyzed today by a strike against wage
cuts and affecting 15,000 workers.
Only the state operated Stadt
bahn, a single link in the vast sys
tem, was running. As a result thou
sands of early rising Berliners were
forced to brave a driving rain to
get to work. Some preferred to
clrase taxicabs. Others dashed for
the nearest Stadtbahn station.
BERLIN, Nov. 3 (/P).— I The main
transportation system of Berlin —
the world's largest city—was para
lyzed today by a strike against wage
cuts and affecting 15,000 workers.
Only the state operated Stadt
bahn, a single link in the vast sys
tem, was running. As a result thou
sands of early rising Berliners were
forced to brave a driving rain to
get to work. Some preferred to
clrase taxicabs. Others dashed for
the nearest Stadtbahn station.
BERLIN, Nov. 3 (/P).— I The main
transportation system of Berlin —
the world's largest city—was para
lyzed today by a strike against wage
cuts and affecting 15,000 workers.
Only the state operated Stadt
bahn, a single link in the vast sys
tem, was running. As a result thou
sands of early rising Berliners were
forced to brave a driving rain to
get to work. Some preferred to
clrase taxicabs. Others dashed for
the nearest Stadtbahn station.
BERLIN, Nov. 3 (/P).— I The main
transportation system of Berlin —
the world's largest city—was para
lyzed today by a strike against wage
cuts and affecting 15,000 workers.
Only the state operated Stadt
bahn, a single link in the vast sys
tem, was running. As a result thou
sands of early rising Berliners were
forced to brave a driving rain to
get to work. Some preferred to
clrase taxicabs. Others dashed for
the nearest Stadtbahn station.
