# Artist's Work Offered With Quad Purchases
## 
### 
Circulation managers of the 1933
Quad, senior yearbook, inaugurate
today a special sale on the campus,
and announce that with each book
sold will go a free copy of the spe
cially printed view section.
This section, representing the
finest work of Richai'd Stephens,
famous San Francisco artist, will be
issued in a size suitable for fram
ing and in a limited edition outside
the covers of the regular Quad. It
will be printed on fine buff colored
India stock, and will consist of the
artist's interpretations of campus
scenes.
The special offer will be continued
only during the rest of this month,
officials said.
Circulation managers of the 1933
Quad, senior yearbook, inaugurate
today a special sale on the campus,
and announce that with each book
sold will go a free copy of the spe
cially printed view section.
This section, representing the
finest work of Richai'd Stephens,
famous San Francisco artist, will be
issued in a size suitable for fram
ing and in a limited edition outside
the covers of the regular Quad. It
will be printed on fine buff colored
India stock, and will consist of the
artist's interpretations of campus
scenes.
The special offer will be continued
only during the rest of this month,
officials said.
Circulation managers of the 1933
Quad, senior yearbook, inaugurate
today a special sale on the campus,
and announce that with each book
sold will go a free copy of the spe
cially printed view section.
This section, representing the
finest work of Richai'd Stephens,
famous San Francisco artist, will be
issued in a size suitable for fram
ing and in a limited edition outside
the covers of the regular Quad. It
will be printed on fine buff colored
India stock, and will consist of the
artist's interpretations of campus
scenes.
The special offer will be continued
only during the rest of this month,
officials said.
Circulation managers of the 1933
Quad, senior yearbook, inaugurate
today a special sale on the campus,
and announce that with each book
sold will go a free copy of the spe
cially printed view section.
This section, representing the
finest work of Richai'd Stephens,
famous San Francisco artist, will be
issued in a size suitable for fram
ing and in a limited edition outside
the covers of the regular Quad. It
will be printed on fine buff colored
India stock, and will consist of the
artist's interpretations of campus
scenes.
The special offer will be continued
only during the rest of this month,
officials said.
Circulation managers of the 1933
Quad, senior yearbook, inaugurate
today a special sale on the campus,
and announce that with each book
sold will go a free copy of the spe
cially printed view section.
This section, representing the
finest work of Richai'd Stephens,
famous San Francisco artist, will be
issued in a size suitable for fram
ing and in a limited edition outside
the covers of the regular Quad. It
will be printed on fine buff colored
India stock, and will consist of the
artist's interpretations of campus
scenes.
The special offer will be continued
only during the rest of this month,
officials said.
Circulation managers of the 1933
Quad, senior yearbook, inaugurate
today a special sale on the campus,
and announce that with each book
sold will go a free copy of the spe
cially printed view section.
This section, representing the
finest work of Richai'd Stephens,
famous San Francisco artist, will be
issued in a size suitable for fram
ing and in a limited edition outside
the covers of the regular Quad. It
will be printed on fine buff colored
India stock, and will consist of the
artist's interpretations of campus
scenes.
The special offer will be continued
only during the rest of this month,
officials said.
Circulation managers of the 1933
Quad, senior yearbook, inaugurate
today a special sale on the campus,
and announce that with each book
sold will go a free copy of the spe
cially printed view section.
This section, representing the
finest work of Richai'd Stephens,
famous San Francisco artist, will be
issued in a size suitable for fram
ing and in a limited edition outside
the covers of the regular Quad. It
will be printed on fine buff colored
India stock, and will consist of the
artist's interpretations of campus
scenes.
The special offer will be continued
only during the rest of this month,
officials said.
Circulation managers of the 1933
Quad, senior yearbook, inaugurate
today a special sale on the campus,
and announce that with each book
sold will go a free copy of the spe
cially printed view section.
This section, representing the
finest work of Richai'd Stephens,
famous San Francisco artist, will be
issued in a size suitable for fram
ing and in a limited edition outside
the covers of the regular Quad. It
will be printed on fine buff colored
India stock, and will consist of the
artist's interpretations of campus
scenes.
The special offer will be continued
only during the rest of this month,
officials said.
Circulation managers of the 1933
Quad, senior yearbook, inaugurate
today a special sale on the campus,
and announce that with each book
sold will go a free copy of the spe
cially printed view section.
This section, representing the
finest work of Richai'd Stephens,
famous San Francisco artist, will be
issued in a size suitable for fram
ing and in a limited edition outside
the covers of the regular Quad. It
will be printed on fine buff colored
India stock, and will consist of the
artist's interpretations of campus
scenes.
The special offer will be continued
only during the rest of this month,
officials said.
Circulation managers of the 1933
Quad, senior yearbook, inaugurate
today a special sale on the campus,
and announce that with each book
sold will go a free copy of the spe
cially printed view section.
This section, representing the
finest work of Richai'd Stephens,
famous San Francisco artist, will be
issued in a size suitable for fram
ing and in a limited edition outside
the covers of the regular Quad. It
will be printed on fine buff colored
India stock, and will consist of the
artist's interpretations of campus
scenes.
The special offer will be continued
only during the rest of this month,
officials said.
Circulation managers of the 1933
Quad, senior yearbook, inaugurate
today a special sale on the campus,
and announce that with each book
sold will go a free copy of the spe
cially printed view section.
This section, representing the
finest work of Richai'd Stephens,
famous San Francisco artist, will be
issued in a size suitable for fram
ing and in a limited edition outside
the covers of the regular Quad. It
will be printed on fine buff colored
India stock, and will consist of the
artist's interpretations of campus
scenes.
The special offer will be continued
only during the rest of this month,
officials said.
Circulation managers of the 1933
Quad, senior yearbook, inaugurate
today a special sale on the campus,
and announce that with each book
sold will go a free copy of the spe
cially printed view section.
This section, representing the
finest work of Richai'd Stephens,
famous San Francisco artist, will be
issued in a size suitable for fram
ing and in a limited edition outside
the covers of the regular Quad. It
will be printed on fine buff colored
India stock, and will consist of the
artist's interpretations of campus
scenes.
The special offer will be continued
only during the rest of this month,
officials said.
Circulation managers of the 1933
Quad, senior yearbook, inaugurate
today a special sale on the campus,
and announce that with each book
sold will go a free copy of the spe
cially printed view section.
This section, representing the
finest work of Richai'd Stephens,
famous San Francisco artist, will be
issued in a size suitable for fram
ing and in a limited edition outside
the covers of the regular Quad. It
will be printed on fine buff colored
India stock, and will consist of the
artist's interpretations of campus
scenes.
The special offer will be continued
only during the rest of this month,
officials said.
Circulation managers of the 1933
Quad, senior yearbook, inaugurate
today a special sale on the campus,
and announce that with each book
sold will go a free copy of the spe
cially printed view section.
This section, representing the
finest work of Richai'd Stephens,
famous San Francisco artist, will be
issued in a size suitable for fram
ing and in a limited edition outside
the covers of the regular Quad. It
will be printed on fine buff colored
India stock, and will consist of the
artist's interpretations of campus
scenes.
The special offer will be continued
only during the rest of this month,
officials said.
Circulation managers of the 1933
Quad, senior yearbook, inaugurate
today a special sale on the campus,
and announce that with each book
sold will go a free copy of the spe
cially printed view section.
This section, representing the
finest work of Richai'd Stephens,
famous San Francisco artist, will be
issued in a size suitable for fram
ing and in a limited edition outside
the covers of the regular Quad. It
will be printed on fine buff colored
India stock, and will consist of the
artist's interpretations of campus
scenes.
The special offer will be continued
only during the rest of this month,
officials said.
Circulation managers of the 1933
Quad, senior yearbook, inaugurate
today a special sale on the campus,
and announce that with each book
sold will go a free copy of the spe
cially printed view section.
This section, representing the
finest work of Richai'd Stephens,
famous San Francisco artist, will be
issued in a size suitable for fram
ing and in a limited edition outside
the covers of the regular Quad. It
will be printed on fine buff colored
India stock, and will consist of the
artist's interpretations of campus
scenes.
The special offer will be continued
only during the rest of this month,
officials said.
