# Seeks Reelection
## 
### 

Tasker L. Oddie, republican in
cumbent, seeks reelection to the
united States senate from Nevada.
' Associated Press Photo)

Tasker L. Oddie, republican in
cumbent, seeks reelection to the
united States senate from Nevada.
' Associated Press Photo)

Tasker L. Oddie, republican in
cumbent, seeks reelection to the
united States senate from Nevada.
' Associated Press Photo)

Tasker L. Oddie, republican in
cumbent, seeks reelection to the
united States senate from Nevada.
' Associated Press Photo)

Tasker L. Oddie, republican in
cumbent, seeks reelection to the
united States senate from Nevada.
' Associated Press Photo)

Tasker L. Oddie, republican in
cumbent, seeks reelection to the
united States senate from Nevada.
' Associated Press Photo)

Tasker L. Oddie, republican in
cumbent, seeks reelection to the
united States senate from Nevada.
' Associated Press Photo)

Tasker L. Oddie, republican in
cumbent, seeks reelection to the
united States senate from Nevada.
' Associated Press Photo)

Tasker L. Oddie, republican in
cumbent, seeks reelection to the
united States senate from Nevada.
' Associated Press Photo)

Tasker L. Oddie, republican in
cumbent, seeks reelection to the
united States senate from Nevada.
' Associated Press Photo)

Tasker L. Oddie, republican in
cumbent, seeks reelection to the
united States senate from Nevada.
' Associated Press Photo)

Tasker L. Oddie, republican in
cumbent, seeks reelection to the
united States senate from Nevada.
' Associated Press Photo)

Tasker L. Oddie, republican in
cumbent, seeks reelection to the
united States senate from Nevada.
' Associated Press Photo)

Tasker L. Oddie, republican in
cumbent, seeks reelection to the
united States senate from Nevada.
' Associated Press Photo)

Tasker L. Oddie, republican in
cumbent, seeks reelection to the
united States senate from Nevada.
' Associated Press Photo)

Tasker L. Oddie, republican in
cumbent, seeks reelection to the
united States senate from Nevada.
' Associated Press Photo)
