# CONTROL BOARD PASSES REVISED LIMITS CLAUSE
## House Managers Called To Consider New Auditing Arrangements MONTHLY FEE IS SET One Man May Be Hired To Keep All Books 
### 
Extending the number of pledges
allowed each fraternity from .10 to
12 the revised limitations clause of
the rushing rules was passed by the
Interfraternity Board of Control at
its meeting last night in the Old
Union. Equally important in the
opinion of Ike Livermore, chairman,
was the passing of a rule requiring
Â£i monthly audit from every house.
In connection with the auditing
problem which has been before the
Board and Council since last spring
it was decided to call a meeting of
liou.se managers on next Wednesday
for the purpose of agreeing on a uni
form auditing system for all fra
ternities.
The board also moved and passed
a regulation requiring all houses to
pay a monthly fee of $1 for review
ing financial reports.
In connection with the new rule
requiring a monthly audit from all
houses the board also suggested the
proposition that if 20 houses desired
it, a common auditor will be pro
vided, costing each house $9 a month.
This amount includes the $1 fee
charged for reviewing the monthly
accounts of the fraternity.
Livermore announces to the house
presidents that invitation cards will
be on sale Monday at the A.S.S.U.
office for the week-end rushing pe
riod, November 11 and 12. The first
midweek contact with the class of
1936 was yesterday and the day be
fore, permitting a freshman to visit
four houses if he wished.
