# Valuable Booklet Given to Baylor
## 
### 
An expensively bound first edi
tion of Dr. Dixon Wector's Sacra
mento speech commemorating IUO
years of writing in California has
been contributed to the Weetor
Collection at Baylor University.
Dr. C. D. Johnson, curator of the
collection, said that the valuable
booklet was the gift of Mrs. Edna
Yelland, former secretary of the
California Library Association, and
Donald I*. Bean, director of the
Stanford University Press, as a re
sult of a request by Baylor Libra
rian R. W. Severance during his re
cent vacation trip to the West
Coast.
An expensively bound first edi
tion of Dr. Dixon Wector's Sacra
mento speech commemorating IUO
years of writing in California has
been contributed to the Weetor
Collection at Baylor University.
Dr. C. D. Johnson, curator of the
collection, said that the valuable
booklet was the gift of Mrs. Edna
Yelland, former secretary of the
California Library Association, and
Donald I*. Bean, director of the
Stanford University Press, as a re
sult of a request by Baylor Libra
rian R. W. Severance during his re
cent vacation trip to the West
Coast.
An expensively bound first edi
tion of Dr. Dixon Wector's Sacra
mento speech commemorating IUO
years of writing in California has
been contributed to the Weetor
Collection at Baylor University.
Dr. C. D. Johnson, curator of the
collection, said that the valuable
booklet was the gift of Mrs. Edna
Yelland, former secretary of the
California Library Association, and
Donald I*. Bean, director of the
Stanford University Press, as a re
sult of a request by Baylor Libra
rian R. W. Severance during his re
cent vacation trip to the West
Coast.
An expensively bound first edi
tion of Dr. Dixon Wector's Sacra
mento speech commemorating IUO
years of writing in California has
been contributed to the Weetor
Collection at Baylor University.
Dr. C. D. Johnson, curator of the
collection, said that the valuable
booklet was the gift of Mrs. Edna
Yelland, former secretary of the
California Library Association, and
Donald I*. Bean, director of the
Stanford University Press, as a re
sult of a request by Baylor Libra
rian R. W. Severance during his re
cent vacation trip to the West
Coast.
An expensively bound first edi
tion of Dr. Dixon Wector's Sacra
mento speech commemorating IUO
years of writing in California has
been contributed to the Weetor
Collection at Baylor University.
Dr. C. D. Johnson, curator of the
collection, said that the valuable
booklet was the gift of Mrs. Edna
Yelland, former secretary of the
California Library Association, and
Donald I*. Bean, director of the
Stanford University Press, as a re
sult of a request by Baylor Libra
rian R. W. Severance during his re
cent vacation trip to the West
Coast.
An expensively bound first edi
tion of Dr. Dixon Wector's Sacra
mento speech commemorating IUO
years of writing in California has
been contributed to the Weetor
Collection at Baylor University.
Dr. C. D. Johnson, curator of the
collection, said that the valuable
booklet was the gift of Mrs. Edna
Yelland, former secretary of the
California Library Association, and
Donald I*. Bean, director of the
Stanford University Press, as a re
sult of a request by Baylor Libra
rian R. W. Severance during his re
cent vacation trip to the West
Coast.
An expensively bound first edi
tion of Dr. Dixon Wector's Sacra
mento speech commemorating IUO
years of writing in California has
been contributed to the Weetor
Collection at Baylor University.
Dr. C. D. Johnson, curator of the
collection, said that the valuable
booklet was the gift of Mrs. Edna
Yelland, former secretary of the
California Library Association, and
Donald I*. Bean, director of the
Stanford University Press, as a re
sult of a request by Baylor Libra
rian R. W. Severance during his re
cent vacation trip to the West
Coast.
An expensively bound first edi
tion of Dr. Dixon Wector's Sacra
mento speech commemorating IUO
years of writing in California has
been contributed to the Weetor
Collection at Baylor University.
Dr. C. D. Johnson, curator of the
collection, said that the valuable
booklet was the gift of Mrs. Edna
Yelland, former secretary of the
California Library Association, and
Donald I*. Bean, director of the
Stanford University Press, as a re
sult of a request by Baylor Libra
rian R. W. Severance during his re
cent vacation trip to the West
Coast.
An expensively bound first edi
tion of Dr. Dixon Wector's Sacra
mento speech commemorating IUO
years of writing in California has
been contributed to the Weetor
Collection at Baylor University.
Dr. C. D. Johnson, curator of the
collection, said that the valuable
booklet was the gift of Mrs. Edna
Yelland, former secretary of the
California Library Association, and
Donald I*. Bean, director of the
Stanford University Press, as a re
sult of a request by Baylor Libra
rian R. W. Severance during his re
cent vacation trip to the West
Coast.
An expensively bound first edi
tion of Dr. Dixon Wector's Sacra
mento speech commemorating IUO
years of writing in California has
been contributed to the Weetor
Collection at Baylor University.
Dr. C. D. Johnson, curator of the
collection, said that the valuable
booklet was the gift of Mrs. Edna
Yelland, former secretary of the
California Library Association, and
Donald I*. Bean, director of the
Stanford University Press, as a re
sult of a request by Baylor Libra
rian R. W. Severance during his re
cent vacation trip to the West
Coast.
An expensively bound first edi
tion of Dr. Dixon Wector's Sacra
mento speech commemorating IUO
years of writing in California has
been contributed to the Weetor
Collection at Baylor University.
Dr. C. D. Johnson, curator of the
collection, said that the valuable
booklet was the gift of Mrs. Edna
Yelland, former secretary of the
California Library Association, and
Donald I*. Bean, director of the
Stanford University Press, as a re
sult of a request by Baylor Libra
rian R. W. Severance during his re
cent vacation trip to the West
Coast.
An expensively bound first edi
tion of Dr. Dixon Wector's Sacra
mento speech commemorating IUO
years of writing in California has
been contributed to the Weetor
Collection at Baylor University.
Dr. C. D. Johnson, curator of the
collection, said that the valuable
booklet was the gift of Mrs. Edna
Yelland, former secretary of the
California Library Association, and
Donald I*. Bean, director of the
Stanford University Press, as a re
sult of a request by Baylor Libra
rian R. W. Severance during his re
cent vacation trip to the West
Coast.
An expensively bound first edi
tion of Dr. Dixon Wector's Sacra
mento speech commemorating IUO
years of writing in California has
been contributed to the Weetor
Collection at Baylor University.
Dr. C. D. Johnson, curator of the
collection, said that the valuable
booklet was the gift of Mrs. Edna
Yelland, former secretary of the
California Library Association, and
Donald I*. Bean, director of the
Stanford University Press, as a re
sult of a request by Baylor Libra
rian R. W. Severance during his re
cent vacation trip to the West
Coast.
An expensively bound first edi
tion of Dr. Dixon Wector's Sacra
mento speech commemorating IUO
years of writing in California has
been contributed to the Weetor
Collection at Baylor University.
Dr. C. D. Johnson, curator of the
collection, said that the valuable
booklet was the gift of Mrs. Edna
Yelland, former secretary of the
California Library Association, and
Donald I*. Bean, director of the
Stanford University Press, as a re
sult of a request by Baylor Libra
rian R. W. Severance during his re
cent vacation trip to the West
Coast.
An expensively bound first edi
tion of Dr. Dixon Wector's Sacra
mento speech commemorating IUO
years of writing in California has
been contributed to the Weetor
Collection at Baylor University.
Dr. C. D. Johnson, curator of the
collection, said that the valuable
booklet was the gift of Mrs. Edna
Yelland, former secretary of the
California Library Association, and
Donald I*. Bean, director of the
Stanford University Press, as a re
sult of a request by Baylor Libra
rian R. W. Severance during his re
cent vacation trip to the West
Coast.
