# Athletes of the Week
## 
### 
With winter here, students have moved
indoors to beat the elements. Another reason
to go indoors is to find the Athletes of the
Week: Evon Asforis and Todd Lichti of the
women's and men's basketball teams.
Asforis, a 6-foot-2 senior forward from
Queens Village, N.Y., led the seventh-ranked
Cardinal squad to two more victories over
the weekend by scoring 21 points and pulling
down 14 rebounds.

Friday, against Washington State, Asforis
came off the bench to notch four steals and
12 points, making her one of four players
in double figures in the easy 89-60 win at
Maples Pavilion.
The following evening Stanford faced
Washington, the team picked to win the
Pacific 10 Conference in the preseason
coaches poll.
Again, Asforis was a non-starter. But she
was a key cog in the Cardinal machine,
logging 34 minutes while scoring nine points
and grabbing an equal number of rebounds.
Asforis and her teammates snatched sole
possesion of first place in the conference
with a 72-60 win.
0 0 0
Lichti, a 6-4 senior guard from Concord,
Calif., captured the award for a second
straight week.
The Cardinal's all-time leading scorer,
Lichti pumped in 49 points on 17-of-29
shooting as Stanford exorcised the road
demons hopefully once and for all in sweep
ing the Washington schools for the first time
in 29 years.
Thursday, Lichti scored 21 second-half
points en route to a game-high 28. His game
winning short bank shot at the buzzer gave
the Cardinal a heart-stopping 71-69 win over
the Huskies.
Saturday, the Cardinal beat the Cougars
going away, 85-43. Lichti scored 21 in that

contest.
He was nosed out for a third-straight
Pac-10 Player-of-the-Week award by Arizo
na's Anthony Cook.
Lichti is riding a streak in which he has
sunk 35 straight free throws (tying his own
school record). The conference record is 40.
For the season, Lichti is scoring 21.1
points per game and shooting a stellar 62
percent from the field.


Evon Asforls
Cardinal's "sixth woman"


Todd Lichti
35 straight free throws
