# Applications Due For Big Game Dinner Dance
## 
### 
Both students and alumni are to be
guests at the Big Game dinner dance in
the Pavilion Saturday evening. This
Stanford gathering is planned in order
to centralize the Big Game celebration
on the campus, instead of at the Fair
mont hotel in San Francisco. It is urged
that reservations be made by tomorrow,
so that dinner arrangements can be com
pleted.
Thus the Pavilion will be the place of
attraction for visitors as well as mem
bers of the University. After the Rams
Head show, special late admission to the
dance has been arranged to accommodate
the theater-goers. In order that those
enjoying the early dinner dance may be
compensated for missing the "Football
Frothies," special entertainment has been
provided during intermissions.
Applications are to be made through
J. E. McDowell, alumni secretary.
Charges are $2.25 per plate. General ad
mission to the dance after 10:30 is $1.
Both students and alumni are to be
guests at the Big Game dinner dance in
the Pavilion Saturday evening. This
Stanford gathering is planned in order
to centralize the Big Game celebration
on the campus, instead of at the Fair
mont hotel in San Francisco. It is urged
that reservations be made by tomorrow,
so that dinner arrangements can be com
pleted.
Thus the Pavilion will be the place of
attraction for visitors as well as mem
bers of the University. After the Rams
Head show, special late admission to the
dance has been arranged to accommodate
the theater-goers. In order that those
enjoying the early dinner dance may be
compensated for missing the "Football
Frothies," special entertainment has been
provided during intermissions.
Applications are to be made through
J. E. McDowell, alumni secretary.
Charges are $2.25 per plate. General ad
mission to the dance after 10:30 is $1.
Both students and alumni are to be
guests at the Big Game dinner dance in
the Pavilion Saturday evening. This
Stanford gathering is planned in order
to centralize the Big Game celebration
on the campus, instead of at the Fair
mont hotel in San Francisco. It is urged
that reservations be made by tomorrow,
so that dinner arrangements can be com
pleted.
Thus the Pavilion will be the place of
attraction for visitors as well as mem
bers of the University. After the Rams
Head show, special late admission to the
dance has been arranged to accommodate
the theater-goers. In order that those
enjoying the early dinner dance may be
compensated for missing the "Football
Frothies," special entertainment has been
provided during intermissions.
Applications are to be made through
J. E. McDowell, alumni secretary.
Charges are $2.25 per plate. General ad
mission to the dance after 10:30 is $1.
Both students and alumni are to be
guests at the Big Game dinner dance in
the Pavilion Saturday evening. This
Stanford gathering is planned in order
to centralize the Big Game celebration
on the campus, instead of at the Fair
mont hotel in San Francisco. It is urged
that reservations be made by tomorrow,
so that dinner arrangements can be com
pleted.
Thus the Pavilion will be the place of
attraction for visitors as well as mem
bers of the University. After the Rams
Head show, special late admission to the
dance has been arranged to accommodate
the theater-goers. In order that those
enjoying the early dinner dance may be
compensated for missing the "Football
Frothies," special entertainment has been
provided during intermissions.
Applications are to be made through
J. E. McDowell, alumni secretary.
Charges are $2.25 per plate. General ad
mission to the dance after 10:30 is $1.
Both students and alumni are to be
guests at the Big Game dinner dance in
the Pavilion Saturday evening. This
Stanford gathering is planned in order
to centralize the Big Game celebration
on the campus, instead of at the Fair
mont hotel in San Francisco. It is urged
that reservations be made by tomorrow,
so that dinner arrangements can be com
pleted.
Thus the Pavilion will be the place of
attraction for visitors as well as mem
bers of the University. After the Rams
Head show, special late admission to the
dance has been arranged to accommodate
the theater-goers. In order that those
enjoying the early dinner dance may be
compensated for missing the "Football
Frothies," special entertainment has been
provided during intermissions.
Applications are to be made through
J. E. McDowell, alumni secretary.
Charges are $2.25 per plate. General ad
mission to the dance after 10:30 is $1.
Both students and alumni are to be
guests at the Big Game dinner dance in
the Pavilion Saturday evening. This
Stanford gathering is planned in order
to centralize the Big Game celebration
on the campus, instead of at the Fair
mont hotel in San Francisco. It is urged
that reservations be made by tomorrow,
so that dinner arrangements can be com
pleted.
Thus the Pavilion will be the place of
attraction for visitors as well as mem
bers of the University. After the Rams
Head show, special late admission to the
dance has been arranged to accommodate
the theater-goers. In order that those
enjoying the early dinner dance may be
compensated for missing the "Football
Frothies," special entertainment has been
provided during intermissions.
Applications are to be made through
J. E. McDowell, alumni secretary.
Charges are $2.25 per plate. General ad
mission to the dance after 10:30 is $1.
Both students and alumni are to be
guests at the Big Game dinner dance in
the Pavilion Saturday evening. This
Stanford gathering is planned in order
to centralize the Big Game celebration
on the campus, instead of at the Fair
mont hotel in San Francisco. It is urged
that reservations be made by tomorrow,
so that dinner arrangements can be com
pleted.
Thus the Pavilion will be the place of
attraction for visitors as well as mem
bers of the University. After the Rams
Head show, special late admission to the
dance has been arranged to accommodate
the theater-goers. In order that those
enjoying the early dinner dance may be
compensated for missing the "Football
Frothies," special entertainment has been
provided during intermissions.
Applications are to be made through
J. E. McDowell, alumni secretary.
Charges are $2.25 per plate. General ad
mission to the dance after 10:30 is $1.
Both students and alumni are to be
guests at the Big Game dinner dance in
the Pavilion Saturday evening. This
Stanford gathering is planned in order
to centralize the Big Game celebration
on the campus, instead of at the Fair
mont hotel in San Francisco. It is urged
that reservations be made by tomorrow,
so that dinner arrangements can be com
pleted.
Thus the Pavilion will be the place of
attraction for visitors as well as mem
bers of the University. After the Rams
Head show, special late admission to the
dance has been arranged to accommodate
the theater-goers. In order that those
enjoying the early dinner dance may be
compensated for missing the "Football
Frothies," special entertainment has been
provided during intermissions.
Applications are to be made through
J. E. McDowell, alumni secretary.
Charges are $2.25 per plate. General ad
mission to the dance after 10:30 is $1.
Both students and alumni are to be
guests at the Big Game dinner dance in
the Pavilion Saturday evening. This
Stanford gathering is planned in order
to centralize the Big Game celebration
on the campus, instead of at the Fair
mont hotel in San Francisco. It is urged
that reservations be made by tomorrow,
so that dinner arrangements can be com
pleted.
Thus the Pavilion will be the place of
attraction for visitors as well as mem
bers of the University. After the Rams
Head show, special late admission to the
dance has been arranged to accommodate
the theater-goers. In order that those
enjoying the early dinner dance may be
compensated for missing the "Football
Frothies," special entertainment has been
provided during intermissions.
Applications are to be made through
J. E. McDowell, alumni secretary.
Charges are $2.25 per plate. General ad
mission to the dance after 10:30 is $1.
Both students and alumni are to be
guests at the Big Game dinner dance in
the Pavilion Saturday evening. This
Stanford gathering is planned in order
to centralize the Big Game celebration
on the campus, instead of at the Fair
mont hotel in San Francisco. It is urged
that reservations be made by tomorrow,
so that dinner arrangements can be com
pleted.
Thus the Pavilion will be the place of
attraction for visitors as well as mem
bers of the University. After the Rams
Head show, special late admission to the
dance has been arranged to accommodate
the theater-goers. In order that those
enjoying the early dinner dance may be
compensated for missing the "Football
Frothies," special entertainment has been
provided during intermissions.
Applications are to be made through
J. E. McDowell, alumni secretary.
Charges are $2.25 per plate. General ad
mission to the dance after 10:30 is $1.
Both students and alumni are to be
guests at the Big Game dinner dance in
the Pavilion Saturday evening. This
Stanford gathering is planned in order
to centralize the Big Game celebration
on the campus, instead of at the Fair
mont hotel in San Francisco. It is urged
that reservations be made by tomorrow,
so that dinner arrangements can be com
pleted.
Thus the Pavilion will be the place of
attraction for visitors as well as mem
bers of the University. After the Rams
Head show, special late admission to the
dance has been arranged to accommodate
the theater-goers. In order that those
enjoying the early dinner dance may be
compensated for missing the "Football
Frothies," special entertainment has been
provided during intermissions.
Applications are to be made through
J. E. McDowell, alumni secretary.
Charges are $2.25 per plate. General ad
mission to the dance after 10:30 is $1.
Both students and alumni are to be
guests at the Big Game dinner dance in
the Pavilion Saturday evening. This
Stanford gathering is planned in order
to centralize the Big Game celebration
on the campus, instead of at the Fair
mont hotel in San Francisco. It is urged
that reservations be made by tomorrow,
so that dinner arrangements can be com
pleted.
Thus the Pavilion will be the place of
attraction for visitors as well as mem
bers of the University. After the Rams
Head show, special late admission to the
dance has been arranged to accommodate
the theater-goers. In order that those
enjoying the early dinner dance may be
compensated for missing the "Football
Frothies," special entertainment has been
provided during intermissions.
Applications are to be made through
J. E. McDowell, alumni secretary.
Charges are $2.25 per plate. General ad
mission to the dance after 10:30 is $1.
Both students and alumni are to be
guests at the Big Game dinner dance in
the Pavilion Saturday evening. This
Stanford gathering is planned in order
to centralize the Big Game celebration
on the campus, instead of at the Fair
mont hotel in San Francisco. It is urged
that reservations be made by tomorrow,
so that dinner arrangements can be com
pleted.
Thus the Pavilion will be the place of
attraction for visitors as well as mem
bers of the University. After the Rams
Head show, special late admission to the
dance has been arranged to accommodate
the theater-goers. In order that those
enjoying the early dinner dance may be
compensated for missing the "Football
Frothies," special entertainment has been
provided during intermissions.
Applications are to be made through
J. E. McDowell, alumni secretary.
Charges are $2.25 per plate. General ad
mission to the dance after 10:30 is $1.
Both students and alumni are to be
guests at the Big Game dinner dance in
the Pavilion Saturday evening. This
Stanford gathering is planned in order
to centralize the Big Game celebration
on the campus, instead of at the Fair
mont hotel in San Francisco. It is urged
that reservations be made by tomorrow,
so that dinner arrangements can be com
pleted.
Thus the Pavilion will be the place of
attraction for visitors as well as mem
bers of the University. After the Rams
Head show, special late admission to the
dance has been arranged to accommodate
the theater-goers. In order that those
enjoying the early dinner dance may be
compensated for missing the "Football
Frothies," special entertainment has been
provided during intermissions.
Applications are to be made through
J. E. McDowell, alumni secretary.
Charges are $2.25 per plate. General ad
mission to the dance after 10:30 is $1.
