# BONFIRE COMPLETED; SEQUOIA COFFIN WILL BE MOUNTED TONIGHT
## 
### 
The freshman bonfire is practically
complete, and it is chock-full of wood
for every foot of its fifty-four. The
Sequoia funeral procession will place
the coffin on top of the pyramid about
9 o'clock tonight.
The top of the inclined runway was
passed Monday, and since then ma
terial has been passed up hand over
hand by fieshmen tied to the side of
the pile. Sophomores in charge state
that although the fire is not as high
as last year's, it is more compact. Not
so many were used in its con
struction with the result that more
inllammables per cubic foot are in
cluded.
About four hundred gallons of waste
crank-case oil have been collected
from Palo Alto garages and the Cor
poration yards, of which half has been
poured on. The remainder will be add
ed just before the rally Thursday
night. X
The bonfire has been guarded since
Sunday night, the freshmen doing two
shifts of three hours each. Sopho
mores from Encina were in charge
Monday night; from Sequoia, Tuesday,
and from the Row, tonight.
According to Gurdon Steele, '25, who
is head .slave-driver, Ithe freshmen
have turned out pretty well. Delin
quents can work off time during va
cant periods tomorrow, but those not
completing their required number of
hours will have to saw wood at the
Convalescent Home.
The freshman bonfire is practically
complete, and it is chock-full of wood
for every foot of its fifty-four. The
Sequoia funeral procession will place
the coffin on top of the pyramid about
9 o'clock tonight.
The top of the inclined runway was
passed Monday, and since then ma
terial has been passed up hand over
hand by fieshmen tied to the side of
the pile. Sophomores in charge state
that although the fire is not as high
as last year's, it is more compact. Not
so many were used in its con
struction with the result that more
inllammables per cubic foot are in
cluded.
About four hundred gallons of waste
crank-case oil have been collected
from Palo Alto garages and the Cor
poration yards, of which half has been
poured on. The remainder will be add
ed just before the rally Thursday
night. X
The bonfire has been guarded since
Sunday night, the freshmen doing two
shifts of three hours each. Sopho
mores from Encina were in charge
Monday night; from Sequoia, Tuesday,
and from the Row, tonight.
According to Gurdon Steele, '25, who
is head .slave-driver, Ithe freshmen
have turned out pretty well. Delin
quents can work off time during va
cant periods tomorrow, but those not
completing their required number of
hours will have to saw wood at the
Convalescent Home.
The freshman bonfire is practically
complete, and it is chock-full of wood
for every foot of its fifty-four. The
Sequoia funeral procession will place
the coffin on top of the pyramid about
9 o'clock tonight.
The top of the inclined runway was
passed Monday, and since then ma
terial has been passed up hand over
hand by fieshmen tied to the side of
the pile. Sophomores in charge state
that although the fire is not as high
as last year's, it is more compact. Not
so many were used in its con
struction with the result that more
inllammables per cubic foot are in
cluded.
About four hundred gallons of waste
crank-case oil have been collected
from Palo Alto garages and the Cor
poration yards, of which half has been
poured on. The remainder will be add
ed just before the rally Thursday
night. X
The bonfire has been guarded since
Sunday night, the freshmen doing two
shifts of three hours each. Sopho
mores from Encina were in charge
Monday night; from Sequoia, Tuesday,
and from the Row, tonight.
According to Gurdon Steele, '25, who
is head .slave-driver, Ithe freshmen
have turned out pretty well. Delin
quents can work off time during va
cant periods tomorrow, but those not
completing their required number of
hours will have to saw wood at the
Convalescent Home.
The freshman bonfire is practically
complete, and it is chock-full of wood
for every foot of its fifty-four. The
Sequoia funeral procession will place
the coffin on top of the pyramid about
9 o'clock tonight.
The top of the inclined runway was
passed Monday, and since then ma
terial has been passed up hand over
hand by fieshmen tied to the side of
the pile. Sophomores in charge state
that although the fire is not as high
as last year's, it is more compact. Not
so many were used in its con
struction with the result that more
inllammables per cubic foot are in
cluded.
About four hundred gallons of waste
crank-case oil have been collected
from Palo Alto garages and the Cor
poration yards, of which half has been
poured on. The remainder will be add
ed just before the rally Thursday
night. X
The bonfire has been guarded since
Sunday night, the freshmen doing two
shifts of three hours each. Sopho
mores from Encina were in charge
Monday night; from Sequoia, Tuesday,
and from the Row, tonight.
According to Gurdon Steele, '25, who
is head .slave-driver, Ithe freshmen
have turned out pretty well. Delin
quents can work off time during va
cant periods tomorrow, but those not
completing their required number of
hours will have to saw wood at the
Convalescent Home.
The freshman bonfire is practically
complete, and it is chock-full of wood
for every foot of its fifty-four. The
Sequoia funeral procession will place
the coffin on top of the pyramid about
9 o'clock tonight.
The top of the inclined runway was
passed Monday, and since then ma
terial has been passed up hand over
hand by fieshmen tied to the side of
the pile. Sophomores in charge state
that although the fire is not as high
as last year's, it is more compact. Not
so many were used in its con
struction with the result that more
inllammables per cubic foot are in
cluded.
About four hundred gallons of waste
crank-case oil have been collected
from Palo Alto garages and the Cor
poration yards, of which half has been
poured on. The remainder will be add
ed just before the rally Thursday
night. X
The bonfire has been guarded since
Sunday night, the freshmen doing two
shifts of three hours each. Sopho
mores from Encina were in charge
Monday night; from Sequoia, Tuesday,
and from the Row, tonight.
According to Gurdon Steele, '25, who
is head .slave-driver, Ithe freshmen
have turned out pretty well. Delin
quents can work off time during va
cant periods tomorrow, but those not
completing their required number of
hours will have to saw wood at the
Convalescent Home.
The freshman bonfire is practically
complete, and it is chock-full of wood
for every foot of its fifty-four. The
Sequoia funeral procession will place
the coffin on top of the pyramid about
9 o'clock tonight.
The top of the inclined runway was
passed Monday, and since then ma
terial has been passed up hand over
hand by fieshmen tied to the side of
the pile. Sophomores in charge state
that although the fire is not as high
as last year's, it is more compact. Not
so many were used in its con
struction with the result that more
inllammables per cubic foot are in
cluded.
About four hundred gallons of waste
crank-case oil have been collected
from Palo Alto garages and the Cor
poration yards, of which half has been
poured on. The remainder will be add
ed just before the rally Thursday
night. X
The bonfire has been guarded since
Sunday night, the freshmen doing two
shifts of three hours each. Sopho
mores from Encina were in charge
Monday night; from Sequoia, Tuesday,
and from the Row, tonight.
According to Gurdon Steele, '25, who
is head .slave-driver, Ithe freshmen
have turned out pretty well. Delin
quents can work off time during va
cant periods tomorrow, but those not
completing their required number of
hours will have to saw wood at the
Convalescent Home.
The freshman bonfire is practically
complete, and it is chock-full of wood
for every foot of its fifty-four. The
Sequoia funeral procession will place
the coffin on top of the pyramid about
9 o'clock tonight.
The top of the inclined runway was
passed Monday, and since then ma
terial has been passed up hand over
hand by fieshmen tied to the side of
the pile. Sophomores in charge state
that although the fire is not as high
as last year's, it is more compact. Not
so many were used in its con
struction with the result that more
inllammables per cubic foot are in
cluded.
About four hundred gallons of waste
crank-case oil have been collected
from Palo Alto garages and the Cor
poration yards, of which half has been
poured on. The remainder will be add
ed just before the rally Thursday
night. X
The bonfire has been guarded since
Sunday night, the freshmen doing two
shifts of three hours each. Sopho
mores from Encina were in charge
Monday night; from Sequoia, Tuesday,
and from the Row, tonight.
According to Gurdon Steele, '25, who
is head .slave-driver, Ithe freshmen
have turned out pretty well. Delin
quents can work off time during va
cant periods tomorrow, but those not
completing their required number of
hours will have to saw wood at the
Convalescent Home.
The freshman bonfire is practically
complete, and it is chock-full of wood
for every foot of its fifty-four. The
Sequoia funeral procession will place
the coffin on top of the pyramid about
9 o'clock tonight.
The top of the inclined runway was
passed Monday, and since then ma
terial has been passed up hand over
hand by fieshmen tied to the side of
the pile. Sophomores in charge state
that although the fire is not as high
as last year's, it is more compact. Not
so many were used in its con
struction with the result that more
inllammables per cubic foot are in
cluded.
About four hundred gallons of waste
crank-case oil have been collected
from Palo Alto garages and the Cor
poration yards, of which half has been
poured on. The remainder will be add
ed just before the rally Thursday
night. X
The bonfire has been guarded since
Sunday night, the freshmen doing two
shifts of three hours each. Sopho
mores from Encina were in charge
Monday night; from Sequoia, Tuesday,
and from the Row, tonight.
According to Gurdon Steele, '25, who
is head .slave-driver, Ithe freshmen
have turned out pretty well. Delin
quents can work off time during va
cant periods tomorrow, but those not
completing their required number of
hours will have to saw wood at the
Convalescent Home.
The freshman bonfire is practically
complete, and it is chock-full of wood
for every foot of its fifty-four. The
Sequoia funeral procession will place
the coffin on top of the pyramid about
9 o'clock tonight.
The top of the inclined runway was
passed Monday, and since then ma
terial has been passed up hand over
hand by fieshmen tied to the side of
the pile. Sophomores in charge state
that although the fire is not as high
as last year's, it is more compact. Not
so many were used in its con
struction with the result that more
inllammables per cubic foot are in
cluded.
About four hundred gallons of waste
crank-case oil have been collected
from Palo Alto garages and the Cor
poration yards, of which half has been
poured on. The remainder will be add
ed just before the rally Thursday
night. X
The bonfire has been guarded since
Sunday night, the freshmen doing two
shifts of three hours each. Sopho
mores from Encina were in charge
Monday night; from Sequoia, Tuesday,
and from the Row, tonight.
According to Gurdon Steele, '25, who
is head .slave-driver, Ithe freshmen
have turned out pretty well. Delin
quents can work off time during va
cant periods tomorrow, but those not
completing their required number of
hours will have to saw wood at the
Convalescent Home.
The freshman bonfire is practically
complete, and it is chock-full of wood
for every foot of its fifty-four. The
Sequoia funeral procession will place
the coffin on top of the pyramid about
9 o'clock tonight.
The top of the inclined runway was
passed Monday, and since then ma
terial has been passed up hand over
hand by fieshmen tied to the side of
the pile. Sophomores in charge state
that although the fire is not as high
as last year's, it is more compact. Not
so many were used in its con
struction with the result that more
inllammables per cubic foot are in
cluded.
About four hundred gallons of waste
crank-case oil have been collected
from Palo Alto garages and the Cor
poration yards, of which half has been
poured on. The remainder will be add
ed just before the rally Thursday
night. X
The bonfire has been guarded since
Sunday night, the freshmen doing two
shifts of three hours each. Sopho
mores from Encina were in charge
Monday night; from Sequoia, Tuesday,
and from the Row, tonight.
According to Gurdon Steele, '25, who
is head .slave-driver, Ithe freshmen
have turned out pretty well. Delin
quents can work off time during va
cant periods tomorrow, but those not
completing their required number of
hours will have to saw wood at the
Convalescent Home.
The freshman bonfire is practically
complete, and it is chock-full of wood
for every foot of its fifty-four. The
Sequoia funeral procession will place
the coffin on top of the pyramid about
9 o'clock tonight.
The top of the inclined runway was
passed Monday, and since then ma
terial has been passed up hand over
hand by fieshmen tied to the side of
the pile. Sophomores in charge state
that although the fire is not as high
as last year's, it is more compact. Not
so many were used in its con
struction with the result that more
inllammables per cubic foot are in
cluded.
About four hundred gallons of waste
crank-case oil have been collected
from Palo Alto garages and the Cor
poration yards, of which half has been
poured on. The remainder will be add
ed just before the rally Thursday
night. X
The bonfire has been guarded since
Sunday night, the freshmen doing two
shifts of three hours each. Sopho
mores from Encina were in charge
Monday night; from Sequoia, Tuesday,
and from the Row, tonight.
According to Gurdon Steele, '25, who
is head .slave-driver, Ithe freshmen
have turned out pretty well. Delin
quents can work off time during va
cant periods tomorrow, but those not
completing their required number of
hours will have to saw wood at the
Convalescent Home.
The freshman bonfire is practically
complete, and it is chock-full of wood
for every foot of its fifty-four. The
Sequoia funeral procession will place
the coffin on top of the pyramid about
9 o'clock tonight.
The top of the inclined runway was
passed Monday, and since then ma
terial has been passed up hand over
hand by fieshmen tied to the side of
the pile. Sophomores in charge state
that although the fire is not as high
as last year's, it is more compact. Not
so many were used in its con
struction with the result that more
inllammables per cubic foot are in
cluded.
About four hundred gallons of waste
crank-case oil have been collected
from Palo Alto garages and the Cor
poration yards, of which half has been
poured on. The remainder will be add
ed just before the rally Thursday
night. X
The bonfire has been guarded since
Sunday night, the freshmen doing two
shifts of three hours each. Sopho
mores from Encina were in charge
Monday night; from Sequoia, Tuesday,
and from the Row, tonight.
According to Gurdon Steele, '25, who
is head .slave-driver, Ithe freshmen
have turned out pretty well. Delin
quents can work off time during va
cant periods tomorrow, but those not
completing their required number of
hours will have to saw wood at the
Convalescent Home.
The freshman bonfire is practically
complete, and it is chock-full of wood
for every foot of its fifty-four. The
Sequoia funeral procession will place
the coffin on top of the pyramid about
9 o'clock tonight.
The top of the inclined runway was
passed Monday, and since then ma
terial has been passed up hand over
hand by fieshmen tied to the side of
the pile. Sophomores in charge state
that although the fire is not as high
as last year's, it is more compact. Not
so many were used in its con
struction with the result that more
inllammables per cubic foot are in
cluded.
About four hundred gallons of waste
crank-case oil have been collected
from Palo Alto garages and the Cor
poration yards, of which half has been
poured on. The remainder will be add
ed just before the rally Thursday
night. X
The bonfire has been guarded since
Sunday night, the freshmen doing two
shifts of three hours each. Sopho
mores from Encina were in charge
Monday night; from Sequoia, Tuesday,
and from the Row, tonight.
According to Gurdon Steele, '25, who
is head .slave-driver, Ithe freshmen
have turned out pretty well. Delin
quents can work off time during va
cant periods tomorrow, but those not
completing their required number of
hours will have to saw wood at the
Convalescent Home.
The freshman bonfire is practically
complete, and it is chock-full of wood
for every foot of its fifty-four. The
Sequoia funeral procession will place
the coffin on top of the pyramid about
9 o'clock tonight.
The top of the inclined runway was
passed Monday, and since then ma
terial has been passed up hand over
hand by fieshmen tied to the side of
the pile. Sophomores in charge state
that although the fire is not as high
as last year's, it is more compact. Not
so many were used in its con
struction with the result that more
inllammables per cubic foot are in
cluded.
About four hundred gallons of waste
crank-case oil have been collected
from Palo Alto garages and the Cor
poration yards, of which half has been
poured on. The remainder will be add
ed just before the rally Thursday
night. X
The bonfire has been guarded since
Sunday night, the freshmen doing two
shifts of three hours each. Sopho
mores from Encina were in charge
Monday night; from Sequoia, Tuesday,
and from the Row, tonight.
According to Gurdon Steele, '25, who
is head .slave-driver, Ithe freshmen
have turned out pretty well. Delin
quents can work off time during va
cant periods tomorrow, but those not
completing their required number of
hours will have to saw wood at the
Convalescent Home.
