# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Associated Press
Missile money
This commemorative coin, produced In cooperation with the
Moscow mint, Is made from the skins of missiles disarmed
under the 1987 Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces Treaty.
About 54,000 have been sold at $50 each. Some of the pro
ceeds will go to charity.

Associated Press
Missile money
This commemorative coin, produced In cooperation with the
Moscow mint, Is made from the skins of missiles disarmed
under the 1987 Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces Treaty.
About 54,000 have been sold at $50 each. Some of the pro
ceeds will go to charity.

Associated Press
Missile money
This commemorative coin, produced In cooperation with the
Moscow mint, Is made from the skins of missiles disarmed
under the 1987 Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces Treaty.
About 54,000 have been sold at $50 each. Some of the pro
ceeds will go to charity.

Associated Press
Missile money
This commemorative coin, produced In cooperation with the
Moscow mint, Is made from the skins of missiles disarmed
under the 1987 Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces Treaty.
About 54,000 have been sold at $50 each. Some of the pro
ceeds will go to charity.

Associated Press
Missile money
This commemorative coin, produced In cooperation with the
Moscow mint, Is made from the skins of missiles disarmed
under the 1987 Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces Treaty.
About 54,000 have been sold at $50 each. Some of the pro
ceeds will go to charity.

Associated Press
Missile money
This commemorative coin, produced In cooperation with the
Moscow mint, Is made from the skins of missiles disarmed
under the 1987 Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces Treaty.
About 54,000 have been sold at $50 each. Some of the pro
ceeds will go to charity.

Associated Press
Missile money
This commemorative coin, produced In cooperation with the
Moscow mint, Is made from the skins of missiles disarmed
under the 1987 Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces Treaty.
About 54,000 have been sold at $50 each. Some of the pro
ceeds will go to charity.
