# Hayes On TV
## 
### 
Stanford administrators have
done "damned little" to meet the
demands of dissatisfied stu
dents, according to ASSU Presi
dent Denis Hayes.
Featured on a nation-wide
CBS television report on student
activism yesterday morning,
Hayes said that In his opinion
Stanford has greater potential
for disorder than Columbia had
last spring.
Hayes tied increasing oolitlcal
activism on the campus to "iner
tia" on the part of the Univer
sity administration.
Hayes and Religion Professor
William Clebsch were Inter
viewed by CBS correspondent
Terry Drinkwater in the se
quence, filmed last week.
Clebsch spoke approvingly of
student "restlessness." He said
that without restlessness on the
part of various groups within
the university community, Stan
ford would be dead.
