# Japanese Graduate Dies.
## 
### 
Masashi Yoshimi, '05, died suddenly
last Thursday and was buried in San
Francisco on Sunday. The deceased
received his A. M. degree at Califor
nia last April.
Masashi Yoshimi, '05, died suddenly
last Thursday and was buried in San
Francisco on Sunday. The deceased
received his A. M. degree at Califor
nia last April.
Masashi Yoshimi, '05, died suddenly
last Thursday and was buried in San
Francisco on Sunday. The deceased
received his A. M. degree at Califor
nia last April.
Masashi Yoshimi, '05, died suddenly
last Thursday and was buried in San
Francisco on Sunday. The deceased
received his A. M. degree at Califor
nia last April.
Masashi Yoshimi, '05, died suddenly
last Thursday and was buried in San
Francisco on Sunday. The deceased
received his A. M. degree at Califor
nia last April.
Masashi Yoshimi, '05, died suddenly
last Thursday and was buried in San
Francisco on Sunday. The deceased
received his A. M. degree at Califor
nia last April.
Masashi Yoshimi, '05, died suddenly
last Thursday and was buried in San
Francisco on Sunday. The deceased
received his A. M. degree at Califor
nia last April.
Masashi Yoshimi, '05, died suddenly
last Thursday and was buried in San
Francisco on Sunday. The deceased
received his A. M. degree at Califor
nia last April.
Masashi Yoshimi, '05, died suddenly
last Thursday and was buried in San
Francisco on Sunday. The deceased
received his A. M. degree at Califor
nia last April.
