# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—Maxwell Adams, '05, has been ap
pointed Professor of Chemistry at
the University of Nevada.
—Maxwell Adams, '05, has been ap
pointed Professor of Chemistry at
the University of Nevada.
—Maxwell Adams, '05, has been ap
pointed Professor of Chemistry at
the University of Nevada.
—Maxwell Adams, '05, has been ap
pointed Professor of Chemistry at
the University of Nevada.
—Maxwell Adams, '05, has been ap
pointed Professor of Chemistry at
the University of Nevada.
—Maxwell Adams, '05, has been ap
pointed Professor of Chemistry at
the University of Nevada.
—Maxwell Adams, '05, has been ap
pointed Professor of Chemistry at
the University of Nevada.
—Maxwell Adams, '05, has been ap
pointed Professor of Chemistry at
the University of Nevada.
—Maxwell Adams, '05, has been ap
pointed Professor of Chemistry at
the University of Nevada.
