# G.H. MacMeekin Piano Tuner and Repairer.
## 
### 
Formerly <>112 Sherman, Clay & Co.,
is -located permanently at 521
Everett avenue, Palo Alto, and
guarantees satisfaction in all piano
work, including the polishing of
piano ca^-es.
Formerly <>112 Sherman, Clay & Co.,
is -located permanently at 521
Everett avenue, Palo Alto, and
guarantees satisfaction in all piano
work, including the polishing of
piano ca^-es.
Formerly <>112 Sherman, Clay & Co.,
is -located permanently at 521
Everett avenue, Palo Alto, and
guarantees satisfaction in all piano
work, including the polishing of
piano ca^-es.
Formerly <>112 Sherman, Clay & Co.,
is -located permanently at 521
Everett avenue, Palo Alto, and
guarantees satisfaction in all piano
work, including the polishing of
piano ca^-es.
Formerly <>112 Sherman, Clay & Co.,
is -located permanently at 521
Everett avenue, Palo Alto, and
guarantees satisfaction in all piano
work, including the polishing of
piano ca^-es.
Formerly <>112 Sherman, Clay & Co.,
is -located permanently at 521
Everett avenue, Palo Alto, and
guarantees satisfaction in all piano
work, including the polishing of
piano ca^-es.
Formerly <>112 Sherman, Clay & Co.,
is -located permanently at 521
Everett avenue, Palo Alto, and
guarantees satisfaction in all piano
work, including the polishing of
piano ca^-es.
Formerly <>112 Sherman, Clay & Co.,
is -located permanently at 521
Everett avenue, Palo Alto, and
guarantees satisfaction in all piano
work, including the polishing of
piano ca^-es.
Formerly <>112 Sherman, Clay & Co.,
is -located permanently at 521
Everett avenue, Palo Alto, and
guarantees satisfaction in all piano
work, including the polishing of
piano ca^-es.
