# Berkeley Freshmen Play Fast Game.
## 
### 
The Freshmen of the University of
California defeated the Rugby team
of Santa Cruz Saturday by the large
score of iS to o in a fast game. The
match was witnessed by Assistant
Coach L. r. Bansbach, '04, who does
not consider that the Santa Cruz ag
gregation put up as strong a showing
in the match Saturday as they did a
week prior when they met the Stan
ford Freshmen, lie states, however,
the game was fast and the showing
of the California men excellent.
Sales is in communication with the
Santa Cruz manager and hopes to be
able to secure another match with
the aggregation prior to the game on
Saturday. The teams may meet on
Wednesday although the Santa Cruz
ans have several business connections
which would be hard to sever for a
game in the middle of the week.
