# Fire on King's Mountain.
## 
### 
An uncontrollable tire has been
raging since Thursday on King's
Mountain, half way between La Hon

da and San Gregorio. In five days
the lire has traversed an area of
five thousand acres and is eating up
the timber in a northerly direction.
Late Sunday afternoon the fire threat
ened to cross the ridge of the moun
tain.
There are about thirty men on the
scene. It has been reported that the
sparks from a shingle mill started
the lire. Several ranches have been
burned and all the country as far
north as San Gregorio is threatened
by the flames..
An uncontrollable tire has been
raging since Thursday on King's
Mountain, half way between La Hon

da and San Gregorio. In five days
the lire has traversed an area of
five thousand acres and is eating up
the timber in a northerly direction.
Late Sunday afternoon the fire threat
ened to cross the ridge of the moun
tain.
There are about thirty men on the
scene. It has been reported that the
sparks from a shingle mill started
the lire. Several ranches have been
burned and all the country as far
north as San Gregorio is threatened
by the flames..
An uncontrollable tire has been
raging since Thursday on King's
Mountain, half way between La Hon

da and San Gregorio. In five days
the lire has traversed an area of
five thousand acres and is eating up
the timber in a northerly direction.
Late Sunday afternoon the fire threat
ened to cross the ridge of the moun
tain.
There are about thirty men on the
scene. It has been reported that the
sparks from a shingle mill started
the lire. Several ranches have been
burned and all the country as far
north as San Gregorio is threatened
by the flames..
An uncontrollable tire has been
raging since Thursday on King's
Mountain, half way between La Hon

da and San Gregorio. In five days
the lire has traversed an area of
five thousand acres and is eating up
the timber in a northerly direction.
Late Sunday afternoon the fire threat
ened to cross the ridge of the moun
tain.
There are about thirty men on the
scene. It has been reported that the
sparks from a shingle mill started
the lire. Several ranches have been
burned and all the country as far
north as San Gregorio is threatened
by the flames..
An uncontrollable tire has been
raging since Thursday on King's
Mountain, half way between La Hon

da and San Gregorio. In five days
the lire has traversed an area of
five thousand acres and is eating up
the timber in a northerly direction.
Late Sunday afternoon the fire threat
ened to cross the ridge of the moun
tain.
There are about thirty men on the
scene. It has been reported that the
sparks from a shingle mill started
the lire. Several ranches have been
burned and all the country as far
north as San Gregorio is threatened
by the flames..
An uncontrollable tire has been
raging since Thursday on King's
Mountain, half way between La Hon

da and San Gregorio. In five days
the lire has traversed an area of
five thousand acres and is eating up
the timber in a northerly direction.
Late Sunday afternoon the fire threat
ened to cross the ridge of the moun
tain.
There are about thirty men on the
scene. It has been reported that the
sparks from a shingle mill started
the lire. Several ranches have been
burned and all the country as far
north as San Gregorio is threatened
by the flames..
An uncontrollable tire has been
raging since Thursday on King's
Mountain, half way between La Hon

da and San Gregorio. In five days
the lire has traversed an area of
five thousand acres and is eating up
the timber in a northerly direction.
Late Sunday afternoon the fire threat
ened to cross the ridge of the moun
tain.
There are about thirty men on the
scene. It has been reported that the
sparks from a shingle mill started
the lire. Several ranches have been
burned and all the country as far
north as San Gregorio is threatened
by the flames..
An uncontrollable tire has been
raging since Thursday on King's
Mountain, half way between La Hon

da and San Gregorio. In five days
the lire has traversed an area of
five thousand acres and is eating up
the timber in a northerly direction.
Late Sunday afternoon the fire threat
ened to cross the ridge of the moun
tain.
There are about thirty men on the
scene. It has been reported that the
sparks from a shingle mill started
the lire. Several ranches have been
burned and all the country as far
north as San Gregorio is threatened
by the flames..
An uncontrollable tire has been
raging since Thursday on King's
Mountain, half way between La Hon

da and San Gregorio. In five days
the lire has traversed an area of
five thousand acres and is eating up
the timber in a northerly direction.
Late Sunday afternoon the fire threat
ened to cross the ridge of the moun
tain.
There are about thirty men on the
scene. It has been reported that the
sparks from a shingle mill started
the lire. Several ranches have been
burned and all the country as far
north as San Gregorio is threatened
by the flames..
