# SIRO Drive Is Continuing
## 
### 
Stanford International Relief Or
ganization is continuing to collect
clothing to send to friends and rel
atives of Stanford students and fac
ulty and to needy students at the
University of Naples, said Molly
Shaw and Bill Dicker, co-chairmen.
Clothing is being collected at the
SIRO shack and in a box in the
Village Center. Names of needy
ami lies are being accepted in the
3IRO shack near Eneina Commons
between 12:30 and 2:30 p.m. CARE
blanks are also available at the
shack.
Stanford International Relief Or
ganization is continuing to collect
clothing to send to friends and rel
atives of Stanford students and fac
ulty and to needy students at the
University of Naples, said Molly
Shaw and Bill Dicker, co-chairmen.
Clothing is being collected at the
SIRO shack and in a box in the
Village Center. Names of needy
ami lies are being accepted in the
3IRO shack near Eneina Commons
between 12:30 and 2:30 p.m. CARE
blanks are also available at the
shack.
Stanford International Relief Or
ganization is continuing to collect
clothing to send to friends and rel
atives of Stanford students and fac
ulty and to needy students at the
University of Naples, said Molly
Shaw and Bill Dicker, co-chairmen.
Clothing is being collected at the
SIRO shack and in a box in the
Village Center. Names of needy
ami lies are being accepted in the
3IRO shack near Eneina Commons
between 12:30 and 2:30 p.m. CARE
blanks are also available at the
shack.
Stanford International Relief Or
ganization is continuing to collect
clothing to send to friends and rel
atives of Stanford students and fac
ulty and to needy students at the
University of Naples, said Molly
Shaw and Bill Dicker, co-chairmen.
Clothing is being collected at the
SIRO shack and in a box in the
Village Center. Names of needy
ami lies are being accepted in the
3IRO shack near Eneina Commons
between 12:30 and 2:30 p.m. CARE
blanks are also available at the
shack.
Stanford International Relief Or
ganization is continuing to collect
clothing to send to friends and rel
atives of Stanford students and fac
ulty and to needy students at the
University of Naples, said Molly
Shaw and Bill Dicker, co-chairmen.
Clothing is being collected at the
SIRO shack and in a box in the
Village Center. Names of needy
ami lies are being accepted in the
3IRO shack near Eneina Commons
between 12:30 and 2:30 p.m. CARE
blanks are also available at the
shack.
Stanford International Relief Or
ganization is continuing to collect
clothing to send to friends and rel
atives of Stanford students and fac
ulty and to needy students at the
University of Naples, said Molly
Shaw and Bill Dicker, co-chairmen.
Clothing is being collected at the
SIRO shack and in a box in the
Village Center. Names of needy
ami lies are being accepted in the
3IRO shack near Eneina Commons
between 12:30 and 2:30 p.m. CARE
blanks are also available at the
shack.
Stanford International Relief Or
ganization is continuing to collect
clothing to send to friends and rel
atives of Stanford students and fac
ulty and to needy students at the
University of Naples, said Molly
Shaw and Bill Dicker, co-chairmen.
Clothing is being collected at the
SIRO shack and in a box in the
Village Center. Names of needy
ami lies are being accepted in the
3IRO shack near Eneina Commons
between 12:30 and 2:30 p.m. CARE
blanks are also available at the
shack.
Stanford International Relief Or
ganization is continuing to collect
clothing to send to friends and rel
atives of Stanford students and fac
ulty and to needy students at the
University of Naples, said Molly
Shaw and Bill Dicker, co-chairmen.
Clothing is being collected at the
SIRO shack and in a box in the
Village Center. Names of needy
ami lies are being accepted in the
3IRO shack near Eneina Commons
between 12:30 and 2:30 p.m. CARE
blanks are also available at the
shack.
Stanford International Relief Or
ganization is continuing to collect
clothing to send to friends and rel
atives of Stanford students and fac
ulty and to needy students at the
University of Naples, said Molly
Shaw and Bill Dicker, co-chairmen.
Clothing is being collected at the
SIRO shack and in a box in the
Village Center. Names of needy
ami lies are being accepted in the
3IRO shack near Eneina Commons
between 12:30 and 2:30 p.m. CARE
blanks are also available at the
shack.
Stanford International Relief Or
ganization is continuing to collect
clothing to send to friends and rel
atives of Stanford students and fac
ulty and to needy students at the
University of Naples, said Molly
Shaw and Bill Dicker, co-chairmen.
Clothing is being collected at the
SIRO shack and in a box in the
Village Center. Names of needy
ami lies are being accepted in the
3IRO shack near Eneina Commons
between 12:30 and 2:30 p.m. CARE
blanks are also available at the
shack.
Stanford International Relief Or
ganization is continuing to collect
clothing to send to friends and rel
atives of Stanford students and fac
ulty and to needy students at the
University of Naples, said Molly
Shaw and Bill Dicker, co-chairmen.
Clothing is being collected at the
SIRO shack and in a box in the
Village Center. Names of needy
ami lies are being accepted in the
3IRO shack near Eneina Commons
between 12:30 and 2:30 p.m. CARE
blanks are also available at the
shack.
Stanford International Relief Or
ganization is continuing to collect
clothing to send to friends and rel
atives of Stanford students and fac
ulty and to needy students at the
University of Naples, said Molly
Shaw and Bill Dicker, co-chairmen.
Clothing is being collected at the
SIRO shack and in a box in the
Village Center. Names of needy
ami lies are being accepted in the
3IRO shack near Eneina Commons
between 12:30 and 2:30 p.m. CARE
blanks are also available at the
shack.
Stanford International Relief Or
ganization is continuing to collect
clothing to send to friends and rel
atives of Stanford students and fac
ulty and to needy students at the
University of Naples, said Molly
Shaw and Bill Dicker, co-chairmen.
Clothing is being collected at the
SIRO shack and in a box in the
Village Center. Names of needy
ami lies are being accepted in the
3IRO shack near Eneina Commons
between 12:30 and 2:30 p.m. CARE
blanks are also available at the
shack.
Stanford International Relief Or
ganization is continuing to collect
clothing to send to friends and rel
atives of Stanford students and fac
ulty and to needy students at the
University of Naples, said Molly
Shaw and Bill Dicker, co-chairmen.
Clothing is being collected at the
SIRO shack and in a box in the
Village Center. Names of needy
ami lies are being accepted in the
3IRO shack near Eneina Commons
between 12:30 and 2:30 p.m. CARE
blanks are also available at the
shack.
Stanford International Relief Or
ganization is continuing to collect
clothing to send to friends and rel
atives of Stanford students and fac
ulty and to needy students at the
University of Naples, said Molly
Shaw and Bill Dicker, co-chairmen.
Clothing is being collected at the
SIRO shack and in a box in the
Village Center. Names of needy
ami lies are being accepted in the
3IRO shack near Eneina Commons
between 12:30 and 2:30 p.m. CARE
blanks are also available at the
shack.
Stanford International Relief Or
ganization is continuing to collect
clothing to send to friends and rel
atives of Stanford students and fac
ulty and to needy students at the
University of Naples, said Molly
Shaw and Bill Dicker, co-chairmen.
Clothing is being collected at the
SIRO shack and in a box in the
Village Center. Names of needy
ami lies are being accepted in the
3IRO shack near Eneina Commons
between 12:30 and 2:30 p.m. CARE
blanks are also available at the
shack.
