# Frat Council To Meet in NY
## 
### 
Representatives of interfraternity
councils from campuses throughout
the United States and Canada will
participate in the first postwar
meeting of the National Undergrad
uate Interfraternity Council to be
held in conjunction with the Na
tional Interfraternity Conference at
the Hotel Commodore in New York,
Friday and Saturday.
Problems caused by the record
enrollment of men in colleges and
universities and proposals for adapt
ing fraternity programs to mature
memberships will be discussed.
Stanford is not sending a delegate
to the meeting.
Representatives of interfraternity
councils from campuses throughout
the United States and Canada will
participate in the first postwar
meeting of the National Undergrad
uate Interfraternity Council to be
held in conjunction with the Na
tional Interfraternity Conference at
the Hotel Commodore in New York,
Friday and Saturday.
Problems caused by the record
enrollment of men in colleges and
universities and proposals for adapt
ing fraternity programs to mature
memberships will be discussed.
Stanford is not sending a delegate
to the meeting.
Representatives of interfraternity
councils from campuses throughout
the United States and Canada will
participate in the first postwar
meeting of the National Undergrad
uate Interfraternity Council to be
held in conjunction with the Na
tional Interfraternity Conference at
the Hotel Commodore in New York,
Friday and Saturday.
Problems caused by the record
enrollment of men in colleges and
universities and proposals for adapt
ing fraternity programs to mature
memberships will be discussed.
Stanford is not sending a delegate
to the meeting.
Representatives of interfraternity
councils from campuses throughout
the United States and Canada will
participate in the first postwar
meeting of the National Undergrad
uate Interfraternity Council to be
held in conjunction with the Na
tional Interfraternity Conference at
the Hotel Commodore in New York,
Friday and Saturday.
Problems caused by the record
enrollment of men in colleges and
universities and proposals for adapt
ing fraternity programs to mature
memberships will be discussed.
Stanford is not sending a delegate
to the meeting.
Representatives of interfraternity
councils from campuses throughout
the United States and Canada will
participate in the first postwar
meeting of the National Undergrad
uate Interfraternity Council to be
held in conjunction with the Na
tional Interfraternity Conference at
the Hotel Commodore in New York,
Friday and Saturday.
Problems caused by the record
enrollment of men in colleges and
universities and proposals for adapt
ing fraternity programs to mature
memberships will be discussed.
Stanford is not sending a delegate
to the meeting.
Representatives of interfraternity
councils from campuses throughout
the United States and Canada will
participate in the first postwar
meeting of the National Undergrad
uate Interfraternity Council to be
held in conjunction with the Na
tional Interfraternity Conference at
the Hotel Commodore in New York,
Friday and Saturday.
Problems caused by the record
enrollment of men in colleges and
universities and proposals for adapt
ing fraternity programs to mature
memberships will be discussed.
Stanford is not sending a delegate
to the meeting.
Representatives of interfraternity
councils from campuses throughout
the United States and Canada will
participate in the first postwar
meeting of the National Undergrad
uate Interfraternity Council to be
held in conjunction with the Na
tional Interfraternity Conference at
the Hotel Commodore in New York,
Friday and Saturday.
Problems caused by the record
enrollment of men in colleges and
universities and proposals for adapt
ing fraternity programs to mature
memberships will be discussed.
Stanford is not sending a delegate
to the meeting.
Representatives of interfraternity
councils from campuses throughout
the United States and Canada will
participate in the first postwar
meeting of the National Undergrad
uate Interfraternity Council to be
held in conjunction with the Na
tional Interfraternity Conference at
the Hotel Commodore in New York,
Friday and Saturday.
Problems caused by the record
enrollment of men in colleges and
universities and proposals for adapt
ing fraternity programs to mature
memberships will be discussed.
Stanford is not sending a delegate
to the meeting.
Representatives of interfraternity
councils from campuses throughout
the United States and Canada will
participate in the first postwar
meeting of the National Undergrad
uate Interfraternity Council to be
held in conjunction with the Na
tional Interfraternity Conference at
the Hotel Commodore in New York,
Friday and Saturday.
Problems caused by the record
enrollment of men in colleges and
universities and proposals for adapt
ing fraternity programs to mature
memberships will be discussed.
Stanford is not sending a delegate
to the meeting.
Representatives of interfraternity
councils from campuses throughout
the United States and Canada will
participate in the first postwar
meeting of the National Undergrad
uate Interfraternity Council to be
held in conjunction with the Na
tional Interfraternity Conference at
the Hotel Commodore in New York,
Friday and Saturday.
Problems caused by the record
enrollment of men in colleges and
universities and proposals for adapt
ing fraternity programs to mature
memberships will be discussed.
Stanford is not sending a delegate
to the meeting.
Representatives of interfraternity
councils from campuses throughout
the United States and Canada will
participate in the first postwar
meeting of the National Undergrad
uate Interfraternity Council to be
held in conjunction with the Na
tional Interfraternity Conference at
the Hotel Commodore in New York,
Friday and Saturday.
Problems caused by the record
enrollment of men in colleges and
universities and proposals for adapt
ing fraternity programs to mature
memberships will be discussed.
Stanford is not sending a delegate
to the meeting.
Representatives of interfraternity
councils from campuses throughout
the United States and Canada will
participate in the first postwar
meeting of the National Undergrad
uate Interfraternity Council to be
held in conjunction with the Na
tional Interfraternity Conference at
the Hotel Commodore in New York,
Friday and Saturday.
Problems caused by the record
enrollment of men in colleges and
universities and proposals for adapt
ing fraternity programs to mature
memberships will be discussed.
Stanford is not sending a delegate
to the meeting.
Representatives of interfraternity
councils from campuses throughout
the United States and Canada will
participate in the first postwar
meeting of the National Undergrad
uate Interfraternity Council to be
held in conjunction with the Na
tional Interfraternity Conference at
the Hotel Commodore in New York,
Friday and Saturday.
Problems caused by the record
enrollment of men in colleges and
universities and proposals for adapt
ing fraternity programs to mature
memberships will be discussed.
Stanford is not sending a delegate
to the meeting.
Representatives of interfraternity
councils from campuses throughout
the United States and Canada will
participate in the first postwar
meeting of the National Undergrad
uate Interfraternity Council to be
held in conjunction with the Na
tional Interfraternity Conference at
the Hotel Commodore in New York,
Friday and Saturday.
Problems caused by the record
enrollment of men in colleges and
universities and proposals for adapt
ing fraternity programs to mature
memberships will be discussed.
Stanford is not sending a delegate
to the meeting.
Representatives of interfraternity
councils from campuses throughout
the United States and Canada will
participate in the first postwar
meeting of the National Undergrad
uate Interfraternity Council to be
held in conjunction with the Na
tional Interfraternity Conference at
the Hotel Commodore in New York,
Friday and Saturday.
Problems caused by the record
enrollment of men in colleges and
universities and proposals for adapt
ing fraternity programs to mature
memberships will be discussed.
Stanford is not sending a delegate
to the meeting.
Representatives of interfraternity
councils from campuses throughout
the United States and Canada will
participate in the first postwar
meeting of the National Undergrad
uate Interfraternity Council to be
held in conjunction with the Na
tional Interfraternity Conference at
the Hotel Commodore in New York,
Friday and Saturday.
Problems caused by the record
enrollment of men in colleges and
universities and proposals for adapt
ing fraternity programs to mature
memberships will be discussed.
Stanford is not sending a delegate
to the meeting.
