# Contributions
## 
### 
llie Daily welcomes letters and
columns from its readers. All
submitted items must be typed,
double-spaced, on a 57-space line.
Letters should not exceed 20 lines
and columns should not exceed SO
lines. All submitted materials are
subject to editing.
llie Daily welcomes letters and
columns from its readers. All
submitted items must be typed,
double-spaced, on a 57-space line.
Letters should not exceed 20 lines
and columns should not exceed SO
lines. All submitted materials are
subject to editing.
llie Daily welcomes letters and
columns from its readers. All
submitted items must be typed,
double-spaced, on a 57-space line.
Letters should not exceed 20 lines
and columns should not exceed SO
lines. All submitted materials are
subject to editing.
llie Daily welcomes letters and
columns from its readers. All
submitted items must be typed,
double-spaced, on a 57-space line.
Letters should not exceed 20 lines
and columns should not exceed SO
lines. All submitted materials are
subject to editing.
llie Daily welcomes letters and
columns from its readers. All
submitted items must be typed,
double-spaced, on a 57-space line.
Letters should not exceed 20 lines
and columns should not exceed SO
lines. All submitted materials are
subject to editing.
llie Daily welcomes letters and
columns from its readers. All
submitted items must be typed,
double-spaced, on a 57-space line.
Letters should not exceed 20 lines
and columns should not exceed SO
lines. All submitted materials are
subject to editing.
llie Daily welcomes letters and
columns from its readers. All
submitted items must be typed,
double-spaced, on a 57-space line.
Letters should not exceed 20 lines
and columns should not exceed SO
lines. All submitted materials are
subject to editing.
llie Daily welcomes letters and
columns from its readers. All
submitted items must be typed,
double-spaced, on a 57-space line.
Letters should not exceed 20 lines
and columns should not exceed SO
lines. All submitted materials are
subject to editing.
llie Daily welcomes letters and
columns from its readers. All
submitted items must be typed,
double-spaced, on a 57-space line.
Letters should not exceed 20 lines
and columns should not exceed SO
lines. All submitted materials are
subject to editing.
