# CIRCLE "S" MEETS
## 
### 
At an organizational meeting of
Circle l 'S" Society, the membership
discussed plans to support minor
sports at Stanford.
Ati amendment was made to the
constitution to allow an unlimited
membership of eligible students.
Previously the society was limited
to 30 members.
Kim Fletcher was elected vice
president, and Roger Stiison is the
new secretary-treasurer.
At an organizational meeting of
Circle l 'S" Society, the membership
discussed plans to support minor
sports at Stanford.
Ati amendment was made to the
constitution to allow an unlimited
membership of eligible students.
Previously the society was limited
to 30 members.
Kim Fletcher was elected vice
president, and Roger Stiison is the
new secretary-treasurer.
At an organizational meeting of
Circle l 'S" Society, the membership
discussed plans to support minor
sports at Stanford.
Ati amendment was made to the
constitution to allow an unlimited
membership of eligible students.
Previously the society was limited
to 30 members.
Kim Fletcher was elected vice
president, and Roger Stiison is the
new secretary-treasurer.
At an organizational meeting of
Circle l 'S" Society, the membership
discussed plans to support minor
sports at Stanford.
Ati amendment was made to the
constitution to allow an unlimited
membership of eligible students.
Previously the society was limited
to 30 members.
Kim Fletcher was elected vice
president, and Roger Stiison is the
new secretary-treasurer.
At an organizational meeting of
Circle l 'S" Society, the membership
discussed plans to support minor
sports at Stanford.
Ati amendment was made to the
constitution to allow an unlimited
membership of eligible students.
Previously the society was limited
to 30 members.
Kim Fletcher was elected vice
president, and Roger Stiison is the
new secretary-treasurer.
At an organizational meeting of
Circle l 'S" Society, the membership
discussed plans to support minor
sports at Stanford.
Ati amendment was made to the
constitution to allow an unlimited
membership of eligible students.
Previously the society was limited
to 30 members.
Kim Fletcher was elected vice
president, and Roger Stiison is the
new secretary-treasurer.
At an organizational meeting of
Circle l 'S" Society, the membership
discussed plans to support minor
sports at Stanford.
Ati amendment was made to the
constitution to allow an unlimited
membership of eligible students.
Previously the society was limited
to 30 members.
Kim Fletcher was elected vice
president, and Roger Stiison is the
new secretary-treasurer.
At an organizational meeting of
Circle l 'S" Society, the membership
discussed plans to support minor
sports at Stanford.
Ati amendment was made to the
constitution to allow an unlimited
membership of eligible students.
Previously the society was limited
to 30 members.
Kim Fletcher was elected vice
president, and Roger Stiison is the
new secretary-treasurer.
At an organizational meeting of
Circle l 'S" Society, the membership
discussed plans to support minor
sports at Stanford.
Ati amendment was made to the
constitution to allow an unlimited
membership of eligible students.
Previously the society was limited
to 30 members.
Kim Fletcher was elected vice
president, and Roger Stiison is the
new secretary-treasurer.
At an organizational meeting of
Circle l 'S" Society, the membership
discussed plans to support minor
sports at Stanford.
Ati amendment was made to the
constitution to allow an unlimited
membership of eligible students.
Previously the society was limited
to 30 members.
Kim Fletcher was elected vice
president, and Roger Stiison is the
new secretary-treasurer.
At an organizational meeting of
Circle l 'S" Society, the membership
discussed plans to support minor
sports at Stanford.
Ati amendment was made to the
constitution to allow an unlimited
membership of eligible students.
Previously the society was limited
to 30 members.
Kim Fletcher was elected vice
president, and Roger Stiison is the
new secretary-treasurer.
At an organizational meeting of
Circle l 'S" Society, the membership
discussed plans to support minor
sports at Stanford.
Ati amendment was made to the
constitution to allow an unlimited
membership of eligible students.
Previously the society was limited
to 30 members.
Kim Fletcher was elected vice
president, and Roger Stiison is the
new secretary-treasurer.
At an organizational meeting of
Circle l 'S" Society, the membership
discussed plans to support minor
sports at Stanford.
Ati amendment was made to the
constitution to allow an unlimited
membership of eligible students.
Previously the society was limited
to 30 members.
Kim Fletcher was elected vice
president, and Roger Stiison is the
new secretary-treasurer.
At an organizational meeting of
Circle l 'S" Society, the membership
discussed plans to support minor
sports at Stanford.
Ati amendment was made to the
constitution to allow an unlimited
membership of eligible students.
Previously the society was limited
to 30 members.
Kim Fletcher was elected vice
president, and Roger Stiison is the
new secretary-treasurer.
At an organizational meeting of
Circle l 'S" Society, the membership
discussed plans to support minor
sports at Stanford.
Ati amendment was made to the
constitution to allow an unlimited
membership of eligible students.
Previously the society was limited
to 30 members.
Kim Fletcher was elected vice
president, and Roger Stiison is the
new secretary-treasurer.
