# Women Will Discuss WCC, Housing Plans
## 
### 
Housing plans and the Western
College Congress are the two main
topics up for discussion before
Women's Conference today at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse, said Phyl
Sutherland, president.
B. J. Denning will speak on the
WCC. Betty Callander will also
discuss the Women's Council book
of policies.
All old Conference members will
meet at 1 p.m. m the lower lounge
of the Clubhouse to have the Quad
picture taken over.
Housing plans and the Western
College Congress are the two main
topics up for discussion before
Women's Conference today at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse, said Phyl
Sutherland, president.
B. J. Denning will speak on the
WCC. Betty Callander will also
discuss the Women's Council book
of policies.
All old Conference members will
meet at 1 p.m. m the lower lounge
of the Clubhouse to have the Quad
picture taken over.
Housing plans and the Western
College Congress are the two main
topics up for discussion before
Women's Conference today at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse, said Phyl
Sutherland, president.
B. J. Denning will speak on the
WCC. Betty Callander will also
discuss the Women's Council book
of policies.
All old Conference members will
meet at 1 p.m. m the lower lounge
of the Clubhouse to have the Quad
picture taken over.
Housing plans and the Western
College Congress are the two main
topics up for discussion before
Women's Conference today at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse, said Phyl
Sutherland, president.
B. J. Denning will speak on the
WCC. Betty Callander will also
discuss the Women's Council book
of policies.
All old Conference members will
meet at 1 p.m. m the lower lounge
of the Clubhouse to have the Quad
picture taken over.
Housing plans and the Western
College Congress are the two main
topics up for discussion before
Women's Conference today at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse, said Phyl
Sutherland, president.
B. J. Denning will speak on the
WCC. Betty Callander will also
discuss the Women's Council book
of policies.
All old Conference members will
meet at 1 p.m. m the lower lounge
of the Clubhouse to have the Quad
picture taken over.
Housing plans and the Western
College Congress are the two main
topics up for discussion before
Women's Conference today at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse, said Phyl
Sutherland, president.
B. J. Denning will speak on the
WCC. Betty Callander will also
discuss the Women's Council book
of policies.
All old Conference members will
meet at 1 p.m. m the lower lounge
of the Clubhouse to have the Quad
picture taken over.
Housing plans and the Western
College Congress are the two main
topics up for discussion before
Women's Conference today at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse, said Phyl
Sutherland, president.
B. J. Denning will speak on the
WCC. Betty Callander will also
discuss the Women's Council book
of policies.
All old Conference members will
meet at 1 p.m. m the lower lounge
of the Clubhouse to have the Quad
picture taken over.
Housing plans and the Western
College Congress are the two main
topics up for discussion before
Women's Conference today at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse, said Phyl
Sutherland, president.
B. J. Denning will speak on the
WCC. Betty Callander will also
discuss the Women's Council book
of policies.
All old Conference members will
meet at 1 p.m. m the lower lounge
of the Clubhouse to have the Quad
picture taken over.
Housing plans and the Western
College Congress are the two main
topics up for discussion before
Women's Conference today at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse, said Phyl
Sutherland, president.
B. J. Denning will speak on the
WCC. Betty Callander will also
discuss the Women's Council book
of policies.
All old Conference members will
meet at 1 p.m. m the lower lounge
of the Clubhouse to have the Quad
picture taken over.
Housing plans and the Western
College Congress are the two main
topics up for discussion before
Women's Conference today at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse, said Phyl
Sutherland, president.
B. J. Denning will speak on the
WCC. Betty Callander will also
discuss the Women's Council book
of policies.
All old Conference members will
meet at 1 p.m. m the lower lounge
of the Clubhouse to have the Quad
picture taken over.
Housing plans and the Western
College Congress are the two main
topics up for discussion before
Women's Conference today at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse, said Phyl
Sutherland, president.
B. J. Denning will speak on the
WCC. Betty Callander will also
discuss the Women's Council book
of policies.
All old Conference members will
meet at 1 p.m. m the lower lounge
of the Clubhouse to have the Quad
picture taken over.
Housing plans and the Western
College Congress are the two main
topics up for discussion before
Women's Conference today at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse, said Phyl
Sutherland, president.
B. J. Denning will speak on the
WCC. Betty Callander will also
discuss the Women's Council book
of policies.
All old Conference members will
meet at 1 p.m. m the lower lounge
of the Clubhouse to have the Quad
picture taken over.
Housing plans and the Western
College Congress are the two main
topics up for discussion before
Women's Conference today at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse, said Phyl
Sutherland, president.
B. J. Denning will speak on the
WCC. Betty Callander will also
discuss the Women's Council book
of policies.
All old Conference members will
meet at 1 p.m. m the lower lounge
of the Clubhouse to have the Quad
picture taken over.
Housing plans and the Western
College Congress are the two main
topics up for discussion before
Women's Conference today at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse, said Phyl
Sutherland, president.
B. J. Denning will speak on the
WCC. Betty Callander will also
discuss the Women's Council book
of policies.
All old Conference members will
meet at 1 p.m. m the lower lounge
of the Clubhouse to have the Quad
picture taken over.
Housing plans and the Western
College Congress are the two main
topics up for discussion before
Women's Conference today at 4:15
p.m. in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse, said Phyl
Sutherland, president.
B. J. Denning will speak on the
WCC. Betty Callander will also
discuss the Women's Council book
of policies.
All old Conference members will
meet at 1 p.m. m the lower lounge
of the Clubhouse to have the Quad
picture taken over.
