# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Talis Haight/Daily
Dorm Wars
Residents of Toyon Hall stormed through Lagunita Hall Wednesday night as part of an ongoing inter
dorm feud. Though Toyonites had planned to camp in the halls for the entire night, they were ousted
by Lagunita residents after only an nour and a half.

Talis Haight/Daily
Dorm Wars
Residents of Toyon Hall stormed through Lagunita Hall Wednesday night as part of an ongoing inter
dorm feud. Though Toyonites had planned to camp in the halls for the entire night, they were ousted
by Lagunita residents after only an nour and a half.

Talis Haight/Daily
Dorm Wars
Residents of Toyon Hall stormed through Lagunita Hall Wednesday night as part of an ongoing inter
dorm feud. Though Toyonites had planned to camp in the halls for the entire night, they were ousted
by Lagunita residents after only an nour and a half.

Talis Haight/Daily
Dorm Wars
Residents of Toyon Hall stormed through Lagunita Hall Wednesday night as part of an ongoing inter
dorm feud. Though Toyonites had planned to camp in the halls for the entire night, they were ousted
by Lagunita residents after only an nour and a half.

Talis Haight/Daily
Dorm Wars
Residents of Toyon Hall stormed through Lagunita Hall Wednesday night as part of an ongoing inter
dorm feud. Though Toyonites had planned to camp in the halls for the entire night, they were ousted
by Lagunita residents after only an nour and a half.

Talis Haight/Daily
Dorm Wars
Residents of Toyon Hall stormed through Lagunita Hall Wednesday night as part of an ongoing inter
dorm feud. Though Toyonites had planned to camp in the halls for the entire night, they were ousted
by Lagunita residents after only an nour and a half.

Talis Haight/Daily
Dorm Wars
Residents of Toyon Hall stormed through Lagunita Hall Wednesday night as part of an ongoing inter
dorm feud. Though Toyonites had planned to camp in the halls for the entire night, they were ousted
by Lagunita residents after only an nour and a half.

Talis Haight/Daily
Dorm Wars
Residents of Toyon Hall stormed through Lagunita Hall Wednesday night as part of an ongoing inter
dorm feud. Though Toyonites had planned to camp in the halls for the entire night, they were ousted
by Lagunita residents after only an nour and a half.

Talis Haight/Daily
Dorm Wars
Residents of Toyon Hall stormed through Lagunita Hall Wednesday night as part of an ongoing inter
dorm feud. Though Toyonites had planned to camp in the halls for the entire night, they were ousted
by Lagunita residents after only an nour and a half.

Talis Haight/Daily
Dorm Wars
Residents of Toyon Hall stormed through Lagunita Hall Wednesday night as part of an ongoing inter
dorm feud. Though Toyonites had planned to camp in the halls for the entire night, they were ousted
by Lagunita residents after only an nour and a half.
