# Taft, Henry Will Fence Tonight In Epee Contest
## 
### 
Two Stanford varsity fencers will
take part in the Novice Epee Tourna
ment to be held at the Olympic Club
in San Francisco tonight. The men
who will compete are Orray Taft and
Tom Henry. The matches are being
held under the auspices of the Ama
teur Fencers League of America.
Next week another tournament will
be held at San Francisco and a
larger team of Stanford fencers is
expected to compete.
Two Stanford varsity fencers will
take part in the Novice Epee Tourna
ment to be held at the Olympic Club
in San Francisco tonight. The men
who will compete are Orray Taft and
Tom Henry. The matches are being
held under the auspices of the Ama
teur Fencers League of America.
Next week another tournament will
be held at San Francisco and a
larger team of Stanford fencers is
expected to compete.
Two Stanford varsity fencers will
take part in the Novice Epee Tourna
ment to be held at the Olympic Club
in San Francisco tonight. The men
who will compete are Orray Taft and
Tom Henry. The matches are being
held under the auspices of the Ama
teur Fencers League of America.
Next week another tournament will
be held at San Francisco and a
larger team of Stanford fencers is
expected to compete.
Two Stanford varsity fencers will
take part in the Novice Epee Tourna
ment to be held at the Olympic Club
in San Francisco tonight. The men
who will compete are Orray Taft and
Tom Henry. The matches are being
held under the auspices of the Ama
teur Fencers League of America.
Next week another tournament will
be held at San Francisco and a
larger team of Stanford fencers is
expected to compete.
Two Stanford varsity fencers will
take part in the Novice Epee Tourna
ment to be held at the Olympic Club
in San Francisco tonight. The men
who will compete are Orray Taft and
Tom Henry. The matches are being
held under the auspices of the Ama
teur Fencers League of America.
Next week another tournament will
be held at San Francisco and a
larger team of Stanford fencers is
expected to compete.
Two Stanford varsity fencers will
take part in the Novice Epee Tourna
ment to be held at the Olympic Club
in San Francisco tonight. The men
who will compete are Orray Taft and
Tom Henry. The matches are being
held under the auspices of the Ama
teur Fencers League of America.
Next week another tournament will
be held at San Francisco and a
larger team of Stanford fencers is
expected to compete.
Two Stanford varsity fencers will
take part in the Novice Epee Tourna
ment to be held at the Olympic Club
in San Francisco tonight. The men
who will compete are Orray Taft and
Tom Henry. The matches are being
held under the auspices of the Ama
teur Fencers League of America.
Next week another tournament will
be held at San Francisco and a
larger team of Stanford fencers is
expected to compete.
Two Stanford varsity fencers will
take part in the Novice Epee Tourna
ment to be held at the Olympic Club
in San Francisco tonight. The men
who will compete are Orray Taft and
Tom Henry. The matches are being
held under the auspices of the Ama
teur Fencers League of America.
Next week another tournament will
be held at San Francisco and a
larger team of Stanford fencers is
expected to compete.
Two Stanford varsity fencers will
take part in the Novice Epee Tourna
ment to be held at the Olympic Club
in San Francisco tonight. The men
who will compete are Orray Taft and
Tom Henry. The matches are being
held under the auspices of the Ama
teur Fencers League of America.
Next week another tournament will
be held at San Francisco and a
larger team of Stanford fencers is
expected to compete.
Two Stanford varsity fencers will
take part in the Novice Epee Tourna
ment to be held at the Olympic Club
in San Francisco tonight. The men
who will compete are Orray Taft and
Tom Henry. The matches are being
held under the auspices of the Ama
teur Fencers League of America.
Next week another tournament will
be held at San Francisco and a
larger team of Stanford fencers is
expected to compete.
Two Stanford varsity fencers will
take part in the Novice Epee Tourna
ment to be held at the Olympic Club
in San Francisco tonight. The men
who will compete are Orray Taft and
Tom Henry. The matches are being
held under the auspices of the Ama
teur Fencers League of America.
Next week another tournament will
be held at San Francisco and a
larger team of Stanford fencers is
expected to compete.
Two Stanford varsity fencers will
take part in the Novice Epee Tourna
ment to be held at the Olympic Club
in San Francisco tonight. The men
who will compete are Orray Taft and
Tom Henry. The matches are being
held under the auspices of the Ama
teur Fencers League of America.
Next week another tournament will
be held at San Francisco and a
larger team of Stanford fencers is
expected to compete.
Two Stanford varsity fencers will
take part in the Novice Epee Tourna
ment to be held at the Olympic Club
in San Francisco tonight. The men
who will compete are Orray Taft and
Tom Henry. The matches are being
held under the auspices of the Ama
teur Fencers League of America.
Next week another tournament will
be held at San Francisco and a
larger team of Stanford fencers is
expected to compete.
Two Stanford varsity fencers will
take part in the Novice Epee Tourna
ment to be held at the Olympic Club
in San Francisco tonight. The men
who will compete are Orray Taft and
Tom Henry. The matches are being
held under the auspices of the Ama
teur Fencers League of America.
Next week another tournament will
be held at San Francisco and a
larger team of Stanford fencers is
expected to compete.
Two Stanford varsity fencers will
take part in the Novice Epee Tourna
ment to be held at the Olympic Club
in San Francisco tonight. The men
who will compete are Orray Taft and
Tom Henry. The matches are being
held under the auspices of the Ama
teur Fencers League of America.
Next week another tournament will
be held at San Francisco and a
larger team of Stanford fencers is
expected to compete.
Two Stanford varsity fencers will
take part in the Novice Epee Tourna
ment to be held at the Olympic Club
in San Francisco tonight. The men
who will compete are Orray Taft and
Tom Henry. The matches are being
held under the auspices of the Ama
teur Fencers League of America.
Next week another tournament will
be held at San Francisco and a
larger team of Stanford fencers is
expected to compete.
Two Stanford varsity fencers will
take part in the Novice Epee Tourna
ment to be held at the Olympic Club
in San Francisco tonight. The men
who will compete are Orray Taft and
Tom Henry. The matches are being
held under the auspices of the Ama
teur Fencers League of America.
Next week another tournament will
be held at San Francisco and a
larger team of Stanford fencers is
expected to compete.
