# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A large majority of the t-端bscrib
ers to the Daily Palo Alto are de
linquent in their subscriptions. It
is not our policy to bring any press
ure whatever to bear in tbe collec
tion of mouej' due, but as the cash
expense of running tbe paper is ex
ceedingly heavy, we earnestly re
quest all those who are indebted to
pay up immediately.
A large majority of the t-端bscrib
ers to the Daily Palo Alto are de
linquent in their subscriptions. It
is not our policy to bring any press
ure whatever to bear in tbe collec
tion of mouej' due, but as the cash
expense of running tbe paper is ex
ceedingly heavy, we earnestly re
quest all those who are indebted to
pay up immediately.
A large majority of the t-端bscrib
ers to the Daily Palo Alto are de
linquent in their subscriptions. It
is not our policy to bring any press
ure whatever to bear in tbe collec
tion of mouej' due, but as the cash
expense of running tbe paper is ex
ceedingly heavy, we earnestly re
quest all those who are indebted to
pay up immediately.
A large majority of the t-端bscrib
ers to the Daily Palo Alto are de
linquent in their subscriptions. It
is not our policy to bring any press
ure whatever to bear in tbe collec
tion of mouej' due, but as the cash
expense of running tbe paper is ex
ceedingly heavy, we earnestly re
quest all those who are indebted to
pay up immediately.
