# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The new college songs gotten up
this season for Stanford are cer
tainly as ingenious and attractive
as any we possess. If Berkeley
has no better musical creations
than the sample which appeared
recently in a city daily, we cer
tainly have it on our esteemed
rivals in that respect. Our songs
fill nearly three times as much
space in the pamphlet this year as
in that of last season; which goes
to show that if the students go at
it in the proper spirit they can
generally accomplish about what
they undertake.
The next move, however, is to
practice the songs sufficiently to
render them in respectable style on
Thanksgiving. Students in the
dormitories should practice the
songs as often as possible, and the
public meetings for practice should
call out the entire student body.
The new college songs gotten up
this season for Stanford are cer
tainly as ingenious and attractive
as any we possess. If Berkeley
has no better musical creations
than the sample which appeared
recently in a city daily, we cer
tainly have it on our esteemed
rivals in that respect. Our songs
fill nearly three times as much
space in the pamphlet this year as
in that of last season; which goes
to show that if the students go at
it in the proper spirit they can
generally accomplish about what
they undertake.
The next move, however, is to
practice the songs sufficiently to
render them in respectable style on
Thanksgiving. Students in the
dormitories should practice the
songs as often as possible, and the
public meetings for practice should
call out the entire student body.
The new college songs gotten up
this season for Stanford are cer
tainly as ingenious and attractive
as any we possess. If Berkeley
has no better musical creations
than the sample which appeared
recently in a city daily, we cer
tainly have it on our esteemed
rivals in that respect. Our songs
fill nearly three times as much
space in the pamphlet this year as
in that of last season; which goes
to show that if the students go at
it in the proper spirit they can
generally accomplish about what
they undertake.
The next move, however, is to
practice the songs sufficiently to
render them in respectable style on
Thanksgiving. Students in the
dormitories should practice the
songs as often as possible, and the
public meetings for practice should
call out the entire student body.
The new college songs gotten up
this season for Stanford are cer
tainly as ingenious and attractive
as any we possess. If Berkeley
has no better musical creations
than the sample which appeared
recently in a city daily, we cer
tainly have it on our esteemed
rivals in that respect. Our songs
fill nearly three times as much
space in the pamphlet this year as
in that of last season; which goes
to show that if the students go at
it in the proper spirit they can
generally accomplish about what
they undertake.
The next move, however, is to
practice the songs sufficiently to
render them in respectable style on
Thanksgiving. Students in the
dormitories should practice the
songs as often as possible, and the
public meetings for practice should
call out the entire student body.
