# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
Hage's
Stanford Music Shop
367 University Ave. P.A. 8315
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the on!y
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. £. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
, P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Hage's
Stanford Music Shop
367 University Ave. P.A. 8315
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the on!y
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. £. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
, P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Hage's
Stanford Music Shop
367 University Ave. P.A. 8315
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the on!y
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. £. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
, P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Hage's
Stanford Music Shop
367 University Ave. P.A. 8315
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the on!y
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. £. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
, P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Hage's
Stanford Music Shop
367 University Ave. P.A. 8315
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the on!y
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. £. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
, P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Hage's
Stanford Music Shop
367 University Ave. P.A. 8315
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the on!y
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. £. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
, P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Hage's
Stanford Music Shop
367 University Ave. P.A. 8315
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the on!y
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. £. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
, P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Hage's
Stanford Music Shop
367 University Ave. P.A. 8315
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the on!y
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. £. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
, P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Hage's
Stanford Music Shop
367 University Ave. P.A. 8315
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the on!y
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. £. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
, P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Hage's
Stanford Music Shop
367 University Ave. P.A. 8315
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the on!y
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. £. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
, P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Hage's
Stanford Music Shop
367 University Ave. P.A. 8315
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the on!y
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. £. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
, P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Hage's
Stanford Music Shop
367 University Ave. P.A. 8315
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the on!y
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. £. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
, P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Hage's
Stanford Music Shop
367 University Ave. P.A. 8315
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the on!y
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. £. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
, P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Hage's
Stanford Music Shop
367 University Ave. P.A. 8315
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the on!y
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. £. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
, P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Hage's
Stanford Music Shop
367 University Ave. P.A. 8315
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the on!y
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. £. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
, P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
