# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The U. C. student body, influ
enced by the recent disastrous rush
at Berkeley, has passed a resolution
abolishing the practice and custom
of inter-class rushes at the Univer
sity of California. Such an action
following so closely upon the un
fortunate injuries to several fresh
men in the last rush, calls to mind
an old adage about locking the sta
ble after the horse is gone. We at
►Stanford can congratulate ourselves
that the practice of rushing was
abolished so quietly and effectively
before any disastrous results had
taken place.
The U. C. student body, influ
enced by the recent disastrous rush
at Berkeley, has passed a resolution
abolishing the practice and custom
of inter-class rushes at the Univer
sity of California. Such an action
following so closely upon the un
fortunate injuries to several fresh
men in the last rush, calls to mind
an old adage about locking the sta
ble after the horse is gone. We at
►Stanford can congratulate ourselves
that the practice of rushing was
abolished so quietly and effectively
before any disastrous results had
taken place.
The U. C. student body, influ
enced by the recent disastrous rush
at Berkeley, has passed a resolution
abolishing the practice and custom
of inter-class rushes at the Univer
sity of California. Such an action
following so closely upon the un
fortunate injuries to several fresh
men in the last rush, calls to mind
an old adage about locking the sta
ble after the horse is gone. We at
►Stanford can congratulate ourselves
that the practice of rushing was
abolished so quietly and effectively
before any disastrous results had
taken place.
The U. C. student body, influ
enced by the recent disastrous rush
at Berkeley, has passed a resolution
abolishing the practice and custom
of inter-class rushes at the Univer
sity of California. Such an action
following so closely upon the un
fortunate injuries to several fresh
men in the last rush, calls to mind
an old adage about locking the sta
ble after the horse is gone. We at
►Stanford can congratulate ourselves
that the practice of rushing was
abolished so quietly and effectively
before any disastrous results had
taken place.
The U. C. student body, influ
enced by the recent disastrous rush
at Berkeley, has passed a resolution
abolishing the practice and custom
of inter-class rushes at the Univer
sity of California. Such an action
following so closely upon the un
fortunate injuries to several fresh
men in the last rush, calls to mind
an old adage about locking the sta
ble after the horse is gone. We at
►Stanford can congratulate ourselves
that the practice of rushing was
abolished so quietly and effectively
before any disastrous results had
taken place.
