# '35 NOMINATIONS TO OPEN TODAY
## 25 Signatures Necessary For Each Petition 
### 
Beverly Robinson, chairman of the
A.S.S.U. Election Committee, an
nounces that petitions for the offi
cers of the freshman class may be
obtained today from a sealed box
that is placed on a table located at
the head of the Law Steps.

Each of these petitions must bear
the name of the nominee and the
signatures of 25 members of the
class of '35. Each student may sign
only one petition. These petitions
will be handed out from 8 to 5
o'clock today and must be filed be
tween those hours tomorrow.
The officers that are to be elected
are the president, vice-president,
secretary, and treasurer. All decli
nations must be in the hands of the
Election Committee by Friday night,
and may be filed either Thursday or
Friday. The primary election will be
held on November 10, and the finals
on a date to be set by the Executive
Committee later.
Beverly Robinson, chairman of the
A.S.S.U. Election Committee, an
nounces that petitions for the offi
cers of the freshman class may be
obtained today from a sealed box
that is placed on a table located at
the head of the Law Steps.

Each of these petitions must bear
the name of the nominee and the
signatures of 25 members of the
class of '35. Each student may sign
only one petition. These petitions
will be handed out from 8 to 5
o'clock today and must be filed be
tween those hours tomorrow.
The officers that are to be elected
are the president, vice-president,
secretary, and treasurer. All decli
nations must be in the hands of the
Election Committee by Friday night,
and may be filed either Thursday or
Friday. The primary election will be
held on November 10, and the finals
on a date to be set by the Executive
Committee later.
Beverly Robinson, chairman of the
A.S.S.U. Election Committee, an
nounces that petitions for the offi
cers of the freshman class may be
obtained today from a sealed box
that is placed on a table located at
the head of the Law Steps.

Each of these petitions must bear
the name of the nominee and the
signatures of 25 members of the
class of '35. Each student may sign
only one petition. These petitions
will be handed out from 8 to 5
o'clock today and must be filed be
tween those hours tomorrow.
The officers that are to be elected
are the president, vice-president,
secretary, and treasurer. All decli
nations must be in the hands of the
Election Committee by Friday night,
and may be filed either Thursday or
Friday. The primary election will be
held on November 10, and the finals
on a date to be set by the Executive
Committee later.
Beverly Robinson, chairman of the
A.S.S.U. Election Committee, an
nounces that petitions for the offi
cers of the freshman class may be
obtained today from a sealed box
that is placed on a table located at
the head of the Law Steps.

Each of these petitions must bear
the name of the nominee and the
signatures of 25 members of the
class of '35. Each student may sign
only one petition. These petitions
will be handed out from 8 to 5
o'clock today and must be filed be
tween those hours tomorrow.
The officers that are to be elected
are the president, vice-president,
secretary, and treasurer. All decli
nations must be in the hands of the
Election Committee by Friday night,
and may be filed either Thursday or
Friday. The primary election will be
held on November 10, and the finals
on a date to be set by the Executive
Committee later.
Beverly Robinson, chairman of the
A.S.S.U. Election Committee, an
nounces that petitions for the offi
cers of the freshman class may be
obtained today from a sealed box
that is placed on a table located at
the head of the Law Steps.

Each of these petitions must bear
the name of the nominee and the
signatures of 25 members of the
class of '35. Each student may sign
only one petition. These petitions
will be handed out from 8 to 5
o'clock today and must be filed be
tween those hours tomorrow.
The officers that are to be elected
are the president, vice-president,
secretary, and treasurer. All decli
nations must be in the hands of the
Election Committee by Friday night,
and may be filed either Thursday or
Friday. The primary election will be
held on November 10, and the finals
on a date to be set by the Executive
Committee later.
Beverly Robinson, chairman of the
A.S.S.U. Election Committee, an
nounces that petitions for the offi
cers of the freshman class may be
obtained today from a sealed box
that is placed on a table located at
the head of the Law Steps.

Each of these petitions must bear
the name of the nominee and the
signatures of 25 members of the
class of '35. Each student may sign
only one petition. These petitions
will be handed out from 8 to 5
o'clock today and must be filed be
tween those hours tomorrow.
The officers that are to be elected
are the president, vice-president,
secretary, and treasurer. All decli
nations must be in the hands of the
Election Committee by Friday night,
and may be filed either Thursday or
Friday. The primary election will be
held on November 10, and the finals
on a date to be set by the Executive
Committee later.
Beverly Robinson, chairman of the
A.S.S.U. Election Committee, an
nounces that petitions for the offi
cers of the freshman class may be
obtained today from a sealed box
that is placed on a table located at
the head of the Law Steps.

Each of these petitions must bear
the name of the nominee and the
signatures of 25 members of the
class of '35. Each student may sign
only one petition. These petitions
will be handed out from 8 to 5
o'clock today and must be filed be
tween those hours tomorrow.
The officers that are to be elected
are the president, vice-president,
secretary, and treasurer. All decli
nations must be in the hands of the
Election Committee by Friday night,
and may be filed either Thursday or
Friday. The primary election will be
held on November 10, and the finals
on a date to be set by the Executive
Committee later.
Beverly Robinson, chairman of the
A.S.S.U. Election Committee, an
nounces that petitions for the offi
cers of the freshman class may be
obtained today from a sealed box
that is placed on a table located at
the head of the Law Steps.

Each of these petitions must bear
the name of the nominee and the
signatures of 25 members of the
class of '35. Each student may sign
only one petition. These petitions
will be handed out from 8 to 5
o'clock today and must be filed be
tween those hours tomorrow.
The officers that are to be elected
are the president, vice-president,
secretary, and treasurer. All decli
nations must be in the hands of the
Election Committee by Friday night,
and may be filed either Thursday or
Friday. The primary election will be
held on November 10, and the finals
on a date to be set by the Executive
Committee later.
Beverly Robinson, chairman of the
A.S.S.U. Election Committee, an
nounces that petitions for the offi
cers of the freshman class may be
obtained today from a sealed box
that is placed on a table located at
the head of the Law Steps.

Each of these petitions must bear
the name of the nominee and the
signatures of 25 members of the
class of '35. Each student may sign
only one petition. These petitions
will be handed out from 8 to 5
o'clock today and must be filed be
tween those hours tomorrow.
The officers that are to be elected
are the president, vice-president,
secretary, and treasurer. All decli
nations must be in the hands of the
Election Committee by Friday night,
and may be filed either Thursday or
Friday. The primary election will be
held on November 10, and the finals
on a date to be set by the Executive
Committee later.
Beverly Robinson, chairman of the
A.S.S.U. Election Committee, an
nounces that petitions for the offi
cers of the freshman class may be
obtained today from a sealed box
that is placed on a table located at
the head of the Law Steps.

Each of these petitions must bear
the name of the nominee and the
signatures of 25 members of the
class of '35. Each student may sign
only one petition. These petitions
will be handed out from 8 to 5
o'clock today and must be filed be
tween those hours tomorrow.
The officers that are to be elected
are the president, vice-president,
secretary, and treasurer. All decli
nations must be in the hands of the
Election Committee by Friday night,
and may be filed either Thursday or
Friday. The primary election will be
held on November 10, and the finals
on a date to be set by the Executive
Committee later.
Beverly Robinson, chairman of the
A.S.S.U. Election Committee, an
nounces that petitions for the offi
cers of the freshman class may be
obtained today from a sealed box
that is placed on a table located at
the head of the Law Steps.

Each of these petitions must bear
the name of the nominee and the
signatures of 25 members of the
class of '35. Each student may sign
only one petition. These petitions
will be handed out from 8 to 5
o'clock today and must be filed be
tween those hours tomorrow.
The officers that are to be elected
are the president, vice-president,
secretary, and treasurer. All decli
nations must be in the hands of the
Election Committee by Friday night,
and may be filed either Thursday or
Friday. The primary election will be
held on November 10, and the finals
on a date to be set by the Executive
Committee later.
Beverly Robinson, chairman of the
A.S.S.U. Election Committee, an
nounces that petitions for the offi
cers of the freshman class may be
obtained today from a sealed box
that is placed on a table located at
the head of the Law Steps.

Each of these petitions must bear
the name of the nominee and the
signatures of 25 members of the
class of '35. Each student may sign
only one petition. These petitions
will be handed out from 8 to 5
o'clock today and must be filed be
tween those hours tomorrow.
The officers that are to be elected
are the president, vice-president,
secretary, and treasurer. All decli
nations must be in the hands of the
Election Committee by Friday night,
and may be filed either Thursday or
Friday. The primary election will be
held on November 10, and the finals
on a date to be set by the Executive
Committee later.
Beverly Robinson, chairman of the
A.S.S.U. Election Committee, an
nounces that petitions for the offi
cers of the freshman class may be
obtained today from a sealed box
that is placed on a table located at
the head of the Law Steps.

Each of these petitions must bear
the name of the nominee and the
signatures of 25 members of the
class of '35. Each student may sign
only one petition. These petitions
will be handed out from 8 to 5
o'clock today and must be filed be
tween those hours tomorrow.
The officers that are to be elected
are the president, vice-president,
secretary, and treasurer. All decli
nations must be in the hands of the
Election Committee by Friday night,
and may be filed either Thursday or
Friday. The primary election will be
held on November 10, and the finals
on a date to be set by the Executive
Committee later.
Beverly Robinson, chairman of the
A.S.S.U. Election Committee, an
nounces that petitions for the offi
cers of the freshman class may be
obtained today from a sealed box
that is placed on a table located at
the head of the Law Steps.

Each of these petitions must bear
the name of the nominee and the
signatures of 25 members of the
class of '35. Each student may sign
only one petition. These petitions
will be handed out from 8 to 5
o'clock today and must be filed be
tween those hours tomorrow.
The officers that are to be elected
are the president, vice-president,
secretary, and treasurer. All decli
nations must be in the hands of the
Election Committee by Friday night,
and may be filed either Thursday or
Friday. The primary election will be
held on November 10, and the finals
on a date to be set by the Executive
Committee later.
Beverly Robinson, chairman of the
A.S.S.U. Election Committee, an
nounces that petitions for the offi
cers of the freshman class may be
obtained today from a sealed box
that is placed on a table located at
the head of the Law Steps.

Each of these petitions must bear
the name of the nominee and the
signatures of 25 members of the
class of '35. Each student may sign
only one petition. These petitions
will be handed out from 8 to 5
o'clock today and must be filed be
tween those hours tomorrow.
The officers that are to be elected
are the president, vice-president,
secretary, and treasurer. All decli
nations must be in the hands of the
Election Committee by Friday night,
and may be filed either Thursday or
Friday. The primary election will be
held on November 10, and the finals
on a date to be set by the Executive
Committee later.
