# BULL SESSION
## "BARKLEY SQUARE" 
### 
There are two viewpoints to every
play—the viewpoint of ihe reviewer
that has free seats and wishes free
;seats in the future; and the viewpoint
of the person who sits in paid seats
and has little if any hope of ever re
ceiving "reviewer's seats." When
ever the former group attempts to
exchange attitudes with the latter,
without exchanging seating privi
leges as well, dire consequences of
ten result. This writer belongs to
the latter bunch—those that pay
for what they see, and write what
they hear.
But strange as it may seem, in the
case of "Burkley Square" (spelled
"Berkeley' Square" and pronounced
the same way by those not yet ini
tiated into the mysteries of British
Isles English), we might as well
have had free tickets, so well did
we enjoy this play. Alter hearing
the tryouts, the impression was
gathered that this production was to
be one of those typical "English"
dramas where everybody is always
bellowing forth "Cheerio, old dear"
—"Let's 'ave tea with 'er Ladyship,"
etc., etc., and etc., again.
However, this was not the case.
Whether the author, Mr. Baldter
ston, or the director, Mr. Helven
ston, were responsible for keeping
out that overdrawn, barely under
standable, mushy (meaning as if the
words were spoken with the mouth
filled with breakfast food) type of
English is not known—but whoever
did, let us give honor where honor
is due. Many movies, in attempting
to bring out an English atmosphere,
feel that this extreme English ac
cent is indispensable; and so it was
with fear and trepidation that we
awaited the first lines, and it was
with growing pleasure and intelligi
bility that we heard the production.

Many of the parts were difficult,
especially before a campus audience

—in which anything dramatic or
romantic is sure to got the pro
verbial "winged creature with
feathers." Vallejo Gantner walked
off with first honors without any
difficulty; Gantner was playing a
difficult role but one which he must
have enjoyed immensely. An actor
has to be good to give the kiss

"that was to last down through the
centuries" (or some ruch thing) in
the Stanford Assembly Hall without
getting laughs even from the
roughs. By the same token, one
might think th;:t Peg Converse had
to exhibit excellence in receiving
the kiss in question, but this does
not hold as it was one of those
kisses in which the male takes all
the initiative.
Second place is divided somewhat
equally between Edward Girzi, who
was able to hold off the "villain's
hiss" from the gallery until the play
was almost over, and James Sandoe
as the type of "friend in every fam
ily" that many members of the fam
ily would be willing to dispense
with. Girzi, even though he hashed
a few lines, was entertaining
throughout, and as the "man's man"
and the "parlor maid's big menace,"
he hardly can be charged with
overplaying his part. Sandoe, in a
very meek part, did not attract the
attention that his ability would
merit; but any student that could
play a man of 47 with Sandoe's re
serve is plenty good.
The women were probably O.K.
but from my center seat—that is,
center up against the projection
booth, 1 lost too many of their lines
to judge them fairly. Peg Converse
was demure, but too soft and low
for the rough section. The rest of
the cast was unusually good and
finished off the play in grand scale.
This may sound like publicity bally
hoo, but ask the men that saw it.
—Abe Mellinkoff.
There are two viewpoints to every
play—the viewpoint of ihe reviewer
that has free seats and wishes free
;seats in the future; and the viewpoint
of the person who sits in paid seats
and has little if any hope of ever re
ceiving "reviewer's seats." When
ever the former group attempts to
exchange attitudes with the latter,
without exchanging seating privi
leges as well, dire consequences of
ten result. This writer belongs to
the latter bunch—those that pay
for what they see, and write what
they hear.
But strange as it may seem, in the
case of "Burkley Square" (spelled
"Berkeley' Square" and pronounced
the same way by those not yet ini
tiated into the mysteries of British
Isles English), we might as well
have had free tickets, so well did
we enjoy this play. Alter hearing
the tryouts, the impression was
gathered that this production was to
be one of those typical "English"
dramas where everybody is always
bellowing forth "Cheerio, old dear"
—"Let's 'ave tea with 'er Ladyship,"
etc., etc., and etc., again.
However, this was not the case.
Whether the author, Mr. Baldter
ston, or the director, Mr. Helven
ston, were responsible for keeping
out that overdrawn, barely under
standable, mushy (meaning as if the
words were spoken with the mouth
filled with breakfast food) type of
English is not known—but whoever
did, let us give honor where honor
is due. Many movies, in attempting
to bring out an English atmosphere,
feel that this extreme English ac
cent is indispensable; and so it was
with fear and trepidation that we
awaited the first lines, and it was
with growing pleasure and intelligi
bility that we heard the production.

Many of the parts were difficult,
especially before a campus audience

—in which anything dramatic or
romantic is sure to got the pro
verbial "winged creature with
feathers." Vallejo Gantner walked
off with first honors without any
difficulty; Gantner was playing a
difficult role but one which he must
have enjoyed immensely. An actor
has to be good to give the kiss

"that was to last down through the
centuries" (or some ruch thing) in
the Stanford Assembly Hall without
getting laughs even from the
roughs. By the same token, one
might think th;:t Peg Converse had
to exhibit excellence in receiving
the kiss in question, but this does
not hold as it was one of those
kisses in which the male takes all
the initiative.
Second place is divided somewhat
equally between Edward Girzi, who
was able to hold off the "villain's
hiss" from the gallery until the play
was almost over, and James Sandoe
as the type of "friend in every fam
ily" that many members of the fam
ily would be willing to dispense
with. Girzi, even though he hashed
a few lines, was entertaining
throughout, and as the "man's man"
and the "parlor maid's big menace,"
he hardly can be charged with
overplaying his part. Sandoe, in a
very meek part, did not attract the
attention that his ability would
merit; but any student that could
play a man of 47 with Sandoe's re
serve is plenty good.
The women were probably O.K.
but from my center seat—that is,
center up against the projection
booth, 1 lost too many of their lines
to judge them fairly. Peg Converse
was demure, but too soft and low
for the rough section. The rest of
the cast was unusually good and
finished off the play in grand scale.
This may sound like publicity bally
hoo, but ask the men that saw it.
—Abe Mellinkoff.
There are two viewpoints to every
play—the viewpoint of ihe reviewer
that has free seats and wishes free
;seats in the future; and the viewpoint
of the person who sits in paid seats
and has little if any hope of ever re
ceiving "reviewer's seats." When
ever the former group attempts to
exchange attitudes with the latter,
without exchanging seating privi
leges as well, dire consequences of
ten result. This writer belongs to
the latter bunch—those that pay
for what they see, and write what
they hear.
But strange as it may seem, in the
case of "Burkley Square" (spelled
"Berkeley' Square" and pronounced
the same way by those not yet ini
tiated into the mysteries of British
Isles English), we might as well
have had free tickets, so well did
we enjoy this play. Alter hearing
the tryouts, the impression was
gathered that this production was to
be one of those typical "English"
dramas where everybody is always
bellowing forth "Cheerio, old dear"
—"Let's 'ave tea with 'er Ladyship,"
etc., etc., and etc., again.
However, this was not the case.
Whether the author, Mr. Baldter
ston, or the director, Mr. Helven
ston, were responsible for keeping
out that overdrawn, barely under
standable, mushy (meaning as if the
words were spoken with the mouth
filled with breakfast food) type of
English is not known—but whoever
did, let us give honor where honor
is due. Many movies, in attempting
to bring out an English atmosphere,
feel that this extreme English ac
cent is indispensable; and so it was
with fear and trepidation that we
awaited the first lines, and it was
with growing pleasure and intelligi
bility that we heard the production.

Many of the parts were difficult,
especially before a campus audience

—in which anything dramatic or
romantic is sure to got the pro
verbial "winged creature with
feathers." Vallejo Gantner walked
off with first honors without any
difficulty; Gantner was playing a
difficult role but one which he must
have enjoyed immensely. An actor
has to be good to give the kiss

"that was to last down through the
centuries" (or some ruch thing) in
the Stanford Assembly Hall without
getting laughs even from the
roughs. By the same token, one
might think th;:t Peg Converse had
to exhibit excellence in receiving
the kiss in question, but this does
not hold as it was one of those
kisses in which the male takes all
the initiative.
Second place is divided somewhat
equally between Edward Girzi, who
was able to hold off the "villain's
hiss" from the gallery until the play
was almost over, and James Sandoe
as the type of "friend in every fam
ily" that many members of the fam
ily would be willing to dispense
with. Girzi, even though he hashed
a few lines, was entertaining
throughout, and as the "man's man"
and the "parlor maid's big menace,"
he hardly can be charged with
overplaying his part. Sandoe, in a
very meek part, did not attract the
attention that his ability would
merit; but any student that could
play a man of 47 with Sandoe's re
serve is plenty good.
The women were probably O.K.
but from my center seat—that is,
center up against the projection
booth, 1 lost too many of their lines
to judge them fairly. Peg Converse
was demure, but too soft and low
for the rough section. The rest of
the cast was unusually good and
finished off the play in grand scale.
This may sound like publicity bally
hoo, but ask the men that saw it.
—Abe Mellinkoff.
There are two viewpoints to every
play—the viewpoint of ihe reviewer
that has free seats and wishes free
;seats in the future; and the viewpoint
of the person who sits in paid seats
and has little if any hope of ever re
ceiving "reviewer's seats." When
ever the former group attempts to
exchange attitudes with the latter,
without exchanging seating privi
leges as well, dire consequences of
ten result. This writer belongs to
the latter bunch—those that pay
for what they see, and write what
they hear.
But strange as it may seem, in the
case of "Burkley Square" (spelled
"Berkeley' Square" and pronounced
the same way by those not yet ini
tiated into the mysteries of British
Isles English), we might as well
have had free tickets, so well did
we enjoy this play. Alter hearing
the tryouts, the impression was
gathered that this production was to
be one of those typical "English"
dramas where everybody is always
bellowing forth "Cheerio, old dear"
—"Let's 'ave tea with 'er Ladyship,"
etc., etc., and etc., again.
However, this was not the case.
Whether the author, Mr. Baldter
ston, or the director, Mr. Helven
ston, were responsible for keeping
out that overdrawn, barely under
standable, mushy (meaning as if the
words were spoken with the mouth
filled with breakfast food) type of
English is not known—but whoever
did, let us give honor where honor
is due. Many movies, in attempting
to bring out an English atmosphere,
feel that this extreme English ac
cent is indispensable; and so it was
with fear and trepidation that we
awaited the first lines, and it was
with growing pleasure and intelligi
bility that we heard the production.

Many of the parts were difficult,
especially before a campus audience

—in which anything dramatic or
romantic is sure to got the pro
verbial "winged creature with
feathers." Vallejo Gantner walked
off with first honors without any
difficulty; Gantner was playing a
difficult role but one which he must
have enjoyed immensely. An actor
has to be good to give the kiss

"that was to last down through the
centuries" (or some ruch thing) in
the Stanford Assembly Hall without
getting laughs even from the
roughs. By the same token, one
might think th;:t Peg Converse had
to exhibit excellence in receiving
the kiss in question, but this does
not hold as it was one of those
kisses in which the male takes all
the initiative.
Second place is divided somewhat
equally between Edward Girzi, who
was able to hold off the "villain's
hiss" from the gallery until the play
was almost over, and James Sandoe
as the type of "friend in every fam
ily" that many members of the fam
ily would be willing to dispense
with. Girzi, even though he hashed
a few lines, was entertaining
throughout, and as the "man's man"
and the "parlor maid's big menace,"
he hardly can be charged with
overplaying his part. Sandoe, in a
very meek part, did not attract the
attention that his ability would
merit; but any student that could
play a man of 47 with Sandoe's re
serve is plenty good.
The women were probably O.K.
but from my center seat—that is,
center up against the projection
booth, 1 lost too many of their lines
to judge them fairly. Peg Converse
was demure, but too soft and low
for the rough section. The rest of
the cast was unusually good and
finished off the play in grand scale.
This may sound like publicity bally
hoo, but ask the men that saw it.
—Abe Mellinkoff.
There are two viewpoints to every
play—the viewpoint of ihe reviewer
that has free seats and wishes free
;seats in the future; and the viewpoint
of the person who sits in paid seats
and has little if any hope of ever re
ceiving "reviewer's seats." When
ever the former group attempts to
exchange attitudes with the latter,
without exchanging seating privi
leges as well, dire consequences of
ten result. This writer belongs to
the latter bunch—those that pay
for what they see, and write what
they hear.
But strange as it may seem, in the
case of "Burkley Square" (spelled
"Berkeley' Square" and pronounced
the same way by those not yet ini
tiated into the mysteries of British
Isles English), we might as well
have had free tickets, so well did
we enjoy this play. Alter hearing
the tryouts, the impression was
gathered that this production was to
be one of those typical "English"
dramas where everybody is always
bellowing forth "Cheerio, old dear"
—"Let's 'ave tea with 'er Ladyship,"
etc., etc., and etc., again.
However, this was not the case.
Whether the author, Mr. Baldter
ston, or the director, Mr. Helven
ston, were responsible for keeping
out that overdrawn, barely under
standable, mushy (meaning as if the
words were spoken with the mouth
filled with breakfast food) type of
English is not known—but whoever
did, let us give honor where honor
is due. Many movies, in attempting
to bring out an English atmosphere,
feel that this extreme English ac
cent is indispensable; and so it was
with fear and trepidation that we
awaited the first lines, and it was
with growing pleasure and intelligi
bility that we heard the production.

Many of the parts were difficult,
especially before a campus audience

—in which anything dramatic or
romantic is sure to got the pro
verbial "winged creature with
feathers." Vallejo Gantner walked
off with first honors without any
difficulty; Gantner was playing a
difficult role but one which he must
have enjoyed immensely. An actor
has to be good to give the kiss

"that was to last down through the
centuries" (or some ruch thing) in
the Stanford Assembly Hall without
getting laughs even from the
roughs. By the same token, one
might think th;:t Peg Converse had
to exhibit excellence in receiving
the kiss in question, but this does
not hold as it was one of those
kisses in which the male takes all
the initiative.
Second place is divided somewhat
equally between Edward Girzi, who
was able to hold off the "villain's
hiss" from the gallery until the play
was almost over, and James Sandoe
as the type of "friend in every fam
ily" that many members of the fam
ily would be willing to dispense
with. Girzi, even though he hashed
a few lines, was entertaining
throughout, and as the "man's man"
and the "parlor maid's big menace,"
he hardly can be charged with
overplaying his part. Sandoe, in a
very meek part, did not attract the
attention that his ability would
merit; but any student that could
play a man of 47 with Sandoe's re
serve is plenty good.
The women were probably O.K.
but from my center seat—that is,
center up against the projection
booth, 1 lost too many of their lines
to judge them fairly. Peg Converse
was demure, but too soft and low
for the rough section. The rest of
the cast was unusually good and
finished off the play in grand scale.
This may sound like publicity bally
hoo, but ask the men that saw it.
—Abe Mellinkoff.
There are two viewpoints to every
play—the viewpoint of ihe reviewer
that has free seats and wishes free
;seats in the future; and the viewpoint
of the person who sits in paid seats
and has little if any hope of ever re
ceiving "reviewer's seats." When
ever the former group attempts to
exchange attitudes with the latter,
without exchanging seating privi
leges as well, dire consequences of
ten result. This writer belongs to
the latter bunch—those that pay
for what they see, and write what
they hear.
But strange as it may seem, in the
case of "Burkley Square" (spelled
"Berkeley' Square" and pronounced
the same way by those not yet ini
tiated into the mysteries of British
Isles English), we might as well
have had free tickets, so well did
we enjoy this play. Alter hearing
the tryouts, the impression was
gathered that this production was to
be one of those typical "English"
dramas where everybody is always
bellowing forth "Cheerio, old dear"
—"Let's 'ave tea with 'er Ladyship,"
etc., etc., and etc., again.
However, this was not the case.
Whether the author, Mr. Baldter
ston, or the director, Mr. Helven
ston, were responsible for keeping
out that overdrawn, barely under
standable, mushy (meaning as if the
words were spoken with the mouth
filled with breakfast food) type of
English is not known—but whoever
did, let us give honor where honor
is due. Many movies, in attempting
to bring out an English atmosphere,
feel that this extreme English ac
cent is indispensable; and so it was
with fear and trepidation that we
awaited the first lines, and it was
with growing pleasure and intelligi
bility that we heard the production.

Many of the parts were difficult,
especially before a campus audience

—in which anything dramatic or
romantic is sure to got the pro
verbial "winged creature with
feathers." Vallejo Gantner walked
off with first honors without any
difficulty; Gantner was playing a
difficult role but one which he must
have enjoyed immensely. An actor
has to be good to give the kiss

"that was to last down through the
centuries" (or some ruch thing) in
the Stanford Assembly Hall without
getting laughs even from the
roughs. By the same token, one
might think th;:t Peg Converse had
to exhibit excellence in receiving
the kiss in question, but this does
not hold as it was one of those
kisses in which the male takes all
the initiative.
Second place is divided somewhat
equally between Edward Girzi, who
was able to hold off the "villain's
hiss" from the gallery until the play
was almost over, and James Sandoe
as the type of "friend in every fam
ily" that many members of the fam
ily would be willing to dispense
with. Girzi, even though he hashed
a few lines, was entertaining
throughout, and as the "man's man"
and the "parlor maid's big menace,"
he hardly can be charged with
overplaying his part. Sandoe, in a
very meek part, did not attract the
attention that his ability would
merit; but any student that could
play a man of 47 with Sandoe's re
serve is plenty good.
The women were probably O.K.
but from my center seat—that is,
center up against the projection
booth, 1 lost too many of their lines
to judge them fairly. Peg Converse
was demure, but too soft and low
for the rough section. The rest of
the cast was unusually good and
finished off the play in grand scale.
This may sound like publicity bally
hoo, but ask the men that saw it.
—Abe Mellinkoff.
There are two viewpoints to every
play—the viewpoint of ihe reviewer
that has free seats and wishes free
;seats in the future; and the viewpoint
of the person who sits in paid seats
and has little if any hope of ever re
ceiving "reviewer's seats." When
ever the former group attempts to
exchange attitudes with the latter,
without exchanging seating privi
leges as well, dire consequences of
ten result. This writer belongs to
the latter bunch—those that pay
for what they see, and write what
they hear.
But strange as it may seem, in the
case of "Burkley Square" (spelled
"Berkeley' Square" and pronounced
the same way by those not yet ini
tiated into the mysteries of British
Isles English), we might as well
have had free tickets, so well did
we enjoy this play. Alter hearing
the tryouts, the impression was
gathered that this production was to
be one of those typical "English"
dramas where everybody is always
bellowing forth "Cheerio, old dear"
—"Let's 'ave tea with 'er Ladyship,"
etc., etc., and etc., again.
However, this was not the case.
Whether the author, Mr. Baldter
ston, or the director, Mr. Helven
ston, were responsible for keeping
out that overdrawn, barely under
standable, mushy (meaning as if the
words were spoken with the mouth
filled with breakfast food) type of
English is not known—but whoever
did, let us give honor where honor
is due. Many movies, in attempting
to bring out an English atmosphere,
feel that this extreme English ac
cent is indispensable; and so it was
with fear and trepidation that we
awaited the first lines, and it was
with growing pleasure and intelligi
bility that we heard the production.

Many of the parts were difficult,
especially before a campus audience

—in which anything dramatic or
romantic is sure to got the pro
verbial "winged creature with
feathers." Vallejo Gantner walked
off with first honors without any
difficulty; Gantner was playing a
difficult role but one which he must
have enjoyed immensely. An actor
has to be good to give the kiss

"that was to last down through the
centuries" (or some ruch thing) in
the Stanford Assembly Hall without
getting laughs even from the
roughs. By the same token, one
might think th;:t Peg Converse had
to exhibit excellence in receiving
the kiss in question, but this does
not hold as it was one of those
kisses in which the male takes all
the initiative.
Second place is divided somewhat
equally between Edward Girzi, who
was able to hold off the "villain's
hiss" from the gallery until the play
was almost over, and James Sandoe
as the type of "friend in every fam
ily" that many members of the fam
ily would be willing to dispense
with. Girzi, even though he hashed
a few lines, was entertaining
throughout, and as the "man's man"
and the "parlor maid's big menace,"
he hardly can be charged with
overplaying his part. Sandoe, in a
very meek part, did not attract the
attention that his ability would
merit; but any student that could
play a man of 47 with Sandoe's re
serve is plenty good.
The women were probably O.K.
but from my center seat—that is,
center up against the projection
booth, 1 lost too many of their lines
to judge them fairly. Peg Converse
was demure, but too soft and low
for the rough section. The rest of
the cast was unusually good and
finished off the play in grand scale.
This may sound like publicity bally
hoo, but ask the men that saw it.
—Abe Mellinkoff.
There are two viewpoints to every
play—the viewpoint of ihe reviewer
that has free seats and wishes free
;seats in the future; and the viewpoint
of the person who sits in paid seats
and has little if any hope of ever re
ceiving "reviewer's seats." When
ever the former group attempts to
exchange attitudes with the latter,
without exchanging seating privi
leges as well, dire consequences of
ten result. This writer belongs to
the latter bunch—those that pay
for what they see, and write what
they hear.
But strange as it may seem, in the
case of "Burkley Square" (spelled
"Berkeley' Square" and pronounced
the same way by those not yet ini
tiated into the mysteries of British
Isles English), we might as well
have had free tickets, so well did
we enjoy this play. Alter hearing
the tryouts, the impression was
gathered that this production was to
be one of those typical "English"
dramas where everybody is always
bellowing forth "Cheerio, old dear"
—"Let's 'ave tea with 'er Ladyship,"
etc., etc., and etc., again.
However, this was not the case.
Whether the author, Mr. Baldter
ston, or the director, Mr. Helven
ston, were responsible for keeping
out that overdrawn, barely under
standable, mushy (meaning as if the
words were spoken with the mouth
filled with breakfast food) type of
English is not known—but whoever
did, let us give honor where honor
is due. Many movies, in attempting
to bring out an English atmosphere,
feel that this extreme English ac
cent is indispensable; and so it was
with fear and trepidation that we
awaited the first lines, and it was
with growing pleasure and intelligi
bility that we heard the production.

Many of the parts were difficult,
especially before a campus audience

—in which anything dramatic or
romantic is sure to got the pro
verbial "winged creature with
feathers." Vallejo Gantner walked
off with first honors without any
difficulty; Gantner was playing a
difficult role but one which he must
have enjoyed immensely. An actor
has to be good to give the kiss

"that was to last down through the
centuries" (or some ruch thing) in
the Stanford Assembly Hall without
getting laughs even from the
roughs. By the same token, one
might think th;:t Peg Converse had
to exhibit excellence in receiving
the kiss in question, but this does
not hold as it was one of those
kisses in which the male takes all
the initiative.
Second place is divided somewhat
equally between Edward Girzi, who
was able to hold off the "villain's
hiss" from the gallery until the play
was almost over, and James Sandoe
as the type of "friend in every fam
ily" that many members of the fam
ily would be willing to dispense
with. Girzi, even though he hashed
a few lines, was entertaining
throughout, and as the "man's man"
and the "parlor maid's big menace,"
he hardly can be charged with
overplaying his part. Sandoe, in a
very meek part, did not attract the
attention that his ability would
merit; but any student that could
play a man of 47 with Sandoe's re
serve is plenty good.
The women were probably O.K.
but from my center seat—that is,
center up against the projection
booth, 1 lost too many of their lines
to judge them fairly. Peg Converse
was demure, but too soft and low
for the rough section. The rest of
the cast was unusually good and
finished off the play in grand scale.
This may sound like publicity bally
hoo, but ask the men that saw it.
—Abe Mellinkoff.
There are two viewpoints to every
play—the viewpoint of ihe reviewer
that has free seats and wishes free
;seats in the future; and the viewpoint
of the person who sits in paid seats
and has little if any hope of ever re
ceiving "reviewer's seats." When
ever the former group attempts to
exchange attitudes with the latter,
without exchanging seating privi
leges as well, dire consequences of
ten result. This writer belongs to
the latter bunch—those that pay
for what they see, and write what
they hear.
But strange as it may seem, in the
case of "Burkley Square" (spelled
"Berkeley' Square" and pronounced
the same way by those not yet ini
tiated into the mysteries of British
Isles English), we might as well
have had free tickets, so well did
we enjoy this play. Alter hearing
the tryouts, the impression was
gathered that this production was to
be one of those typical "English"
dramas where everybody is always
bellowing forth "Cheerio, old dear"
—"Let's 'ave tea with 'er Ladyship,"
etc., etc., and etc., again.
However, this was not the case.
Whether the author, Mr. Baldter
ston, or the director, Mr. Helven
ston, were responsible for keeping
out that overdrawn, barely under
standable, mushy (meaning as if the
words were spoken with the mouth
filled with breakfast food) type of
English is not known—but whoever
did, let us give honor where honor
is due. Many movies, in attempting
to bring out an English atmosphere,
feel that this extreme English ac
cent is indispensable; and so it was
with fear and trepidation that we
awaited the first lines, and it was
with growing pleasure and intelligi
bility that we heard the production.

Many of the parts were difficult,
especially before a campus audience

—in which anything dramatic or
romantic is sure to got the pro
verbial "winged creature with
feathers." Vallejo Gantner walked
off with first honors without any
difficulty; Gantner was playing a
difficult role but one which he must
have enjoyed immensely. An actor
has to be good to give the kiss

"that was to last down through the
centuries" (or some ruch thing) in
the Stanford Assembly Hall without
getting laughs even from the
roughs. By the same token, one
might think th;:t Peg Converse had
to exhibit excellence in receiving
the kiss in question, but this does
not hold as it was one of those
kisses in which the male takes all
the initiative.
Second place is divided somewhat
equally between Edward Girzi, who
was able to hold off the "villain's
hiss" from the gallery until the play
was almost over, and James Sandoe
as the type of "friend in every fam
ily" that many members of the fam
ily would be willing to dispense
with. Girzi, even though he hashed
a few lines, was entertaining
throughout, and as the "man's man"
and the "parlor maid's big menace,"
he hardly can be charged with
overplaying his part. Sandoe, in a
very meek part, did not attract the
attention that his ability would
merit; but any student that could
play a man of 47 with Sandoe's re
serve is plenty good.
The women were probably O.K.
but from my center seat—that is,
center up against the projection
booth, 1 lost too many of their lines
to judge them fairly. Peg Converse
was demure, but too soft and low
for the rough section. The rest of
the cast was unusually good and
finished off the play in grand scale.
This may sound like publicity bally
hoo, but ask the men that saw it.
—Abe Mellinkoff.
There are two viewpoints to every
play—the viewpoint of ihe reviewer
that has free seats and wishes free
;seats in the future; and the viewpoint
of the person who sits in paid seats
and has little if any hope of ever re
ceiving "reviewer's seats." When
ever the former group attempts to
exchange attitudes with the latter,
without exchanging seating privi
leges as well, dire consequences of
ten result. This writer belongs to
the latter bunch—those that pay
for what they see, and write what
they hear.
But strange as it may seem, in the
case of "Burkley Square" (spelled
"Berkeley' Square" and pronounced
the same way by those not yet ini
tiated into the mysteries of British
Isles English), we might as well
have had free tickets, so well did
we enjoy this play. Alter hearing
the tryouts, the impression was
gathered that this production was to
be one of those typical "English"
dramas where everybody is always
bellowing forth "Cheerio, old dear"
—"Let's 'ave tea with 'er Ladyship,"
etc., etc., and etc., again.
However, this was not the case.
Whether the author, Mr. Baldter
ston, or the director, Mr. Helven
ston, were responsible for keeping
out that overdrawn, barely under
standable, mushy (meaning as if the
words were spoken with the mouth
filled with breakfast food) type of
English is not known—but whoever
did, let us give honor where honor
is due. Many movies, in attempting
to bring out an English atmosphere,
feel that this extreme English ac
cent is indispensable; and so it was
with fear and trepidation that we
awaited the first lines, and it was
with growing pleasure and intelligi
bility that we heard the production.

Many of the parts were difficult,
especially before a campus audience

—in which anything dramatic or
romantic is sure to got the pro
verbial "winged creature with
feathers." Vallejo Gantner walked
off with first honors without any
difficulty; Gantner was playing a
difficult role but one which he must
have enjoyed immensely. An actor
has to be good to give the kiss

"that was to last down through the
centuries" (or some ruch thing) in
the Stanford Assembly Hall without
getting laughs even from the
roughs. By the same token, one
might think th;:t Peg Converse had
to exhibit excellence in receiving
the kiss in question, but this does
not hold as it was one of those
kisses in which the male takes all
the initiative.
Second place is divided somewhat
equally between Edward Girzi, who
was able to hold off the "villain's
hiss" from the gallery until the play
was almost over, and James Sandoe
as the type of "friend in every fam
ily" that many members of the fam
ily would be willing to dispense
with. Girzi, even though he hashed
a few lines, was entertaining
throughout, and as the "man's man"
and the "parlor maid's big menace,"
he hardly can be charged with
overplaying his part. Sandoe, in a
very meek part, did not attract the
attention that his ability would
merit; but any student that could
play a man of 47 with Sandoe's re
serve is plenty good.
The women were probably O.K.
but from my center seat—that is,
center up against the projection
booth, 1 lost too many of their lines
to judge them fairly. Peg Converse
was demure, but too soft and low
for the rough section. The rest of
the cast was unusually good and
finished off the play in grand scale.
This may sound like publicity bally
hoo, but ask the men that saw it.
—Abe Mellinkoff.
There are two viewpoints to every
play—the viewpoint of ihe reviewer
that has free seats and wishes free
;seats in the future; and the viewpoint
of the person who sits in paid seats
and has little if any hope of ever re
ceiving "reviewer's seats." When
ever the former group attempts to
exchange attitudes with the latter,
without exchanging seating privi
leges as well, dire consequences of
ten result. This writer belongs to
the latter bunch—those that pay
for what they see, and write what
they hear.
But strange as it may seem, in the
case of "Burkley Square" (spelled
"Berkeley' Square" and pronounced
the same way by those not yet ini
tiated into the mysteries of British
Isles English), we might as well
have had free tickets, so well did
we enjoy this play. Alter hearing
the tryouts, the impression was
gathered that this production was to
be one of those typical "English"
dramas where everybody is always
bellowing forth "Cheerio, old dear"
—"Let's 'ave tea with 'er Ladyship,"
etc., etc., and etc., again.
However, this was not the case.
Whether the author, Mr. Baldter
ston, or the director, Mr. Helven
ston, were responsible for keeping
out that overdrawn, barely under
standable, mushy (meaning as if the
words were spoken with the mouth
filled with breakfast food) type of
English is not known—but whoever
did, let us give honor where honor
is due. Many movies, in attempting
to bring out an English atmosphere,
feel that this extreme English ac
cent is indispensable; and so it was
with fear and trepidation that we
awaited the first lines, and it was
with growing pleasure and intelligi
bility that we heard the production.

Many of the parts were difficult,
especially before a campus audience

—in which anything dramatic or
romantic is sure to got the pro
verbial "winged creature with
feathers." Vallejo Gantner walked
off with first honors without any
difficulty; Gantner was playing a
difficult role but one which he must
have enjoyed immensely. An actor
has to be good to give the kiss

"that was to last down through the
centuries" (or some ruch thing) in
the Stanford Assembly Hall without
getting laughs even from the
roughs. By the same token, one
might think th;:t Peg Converse had
to exhibit excellence in receiving
the kiss in question, but this does
not hold as it was one of those
kisses in which the male takes all
the initiative.
Second place is divided somewhat
equally between Edward Girzi, who
was able to hold off the "villain's
hiss" from the gallery until the play
was almost over, and James Sandoe
as the type of "friend in every fam
ily" that many members of the fam
ily would be willing to dispense
with. Girzi, even though he hashed
a few lines, was entertaining
throughout, and as the "man's man"
and the "parlor maid's big menace,"
he hardly can be charged with
overplaying his part. Sandoe, in a
very meek part, did not attract the
attention that his ability would
merit; but any student that could
play a man of 47 with Sandoe's re
serve is plenty good.
The women were probably O.K.
but from my center seat—that is,
center up against the projection
booth, 1 lost too many of their lines
to judge them fairly. Peg Converse
was demure, but too soft and low
for the rough section. The rest of
the cast was unusually good and
finished off the play in grand scale.
This may sound like publicity bally
hoo, but ask the men that saw it.
—Abe Mellinkoff.
There are two viewpoints to every
play—the viewpoint of ihe reviewer
that has free seats and wishes free
;seats in the future; and the viewpoint
of the person who sits in paid seats
and has little if any hope of ever re
ceiving "reviewer's seats." When
ever the former group attempts to
exchange attitudes with the latter,
without exchanging seating privi
leges as well, dire consequences of
ten result. This writer belongs to
the latter bunch—those that pay
for what they see, and write what
they hear.
But strange as it may seem, in the
case of "Burkley Square" (spelled
"Berkeley' Square" and pronounced
the same way by those not yet ini
tiated into the mysteries of British
Isles English), we might as well
have had free tickets, so well did
we enjoy this play. Alter hearing
the tryouts, the impression was
gathered that this production was to
be one of those typical "English"
dramas where everybody is always
bellowing forth "Cheerio, old dear"
—"Let's 'ave tea with 'er Ladyship,"
etc., etc., and etc., again.
However, this was not the case.
Whether the author, Mr. Baldter
ston, or the director, Mr. Helven
ston, were responsible for keeping
out that overdrawn, barely under
standable, mushy (meaning as if the
words were spoken with the mouth
filled with breakfast food) type of
English is not known—but whoever
did, let us give honor where honor
is due. Many movies, in attempting
to bring out an English atmosphere,
feel that this extreme English ac
cent is indispensable; and so it was
with fear and trepidation that we
awaited the first lines, and it was
with growing pleasure and intelligi
bility that we heard the production.

Many of the parts were difficult,
especially before a campus audience

—in which anything dramatic or
romantic is sure to got the pro
verbial "winged creature with
feathers." Vallejo Gantner walked
off with first honors without any
difficulty; Gantner was playing a
difficult role but one which he must
have enjoyed immensely. An actor
has to be good to give the kiss

"that was to last down through the
centuries" (or some ruch thing) in
the Stanford Assembly Hall without
getting laughs even from the
roughs. By the same token, one
might think th;:t Peg Converse had
to exhibit excellence in receiving
the kiss in question, but this does
not hold as it was one of those
kisses in which the male takes all
the initiative.
Second place is divided somewhat
equally between Edward Girzi, who
was able to hold off the "villain's
hiss" from the gallery until the play
was almost over, and James Sandoe
as the type of "friend in every fam
ily" that many members of the fam
ily would be willing to dispense
with. Girzi, even though he hashed
a few lines, was entertaining
throughout, and as the "man's man"
and the "parlor maid's big menace,"
he hardly can be charged with
overplaying his part. Sandoe, in a
very meek part, did not attract the
attention that his ability would
merit; but any student that could
play a man of 47 with Sandoe's re
serve is plenty good.
The women were probably O.K.
but from my center seat—that is,
center up against the projection
booth, 1 lost too many of their lines
to judge them fairly. Peg Converse
was demure, but too soft and low
for the rough section. The rest of
the cast was unusually good and
finished off the play in grand scale.
This may sound like publicity bally
hoo, but ask the men that saw it.
—Abe Mellinkoff.
There are two viewpoints to every
play—the viewpoint of ihe reviewer
that has free seats and wishes free
;seats in the future; and the viewpoint
of the person who sits in paid seats
and has little if any hope of ever re
ceiving "reviewer's seats." When
ever the former group attempts to
exchange attitudes with the latter,
without exchanging seating privi
leges as well, dire consequences of
ten result. This writer belongs to
the latter bunch—those that pay
for what they see, and write what
they hear.
But strange as it may seem, in the
case of "Burkley Square" (spelled
"Berkeley' Square" and pronounced
the same way by those not yet ini
tiated into the mysteries of British
Isles English), we might as well
have had free tickets, so well did
we enjoy this play. Alter hearing
the tryouts, the impression was
gathered that this production was to
be one of those typical "English"
dramas where everybody is always
bellowing forth "Cheerio, old dear"
—"Let's 'ave tea with 'er Ladyship,"
etc., etc., and etc., again.
However, this was not the case.
Whether the author, Mr. Baldter
ston, or the director, Mr. Helven
ston, were responsible for keeping
out that overdrawn, barely under
standable, mushy (meaning as if the
words were spoken with the mouth
filled with breakfast food) type of
English is not known—but whoever
did, let us give honor where honor
is due. Many movies, in attempting
to bring out an English atmosphere,
feel that this extreme English ac
cent is indispensable; and so it was
with fear and trepidation that we
awaited the first lines, and it was
with growing pleasure and intelligi
bility that we heard the production.

Many of the parts were difficult,
especially before a campus audience

—in which anything dramatic or
romantic is sure to got the pro
verbial "winged creature with
feathers." Vallejo Gantner walked
off with first honors without any
difficulty; Gantner was playing a
difficult role but one which he must
have enjoyed immensely. An actor
has to be good to give the kiss

"that was to last down through the
centuries" (or some ruch thing) in
the Stanford Assembly Hall without
getting laughs even from the
roughs. By the same token, one
might think th;:t Peg Converse had
to exhibit excellence in receiving
the kiss in question, but this does
not hold as it was one of those
kisses in which the male takes all
the initiative.
Second place is divided somewhat
equally between Edward Girzi, who
was able to hold off the "villain's
hiss" from the gallery until the play
was almost over, and James Sandoe
as the type of "friend in every fam
ily" that many members of the fam
ily would be willing to dispense
with. Girzi, even though he hashed
a few lines, was entertaining
throughout, and as the "man's man"
and the "parlor maid's big menace,"
he hardly can be charged with
overplaying his part. Sandoe, in a
very meek part, did not attract the
attention that his ability would
merit; but any student that could
play a man of 47 with Sandoe's re
serve is plenty good.
The women were probably O.K.
but from my center seat—that is,
center up against the projection
booth, 1 lost too many of their lines
to judge them fairly. Peg Converse
was demure, but too soft and low
for the rough section. The rest of
the cast was unusually good and
finished off the play in grand scale.
This may sound like publicity bally
hoo, but ask the men that saw it.
—Abe Mellinkoff.
There are two viewpoints to every
play—the viewpoint of ihe reviewer
that has free seats and wishes free
;seats in the future; and the viewpoint
of the person who sits in paid seats
and has little if any hope of ever re
ceiving "reviewer's seats." When
ever the former group attempts to
exchange attitudes with the latter,
without exchanging seating privi
leges as well, dire consequences of
ten result. This writer belongs to
the latter bunch—those that pay
for what they see, and write what
they hear.
But strange as it may seem, in the
case of "Burkley Square" (spelled
"Berkeley' Square" and pronounced
the same way by those not yet ini
tiated into the mysteries of British
Isles English), we might as well
have had free tickets, so well did
we enjoy this play. Alter hearing
the tryouts, the impression was
gathered that this production was to
be one of those typical "English"
dramas where everybody is always
bellowing forth "Cheerio, old dear"
—"Let's 'ave tea with 'er Ladyship,"
etc., etc., and etc., again.
However, this was not the case.
Whether the author, Mr. Baldter
ston, or the director, Mr. Helven
ston, were responsible for keeping
out that overdrawn, barely under
standable, mushy (meaning as if the
words were spoken with the mouth
filled with breakfast food) type of
English is not known—but whoever
did, let us give honor where honor
is due. Many movies, in attempting
to bring out an English atmosphere,
feel that this extreme English ac
cent is indispensable; and so it was
with fear and trepidation that we
awaited the first lines, and it was
with growing pleasure and intelligi
bility that we heard the production.

Many of the parts were difficult,
especially before a campus audience

—in which anything dramatic or
romantic is sure to got the pro
verbial "winged creature with
feathers." Vallejo Gantner walked
off with first honors without any
difficulty; Gantner was playing a
difficult role but one which he must
have enjoyed immensely. An actor
has to be good to give the kiss

"that was to last down through the
centuries" (or some ruch thing) in
the Stanford Assembly Hall without
getting laughs even from the
roughs. By the same token, one
might think th;:t Peg Converse had
to exhibit excellence in receiving
the kiss in question, but this does
not hold as it was one of those
kisses in which the male takes all
the initiative.
Second place is divided somewhat
equally between Edward Girzi, who
was able to hold off the "villain's
hiss" from the gallery until the play
was almost over, and James Sandoe
as the type of "friend in every fam
ily" that many members of the fam
ily would be willing to dispense
with. Girzi, even though he hashed
a few lines, was entertaining
throughout, and as the "man's man"
and the "parlor maid's big menace,"
he hardly can be charged with
overplaying his part. Sandoe, in a
very meek part, did not attract the
attention that his ability would
merit; but any student that could
play a man of 47 with Sandoe's re
serve is plenty good.
The women were probably O.K.
but from my center seat—that is,
center up against the projection
booth, 1 lost too many of their lines
to judge them fairly. Peg Converse
was demure, but too soft and low
for the rough section. The rest of
the cast was unusually good and
finished off the play in grand scale.
This may sound like publicity bally
hoo, but ask the men that saw it.
—Abe Mellinkoff.
There are two viewpoints to every
play—the viewpoint of ihe reviewer
that has free seats and wishes free
;seats in the future; and the viewpoint
of the person who sits in paid seats
and has little if any hope of ever re
ceiving "reviewer's seats." When
ever the former group attempts to
exchange attitudes with the latter,
without exchanging seating privi
leges as well, dire consequences of
ten result. This writer belongs to
the latter bunch—those that pay
for what they see, and write what
they hear.
But strange as it may seem, in the
case of "Burkley Square" (spelled
"Berkeley' Square" and pronounced
the same way by those not yet ini
tiated into the mysteries of British
Isles English), we might as well
have had free tickets, so well did
we enjoy this play. Alter hearing
the tryouts, the impression was
gathered that this production was to
be one of those typical "English"
dramas where everybody is always
bellowing forth "Cheerio, old dear"
—"Let's 'ave tea with 'er Ladyship,"
etc., etc., and etc., again.
However, this was not the case.
Whether the author, Mr. Baldter
ston, or the director, Mr. Helven
ston, were responsible for keeping
out that overdrawn, barely under
standable, mushy (meaning as if the
words were spoken with the mouth
filled with breakfast food) type of
English is not known—but whoever
did, let us give honor where honor
is due. Many movies, in attempting
to bring out an English atmosphere,
feel that this extreme English ac
cent is indispensable; and so it was
with fear and trepidation that we
awaited the first lines, and it was
with growing pleasure and intelligi
bility that we heard the production.

Many of the parts were difficult,
especially before a campus audience

—in which anything dramatic or
romantic is sure to got the pro
verbial "winged creature with
feathers." Vallejo Gantner walked
off with first honors without any
difficulty; Gantner was playing a
difficult role but one which he must
have enjoyed immensely. An actor
has to be good to give the kiss

"that was to last down through the
centuries" (or some ruch thing) in
the Stanford Assembly Hall without
getting laughs even from the
roughs. By the same token, one
might think th;:t Peg Converse had
to exhibit excellence in receiving
the kiss in question, but this does
not hold as it was one of those
kisses in which the male takes all
the initiative.
Second place is divided somewhat
equally between Edward Girzi, who
was able to hold off the "villain's
hiss" from the gallery until the play
was almost over, and James Sandoe
as the type of "friend in every fam
ily" that many members of the fam
ily would be willing to dispense
with. Girzi, even though he hashed
a few lines, was entertaining
throughout, and as the "man's man"
and the "parlor maid's big menace,"
he hardly can be charged with
overplaying his part. Sandoe, in a
very meek part, did not attract the
attention that his ability would
merit; but any student that could
play a man of 47 with Sandoe's re
serve is plenty good.
The women were probably O.K.
but from my center seat—that is,
center up against the projection
booth, 1 lost too many of their lines
to judge them fairly. Peg Converse
was demure, but too soft and low
for the rough section. The rest of
the cast was unusually good and
finished off the play in grand scale.
This may sound like publicity bally
hoo, but ask the men that saw it.
—Abe Mellinkoff.
