# Vaccination Certificates Due To Be Filed Monday
## 
### 
Vaccination certificates are due al
the Registrar's Office next Monday
lor all new students, including those
having permit to attend classes, and
all other students whose certificates
have expired.
Failure to file certificates by 5
o'clock on Monday will result in a
fine of $2; or if not filed by May 8
registration in the University will
be subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due al
the Registrar's Office next Monday
lor all new students, including those
having permit to attend classes, and
all other students whose certificates
have expired.
Failure to file certificates by 5
o'clock on Monday will result in a
fine of $2; or if not filed by May 8
registration in the University will
be subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due al
the Registrar's Office next Monday
lor all new students, including those
having permit to attend classes, and
all other students whose certificates
have expired.
Failure to file certificates by 5
o'clock on Monday will result in a
fine of $2; or if not filed by May 8
registration in the University will
be subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due al
the Registrar's Office next Monday
lor all new students, including those
having permit to attend classes, and
all other students whose certificates
have expired.
Failure to file certificates by 5
o'clock on Monday will result in a
fine of $2; or if not filed by May 8
registration in the University will
be subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due al
the Registrar's Office next Monday
lor all new students, including those
having permit to attend classes, and
all other students whose certificates
have expired.
Failure to file certificates by 5
o'clock on Monday will result in a
fine of $2; or if not filed by May 8
registration in the University will
be subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due al
the Registrar's Office next Monday
lor all new students, including those
having permit to attend classes, and
all other students whose certificates
have expired.
Failure to file certificates by 5
o'clock on Monday will result in a
fine of $2; or if not filed by May 8
registration in the University will
be subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due al
the Registrar's Office next Monday
lor all new students, including those
having permit to attend classes, and
all other students whose certificates
have expired.
Failure to file certificates by 5
o'clock on Monday will result in a
fine of $2; or if not filed by May 8
registration in the University will
be subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due al
the Registrar's Office next Monday
lor all new students, including those
having permit to attend classes, and
all other students whose certificates
have expired.
Failure to file certificates by 5
o'clock on Monday will result in a
fine of $2; or if not filed by May 8
registration in the University will
be subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due al
the Registrar's Office next Monday
lor all new students, including those
having permit to attend classes, and
all other students whose certificates
have expired.
Failure to file certificates by 5
o'clock on Monday will result in a
fine of $2; or if not filed by May 8
registration in the University will
be subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due al
the Registrar's Office next Monday
lor all new students, including those
having permit to attend classes, and
all other students whose certificates
have expired.
Failure to file certificates by 5
o'clock on Monday will result in a
fine of $2; or if not filed by May 8
registration in the University will
be subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due al
the Registrar's Office next Monday
lor all new students, including those
having permit to attend classes, and
all other students whose certificates
have expired.
Failure to file certificates by 5
o'clock on Monday will result in a
fine of $2; or if not filed by May 8
registration in the University will
be subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due al
the Registrar's Office next Monday
lor all new students, including those
having permit to attend classes, and
all other students whose certificates
have expired.
Failure to file certificates by 5
o'clock on Monday will result in a
fine of $2; or if not filed by May 8
registration in the University will
be subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due al
the Registrar's Office next Monday
lor all new students, including those
having permit to attend classes, and
all other students whose certificates
have expired.
Failure to file certificates by 5
o'clock on Monday will result in a
fine of $2; or if not filed by May 8
registration in the University will
be subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due al
the Registrar's Office next Monday
lor all new students, including those
having permit to attend classes, and
all other students whose certificates
have expired.
Failure to file certificates by 5
o'clock on Monday will result in a
fine of $2; or if not filed by May 8
registration in the University will
be subject to cancellation by the
Committee on Public Health.
