# 80-HOUR JIG SAW GRIND
## 
### 
LANSDALE. Pa., April 27 (/P) —
Raymon Snyder, 26 years old, of
Lansdale, who announced his inten
tion of doing jig-saw puzzles for a
month, gave up the grind after car
tying on for 80 hours, 40 minutes.
LANSDALE. Pa., April 27 (/P) —
Raymon Snyder, 26 years old, of
Lansdale, who announced his inten
tion of doing jig-saw puzzles for a
month, gave up the grind after car
tying on for 80 hours, 40 minutes.
LANSDALE. Pa., April 27 (/P) —
Raymon Snyder, 26 years old, of
Lansdale, who announced his inten
tion of doing jig-saw puzzles for a
month, gave up the grind after car
tying on for 80 hours, 40 minutes.
LANSDALE. Pa., April 27 (/P) —
Raymon Snyder, 26 years old, of
Lansdale, who announced his inten
tion of doing jig-saw puzzles for a
month, gave up the grind after car
tying on for 80 hours, 40 minutes.
LANSDALE. Pa., April 27 (/P) —
Raymon Snyder, 26 years old, of
Lansdale, who announced his inten
tion of doing jig-saw puzzles for a
month, gave up the grind after car
tying on for 80 hours, 40 minutes.
LANSDALE. Pa., April 27 (/P) —
Raymon Snyder, 26 years old, of
Lansdale, who announced his inten
tion of doing jig-saw puzzles for a
month, gave up the grind after car
tying on for 80 hours, 40 minutes.
LANSDALE. Pa., April 27 (/P) —
Raymon Snyder, 26 years old, of
Lansdale, who announced his inten
tion of doing jig-saw puzzles for a
month, gave up the grind after car
tying on for 80 hours, 40 minutes.
LANSDALE. Pa., April 27 (/P) —
Raymon Snyder, 26 years old, of
Lansdale, who announced his inten
tion of doing jig-saw puzzles for a
month, gave up the grind after car
tying on for 80 hours, 40 minutes.
LANSDALE. Pa., April 27 (/P) —
Raymon Snyder, 26 years old, of
Lansdale, who announced his inten
tion of doing jig-saw puzzles for a
month, gave up the grind after car
tying on for 80 hours, 40 minutes.
LANSDALE. Pa., April 27 (/P) —
Raymon Snyder, 26 years old, of
Lansdale, who announced his inten
tion of doing jig-saw puzzles for a
month, gave up the grind after car
tying on for 80 hours, 40 minutes.
LANSDALE. Pa., April 27 (/P) —
Raymon Snyder, 26 years old, of
Lansdale, who announced his inten
tion of doing jig-saw puzzles for a
month, gave up the grind after car
tying on for 80 hours, 40 minutes.
LANSDALE. Pa., April 27 (/P) —
Raymon Snyder, 26 years old, of
Lansdale, who announced his inten
tion of doing jig-saw puzzles for a
month, gave up the grind after car
tying on for 80 hours, 40 minutes.
LANSDALE. Pa., April 27 (/P) —
Raymon Snyder, 26 years old, of
Lansdale, who announced his inten
tion of doing jig-saw puzzles for a
month, gave up the grind after car
tying on for 80 hours, 40 minutes.
LANSDALE. Pa., April 27 (/P) —
Raymon Snyder, 26 years old, of
Lansdale, who announced his inten
tion of doing jig-saw puzzles for a
month, gave up the grind after car
tying on for 80 hours, 40 minutes.
