# Announcements.
## 
### 
Executive Board Women's Athletic
Vssociation—Meet Monday, 8:00, Rest
room. Important.
Thesis Men—Of all departments, are
invited to attend the monthly meeting
of the Thesis Club, in the Education
Library, Friday, November 1, 7:45.
Executive Board Women's Athletic
Vssociation—Meet Monday, 8:00, Rest
room. Important.
Thesis Men—Of all departments, are
invited to attend the monthly meeting
of the Thesis Club, in the Education
Library, Friday, November 1, 7:45.
Executive Board Women's Athletic
Vssociation—Meet Monday, 8:00, Rest
room. Important.
Thesis Men—Of all departments, are
invited to attend the monthly meeting
of the Thesis Club, in the Education
Library, Friday, November 1, 7:45.
Executive Board Women's Athletic
Vssociation—Meet Monday, 8:00, Rest
room. Important.
Thesis Men—Of all departments, are
invited to attend the monthly meeting
of the Thesis Club, in the Education
Library, Friday, November 1, 7:45.
Executive Board Women's Athletic
Vssociation—Meet Monday, 8:00, Rest
room. Important.
Thesis Men—Of all departments, are
invited to attend the monthly meeting
of the Thesis Club, in the Education
Library, Friday, November 1, 7:45.
Executive Board Women's Athletic
Vssociation—Meet Monday, 8:00, Rest
room. Important.
Thesis Men—Of all departments, are
invited to attend the monthly meeting
of the Thesis Club, in the Education
Library, Friday, November 1, 7:45.
Executive Board Women's Athletic
Vssociation—Meet Monday, 8:00, Rest
room. Important.
Thesis Men—Of all departments, are
invited to attend the monthly meeting
of the Thesis Club, in the Education
Library, Friday, November 1, 7:45.
Executive Board Women's Athletic
Vssociation—Meet Monday, 8:00, Rest
room. Important.
Thesis Men—Of all departments, are
invited to attend the monthly meeting
of the Thesis Club, in the Education
Library, Friday, November 1, 7:45.
Executive Board Women's Athletic
Vssociation—Meet Monday, 8:00, Rest
room. Important.
Thesis Men—Of all departments, are
invited to attend the monthly meeting
of the Thesis Club, in the Education
Library, Friday, November 1, 7:45.
Executive Board Women's Athletic
Vssociation—Meet Monday, 8:00, Rest
room. Important.
Thesis Men—Of all departments, are
invited to attend the monthly meeting
of the Thesis Club, in the Education
Library, Friday, November 1, 7:45.
Executive Board Women's Athletic
Vssociation—Meet Monday, 8:00, Rest
room. Important.
Thesis Men—Of all departments, are
invited to attend the monthly meeting
of the Thesis Club, in the Education
Library, Friday, November 1, 7:45.
Executive Board Women's Athletic
Vssociation—Meet Monday, 8:00, Rest
room. Important.
Thesis Men—Of all departments, are
invited to attend the monthly meeting
of the Thesis Club, in the Education
Library, Friday, November 1, 7:45.
Executive Board Women's Athletic
Vssociation—Meet Monday, 8:00, Rest
room. Important.
Thesis Men—Of all departments, are
invited to attend the monthly meeting
of the Thesis Club, in the Education
Library, Friday, November 1, 7:45.
