# Series Features 'Richard III'
## 
### 
Tuesday Evening Series will
feature a movie of Shakespeare's
Richard 111 Tuesday at 8 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium. The movie
stars Lawrence Olivier, and the
cast includes John Gielgud, Ralph
Richardson. Claire Bloom and Sir
Cedric Hardwick, all of the Brit
ish theater.
Before the film was shot, Oliv
ier consulted and worked closely
for six months with Alan Dent,
noted Shakespearean expert. Bat
tle scenes were photographed in
Spain, and authentic reproduc
tions of the interiors were built
in the Shepperton studio in Eng
land.
Tuesday Evening Series will
feature a movie of Shakespeare's
Richard 111 Tuesday at 8 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium. The movie
stars Lawrence Olivier, and the
cast includes John Gielgud, Ralph
Richardson. Claire Bloom and Sir
Cedric Hardwick, all of the Brit
ish theater.
Before the film was shot, Oliv
ier consulted and worked closely
for six months with Alan Dent,
noted Shakespearean expert. Bat
tle scenes were photographed in
Spain, and authentic reproduc
tions of the interiors were built
in the Shepperton studio in Eng
land.
Tuesday Evening Series will
feature a movie of Shakespeare's
Richard 111 Tuesday at 8 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium. The movie
stars Lawrence Olivier, and the
cast includes John Gielgud, Ralph
Richardson. Claire Bloom and Sir
Cedric Hardwick, all of the Brit
ish theater.
Before the film was shot, Oliv
ier consulted and worked closely
for six months with Alan Dent,
noted Shakespearean expert. Bat
tle scenes were photographed in
Spain, and authentic reproduc
tions of the interiors were built
in the Shepperton studio in Eng
land.
Tuesday Evening Series will
feature a movie of Shakespeare's
Richard 111 Tuesday at 8 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium. The movie
stars Lawrence Olivier, and the
cast includes John Gielgud, Ralph
Richardson. Claire Bloom and Sir
Cedric Hardwick, all of the Brit
ish theater.
Before the film was shot, Oliv
ier consulted and worked closely
for six months with Alan Dent,
noted Shakespearean expert. Bat
tle scenes were photographed in
Spain, and authentic reproduc
tions of the interiors were built
in the Shepperton studio in Eng
land.
Tuesday Evening Series will
feature a movie of Shakespeare's
Richard 111 Tuesday at 8 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium. The movie
stars Lawrence Olivier, and the
cast includes John Gielgud, Ralph
Richardson. Claire Bloom and Sir
Cedric Hardwick, all of the Brit
ish theater.
Before the film was shot, Oliv
ier consulted and worked closely
for six months with Alan Dent,
noted Shakespearean expert. Bat
tle scenes were photographed in
Spain, and authentic reproduc
tions of the interiors were built
in the Shepperton studio in Eng
land.
Tuesday Evening Series will
feature a movie of Shakespeare's
Richard 111 Tuesday at 8 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium. The movie
stars Lawrence Olivier, and the
cast includes John Gielgud, Ralph
Richardson. Claire Bloom and Sir
Cedric Hardwick, all of the Brit
ish theater.
Before the film was shot, Oliv
ier consulted and worked closely
for six months with Alan Dent,
noted Shakespearean expert. Bat
tle scenes were photographed in
Spain, and authentic reproduc
tions of the interiors were built
in the Shepperton studio in Eng
land.
Tuesday Evening Series will
feature a movie of Shakespeare's
Richard 111 Tuesday at 8 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium. The movie
stars Lawrence Olivier, and the
cast includes John Gielgud, Ralph
Richardson. Claire Bloom and Sir
Cedric Hardwick, all of the Brit
ish theater.
Before the film was shot, Oliv
ier consulted and worked closely
for six months with Alan Dent,
noted Shakespearean expert. Bat
tle scenes were photographed in
Spain, and authentic reproduc
tions of the interiors were built
in the Shepperton studio in Eng
land.
Tuesday Evening Series will
feature a movie of Shakespeare's
Richard 111 Tuesday at 8 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium. The movie
stars Lawrence Olivier, and the
cast includes John Gielgud, Ralph
Richardson. Claire Bloom and Sir
Cedric Hardwick, all of the Brit
ish theater.
Before the film was shot, Oliv
ier consulted and worked closely
for six months with Alan Dent,
noted Shakespearean expert. Bat
tle scenes were photographed in
Spain, and authentic reproduc
tions of the interiors were built
in the Shepperton studio in Eng
land.
Tuesday Evening Series will
feature a movie of Shakespeare's
Richard 111 Tuesday at 8 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium. The movie
stars Lawrence Olivier, and the
cast includes John Gielgud, Ralph
Richardson. Claire Bloom and Sir
Cedric Hardwick, all of the Brit
ish theater.
Before the film was shot, Oliv
ier consulted and worked closely
for six months with Alan Dent,
noted Shakespearean expert. Bat
tle scenes were photographed in
Spain, and authentic reproduc
tions of the interiors were built
in the Shepperton studio in Eng
land.
Tuesday Evening Series will
feature a movie of Shakespeare's
Richard 111 Tuesday at 8 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium. The movie
stars Lawrence Olivier, and the
cast includes John Gielgud, Ralph
Richardson. Claire Bloom and Sir
Cedric Hardwick, all of the Brit
ish theater.
Before the film was shot, Oliv
ier consulted and worked closely
for six months with Alan Dent,
noted Shakespearean expert. Bat
tle scenes were photographed in
Spain, and authentic reproduc
tions of the interiors were built
in the Shepperton studio in Eng
land.
Tuesday Evening Series will
feature a movie of Shakespeare's
Richard 111 Tuesday at 8 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium. The movie
stars Lawrence Olivier, and the
cast includes John Gielgud, Ralph
Richardson. Claire Bloom and Sir
Cedric Hardwick, all of the Brit
ish theater.
Before the film was shot, Oliv
ier consulted and worked closely
for six months with Alan Dent,
noted Shakespearean expert. Bat
tle scenes were photographed in
Spain, and authentic reproduc
tions of the interiors were built
in the Shepperton studio in Eng
land.
Tuesday Evening Series will
feature a movie of Shakespeare's
Richard 111 Tuesday at 8 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium. The movie
stars Lawrence Olivier, and the
cast includes John Gielgud, Ralph
Richardson. Claire Bloom and Sir
Cedric Hardwick, all of the Brit
ish theater.
Before the film was shot, Oliv
ier consulted and worked closely
for six months with Alan Dent,
noted Shakespearean expert. Bat
tle scenes were photographed in
Spain, and authentic reproduc
tions of the interiors were built
in the Shepperton studio in Eng
land.
Tuesday Evening Series will
feature a movie of Shakespeare's
Richard 111 Tuesday at 8 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium. The movie
stars Lawrence Olivier, and the
cast includes John Gielgud, Ralph
Richardson. Claire Bloom and Sir
Cedric Hardwick, all of the Brit
ish theater.
Before the film was shot, Oliv
ier consulted and worked closely
for six months with Alan Dent,
noted Shakespearean expert. Bat
tle scenes were photographed in
Spain, and authentic reproduc
tions of the interiors were built
in the Shepperton studio in Eng
land.
Tuesday Evening Series will
feature a movie of Shakespeare's
Richard 111 Tuesday at 8 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium. The movie
stars Lawrence Olivier, and the
cast includes John Gielgud, Ralph
Richardson. Claire Bloom and Sir
Cedric Hardwick, all of the Brit
ish theater.
Before the film was shot, Oliv
ier consulted and worked closely
for six months with Alan Dent,
noted Shakespearean expert. Bat
tle scenes were photographed in
Spain, and authentic reproduc
tions of the interiors were built
in the Shepperton studio in Eng
land.
Tuesday Evening Series will
feature a movie of Shakespeare's
Richard 111 Tuesday at 8 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium. The movie
stars Lawrence Olivier, and the
cast includes John Gielgud, Ralph
Richardson. Claire Bloom and Sir
Cedric Hardwick, all of the Brit
ish theater.
Before the film was shot, Oliv
ier consulted and worked closely
for six months with Alan Dent,
noted Shakespearean expert. Bat
tle scenes were photographed in
Spain, and authentic reproduc
tions of the interiors were built
in the Shepperton studio in Eng
land.
Tuesday Evening Series will
feature a movie of Shakespeare's
Richard 111 Tuesday at 8 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium. The movie
stars Lawrence Olivier, and the
cast includes John Gielgud, Ralph
Richardson. Claire Bloom and Sir
Cedric Hardwick, all of the Brit
ish theater.
Before the film was shot, Oliv
ier consulted and worked closely
for six months with Alan Dent,
noted Shakespearean expert. Bat
tle scenes were photographed in
Spain, and authentic reproduc
tions of the interiors were built
in the Shepperton studio in Eng
land.
Tuesday Evening Series will
feature a movie of Shakespeare's
Richard 111 Tuesday at 8 p.m. in
Memorial Auditorium. The movie
stars Lawrence Olivier, and the
cast includes John Gielgud, Ralph
Richardson. Claire Bloom and Sir
Cedric Hardwick, all of the Brit
ish theater.
Before the film was shot, Oliv
ier consulted and worked closely
for six months with Alan Dent,
noted Shakespearean expert. Bat
tle scenes were photographed in
Spain, and authentic reproduc
tions of the interiors were built
in the Shepperton studio in Eng
land.
