# Debate Meeting at Stanford Thursday
## 
### 
Stanford will host the North
ern California Forensic Associa
tion in a debate workshop Thurs
day. One hundred students and
10 faculty members from 12
member colleges are expected to
attend.
Stanford will host the North
ern California Forensic Associa
tion in a debate workshop Thurs
day. One hundred students and
10 faculty members from 12
member colleges are expected to
attend.
Stanford will host the North
ern California Forensic Associa
tion in a debate workshop Thurs
day. One hundred students and
10 faculty members from 12
member colleges are expected to
attend.
Stanford will host the North
ern California Forensic Associa
tion in a debate workshop Thurs
day. One hundred students and
10 faculty members from 12
member colleges are expected to
attend.
Stanford will host the North
ern California Forensic Associa
tion in a debate workshop Thurs
day. One hundred students and
10 faculty members from 12
member colleges are expected to
attend.
Stanford will host the North
ern California Forensic Associa
tion in a debate workshop Thurs
day. One hundred students and
10 faculty members from 12
member colleges are expected to
attend.
Stanford will host the North
ern California Forensic Associa
tion in a debate workshop Thurs
day. One hundred students and
10 faculty members from 12
member colleges are expected to
attend.
Stanford will host the North
ern California Forensic Associa
tion in a debate workshop Thurs
day. One hundred students and
10 faculty members from 12
member colleges are expected to
attend.
Stanford will host the North
ern California Forensic Associa
tion in a debate workshop Thurs
day. One hundred students and
10 faculty members from 12
member colleges are expected to
attend.
Stanford will host the North
ern California Forensic Associa
tion in a debate workshop Thurs
day. One hundred students and
10 faculty members from 12
member colleges are expected to
attend.
Stanford will host the North
ern California Forensic Associa
tion in a debate workshop Thurs
day. One hundred students and
10 faculty members from 12
member colleges are expected to
attend.
Stanford will host the North
ern California Forensic Associa
tion in a debate workshop Thurs
day. One hundred students and
10 faculty members from 12
member colleges are expected to
attend.
Stanford will host the North
ern California Forensic Associa
tion in a debate workshop Thurs
day. One hundred students and
10 faculty members from 12
member colleges are expected to
attend.
Stanford will host the North
ern California Forensic Associa
tion in a debate workshop Thurs
day. One hundred students and
10 faculty members from 12
member colleges are expected to
attend.
Stanford will host the North
ern California Forensic Associa
tion in a debate workshop Thurs
day. One hundred students and
10 faculty members from 12
member colleges are expected to
attend.
