# California Quintet Is Beaten by Santa Clara
## 
### 
Stanford, Santa Clara and the Uni
versity of California are now tied for
the championship of the California-
Nevada intercollegiate basketball league
as a result of the defeat last night of
the Blue and Gold team by the Santa
Clara live. The Missionites downed
their opponents from across the bay by
a score of 28 to 16.
The results of this game came as a
surprise, for the Santa Clara team was
considered out of running for the hon
ors by most followers of the league
games. If the Missionites can defeat
St. Mary's they will be assured of sec
find place in the league, as they have
only lost one game and cither Stanford
or California is sure to lose two games
as a result of their three-game series.
The Stanford team will leave the
"barm" next Thursday for a trip to
Reno, where they will play a league
game with the University of Nevada.
Stanford, Santa Clara and the Uni
versity of California are now tied for
the championship of the California-
Nevada intercollegiate basketball league
as a result of the defeat last night of
the Blue and Gold team by the Santa
Clara live. The Missionites downed
their opponents from across the bay by
a score of 28 to 16.
The results of this game came as a
surprise, for the Santa Clara team was
considered out of running for the hon
ors by most followers of the league
games. If the Missionites can defeat
St. Mary's they will be assured of sec
find place in the league, as they have
only lost one game and cither Stanford
or California is sure to lose two games
as a result of their three-game series.
The Stanford team will leave the
"barm" next Thursday for a trip to
Reno, where they will play a league
game with the University of Nevada.
Stanford, Santa Clara and the Uni
versity of California are now tied for
the championship of the California-
Nevada intercollegiate basketball league
as a result of the defeat last night of
the Blue and Gold team by the Santa
Clara live. The Missionites downed
their opponents from across the bay by
a score of 28 to 16.
The results of this game came as a
surprise, for the Santa Clara team was
considered out of running for the hon
ors by most followers of the league
games. If the Missionites can defeat
St. Mary's they will be assured of sec
find place in the league, as they have
only lost one game and cither Stanford
or California is sure to lose two games
as a result of their three-game series.
The Stanford team will leave the
"barm" next Thursday for a trip to
Reno, where they will play a league
game with the University of Nevada.
Stanford, Santa Clara and the Uni
versity of California are now tied for
the championship of the California-
Nevada intercollegiate basketball league
as a result of the defeat last night of
the Blue and Gold team by the Santa
Clara live. The Missionites downed
their opponents from across the bay by
a score of 28 to 16.
The results of this game came as a
surprise, for the Santa Clara team was
considered out of running for the hon
ors by most followers of the league
games. If the Missionites can defeat
St. Mary's they will be assured of sec
find place in the league, as they have
only lost one game and cither Stanford
or California is sure to lose two games
as a result of their three-game series.
The Stanford team will leave the
"barm" next Thursday for a trip to
Reno, where they will play a league
game with the University of Nevada.
Stanford, Santa Clara and the Uni
versity of California are now tied for
the championship of the California-
Nevada intercollegiate basketball league
as a result of the defeat last night of
the Blue and Gold team by the Santa
Clara live. The Missionites downed
their opponents from across the bay by
a score of 28 to 16.
The results of this game came as a
surprise, for the Santa Clara team was
considered out of running for the hon
ors by most followers of the league
games. If the Missionites can defeat
St. Mary's they will be assured of sec
find place in the league, as they have
only lost one game and cither Stanford
or California is sure to lose two games
as a result of their three-game series.
The Stanford team will leave the
"barm" next Thursday for a trip to
Reno, where they will play a league
game with the University of Nevada.
Stanford, Santa Clara and the Uni
versity of California are now tied for
the championship of the California-
Nevada intercollegiate basketball league
as a result of the defeat last night of
the Blue and Gold team by the Santa
Clara live. The Missionites downed
their opponents from across the bay by
a score of 28 to 16.
The results of this game came as a
surprise, for the Santa Clara team was
considered out of running for the hon
ors by most followers of the league
games. If the Missionites can defeat
St. Mary's they will be assured of sec
find place in the league, as they have
only lost one game and cither Stanford
or California is sure to lose two games
as a result of their three-game series.
The Stanford team will leave the
"barm" next Thursday for a trip to
Reno, where they will play a league
game with the University of Nevada.
Stanford, Santa Clara and the Uni
versity of California are now tied for
the championship of the California-
Nevada intercollegiate basketball league
as a result of the defeat last night of
the Blue and Gold team by the Santa
Clara live. The Missionites downed
their opponents from across the bay by
a score of 28 to 16.
The results of this game came as a
surprise, for the Santa Clara team was
considered out of running for the hon
ors by most followers of the league
games. If the Missionites can defeat
St. Mary's they will be assured of sec
find place in the league, as they have
only lost one game and cither Stanford
or California is sure to lose two games
as a result of their three-game series.
The Stanford team will leave the
"barm" next Thursday for a trip to
Reno, where they will play a league
game with the University of Nevada.
Stanford, Santa Clara and the Uni
versity of California are now tied for
the championship of the California-
Nevada intercollegiate basketball league
as a result of the defeat last night of
the Blue and Gold team by the Santa
Clara live. The Missionites downed
their opponents from across the bay by
a score of 28 to 16.
The results of this game came as a
surprise, for the Santa Clara team was
considered out of running for the hon
ors by most followers of the league
games. If the Missionites can defeat
St. Mary's they will be assured of sec
find place in the league, as they have
only lost one game and cither Stanford
or California is sure to lose two games
as a result of their three-game series.
The Stanford team will leave the
"barm" next Thursday for a trip to
Reno, where they will play a league
game with the University of Nevada.
Stanford, Santa Clara and the Uni
versity of California are now tied for
the championship of the California-
Nevada intercollegiate basketball league
as a result of the defeat last night of
the Blue and Gold team by the Santa
Clara live. The Missionites downed
their opponents from across the bay by
a score of 28 to 16.
The results of this game came as a
surprise, for the Santa Clara team was
considered out of running for the hon
ors by most followers of the league
games. If the Missionites can defeat
St. Mary's they will be assured of sec
find place in the league, as they have
only lost one game and cither Stanford
or California is sure to lose two games
as a result of their three-game series.
The Stanford team will leave the
"barm" next Thursday for a trip to
Reno, where they will play a league
game with the University of Nevada.
Stanford, Santa Clara and the Uni
versity of California are now tied for
the championship of the California-
Nevada intercollegiate basketball league
as a result of the defeat last night of
the Blue and Gold team by the Santa
Clara live. The Missionites downed
their opponents from across the bay by
a score of 28 to 16.
The results of this game came as a
surprise, for the Santa Clara team was
considered out of running for the hon
ors by most followers of the league
games. If the Missionites can defeat
St. Mary's they will be assured of sec
find place in the league, as they have
only lost one game and cither Stanford
or California is sure to lose two games
as a result of their three-game series.
The Stanford team will leave the
"barm" next Thursday for a trip to
Reno, where they will play a league
game with the University of Nevada.
Stanford, Santa Clara and the Uni
versity of California are now tied for
the championship of the California-
Nevada intercollegiate basketball league
as a result of the defeat last night of
the Blue and Gold team by the Santa
Clara live. The Missionites downed
their opponents from across the bay by
a score of 28 to 16.
The results of this game came as a
surprise, for the Santa Clara team was
considered out of running for the hon
ors by most followers of the league
games. If the Missionites can defeat
St. Mary's they will be assured of sec
find place in the league, as they have
only lost one game and cither Stanford
or California is sure to lose two games
as a result of their three-game series.
The Stanford team will leave the
"barm" next Thursday for a trip to
Reno, where they will play a league
game with the University of Nevada.
Stanford, Santa Clara and the Uni
versity of California are now tied for
the championship of the California-
Nevada intercollegiate basketball league
as a result of the defeat last night of
the Blue and Gold team by the Santa
Clara live. The Missionites downed
their opponents from across the bay by
a score of 28 to 16.
The results of this game came as a
surprise, for the Santa Clara team was
considered out of running for the hon
ors by most followers of the league
games. If the Missionites can defeat
St. Mary's they will be assured of sec
find place in the league, as they have
only lost one game and cither Stanford
or California is sure to lose two games
as a result of their three-game series.
The Stanford team will leave the
"barm" next Thursday for a trip to
Reno, where they will play a league
game with the University of Nevada.
Stanford, Santa Clara and the Uni
versity of California are now tied for
the championship of the California-
Nevada intercollegiate basketball league
as a result of the defeat last night of
the Blue and Gold team by the Santa
Clara live. The Missionites downed
their opponents from across the bay by
a score of 28 to 16.
The results of this game came as a
surprise, for the Santa Clara team was
considered out of running for the hon
ors by most followers of the league
games. If the Missionites can defeat
St. Mary's they will be assured of sec
find place in the league, as they have
only lost one game and cither Stanford
or California is sure to lose two games
as a result of their three-game series.
The Stanford team will leave the
"barm" next Thursday for a trip to
Reno, where they will play a league
game with the University of Nevada.
