# Number of Men Out For First-Year Crew
## 
### 
i". iweeii thirty and forty men arc out
for the freshman crew. Three- and
four-mile runs and arm and leg exer
cises utv being taken each day under the
guidance of some of last year's varsity
men. From the looks of the men, they
seem to have the weight and skill that
is needed to turn the trick against the
California babes.
i". iweeii thirty and forty men arc out
for the freshman crew. Three- and
four-mile runs and arm and leg exer
cises utv being taken each day under the
guidance of some of last year's varsity
men. From the looks of the men, they
seem to have the weight and skill that
is needed to turn the trick against the
California babes.
i". iweeii thirty and forty men arc out
for the freshman crew. Three- and
four-mile runs and arm and leg exer
cises utv being taken each day under the
guidance of some of last year's varsity
men. From the looks of the men, they
seem to have the weight and skill that
is needed to turn the trick against the
California babes.
i". iweeii thirty and forty men arc out
for the freshman crew. Three- and
four-mile runs and arm and leg exer
cises utv being taken each day under the
guidance of some of last year's varsity
men. From the looks of the men, they
seem to have the weight and skill that
is needed to turn the trick against the
California babes.
i". iweeii thirty and forty men arc out
for the freshman crew. Three- and
four-mile runs and arm and leg exer
cises utv being taken each day under the
guidance of some of last year's varsity
men. From the looks of the men, they
seem to have the weight and skill that
is needed to turn the trick against the
California babes.
i". iweeii thirty and forty men arc out
for the freshman crew. Three- and
four-mile runs and arm and leg exer
cises utv being taken each day under the
guidance of some of last year's varsity
men. From the looks of the men, they
seem to have the weight and skill that
is needed to turn the trick against the
California babes.
i". iweeii thirty and forty men arc out
for the freshman crew. Three- and
four-mile runs and arm and leg exer
cises utv being taken each day under the
guidance of some of last year's varsity
men. From the looks of the men, they
seem to have the weight and skill that
is needed to turn the trick against the
California babes.
i". iweeii thirty and forty men arc out
for the freshman crew. Three- and
four-mile runs and arm and leg exer
cises utv being taken each day under the
guidance of some of last year's varsity
men. From the looks of the men, they
seem to have the weight and skill that
is needed to turn the trick against the
California babes.
i". iweeii thirty and forty men arc out
for the freshman crew. Three- and
four-mile runs and arm and leg exer
cises utv being taken each day under the
guidance of some of last year's varsity
men. From the looks of the men, they
seem to have the weight and skill that
is needed to turn the trick against the
California babes.
i". iweeii thirty and forty men arc out
for the freshman crew. Three- and
four-mile runs and arm and leg exer
cises utv being taken each day under the
guidance of some of last year's varsity
men. From the looks of the men, they
seem to have the weight and skill that
is needed to turn the trick against the
California babes.
i". iweeii thirty and forty men arc out
for the freshman crew. Three- and
four-mile runs and arm and leg exer
cises utv being taken each day under the
guidance of some of last year's varsity
men. From the looks of the men, they
seem to have the weight and skill that
is needed to turn the trick against the
California babes.
i". iweeii thirty and forty men arc out
for the freshman crew. Three- and
four-mile runs and arm and leg exer
cises utv being taken each day under the
guidance of some of last year's varsity
men. From the looks of the men, they
seem to have the weight and skill that
is needed to turn the trick against the
California babes.
i". iweeii thirty and forty men arc out
for the freshman crew. Three- and
four-mile runs and arm and leg exer
cises utv being taken each day under the
guidance of some of last year's varsity
men. From the looks of the men, they
seem to have the weight and skill that
is needed to turn the trick against the
California babes.
