# Y.W.C.A. to Hold Informal Tea
## 
### 
Instead of the usual Thursday meet
ing of the Y. W. C. A. tomorrow after
noon there will be an informal tea to
which all women are invited. It will
be held in the Y. W. C. A. rooms on
the third floor of Women's Club House
between 4 and G o'clock. During the
tea there will be a special program.
Instead of the usual Thursday meet
ing of the Y. W. C. A. tomorrow after
noon there will be an informal tea to
which all women are invited. It will
be held in the Y. W. C. A. rooms on
the third floor of Women's Club House
between 4 and G o'clock. During the
tea there will be a special program.
Instead of the usual Thursday meet
ing of the Y. W. C. A. tomorrow after
noon there will be an informal tea to
which all women are invited. It will
be held in the Y. W. C. A. rooms on
the third floor of Women's Club House
between 4 and G o'clock. During the
tea there will be a special program.
Instead of the usual Thursday meet
ing of the Y. W. C. A. tomorrow after
noon there will be an informal tea to
which all women are invited. It will
be held in the Y. W. C. A. rooms on
the third floor of Women's Club House
between 4 and G o'clock. During the
tea there will be a special program.
Instead of the usual Thursday meet
ing of the Y. W. C. A. tomorrow after
noon there will be an informal tea to
which all women are invited. It will
be held in the Y. W. C. A. rooms on
the third floor of Women's Club House
between 4 and G o'clock. During the
tea there will be a special program.
Instead of the usual Thursday meet
ing of the Y. W. C. A. tomorrow after
noon there will be an informal tea to
which all women are invited. It will
be held in the Y. W. C. A. rooms on
the third floor of Women's Club House
between 4 and G o'clock. During the
tea there will be a special program.
Instead of the usual Thursday meet
ing of the Y. W. C. A. tomorrow after
noon there will be an informal tea to
which all women are invited. It will
be held in the Y. W. C. A. rooms on
the third floor of Women's Club House
between 4 and G o'clock. During the
tea there will be a special program.
Instead of the usual Thursday meet
ing of the Y. W. C. A. tomorrow after
noon there will be an informal tea to
which all women are invited. It will
be held in the Y. W. C. A. rooms on
the third floor of Women's Club House
between 4 and G o'clock. During the
tea there will be a special program.
Instead of the usual Thursday meet
ing of the Y. W. C. A. tomorrow after
noon there will be an informal tea to
which all women are invited. It will
be held in the Y. W. C. A. rooms on
the third floor of Women's Club House
between 4 and G o'clock. During the
tea there will be a special program.
Instead of the usual Thursday meet
ing of the Y. W. C. A. tomorrow after
noon there will be an informal tea to
which all women are invited. It will
be held in the Y. W. C. A. rooms on
the third floor of Women's Club House
between 4 and G o'clock. During the
tea there will be a special program.
Instead of the usual Thursday meet
ing of the Y. W. C. A. tomorrow after
noon there will be an informal tea to
which all women are invited. It will
be held in the Y. W. C. A. rooms on
the third floor of Women's Club House
between 4 and G o'clock. During the
tea there will be a special program.
Instead of the usual Thursday meet
ing of the Y. W. C. A. tomorrow after
noon there will be an informal tea to
which all women are invited. It will
be held in the Y. W. C. A. rooms on
the third floor of Women's Club House
between 4 and G o'clock. During the
tea there will be a special program.
Instead of the usual Thursday meet
ing of the Y. W. C. A. tomorrow after
noon there will be an informal tea to
which all women are invited. It will
be held in the Y. W. C. A. rooms on
the third floor of Women's Club House
between 4 and G o'clock. During the
tea there will be a special program.
