# "Chuck" Bowling, Ex-'l9, Visiting at Beta Theta Pi
## 
### 
"Chuck" Bowling, ex-'l9, is visiting
on the campus for a few (lays. Bowl
ing is in the navy ,and is a member
of the Beta Theta Pi fraternity.
"Chuck" Bowling, ex-'l9, is visiting
on the campus for a few (lays. Bowl
ing is in the navy ,and is a member
of the Beta Theta Pi fraternity.
"Chuck" Bowling, ex-'l9, is visiting
on the campus for a few (lays. Bowl
ing is in the navy ,and is a member
of the Beta Theta Pi fraternity.
"Chuck" Bowling, ex-'l9, is visiting
on the campus for a few (lays. Bowl
ing is in the navy ,and is a member
of the Beta Theta Pi fraternity.
"Chuck" Bowling, ex-'l9, is visiting
on the campus for a few (lays. Bowl
ing is in the navy ,and is a member
of the Beta Theta Pi fraternity.
"Chuck" Bowling, ex-'l9, is visiting
on the campus for a few (lays. Bowl
ing is in the navy ,and is a member
of the Beta Theta Pi fraternity.
"Chuck" Bowling, ex-'l9, is visiting
on the campus for a few (lays. Bowl
ing is in the navy ,and is a member
of the Beta Theta Pi fraternity.
"Chuck" Bowling, ex-'l9, is visiting
on the campus for a few (lays. Bowl
ing is in the navy ,and is a member
of the Beta Theta Pi fraternity.
"Chuck" Bowling, ex-'l9, is visiting
on the campus for a few (lays. Bowl
ing is in the navy ,and is a member
of the Beta Theta Pi fraternity.
"Chuck" Bowling, ex-'l9, is visiting
on the campus for a few (lays. Bowl
ing is in the navy ,and is a member
of the Beta Theta Pi fraternity.
"Chuck" Bowling, ex-'l9, is visiting
on the campus for a few (lays. Bowl
ing is in the navy ,and is a member
of the Beta Theta Pi fraternity.
"Chuck" Bowling, ex-'l9, is visiting
on the campus for a few (lays. Bowl
ing is in the navy ,and is a member
of the Beta Theta Pi fraternity.
"Chuck" Bowling, ex-'l9, is visiting
on the campus for a few (lays. Bowl
ing is in the navy ,and is a member
of the Beta Theta Pi fraternity.
