# SIGMA NU PLEDGE
## 
### 
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Gale Medlicott, '40,
to Sigma Nu.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Gale Medlicott, '40,
to Sigma Nu.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Gale Medlicott, '40,
to Sigma Nu.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Gale Medlicott, '40,
to Sigma Nu.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Gale Medlicott, '40,
to Sigma Nu.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Gale Medlicott, '40,
to Sigma Nu.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Gale Medlicott, '40,
to Sigma Nu.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Gale Medlicott, '40,
to Sigma Nu.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Gale Medlicott, '40,
to Sigma Nu.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Gale Medlicott, '40,
to Sigma Nu.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Gale Medlicott, '40,
to Sigma Nu.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Gale Medlicott, '40,
to Sigma Nu.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Gale Medlicott, '40,
to Sigma Nu.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Gale Medlicott, '40,
to Sigma Nu.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Gale Medlicott, '40,
to Sigma Nu.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Gale Medlicott, '40,
to Sigma Nu.
