# ROBLE OPEN HOUSE
## 
### 
Roble Hall will hold open house
tomorrow for invited guests of the
freshman women from 10:30 to 12:30.
Rooms will be open, and light re
freshments obtainable in Ihe kitch
enettes until noon. From 11:30 until
12:30 o clock a bufTet luncheon will
be served in the dining rooms.
Jeanne Sichel, sponsor, is in charge
of the event.
Roble Hall will hold open house
tomorrow for invited guests of the
freshman women from 10:30 to 12:30.
Rooms will be open, and light re
freshments obtainable in Ihe kitch
enettes until noon. From 11:30 until
12:30 o clock a bufTet luncheon will
be served in the dining rooms.
Jeanne Sichel, sponsor, is in charge
of the event.
Roble Hall will hold open house
tomorrow for invited guests of the
freshman women from 10:30 to 12:30.
Rooms will be open, and light re
freshments obtainable in Ihe kitch
enettes until noon. From 11:30 until
12:30 o clock a bufTet luncheon will
be served in the dining rooms.
Jeanne Sichel, sponsor, is in charge
of the event.
Roble Hall will hold open house
tomorrow for invited guests of the
freshman women from 10:30 to 12:30.
Rooms will be open, and light re
freshments obtainable in Ihe kitch
enettes until noon. From 11:30 until
12:30 o clock a bufTet luncheon will
be served in the dining rooms.
Jeanne Sichel, sponsor, is in charge
of the event.
Roble Hall will hold open house
tomorrow for invited guests of the
freshman women from 10:30 to 12:30.
Rooms will be open, and light re
freshments obtainable in Ihe kitch
enettes until noon. From 11:30 until
12:30 o clock a bufTet luncheon will
be served in the dining rooms.
Jeanne Sichel, sponsor, is in charge
of the event.
Roble Hall will hold open house
tomorrow for invited guests of the
freshman women from 10:30 to 12:30.
Rooms will be open, and light re
freshments obtainable in Ihe kitch
enettes until noon. From 11:30 until
12:30 o clock a bufTet luncheon will
be served in the dining rooms.
Jeanne Sichel, sponsor, is in charge
of the event.
Roble Hall will hold open house
tomorrow for invited guests of the
freshman women from 10:30 to 12:30.
Rooms will be open, and light re
freshments obtainable in Ihe kitch
enettes until noon. From 11:30 until
12:30 o clock a bufTet luncheon will
be served in the dining rooms.
Jeanne Sichel, sponsor, is in charge
of the event.
Roble Hall will hold open house
tomorrow for invited guests of the
freshman women from 10:30 to 12:30.
Rooms will be open, and light re
freshments obtainable in Ihe kitch
enettes until noon. From 11:30 until
12:30 o clock a bufTet luncheon will
be served in the dining rooms.
Jeanne Sichel, sponsor, is in charge
of the event.
Roble Hall will hold open house
tomorrow for invited guests of the
freshman women from 10:30 to 12:30.
Rooms will be open, and light re
freshments obtainable in Ihe kitch
enettes until noon. From 11:30 until
12:30 o clock a bufTet luncheon will
be served in the dining rooms.
Jeanne Sichel, sponsor, is in charge
of the event.
Roble Hall will hold open house
tomorrow for invited guests of the
freshman women from 10:30 to 12:30.
Rooms will be open, and light re
freshments obtainable in Ihe kitch
enettes until noon. From 11:30 until
12:30 o clock a bufTet luncheon will
be served in the dining rooms.
Jeanne Sichel, sponsor, is in charge
of the event.
Roble Hall will hold open house
tomorrow for invited guests of the
freshman women from 10:30 to 12:30.
Rooms will be open, and light re
freshments obtainable in Ihe kitch
enettes until noon. From 11:30 until
12:30 o clock a bufTet luncheon will
be served in the dining rooms.
Jeanne Sichel, sponsor, is in charge
of the event.
Roble Hall will hold open house
tomorrow for invited guests of the
freshman women from 10:30 to 12:30.
Rooms will be open, and light re
freshments obtainable in Ihe kitch
enettes until noon. From 11:30 until
12:30 o clock a bufTet luncheon will
be served in the dining rooms.
Jeanne Sichel, sponsor, is in charge
of the event.
Roble Hall will hold open house
tomorrow for invited guests of the
freshman women from 10:30 to 12:30.
Rooms will be open, and light re
freshments obtainable in Ihe kitch
enettes until noon. From 11:30 until
12:30 o clock a bufTet luncheon will
be served in the dining rooms.
Jeanne Sichel, sponsor, is in charge
of the event.
Roble Hall will hold open house
tomorrow for invited guests of the
freshman women from 10:30 to 12:30.
Rooms will be open, and light re
freshments obtainable in Ihe kitch
enettes until noon. From 11:30 until
12:30 o clock a bufTet luncheon will
be served in the dining rooms.
Jeanne Sichel, sponsor, is in charge
of the event.
Roble Hall will hold open house
tomorrow for invited guests of the
freshman women from 10:30 to 12:30.
Rooms will be open, and light re
freshments obtainable in Ihe kitch
enettes until noon. From 11:30 until
12:30 o clock a bufTet luncheon will
be served in the dining rooms.
Jeanne Sichel, sponsor, is in charge
of the event.
Roble Hall will hold open house
tomorrow for invited guests of the
freshman women from 10:30 to 12:30.
Rooms will be open, and light re
freshments obtainable in Ihe kitch
enettes until noon. From 11:30 until
12:30 o clock a bufTet luncheon will
be served in the dining rooms.
Jeanne Sichel, sponsor, is in charge
of the event.
