# VA Hospitals List Openings
## 
### 
Examinations for probational ap
pointments to positions as registrar,
registrar assistant, and administra
tion officer (medical) in VA hos
pitals and offices throughout Cali
fornia, Arizona and Nevada were
opened last week by the U.S. Civil
Service Commission.
Salaries range from $2,644 to
84,525 per year.
Applications must be received not
later than today by the Board of
U.S. Civil Service Examiners, VA
Branch Office 12. 180 New Mont
gomery Street, San Francisco 5.
Forms may be obtained at any
first- or second-class post office
where the examination announce
ment is posted, at the U.S. Civil
Service Commission Regional Office,
Room 129, Appraisers Building, 630
Sansome Street, San Francisco, or
at the Board of U.S. Civil Service
Examiners VA Branch Office 12.
Examinations for probational ap
pointments to positions as registrar,
registrar assistant, and administra
tion officer (medical) in VA hos
pitals and offices throughout Cali
fornia, Arizona and Nevada were
opened last week by the U.S. Civil
Service Commission.
Salaries range from $2,644 to
84,525 per year.
Applications must be received not
later than today by the Board of
U.S. Civil Service Examiners, VA
Branch Office 12. 180 New Mont
gomery Street, San Francisco 5.
Forms may be obtained at any
first- or second-class post office
where the examination announce
ment is posted, at the U.S. Civil
Service Commission Regional Office,
Room 129, Appraisers Building, 630
Sansome Street, San Francisco, or
at the Board of U.S. Civil Service
Examiners VA Branch Office 12.
Examinations for probational ap
pointments to positions as registrar,
registrar assistant, and administra
tion officer (medical) in VA hos
pitals and offices throughout Cali
fornia, Arizona and Nevada were
opened last week by the U.S. Civil
Service Commission.
Salaries range from $2,644 to
84,525 per year.
Applications must be received not
later than today by the Board of
U.S. Civil Service Examiners, VA
Branch Office 12. 180 New Mont
gomery Street, San Francisco 5.
Forms may be obtained at any
first- or second-class post office
where the examination announce
ment is posted, at the U.S. Civil
Service Commission Regional Office,
Room 129, Appraisers Building, 630
Sansome Street, San Francisco, or
at the Board of U.S. Civil Service
Examiners VA Branch Office 12.
Examinations for probational ap
pointments to positions as registrar,
registrar assistant, and administra
tion officer (medical) in VA hos
pitals and offices throughout Cali
fornia, Arizona and Nevada were
opened last week by the U.S. Civil
Service Commission.
Salaries range from $2,644 to
84,525 per year.
Applications must be received not
later than today by the Board of
U.S. Civil Service Examiners, VA
Branch Office 12. 180 New Mont
gomery Street, San Francisco 5.
Forms may be obtained at any
first- or second-class post office
where the examination announce
ment is posted, at the U.S. Civil
Service Commission Regional Office,
Room 129, Appraisers Building, 630
Sansome Street, San Francisco, or
at the Board of U.S. Civil Service
Examiners VA Branch Office 12.
Examinations for probational ap
pointments to positions as registrar,
registrar assistant, and administra
tion officer (medical) in VA hos
pitals and offices throughout Cali
fornia, Arizona and Nevada were
opened last week by the U.S. Civil
Service Commission.
Salaries range from $2,644 to
84,525 per year.
Applications must be received not
later than today by the Board of
U.S. Civil Service Examiners, VA
Branch Office 12. 180 New Mont
gomery Street, San Francisco 5.
Forms may be obtained at any
first- or second-class post office
where the examination announce
ment is posted, at the U.S. Civil
Service Commission Regional Office,
Room 129, Appraisers Building, 630
Sansome Street, San Francisco, or
at the Board of U.S. Civil Service
Examiners VA Branch Office 12.
Examinations for probational ap
pointments to positions as registrar,
registrar assistant, and administra
tion officer (medical) in VA hos
pitals and offices throughout Cali
fornia, Arizona and Nevada were
opened last week by the U.S. Civil
Service Commission.
Salaries range from $2,644 to
84,525 per year.
Applications must be received not
later than today by the Board of
U.S. Civil Service Examiners, VA
Branch Office 12. 180 New Mont
gomery Street, San Francisco 5.
Forms may be obtained at any
first- or second-class post office
where the examination announce
ment is posted, at the U.S. Civil
Service Commission Regional Office,
Room 129, Appraisers Building, 630
Sansome Street, San Francisco, or
at the Board of U.S. Civil Service
Examiners VA Branch Office 12.
Examinations for probational ap
pointments to positions as registrar,
registrar assistant, and administra
tion officer (medical) in VA hos
pitals and offices throughout Cali
fornia, Arizona and Nevada were
opened last week by the U.S. Civil
Service Commission.
Salaries range from $2,644 to
84,525 per year.
Applications must be received not
later than today by the Board of
U.S. Civil Service Examiners, VA
Branch Office 12. 180 New Mont
gomery Street, San Francisco 5.
Forms may be obtained at any
first- or second-class post office
where the examination announce
ment is posted, at the U.S. Civil
Service Commission Regional Office,
Room 129, Appraisers Building, 630
Sansome Street, San Francisco, or
at the Board of U.S. Civil Service
Examiners VA Branch Office 12.
Examinations for probational ap
pointments to positions as registrar,
registrar assistant, and administra
tion officer (medical) in VA hos
pitals and offices throughout Cali
fornia, Arizona and Nevada were
opened last week by the U.S. Civil
Service Commission.
Salaries range from $2,644 to
84,525 per year.
Applications must be received not
later than today by the Board of
U.S. Civil Service Examiners, VA
Branch Office 12. 180 New Mont
gomery Street, San Francisco 5.
Forms may be obtained at any
first- or second-class post office
where the examination announce
ment is posted, at the U.S. Civil
Service Commission Regional Office,
Room 129, Appraisers Building, 630
Sansome Street, San Francisco, or
at the Board of U.S. Civil Service
Examiners VA Branch Office 12.
Examinations for probational ap
pointments to positions as registrar,
registrar assistant, and administra
tion officer (medical) in VA hos
pitals and offices throughout Cali
fornia, Arizona and Nevada were
opened last week by the U.S. Civil
Service Commission.
Salaries range from $2,644 to
84,525 per year.
Applications must be received not
later than today by the Board of
U.S. Civil Service Examiners, VA
Branch Office 12. 180 New Mont
gomery Street, San Francisco 5.
Forms may be obtained at any
first- or second-class post office
where the examination announce
ment is posted, at the U.S. Civil
Service Commission Regional Office,
Room 129, Appraisers Building, 630
Sansome Street, San Francisco, or
at the Board of U.S. Civil Service
Examiners VA Branch Office 12.
Examinations for probational ap
pointments to positions as registrar,
registrar assistant, and administra
tion officer (medical) in VA hos
pitals and offices throughout Cali
fornia, Arizona and Nevada were
opened last week by the U.S. Civil
Service Commission.
Salaries range from $2,644 to
84,525 per year.
Applications must be received not
later than today by the Board of
U.S. Civil Service Examiners, VA
Branch Office 12. 180 New Mont
gomery Street, San Francisco 5.
Forms may be obtained at any
first- or second-class post office
where the examination announce
ment is posted, at the U.S. Civil
Service Commission Regional Office,
Room 129, Appraisers Building, 630
Sansome Street, San Francisco, or
at the Board of U.S. Civil Service
Examiners VA Branch Office 12.
Examinations for probational ap
pointments to positions as registrar,
registrar assistant, and administra
tion officer (medical) in VA hos
pitals and offices throughout Cali
fornia, Arizona and Nevada were
opened last week by the U.S. Civil
Service Commission.
Salaries range from $2,644 to
84,525 per year.
Applications must be received not
later than today by the Board of
U.S. Civil Service Examiners, VA
Branch Office 12. 180 New Mont
gomery Street, San Francisco 5.
Forms may be obtained at any
first- or second-class post office
where the examination announce
ment is posted, at the U.S. Civil
Service Commission Regional Office,
Room 129, Appraisers Building, 630
Sansome Street, San Francisco, or
at the Board of U.S. Civil Service
Examiners VA Branch Office 12.
Examinations for probational ap
pointments to positions as registrar,
registrar assistant, and administra
tion officer (medical) in VA hos
pitals and offices throughout Cali
fornia, Arizona and Nevada were
opened last week by the U.S. Civil
Service Commission.
Salaries range from $2,644 to
84,525 per year.
Applications must be received not
later than today by the Board of
U.S. Civil Service Examiners, VA
Branch Office 12. 180 New Mont
gomery Street, San Francisco 5.
Forms may be obtained at any
first- or second-class post office
where the examination announce
ment is posted, at the U.S. Civil
Service Commission Regional Office,
Room 129, Appraisers Building, 630
Sansome Street, San Francisco, or
at the Board of U.S. Civil Service
Examiners VA Branch Office 12.
Examinations for probational ap
pointments to positions as registrar,
registrar assistant, and administra
tion officer (medical) in VA hos
pitals and offices throughout Cali
fornia, Arizona and Nevada were
opened last week by the U.S. Civil
Service Commission.
Salaries range from $2,644 to
84,525 per year.
Applications must be received not
later than today by the Board of
U.S. Civil Service Examiners, VA
Branch Office 12. 180 New Mont
gomery Street, San Francisco 5.
Forms may be obtained at any
first- or second-class post office
where the examination announce
ment is posted, at the U.S. Civil
Service Commission Regional Office,
Room 129, Appraisers Building, 630
Sansome Street, San Francisco, or
at the Board of U.S. Civil Service
Examiners VA Branch Office 12.
Examinations for probational ap
pointments to positions as registrar,
registrar assistant, and administra
tion officer (medical) in VA hos
pitals and offices throughout Cali
fornia, Arizona and Nevada were
opened last week by the U.S. Civil
Service Commission.
Salaries range from $2,644 to
84,525 per year.
Applications must be received not
later than today by the Board of
U.S. Civil Service Examiners, VA
Branch Office 12. 180 New Mont
gomery Street, San Francisco 5.
Forms may be obtained at any
first- or second-class post office
where the examination announce
ment is posted, at the U.S. Civil
Service Commission Regional Office,
Room 129, Appraisers Building, 630
Sansome Street, San Francisco, or
at the Board of U.S. Civil Service
Examiners VA Branch Office 12.
Examinations for probational ap
pointments to positions as registrar,
registrar assistant, and administra
tion officer (medical) in VA hos
pitals and offices throughout Cali
fornia, Arizona and Nevada were
opened last week by the U.S. Civil
Service Commission.
Salaries range from $2,644 to
84,525 per year.
Applications must be received not
later than today by the Board of
U.S. Civil Service Examiners, VA
Branch Office 12. 180 New Mont
gomery Street, San Francisco 5.
Forms may be obtained at any
first- or second-class post office
where the examination announce
ment is posted, at the U.S. Civil
Service Commission Regional Office,
Room 129, Appraisers Building, 630
Sansome Street, San Francisco, or
at the Board of U.S. Civil Service
Examiners VA Branch Office 12.
