# Seniors Get Alumni Rate
## 
### 
Life subscriptions in the Stanford
A'.umni Association may be pur
chased at the reduced rate of $60
by all graduating seniors prior to
graduation, Jack Shoup, alumni di
rector. said yesterday.
Regular rate is $75. and $15 less
for those who are still in school.
Subscriptions may be purchased on
the installment plan, Shoup said.
Students can pay $10 now, and the
rest in $5 yearly installments.
Membership in the Alumni Asso
ciation entitles a person to the
Alumni Review, published monthly,
membership in Stanford Alumni
Clubs which are located throughout
the country, and a priority in get
ting tickets for Stanford football
games.
