# Bulletin Board
## MONDAY, FEBRUARY 10 
### 
Sophomore Carnival Booths: Organ
ization representatives will meet
in Room 200-0 in the English
Building at 9 o'clock tonight to
present ideas for concessions.
Stanford Radio Hour: KGO at 8
o'clock, Dr. Walter V. Kaulfers
will speak on the future of the
foreign language curriculum in
high schools.
Palo Alto Chapter of the R.0.T.C.:
Monthly dinner and meeting to
night at Wilson's. Dinner will be
at 7 o'clock and the meeting at
8:30 o'clock.
Y.M.C.A.: Cabinet members will
meet Tuesday afternoon at 3:30
o'clock in the "Y" clubrooms to
hear a talk by Dr. Carol E. Jame
son, Stanford alumna, on medical
work in India.
Women's Conference: Will meet in
Clubhouse at 1 o'clock.
San Carlo Opera Company: Tickels
must be bought at Music Dept.,
Room 84, between 10 and 11
o'clock, today and tomorrow.
Sophomore Carnival Booths: Organ
ization representatives will meet
in Room 200-0 in the English
Building at 9 o'clock tonight to
present ideas for concessions.
Stanford Radio Hour: KGO at 8
o'clock, Dr. Walter V. Kaulfers
will speak on the future of the
foreign language curriculum in
high schools.
Palo Alto Chapter of the R.0.T.C.:
Monthly dinner and meeting to
night at Wilson's. Dinner will be
at 7 o'clock and the meeting at
8:30 o'clock.
Y.M.C.A.: Cabinet members will
meet Tuesday afternoon at 3:30
o'clock in the "Y" clubrooms to
hear a talk by Dr. Carol E. Jame
son, Stanford alumna, on medical
work in India.
Women's Conference: Will meet in
Clubhouse at 1 o'clock.
San Carlo Opera Company: Tickels
must be bought at Music Dept.,
Room 84, between 10 and 11
o'clock, today and tomorrow.
Sophomore Carnival Booths: Organ
ization representatives will meet
in Room 200-0 in the English
Building at 9 o'clock tonight to
present ideas for concessions.
Stanford Radio Hour: KGO at 8
o'clock, Dr. Walter V. Kaulfers
will speak on the future of the
foreign language curriculum in
high schools.
Palo Alto Chapter of the R.0.T.C.:
Monthly dinner and meeting to
night at Wilson's. Dinner will be
at 7 o'clock and the meeting at
8:30 o'clock.
Y.M.C.A.: Cabinet members will
meet Tuesday afternoon at 3:30
o'clock in the "Y" clubrooms to
hear a talk by Dr. Carol E. Jame
son, Stanford alumna, on medical
work in India.
Women's Conference: Will meet in
Clubhouse at 1 o'clock.
San Carlo Opera Company: Tickels
must be bought at Music Dept.,
Room 84, between 10 and 11
o'clock, today and tomorrow.
Sophomore Carnival Booths: Organ
ization representatives will meet
in Room 200-0 in the English
Building at 9 o'clock tonight to
present ideas for concessions.
Stanford Radio Hour: KGO at 8
o'clock, Dr. Walter V. Kaulfers
will speak on the future of the
foreign language curriculum in
high schools.
Palo Alto Chapter of the R.0.T.C.:
Monthly dinner and meeting to
night at Wilson's. Dinner will be
at 7 o'clock and the meeting at
8:30 o'clock.
Y.M.C.A.: Cabinet members will
meet Tuesday afternoon at 3:30
o'clock in the "Y" clubrooms to
hear a talk by Dr. Carol E. Jame
son, Stanford alumna, on medical
work in India.
Women's Conference: Will meet in
Clubhouse at 1 o'clock.
San Carlo Opera Company: Tickels
must be bought at Music Dept.,
Room 84, between 10 and 11
o'clock, today and tomorrow.
Sophomore Carnival Booths: Organ
ization representatives will meet
in Room 200-0 in the English
Building at 9 o'clock tonight to
present ideas for concessions.
Stanford Radio Hour: KGO at 8
o'clock, Dr. Walter V. Kaulfers
will speak on the future of the
foreign language curriculum in
high schools.
Palo Alto Chapter of the R.0.T.C.:
Monthly dinner and meeting to
night at Wilson's. Dinner will be
at 7 o'clock and the meeting at
8:30 o'clock.
Y.M.C.A.: Cabinet members will
meet Tuesday afternoon at 3:30
o'clock in the "Y" clubrooms to
hear a talk by Dr. Carol E. Jame
son, Stanford alumna, on medical
work in India.
Women's Conference: Will meet in
Clubhouse at 1 o'clock.
San Carlo Opera Company: Tickels
must be bought at Music Dept.,
Room 84, between 10 and 11
o'clock, today and tomorrow.
Sophomore Carnival Booths: Organ
ization representatives will meet
in Room 200-0 in the English
Building at 9 o'clock tonight to
present ideas for concessions.
Stanford Radio Hour: KGO at 8
o'clock, Dr. Walter V. Kaulfers
will speak on the future of the
foreign language curriculum in
high schools.
Palo Alto Chapter of the R.0.T.C.:
Monthly dinner and meeting to
night at Wilson's. Dinner will be
at 7 o'clock and the meeting at
8:30 o'clock.
Y.M.C.A.: Cabinet members will
meet Tuesday afternoon at 3:30
o'clock in the "Y" clubrooms to
hear a talk by Dr. Carol E. Jame
son, Stanford alumna, on medical
work in India.
Women's Conference: Will meet in
Clubhouse at 1 o'clock.
San Carlo Opera Company: Tickels
must be bought at Music Dept.,
Room 84, between 10 and 11
o'clock, today and tomorrow.
Sophomore Carnival Booths: Organ
ization representatives will meet
in Room 200-0 in the English
Building at 9 o'clock tonight to
present ideas for concessions.
Stanford Radio Hour: KGO at 8
o'clock, Dr. Walter V. Kaulfers
will speak on the future of the
foreign language curriculum in
high schools.
Palo Alto Chapter of the R.0.T.C.:
Monthly dinner and meeting to
night at Wilson's. Dinner will be
at 7 o'clock and the meeting at
8:30 o'clock.
Y.M.C.A.: Cabinet members will
meet Tuesday afternoon at 3:30
o'clock in the "Y" clubrooms to
hear a talk by Dr. Carol E. Jame
son, Stanford alumna, on medical
work in India.
Women's Conference: Will meet in
Clubhouse at 1 o'clock.
San Carlo Opera Company: Tickels
must be bought at Music Dept.,
Room 84, between 10 and 11
o'clock, today and tomorrow.
Sophomore Carnival Booths: Organ
ization representatives will meet
in Room 200-0 in the English
Building at 9 o'clock tonight to
present ideas for concessions.
Stanford Radio Hour: KGO at 8
o'clock, Dr. Walter V. Kaulfers
will speak on the future of the
foreign language curriculum in
high schools.
Palo Alto Chapter of the R.0.T.C.:
Monthly dinner and meeting to
night at Wilson's. Dinner will be
at 7 o'clock and the meeting at
8:30 o'clock.
Y.M.C.A.: Cabinet members will
meet Tuesday afternoon at 3:30
o'clock in the "Y" clubrooms to
hear a talk by Dr. Carol E. Jame
son, Stanford alumna, on medical
work in India.
Women's Conference: Will meet in
Clubhouse at 1 o'clock.
San Carlo Opera Company: Tickels
must be bought at Music Dept.,
Room 84, between 10 and 11
o'clock, today and tomorrow.
Sophomore Carnival Booths: Organ
ization representatives will meet
in Room 200-0 in the English
Building at 9 o'clock tonight to
present ideas for concessions.
Stanford Radio Hour: KGO at 8
o'clock, Dr. Walter V. Kaulfers
will speak on the future of the
foreign language curriculum in
high schools.
Palo Alto Chapter of the R.0.T.C.:
Monthly dinner and meeting to
night at Wilson's. Dinner will be
at 7 o'clock and the meeting at
8:30 o'clock.
Y.M.C.A.: Cabinet members will
meet Tuesday afternoon at 3:30
o'clock in the "Y" clubrooms to
hear a talk by Dr. Carol E. Jame
son, Stanford alumna, on medical
work in India.
Women's Conference: Will meet in
Clubhouse at 1 o'clock.
San Carlo Opera Company: Tickels
must be bought at Music Dept.,
Room 84, between 10 and 11
o'clock, today and tomorrow.
Sophomore Carnival Booths: Organ
ization representatives will meet
in Room 200-0 in the English
Building at 9 o'clock tonight to
present ideas for concessions.
Stanford Radio Hour: KGO at 8
o'clock, Dr. Walter V. Kaulfers
will speak on the future of the
foreign language curriculum in
high schools.
Palo Alto Chapter of the R.0.T.C.:
Monthly dinner and meeting to
night at Wilson's. Dinner will be
at 7 o'clock and the meeting at
8:30 o'clock.
Y.M.C.A.: Cabinet members will
meet Tuesday afternoon at 3:30
o'clock in the "Y" clubrooms to
hear a talk by Dr. Carol E. Jame
son, Stanford alumna, on medical
work in India.
Women's Conference: Will meet in
Clubhouse at 1 o'clock.
San Carlo Opera Company: Tickels
must be bought at Music Dept.,
Room 84, between 10 and 11
o'clock, today and tomorrow.
Sophomore Carnival Booths: Organ
ization representatives will meet
in Room 200-0 in the English
Building at 9 o'clock tonight to
present ideas for concessions.
Stanford Radio Hour: KGO at 8
o'clock, Dr. Walter V. Kaulfers
will speak on the future of the
foreign language curriculum in
high schools.
Palo Alto Chapter of the R.0.T.C.:
Monthly dinner and meeting to
night at Wilson's. Dinner will be
at 7 o'clock and the meeting at
8:30 o'clock.
Y.M.C.A.: Cabinet members will
meet Tuesday afternoon at 3:30
o'clock in the "Y" clubrooms to
hear a talk by Dr. Carol E. Jame
son, Stanford alumna, on medical
work in India.
Women's Conference: Will meet in
Clubhouse at 1 o'clock.
San Carlo Opera Company: Tickels
must be bought at Music Dept.,
Room 84, between 10 and 11
o'clock, today and tomorrow.
Sophomore Carnival Booths: Organ
ization representatives will meet
in Room 200-0 in the English
Building at 9 o'clock tonight to
present ideas for concessions.
Stanford Radio Hour: KGO at 8
o'clock, Dr. Walter V. Kaulfers
will speak on the future of the
foreign language curriculum in
high schools.
Palo Alto Chapter of the R.0.T.C.:
Monthly dinner and meeting to
night at Wilson's. Dinner will be
at 7 o'clock and the meeting at
8:30 o'clock.
Y.M.C.A.: Cabinet members will
meet Tuesday afternoon at 3:30
o'clock in the "Y" clubrooms to
hear a talk by Dr. Carol E. Jame
son, Stanford alumna, on medical
work in India.
Women's Conference: Will meet in
Clubhouse at 1 o'clock.
San Carlo Opera Company: Tickels
must be bought at Music Dept.,
Room 84, between 10 and 11
o'clock, today and tomorrow.
Sophomore Carnival Booths: Organ
ization representatives will meet
in Room 200-0 in the English
Building at 9 o'clock tonight to
present ideas for concessions.
Stanford Radio Hour: KGO at 8
o'clock, Dr. Walter V. Kaulfers
will speak on the future of the
foreign language curriculum in
high schools.
Palo Alto Chapter of the R.0.T.C.:
Monthly dinner and meeting to
night at Wilson's. Dinner will be
at 7 o'clock and the meeting at
8:30 o'clock.
Y.M.C.A.: Cabinet members will
meet Tuesday afternoon at 3:30
o'clock in the "Y" clubrooms to
hear a talk by Dr. Carol E. Jame
son, Stanford alumna, on medical
work in India.
Women's Conference: Will meet in
Clubhouse at 1 o'clock.
San Carlo Opera Company: Tickels
must be bought at Music Dept.,
Room 84, between 10 and 11
o'clock, today and tomorrow.
Sophomore Carnival Booths: Organ
ization representatives will meet
in Room 200-0 in the English
Building at 9 o'clock tonight to
present ideas for concessions.
Stanford Radio Hour: KGO at 8
o'clock, Dr. Walter V. Kaulfers
will speak on the future of the
foreign language curriculum in
high schools.
Palo Alto Chapter of the R.0.T.C.:
Monthly dinner and meeting to
night at Wilson's. Dinner will be
at 7 o'clock and the meeting at
8:30 o'clock.
Y.M.C.A.: Cabinet members will
meet Tuesday afternoon at 3:30
o'clock in the "Y" clubrooms to
hear a talk by Dr. Carol E. Jame
son, Stanford alumna, on medical
work in India.
Women's Conference: Will meet in
Clubhouse at 1 o'clock.
San Carlo Opera Company: Tickels
must be bought at Music Dept.,
Room 84, between 10 and 11
o'clock, today and tomorrow.
Sophomore Carnival Booths: Organ
ization representatives will meet
in Room 200-0 in the English
Building at 9 o'clock tonight to
present ideas for concessions.
Stanford Radio Hour: KGO at 8
o'clock, Dr. Walter V. Kaulfers
will speak on the future of the
foreign language curriculum in
high schools.
Palo Alto Chapter of the R.0.T.C.:
Monthly dinner and meeting to
night at Wilson's. Dinner will be
at 7 o'clock and the meeting at
8:30 o'clock.
Y.M.C.A.: Cabinet members will
meet Tuesday afternoon at 3:30
o'clock in the "Y" clubrooms to
hear a talk by Dr. Carol E. Jame
son, Stanford alumna, on medical
work in India.
Women's Conference: Will meet in
Clubhouse at 1 o'clock.
San Carlo Opera Company: Tickels
must be bought at Music Dept.,
Room 84, between 10 and 11
o'clock, today and tomorrow.
Sophomore Carnival Booths: Organ
ization representatives will meet
in Room 200-0 in the English
Building at 9 o'clock tonight to
present ideas for concessions.
Stanford Radio Hour: KGO at 8
o'clock, Dr. Walter V. Kaulfers
will speak on the future of the
foreign language curriculum in
high schools.
Palo Alto Chapter of the R.0.T.C.:
Monthly dinner and meeting to
night at Wilson's. Dinner will be
at 7 o'clock and the meeting at
8:30 o'clock.
Y.M.C.A.: Cabinet members will
meet Tuesday afternoon at 3:30
o'clock in the "Y" clubrooms to
hear a talk by Dr. Carol E. Jame
son, Stanford alumna, on medical
work in India.
Women's Conference: Will meet in
Clubhouse at 1 o'clock.
San Carlo Opera Company: Tickels
must be bought at Music Dept.,
Room 84, between 10 and 11
o'clock, today and tomorrow.
