# L.A. Border Patrol
## 
### 

TRUCKEE BECAME part of Los Angeles wh en this squad of poiice irom the southern city
started patrolling the highway there to stem the flow of transients and indigents into the
state. (A.P. Photo)

TRUCKEE BECAME part of Los Angeles wh en this squad of poiice irom the southern city
started patrolling the highway there to stem the flow of transients and indigents into the
state. (A.P. Photo)

TRUCKEE BECAME part of Los Angeles wh en this squad of poiice irom the southern city
started patrolling the highway there to stem the flow of transients and indigents into the
state. (A.P. Photo)

TRUCKEE BECAME part of Los Angeles wh en this squad of poiice irom the southern city
started patrolling the highway there to stem the flow of transients and indigents into the
state. (A.P. Photo)

TRUCKEE BECAME part of Los Angeles wh en this squad of poiice irom the southern city
started patrolling the highway there to stem the flow of transients and indigents into the
state. (A.P. Photo)

TRUCKEE BECAME part of Los Angeles wh en this squad of poiice irom the southern city
started patrolling the highway there to stem the flow of transients and indigents into the
state. (A.P. Photo)

TRUCKEE BECAME part of Los Angeles wh en this squad of poiice irom the southern city
started patrolling the highway there to stem the flow of transients and indigents into the
state. (A.P. Photo)

TRUCKEE BECAME part of Los Angeles wh en this squad of poiice irom the southern city
started patrolling the highway there to stem the flow of transients and indigents into the
state. (A.P. Photo)

TRUCKEE BECAME part of Los Angeles wh en this squad of poiice irom the southern city
started patrolling the highway there to stem the flow of transients and indigents into the
state. (A.P. Photo)

TRUCKEE BECAME part of Los Angeles wh en this squad of poiice irom the southern city
started patrolling the highway there to stem the flow of transients and indigents into the
state. (A.P. Photo)

TRUCKEE BECAME part of Los Angeles wh en this squad of poiice irom the southern city
started patrolling the highway there to stem the flow of transients and indigents into the
state. (A.P. Photo)

TRUCKEE BECAME part of Los Angeles wh en this squad of poiice irom the southern city
started patrolling the highway there to stem the flow of transients and indigents into the
state. (A.P. Photo)

TRUCKEE BECAME part of Los Angeles wh en this squad of poiice irom the southern city
started patrolling the highway there to stem the flow of transients and indigents into the
state. (A.P. Photo)

TRUCKEE BECAME part of Los Angeles wh en this squad of poiice irom the southern city
started patrolling the highway there to stem the flow of transients and indigents into the
state. (A.P. Photo)

TRUCKEE BECAME part of Los Angeles wh en this squad of poiice irom the southern city
started patrolling the highway there to stem the flow of transients and indigents into the
state. (A.P. Photo)

TRUCKEE BECAME part of Los Angeles wh en this squad of poiice irom the southern city
started patrolling the highway there to stem the flow of transients and indigents into the
state. (A.P. Photo)
