# "Y" Secretary Recovering From Severe Knee Injury
## 
### 
Miss Mary C. Foster, general secretary
of the Y.W.C.A., who was injured in an
auto accident a few weeks ago, is re
ported to be making a satisfactory recov
ery at the Palo Alto Hospital. An opera
tion performed on her knee will prevent
her returning to the campus for some
time, attendants reported. In the mean
while the student cabinet is carrying on
the general work of the organization.
Miss Mary C. Foster, general secretary
of the Y.W.C.A., who was injured in an
auto accident a few weeks ago, is re
ported to be making a satisfactory recov
ery at the Palo Alto Hospital. An opera
tion performed on her knee will prevent
her returning to the campus for some
time, attendants reported. In the mean
while the student cabinet is carrying on
the general work of the organization.
Miss Mary C. Foster, general secretary
of the Y.W.C.A., who was injured in an
auto accident a few weeks ago, is re
ported to be making a satisfactory recov
ery at the Palo Alto Hospital. An opera
tion performed on her knee will prevent
her returning to the campus for some
time, attendants reported. In the mean
while the student cabinet is carrying on
the general work of the organization.
Miss Mary C. Foster, general secretary
of the Y.W.C.A., who was injured in an
auto accident a few weeks ago, is re
ported to be making a satisfactory recov
ery at the Palo Alto Hospital. An opera
tion performed on her knee will prevent
her returning to the campus for some
time, attendants reported. In the mean
while the student cabinet is carrying on
the general work of the organization.
Miss Mary C. Foster, general secretary
of the Y.W.C.A., who was injured in an
auto accident a few weeks ago, is re
ported to be making a satisfactory recov
ery at the Palo Alto Hospital. An opera
tion performed on her knee will prevent
her returning to the campus for some
time, attendants reported. In the mean
while the student cabinet is carrying on
the general work of the organization.
Miss Mary C. Foster, general secretary
of the Y.W.C.A., who was injured in an
auto accident a few weeks ago, is re
ported to be making a satisfactory recov
ery at the Palo Alto Hospital. An opera
tion performed on her knee will prevent
her returning to the campus for some
time, attendants reported. In the mean
while the student cabinet is carrying on
the general work of the organization.
Miss Mary C. Foster, general secretary
of the Y.W.C.A., who was injured in an
auto accident a few weeks ago, is re
ported to be making a satisfactory recov
ery at the Palo Alto Hospital. An opera
tion performed on her knee will prevent
her returning to the campus for some
time, attendants reported. In the mean
while the student cabinet is carrying on
the general work of the organization.
Miss Mary C. Foster, general secretary
of the Y.W.C.A., who was injured in an
auto accident a few weeks ago, is re
ported to be making a satisfactory recov
ery at the Palo Alto Hospital. An opera
tion performed on her knee will prevent
her returning to the campus for some
time, attendants reported. In the mean
while the student cabinet is carrying on
the general work of the organization.
Miss Mary C. Foster, general secretary
of the Y.W.C.A., who was injured in an
auto accident a few weeks ago, is re
ported to be making a satisfactory recov
ery at the Palo Alto Hospital. An opera
tion performed on her knee will prevent
her returning to the campus for some
time, attendants reported. In the mean
while the student cabinet is carrying on
the general work of the organization.
Miss Mary C. Foster, general secretary
of the Y.W.C.A., who was injured in an
auto accident a few weeks ago, is re
ported to be making a satisfactory recov
ery at the Palo Alto Hospital. An opera
tion performed on her knee will prevent
her returning to the campus for some
time, attendants reported. In the mean
while the student cabinet is carrying on
the general work of the organization.
Miss Mary C. Foster, general secretary
of the Y.W.C.A., who was injured in an
auto accident a few weeks ago, is re
ported to be making a satisfactory recov
ery at the Palo Alto Hospital. An opera
tion performed on her knee will prevent
her returning to the campus for some
time, attendants reported. In the mean
while the student cabinet is carrying on
the general work of the organization.
Miss Mary C. Foster, general secretary
of the Y.W.C.A., who was injured in an
auto accident a few weeks ago, is re
ported to be making a satisfactory recov
ery at the Palo Alto Hospital. An opera
tion performed on her knee will prevent
her returning to the campus for some
time, attendants reported. In the mean
while the student cabinet is carrying on
the general work of the organization.
Miss Mary C. Foster, general secretary
of the Y.W.C.A., who was injured in an
auto accident a few weeks ago, is re
ported to be making a satisfactory recov
ery at the Palo Alto Hospital. An opera
tion performed on her knee will prevent
her returning to the campus for some
time, attendants reported. In the mean
while the student cabinet is carrying on
the general work of the organization.
Miss Mary C. Foster, general secretary
of the Y.W.C.A., who was injured in an
auto accident a few weeks ago, is re
ported to be making a satisfactory recov
ery at the Palo Alto Hospital. An opera
tion performed on her knee will prevent
her returning to the campus for some
time, attendants reported. In the mean
while the student cabinet is carrying on
the general work of the organization.
Miss Mary C. Foster, general secretary
of the Y.W.C.A., who was injured in an
auto accident a few weeks ago, is re
ported to be making a satisfactory recov
ery at the Palo Alto Hospital. An opera
tion performed on her knee will prevent
her returning to the campus for some
time, attendants reported. In the mean
while the student cabinet is carrying on
the general work of the organization.
Miss Mary C. Foster, general secretary
of the Y.W.C.A., who was injured in an
auto accident a few weeks ago, is re
ported to be making a satisfactory recov
ery at the Palo Alto Hospital. An opera
tion performed on her knee will prevent
her returning to the campus for some
time, attendants reported. In the mean
while the student cabinet is carrying on
the general work of the organization.
Miss Mary C. Foster, general secretary
of the Y.W.C.A., who was injured in an
auto accident a few weeks ago, is re
ported to be making a satisfactory recov
ery at the Palo Alto Hospital. An opera
tion performed on her knee will prevent
her returning to the campus for some
time, attendants reported. In the mean
while the student cabinet is carrying on
the general work of the organization.
