# Untitled Article
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 25. (AP)—
First actual preliminary work was
begun today on the Golden Gate
bridge when diamond drill test bor
ings were started.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 25. (AP)—
First actual preliminary work was
begun today on the Golden Gate
bridge when diamond drill test bor
ings were started.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 25. (AP)—
First actual preliminary work was
begun today on the Golden Gate
bridge when diamond drill test bor
ings were started.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 25. (AP)—
First actual preliminary work was
begun today on the Golden Gate
bridge when diamond drill test bor
ings were started.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 25. (AP)—
First actual preliminary work was
begun today on the Golden Gate
bridge when diamond drill test bor
ings were started.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 25. (AP)—
First actual preliminary work was
begun today on the Golden Gate
bridge when diamond drill test bor
ings were started.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 25. (AP)—
First actual preliminary work was
begun today on the Golden Gate
bridge when diamond drill test bor
ings were started.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 25. (AP)—
First actual preliminary work was
begun today on the Golden Gate
bridge when diamond drill test bor
ings were started.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 25. (AP)—
First actual preliminary work was
begun today on the Golden Gate
bridge when diamond drill test bor
ings were started.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 25. (AP)—
First actual preliminary work was
begun today on the Golden Gate
bridge when diamond drill test bor
ings were started.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 25. (AP)—
First actual preliminary work was
begun today on the Golden Gate
bridge when diamond drill test bor
ings were started.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 25. (AP)—
First actual preliminary work was
begun today on the Golden Gate
bridge when diamond drill test bor
ings were started.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 25. (AP)—
First actual preliminary work was
begun today on the Golden Gate
bridge when diamond drill test bor
ings were started.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 25. (AP)—
First actual preliminary work was
begun today on the Golden Gate
bridge when diamond drill test bor
ings were started.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 25. (AP)—
First actual preliminary work was
begun today on the Golden Gate
bridge when diamond drill test bor
ings were started.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 25. (AP)—
First actual preliminary work was
begun today on the Golden Gate
bridge when diamond drill test bor
ings were started.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 25. (AP)—
First actual preliminary work was
begun today on the Golden Gate
bridge when diamond drill test bor
ings were started.
