# AUTOMOBILE STOLEN
## 
### 
An automobile belonging to C. F. Ril
liet, Oakland, was stolen from the cam
pus during the Big Game, according to
reports received by the Palo Alto police
yesterday.
An automobile belonging to C. F. Ril
liet, Oakland, was stolen from the cam
pus during the Big Game, according to
reports received by the Palo Alto police
yesterday.
An automobile belonging to C. F. Ril
liet, Oakland, was stolen from the cam
pus during the Big Game, according to
reports received by the Palo Alto police
yesterday.
An automobile belonging to C. F. Ril
liet, Oakland, was stolen from the cam
pus during the Big Game, according to
reports received by the Palo Alto police
yesterday.
An automobile belonging to C. F. Ril
liet, Oakland, was stolen from the cam
pus during the Big Game, according to
reports received by the Palo Alto police
yesterday.
An automobile belonging to C. F. Ril
liet, Oakland, was stolen from the cam
pus during the Big Game, according to
reports received by the Palo Alto police
yesterday.
An automobile belonging to C. F. Ril
liet, Oakland, was stolen from the cam
pus during the Big Game, according to
reports received by the Palo Alto police
yesterday.
An automobile belonging to C. F. Ril
liet, Oakland, was stolen from the cam
pus during the Big Game, according to
reports received by the Palo Alto police
yesterday.
An automobile belonging to C. F. Ril
liet, Oakland, was stolen from the cam
pus during the Big Game, according to
reports received by the Palo Alto police
yesterday.
An automobile belonging to C. F. Ril
liet, Oakland, was stolen from the cam
pus during the Big Game, according to
reports received by the Palo Alto police
yesterday.
An automobile belonging to C. F. Ril
liet, Oakland, was stolen from the cam
pus during the Big Game, according to
reports received by the Palo Alto police
yesterday.
An automobile belonging to C. F. Ril
liet, Oakland, was stolen from the cam
pus during the Big Game, according to
reports received by the Palo Alto police
yesterday.
An automobile belonging to C. F. Ril
liet, Oakland, was stolen from the cam
pus during the Big Game, according to
reports received by the Palo Alto police
yesterday.
An automobile belonging to C. F. Ril
liet, Oakland, was stolen from the cam
pus during the Big Game, according to
reports received by the Palo Alto police
yesterday.
An automobile belonging to C. F. Ril
liet, Oakland, was stolen from the cam
pus during the Big Game, according to
reports received by the Palo Alto police
yesterday.
An automobile belonging to C. F. Ril
liet, Oakland, was stolen from the cam
pus during the Big Game, according to
reports received by the Palo Alto police
yesterday.
An automobile belonging to C. F. Ril
liet, Oakland, was stolen from the cam
pus during the Big Game, according to
reports received by the Palo Alto police
yesterday.
