# Opposition Leaders Admit Mistakes To Soviet Party
## 
### 
MOSCOW, U.S.S.R., Nov. 25. (/P) —
Nikolai Bucharin, Alexis I. Rykov,
and Michael P. Tomsky, leaders of the
right wing opposition, today handed
to the central committee of the com
munist party a written declaration ad
mitting their political tactical mis
takes, condemning their former op
positionary activities and promising
the communist party their full sup
port in carrying out decisions of the
central committee.
MOSCOW, U.S.S.R., Nov. 25. (/P) —
Nikolai Bucharin, Alexis I. Rykov,
and Michael P. Tomsky, leaders of the
right wing opposition, today handed
to the central committee of the com
munist party a written declaration ad
mitting their political tactical mis
takes, condemning their former op
positionary activities and promising
the communist party their full sup
port in carrying out decisions of the
central committee.
MOSCOW, U.S.S.R., Nov. 25. (/P) —
Nikolai Bucharin, Alexis I. Rykov,
and Michael P. Tomsky, leaders of the
right wing opposition, today handed
to the central committee of the com
munist party a written declaration ad
mitting their political tactical mis
takes, condemning their former op
positionary activities and promising
the communist party their full sup
port in carrying out decisions of the
central committee.
MOSCOW, U.S.S.R., Nov. 25. (/P) —
Nikolai Bucharin, Alexis I. Rykov,
and Michael P. Tomsky, leaders of the
right wing opposition, today handed
to the central committee of the com
munist party a written declaration ad
mitting their political tactical mis
takes, condemning their former op
positionary activities and promising
the communist party their full sup
port in carrying out decisions of the
central committee.
MOSCOW, U.S.S.R., Nov. 25. (/P) —
Nikolai Bucharin, Alexis I. Rykov,
and Michael P. Tomsky, leaders of the
right wing opposition, today handed
to the central committee of the com
munist party a written declaration ad
mitting their political tactical mis
takes, condemning their former op
positionary activities and promising
the communist party their full sup
port in carrying out decisions of the
central committee.
MOSCOW, U.S.S.R., Nov. 25. (/P) —
Nikolai Bucharin, Alexis I. Rykov,
and Michael P. Tomsky, leaders of the
right wing opposition, today handed
to the central committee of the com
munist party a written declaration ad
mitting their political tactical mis
takes, condemning their former op
positionary activities and promising
the communist party their full sup
port in carrying out decisions of the
central committee.
MOSCOW, U.S.S.R., Nov. 25. (/P) —
Nikolai Bucharin, Alexis I. Rykov,
and Michael P. Tomsky, leaders of the
right wing opposition, today handed
to the central committee of the com
munist party a written declaration ad
mitting their political tactical mis
takes, condemning their former op
positionary activities and promising
the communist party their full sup
port in carrying out decisions of the
central committee.
MOSCOW, U.S.S.R., Nov. 25. (/P) —
Nikolai Bucharin, Alexis I. Rykov,
and Michael P. Tomsky, leaders of the
right wing opposition, today handed
to the central committee of the com
munist party a written declaration ad
mitting their political tactical mis
takes, condemning their former op
positionary activities and promising
the communist party their full sup
port in carrying out decisions of the
central committee.
MOSCOW, U.S.S.R., Nov. 25. (/P) —
Nikolai Bucharin, Alexis I. Rykov,
and Michael P. Tomsky, leaders of the
right wing opposition, today handed
to the central committee of the com
munist party a written declaration ad
mitting their political tactical mis
takes, condemning their former op
positionary activities and promising
the communist party their full sup
port in carrying out decisions of the
central committee.
MOSCOW, U.S.S.R., Nov. 25. (/P) —
Nikolai Bucharin, Alexis I. Rykov,
and Michael P. Tomsky, leaders of the
right wing opposition, today handed
to the central committee of the com
munist party a written declaration ad
mitting their political tactical mis
takes, condemning their former op
positionary activities and promising
the communist party their full sup
port in carrying out decisions of the
central committee.
MOSCOW, U.S.S.R., Nov. 25. (/P) —
Nikolai Bucharin, Alexis I. Rykov,
and Michael P. Tomsky, leaders of the
right wing opposition, today handed
to the central committee of the com
munist party a written declaration ad
mitting their political tactical mis
takes, condemning their former op
positionary activities and promising
the communist party their full sup
port in carrying out decisions of the
central committee.
MOSCOW, U.S.S.R., Nov. 25. (/P) —
Nikolai Bucharin, Alexis I. Rykov,
and Michael P. Tomsky, leaders of the
right wing opposition, today handed
to the central committee of the com
munist party a written declaration ad
mitting their political tactical mis
takes, condemning their former op
positionary activities and promising
the communist party their full sup
port in carrying out decisions of the
central committee.
MOSCOW, U.S.S.R., Nov. 25. (/P) —
Nikolai Bucharin, Alexis I. Rykov,
and Michael P. Tomsky, leaders of the
right wing opposition, today handed
to the central committee of the com
munist party a written declaration ad
mitting their political tactical mis
takes, condemning their former op
positionary activities and promising
the communist party their full sup
port in carrying out decisions of the
central committee.
MOSCOW, U.S.S.R., Nov. 25. (/P) —
Nikolai Bucharin, Alexis I. Rykov,
and Michael P. Tomsky, leaders of the
right wing opposition, today handed
to the central committee of the com
munist party a written declaration ad
mitting their political tactical mis
takes, condemning their former op
positionary activities and promising
the communist party their full sup
port in carrying out decisions of the
central committee.
MOSCOW, U.S.S.R., Nov. 25. (/P) —
Nikolai Bucharin, Alexis I. Rykov,
and Michael P. Tomsky, leaders of the
right wing opposition, today handed
to the central committee of the com
munist party a written declaration ad
mitting their political tactical mis
takes, condemning their former op
positionary activities and promising
the communist party their full sup
port in carrying out decisions of the
central committee.
MOSCOW, U.S.S.R., Nov. 25. (/P) —
Nikolai Bucharin, Alexis I. Rykov,
and Michael P. Tomsky, leaders of the
right wing opposition, today handed
to the central committee of the com
munist party a written declaration ad
mitting their political tactical mis
takes, condemning their former op
positionary activities and promising
the communist party their full sup
port in carrying out decisions of the
central committee.
MOSCOW, U.S.S.R., Nov. 25. (/P) —
Nikolai Bucharin, Alexis I. Rykov,
and Michael P. Tomsky, leaders of the
right wing opposition, today handed
to the central committee of the com
munist party a written declaration ad
mitting their political tactical mis
takes, condemning their former op
positionary activities and promising
the communist party their full sup
port in carrying out decisions of the
central committee.
