# ENCINA INFORMAL
## 
### 
Bids for the Encina Club informal
December 7 go on sale today in Room
232, Encina, and the A.S.S.U. nfrice.
All members of Encina, Sequoia, Bran
ner, and Toyon hall clubs may pur
chase tickets for $2.75. The Encina
Club dance is the last hall date grant
ed for the quarter.
Bids for the Encina Club informal
December 7 go on sale today in Room
232, Encina, and the A.S.S.U. nfrice.
All members of Encina, Sequoia, Bran
ner, and Toyon hall clubs may pur
chase tickets for $2.75. The Encina
Club dance is the last hall date grant
ed for the quarter.
Bids for the Encina Club informal
December 7 go on sale today in Room
232, Encina, and the A.S.S.U. nfrice.
All members of Encina, Sequoia, Bran
ner, and Toyon hall clubs may pur
chase tickets for $2.75. The Encina
Club dance is the last hall date grant
ed for the quarter.
Bids for the Encina Club informal
December 7 go on sale today in Room
232, Encina, and the A.S.S.U. nfrice.
All members of Encina, Sequoia, Bran
ner, and Toyon hall clubs may pur
chase tickets for $2.75. The Encina
Club dance is the last hall date grant
ed for the quarter.
Bids for the Encina Club informal
December 7 go on sale today in Room
232, Encina, and the A.S.S.U. nfrice.
All members of Encina, Sequoia, Bran
ner, and Toyon hall clubs may pur
chase tickets for $2.75. The Encina
Club dance is the last hall date grant
ed for the quarter.
Bids for the Encina Club informal
December 7 go on sale today in Room
232, Encina, and the A.S.S.U. nfrice.
All members of Encina, Sequoia, Bran
ner, and Toyon hall clubs may pur
chase tickets for $2.75. The Encina
Club dance is the last hall date grant
ed for the quarter.
Bids for the Encina Club informal
December 7 go on sale today in Room
232, Encina, and the A.S.S.U. nfrice.
All members of Encina, Sequoia, Bran
ner, and Toyon hall clubs may pur
chase tickets for $2.75. The Encina
Club dance is the last hall date grant
ed for the quarter.
Bids for the Encina Club informal
December 7 go on sale today in Room
232, Encina, and the A.S.S.U. nfrice.
All members of Encina, Sequoia, Bran
ner, and Toyon hall clubs may pur
chase tickets for $2.75. The Encina
Club dance is the last hall date grant
ed for the quarter.
Bids for the Encina Club informal
December 7 go on sale today in Room
232, Encina, and the A.S.S.U. nfrice.
All members of Encina, Sequoia, Bran
ner, and Toyon hall clubs may pur
chase tickets for $2.75. The Encina
Club dance is the last hall date grant
ed for the quarter.
Bids for the Encina Club informal
December 7 go on sale today in Room
232, Encina, and the A.S.S.U. nfrice.
All members of Encina, Sequoia, Bran
ner, and Toyon hall clubs may pur
chase tickets for $2.75. The Encina
Club dance is the last hall date grant
ed for the quarter.
Bids for the Encina Club informal
December 7 go on sale today in Room
232, Encina, and the A.S.S.U. nfrice.
All members of Encina, Sequoia, Bran
ner, and Toyon hall clubs may pur
chase tickets for $2.75. The Encina
Club dance is the last hall date grant
ed for the quarter.
Bids for the Encina Club informal
December 7 go on sale today in Room
232, Encina, and the A.S.S.U. nfrice.
All members of Encina, Sequoia, Bran
ner, and Toyon hall clubs may pur
chase tickets for $2.75. The Encina
Club dance is the last hall date grant
ed for the quarter.
Bids for the Encina Club informal
December 7 go on sale today in Room
232, Encina, and the A.S.S.U. nfrice.
All members of Encina, Sequoia, Bran
ner, and Toyon hall clubs may pur
chase tickets for $2.75. The Encina
Club dance is the last hall date grant
ed for the quarter.
Bids for the Encina Club informal
December 7 go on sale today in Room
232, Encina, and the A.S.S.U. nfrice.
All members of Encina, Sequoia, Bran
ner, and Toyon hall clubs may pur
chase tickets for $2.75. The Encina
Club dance is the last hall date grant
ed for the quarter.
Bids for the Encina Club informal
December 7 go on sale today in Room
232, Encina, and the A.S.S.U. nfrice.
All members of Encina, Sequoia, Bran
ner, and Toyon hall clubs may pur
chase tickets for $2.75. The Encina
Club dance is the last hall date grant
ed for the quarter.
Bids for the Encina Club informal
December 7 go on sale today in Room
232, Encina, and the A.S.S.U. nfrice.
All members of Encina, Sequoia, Bran
ner, and Toyon hall clubs may pur
chase tickets for $2.75. The Encina
Club dance is the last hall date grant
ed for the quarter.
Bids for the Encina Club informal
December 7 go on sale today in Room
232, Encina, and the A.S.S.U. nfrice.
All members of Encina, Sequoia, Bran
ner, and Toyon hall clubs may pur
chase tickets for $2.75. The Encina
Club dance is the last hall date grant
ed for the quarter.
