# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Polo playing and fox-hunting are
popular sports at the University of
Oklahoma this year.
Polo playing and fox-hunting are
popular sports at the University of
Oklahoma this year.
Polo playing and fox-hunting are
popular sports at the University of
Oklahoma this year.
Polo playing and fox-hunting are
popular sports at the University of
Oklahoma this year.
Polo playing and fox-hunting are
popular sports at the University of
Oklahoma this year.
Polo playing and fox-hunting are
popular sports at the University of
Oklahoma this year.
Polo playing and fox-hunting are
popular sports at the University of
Oklahoma this year.
Polo playing and fox-hunting are
popular sports at the University of
Oklahoma this year.
Polo playing and fox-hunting are
popular sports at the University of
Oklahoma this year.
Polo playing and fox-hunting are
popular sports at the University of
Oklahoma this year.
Polo playing and fox-hunting are
popular sports at the University of
Oklahoma this year.
Polo playing and fox-hunting are
popular sports at the University of
Oklahoma this year.
Polo playing and fox-hunting are
popular sports at the University of
Oklahoma this year.
Polo playing and fox-hunting are
popular sports at the University of
Oklahoma this year.
Polo playing and fox-hunting are
popular sports at the University of
Oklahoma this year.
Polo playing and fox-hunting are
popular sports at the University of
Oklahoma this year.
Polo playing and fox-hunting are
popular sports at the University of
Oklahoma this year.
