# Secretary/Receptionist
## 
### 
The Stanford Daily has an immediate opening for a
secretary/receptionist in our editorial office.
Duties include filing, 'typing Once Around the
Quad and receptionist work. Salary, is $3.30 per
hour for about 30 hours per week. The position is
for a job through this quarter and throughout next
academic year, but there will be no work this
summer. Persons available only through this quar
ter should also apply. Perfect for a student's
spouse looking for extra spending money. Call
Mike Charlson or Sara Lessley at 497-4632 for de
tails.
The Stanford Daily has an immediate opening for a
secretary/receptionist in our editorial office.
Duties include filing, 'typing Once Around the
Quad and receptionist work. Salary, is $3.30 per
hour for about 30 hours per week. The position is
for a job through this quarter and throughout next
academic year, but there will be no work this
summer. Persons available only through this quar
ter should also apply. Perfect for a student's
spouse looking for extra spending money. Call
Mike Charlson or Sara Lessley at 497-4632 for de
tails.
The Stanford Daily has an immediate opening for a
secretary/receptionist in our editorial office.
Duties include filing, 'typing Once Around the
Quad and receptionist work. Salary, is $3.30 per
hour for about 30 hours per week. The position is
for a job through this quarter and throughout next
academic year, but there will be no work this
summer. Persons available only through this quar
ter should also apply. Perfect for a student's
spouse looking for extra spending money. Call
Mike Charlson or Sara Lessley at 497-4632 for de
tails.
The Stanford Daily has an immediate opening for a
secretary/receptionist in our editorial office.
Duties include filing, 'typing Once Around the
Quad and receptionist work. Salary, is $3.30 per
hour for about 30 hours per week. The position is
for a job through this quarter and throughout next
academic year, but there will be no work this
summer. Persons available only through this quar
ter should also apply. Perfect for a student's
spouse looking for extra spending money. Call
Mike Charlson or Sara Lessley at 497-4632 for de
tails.
The Stanford Daily has an immediate opening for a
secretary/receptionist in our editorial office.
Duties include filing, 'typing Once Around the
Quad and receptionist work. Salary, is $3.30 per
hour for about 30 hours per week. The position is
for a job through this quarter and throughout next
academic year, but there will be no work this
summer. Persons available only through this quar
ter should also apply. Perfect for a student's
spouse looking for extra spending money. Call
Mike Charlson or Sara Lessley at 497-4632 for de
tails.
The Stanford Daily has an immediate opening for a
secretary/receptionist in our editorial office.
Duties include filing, 'typing Once Around the
Quad and receptionist work. Salary, is $3.30 per
hour for about 30 hours per week. The position is
for a job through this quarter and throughout next
academic year, but there will be no work this
summer. Persons available only through this quar
ter should also apply. Perfect for a student's
spouse looking for extra spending money. Call
Mike Charlson or Sara Lessley at 497-4632 for de
tails.
The Stanford Daily has an immediate opening for a
secretary/receptionist in our editorial office.
Duties include filing, 'typing Once Around the
Quad and receptionist work. Salary, is $3.30 per
hour for about 30 hours per week. The position is
for a job through this quarter and throughout next
academic year, but there will be no work this
summer. Persons available only through this quar
ter should also apply. Perfect for a student's
spouse looking for extra spending money. Call
Mike Charlson or Sara Lessley at 497-4632 for de
tails.
The Stanford Daily has an immediate opening for a
secretary/receptionist in our editorial office.
Duties include filing, 'typing Once Around the
Quad and receptionist work. Salary, is $3.30 per
hour for about 30 hours per week. The position is
for a job through this quarter and throughout next
academic year, but there will be no work this
summer. Persons available only through this quar
ter should also apply. Perfect for a student's
spouse looking for extra spending money. Call
Mike Charlson or Sara Lessley at 497-4632 for de
tails.
The Stanford Daily has an immediate opening for a
secretary/receptionist in our editorial office.
Duties include filing, 'typing Once Around the
Quad and receptionist work. Salary, is $3.30 per
hour for about 30 hours per week. The position is
for a job through this quarter and throughout next
academic year, but there will be no work this
summer. Persons available only through this quar
ter should also apply. Perfect for a student's
spouse looking for extra spending money. Call
Mike Charlson or Sara Lessley at 497-4632 for de
tails.
