# MODERN MILITARISM IS SERMON SUBJECT
## 
### 
The problems of present-day
militarism were discussed by Rabbi
Reichert, from the Temple Emanu-
EI in San Francisco, in his sermon
yesterday in the Stanford Memorial
Church.
Reichert expressed his disappoint
ment over the present generation's
failure to initiate successful peace
measures and emphasized the im
portance of the task of the next
generation in finding a more ade
quate .solution.
The problems of present-day
militarism were discussed by Rabbi
Reichert, from the Temple Emanu-
EI in San Francisco, in his sermon
yesterday in the Stanford Memorial
Church.
Reichert expressed his disappoint
ment over the present generation's
failure to initiate successful peace
measures and emphasized the im
portance of the task of the next
generation in finding a more ade
quate .solution.
The problems of present-day
militarism were discussed by Rabbi
Reichert, from the Temple Emanu-
EI in San Francisco, in his sermon
yesterday in the Stanford Memorial
Church.
Reichert expressed his disappoint
ment over the present generation's
failure to initiate successful peace
measures and emphasized the im
portance of the task of the next
generation in finding a more ade
quate .solution.
The problems of present-day
militarism were discussed by Rabbi
Reichert, from the Temple Emanu-
EI in San Francisco, in his sermon
yesterday in the Stanford Memorial
Church.
Reichert expressed his disappoint
ment over the present generation's
failure to initiate successful peace
measures and emphasized the im
portance of the task of the next
generation in finding a more ade
quate .solution.
The problems of present-day
militarism were discussed by Rabbi
Reichert, from the Temple Emanu-
EI in San Francisco, in his sermon
yesterday in the Stanford Memorial
Church.
Reichert expressed his disappoint
ment over the present generation's
failure to initiate successful peace
measures and emphasized the im
portance of the task of the next
generation in finding a more ade
quate .solution.
The problems of present-day
militarism were discussed by Rabbi
Reichert, from the Temple Emanu-
EI in San Francisco, in his sermon
yesterday in the Stanford Memorial
Church.
Reichert expressed his disappoint
ment over the present generation's
failure to initiate successful peace
measures and emphasized the im
portance of the task of the next
generation in finding a more ade
quate .solution.
The problems of present-day
militarism were discussed by Rabbi
Reichert, from the Temple Emanu-
EI in San Francisco, in his sermon
yesterday in the Stanford Memorial
Church.
Reichert expressed his disappoint
ment over the present generation's
failure to initiate successful peace
measures and emphasized the im
portance of the task of the next
generation in finding a more ade
quate .solution.
The problems of present-day
militarism were discussed by Rabbi
Reichert, from the Temple Emanu-
EI in San Francisco, in his sermon
yesterday in the Stanford Memorial
Church.
Reichert expressed his disappoint
ment over the present generation's
failure to initiate successful peace
measures and emphasized the im
portance of the task of the next
generation in finding a more ade
quate .solution.
The problems of present-day
militarism were discussed by Rabbi
Reichert, from the Temple Emanu-
EI in San Francisco, in his sermon
yesterday in the Stanford Memorial
Church.
Reichert expressed his disappoint
ment over the present generation's
failure to initiate successful peace
measures and emphasized the im
portance of the task of the next
generation in finding a more ade
quate .solution.
The problems of present-day
militarism were discussed by Rabbi
Reichert, from the Temple Emanu-
EI in San Francisco, in his sermon
yesterday in the Stanford Memorial
Church.
Reichert expressed his disappoint
ment over the present generation's
failure to initiate successful peace
measures and emphasized the im
portance of the task of the next
generation in finding a more ade
quate .solution.
The problems of present-day
militarism were discussed by Rabbi
Reichert, from the Temple Emanu-
EI in San Francisco, in his sermon
yesterday in the Stanford Memorial
Church.
Reichert expressed his disappoint
ment over the present generation's
failure to initiate successful peace
measures and emphasized the im
portance of the task of the next
generation in finding a more ade
quate .solution.
The problems of present-day
militarism were discussed by Rabbi
Reichert, from the Temple Emanu-
EI in San Francisco, in his sermon
yesterday in the Stanford Memorial
Church.
Reichert expressed his disappoint
ment over the present generation's
failure to initiate successful peace
measures and emphasized the im
portance of the task of the next
generation in finding a more ade
quate .solution.
The problems of present-day
militarism were discussed by Rabbi
Reichert, from the Temple Emanu-
EI in San Francisco, in his sermon
yesterday in the Stanford Memorial
Church.
Reichert expressed his disappoint
ment over the present generation's
failure to initiate successful peace
measures and emphasized the im
portance of the task of the next
generation in finding a more ade
quate .solution.
The problems of present-day
militarism were discussed by Rabbi
Reichert, from the Temple Emanu-
EI in San Francisco, in his sermon
yesterday in the Stanford Memorial
Church.
Reichert expressed his disappoint
ment over the present generation's
failure to initiate successful peace
measures and emphasized the im
portance of the task of the next
generation in finding a more ade
quate .solution.
The problems of present-day
militarism were discussed by Rabbi
Reichert, from the Temple Emanu-
EI in San Francisco, in his sermon
yesterday in the Stanford Memorial
Church.
Reichert expressed his disappoint
ment over the present generation's
failure to initiate successful peace
measures and emphasized the im
portance of the task of the next
generation in finding a more ade
quate .solution.
The problems of present-day
militarism were discussed by Rabbi
Reichert, from the Temple Emanu-
EI in San Francisco, in his sermon
yesterday in the Stanford Memorial
Church.
Reichert expressed his disappoint
ment over the present generation's
failure to initiate successful peace
measures and emphasized the im
portance of the task of the next
generation in finding a more ade
quate .solution.
