# PERMITS IMMIGRATION
## 
### 
RIO JANEIRO. Fob. 7. (/P)—'The
federal government, it is reported,
has signe da contract with Kalgai
Royo Kagashiki Kaisha permitting
the entry of 12,000 Japanese immi
gration to settle on land ceded by
the State of Sao Paulo to Senior
Albuquerque Lines.
RIO JANEIRO. Fob. 7. (/P)—'The
federal government, it is reported,
has signe da contract with Kalgai
Royo Kagashiki Kaisha permitting
the entry of 12,000 Japanese immi
gration to settle on land ceded by
the State of Sao Paulo to Senior
Albuquerque Lines.
RIO JANEIRO. Fob. 7. (/P)—'The
federal government, it is reported,
has signe da contract with Kalgai
Royo Kagashiki Kaisha permitting
the entry of 12,000 Japanese immi
gration to settle on land ceded by
the State of Sao Paulo to Senior
Albuquerque Lines.
RIO JANEIRO. Fob. 7. (/P)—'The
federal government, it is reported,
has signe da contract with Kalgai
Royo Kagashiki Kaisha permitting
the entry of 12,000 Japanese immi
gration to settle on land ceded by
the State of Sao Paulo to Senior
Albuquerque Lines.
RIO JANEIRO. Fob. 7. (/P)—'The
federal government, it is reported,
has signe da contract with Kalgai
Royo Kagashiki Kaisha permitting
the entry of 12,000 Japanese immi
gration to settle on land ceded by
the State of Sao Paulo to Senior
Albuquerque Lines.
RIO JANEIRO. Fob. 7. (/P)—'The
federal government, it is reported,
has signe da contract with Kalgai
Royo Kagashiki Kaisha permitting
the entry of 12,000 Japanese immi
gration to settle on land ceded by
the State of Sao Paulo to Senior
Albuquerque Lines.
RIO JANEIRO. Fob. 7. (/P)—'The
federal government, it is reported,
has signe da contract with Kalgai
Royo Kagashiki Kaisha permitting
the entry of 12,000 Japanese immi
gration to settle on land ceded by
the State of Sao Paulo to Senior
Albuquerque Lines.
RIO JANEIRO. Fob. 7. (/P)—'The
federal government, it is reported,
has signe da contract with Kalgai
Royo Kagashiki Kaisha permitting
the entry of 12,000 Japanese immi
gration to settle on land ceded by
the State of Sao Paulo to Senior
Albuquerque Lines.
RIO JANEIRO. Fob. 7. (/P)—'The
federal government, it is reported,
has signe da contract with Kalgai
Royo Kagashiki Kaisha permitting
the entry of 12,000 Japanese immi
gration to settle on land ceded by
the State of Sao Paulo to Senior
Albuquerque Lines.
RIO JANEIRO. Fob. 7. (/P)—'The
federal government, it is reported,
has signe da contract with Kalgai
Royo Kagashiki Kaisha permitting
the entry of 12,000 Japanese immi
gration to settle on land ceded by
the State of Sao Paulo to Senior
Albuquerque Lines.
RIO JANEIRO. Fob. 7. (/P)—'The
federal government, it is reported,
has signe da contract with Kalgai
Royo Kagashiki Kaisha permitting
the entry of 12,000 Japanese immi
gration to settle on land ceded by
the State of Sao Paulo to Senior
Albuquerque Lines.
RIO JANEIRO. Fob. 7. (/P)—'The
federal government, it is reported,
has signe da contract with Kalgai
Royo Kagashiki Kaisha permitting
the entry of 12,000 Japanese immi
gration to settle on land ceded by
the State of Sao Paulo to Senior
Albuquerque Lines.
RIO JANEIRO. Fob. 7. (/P)—'The
federal government, it is reported,
has signe da contract with Kalgai
Royo Kagashiki Kaisha permitting
the entry of 12,000 Japanese immi
gration to settle on land ceded by
the State of Sao Paulo to Senior
Albuquerque Lines.
RIO JANEIRO. Fob. 7. (/P)—'The
federal government, it is reported,
has signe da contract with Kalgai
Royo Kagashiki Kaisha permitting
the entry of 12,000 Japanese immi
gration to settle on land ceded by
the State of Sao Paulo to Senior
Albuquerque Lines.
RIO JANEIRO. Fob. 7. (/P)—'The
federal government, it is reported,
has signe da contract with Kalgai
Royo Kagashiki Kaisha permitting
the entry of 12,000 Japanese immi
gration to settle on land ceded by
the State of Sao Paulo to Senior
Albuquerque Lines.
RIO JANEIRO. Fob. 7. (/P)—'The
federal government, it is reported,
has signe da contract with Kalgai
Royo Kagashiki Kaisha permitting
the entry of 12,000 Japanese immi
gration to settle on land ceded by
the State of Sao Paulo to Senior
Albuquerque Lines.
