# FROSH WATER POLO TEAM BEATS PALY HIGH SCHOOL, 10-4
## 
### 
Repeating their victory over Palo
Alto High earlier this quarter, the
yearling water polo artists trounced
the prep school team 10-4 Saturday
afternoon. Their previous win came
about by an almost identical score,
10-3.
During the first half, the line-up
was as follows: Hirseh, sprint;
Boothe and Bent, forwards; Fitting
and Capers, guards; Taranik, center
back; Cooke, goal. After the first
half, Hirseh was shifted to guard
and Fitting put in the sprint posi
tion. Boothe was high-point man,
with six counts to his credit, Benet
and Hirseh each netting two. Giffin
scored half of the visitors' goals.

When the electricity supply of
| Southampton, England, failed re
j cently, a hospital sugeon operated
| on an injured workman by candle
light.
Repeating their victory over Palo
Alto High earlier this quarter, the
yearling water polo artists trounced
the prep school team 10-4 Saturday
afternoon. Their previous win came
about by an almost identical score,
10-3.
During the first half, the line-up
was as follows: Hirseh, sprint;
Boothe and Bent, forwards; Fitting
and Capers, guards; Taranik, center
back; Cooke, goal. After the first
half, Hirseh was shifted to guard
and Fitting put in the sprint posi
tion. Boothe was high-point man,
with six counts to his credit, Benet
and Hirseh each netting two. Giffin
scored half of the visitors' goals.

When the electricity supply of
| Southampton, England, failed re
j cently, a hospital sugeon operated
| on an injured workman by candle
light.
Repeating their victory over Palo
Alto High earlier this quarter, the
yearling water polo artists trounced
the prep school team 10-4 Saturday
afternoon. Their previous win came
about by an almost identical score,
10-3.
During the first half, the line-up
was as follows: Hirseh, sprint;
Boothe and Bent, forwards; Fitting
and Capers, guards; Taranik, center
back; Cooke, goal. After the first
half, Hirseh was shifted to guard
and Fitting put in the sprint posi
tion. Boothe was high-point man,
with six counts to his credit, Benet
and Hirseh each netting two. Giffin
scored half of the visitors' goals.

When the electricity supply of
| Southampton, England, failed re
j cently, a hospital sugeon operated
| on an injured workman by candle
light.
Repeating their victory over Palo
Alto High earlier this quarter, the
yearling water polo artists trounced
the prep school team 10-4 Saturday
afternoon. Their previous win came
about by an almost identical score,
10-3.
During the first half, the line-up
was as follows: Hirseh, sprint;
Boothe and Bent, forwards; Fitting
and Capers, guards; Taranik, center
back; Cooke, goal. After the first
half, Hirseh was shifted to guard
and Fitting put in the sprint posi
tion. Boothe was high-point man,
with six counts to his credit, Benet
and Hirseh each netting two. Giffin
scored half of the visitors' goals.

When the electricity supply of
| Southampton, England, failed re
j cently, a hospital sugeon operated
| on an injured workman by candle
light.
Repeating their victory over Palo
Alto High earlier this quarter, the
yearling water polo artists trounced
the prep school team 10-4 Saturday
afternoon. Their previous win came
about by an almost identical score,
10-3.
During the first half, the line-up
was as follows: Hirseh, sprint;
Boothe and Bent, forwards; Fitting
and Capers, guards; Taranik, center
back; Cooke, goal. After the first
half, Hirseh was shifted to guard
and Fitting put in the sprint posi
tion. Boothe was high-point man,
with six counts to his credit, Benet
and Hirseh each netting two. Giffin
scored half of the visitors' goals.

When the electricity supply of
| Southampton, England, failed re
j cently, a hospital sugeon operated
| on an injured workman by candle
light.
Repeating their victory over Palo
Alto High earlier this quarter, the
yearling water polo artists trounced
the prep school team 10-4 Saturday
afternoon. Their previous win came
about by an almost identical score,
10-3.
During the first half, the line-up
was as follows: Hirseh, sprint;
Boothe and Bent, forwards; Fitting
and Capers, guards; Taranik, center
back; Cooke, goal. After the first
half, Hirseh was shifted to guard
and Fitting put in the sprint posi
tion. Boothe was high-point man,
with six counts to his credit, Benet
and Hirseh each netting two. Giffin
scored half of the visitors' goals.

When the electricity supply of
| Southampton, England, failed re
j cently, a hospital sugeon operated
| on an injured workman by candle
light.
Repeating their victory over Palo
Alto High earlier this quarter, the
yearling water polo artists trounced
the prep school team 10-4 Saturday
afternoon. Their previous win came
about by an almost identical score,
10-3.
During the first half, the line-up
was as follows: Hirseh, sprint;
Boothe and Bent, forwards; Fitting
and Capers, guards; Taranik, center
back; Cooke, goal. After the first
half, Hirseh was shifted to guard
and Fitting put in the sprint posi
tion. Boothe was high-point man,
with six counts to his credit, Benet
and Hirseh each netting two. Giffin
scored half of the visitors' goals.

When the electricity supply of
| Southampton, England, failed re
j cently, a hospital sugeon operated
| on an injured workman by candle
light.
Repeating their victory over Palo
Alto High earlier this quarter, the
yearling water polo artists trounced
the prep school team 10-4 Saturday
afternoon. Their previous win came
about by an almost identical score,
10-3.
During the first half, the line-up
was as follows: Hirseh, sprint;
Boothe and Bent, forwards; Fitting
and Capers, guards; Taranik, center
back; Cooke, goal. After the first
half, Hirseh was shifted to guard
and Fitting put in the sprint posi
tion. Boothe was high-point man,
with six counts to his credit, Benet
and Hirseh each netting two. Giffin
scored half of the visitors' goals.

When the electricity supply of
| Southampton, England, failed re
j cently, a hospital sugeon operated
| on an injured workman by candle
light.
Repeating their victory over Palo
Alto High earlier this quarter, the
yearling water polo artists trounced
the prep school team 10-4 Saturday
afternoon. Their previous win came
about by an almost identical score,
10-3.
During the first half, the line-up
was as follows: Hirseh, sprint;
Boothe and Bent, forwards; Fitting
and Capers, guards; Taranik, center
back; Cooke, goal. After the first
half, Hirseh was shifted to guard
and Fitting put in the sprint posi
tion. Boothe was high-point man,
with six counts to his credit, Benet
and Hirseh each netting two. Giffin
scored half of the visitors' goals.

When the electricity supply of
| Southampton, England, failed re
j cently, a hospital sugeon operated
| on an injured workman by candle
light.
Repeating their victory over Palo
Alto High earlier this quarter, the
yearling water polo artists trounced
the prep school team 10-4 Saturday
afternoon. Their previous win came
about by an almost identical score,
10-3.
During the first half, the line-up
was as follows: Hirseh, sprint;
Boothe and Bent, forwards; Fitting
and Capers, guards; Taranik, center
back; Cooke, goal. After the first
half, Hirseh was shifted to guard
and Fitting put in the sprint posi
tion. Boothe was high-point man,
with six counts to his credit, Benet
and Hirseh each netting two. Giffin
scored half of the visitors' goals.

When the electricity supply of
| Southampton, England, failed re
j cently, a hospital sugeon operated
| on an injured workman by candle
light.
Repeating their victory over Palo
Alto High earlier this quarter, the
yearling water polo artists trounced
the prep school team 10-4 Saturday
afternoon. Their previous win came
about by an almost identical score,
10-3.
During the first half, the line-up
was as follows: Hirseh, sprint;
Boothe and Bent, forwards; Fitting
and Capers, guards; Taranik, center
back; Cooke, goal. After the first
half, Hirseh was shifted to guard
and Fitting put in the sprint posi
tion. Boothe was high-point man,
with six counts to his credit, Benet
and Hirseh each netting two. Giffin
scored half of the visitors' goals.

When the electricity supply of
| Southampton, England, failed re
j cently, a hospital sugeon operated
| on an injured workman by candle
light.
Repeating their victory over Palo
Alto High earlier this quarter, the
yearling water polo artists trounced
the prep school team 10-4 Saturday
afternoon. Their previous win came
about by an almost identical score,
10-3.
During the first half, the line-up
was as follows: Hirseh, sprint;
Boothe and Bent, forwards; Fitting
and Capers, guards; Taranik, center
back; Cooke, goal. After the first
half, Hirseh was shifted to guard
and Fitting put in the sprint posi
tion. Boothe was high-point man,
with six counts to his credit, Benet
and Hirseh each netting two. Giffin
scored half of the visitors' goals.

When the electricity supply of
| Southampton, England, failed re
j cently, a hospital sugeon operated
| on an injured workman by candle
light.
Repeating their victory over Palo
Alto High earlier this quarter, the
yearling water polo artists trounced
the prep school team 10-4 Saturday
afternoon. Their previous win came
about by an almost identical score,
10-3.
During the first half, the line-up
was as follows: Hirseh, sprint;
Boothe and Bent, forwards; Fitting
and Capers, guards; Taranik, center
back; Cooke, goal. After the first
half, Hirseh was shifted to guard
and Fitting put in the sprint posi
tion. Boothe was high-point man,
with six counts to his credit, Benet
and Hirseh each netting two. Giffin
scored half of the visitors' goals.

When the electricity supply of
| Southampton, England, failed re
j cently, a hospital sugeon operated
| on an injured workman by candle
light.
Repeating their victory over Palo
Alto High earlier this quarter, the
yearling water polo artists trounced
the prep school team 10-4 Saturday
afternoon. Their previous win came
about by an almost identical score,
10-3.
During the first half, the line-up
was as follows: Hirseh, sprint;
Boothe and Bent, forwards; Fitting
and Capers, guards; Taranik, center
back; Cooke, goal. After the first
half, Hirseh was shifted to guard
and Fitting put in the sprint posi
tion. Boothe was high-point man,
with six counts to his credit, Benet
and Hirseh each netting two. Giffin
scored half of the visitors' goals.

When the electricity supply of
| Southampton, England, failed re
j cently, a hospital sugeon operated
| on an injured workman by candle
light.
Repeating their victory over Palo
Alto High earlier this quarter, the
yearling water polo artists trounced
the prep school team 10-4 Saturday
afternoon. Their previous win came
about by an almost identical score,
10-3.
During the first half, the line-up
was as follows: Hirseh, sprint;
Boothe and Bent, forwards; Fitting
and Capers, guards; Taranik, center
back; Cooke, goal. After the first
half, Hirseh was shifted to guard
and Fitting put in the sprint posi
tion. Boothe was high-point man,
with six counts to his credit, Benet
and Hirseh each netting two. Giffin
scored half of the visitors' goals.

When the electricity supply of
| Southampton, England, failed re
j cently, a hospital sugeon operated
| on an injured workman by candle
light.
Repeating their victory over Palo
Alto High earlier this quarter, the
yearling water polo artists trounced
the prep school team 10-4 Saturday
afternoon. Their previous win came
about by an almost identical score,
10-3.
During the first half, the line-up
was as follows: Hirseh, sprint;
Boothe and Bent, forwards; Fitting
and Capers, guards; Taranik, center
back; Cooke, goal. After the first
half, Hirseh was shifted to guard
and Fitting put in the sprint posi
tion. Boothe was high-point man,
with six counts to his credit, Benet
and Hirseh each netting two. Giffin
scored half of the visitors' goals.

When the electricity supply of
| Southampton, England, failed re
j cently, a hospital sugeon operated
| on an injured workman by candle
light.
