# STAR BRUIN FORWARD
## 
### 

Dick Linthicuni, backbone of the U.C.L.A. hoop outfit, who has four
times run up against the Stanford Indian, coming out on top twice and
losing as many times.

Dick Linthicuni, backbone of the U.C.L.A. hoop outfit, who has four
times run up against the Stanford Indian, coming out on top twice and
losing as many times.

Dick Linthicuni, backbone of the U.C.L.A. hoop outfit, who has four
times run up against the Stanford Indian, coming out on top twice and
losing as many times.

Dick Linthicuni, backbone of the U.C.L.A. hoop outfit, who has four
times run up against the Stanford Indian, coming out on top twice and
losing as many times.

Dick Linthicuni, backbone of the U.C.L.A. hoop outfit, who has four
times run up against the Stanford Indian, coming out on top twice and
losing as many times.

Dick Linthicuni, backbone of the U.C.L.A. hoop outfit, who has four
times run up against the Stanford Indian, coming out on top twice and
losing as many times.

Dick Linthicuni, backbone of the U.C.L.A. hoop outfit, who has four
times run up against the Stanford Indian, coming out on top twice and
losing as many times.

Dick Linthicuni, backbone of the U.C.L.A. hoop outfit, who has four
times run up against the Stanford Indian, coming out on top twice and
losing as many times.

Dick Linthicuni, backbone of the U.C.L.A. hoop outfit, who has four
times run up against the Stanford Indian, coming out on top twice and
losing as many times.

Dick Linthicuni, backbone of the U.C.L.A. hoop outfit, who has four
times run up against the Stanford Indian, coming out on top twice and
losing as many times.

Dick Linthicuni, backbone of the U.C.L.A. hoop outfit, who has four
times run up against the Stanford Indian, coming out on top twice and
losing as many times.

Dick Linthicuni, backbone of the U.C.L.A. hoop outfit, who has four
times run up against the Stanford Indian, coming out on top twice and
losing as many times.

Dick Linthicuni, backbone of the U.C.L.A. hoop outfit, who has four
times run up against the Stanford Indian, coming out on top twice and
losing as many times.

Dick Linthicuni, backbone of the U.C.L.A. hoop outfit, who has four
times run up against the Stanford Indian, coming out on top twice and
losing as many times.

Dick Linthicuni, backbone of the U.C.L.A. hoop outfit, who has four
times run up against the Stanford Indian, coming out on top twice and
losing as many times.

Dick Linthicuni, backbone of the U.C.L.A. hoop outfit, who has four
times run up against the Stanford Indian, coming out on top twice and
losing as many times.
