# TENNIS MEET CALLED OFF AS RAIN FALLS
## 
### 
Frustrated once more by rain in
their attempt at a pre-season
strength test, the Stanford varsity
net men took a no-defeat, no-win
decision over the Burlingame
Country Club when the courts were
unplayable Saturday afternoon.
The match was called off, as was
the contest scheduled for the week
previous with the California Tennis
Club. The latter match, however,
was postponed to next Saturday,
when the strong San Francisco club
will meet the Indians on the north
ern courts.
Frustrated once more by rain in
their attempt at a pre-season
strength test, the Stanford varsity
net men took a no-defeat, no-win
decision over the Burlingame
Country Club when the courts were
unplayable Saturday afternoon.
The match was called off, as was
the contest scheduled for the week
previous with the California Tennis
Club. The latter match, however,
was postponed to next Saturday,
when the strong San Francisco club
will meet the Indians on the north
ern courts.
Frustrated once more by rain in
their attempt at a pre-season
strength test, the Stanford varsity
net men took a no-defeat, no-win
decision over the Burlingame
Country Club when the courts were
unplayable Saturday afternoon.
The match was called off, as was
the contest scheduled for the week
previous with the California Tennis
Club. The latter match, however,
was postponed to next Saturday,
when the strong San Francisco club
will meet the Indians on the north
ern courts.
Frustrated once more by rain in
their attempt at a pre-season
strength test, the Stanford varsity
net men took a no-defeat, no-win
decision over the Burlingame
Country Club when the courts were
unplayable Saturday afternoon.
The match was called off, as was
the contest scheduled for the week
previous with the California Tennis
Club. The latter match, however,
was postponed to next Saturday,
when the strong San Francisco club
will meet the Indians on the north
ern courts.
Frustrated once more by rain in
their attempt at a pre-season
strength test, the Stanford varsity
net men took a no-defeat, no-win
decision over the Burlingame
Country Club when the courts were
unplayable Saturday afternoon.
The match was called off, as was
the contest scheduled for the week
previous with the California Tennis
Club. The latter match, however,
was postponed to next Saturday,
when the strong San Francisco club
will meet the Indians on the north
ern courts.
Frustrated once more by rain in
their attempt at a pre-season
strength test, the Stanford varsity
net men took a no-defeat, no-win
decision over the Burlingame
Country Club when the courts were
unplayable Saturday afternoon.
The match was called off, as was
the contest scheduled for the week
previous with the California Tennis
Club. The latter match, however,
was postponed to next Saturday,
when the strong San Francisco club
will meet the Indians on the north
ern courts.
Frustrated once more by rain in
their attempt at a pre-season
strength test, the Stanford varsity
net men took a no-defeat, no-win
decision over the Burlingame
Country Club when the courts were
unplayable Saturday afternoon.
The match was called off, as was
the contest scheduled for the week
previous with the California Tennis
Club. The latter match, however,
was postponed to next Saturday,
when the strong San Francisco club
will meet the Indians on the north
ern courts.
Frustrated once more by rain in
their attempt at a pre-season
strength test, the Stanford varsity
net men took a no-defeat, no-win
decision over the Burlingame
Country Club when the courts were
unplayable Saturday afternoon.
The match was called off, as was
the contest scheduled for the week
previous with the California Tennis
Club. The latter match, however,
was postponed to next Saturday,
when the strong San Francisco club
will meet the Indians on the north
ern courts.
Frustrated once more by rain in
their attempt at a pre-season
strength test, the Stanford varsity
net men took a no-defeat, no-win
decision over the Burlingame
Country Club when the courts were
unplayable Saturday afternoon.
The match was called off, as was
the contest scheduled for the week
previous with the California Tennis
Club. The latter match, however,
was postponed to next Saturday,
when the strong San Francisco club
will meet the Indians on the north
ern courts.
Frustrated once more by rain in
their attempt at a pre-season
strength test, the Stanford varsity
net men took a no-defeat, no-win
decision over the Burlingame
Country Club when the courts were
unplayable Saturday afternoon.
The match was called off, as was
the contest scheduled for the week
previous with the California Tennis
Club. The latter match, however,
was postponed to next Saturday,
when the strong San Francisco club
will meet the Indians on the north
ern courts.
Frustrated once more by rain in
their attempt at a pre-season
strength test, the Stanford varsity
net men took a no-defeat, no-win
decision over the Burlingame
Country Club when the courts were
unplayable Saturday afternoon.
The match was called off, as was
the contest scheduled for the week
previous with the California Tennis
Club. The latter match, however,
was postponed to next Saturday,
when the strong San Francisco club
will meet the Indians on the north
ern courts.
Frustrated once more by rain in
their attempt at a pre-season
strength test, the Stanford varsity
net men took a no-defeat, no-win
decision over the Burlingame
Country Club when the courts were
unplayable Saturday afternoon.
The match was called off, as was
the contest scheduled for the week
previous with the California Tennis
Club. The latter match, however,
was postponed to next Saturday,
when the strong San Francisco club
will meet the Indians on the north
ern courts.
Frustrated once more by rain in
their attempt at a pre-season
strength test, the Stanford varsity
net men took a no-defeat, no-win
decision over the Burlingame
Country Club when the courts were
unplayable Saturday afternoon.
The match was called off, as was
the contest scheduled for the week
previous with the California Tennis
Club. The latter match, however,
was postponed to next Saturday,
when the strong San Francisco club
will meet the Indians on the north
ern courts.
Frustrated once more by rain in
their attempt at a pre-season
strength test, the Stanford varsity
net men took a no-defeat, no-win
decision over the Burlingame
Country Club when the courts were
unplayable Saturday afternoon.
The match was called off, as was
the contest scheduled for the week
previous with the California Tennis
Club. The latter match, however,
was postponed to next Saturday,
when the strong San Francisco club
will meet the Indians on the north
ern courts.
Frustrated once more by rain in
their attempt at a pre-season
strength test, the Stanford varsity
net men took a no-defeat, no-win
decision over the Burlingame
Country Club when the courts were
unplayable Saturday afternoon.
The match was called off, as was
the contest scheduled for the week
previous with the California Tennis
Club. The latter match, however,
was postponed to next Saturday,
when the strong San Francisco club
will meet the Indians on the north
ern courts.
Frustrated once more by rain in
their attempt at a pre-season
strength test, the Stanford varsity
net men took a no-defeat, no-win
decision over the Burlingame
Country Club when the courts were
unplayable Saturday afternoon.
The match was called off, as was
the contest scheduled for the week
previous with the California Tennis
Club. The latter match, however,
was postponed to next Saturday,
when the strong San Francisco club
will meet the Indians on the north
ern courts.
