# NEWMAN CLUB MEETS
## 
### 
A brief but important meeting of
the Newman Club, Stanford Catho
lic organization, will be held Wed
nesday eveining at 7:15 o'clock at
the Women's Clubhouse, John J.
Redhead, president, announced last
night. Wednesday's session will be
the only regular meeting of the
quarter.
A brief but important meeting of
the Newman Club, Stanford Catho
lic organization, will be held Wed
nesday eveining at 7:15 o'clock at
the Women's Clubhouse, John J.
Redhead, president, announced last
night. Wednesday's session will be
the only regular meeting of the
quarter.
A brief but important meeting of
the Newman Club, Stanford Catho
lic organization, will be held Wed
nesday eveining at 7:15 o'clock at
the Women's Clubhouse, John J.
Redhead, president, announced last
night. Wednesday's session will be
the only regular meeting of the
quarter.
A brief but important meeting of
the Newman Club, Stanford Catho
lic organization, will be held Wed
nesday eveining at 7:15 o'clock at
the Women's Clubhouse, John J.
Redhead, president, announced last
night. Wednesday's session will be
the only regular meeting of the
quarter.
A brief but important meeting of
the Newman Club, Stanford Catho
lic organization, will be held Wed
nesday eveining at 7:15 o'clock at
the Women's Clubhouse, John J.
Redhead, president, announced last
night. Wednesday's session will be
the only regular meeting of the
quarter.
A brief but important meeting of
the Newman Club, Stanford Catho
lic organization, will be held Wed
nesday eveining at 7:15 o'clock at
the Women's Clubhouse, John J.
Redhead, president, announced last
night. Wednesday's session will be
the only regular meeting of the
quarter.
A brief but important meeting of
the Newman Club, Stanford Catho
lic organization, will be held Wed
nesday eveining at 7:15 o'clock at
the Women's Clubhouse, John J.
Redhead, president, announced last
night. Wednesday's session will be
the only regular meeting of the
quarter.
A brief but important meeting of
the Newman Club, Stanford Catho
lic organization, will be held Wed
nesday eveining at 7:15 o'clock at
the Women's Clubhouse, John J.
Redhead, president, announced last
night. Wednesday's session will be
the only regular meeting of the
quarter.
A brief but important meeting of
the Newman Club, Stanford Catho
lic organization, will be held Wed
nesday eveining at 7:15 o'clock at
the Women's Clubhouse, John J.
Redhead, president, announced last
night. Wednesday's session will be
the only regular meeting of the
quarter.
A brief but important meeting of
the Newman Club, Stanford Catho
lic organization, will be held Wed
nesday eveining at 7:15 o'clock at
the Women's Clubhouse, John J.
Redhead, president, announced last
night. Wednesday's session will be
the only regular meeting of the
quarter.
A brief but important meeting of
the Newman Club, Stanford Catho
lic organization, will be held Wed
nesday eveining at 7:15 o'clock at
the Women's Clubhouse, John J.
Redhead, president, announced last
night. Wednesday's session will be
the only regular meeting of the
quarter.
A brief but important meeting of
the Newman Club, Stanford Catho
lic organization, will be held Wed
nesday eveining at 7:15 o'clock at
the Women's Clubhouse, John J.
Redhead, president, announced last
night. Wednesday's session will be
the only regular meeting of the
quarter.
A brief but important meeting of
the Newman Club, Stanford Catho
lic organization, will be held Wed
nesday eveining at 7:15 o'clock at
the Women's Clubhouse, John J.
Redhead, president, announced last
night. Wednesday's session will be
the only regular meeting of the
quarter.
A brief but important meeting of
the Newman Club, Stanford Catho
lic organization, will be held Wed
nesday eveining at 7:15 o'clock at
the Women's Clubhouse, John J.
Redhead, president, announced last
night. Wednesday's session will be
the only regular meeting of the
quarter.
A brief but important meeting of
the Newman Club, Stanford Catho
lic organization, will be held Wed
nesday eveining at 7:15 o'clock at
the Women's Clubhouse, John J.
Redhead, president, announced last
night. Wednesday's session will be
the only regular meeting of the
quarter.
A brief but important meeting of
the Newman Club, Stanford Catho
lic organization, will be held Wed
nesday eveining at 7:15 o'clock at
the Women's Clubhouse, John J.
Redhead, president, announced last
night. Wednesday's session will be
the only regular meeting of the
quarter.
