# Sterling Names Hospital Trustee
## 
### 
Stanford this week appointed a
noted biochemist to the board of J
directors of the Palo Alto-Stan-1
ford Hospital Center.
He is Dr. Alejandro Zaffaroni, I
president of Syntex Laboratories !
in Palo Alto. Dr. Zaffaroni will :
fill the vacancy of Burton W. Rob
erts. who resigned earlier this j
year to assume new duties in Min-!
neapolis, Minn.
Two other board members were j
reappointed to three-year terms.
They are Robert H. Klein of Pot
tola Valley and H. E. Robison of!
Atherton.
Announcement of the appoint
ments was made Monday by Stan- •
ford University President J. E.
Wallace Sterling at the annual
meeting of the hospital corpora
tion in Palo Alto. The Hospital I
Center is owned jointly by the city
and the University.
Stanford this week appointed a
noted biochemist to the board of J
directors of the Palo Alto-Stan-1
ford Hospital Center.
He is Dr. Alejandro Zaffaroni, I
president of Syntex Laboratories !
in Palo Alto. Dr. Zaffaroni will :
fill the vacancy of Burton W. Rob
erts. who resigned earlier this j
year to assume new duties in Min-!
neapolis, Minn.
Two other board members were j
reappointed to three-year terms.
They are Robert H. Klein of Pot
tola Valley and H. E. Robison of!
Atherton.
Announcement of the appoint
ments was made Monday by Stan- •
ford University President J. E.
Wallace Sterling at the annual
meeting of the hospital corpora
tion in Palo Alto. The Hospital I
Center is owned jointly by the city
and the University.
Stanford this week appointed a
noted biochemist to the board of J
directors of the Palo Alto-Stan-1
ford Hospital Center.
He is Dr. Alejandro Zaffaroni, I
president of Syntex Laboratories !
in Palo Alto. Dr. Zaffaroni will :
fill the vacancy of Burton W. Rob
erts. who resigned earlier this j
year to assume new duties in Min-!
neapolis, Minn.
Two other board members were j
reappointed to three-year terms.
They are Robert H. Klein of Pot
tola Valley and H. E. Robison of!
Atherton.
Announcement of the appoint
ments was made Monday by Stan- •
ford University President J. E.
Wallace Sterling at the annual
meeting of the hospital corpora
tion in Palo Alto. The Hospital I
Center is owned jointly by the city
and the University.
Stanford this week appointed a
noted biochemist to the board of J
directors of the Palo Alto-Stan-1
ford Hospital Center.
He is Dr. Alejandro Zaffaroni, I
president of Syntex Laboratories !
in Palo Alto. Dr. Zaffaroni will :
fill the vacancy of Burton W. Rob
erts. who resigned earlier this j
year to assume new duties in Min-!
neapolis, Minn.
Two other board members were j
reappointed to three-year terms.
They are Robert H. Klein of Pot
tola Valley and H. E. Robison of!
Atherton.
Announcement of the appoint
ments was made Monday by Stan- •
ford University President J. E.
Wallace Sterling at the annual
meeting of the hospital corpora
tion in Palo Alto. The Hospital I
Center is owned jointly by the city
and the University.
Stanford this week appointed a
noted biochemist to the board of J
directors of the Palo Alto-Stan-1
ford Hospital Center.
He is Dr. Alejandro Zaffaroni, I
president of Syntex Laboratories !
in Palo Alto. Dr. Zaffaroni will :
fill the vacancy of Burton W. Rob
erts. who resigned earlier this j
year to assume new duties in Min-!
neapolis, Minn.
Two other board members were j
reappointed to three-year terms.
They are Robert H. Klein of Pot
tola Valley and H. E. Robison of!
Atherton.
Announcement of the appoint
ments was made Monday by Stan- •
ford University President J. E.
Wallace Sterling at the annual
meeting of the hospital corpora
tion in Palo Alto. The Hospital I
Center is owned jointly by the city
and the University.
Stanford this week appointed a
noted biochemist to the board of J
directors of the Palo Alto-Stan-1
ford Hospital Center.
He is Dr. Alejandro Zaffaroni, I
president of Syntex Laboratories !
in Palo Alto. Dr. Zaffaroni will :
fill the vacancy of Burton W. Rob
erts. who resigned earlier this j
year to assume new duties in Min-!
neapolis, Minn.
Two other board members were j
reappointed to three-year terms.
They are Robert H. Klein of Pot
tola Valley and H. E. Robison of!
Atherton.
Announcement of the appoint
ments was made Monday by Stan- •
ford University President J. E.
Wallace Sterling at the annual
meeting of the hospital corpora
tion in Palo Alto. The Hospital I
Center is owned jointly by the city
and the University.
Stanford this week appointed a
noted biochemist to the board of J
directors of the Palo Alto-Stan-1
ford Hospital Center.
He is Dr. Alejandro Zaffaroni, I
president of Syntex Laboratories !
in Palo Alto. Dr. Zaffaroni will :
fill the vacancy of Burton W. Rob
erts. who resigned earlier this j
year to assume new duties in Min-!
neapolis, Minn.
Two other board members were j
reappointed to three-year terms.
They are Robert H. Klein of Pot
tola Valley and H. E. Robison of!
Atherton.
Announcement of the appoint
ments was made Monday by Stan- •
ford University President J. E.
Wallace Sterling at the annual
meeting of the hospital corpora
tion in Palo Alto. The Hospital I
Center is owned jointly by the city
and the University.
Stanford this week appointed a
noted biochemist to the board of J
directors of the Palo Alto-Stan-1
ford Hospital Center.
He is Dr. Alejandro Zaffaroni, I
president of Syntex Laboratories !
in Palo Alto. Dr. Zaffaroni will :
fill the vacancy of Burton W. Rob
erts. who resigned earlier this j
year to assume new duties in Min-!
neapolis, Minn.
Two other board members were j
reappointed to three-year terms.
They are Robert H. Klein of Pot
tola Valley and H. E. Robison of!
Atherton.
Announcement of the appoint
ments was made Monday by Stan- •
ford University President J. E.
Wallace Sterling at the annual
meeting of the hospital corpora
tion in Palo Alto. The Hospital I
Center is owned jointly by the city
and the University.
Stanford this week appointed a
noted biochemist to the board of J
directors of the Palo Alto-Stan-1
ford Hospital Center.
He is Dr. Alejandro Zaffaroni, I
president of Syntex Laboratories !
in Palo Alto. Dr. Zaffaroni will :
fill the vacancy of Burton W. Rob
erts. who resigned earlier this j
year to assume new duties in Min-!
neapolis, Minn.
Two other board members were j
reappointed to three-year terms.
They are Robert H. Klein of Pot
tola Valley and H. E. Robison of!
Atherton.
Announcement of the appoint
ments was made Monday by Stan- •
ford University President J. E.
Wallace Sterling at the annual
meeting of the hospital corpora
tion in Palo Alto. The Hospital I
Center is owned jointly by the city
and the University.
Stanford this week appointed a
noted biochemist to the board of J
directors of the Palo Alto-Stan-1
ford Hospital Center.
He is Dr. Alejandro Zaffaroni, I
president of Syntex Laboratories !
in Palo Alto. Dr. Zaffaroni will :
fill the vacancy of Burton W. Rob
erts. who resigned earlier this j
year to assume new duties in Min-!
neapolis, Minn.
Two other board members were j
reappointed to three-year terms.
They are Robert H. Klein of Pot
tola Valley and H. E. Robison of!
Atherton.
Announcement of the appoint
ments was made Monday by Stan- •
ford University President J. E.
Wallace Sterling at the annual
meeting of the hospital corpora
tion in Palo Alto. The Hospital I
Center is owned jointly by the city
and the University.
Stanford this week appointed a
noted biochemist to the board of J
directors of the Palo Alto-Stan-1
ford Hospital Center.
He is Dr. Alejandro Zaffaroni, I
president of Syntex Laboratories !
in Palo Alto. Dr. Zaffaroni will :
fill the vacancy of Burton W. Rob
erts. who resigned earlier this j
year to assume new duties in Min-!
neapolis, Minn.
Two other board members were j
reappointed to three-year terms.
They are Robert H. Klein of Pot
tola Valley and H. E. Robison of!
Atherton.
Announcement of the appoint
ments was made Monday by Stan- •
ford University President J. E.
Wallace Sterling at the annual
meeting of the hospital corpora
tion in Palo Alto. The Hospital I
Center is owned jointly by the city
and the University.
Stanford this week appointed a
noted biochemist to the board of J
directors of the Palo Alto-Stan-1
ford Hospital Center.
He is Dr. Alejandro Zaffaroni, I
president of Syntex Laboratories !
in Palo Alto. Dr. Zaffaroni will :
fill the vacancy of Burton W. Rob
erts. who resigned earlier this j
year to assume new duties in Min-!
neapolis, Minn.
Two other board members were j
reappointed to three-year terms.
They are Robert H. Klein of Pot
tola Valley and H. E. Robison of!
Atherton.
Announcement of the appoint
ments was made Monday by Stan- •
ford University President J. E.
Wallace Sterling at the annual
meeting of the hospital corpora
tion in Palo Alto. The Hospital I
Center is owned jointly by the city
and the University.
Stanford this week appointed a
noted biochemist to the board of J
directors of the Palo Alto-Stan-1
ford Hospital Center.
He is Dr. Alejandro Zaffaroni, I
president of Syntex Laboratories !
in Palo Alto. Dr. Zaffaroni will :
fill the vacancy of Burton W. Rob
erts. who resigned earlier this j
year to assume new duties in Min-!
neapolis, Minn.
Two other board members were j
reappointed to three-year terms.
They are Robert H. Klein of Pot
tola Valley and H. E. Robison of!
Atherton.
Announcement of the appoint
ments was made Monday by Stan- •
ford University President J. E.
Wallace Sterling at the annual
meeting of the hospital corpora
tion in Palo Alto. The Hospital I
Center is owned jointly by the city
and the University.
Stanford this week appointed a
noted biochemist to the board of J
directors of the Palo Alto-Stan-1
ford Hospital Center.
He is Dr. Alejandro Zaffaroni, I
president of Syntex Laboratories !
in Palo Alto. Dr. Zaffaroni will :
fill the vacancy of Burton W. Rob
erts. who resigned earlier this j
year to assume new duties in Min-!
neapolis, Minn.
Two other board members were j
reappointed to three-year terms.
They are Robert H. Klein of Pot
tola Valley and H. E. Robison of!
Atherton.
Announcement of the appoint
ments was made Monday by Stan- •
ford University President J. E.
Wallace Sterling at the annual
meeting of the hospital corpora
tion in Palo Alto. The Hospital I
Center is owned jointly by the city
and the University.
Stanford this week appointed a
noted biochemist to the board of J
directors of the Palo Alto-Stan-1
ford Hospital Center.
He is Dr. Alejandro Zaffaroni, I
president of Syntex Laboratories !
in Palo Alto. Dr. Zaffaroni will :
fill the vacancy of Burton W. Rob
erts. who resigned earlier this j
year to assume new duties in Min-!
neapolis, Minn.
Two other board members were j
reappointed to three-year terms.
They are Robert H. Klein of Pot
tola Valley and H. E. Robison of!
Atherton.
Announcement of the appoint
ments was made Monday by Stan- •
ford University President J. E.
Wallace Sterling at the annual
meeting of the hospital corpora
tion in Palo Alto. The Hospital I
Center is owned jointly by the city
and the University.
