# SRI Co-operates In Foreign Study
## 
### 
The Stanford Research Institute is
co-operating with the Council of
Foreign Relations of New York in
a study of the economic and politi
cal consequences of major interna
try's foreign assistance through
tional programs, such as this coun-
Point Four.
Dr. Eugene Staley of the Insti
tute's economics staff left for New
York last week to direct the study.
It will be made with the assistance
of a special committee headed by
Stacy May of the International
Basic Economy Corporation, and
business and development adminis
trators as well as social science ex
perts.
The study is expected to take a
year and will be published in book
form by the Council of Foreign Re
lations.
