# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
| TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 25
I 7-Passenger and .S-Passenger Touring |
Cars and Sedans =
25c SERVICE
Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circlc
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiii
| TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 25
I 7-Passenger and .S-Passenger Touring |
Cars and Sedans =
25c SERVICE
Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circlc
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiii
| TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 25
I 7-Passenger and .S-Passenger Touring |
Cars and Sedans =
25c SERVICE
Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circlc
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiii
| TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 25
I 7-Passenger and .S-Passenger Touring |
Cars and Sedans =
25c SERVICE
Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circlc
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiii
| TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 25
I 7-Passenger and .S-Passenger Touring |
Cars and Sedans =
25c SERVICE
Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circlc
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiii
| TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 25
I 7-Passenger and .S-Passenger Touring |
Cars and Sedans =
25c SERVICE
Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circlc
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiii
| TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 25
I 7-Passenger and .S-Passenger Touring |
Cars and Sedans =
25c SERVICE
Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circlc
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiii
| TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 25
I 7-Passenger and .S-Passenger Touring |
Cars and Sedans =
25c SERVICE
Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circlc
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiii
| TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 25
I 7-Passenger and .S-Passenger Touring |
Cars and Sedans =
25c SERVICE
Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circlc
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiii
| TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 25
I 7-Passenger and .S-Passenger Touring |
Cars and Sedans =
25c SERVICE
Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circlc
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiii
| TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 25
I 7-Passenger and .S-Passenger Touring |
Cars and Sedans =
25c SERVICE
Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circlc
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiii
| TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 25
I 7-Passenger and .S-Passenger Touring |
Cars and Sedans =
25c SERVICE
Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circlc
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiii
| TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 25
I 7-Passenger and .S-Passenger Touring |
Cars and Sedans =
25c SERVICE
Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circlc
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiii
| TOWN TAXI I
PHONE 25
I 7-Passenger and .S-Passenger Touring |
Cars and Sedans =
25c SERVICE
Office in Larkin's Hotel, Circlc
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiii
