# VERDUN
## 
### 
Tomorrow afternoon shortly after
4:30, Greek will oppose Greek, when
the new wearers of the red hats will
tangle with the first of the Twenties
to invade the Stanford campus. Al
though the hours of hostilities have
been limited and so wisely, the re
maining campus residents are antici
pating the usual combination of heavy
artillery, trench fighting, and battles
of sanguinary nature. Right here a
serious word would be appropriate.
Those in charge of student govern
ment have laid down definite rules
and regulations which must govern
the underclass scrimmages in the fu
ture. Generations of experience have
proven this to be the most feasible
method of eliminating undesirable
conditions which have characterized
these contests in the past. If the
freshmen and sophomores wish the
time honored tradition to continue,
and the good name of Stanford to re
main untarnished, let them like gen
tlemen observe these regulations.
