# Employment Manager Will Speak Thursday
## 
### 
Miss Elizabeth Kinney of the Under
wood Typewriting Company will speak
upon the "Duties of Employment Man
agers" tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock
in Room 200 in the English Building.
Miss Kinney has been with the Under
wood people for a number of years and
in the position of employment manager
she has acquired much experience of
which she will speak Thursday. All per
sons at all interested are cordially in
vited to be present at this meeting.
Miss Elizabeth Kinney of the Under
wood Typewriting Company will speak
upon the "Duties of Employment Man
agers" tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock
in Room 200 in the English Building.
Miss Kinney has been with the Under
wood people for a number of years and
in the position of employment manager
she has acquired much experience of
which she will speak Thursday. All per
sons at all interested are cordially in
vited to be present at this meeting.
Miss Elizabeth Kinney of the Under
wood Typewriting Company will speak
upon the "Duties of Employment Man
agers" tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock
in Room 200 in the English Building.
Miss Kinney has been with the Under
wood people for a number of years and
in the position of employment manager
she has acquired much experience of
which she will speak Thursday. All per
sons at all interested are cordially in
vited to be present at this meeting.
Miss Elizabeth Kinney of the Under
wood Typewriting Company will speak
upon the "Duties of Employment Man
agers" tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock
in Room 200 in the English Building.
Miss Kinney has been with the Under
wood people for a number of years and
in the position of employment manager
she has acquired much experience of
which she will speak Thursday. All per
sons at all interested are cordially in
vited to be present at this meeting.
Miss Elizabeth Kinney of the Under
wood Typewriting Company will speak
upon the "Duties of Employment Man
agers" tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock
in Room 200 in the English Building.
Miss Kinney has been with the Under
wood people for a number of years and
in the position of employment manager
she has acquired much experience of
which she will speak Thursday. All per
sons at all interested are cordially in
vited to be present at this meeting.
Miss Elizabeth Kinney of the Under
wood Typewriting Company will speak
upon the "Duties of Employment Man
agers" tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock
in Room 200 in the English Building.
Miss Kinney has been with the Under
wood people for a number of years and
in the position of employment manager
she has acquired much experience of
which she will speak Thursday. All per
sons at all interested are cordially in
vited to be present at this meeting.
Miss Elizabeth Kinney of the Under
wood Typewriting Company will speak
upon the "Duties of Employment Man
agers" tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock
in Room 200 in the English Building.
Miss Kinney has been with the Under
wood people for a number of years and
in the position of employment manager
she has acquired much experience of
which she will speak Thursday. All per
sons at all interested are cordially in
vited to be present at this meeting.
Miss Elizabeth Kinney of the Under
wood Typewriting Company will speak
upon the "Duties of Employment Man
agers" tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock
in Room 200 in the English Building.
Miss Kinney has been with the Under
wood people for a number of years and
in the position of employment manager
she has acquired much experience of
which she will speak Thursday. All per
sons at all interested are cordially in
vited to be present at this meeting.
Miss Elizabeth Kinney of the Under
wood Typewriting Company will speak
upon the "Duties of Employment Man
agers" tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock
in Room 200 in the English Building.
Miss Kinney has been with the Under
wood people for a number of years and
in the position of employment manager
she has acquired much experience of
which she will speak Thursday. All per
sons at all interested are cordially in
vited to be present at this meeting.
Miss Elizabeth Kinney of the Under
wood Typewriting Company will speak
upon the "Duties of Employment Man
agers" tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock
in Room 200 in the English Building.
Miss Kinney has been with the Under
wood people for a number of years and
in the position of employment manager
she has acquired much experience of
which she will speak Thursday. All per
sons at all interested are cordially in
vited to be present at this meeting.
Miss Elizabeth Kinney of the Under
wood Typewriting Company will speak
upon the "Duties of Employment Man
agers" tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock
in Room 200 in the English Building.
Miss Kinney has been with the Under
wood people for a number of years and
in the position of employment manager
she has acquired much experience of
which she will speak Thursday. All per
sons at all interested are cordially in
vited to be present at this meeting.
Miss Elizabeth Kinney of the Under
wood Typewriting Company will speak
upon the "Duties of Employment Man
agers" tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock
in Room 200 in the English Building.
Miss Kinney has been with the Under
wood people for a number of years and
in the position of employment manager
she has acquired much experience of
which she will speak Thursday. All per
sons at all interested are cordially in
vited to be present at this meeting.
Miss Elizabeth Kinney of the Under
wood Typewriting Company will speak
upon the "Duties of Employment Man
agers" tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock
in Room 200 in the English Building.
Miss Kinney has been with the Under
wood people for a number of years and
in the position of employment manager
she has acquired much experience of
which she will speak Thursday. All per
sons at all interested are cordially in
vited to be present at this meeting.
