# Law Schools Are Hard Hit by War Conditions
## 
### 
Contributing a larger proportion of
their men to military service than
any other department is the distin r
honor of the law schools throughout
the country. Most of the law schools
are now reduced by about fifty per
cent. Some of them, like Harvard ai d
Pennsylvania, have been reduced bv
about sixty-five per cent. Many of
these men have gone into the Officers'
Reserve Corps.
Contributing a larger proportion of
their men to military service than
any other department is the distin r
honor of the law schools throughout
the country. Most of the law schools
are now reduced by about fifty per
cent. Some of them, like Harvard ai d
Pennsylvania, have been reduced bv
about sixty-five per cent. Many of
these men have gone into the Officers'
Reserve Corps.
Contributing a larger proportion of
their men to military service than
any other department is the distin r
honor of the law schools throughout
the country. Most of the law schools
are now reduced by about fifty per
cent. Some of them, like Harvard ai d
Pennsylvania, have been reduced bv
about sixty-five per cent. Many of
these men have gone into the Officers'
Reserve Corps.
Contributing a larger proportion of
their men to military service than
any other department is the distin r
honor of the law schools throughout
the country. Most of the law schools
are now reduced by about fifty per
cent. Some of them, like Harvard ai d
Pennsylvania, have been reduced bv
about sixty-five per cent. Many of
these men have gone into the Officers'
Reserve Corps.
Contributing a larger proportion of
their men to military service than
any other department is the distin r
honor of the law schools throughout
the country. Most of the law schools
are now reduced by about fifty per
cent. Some of them, like Harvard ai d
Pennsylvania, have been reduced bv
about sixty-five per cent. Many of
these men have gone into the Officers'
Reserve Corps.
Contributing a larger proportion of
their men to military service than
any other department is the distin r
honor of the law schools throughout
the country. Most of the law schools
are now reduced by about fifty per
cent. Some of them, like Harvard ai d
Pennsylvania, have been reduced bv
about sixty-five per cent. Many of
these men have gone into the Officers'
Reserve Corps.
Contributing a larger proportion of
their men to military service than
any other department is the distin r
honor of the law schools throughout
the country. Most of the law schools
are now reduced by about fifty per
cent. Some of them, like Harvard ai d
Pennsylvania, have been reduced bv
about sixty-five per cent. Many of
these men have gone into the Officers'
Reserve Corps.
Contributing a larger proportion of
their men to military service than
any other department is the distin r
honor of the law schools throughout
the country. Most of the law schools
are now reduced by about fifty per
cent. Some of them, like Harvard ai d
Pennsylvania, have been reduced bv
about sixty-five per cent. Many of
these men have gone into the Officers'
Reserve Corps.
Contributing a larger proportion of
their men to military service than
any other department is the distin r
honor of the law schools throughout
the country. Most of the law schools
are now reduced by about fifty per
cent. Some of them, like Harvard ai d
Pennsylvania, have been reduced bv
about sixty-five per cent. Many of
these men have gone into the Officers'
Reserve Corps.
Contributing a larger proportion of
their men to military service than
any other department is the distin r
honor of the law schools throughout
the country. Most of the law schools
are now reduced by about fifty per
cent. Some of them, like Harvard ai d
Pennsylvania, have been reduced bv
about sixty-five per cent. Many of
these men have gone into the Officers'
Reserve Corps.
Contributing a larger proportion of
their men to military service than
any other department is the distin r
honor of the law schools throughout
the country. Most of the law schools
are now reduced by about fifty per
cent. Some of them, like Harvard ai d
Pennsylvania, have been reduced bv
about sixty-five per cent. Many of
these men have gone into the Officers'
Reserve Corps.
Contributing a larger proportion of
their men to military service than
any other department is the distin r
honor of the law schools throughout
the country. Most of the law schools
are now reduced by about fifty per
cent. Some of them, like Harvard ai d
Pennsylvania, have been reduced bv
about sixty-five per cent. Many of
these men have gone into the Officers'
Reserve Corps.
Contributing a larger proportion of
their men to military service than
any other department is the distin r
honor of the law schools throughout
the country. Most of the law schools
are now reduced by about fifty per
cent. Some of them, like Harvard ai d
Pennsylvania, have been reduced bv
about sixty-five per cent. Many of
these men have gone into the Officers'
Reserve Corps.
Contributing a larger proportion of
their men to military service than
any other department is the distin r
honor of the law schools throughout
the country. Most of the law schools
are now reduced by about fifty per
cent. Some of them, like Harvard ai d
Pennsylvania, have been reduced bv
about sixty-five per cent. Many of
these men have gone into the Officers'
Reserve Corps.
Contributing a larger proportion of
their men to military service than
any other department is the distin r
honor of the law schools throughout
the country. Most of the law schools
are now reduced by about fifty per
cent. Some of them, like Harvard ai d
Pennsylvania, have been reduced bv
about sixty-five per cent. Many of
these men have gone into the Officers'
Reserve Corps.
