# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Mildred Turner, '18, was re-elected
vice-president of Roble Club at a spe
cial meeting held last night. Miss
Turner is president of the Schubert
Club and a member of Music Club.
Mildred Turner, '18, was re-elected
vice-president of Roble Club at a spe
cial meeting held last night. Miss
Turner is president of the Schubert
Club and a member of Music Club.
Mildred Turner, '18, was re-elected
vice-president of Roble Club at a spe
cial meeting held last night. Miss
Turner is president of the Schubert
Club and a member of Music Club.
Mildred Turner, '18, was re-elected
vice-president of Roble Club at a spe
cial meeting held last night. Miss
Turner is president of the Schubert
Club and a member of Music Club.
Mildred Turner, '18, was re-elected
vice-president of Roble Club at a spe
cial meeting held last night. Miss
Turner is president of the Schubert
Club and a member of Music Club.
Mildred Turner, '18, was re-elected
vice-president of Roble Club at a spe
cial meeting held last night. Miss
Turner is president of the Schubert
Club and a member of Music Club.
Mildred Turner, '18, was re-elected
vice-president of Roble Club at a spe
cial meeting held last night. Miss
Turner is president of the Schubert
Club and a member of Music Club.
Mildred Turner, '18, was re-elected
vice-president of Roble Club at a spe
cial meeting held last night. Miss
Turner is president of the Schubert
Club and a member of Music Club.
Mildred Turner, '18, was re-elected
vice-president of Roble Club at a spe
cial meeting held last night. Miss
Turner is president of the Schubert
Club and a member of Music Club.
Mildred Turner, '18, was re-elected
vice-president of Roble Club at a spe
cial meeting held last night. Miss
Turner is president of the Schubert
Club and a member of Music Club.
Mildred Turner, '18, was re-elected
vice-president of Roble Club at a spe
cial meeting held last night. Miss
Turner is president of the Schubert
Club and a member of Music Club.
Mildred Turner, '18, was re-elected
vice-president of Roble Club at a spe
cial meeting held last night. Miss
Turner is president of the Schubert
Club and a member of Music Club.
Mildred Turner, '18, was re-elected
vice-president of Roble Club at a spe
cial meeting held last night. Miss
Turner is president of the Schubert
Club and a member of Music Club.
Mildred Turner, '18, was re-elected
vice-president of Roble Club at a spe
cial meeting held last night. Miss
Turner is president of the Schubert
Club and a member of Music Club.
Mildred Turner, '18, was re-elected
vice-president of Roble Club at a spe
cial meeting held last night. Miss
Turner is president of the Schubert
Club and a member of Music Club.
