# Encina Room Reservations Close Saturday, June 10th
## 
### 
Room reservations at Encina for
those who now have rooms and wish
them reserved for the fall quarter,
must l>e made at the office of the
Dean of Men, on or before Saturday.
Others can set their rooms at a draw
ing to be held at Encina hall, 011
Tuesday, June 10th, and these rooms
will be held until the fall quarter.
Room reservations at Encina for
those who now have rooms and wish
them reserved for the fall quarter,
must l>e made at the office of the
Dean of Men, on or before Saturday.
Others can set their rooms at a draw
ing to be held at Encina hall, 011
Tuesday, June 10th, and these rooms
will be held until the fall quarter.
Room reservations at Encina for
those who now have rooms and wish
them reserved for the fall quarter,
must l>e made at the office of the
Dean of Men, on or before Saturday.
Others can set their rooms at a draw
ing to be held at Encina hall, 011
Tuesday, June 10th, and these rooms
will be held until the fall quarter.
Room reservations at Encina for
those who now have rooms and wish
them reserved for the fall quarter,
must l>e made at the office of the
Dean of Men, on or before Saturday.
Others can set their rooms at a draw
ing to be held at Encina hall, 011
Tuesday, June 10th, and these rooms
will be held until the fall quarter.
Room reservations at Encina for
those who now have rooms and wish
them reserved for the fall quarter,
must l>e made at the office of the
Dean of Men, on or before Saturday.
Others can set their rooms at a draw
ing to be held at Encina hall, 011
Tuesday, June 10th, and these rooms
will be held until the fall quarter.
Room reservations at Encina for
those who now have rooms and wish
them reserved for the fall quarter,
must l>e made at the office of the
Dean of Men, on or before Saturday.
Others can set their rooms at a draw
ing to be held at Encina hall, 011
Tuesday, June 10th, and these rooms
will be held until the fall quarter.
Room reservations at Encina for
those who now have rooms and wish
them reserved for the fall quarter,
must l>e made at the office of the
Dean of Men, on or before Saturday.
Others can set their rooms at a draw
ing to be held at Encina hall, 011
Tuesday, June 10th, and these rooms
will be held until the fall quarter.
Room reservations at Encina for
those who now have rooms and wish
them reserved for the fall quarter,
must l>e made at the office of the
Dean of Men, on or before Saturday.
Others can set their rooms at a draw
ing to be held at Encina hall, 011
Tuesday, June 10th, and these rooms
will be held until the fall quarter.
Room reservations at Encina for
those who now have rooms and wish
them reserved for the fall quarter,
must l>e made at the office of the
Dean of Men, on or before Saturday.
Others can set their rooms at a draw
ing to be held at Encina hall, 011
Tuesday, June 10th, and these rooms
will be held until the fall quarter.
Room reservations at Encina for
those who now have rooms and wish
them reserved for the fall quarter,
must l>e made at the office of the
Dean of Men, on or before Saturday.
Others can set their rooms at a draw
ing to be held at Encina hall, 011
Tuesday, June 10th, and these rooms
will be held until the fall quarter.
Room reservations at Encina for
those who now have rooms and wish
them reserved for the fall quarter,
must l>e made at the office of the
Dean of Men, on or before Saturday.
Others can set their rooms at a draw
ing to be held at Encina hall, 011
Tuesday, June 10th, and these rooms
will be held until the fall quarter.
Room reservations at Encina for
those who now have rooms and wish
them reserved for the fall quarter,
must l>e made at the office of the
Dean of Men, on or before Saturday.
Others can set their rooms at a draw
ing to be held at Encina hall, 011
Tuesday, June 10th, and these rooms
will be held until the fall quarter.
