# DEBATES FOR NEXT YEAR ARE ANNOUNCED
## 
### 
Professor A. M. Cathcart of the Law
School, an old member of the E'u
nia Debating Society, spoke at the an
nual banquet of the difficulties of
founding that organiation, and the early
success of the society. Professor Mil
ler of Political Science discussed the
personnel of the society in its early
years.
M. L. McClintock, debating coach,
took the opportunity to outline the de
bating policy of Stanford for the year
1919-1920. Debates with the University
of California, the Universities of Ore
gon and Washington, and the big Joffre
Debate with the University of Califor
nia. In all probability the debate with
the University of Southern California
will be dropped.
At the conclusion the following offi
cers were elected for next year: Presi
dent. M. M. Goldstien, '19; vice-presi
dent, D. L. Goodman. '22, and secrc
tarv. K 11.I 1 . Smith. '22.
