# Severe Financial Squeeze
## Negro Colleges At 'Critical Point' 
### 
The nation's public Negro col
leges need significant increases
in financing before they can ex
pand their role as "opportunity
colleges," according to a report
issued by the National Associa
tion of State Universities and
Land - Grant Colleges (NASU
LGC).
The report, which says the 35
predominantly Negro public col
leges have reached a critical
point in their history, calls on
corporations and other private
sources of philanthropy to pro
vide a massive upsurge in their
support of these institutions.
"Despite their many contribu
tions to society, these insti
tutions are the 'forgotten col
leges' when it comes to private
support," the NASULGC report
says. Public Negro colleges get
less than one per cent of their
total income from private col
leges. "Because public institu
tions are not included in the

United Negro College Fund, they
are cut off from this major
source of corporate and founda
tion support," according to the
report.
Traditionally, public Negro In
stitutions have relied heavily on
state governments for operating
funds. The NASULGC report,
however, says"the share of pub
lic college and university income
from state sources is decreasing,
even though state dollars for
higher education are increasing."
This presents special problems
to Negro institutions, which for
years have received relatively
less money from states than
white colleges and universities,
and need "extra, 'catch up' funds
to become truly equal in qual
ity."
The report emphasizes that na
tionally declining state contribu
tions generally lead to increased
tuition. Since the average pa
rental income of students attend

ing public Negro colleges Is only
about $3,300 a year, increased
tuitions at Negro colleges are "a
severe threat to educational op
portunity."
The NASULGC study also
shows that relatively small
amounts of federal funds have
gone to Negro institutions. "Re
cent work-study and scholarship
programs, as well as the federal
programs designed to help 'de
veloping' institutions, have bene
fitted some but not all of these
institutions," it says.
"Many are unable to take full
advantage of federal student aid
and construction programs be
cause they cannot raise their
required 'matching' share of the
funds for the programs. They
also lack funds to carry out
necessary planning studies on
which to base applications for
federal funds," the report con
tinues.
The report briefly comments
on the future of Negro colleges,
the subject of several controver
sial studies within recent years.
Despite the numerous criticisms
of Negro colleges, NASULGC re

jects the idea of phasing out or
closing these institutions. "The
Negro public college will doubt
less change. But it will not die.
It has a vital role to play in
extending educational opportu
nity."
The report adds, "The future
of these colleges lies beyond
serving only one race . . . near
ly all enroll white students and
have white faculty members ...
Like all other public colleges
and universities, Negro institu
tions are facing up to the chal
lenge of providing low-cost high
quality education to students of
all races."
However, NASULGC also says,
"Any reasonable estimate of the
speed of desegreation indicates
that most of these institutions
will continue to enroll large ma
jorities of Negro students for at
least the immediate future . . . .
Furthermore, Negro students,
like white students, look upon
their college experience as a so
cial as well as academic oppor
tunity.
This continues to make the

predominantly Negro institu
tions especially attractive to
them. Moreover, in these col
leges, students find opportunities
and experiences that could not be
duplicated elseyhere," they say.
In asking for private support,
the report says faculty improve
ment is one of the major priority
areas in raising the quality of
Negro colleges. To recruit fac
ulty, public Negro colleges "must
compete not only with other pub
lic and/or Negro four-year col
leges, but also with many high
er - paying major universities
which are eager to add Negroes
to their staffs. Furthermore, pub
lic Negro colleges lack endowed
chairs to use as an aid in attrac
ting and retaining outstanding
faculty members."
In addition, these colleges need
support for student financial aid
programs, remedial and guidance
activities, modernization of faci
lities and equipment, strengthen
ing of libraries, stimulation of
research, upgrading of profes
sional schools and programs, and
needed planning and evaluation
studies.
The nation's public Negro col
leges need significant increases
in financing before they can ex
pand their role as "opportunity
colleges," according to a report
issued by the National Associa
tion of State Universities and
Land - Grant Colleges (NASU
LGC).
The report, which says the 35
predominantly Negro public col
leges have reached a critical
point in their history, calls on
corporations and other private
sources of philanthropy to pro
vide a massive upsurge in their
support of these institutions.
"Despite their many contribu
tions to society, these insti
tutions are the 'forgotten col
leges' when it comes to private
support," the NASULGC report
says. Public Negro colleges get
less than one per cent of their
total income from private col
leges. "Because public institu
tions are not included in the

United Negro College Fund, they
are cut off from this major
source of corporate and founda
tion support," according to the
report.
Traditionally, public Negro In
stitutions have relied heavily on
state governments for operating
funds. The NASULGC report,
however, says"the share of pub
lic college and university income
from state sources is decreasing,
even though state dollars for
higher education are increasing."
This presents special problems
to Negro institutions, which for
years have received relatively
less money from states than
white colleges and universities,
and need "extra, 'catch up' funds
to become truly equal in qual
ity."
The report emphasizes that na
tionally declining state contribu
tions generally lead to increased
tuition. Since the average pa
rental income of students attend

ing public Negro colleges Is only
about $3,300 a year, increased
tuitions at Negro colleges are "a
severe threat to educational op
portunity."
The NASULGC study also
shows that relatively small
amounts of federal funds have
gone to Negro institutions. "Re
cent work-study and scholarship
programs, as well as the federal
programs designed to help 'de
veloping' institutions, have bene
fitted some but not all of these
institutions," it says.
"Many are unable to take full
advantage of federal student aid
and construction programs be
cause they cannot raise their
required 'matching' share of the
funds for the programs. They
also lack funds to carry out
necessary planning studies on
which to base applications for
federal funds," the report con
tinues.
The report briefly comments
on the future of Negro colleges,
the subject of several controver
sial studies within recent years.
Despite the numerous criticisms
of Negro colleges, NASULGC re

jects the idea of phasing out or
closing these institutions. "The
Negro public college will doubt
less change. But it will not die.
It has a vital role to play in
extending educational opportu
nity."
The report adds, "The future
of these colleges lies beyond
serving only one race . . . near
ly all enroll white students and
have white faculty members ...
Like all other public colleges
and universities, Negro institu
tions are facing up to the chal
lenge of providing low-cost high
quality education to students of
all races."
However, NASULGC also says,
"Any reasonable estimate of the
speed of desegreation indicates
that most of these institutions
will continue to enroll large ma
jorities of Negro students for at
least the immediate future . . . .
Furthermore, Negro students,
like white students, look upon
their college experience as a so
cial as well as academic oppor
tunity.
This continues to make the

predominantly Negro institu
tions especially attractive to
them. Moreover, in these col
leges, students find opportunities
and experiences that could not be
duplicated elseyhere," they say.
In asking for private support,
the report says faculty improve
ment is one of the major priority
areas in raising the quality of
Negro colleges. To recruit fac
ulty, public Negro colleges "must
compete not only with other pub
lic and/or Negro four-year col
leges, but also with many high
er - paying major universities
which are eager to add Negroes
to their staffs. Furthermore, pub
lic Negro colleges lack endowed
chairs to use as an aid in attrac
ting and retaining outstanding
faculty members."
In addition, these colleges need
support for student financial aid
programs, remedial and guidance
activities, modernization of faci
lities and equipment, strengthen
ing of libraries, stimulation of
research, upgrading of profes
sional schools and programs, and
needed planning and evaluation
studies.
The nation's public Negro col
leges need significant increases
in financing before they can ex
pand their role as "opportunity
colleges," according to a report
issued by the National Associa
tion of State Universities and
Land - Grant Colleges (NASU
LGC).
The report, which says the 35
predominantly Negro public col
leges have reached a critical
point in their history, calls on
corporations and other private
sources of philanthropy to pro
vide a massive upsurge in their
support of these institutions.
"Despite their many contribu
tions to society, these insti
tutions are the 'forgotten col
leges' when it comes to private
support," the NASULGC report
says. Public Negro colleges get
less than one per cent of their
total income from private col
leges. "Because public institu
tions are not included in the

United Negro College Fund, they
are cut off from this major
source of corporate and founda
tion support," according to the
report.
Traditionally, public Negro In
stitutions have relied heavily on
state governments for operating
funds. The NASULGC report,
however, says"the share of pub
lic college and university income
from state sources is decreasing,
even though state dollars for
higher education are increasing."
This presents special problems
to Negro institutions, which for
years have received relatively
less money from states than
white colleges and universities,
and need "extra, 'catch up' funds
to become truly equal in qual
ity."
The report emphasizes that na
tionally declining state contribu
tions generally lead to increased
tuition. Since the average pa
rental income of students attend

ing public Negro colleges Is only
about $3,300 a year, increased
tuitions at Negro colleges are "a
severe threat to educational op
portunity."
The NASULGC study also
shows that relatively small
amounts of federal funds have
gone to Negro institutions. "Re
cent work-study and scholarship
programs, as well as the federal
programs designed to help 'de
veloping' institutions, have bene
fitted some but not all of these
institutions," it says.
"Many are unable to take full
advantage of federal student aid
and construction programs be
cause they cannot raise their
required 'matching' share of the
funds for the programs. They
also lack funds to carry out
necessary planning studies on
which to base applications for
federal funds," the report con
tinues.
The report briefly comments
on the future of Negro colleges,
the subject of several controver
sial studies within recent years.
Despite the numerous criticisms
of Negro colleges, NASULGC re

jects the idea of phasing out or
closing these institutions. "The
Negro public college will doubt
less change. But it will not die.
It has a vital role to play in
extending educational opportu
nity."
The report adds, "The future
of these colleges lies beyond
serving only one race . . . near
ly all enroll white students and
have white faculty members ...
Like all other public colleges
and universities, Negro institu
tions are facing up to the chal
lenge of providing low-cost high
quality education to students of
all races."
However, NASULGC also says,
"Any reasonable estimate of the
speed of desegreation indicates
that most of these institutions
will continue to enroll large ma
jorities of Negro students for at
least the immediate future . . . .
Furthermore, Negro students,
like white students, look upon
their college experience as a so
cial as well as academic oppor
tunity.
This continues to make the

predominantly Negro institu
tions especially attractive to
them. Moreover, in these col
leges, students find opportunities
and experiences that could not be
duplicated elseyhere," they say.
In asking for private support,
the report says faculty improve
ment is one of the major priority
areas in raising the quality of
Negro colleges. To recruit fac
ulty, public Negro colleges "must
compete not only with other pub
lic and/or Negro four-year col
leges, but also with many high
er - paying major universities
which are eager to add Negroes
to their staffs. Furthermore, pub
lic Negro colleges lack endowed
chairs to use as an aid in attrac
ting and retaining outstanding
faculty members."
In addition, these colleges need
support for student financial aid
programs, remedial and guidance
activities, modernization of faci
lities and equipment, strengthen
ing of libraries, stimulation of
research, upgrading of profes
sional schools and programs, and
needed planning and evaluation
studies.
The nation's public Negro col
leges need significant increases
in financing before they can ex
pand their role as "opportunity
colleges," according to a report
issued by the National Associa
tion of State Universities and
Land - Grant Colleges (NASU
LGC).
The report, which says the 35
predominantly Negro public col
leges have reached a critical
point in their history, calls on
corporations and other private
sources of philanthropy to pro
vide a massive upsurge in their
support of these institutions.
"Despite their many contribu
tions to society, these insti
tutions are the 'forgotten col
leges' when it comes to private
support," the NASULGC report
says. Public Negro colleges get
less than one per cent of their
total income from private col
leges. "Because public institu
tions are not included in the

United Negro College Fund, they
are cut off from this major
source of corporate and founda
tion support," according to the
report.
Traditionally, public Negro In
stitutions have relied heavily on
state governments for operating
funds. The NASULGC report,
however, says"the share of pub
lic college and university income
from state sources is decreasing,
even though state dollars for
higher education are increasing."
This presents special problems
to Negro institutions, which for
years have received relatively
less money from states than
white colleges and universities,
and need "extra, 'catch up' funds
to become truly equal in qual
ity."
The report emphasizes that na
tionally declining state contribu
tions generally lead to increased
tuition. Since the average pa
rental income of students attend

ing public Negro colleges Is only
about $3,300 a year, increased
tuitions at Negro colleges are "a
severe threat to educational op
portunity."
The NASULGC study also
shows that relatively small
amounts of federal funds have
gone to Negro institutions. "Re
cent work-study and scholarship
programs, as well as the federal
programs designed to help 'de
veloping' institutions, have bene
fitted some but not all of these
institutions," it says.
"Many are unable to take full
advantage of federal student aid
and construction programs be
cause they cannot raise their
required 'matching' share of the
funds for the programs. They
also lack funds to carry out
necessary planning studies on
which to base applications for
federal funds," the report con
tinues.
The report briefly comments
on the future of Negro colleges,
the subject of several controver
sial studies within recent years.
Despite the numerous criticisms
of Negro colleges, NASULGC re

jects the idea of phasing out or
closing these institutions. "The
Negro public college will doubt
less change. But it will not die.
It has a vital role to play in
extending educational opportu
nity."
The report adds, "The future
of these colleges lies beyond
serving only one race . . . near
ly all enroll white students and
have white faculty members ...
Like all other public colleges
and universities, Negro institu
tions are facing up to the chal
lenge of providing low-cost high
quality education to students of
all races."
However, NASULGC also says,
"Any reasonable estimate of the
speed of desegreation indicates
that most of these institutions
will continue to enroll large ma
jorities of Negro students for at
least the immediate future . . . .
Furthermore, Negro students,
like white students, look upon
their college experience as a so
cial as well as academic oppor
tunity.
This continues to make the

predominantly Negro institu
tions especially attractive to
them. Moreover, in these col
leges, students find opportunities
and experiences that could not be
duplicated elseyhere," they say.
In asking for private support,
the report says faculty improve
ment is one of the major priority
areas in raising the quality of
Negro colleges. To recruit fac
ulty, public Negro colleges "must
compete not only with other pub
lic and/or Negro four-year col
leges, but also with many high
er - paying major universities
which are eager to add Negroes
to their staffs. Furthermore, pub
lic Negro colleges lack endowed
chairs to use as an aid in attrac
ting and retaining outstanding
faculty members."
In addition, these colleges need
support for student financial aid
programs, remedial and guidance
activities, modernization of faci
lities and equipment, strengthen
ing of libraries, stimulation of
research, upgrading of profes
sional schools and programs, and
needed planning and evaluation
studies.
The nation's public Negro col
leges need significant increases
in financing before they can ex
pand their role as "opportunity
colleges," according to a report
issued by the National Associa
tion of State Universities and
Land - Grant Colleges (NASU
LGC).
The report, which says the 35
predominantly Negro public col
leges have reached a critical
point in their history, calls on
corporations and other private
sources of philanthropy to pro
vide a massive upsurge in their
support of these institutions.
"Despite their many contribu
tions to society, these insti
tutions are the 'forgotten col
leges' when it comes to private
support," the NASULGC report
says. Public Negro colleges get
less than one per cent of their
total income from private col
leges. "Because public institu
tions are not included in the

United Negro College Fund, they
are cut off from this major
source of corporate and founda
tion support," according to the
report.
Traditionally, public Negro In
stitutions have relied heavily on
state governments for operating
funds. The NASULGC report,
however, says"the share of pub
lic college and university income
from state sources is decreasing,
even though state dollars for
higher education are increasing."
This presents special problems
to Negro institutions, which for
years have received relatively
less money from states than
white colleges and universities,
and need "extra, 'catch up' funds
to become truly equal in qual
ity."
The report emphasizes that na
tionally declining state contribu
tions generally lead to increased
tuition. Since the average pa
rental income of students attend

ing public Negro colleges Is only
about $3,300 a year, increased
tuitions at Negro colleges are "a
severe threat to educational op
portunity."
The NASULGC study also
shows that relatively small
amounts of federal funds have
gone to Negro institutions. "Re
cent work-study and scholarship
programs, as well as the federal
programs designed to help 'de
veloping' institutions, have bene
fitted some but not all of these
institutions," it says.
"Many are unable to take full
advantage of federal student aid
and construction programs be
cause they cannot raise their
required 'matching' share of the
funds for the programs. They
also lack funds to carry out
necessary planning studies on
which to base applications for
federal funds," the report con
tinues.
The report briefly comments
on the future of Negro colleges,
the subject of several controver
sial studies within recent years.
Despite the numerous criticisms
of Negro colleges, NASULGC re

jects the idea of phasing out or
closing these institutions. "The
Negro public college will doubt
less change. But it will not die.
It has a vital role to play in
extending educational opportu
nity."
The report adds, "The future
of these colleges lies beyond
serving only one race . . . near
ly all enroll white students and
have white faculty members ...
Like all other public colleges
and universities, Negro institu
tions are facing up to the chal
lenge of providing low-cost high
quality education to students of
all races."
However, NASULGC also says,
"Any reasonable estimate of the
speed of desegreation indicates
that most of these institutions
will continue to enroll large ma
jorities of Negro students for at
least the immediate future . . . .
Furthermore, Negro students,
like white students, look upon
their college experience as a so
cial as well as academic oppor
tunity.
This continues to make the

predominantly Negro institu
tions especially attractive to
them. Moreover, in these col
leges, students find opportunities
and experiences that could not be
duplicated elseyhere," they say.
In asking for private support,
the report says faculty improve
ment is one of the major priority
areas in raising the quality of
Negro colleges. To recruit fac
ulty, public Negro colleges "must
compete not only with other pub
lic and/or Negro four-year col
leges, but also with many high
er - paying major universities
which are eager to add Negroes
to their staffs. Furthermore, pub
lic Negro colleges lack endowed
chairs to use as an aid in attrac
ting and retaining outstanding
faculty members."
In addition, these colleges need
support for student financial aid
programs, remedial and guidance
activities, modernization of faci
lities and equipment, strengthen
ing of libraries, stimulation of
research, upgrading of profes
sional schools and programs, and
needed planning and evaluation
studies.
The nation's public Negro col
leges need significant increases
in financing before they can ex
pand their role as "opportunity
colleges," according to a report
issued by the National Associa
tion of State Universities and
Land - Grant Colleges (NASU
LGC).
The report, which says the 35
predominantly Negro public col
leges have reached a critical
point in their history, calls on
corporations and other private
sources of philanthropy to pro
vide a massive upsurge in their
support of these institutions.
"Despite their many contribu
tions to society, these insti
tutions are the 'forgotten col
leges' when it comes to private
support," the NASULGC report
says. Public Negro colleges get
less than one per cent of their
total income from private col
leges. "Because public institu
tions are not included in the

United Negro College Fund, they
are cut off from this major
source of corporate and founda
tion support," according to the
report.
Traditionally, public Negro In
stitutions have relied heavily on
state governments for operating
funds. The NASULGC report,
however, says"the share of pub
lic college and university income
from state sources is decreasing,
even though state dollars for
higher education are increasing."
This presents special problems
to Negro institutions, which for
years have received relatively
less money from states than
white colleges and universities,
and need "extra, 'catch up' funds
to become truly equal in qual
ity."
The report emphasizes that na
tionally declining state contribu
tions generally lead to increased
tuition. Since the average pa
rental income of students attend

ing public Negro colleges Is only
about $3,300 a year, increased
tuitions at Negro colleges are "a
severe threat to educational op
portunity."
The NASULGC study also
shows that relatively small
amounts of federal funds have
gone to Negro institutions. "Re
cent work-study and scholarship
programs, as well as the federal
programs designed to help 'de
veloping' institutions, have bene
fitted some but not all of these
institutions," it says.
"Many are unable to take full
advantage of federal student aid
and construction programs be
cause they cannot raise their
required 'matching' share of the
funds for the programs. They
also lack funds to carry out
necessary planning studies on
which to base applications for
federal funds," the report con
tinues.
The report briefly comments
on the future of Negro colleges,
the subject of several controver
sial studies within recent years.
Despite the numerous criticisms
of Negro colleges, NASULGC re

jects the idea of phasing out or
closing these institutions. "The
Negro public college will doubt
less change. But it will not die.
It has a vital role to play in
extending educational opportu
nity."
The report adds, "The future
of these colleges lies beyond
serving only one race . . . near
ly all enroll white students and
have white faculty members ...
Like all other public colleges
and universities, Negro institu
tions are facing up to the chal
lenge of providing low-cost high
quality education to students of
all races."
However, NASULGC also says,
"Any reasonable estimate of the
speed of desegreation indicates
that most of these institutions
will continue to enroll large ma
jorities of Negro students for at
least the immediate future . . . .
Furthermore, Negro students,
like white students, look upon
their college experience as a so
cial as well as academic oppor
tunity.
This continues to make the

predominantly Negro institu
tions especially attractive to
them. Moreover, in these col
leges, students find opportunities
and experiences that could not be
duplicated elseyhere," they say.
In asking for private support,
the report says faculty improve
ment is one of the major priority
areas in raising the quality of
Negro colleges. To recruit fac
ulty, public Negro colleges "must
compete not only with other pub
lic and/or Negro four-year col
leges, but also with many high
er - paying major universities
which are eager to add Negroes
to their staffs. Furthermore, pub
lic Negro colleges lack endowed
chairs to use as an aid in attrac
ting and retaining outstanding
faculty members."
In addition, these colleges need
support for student financial aid
programs, remedial and guidance
activities, modernization of faci
lities and equipment, strengthen
ing of libraries, stimulation of
research, upgrading of profes
sional schools and programs, and
needed planning and evaluation
studies.
The nation's public Negro col
leges need significant increases
in financing before they can ex
pand their role as "opportunity
colleges," according to a report
issued by the National Associa
tion of State Universities and
Land - Grant Colleges (NASU
LGC).
The report, which says the 35
predominantly Negro public col
leges have reached a critical
point in their history, calls on
corporations and other private
sources of philanthropy to pro
vide a massive upsurge in their
support of these institutions.
"Despite their many contribu
tions to society, these insti
tutions are the 'forgotten col
leges' when it comes to private
support," the NASULGC report
says. Public Negro colleges get
less than one per cent of their
total income from private col
leges. "Because public institu
tions are not included in the

United Negro College Fund, they
are cut off from this major
source of corporate and founda
tion support," according to the
report.
Traditionally, public Negro In
stitutions have relied heavily on
state governments for operating
funds. The NASULGC report,
however, says"the share of pub
lic college and university income
from state sources is decreasing,
even though state dollars for
higher education are increasing."
This presents special problems
to Negro institutions, which for
years have received relatively
less money from states than
white colleges and universities,
and need "extra, 'catch up' funds
to become truly equal in qual
ity."
The report emphasizes that na
tionally declining state contribu
tions generally lead to increased
tuition. Since the average pa
rental income of students attend

ing public Negro colleges Is only
about $3,300 a year, increased
tuitions at Negro colleges are "a
severe threat to educational op
portunity."
The NASULGC study also
shows that relatively small
amounts of federal funds have
gone to Negro institutions. "Re
cent work-study and scholarship
programs, as well as the federal
programs designed to help 'de
veloping' institutions, have bene
fitted some but not all of these
institutions," it says.
"Many are unable to take full
advantage of federal student aid
and construction programs be
cause they cannot raise their
required 'matching' share of the
funds for the programs. They
also lack funds to carry out
necessary planning studies on
which to base applications for
federal funds," the report con
tinues.
The report briefly comments
on the future of Negro colleges,
the subject of several controver
sial studies within recent years.
Despite the numerous criticisms
of Negro colleges, NASULGC re

jects the idea of phasing out or
closing these institutions. "The
Negro public college will doubt
less change. But it will not die.
It has a vital role to play in
extending educational opportu
nity."
The report adds, "The future
of these colleges lies beyond
serving only one race . . . near
ly all enroll white students and
have white faculty members ...
Like all other public colleges
and universities, Negro institu
tions are facing up to the chal
lenge of providing low-cost high
quality education to students of
all races."
However, NASULGC also says,
"Any reasonable estimate of the
speed of desegreation indicates
that most of these institutions
will continue to enroll large ma
jorities of Negro students for at
least the immediate future . . . .
Furthermore, Negro students,
like white students, look upon
their college experience as a so
cial as well as academic oppor
tunity.
This continues to make the

predominantly Negro institu
tions especially attractive to
them. Moreover, in these col
leges, students find opportunities
and experiences that could not be
duplicated elseyhere," they say.
In asking for private support,
the report says faculty improve
ment is one of the major priority
areas in raising the quality of
Negro colleges. To recruit fac
ulty, public Negro colleges "must
compete not only with other pub
lic and/or Negro four-year col
leges, but also with many high
er - paying major universities
which are eager to add Negroes
to their staffs. Furthermore, pub
lic Negro colleges lack endowed
chairs to use as an aid in attrac
ting and retaining outstanding
faculty members."
In addition, these colleges need
support for student financial aid
programs, remedial and guidance
activities, modernization of faci
lities and equipment, strengthen
ing of libraries, stimulation of
research, upgrading of profes
sional schools and programs, and
needed planning and evaluation
studies.
The nation's public Negro col
leges need significant increases
in financing before they can ex
pand their role as "opportunity
colleges," according to a report
issued by the National Associa
tion of State Universities and
Land - Grant Colleges (NASU
LGC).
The report, which says the 35
predominantly Negro public col
leges have reached a critical
point in their history, calls on
corporations and other private
sources of philanthropy to pro
vide a massive upsurge in their
support of these institutions.
"Despite their many contribu
tions to society, these insti
tutions are the 'forgotten col
leges' when it comes to private
support," the NASULGC report
says. Public Negro colleges get
less than one per cent of their
total income from private col
leges. "Because public institu
tions are not included in the

United Negro College Fund, they
are cut off from this major
source of corporate and founda
tion support," according to the
report.
Traditionally, public Negro In
stitutions have relied heavily on
state governments for operating
funds. The NASULGC report,
however, says"the share of pub
lic college and university income
from state sources is decreasing,
even though state dollars for
higher education are increasing."
This presents special problems
to Negro institutions, which for
years have received relatively
less money from states than
white colleges and universities,
and need "extra, 'catch up' funds
to become truly equal in qual
ity."
The report emphasizes that na
tionally declining state contribu
tions generally lead to increased
tuition. Since the average pa
rental income of students attend

ing public Negro colleges Is only
about $3,300 a year, increased
tuitions at Negro colleges are "a
severe threat to educational op
portunity."
The NASULGC study also
shows that relatively small
amounts of federal funds have
gone to Negro institutions. "Re
cent work-study and scholarship
programs, as well as the federal
programs designed to help 'de
veloping' institutions, have bene
fitted some but not all of these
institutions," it says.
"Many are unable to take full
advantage of federal student aid
and construction programs be
cause they cannot raise their
required 'matching' share of the
funds for the programs. They
also lack funds to carry out
necessary planning studies on
which to base applications for
federal funds," the report con
tinues.
The report briefly comments
on the future of Negro colleges,
the subject of several controver
sial studies within recent years.
Despite the numerous criticisms
of Negro colleges, NASULGC re

jects the idea of phasing out or
closing these institutions. "The
Negro public college will doubt
less change. But it will not die.
It has a vital role to play in
extending educational opportu
nity."
The report adds, "The future
of these colleges lies beyond
serving only one race . . . near
ly all enroll white students and
have white faculty members ...
Like all other public colleges
and universities, Negro institu
tions are facing up to the chal
lenge of providing low-cost high
quality education to students of
all races."
However, NASULGC also says,
"Any reasonable estimate of the
speed of desegreation indicates
that most of these institutions
will continue to enroll large ma
jorities of Negro students for at
least the immediate future . . . .
Furthermore, Negro students,
like white students, look upon
their college experience as a so
cial as well as academic oppor
tunity.
This continues to make the

predominantly Negro institu
tions especially attractive to
them. Moreover, in these col
leges, students find opportunities
and experiences that could not be
duplicated elseyhere," they say.
In asking for private support,
the report says faculty improve
ment is one of the major priority
areas in raising the quality of
Negro colleges. To recruit fac
ulty, public Negro colleges "must
compete not only with other pub
lic and/or Negro four-year col
leges, but also with many high
er - paying major universities
which are eager to add Negroes
to their staffs. Furthermore, pub
lic Negro colleges lack endowed
chairs to use as an aid in attrac
ting and retaining outstanding
faculty members."
In addition, these colleges need
support for student financial aid
programs, remedial and guidance
activities, modernization of faci
lities and equipment, strengthen
ing of libraries, stimulation of
research, upgrading of profes
sional schools and programs, and
needed planning and evaluation
studies.
The nation's public Negro col
leges need significant increases
in financing before they can ex
pand their role as "opportunity
colleges," according to a report
issued by the National Associa
tion of State Universities and
Land - Grant Colleges (NASU
LGC).
The report, which says the 35
predominantly Negro public col
leges have reached a critical
point in their history, calls on
corporations and other private
sources of philanthropy to pro
vide a massive upsurge in their
support of these institutions.
"Despite their many contribu
tions to society, these insti
tutions are the 'forgotten col
leges' when it comes to private
support," the NASULGC report
says. Public Negro colleges get
less than one per cent of their
total income from private col
leges. "Because public institu
tions are not included in the

United Negro College Fund, they
are cut off from this major
source of corporate and founda
tion support," according to the
report.
Traditionally, public Negro In
stitutions have relied heavily on
state governments for operating
funds. The NASULGC report,
however, says"the share of pub
lic college and university income
from state sources is decreasing,
even though state dollars for
higher education are increasing."
This presents special problems
to Negro institutions, which for
years have received relatively
less money from states than
white colleges and universities,
and need "extra, 'catch up' funds
to become truly equal in qual
ity."
The report emphasizes that na
tionally declining state contribu
tions generally lead to increased
tuition. Since the average pa
rental income of students attend

ing public Negro colleges Is only
about $3,300 a year, increased
tuitions at Negro colleges are "a
severe threat to educational op
portunity."
The NASULGC study also
shows that relatively small
amounts of federal funds have
gone to Negro institutions. "Re
cent work-study and scholarship
programs, as well as the federal
programs designed to help 'de
veloping' institutions, have bene
fitted some but not all of these
institutions," it says.
"Many are unable to take full
advantage of federal student aid
and construction programs be
cause they cannot raise their
required 'matching' share of the
funds for the programs. They
also lack funds to carry out
necessary planning studies on
which to base applications for
federal funds," the report con
tinues.
The report briefly comments
on the future of Negro colleges,
the subject of several controver
sial studies within recent years.
Despite the numerous criticisms
of Negro colleges, NASULGC re

jects the idea of phasing out or
closing these institutions. "The
Negro public college will doubt
less change. But it will not die.
It has a vital role to play in
extending educational opportu
nity."
The report adds, "The future
of these colleges lies beyond
serving only one race . . . near
ly all enroll white students and
have white faculty members ...
Like all other public colleges
and universities, Negro institu
tions are facing up to the chal
lenge of providing low-cost high
quality education to students of
all races."
However, NASULGC also says,
"Any reasonable estimate of the
speed of desegreation indicates
that most of these institutions
will continue to enroll large ma
jorities of Negro students for at
least the immediate future . . . .
Furthermore, Negro students,
like white students, look upon
their college experience as a so
cial as well as academic oppor
tunity.
This continues to make the

predominantly Negro institu
tions especially attractive to
them. Moreover, in these col
leges, students find opportunities
and experiences that could not be
duplicated elseyhere," they say.
In asking for private support,
the report says faculty improve
ment is one of the major priority
areas in raising the quality of
Negro colleges. To recruit fac
ulty, public Negro colleges "must
compete not only with other pub
lic and/or Negro four-year col
leges, but also with many high
er - paying major universities
which are eager to add Negroes
to their staffs. Furthermore, pub
lic Negro colleges lack endowed
chairs to use as an aid in attrac
ting and retaining outstanding
faculty members."
In addition, these colleges need
support for student financial aid
programs, remedial and guidance
activities, modernization of faci
lities and equipment, strengthen
ing of libraries, stimulation of
research, upgrading of profes
sional schools and programs, and
needed planning and evaluation
studies.
The nation's public Negro col
leges need significant increases
in financing before they can ex
pand their role as "opportunity
colleges," according to a report
issued by the National Associa
tion of State Universities and
Land - Grant Colleges (NASU
LGC).
The report, which says the 35
predominantly Negro public col
leges have reached a critical
point in their history, calls on
corporations and other private
sources of philanthropy to pro
vide a massive upsurge in their
support of these institutions.
"Despite their many contribu
tions to society, these insti
tutions are the 'forgotten col
leges' when it comes to private
support," the NASULGC report
says. Public Negro colleges get
less than one per cent of their
total income from private col
leges. "Because public institu
tions are not included in the

United Negro College Fund, they
are cut off from this major
source of corporate and founda
tion support," according to the
report.
Traditionally, public Negro In
stitutions have relied heavily on
state governments for operating
funds. The NASULGC report,
however, says"the share of pub
lic college and university income
from state sources is decreasing,
even though state dollars for
higher education are increasing."
This presents special problems
to Negro institutions, which for
years have received relatively
less money from states than
white colleges and universities,
and need "extra, 'catch up' funds
to become truly equal in qual
ity."
The report emphasizes that na
tionally declining state contribu
tions generally lead to increased
tuition. Since the average pa
rental income of students attend

ing public Negro colleges Is only
about $3,300 a year, increased
tuitions at Negro colleges are "a
severe threat to educational op
portunity."
The NASULGC study also
shows that relatively small
amounts of federal funds have
gone to Negro institutions. "Re
cent work-study and scholarship
programs, as well as the federal
programs designed to help 'de
veloping' institutions, have bene
fitted some but not all of these
institutions," it says.
"Many are unable to take full
advantage of federal student aid
and construction programs be
cause they cannot raise their
required 'matching' share of the
funds for the programs. They
also lack funds to carry out
necessary planning studies on
which to base applications for
federal funds," the report con
tinues.
The report briefly comments
on the future of Negro colleges,
the subject of several controver
sial studies within recent years.
Despite the numerous criticisms
of Negro colleges, NASULGC re

jects the idea of phasing out or
closing these institutions. "The
Negro public college will doubt
less change. But it will not die.
It has a vital role to play in
extending educational opportu
nity."
The report adds, "The future
of these colleges lies beyond
serving only one race . . . near
ly all enroll white students and
have white faculty members ...
Like all other public colleges
and universities, Negro institu
tions are facing up to the chal
lenge of providing low-cost high
quality education to students of
all races."
However, NASULGC also says,
"Any reasonable estimate of the
speed of desegreation indicates
that most of these institutions
will continue to enroll large ma
jorities of Negro students for at
least the immediate future . . . .
Furthermore, Negro students,
like white students, look upon
their college experience as a so
cial as well as academic oppor
tunity.
This continues to make the

predominantly Negro institu
tions especially attractive to
them. Moreover, in these col
leges, students find opportunities
and experiences that could not be
duplicated elseyhere," they say.
In asking for private support,
the report says faculty improve
ment is one of the major priority
areas in raising the quality of
Negro colleges. To recruit fac
ulty, public Negro colleges "must
compete not only with other pub
lic and/or Negro four-year col
leges, but also with many high
er - paying major universities
which are eager to add Negroes
to their staffs. Furthermore, pub
lic Negro colleges lack endowed
chairs to use as an aid in attrac
ting and retaining outstanding
faculty members."
In addition, these colleges need
support for student financial aid
programs, remedial and guidance
activities, modernization of faci
lities and equipment, strengthen
ing of libraries, stimulation of
research, upgrading of profes
sional schools and programs, and
needed planning and evaluation
studies.
The nation's public Negro col
leges need significant increases
in financing before they can ex
pand their role as "opportunity
colleges," according to a report
issued by the National Associa
tion of State Universities and
Land - Grant Colleges (NASU
LGC).
The report, which says the 35
predominantly Negro public col
leges have reached a critical
point in their history, calls on
corporations and other private
sources of philanthropy to pro
vide a massive upsurge in their
support of these institutions.
"Despite their many contribu
tions to society, these insti
tutions are the 'forgotten col
leges' when it comes to private
support," the NASULGC report
says. Public Negro colleges get
less than one per cent of their
total income from private col
leges. "Because public institu
tions are not included in the

United Negro College Fund, they
are cut off from this major
source of corporate and founda
tion support," according to the
report.
Traditionally, public Negro In
stitutions have relied heavily on
state governments for operating
funds. The NASULGC report,
however, says"the share of pub
lic college and university income
from state sources is decreasing,
even though state dollars for
higher education are increasing."
This presents special problems
to Negro institutions, which for
years have received relatively
less money from states than
white colleges and universities,
and need "extra, 'catch up' funds
to become truly equal in qual
ity."
The report emphasizes that na
tionally declining state contribu
tions generally lead to increased
tuition. Since the average pa
rental income of students attend

ing public Negro colleges Is only
about $3,300 a year, increased
tuitions at Negro colleges are "a
severe threat to educational op
portunity."
The NASULGC study also
shows that relatively small
amounts of federal funds have
gone to Negro institutions. "Re
cent work-study and scholarship
programs, as well as the federal
programs designed to help 'de
veloping' institutions, have bene
fitted some but not all of these
institutions," it says.
"Many are unable to take full
advantage of federal student aid
and construction programs be
cause they cannot raise their
required 'matching' share of the
funds for the programs. They
also lack funds to carry out
necessary planning studies on
which to base applications for
federal funds," the report con
tinues.
The report briefly comments
on the future of Negro colleges,
the subject of several controver
sial studies within recent years.
Despite the numerous criticisms
of Negro colleges, NASULGC re

jects the idea of phasing out or
closing these institutions. "The
Negro public college will doubt
less change. But it will not die.
It has a vital role to play in
extending educational opportu
nity."
The report adds, "The future
of these colleges lies beyond
serving only one race . . . near
ly all enroll white students and
have white faculty members ...
Like all other public colleges
and universities, Negro institu
tions are facing up to the chal
lenge of providing low-cost high
quality education to students of
all races."
However, NASULGC also says,
"Any reasonable estimate of the
speed of desegreation indicates
that most of these institutions
will continue to enroll large ma
jorities of Negro students for at
least the immediate future . . . .
Furthermore, Negro students,
like white students, look upon
their college experience as a so
cial as well as academic oppor
tunity.
This continues to make the

predominantly Negro institu
tions especially attractive to
them. Moreover, in these col
leges, students find opportunities
and experiences that could not be
duplicated elseyhere," they say.
In asking for private support,
the report says faculty improve
ment is one of the major priority
areas in raising the quality of
Negro colleges. To recruit fac
ulty, public Negro colleges "must
compete not only with other pub
lic and/or Negro four-year col
leges, but also with many high
er - paying major universities
which are eager to add Negroes
to their staffs. Furthermore, pub
lic Negro colleges lack endowed
chairs to use as an aid in attrac
ting and retaining outstanding
faculty members."
In addition, these colleges need
support for student financial aid
programs, remedial and guidance
activities, modernization of faci
lities and equipment, strengthen
ing of libraries, stimulation of
research, upgrading of profes
sional schools and programs, and
needed planning and evaluation
studies.
The nation's public Negro col
leges need significant increases
in financing before they can ex
pand their role as "opportunity
colleges," according to a report
issued by the National Associa
tion of State Universities and
Land - Grant Colleges (NASU
LGC).
The report, which says the 35
predominantly Negro public col
leges have reached a critical
point in their history, calls on
corporations and other private
sources of philanthropy to pro
vide a massive upsurge in their
support of these institutions.
"Despite their many contribu
tions to society, these insti
tutions are the 'forgotten col
leges' when it comes to private
support," the NASULGC report
says. Public Negro colleges get
less than one per cent of their
total income from private col
leges. "Because public institu
tions are not included in the

United Negro College Fund, they
are cut off from this major
source of corporate and founda
tion support," according to the
report.
Traditionally, public Negro In
stitutions have relied heavily on
state governments for operating
funds. The NASULGC report,
however, says"the share of pub
lic college and university income
from state sources is decreasing,
even though state dollars for
higher education are increasing."
This presents special problems
to Negro institutions, which for
years have received relatively
less money from states than
white colleges and universities,
and need "extra, 'catch up' funds
to become truly equal in qual
ity."
The report emphasizes that na
tionally declining state contribu
tions generally lead to increased
tuition. Since the average pa
rental income of students attend

ing public Negro colleges Is only
about $3,300 a year, increased
tuitions at Negro colleges are "a
severe threat to educational op
portunity."
The NASULGC study also
shows that relatively small
amounts of federal funds have
gone to Negro institutions. "Re
cent work-study and scholarship
programs, as well as the federal
programs designed to help 'de
veloping' institutions, have bene
fitted some but not all of these
institutions," it says.
"Many are unable to take full
advantage of federal student aid
and construction programs be
cause they cannot raise their
required 'matching' share of the
funds for the programs. They
also lack funds to carry out
necessary planning studies on
which to base applications for
federal funds," the report con
tinues.
The report briefly comments
on the future of Negro colleges,
the subject of several controver
sial studies within recent years.
Despite the numerous criticisms
of Negro colleges, NASULGC re

jects the idea of phasing out or
closing these institutions. "The
Negro public college will doubt
less change. But it will not die.
It has a vital role to play in
extending educational opportu
nity."
The report adds, "The future
of these colleges lies beyond
serving only one race . . . near
ly all enroll white students and
have white faculty members ...
Like all other public colleges
and universities, Negro institu
tions are facing up to the chal
lenge of providing low-cost high
quality education to students of
all races."
However, NASULGC also says,
"Any reasonable estimate of the
speed of desegreation indicates
that most of these institutions
will continue to enroll large ma
jorities of Negro students for at
least the immediate future . . . .
Furthermore, Negro students,
like white students, look upon
their college experience as a so
cial as well as academic oppor
tunity.
This continues to make the

predominantly Negro institu
tions especially attractive to
them. Moreover, in these col
leges, students find opportunities
and experiences that could not be
duplicated elseyhere," they say.
In asking for private support,
the report says faculty improve
ment is one of the major priority
areas in raising the quality of
Negro colleges. To recruit fac
ulty, public Negro colleges "must
compete not only with other pub
lic and/or Negro four-year col
leges, but also with many high
er - paying major universities
which are eager to add Negroes
to their staffs. Furthermore, pub
lic Negro colleges lack endowed
chairs to use as an aid in attrac
ting and retaining outstanding
faculty members."
In addition, these colleges need
support for student financial aid
programs, remedial and guidance
activities, modernization of faci
lities and equipment, strengthen
ing of libraries, stimulation of
research, upgrading of profes
sional schools and programs, and
needed planning and evaluation
studies.
The nation's public Negro col
leges need significant increases
in financing before they can ex
pand their role as "opportunity
colleges," according to a report
issued by the National Associa
tion of State Universities and
Land - Grant Colleges (NASU
LGC).
The report, which says the 35
predominantly Negro public col
leges have reached a critical
point in their history, calls on
corporations and other private
sources of philanthropy to pro
vide a massive upsurge in their
support of these institutions.
"Despite their many contribu
tions to society, these insti
tutions are the 'forgotten col
leges' when it comes to private
support," the NASULGC report
says. Public Negro colleges get
less than one per cent of their
total income from private col
leges. "Because public institu
tions are not included in the

United Negro College Fund, they
are cut off from this major
source of corporate and founda
tion support," according to the
report.
Traditionally, public Negro In
stitutions have relied heavily on
state governments for operating
funds. The NASULGC report,
however, says"the share of pub
lic college and university income
from state sources is decreasing,
even though state dollars for
higher education are increasing."
This presents special problems
to Negro institutions, which for
years have received relatively
less money from states than
white colleges and universities,
and need "extra, 'catch up' funds
to become truly equal in qual
ity."
The report emphasizes that na
tionally declining state contribu
tions generally lead to increased
tuition. Since the average pa
rental income of students attend

ing public Negro colleges Is only
about $3,300 a year, increased
tuitions at Negro colleges are "a
severe threat to educational op
portunity."
The NASULGC study also
shows that relatively small
amounts of federal funds have
gone to Negro institutions. "Re
cent work-study and scholarship
programs, as well as the federal
programs designed to help 'de
veloping' institutions, have bene
fitted some but not all of these
institutions," it says.
"Many are unable to take full
advantage of federal student aid
and construction programs be
cause they cannot raise their
required 'matching' share of the
funds for the programs. They
also lack funds to carry out
necessary planning studies on
which to base applications for
federal funds," the report con
tinues.
The report briefly comments
on the future of Negro colleges,
the subject of several controver
sial studies within recent years.
Despite the numerous criticisms
of Negro colleges, NASULGC re

jects the idea of phasing out or
closing these institutions. "The
Negro public college will doubt
less change. But it will not die.
It has a vital role to play in
extending educational opportu
nity."
The report adds, "The future
of these colleges lies beyond
serving only one race . . . near
ly all enroll white students and
have white faculty members ...
Like all other public colleges
and universities, Negro institu
tions are facing up to the chal
lenge of providing low-cost high
quality education to students of
all races."
However, NASULGC also says,
"Any reasonable estimate of the
speed of desegreation indicates
that most of these institutions
will continue to enroll large ma
jorities of Negro students for at
least the immediate future . . . .
Furthermore, Negro students,
like white students, look upon
their college experience as a so
cial as well as academic oppor
tunity.
This continues to make the

predominantly Negro institu
tions especially attractive to
them. Moreover, in these col
leges, students find opportunities
and experiences that could not be
duplicated elseyhere," they say.
In asking for private support,
the report says faculty improve
ment is one of the major priority
areas in raising the quality of
Negro colleges. To recruit fac
ulty, public Negro colleges "must
compete not only with other pub
lic and/or Negro four-year col
leges, but also with many high
er - paying major universities
which are eager to add Negroes
to their staffs. Furthermore, pub
lic Negro colleges lack endowed
chairs to use as an aid in attrac
ting and retaining outstanding
faculty members."
In addition, these colleges need
support for student financial aid
programs, remedial and guidance
activities, modernization of faci
lities and equipment, strengthen
ing of libraries, stimulation of
research, upgrading of profes
sional schools and programs, and
needed planning and evaluation
studies.
The nation's public Negro col
leges need significant increases
in financing before they can ex
pand their role as "opportunity
colleges," according to a report
issued by the National Associa
tion of State Universities and
Land - Grant Colleges (NASU
LGC).
The report, which says the 35
predominantly Negro public col
leges have reached a critical
point in their history, calls on
corporations and other private
sources of philanthropy to pro
vide a massive upsurge in their
support of these institutions.
"Despite their many contribu
tions to society, these insti
tutions are the 'forgotten col
leges' when it comes to private
support," the NASULGC report
says. Public Negro colleges get
less than one per cent of their
total income from private col
leges. "Because public institu
tions are not included in the

United Negro College Fund, they
are cut off from this major
source of corporate and founda
tion support," according to the
report.
Traditionally, public Negro In
stitutions have relied heavily on
state governments for operating
funds. The NASULGC report,
however, says"the share of pub
lic college and university income
from state sources is decreasing,
even though state dollars for
higher education are increasing."
This presents special problems
to Negro institutions, which for
years have received relatively
less money from states than
white colleges and universities,
and need "extra, 'catch up' funds
to become truly equal in qual
ity."
The report emphasizes that na
tionally declining state contribu
tions generally lead to increased
tuition. Since the average pa
rental income of students attend

ing public Negro colleges Is only
about $3,300 a year, increased
tuitions at Negro colleges are "a
severe threat to educational op
portunity."
The NASULGC study also
shows that relatively small
amounts of federal funds have
gone to Negro institutions. "Re
cent work-study and scholarship
programs, as well as the federal
programs designed to help 'de
veloping' institutions, have bene
fitted some but not all of these
institutions," it says.
"Many are unable to take full
advantage of federal student aid
and construction programs be
cause they cannot raise their
required 'matching' share of the
funds for the programs. They
also lack funds to carry out
necessary planning studies on
which to base applications for
federal funds," the report con
tinues.
The report briefly comments
on the future of Negro colleges,
the subject of several controver
sial studies within recent years.
Despite the numerous criticisms
of Negro colleges, NASULGC re

jects the idea of phasing out or
closing these institutions. "The
Negro public college will doubt
less change. But it will not die.
It has a vital role to play in
extending educational opportu
nity."
The report adds, "The future
of these colleges lies beyond
serving only one race . . . near
ly all enroll white students and
have white faculty members ...
Like all other public colleges
and universities, Negro institu
tions are facing up to the chal
lenge of providing low-cost high
quality education to students of
all races."
However, NASULGC also says,
"Any reasonable estimate of the
speed of desegreation indicates
that most of these institutions
will continue to enroll large ma
jorities of Negro students for at
least the immediate future . . . .
Furthermore, Negro students,
like white students, look upon
their college experience as a so
cial as well as academic oppor
tunity.
This continues to make the

predominantly Negro institu
tions especially attractive to
them. Moreover, in these col
leges, students find opportunities
and experiences that could not be
duplicated elseyhere," they say.
In asking for private support,
the report says faculty improve
ment is one of the major priority
areas in raising the quality of
Negro colleges. To recruit fac
ulty, public Negro colleges "must
compete not only with other pub
lic and/or Negro four-year col
leges, but also with many high
er - paying major universities
which are eager to add Negroes
to their staffs. Furthermore, pub
lic Negro colleges lack endowed
chairs to use as an aid in attrac
ting and retaining outstanding
faculty members."
In addition, these colleges need
support for student financial aid
programs, remedial and guidance
activities, modernization of faci
lities and equipment, strengthen
ing of libraries, stimulation of
research, upgrading of profes
sional schools and programs, and
needed planning and evaluation
studies.
