# Cardinals Sponsor Campus Barbecue
## 
### 
Stanford's barbeeuc will be the
scenc of an all-campus dinner Sat
urday when students will rub el
bows with delegates from the UN
CIO. The Tresidder hike has been
postponed but the Cardinals' bar
becue for the whole campus starting
at 5:30 will be held. White-sweat
cred Cardinals will serve hot dogs
and potato salad.
Student entertainment will follow
the feasting and the Army band may
accompany the students in a half
hour of informal singing.
Stanford's barbeeuc will be the
scenc of an all-campus dinner Sat
urday when students will rub el
bows with delegates from the UN
CIO. The Tresidder hike has been
postponed but the Cardinals' bar
becue for the whole campus starting
at 5:30 will be held. White-sweat
cred Cardinals will serve hot dogs
and potato salad.
Student entertainment will follow
the feasting and the Army band may
accompany the students in a half
hour of informal singing.
Stanford's barbeeuc will be the
scenc of an all-campus dinner Sat
urday when students will rub el
bows with delegates from the UN
CIO. The Tresidder hike has been
postponed but the Cardinals' bar
becue for the whole campus starting
at 5:30 will be held. White-sweat
cred Cardinals will serve hot dogs
and potato salad.
Student entertainment will follow
the feasting and the Army band may
accompany the students in a half
hour of informal singing.
Stanford's barbeeuc will be the
scenc of an all-campus dinner Sat
urday when students will rub el
bows with delegates from the UN
CIO. The Tresidder hike has been
postponed but the Cardinals' bar
becue for the whole campus starting
at 5:30 will be held. White-sweat
cred Cardinals will serve hot dogs
and potato salad.
Student entertainment will follow
the feasting and the Army band may
accompany the students in a half
hour of informal singing.
Stanford's barbeeuc will be the
scenc of an all-campus dinner Sat
urday when students will rub el
bows with delegates from the UN
CIO. The Tresidder hike has been
postponed but the Cardinals' bar
becue for the whole campus starting
at 5:30 will be held. White-sweat
cred Cardinals will serve hot dogs
and potato salad.
Student entertainment will follow
the feasting and the Army band may
accompany the students in a half
hour of informal singing.
Stanford's barbeeuc will be the
scenc of an all-campus dinner Sat
urday when students will rub el
bows with delegates from the UN
CIO. The Tresidder hike has been
postponed but the Cardinals' bar
becue for the whole campus starting
at 5:30 will be held. White-sweat
cred Cardinals will serve hot dogs
and potato salad.
Student entertainment will follow
the feasting and the Army band may
accompany the students in a half
hour of informal singing.
Stanford's barbeeuc will be the
scenc of an all-campus dinner Sat
urday when students will rub el
bows with delegates from the UN
CIO. The Tresidder hike has been
postponed but the Cardinals' bar
becue for the whole campus starting
at 5:30 will be held. White-sweat
cred Cardinals will serve hot dogs
and potato salad.
Student entertainment will follow
the feasting and the Army band may
accompany the students in a half
hour of informal singing.
Stanford's barbeeuc will be the
scenc of an all-campus dinner Sat
urday when students will rub el
bows with delegates from the UN
CIO. The Tresidder hike has been
postponed but the Cardinals' bar
becue for the whole campus starting
at 5:30 will be held. White-sweat
cred Cardinals will serve hot dogs
and potato salad.
Student entertainment will follow
the feasting and the Army band may
accompany the students in a half
hour of informal singing.
Stanford's barbeeuc will be the
scenc of an all-campus dinner Sat
urday when students will rub el
bows with delegates from the UN
CIO. The Tresidder hike has been
postponed but the Cardinals' bar
becue for the whole campus starting
at 5:30 will be held. White-sweat
cred Cardinals will serve hot dogs
and potato salad.
Student entertainment will follow
the feasting and the Army band may
accompany the students in a half
hour of informal singing.
Stanford's barbeeuc will be the
scenc of an all-campus dinner Sat
urday when students will rub el
bows with delegates from the UN
CIO. The Tresidder hike has been
postponed but the Cardinals' bar
becue for the whole campus starting
at 5:30 will be held. White-sweat
cred Cardinals will serve hot dogs
and potato salad.
Student entertainment will follow
the feasting and the Army band may
accompany the students in a half
hour of informal singing.
Stanford's barbeeuc will be the
scenc of an all-campus dinner Sat
urday when students will rub el
bows with delegates from the UN
CIO. The Tresidder hike has been
postponed but the Cardinals' bar
becue for the whole campus starting
at 5:30 will be held. White-sweat
cred Cardinals will serve hot dogs
and potato salad.
Student entertainment will follow
the feasting and the Army band may
accompany the students in a half
hour of informal singing.
Stanford's barbeeuc will be the
scenc of an all-campus dinner Sat
urday when students will rub el
bows with delegates from the UN
CIO. The Tresidder hike has been
postponed but the Cardinals' bar
becue for the whole campus starting
at 5:30 will be held. White-sweat
cred Cardinals will serve hot dogs
and potato salad.
Student entertainment will follow
the feasting and the Army band may
accompany the students in a half
hour of informal singing.
Stanford's barbeeuc will be the
scenc of an all-campus dinner Sat
urday when students will rub el
bows with delegates from the UN
CIO. The Tresidder hike has been
postponed but the Cardinals' bar
becue for the whole campus starting
at 5:30 will be held. White-sweat
cred Cardinals will serve hot dogs
and potato salad.
Student entertainment will follow
the feasting and the Army band may
accompany the students in a half
hour of informal singing.
Stanford's barbeeuc will be the
scenc of an all-campus dinner Sat
urday when students will rub el
bows with delegates from the UN
CIO. The Tresidder hike has been
postponed but the Cardinals' bar
becue for the whole campus starting
at 5:30 will be held. White-sweat
cred Cardinals will serve hot dogs
and potato salad.
Student entertainment will follow
the feasting and the Army band may
accompany the students in a half
hour of informal singing.
Stanford's barbeeuc will be the
scenc of an all-campus dinner Sat
urday when students will rub el
bows with delegates from the UN
CIO. The Tresidder hike has been
postponed but the Cardinals' bar
becue for the whole campus starting
at 5:30 will be held. White-sweat
cred Cardinals will serve hot dogs
and potato salad.
Student entertainment will follow
the feasting and the Army band may
accompany the students in a half
hour of informal singing.
