# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Stanford lost the initial contest in
the Soccer League to the San Fran
cisco club by the of 5 to 3, Saturday.
Stanford lost the initial contest in
the Soccer League to the San Fran
cisco club by the of 5 to 3, Saturday.
Stanford lost the initial contest in
the Soccer League to the San Fran
cisco club by the of 5 to 3, Saturday.
Stanford lost the initial contest in
the Soccer League to the San Fran
cisco club by the of 5 to 3, Saturday.
Stanford lost the initial contest in
the Soccer League to the San Fran
cisco club by the of 5 to 3, Saturday.
Stanford lost the initial contest in
the Soccer League to the San Fran
cisco club by the of 5 to 3, Saturday.
Stanford lost the initial contest in
the Soccer League to the San Fran
cisco club by the of 5 to 3, Saturday.
Stanford lost the initial contest in
the Soccer League to the San Fran
cisco club by the of 5 to 3, Saturday.
Stanford lost the initial contest in
the Soccer League to the San Fran
cisco club by the of 5 to 3, Saturday.
Stanford lost the initial contest in
the Soccer League to the San Fran
cisco club by the of 5 to 3, Saturday.
Stanford lost the initial contest in
the Soccer League to the San Fran
cisco club by the of 5 to 3, Saturday.
Stanford lost the initial contest in
the Soccer League to the San Fran
cisco club by the of 5 to 3, Saturday.
Stanford lost the initial contest in
the Soccer League to the San Fran
cisco club by the of 5 to 3, Saturday.
