# Adv. 1 Page 2
## 
### 
Everything in the Drug Line at
reasonable prices. Eagle Drug Co.,
135 Univercsity Ave. (yellow front).
Everyone should see the Stanford
calendars at once at Willard's Art
Store.
Everything in the Drug Line at
reasonable prices. Eagle Drug Co.,
135 Univercsity Ave. (yellow front).
Everyone should see the Stanford
calendars at once at Willard's Art
Store.
Everything in the Drug Line at
reasonable prices. Eagle Drug Co.,
135 Univercsity Ave. (yellow front).
Everyone should see the Stanford
calendars at once at Willard's Art
Store.
Everything in the Drug Line at
reasonable prices. Eagle Drug Co.,
135 Univercsity Ave. (yellow front).
Everyone should see the Stanford
calendars at once at Willard's Art
Store.
Everything in the Drug Line at
reasonable prices. Eagle Drug Co.,
135 Univercsity Ave. (yellow front).
Everyone should see the Stanford
calendars at once at Willard's Art
Store.
Everything in the Drug Line at
reasonable prices. Eagle Drug Co.,
135 Univercsity Ave. (yellow front).
Everyone should see the Stanford
calendars at once at Willard's Art
Store.
Everything in the Drug Line at
reasonable prices. Eagle Drug Co.,
135 Univercsity Ave. (yellow front).
Everyone should see the Stanford
calendars at once at Willard's Art
Store.
Everything in the Drug Line at
reasonable prices. Eagle Drug Co.,
135 Univercsity Ave. (yellow front).
Everyone should see the Stanford
calendars at once at Willard's Art
Store.
Everything in the Drug Line at
reasonable prices. Eagle Drug Co.,
135 Univercsity Ave. (yellow front).
Everyone should see the Stanford
calendars at once at Willard's Art
Store.
Everything in the Drug Line at
reasonable prices. Eagle Drug Co.,
135 Univercsity Ave. (yellow front).
Everyone should see the Stanford
calendars at once at Willard's Art
Store.
