# Will Organize International Club.
## 
### 
There will be a meeting tomorrow
night at s o'clock in the Chapel for
the purpose of organizing a Stan
ford chapter of the international
Club. At this meeting permanent
organization will be effected and
plans made for affiliating with the
parent society of the University of
Wisconsin. All who are interested
in the movement as outlined in the
article by Dr. Jordan which was pub
lished in the Daily Palo Alto a few
days ago, are invited to be present.
There will be a meeting tomorrow
night at s o'clock in the Chapel for
the purpose of organizing a Stan
ford chapter of the international
Club. At this meeting permanent
organization will be effected and
plans made for affiliating with the
parent society of the University of
Wisconsin. All who are interested
in the movement as outlined in the
article by Dr. Jordan which was pub
lished in the Daily Palo Alto a few
days ago, are invited to be present.
There will be a meeting tomorrow
night at s o'clock in the Chapel for
the purpose of organizing a Stan
ford chapter of the international
Club. At this meeting permanent
organization will be effected and
plans made for affiliating with the
parent society of the University of
Wisconsin. All who are interested
in the movement as outlined in the
article by Dr. Jordan which was pub
lished in the Daily Palo Alto a few
days ago, are invited to be present.
There will be a meeting tomorrow
night at s o'clock in the Chapel for
the purpose of organizing a Stan
ford chapter of the international
Club. At this meeting permanent
organization will be effected and
plans made for affiliating with the
parent society of the University of
Wisconsin. All who are interested
in the movement as outlined in the
article by Dr. Jordan which was pub
lished in the Daily Palo Alto a few
days ago, are invited to be present.
There will be a meeting tomorrow
night at s o'clock in the Chapel for
the purpose of organizing a Stan
ford chapter of the international
Club. At this meeting permanent
organization will be effected and
plans made for affiliating with the
parent society of the University of
Wisconsin. All who are interested
in the movement as outlined in the
article by Dr. Jordan which was pub
lished in the Daily Palo Alto a few
days ago, are invited to be present.
There will be a meeting tomorrow
night at s o'clock in the Chapel for
the purpose of organizing a Stan
ford chapter of the international
Club. At this meeting permanent
organization will be effected and
plans made for affiliating with the
parent society of the University of
Wisconsin. All who are interested
in the movement as outlined in the
article by Dr. Jordan which was pub
lished in the Daily Palo Alto a few
days ago, are invited to be present.
There will be a meeting tomorrow
night at s o'clock in the Chapel for
the purpose of organizing a Stan
ford chapter of the international
Club. At this meeting permanent
organization will be effected and
plans made for affiliating with the
parent society of the University of
Wisconsin. All who are interested
in the movement as outlined in the
article by Dr. Jordan which was pub
lished in the Daily Palo Alto a few
days ago, are invited to be present.
There will be a meeting tomorrow
night at s o'clock in the Chapel for
the purpose of organizing a Stan
ford chapter of the international
Club. At this meeting permanent
organization will be effected and
plans made for affiliating with the
parent society of the University of
Wisconsin. All who are interested
in the movement as outlined in the
article by Dr. Jordan which was pub
lished in the Daily Palo Alto a few
days ago, are invited to be present.
There will be a meeting tomorrow
night at s o'clock in the Chapel for
the purpose of organizing a Stan
ford chapter of the international
Club. At this meeting permanent
organization will be effected and
plans made for affiliating with the
parent society of the University of
Wisconsin. All who are interested
in the movement as outlined in the
article by Dr. Jordan which was pub
lished in the Daily Palo Alto a few
days ago, are invited to be present.
There will be a meeting tomorrow
night at s o'clock in the Chapel for
the purpose of organizing a Stan
ford chapter of the international
Club. At this meeting permanent
organization will be effected and
plans made for affiliating with the
parent society of the University of
Wisconsin. All who are interested
in the movement as outlined in the
article by Dr. Jordan which was pub
lished in the Daily Palo Alto a few
days ago, are invited to be present.
