# QUADS.
## 
### 
B. Read, 'OS, was elected to mem
bership in the Civil Engineering So
ciety at a meeting held last night.
The Rhodes scholarship examina
tions were finished today. The only
two candidates for the scholarship
were E. J. Cnmmings, gr,, and E. R.
Purdum.
The lecture given by Professor
Guerard, ot' the French department,
upon "The Dreyfus Case," is sche
duled for one week from Thursday,
instead of this week as previously
announced. The lectures will be giv
en every other week throughout (he
semester.
B. Read, 'OS, was elected to mem
bership in the Civil Engineering So
ciety at a meeting held last night.
The Rhodes scholarship examina
tions were finished today. The only
two candidates for the scholarship
were E. J. Cnmmings, gr,, and E. R.
Purdum.
The lecture given by Professor
Guerard, ot' the French department,
upon "The Dreyfus Case," is sche
duled for one week from Thursday,
instead of this week as previously
announced. The lectures will be giv
en every other week throughout (he
semester.
B. Read, 'OS, was elected to mem
bership in the Civil Engineering So
ciety at a meeting held last night.
The Rhodes scholarship examina
tions were finished today. The only
two candidates for the scholarship
were E. J. Cnmmings, gr,, and E. R.
Purdum.
The lecture given by Professor
Guerard, ot' the French department,
upon "The Dreyfus Case," is sche
duled for one week from Thursday,
instead of this week as previously
announced. The lectures will be giv
en every other week throughout (he
semester.
B. Read, 'OS, was elected to mem
bership in the Civil Engineering So
ciety at a meeting held last night.
The Rhodes scholarship examina
tions were finished today. The only
two candidates for the scholarship
were E. J. Cnmmings, gr,, and E. R.
Purdum.
The lecture given by Professor
Guerard, ot' the French department,
upon "The Dreyfus Case," is sche
duled for one week from Thursday,
instead of this week as previously
announced. The lectures will be giv
en every other week throughout (he
semester.
B. Read, 'OS, was elected to mem
bership in the Civil Engineering So
ciety at a meeting held last night.
The Rhodes scholarship examina
tions were finished today. The only
two candidates for the scholarship
were E. J. Cnmmings, gr,, and E. R.
Purdum.
The lecture given by Professor
Guerard, ot' the French department,
upon "The Dreyfus Case," is sche
duled for one week from Thursday,
instead of this week as previously
announced. The lectures will be giv
en every other week throughout (he
semester.
B. Read, 'OS, was elected to mem
bership in the Civil Engineering So
ciety at a meeting held last night.
The Rhodes scholarship examina
tions were finished today. The only
two candidates for the scholarship
were E. J. Cnmmings, gr,, and E. R.
Purdum.
The lecture given by Professor
Guerard, ot' the French department,
upon "The Dreyfus Case," is sche
duled for one week from Thursday,
instead of this week as previously
announced. The lectures will be giv
en every other week throughout (he
semester.
B. Read, 'OS, was elected to mem
bership in the Civil Engineering So
ciety at a meeting held last night.
The Rhodes scholarship examina
tions were finished today. The only
two candidates for the scholarship
were E. J. Cnmmings, gr,, and E. R.
Purdum.
The lecture given by Professor
Guerard, ot' the French department,
upon "The Dreyfus Case," is sche
duled for one week from Thursday,
instead of this week as previously
announced. The lectures will be giv
en every other week throughout (he
semester.
B. Read, 'OS, was elected to mem
bership in the Civil Engineering So
ciety at a meeting held last night.
The Rhodes scholarship examina
tions were finished today. The only
two candidates for the scholarship
were E. J. Cnmmings, gr,, and E. R.
Purdum.
The lecture given by Professor
Guerard, ot' the French department,
upon "The Dreyfus Case," is sche
duled for one week from Thursday,
instead of this week as previously
announced. The lectures will be giv
en every other week throughout (he
semester.
B. Read, 'OS, was elected to mem
bership in the Civil Engineering So
ciety at a meeting held last night.
The Rhodes scholarship examina
tions were finished today. The only
two candidates for the scholarship
were E. J. Cnmmings, gr,, and E. R.
Purdum.
The lecture given by Professor
Guerard, ot' the French department,
upon "The Dreyfus Case," is sche
duled for one week from Thursday,
instead of this week as previously
announced. The lectures will be giv
en every other week throughout (he
semester.
B. Read, 'OS, was elected to mem
bership in the Civil Engineering So
ciety at a meeting held last night.
The Rhodes scholarship examina
tions were finished today. The only
two candidates for the scholarship
were E. J. Cnmmings, gr,, and E. R.
Purdum.
The lecture given by Professor
Guerard, ot' the French department,
upon "The Dreyfus Case," is sche
duled for one week from Thursday,
instead of this week as previously
announced. The lectures will be giv
en every other week throughout (he
semester.
