# WANTS LICENSES REVOKED.
## Dr. Jordan Appeals To San Mateo Supervisors To Close Saloons. 
### 
11l an attempt to abate what lie
terms "the greatest, single influence
for evil about Stanford University,"
President Jordan has appealed bv
letter to the Board of Supervisoi s
of San Maleo County to refuse to
renew the liquor licenses of Charles
A : eyer, of Me' lo Park, and of Wal
ler .lellirli, v.-iio foii'l,!iU; (lie "Wun
der" road house on the litis Tran
ces road to the west of the Univer
sity.
The letter was considered by the
supervisors at the meeting held last
Monday and the interested parties
were notified to appear before the
hoard for a discussion of llie ques
tion.
The President considers the exist
ence of the saloons in question to be
i serious menace to the welfare of
present, and future generations of
Stanford men and it is his desire,
it' possible, to have them closed.
11l an attempt to abate what lie
terms "the greatest, single influence
for evil about Stanford University,"
President Jordan has appealed bv
letter to the Board of Supervisoi s
of San Maleo County to refuse to
renew the liquor licenses of Charles
A : eyer, of Me' lo Park, and of Wal
ler .lellirli, v.-iio foii'l,!iU; (lie "Wun
der" road house on the litis Tran
ces road to the west of the Univer
sity.
The letter was considered by the
supervisors at the meeting held last
Monday and the interested parties
were notified to appear before the
hoard for a discussion of llie ques
tion.
The President considers the exist
ence of the saloons in question to be
i serious menace to the welfare of
present, and future generations of
Stanford men and it is his desire,
it' possible, to have them closed.
11l an attempt to abate what lie
terms "the greatest, single influence
for evil about Stanford University,"
President Jordan has appealed bv
letter to the Board of Supervisoi s
of San Maleo County to refuse to
renew the liquor licenses of Charles
A : eyer, of Me' lo Park, and of Wal
ler .lellirli, v.-iio foii'l,!iU; (lie "Wun
der" road house on the litis Tran
ces road to the west of the Univer
sity.
The letter was considered by the
supervisors at the meeting held last
Monday and the interested parties
were notified to appear before the
hoard for a discussion of llie ques
tion.
The President considers the exist
ence of the saloons in question to be
i serious menace to the welfare of
present, and future generations of
Stanford men and it is his desire,
it' possible, to have them closed.
11l an attempt to abate what lie
terms "the greatest, single influence
for evil about Stanford University,"
President Jordan has appealed bv
letter to the Board of Supervisoi s
of San Maleo County to refuse to
renew the liquor licenses of Charles
A : eyer, of Me' lo Park, and of Wal
ler .lellirli, v.-iio foii'l,!iU; (lie "Wun
der" road house on the litis Tran
ces road to the west of the Univer
sity.
The letter was considered by the
supervisors at the meeting held last
Monday and the interested parties
were notified to appear before the
hoard for a discussion of llie ques
tion.
The President considers the exist
ence of the saloons in question to be
i serious menace to the welfare of
present, and future generations of
Stanford men and it is his desire,
it' possible, to have them closed.
11l an attempt to abate what lie
terms "the greatest, single influence
for evil about Stanford University,"
President Jordan has appealed bv
letter to the Board of Supervisoi s
of San Maleo County to refuse to
renew the liquor licenses of Charles
A : eyer, of Me' lo Park, and of Wal
ler .lellirli, v.-iio foii'l,!iU; (lie "Wun
der" road house on the litis Tran
ces road to the west of the Univer
sity.
The letter was considered by the
supervisors at the meeting held last
Monday and the interested parties
were notified to appear before the
hoard for a discussion of llie ques
tion.
The President considers the exist
ence of the saloons in question to be
i serious menace to the welfare of
present, and future generations of
Stanford men and it is his desire,
it' possible, to have them closed.
11l an attempt to abate what lie
terms "the greatest, single influence
for evil about Stanford University,"
President Jordan has appealed bv
letter to the Board of Supervisoi s
of San Maleo County to refuse to
renew the liquor licenses of Charles
A : eyer, of Me' lo Park, and of Wal
ler .lellirli, v.-iio foii'l,!iU; (lie "Wun
der" road house on the litis Tran
ces road to the west of the Univer
sity.
The letter was considered by the
supervisors at the meeting held last
Monday and the interested parties
were notified to appear before the
hoard for a discussion of llie ques
tion.
The President considers the exist
ence of the saloons in question to be
i serious menace to the welfare of
present, and future generations of
Stanford men and it is his desire,
it' possible, to have them closed.
11l an attempt to abate what lie
terms "the greatest, single influence
for evil about Stanford University,"
President Jordan has appealed bv
letter to the Board of Supervisoi s
of San Maleo County to refuse to
renew the liquor licenses of Charles
A : eyer, of Me' lo Park, and of Wal
ler .lellirli, v.-iio foii'l,!iU; (lie "Wun
der" road house on the litis Tran
ces road to the west of the Univer
sity.
The letter was considered by the
supervisors at the meeting held last
Monday and the interested parties
were notified to appear before the
hoard for a discussion of llie ques
tion.
The President considers the exist
ence of the saloons in question to be
i serious menace to the welfare of
present, and future generations of
Stanford men and it is his desire,
it' possible, to have them closed.
11l an attempt to abate what lie
terms "the greatest, single influence
for evil about Stanford University,"
President Jordan has appealed bv
letter to the Board of Supervisoi s
of San Maleo County to refuse to
renew the liquor licenses of Charles
A : eyer, of Me' lo Park, and of Wal
ler .lellirli, v.-iio foii'l,!iU; (lie "Wun
der" road house on the litis Tran
ces road to the west of the Univer
sity.
The letter was considered by the
supervisors at the meeting held last
Monday and the interested parties
were notified to appear before the
hoard for a discussion of llie ques
tion.
The President considers the exist
ence of the saloons in question to be
i serious menace to the welfare of
present, and future generations of
Stanford men and it is his desire,
it' possible, to have them closed.
11l an attempt to abate what lie
terms "the greatest, single influence
for evil about Stanford University,"
President Jordan has appealed bv
letter to the Board of Supervisoi s
of San Maleo County to refuse to
renew the liquor licenses of Charles
A : eyer, of Me' lo Park, and of Wal
ler .lellirli, v.-iio foii'l,!iU; (lie "Wun
der" road house on the litis Tran
ces road to the west of the Univer
sity.
The letter was considered by the
supervisors at the meeting held last
Monday and the interested parties
were notified to appear before the
hoard for a discussion of llie ques
tion.
The President considers the exist
ence of the saloons in question to be
i serious menace to the welfare of
present, and future generations of
Stanford men and it is his desire,
it' possible, to have them closed.
11l an attempt to abate what lie
terms "the greatest, single influence
for evil about Stanford University,"
President Jordan has appealed bv
letter to the Board of Supervisoi s
of San Maleo County to refuse to
renew the liquor licenses of Charles
A : eyer, of Me' lo Park, and of Wal
ler .lellirli, v.-iio foii'l,!iU; (lie "Wun
der" road house on the litis Tran
ces road to the west of the Univer
sity.
The letter was considered by the
supervisors at the meeting held last
Monday and the interested parties
were notified to appear before the
hoard for a discussion of llie ques
tion.
The President considers the exist
ence of the saloons in question to be
i serious menace to the welfare of
present, and future generations of
Stanford men and it is his desire,
it' possible, to have them closed.
