# NOMINATIONS MADE TODAY FOR TWO STUDENT OFFICES
## 
### 
Nominations for the editor of The
Daily Palo Alto, and 1915 representa
tive to the Executive Committee were
held in the Chapel this afternoon.
Though the position of 1916 represent
ative is vacant, no nominations for
that office were made. Further nomi
nations will be in order through The
Daily Palo Alto as late as Tuesday
afternoon. The elections will be held
Wednesday. All members of the stu
dent Body who have paid their dues
will be allowed to vote.
The nominees for editor of The
Daily Palo Alto in order of their
naming were A. M. Standisli, '14, and
O. H. Castle, '14.
Standish is registered in the Econ
omics department from Oakland. He
has been on The Daily Palo Alto staff
three years, and is a member of the
University Conference. St.andish is
also a member of Hammer and Cof

lin society, Press Club, Skull and
Snakes and served on 1914 "Quad"
board. He belongs to Beta Theta Pi
fraternity.
Castle is a law major, registering
from Pasadena, and lias served three
years and a half on The Daily Palo
Alto. He is also a member of the
University Conference, and is re
tiring president of Nestoria literary
society. Castle was on the 1914
"Quad' 'board, lie is secretary of the
Pacific Coast Debating League. His
fraternity is Delta Chi.
The only nominee for 1915 repre
sentative to the Executive Committee
was E. M. Bonnett who is a mechanical
engineering student from Riverside.
Bonnett is a veteran half mile man on
the track team, having won his "S"
the last two years. He belongs to
Skull and Snakes society and Encina
Club.
Nominations for the editor of The
Daily Palo Alto, and 1915 representa
tive to the Executive Committee were
held in the Chapel this afternoon.
Though the position of 1916 represent
ative is vacant, no nominations for
that office were made. Further nomi
nations will be in order through The
Daily Palo Alto as late as Tuesday
afternoon. The elections will be held
Wednesday. All members of the stu
dent Body who have paid their dues
will be allowed to vote.
The nominees for editor of The
Daily Palo Alto in order of their
naming were A. M. Standisli, '14, and
O. H. Castle, '14.
Standish is registered in the Econ
omics department from Oakland. He
has been on The Daily Palo Alto staff
three years, and is a member of the
University Conference. St.andish is
also a member of Hammer and Cof

lin society, Press Club, Skull and
Snakes and served on 1914 "Quad"
board. He belongs to Beta Theta Pi
fraternity.
Castle is a law major, registering
from Pasadena, and lias served three
years and a half on The Daily Palo
Alto. He is also a member of the
University Conference, and is re
tiring president of Nestoria literary
society. Castle was on the 1914
"Quad' 'board, lie is secretary of the
Pacific Coast Debating League. His
fraternity is Delta Chi.
The only nominee for 1915 repre
sentative to the Executive Committee
was E. M. Bonnett who is a mechanical
engineering student from Riverside.
Bonnett is a veteran half mile man on
the track team, having won his "S"
the last two years. He belongs to
Skull and Snakes society and Encina
Club.
Nominations for the editor of The
Daily Palo Alto, and 1915 representa
tive to the Executive Committee were
held in the Chapel this afternoon.
Though the position of 1916 represent
ative is vacant, no nominations for
that office were made. Further nomi
nations will be in order through The
Daily Palo Alto as late as Tuesday
afternoon. The elections will be held
Wednesday. All members of the stu
dent Body who have paid their dues
will be allowed to vote.
The nominees for editor of The
Daily Palo Alto in order of their
naming were A. M. Standisli, '14, and
O. H. Castle, '14.
Standish is registered in the Econ
omics department from Oakland. He
has been on The Daily Palo Alto staff
three years, and is a member of the
University Conference. St.andish is
also a member of Hammer and Cof

lin society, Press Club, Skull and
Snakes and served on 1914 "Quad"
board. He belongs to Beta Theta Pi
fraternity.
Castle is a law major, registering
from Pasadena, and lias served three
years and a half on The Daily Palo
Alto. He is also a member of the
University Conference, and is re
tiring president of Nestoria literary
society. Castle was on the 1914
"Quad' 'board, lie is secretary of the
Pacific Coast Debating League. His
fraternity is Delta Chi.
The only nominee for 1915 repre
sentative to the Executive Committee
was E. M. Bonnett who is a mechanical
engineering student from Riverside.
Bonnett is a veteran half mile man on
the track team, having won his "S"
the last two years. He belongs to
Skull and Snakes society and Encina
Club.
Nominations for the editor of The
Daily Palo Alto, and 1915 representa
tive to the Executive Committee were
held in the Chapel this afternoon.
Though the position of 1916 represent
ative is vacant, no nominations for
that office were made. Further nomi
nations will be in order through The
Daily Palo Alto as late as Tuesday
afternoon. The elections will be held
Wednesday. All members of the stu
dent Body who have paid their dues
will be allowed to vote.
The nominees for editor of The
Daily Palo Alto in order of their
naming were A. M. Standisli, '14, and
O. H. Castle, '14.
Standish is registered in the Econ
omics department from Oakland. He
has been on The Daily Palo Alto staff
three years, and is a member of the
University Conference. St.andish is
also a member of Hammer and Cof

lin society, Press Club, Skull and
Snakes and served on 1914 "Quad"
board. He belongs to Beta Theta Pi
fraternity.
Castle is a law major, registering
from Pasadena, and lias served three
years and a half on The Daily Palo
Alto. He is also a member of the
University Conference, and is re
tiring president of Nestoria literary
society. Castle was on the 1914
"Quad' 'board, lie is secretary of the
Pacific Coast Debating League. His
fraternity is Delta Chi.
The only nominee for 1915 repre
sentative to the Executive Committee
was E. M. Bonnett who is a mechanical
engineering student from Riverside.
Bonnett is a veteran half mile man on
the track team, having won his "S"
the last two years. He belongs to
Skull and Snakes society and Encina
Club.
Nominations for the editor of The
Daily Palo Alto, and 1915 representa
tive to the Executive Committee were
held in the Chapel this afternoon.
Though the position of 1916 represent
ative is vacant, no nominations for
that office were made. Further nomi
nations will be in order through The
Daily Palo Alto as late as Tuesday
afternoon. The elections will be held
Wednesday. All members of the stu
dent Body who have paid their dues
will be allowed to vote.
The nominees for editor of The
Daily Palo Alto in order of their
naming were A. M. Standisli, '14, and
O. H. Castle, '14.
Standish is registered in the Econ
omics department from Oakland. He
has been on The Daily Palo Alto staff
three years, and is a member of the
University Conference. St.andish is
also a member of Hammer and Cof

lin society, Press Club, Skull and
Snakes and served on 1914 "Quad"
board. He belongs to Beta Theta Pi
fraternity.
Castle is a law major, registering
from Pasadena, and lias served three
years and a half on The Daily Palo
Alto. He is also a member of the
University Conference, and is re
tiring president of Nestoria literary
society. Castle was on the 1914
"Quad' 'board, lie is secretary of the
Pacific Coast Debating League. His
fraternity is Delta Chi.
The only nominee for 1915 repre
sentative to the Executive Committee
was E. M. Bonnett who is a mechanical
engineering student from Riverside.
Bonnett is a veteran half mile man on
the track team, having won his "S"
the last two years. He belongs to
Skull and Snakes society and Encina
Club.
Nominations for the editor of The
Daily Palo Alto, and 1915 representa
tive to the Executive Committee were
held in the Chapel this afternoon.
Though the position of 1916 represent
ative is vacant, no nominations for
that office were made. Further nomi
nations will be in order through The
Daily Palo Alto as late as Tuesday
afternoon. The elections will be held
Wednesday. All members of the stu
dent Body who have paid their dues
will be allowed to vote.
The nominees for editor of The
Daily Palo Alto in order of their
naming were A. M. Standisli, '14, and
O. H. Castle, '14.
Standish is registered in the Econ
omics department from Oakland. He
has been on The Daily Palo Alto staff
three years, and is a member of the
University Conference. St.andish is
also a member of Hammer and Cof

lin society, Press Club, Skull and
Snakes and served on 1914 "Quad"
board. He belongs to Beta Theta Pi
fraternity.
Castle is a law major, registering
from Pasadena, and lias served three
years and a half on The Daily Palo
Alto. He is also a member of the
University Conference, and is re
tiring president of Nestoria literary
society. Castle was on the 1914
"Quad' 'board, lie is secretary of the
Pacific Coast Debating League. His
fraternity is Delta Chi.
The only nominee for 1915 repre
sentative to the Executive Committee
was E. M. Bonnett who is a mechanical
engineering student from Riverside.
Bonnett is a veteran half mile man on
the track team, having won his "S"
the last two years. He belongs to
Skull and Snakes society and Encina
Club.
Nominations for the editor of The
Daily Palo Alto, and 1915 representa
tive to the Executive Committee were
held in the Chapel this afternoon.
Though the position of 1916 represent
ative is vacant, no nominations for
that office were made. Further nomi
nations will be in order through The
Daily Palo Alto as late as Tuesday
afternoon. The elections will be held
Wednesday. All members of the stu
dent Body who have paid their dues
will be allowed to vote.
The nominees for editor of The
Daily Palo Alto in order of their
naming were A. M. Standisli, '14, and
O. H. Castle, '14.
Standish is registered in the Econ
omics department from Oakland. He
has been on The Daily Palo Alto staff
three years, and is a member of the
University Conference. St.andish is
also a member of Hammer and Cof

lin society, Press Club, Skull and
Snakes and served on 1914 "Quad"
board. He belongs to Beta Theta Pi
fraternity.
Castle is a law major, registering
from Pasadena, and lias served three
years and a half on The Daily Palo
Alto. He is also a member of the
University Conference, and is re
tiring president of Nestoria literary
society. Castle was on the 1914
"Quad' 'board, lie is secretary of the
Pacific Coast Debating League. His
fraternity is Delta Chi.
The only nominee for 1915 repre
sentative to the Executive Committee
was E. M. Bonnett who is a mechanical
engineering student from Riverside.
Bonnett is a veteran half mile man on
the track team, having won his "S"
the last two years. He belongs to
Skull and Snakes society and Encina
Club.
Nominations for the editor of The
Daily Palo Alto, and 1915 representa
tive to the Executive Committee were
held in the Chapel this afternoon.
Though the position of 1916 represent
ative is vacant, no nominations for
that office were made. Further nomi
nations will be in order through The
Daily Palo Alto as late as Tuesday
afternoon. The elections will be held
Wednesday. All members of the stu
dent Body who have paid their dues
will be allowed to vote.
The nominees for editor of The
Daily Palo Alto in order of their
naming were A. M. Standisli, '14, and
O. H. Castle, '14.
Standish is registered in the Econ
omics department from Oakland. He
has been on The Daily Palo Alto staff
three years, and is a member of the
University Conference. St.andish is
also a member of Hammer and Cof

lin society, Press Club, Skull and
Snakes and served on 1914 "Quad"
board. He belongs to Beta Theta Pi
fraternity.
Castle is a law major, registering
from Pasadena, and lias served three
years and a half on The Daily Palo
Alto. He is also a member of the
University Conference, and is re
tiring president of Nestoria literary
society. Castle was on the 1914
"Quad' 'board, lie is secretary of the
Pacific Coast Debating League. His
fraternity is Delta Chi.
The only nominee for 1915 repre
sentative to the Executive Committee
was E. M. Bonnett who is a mechanical
engineering student from Riverside.
Bonnett is a veteran half mile man on
the track team, having won his "S"
the last two years. He belongs to
Skull and Snakes society and Encina
Club.
Nominations for the editor of The
Daily Palo Alto, and 1915 representa
tive to the Executive Committee were
held in the Chapel this afternoon.
Though the position of 1916 represent
ative is vacant, no nominations for
that office were made. Further nomi
nations will be in order through The
Daily Palo Alto as late as Tuesday
afternoon. The elections will be held
Wednesday. All members of the stu
dent Body who have paid their dues
will be allowed to vote.
The nominees for editor of The
Daily Palo Alto in order of their
naming were A. M. Standisli, '14, and
O. H. Castle, '14.
Standish is registered in the Econ
omics department from Oakland. He
has been on The Daily Palo Alto staff
three years, and is a member of the
University Conference. St.andish is
also a member of Hammer and Cof

lin society, Press Club, Skull and
Snakes and served on 1914 "Quad"
board. He belongs to Beta Theta Pi
fraternity.
Castle is a law major, registering
from Pasadena, and lias served three
years and a half on The Daily Palo
Alto. He is also a member of the
University Conference, and is re
tiring president of Nestoria literary
society. Castle was on the 1914
"Quad' 'board, lie is secretary of the
Pacific Coast Debating League. His
fraternity is Delta Chi.
The only nominee for 1915 repre
sentative to the Executive Committee
was E. M. Bonnett who is a mechanical
engineering student from Riverside.
Bonnett is a veteran half mile man on
the track team, having won his "S"
the last two years. He belongs to
Skull and Snakes society and Encina
Club.
Nominations for the editor of The
Daily Palo Alto, and 1915 representa
tive to the Executive Committee were
held in the Chapel this afternoon.
Though the position of 1916 represent
ative is vacant, no nominations for
that office were made. Further nomi
nations will be in order through The
Daily Palo Alto as late as Tuesday
afternoon. The elections will be held
Wednesday. All members of the stu
dent Body who have paid their dues
will be allowed to vote.
The nominees for editor of The
Daily Palo Alto in order of their
naming were A. M. Standisli, '14, and
O. H. Castle, '14.
Standish is registered in the Econ
omics department from Oakland. He
has been on The Daily Palo Alto staff
three years, and is a member of the
University Conference. St.andish is
also a member of Hammer and Cof

lin society, Press Club, Skull and
Snakes and served on 1914 "Quad"
board. He belongs to Beta Theta Pi
fraternity.
Castle is a law major, registering
from Pasadena, and lias served three
years and a half on The Daily Palo
Alto. He is also a member of the
University Conference, and is re
tiring president of Nestoria literary
society. Castle was on the 1914
"Quad' 'board, lie is secretary of the
Pacific Coast Debating League. His
fraternity is Delta Chi.
The only nominee for 1915 repre
sentative to the Executive Committee
was E. M. Bonnett who is a mechanical
engineering student from Riverside.
Bonnett is a veteran half mile man on
the track team, having won his "S"
the last two years. He belongs to
Skull and Snakes society and Encina
Club.
Nominations for the editor of The
Daily Palo Alto, and 1915 representa
tive to the Executive Committee were
held in the Chapel this afternoon.
Though the position of 1916 represent
ative is vacant, no nominations for
that office were made. Further nomi
nations will be in order through The
Daily Palo Alto as late as Tuesday
afternoon. The elections will be held
Wednesday. All members of the stu
dent Body who have paid their dues
will be allowed to vote.
The nominees for editor of The
Daily Palo Alto in order of their
naming were A. M. Standisli, '14, and
O. H. Castle, '14.
Standish is registered in the Econ
omics department from Oakland. He
has been on The Daily Palo Alto staff
three years, and is a member of the
University Conference. St.andish is
also a member of Hammer and Cof

lin society, Press Club, Skull and
Snakes and served on 1914 "Quad"
board. He belongs to Beta Theta Pi
fraternity.
Castle is a law major, registering
from Pasadena, and lias served three
years and a half on The Daily Palo
Alto. He is also a member of the
University Conference, and is re
tiring president of Nestoria literary
society. Castle was on the 1914
"Quad' 'board, lie is secretary of the
Pacific Coast Debating League. His
fraternity is Delta Chi.
The only nominee for 1915 repre
sentative to the Executive Committee
was E. M. Bonnett who is a mechanical
engineering student from Riverside.
Bonnett is a veteran half mile man on
the track team, having won his "S"
the last two years. He belongs to
Skull and Snakes society and Encina
Club.
Nominations for the editor of The
Daily Palo Alto, and 1915 representa
tive to the Executive Committee were
held in the Chapel this afternoon.
Though the position of 1916 represent
ative is vacant, no nominations for
that office were made. Further nomi
nations will be in order through The
Daily Palo Alto as late as Tuesday
afternoon. The elections will be held
Wednesday. All members of the stu
dent Body who have paid their dues
will be allowed to vote.
The nominees for editor of The
Daily Palo Alto in order of their
naming were A. M. Standisli, '14, and
O. H. Castle, '14.
Standish is registered in the Econ
omics department from Oakland. He
has been on The Daily Palo Alto staff
three years, and is a member of the
University Conference. St.andish is
also a member of Hammer and Cof

lin society, Press Club, Skull and
Snakes and served on 1914 "Quad"
board. He belongs to Beta Theta Pi
fraternity.
Castle is a law major, registering
from Pasadena, and lias served three
years and a half on The Daily Palo
Alto. He is also a member of the
University Conference, and is re
tiring president of Nestoria literary
society. Castle was on the 1914
"Quad' 'board, lie is secretary of the
Pacific Coast Debating League. His
fraternity is Delta Chi.
The only nominee for 1915 repre
sentative to the Executive Committee
was E. M. Bonnett who is a mechanical
engineering student from Riverside.
Bonnett is a veteran half mile man on
the track team, having won his "S"
the last two years. He belongs to
Skull and Snakes society and Encina
Club.
Nominations for the editor of The
Daily Palo Alto, and 1915 representa
tive to the Executive Committee were
held in the Chapel this afternoon.
Though the position of 1916 represent
ative is vacant, no nominations for
that office were made. Further nomi
nations will be in order through The
Daily Palo Alto as late as Tuesday
afternoon. The elections will be held
Wednesday. All members of the stu
dent Body who have paid their dues
will be allowed to vote.
The nominees for editor of The
Daily Palo Alto in order of their
naming were A. M. Standisli, '14, and
O. H. Castle, '14.
Standish is registered in the Econ
omics department from Oakland. He
has been on The Daily Palo Alto staff
three years, and is a member of the
University Conference. St.andish is
also a member of Hammer and Cof

lin society, Press Club, Skull and
Snakes and served on 1914 "Quad"
board. He belongs to Beta Theta Pi
fraternity.
Castle is a law major, registering
from Pasadena, and lias served three
years and a half on The Daily Palo
Alto. He is also a member of the
University Conference, and is re
tiring president of Nestoria literary
society. Castle was on the 1914
"Quad' 'board, lie is secretary of the
Pacific Coast Debating League. His
fraternity is Delta Chi.
The only nominee for 1915 repre
sentative to the Executive Committee
was E. M. Bonnett who is a mechanical
engineering student from Riverside.
Bonnett is a veteran half mile man on
the track team, having won his "S"
the last two years. He belongs to
Skull and Snakes society and Encina
Club.
Nominations for the editor of The
Daily Palo Alto, and 1915 representa
tive to the Executive Committee were
held in the Chapel this afternoon.
Though the position of 1916 represent
ative is vacant, no nominations for
that office were made. Further nomi
nations will be in order through The
Daily Palo Alto as late as Tuesday
afternoon. The elections will be held
Wednesday. All members of the stu
dent Body who have paid their dues
will be allowed to vote.
The nominees for editor of The
Daily Palo Alto in order of their
naming were A. M. Standisli, '14, and
O. H. Castle, '14.
Standish is registered in the Econ
omics department from Oakland. He
has been on The Daily Palo Alto staff
three years, and is a member of the
University Conference. St.andish is
also a member of Hammer and Cof

lin society, Press Club, Skull and
Snakes and served on 1914 "Quad"
board. He belongs to Beta Theta Pi
fraternity.
Castle is a law major, registering
from Pasadena, and lias served three
years and a half on The Daily Palo
Alto. He is also a member of the
University Conference, and is re
tiring president of Nestoria literary
society. Castle was on the 1914
"Quad' 'board, lie is secretary of the
Pacific Coast Debating League. His
fraternity is Delta Chi.
The only nominee for 1915 repre
sentative to the Executive Committee
was E. M. Bonnett who is a mechanical
engineering student from Riverside.
Bonnett is a veteran half mile man on
the track team, having won his "S"
the last two years. He belongs to
Skull and Snakes society and Encina
Club.
