# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Michigan's vote against returning
to the Western Conference was 2324
to 911.
Western Reserve now offers a
course in real estate business.
Michigan's vote against returning
to the Western Conference was 2324
to 911.
Western Reserve now offers a
course in real estate business.
Michigan's vote against returning
to the Western Conference was 2324
to 911.
Western Reserve now offers a
course in real estate business.
Michigan's vote against returning
to the Western Conference was 2324
to 911.
Western Reserve now offers a
course in real estate business.
Michigan's vote against returning
to the Western Conference was 2324
to 911.
Western Reserve now offers a
course in real estate business.
Michigan's vote against returning
to the Western Conference was 2324
to 911.
Western Reserve now offers a
course in real estate business.
Michigan's vote against returning
to the Western Conference was 2324
to 911.
Western Reserve now offers a
course in real estate business.
Michigan's vote against returning
to the Western Conference was 2324
to 911.
Western Reserve now offers a
course in real estate business.
Michigan's vote against returning
to the Western Conference was 2324
to 911.
Western Reserve now offers a
course in real estate business.
Michigan's vote against returning
to the Western Conference was 2324
to 911.
Western Reserve now offers a
course in real estate business.
Michigan's vote against returning
to the Western Conference was 2324
to 911.
Western Reserve now offers a
course in real estate business.
Michigan's vote against returning
to the Western Conference was 2324
to 911.
Western Reserve now offers a
course in real estate business.
Michigan's vote against returning
to the Western Conference was 2324
to 911.
Western Reserve now offers a
course in real estate business.
Michigan's vote against returning
to the Western Conference was 2324
to 911.
Western Reserve now offers a
course in real estate business.
