# Untitled Article
## 
### 
After several years of waiting, Stan
ford has at last secured the nucleus of
a band worthy to represent her in the
various contests where a band is of
use. Those who have been instru
mental in completing the organization,
with those who have enlisted as mem
bers of the band are to be congratulat
ed upon the showing that they have
made so far. Although unable to se
cure credit for the work that they are
doing, which amounts to numerous
practices during the week and individ
ual work upon the part of the men,
they have still continued to remain in
the ranks and have served faithfully.
It is to be hoped that the band will
swell in enrollment to even a larger
figure than it claims at the present
time and that its improvement will
continue at its present rate.
