# Lovers of Chocolate Creams
## 
### 
Will take keen delight in our newly
perfected "Mello Creme Chocolates."
Soft mellow contents in four flavors.
Packed only in 1 and 2-pound,
chocolate colored boxes. GOc per
pound. Geo. Haas & Sons' four candy
stores: Phelan Building, Fillomre at
Ellis, Van Ness at Sutter and 28 Mar
ket St., near Ferry, San Francisco.
Will take keen delight in our newly
perfected "Mello Creme Chocolates."
Soft mellow contents in four flavors.
Packed only in 1 and 2-pound,
chocolate colored boxes. GOc per
pound. Geo. Haas & Sons' four candy
stores: Phelan Building, Fillomre at
Ellis, Van Ness at Sutter and 28 Mar
ket St., near Ferry, San Francisco.
Will take keen delight in our newly
perfected "Mello Creme Chocolates."
Soft mellow contents in four flavors.
Packed only in 1 and 2-pound,
chocolate colored boxes. GOc per
pound. Geo. Haas & Sons' four candy
stores: Phelan Building, Fillomre at
Ellis, Van Ness at Sutter and 28 Mar
ket St., near Ferry, San Francisco.
Will take keen delight in our newly
perfected "Mello Creme Chocolates."
Soft mellow contents in four flavors.
Packed only in 1 and 2-pound,
chocolate colored boxes. GOc per
pound. Geo. Haas & Sons' four candy
stores: Phelan Building, Fillomre at
Ellis, Van Ness at Sutter and 28 Mar
ket St., near Ferry, San Francisco.
Will take keen delight in our newly
perfected "Mello Creme Chocolates."
Soft mellow contents in four flavors.
Packed only in 1 and 2-pound,
chocolate colored boxes. GOc per
pound. Geo. Haas & Sons' four candy
stores: Phelan Building, Fillomre at
Ellis, Van Ness at Sutter and 28 Mar
ket St., near Ferry, San Francisco.
Will take keen delight in our newly
perfected "Mello Creme Chocolates."
Soft mellow contents in four flavors.
Packed only in 1 and 2-pound,
chocolate colored boxes. GOc per
pound. Geo. Haas & Sons' four candy
stores: Phelan Building, Fillomre at
Ellis, Van Ness at Sutter and 28 Mar
ket St., near Ferry, San Francisco.
Will take keen delight in our newly
perfected "Mello Creme Chocolates."
Soft mellow contents in four flavors.
Packed only in 1 and 2-pound,
chocolate colored boxes. GOc per
pound. Geo. Haas & Sons' four candy
stores: Phelan Building, Fillomre at
Ellis, Van Ness at Sutter and 28 Mar
ket St., near Ferry, San Francisco.
Will take keen delight in our newly
perfected "Mello Creme Chocolates."
Soft mellow contents in four flavors.
Packed only in 1 and 2-pound,
chocolate colored boxes. GOc per
pound. Geo. Haas & Sons' four candy
stores: Phelan Building, Fillomre at
Ellis, Van Ness at Sutter and 28 Mar
ket St., near Ferry, San Francisco.
Will take keen delight in our newly
perfected "Mello Creme Chocolates."
Soft mellow contents in four flavors.
Packed only in 1 and 2-pound,
chocolate colored boxes. GOc per
pound. Geo. Haas & Sons' four candy
stores: Phelan Building, Fillomre at
Ellis, Van Ness at Sutter and 28 Mar
ket St., near Ferry, San Francisco.
Will take keen delight in our newly
perfected "Mello Creme Chocolates."
Soft mellow contents in four flavors.
Packed only in 1 and 2-pound,
chocolate colored boxes. GOc per
pound. Geo. Haas & Sons' four candy
stores: Phelan Building, Fillomre at
Ellis, Van Ness at Sutter and 28 Mar
ket St., near Ferry, San Francisco.
Will take keen delight in our newly
perfected "Mello Creme Chocolates."
Soft mellow contents in four flavors.
Packed only in 1 and 2-pound,
chocolate colored boxes. GOc per
pound. Geo. Haas & Sons' four candy
stores: Phelan Building, Fillomre at
Ellis, Van Ness at Sutter and 28 Mar
ket St., near Ferry, San Francisco.
