# EELS TO LEAVE FOR COLORADO MEETING
## 
### 
Walter C. Eels, associate professor
of education, will leave Saturday,
May 9, to attend the sixteenth an
nual conference of the National Uni
versity Extension Association, which
is to be held at the University of
Colorado.
Professor Eels will give an ad
dress on "The Junior College and
University Extension" at one session
of the conference, which will be de
voted to a discussion of that sub
ject. During his absence he will also
visit junior colleges in Denver and
the Colorado State Teachers College
at Greeley.
Walter C. Eels, associate professor
of education, will leave Saturday,
May 9, to attend the sixteenth an
nual conference of the National Uni
versity Extension Association, which
is to be held at the University of
Colorado.
Professor Eels will give an ad
dress on "The Junior College and
University Extension" at one session
of the conference, which will be de
voted to a discussion of that sub
ject. During his absence he will also
visit junior colleges in Denver and
the Colorado State Teachers College
at Greeley.
Walter C. Eels, associate professor
of education, will leave Saturday,
May 9, to attend the sixteenth an
nual conference of the National Uni
versity Extension Association, which
is to be held at the University of
Colorado.
Professor Eels will give an ad
dress on "The Junior College and
University Extension" at one session
of the conference, which will be de
voted to a discussion of that sub
ject. During his absence he will also
visit junior colleges in Denver and
the Colorado State Teachers College
at Greeley.
Walter C. Eels, associate professor
of education, will leave Saturday,
May 9, to attend the sixteenth an
nual conference of the National Uni
versity Extension Association, which
is to be held at the University of
Colorado.
Professor Eels will give an ad
dress on "The Junior College and
University Extension" at one session
of the conference, which will be de
voted to a discussion of that sub
ject. During his absence he will also
visit junior colleges in Denver and
the Colorado State Teachers College
at Greeley.
Walter C. Eels, associate professor
of education, will leave Saturday,
May 9, to attend the sixteenth an
nual conference of the National Uni
versity Extension Association, which
is to be held at the University of
Colorado.
Professor Eels will give an ad
dress on "The Junior College and
University Extension" at one session
of the conference, which will be de
voted to a discussion of that sub
ject. During his absence he will also
visit junior colleges in Denver and
the Colorado State Teachers College
at Greeley.
Walter C. Eels, associate professor
of education, will leave Saturday,
May 9, to attend the sixteenth an
nual conference of the National Uni
versity Extension Association, which
is to be held at the University of
Colorado.
Professor Eels will give an ad
dress on "The Junior College and
University Extension" at one session
of the conference, which will be de
voted to a discussion of that sub
ject. During his absence he will also
visit junior colleges in Denver and
the Colorado State Teachers College
at Greeley.
Walter C. Eels, associate professor
of education, will leave Saturday,
May 9, to attend the sixteenth an
nual conference of the National Uni
versity Extension Association, which
is to be held at the University of
Colorado.
Professor Eels will give an ad
dress on "The Junior College and
University Extension" at one session
of the conference, which will be de
voted to a discussion of that sub
ject. During his absence he will also
visit junior colleges in Denver and
the Colorado State Teachers College
at Greeley.
Walter C. Eels, associate professor
of education, will leave Saturday,
May 9, to attend the sixteenth an
nual conference of the National Uni
versity Extension Association, which
is to be held at the University of
Colorado.
Professor Eels will give an ad
dress on "The Junior College and
University Extension" at one session
of the conference, which will be de
voted to a discussion of that sub
ject. During his absence he will also
visit junior colleges in Denver and
the Colorado State Teachers College
at Greeley.
Walter C. Eels, associate professor
of education, will leave Saturday,
May 9, to attend the sixteenth an
nual conference of the National Uni
versity Extension Association, which
is to be held at the University of
Colorado.
Professor Eels will give an ad
dress on "The Junior College and
University Extension" at one session
of the conference, which will be de
voted to a discussion of that sub
ject. During his absence he will also
visit junior colleges in Denver and
the Colorado State Teachers College
at Greeley.
Walter C. Eels, associate professor
of education, will leave Saturday,
May 9, to attend the sixteenth an
nual conference of the National Uni
versity Extension Association, which
is to be held at the University of
Colorado.
Professor Eels will give an ad
dress on "The Junior College and
University Extension" at one session
of the conference, which will be de
voted to a discussion of that sub
ject. During his absence he will also
visit junior colleges in Denver and
the Colorado State Teachers College
at Greeley.
Walter C. Eels, associate professor
of education, will leave Saturday,
May 9, to attend the sixteenth an
nual conference of the National Uni
versity Extension Association, which
is to be held at the University of
Colorado.
Professor Eels will give an ad
dress on "The Junior College and
University Extension" at one session
of the conference, which will be de
voted to a discussion of that sub
ject. During his absence he will also
visit junior colleges in Denver and
the Colorado State Teachers College
at Greeley.
Walter C. Eels, associate professor
of education, will leave Saturday,
May 9, to attend the sixteenth an
nual conference of the National Uni
versity Extension Association, which
is to be held at the University of
Colorado.
Professor Eels will give an ad
dress on "The Junior College and
University Extension" at one session
of the conference, which will be de
voted to a discussion of that sub
ject. During his absence he will also
visit junior colleges in Denver and
the Colorado State Teachers College
at Greeley.
Walter C. Eels, associate professor
of education, will leave Saturday,
May 9, to attend the sixteenth an
nual conference of the National Uni
versity Extension Association, which
is to be held at the University of
Colorado.
Professor Eels will give an ad
dress on "The Junior College and
University Extension" at one session
of the conference, which will be de
voted to a discussion of that sub
ject. During his absence he will also
visit junior colleges in Denver and
the Colorado State Teachers College
at Greeley.
Walter C. Eels, associate professor
of education, will leave Saturday,
May 9, to attend the sixteenth an
nual conference of the National Uni
versity Extension Association, which
is to be held at the University of
Colorado.
Professor Eels will give an ad
dress on "The Junior College and
University Extension" at one session
of the conference, which will be de
voted to a discussion of that sub
ject. During his absence he will also
visit junior colleges in Denver and
the Colorado State Teachers College
at Greeley.
Walter C. Eels, associate professor
of education, will leave Saturday,
May 9, to attend the sixteenth an
nual conference of the National Uni
versity Extension Association, which
is to be held at the University of
Colorado.
Professor Eels will give an ad
dress on "The Junior College and
University Extension" at one session
of the conference, which will be de
voted to a discussion of that sub
ject. During his absence he will also
visit junior colleges in Denver and
the Colorado State Teachers College
at Greeley.
