# RAILROADS GRANTED RATE REDUCTION TO MEET COMPETITION
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, May 5. (/P>â€”The
Interstate Commerce Commission
today authorized southwestern lines
to reduce freight rates on automo
biles to meet "drive-away" compe
tition.
The railroads claimed that trans
portation of gasoline by pipe line
was an actuality and that waterways
were getting more and more of the
business. Motor truck and pipe line
competition, not being restricted as
to rates, they added, was cutting
heavily into their business.
The commission in its decision au
thorizing filing of reduced rates on
automobiles applied the same condi
tion it applied yesterday in the cot
ton rate case to meet truck competi
tion. The hauls are limited to 500
miles and are to be made at carload
rail rates and the rates are to be
filed with the commission subject to
suspension and investigation if con
sidered necessary.
