# COMICS CENSORSHIP
## 
### 
The University of Michigan's (iargoi/le is the latest col
lege comics magazine to join the ranks of the censored.
Like the Purple Parrot of Northwestern, the Phoenix of
Chicago, the Lampoon of Harvard, and the University of
Washington C.ohunns, the Gargoyle has been reproved for
the vulgarity and obscenity which are suposed to charac
terize its columns.
In every one of these cases the university concerned has
obviously believed censorship to be an effective method
>f suppressing the undesirable in print. The university
authorities, too, have assumed they were capable of decid
ing what was desirable and what was not.
Perhaps they have suppressed the undesirable, if it
lid exist, perhaps not. Censorship seldom lias the happy
faculty of accomplishing what it aims to do. Opposition
and notoriety often lead to success. The label of "censored"
on a magazine sometimes is a guarantee of certain popu
larity.
Had the suppression-minded universities paid no atten
tion to shocked reformers, the comic magazines would not
have been checked and yet probably would have been no
better nor worse than now after the censoring. And the
universities would have all been spared much unpleasant
publicity.
