# 'Science Can't Solve World Population Crisis': Ehrlich
## 
### 
Technological optimists are
going to destroy us all with
their nonsense about science
the "world population-food-en
vironment crisis," a prominent
Stanford University population
biologist asserted Thursday at a
Cornell University colloquim.
"The soothing effect of this
nonsense reduces the chances of
recognizing the only real answer
to the population problem—pop
ulation control," said Professor
Paul R. Ehrlich, author of the
recently published best-seller,
The Population Bomb.
The Stanford biologist cited
schemes of the technological op
timists such as "exporting peo
ple" to other planets, building
expensive "nuclear-powered ag
ro-industrial complexes, farm
ing whales in coral atolls, grow
ing plankton for plankton
steaks, growing food in sewage
or on petroleum, and revolution
izing tropical agriculture.
"Each such widely-broadcast
scheme convinces some people
that there is no population prob

lem at all—that good old 'Sci
ence' is going to come to our
rescue," he said. The fact is that
these attempts are absurd and
impractical.
"We cannot feed the 315 bil
lion people we have today,"
Prof. Ehrlich concluded. "Every

three years we are adding 200
million people to the world
population.
"The only way to have enough
food is to dam the flood of peo
ple. That is also the only way
to maintain a livable environ
ment."
