# EDWARDS BREAKS RECORD
## 
### 
Don Edwards, number one varsity
golfer, broke the Hillview (San
Jose) course record yesterday in
winning the fiesta championship,
with sub-par score of 70-71—141 for
the 36 holes.
Don Edwards, number one varsity
golfer, broke the Hillview (San
Jose) course record yesterday in
winning the fiesta championship,
with sub-par score of 70-71—141 for
the 36 holes.
Don Edwards, number one varsity
golfer, broke the Hillview (San
Jose) course record yesterday in
winning the fiesta championship,
with sub-par score of 70-71—141 for
the 36 holes.
Don Edwards, number one varsity
golfer, broke the Hillview (San
Jose) course record yesterday in
winning the fiesta championship,
with sub-par score of 70-71—141 for
the 36 holes.
Don Edwards, number one varsity
golfer, broke the Hillview (San
Jose) course record yesterday in
winning the fiesta championship,
with sub-par score of 70-71—141 for
the 36 holes.
Don Edwards, number one varsity
golfer, broke the Hillview (San
Jose) course record yesterday in
winning the fiesta championship,
with sub-par score of 70-71—141 for
the 36 holes.
Don Edwards, number one varsity
golfer, broke the Hillview (San
Jose) course record yesterday in
winning the fiesta championship,
with sub-par score of 70-71—141 for
the 36 holes.
Don Edwards, number one varsity
golfer, broke the Hillview (San
Jose) course record yesterday in
winning the fiesta championship,
with sub-par score of 70-71—141 for
the 36 holes.
Don Edwards, number one varsity
golfer, broke the Hillview (San
Jose) course record yesterday in
winning the fiesta championship,
with sub-par score of 70-71—141 for
the 36 holes.
Don Edwards, number one varsity
golfer, broke the Hillview (San
Jose) course record yesterday in
winning the fiesta championship,
with sub-par score of 70-71—141 for
the 36 holes.
Don Edwards, number one varsity
golfer, broke the Hillview (San
Jose) course record yesterday in
winning the fiesta championship,
with sub-par score of 70-71—141 for
the 36 holes.
Don Edwards, number one varsity
golfer, broke the Hillview (San
Jose) course record yesterday in
winning the fiesta championship,
with sub-par score of 70-71—141 for
the 36 holes.
Don Edwards, number one varsity
golfer, broke the Hillview (San
Jose) course record yesterday in
winning the fiesta championship,
with sub-par score of 70-71—141 for
the 36 holes.
Don Edwards, number one varsity
golfer, broke the Hillview (San
Jose) course record yesterday in
winning the fiesta championship,
with sub-par score of 70-71—141 for
the 36 holes.
Don Edwards, number one varsity
golfer, broke the Hillview (San
Jose) course record yesterday in
winning the fiesta championship,
with sub-par score of 70-71—141 for
the 36 holes.
Don Edwards, number one varsity
golfer, broke the Hillview (San
Jose) course record yesterday in
winning the fiesta championship,
with sub-par score of 70-71—141 for
the 36 holes.
