# Adv. 31 Page 7
## 
### 
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
■oH9^^HX^§^ffi9pHßHßHgEs
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMEN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
Litr/iflr
'J J EWE I ERS
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your College Jewolors
For Over 35 Yenrs
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
■oH9^^HX^§^ffi9pHßHßHgEs
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMEN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
Litr/iflr
'J J EWE I ERS
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your College Jewolors
For Over 35 Yenrs
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
■oH9^^HX^§^ffi9pHßHßHgEs
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMEN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
Litr/iflr
'J J EWE I ERS
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your College Jewolors
For Over 35 Yenrs
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
■oH9^^HX^§^ffi9pHßHßHgEs
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMEN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
Litr/iflr
'J J EWE I ERS
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your College Jewolors
For Over 35 Yenrs
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
■oH9^^HX^§^ffi9pHßHßHgEs
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMEN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
Litr/iflr
'J J EWE I ERS
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your College Jewolors
For Over 35 Yenrs
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
■oH9^^HX^§^ffi9pHßHßHgEs
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMEN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
Litr/iflr
'J J EWE I ERS
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your College Jewolors
For Over 35 Yenrs
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
■oH9^^HX^§^ffi9pHßHßHgEs
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMEN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
Litr/iflr
'J J EWE I ERS
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your College Jewolors
For Over 35 Yenrs
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
■oH9^^HX^§^ffi9pHßHßHgEs
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMEN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
Litr/iflr
'J J EWE I ERS
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your College Jewolors
For Over 35 Yenrs
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
■oH9^^HX^§^ffi9pHßHßHgEs
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WOMEN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
Litr/iflr
'J J EWE I ERS
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
Your College Jewolors
For Over 35 Yenrs
