# Vancouver Regains Championship
## 
### 
California was unable to keep in the
south the international rugby cham
pionship and the Cooper-Keith trophy,
which Stanford brought down in 190 S.
The Blue and Cold secured but one
game of the series, winning the final
contest by the score of 1 1-3. The
first two games went to the Vancouver
team by the score of 3-0 and 1-0. re
spectively. One of the worst injuries
that a rugby man on the coast has re
ceived came in the second game, when
Sawyer, the fast Vancouver fullback,
was put out of play with a broken
back.
California was unable to keep in the
south the international rugby cham
pionship and the Cooper-Keith trophy,
which Stanford brought down in 190 S.
The Blue and Cold secured but one
game of the series, winning the final
contest by the score of 1 1-3. The
first two games went to the Vancouver
team by the score of 3-0 and 1-0. re
spectively. One of the worst injuries
that a rugby man on the coast has re
ceived came in the second game, when
Sawyer, the fast Vancouver fullback,
was put out of play with a broken
back.
California was unable to keep in the
south the international rugby cham
pionship and the Cooper-Keith trophy,
which Stanford brought down in 190 S.
The Blue and Cold secured but one
game of the series, winning the final
contest by the score of 1 1-3. The
first two games went to the Vancouver
team by the score of 3-0 and 1-0. re
spectively. One of the worst injuries
that a rugby man on the coast has re
ceived came in the second game, when
Sawyer, the fast Vancouver fullback,
was put out of play with a broken
back.
California was unable to keep in the
south the international rugby cham
pionship and the Cooper-Keith trophy,
which Stanford brought down in 190 S.
The Blue and Cold secured but one
game of the series, winning the final
contest by the score of 1 1-3. The
first two games went to the Vancouver
team by the score of 3-0 and 1-0. re
spectively. One of the worst injuries
that a rugby man on the coast has re
ceived came in the second game, when
Sawyer, the fast Vancouver fullback,
was put out of play with a broken
back.
California was unable to keep in the
south the international rugby cham
pionship and the Cooper-Keith trophy,
which Stanford brought down in 190 S.
The Blue and Cold secured but one
game of the series, winning the final
contest by the score of 1 1-3. The
first two games went to the Vancouver
team by the score of 3-0 and 1-0. re
spectively. One of the worst injuries
that a rugby man on the coast has re
ceived came in the second game, when
Sawyer, the fast Vancouver fullback,
was put out of play with a broken
back.
California was unable to keep in the
south the international rugby cham
pionship and the Cooper-Keith trophy,
which Stanford brought down in 190 S.
The Blue and Cold secured but one
game of the series, winning the final
contest by the score of 1 1-3. The
first two games went to the Vancouver
team by the score of 3-0 and 1-0. re
spectively. One of the worst injuries
that a rugby man on the coast has re
ceived came in the second game, when
Sawyer, the fast Vancouver fullback,
was put out of play with a broken
back.
California was unable to keep in the
south the international rugby cham
pionship and the Cooper-Keith trophy,
which Stanford brought down in 190 S.
The Blue and Cold secured but one
game of the series, winning the final
contest by the score of 1 1-3. The
first two games went to the Vancouver
team by the score of 3-0 and 1-0. re
spectively. One of the worst injuries
that a rugby man on the coast has re
ceived came in the second game, when
Sawyer, the fast Vancouver fullback,
was put out of play with a broken
back.
California was unable to keep in the
south the international rugby cham
pionship and the Cooper-Keith trophy,
which Stanford brought down in 190 S.
The Blue and Cold secured but one
game of the series, winning the final
contest by the score of 1 1-3. The
first two games went to the Vancouver
team by the score of 3-0 and 1-0. re
spectively. One of the worst injuries
that a rugby man on the coast has re
ceived came in the second game, when
Sawyer, the fast Vancouver fullback,
was put out of play with a broken
back.
California was unable to keep in the
south the international rugby cham
pionship and the Cooper-Keith trophy,
which Stanford brought down in 190 S.
The Blue and Cold secured but one
game of the series, winning the final
contest by the score of 1 1-3. The
first two games went to the Vancouver
team by the score of 3-0 and 1-0. re
spectively. One of the worst injuries
that a rugby man on the coast has re
ceived came in the second game, when
Sawyer, the fast Vancouver fullback,
was put out of play with a broken
back.
California was unable to keep in the
south the international rugby cham
pionship and the Cooper-Keith trophy,
which Stanford brought down in 190 S.
The Blue and Cold secured but one
game of the series, winning the final
contest by the score of 1 1-3. The
first two games went to the Vancouver
team by the score of 3-0 and 1-0. re
spectively. One of the worst injuries
that a rugby man on the coast has re
ceived came in the second game, when
Sawyer, the fast Vancouver fullback,
was put out of play with a broken
back.
California was unable to keep in the
south the international rugby cham
pionship and the Cooper-Keith trophy,
which Stanford brought down in 190 S.
The Blue and Cold secured but one
game of the series, winning the final
contest by the score of 1 1-3. The
first two games went to the Vancouver
team by the score of 3-0 and 1-0. re
spectively. One of the worst injuries
that a rugby man on the coast has re
ceived came in the second game, when
Sawyer, the fast Vancouver fullback,
was put out of play with a broken
back.
