# Hoover Library Gets Secret Prints
## 
### 
The Hoover Institution received
mircofilmed copies of the Confi
dential Prints of the British For
eign and Colonial Offices dealing
with Africa from 1870 to 1900 and
will receive the prints from 1900
to 1912 in the next several
months.
Since these Confidential Prints
are the single most valuable Af
rican resource in the United
Slates their possession can make
Stanford University one of the
leading American centers for his
torical research on Africa, the
Africa Curator, Dr. Peter Duig
nan, noted.
Since these documents were
virtually unedited, they reveal in
intimate fashion the workings of
the two offices. The collections
are available for study and micro
filming within the time limits laid
down by the “fifty-year secrecy
rule.” i.e., as far as the end of
1912.

The microfilm project was
jointly financed by the Hoover
Institution, the University Li
brary, and the Food Research In
stitute. The films will be housed
in the Hoover Tower.
The Hoover Institution received
mircofilmed copies of the Confi
dential Prints of the British For
eign and Colonial Offices dealing
with Africa from 1870 to 1900 and
will receive the prints from 1900
to 1912 in the next several
months.
Since these Confidential Prints
are the single most valuable Af
rican resource in the United
Slates their possession can make
Stanford University one of the
leading American centers for his
torical research on Africa, the
Africa Curator, Dr. Peter Duig
nan, noted.
Since these documents were
virtually unedited, they reveal in
intimate fashion the workings of
the two offices. The collections
are available for study and micro
filming within the time limits laid
down by the “fifty-year secrecy
rule.” i.e., as far as the end of
1912.

The microfilm project was
jointly financed by the Hoover
Institution, the University Li
brary, and the Food Research In
stitute. The films will be housed
in the Hoover Tower.
The Hoover Institution received
mircofilmed copies of the Confi
dential Prints of the British For
eign and Colonial Offices dealing
with Africa from 1870 to 1900 and
will receive the prints from 1900
to 1912 in the next several
months.
Since these Confidential Prints
are the single most valuable Af
rican resource in the United
Slates their possession can make
Stanford University one of the
leading American centers for his
torical research on Africa, the
Africa Curator, Dr. Peter Duig
nan, noted.
Since these documents were
virtually unedited, they reveal in
intimate fashion the workings of
the two offices. The collections
are available for study and micro
filming within the time limits laid
down by the “fifty-year secrecy
rule.” i.e., as far as the end of
1912.

The microfilm project was
jointly financed by the Hoover
Institution, the University Li
brary, and the Food Research In
stitute. The films will be housed
in the Hoover Tower.
The Hoover Institution received
mircofilmed copies of the Confi
dential Prints of the British For
eign and Colonial Offices dealing
with Africa from 1870 to 1900 and
will receive the prints from 1900
to 1912 in the next several
months.
Since these Confidential Prints
are the single most valuable Af
rican resource in the United
Slates their possession can make
Stanford University one of the
leading American centers for his
torical research on Africa, the
Africa Curator, Dr. Peter Duig
nan, noted.
Since these documents were
virtually unedited, they reveal in
intimate fashion the workings of
the two offices. The collections
are available for study and micro
filming within the time limits laid
down by the “fifty-year secrecy
rule.” i.e., as far as the end of
1912.

The microfilm project was
jointly financed by the Hoover
Institution, the University Li
brary, and the Food Research In
stitute. The films will be housed
in the Hoover Tower.
The Hoover Institution received
mircofilmed copies of the Confi
dential Prints of the British For
eign and Colonial Offices dealing
with Africa from 1870 to 1900 and
will receive the prints from 1900
to 1912 in the next several
months.
Since these Confidential Prints
are the single most valuable Af
rican resource in the United
Slates their possession can make
Stanford University one of the
leading American centers for his
torical research on Africa, the
Africa Curator, Dr. Peter Duig
nan, noted.
Since these documents were
virtually unedited, they reveal in
intimate fashion the workings of
the two offices. The collections
are available for study and micro
filming within the time limits laid
down by the “fifty-year secrecy
rule.” i.e., as far as the end of
1912.

The microfilm project was
jointly financed by the Hoover
Institution, the University Li
brary, and the Food Research In
stitute. The films will be housed
in the Hoover Tower.
The Hoover Institution received
mircofilmed copies of the Confi
dential Prints of the British For
eign and Colonial Offices dealing
with Africa from 1870 to 1900 and
will receive the prints from 1900
to 1912 in the next several
months.
Since these Confidential Prints
are the single most valuable Af
rican resource in the United
Slates their possession can make
Stanford University one of the
leading American centers for his
torical research on Africa, the
Africa Curator, Dr. Peter Duig
nan, noted.
Since these documents were
virtually unedited, they reveal in
intimate fashion the workings of
the two offices. The collections
are available for study and micro
filming within the time limits laid
down by the “fifty-year secrecy
rule.” i.e., as far as the end of
1912.

The microfilm project was
jointly financed by the Hoover
Institution, the University Li
brary, and the Food Research In
stitute. The films will be housed
in the Hoover Tower.
The Hoover Institution received
mircofilmed copies of the Confi
dential Prints of the British For
eign and Colonial Offices dealing
with Africa from 1870 to 1900 and
will receive the prints from 1900
to 1912 in the next several
months.
Since these Confidential Prints
are the single most valuable Af
rican resource in the United
Slates their possession can make
Stanford University one of the
leading American centers for his
torical research on Africa, the
Africa Curator, Dr. Peter Duig
nan, noted.
Since these documents were
virtually unedited, they reveal in
intimate fashion the workings of
the two offices. The collections
are available for study and micro
filming within the time limits laid
down by the “fifty-year secrecy
rule.” i.e., as far as the end of
1912.

The microfilm project was
jointly financed by the Hoover
Institution, the University Li
brary, and the Food Research In
stitute. The films will be housed
in the Hoover Tower.
The Hoover Institution received
mircofilmed copies of the Confi
dential Prints of the British For
eign and Colonial Offices dealing
with Africa from 1870 to 1900 and
will receive the prints from 1900
to 1912 in the next several
months.
Since these Confidential Prints
are the single most valuable Af
rican resource in the United
Slates their possession can make
Stanford University one of the
leading American centers for his
torical research on Africa, the
Africa Curator, Dr. Peter Duig
nan, noted.
Since these documents were
virtually unedited, they reveal in
intimate fashion the workings of
the two offices. The collections
are available for study and micro
filming within the time limits laid
down by the “fifty-year secrecy
rule.” i.e., as far as the end of
1912.

The microfilm project was
jointly financed by the Hoover
Institution, the University Li
brary, and the Food Research In
stitute. The films will be housed
in the Hoover Tower.
The Hoover Institution received
mircofilmed copies of the Confi
dential Prints of the British For
eign and Colonial Offices dealing
with Africa from 1870 to 1900 and
will receive the prints from 1900
to 1912 in the next several
months.
Since these Confidential Prints
are the single most valuable Af
rican resource in the United
Slates their possession can make
Stanford University one of the
leading American centers for his
torical research on Africa, the
Africa Curator, Dr. Peter Duig
nan, noted.
Since these documents were
virtually unedited, they reveal in
intimate fashion the workings of
the two offices. The collections
are available for study and micro
filming within the time limits laid
down by the “fifty-year secrecy
rule.” i.e., as far as the end of
1912.

The microfilm project was
jointly financed by the Hoover
Institution, the University Li
brary, and the Food Research In
stitute. The films will be housed
in the Hoover Tower.
The Hoover Institution received
mircofilmed copies of the Confi
dential Prints of the British For
eign and Colonial Offices dealing
with Africa from 1870 to 1900 and
will receive the prints from 1900
to 1912 in the next several
months.
Since these Confidential Prints
are the single most valuable Af
rican resource in the United
Slates their possession can make
Stanford University one of the
leading American centers for his
torical research on Africa, the
Africa Curator, Dr. Peter Duig
nan, noted.
Since these documents were
virtually unedited, they reveal in
intimate fashion the workings of
the two offices. The collections
are available for study and micro
filming within the time limits laid
down by the “fifty-year secrecy
rule.” i.e., as far as the end of
1912.

The microfilm project was
jointly financed by the Hoover
Institution, the University Li
brary, and the Food Research In
stitute. The films will be housed
in the Hoover Tower.
The Hoover Institution received
mircofilmed copies of the Confi
dential Prints of the British For
eign and Colonial Offices dealing
with Africa from 1870 to 1900 and
will receive the prints from 1900
to 1912 in the next several
months.
Since these Confidential Prints
are the single most valuable Af
rican resource in the United
Slates their possession can make
Stanford University one of the
leading American centers for his
torical research on Africa, the
Africa Curator, Dr. Peter Duig
nan, noted.
Since these documents were
virtually unedited, they reveal in
intimate fashion the workings of
the two offices. The collections
are available for study and micro
filming within the time limits laid
down by the “fifty-year secrecy
rule.” i.e., as far as the end of
1912.

The microfilm project was
jointly financed by the Hoover
Institution, the University Li
brary, and the Food Research In
stitute. The films will be housed
in the Hoover Tower.
The Hoover Institution received
mircofilmed copies of the Confi
dential Prints of the British For
eign and Colonial Offices dealing
with Africa from 1870 to 1900 and
will receive the prints from 1900
to 1912 in the next several
months.
Since these Confidential Prints
are the single most valuable Af
rican resource in the United
Slates their possession can make
Stanford University one of the
leading American centers for his
torical research on Africa, the
Africa Curator, Dr. Peter Duig
nan, noted.
Since these documents were
virtually unedited, they reveal in
intimate fashion the workings of
the two offices. The collections
are available for study and micro
filming within the time limits laid
down by the “fifty-year secrecy
rule.” i.e., as far as the end of
1912.

The microfilm project was
jointly financed by the Hoover
Institution, the University Li
brary, and the Food Research In
stitute. The films will be housed
in the Hoover Tower.
The Hoover Institution received
mircofilmed copies of the Confi
dential Prints of the British For
eign and Colonial Offices dealing
with Africa from 1870 to 1900 and
will receive the prints from 1900
to 1912 in the next several
months.
Since these Confidential Prints
are the single most valuable Af
rican resource in the United
Slates their possession can make
Stanford University one of the
leading American centers for his
torical research on Africa, the
Africa Curator, Dr. Peter Duig
nan, noted.
Since these documents were
virtually unedited, they reveal in
intimate fashion the workings of
the two offices. The collections
are available for study and micro
filming within the time limits laid
down by the “fifty-year secrecy
rule.” i.e., as far as the end of
1912.

The microfilm project was
jointly financed by the Hoover
Institution, the University Li
brary, and the Food Research In
stitute. The films will be housed
in the Hoover Tower.
The Hoover Institution received
mircofilmed copies of the Confi
dential Prints of the British For
eign and Colonial Offices dealing
with Africa from 1870 to 1900 and
will receive the prints from 1900
to 1912 in the next several
months.
Since these Confidential Prints
are the single most valuable Af
rican resource in the United
Slates their possession can make
Stanford University one of the
leading American centers for his
torical research on Africa, the
Africa Curator, Dr. Peter Duig
nan, noted.
Since these documents were
virtually unedited, they reveal in
intimate fashion the workings of
the two offices. The collections
are available for study and micro
filming within the time limits laid
down by the “fifty-year secrecy
rule.” i.e., as far as the end of
1912.

The microfilm project was
jointly financed by the Hoover
Institution, the University Li
brary, and the Food Research In
stitute. The films will be housed
in the Hoover Tower.
The Hoover Institution received
mircofilmed copies of the Confi
dential Prints of the British For
eign and Colonial Offices dealing
with Africa from 1870 to 1900 and
will receive the prints from 1900
to 1912 in the next several
months.
Since these Confidential Prints
are the single most valuable Af
rican resource in the United
Slates their possession can make
Stanford University one of the
leading American centers for his
torical research on Africa, the
Africa Curator, Dr. Peter Duig
nan, noted.
Since these documents were
virtually unedited, they reveal in
intimate fashion the workings of
the two offices. The collections
are available for study and micro
filming within the time limits laid
down by the “fifty-year secrecy
rule.” i.e., as far as the end of
1912.

The microfilm project was
jointly financed by the Hoover
Institution, the University Li
brary, and the Food Research In
stitute. The films will be housed
in the Hoover Tower.
The Hoover Institution received
mircofilmed copies of the Confi
dential Prints of the British For
eign and Colonial Offices dealing
with Africa from 1870 to 1900 and
will receive the prints from 1900
to 1912 in the next several
months.
Since these Confidential Prints
are the single most valuable Af
rican resource in the United
Slates their possession can make
Stanford University one of the
leading American centers for his
torical research on Africa, the
Africa Curator, Dr. Peter Duig
nan, noted.
Since these documents were
virtually unedited, they reveal in
intimate fashion the workings of
the two offices. The collections
are available for study and micro
filming within the time limits laid
down by the “fifty-year secrecy
rule.” i.e., as far as the end of
1912.

The microfilm project was
jointly financed by the Hoover
Institution, the University Li
brary, and the Food Research In
stitute. The films will be housed
in the Hoover Tower.
The Hoover Institution received
mircofilmed copies of the Confi
dential Prints of the British For
eign and Colonial Offices dealing
with Africa from 1870 to 1900 and
will receive the prints from 1900
to 1912 in the next several
months.
Since these Confidential Prints
are the single most valuable Af
rican resource in the United
Slates their possession can make
Stanford University one of the
leading American centers for his
torical research on Africa, the
Africa Curator, Dr. Peter Duig
nan, noted.
Since these documents were
virtually unedited, they reveal in
intimate fashion the workings of
the two offices. The collections
are available for study and micro
filming within the time limits laid
down by the “fifty-year secrecy
rule.” i.e., as far as the end of
1912.

The microfilm project was
jointly financed by the Hoover
Institution, the University Li
brary, and the Food Research In
stitute. The films will be housed
in the Hoover Tower.
