# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Edwin Angell Cottrell, Dean of the
School of Social Sciences, is speaking
today in San Mateo to the Peninsula
Division of the California League of
Cities. His subject will be "Munici
pal Officials in Allied Military Gov
ernment."
Edwin Angell Cottrell, Dean of the
School of Social Sciences, is speaking
today in San Mateo to the Peninsula
Division of the California League of
Cities. His subject will be "Munici
pal Officials in Allied Military Gov
ernment."
Edwin Angell Cottrell, Dean of the
School of Social Sciences, is speaking
today in San Mateo to the Peninsula
Division of the California League of
Cities. His subject will be "Munici
pal Officials in Allied Military Gov
ernment."
Edwin Angell Cottrell, Dean of the
School of Social Sciences, is speaking
today in San Mateo to the Peninsula
Division of the California League of
Cities. His subject will be "Munici
pal Officials in Allied Military Gov
ernment."
Edwin Angell Cottrell, Dean of the
School of Social Sciences, is speaking
today in San Mateo to the Peninsula
Division of the California League of
Cities. His subject will be "Munici
pal Officials in Allied Military Gov
ernment."
Edwin Angell Cottrell, Dean of the
School of Social Sciences, is speaking
today in San Mateo to the Peninsula
Division of the California League of
Cities. His subject will be "Munici
pal Officials in Allied Military Gov
ernment."
Edwin Angell Cottrell, Dean of the
School of Social Sciences, is speaking
today in San Mateo to the Peninsula
Division of the California League of
Cities. His subject will be "Munici
pal Officials in Allied Military Gov
ernment."
Edwin Angell Cottrell, Dean of the
School of Social Sciences, is speaking
today in San Mateo to the Peninsula
Division of the California League of
Cities. His subject will be "Munici
pal Officials in Allied Military Gov
ernment."
Edwin Angell Cottrell, Dean of the
School of Social Sciences, is speaking
today in San Mateo to the Peninsula
Division of the California League of
Cities. His subject will be "Munici
pal Officials in Allied Military Gov
ernment."
Edwin Angell Cottrell, Dean of the
School of Social Sciences, is speaking
today in San Mateo to the Peninsula
Division of the California League of
Cities. His subject will be "Munici
pal Officials in Allied Military Gov
ernment."
Edwin Angell Cottrell, Dean of the
School of Social Sciences, is speaking
today in San Mateo to the Peninsula
Division of the California League of
Cities. His subject will be "Munici
pal Officials in Allied Military Gov
ernment."
Edwin Angell Cottrell, Dean of the
School of Social Sciences, is speaking
today in San Mateo to the Peninsula
Division of the California League of
Cities. His subject will be "Munici
pal Officials in Allied Military Gov
ernment."
Edwin Angell Cottrell, Dean of the
School of Social Sciences, is speaking
today in San Mateo to the Peninsula
Division of the California League of
Cities. His subject will be "Munici
pal Officials in Allied Military Gov
ernment."
Edwin Angell Cottrell, Dean of the
School of Social Sciences, is speaking
today in San Mateo to the Peninsula
Division of the California League of
Cities. His subject will be "Munici
pal Officials in Allied Military Gov
ernment."
Edwin Angell Cottrell, Dean of the
School of Social Sciences, is speaking
today in San Mateo to the Peninsula
Division of the California League of
Cities. His subject will be "Munici
pal Officials in Allied Military Gov
ernment."
Edwin Angell Cottrell, Dean of the
School of Social Sciences, is speaking
today in San Mateo to the Peninsula
Division of the California League of
Cities. His subject will be "Munici
pal Officials in Allied Military Gov
ernment."
Edwin Angell Cottrell, Dean of the
School of Social Sciences, is speaking
today in San Mateo to the Peninsula
Division of the California League of
Cities. His subject will be "Munici
pal Officials in Allied Military Gov
ernment."
