# Allied Planes Strike Jap Transports
## 
### United Press 
ALLIED H.Q., S.W. Pacific, Nov.
17. —Allied planes sank an 8,000-ton
enemy transport at Rabaul Sunday,
damaged another and forced a third
9,000-ton cargo ship to be beached,
Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur's com
munique said today, while Col. L. A.
Diller, Mac Arthur's official spokes
man, issued the most outspoken
statement yet made on the supply
question in the southwest Pacific.
Twenty Jap planes were shot down
Monday in a raid on Allied positions
in the Ramu valley where Australian
forces are driving north toward en
emy coastal bases.
Diller's statement on the supply
question revealed some of the cir
cumstances leading to Mac Arthur's
recent statement implying that his
conception of Pacific strategy had
been rejected in London and Wash
ington.
Diller, putting earlier repeated ap
peals for more aid for the southwest
Pacific in the proper perspective, re
vealed that Mac Arthur's command
has less than 5 per cent of American
military resources and is now re
ceiving something unde rlO per cent
ALLIED H.Q., S.W. Pacific, Nov.
17. —Allied planes sank an 8,000-ton
enemy transport at Rabaul Sunday,
damaged another and forced a third
9,000-ton cargo ship to be beached,
Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur's com
munique said today, while Col. L. A.
Diller, Mac Arthur's official spokes
man, issued the most outspoken
statement yet made on the supply
question in the southwest Pacific.
Twenty Jap planes were shot down
Monday in a raid on Allied positions
in the Ramu valley where Australian
forces are driving north toward en
emy coastal bases.
Diller's statement on the supply
question revealed some of the cir
cumstances leading to Mac Arthur's
recent statement implying that his
conception of Pacific strategy had
been rejected in London and Wash
ington.
Diller, putting earlier repeated ap
peals for more aid for the southwest
Pacific in the proper perspective, re
vealed that Mac Arthur's command
has less than 5 per cent of American
military resources and is now re
ceiving something unde rlO per cent
ALLIED H.Q., S.W. Pacific, Nov.
17. —Allied planes sank an 8,000-ton
enemy transport at Rabaul Sunday,
damaged another and forced a third
9,000-ton cargo ship to be beached,
Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur's com
munique said today, while Col. L. A.
Diller, Mac Arthur's official spokes
man, issued the most outspoken
statement yet made on the supply
question in the southwest Pacific.
Twenty Jap planes were shot down
Monday in a raid on Allied positions
in the Ramu valley where Australian
forces are driving north toward en
emy coastal bases.
Diller's statement on the supply
question revealed some of the cir
cumstances leading to Mac Arthur's
recent statement implying that his
conception of Pacific strategy had
been rejected in London and Wash
ington.
Diller, putting earlier repeated ap
peals for more aid for the southwest
Pacific in the proper perspective, re
vealed that Mac Arthur's command
has less than 5 per cent of American
military resources and is now re
ceiving something unde rlO per cent
ALLIED H.Q., S.W. Pacific, Nov.
17. —Allied planes sank an 8,000-ton
enemy transport at Rabaul Sunday,
damaged another and forced a third
9,000-ton cargo ship to be beached,
Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur's com
munique said today, while Col. L. A.
Diller, Mac Arthur's official spokes
man, issued the most outspoken
statement yet made on the supply
question in the southwest Pacific.
Twenty Jap planes were shot down
Monday in a raid on Allied positions
in the Ramu valley where Australian
forces are driving north toward en
emy coastal bases.
Diller's statement on the supply
question revealed some of the cir
cumstances leading to Mac Arthur's
recent statement implying that his
conception of Pacific strategy had
been rejected in London and Wash
ington.
Diller, putting earlier repeated ap
peals for more aid for the southwest
Pacific in the proper perspective, re
vealed that Mac Arthur's command
has less than 5 per cent of American
military resources and is now re
ceiving something unde rlO per cent
ALLIED H.Q., S.W. Pacific, Nov.
17. —Allied planes sank an 8,000-ton
enemy transport at Rabaul Sunday,
damaged another and forced a third
9,000-ton cargo ship to be beached,
Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur's com
munique said today, while Col. L. A.
Diller, Mac Arthur's official spokes
man, issued the most outspoken
statement yet made on the supply
question in the southwest Pacific.
Twenty Jap planes were shot down
Monday in a raid on Allied positions
in the Ramu valley where Australian
forces are driving north toward en
emy coastal bases.
Diller's statement on the supply
question revealed some of the cir
cumstances leading to Mac Arthur's
recent statement implying that his
conception of Pacific strategy had
been rejected in London and Wash
ington.
Diller, putting earlier repeated ap
peals for more aid for the southwest
Pacific in the proper perspective, re
vealed that Mac Arthur's command
has less than 5 per cent of American
military resources and is now re
ceiving something unde rlO per cent
ALLIED H.Q., S.W. Pacific, Nov.
17. —Allied planes sank an 8,000-ton
enemy transport at Rabaul Sunday,
damaged another and forced a third
9,000-ton cargo ship to be beached,
Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur's com
munique said today, while Col. L. A.
Diller, Mac Arthur's official spokes
man, issued the most outspoken
statement yet made on the supply
question in the southwest Pacific.
Twenty Jap planes were shot down
Monday in a raid on Allied positions
in the Ramu valley where Australian
forces are driving north toward en
emy coastal bases.
Diller's statement on the supply
question revealed some of the cir
cumstances leading to Mac Arthur's
recent statement implying that his
conception of Pacific strategy had
been rejected in London and Wash
ington.
Diller, putting earlier repeated ap
peals for more aid for the southwest
Pacific in the proper perspective, re
vealed that Mac Arthur's command
has less than 5 per cent of American
military resources and is now re
ceiving something unde rlO per cent
ALLIED H.Q., S.W. Pacific, Nov.
17. —Allied planes sank an 8,000-ton
enemy transport at Rabaul Sunday,
damaged another and forced a third
9,000-ton cargo ship to be beached,
Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur's com
munique said today, while Col. L. A.
Diller, Mac Arthur's official spokes
man, issued the most outspoken
statement yet made on the supply
question in the southwest Pacific.
Twenty Jap planes were shot down
Monday in a raid on Allied positions
in the Ramu valley where Australian
forces are driving north toward en
emy coastal bases.
Diller's statement on the supply
question revealed some of the cir
cumstances leading to Mac Arthur's
recent statement implying that his
conception of Pacific strategy had
been rejected in London and Wash
ington.
Diller, putting earlier repeated ap
peals for more aid for the southwest
Pacific in the proper perspective, re
vealed that Mac Arthur's command
has less than 5 per cent of American
military resources and is now re
ceiving something unde rlO per cent
ALLIED H.Q., S.W. Pacific, Nov.
17. —Allied planes sank an 8,000-ton
enemy transport at Rabaul Sunday,
damaged another and forced a third
9,000-ton cargo ship to be beached,
Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur's com
munique said today, while Col. L. A.
Diller, Mac Arthur's official spokes
man, issued the most outspoken
statement yet made on the supply
question in the southwest Pacific.
Twenty Jap planes were shot down
Monday in a raid on Allied positions
in the Ramu valley where Australian
forces are driving north toward en
emy coastal bases.
Diller's statement on the supply
question revealed some of the cir
cumstances leading to Mac Arthur's
recent statement implying that his
conception of Pacific strategy had
been rejected in London and Wash
ington.
Diller, putting earlier repeated ap
peals for more aid for the southwest
Pacific in the proper perspective, re
vealed that Mac Arthur's command
has less than 5 per cent of American
military resources and is now re
ceiving something unde rlO per cent
ALLIED H.Q., S.W. Pacific, Nov.
17. —Allied planes sank an 8,000-ton
enemy transport at Rabaul Sunday,
damaged another and forced a third
9,000-ton cargo ship to be beached,
Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur's com
munique said today, while Col. L. A.
Diller, Mac Arthur's official spokes
man, issued the most outspoken
statement yet made on the supply
question in the southwest Pacific.
Twenty Jap planes were shot down
Monday in a raid on Allied positions
in the Ramu valley where Australian
forces are driving north toward en
emy coastal bases.
Diller's statement on the supply
question revealed some of the cir
cumstances leading to Mac Arthur's
recent statement implying that his
conception of Pacific strategy had
been rejected in London and Wash
ington.
Diller, putting earlier repeated ap
peals for more aid for the southwest
Pacific in the proper perspective, re
vealed that Mac Arthur's command
has less than 5 per cent of American
military resources and is now re
ceiving something unde rlO per cent
ALLIED H.Q., S.W. Pacific, Nov.
17. —Allied planes sank an 8,000-ton
enemy transport at Rabaul Sunday,
damaged another and forced a third
9,000-ton cargo ship to be beached,
Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur's com
munique said today, while Col. L. A.
Diller, Mac Arthur's official spokes
man, issued the most outspoken
statement yet made on the supply
question in the southwest Pacific.
Twenty Jap planes were shot down
Monday in a raid on Allied positions
in the Ramu valley where Australian
forces are driving north toward en
emy coastal bases.
Diller's statement on the supply
question revealed some of the cir
cumstances leading to Mac Arthur's
recent statement implying that his
conception of Pacific strategy had
been rejected in London and Wash
ington.
Diller, putting earlier repeated ap
peals for more aid for the southwest
Pacific in the proper perspective, re
vealed that Mac Arthur's command
has less than 5 per cent of American
military resources and is now re
ceiving something unde rlO per cent
ALLIED H.Q., S.W. Pacific, Nov.
17. —Allied planes sank an 8,000-ton
enemy transport at Rabaul Sunday,
damaged another and forced a third
9,000-ton cargo ship to be beached,
Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur's com
munique said today, while Col. L. A.
Diller, Mac Arthur's official spokes
man, issued the most outspoken
statement yet made on the supply
question in the southwest Pacific.
Twenty Jap planes were shot down
Monday in a raid on Allied positions
in the Ramu valley where Australian
forces are driving north toward en
emy coastal bases.
Diller's statement on the supply
question revealed some of the cir
cumstances leading to Mac Arthur's
recent statement implying that his
conception of Pacific strategy had
been rejected in London and Wash
ington.
Diller, putting earlier repeated ap
peals for more aid for the southwest
Pacific in the proper perspective, re
vealed that Mac Arthur's command
has less than 5 per cent of American
military resources and is now re
ceiving something unde rlO per cent
ALLIED H.Q., S.W. Pacific, Nov.
17. —Allied planes sank an 8,000-ton
enemy transport at Rabaul Sunday,
damaged another and forced a third
9,000-ton cargo ship to be beached,
Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur's com
munique said today, while Col. L. A.
Diller, Mac Arthur's official spokes
man, issued the most outspoken
statement yet made on the supply
question in the southwest Pacific.
Twenty Jap planes were shot down
Monday in a raid on Allied positions
in the Ramu valley where Australian
forces are driving north toward en
emy coastal bases.
Diller's statement on the supply
question revealed some of the cir
cumstances leading to Mac Arthur's
recent statement implying that his
conception of Pacific strategy had
been rejected in London and Wash
ington.
Diller, putting earlier repeated ap
peals for more aid for the southwest
Pacific in the proper perspective, re
vealed that Mac Arthur's command
has less than 5 per cent of American
military resources and is now re
ceiving something unde rlO per cent
ALLIED H.Q., S.W. Pacific, Nov.
17. —Allied planes sank an 8,000-ton
enemy transport at Rabaul Sunday,
damaged another and forced a third
9,000-ton cargo ship to be beached,
Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur's com
munique said today, while Col. L. A.
Diller, Mac Arthur's official spokes
man, issued the most outspoken
statement yet made on the supply
question in the southwest Pacific.
Twenty Jap planes were shot down
Monday in a raid on Allied positions
in the Ramu valley where Australian
forces are driving north toward en
emy coastal bases.
Diller's statement on the supply
question revealed some of the cir
cumstances leading to Mac Arthur's
recent statement implying that his
conception of Pacific strategy had
been rejected in London and Wash
ington.
Diller, putting earlier repeated ap
peals for more aid for the southwest
Pacific in the proper perspective, re
vealed that Mac Arthur's command
has less than 5 per cent of American
military resources and is now re
ceiving something unde rlO per cent
ALLIED H.Q., S.W. Pacific, Nov.
17. —Allied planes sank an 8,000-ton
enemy transport at Rabaul Sunday,
damaged another and forced a third
9,000-ton cargo ship to be beached,
Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur's com
munique said today, while Col. L. A.
Diller, Mac Arthur's official spokes
man, issued the most outspoken
statement yet made on the supply
question in the southwest Pacific.
Twenty Jap planes were shot down
Monday in a raid on Allied positions
in the Ramu valley where Australian
forces are driving north toward en
emy coastal bases.
Diller's statement on the supply
question revealed some of the cir
cumstances leading to Mac Arthur's
recent statement implying that his
conception of Pacific strategy had
been rejected in London and Wash
ington.
Diller, putting earlier repeated ap
peals for more aid for the southwest
Pacific in the proper perspective, re
vealed that Mac Arthur's command
has less than 5 per cent of American
military resources and is now re
ceiving something unde rlO per cent
ALLIED H.Q., S.W. Pacific, Nov.
17. —Allied planes sank an 8,000-ton
enemy transport at Rabaul Sunday,
damaged another and forced a third
9,000-ton cargo ship to be beached,
Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur's com
munique said today, while Col. L. A.
Diller, Mac Arthur's official spokes
man, issued the most outspoken
statement yet made on the supply
question in the southwest Pacific.
Twenty Jap planes were shot down
Monday in a raid on Allied positions
in the Ramu valley where Australian
forces are driving north toward en
emy coastal bases.
Diller's statement on the supply
question revealed some of the cir
cumstances leading to Mac Arthur's
recent statement implying that his
conception of Pacific strategy had
been rejected in London and Wash
ington.
Diller, putting earlier repeated ap
peals for more aid for the southwest
Pacific in the proper perspective, re
vealed that Mac Arthur's command
has less than 5 per cent of American
military resources and is now re
ceiving something unde rlO per cent
ALLIED H.Q., S.W. Pacific, Nov.
17. —Allied planes sank an 8,000-ton
enemy transport at Rabaul Sunday,
damaged another and forced a third
9,000-ton cargo ship to be beached,
Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur's com
munique said today, while Col. L. A.
Diller, Mac Arthur's official spokes
man, issued the most outspoken
statement yet made on the supply
question in the southwest Pacific.
Twenty Jap planes were shot down
Monday in a raid on Allied positions
in the Ramu valley where Australian
forces are driving north toward en
emy coastal bases.
Diller's statement on the supply
question revealed some of the cir
cumstances leading to Mac Arthur's
recent statement implying that his
conception of Pacific strategy had
been rejected in London and Wash
ington.
Diller, putting earlier repeated ap
peals for more aid for the southwest
Pacific in the proper perspective, re
vealed that Mac Arthur's command
has less than 5 per cent of American
military resources and is now re
ceiving something unde rlO per cent
ALLIED H.Q., S.W. Pacific, Nov.
17. —Allied planes sank an 8,000-ton
enemy transport at Rabaul Sunday,
damaged another and forced a third
9,000-ton cargo ship to be beached,
Gen. Douglas Mac Arthur's com
munique said today, while Col. L. A.
Diller, Mac Arthur's official spokes
man, issued the most outspoken
statement yet made on the supply
question in the southwest Pacific.
Twenty Jap planes were shot down
Monday in a raid on Allied positions
in the Ramu valley where Australian
forces are driving north toward en
emy coastal bases.
Diller's statement on the supply
question revealed some of the cir
cumstances leading to Mac Arthur's
recent statement implying that his
conception of Pacific strategy had
been rejected in London and Wash
ington.
Diller, putting earlier repeated ap
peals for more aid for the southwest
Pacific in the proper perspective, re
vealed that Mac Arthur's command
has less than 5 per cent of American
military resources and is now re
ceiving something unde rlO per cent
