# THANKSGIVING FAVORS.
## 
### 
Natural looking minature turltey
boxes filled with candies, candy plum
puddings decked with holly and other
appropriate favors for the Thanks
giving feast. At Geo. Haas & Sons'
four candy stores in San Francisco:
Phelan Building, Fillmore at Ellis,
Van Ness at Sutter and 2S Market
street, near Ferry.
Natural looking minature turltey
boxes filled with candies, candy plum
puddings decked with holly and other
appropriate favors for the Thanks
giving feast. At Geo. Haas & Sons'
four candy stores in San Francisco:
Phelan Building, Fillmore at Ellis,
Van Ness at Sutter and 2S Market
street, near Ferry.
Natural looking minature turltey
boxes filled with candies, candy plum
puddings decked with holly and other
appropriate favors for the Thanks
giving feast. At Geo. Haas & Sons'
four candy stores in San Francisco:
Phelan Building, Fillmore at Ellis,
Van Ness at Sutter and 2S Market
street, near Ferry.
Natural looking minature turltey
boxes filled with candies, candy plum
puddings decked with holly and other
appropriate favors for the Thanks
giving feast. At Geo. Haas & Sons'
four candy stores in San Francisco:
Phelan Building, Fillmore at Ellis,
Van Ness at Sutter and 2S Market
street, near Ferry.
Natural looking minature turltey
boxes filled with candies, candy plum
puddings decked with holly and other
appropriate favors for the Thanks
giving feast. At Geo. Haas & Sons'
four candy stores in San Francisco:
Phelan Building, Fillmore at Ellis,
Van Ness at Sutter and 2S Market
street, near Ferry.
Natural looking minature turltey
boxes filled with candies, candy plum
puddings decked with holly and other
appropriate favors for the Thanks
giving feast. At Geo. Haas & Sons'
four candy stores in San Francisco:
Phelan Building, Fillmore at Ellis,
Van Ness at Sutter and 2S Market
street, near Ferry.
Natural looking minature turltey
boxes filled with candies, candy plum
puddings decked with holly and other
appropriate favors for the Thanks
giving feast. At Geo. Haas & Sons'
four candy stores in San Francisco:
Phelan Building, Fillmore at Ellis,
Van Ness at Sutter and 2S Market
street, near Ferry.
Natural looking minature turltey
boxes filled with candies, candy plum
puddings decked with holly and other
appropriate favors for the Thanks
giving feast. At Geo. Haas & Sons'
four candy stores in San Francisco:
Phelan Building, Fillmore at Ellis,
Van Ness at Sutter and 2S Market
street, near Ferry.
Natural looking minature turltey
boxes filled with candies, candy plum
puddings decked with holly and other
appropriate favors for the Thanks
giving feast. At Geo. Haas & Sons'
four candy stores in San Francisco:
Phelan Building, Fillmore at Ellis,
Van Ness at Sutter and 2S Market
street, near Ferry.
Natural looking minature turltey
boxes filled with candies, candy plum
puddings decked with holly and other
appropriate favors for the Thanks
giving feast. At Geo. Haas & Sons'
four candy stores in San Francisco:
Phelan Building, Fillmore at Ellis,
Van Ness at Sutter and 2S Market
street, near Ferry.
Natural looking minature turltey
boxes filled with candies, candy plum
puddings decked with holly and other
appropriate favors for the Thanks
giving feast. At Geo. Haas & Sons'
four candy stores in San Francisco:
Phelan Building, Fillmore at Ellis,
Van Ness at Sutter and 2S Market
street, near Ferry.
