# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Branner Hall announces the en- i
gagement of Jeanne C. Maurer to
Robert E. Shutes. Miss Maurer is a j
graduate of Wellesley College and i.s
a resident assistant at Branner. i
Branner Hall announces the en- i
gagement of Jeanne C. Maurer to
Robert E. Shutes. Miss Maurer is a j
graduate of Wellesley College and i.s
a resident assistant at Branner. i
Branner Hall announces the en- i
gagement of Jeanne C. Maurer to
Robert E. Shutes. Miss Maurer is a j
graduate of Wellesley College and i.s
a resident assistant at Branner. i
Branner Hall announces the en- i
gagement of Jeanne C. Maurer to
Robert E. Shutes. Miss Maurer is a j
graduate of Wellesley College and i.s
a resident assistant at Branner. i
Branner Hall announces the en- i
gagement of Jeanne C. Maurer to
Robert E. Shutes. Miss Maurer is a j
graduate of Wellesley College and i.s
a resident assistant at Branner. i
Branner Hall announces the en- i
gagement of Jeanne C. Maurer to
Robert E. Shutes. Miss Maurer is a j
graduate of Wellesley College and i.s
a resident assistant at Branner. i
Branner Hall announces the en- i
gagement of Jeanne C. Maurer to
Robert E. Shutes. Miss Maurer is a j
graduate of Wellesley College and i.s
a resident assistant at Branner. i
Branner Hall announces the en- i
gagement of Jeanne C. Maurer to
Robert E. Shutes. Miss Maurer is a j
graduate of Wellesley College and i.s
a resident assistant at Branner. i
Branner Hall announces the en- i
gagement of Jeanne C. Maurer to
Robert E. Shutes. Miss Maurer is a j
graduate of Wellesley College and i.s
a resident assistant at Branner. i
Branner Hall announces the en- i
gagement of Jeanne C. Maurer to
Robert E. Shutes. Miss Maurer is a j
graduate of Wellesley College and i.s
a resident assistant at Branner. i
Branner Hall announces the en- i
gagement of Jeanne C. Maurer to
Robert E. Shutes. Miss Maurer is a j
graduate of Wellesley College and i.s
a resident assistant at Branner. i
Branner Hall announces the en- i
gagement of Jeanne C. Maurer to
Robert E. Shutes. Miss Maurer is a j
graduate of Wellesley College and i.s
a resident assistant at Branner. i
Branner Hall announces the en- i
gagement of Jeanne C. Maurer to
Robert E. Shutes. Miss Maurer is a j
graduate of Wellesley College and i.s
a resident assistant at Branner. i
Branner Hall announces the en- i
gagement of Jeanne C. Maurer to
Robert E. Shutes. Miss Maurer is a j
graduate of Wellesley College and i.s
a resident assistant at Branner. i
