# 'I' Club Will Meet To Elect '50 Head
## 
### 
The"I" Club w'ill meet at 7 p.m.
Wednesday in the Nitery to elect a
president and discuss other busi
ness. All Stanford students inter
ested in joining thr club and pat
ticipating in its activities arc in
vited
The club is the oldest group in the
Institute of International Relations
Primarily a social group, it plans
discussion meetings, movies, pi < •
nics. tours, and dances to bring to
gether foreign and American stu
dents.
The"I" Club w'ill meet at 7 p.m.
Wednesday in the Nitery to elect a
president and discuss other busi
ness. All Stanford students inter
ested in joining thr club and pat
ticipating in its activities arc in
vited
The club is the oldest group in the
Institute of International Relations
Primarily a social group, it plans
discussion meetings, movies, pi < •
nics. tours, and dances to bring to
gether foreign and American stu
dents.
The"I" Club w'ill meet at 7 p.m.
Wednesday in the Nitery to elect a
president and discuss other busi
ness. All Stanford students inter
ested in joining thr club and pat
ticipating in its activities arc in
vited
The club is the oldest group in the
Institute of International Relations
Primarily a social group, it plans
discussion meetings, movies, pi < •
nics. tours, and dances to bring to
gether foreign and American stu
dents.
The"I" Club w'ill meet at 7 p.m.
Wednesday in the Nitery to elect a
president and discuss other busi
ness. All Stanford students inter
ested in joining thr club and pat
ticipating in its activities arc in
vited
The club is the oldest group in the
Institute of International Relations
Primarily a social group, it plans
discussion meetings, movies, pi < •
nics. tours, and dances to bring to
gether foreign and American stu
dents.
The"I" Club w'ill meet at 7 p.m.
Wednesday in the Nitery to elect a
president and discuss other busi
ness. All Stanford students inter
ested in joining thr club and pat
ticipating in its activities arc in
vited
The club is the oldest group in the
Institute of International Relations
Primarily a social group, it plans
discussion meetings, movies, pi < •
nics. tours, and dances to bring to
gether foreign and American stu
dents.
The"I" Club w'ill meet at 7 p.m.
Wednesday in the Nitery to elect a
president and discuss other busi
ness. All Stanford students inter
ested in joining thr club and pat
ticipating in its activities arc in
vited
The club is the oldest group in the
Institute of International Relations
Primarily a social group, it plans
discussion meetings, movies, pi < •
nics. tours, and dances to bring to
gether foreign and American stu
dents.
The"I" Club w'ill meet at 7 p.m.
Wednesday in the Nitery to elect a
president and discuss other busi
ness. All Stanford students inter
ested in joining thr club and pat
ticipating in its activities arc in
vited
The club is the oldest group in the
Institute of International Relations
Primarily a social group, it plans
discussion meetings, movies, pi < •
nics. tours, and dances to bring to
gether foreign and American stu
dents.
The"I" Club w'ill meet at 7 p.m.
Wednesday in the Nitery to elect a
president and discuss other busi
ness. All Stanford students inter
ested in joining thr club and pat
ticipating in its activities arc in
vited
The club is the oldest group in the
Institute of International Relations
Primarily a social group, it plans
discussion meetings, movies, pi < •
nics. tours, and dances to bring to
gether foreign and American stu
dents.
The"I" Club w'ill meet at 7 p.m.
Wednesday in the Nitery to elect a
president and discuss other busi
ness. All Stanford students inter
ested in joining thr club and pat
ticipating in its activities arc in
vited
The club is the oldest group in the
Institute of International Relations
Primarily a social group, it plans
discussion meetings, movies, pi < •
nics. tours, and dances to bring to
gether foreign and American stu
dents.
The"I" Club w'ill meet at 7 p.m.
Wednesday in the Nitery to elect a
president and discuss other busi
ness. All Stanford students inter
ested in joining thr club and pat
ticipating in its activities arc in
vited
The club is the oldest group in the
Institute of International Relations
Primarily a social group, it plans
discussion meetings, movies, pi < •
nics. tours, and dances to bring to
gether foreign and American stu
dents.
The"I" Club w'ill meet at 7 p.m.
Wednesday in the Nitery to elect a
president and discuss other busi
ness. All Stanford students inter
ested in joining thr club and pat
ticipating in its activities arc in
vited
The club is the oldest group in the
Institute of International Relations
Primarily a social group, it plans
discussion meetings, movies, pi < •
nics. tours, and dances to bring to
gether foreign and American stu
dents.
The"I" Club w'ill meet at 7 p.m.
Wednesday in the Nitery to elect a
president and discuss other busi
ness. All Stanford students inter
ested in joining thr club and pat
ticipating in its activities arc in
vited
The club is the oldest group in the
Institute of International Relations
Primarily a social group, it plans
discussion meetings, movies, pi < •
nics. tours, and dances to bring to
gether foreign and American stu
dents.
The"I" Club w'ill meet at 7 p.m.
Wednesday in the Nitery to elect a
president and discuss other busi
ness. All Stanford students inter
ested in joining thr club and pat
ticipating in its activities arc in
vited
The club is the oldest group in the
Institute of International Relations
Primarily a social group, it plans
discussion meetings, movies, pi < •
nics. tours, and dances to bring to
gether foreign and American stu
dents.
The"I" Club w'ill meet at 7 p.m.
Wednesday in the Nitery to elect a
president and discuss other busi
ness. All Stanford students inter
ested in joining thr club and pat
ticipating in its activities arc in
vited
The club is the oldest group in the
Institute of International Relations
Primarily a social group, it plans
discussion meetings, movies, pi < •
nics. tours, and dances to bring to
gether foreign and American stu
dents.
