# Professor Smith Returns.
## 
### 
Professor A. W. Smith, liead of
the Department of Mechanical En
gineering, has returned to resume
college work after spending the
summer in the employ of the West
inghouse, Church and Kerr Elec
trical Company of New York.
Professor Smith had charge of the
engineering work of the eastern
company.
Professor A. W. Smith, liead of
the Department of Mechanical En
gineering, has returned to resume
college work after spending the
summer in the employ of the West
inghouse, Church and Kerr Elec
trical Company of New York.
Professor Smith had charge of the
engineering work of the eastern
company.
Professor A. W. Smith, liead of
the Department of Mechanical En
gineering, has returned to resume
college work after spending the
summer in the employ of the West
inghouse, Church and Kerr Elec
trical Company of New York.
Professor Smith had charge of the
engineering work of the eastern
company.
Professor A. W. Smith, liead of
the Department of Mechanical En
gineering, has returned to resume
college work after spending the
summer in the employ of the West
inghouse, Church and Kerr Elec
trical Company of New York.
Professor Smith had charge of the
engineering work of the eastern
company.
Professor A. W. Smith, liead of
the Department of Mechanical En
gineering, has returned to resume
college work after spending the
summer in the employ of the West
inghouse, Church and Kerr Elec
trical Company of New York.
Professor Smith had charge of the
engineering work of the eastern
company.
Professor A. W. Smith, liead of
the Department of Mechanical En
gineering, has returned to resume
college work after spending the
summer in the employ of the West
inghouse, Church and Kerr Elec
trical Company of New York.
Professor Smith had charge of the
engineering work of the eastern
company.
Professor A. W. Smith, liead of
the Department of Mechanical En
gineering, has returned to resume
college work after spending the
summer in the employ of the West
inghouse, Church and Kerr Elec
trical Company of New York.
Professor Smith had charge of the
engineering work of the eastern
company.
