# UNDER THE WEATHER
## 
### 
Palo Alto Hospital—Jane W. Sa
very.
Isolation Hospital—No patients.
Palo Alto Hospital—Jane W. Sa
very.
Isolation Hospital—No patients.
Palo Alto Hospital—Jane W. Sa
very.
Isolation Hospital—No patients.
Palo Alto Hospital—Jane W. Sa
very.
Isolation Hospital—No patients.
Palo Alto Hospital—Jane W. Sa
very.
Isolation Hospital—No patients.
Palo Alto Hospital—Jane W. Sa
very.
Isolation Hospital—No patients.
Palo Alto Hospital—Jane W. Sa
very.
Isolation Hospital—No patients.
Palo Alto Hospital—Jane W. Sa
very.
Isolation Hospital—No patients.
Palo Alto Hospital—Jane W. Sa
very.
Isolation Hospital—No patients.
Palo Alto Hospital—Jane W. Sa
very.
Isolation Hospital—No patients.
Palo Alto Hospital—Jane W. Sa
very.
Isolation Hospital—No patients.
Palo Alto Hospital—Jane W. Sa
very.
Isolation Hospital—No patients.
Palo Alto Hospital—Jane W. Sa
very.
Isolation Hospital—No patients.
Palo Alto Hospital—Jane W. Sa
very.
Isolation Hospital—No patients.
Palo Alto Hospital—Jane W. Sa
very.
Isolation Hospital—No patients.
Palo Alto Hospital—Jane W. Sa
very.
Isolation Hospital—No patients.
