# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The proposed trip of the (ilee
and Mandolin Clubs during Easter
vacation is expected by the treas
urer not only to satisfy the debt
sta tiding against the musical organ
izations from the Northern trip,
but also to add a considerable sum
to the student body treasury. The
work of the clubs to pay this debt
since their return from the North
is very creditable. Although their
obligation to the student body was
doubtless some incentive to hard
work, thev have shown the proper
spirit and should be commended
for it. Practise has been held
every day and the clubs are in good
condition. The training of this
trip should put them in fine shape
to meet Berkeley in the musical
contest next month.
