# Varsity vs. Santa Clara
## 
### 
The first League game takes place
tomorrow between Santa Clara and
the Varsity. The game will begin
promptly at 2:30 p.m. and promises
to be interesting and exciting
throughout. The Santa Clara boys
are eager to gain another victory
over Stanford and are also very de
sirous of winning the champion
ship of the League. The Santa
Clara team will be made upas in
their first game on the campus,
while our team has been consider
ably strengthened. The Varsity
for tomorrow's game is as follows:
Jeffs, c; Beckett, p; Young, lb; C.
Strohn, 2b; Sharp or Clemans, 3b;
Lougheed, ss; Thompson, rf; Free
man, cf; Wight, If. The admission
is twenty-five cents.
The first League game takes place
tomorrow between Santa Clara and
the Varsity. The game will begin
promptly at 2:30 p.m. and promises
to be interesting and exciting
throughout. The Santa Clara boys
are eager to gain another victory
over Stanford and are also very de
sirous of winning the champion
ship of the League. The Santa
Clara team will be made upas in
their first game on the campus,
while our team has been consider
ably strengthened. The Varsity
for tomorrow's game is as follows:
Jeffs, c; Beckett, p; Young, lb; C.
Strohn, 2b; Sharp or Clemans, 3b;
Lougheed, ss; Thompson, rf; Free
man, cf; Wight, If. The admission
is twenty-five cents.
The first League game takes place
tomorrow between Santa Clara and
the Varsity. The game will begin
promptly at 2:30 p.m. and promises
to be interesting and exciting
throughout. The Santa Clara boys
are eager to gain another victory
over Stanford and are also very de
sirous of winning the champion
ship of the League. The Santa
Clara team will be made upas in
their first game on the campus,
while our team has been consider
ably strengthened. The Varsity
for tomorrow's game is as follows:
Jeffs, c; Beckett, p; Young, lb; C.
Strohn, 2b; Sharp or Clemans, 3b;
Lougheed, ss; Thompson, rf; Free
man, cf; Wight, If. The admission
is twenty-five cents.
The first League game takes place
tomorrow between Santa Clara and
the Varsity. The game will begin
promptly at 2:30 p.m. and promises
to be interesting and exciting
throughout. The Santa Clara boys
are eager to gain another victory
over Stanford and are also very de
sirous of winning the champion
ship of the League. The Santa
Clara team will be made upas in
their first game on the campus,
while our team has been consider
ably strengthened. The Varsity
for tomorrow's game is as follows:
Jeffs, c; Beckett, p; Young, lb; C.
Strohn, 2b; Sharp or Clemans, 3b;
Lougheed, ss; Thompson, rf; Free
man, cf; Wight, If. The admission
is twenty-five cents.
The first League game takes place
tomorrow between Santa Clara and
the Varsity. The game will begin
promptly at 2:30 p.m. and promises
to be interesting and exciting
throughout. The Santa Clara boys
are eager to gain another victory
over Stanford and are also very de
sirous of winning the champion
ship of the League. The Santa
Clara team will be made upas in
their first game on the campus,
while our team has been consider
ably strengthened. The Varsity
for tomorrow's game is as follows:
Jeffs, c; Beckett, p; Young, lb; C.
Strohn, 2b; Sharp or Clemans, 3b;
Lougheed, ss; Thompson, rf; Free
man, cf; Wight, If. The admission
is twenty-five cents.
