# Mrs. F.C. Woodward Gives Recital.
## 
### 
The women of the University and
members of the Faculty were enter
tained at a recital in Roble Hall yes
terday evening by Mrs. F. C. Wood
ward. The recital was given for the
purpose of enlightening music lovers
on Paderewski and his compositions
before the appearance of the great
pianist here Thursday evening. Mrs.
Woodward gave a sketch of his life
and interpreted some of his more
important compositions.
The women of the University and
members of the Faculty were enter
tained at a recital in Roble Hall yes
terday evening by Mrs. F. C. Wood
ward. The recital was given for the
purpose of enlightening music lovers
on Paderewski and his compositions
before the appearance of the great
pianist here Thursday evening. Mrs.
Woodward gave a sketch of his life
and interpreted some of his more
important compositions.
The women of the University and
members of the Faculty were enter
tained at a recital in Roble Hall yes
terday evening by Mrs. F. C. Wood
ward. The recital was given for the
purpose of enlightening music lovers
on Paderewski and his compositions
before the appearance of the great
pianist here Thursday evening. Mrs.
Woodward gave a sketch of his life
and interpreted some of his more
important compositions.
The women of the University and
members of the Faculty were enter
tained at a recital in Roble Hall yes
terday evening by Mrs. F. C. Wood
ward. The recital was given for the
purpose of enlightening music lovers
on Paderewski and his compositions
before the appearance of the great
pianist here Thursday evening. Mrs.
Woodward gave a sketch of his life
and interpreted some of his more
important compositions.
The women of the University and
members of the Faculty were enter
tained at a recital in Roble Hall yes
terday evening by Mrs. F. C. Wood
ward. The recital was given for the
purpose of enlightening music lovers
on Paderewski and his compositions
before the appearance of the great
pianist here Thursday evening. Mrs.
Woodward gave a sketch of his life
and interpreted some of his more
important compositions.
The women of the University and
members of the Faculty were enter
tained at a recital in Roble Hall yes
terday evening by Mrs. F. C. Wood
ward. The recital was given for the
purpose of enlightening music lovers
on Paderewski and his compositions
before the appearance of the great
pianist here Thursday evening. Mrs.
Woodward gave a sketch of his life
and interpreted some of his more
important compositions.
The women of the University and
members of the Faculty were enter
tained at a recital in Roble Hall yes
terday evening by Mrs. F. C. Wood
ward. The recital was given for the
purpose of enlightening music lovers
on Paderewski and his compositions
before the appearance of the great
pianist here Thursday evening. Mrs.
Woodward gave a sketch of his life
and interpreted some of his more
important compositions.
The women of the University and
members of the Faculty were enter
tained at a recital in Roble Hall yes
terday evening by Mrs. F. C. Wood
ward. The recital was given for the
purpose of enlightening music lovers
on Paderewski and his compositions
before the appearance of the great
pianist here Thursday evening. Mrs.
Woodward gave a sketch of his life
and interpreted some of his more
important compositions.
The women of the University and
members of the Faculty were enter
tained at a recital in Roble Hall yes
terday evening by Mrs. F. C. Wood
ward. The recital was given for the
purpose of enlightening music lovers
on Paderewski and his compositions
before the appearance of the great
pianist here Thursday evening. Mrs.
Woodward gave a sketch of his life
and interpreted some of his more
important compositions.
The women of the University and
members of the Faculty were enter
tained at a recital in Roble Hall yes
terday evening by Mrs. F. C. Wood
ward. The recital was given for the
purpose of enlightening music lovers
on Paderewski and his compositions
before the appearance of the great
pianist here Thursday evening. Mrs.
Woodward gave a sketch of his life
and interpreted some of his more
important compositions.
