# Card-Husky Films To Be Shown Tonight
## 
### 
Movies of Stanford's 13.-7 vic
tory over Iho Universtiy of Wash
ington will be shown at 7:15 to
night in Cubbcrley Auditorium.
Cardinals sponsors the weekly
showing of football game films
free of charge.
Movies of Stanford's 13.-7 vic
tory over Iho Universtiy of Wash
ington will be shown at 7:15 to
night in Cubbcrley Auditorium.
Cardinals sponsors the weekly
showing of football game films
free of charge.
Movies of Stanford's 13.-7 vic
tory over Iho Universtiy of Wash
ington will be shown at 7:15 to
night in Cubbcrley Auditorium.
Cardinals sponsors the weekly
showing of football game films
free of charge.
Movies of Stanford's 13.-7 vic
tory over Iho Universtiy of Wash
ington will be shown at 7:15 to
night in Cubbcrley Auditorium.
Cardinals sponsors the weekly
showing of football game films
free of charge.
Movies of Stanford's 13.-7 vic
tory over Iho Universtiy of Wash
ington will be shown at 7:15 to
night in Cubbcrley Auditorium.
Cardinals sponsors the weekly
showing of football game films
free of charge.
Movies of Stanford's 13.-7 vic
tory over Iho Universtiy of Wash
ington will be shown at 7:15 to
night in Cubbcrley Auditorium.
Cardinals sponsors the weekly
showing of football game films
free of charge.
Movies of Stanford's 13.-7 vic
tory over Iho Universtiy of Wash
ington will be shown at 7:15 to
night in Cubbcrley Auditorium.
Cardinals sponsors the weekly
showing of football game films
free of charge.
Movies of Stanford's 13.-7 vic
tory over Iho Universtiy of Wash
ington will be shown at 7:15 to
night in Cubbcrley Auditorium.
Cardinals sponsors the weekly
showing of football game films
free of charge.
Movies of Stanford's 13.-7 vic
tory over Iho Universtiy of Wash
ington will be shown at 7:15 to
night in Cubbcrley Auditorium.
Cardinals sponsors the weekly
showing of football game films
free of charge.
Movies of Stanford's 13.-7 vic
tory over Iho Universtiy of Wash
ington will be shown at 7:15 to
night in Cubbcrley Auditorium.
Cardinals sponsors the weekly
showing of football game films
free of charge.
Movies of Stanford's 13.-7 vic
tory over Iho Universtiy of Wash
ington will be shown at 7:15 to
night in Cubbcrley Auditorium.
Cardinals sponsors the weekly
showing of football game films
free of charge.
Movies of Stanford's 13.-7 vic
tory over Iho Universtiy of Wash
ington will be shown at 7:15 to
night in Cubbcrley Auditorium.
Cardinals sponsors the weekly
showing of football game films
free of charge.
Movies of Stanford's 13.-7 vic
tory over Iho Universtiy of Wash
ington will be shown at 7:15 to
night in Cubbcrley Auditorium.
Cardinals sponsors the weekly
showing of football game films
free of charge.
Movies of Stanford's 13.-7 vic
tory over Iho Universtiy of Wash
ington will be shown at 7:15 to
night in Cubbcrley Auditorium.
Cardinals sponsors the weekly
showing of football game films
free of charge.
Movies of Stanford's 13.-7 vic
tory over Iho Universtiy of Wash
ington will be shown at 7:15 to
night in Cubbcrley Auditorium.
Cardinals sponsors the weekly
showing of football game films
free of charge.
Movies of Stanford's 13.-7 vic
tory over Iho Universtiy of Wash
ington will be shown at 7:15 to
night in Cubbcrley Auditorium.
Cardinals sponsors the weekly
showing of football game films
free of charge.
Movies of Stanford's 13.-7 vic
tory over Iho Universtiy of Wash
ington will be shown at 7:15 to
night in Cubbcrley Auditorium.
Cardinals sponsors the weekly
showing of football game films
free of charge.
