# BENSON REJECTS PLEA
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Oct. 27 (UP) —
Agriculture Secretary Ezra T. Ben
son today bluntly rejected a plea by
a cattlemen's protest delegation for
"immediate" high government price
supports on cattle.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 27 (UP) —
Agriculture Secretary Ezra T. Ben
son today bluntly rejected a plea by
a cattlemen's protest delegation for
"immediate" high government price
supports on cattle.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 27 (UP) —
Agriculture Secretary Ezra T. Ben
son today bluntly rejected a plea by
a cattlemen's protest delegation for
"immediate" high government price
supports on cattle.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 27 (UP) —
Agriculture Secretary Ezra T. Ben
son today bluntly rejected a plea by
a cattlemen's protest delegation for
"immediate" high government price
supports on cattle.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 27 (UP) —
Agriculture Secretary Ezra T. Ben
son today bluntly rejected a plea by
a cattlemen's protest delegation for
"immediate" high government price
supports on cattle.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 27 (UP) —
Agriculture Secretary Ezra T. Ben
son today bluntly rejected a plea by
a cattlemen's protest delegation for
"immediate" high government price
supports on cattle.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 27 (UP) —
Agriculture Secretary Ezra T. Ben
son today bluntly rejected a plea by
a cattlemen's protest delegation for
"immediate" high government price
supports on cattle.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 27 (UP) —
Agriculture Secretary Ezra T. Ben
son today bluntly rejected a plea by
a cattlemen's protest delegation for
"immediate" high government price
supports on cattle.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 27 (UP) —
Agriculture Secretary Ezra T. Ben
son today bluntly rejected a plea by
a cattlemen's protest delegation for
"immediate" high government price
supports on cattle.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 27 (UP) —
Agriculture Secretary Ezra T. Ben
son today bluntly rejected a plea by
a cattlemen's protest delegation for
"immediate" high government price
supports on cattle.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 27 (UP) —
Agriculture Secretary Ezra T. Ben
son today bluntly rejected a plea by
a cattlemen's protest delegation for
"immediate" high government price
supports on cattle.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 27 (UP) —
Agriculture Secretary Ezra T. Ben
son today bluntly rejected a plea by
a cattlemen's protest delegation for
"immediate" high government price
supports on cattle.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 27 (UP) —
Agriculture Secretary Ezra T. Ben
son today bluntly rejected a plea by
a cattlemen's protest delegation for
"immediate" high government price
supports on cattle.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 27 (UP) —
Agriculture Secretary Ezra T. Ben
son today bluntly rejected a plea by
a cattlemen's protest delegation for
"immediate" high government price
supports on cattle.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 27 (UP) —
Agriculture Secretary Ezra T. Ben
son today bluntly rejected a plea by
a cattlemen's protest delegation for
"immediate" high government price
supports on cattle.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 27 (UP) —
Agriculture Secretary Ezra T. Ben
son today bluntly rejected a plea by
a cattlemen's protest delegation for
"immediate" high government price
supports on cattle.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 27 (UP) —
Agriculture Secretary Ezra T. Ben
son today bluntly rejected a plea by
a cattlemen's protest delegation for
"immediate" high government price
supports on cattle.
