# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Starting over
After her husband died in
June, Maria Dallas
thought she'd never
return to the fruit stand
the couple ran for 13
years. But today Maria
Dallas is back in White
Plaza, offering fruit and
friendship to her many
fans. See page 13.

Carrying on
She's been playing her
music and speaking her
mind for 24 years, but
political-activist
songwriter-Peninsula-
resident joan Baez isn't
stopping now. See page
16.

Trying harder
Stanford's men's golf
team finished a close
second at the Americana
Classic tournament this
weekend, but the improv
ing Cardinal is aiming to
be the best in the West.
See page 8.



Starting over
After her husband died in
June, Maria Dallas
thought she'd never
return to the fruit stand
the couple ran for 13
years. But today Maria
Dallas is back in White
Plaza, offering fruit and
friendship to her many
fans. See page 13.

Carrying on
She's been playing her
music and speaking her
mind for 24 years, but
political-activist
songwriter-Peninsula-
resident joan Baez isn't
stopping now. See page
16.

Trying harder
Stanford's men's golf
team finished a close
second at the Americana
Classic tournament this
weekend, but the improv
ing Cardinal is aiming to
be the best in the West.
See page 8.



Starting over
After her husband died in
June, Maria Dallas
thought she'd never
return to the fruit stand
the couple ran for 13
years. But today Maria
Dallas is back in White
Plaza, offering fruit and
friendship to her many
fans. See page 13.

Carrying on
She's been playing her
music and speaking her
mind for 24 years, but
political-activist
songwriter-Peninsula-
resident joan Baez isn't
stopping now. See page
16.

Trying harder
Stanford's men's golf
team finished a close
second at the Americana
Classic tournament this
weekend, but the improv
ing Cardinal is aiming to
be the best in the West.
See page 8.



Starting over
After her husband died in
June, Maria Dallas
thought she'd never
return to the fruit stand
the couple ran for 13
years. But today Maria
Dallas is back in White
Plaza, offering fruit and
friendship to her many
fans. See page 13.

Carrying on
She's been playing her
music and speaking her
mind for 24 years, but
political-activist
songwriter-Peninsula-
resident joan Baez isn't
stopping now. See page
16.

Trying harder
Stanford's men's golf
team finished a close
second at the Americana
Classic tournament this
weekend, but the improv
ing Cardinal is aiming to
be the best in the West.
See page 8.



Starting over
After her husband died in
June, Maria Dallas
thought she'd never
return to the fruit stand
the couple ran for 13
years. But today Maria
Dallas is back in White
Plaza, offering fruit and
friendship to her many
fans. See page 13.

Carrying on
She's been playing her
music and speaking her
mind for 24 years, but
political-activist
songwriter-Peninsula-
resident joan Baez isn't
stopping now. See page
16.

Trying harder
Stanford's men's golf
team finished a close
second at the Americana
Classic tournament this
weekend, but the improv
ing Cardinal is aiming to
be the best in the West.
See page 8.



Starting over
After her husband died in
June, Maria Dallas
thought she'd never
return to the fruit stand
the couple ran for 13
years. But today Maria
Dallas is back in White
Plaza, offering fruit and
friendship to her many
fans. See page 13.

Carrying on
She's been playing her
music and speaking her
mind for 24 years, but
political-activist
songwriter-Peninsula-
resident joan Baez isn't
stopping now. See page
16.

Trying harder
Stanford's men's golf
team finished a close
second at the Americana
Classic tournament this
weekend, but the improv
ing Cardinal is aiming to
be the best in the West.
See page 8.



Starting over
After her husband died in
June, Maria Dallas
thought she'd never
return to the fruit stand
the couple ran for 13
years. But today Maria
Dallas is back in White
Plaza, offering fruit and
friendship to her many
fans. See page 13.

Carrying on
She's been playing her
music and speaking her
mind for 24 years, but
political-activist
songwriter-Peninsula-
resident joan Baez isn't
stopping now. See page
16.

Trying harder
Stanford's men's golf
team finished a close
second at the Americana
Classic tournament this
weekend, but the improv
ing Cardinal is aiming to
be the best in the West.
See page 8.



