# AUSSIE CRUISER DODGES JAPS
## 
### 

AS THREE Japanese planes burn out in the background, this Austra
lian cruiser zigzags to escape enemy bomb bursts during Solomon
Islands fighting. Note the wake at the left of the fleeing ship.

AS THREE Japanese planes burn out in the background, this Austra
lian cruiser zigzags to escape enemy bomb bursts during Solomon
Islands fighting. Note the wake at the left of the fleeing ship.

AS THREE Japanese planes burn out in the background, this Austra
lian cruiser zigzags to escape enemy bomb bursts during Solomon
Islands fighting. Note the wake at the left of the fleeing ship.

AS THREE Japanese planes burn out in the background, this Austra
lian cruiser zigzags to escape enemy bomb bursts during Solomon
Islands fighting. Note the wake at the left of the fleeing ship.

AS THREE Japanese planes burn out in the background, this Austra
lian cruiser zigzags to escape enemy bomb bursts during Solomon
Islands fighting. Note the wake at the left of the fleeing ship.

AS THREE Japanese planes burn out in the background, this Austra
lian cruiser zigzags to escape enemy bomb bursts during Solomon
Islands fighting. Note the wake at the left of the fleeing ship.

AS THREE Japanese planes burn out in the background, this Austra
lian cruiser zigzags to escape enemy bomb bursts during Solomon
Islands fighting. Note the wake at the left of the fleeing ship.

AS THREE Japanese planes burn out in the background, this Austra
lian cruiser zigzags to escape enemy bomb bursts during Solomon
Islands fighting. Note the wake at the left of the fleeing ship.

AS THREE Japanese planes burn out in the background, this Austra
lian cruiser zigzags to escape enemy bomb bursts during Solomon
Islands fighting. Note the wake at the left of the fleeing ship.

AS THREE Japanese planes burn out in the background, this Austra
lian cruiser zigzags to escape enemy bomb bursts during Solomon
Islands fighting. Note the wake at the left of the fleeing ship.

AS THREE Japanese planes burn out in the background, this Austra
lian cruiser zigzags to escape enemy bomb bursts during Solomon
Islands fighting. Note the wake at the left of the fleeing ship.

AS THREE Japanese planes burn out in the background, this Austra
lian cruiser zigzags to escape enemy bomb bursts during Solomon
Islands fighting. Note the wake at the left of the fleeing ship.

AS THREE Japanese planes burn out in the background, this Austra
lian cruiser zigzags to escape enemy bomb bursts during Solomon
Islands fighting. Note the wake at the left of the fleeing ship.

AS THREE Japanese planes burn out in the background, this Austra
lian cruiser zigzags to escape enemy bomb bursts during Solomon
Islands fighting. Note the wake at the left of the fleeing ship.

AS THREE Japanese planes burn out in the background, this Austra
lian cruiser zigzags to escape enemy bomb bursts during Solomon
Islands fighting. Note the wake at the left of the fleeing ship.

AS THREE Japanese planes burn out in the background, this Austra
lian cruiser zigzags to escape enemy bomb bursts during Solomon
Islands fighting. Note the wake at the left of the fleeing ship.

AS THREE Japanese planes burn out in the background, this Austra
lian cruiser zigzags to escape enemy bomb bursts during Solomon
Islands fighting. Note the wake at the left of the fleeing ship.

AS THREE Japanese planes burn out in the background, this Austra
lian cruiser zigzags to escape enemy bomb bursts during Solomon
Islands fighting. Note the wake at the left of the fleeing ship.

AS THREE Japanese planes burn out in the background, this Austra
lian cruiser zigzags to escape enemy bomb bursts during Solomon
Islands fighting. Note the wake at the left of the fleeing ship.
