# Faculty To Sell Bonds, Stamps
## 
### 
Putting the University faculty
squarely behind the war board drive
to sell war bonds and stamps, five
Stanford professors have volunteered
to staff sales booths today on the
Quad.
Faculty members officiated at
stamp booths for one day during
summer quarter. Their services were
secured by Nancy Pelton, chairman
of Quad booths for the war board.
Dr. H. D. Merritt, English profes
sor, will sell stamps and bonds in
the Cellar from 10 to 11 a.m. today.
Dr. K. Krauskopf, physical science
professor, will be at the same sta
tion from 11 to 12.
BOGGS, BUCK. CHAN
Dr. T. H. Boggs, professor of eco
nomics, will be at the booth on the
English comer from 11 to 12. Dr.
Philip Buck, professor of political
science, will sell stamps on the en
gineering corner from 9 to 10 a.m.,
and Dr. S. W. Chan, professor of
Chinese, will be there from 10 to 11
a.m.
Tomorrow's quota has been set at
$1500, a 50-cent investment for each
student, Miss Pelton said. She asked
that each student contribute that
amount, and said that purchases of
war bonds were not included in it.
BOOTH LOCATIONS
Booths will be open during the
day in the Cellar, the Library, and
on the English and Engineering cor
ners.
Stamps will be sold in all living
groups by house and corridor repre
sentatives. Heading salesmen for
men's living groups is Dale Haus
man, and Don Shannon heads fra
tern i t y representatives. Diane
Holmes and Mary Ann Walker head
representatives fx~om sororities and
women's living groups, respectively.
Putting the University faculty
squarely behind the war board drive
to sell war bonds and stamps, five
Stanford professors have volunteered
to staff sales booths today on the
Quad.
Faculty members officiated at
stamp booths for one day during
summer quarter. Their services were
secured by Nancy Pelton, chairman
of Quad booths for the war board.
Dr. H. D. Merritt, English profes
sor, will sell stamps and bonds in
the Cellar from 10 to 11 a.m. today.
Dr. K. Krauskopf, physical science
professor, will be at the same sta
tion from 11 to 12.
BOGGS, BUCK. CHAN
Dr. T. H. Boggs, professor of eco
nomics, will be at the booth on the
English comer from 11 to 12. Dr.
Philip Buck, professor of political
science, will sell stamps on the en
gineering corner from 9 to 10 a.m.,
and Dr. S. W. Chan, professor of
Chinese, will be there from 10 to 11
a.m.
Tomorrow's quota has been set at
$1500, a 50-cent investment for each
student, Miss Pelton said. She asked
that each student contribute that
amount, and said that purchases of
war bonds were not included in it.
BOOTH LOCATIONS
Booths will be open during the
day in the Cellar, the Library, and
on the English and Engineering cor
ners.
Stamps will be sold in all living
groups by house and corridor repre
sentatives. Heading salesmen for
men's living groups is Dale Haus
man, and Don Shannon heads fra
tern i t y representatives. Diane
Holmes and Mary Ann Walker head
representatives fx~om sororities and
women's living groups, respectively.
Putting the University faculty
squarely behind the war board drive
to sell war bonds and stamps, five
Stanford professors have volunteered
to staff sales booths today on the
Quad.
Faculty members officiated at
stamp booths for one day during
summer quarter. Their services were
secured by Nancy Pelton, chairman
of Quad booths for the war board.
Dr. H. D. Merritt, English profes
sor, will sell stamps and bonds in
the Cellar from 10 to 11 a.m. today.
Dr. K. Krauskopf, physical science
professor, will be at the same sta
tion from 11 to 12.
BOGGS, BUCK. CHAN
Dr. T. H. Boggs, professor of eco
nomics, will be at the booth on the
English comer from 11 to 12. Dr.
Philip Buck, professor of political
science, will sell stamps on the en
gineering corner from 9 to 10 a.m.,
and Dr. S. W. Chan, professor of
Chinese, will be there from 10 to 11
a.m.
Tomorrow's quota has been set at
$1500, a 50-cent investment for each
student, Miss Pelton said. She asked
that each student contribute that
amount, and said that purchases of
war bonds were not included in it.
BOOTH LOCATIONS
Booths will be open during the
day in the Cellar, the Library, and
on the English and Engineering cor
ners.
Stamps will be sold in all living
groups by house and corridor repre
sentatives. Heading salesmen for
men's living groups is Dale Haus
man, and Don Shannon heads fra
tern i t y representatives. Diane
Holmes and Mary Ann Walker head
representatives fx~om sororities and
women's living groups, respectively.
Putting the University faculty
squarely behind the war board drive
to sell war bonds and stamps, five
Stanford professors have volunteered
to staff sales booths today on the
Quad.
Faculty members officiated at
stamp booths for one day during
summer quarter. Their services were
secured by Nancy Pelton, chairman
of Quad booths for the war board.
Dr. H. D. Merritt, English profes
sor, will sell stamps and bonds in
the Cellar from 10 to 11 a.m. today.
Dr. K. Krauskopf, physical science
professor, will be at the same sta
tion from 11 to 12.
BOGGS, BUCK. CHAN
Dr. T. H. Boggs, professor of eco
nomics, will be at the booth on the
English comer from 11 to 12. Dr.
Philip Buck, professor of political
science, will sell stamps on the en
gineering corner from 9 to 10 a.m.,
and Dr. S. W. Chan, professor of
Chinese, will be there from 10 to 11
a.m.
Tomorrow's quota has been set at
$1500, a 50-cent investment for each
student, Miss Pelton said. She asked
that each student contribute that
amount, and said that purchases of
war bonds were not included in it.
BOOTH LOCATIONS
Booths will be open during the
day in the Cellar, the Library, and
on the English and Engineering cor
ners.
Stamps will be sold in all living
groups by house and corridor repre
sentatives. Heading salesmen for
men's living groups is Dale Haus
man, and Don Shannon heads fra
tern i t y representatives. Diane
Holmes and Mary Ann Walker head
representatives fx~om sororities and
women's living groups, respectively.
Putting the University faculty
squarely behind the war board drive
to sell war bonds and stamps, five
Stanford professors have volunteered
to staff sales booths today on the
Quad.
Faculty members officiated at
stamp booths for one day during
summer quarter. Their services were
secured by Nancy Pelton, chairman
of Quad booths for the war board.
Dr. H. D. Merritt, English profes
sor, will sell stamps and bonds in
the Cellar from 10 to 11 a.m. today.
Dr. K. Krauskopf, physical science
professor, will be at the same sta
tion from 11 to 12.
BOGGS, BUCK. CHAN
Dr. T. H. Boggs, professor of eco
nomics, will be at the booth on the
English comer from 11 to 12. Dr.
Philip Buck, professor of political
science, will sell stamps on the en
gineering corner from 9 to 10 a.m.,
and Dr. S. W. Chan, professor of
Chinese, will be there from 10 to 11
a.m.
Tomorrow's quota has been set at
$1500, a 50-cent investment for each
student, Miss Pelton said. She asked
that each student contribute that
amount, and said that purchases of
war bonds were not included in it.
BOOTH LOCATIONS
Booths will be open during the
day in the Cellar, the Library, and
on the English and Engineering cor
ners.
Stamps will be sold in all living
groups by house and corridor repre
sentatives. Heading salesmen for
men's living groups is Dale Haus
man, and Don Shannon heads fra
tern i t y representatives. Diane
Holmes and Mary Ann Walker head
representatives fx~om sororities and
women's living groups, respectively.
Putting the University faculty
squarely behind the war board drive
to sell war bonds and stamps, five
Stanford professors have volunteered
to staff sales booths today on the
Quad.
Faculty members officiated at
stamp booths for one day during
summer quarter. Their services were
secured by Nancy Pelton, chairman
of Quad booths for the war board.
Dr. H. D. Merritt, English profes
sor, will sell stamps and bonds in
the Cellar from 10 to 11 a.m. today.
Dr. K. Krauskopf, physical science
professor, will be at the same sta
tion from 11 to 12.
BOGGS, BUCK. CHAN
Dr. T. H. Boggs, professor of eco
nomics, will be at the booth on the
English comer from 11 to 12. Dr.
Philip Buck, professor of political
science, will sell stamps on the en
gineering corner from 9 to 10 a.m.,
and Dr. S. W. Chan, professor of
Chinese, will be there from 10 to 11
a.m.
Tomorrow's quota has been set at
$1500, a 50-cent investment for each
student, Miss Pelton said. She asked
that each student contribute that
amount, and said that purchases of
war bonds were not included in it.
BOOTH LOCATIONS
Booths will be open during the
day in the Cellar, the Library, and
on the English and Engineering cor
ners.
Stamps will be sold in all living
groups by house and corridor repre
sentatives. Heading salesmen for
men's living groups is Dale Haus
man, and Don Shannon heads fra
tern i t y representatives. Diane
Holmes and Mary Ann Walker head
representatives fx~om sororities and
women's living groups, respectively.
Putting the University faculty
squarely behind the war board drive
to sell war bonds and stamps, five
Stanford professors have volunteered
to staff sales booths today on the
Quad.
Faculty members officiated at
stamp booths for one day during
summer quarter. Their services were
secured by Nancy Pelton, chairman
of Quad booths for the war board.
Dr. H. D. Merritt, English profes
sor, will sell stamps and bonds in
the Cellar from 10 to 11 a.m. today.
Dr. K. Krauskopf, physical science
professor, will be at the same sta
tion from 11 to 12.
BOGGS, BUCK. CHAN
Dr. T. H. Boggs, professor of eco
nomics, will be at the booth on the
English comer from 11 to 12. Dr.
Philip Buck, professor of political
science, will sell stamps on the en
gineering corner from 9 to 10 a.m.,
and Dr. S. W. Chan, professor of
Chinese, will be there from 10 to 11
a.m.
Tomorrow's quota has been set at
$1500, a 50-cent investment for each
student, Miss Pelton said. She asked
that each student contribute that
amount, and said that purchases of
war bonds were not included in it.
BOOTH LOCATIONS
Booths will be open during the
day in the Cellar, the Library, and
on the English and Engineering cor
ners.
Stamps will be sold in all living
groups by house and corridor repre
sentatives. Heading salesmen for
men's living groups is Dale Haus
man, and Don Shannon heads fra
tern i t y representatives. Diane
Holmes and Mary Ann Walker head
representatives fx~om sororities and
women's living groups, respectively.
Putting the University faculty
squarely behind the war board drive
to sell war bonds and stamps, five
Stanford professors have volunteered
to staff sales booths today on the
Quad.
Faculty members officiated at
stamp booths for one day during
summer quarter. Their services were
secured by Nancy Pelton, chairman
of Quad booths for the war board.
Dr. H. D. Merritt, English profes
sor, will sell stamps and bonds in
the Cellar from 10 to 11 a.m. today.
Dr. K. Krauskopf, physical science
professor, will be at the same sta
tion from 11 to 12.
BOGGS, BUCK. CHAN
Dr. T. H. Boggs, professor of eco
nomics, will be at the booth on the
English comer from 11 to 12. Dr.
Philip Buck, professor of political
science, will sell stamps on the en
gineering corner from 9 to 10 a.m.,
and Dr. S. W. Chan, professor of
Chinese, will be there from 10 to 11
a.m.
Tomorrow's quota has been set at
$1500, a 50-cent investment for each
student, Miss Pelton said. She asked
that each student contribute that
amount, and said that purchases of
war bonds were not included in it.
BOOTH LOCATIONS
Booths will be open during the
day in the Cellar, the Library, and
on the English and Engineering cor
ners.
Stamps will be sold in all living
groups by house and corridor repre
sentatives. Heading salesmen for
men's living groups is Dale Haus
man, and Don Shannon heads fra
tern i t y representatives. Diane
Holmes and Mary Ann Walker head
representatives fx~om sororities and
women's living groups, respectively.
Putting the University faculty
squarely behind the war board drive
to sell war bonds and stamps, five
Stanford professors have volunteered
to staff sales booths today on the
Quad.
Faculty members officiated at
stamp booths for one day during
summer quarter. Their services were
secured by Nancy Pelton, chairman
of Quad booths for the war board.
Dr. H. D. Merritt, English profes
sor, will sell stamps and bonds in
the Cellar from 10 to 11 a.m. today.
Dr. K. Krauskopf, physical science
professor, will be at the same sta
tion from 11 to 12.
BOGGS, BUCK. CHAN
Dr. T. H. Boggs, professor of eco
nomics, will be at the booth on the
English comer from 11 to 12. Dr.
Philip Buck, professor of political
science, will sell stamps on the en
gineering corner from 9 to 10 a.m.,
and Dr. S. W. Chan, professor of
Chinese, will be there from 10 to 11
a.m.
Tomorrow's quota has been set at
$1500, a 50-cent investment for each
student, Miss Pelton said. She asked
that each student contribute that
amount, and said that purchases of
war bonds were not included in it.
BOOTH LOCATIONS
Booths will be open during the
day in the Cellar, the Library, and
on the English and Engineering cor
ners.
Stamps will be sold in all living
groups by house and corridor repre
sentatives. Heading salesmen for
men's living groups is Dale Haus
man, and Don Shannon heads fra
tern i t y representatives. Diane
Holmes and Mary Ann Walker head
representatives fx~om sororities and
women's living groups, respectively.
Putting the University faculty
squarely behind the war board drive
to sell war bonds and stamps, five
Stanford professors have volunteered
to staff sales booths today on the
Quad.
Faculty members officiated at
stamp booths for one day during
summer quarter. Their services were
secured by Nancy Pelton, chairman
of Quad booths for the war board.
Dr. H. D. Merritt, English profes
sor, will sell stamps and bonds in
the Cellar from 10 to 11 a.m. today.
Dr. K. Krauskopf, physical science
professor, will be at the same sta
tion from 11 to 12.
BOGGS, BUCK. CHAN
Dr. T. H. Boggs, professor of eco
nomics, will be at the booth on the
English comer from 11 to 12. Dr.
Philip Buck, professor of political
science, will sell stamps on the en
gineering corner from 9 to 10 a.m.,
and Dr. S. W. Chan, professor of
Chinese, will be there from 10 to 11
a.m.
Tomorrow's quota has been set at
$1500, a 50-cent investment for each
student, Miss Pelton said. She asked
that each student contribute that
amount, and said that purchases of
war bonds were not included in it.
BOOTH LOCATIONS
Booths will be open during the
day in the Cellar, the Library, and
on the English and Engineering cor
ners.
Stamps will be sold in all living
groups by house and corridor repre
sentatives. Heading salesmen for
men's living groups is Dale Haus
man, and Don Shannon heads fra
tern i t y representatives. Diane
Holmes and Mary Ann Walker head
representatives fx~om sororities and
women's living groups, respectively.
Putting the University faculty
squarely behind the war board drive
to sell war bonds and stamps, five
Stanford professors have volunteered
to staff sales booths today on the
Quad.
Faculty members officiated at
stamp booths for one day during
summer quarter. Their services were
secured by Nancy Pelton, chairman
of Quad booths for the war board.
Dr. H. D. Merritt, English profes
sor, will sell stamps and bonds in
the Cellar from 10 to 11 a.m. today.
Dr. K. Krauskopf, physical science
professor, will be at the same sta
tion from 11 to 12.
BOGGS, BUCK. CHAN
Dr. T. H. Boggs, professor of eco
nomics, will be at the booth on the
English comer from 11 to 12. Dr.
Philip Buck, professor of political
science, will sell stamps on the en
gineering corner from 9 to 10 a.m.,
and Dr. S. W. Chan, professor of
Chinese, will be there from 10 to 11
a.m.
Tomorrow's quota has been set at
$1500, a 50-cent investment for each
student, Miss Pelton said. She asked
that each student contribute that
amount, and said that purchases of
war bonds were not included in it.
BOOTH LOCATIONS
Booths will be open during the
day in the Cellar, the Library, and
on the English and Engineering cor
ners.
Stamps will be sold in all living
groups by house and corridor repre
sentatives. Heading salesmen for
men's living groups is Dale Haus
man, and Don Shannon heads fra
tern i t y representatives. Diane
Holmes and Mary Ann Walker head
representatives fx~om sororities and
women's living groups, respectively.
Putting the University faculty
squarely behind the war board drive
to sell war bonds and stamps, five
Stanford professors have volunteered
to staff sales booths today on the
Quad.
Faculty members officiated at
stamp booths for one day during
summer quarter. Their services were
secured by Nancy Pelton, chairman
of Quad booths for the war board.
Dr. H. D. Merritt, English profes
sor, will sell stamps and bonds in
the Cellar from 10 to 11 a.m. today.
Dr. K. Krauskopf, physical science
professor, will be at the same sta
tion from 11 to 12.
BOGGS, BUCK. CHAN
Dr. T. H. Boggs, professor of eco
nomics, will be at the booth on the
English comer from 11 to 12. Dr.
Philip Buck, professor of political
science, will sell stamps on the en
gineering corner from 9 to 10 a.m.,
and Dr. S. W. Chan, professor of
Chinese, will be there from 10 to 11
a.m.
Tomorrow's quota has been set at
$1500, a 50-cent investment for each
student, Miss Pelton said. She asked
that each student contribute that
amount, and said that purchases of
war bonds were not included in it.
BOOTH LOCATIONS
Booths will be open during the
day in the Cellar, the Library, and
on the English and Engineering cor
ners.
Stamps will be sold in all living
groups by house and corridor repre
sentatives. Heading salesmen for
men's living groups is Dale Haus
man, and Don Shannon heads fra
tern i t y representatives. Diane
Holmes and Mary Ann Walker head
representatives fx~om sororities and
women's living groups, respectively.
Putting the University faculty
squarely behind the war board drive
to sell war bonds and stamps, five
Stanford professors have volunteered
to staff sales booths today on the
Quad.
Faculty members officiated at
stamp booths for one day during
summer quarter. Their services were
secured by Nancy Pelton, chairman
of Quad booths for the war board.
Dr. H. D. Merritt, English profes
sor, will sell stamps and bonds in
the Cellar from 10 to 11 a.m. today.
Dr. K. Krauskopf, physical science
professor, will be at the same sta
tion from 11 to 12.
BOGGS, BUCK. CHAN
Dr. T. H. Boggs, professor of eco
nomics, will be at the booth on the
English comer from 11 to 12. Dr.
Philip Buck, professor of political
science, will sell stamps on the en
gineering corner from 9 to 10 a.m.,
and Dr. S. W. Chan, professor of
Chinese, will be there from 10 to 11
a.m.
Tomorrow's quota has been set at
$1500, a 50-cent investment for each
student, Miss Pelton said. She asked
that each student contribute that
amount, and said that purchases of
war bonds were not included in it.
BOOTH LOCATIONS
Booths will be open during the
day in the Cellar, the Library, and
on the English and Engineering cor
ners.
Stamps will be sold in all living
groups by house and corridor repre
sentatives. Heading salesmen for
men's living groups is Dale Haus
man, and Don Shannon heads fra
tern i t y representatives. Diane
Holmes and Mary Ann Walker head
representatives fx~om sororities and
women's living groups, respectively.
Putting the University faculty
squarely behind the war board drive
to sell war bonds and stamps, five
Stanford professors have volunteered
to staff sales booths today on the
Quad.
Faculty members officiated at
stamp booths for one day during
summer quarter. Their services were
secured by Nancy Pelton, chairman
of Quad booths for the war board.
Dr. H. D. Merritt, English profes
sor, will sell stamps and bonds in
the Cellar from 10 to 11 a.m. today.
Dr. K. Krauskopf, physical science
professor, will be at the same sta
tion from 11 to 12.
BOGGS, BUCK. CHAN
Dr. T. H. Boggs, professor of eco
nomics, will be at the booth on the
English comer from 11 to 12. Dr.
Philip Buck, professor of political
science, will sell stamps on the en
gineering corner from 9 to 10 a.m.,
and Dr. S. W. Chan, professor of
Chinese, will be there from 10 to 11
a.m.
Tomorrow's quota has been set at
$1500, a 50-cent investment for each
student, Miss Pelton said. She asked
that each student contribute that
amount, and said that purchases of
war bonds were not included in it.
BOOTH LOCATIONS
Booths will be open during the
day in the Cellar, the Library, and
on the English and Engineering cor
ners.
Stamps will be sold in all living
groups by house and corridor repre
sentatives. Heading salesmen for
men's living groups is Dale Haus
man, and Don Shannon heads fra
tern i t y representatives. Diane
Holmes and Mary Ann Walker head
representatives fx~om sororities and
women's living groups, respectively.
Putting the University faculty
squarely behind the war board drive
to sell war bonds and stamps, five
Stanford professors have volunteered
to staff sales booths today on the
Quad.
Faculty members officiated at
stamp booths for one day during
summer quarter. Their services were
secured by Nancy Pelton, chairman
of Quad booths for the war board.
Dr. H. D. Merritt, English profes
sor, will sell stamps and bonds in
the Cellar from 10 to 11 a.m. today.
Dr. K. Krauskopf, physical science
professor, will be at the same sta
tion from 11 to 12.
BOGGS, BUCK. CHAN
Dr. T. H. Boggs, professor of eco
nomics, will be at the booth on the
English comer from 11 to 12. Dr.
Philip Buck, professor of political
science, will sell stamps on the en
gineering corner from 9 to 10 a.m.,
and Dr. S. W. Chan, professor of
Chinese, will be there from 10 to 11
a.m.
Tomorrow's quota has been set at
$1500, a 50-cent investment for each
student, Miss Pelton said. She asked
that each student contribute that
amount, and said that purchases of
war bonds were not included in it.
BOOTH LOCATIONS
Booths will be open during the
day in the Cellar, the Library, and
on the English and Engineering cor
ners.
Stamps will be sold in all living
groups by house and corridor repre
sentatives. Heading salesmen for
men's living groups is Dale Haus
man, and Don Shannon heads fra
tern i t y representatives. Diane
Holmes and Mary Ann Walker head
representatives fx~om sororities and
women's living groups, respectively.
Putting the University faculty
squarely behind the war board drive
to sell war bonds and stamps, five
Stanford professors have volunteered
to staff sales booths today on the
Quad.
Faculty members officiated at
stamp booths for one day during
summer quarter. Their services were
secured by Nancy Pelton, chairman
of Quad booths for the war board.
Dr. H. D. Merritt, English profes
sor, will sell stamps and bonds in
the Cellar from 10 to 11 a.m. today.
Dr. K. Krauskopf, physical science
professor, will be at the same sta
tion from 11 to 12.
BOGGS, BUCK. CHAN
Dr. T. H. Boggs, professor of eco
nomics, will be at the booth on the
English comer from 11 to 12. Dr.
Philip Buck, professor of political
science, will sell stamps on the en
gineering corner from 9 to 10 a.m.,
and Dr. S. W. Chan, professor of
Chinese, will be there from 10 to 11
a.m.
Tomorrow's quota has been set at
$1500, a 50-cent investment for each
student, Miss Pelton said. She asked
that each student contribute that
amount, and said that purchases of
war bonds were not included in it.
BOOTH LOCATIONS
Booths will be open during the
day in the Cellar, the Library, and
on the English and Engineering cor
ners.
Stamps will be sold in all living
groups by house and corridor repre
sentatives. Heading salesmen for
men's living groups is Dale Haus
man, and Don Shannon heads fra
tern i t y representatives. Diane
Holmes and Mary Ann Walker head
representatives fx~om sororities and
women's living groups, respectively.
Putting the University faculty
squarely behind the war board drive
to sell war bonds and stamps, five
Stanford professors have volunteered
to staff sales booths today on the
Quad.
Faculty members officiated at
stamp booths for one day during
summer quarter. Their services were
secured by Nancy Pelton, chairman
of Quad booths for the war board.
Dr. H. D. Merritt, English profes
sor, will sell stamps and bonds in
the Cellar from 10 to 11 a.m. today.
Dr. K. Krauskopf, physical science
professor, will be at the same sta
tion from 11 to 12.
BOGGS, BUCK. CHAN
Dr. T. H. Boggs, professor of eco
nomics, will be at the booth on the
English comer from 11 to 12. Dr.
Philip Buck, professor of political
science, will sell stamps on the en
gineering corner from 9 to 10 a.m.,
and Dr. S. W. Chan, professor of
Chinese, will be there from 10 to 11
a.m.
Tomorrow's quota has been set at
$1500, a 50-cent investment for each
student, Miss Pelton said. She asked
that each student contribute that
amount, and said that purchases of
war bonds were not included in it.
BOOTH LOCATIONS
Booths will be open during the
day in the Cellar, the Library, and
on the English and Engineering cor
ners.
Stamps will be sold in all living
groups by house and corridor repre
sentatives. Heading salesmen for
men's living groups is Dale Haus
man, and Don Shannon heads fra
tern i t y representatives. Diane
Holmes and Mary Ann Walker head
representatives fx~om sororities and
women's living groups, respectively.
Putting the University faculty
squarely behind the war board drive
to sell war bonds and stamps, five
Stanford professors have volunteered
to staff sales booths today on the
Quad.
Faculty members officiated at
stamp booths for one day during
summer quarter. Their services were
secured by Nancy Pelton, chairman
of Quad booths for the war board.
Dr. H. D. Merritt, English profes
sor, will sell stamps and bonds in
the Cellar from 10 to 11 a.m. today.
Dr. K. Krauskopf, physical science
professor, will be at the same sta
tion from 11 to 12.
BOGGS, BUCK. CHAN
Dr. T. H. Boggs, professor of eco
nomics, will be at the booth on the
English comer from 11 to 12. Dr.
Philip Buck, professor of political
science, will sell stamps on the en
gineering corner from 9 to 10 a.m.,
and Dr. S. W. Chan, professor of
Chinese, will be there from 10 to 11
a.m.
Tomorrow's quota has been set at
$1500, a 50-cent investment for each
student, Miss Pelton said. She asked
that each student contribute that
amount, and said that purchases of
war bonds were not included in it.
BOOTH LOCATIONS
Booths will be open during the
day in the Cellar, the Library, and
on the English and Engineering cor
ners.
Stamps will be sold in all living
groups by house and corridor repre
sentatives. Heading salesmen for
men's living groups is Dale Haus
man, and Don Shannon heads fra
tern i t y representatives. Diane
Holmes and Mary Ann Walker head
representatives fx~om sororities and
women's living groups, respectively.
Putting the University faculty
squarely behind the war board drive
to sell war bonds and stamps, five
Stanford professors have volunteered
to staff sales booths today on the
Quad.
Faculty members officiated at
stamp booths for one day during
summer quarter. Their services were
secured by Nancy Pelton, chairman
of Quad booths for the war board.
Dr. H. D. Merritt, English profes
sor, will sell stamps and bonds in
the Cellar from 10 to 11 a.m. today.
Dr. K. Krauskopf, physical science
professor, will be at the same sta
tion from 11 to 12.
BOGGS, BUCK. CHAN
Dr. T. H. Boggs, professor of eco
nomics, will be at the booth on the
English comer from 11 to 12. Dr.
Philip Buck, professor of political
science, will sell stamps on the en
gineering corner from 9 to 10 a.m.,
and Dr. S. W. Chan, professor of
Chinese, will be there from 10 to 11
a.m.
Tomorrow's quota has been set at
$1500, a 50-cent investment for each
student, Miss Pelton said. She asked
that each student contribute that
amount, and said that purchases of
war bonds were not included in it.
BOOTH LOCATIONS
Booths will be open during the
day in the Cellar, the Library, and
on the English and Engineering cor
ners.
Stamps will be sold in all living
groups by house and corridor repre
sentatives. Heading salesmen for
men's living groups is Dale Haus
man, and Don Shannon heads fra
tern i t y representatives. Diane
Holmes and Mary Ann Walker head
representatives fx~om sororities and
women's living groups, respectively.
