# Untitled Article
## 
### 
All intramural managers meet
tonight at 7:15 in the B.A.C. Air
craft spotting service will be dis
cussed.
GRID GAMES TODAY
4:00
D.K.E.-Sigma Chi
Phi Delts-A.K.L.
El Capitan-Beta
5:00
Biz School-El Tigre
Alpha Delt-Fiji
Delta Chi-A.T.O.
All intramural managers meet
tonight at 7:15 in the B.A.C. Air
craft spotting service will be dis
cussed.
GRID GAMES TODAY
4:00
D.K.E.-Sigma Chi
Phi Delts-A.K.L.
El Capitan-Beta
5:00
Biz School-El Tigre
Alpha Delt-Fiji
Delta Chi-A.T.O.
All intramural managers meet
tonight at 7:15 in the B.A.C. Air
craft spotting service will be dis
cussed.
GRID GAMES TODAY
4:00
D.K.E.-Sigma Chi
Phi Delts-A.K.L.
El Capitan-Beta
5:00
Biz School-El Tigre
Alpha Delt-Fiji
Delta Chi-A.T.O.
All intramural managers meet
tonight at 7:15 in the B.A.C. Air
craft spotting service will be dis
cussed.
GRID GAMES TODAY
4:00
D.K.E.-Sigma Chi
Phi Delts-A.K.L.
El Capitan-Beta
5:00
Biz School-El Tigre
Alpha Delt-Fiji
Delta Chi-A.T.O.
All intramural managers meet
tonight at 7:15 in the B.A.C. Air
craft spotting service will be dis
cussed.
GRID GAMES TODAY
4:00
D.K.E.-Sigma Chi
Phi Delts-A.K.L.
El Capitan-Beta
5:00
Biz School-El Tigre
Alpha Delt-Fiji
Delta Chi-A.T.O.
All intramural managers meet
tonight at 7:15 in the B.A.C. Air
craft spotting service will be dis
cussed.
GRID GAMES TODAY
4:00
D.K.E.-Sigma Chi
Phi Delts-A.K.L.
El Capitan-Beta
5:00
Biz School-El Tigre
Alpha Delt-Fiji
Delta Chi-A.T.O.
All intramural managers meet
tonight at 7:15 in the B.A.C. Air
craft spotting service will be dis
cussed.
GRID GAMES TODAY
4:00
D.K.E.-Sigma Chi
Phi Delts-A.K.L.
El Capitan-Beta
5:00
Biz School-El Tigre
Alpha Delt-Fiji
Delta Chi-A.T.O.
All intramural managers meet
tonight at 7:15 in the B.A.C. Air
craft spotting service will be dis
cussed.
GRID GAMES TODAY
4:00
D.K.E.-Sigma Chi
Phi Delts-A.K.L.
El Capitan-Beta
5:00
Biz School-El Tigre
Alpha Delt-Fiji
Delta Chi-A.T.O.
All intramural managers meet
tonight at 7:15 in the B.A.C. Air
craft spotting service will be dis
cussed.
GRID GAMES TODAY
4:00
D.K.E.-Sigma Chi
Phi Delts-A.K.L.
El Capitan-Beta
5:00
Biz School-El Tigre
Alpha Delt-Fiji
Delta Chi-A.T.O.
All intramural managers meet
tonight at 7:15 in the B.A.C. Air
craft spotting service will be dis
cussed.
GRID GAMES TODAY
4:00
D.K.E.-Sigma Chi
Phi Delts-A.K.L.
El Capitan-Beta
5:00
Biz School-El Tigre
Alpha Delt-Fiji
Delta Chi-A.T.O.
All intramural managers meet
tonight at 7:15 in the B.A.C. Air
craft spotting service will be dis
cussed.
GRID GAMES TODAY
4:00
D.K.E.-Sigma Chi
Phi Delts-A.K.L.
El Capitan-Beta
5:00
Biz School-El Tigre
Alpha Delt-Fiji
Delta Chi-A.T.O.
All intramural managers meet
tonight at 7:15 in the B.A.C. Air
craft spotting service will be dis
cussed.
GRID GAMES TODAY
4:00
D.K.E.-Sigma Chi
Phi Delts-A.K.L.
El Capitan-Beta
5:00
Biz School-El Tigre
Alpha Delt-Fiji
Delta Chi-A.T.O.
All intramural managers meet
tonight at 7:15 in the B.A.C. Air
craft spotting service will be dis
cussed.
GRID GAMES TODAY
4:00
D.K.E.-Sigma Chi
Phi Delts-A.K.L.
El Capitan-Beta
5:00
Biz School-El Tigre
Alpha Delt-Fiji
Delta Chi-A.T.O.
All intramural managers meet
tonight at 7:15 in the B.A.C. Air
craft spotting service will be dis
cussed.
GRID GAMES TODAY
4:00
D.K.E.-Sigma Chi
Phi Delts-A.K.L.
El Capitan-Beta
5:00
Biz School-El Tigre
Alpha Delt-Fiji
Delta Chi-A.T.O.
All intramural managers meet
tonight at 7:15 in the B.A.C. Air
craft spotting service will be dis
cussed.
GRID GAMES TODAY
4:00
D.K.E.-Sigma Chi
Phi Delts-A.K.L.
El Capitan-Beta
5:00
Biz School-El Tigre
Alpha Delt-Fiji
Delta Chi-A.T.O.
All intramural managers meet
tonight at 7:15 in the B.A.C. Air
craft spotting service will be dis
cussed.
GRID GAMES TODAY
4:00
D.K.E.-Sigma Chi
Phi Delts-A.K.L.
El Capitan-Beta
5:00
Biz School-El Tigre
Alpha Delt-Fiji
Delta Chi-A.T.O.
All intramural managers meet
tonight at 7:15 in the B.A.C. Air
craft spotting service will be dis
cussed.
GRID GAMES TODAY
4:00
D.K.E.-Sigma Chi
Phi Delts-A.K.L.
El Capitan-Beta
5:00
Biz School-El Tigre
Alpha Delt-Fiji
Delta Chi-A.T.O.
All intramural managers meet
tonight at 7:15 in the B.A.C. Air
craft spotting service will be dis
cussed.
GRID GAMES TODAY
4:00
D.K.E.-Sigma Chi
Phi Delts-A.K.L.
El Capitan-Beta
5:00
Biz School-El Tigre
Alpha Delt-Fiji
Delta Chi-A.T.O.
All intramural managers meet
tonight at 7:15 in the B.A.C. Air
craft spotting service will be dis
cussed.
GRID GAMES TODAY
4:00
D.K.E.-Sigma Chi
Phi Delts-A.K.L.
El Capitan-Beta
5:00
Biz School-El Tigre
Alpha Delt-Fiji
Delta Chi-A.T.O.
