# Mrs. F.J. Ftonsler Talks At Iota Sigma Pi Meeting
## 
### 
Mrs. F. J. Ftonsler, who is taking
graduate work in the Medical depart
ment, discussed the work necessary for
a Doctors thesis at the meeting of lota
Sigma Pi last evening at Roble hall.
Dorothy Pierce, '22, was elected secre
tary-treasurer of the club on the resig
nation of Leona Mayer, '23, at the busi
ness meeting, which followed Mrs.
Ftonsler's talk.
Mrs. F. J. Ftonsler, who is taking
graduate work in the Medical depart
ment, discussed the work necessary for
a Doctors thesis at the meeting of lota
Sigma Pi last evening at Roble hall.
Dorothy Pierce, '22, was elected secre
tary-treasurer of the club on the resig
nation of Leona Mayer, '23, at the busi
ness meeting, which followed Mrs.
Ftonsler's talk.
Mrs. F. J. Ftonsler, who is taking
graduate work in the Medical depart
ment, discussed the work necessary for
a Doctors thesis at the meeting of lota
Sigma Pi last evening at Roble hall.
Dorothy Pierce, '22, was elected secre
tary-treasurer of the club on the resig
nation of Leona Mayer, '23, at the busi
ness meeting, which followed Mrs.
Ftonsler's talk.
Mrs. F. J. Ftonsler, who is taking
graduate work in the Medical depart
ment, discussed the work necessary for
a Doctors thesis at the meeting of lota
Sigma Pi last evening at Roble hall.
Dorothy Pierce, '22, was elected secre
tary-treasurer of the club on the resig
nation of Leona Mayer, '23, at the busi
ness meeting, which followed Mrs.
Ftonsler's talk.
Mrs. F. J. Ftonsler, who is taking
graduate work in the Medical depart
ment, discussed the work necessary for
a Doctors thesis at the meeting of lota
Sigma Pi last evening at Roble hall.
Dorothy Pierce, '22, was elected secre
tary-treasurer of the club on the resig
nation of Leona Mayer, '23, at the busi
ness meeting, which followed Mrs.
Ftonsler's talk.
Mrs. F. J. Ftonsler, who is taking
graduate work in the Medical depart
ment, discussed the work necessary for
a Doctors thesis at the meeting of lota
Sigma Pi last evening at Roble hall.
Dorothy Pierce, '22, was elected secre
tary-treasurer of the club on the resig
nation of Leona Mayer, '23, at the busi
ness meeting, which followed Mrs.
Ftonsler's talk.
Mrs. F. J. Ftonsler, who is taking
graduate work in the Medical depart
ment, discussed the work necessary for
a Doctors thesis at the meeting of lota
Sigma Pi last evening at Roble hall.
Dorothy Pierce, '22, was elected secre
tary-treasurer of the club on the resig
nation of Leona Mayer, '23, at the busi
ness meeting, which followed Mrs.
Ftonsler's talk.
Mrs. F. J. Ftonsler, who is taking
graduate work in the Medical depart
ment, discussed the work necessary for
a Doctors thesis at the meeting of lota
Sigma Pi last evening at Roble hall.
Dorothy Pierce, '22, was elected secre
tary-treasurer of the club on the resig
nation of Leona Mayer, '23, at the busi
ness meeting, which followed Mrs.
Ftonsler's talk.
Mrs. F. J. Ftonsler, who is taking
graduate work in the Medical depart
ment, discussed the work necessary for
a Doctors thesis at the meeting of lota
Sigma Pi last evening at Roble hall.
Dorothy Pierce, '22, was elected secre
tary-treasurer of the club on the resig
nation of Leona Mayer, '23, at the busi
ness meeting, which followed Mrs.
Ftonsler's talk.
Mrs. F. J. Ftonsler, who is taking
graduate work in the Medical depart
ment, discussed the work necessary for
a Doctors thesis at the meeting of lota
Sigma Pi last evening at Roble hall.
Dorothy Pierce, '22, was elected secre
tary-treasurer of the club on the resig
nation of Leona Mayer, '23, at the busi
ness meeting, which followed Mrs.
Ftonsler's talk.
Mrs. F. J. Ftonsler, who is taking
graduate work in the Medical depart
ment, discussed the work necessary for
a Doctors thesis at the meeting of lota
Sigma Pi last evening at Roble hall.
Dorothy Pierce, '22, was elected secre
tary-treasurer of the club on the resig
nation of Leona Mayer, '23, at the busi
ness meeting, which followed Mrs.
Ftonsler's talk.
Mrs. F. J. Ftonsler, who is taking
graduate work in the Medical depart
ment, discussed the work necessary for
a Doctors thesis at the meeting of lota
Sigma Pi last evening at Roble hall.
Dorothy Pierce, '22, was elected secre
tary-treasurer of the club on the resig
nation of Leona Mayer, '23, at the busi
ness meeting, which followed Mrs.
Ftonsler's talk.
Mrs. F. J. Ftonsler, who is taking
graduate work in the Medical depart
ment, discussed the work necessary for
a Doctors thesis at the meeting of lota
Sigma Pi last evening at Roble hall.
Dorothy Pierce, '22, was elected secre
tary-treasurer of the club on the resig
nation of Leona Mayer, '23, at the busi
ness meeting, which followed Mrs.
Ftonsler's talk.
Mrs. F. J. Ftonsler, who is taking
graduate work in the Medical depart
ment, discussed the work necessary for
a Doctors thesis at the meeting of lota
Sigma Pi last evening at Roble hall.
Dorothy Pierce, '22, was elected secre
tary-treasurer of the club on the resig
nation of Leona Mayer, '23, at the busi
ness meeting, which followed Mrs.
Ftonsler's talk.
