# Thirty-Two Make First Sophomore Play Tryouts
## 
### 
Eight women and twenty-four men
weathered the first tryouts for the
Sophomore Play. They are: Carolan
Strouse, Sara Meskimons, Joanna Hol
hrook, Roberta Mitchell, Foresta Hodg
son, Thompson, Virginia Hender
son, Barbara Wellington, James Shelly,
Hume West, Lyman Lewis, Bob Triest,
Talbot Bielefeldt, George Marks, Elvan
Hansell, Cranston Stroup, Harold A.
Miller, R. N. Faulkner, Holmes, R.
Stewart, Bob White, G. L. Tremaine,
Alan RobArtson, Alfred Rogers, R. P.
Myers, Everett R. Smith, James C. Muir,
Bradford Adams, Earl Cairns, Carl An
derson, Stanley Belcher, David Lamson,
and Harry Nolan. 0
These, together with successful try
outees this afternoon, whose names will
be posted on the door of the Green
Room, will meet for final tryouts tomor
row afternoon from 3 to 5:30 in the
Assembly hall.
