# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Cold Feet?
'f N \
\ A
Uj
Walster's h.ivc n hof number
in socks af 80c in white,
blue, and maize.
335 University Ave.
Cold Feet?
'f N \
\ A
Uj
Walster's h.ivc n hof number
in socks af 80c in white,
blue, and maize.
335 University Ave.
Cold Feet?
'f N \
\ A
Uj
Walster's h.ivc n hof number
in socks af 80c in white,
blue, and maize.
335 University Ave.
Cold Feet?
'f N \
\ A
Uj
Walster's h.ivc n hof number
in socks af 80c in white,
blue, and maize.
335 University Ave.
Cold Feet?
'f N \
\ A
Uj
Walster's h.ivc n hof number
in socks af 80c in white,
blue, and maize.
335 University Ave.
Cold Feet?
'f N \
\ A
Uj
Walster's h.ivc n hof number
in socks af 80c in white,
blue, and maize.
335 University Ave.
Cold Feet?
'f N \
\ A
Uj
Walster's h.ivc n hof number
in socks af 80c in white,
blue, and maize.
335 University Ave.
Cold Feet?
'f N \
\ A
Uj
Walster's h.ivc n hof number
in socks af 80c in white,
blue, and maize.
335 University Ave.
Cold Feet?
'f N \
\ A
Uj
Walster's h.ivc n hof number
in socks af 80c in white,
blue, and maize.
335 University Ave.
Cold Feet?
'f N \
\ A
Uj
Walster's h.ivc n hof number
in socks af 80c in white,
blue, and maize.
335 University Ave.
Cold Feet?
'f N \
\ A
Uj
Walster's h.ivc n hof number
in socks af 80c in white,
blue, and maize.
335 University Ave.
Cold Feet?
'f N \
\ A
Uj
Walster's h.ivc n hof number
in socks af 80c in white,
blue, and maize.
335 University Ave.
Cold Feet?
'f N \
\ A
Uj
Walster's h.ivc n hof number
in socks af 80c in white,
blue, and maize.
335 University Ave.
Cold Feet?
'f N \
\ A
Uj
Walster's h.ivc n hof number
in socks af 80c in white,
blue, and maize.
335 University Ave.
Cold Feet?
'f N \
\ A
Uj
Walster's h.ivc n hof number
in socks af 80c in white,
blue, and maize.
335 University Ave.
