# ORGAN RECTTAL TODAY
## 
### 
D. Sterling Wheelwright, assistant
University organist, will present an
organ recital this afternoon at 4:15
in Memorial Church.
He will play "Largo in E," "Fan
tasia, A Mighty Fortress Is Our
God," "Reverie," "Ganatte," "An
dante Cantabile, Symphony No. 5,"
and "Shadow March."
D. Sterling Wheelwright, assistant
University organist, will present an
organ recital this afternoon at 4:15
in Memorial Church.
He will play "Largo in E," "Fan
tasia, A Mighty Fortress Is Our
God," "Reverie," "Ganatte," "An
dante Cantabile, Symphony No. 5,"
and "Shadow March."
D. Sterling Wheelwright, assistant
University organist, will present an
organ recital this afternoon at 4:15
in Memorial Church.
He will play "Largo in E," "Fan
tasia, A Mighty Fortress Is Our
God," "Reverie," "Ganatte," "An
dante Cantabile, Symphony No. 5,"
and "Shadow March."
D. Sterling Wheelwright, assistant
University organist, will present an
organ recital this afternoon at 4:15
in Memorial Church.
He will play "Largo in E," "Fan
tasia, A Mighty Fortress Is Our
God," "Reverie," "Ganatte," "An
dante Cantabile, Symphony No. 5,"
and "Shadow March."
D. Sterling Wheelwright, assistant
University organist, will present an
organ recital this afternoon at 4:15
in Memorial Church.
He will play "Largo in E," "Fan
tasia, A Mighty Fortress Is Our
God," "Reverie," "Ganatte," "An
dante Cantabile, Symphony No. 5,"
and "Shadow March."
D. Sterling Wheelwright, assistant
University organist, will present an
organ recital this afternoon at 4:15
in Memorial Church.
He will play "Largo in E," "Fan
tasia, A Mighty Fortress Is Our
God," "Reverie," "Ganatte," "An
dante Cantabile, Symphony No. 5,"
and "Shadow March."
D. Sterling Wheelwright, assistant
University organist, will present an
organ recital this afternoon at 4:15
in Memorial Church.
He will play "Largo in E," "Fan
tasia, A Mighty Fortress Is Our
God," "Reverie," "Ganatte," "An
dante Cantabile, Symphony No. 5,"
and "Shadow March."
D. Sterling Wheelwright, assistant
University organist, will present an
organ recital this afternoon at 4:15
in Memorial Church.
He will play "Largo in E," "Fan
tasia, A Mighty Fortress Is Our
God," "Reverie," "Ganatte," "An
dante Cantabile, Symphony No. 5,"
and "Shadow March."
D. Sterling Wheelwright, assistant
University organist, will present an
organ recital this afternoon at 4:15
in Memorial Church.
He will play "Largo in E," "Fan
tasia, A Mighty Fortress Is Our
God," "Reverie," "Ganatte," "An
dante Cantabile, Symphony No. 5,"
and "Shadow March."
D. Sterling Wheelwright, assistant
University organist, will present an
organ recital this afternoon at 4:15
in Memorial Church.
He will play "Largo in E," "Fan
tasia, A Mighty Fortress Is Our
God," "Reverie," "Ganatte," "An
dante Cantabile, Symphony No. 5,"
and "Shadow March."
D. Sterling Wheelwright, assistant
University organist, will present an
organ recital this afternoon at 4:15
in Memorial Church.
He will play "Largo in E," "Fan
tasia, A Mighty Fortress Is Our
God," "Reverie," "Ganatte," "An
dante Cantabile, Symphony No. 5,"
and "Shadow March."
D. Sterling Wheelwright, assistant
University organist, will present an
organ recital this afternoon at 4:15
in Memorial Church.
He will play "Largo in E," "Fan
tasia, A Mighty Fortress Is Our
God," "Reverie," "Ganatte," "An
dante Cantabile, Symphony No. 5,"
and "Shadow March."
D. Sterling Wheelwright, assistant
University organist, will present an
organ recital this afternoon at 4:15
in Memorial Church.
He will play "Largo in E," "Fan
tasia, A Mighty Fortress Is Our
God," "Reverie," "Ganatte," "An
dante Cantabile, Symphony No. 5,"
and "Shadow March."
D. Sterling Wheelwright, assistant
University organist, will present an
organ recital this afternoon at 4:15
in Memorial Church.
He will play "Largo in E," "Fan
tasia, A Mighty Fortress Is Our
God," "Reverie," "Ganatte," "An
dante Cantabile, Symphony No. 5,"
and "Shadow March."
D. Sterling Wheelwright, assistant
University organist, will present an
organ recital this afternoon at 4:15
in Memorial Church.
He will play "Largo in E," "Fan
tasia, A Mighty Fortress Is Our
God," "Reverie," "Ganatte," "An
dante Cantabile, Symphony No. 5,"
and "Shadow March."
