# MAY BARELY WIN
## 
### 
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 30
(l T P). —The Oregon State College
Athletic Department tonight ad
monished Stanford's football play
ers to take i( easy here Saturday i
—the Oregon State football suits
are coming apart. The Beavers
ordered new uniforms last spring,
but they haven't arrived and the
old ones were described as in '
delicate condition.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 30
(l T P). —The Oregon State College
Athletic Department tonight ad
monished Stanford's football play
ers to take i( easy here Saturday i
—the Oregon State football suits
are coming apart. The Beavers
ordered new uniforms last spring,
but they haven't arrived and the
old ones were described as in '
delicate condition.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 30
(l T P). —The Oregon State College
Athletic Department tonight ad
monished Stanford's football play
ers to take i( easy here Saturday i
—the Oregon State football suits
are coming apart. The Beavers
ordered new uniforms last spring,
but they haven't arrived and the
old ones were described as in '
delicate condition.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 30
(l T P). —The Oregon State College
Athletic Department tonight ad
monished Stanford's football play
ers to take i( easy here Saturday i
—the Oregon State football suits
are coming apart. The Beavers
ordered new uniforms last spring,
but they haven't arrived and the
old ones were described as in '
delicate condition.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 30
(l T P). —The Oregon State College
Athletic Department tonight ad
monished Stanford's football play
ers to take i( easy here Saturday i
—the Oregon State football suits
are coming apart. The Beavers
ordered new uniforms last spring,
but they haven't arrived and the
old ones were described as in '
delicate condition.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 30
(l T P). —The Oregon State College
Athletic Department tonight ad
monished Stanford's football play
ers to take i( easy here Saturday i
—the Oregon State football suits
are coming apart. The Beavers
ordered new uniforms last spring,
but they haven't arrived and the
old ones were described as in '
delicate condition.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 30
(l T P). —The Oregon State College
Athletic Department tonight ad
monished Stanford's football play
ers to take i( easy here Saturday i
—the Oregon State football suits
are coming apart. The Beavers
ordered new uniforms last spring,
but they haven't arrived and the
old ones were described as in '
delicate condition.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 30
(l T P). —The Oregon State College
Athletic Department tonight ad
monished Stanford's football play
ers to take i( easy here Saturday i
—the Oregon State football suits
are coming apart. The Beavers
ordered new uniforms last spring,
but they haven't arrived and the
old ones were described as in '
delicate condition.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 30
(l T P). —The Oregon State College
Athletic Department tonight ad
monished Stanford's football play
ers to take i( easy here Saturday i
—the Oregon State football suits
are coming apart. The Beavers
ordered new uniforms last spring,
but they haven't arrived and the
old ones were described as in '
delicate condition.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 30
(l T P). —The Oregon State College
Athletic Department tonight ad
monished Stanford's football play
ers to take i( easy here Saturday i
—the Oregon State football suits
are coming apart. The Beavers
ordered new uniforms last spring,
but they haven't arrived and the
old ones were described as in '
delicate condition.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 30
(l T P). —The Oregon State College
Athletic Department tonight ad
monished Stanford's football play
ers to take i( easy here Saturday i
—the Oregon State football suits
are coming apart. The Beavers
ordered new uniforms last spring,
but they haven't arrived and the
old ones were described as in '
delicate condition.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 30
(l T P). —The Oregon State College
Athletic Department tonight ad
monished Stanford's football play
ers to take i( easy here Saturday i
—the Oregon State football suits
are coming apart. The Beavers
ordered new uniforms last spring,
but they haven't arrived and the
old ones were described as in '
delicate condition.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 30
(l T P). —The Oregon State College
Athletic Department tonight ad
monished Stanford's football play
ers to take i( easy here Saturday i
—the Oregon State football suits
are coming apart. The Beavers
ordered new uniforms last spring,
but they haven't arrived and the
old ones were described as in '
delicate condition.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 30
(l T P). —The Oregon State College
Athletic Department tonight ad
monished Stanford's football play
ers to take i( easy here Saturday i
—the Oregon State football suits
are coming apart. The Beavers
ordered new uniforms last spring,
but they haven't arrived and the
old ones were described as in '
delicate condition.
CORVALLIS, Ore., Oct. 30
(l T P). —The Oregon State College
Athletic Department tonight ad
monished Stanford's football play
ers to take i( easy here Saturday i
—the Oregon State football suits
are coming apart. The Beavers
ordered new uniforms last spring,
but they haven't arrived and the
old ones were described as in '
delicate condition.
