# Mart Johnson Sees Position as Help to Career
## 
### Dave. Quarles 
In supervising financial matters
of the Associated Students of
Stanford University. Mart John
son has his hands full. However,
the position of student financial
manager has not deterred him
from many other activities.
Johnson's official capacities in
clude overseeing the ASSU budget
and supervising the Students' Or
ganization Fund, the depository in
which all clubs must place their
funds. After some quick calcula
tion, Johnson figured that he
handled over half a million dol
lars in one year—on paper, that
is.
To distract him from matters
financial, Johnson has a hi-fi set
in his office. Laic at night one
may hear Tchaikovsky's Piano
Concerto No. 2 or music by Rich
ard Rodgers coming from his of
fice as he attacks a "big pile of
purchase orders."
Being from Grand Haven. Mich.,
Johnson takes advantage of thai
state's many Jakes by sailing on
Spring Lake, which is near his
home. Skiing also appeals to him.
Johnson is aiming for a B.S. in
chemical engineering and a com
mission in the U.S. Navy, both of
which he expects to receive this
June. He hopes eventually to go
into business.
Politics is one of his major
interests. Being conservative, his
most admired politician was the
late Sen. Robert Taft. To supple
ment this interest, Johnson is
taking a senior colloquium on
conservatism.
As most other ASSU officers,
Johnson's main hangout is his of
fice. However, when he is not
coping with figures and decimal
points, he is, many times, found
at the LI Toro eating club.

In supervising financial matters
of the Associated Students of
Stanford University. Mart John
son has his hands full. However,
the position of student financial
manager has not deterred him
from many other activities.
Johnson's official capacities in
clude overseeing the ASSU budget
and supervising the Students' Or
ganization Fund, the depository in
which all clubs must place their
funds. After some quick calcula
tion, Johnson figured that he
handled over half a million dol
lars in one year—on paper, that
is.
To distract him from matters
financial, Johnson has a hi-fi set
in his office. Laic at night one
may hear Tchaikovsky's Piano
Concerto No. 2 or music by Rich
ard Rodgers coming from his of
fice as he attacks a "big pile of
purchase orders."
Being from Grand Haven. Mich.,
Johnson takes advantage of thai
state's many Jakes by sailing on
Spring Lake, which is near his
home. Skiing also appeals to him.
Johnson is aiming for a B.S. in
chemical engineering and a com
mission in the U.S. Navy, both of
which he expects to receive this
June. He hopes eventually to go
into business.
Politics is one of his major
interests. Being conservative, his
most admired politician was the
late Sen. Robert Taft. To supple
ment this interest, Johnson is
taking a senior colloquium on
conservatism.
As most other ASSU officers,
Johnson's main hangout is his of
fice. However, when he is not
coping with figures and decimal
points, he is, many times, found
at the LI Toro eating club.

In supervising financial matters
of the Associated Students of
Stanford University. Mart John
son has his hands full. However,
the position of student financial
manager has not deterred him
from many other activities.
Johnson's official capacities in
clude overseeing the ASSU budget
and supervising the Students' Or
ganization Fund, the depository in
which all clubs must place their
funds. After some quick calcula
tion, Johnson figured that he
handled over half a million dol
lars in one year—on paper, that
is.
To distract him from matters
financial, Johnson has a hi-fi set
in his office. Laic at night one
may hear Tchaikovsky's Piano
Concerto No. 2 or music by Rich
ard Rodgers coming from his of
fice as he attacks a "big pile of
purchase orders."
Being from Grand Haven. Mich.,
Johnson takes advantage of thai
state's many Jakes by sailing on
Spring Lake, which is near his
home. Skiing also appeals to him.
Johnson is aiming for a B.S. in
chemical engineering and a com
mission in the U.S. Navy, both of
which he expects to receive this
June. He hopes eventually to go
into business.
Politics is one of his major
interests. Being conservative, his
most admired politician was the
late Sen. Robert Taft. To supple
ment this interest, Johnson is
taking a senior colloquium on
conservatism.
As most other ASSU officers,
Johnson's main hangout is his of
fice. However, when he is not
coping with figures and decimal
points, he is, many times, found
at the LI Toro eating club.

In supervising financial matters
of the Associated Students of
Stanford University. Mart John
son has his hands full. However,
the position of student financial
manager has not deterred him
from many other activities.
Johnson's official capacities in
clude overseeing the ASSU budget
and supervising the Students' Or
ganization Fund, the depository in
which all clubs must place their
funds. After some quick calcula
tion, Johnson figured that he
handled over half a million dol
lars in one year—on paper, that
is.
To distract him from matters
financial, Johnson has a hi-fi set
in his office. Laic at night one
may hear Tchaikovsky's Piano
Concerto No. 2 or music by Rich
ard Rodgers coming from his of
fice as he attacks a "big pile of
purchase orders."
Being from Grand Haven. Mich.,
Johnson takes advantage of thai
state's many Jakes by sailing on
Spring Lake, which is near his
home. Skiing also appeals to him.
Johnson is aiming for a B.S. in
chemical engineering and a com
mission in the U.S. Navy, both of
which he expects to receive this
June. He hopes eventually to go
into business.
Politics is one of his major
interests. Being conservative, his
most admired politician was the
late Sen. Robert Taft. To supple
ment this interest, Johnson is
taking a senior colloquium on
conservatism.
As most other ASSU officers,
Johnson's main hangout is his of
fice. However, when he is not
coping with figures and decimal
points, he is, many times, found
at the LI Toro eating club.

In supervising financial matters
of the Associated Students of
Stanford University. Mart John
son has his hands full. However,
the position of student financial
manager has not deterred him
from many other activities.
Johnson's official capacities in
clude overseeing the ASSU budget
and supervising the Students' Or
ganization Fund, the depository in
which all clubs must place their
funds. After some quick calcula
tion, Johnson figured that he
handled over half a million dol
lars in one year—on paper, that
is.
To distract him from matters
financial, Johnson has a hi-fi set
in his office. Laic at night one
may hear Tchaikovsky's Piano
Concerto No. 2 or music by Rich
ard Rodgers coming from his of
fice as he attacks a "big pile of
purchase orders."
Being from Grand Haven. Mich.,
Johnson takes advantage of thai
state's many Jakes by sailing on
Spring Lake, which is near his
home. Skiing also appeals to him.
Johnson is aiming for a B.S. in
chemical engineering and a com
mission in the U.S. Navy, both of
which he expects to receive this
June. He hopes eventually to go
into business.
Politics is one of his major
interests. Being conservative, his
most admired politician was the
late Sen. Robert Taft. To supple
ment this interest, Johnson is
taking a senior colloquium on
conservatism.
As most other ASSU officers,
Johnson's main hangout is his of
fice. However, when he is not
coping with figures and decimal
points, he is, many times, found
at the LI Toro eating club.

In supervising financial matters
of the Associated Students of
Stanford University. Mart John
son has his hands full. However,
the position of student financial
manager has not deterred him
from many other activities.
Johnson's official capacities in
clude overseeing the ASSU budget
and supervising the Students' Or
ganization Fund, the depository in
which all clubs must place their
funds. After some quick calcula
tion, Johnson figured that he
handled over half a million dol
lars in one year—on paper, that
is.
To distract him from matters
financial, Johnson has a hi-fi set
in his office. Laic at night one
may hear Tchaikovsky's Piano
Concerto No. 2 or music by Rich
ard Rodgers coming from his of
fice as he attacks a "big pile of
purchase orders."
Being from Grand Haven. Mich.,
Johnson takes advantage of thai
state's many Jakes by sailing on
Spring Lake, which is near his
home. Skiing also appeals to him.
Johnson is aiming for a B.S. in
chemical engineering and a com
mission in the U.S. Navy, both of
which he expects to receive this
June. He hopes eventually to go
into business.
Politics is one of his major
interests. Being conservative, his
most admired politician was the
late Sen. Robert Taft. To supple
ment this interest, Johnson is
taking a senior colloquium on
conservatism.
As most other ASSU officers,
Johnson's main hangout is his of
fice. However, when he is not
coping with figures and decimal
points, he is, many times, found
at the LI Toro eating club.

In supervising financial matters
of the Associated Students of
Stanford University. Mart John
son has his hands full. However,
the position of student financial
manager has not deterred him
from many other activities.
Johnson's official capacities in
clude overseeing the ASSU budget
and supervising the Students' Or
ganization Fund, the depository in
which all clubs must place their
funds. After some quick calcula
tion, Johnson figured that he
handled over half a million dol
lars in one year—on paper, that
is.
To distract him from matters
financial, Johnson has a hi-fi set
in his office. Laic at night one
may hear Tchaikovsky's Piano
Concerto No. 2 or music by Rich
ard Rodgers coming from his of
fice as he attacks a "big pile of
purchase orders."
Being from Grand Haven. Mich.,
Johnson takes advantage of thai
state's many Jakes by sailing on
Spring Lake, which is near his
home. Skiing also appeals to him.
Johnson is aiming for a B.S. in
chemical engineering and a com
mission in the U.S. Navy, both of
which he expects to receive this
June. He hopes eventually to go
into business.
Politics is one of his major
interests. Being conservative, his
most admired politician was the
late Sen. Robert Taft. To supple
ment this interest, Johnson is
taking a senior colloquium on
conservatism.
As most other ASSU officers,
Johnson's main hangout is his of
fice. However, when he is not
coping with figures and decimal
points, he is, many times, found
at the LI Toro eating club.

In supervising financial matters
of the Associated Students of
Stanford University. Mart John
son has his hands full. However,
the position of student financial
manager has not deterred him
from many other activities.
Johnson's official capacities in
clude overseeing the ASSU budget
and supervising the Students' Or
ganization Fund, the depository in
which all clubs must place their
funds. After some quick calcula
tion, Johnson figured that he
handled over half a million dol
lars in one year—on paper, that
is.
To distract him from matters
financial, Johnson has a hi-fi set
in his office. Laic at night one
may hear Tchaikovsky's Piano
Concerto No. 2 or music by Rich
ard Rodgers coming from his of
fice as he attacks a "big pile of
purchase orders."
Being from Grand Haven. Mich.,
Johnson takes advantage of thai
state's many Jakes by sailing on
Spring Lake, which is near his
home. Skiing also appeals to him.
Johnson is aiming for a B.S. in
chemical engineering and a com
mission in the U.S. Navy, both of
which he expects to receive this
June. He hopes eventually to go
into business.
Politics is one of his major
interests. Being conservative, his
most admired politician was the
late Sen. Robert Taft. To supple
ment this interest, Johnson is
taking a senior colloquium on
conservatism.
As most other ASSU officers,
Johnson's main hangout is his of
fice. However, when he is not
coping with figures and decimal
points, he is, many times, found
at the LI Toro eating club.

In supervising financial matters
of the Associated Students of
Stanford University. Mart John
son has his hands full. However,
the position of student financial
manager has not deterred him
from many other activities.
Johnson's official capacities in
clude overseeing the ASSU budget
and supervising the Students' Or
ganization Fund, the depository in
which all clubs must place their
funds. After some quick calcula
tion, Johnson figured that he
handled over half a million dol
lars in one year—on paper, that
is.
To distract him from matters
financial, Johnson has a hi-fi set
in his office. Laic at night one
may hear Tchaikovsky's Piano
Concerto No. 2 or music by Rich
ard Rodgers coming from his of
fice as he attacks a "big pile of
purchase orders."
Being from Grand Haven. Mich.,
Johnson takes advantage of thai
state's many Jakes by sailing on
Spring Lake, which is near his
home. Skiing also appeals to him.
Johnson is aiming for a B.S. in
chemical engineering and a com
mission in the U.S. Navy, both of
which he expects to receive this
June. He hopes eventually to go
into business.
Politics is one of his major
interests. Being conservative, his
most admired politician was the
late Sen. Robert Taft. To supple
ment this interest, Johnson is
taking a senior colloquium on
conservatism.
As most other ASSU officers,
Johnson's main hangout is his of
fice. However, when he is not
coping with figures and decimal
points, he is, many times, found
at the LI Toro eating club.

In supervising financial matters
of the Associated Students of
Stanford University. Mart John
son has his hands full. However,
the position of student financial
manager has not deterred him
from many other activities.
Johnson's official capacities in
clude overseeing the ASSU budget
and supervising the Students' Or
ganization Fund, the depository in
which all clubs must place their
funds. After some quick calcula
tion, Johnson figured that he
handled over half a million dol
lars in one year—on paper, that
is.
To distract him from matters
financial, Johnson has a hi-fi set
in his office. Laic at night one
may hear Tchaikovsky's Piano
Concerto No. 2 or music by Rich
ard Rodgers coming from his of
fice as he attacks a "big pile of
purchase orders."
Being from Grand Haven. Mich.,
Johnson takes advantage of thai
state's many Jakes by sailing on
Spring Lake, which is near his
home. Skiing also appeals to him.
Johnson is aiming for a B.S. in
chemical engineering and a com
mission in the U.S. Navy, both of
which he expects to receive this
June. He hopes eventually to go
into business.
Politics is one of his major
interests. Being conservative, his
most admired politician was the
late Sen. Robert Taft. To supple
ment this interest, Johnson is
taking a senior colloquium on
conservatism.
As most other ASSU officers,
Johnson's main hangout is his of
fice. However, when he is not
coping with figures and decimal
points, he is, many times, found
at the LI Toro eating club.

In supervising financial matters
of the Associated Students of
Stanford University. Mart John
son has his hands full. However,
the position of student financial
manager has not deterred him
from many other activities.
Johnson's official capacities in
clude overseeing the ASSU budget
and supervising the Students' Or
ganization Fund, the depository in
which all clubs must place their
funds. After some quick calcula
tion, Johnson figured that he
handled over half a million dol
lars in one year—on paper, that
is.
To distract him from matters
financial, Johnson has a hi-fi set
in his office. Laic at night one
may hear Tchaikovsky's Piano
Concerto No. 2 or music by Rich
ard Rodgers coming from his of
fice as he attacks a "big pile of
purchase orders."
Being from Grand Haven. Mich.,
Johnson takes advantage of thai
state's many Jakes by sailing on
Spring Lake, which is near his
home. Skiing also appeals to him.
Johnson is aiming for a B.S. in
chemical engineering and a com
mission in the U.S. Navy, both of
which he expects to receive this
June. He hopes eventually to go
into business.
Politics is one of his major
interests. Being conservative, his
most admired politician was the
late Sen. Robert Taft. To supple
ment this interest, Johnson is
taking a senior colloquium on
conservatism.
As most other ASSU officers,
Johnson's main hangout is his of
fice. However, when he is not
coping with figures and decimal
points, he is, many times, found
at the LI Toro eating club.

In supervising financial matters
of the Associated Students of
Stanford University. Mart John
son has his hands full. However,
the position of student financial
manager has not deterred him
from many other activities.
Johnson's official capacities in
clude overseeing the ASSU budget
and supervising the Students' Or
ganization Fund, the depository in
which all clubs must place their
funds. After some quick calcula
tion, Johnson figured that he
handled over half a million dol
lars in one year—on paper, that
is.
To distract him from matters
financial, Johnson has a hi-fi set
in his office. Laic at night one
may hear Tchaikovsky's Piano
Concerto No. 2 or music by Rich
ard Rodgers coming from his of
fice as he attacks a "big pile of
purchase orders."
Being from Grand Haven. Mich.,
Johnson takes advantage of thai
state's many Jakes by sailing on
Spring Lake, which is near his
home. Skiing also appeals to him.
Johnson is aiming for a B.S. in
chemical engineering and a com
mission in the U.S. Navy, both of
which he expects to receive this
June. He hopes eventually to go
into business.
Politics is one of his major
interests. Being conservative, his
most admired politician was the
late Sen. Robert Taft. To supple
ment this interest, Johnson is
taking a senior colloquium on
conservatism.
As most other ASSU officers,
Johnson's main hangout is his of
fice. However, when he is not
coping with figures and decimal
points, he is, many times, found
at the LI Toro eating club.

In supervising financial matters
of the Associated Students of
Stanford University. Mart John
son has his hands full. However,
the position of student financial
manager has not deterred him
from many other activities.
Johnson's official capacities in
clude overseeing the ASSU budget
and supervising the Students' Or
ganization Fund, the depository in
which all clubs must place their
funds. After some quick calcula
tion, Johnson figured that he
handled over half a million dol
lars in one year—on paper, that
is.
To distract him from matters
financial, Johnson has a hi-fi set
in his office. Laic at night one
may hear Tchaikovsky's Piano
Concerto No. 2 or music by Rich
ard Rodgers coming from his of
fice as he attacks a "big pile of
purchase orders."
Being from Grand Haven. Mich.,
Johnson takes advantage of thai
state's many Jakes by sailing on
Spring Lake, which is near his
home. Skiing also appeals to him.
Johnson is aiming for a B.S. in
chemical engineering and a com
mission in the U.S. Navy, both of
which he expects to receive this
June. He hopes eventually to go
into business.
Politics is one of his major
interests. Being conservative, his
most admired politician was the
late Sen. Robert Taft. To supple
ment this interest, Johnson is
taking a senior colloquium on
conservatism.
As most other ASSU officers,
Johnson's main hangout is his of
fice. However, when he is not
coping with figures and decimal
points, he is, many times, found
at the LI Toro eating club.

In supervising financial matters
of the Associated Students of
Stanford University. Mart John
son has his hands full. However,
the position of student financial
manager has not deterred him
from many other activities.
Johnson's official capacities in
clude overseeing the ASSU budget
and supervising the Students' Or
ganization Fund, the depository in
which all clubs must place their
funds. After some quick calcula
tion, Johnson figured that he
handled over half a million dol
lars in one year—on paper, that
is.
To distract him from matters
financial, Johnson has a hi-fi set
in his office. Laic at night one
may hear Tchaikovsky's Piano
Concerto No. 2 or music by Rich
ard Rodgers coming from his of
fice as he attacks a "big pile of
purchase orders."
Being from Grand Haven. Mich.,
Johnson takes advantage of thai
state's many Jakes by sailing on
Spring Lake, which is near his
home. Skiing also appeals to him.
Johnson is aiming for a B.S. in
chemical engineering and a com
mission in the U.S. Navy, both of
which he expects to receive this
June. He hopes eventually to go
into business.
Politics is one of his major
interests. Being conservative, his
most admired politician was the
late Sen. Robert Taft. To supple
ment this interest, Johnson is
taking a senior colloquium on
conservatism.
As most other ASSU officers,
Johnson's main hangout is his of
fice. However, when he is not
coping with figures and decimal
points, he is, many times, found
at the LI Toro eating club.

In supervising financial matters
of the Associated Students of
Stanford University. Mart John
son has his hands full. However,
the position of student financial
manager has not deterred him
from many other activities.
Johnson's official capacities in
clude overseeing the ASSU budget
and supervising the Students' Or
ganization Fund, the depository in
which all clubs must place their
funds. After some quick calcula
tion, Johnson figured that he
handled over half a million dol
lars in one year—on paper, that
is.
To distract him from matters
financial, Johnson has a hi-fi set
in his office. Laic at night one
may hear Tchaikovsky's Piano
Concerto No. 2 or music by Rich
ard Rodgers coming from his of
fice as he attacks a "big pile of
purchase orders."
Being from Grand Haven. Mich.,
Johnson takes advantage of thai
state's many Jakes by sailing on
Spring Lake, which is near his
home. Skiing also appeals to him.
Johnson is aiming for a B.S. in
chemical engineering and a com
mission in the U.S. Navy, both of
which he expects to receive this
June. He hopes eventually to go
into business.
Politics is one of his major
interests. Being conservative, his
most admired politician was the
late Sen. Robert Taft. To supple
ment this interest, Johnson is
taking a senior colloquium on
conservatism.
As most other ASSU officers,
Johnson's main hangout is his of
fice. However, when he is not
coping with figures and decimal
points, he is, many times, found
at the LI Toro eating club.

In supervising financial matters
of the Associated Students of
Stanford University. Mart John
son has his hands full. However,
the position of student financial
manager has not deterred him
from many other activities.
Johnson's official capacities in
clude overseeing the ASSU budget
and supervising the Students' Or
ganization Fund, the depository in
which all clubs must place their
funds. After some quick calcula
tion, Johnson figured that he
handled over half a million dol
lars in one year—on paper, that
is.
To distract him from matters
financial, Johnson has a hi-fi set
in his office. Laic at night one
may hear Tchaikovsky's Piano
Concerto No. 2 or music by Rich
ard Rodgers coming from his of
fice as he attacks a "big pile of
purchase orders."
Being from Grand Haven. Mich.,
Johnson takes advantage of thai
state's many Jakes by sailing on
Spring Lake, which is near his
home. Skiing also appeals to him.
Johnson is aiming for a B.S. in
chemical engineering and a com
mission in the U.S. Navy, both of
which he expects to receive this
June. He hopes eventually to go
into business.
Politics is one of his major
interests. Being conservative, his
most admired politician was the
late Sen. Robert Taft. To supple
ment this interest, Johnson is
taking a senior colloquium on
conservatism.
As most other ASSU officers,
Johnson's main hangout is his of
fice. However, when he is not
coping with figures and decimal
points, he is, many times, found
at the LI Toro eating club.

