# Water Safety Class Requisites Change
## 
### 
The Department of Physical
Education for Women has an
nounced a change in the prereq
uisites for enrollment in the Wa
ter Safety Instructors' course
which is being offered spring
quarter.
Enrollees must have received
their Senior Lifesaving Certifi
cate at Stanford during the cur
rent school year. Lifesaving will
be listed in the Winter Quarter
Time Schedule to enable women
students to meet this prerequi
site.
In addition, the minimum age
for Water Safety instruction is
19 before enrollment in the class
and all must be recommended by
one of the swimming .instructors
at Stanford on the basis of swim
ming skill.
Women who passed lifesaving
last spring quarter may check
their eligibility for Water Safe
ty instruction with Miss Stra
thairn any time before pre-regis
tration for winter quarter.
