# ASSU Will Repair Lag Barbecue Pit
## 
### 
Work started this week on the
rebuilding of the barbecue pit
near the Lake Lag boat house.
The project is sponsored by the
ASSU and will cost about $100,
according to Business Manager
Martin Johnson.
The new grills will be remov
able and may also be raised up
and down.
Work started this week on the
rebuilding of the barbecue pit
near the Lake Lag boat house.
The project is sponsored by the
ASSU and will cost about $100,
according to Business Manager
Martin Johnson.
The new grills will be remov
able and may also be raised up
and down.
Work started this week on the
rebuilding of the barbecue pit
near the Lake Lag boat house.
The project is sponsored by the
ASSU and will cost about $100,
according to Business Manager
Martin Johnson.
The new grills will be remov
able and may also be raised up
and down.
Work started this week on the
rebuilding of the barbecue pit
near the Lake Lag boat house.
The project is sponsored by the
ASSU and will cost about $100,
according to Business Manager
Martin Johnson.
The new grills will be remov
able and may also be raised up
and down.
Work started this week on the
rebuilding of the barbecue pit
near the Lake Lag boat house.
The project is sponsored by the
ASSU and will cost about $100,
according to Business Manager
Martin Johnson.
The new grills will be remov
able and may also be raised up
and down.
Work started this week on the
rebuilding of the barbecue pit
near the Lake Lag boat house.
The project is sponsored by the
ASSU and will cost about $100,
according to Business Manager
Martin Johnson.
The new grills will be remov
able and may also be raised up
and down.
Work started this week on the
rebuilding of the barbecue pit
near the Lake Lag boat house.
The project is sponsored by the
ASSU and will cost about $100,
according to Business Manager
Martin Johnson.
The new grills will be remov
able and may also be raised up
and down.
Work started this week on the
rebuilding of the barbecue pit
near the Lake Lag boat house.
The project is sponsored by the
ASSU and will cost about $100,
according to Business Manager
Martin Johnson.
The new grills will be remov
able and may also be raised up
and down.
Work started this week on the
rebuilding of the barbecue pit
near the Lake Lag boat house.
The project is sponsored by the
ASSU and will cost about $100,
according to Business Manager
Martin Johnson.
The new grills will be remov
able and may also be raised up
and down.
Work started this week on the
rebuilding of the barbecue pit
near the Lake Lag boat house.
The project is sponsored by the
ASSU and will cost about $100,
according to Business Manager
Martin Johnson.
The new grills will be remov
able and may also be raised up
and down.
Work started this week on the
rebuilding of the barbecue pit
near the Lake Lag boat house.
The project is sponsored by the
ASSU and will cost about $100,
according to Business Manager
Martin Johnson.
The new grills will be remov
able and may also be raised up
and down.
Work started this week on the
rebuilding of the barbecue pit
near the Lake Lag boat house.
The project is sponsored by the
ASSU and will cost about $100,
according to Business Manager
Martin Johnson.
The new grills will be remov
able and may also be raised up
and down.
Work started this week on the
rebuilding of the barbecue pit
near the Lake Lag boat house.
The project is sponsored by the
ASSU and will cost about $100,
according to Business Manager
Martin Johnson.
The new grills will be remov
able and may also be raised up
and down.
Work started this week on the
rebuilding of the barbecue pit
near the Lake Lag boat house.
The project is sponsored by the
ASSU and will cost about $100,
according to Business Manager
Martin Johnson.
The new grills will be remov
able and may also be raised up
and down.
Work started this week on the
rebuilding of the barbecue pit
near the Lake Lag boat house.
The project is sponsored by the
ASSU and will cost about $100,
according to Business Manager
Martin Johnson.
The new grills will be remov
able and may also be raised up
and down.
Work started this week on the
rebuilding of the barbecue pit
near the Lake Lag boat house.
The project is sponsored by the
ASSU and will cost about $100,
according to Business Manager
Martin Johnson.
The new grills will be remov
able and may also be raised up
and down.
