# GAIETIES DISCS READY
## 
### 
All those interested in ordering
recordings of Gaieties tunes and
songs, made by the Jive Bombers,
the Gaieties all-student orchestra,
with the help of the Gaieties sing
ers are requested to drop a post
card to Dramatic Council or pop a
note into the Dramatic Council box
in the Old Union before next Tues
day. There will be five discs re
leased, each with two sides, for ap
proximately 40 cents.
All those interested in ordering
recordings of Gaieties tunes and
songs, made by the Jive Bombers,
the Gaieties all-student orchestra,
with the help of the Gaieties sing
ers are requested to drop a post
card to Dramatic Council or pop a
note into the Dramatic Council box
in the Old Union before next Tues
day. There will be five discs re
leased, each with two sides, for ap
proximately 40 cents.
All those interested in ordering
recordings of Gaieties tunes and
songs, made by the Jive Bombers,
the Gaieties all-student orchestra,
with the help of the Gaieties sing
ers are requested to drop a post
card to Dramatic Council or pop a
note into the Dramatic Council box
in the Old Union before next Tues
day. There will be five discs re
leased, each with two sides, for ap
proximately 40 cents.
All those interested in ordering
recordings of Gaieties tunes and
songs, made by the Jive Bombers,
the Gaieties all-student orchestra,
with the help of the Gaieties sing
ers are requested to drop a post
card to Dramatic Council or pop a
note into the Dramatic Council box
in the Old Union before next Tues
day. There will be five discs re
leased, each with two sides, for ap
proximately 40 cents.
All those interested in ordering
recordings of Gaieties tunes and
songs, made by the Jive Bombers,
the Gaieties all-student orchestra,
with the help of the Gaieties sing
ers are requested to drop a post
card to Dramatic Council or pop a
note into the Dramatic Council box
in the Old Union before next Tues
day. There will be five discs re
leased, each with two sides, for ap
proximately 40 cents.
All those interested in ordering
recordings of Gaieties tunes and
songs, made by the Jive Bombers,
the Gaieties all-student orchestra,
with the help of the Gaieties sing
ers are requested to drop a post
card to Dramatic Council or pop a
note into the Dramatic Council box
in the Old Union before next Tues
day. There will be five discs re
leased, each with two sides, for ap
proximately 40 cents.
All those interested in ordering
recordings of Gaieties tunes and
songs, made by the Jive Bombers,
the Gaieties all-student orchestra,
with the help of the Gaieties sing
ers are requested to drop a post
card to Dramatic Council or pop a
note into the Dramatic Council box
in the Old Union before next Tues
day. There will be five discs re
leased, each with two sides, for ap
proximately 40 cents.
All those interested in ordering
recordings of Gaieties tunes and
songs, made by the Jive Bombers,
the Gaieties all-student orchestra,
with the help of the Gaieties sing
ers are requested to drop a post
card to Dramatic Council or pop a
note into the Dramatic Council box
in the Old Union before next Tues
day. There will be five discs re
leased, each with two sides, for ap
proximately 40 cents.
All those interested in ordering
recordings of Gaieties tunes and
songs, made by the Jive Bombers,
the Gaieties all-student orchestra,
with the help of the Gaieties sing
ers are requested to drop a post
card to Dramatic Council or pop a
note into the Dramatic Council box
in the Old Union before next Tues
day. There will be five discs re
leased, each with two sides, for ap
proximately 40 cents.
All those interested in ordering
recordings of Gaieties tunes and
songs, made by the Jive Bombers,
the Gaieties all-student orchestra,
with the help of the Gaieties sing
ers are requested to drop a post
card to Dramatic Council or pop a
note into the Dramatic Council box
in the Old Union before next Tues
day. There will be five discs re
leased, each with two sides, for ap
proximately 40 cents.
All those interested in ordering
recordings of Gaieties tunes and
songs, made by the Jive Bombers,
the Gaieties all-student orchestra,
with the help of the Gaieties sing
ers are requested to drop a post
card to Dramatic Council or pop a
note into the Dramatic Council box
in the Old Union before next Tues
day. There will be five discs re
leased, each with two sides, for ap
proximately 40 cents.
All those interested in ordering
recordings of Gaieties tunes and
songs, made by the Jive Bombers,
the Gaieties all-student orchestra,
with the help of the Gaieties sing
ers are requested to drop a post
card to Dramatic Council or pop a
note into the Dramatic Council box
in the Old Union before next Tues
day. There will be five discs re
leased, each with two sides, for ap
proximately 40 cents.
All those interested in ordering
recordings of Gaieties tunes and
songs, made by the Jive Bombers,
the Gaieties all-student orchestra,
with the help of the Gaieties sing
ers are requested to drop a post
card to Dramatic Council or pop a
note into the Dramatic Council box
in the Old Union before next Tues
day. There will be five discs re
leased, each with two sides, for ap
proximately 40 cents.
All those interested in ordering
recordings of Gaieties tunes and
songs, made by the Jive Bombers,
the Gaieties all-student orchestra,
with the help of the Gaieties sing
ers are requested to drop a post
card to Dramatic Council or pop a
note into the Dramatic Council box
in the Old Union before next Tues
day. There will be five discs re
leased, each with two sides, for ap
proximately 40 cents.
All those interested in ordering
recordings of Gaieties tunes and
songs, made by the Jive Bombers,
the Gaieties all-student orchestra,
with the help of the Gaieties sing
ers are requested to drop a post
card to Dramatic Council or pop a
note into the Dramatic Council box
in the Old Union before next Tues
day. There will be five discs re
leased, each with two sides, for ap
proximately 40 cents.
All those interested in ordering
recordings of Gaieties tunes and
songs, made by the Jive Bombers,
the Gaieties all-student orchestra,
with the help of the Gaieties sing
ers are requested to drop a post
card to Dramatic Council or pop a
note into the Dramatic Council box
in the Old Union before next Tues
day. There will be five discs re
leased, each with two sides, for ap
proximately 40 cents.
All those interested in ordering
recordings of Gaieties tunes and
songs, made by the Jive Bombers,
the Gaieties all-student orchestra,
with the help of the Gaieties sing
ers are requested to drop a post
card to Dramatic Council or pop a
note into the Dramatic Council box
in the Old Union before next Tues
day. There will be five discs re
leased, each with two sides, for ap
proximately 40 cents.
All those interested in ordering
recordings of Gaieties tunes and
songs, made by the Jive Bombers,
the Gaieties all-student orchestra,
with the help of the Gaieties sing
ers are requested to drop a post
card to Dramatic Council or pop a
note into the Dramatic Council box
in the Old Union before next Tues
day. There will be five discs re
leased, each with two sides, for ap
proximately 40 cents.
