# Tutors Are Asked For Physics Course
## 
### 
Any engineering students who
have taken Engineering Physics and
would like to tutor this year are
asked to sign up with Miss Virginia
Voorheis, Physics secretary, in Room
385.

Three times as many students are
taking Physics 51 — Engineering
Physics—as ever before, according to
Miss Voorheis, and more tutors will
be needed than can be supplied by
the present staff.
Any engineering students who
have taken Engineering Physics and
would like to tutor this year are
asked to sign up with Miss Virginia
Voorheis, Physics secretary, in Room
385.

Three times as many students are
taking Physics 51 — Engineering
Physics—as ever before, according to
Miss Voorheis, and more tutors will
be needed than can be supplied by
the present staff.
Any engineering students who
have taken Engineering Physics and
would like to tutor this year are
asked to sign up with Miss Virginia
Voorheis, Physics secretary, in Room
385.

Three times as many students are
taking Physics 51 — Engineering
Physics—as ever before, according to
Miss Voorheis, and more tutors will
be needed than can be supplied by
the present staff.
Any engineering students who
have taken Engineering Physics and
would like to tutor this year are
asked to sign up with Miss Virginia
Voorheis, Physics secretary, in Room
385.

Three times as many students are
taking Physics 51 — Engineering
Physics—as ever before, according to
Miss Voorheis, and more tutors will
be needed than can be supplied by
the present staff.
Any engineering students who
have taken Engineering Physics and
would like to tutor this year are
asked to sign up with Miss Virginia
Voorheis, Physics secretary, in Room
385.

Three times as many students are
taking Physics 51 — Engineering
Physics—as ever before, according to
Miss Voorheis, and more tutors will
be needed than can be supplied by
the present staff.
Any engineering students who
have taken Engineering Physics and
would like to tutor this year are
asked to sign up with Miss Virginia
Voorheis, Physics secretary, in Room
385.

Three times as many students are
taking Physics 51 — Engineering
Physics—as ever before, according to
Miss Voorheis, and more tutors will
be needed than can be supplied by
the present staff.
Any engineering students who
have taken Engineering Physics and
would like to tutor this year are
asked to sign up with Miss Virginia
Voorheis, Physics secretary, in Room
385.

Three times as many students are
taking Physics 51 — Engineering
Physics—as ever before, according to
Miss Voorheis, and more tutors will
be needed than can be supplied by
the present staff.
Any engineering students who
have taken Engineering Physics and
would like to tutor this year are
asked to sign up with Miss Virginia
Voorheis, Physics secretary, in Room
385.

Three times as many students are
taking Physics 51 — Engineering
Physics—as ever before, according to
Miss Voorheis, and more tutors will
be needed than can be supplied by
the present staff.
Any engineering students who
have taken Engineering Physics and
would like to tutor this year are
asked to sign up with Miss Virginia
Voorheis, Physics secretary, in Room
385.

Three times as many students are
taking Physics 51 — Engineering
Physics—as ever before, according to
Miss Voorheis, and more tutors will
be needed than can be supplied by
the present staff.
Any engineering students who
have taken Engineering Physics and
would like to tutor this year are
asked to sign up with Miss Virginia
Voorheis, Physics secretary, in Room
385.

Three times as many students are
taking Physics 51 — Engineering
Physics—as ever before, according to
Miss Voorheis, and more tutors will
be needed than can be supplied by
the present staff.
Any engineering students who
have taken Engineering Physics and
would like to tutor this year are
asked to sign up with Miss Virginia
Voorheis, Physics secretary, in Room
385.

Three times as many students are
taking Physics 51 — Engineering
Physics—as ever before, according to
Miss Voorheis, and more tutors will
be needed than can be supplied by
the present staff.
Any engineering students who
have taken Engineering Physics and
would like to tutor this year are
asked to sign up with Miss Virginia
Voorheis, Physics secretary, in Room
385.

Three times as many students are
taking Physics 51 — Engineering
Physics—as ever before, according to
Miss Voorheis, and more tutors will
be needed than can be supplied by
the present staff.
Any engineering students who
have taken Engineering Physics and
would like to tutor this year are
asked to sign up with Miss Virginia
Voorheis, Physics secretary, in Room
385.

Three times as many students are
taking Physics 51 — Engineering
Physics—as ever before, according to
Miss Voorheis, and more tutors will
be needed than can be supplied by
the present staff.
Any engineering students who
have taken Engineering Physics and
would like to tutor this year are
asked to sign up with Miss Virginia
Voorheis, Physics secretary, in Room
385.

Three times as many students are
taking Physics 51 — Engineering
Physics—as ever before, according to
Miss Voorheis, and more tutors will
be needed than can be supplied by
the present staff.
Any engineering students who
have taken Engineering Physics and
would like to tutor this year are
asked to sign up with Miss Virginia
Voorheis, Physics secretary, in Room
385.

Three times as many students are
taking Physics 51 — Engineering
Physics—as ever before, according to
Miss Voorheis, and more tutors will
be needed than can be supplied by
the present staff.
Any engineering students who
have taken Engineering Physics and
would like to tutor this year are
asked to sign up with Miss Virginia
Voorheis, Physics secretary, in Room
385.

Three times as many students are
taking Physics 51 — Engineering
Physics—as ever before, according to
Miss Voorheis, and more tutors will
be needed than can be supplied by
the present staff.
Any engineering students who
have taken Engineering Physics and
would like to tutor this year are
asked to sign up with Miss Virginia
Voorheis, Physics secretary, in Room
385.

Three times as many students are
taking Physics 51 — Engineering
Physics—as ever before, according to
Miss Voorheis, and more tutors will
be needed than can be supplied by
the present staff.
Any engineering students who
have taken Engineering Physics and
would like to tutor this year are
asked to sign up with Miss Virginia
Voorheis, Physics secretary, in Room
385.

Three times as many students are
taking Physics 51 — Engineering
Physics—as ever before, according to
Miss Voorheis, and more tutors will
be needed than can be supplied by
the present staff.
