# ALLIES DRIVE INTO TUNISIA
## 
### 

THE MAP ABOVE shows prongs or the Aiiied drive into northern
Tunisia. Broken lines indicate parachute troops that led the way for
more concentrated attacks. Other columns have been reported as mov
ing from Bone to Tcbessa to cut off Rommel between Gabes and Tripoli.

THE MAP ABOVE shows prongs or the Aiiied drive into northern
Tunisia. Broken lines indicate parachute troops that led the way for
more concentrated attacks. Other columns have been reported as mov
ing from Bone to Tcbessa to cut off Rommel between Gabes and Tripoli.

THE MAP ABOVE shows prongs or the Aiiied drive into northern
Tunisia. Broken lines indicate parachute troops that led the way for
more concentrated attacks. Other columns have been reported as mov
ing from Bone to Tcbessa to cut off Rommel between Gabes and Tripoli.

THE MAP ABOVE shows prongs or the Aiiied drive into northern
Tunisia. Broken lines indicate parachute troops that led the way for
more concentrated attacks. Other columns have been reported as mov
ing from Bone to Tcbessa to cut off Rommel between Gabes and Tripoli.

THE MAP ABOVE shows prongs or the Aiiied drive into northern
Tunisia. Broken lines indicate parachute troops that led the way for
more concentrated attacks. Other columns have been reported as mov
ing from Bone to Tcbessa to cut off Rommel between Gabes and Tripoli.

THE MAP ABOVE shows prongs or the Aiiied drive into northern
Tunisia. Broken lines indicate parachute troops that led the way for
more concentrated attacks. Other columns have been reported as mov
ing from Bone to Tcbessa to cut off Rommel between Gabes and Tripoli.

THE MAP ABOVE shows prongs or the Aiiied drive into northern
Tunisia. Broken lines indicate parachute troops that led the way for
more concentrated attacks. Other columns have been reported as mov
ing from Bone to Tcbessa to cut off Rommel between Gabes and Tripoli.

THE MAP ABOVE shows prongs or the Aiiied drive into northern
Tunisia. Broken lines indicate parachute troops that led the way for
more concentrated attacks. Other columns have been reported as mov
ing from Bone to Tcbessa to cut off Rommel between Gabes and Tripoli.

THE MAP ABOVE shows prongs or the Aiiied drive into northern
Tunisia. Broken lines indicate parachute troops that led the way for
more concentrated attacks. Other columns have been reported as mov
ing from Bone to Tcbessa to cut off Rommel between Gabes and Tripoli.

THE MAP ABOVE shows prongs or the Aiiied drive into northern
Tunisia. Broken lines indicate parachute troops that led the way for
more concentrated attacks. Other columns have been reported as mov
ing from Bone to Tcbessa to cut off Rommel between Gabes and Tripoli.

THE MAP ABOVE shows prongs or the Aiiied drive into northern
Tunisia. Broken lines indicate parachute troops that led the way for
more concentrated attacks. Other columns have been reported as mov
ing from Bone to Tcbessa to cut off Rommel between Gabes and Tripoli.

THE MAP ABOVE shows prongs or the Aiiied drive into northern
Tunisia. Broken lines indicate parachute troops that led the way for
more concentrated attacks. Other columns have been reported as mov
ing from Bone to Tcbessa to cut off Rommel between Gabes and Tripoli.

THE MAP ABOVE shows prongs or the Aiiied drive into northern
Tunisia. Broken lines indicate parachute troops that led the way for
more concentrated attacks. Other columns have been reported as mov
ing from Bone to Tcbessa to cut off Rommel between Gabes and Tripoli.

THE MAP ABOVE shows prongs or the Aiiied drive into northern
Tunisia. Broken lines indicate parachute troops that led the way for
more concentrated attacks. Other columns have been reported as mov
ing from Bone to Tcbessa to cut off Rommel between Gabes and Tripoli.

THE MAP ABOVE shows prongs or the Aiiied drive into northern
Tunisia. Broken lines indicate parachute troops that led the way for
more concentrated attacks. Other columns have been reported as mov
ing from Bone to Tcbessa to cut off Rommel between Gabes and Tripoli.

THE MAP ABOVE shows prongs or the Aiiied drive into northern
Tunisia. Broken lines indicate parachute troops that led the way for
more concentrated attacks. Other columns have been reported as mov
ing from Bone to Tcbessa to cut off Rommel between Gabes and Tripoli.

THE MAP ABOVE shows prongs or the Aiiied drive into northern
Tunisia. Broken lines indicate parachute troops that led the way for
more concentrated attacks. Other columns have been reported as mov
ing from Bone to Tcbessa to cut off Rommel between Gabes and Tripoli.

THE MAP ABOVE shows prongs or the Aiiied drive into northern
Tunisia. Broken lines indicate parachute troops that led the way for
more concentrated attacks. Other columns have been reported as mov
ing from Bone to Tcbessa to cut off Rommel between Gabes and Tripoli.
