# BRADLEY GAME
## 
### 
Additional student ticket*, for the
Stanford - Bradley basketball game
to be played in the Cow Palace Feb.
3 will v,o on sale next Monday at th
Department ol Athletics Building.
Tickets will tell for 50 cents, and
student body cards must be pre
sented.
Additional student ticket*, for the
Stanford - Bradley basketball game
to be played in the Cow Palace Feb.
3 will v,o on sale next Monday at th
Department ol Athletics Building.
Tickets will tell for 50 cents, and
student body cards must be pre
sented.
Additional student ticket*, for the
Stanford - Bradley basketball game
to be played in the Cow Palace Feb.
3 will v,o on sale next Monday at th
Department ol Athletics Building.
Tickets will tell for 50 cents, and
student body cards must be pre
sented.
Additional student ticket*, for the
Stanford - Bradley basketball game
to be played in the Cow Palace Feb.
3 will v,o on sale next Monday at th
Department ol Athletics Building.
Tickets will tell for 50 cents, and
student body cards must be pre
sented.
Additional student ticket*, for the
Stanford - Bradley basketball game
to be played in the Cow Palace Feb.
3 will v,o on sale next Monday at th
Department ol Athletics Building.
Tickets will tell for 50 cents, and
student body cards must be pre
sented.
Additional student ticket*, for the
Stanford - Bradley basketball game
to be played in the Cow Palace Feb.
3 will v,o on sale next Monday at th
Department ol Athletics Building.
Tickets will tell for 50 cents, and
student body cards must be pre
sented.
Additional student ticket*, for the
Stanford - Bradley basketball game
to be played in the Cow Palace Feb.
3 will v,o on sale next Monday at th
Department ol Athletics Building.
Tickets will tell for 50 cents, and
student body cards must be pre
sented.
Additional student ticket*, for the
Stanford - Bradley basketball game
to be played in the Cow Palace Feb.
3 will v,o on sale next Monday at th
Department ol Athletics Building.
Tickets will tell for 50 cents, and
student body cards must be pre
sented.
Additional student ticket*, for the
Stanford - Bradley basketball game
to be played in the Cow Palace Feb.
3 will v,o on sale next Monday at th
Department ol Athletics Building.
Tickets will tell for 50 cents, and
student body cards must be pre
sented.
Additional student ticket*, for the
Stanford - Bradley basketball game
to be played in the Cow Palace Feb.
3 will v,o on sale next Monday at th
Department ol Athletics Building.
Tickets will tell for 50 cents, and
student body cards must be pre
sented.
Additional student ticket*, for the
Stanford - Bradley basketball game
to be played in the Cow Palace Feb.
3 will v,o on sale next Monday at th
Department ol Athletics Building.
Tickets will tell for 50 cents, and
student body cards must be pre
sented.
Additional student ticket*, for the
Stanford - Bradley basketball game
to be played in the Cow Palace Feb.
3 will v,o on sale next Monday at th
Department ol Athletics Building.
Tickets will tell for 50 cents, and
student body cards must be pre
sented.
Additional student ticket*, for the
Stanford - Bradley basketball game
to be played in the Cow Palace Feb.
3 will v,o on sale next Monday at th
Department ol Athletics Building.
Tickets will tell for 50 cents, and
student body cards must be pre
sented.
Additional student ticket*, for the
Stanford - Bradley basketball game
to be played in the Cow Palace Feb.
3 will v,o on sale next Monday at th
Department ol Athletics Building.
Tickets will tell for 50 cents, and
student body cards must be pre
sented.
Additional student ticket*, for the
Stanford - Bradley basketball game
to be played in the Cow Palace Feb.
3 will v,o on sale next Monday at th
Department ol Athletics Building.
Tickets will tell for 50 cents, and
student body cards must be pre
sented.
