# Once Around the Quad
## Official Notices OFF-CAMPUS FROSH DUES DUES 
### 
Freshman' dUcs of $4 will be col
lected from ' off - <;ampus freshman
women tomorrow at' 12:30 in the
Tower lounge of tjie Women's Club
house.' ..... .' »
Freshman' dUcs of $4 will be col
lected from ' off - <;ampus freshman
women tomorrow at' 12:30 in the
Tower lounge of tjie Women's Club
house.' ..... .' »
Freshman' dUcs of $4 will be col
lected from ' off - <;ampus freshman
women tomorrow at' 12:30 in the
Tower lounge of tjie Women's Club
house.' ..... .' »
Freshman' dUcs of $4 will be col
lected from ' off - <;ampus freshman
women tomorrow at' 12:30 in the
Tower lounge of tjie Women's Club
house.' ..... .' »
Freshman' dUcs of $4 will be col
lected from ' off - <;ampus freshman
women tomorrow at' 12:30 in the
Tower lounge of tjie Women's Club
house.' ..... .' »
Freshman' dUcs of $4 will be col
lected from ' off - <;ampus freshman
women tomorrow at' 12:30 in the
Tower lounge of tjie Women's Club
house.' ..... .' »
Freshman' dUcs of $4 will be col
lected from ' off - <;ampus freshman
women tomorrow at' 12:30 in the
Tower lounge of tjie Women's Club
house.' ..... .' »
Freshman' dUcs of $4 will be col
lected from ' off - <;ampus freshman
women tomorrow at' 12:30 in the
Tower lounge of tjie Women's Club
house.' ..... .' »
Freshman' dUcs of $4 will be col
lected from ' off - <;ampus freshman
women tomorrow at' 12:30 in the
Tower lounge of tjie Women's Club
house.' ..... .' »
Freshman' dUcs of $4 will be col
lected from ' off - <;ampus freshman
women tomorrow at' 12:30 in the
Tower lounge of tjie Women's Club
house.' ..... .' »
Freshman' dUcs of $4 will be col
lected from ' off - <;ampus freshman
women tomorrow at' 12:30 in the
Tower lounge of tjie Women's Club
house.' ..... .' »
Freshman' dUcs of $4 will be col
lected from ' off - <;ampus freshman
women tomorrow at' 12:30 in the
Tower lounge of tjie Women's Club
house.' ..... .' »
Freshman' dUcs of $4 will be col
lected from ' off - <;ampus freshman
women tomorrow at' 12:30 in the
Tower lounge of tjie Women's Club
house.' ..... .' »
Freshman' dUcs of $4 will be col
lected from ' off - <;ampus freshman
women tomorrow at' 12:30 in the
Tower lounge of tjie Women's Club
house.' ..... .' »
Freshman' dUcs of $4 will be col
lected from ' off - <;ampus freshman
women tomorrow at' 12:30 in the
Tower lounge of tjie Women's Club
house.' ..... .' »
