# CAMPANELLA SIGNS
## 
### 
NEW YORK, Jan. Zi (UP)—Roy
Campanella of the Brooklyn Dodg
ers signed a 1951 contract today
which made him the highest - paid
catcher in the National League.
NEW YORK, Jan. Zi (UP)—Roy
Campanella of the Brooklyn Dodg
ers signed a 1951 contract today
which made him the highest - paid
catcher in the National League.
NEW YORK, Jan. Zi (UP)—Roy
Campanella of the Brooklyn Dodg
ers signed a 1951 contract today
which made him the highest - paid
catcher in the National League.
NEW YORK, Jan. Zi (UP)—Roy
Campanella of the Brooklyn Dodg
ers signed a 1951 contract today
which made him the highest - paid
catcher in the National League.
NEW YORK, Jan. Zi (UP)—Roy
Campanella of the Brooklyn Dodg
ers signed a 1951 contract today
which made him the highest - paid
catcher in the National League.
NEW YORK, Jan. Zi (UP)—Roy
Campanella of the Brooklyn Dodg
ers signed a 1951 contract today
which made him the highest - paid
catcher in the National League.
NEW YORK, Jan. Zi (UP)—Roy
Campanella of the Brooklyn Dodg
ers signed a 1951 contract today
which made him the highest - paid
catcher in the National League.
NEW YORK, Jan. Zi (UP)—Roy
Campanella of the Brooklyn Dodg
ers signed a 1951 contract today
which made him the highest - paid
catcher in the National League.
NEW YORK, Jan. Zi (UP)—Roy
Campanella of the Brooklyn Dodg
ers signed a 1951 contract today
which made him the highest - paid
catcher in the National League.
NEW YORK, Jan. Zi (UP)—Roy
Campanella of the Brooklyn Dodg
ers signed a 1951 contract today
which made him the highest - paid
catcher in the National League.
NEW YORK, Jan. Zi (UP)—Roy
Campanella of the Brooklyn Dodg
ers signed a 1951 contract today
which made him the highest - paid
catcher in the National League.
NEW YORK, Jan. Zi (UP)—Roy
Campanella of the Brooklyn Dodg
ers signed a 1951 contract today
which made him the highest - paid
catcher in the National League.
NEW YORK, Jan. Zi (UP)—Roy
Campanella of the Brooklyn Dodg
ers signed a 1951 contract today
which made him the highest - paid
catcher in the National League.
NEW YORK, Jan. Zi (UP)—Roy
Campanella of the Brooklyn Dodg
ers signed a 1951 contract today
which made him the highest - paid
catcher in the National League.
NEW YORK, Jan. Zi (UP)—Roy
Campanella of the Brooklyn Dodg
ers signed a 1951 contract today
which made him the highest - paid
catcher in the National League.
