# Religious Notices
## CANDLELIGHT SERVICE 
### 
Tliere will be a candlelight service
at 9 p.m. in' Memorial Church.
Tliere will be a candlelight service
at 9 p.m. in' Memorial Church.
Tliere will be a candlelight service
at 9 p.m. in' Memorial Church.
Tliere will be a candlelight service
at 9 p.m. in' Memorial Church.
Tliere will be a candlelight service
at 9 p.m. in' Memorial Church.
Tliere will be a candlelight service
at 9 p.m. in' Memorial Church.
Tliere will be a candlelight service
at 9 p.m. in' Memorial Church.
Tliere will be a candlelight service
at 9 p.m. in' Memorial Church.
Tliere will be a candlelight service
at 9 p.m. in' Memorial Church.
Tliere will be a candlelight service
at 9 p.m. in' Memorial Church.
Tliere will be a candlelight service
at 9 p.m. in' Memorial Church.
Tliere will be a candlelight service
at 9 p.m. in' Memorial Church.
Tliere will be a candlelight service
at 9 p.m. in' Memorial Church.
Tliere will be a candlelight service
at 9 p.m. in' Memorial Church.
Tliere will be a candlelight service
at 9 p.m. in' Memorial Church.
