# CENSORED NUDES
## 
### 
The censorship of the pictures of
nude dancers on page three of
yesterday's Daily was done by
Nowels Publications, the firm that
prints the Daily.
The censorship was done without
the Daily's knowledge or
permission.
The Daily has taken steps to
assure that such censorship won't
occur again.
The censorship of the pictures of
nude dancers on page three of
yesterday's Daily was done by
Nowels Publications, the firm that
prints the Daily.
The censorship was done without
the Daily's knowledge or
permission.
The Daily has taken steps to
assure that such censorship won't
occur again.
The censorship of the pictures of
nude dancers on page three of
yesterday's Daily was done by
Nowels Publications, the firm that
prints the Daily.
The censorship was done without
the Daily's knowledge or
permission.
The Daily has taken steps to
assure that such censorship won't
occur again.
The censorship of the pictures of
nude dancers on page three of
yesterday's Daily was done by
Nowels Publications, the firm that
prints the Daily.
The censorship was done without
the Daily's knowledge or
permission.
The Daily has taken steps to
assure that such censorship won't
occur again.
The censorship of the pictures of
nude dancers on page three of
yesterday's Daily was done by
Nowels Publications, the firm that
prints the Daily.
The censorship was done without
the Daily's knowledge or
permission.
The Daily has taken steps to
assure that such censorship won't
occur again.
The censorship of the pictures of
nude dancers on page three of
yesterday's Daily was done by
Nowels Publications, the firm that
prints the Daily.
The censorship was done without
the Daily's knowledge or
permission.
The Daily has taken steps to
assure that such censorship won't
occur again.
The censorship of the pictures of
nude dancers on page three of
yesterday's Daily was done by
Nowels Publications, the firm that
prints the Daily.
The censorship was done without
the Daily's knowledge or
permission.
The Daily has taken steps to
assure that such censorship won't
occur again.
The censorship of the pictures of
nude dancers on page three of
yesterday's Daily was done by
Nowels Publications, the firm that
prints the Daily.
The censorship was done without
the Daily's knowledge or
permission.
The Daily has taken steps to
assure that such censorship won't
occur again.
The censorship of the pictures of
nude dancers on page three of
yesterday's Daily was done by
Nowels Publications, the firm that
prints the Daily.
The censorship was done without
the Daily's knowledge or
permission.
The Daily has taken steps to
assure that such censorship won't
occur again.
The censorship of the pictures of
nude dancers on page three of
yesterday's Daily was done by
Nowels Publications, the firm that
prints the Daily.
The censorship was done without
the Daily's knowledge or
permission.
The Daily has taken steps to
assure that such censorship won't
occur again.
The censorship of the pictures of
nude dancers on page three of
yesterday's Daily was done by
Nowels Publications, the firm that
prints the Daily.
The censorship was done without
the Daily's knowledge or
permission.
The Daily has taken steps to
assure that such censorship won't
occur again.
The censorship of the pictures of
nude dancers on page three of
yesterday's Daily was done by
Nowels Publications, the firm that
prints the Daily.
The censorship was done without
the Daily's knowledge or
permission.
The Daily has taken steps to
assure that such censorship won't
occur again.
The censorship of the pictures of
nude dancers on page three of
yesterday's Daily was done by
Nowels Publications, the firm that
prints the Daily.
The censorship was done without
the Daily's knowledge or
permission.
The Daily has taken steps to
assure that such censorship won't
occur again.
The censorship of the pictures of
nude dancers on page three of
yesterday's Daily was done by
Nowels Publications, the firm that
prints the Daily.
The censorship was done without
the Daily's knowledge or
permission.
The Daily has taken steps to
assure that such censorship won't
occur again.
