# Spaeth to Talk On India in '50 s
## 
### 
"India: 1950 to 1960" will be
discussed tonight at 7:30 in Dink
clspiel Auditorium by Carl B.
Spaeth, dean of the Stanford Law-
School, who returned earlier this
year from a six months' stay in
India where ho served as con
sultant to the Indian Law Insti
tute at New Delhi and visited
nine universities and fifteen law
colleges.
Spaeth has also gone to
India on two other occasions
within the last ton years as Di
rector of Overseas Activities for
the Ford Foundation, concerned
with the effort of the Foundation
to assist India in programs that
ranged from agricultural develop
ment to aid to higher education.
The public is invited to to
night's lecture, one of the Tues
day Evening Series, free of
charge.
"India: 1950 to 1960" will be
discussed tonight at 7:30 in Dink
clspiel Auditorium by Carl B.
Spaeth, dean of the Stanford Law-
School, who returned earlier this
year from a six months' stay in
India where ho served as con
sultant to the Indian Law Insti
tute at New Delhi and visited
nine universities and fifteen law
colleges.
Spaeth has also gone to
India on two other occasions
within the last ton years as Di
rector of Overseas Activities for
the Ford Foundation, concerned
with the effort of the Foundation
to assist India in programs that
ranged from agricultural develop
ment to aid to higher education.
The public is invited to to
night's lecture, one of the Tues
day Evening Series, free of
charge.
"India: 1950 to 1960" will be
discussed tonight at 7:30 in Dink
clspiel Auditorium by Carl B.
Spaeth, dean of the Stanford Law-
School, who returned earlier this
year from a six months' stay in
India where ho served as con
sultant to the Indian Law Insti
tute at New Delhi and visited
nine universities and fifteen law
colleges.
Spaeth has also gone to
India on two other occasions
within the last ton years as Di
rector of Overseas Activities for
the Ford Foundation, concerned
with the effort of the Foundation
to assist India in programs that
ranged from agricultural develop
ment to aid to higher education.
The public is invited to to
night's lecture, one of the Tues
day Evening Series, free of
charge.
"India: 1950 to 1960" will be
discussed tonight at 7:30 in Dink
clspiel Auditorium by Carl B.
Spaeth, dean of the Stanford Law-
School, who returned earlier this
year from a six months' stay in
India where ho served as con
sultant to the Indian Law Insti
tute at New Delhi and visited
nine universities and fifteen law
colleges.
Spaeth has also gone to
India on two other occasions
within the last ton years as Di
rector of Overseas Activities for
the Ford Foundation, concerned
with the effort of the Foundation
to assist India in programs that
ranged from agricultural develop
ment to aid to higher education.
The public is invited to to
night's lecture, one of the Tues
day Evening Series, free of
charge.
"India: 1950 to 1960" will be
discussed tonight at 7:30 in Dink
clspiel Auditorium by Carl B.
Spaeth, dean of the Stanford Law-
School, who returned earlier this
year from a six months' stay in
India where ho served as con
sultant to the Indian Law Insti
tute at New Delhi and visited
nine universities and fifteen law
colleges.
Spaeth has also gone to
India on two other occasions
within the last ton years as Di
rector of Overseas Activities for
the Ford Foundation, concerned
with the effort of the Foundation
to assist India in programs that
ranged from agricultural develop
ment to aid to higher education.
The public is invited to to
night's lecture, one of the Tues
day Evening Series, free of
charge.
"India: 1950 to 1960" will be
discussed tonight at 7:30 in Dink
clspiel Auditorium by Carl B.
Spaeth, dean of the Stanford Law-
School, who returned earlier this
year from a six months' stay in
India where ho served as con
sultant to the Indian Law Insti
tute at New Delhi and visited
nine universities and fifteen law
colleges.
Spaeth has also gone to
India on two other occasions
within the last ton years as Di
rector of Overseas Activities for
the Ford Foundation, concerned
with the effort of the Foundation
to assist India in programs that
ranged from agricultural develop
ment to aid to higher education.
The public is invited to to
night's lecture, one of the Tues
day Evening Series, free of
charge.
"India: 1950 to 1960" will be
discussed tonight at 7:30 in Dink
clspiel Auditorium by Carl B.
Spaeth, dean of the Stanford Law-
School, who returned earlier this
year from a six months' stay in
India where ho served as con
sultant to the Indian Law Insti
tute at New Delhi and visited
nine universities and fifteen law
colleges.
Spaeth has also gone to
India on two other occasions
within the last ton years as Di
rector of Overseas Activities for
the Ford Foundation, concerned
with the effort of the Foundation
to assist India in programs that
ranged from agricultural develop
ment to aid to higher education.
The public is invited to to
night's lecture, one of the Tues
day Evening Series, free of
charge.
"India: 1950 to 1960" will be
discussed tonight at 7:30 in Dink
clspiel Auditorium by Carl B.
Spaeth, dean of the Stanford Law-
School, who returned earlier this
year from a six months' stay in
India where ho served as con
sultant to the Indian Law Insti
tute at New Delhi and visited
nine universities and fifteen law
colleges.
Spaeth has also gone to
India on two other occasions
within the last ton years as Di
rector of Overseas Activities for
the Ford Foundation, concerned
with the effort of the Foundation
to assist India in programs that
ranged from agricultural develop
ment to aid to higher education.
The public is invited to to
night's lecture, one of the Tues
day Evening Series, free of
charge.
"India: 1950 to 1960" will be
discussed tonight at 7:30 in Dink
clspiel Auditorium by Carl B.
Spaeth, dean of the Stanford Law-
School, who returned earlier this
year from a six months' stay in
India where ho served as con
sultant to the Indian Law Insti
tute at New Delhi and visited
nine universities and fifteen law
colleges.
Spaeth has also gone to
India on two other occasions
within the last ton years as Di
rector of Overseas Activities for
the Ford Foundation, concerned
with the effort of the Foundation
to assist India in programs that
ranged from agricultural develop
ment to aid to higher education.
The public is invited to to
night's lecture, one of the Tues
day Evening Series, free of
charge.
"India: 1950 to 1960" will be
discussed tonight at 7:30 in Dink
clspiel Auditorium by Carl B.
Spaeth, dean of the Stanford Law-
School, who returned earlier this
year from a six months' stay in
India where ho served as con
sultant to the Indian Law Insti
tute at New Delhi and visited
nine universities and fifteen law
colleges.
Spaeth has also gone to
India on two other occasions
within the last ton years as Di
rector of Overseas Activities for
the Ford Foundation, concerned
with the effort of the Foundation
to assist India in programs that
ranged from agricultural develop
ment to aid to higher education.
The public is invited to to
night's lecture, one of the Tues
day Evening Series, free of
charge.
"India: 1950 to 1960" will be
discussed tonight at 7:30 in Dink
clspiel Auditorium by Carl B.
Spaeth, dean of the Stanford Law-
School, who returned earlier this
year from a six months' stay in
India where ho served as con
sultant to the Indian Law Insti
tute at New Delhi and visited
nine universities and fifteen law
colleges.
Spaeth has also gone to
India on two other occasions
within the last ton years as Di
rector of Overseas Activities for
the Ford Foundation, concerned
with the effort of the Foundation
to assist India in programs that
ranged from agricultural develop
ment to aid to higher education.
The public is invited to to
night's lecture, one of the Tues
day Evening Series, free of
charge.
"India: 1950 to 1960" will be
discussed tonight at 7:30 in Dink
clspiel Auditorium by Carl B.
Spaeth, dean of the Stanford Law-
School, who returned earlier this
year from a six months' stay in
India where ho served as con
sultant to the Indian Law Insti
tute at New Delhi and visited
nine universities and fifteen law
colleges.
Spaeth has also gone to
India on two other occasions
within the last ton years as Di
rector of Overseas Activities for
the Ford Foundation, concerned
with the effort of the Foundation
to assist India in programs that
ranged from agricultural develop
ment to aid to higher education.
The public is invited to to
night's lecture, one of the Tues
day Evening Series, free of
charge.
"India: 1950 to 1960" will be
discussed tonight at 7:30 in Dink
clspiel Auditorium by Carl B.
Spaeth, dean of the Stanford Law-
School, who returned earlier this
year from a six months' stay in
India where ho served as con
sultant to the Indian Law Insti
tute at New Delhi and visited
nine universities and fifteen law
colleges.
Spaeth has also gone to
India on two other occasions
within the last ton years as Di
rector of Overseas Activities for
the Ford Foundation, concerned
with the effort of the Foundation
to assist India in programs that
ranged from agricultural develop
ment to aid to higher education.
The public is invited to to
night's lecture, one of the Tues
day Evening Series, free of
charge.
"India: 1950 to 1960" will be
discussed tonight at 7:30 in Dink
clspiel Auditorium by Carl B.
Spaeth, dean of the Stanford Law-
School, who returned earlier this
year from a six months' stay in
India where ho served as con
sultant to the Indian Law Insti
tute at New Delhi and visited
nine universities and fifteen law
colleges.
Spaeth has also gone to
India on two other occasions
within the last ton years as Di
rector of Overseas Activities for
the Ford Foundation, concerned
with the effort of the Foundation
to assist India in programs that
ranged from agricultural develop
ment to aid to higher education.
The public is invited to to
night's lecture, one of the Tues
day Evening Series, free of
charge.
"India: 1950 to 1960" will be
discussed tonight at 7:30 in Dink
clspiel Auditorium by Carl B.
Spaeth, dean of the Stanford Law-
School, who returned earlier this
year from a six months' stay in
India where ho served as con
sultant to the Indian Law Insti
tute at New Delhi and visited
nine universities and fifteen law
colleges.
Spaeth has also gone to
India on two other occasions
within the last ton years as Di
rector of Overseas Activities for
the Ford Foundation, concerned
with the effort of the Foundation
to assist India in programs that
ranged from agricultural develop
ment to aid to higher education.
The public is invited to to
night's lecture, one of the Tues
day Evening Series, free of
charge.
"India: 1950 to 1960" will be
discussed tonight at 7:30 in Dink
clspiel Auditorium by Carl B.
Spaeth, dean of the Stanford Law-
School, who returned earlier this
year from a six months' stay in
India where ho served as con
sultant to the Indian Law Insti
tute at New Delhi and visited
nine universities and fifteen law
colleges.
Spaeth has also gone to
India on two other occasions
within the last ton years as Di
rector of Overseas Activities for
the Ford Foundation, concerned
with the effort of the Foundation
to assist India in programs that
ranged from agricultural develop
ment to aid to higher education.
The public is invited to to
night's lecture, one of the Tues
day Evening Series, free of
charge.
"India: 1950 to 1960" will be
discussed tonight at 7:30 in Dink
clspiel Auditorium by Carl B.
Spaeth, dean of the Stanford Law-
School, who returned earlier this
year from a six months' stay in
India where ho served as con
sultant to the Indian Law Insti
tute at New Delhi and visited
nine universities and fifteen law
colleges.
Spaeth has also gone to
India on two other occasions
within the last ton years as Di
rector of Overseas Activities for
the Ford Foundation, concerned
with the effort of the Foundation
to assist India in programs that
ranged from agricultural develop
ment to aid to higher education.
The public is invited to to
night's lecture, one of the Tues
day Evening Series, free of
charge.
"India: 1950 to 1960" will be
discussed tonight at 7:30 in Dink
clspiel Auditorium by Carl B.
Spaeth, dean of the Stanford Law-
School, who returned earlier this
year from a six months' stay in
India where ho served as con
sultant to the Indian Law Insti
tute at New Delhi and visited
nine universities and fifteen law
colleges.
Spaeth has also gone to
India on two other occasions
within the last ton years as Di
rector of Overseas Activities for
the Ford Foundation, concerned
with the effort of the Foundation
to assist India in programs that
ranged from agricultural develop
ment to aid to higher education.
The public is invited to to
night's lecture, one of the Tues
day Evening Series, free of
charge.
