# Department Hosts P.E. Specialists
## 
### 
Three outstanding women phy
sical education specialists, Dr.
Minnie L. Lynn, Ruth Weylhman
and Dr. Leona Holbrook, will be
guests of the women's physical
education department today and
tomorrow.
Dr. Lynn will be honored in a
coffee hour this morning, while
Miss Weylhman will speak at a
luncheon tomorrow noon in the
lounge of the women's gym. Dr.
Holbrook will be a guest at the
same luncheon.
Three outstanding women phy
sical education specialists, Dr.
Minnie L. Lynn, Ruth Weylhman
and Dr. Leona Holbrook, will be
guests of the women's physical
education department today and
tomorrow.
Dr. Lynn will be honored in a
coffee hour this morning, while
Miss Weylhman will speak at a
luncheon tomorrow noon in the
lounge of the women's gym. Dr.
Holbrook will be a guest at the
same luncheon.
Three outstanding women phy
sical education specialists, Dr.
Minnie L. Lynn, Ruth Weylhman
and Dr. Leona Holbrook, will be
guests of the women's physical
education department today and
tomorrow.
Dr. Lynn will be honored in a
coffee hour this morning, while
Miss Weylhman will speak at a
luncheon tomorrow noon in the
lounge of the women's gym. Dr.
Holbrook will be a guest at the
same luncheon.
Three outstanding women phy
sical education specialists, Dr.
Minnie L. Lynn, Ruth Weylhman
and Dr. Leona Holbrook, will be
guests of the women's physical
education department today and
tomorrow.
Dr. Lynn will be honored in a
coffee hour this morning, while
Miss Weylhman will speak at a
luncheon tomorrow noon in the
lounge of the women's gym. Dr.
Holbrook will be a guest at the
same luncheon.
Three outstanding women phy
sical education specialists, Dr.
Minnie L. Lynn, Ruth Weylhman
and Dr. Leona Holbrook, will be
guests of the women's physical
education department today and
tomorrow.
Dr. Lynn will be honored in a
coffee hour this morning, while
Miss Weylhman will speak at a
luncheon tomorrow noon in the
lounge of the women's gym. Dr.
Holbrook will be a guest at the
same luncheon.
Three outstanding women phy
sical education specialists, Dr.
Minnie L. Lynn, Ruth Weylhman
and Dr. Leona Holbrook, will be
guests of the women's physical
education department today and
tomorrow.
Dr. Lynn will be honored in a
coffee hour this morning, while
Miss Weylhman will speak at a
luncheon tomorrow noon in the
lounge of the women's gym. Dr.
Holbrook will be a guest at the
same luncheon.
Three outstanding women phy
sical education specialists, Dr.
Minnie L. Lynn, Ruth Weylhman
and Dr. Leona Holbrook, will be
guests of the women's physical
education department today and
tomorrow.
Dr. Lynn will be honored in a
coffee hour this morning, while
Miss Weylhman will speak at a
luncheon tomorrow noon in the
lounge of the women's gym. Dr.
Holbrook will be a guest at the
same luncheon.
Three outstanding women phy
sical education specialists, Dr.
Minnie L. Lynn, Ruth Weylhman
and Dr. Leona Holbrook, will be
guests of the women's physical
education department today and
tomorrow.
Dr. Lynn will be honored in a
coffee hour this morning, while
Miss Weylhman will speak at a
luncheon tomorrow noon in the
lounge of the women's gym. Dr.
Holbrook will be a guest at the
same luncheon.
Three outstanding women phy
sical education specialists, Dr.
Minnie L. Lynn, Ruth Weylhman
and Dr. Leona Holbrook, will be
guests of the women's physical
education department today and
tomorrow.
Dr. Lynn will be honored in a
coffee hour this morning, while
Miss Weylhman will speak at a
luncheon tomorrow noon in the
lounge of the women's gym. Dr.
Holbrook will be a guest at the
same luncheon.
Three outstanding women phy
sical education specialists, Dr.
Minnie L. Lynn, Ruth Weylhman
and Dr. Leona Holbrook, will be
guests of the women's physical
education department today and
tomorrow.
Dr. Lynn will be honored in a
coffee hour this morning, while
Miss Weylhman will speak at a
luncheon tomorrow noon in the
lounge of the women's gym. Dr.
Holbrook will be a guest at the
same luncheon.
Three outstanding women phy
sical education specialists, Dr.
Minnie L. Lynn, Ruth Weylhman
and Dr. Leona Holbrook, will be
guests of the women's physical
education department today and
tomorrow.
Dr. Lynn will be honored in a
coffee hour this morning, while
Miss Weylhman will speak at a
luncheon tomorrow noon in the
lounge of the women's gym. Dr.
Holbrook will be a guest at the
same luncheon.
Three outstanding women phy
sical education specialists, Dr.
Minnie L. Lynn, Ruth Weylhman
and Dr. Leona Holbrook, will be
guests of the women's physical
education department today and
tomorrow.
Dr. Lynn will be honored in a
coffee hour this morning, while
Miss Weylhman will speak at a
luncheon tomorrow noon in the
lounge of the women's gym. Dr.
Holbrook will be a guest at the
same luncheon.
Three outstanding women phy
sical education specialists, Dr.
Minnie L. Lynn, Ruth Weylhman
and Dr. Leona Holbrook, will be
guests of the women's physical
education department today and
tomorrow.
Dr. Lynn will be honored in a
coffee hour this morning, while
Miss Weylhman will speak at a
luncheon tomorrow noon in the
lounge of the women's gym. Dr.
Holbrook will be a guest at the
same luncheon.
Three outstanding women phy
sical education specialists, Dr.
Minnie L. Lynn, Ruth Weylhman
and Dr. Leona Holbrook, will be
guests of the women's physical
education department today and
tomorrow.
Dr. Lynn will be honored in a
coffee hour this morning, while
Miss Weylhman will speak at a
luncheon tomorrow noon in the
lounge of the women's gym. Dr.
Holbrook will be a guest at the
same luncheon.
Three outstanding women phy
sical education specialists, Dr.
Minnie L. Lynn, Ruth Weylhman
and Dr. Leona Holbrook, will be
guests of the women's physical
education department today and
tomorrow.
Dr. Lynn will be honored in a
coffee hour this morning, while
Miss Weylhman will speak at a
luncheon tomorrow noon in the
lounge of the women's gym. Dr.
Holbrook will be a guest at the
same luncheon.
Three outstanding women phy
sical education specialists, Dr.
Minnie L. Lynn, Ruth Weylhman
and Dr. Leona Holbrook, will be
guests of the women's physical
education department today and
tomorrow.
Dr. Lynn will be honored in a
coffee hour this morning, while
Miss Weylhman will speak at a
luncheon tomorrow noon in the
lounge of the women's gym. Dr.
Holbrook will be a guest at the
same luncheon.
Three outstanding women phy
sical education specialists, Dr.
Minnie L. Lynn, Ruth Weylhman
and Dr. Leona Holbrook, will be
guests of the women's physical
education department today and
tomorrow.
Dr. Lynn will be honored in a
coffee hour this morning, while
Miss Weylhman will speak at a
luncheon tomorrow noon in the
lounge of the women's gym. Dr.
Holbrook will be a guest at the
same luncheon.
Three outstanding women phy
sical education specialists, Dr.
Minnie L. Lynn, Ruth Weylhman
and Dr. Leona Holbrook, will be
guests of the women's physical
education department today and
tomorrow.
Dr. Lynn will be honored in a
coffee hour this morning, while
Miss Weylhman will speak at a
luncheon tomorrow noon in the
lounge of the women's gym. Dr.
Holbrook will be a guest at the
same luncheon.
