# Stanford-Oxford Debate on Tap This Afternoon
## 
### 
"Resolved: That. This House
Would Rather Be a Monarchy
Than a Republic" will be the ques
tion debated this afternoon by stu
dents from Oxford and Stanford.
Mike Driscoll and Dan Kremer,
first-year law students at Stan
ford, will contend with Antony
Newton and Alan Jupp of Oxford.
Driscoll and Newton will take the
affirmative stand while Jupp and
Kremer side with the negative.
Chairman of the debate will be
William Dysart, president of the
Stanford Speech Association,
which, along with the Department
of Speech and Drama, is sponsor
ing the affair. Jon Erieson, Stan
ford's director of forensics, is the
coach.
Driscoll and Kremer early this
year shared the Mellinkoff Medal,
highest honor given to Stanford
debaters. Newton and Jupp have
been touring the U.S. for the past
month and have debated several
outstanding colleges in the East
and Midwest.
The debate will be held at 4:30
p.m. in room 100 of the Physics
Lecture Hall. Students, faculty
and staff will be admitted free of
charge. Others may purchase
tickets for SI.TT» at the door.
"Resolved: That. This House
Would Rather Be a Monarchy
Than a Republic" will be the ques
tion debated this afternoon by stu
dents from Oxford and Stanford.
Mike Driscoll and Dan Kremer,
first-year law students at Stan
ford, will contend with Antony
Newton and Alan Jupp of Oxford.
Driscoll and Newton will take the
affirmative stand while Jupp and
Kremer side with the negative.
Chairman of the debate will be
William Dysart, president of the
Stanford Speech Association,
which, along with the Department
of Speech and Drama, is sponsor
ing the affair. Jon Erieson, Stan
ford's director of forensics, is the
coach.
Driscoll and Kremer early this
year shared the Mellinkoff Medal,
highest honor given to Stanford
debaters. Newton and Jupp have
been touring the U.S. for the past
month and have debated several
outstanding colleges in the East
and Midwest.
The debate will be held at 4:30
p.m. in room 100 of the Physics
Lecture Hall. Students, faculty
and staff will be admitted free of
charge. Others may purchase
tickets for SI.TT» at the door.
"Resolved: That. This House
Would Rather Be a Monarchy
Than a Republic" will be the ques
tion debated this afternoon by stu
dents from Oxford and Stanford.
Mike Driscoll and Dan Kremer,
first-year law students at Stan
ford, will contend with Antony
Newton and Alan Jupp of Oxford.
Driscoll and Newton will take the
affirmative stand while Jupp and
Kremer side with the negative.
Chairman of the debate will be
William Dysart, president of the
Stanford Speech Association,
which, along with the Department
of Speech and Drama, is sponsor
ing the affair. Jon Erieson, Stan
ford's director of forensics, is the
coach.
Driscoll and Kremer early this
year shared the Mellinkoff Medal,
highest honor given to Stanford
debaters. Newton and Jupp have
been touring the U.S. for the past
month and have debated several
outstanding colleges in the East
and Midwest.
The debate will be held at 4:30
p.m. in room 100 of the Physics
Lecture Hall. Students, faculty
and staff will be admitted free of
charge. Others may purchase
tickets for SI.TT» at the door.
"Resolved: That. This House
Would Rather Be a Monarchy
Than a Republic" will be the ques
tion debated this afternoon by stu
dents from Oxford and Stanford.
Mike Driscoll and Dan Kremer,
first-year law students at Stan
ford, will contend with Antony
Newton and Alan Jupp of Oxford.
Driscoll and Newton will take the
affirmative stand while Jupp and
Kremer side with the negative.
Chairman of the debate will be
William Dysart, president of the
Stanford Speech Association,
which, along with the Department
of Speech and Drama, is sponsor
ing the affair. Jon Erieson, Stan
ford's director of forensics, is the
coach.
Driscoll and Kremer early this
year shared the Mellinkoff Medal,
highest honor given to Stanford
debaters. Newton and Jupp have
been touring the U.S. for the past
month and have debated several
outstanding colleges in the East
and Midwest.
The debate will be held at 4:30
p.m. in room 100 of the Physics
Lecture Hall. Students, faculty
and staff will be admitted free of
charge. Others may purchase
tickets for SI.TT» at the door.
"Resolved: That. This House
Would Rather Be a Monarchy
Than a Republic" will be the ques
tion debated this afternoon by stu
dents from Oxford and Stanford.
Mike Driscoll and Dan Kremer,
first-year law students at Stan
ford, will contend with Antony
Newton and Alan Jupp of Oxford.
Driscoll and Newton will take the
affirmative stand while Jupp and
Kremer side with the negative.
Chairman of the debate will be
William Dysart, president of the
Stanford Speech Association,
which, along with the Department
of Speech and Drama, is sponsor
ing the affair. Jon Erieson, Stan
ford's director of forensics, is the
coach.
Driscoll and Kremer early this
year shared the Mellinkoff Medal,
highest honor given to Stanford
debaters. Newton and Jupp have
been touring the U.S. for the past
month and have debated several
outstanding colleges in the East
and Midwest.
The debate will be held at 4:30
p.m. in room 100 of the Physics
Lecture Hall. Students, faculty
and staff will be admitted free of
charge. Others may purchase
tickets for SI.TT» at the door.
"Resolved: That. This House
Would Rather Be a Monarchy
Than a Republic" will be the ques
tion debated this afternoon by stu
dents from Oxford and Stanford.
Mike Driscoll and Dan Kremer,
first-year law students at Stan
ford, will contend with Antony
Newton and Alan Jupp of Oxford.
Driscoll and Newton will take the
affirmative stand while Jupp and
Kremer side with the negative.
Chairman of the debate will be
William Dysart, president of the
Stanford Speech Association,
which, along with the Department
of Speech and Drama, is sponsor
ing the affair. Jon Erieson, Stan
ford's director of forensics, is the
coach.
Driscoll and Kremer early this
year shared the Mellinkoff Medal,
highest honor given to Stanford
debaters. Newton and Jupp have
been touring the U.S. for the past
month and have debated several
outstanding colleges in the East
and Midwest.
The debate will be held at 4:30
p.m. in room 100 of the Physics
Lecture Hall. Students, faculty
and staff will be admitted free of
charge. Others may purchase
tickets for SI.TT» at the door.
"Resolved: That. This House
Would Rather Be a Monarchy
Than a Republic" will be the ques
tion debated this afternoon by stu
dents from Oxford and Stanford.
Mike Driscoll and Dan Kremer,
first-year law students at Stan
ford, will contend with Antony
Newton and Alan Jupp of Oxford.
Driscoll and Newton will take the
affirmative stand while Jupp and
Kremer side with the negative.
Chairman of the debate will be
William Dysart, president of the
Stanford Speech Association,
which, along with the Department
of Speech and Drama, is sponsor
ing the affair. Jon Erieson, Stan
ford's director of forensics, is the
coach.
Driscoll and Kremer early this
year shared the Mellinkoff Medal,
highest honor given to Stanford
debaters. Newton and Jupp have
been touring the U.S. for the past
month and have debated several
outstanding colleges in the East
and Midwest.
The debate will be held at 4:30
p.m. in room 100 of the Physics
Lecture Hall. Students, faculty
and staff will be admitted free of
charge. Others may purchase
tickets for SI.TT» at the door.
"Resolved: That. This House
Would Rather Be a Monarchy
Than a Republic" will be the ques
tion debated this afternoon by stu
dents from Oxford and Stanford.
Mike Driscoll and Dan Kremer,
first-year law students at Stan
ford, will contend with Antony
Newton and Alan Jupp of Oxford.
Driscoll and Newton will take the
affirmative stand while Jupp and
Kremer side with the negative.
Chairman of the debate will be
William Dysart, president of the
Stanford Speech Association,
which, along with the Department
of Speech and Drama, is sponsor
ing the affair. Jon Erieson, Stan
ford's director of forensics, is the
coach.
Driscoll and Kremer early this
year shared the Mellinkoff Medal,
highest honor given to Stanford
debaters. Newton and Jupp have
been touring the U.S. for the past
month and have debated several
outstanding colleges in the East
and Midwest.
The debate will be held at 4:30
p.m. in room 100 of the Physics
Lecture Hall. Students, faculty
and staff will be admitted free of
charge. Others may purchase
tickets for SI.TT» at the door.
"Resolved: That. This House
Would Rather Be a Monarchy
Than a Republic" will be the ques
tion debated this afternoon by stu
dents from Oxford and Stanford.
Mike Driscoll and Dan Kremer,
first-year law students at Stan
ford, will contend with Antony
Newton and Alan Jupp of Oxford.
Driscoll and Newton will take the
affirmative stand while Jupp and
Kremer side with the negative.
Chairman of the debate will be
William Dysart, president of the
Stanford Speech Association,
which, along with the Department
of Speech and Drama, is sponsor
ing the affair. Jon Erieson, Stan
ford's director of forensics, is the
coach.
Driscoll and Kremer early this
year shared the Mellinkoff Medal,
highest honor given to Stanford
debaters. Newton and Jupp have
been touring the U.S. for the past
month and have debated several
outstanding colleges in the East
and Midwest.
The debate will be held at 4:30
p.m. in room 100 of the Physics
Lecture Hall. Students, faculty
and staff will be admitted free of
charge. Others may purchase
tickets for SI.TT» at the door.
"Resolved: That. This House
Would Rather Be a Monarchy
Than a Republic" will be the ques
tion debated this afternoon by stu
dents from Oxford and Stanford.
Mike Driscoll and Dan Kremer,
first-year law students at Stan
ford, will contend with Antony
Newton and Alan Jupp of Oxford.
Driscoll and Newton will take the
affirmative stand while Jupp and
Kremer side with the negative.
Chairman of the debate will be
William Dysart, president of the
Stanford Speech Association,
which, along with the Department
of Speech and Drama, is sponsor
ing the affair. Jon Erieson, Stan
ford's director of forensics, is the
coach.
Driscoll and Kremer early this
year shared the Mellinkoff Medal,
highest honor given to Stanford
debaters. Newton and Jupp have
been touring the U.S. for the past
month and have debated several
outstanding colleges in the East
and Midwest.
The debate will be held at 4:30
p.m. in room 100 of the Physics
Lecture Hall. Students, faculty
and staff will be admitted free of
charge. Others may purchase
tickets for SI.TT» at the door.
"Resolved: That. This House
Would Rather Be a Monarchy
Than a Republic" will be the ques
tion debated this afternoon by stu
dents from Oxford and Stanford.
Mike Driscoll and Dan Kremer,
first-year law students at Stan
ford, will contend with Antony
Newton and Alan Jupp of Oxford.
Driscoll and Newton will take the
affirmative stand while Jupp and
Kremer side with the negative.
Chairman of the debate will be
William Dysart, president of the
Stanford Speech Association,
which, along with the Department
of Speech and Drama, is sponsor
ing the affair. Jon Erieson, Stan
ford's director of forensics, is the
coach.
Driscoll and Kremer early this
year shared the Mellinkoff Medal,
highest honor given to Stanford
debaters. Newton and Jupp have
been touring the U.S. for the past
month and have debated several
outstanding colleges in the East
and Midwest.
The debate will be held at 4:30
p.m. in room 100 of the Physics
Lecture Hall. Students, faculty
and staff will be admitted free of
charge. Others may purchase
tickets for SI.TT» at the door.
"Resolved: That. This House
Would Rather Be a Monarchy
Than a Republic" will be the ques
tion debated this afternoon by stu
dents from Oxford and Stanford.
Mike Driscoll and Dan Kremer,
first-year law students at Stan
ford, will contend with Antony
Newton and Alan Jupp of Oxford.
Driscoll and Newton will take the
affirmative stand while Jupp and
Kremer side with the negative.
Chairman of the debate will be
William Dysart, president of the
Stanford Speech Association,
which, along with the Department
of Speech and Drama, is sponsor
ing the affair. Jon Erieson, Stan
ford's director of forensics, is the
coach.
Driscoll and Kremer early this
year shared the Mellinkoff Medal,
highest honor given to Stanford
debaters. Newton and Jupp have
been touring the U.S. for the past
month and have debated several
outstanding colleges in the East
and Midwest.
The debate will be held at 4:30
p.m. in room 100 of the Physics
Lecture Hall. Students, faculty
and staff will be admitted free of
charge. Others may purchase
tickets for SI.TT» at the door.
"Resolved: That. This House
Would Rather Be a Monarchy
Than a Republic" will be the ques
tion debated this afternoon by stu
dents from Oxford and Stanford.
Mike Driscoll and Dan Kremer,
first-year law students at Stan
ford, will contend with Antony
Newton and Alan Jupp of Oxford.
Driscoll and Newton will take the
affirmative stand while Jupp and
Kremer side with the negative.
Chairman of the debate will be
William Dysart, president of the
Stanford Speech Association,
which, along with the Department
of Speech and Drama, is sponsor
ing the affair. Jon Erieson, Stan
ford's director of forensics, is the
coach.
Driscoll and Kremer early this
year shared the Mellinkoff Medal,
highest honor given to Stanford
debaters. Newton and Jupp have
been touring the U.S. for the past
month and have debated several
outstanding colleges in the East
and Midwest.
The debate will be held at 4:30
p.m. in room 100 of the Physics
Lecture Hall. Students, faculty
and staff will be admitted free of
charge. Others may purchase
tickets for SI.TT» at the door.
"Resolved: That. This House
Would Rather Be a Monarchy
Than a Republic" will be the ques
tion debated this afternoon by stu
dents from Oxford and Stanford.
Mike Driscoll and Dan Kremer,
first-year law students at Stan
ford, will contend with Antony
Newton and Alan Jupp of Oxford.
Driscoll and Newton will take the
affirmative stand while Jupp and
Kremer side with the negative.
Chairman of the debate will be
William Dysart, president of the
Stanford Speech Association,
which, along with the Department
of Speech and Drama, is sponsor
ing the affair. Jon Erieson, Stan
ford's director of forensics, is the
coach.
Driscoll and Kremer early this
year shared the Mellinkoff Medal,
highest honor given to Stanford
debaters. Newton and Jupp have
been touring the U.S. for the past
month and have debated several
outstanding colleges in the East
and Midwest.
The debate will be held at 4:30
p.m. in room 100 of the Physics
Lecture Hall. Students, faculty
and staff will be admitted free of
charge. Others may purchase
tickets for SI.TT» at the door.
"Resolved: That. This House
Would Rather Be a Monarchy
Than a Republic" will be the ques
tion debated this afternoon by stu
dents from Oxford and Stanford.
Mike Driscoll and Dan Kremer,
first-year law students at Stan
ford, will contend with Antony
Newton and Alan Jupp of Oxford.
Driscoll and Newton will take the
affirmative stand while Jupp and
Kremer side with the negative.
Chairman of the debate will be
William Dysart, president of the
Stanford Speech Association,
which, along with the Department
of Speech and Drama, is sponsor
ing the affair. Jon Erieson, Stan
ford's director of forensics, is the
coach.
Driscoll and Kremer early this
year shared the Mellinkoff Medal,
highest honor given to Stanford
debaters. Newton and Jupp have
been touring the U.S. for the past
month and have debated several
outstanding colleges in the East
and Midwest.
The debate will be held at 4:30
p.m. in room 100 of the Physics
Lecture Hall. Students, faculty
and staff will be admitted free of
charge. Others may purchase
tickets for SI.TT» at the door.
"Resolved: That. This House
Would Rather Be a Monarchy
Than a Republic" will be the ques
tion debated this afternoon by stu
dents from Oxford and Stanford.
Mike Driscoll and Dan Kremer,
first-year law students at Stan
ford, will contend with Antony
Newton and Alan Jupp of Oxford.
Driscoll and Newton will take the
affirmative stand while Jupp and
Kremer side with the negative.
Chairman of the debate will be
William Dysart, president of the
Stanford Speech Association,
which, along with the Department
of Speech and Drama, is sponsor
ing the affair. Jon Erieson, Stan
ford's director of forensics, is the
coach.
Driscoll and Kremer early this
year shared the Mellinkoff Medal,
highest honor given to Stanford
debaters. Newton and Jupp have
been touring the U.S. for the past
month and have debated several
outstanding colleges in the East
and Midwest.
The debate will be held at 4:30
p.m. in room 100 of the Physics
Lecture Hall. Students, faculty
and staff will be admitted free of
charge. Others may purchase
tickets for SI.TT» at the door.
"Resolved: That. This House
Would Rather Be a Monarchy
Than a Republic" will be the ques
tion debated this afternoon by stu
dents from Oxford and Stanford.
Mike Driscoll and Dan Kremer,
first-year law students at Stan
ford, will contend with Antony
Newton and Alan Jupp of Oxford.
Driscoll and Newton will take the
affirmative stand while Jupp and
Kremer side with the negative.
Chairman of the debate will be
William Dysart, president of the
Stanford Speech Association,
which, along with the Department
of Speech and Drama, is sponsor
ing the affair. Jon Erieson, Stan
ford's director of forensics, is the
coach.
Driscoll and Kremer early this
year shared the Mellinkoff Medal,
highest honor given to Stanford
debaters. Newton and Jupp have
been touring the U.S. for the past
month and have debated several
outstanding colleges in the East
and Midwest.
The debate will be held at 4:30
p.m. in room 100 of the Physics
Lecture Hall. Students, faculty
and staff will be admitted free of
charge. Others may purchase
tickets for SI.TT» at the door.
"Resolved: That. This House
Would Rather Be a Monarchy
Than a Republic" will be the ques
tion debated this afternoon by stu
dents from Oxford and Stanford.
Mike Driscoll and Dan Kremer,
first-year law students at Stan
ford, will contend with Antony
Newton and Alan Jupp of Oxford.
Driscoll and Newton will take the
affirmative stand while Jupp and
Kremer side with the negative.
Chairman of the debate will be
William Dysart, president of the
Stanford Speech Association,
which, along with the Department
of Speech and Drama, is sponsor
ing the affair. Jon Erieson, Stan
ford's director of forensics, is the
coach.
Driscoll and Kremer early this
year shared the Mellinkoff Medal,
highest honor given to Stanford
debaters. Newton and Jupp have
been touring the U.S. for the past
month and have debated several
outstanding colleges in the East
and Midwest.
The debate will be held at 4:30
p.m. in room 100 of the Physics
Lecture Hall. Students, faculty
and staff will be admitted free of
charge. Others may purchase
tickets for SI.TT» at the door.
