# Adv. 8 Page 3
## 
### 
To knew
how good a cigarette //
really can be made/y
you must try a —7 /
IISTRIKE/J
IG A R ETTE/Af
(ksiesW
To knew
how good a cigarette //
really can be made/y
you must try a —7 /
IISTRIKE/J
IG A R ETTE/Af
(ksiesW
To knew
how good a cigarette //
really can be made/y
you must try a —7 /
IISTRIKE/J
IG A R ETTE/Af
(ksiesW
To knew
how good a cigarette //
really can be made/y
you must try a —7 /
IISTRIKE/J
IG A R ETTE/Af
(ksiesW
To knew
how good a cigarette //
really can be made/y
you must try a —7 /
IISTRIKE/J
IG A R ETTE/Af
(ksiesW
To knew
how good a cigarette //
really can be made/y
you must try a —7 /
IISTRIKE/J
IG A R ETTE/Af
(ksiesW
To knew
how good a cigarette //
really can be made/y
you must try a —7 /
IISTRIKE/J
IG A R ETTE/Af
(ksiesW
To knew
how good a cigarette //
really can be made/y
you must try a —7 /
IISTRIKE/J
IG A R ETTE/Af
(ksiesW
To knew
how good a cigarette //
really can be made/y
you must try a —7 /
IISTRIKE/J
IG A R ETTE/Af
(ksiesW
To knew
how good a cigarette //
really can be made/y
you must try a —7 /
IISTRIKE/J
IG A R ETTE/Af
(ksiesW
To knew
how good a cigarette //
really can be made/y
you must try a —7 /
IISTRIKE/J
IG A R ETTE/Af
(ksiesW
To knew
how good a cigarette //
really can be made/y
you must try a —7 /
IISTRIKE/J
IG A R ETTE/Af
(ksiesW
To knew
how good a cigarette //
really can be made/y
you must try a —7 /
IISTRIKE/J
IG A R ETTE/Af
(ksiesW
To knew
how good a cigarette //
really can be made/y
you must try a —7 /
IISTRIKE/J
IG A R ETTE/Af
(ksiesW
To knew
how good a cigarette //
really can be made/y
you must try a —7 /
IISTRIKE/J
IG A R ETTE/Af
(ksiesW
