# Federal Students Choose Officers for New Term
## 
### 
Officers for the spring quarter were
elected by the Associated Students at
their first meeting of the quarter in
Room 214 last night. The new officers
are; Jatnes Hilgesen, president; H. M.
Kirk, vice-president; E. C. Moore, sec
retary, and F. O. Ballou, treasurer.
A. L. Crawford gave a report of the
Convention of Co-ordinators and Train
ing Officers, held on the campus
recently.
Officers for the spring quarter were
elected by the Associated Students at
their first meeting of the quarter in
Room 214 last night. The new officers
are; Jatnes Hilgesen, president; H. M.
Kirk, vice-president; E. C. Moore, sec
retary, and F. O. Ballou, treasurer.
A. L. Crawford gave a report of the
Convention of Co-ordinators and Train
ing Officers, held on the campus
recently.
Officers for the spring quarter were
elected by the Associated Students at
their first meeting of the quarter in
Room 214 last night. The new officers
are; Jatnes Hilgesen, president; H. M.
Kirk, vice-president; E. C. Moore, sec
retary, and F. O. Ballou, treasurer.
A. L. Crawford gave a report of the
Convention of Co-ordinators and Train
ing Officers, held on the campus
recently.
Officers for the spring quarter were
elected by the Associated Students at
their first meeting of the quarter in
Room 214 last night. The new officers
are; Jatnes Hilgesen, president; H. M.
Kirk, vice-president; E. C. Moore, sec
retary, and F. O. Ballou, treasurer.
A. L. Crawford gave a report of the
Convention of Co-ordinators and Train
ing Officers, held on the campus
recently.
Officers for the spring quarter were
elected by the Associated Students at
their first meeting of the quarter in
Room 214 last night. The new officers
are; Jatnes Hilgesen, president; H. M.
Kirk, vice-president; E. C. Moore, sec
retary, and F. O. Ballou, treasurer.
A. L. Crawford gave a report of the
Convention of Co-ordinators and Train
ing Officers, held on the campus
recently.
Officers for the spring quarter were
elected by the Associated Students at
their first meeting of the quarter in
Room 214 last night. The new officers
are; Jatnes Hilgesen, president; H. M.
Kirk, vice-president; E. C. Moore, sec
retary, and F. O. Ballou, treasurer.
A. L. Crawford gave a report of the
Convention of Co-ordinators and Train
ing Officers, held on the campus
recently.
Officers for the spring quarter were
elected by the Associated Students at
their first meeting of the quarter in
Room 214 last night. The new officers
are; Jatnes Hilgesen, president; H. M.
Kirk, vice-president; E. C. Moore, sec
retary, and F. O. Ballou, treasurer.
A. L. Crawford gave a report of the
Convention of Co-ordinators and Train
ing Officers, held on the campus
recently.
Officers for the spring quarter were
elected by the Associated Students at
their first meeting of the quarter in
Room 214 last night. The new officers
are; Jatnes Hilgesen, president; H. M.
Kirk, vice-president; E. C. Moore, sec
retary, and F. O. Ballou, treasurer.
A. L. Crawford gave a report of the
Convention of Co-ordinators and Train
ing Officers, held on the campus
recently.
Officers for the spring quarter were
elected by the Associated Students at
their first meeting of the quarter in
Room 214 last night. The new officers
are; Jatnes Hilgesen, president; H. M.
Kirk, vice-president; E. C. Moore, sec
retary, and F. O. Ballou, treasurer.
A. L. Crawford gave a report of the
Convention of Co-ordinators and Train
ing Officers, held on the campus
recently.
Officers for the spring quarter were
elected by the Associated Students at
their first meeting of the quarter in
Room 214 last night. The new officers
are; Jatnes Hilgesen, president; H. M.
Kirk, vice-president; E. C. Moore, sec
retary, and F. O. Ballou, treasurer.
A. L. Crawford gave a report of the
Convention of Co-ordinators and Train
ing Officers, held on the campus
recently.
Officers for the spring quarter were
elected by the Associated Students at
their first meeting of the quarter in
Room 214 last night. The new officers
are; Jatnes Hilgesen, president; H. M.
Kirk, vice-president; E. C. Moore, sec
retary, and F. O. Ballou, treasurer.
A. L. Crawford gave a report of the
Convention of Co-ordinators and Train
ing Officers, held on the campus
recently.
Officers for the spring quarter were
elected by the Associated Students at
their first meeting of the quarter in
Room 214 last night. The new officers
are; Jatnes Hilgesen, president; H. M.
Kirk, vice-president; E. C. Moore, sec
retary, and F. O. Ballou, treasurer.
A. L. Crawford gave a report of the
Convention of Co-ordinators and Train
ing Officers, held on the campus
recently.
Officers for the spring quarter were
elected by the Associated Students at
their first meeting of the quarter in
Room 214 last night. The new officers
are; Jatnes Hilgesen, president; H. M.
Kirk, vice-president; E. C. Moore, sec
retary, and F. O. Ballou, treasurer.
A. L. Crawford gave a report of the
Convention of Co-ordinators and Train
ing Officers, held on the campus
recently.
Officers for the spring quarter were
elected by the Associated Students at
their first meeting of the quarter in
Room 214 last night. The new officers
are; Jatnes Hilgesen, president; H. M.
Kirk, vice-president; E. C. Moore, sec
retary, and F. O. Ballou, treasurer.
A. L. Crawford gave a report of the
Convention of Co-ordinators and Train
ing Officers, held on the campus
recently.
Officers for the spring quarter were
elected by the Associated Students at
their first meeting of the quarter in
Room 214 last night. The new officers
are; Jatnes Hilgesen, president; H. M.
Kirk, vice-president; E. C. Moore, sec
retary, and F. O. Ballou, treasurer.
A. L. Crawford gave a report of the
Convention of Co-ordinators and Train
ing Officers, held on the campus
recently.
