# PUBLIC SPEAKING CONTEST IS TO BE HELD NEXT MONTH
## 
### 
On the evening of May 15, six con
testants will compete for the public
speaking championship of the Univer
sity, in the annual publjc speaking con
test. Elimination contests will be held
about May 1 to determine those who will
be allowed to participate in the final
event.
The winner of the contest will receive
the Nestoria-Euphronia cup and a $25
cash prize. Nestoria and Euphronia
jointly have donated the cup which will
be awarded for the first time this year
to the winner.
Speeches in the contest arc limited to
the general subject, "University Prob
lems," but the individual speaker may
speak on any particular University prob
lem he chooses
On the evening of May 15, six con
testants will compete for the public
speaking championship of the Univer
sity, in the annual publjc speaking con
test. Elimination contests will be held
about May 1 to determine those who will
be allowed to participate in the final
event.
The winner of the contest will receive
the Nestoria-Euphronia cup and a $25
cash prize. Nestoria and Euphronia
jointly have donated the cup which will
be awarded for the first time this year
to the winner.
Speeches in the contest arc limited to
the general subject, "University Prob
lems," but the individual speaker may
speak on any particular University prob
lem he chooses
On the evening of May 15, six con
testants will compete for the public
speaking championship of the Univer
sity, in the annual publjc speaking con
test. Elimination contests will be held
about May 1 to determine those who will
be allowed to participate in the final
event.
The winner of the contest will receive
the Nestoria-Euphronia cup and a $25
cash prize. Nestoria and Euphronia
jointly have donated the cup which will
be awarded for the first time this year
to the winner.
Speeches in the contest arc limited to
the general subject, "University Prob
lems," but the individual speaker may
speak on any particular University prob
lem he chooses
On the evening of May 15, six con
testants will compete for the public
speaking championship of the Univer
sity, in the annual publjc speaking con
test. Elimination contests will be held
about May 1 to determine those who will
be allowed to participate in the final
event.
The winner of the contest will receive
the Nestoria-Euphronia cup and a $25
cash prize. Nestoria and Euphronia
jointly have donated the cup which will
be awarded for the first time this year
to the winner.
Speeches in the contest arc limited to
the general subject, "University Prob
lems," but the individual speaker may
speak on any particular University prob
lem he chooses
On the evening of May 15, six con
testants will compete for the public
speaking championship of the Univer
sity, in the annual publjc speaking con
test. Elimination contests will be held
about May 1 to determine those who will
be allowed to participate in the final
event.
The winner of the contest will receive
the Nestoria-Euphronia cup and a $25
cash prize. Nestoria and Euphronia
jointly have donated the cup which will
be awarded for the first time this year
to the winner.
Speeches in the contest arc limited to
the general subject, "University Prob
lems," but the individual speaker may
speak on any particular University prob
lem he chooses
On the evening of May 15, six con
testants will compete for the public
speaking championship of the Univer
sity, in the annual publjc speaking con
test. Elimination contests will be held
about May 1 to determine those who will
be allowed to participate in the final
event.
The winner of the contest will receive
the Nestoria-Euphronia cup and a $25
cash prize. Nestoria and Euphronia
jointly have donated the cup which will
be awarded for the first time this year
to the winner.
Speeches in the contest arc limited to
the general subject, "University Prob
lems," but the individual speaker may
speak on any particular University prob
lem he chooses
On the evening of May 15, six con
testants will compete for the public
speaking championship of the Univer
sity, in the annual publjc speaking con
test. Elimination contests will be held
about May 1 to determine those who will
be allowed to participate in the final
event.
The winner of the contest will receive
the Nestoria-Euphronia cup and a $25
cash prize. Nestoria and Euphronia
jointly have donated the cup which will
be awarded for the first time this year
to the winner.
Speeches in the contest arc limited to
the general subject, "University Prob
lems," but the individual speaker may
speak on any particular University prob
lem he chooses
On the evening of May 15, six con
testants will compete for the public
speaking championship of the Univer
sity, in the annual publjc speaking con
test. Elimination contests will be held
about May 1 to determine those who will
be allowed to participate in the final
event.
The winner of the contest will receive
the Nestoria-Euphronia cup and a $25
cash prize. Nestoria and Euphronia
jointly have donated the cup which will
be awarded for the first time this year
to the winner.
Speeches in the contest arc limited to
the general subject, "University Prob
lems," but the individual speaker may
speak on any particular University prob
lem he chooses
On the evening of May 15, six con
testants will compete for the public
speaking championship of the Univer
sity, in the annual publjc speaking con
test. Elimination contests will be held
about May 1 to determine those who will
be allowed to participate in the final
event.
The winner of the contest will receive
the Nestoria-Euphronia cup and a $25
cash prize. Nestoria and Euphronia
jointly have donated the cup which will
be awarded for the first time this year
to the winner.
Speeches in the contest arc limited to
the general subject, "University Prob
lems," but the individual speaker may
speak on any particular University prob
lem he chooses
On the evening of May 15, six con
testants will compete for the public
speaking championship of the Univer
sity, in the annual publjc speaking con
test. Elimination contests will be held
about May 1 to determine those who will
be allowed to participate in the final
event.
The winner of the contest will receive
the Nestoria-Euphronia cup and a $25
cash prize. Nestoria and Euphronia
jointly have donated the cup which will
be awarded for the first time this year
to the winner.
Speeches in the contest arc limited to
the general subject, "University Prob
lems," but the individual speaker may
speak on any particular University prob
lem he chooses
On the evening of May 15, six con
testants will compete for the public
speaking championship of the Univer
sity, in the annual publjc speaking con
test. Elimination contests will be held
about May 1 to determine those who will
be allowed to participate in the final
event.
The winner of the contest will receive
the Nestoria-Euphronia cup and a $25
cash prize. Nestoria and Euphronia
jointly have donated the cup which will
be awarded for the first time this year
to the winner.
Speeches in the contest arc limited to
the general subject, "University Prob
lems," but the individual speaker may
speak on any particular University prob
lem he chooses
On the evening of May 15, six con
testants will compete for the public
speaking championship of the Univer
sity, in the annual publjc speaking con
test. Elimination contests will be held
about May 1 to determine those who will
be allowed to participate in the final
event.
The winner of the contest will receive
the Nestoria-Euphronia cup and a $25
cash prize. Nestoria and Euphronia
jointly have donated the cup which will
be awarded for the first time this year
to the winner.
Speeches in the contest arc limited to
the general subject, "University Prob
lems," but the individual speaker may
speak on any particular University prob
lem he chooses
On the evening of May 15, six con
testants will compete for the public
speaking championship of the Univer
sity, in the annual publjc speaking con
test. Elimination contests will be held
about May 1 to determine those who will
be allowed to participate in the final
event.
The winner of the contest will receive
the Nestoria-Euphronia cup and a $25
cash prize. Nestoria and Euphronia
jointly have donated the cup which will
be awarded for the first time this year
to the winner.
Speeches in the contest arc limited to
the general subject, "University Prob
lems," but the individual speaker may
speak on any particular University prob
lem he chooses
On the evening of May 15, six con
testants will compete for the public
speaking championship of the Univer
sity, in the annual publjc speaking con
test. Elimination contests will be held
about May 1 to determine those who will
be allowed to participate in the final
event.
The winner of the contest will receive
the Nestoria-Euphronia cup and a $25
cash prize. Nestoria and Euphronia
jointly have donated the cup which will
be awarded for the first time this year
to the winner.
Speeches in the contest arc limited to
the general subject, "University Prob
lems," but the individual speaker may
speak on any particular University prob
lem he chooses
On the evening of May 15, six con
testants will compete for the public
speaking championship of the Univer
sity, in the annual publjc speaking con
test. Elimination contests will be held
about May 1 to determine those who will
be allowed to participate in the final
event.
The winner of the contest will receive
the Nestoria-Euphronia cup and a $25
cash prize. Nestoria and Euphronia
jointly have donated the cup which will
be awarded for the first time this year
to the winner.
Speeches in the contest arc limited to
the general subject, "University Prob
lems," but the individual speaker may
speak on any particular University prob
lem he chooses
