# FRANCES RAND SMITH TO DISCUSS MISSIONS AT TUESDAY LECTURE
## 
### 
Frances Rand Smith, '97, will give a
popular presentation of California mis
sions in an illustrated lecture Tuesday
evening in the Little Theater. Mrs.
Smith will discuss in detail the archi
tecture of the missions at Santa Cruz and
Carmel.
For a number of years she has been
gathering notes, photographs, and models
of the early California missions. In 1918,
the California Historical Survey Com
mission asked her to prepare the first
volume in a projected series of books
relating to the architectural history of
Spanish missions. The first book, en
titled "Architectural History of Cali
fornia Missions," deals exclusively with
San Carlos mission at Borromeo, Cali
fornia. This volume contains engravings,
diagrams, and a historical narrative of
the mission.
In speaking of Mrs. Smith's book,
Profesor E. E. Robinson of the History
department says:"It is one of the most
unusual and satisfying contributions to
California history that has been made
recently."
