# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Ever since General Coxey was
arrested in Washington for tramp
ing on the grass, the threatening
sign, "Keep off the grass," has been
treated with greater respect by the
American people everywhere. Just
now it seems that this incident is
gradually growing dim in our
memories. The temptation to save
time by cutting corners, instead of
walking around grass plats which
may be damaged just a little by
walking over them, is often too
great to be resisted. Coming to the
University from Palo Alto, especi
ally when one is behind time, the
winding walks seem a needless
waste of time and one is apt to ex
aggerate the number of minutes
that might be saved by taking a
straight course. This has led to
many violations of late, particu
larly at night when the signs could
not be seen â€”or perhaps for other
reasons for which the darkness was
responsible. We should always re
member that, while the effect pro
duced by a single trespasser is
small, the result will be rather
damaging when the habit has
spread.
