# WAR FRONTS
## Navy Bombers Sink 6 Jap Ships at Rabaul 
### 
ADVANCED ALLIED H.Q., New
Guinea, Jan. 27, (UP) — American
Navy torpedo planes sank six Jap
anese ships and damaged two others
in an attack Monday against ship
ping caught in Simpson harbor at
Rabaul, New Britain, while 24 en
emy fighters were shot down by Al
lied airmen pounding the Japanese
stronghold, it was announced today.
Five cargo vessels and a tanker
vvere sunk in the torpedo plane at
tack with two other vessels blasted
by direct hits and beached, General
Douglas Mac Arthur's communique
reported.
ADVANCED ALLIED H.Q., New
Guinea, Jan. 27, (UP) — American
Navy torpedo planes sank six Jap
anese ships and damaged two others
in an attack Monday against ship
ping caught in Simpson harbor at
Rabaul, New Britain, while 24 en
emy fighters were shot down by Al
lied airmen pounding the Japanese
stronghold, it was announced today.
Five cargo vessels and a tanker
vvere sunk in the torpedo plane at
tack with two other vessels blasted
by direct hits and beached, General
Douglas Mac Arthur's communique
reported.
ADVANCED ALLIED H.Q., New
Guinea, Jan. 27, (UP) — American
Navy torpedo planes sank six Jap
anese ships and damaged two others
in an attack Monday against ship
ping caught in Simpson harbor at
Rabaul, New Britain, while 24 en
emy fighters were shot down by Al
lied airmen pounding the Japanese
stronghold, it was announced today.
Five cargo vessels and a tanker
vvere sunk in the torpedo plane at
tack with two other vessels blasted
by direct hits and beached, General
Douglas Mac Arthur's communique
reported.
ADVANCED ALLIED H.Q., New
Guinea, Jan. 27, (UP) — American
Navy torpedo planes sank six Jap
anese ships and damaged two others
in an attack Monday against ship
ping caught in Simpson harbor at
Rabaul, New Britain, while 24 en
emy fighters were shot down by Al
lied airmen pounding the Japanese
stronghold, it was announced today.
Five cargo vessels and a tanker
vvere sunk in the torpedo plane at
tack with two other vessels blasted
by direct hits and beached, General
Douglas Mac Arthur's communique
reported.
ADVANCED ALLIED H.Q., New
Guinea, Jan. 27, (UP) — American
Navy torpedo planes sank six Jap
anese ships and damaged two others
in an attack Monday against ship
ping caught in Simpson harbor at
Rabaul, New Britain, while 24 en
emy fighters were shot down by Al
lied airmen pounding the Japanese
stronghold, it was announced today.
Five cargo vessels and a tanker
vvere sunk in the torpedo plane at
tack with two other vessels blasted
by direct hits and beached, General
Douglas Mac Arthur's communique
reported.
ADVANCED ALLIED H.Q., New
Guinea, Jan. 27, (UP) — American
Navy torpedo planes sank six Jap
anese ships and damaged two others
in an attack Monday against ship
ping caught in Simpson harbor at
Rabaul, New Britain, while 24 en
emy fighters were shot down by Al
lied airmen pounding the Japanese
stronghold, it was announced today.
Five cargo vessels and a tanker
vvere sunk in the torpedo plane at
tack with two other vessels blasted
by direct hits and beached, General
Douglas Mac Arthur's communique
reported.
ADVANCED ALLIED H.Q., New
Guinea, Jan. 27, (UP) — American
Navy torpedo planes sank six Jap
anese ships and damaged two others
in an attack Monday against ship
ping caught in Simpson harbor at
Rabaul, New Britain, while 24 en
emy fighters were shot down by Al
lied airmen pounding the Japanese
stronghold, it was announced today.
Five cargo vessels and a tanker
vvere sunk in the torpedo plane at
tack with two other vessels blasted
by direct hits and beached, General
Douglas Mac Arthur's communique
reported.
ADVANCED ALLIED H.Q., New
Guinea, Jan. 27, (UP) — American
Navy torpedo planes sank six Jap
anese ships and damaged two others
in an attack Monday against ship
ping caught in Simpson harbor at
Rabaul, New Britain, while 24 en
emy fighters were shot down by Al
lied airmen pounding the Japanese
stronghold, it was announced today.
Five cargo vessels and a tanker
vvere sunk in the torpedo plane at
tack with two other vessels blasted
by direct hits and beached, General
Douglas Mac Arthur's communique
reported.
ADVANCED ALLIED H.Q., New
Guinea, Jan. 27, (UP) — American
Navy torpedo planes sank six Jap
anese ships and damaged two others
in an attack Monday against ship
ping caught in Simpson harbor at
Rabaul, New Britain, while 24 en
emy fighters were shot down by Al
lied airmen pounding the Japanese
stronghold, it was announced today.
Five cargo vessels and a tanker
vvere sunk in the torpedo plane at
tack with two other vessels blasted
by direct hits and beached, General
Douglas Mac Arthur's communique
reported.
ADVANCED ALLIED H.Q., New
Guinea, Jan. 27, (UP) — American
Navy torpedo planes sank six Jap
anese ships and damaged two others
in an attack Monday against ship
ping caught in Simpson harbor at
Rabaul, New Britain, while 24 en
emy fighters were shot down by Al
lied airmen pounding the Japanese
stronghold, it was announced today.
Five cargo vessels and a tanker
vvere sunk in the torpedo plane at
tack with two other vessels blasted
by direct hits and beached, General
Douglas Mac Arthur's communique
reported.
ADVANCED ALLIED H.Q., New
Guinea, Jan. 27, (UP) — American
Navy torpedo planes sank six Jap
anese ships and damaged two others
in an attack Monday against ship
ping caught in Simpson harbor at
Rabaul, New Britain, while 24 en
emy fighters were shot down by Al
lied airmen pounding the Japanese
stronghold, it was announced today.
Five cargo vessels and a tanker
vvere sunk in the torpedo plane at
tack with two other vessels blasted
by direct hits and beached, General
Douglas Mac Arthur's communique
reported.
ADVANCED ALLIED H.Q., New
Guinea, Jan. 27, (UP) — American
Navy torpedo planes sank six Jap
anese ships and damaged two others
in an attack Monday against ship
ping caught in Simpson harbor at
Rabaul, New Britain, while 24 en
emy fighters were shot down by Al
lied airmen pounding the Japanese
stronghold, it was announced today.
Five cargo vessels and a tanker
vvere sunk in the torpedo plane at
tack with two other vessels blasted
by direct hits and beached, General
Douglas Mac Arthur's communique
reported.
ADVANCED ALLIED H.Q., New
Guinea, Jan. 27, (UP) — American
Navy torpedo planes sank six Jap
anese ships and damaged two others
in an attack Monday against ship
ping caught in Simpson harbor at
Rabaul, New Britain, while 24 en
emy fighters were shot down by Al
lied airmen pounding the Japanese
stronghold, it was announced today.
Five cargo vessels and a tanker
vvere sunk in the torpedo plane at
tack with two other vessels blasted
by direct hits and beached, General
Douglas Mac Arthur's communique
reported.
ADVANCED ALLIED H.Q., New
Guinea, Jan. 27, (UP) — American
Navy torpedo planes sank six Jap
anese ships and damaged two others
in an attack Monday against ship
ping caught in Simpson harbor at
Rabaul, New Britain, while 24 en
emy fighters were shot down by Al
lied airmen pounding the Japanese
stronghold, it was announced today.
Five cargo vessels and a tanker
vvere sunk in the torpedo plane at
tack with two other vessels blasted
by direct hits and beached, General
Douglas Mac Arthur's communique
reported.
ADVANCED ALLIED H.Q., New
Guinea, Jan. 27, (UP) — American
Navy torpedo planes sank six Jap
anese ships and damaged two others
in an attack Monday against ship
ping caught in Simpson harbor at
Rabaul, New Britain, while 24 en
emy fighters were shot down by Al
lied airmen pounding the Japanese
stronghold, it was announced today.
Five cargo vessels and a tanker
vvere sunk in the torpedo plane at
tack with two other vessels blasted
by direct hits and beached, General
Douglas Mac Arthur's communique
reported.
