# Russia Refuses U.S. Help in Polish Dispute
## 
### 
WASHINGTON. (UP)—Russia to
day rejected a United States offer to
help heal the diplomatic breach be
tween the Polish and Soviet Union
governments, but it did not close the
door to a similar bid in the future.
The rejection was revealed by Sec
retary of State Cordell Hull, who
said it was based on grounds that
conditions were not yet right for
utilizing the good offices of this
country.
WASHINGTON. (UP)—Russia to
day rejected a United States offer to
help heal the diplomatic breach be
tween the Polish and Soviet Union
governments, but it did not close the
door to a similar bid in the future.
The rejection was revealed by Sec
retary of State Cordell Hull, who
said it was based on grounds that
conditions were not yet right for
utilizing the good offices of this
country.
WASHINGTON. (UP)—Russia to
day rejected a United States offer to
help heal the diplomatic breach be
tween the Polish and Soviet Union
governments, but it did not close the
door to a similar bid in the future.
The rejection was revealed by Sec
retary of State Cordell Hull, who
said it was based on grounds that
conditions were not yet right for
utilizing the good offices of this
country.
WASHINGTON. (UP)—Russia to
day rejected a United States offer to
help heal the diplomatic breach be
tween the Polish and Soviet Union
governments, but it did not close the
door to a similar bid in the future.
The rejection was revealed by Sec
retary of State Cordell Hull, who
said it was based on grounds that
conditions were not yet right for
utilizing the good offices of this
country.
WASHINGTON. (UP)—Russia to
day rejected a United States offer to
help heal the diplomatic breach be
tween the Polish and Soviet Union
governments, but it did not close the
door to a similar bid in the future.
The rejection was revealed by Sec
retary of State Cordell Hull, who
said it was based on grounds that
conditions were not yet right for
utilizing the good offices of this
country.
WASHINGTON. (UP)—Russia to
day rejected a United States offer to
help heal the diplomatic breach be
tween the Polish and Soviet Union
governments, but it did not close the
door to a similar bid in the future.
The rejection was revealed by Sec
retary of State Cordell Hull, who
said it was based on grounds that
conditions were not yet right for
utilizing the good offices of this
country.
WASHINGTON. (UP)—Russia to
day rejected a United States offer to
help heal the diplomatic breach be
tween the Polish and Soviet Union
governments, but it did not close the
door to a similar bid in the future.
The rejection was revealed by Sec
retary of State Cordell Hull, who
said it was based on grounds that
conditions were not yet right for
utilizing the good offices of this
country.
WASHINGTON. (UP)—Russia to
day rejected a United States offer to
help heal the diplomatic breach be
tween the Polish and Soviet Union
governments, but it did not close the
door to a similar bid in the future.
The rejection was revealed by Sec
retary of State Cordell Hull, who
said it was based on grounds that
conditions were not yet right for
utilizing the good offices of this
country.
WASHINGTON. (UP)—Russia to
day rejected a United States offer to
help heal the diplomatic breach be
tween the Polish and Soviet Union
governments, but it did not close the
door to a similar bid in the future.
The rejection was revealed by Sec
retary of State Cordell Hull, who
said it was based on grounds that
conditions were not yet right for
utilizing the good offices of this
country.
WASHINGTON. (UP)—Russia to
day rejected a United States offer to
help heal the diplomatic breach be
tween the Polish and Soviet Union
governments, but it did not close the
door to a similar bid in the future.
The rejection was revealed by Sec
retary of State Cordell Hull, who
said it was based on grounds that
conditions were not yet right for
utilizing the good offices of this
country.
WASHINGTON. (UP)—Russia to
day rejected a United States offer to
help heal the diplomatic breach be
tween the Polish and Soviet Union
governments, but it did not close the
door to a similar bid in the future.
The rejection was revealed by Sec
retary of State Cordell Hull, who
said it was based on grounds that
conditions were not yet right for
utilizing the good offices of this
country.
WASHINGTON. (UP)—Russia to
day rejected a United States offer to
help heal the diplomatic breach be
tween the Polish and Soviet Union
governments, but it did not close the
door to a similar bid in the future.
The rejection was revealed by Sec
retary of State Cordell Hull, who
said it was based on grounds that
conditions were not yet right for
utilizing the good offices of this
country.
WASHINGTON. (UP)—Russia to
day rejected a United States offer to
help heal the diplomatic breach be
tween the Polish and Soviet Union
governments, but it did not close the
door to a similar bid in the future.
The rejection was revealed by Sec
retary of State Cordell Hull, who
said it was based on grounds that
conditions were not yet right for
utilizing the good offices of this
country.
WASHINGTON. (UP)—Russia to
day rejected a United States offer to
help heal the diplomatic breach be
tween the Polish and Soviet Union
governments, but it did not close the
door to a similar bid in the future.
The rejection was revealed by Sec
retary of State Cordell Hull, who
said it was based on grounds that
conditions were not yet right for
utilizing the good offices of this
country.
WASHINGTON. (UP)—Russia to
day rejected a United States offer to
help heal the diplomatic breach be
tween the Polish and Soviet Union
governments, but it did not close the
door to a similar bid in the future.
The rejection was revealed by Sec
retary of State Cordell Hull, who
said it was based on grounds that
conditions were not yet right for
utilizing the good offices of this
country.
