# Bulletin Board ...
## 
### 
PLEDGE CARDS must be turned in
to the War Board office by Auxil
iary members today.
PLEDGE CARDS must be turned in
to the War Board office by Auxil
iary members today.
PLEDGE CARDS must be turned in
to the War Board office by Auxil
iary members today.
PLEDGE CARDS must be turned in
to the War Board office by Auxil
iary members today.
PLEDGE CARDS must be turned in
to the War Board office by Auxil
iary members today.
PLEDGE CARDS must be turned in
to the War Board office by Auxil
iary members today.
PLEDGE CARDS must be turned in
to the War Board office by Auxil
iary members today.
PLEDGE CARDS must be turned in
to the War Board office by Auxil
iary members today.
PLEDGE CARDS must be turned in
to the War Board office by Auxil
iary members today.
PLEDGE CARDS must be turned in
to the War Board office by Auxil
iary members today.
PLEDGE CARDS must be turned in
to the War Board office by Auxil
iary members today.
PLEDGE CARDS must be turned in
to the War Board office by Auxil
iary members today.
PLEDGE CARDS must be turned in
to the War Board office by Auxil
iary members today.
PLEDGE CARDS must be turned in
to the War Board office by Auxil
iary members today.
PLEDGE CARDS must be turned in
to the War Board office by Auxil
iary members today.
