# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
i in mmmammm—mm
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge Cr DeSoto
| Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
j Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Home/
DAvenport 2-2158
i in mmmammm—mm
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge Cr DeSoto
| Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
j Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Home/
DAvenport 2-2158
i in mmmammm—mm
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge Cr DeSoto
| Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
j Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Home/
DAvenport 2-2158
i in mmmammm—mm
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge Cr DeSoto
| Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
j Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Home/
DAvenport 2-2158
i in mmmammm—mm
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge Cr DeSoto
| Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
j Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Home/
DAvenport 2-2158
i in mmmammm—mm
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge Cr DeSoto
| Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
j Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Home/
DAvenport 2-2158
i in mmmammm—mm
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge Cr DeSoto
| Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
j Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Home/
DAvenport 2-2158
i in mmmammm—mm
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge Cr DeSoto
| Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
j Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Home/
DAvenport 2-2158
i in mmmammm—mm
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge Cr DeSoto
| Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
j Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Home/
DAvenport 2-2158
i in mmmammm—mm
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge Cr DeSoto
| Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
j Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Home/
DAvenport 2-2158
i in mmmammm—mm
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge Cr DeSoto
| Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
j Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Home/
DAvenport 2-2158
i in mmmammm—mm
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge Cr DeSoto
| Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
j Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Home/
DAvenport 2-2158
i in mmmammm—mm
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge Cr DeSoto
| Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
j Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Home/
DAvenport 2-2158
i in mmmammm—mm
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge Cr DeSoto
| Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
j Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Home/
DAvenport 2-2158
i in mmmammm—mm
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge Cr DeSoto
| Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
j Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Home/
DAvenport 2-2158
