# On Your Dial-880
## 
### 
For a dynamic narrative of the
early dramatic years of Stanford,
tune in tonight at 10:15 for "The
Stanford Cavalcade." The program,
presented every Thursday at this
time, is written and produced by
May belle Zobel.
And for 15 sparkling minutes with
the ten sparkling fingers of Bill
Bowles, listen tonight at 10 for
"Piano Ramblings with Bill Bowles."

• 7:00 p.m.—Music at Seven
7:2s—News
7:oo—Sports Barrel
7:4s—Coffee Time
B:oo—Cardinal Classics
!>:oo—Music for Studying
!)::50—Eddy Duchin Show
!>:4s—Bargain Bulletins
10:00—Piano Ramlilings with Bill
Bowles
10:15—The Stanford Cavalcade
10:.'I0—Lockout Cluh
11 ; flft—News

The show features piano stylings
from Bach to Boogie with songs by
our throaty thrush, Butch Arm
strong.
In another feature attraction,
sports reporter Claude Rosenberg
will take the lid off his "Sports
Barrel" show tonight at 7:30 with
the first airing of his weekly sports
quiz.
Winner of the question and an
swer game each week will receive
a carton of Chesterfields.

For a dynamic narrative of the
early dramatic years of Stanford,
tune in tonight at 10:15 for "The
Stanford Cavalcade." The program,
presented every Thursday at this
time, is written and produced by
May belle Zobel.
And for 15 sparkling minutes with
the ten sparkling fingers of Bill
Bowles, listen tonight at 10 for
"Piano Ramblings with Bill Bowles."

• 7:00 p.m.—Music at Seven
7:2s—News
7:oo—Sports Barrel
7:4s—Coffee Time
B:oo—Cardinal Classics
!>:oo—Music for Studying
!)::50—Eddy Duchin Show
!>:4s—Bargain Bulletins
10:00—Piano Ramlilings with Bill
Bowles
10:15—The Stanford Cavalcade
10:.'I0—Lockout Cluh
11 ; flft—News

The show features piano stylings
from Bach to Boogie with songs by
our throaty thrush, Butch Arm
strong.
In another feature attraction,
sports reporter Claude Rosenberg
will take the lid off his "Sports
Barrel" show tonight at 7:30 with
the first airing of his weekly sports
quiz.
Winner of the question and an
swer game each week will receive
a carton of Chesterfields.

For a dynamic narrative of the
early dramatic years of Stanford,
tune in tonight at 10:15 for "The
Stanford Cavalcade." The program,
presented every Thursday at this
time, is written and produced by
May belle Zobel.
And for 15 sparkling minutes with
the ten sparkling fingers of Bill
Bowles, listen tonight at 10 for
"Piano Ramblings with Bill Bowles."

• 7:00 p.m.—Music at Seven
7:2s—News
7:oo—Sports Barrel
7:4s—Coffee Time
B:oo—Cardinal Classics
!>:oo—Music for Studying
!)::50—Eddy Duchin Show
!>:4s—Bargain Bulletins
10:00—Piano Ramlilings with Bill
Bowles
10:15—The Stanford Cavalcade
10:.'I0—Lockout Cluh
11 ; flft—News

The show features piano stylings
from Bach to Boogie with songs by
our throaty thrush, Butch Arm
strong.
In another feature attraction,
sports reporter Claude Rosenberg
will take the lid off his "Sports
Barrel" show tonight at 7:30 with
the first airing of his weekly sports
quiz.
Winner of the question and an
swer game each week will receive
a carton of Chesterfields.

For a dynamic narrative of the
early dramatic years of Stanford,
tune in tonight at 10:15 for "The
Stanford Cavalcade." The program,
presented every Thursday at this
time, is written and produced by
May belle Zobel.
And for 15 sparkling minutes with
the ten sparkling fingers of Bill
Bowles, listen tonight at 10 for
"Piano Ramblings with Bill Bowles."

• 7:00 p.m.—Music at Seven
7:2s—News
7:oo—Sports Barrel
7:4s—Coffee Time
B:oo—Cardinal Classics
!>:oo—Music for Studying
!)::50—Eddy Duchin Show
!>:4s—Bargain Bulletins
10:00—Piano Ramlilings with Bill
Bowles
10:15—The Stanford Cavalcade
10:.'I0—Lockout Cluh
11 ; flft—News

The show features piano stylings
from Bach to Boogie with songs by
our throaty thrush, Butch Arm
strong.
In another feature attraction,
sports reporter Claude Rosenberg
will take the lid off his "Sports
Barrel" show tonight at 7:30 with
the first airing of his weekly sports
quiz.
Winner of the question and an
swer game each week will receive
a carton of Chesterfields.

For a dynamic narrative of the
early dramatic years of Stanford,
tune in tonight at 10:15 for "The
Stanford Cavalcade." The program,
presented every Thursday at this
time, is written and produced by
May belle Zobel.
And for 15 sparkling minutes with
the ten sparkling fingers of Bill
Bowles, listen tonight at 10 for
"Piano Ramblings with Bill Bowles."

• 7:00 p.m.—Music at Seven
7:2s—News
7:oo—Sports Barrel
7:4s—Coffee Time
B:oo—Cardinal Classics
!>:oo—Music for Studying
!)::50—Eddy Duchin Show
!>:4s—Bargain Bulletins
10:00—Piano Ramlilings with Bill
Bowles
10:15—The Stanford Cavalcade
10:.'I0—Lockout Cluh
11 ; flft—News

The show features piano stylings
from Bach to Boogie with songs by
our throaty thrush, Butch Arm
strong.
In another feature attraction,
sports reporter Claude Rosenberg
will take the lid off his "Sports
Barrel" show tonight at 7:30 with
the first airing of his weekly sports
quiz.
Winner of the question and an
swer game each week will receive
a carton of Chesterfields.

For a dynamic narrative of the
early dramatic years of Stanford,
tune in tonight at 10:15 for "The
Stanford Cavalcade." The program,
presented every Thursday at this
time, is written and produced by
May belle Zobel.
And for 15 sparkling minutes with
the ten sparkling fingers of Bill
Bowles, listen tonight at 10 for
"Piano Ramblings with Bill Bowles."

• 7:00 p.m.—Music at Seven
7:2s—News
7:oo—Sports Barrel
7:4s—Coffee Time
B:oo—Cardinal Classics
!>:oo—Music for Studying
!)::50—Eddy Duchin Show
!>:4s—Bargain Bulletins
10:00—Piano Ramlilings with Bill
Bowles
10:15—The Stanford Cavalcade
10:.'I0—Lockout Cluh
11 ; flft—News

The show features piano stylings
from Bach to Boogie with songs by
our throaty thrush, Butch Arm
strong.
In another feature attraction,
sports reporter Claude Rosenberg
will take the lid off his "Sports
Barrel" show tonight at 7:30 with
the first airing of his weekly sports
quiz.
Winner of the question and an
swer game each week will receive
a carton of Chesterfields.

For a dynamic narrative of the
early dramatic years of Stanford,
tune in tonight at 10:15 for "The
Stanford Cavalcade." The program,
presented every Thursday at this
time, is written and produced by
May belle Zobel.
And for 15 sparkling minutes with
the ten sparkling fingers of Bill
Bowles, listen tonight at 10 for
"Piano Ramblings with Bill Bowles."

• 7:00 p.m.—Music at Seven
7:2s—News
7:oo—Sports Barrel
7:4s—Coffee Time
B:oo—Cardinal Classics
!>:oo—Music for Studying
!)::50—Eddy Duchin Show
!>:4s—Bargain Bulletins
10:00—Piano Ramlilings with Bill
Bowles
10:15—The Stanford Cavalcade
10:.'I0—Lockout Cluh
11 ; flft—News

The show features piano stylings
from Bach to Boogie with songs by
our throaty thrush, Butch Arm
strong.
In another feature attraction,
sports reporter Claude Rosenberg
will take the lid off his "Sports
Barrel" show tonight at 7:30 with
the first airing of his weekly sports
quiz.
Winner of the question and an
swer game each week will receive
a carton of Chesterfields.

For a dynamic narrative of the
early dramatic years of Stanford,
tune in tonight at 10:15 for "The
Stanford Cavalcade." The program,
presented every Thursday at this
time, is written and produced by
May belle Zobel.
And for 15 sparkling minutes with
the ten sparkling fingers of Bill
Bowles, listen tonight at 10 for
"Piano Ramblings with Bill Bowles."

• 7:00 p.m.—Music at Seven
7:2s—News
7:oo—Sports Barrel
7:4s—Coffee Time
B:oo—Cardinal Classics
!>:oo—Music for Studying
!)::50—Eddy Duchin Show
!>:4s—Bargain Bulletins
10:00—Piano Ramlilings with Bill
Bowles
10:15—The Stanford Cavalcade
10:.'I0—Lockout Cluh
11 ; flft—News

The show features piano stylings
from Bach to Boogie with songs by
our throaty thrush, Butch Arm
strong.
In another feature attraction,
sports reporter Claude Rosenberg
will take the lid off his "Sports
Barrel" show tonight at 7:30 with
the first airing of his weekly sports
quiz.
Winner of the question and an
swer game each week will receive
a carton of Chesterfields.

For a dynamic narrative of the
early dramatic years of Stanford,
tune in tonight at 10:15 for "The
Stanford Cavalcade." The program,
presented every Thursday at this
time, is written and produced by
May belle Zobel.
And for 15 sparkling minutes with
the ten sparkling fingers of Bill
Bowles, listen tonight at 10 for
"Piano Ramblings with Bill Bowles."

• 7:00 p.m.—Music at Seven
7:2s—News
7:oo—Sports Barrel
7:4s—Coffee Time
B:oo—Cardinal Classics
!>:oo—Music for Studying
!)::50—Eddy Duchin Show
!>:4s—Bargain Bulletins
10:00—Piano Ramlilings with Bill
Bowles
10:15—The Stanford Cavalcade
10:.'I0—Lockout Cluh
11 ; flft—News

The show features piano stylings
from Bach to Boogie with songs by
our throaty thrush, Butch Arm
strong.
In another feature attraction,
sports reporter Claude Rosenberg
will take the lid off his "Sports
Barrel" show tonight at 7:30 with
the first airing of his weekly sports
quiz.
Winner of the question and an
swer game each week will receive
a carton of Chesterfields.

For a dynamic narrative of the
early dramatic years of Stanford,
tune in tonight at 10:15 for "The
Stanford Cavalcade." The program,
presented every Thursday at this
time, is written and produced by
May belle Zobel.
And for 15 sparkling minutes with
the ten sparkling fingers of Bill
Bowles, listen tonight at 10 for
"Piano Ramblings with Bill Bowles."

• 7:00 p.m.—Music at Seven
7:2s—News
7:oo—Sports Barrel
7:4s—Coffee Time
B:oo—Cardinal Classics
!>:oo—Music for Studying
!)::50—Eddy Duchin Show
!>:4s—Bargain Bulletins
10:00—Piano Ramlilings with Bill
Bowles
10:15—The Stanford Cavalcade
10:.'I0—Lockout Cluh
11 ; flft—News

The show features piano stylings
from Bach to Boogie with songs by
our throaty thrush, Butch Arm
strong.
In another feature attraction,
sports reporter Claude Rosenberg
will take the lid off his "Sports
Barrel" show tonight at 7:30 with
the first airing of his weekly sports
quiz.
Winner of the question and an
swer game each week will receive
a carton of Chesterfields.

For a dynamic narrative of the
early dramatic years of Stanford,
tune in tonight at 10:15 for "The
Stanford Cavalcade." The program,
presented every Thursday at this
time, is written and produced by
May belle Zobel.
And for 15 sparkling minutes with
the ten sparkling fingers of Bill
Bowles, listen tonight at 10 for
"Piano Ramblings with Bill Bowles."

• 7:00 p.m.—Music at Seven
7:2s—News
7:oo—Sports Barrel
7:4s—Coffee Time
B:oo—Cardinal Classics
!>:oo—Music for Studying
!)::50—Eddy Duchin Show
!>:4s—Bargain Bulletins
10:00—Piano Ramlilings with Bill
Bowles
10:15—The Stanford Cavalcade
10:.'I0—Lockout Cluh
11 ; flft—News

The show features piano stylings
from Bach to Boogie with songs by
our throaty thrush, Butch Arm
strong.
In another feature attraction,
sports reporter Claude Rosenberg
will take the lid off his "Sports
Barrel" show tonight at 7:30 with
the first airing of his weekly sports
quiz.
Winner of the question and an
swer game each week will receive
a carton of Chesterfields.

For a dynamic narrative of the
early dramatic years of Stanford,
tune in tonight at 10:15 for "The
Stanford Cavalcade." The program,
presented every Thursday at this
time, is written and produced by
May belle Zobel.
And for 15 sparkling minutes with
the ten sparkling fingers of Bill
Bowles, listen tonight at 10 for
"Piano Ramblings with Bill Bowles."

• 7:00 p.m.—Music at Seven
7:2s—News
7:oo—Sports Barrel
7:4s—Coffee Time
B:oo—Cardinal Classics
!>:oo—Music for Studying
!)::50—Eddy Duchin Show
!>:4s—Bargain Bulletins
10:00—Piano Ramlilings with Bill
Bowles
10:15—The Stanford Cavalcade
10:.'I0—Lockout Cluh
11 ; flft—News

The show features piano stylings
from Bach to Boogie with songs by
our throaty thrush, Butch Arm
strong.
In another feature attraction,
sports reporter Claude Rosenberg
will take the lid off his "Sports
Barrel" show tonight at 7:30 with
the first airing of his weekly sports
quiz.
Winner of the question and an
swer game each week will receive
a carton of Chesterfields.

For a dynamic narrative of the
early dramatic years of Stanford,
tune in tonight at 10:15 for "The
Stanford Cavalcade." The program,
presented every Thursday at this
time, is written and produced by
May belle Zobel.
And for 15 sparkling minutes with
the ten sparkling fingers of Bill
Bowles, listen tonight at 10 for
"Piano Ramblings with Bill Bowles."

• 7:00 p.m.—Music at Seven
7:2s—News
7:oo—Sports Barrel
7:4s—Coffee Time
B:oo—Cardinal Classics
!>:oo—Music for Studying
!)::50—Eddy Duchin Show
!>:4s—Bargain Bulletins
10:00—Piano Ramlilings with Bill
Bowles
10:15—The Stanford Cavalcade
10:.'I0—Lockout Cluh
11 ; flft—News

The show features piano stylings
from Bach to Boogie with songs by
our throaty thrush, Butch Arm
strong.
In another feature attraction,
sports reporter Claude Rosenberg
will take the lid off his "Sports
Barrel" show tonight at 7:30 with
the first airing of his weekly sports
quiz.
Winner of the question and an
swer game each week will receive
a carton of Chesterfields.

For a dynamic narrative of the
early dramatic years of Stanford,
tune in tonight at 10:15 for "The
Stanford Cavalcade." The program,
presented every Thursday at this
time, is written and produced by
May belle Zobel.
And for 15 sparkling minutes with
the ten sparkling fingers of Bill
Bowles, listen tonight at 10 for
"Piano Ramblings with Bill Bowles."

• 7:00 p.m.—Music at Seven
7:2s—News
7:oo—Sports Barrel
7:4s—Coffee Time
B:oo—Cardinal Classics
!>:oo—Music for Studying
!)::50—Eddy Duchin Show
!>:4s—Bargain Bulletins
10:00—Piano Ramlilings with Bill
Bowles
10:15—The Stanford Cavalcade
10:.'I0—Lockout Cluh
11 ; flft—News

The show features piano stylings
from Bach to Boogie with songs by
our throaty thrush, Butch Arm
strong.
In another feature attraction,
sports reporter Claude Rosenberg
will take the lid off his "Sports
Barrel" show tonight at 7:30 with
the first airing of his weekly sports
quiz.
Winner of the question and an
swer game each week will receive
a carton of Chesterfields.

For a dynamic narrative of the
early dramatic years of Stanford,
tune in tonight at 10:15 for "The
Stanford Cavalcade." The program,
presented every Thursday at this
time, is written and produced by
May belle Zobel.
And for 15 sparkling minutes with
the ten sparkling fingers of Bill
Bowles, listen tonight at 10 for
"Piano Ramblings with Bill Bowles."

• 7:00 p.m.—Music at Seven
7:2s—News
7:oo—Sports Barrel
7:4s—Coffee Time
B:oo—Cardinal Classics
!>:oo—Music for Studying
!)::50—Eddy Duchin Show
!>:4s—Bargain Bulletins
10:00—Piano Ramlilings with Bill
Bowles
10:15—The Stanford Cavalcade
10:.'I0—Lockout Cluh
11 ; flft—News

The show features piano stylings
from Bach to Boogie with songs by
our throaty thrush, Butch Arm
strong.
In another feature attraction,
sports reporter Claude Rosenberg
will take the lid off his "Sports
Barrel" show tonight at 7:30 with
the first airing of his weekly sports
quiz.
Winner of the question and an
swer game each week will receive
a carton of Chesterfields.

