# Christmas Painting Competition Opened
## 
### 
Art instructors and students have
been invited to enter paintings in
a Christmas painting contest. Hall
Brothers, Inc., sponsors of the con
test, are offering $30,000 in cash
prizes for the best paintings sub
mitted by American and French ar
tists.
Art instructors and students have
been invited to enter paintings in
a Christmas painting contest. Hall
Brothers, Inc., sponsors of the con
test, are offering $30,000 in cash
prizes for the best paintings sub
mitted by American and French ar
tists.
Art instructors and students have
been invited to enter paintings in
a Christmas painting contest. Hall
Brothers, Inc., sponsors of the con
test, are offering $30,000 in cash
prizes for the best paintings sub
mitted by American and French ar
tists.
Art instructors and students have
been invited to enter paintings in
a Christmas painting contest. Hall
Brothers, Inc., sponsors of the con
test, are offering $30,000 in cash
prizes for the best paintings sub
mitted by American and French ar
tists.
Art instructors and students have
been invited to enter paintings in
a Christmas painting contest. Hall
Brothers, Inc., sponsors of the con
test, are offering $30,000 in cash
prizes for the best paintings sub
mitted by American and French ar
tists.
Art instructors and students have
been invited to enter paintings in
a Christmas painting contest. Hall
Brothers, Inc., sponsors of the con
test, are offering $30,000 in cash
prizes for the best paintings sub
mitted by American and French ar
tists.
Art instructors and students have
been invited to enter paintings in
a Christmas painting contest. Hall
Brothers, Inc., sponsors of the con
test, are offering $30,000 in cash
prizes for the best paintings sub
mitted by American and French ar
tists.
Art instructors and students have
been invited to enter paintings in
a Christmas painting contest. Hall
Brothers, Inc., sponsors of the con
test, are offering $30,000 in cash
prizes for the best paintings sub
mitted by American and French ar
tists.
Art instructors and students have
been invited to enter paintings in
a Christmas painting contest. Hall
Brothers, Inc., sponsors of the con
test, are offering $30,000 in cash
prizes for the best paintings sub
mitted by American and French ar
tists.
Art instructors and students have
been invited to enter paintings in
a Christmas painting contest. Hall
Brothers, Inc., sponsors of the con
test, are offering $30,000 in cash
prizes for the best paintings sub
mitted by American and French ar
tists.
Art instructors and students have
been invited to enter paintings in
a Christmas painting contest. Hall
Brothers, Inc., sponsors of the con
test, are offering $30,000 in cash
prizes for the best paintings sub
mitted by American and French ar
tists.
Art instructors and students have
been invited to enter paintings in
a Christmas painting contest. Hall
Brothers, Inc., sponsors of the con
test, are offering $30,000 in cash
prizes for the best paintings sub
mitted by American and French ar
tists.
Art instructors and students have
been invited to enter paintings in
a Christmas painting contest. Hall
Brothers, Inc., sponsors of the con
test, are offering $30,000 in cash
prizes for the best paintings sub
mitted by American and French ar
tists.
Art instructors and students have
been invited to enter paintings in
a Christmas painting contest. Hall
Brothers, Inc., sponsors of the con
test, are offering $30,000 in cash
prizes for the best paintings sub
mitted by American and French ar
tists.
Art instructors and students have
been invited to enter paintings in
a Christmas painting contest. Hall
Brothers, Inc., sponsors of the con
test, are offering $30,000 in cash
prizes for the best paintings sub
mitted by American and French ar
tists.
