# Untitled Article
## 
### 

PETER GRIMM, PLAYED BY Morgan Stock, sits happily in his chair
flanked on either side by his niece (Hope Sterling) and nephew (Rob
ert Brown) during a scene from"The Return of Peter Grimm." which
opens on Memorial Auditorium main stage tonight. During the play.
Grimm's fancies induce him to take an active participation in the ro
mantic interest between his two companions.

PETER GRIMM, PLAYED BY Morgan Stock, sits happily in his chair
flanked on either side by his niece (Hope Sterling) and nephew (Rob
ert Brown) during a scene from"The Return of Peter Grimm." which
opens on Memorial Auditorium main stage tonight. During the play.
Grimm's fancies induce him to take an active participation in the ro
mantic interest between his two companions.

PETER GRIMM, PLAYED BY Morgan Stock, sits happily in his chair
flanked on either side by his niece (Hope Sterling) and nephew (Rob
ert Brown) during a scene from"The Return of Peter Grimm." which
opens on Memorial Auditorium main stage tonight. During the play.
Grimm's fancies induce him to take an active participation in the ro
mantic interest between his two companions.

PETER GRIMM, PLAYED BY Morgan Stock, sits happily in his chair
flanked on either side by his niece (Hope Sterling) and nephew (Rob
ert Brown) during a scene from"The Return of Peter Grimm." which
opens on Memorial Auditorium main stage tonight. During the play.
Grimm's fancies induce him to take an active participation in the ro
mantic interest between his two companions.

PETER GRIMM, PLAYED BY Morgan Stock, sits happily in his chair
flanked on either side by his niece (Hope Sterling) and nephew (Rob
ert Brown) during a scene from"The Return of Peter Grimm." which
opens on Memorial Auditorium main stage tonight. During the play.
Grimm's fancies induce him to take an active participation in the ro
mantic interest between his two companions.

PETER GRIMM, PLAYED BY Morgan Stock, sits happily in his chair
flanked on either side by his niece (Hope Sterling) and nephew (Rob
ert Brown) during a scene from"The Return of Peter Grimm." which
opens on Memorial Auditorium main stage tonight. During the play.
Grimm's fancies induce him to take an active participation in the ro
mantic interest between his two companions.

PETER GRIMM, PLAYED BY Morgan Stock, sits happily in his chair
flanked on either side by his niece (Hope Sterling) and nephew (Rob
ert Brown) during a scene from"The Return of Peter Grimm." which
opens on Memorial Auditorium main stage tonight. During the play.
Grimm's fancies induce him to take an active participation in the ro
mantic interest between his two companions.

PETER GRIMM, PLAYED BY Morgan Stock, sits happily in his chair
flanked on either side by his niece (Hope Sterling) and nephew (Rob
ert Brown) during a scene from"The Return of Peter Grimm." which
opens on Memorial Auditorium main stage tonight. During the play.
Grimm's fancies induce him to take an active participation in the ro
mantic interest between his two companions.

PETER GRIMM, PLAYED BY Morgan Stock, sits happily in his chair
flanked on either side by his niece (Hope Sterling) and nephew (Rob
ert Brown) during a scene from"The Return of Peter Grimm." which
opens on Memorial Auditorium main stage tonight. During the play.
Grimm's fancies induce him to take an active participation in the ro
mantic interest between his two companions.

PETER GRIMM, PLAYED BY Morgan Stock, sits happily in his chair
flanked on either side by his niece (Hope Sterling) and nephew (Rob
ert Brown) during a scene from"The Return of Peter Grimm." which
opens on Memorial Auditorium main stage tonight. During the play.
Grimm's fancies induce him to take an active participation in the ro
mantic interest between his two companions.

PETER GRIMM, PLAYED BY Morgan Stock, sits happily in his chair
flanked on either side by his niece (Hope Sterling) and nephew (Rob
ert Brown) during a scene from"The Return of Peter Grimm." which
opens on Memorial Auditorium main stage tonight. During the play.
Grimm's fancies induce him to take an active participation in the ro
mantic interest between his two companions.

PETER GRIMM, PLAYED BY Morgan Stock, sits happily in his chair
flanked on either side by his niece (Hope Sterling) and nephew (Rob
ert Brown) during a scene from"The Return of Peter Grimm." which
opens on Memorial Auditorium main stage tonight. During the play.
Grimm's fancies induce him to take an active participation in the ro
mantic interest between his two companions.

PETER GRIMM, PLAYED BY Morgan Stock, sits happily in his chair
flanked on either side by his niece (Hope Sterling) and nephew (Rob
ert Brown) during a scene from"The Return of Peter Grimm." which
opens on Memorial Auditorium main stage tonight. During the play.
Grimm's fancies induce him to take an active participation in the ro
mantic interest between his two companions.

PETER GRIMM, PLAYED BY Morgan Stock, sits happily in his chair
flanked on either side by his niece (Hope Sterling) and nephew (Rob
ert Brown) during a scene from"The Return of Peter Grimm." which
opens on Memorial Auditorium main stage tonight. During the play.
Grimm's fancies induce him to take an active participation in the ro
mantic interest between his two companions.

PETER GRIMM, PLAYED BY Morgan Stock, sits happily in his chair
flanked on either side by his niece (Hope Sterling) and nephew (Rob
ert Brown) during a scene from"The Return of Peter Grimm." which
opens on Memorial Auditorium main stage tonight. During the play.
Grimm's fancies induce him to take an active participation in the ro
mantic interest between his two companions.
