# MONEYMAKERS OF OLD GREECE SUBJECT OF FIRST TUESDAY TALK
## 
### 
Professor C. J. Bullock, Chairman
and Director of the Harvard Economic
Service, who is teaching Economics at
Stanford this quarter, will give the
first of the Tuesday evening lectures,
June 29, in the Little Theatre. His sub
ject is "Ancient Moneymakers of
Greece."
Professor Bullock in his title (foes
not refer to the artistic coins which
the Greeks designed and some of
which are noted for their classic
beauty, but to the same kind of
"money-making" for which American
business men have a reputation in the
world of today. Besides being a race
famous for artistic achievements, the
Greeks built up a commercial civiliza
tion, and it is the trade and business
conected with this culture that Profes
sor Bullock will discuss.
