# MEXICAN ORATOR TO EUROPE
## 
### 
Jose Munoz-Cota, who won the na
tional oratorical championship of Mex
ico, will go to Europe with United
States and Canadian student orators
to compete with winners of the ora
torical contests in England, France,
and Germany.
Jose Munoz-Cota, who won the na
tional oratorical championship of Mex
ico, will go to Europe with United
States and Canadian student orators
to compete with winners of the ora
torical contests in England, France,
and Germany.
Jose Munoz-Cota, who won the na
tional oratorical championship of Mex
ico, will go to Europe with United
States and Canadian student orators
to compete with winners of the ora
torical contests in England, France,
and Germany.
Jose Munoz-Cota, who won the na
tional oratorical championship of Mex
ico, will go to Europe with United
States and Canadian student orators
to compete with winners of the ora
torical contests in England, France,
and Germany.
Jose Munoz-Cota, who won the na
tional oratorical championship of Mex
ico, will go to Europe with United
States and Canadian student orators
to compete with winners of the ora
torical contests in England, France,
and Germany.
Jose Munoz-Cota, who won the na
tional oratorical championship of Mex
ico, will go to Europe with United
States and Canadian student orators
to compete with winners of the ora
torical contests in England, France,
and Germany.
Jose Munoz-Cota, who won the na
tional oratorical championship of Mex
ico, will go to Europe with United
States and Canadian student orators
to compete with winners of the ora
torical contests in England, France,
and Germany.
Jose Munoz-Cota, who won the na
tional oratorical championship of Mex
ico, will go to Europe with United
States and Canadian student orators
to compete with winners of the ora
torical contests in England, France,
and Germany.
Jose Munoz-Cota, who won the na
tional oratorical championship of Mex
ico, will go to Europe with United
States and Canadian student orators
to compete with winners of the ora
torical contests in England, France,
and Germany.
Jose Munoz-Cota, who won the na
tional oratorical championship of Mex
ico, will go to Europe with United
States and Canadian student orators
to compete with winners of the ora
torical contests in England, France,
and Germany.
Jose Munoz-Cota, who won the na
tional oratorical championship of Mex
ico, will go to Europe with United
States and Canadian student orators
to compete with winners of the ora
torical contests in England, France,
and Germany.
Jose Munoz-Cota, who won the na
tional oratorical championship of Mex
ico, will go to Europe with United
States and Canadian student orators
to compete with winners of the ora
torical contests in England, France,
and Germany.
Jose Munoz-Cota, who won the na
tional oratorical championship of Mex
ico, will go to Europe with United
States and Canadian student orators
to compete with winners of the ora
torical contests in England, France,
and Germany.
Jose Munoz-Cota, who won the na
tional oratorical championship of Mex
ico, will go to Europe with United
States and Canadian student orators
to compete with winners of the ora
torical contests in England, France,
and Germany.
