# STANFORD DAMES HOLD THEIR FIRST MEETING
## 
### 
The first meeting of the Stanford
Dames will he held in the Women's
Clubhouse Thursday afternoon, July 1,
at 3 o'clock. There will he a program
and light refreshments will be served.
The Stanford Dames is an organiza
tion open to the wives and mothers of
students in any department of the Uni
versity. The president, Mrs. Charles
Reynolds, is very eager for all women
who are eligible to attend this first
meeting and become acquainted with
each other. In this way their stay on
the campus will be made more enjoy
able. There is no formality of applica
tion or election as those eligible may
become members by just attending.
The officers of the club this year
are: President, Mrs. Charles Reynolds;
Vice-President, Mrs. O. G. Dressier;
Recording Secretary, Mrs. Evans;
Treasurer, Mrs. Fred Buss; Corres
ponding Secretary, Mrs. Clarence Os
born.
