# Rev. Napier's Son Arrested
## 
### 
John White Napier, 21, the son
of the Rev. B. Davie Napier,
Dean of the Chapel, was arrested
Tuesday evening on a charge of
auto theft.
Napier is accused of having
stolen the car of Vernon K. Niel
sen, 1341 Enchanted Way, San
Mateo, while in San Luis Obispo
on Nov. 10.
The car was recovered by San
Diego police a few days later.
Napier, who lives at 659 Sal
vatierra St., Stanford, was ar
rested by Palo Alto police and
booked at Santa Clara North
County Jail in Palo Alto yester
day at 7 p.m.
John White Napier, 21, the son
of the Rev. B. Davie Napier,
Dean of the Chapel, was arrested
Tuesday evening on a charge of
auto theft.
Napier is accused of having
stolen the car of Vernon K. Niel
sen, 1341 Enchanted Way, San
Mateo, while in San Luis Obispo
on Nov. 10.
The car was recovered by San
Diego police a few days later.
Napier, who lives at 659 Sal
vatierra St., Stanford, was ar
rested by Palo Alto police and
booked at Santa Clara North
County Jail in Palo Alto yester
day at 7 p.m.
John White Napier, 21, the son
of the Rev. B. Davie Napier,
Dean of the Chapel, was arrested
Tuesday evening on a charge of
auto theft.
Napier is accused of having
stolen the car of Vernon K. Niel
sen, 1341 Enchanted Way, San
Mateo, while in San Luis Obispo
on Nov. 10.
The car was recovered by San
Diego police a few days later.
Napier, who lives at 659 Sal
vatierra St., Stanford, was ar
rested by Palo Alto police and
booked at Santa Clara North
County Jail in Palo Alto yester
day at 7 p.m.
John White Napier, 21, the son
of the Rev. B. Davie Napier,
Dean of the Chapel, was arrested
Tuesday evening on a charge of
auto theft.
Napier is accused of having
stolen the car of Vernon K. Niel
sen, 1341 Enchanted Way, San
Mateo, while in San Luis Obispo
on Nov. 10.
The car was recovered by San
Diego police a few days later.
Napier, who lives at 659 Sal
vatierra St., Stanford, was ar
rested by Palo Alto police and
booked at Santa Clara North
County Jail in Palo Alto yester
day at 7 p.m.
John White Napier, 21, the son
of the Rev. B. Davie Napier,
Dean of the Chapel, was arrested
Tuesday evening on a charge of
auto theft.
Napier is accused of having
stolen the car of Vernon K. Niel
sen, 1341 Enchanted Way, San
Mateo, while in San Luis Obispo
on Nov. 10.
The car was recovered by San
Diego police a few days later.
Napier, who lives at 659 Sal
vatierra St., Stanford, was ar
rested by Palo Alto police and
booked at Santa Clara North
County Jail in Palo Alto yester
day at 7 p.m.
John White Napier, 21, the son
of the Rev. B. Davie Napier,
Dean of the Chapel, was arrested
Tuesday evening on a charge of
auto theft.
Napier is accused of having
stolen the car of Vernon K. Niel
sen, 1341 Enchanted Way, San
Mateo, while in San Luis Obispo
on Nov. 10.
The car was recovered by San
Diego police a few days later.
Napier, who lives at 659 Sal
vatierra St., Stanford, was ar
rested by Palo Alto police and
booked at Santa Clara North
County Jail in Palo Alto yester
day at 7 p.m.
John White Napier, 21, the son
of the Rev. B. Davie Napier,
Dean of the Chapel, was arrested
Tuesday evening on a charge of
auto theft.
Napier is accused of having
stolen the car of Vernon K. Niel
sen, 1341 Enchanted Way, San
Mateo, while in San Luis Obispo
on Nov. 10.
The car was recovered by San
Diego police a few days later.
Napier, who lives at 659 Sal
vatierra St., Stanford, was ar
rested by Palo Alto police and
booked at Santa Clara North
County Jail in Palo Alto yester
day at 7 p.m.
John White Napier, 21, the son
of the Rev. B. Davie Napier,
Dean of the Chapel, was arrested
Tuesday evening on a charge of
auto theft.
Napier is accused of having
stolen the car of Vernon K. Niel
sen, 1341 Enchanted Way, San
Mateo, while in San Luis Obispo
on Nov. 10.
The car was recovered by San
Diego police a few days later.
Napier, who lives at 659 Sal
vatierra St., Stanford, was ar
rested by Palo Alto police and
booked at Santa Clara North
County Jail in Palo Alto yester
day at 7 p.m.
John White Napier, 21, the son
of the Rev. B. Davie Napier,
Dean of the Chapel, was arrested
Tuesday evening on a charge of
auto theft.
Napier is accused of having
stolen the car of Vernon K. Niel
sen, 1341 Enchanted Way, San
Mateo, while in San Luis Obispo
on Nov. 10.
The car was recovered by San
Diego police a few days later.
Napier, who lives at 659 Sal
vatierra St., Stanford, was ar
rested by Palo Alto police and
booked at Santa Clara North
County Jail in Palo Alto yester
day at 7 p.m.
John White Napier, 21, the son
of the Rev. B. Davie Napier,
Dean of the Chapel, was arrested
Tuesday evening on a charge of
auto theft.
Napier is accused of having
stolen the car of Vernon K. Niel
sen, 1341 Enchanted Way, San
Mateo, while in San Luis Obispo
on Nov. 10.
The car was recovered by San
Diego police a few days later.
Napier, who lives at 659 Sal
vatierra St., Stanford, was ar
rested by Palo Alto police and
booked at Santa Clara North
County Jail in Palo Alto yester
day at 7 p.m.
John White Napier, 21, the son
of the Rev. B. Davie Napier,
Dean of the Chapel, was arrested
Tuesday evening on a charge of
auto theft.
Napier is accused of having
stolen the car of Vernon K. Niel
sen, 1341 Enchanted Way, San
Mateo, while in San Luis Obispo
on Nov. 10.
The car was recovered by San
Diego police a few days later.
Napier, who lives at 659 Sal
vatierra St., Stanford, was ar
rested by Palo Alto police and
booked at Santa Clara North
County Jail in Palo Alto yester
day at 7 p.m.
John White Napier, 21, the son
of the Rev. B. Davie Napier,
Dean of the Chapel, was arrested
Tuesday evening on a charge of
auto theft.
Napier is accused of having
stolen the car of Vernon K. Niel
sen, 1341 Enchanted Way, San
Mateo, while in San Luis Obispo
on Nov. 10.
The car was recovered by San
Diego police a few days later.
Napier, who lives at 659 Sal
vatierra St., Stanford, was ar
rested by Palo Alto police and
booked at Santa Clara North
County Jail in Palo Alto yester
day at 7 p.m.
John White Napier, 21, the son
of the Rev. B. Davie Napier,
Dean of the Chapel, was arrested
Tuesday evening on a charge of
auto theft.
Napier is accused of having
stolen the car of Vernon K. Niel
sen, 1341 Enchanted Way, San
Mateo, while in San Luis Obispo
on Nov. 10.
The car was recovered by San
Diego police a few days later.
Napier, who lives at 659 Sal
vatierra St., Stanford, was ar
rested by Palo Alto police and
booked at Santa Clara North
County Jail in Palo Alto yester
day at 7 p.m.
John White Napier, 21, the son
of the Rev. B. Davie Napier,
Dean of the Chapel, was arrested
Tuesday evening on a charge of
auto theft.
Napier is accused of having
stolen the car of Vernon K. Niel
sen, 1341 Enchanted Way, San
Mateo, while in San Luis Obispo
on Nov. 10.
The car was recovered by San
Diego police a few days later.
Napier, who lives at 659 Sal
vatierra St., Stanford, was ar
rested by Palo Alto police and
booked at Santa Clara North
County Jail in Palo Alto yester
day at 7 p.m.
John White Napier, 21, the son
of the Rev. B. Davie Napier,
Dean of the Chapel, was arrested
Tuesday evening on a charge of
auto theft.
Napier is accused of having
stolen the car of Vernon K. Niel
sen, 1341 Enchanted Way, San
Mateo, while in San Luis Obispo
on Nov. 10.
The car was recovered by San
Diego police a few days later.
Napier, who lives at 659 Sal
vatierra St., Stanford, was ar
rested by Palo Alto police and
booked at Santa Clara North
County Jail in Palo Alto yester
day at 7 p.m.
