# ORGAN RECITAL
## 
### 
University Organist Herbert B.
Nanney will present an all - Bach
program at 4:15 p.m. today in Me
morial Church. Selections will in
clude Prelude and Fugue in F Ma
jor, two Chorale Preludes, Largo
from the Fifth Trio Sonata, and the
Concerto No. 1 in G Minor.
University Organist Herbert B.
Nanney will present an all - Bach
program at 4:15 p.m. today in Me
morial Church. Selections will in
clude Prelude and Fugue in F Ma
jor, two Chorale Preludes, Largo
from the Fifth Trio Sonata, and the
Concerto No. 1 in G Minor.
University Organist Herbert B.
Nanney will present an all - Bach
program at 4:15 p.m. today in Me
morial Church. Selections will in
clude Prelude and Fugue in F Ma
jor, two Chorale Preludes, Largo
from the Fifth Trio Sonata, and the
Concerto No. 1 in G Minor.
University Organist Herbert B.
Nanney will present an all - Bach
program at 4:15 p.m. today in Me
morial Church. Selections will in
clude Prelude and Fugue in F Ma
jor, two Chorale Preludes, Largo
from the Fifth Trio Sonata, and the
Concerto No. 1 in G Minor.
University Organist Herbert B.
Nanney will present an all - Bach
program at 4:15 p.m. today in Me
morial Church. Selections will in
clude Prelude and Fugue in F Ma
jor, two Chorale Preludes, Largo
from the Fifth Trio Sonata, and the
Concerto No. 1 in G Minor.
University Organist Herbert B.
Nanney will present an all - Bach
program at 4:15 p.m. today in Me
morial Church. Selections will in
clude Prelude and Fugue in F Ma
jor, two Chorale Preludes, Largo
from the Fifth Trio Sonata, and the
Concerto No. 1 in G Minor.
University Organist Herbert B.
Nanney will present an all - Bach
program at 4:15 p.m. today in Me
morial Church. Selections will in
clude Prelude and Fugue in F Ma
jor, two Chorale Preludes, Largo
from the Fifth Trio Sonata, and the
Concerto No. 1 in G Minor.
University Organist Herbert B.
Nanney will present an all - Bach
program at 4:15 p.m. today in Me
morial Church. Selections will in
clude Prelude and Fugue in F Ma
jor, two Chorale Preludes, Largo
from the Fifth Trio Sonata, and the
Concerto No. 1 in G Minor.
University Organist Herbert B.
Nanney will present an all - Bach
program at 4:15 p.m. today in Me
morial Church. Selections will in
clude Prelude and Fugue in F Ma
jor, two Chorale Preludes, Largo
from the Fifth Trio Sonata, and the
Concerto No. 1 in G Minor.
University Organist Herbert B.
Nanney will present an all - Bach
program at 4:15 p.m. today in Me
morial Church. Selections will in
clude Prelude and Fugue in F Ma
jor, two Chorale Preludes, Largo
from the Fifth Trio Sonata, and the
Concerto No. 1 in G Minor.
University Organist Herbert B.
Nanney will present an all - Bach
program at 4:15 p.m. today in Me
morial Church. Selections will in
clude Prelude and Fugue in F Ma
jor, two Chorale Preludes, Largo
from the Fifth Trio Sonata, and the
Concerto No. 1 in G Minor.
University Organist Herbert B.
Nanney will present an all - Bach
program at 4:15 p.m. today in Me
morial Church. Selections will in
clude Prelude and Fugue in F Ma
jor, two Chorale Preludes, Largo
from the Fifth Trio Sonata, and the
Concerto No. 1 in G Minor.
University Organist Herbert B.
Nanney will present an all - Bach
program at 4:15 p.m. today in Me
morial Church. Selections will in
clude Prelude and Fugue in F Ma
jor, two Chorale Preludes, Largo
from the Fifth Trio Sonata, and the
Concerto No. 1 in G Minor.
University Organist Herbert B.
Nanney will present an all - Bach
program at 4:15 p.m. today in Me
morial Church. Selections will in
clude Prelude and Fugue in F Ma
jor, two Chorale Preludes, Largo
from the Fifth Trio Sonata, and the
Concerto No. 1 in G Minor.
