# Professor to Advise At Cal Conference
## 
### 
Professor John E. Nixon of the
Stanford School of Education has
been invited to act as adviser on
problems of recreation at the Uni
versity of California Chancellor's
Committee conference today and to
morrow on the Berkeley campus.
He will be consulting with the
population panel of the Committee
on Education, Training, and Re
search in Problems of Western De
velopment.
Professor John E. Nixon of the
Stanford School of Education has
been invited to act as adviser on
problems of recreation at the Uni
versity of California Chancellor's
Committee conference today and to
morrow on the Berkeley campus.
He will be consulting with the
population panel of the Committee
on Education, Training, and Re
search in Problems of Western De
velopment.
Professor John E. Nixon of the
Stanford School of Education has
been invited to act as adviser on
problems of recreation at the Uni
versity of California Chancellor's
Committee conference today and to
morrow on the Berkeley campus.
He will be consulting with the
population panel of the Committee
on Education, Training, and Re
search in Problems of Western De
velopment.
Professor John E. Nixon of the
Stanford School of Education has
been invited to act as adviser on
problems of recreation at the Uni
versity of California Chancellor's
Committee conference today and to
morrow on the Berkeley campus.
He will be consulting with the
population panel of the Committee
on Education, Training, and Re
search in Problems of Western De
velopment.
Professor John E. Nixon of the
Stanford School of Education has
been invited to act as adviser on
problems of recreation at the Uni
versity of California Chancellor's
Committee conference today and to
morrow on the Berkeley campus.
He will be consulting with the
population panel of the Committee
on Education, Training, and Re
search in Problems of Western De
velopment.
Professor John E. Nixon of the
Stanford School of Education has
been invited to act as adviser on
problems of recreation at the Uni
versity of California Chancellor's
Committee conference today and to
morrow on the Berkeley campus.
He will be consulting with the
population panel of the Committee
on Education, Training, and Re
search in Problems of Western De
velopment.
Professor John E. Nixon of the
Stanford School of Education has
been invited to act as adviser on
problems of recreation at the Uni
versity of California Chancellor's
Committee conference today and to
morrow on the Berkeley campus.
He will be consulting with the
population panel of the Committee
on Education, Training, and Re
search in Problems of Western De
velopment.
Professor John E. Nixon of the
Stanford School of Education has
been invited to act as adviser on
problems of recreation at the Uni
versity of California Chancellor's
Committee conference today and to
morrow on the Berkeley campus.
He will be consulting with the
population panel of the Committee
on Education, Training, and Re
search in Problems of Western De
velopment.
Professor John E. Nixon of the
Stanford School of Education has
been invited to act as adviser on
problems of recreation at the Uni
versity of California Chancellor's
Committee conference today and to
morrow on the Berkeley campus.
He will be consulting with the
population panel of the Committee
on Education, Training, and Re
search in Problems of Western De
velopment.
Professor John E. Nixon of the
Stanford School of Education has
been invited to act as adviser on
problems of recreation at the Uni
versity of California Chancellor's
Committee conference today and to
morrow on the Berkeley campus.
He will be consulting with the
population panel of the Committee
on Education, Training, and Re
search in Problems of Western De
velopment.
Professor John E. Nixon of the
Stanford School of Education has
been invited to act as adviser on
problems of recreation at the Uni
versity of California Chancellor's
Committee conference today and to
morrow on the Berkeley campus.
He will be consulting with the
population panel of the Committee
on Education, Training, and Re
search in Problems of Western De
velopment.
Professor John E. Nixon of the
Stanford School of Education has
been invited to act as adviser on
problems of recreation at the Uni
versity of California Chancellor's
Committee conference today and to
morrow on the Berkeley campus.
He will be consulting with the
population panel of the Committee
on Education, Training, and Re
search in Problems of Western De
velopment.
Professor John E. Nixon of the
Stanford School of Education has
been invited to act as adviser on
problems of recreation at the Uni
versity of California Chancellor's
Committee conference today and to
morrow on the Berkeley campus.
He will be consulting with the
population panel of the Committee
on Education, Training, and Re
search in Problems of Western De
velopment.
Professor John E. Nixon of the
Stanford School of Education has
been invited to act as adviser on
problems of recreation at the Uni
versity of California Chancellor's
Committee conference today and to
morrow on the Berkeley campus.
He will be consulting with the
population panel of the Committee
on Education, Training, and Re
search in Problems of Western De
velopment.
