# Pre-Med Fraternity Will Meet Tonight
## 
### 
Sigma Phi Sigma, Stanford pre
medical and pre-nursing honorary
fraternity, will meet at 7:30 tonight
in the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Dr. Harold C, Sox, assistant clini
cal professor of medicine at Stan
ford, will be the speaker and will
talk on "New Trends in Clinical
Medicine."
All members as well as students
interested in joining the organiza
tion are urged to attend the meet
ing. Quad pictures will also be ta
ken tonight.
Sigma Phi Sigma, Stanford pre
medical and pre-nursing honorary
fraternity, will meet at 7:30 tonight
in the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Dr. Harold C, Sox, assistant clini
cal professor of medicine at Stan
ford, will be the speaker and will
talk on "New Trends in Clinical
Medicine."
All members as well as students
interested in joining the organiza
tion are urged to attend the meet
ing. Quad pictures will also be ta
ken tonight.
Sigma Phi Sigma, Stanford pre
medical and pre-nursing honorary
fraternity, will meet at 7:30 tonight
in the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Dr. Harold C, Sox, assistant clini
cal professor of medicine at Stan
ford, will be the speaker and will
talk on "New Trends in Clinical
Medicine."
All members as well as students
interested in joining the organiza
tion are urged to attend the meet
ing. Quad pictures will also be ta
ken tonight.
Sigma Phi Sigma, Stanford pre
medical and pre-nursing honorary
fraternity, will meet at 7:30 tonight
in the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Dr. Harold C, Sox, assistant clini
cal professor of medicine at Stan
ford, will be the speaker and will
talk on "New Trends in Clinical
Medicine."
All members as well as students
interested in joining the organiza
tion are urged to attend the meet
ing. Quad pictures will also be ta
ken tonight.
Sigma Phi Sigma, Stanford pre
medical and pre-nursing honorary
fraternity, will meet at 7:30 tonight
in the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Dr. Harold C, Sox, assistant clini
cal professor of medicine at Stan
ford, will be the speaker and will
talk on "New Trends in Clinical
Medicine."
All members as well as students
interested in joining the organiza
tion are urged to attend the meet
ing. Quad pictures will also be ta
ken tonight.
Sigma Phi Sigma, Stanford pre
medical and pre-nursing honorary
fraternity, will meet at 7:30 tonight
in the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Dr. Harold C, Sox, assistant clini
cal professor of medicine at Stan
ford, will be the speaker and will
talk on "New Trends in Clinical
Medicine."
All members as well as students
interested in joining the organiza
tion are urged to attend the meet
ing. Quad pictures will also be ta
ken tonight.
Sigma Phi Sigma, Stanford pre
medical and pre-nursing honorary
fraternity, will meet at 7:30 tonight
in the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Dr. Harold C, Sox, assistant clini
cal professor of medicine at Stan
ford, will be the speaker and will
talk on "New Trends in Clinical
Medicine."
All members as well as students
interested in joining the organiza
tion are urged to attend the meet
ing. Quad pictures will also be ta
ken tonight.
Sigma Phi Sigma, Stanford pre
medical and pre-nursing honorary
fraternity, will meet at 7:30 tonight
in the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Dr. Harold C, Sox, assistant clini
cal professor of medicine at Stan
ford, will be the speaker and will
talk on "New Trends in Clinical
Medicine."
All members as well as students
interested in joining the organiza
tion are urged to attend the meet
ing. Quad pictures will also be ta
ken tonight.
Sigma Phi Sigma, Stanford pre
medical and pre-nursing honorary
fraternity, will meet at 7:30 tonight
in the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Dr. Harold C, Sox, assistant clini
cal professor of medicine at Stan
ford, will be the speaker and will
talk on "New Trends in Clinical
Medicine."
All members as well as students
interested in joining the organiza
tion are urged to attend the meet
ing. Quad pictures will also be ta
ken tonight.
Sigma Phi Sigma, Stanford pre
medical and pre-nursing honorary
fraternity, will meet at 7:30 tonight
in the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Dr. Harold C, Sox, assistant clini
cal professor of medicine at Stan
ford, will be the speaker and will
talk on "New Trends in Clinical
Medicine."
All members as well as students
interested in joining the organiza
tion are urged to attend the meet
ing. Quad pictures will also be ta
ken tonight.
Sigma Phi Sigma, Stanford pre
medical and pre-nursing honorary
fraternity, will meet at 7:30 tonight
in the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Dr. Harold C, Sox, assistant clini
cal professor of medicine at Stan
ford, will be the speaker and will
talk on "New Trends in Clinical
Medicine."
All members as well as students
interested in joining the organiza
tion are urged to attend the meet
ing. Quad pictures will also be ta
ken tonight.
Sigma Phi Sigma, Stanford pre
medical and pre-nursing honorary
fraternity, will meet at 7:30 tonight
in the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Dr. Harold C, Sox, assistant clini
cal professor of medicine at Stan
ford, will be the speaker and will
talk on "New Trends in Clinical
Medicine."
All members as well as students
interested in joining the organiza
tion are urged to attend the meet
ing. Quad pictures will also be ta
ken tonight.
Sigma Phi Sigma, Stanford pre
medical and pre-nursing honorary
fraternity, will meet at 7:30 tonight
in the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Dr. Harold C, Sox, assistant clini
cal professor of medicine at Stan
ford, will be the speaker and will
talk on "New Trends in Clinical
Medicine."
All members as well as students
interested in joining the organiza
tion are urged to attend the meet
ing. Quad pictures will also be ta
ken tonight.
Sigma Phi Sigma, Stanford pre
medical and pre-nursing honorary
fraternity, will meet at 7:30 tonight
in the lower lounge of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Dr. Harold C, Sox, assistant clini
cal professor of medicine at Stan
ford, will be the speaker and will
talk on "New Trends in Clinical
Medicine."
All members as well as students
interested in joining the organiza
tion are urged to attend the meet
ing. Quad pictures will also be ta
ken tonight.
