# The 						Stanford Daily SPORTS
## Track Squad Works Out For Relays 
### CHUCK SMITH, Sports Editor 
Pitch Johnson is now racking his i
brain for sonic means of stirring up !
(rouble down at the Fresno Relays
this week-end.
Blackstone Stadium, scene of a
Stanford triumph last year, will
spotlight a great Cal team and and
an almost-great U.S.C. team. Any
stuff about the Bears being beyond
their peak for the West Coast Relays
can be discounted. The other night.
Barnes, Klemmer, Peter, and Reese
each ran a blistering (iSO with the
slowest time being only a shade over
1:18.
Troy is liable to have its own way j
in the sprint relay with Kearns, I
Bourland, Callanan, Skafte, and j
Riekman. On the other hand, that I
remarkable collection of middle- i
distance men at Cal threatens two j
or three marks, including the med- '
ley, mile, and two-mile.
The rout of Stanford's track and
field forces was completed Saturday.
Those Terrible Trojans came out of
the Southland with a vengeance and
scattered our Indians all over the j
Stadium. They tried hard but could
not defeat us as badly as did Cal.
