# Graham Stuart Talks Tonight
## Speaker to Discuss South American Trip 
### 
Returning to the campus after a
two-months trip to South America,
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of po
litical science, will speak for the
Tuesday Evening Series tonight on
"The Good Neighbor Policy" at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the auditorium of
the Memorial Hall.
On his trip to South America Dr.
Stuart was a guest of the Carnegie
Endowment for International Peace.
He was one of 11 men chosen from
throughout, the United States by
Nicholas Murray Butler, president of
the Carnegie Institute and Columbia
University, to visit Latin America
and exchange information and opin
ions with' colleagues there, to in
crease their knowledge of Pan-
American relations, and to bring
back fresh opinions to their pro
fessional work.
Dr. Stuart was granted a special
leave from his academic duties to
make it possible for him to accept
the invitation and to make the trip.
He has gathered much valuable in
formation regarding America's neigh
bors to the South during the past
two months.
He sailed Feb. 28 from New York
and went from there to Santiago
and Valparasio, Chile. The trip was
terminated in Rio de Janeiro after
touring over a large part of South
America. The eleven men were
presented a scheduled itinerary, but
most of them proceeded as they saw
best.
The party consisted of college pro
fessors and deans, several newspa
per editors, and authorities in the
field of international relations.
Returning to the campus after a
two-months trip to South America,
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of po
litical science, will speak for the
Tuesday Evening Series tonight on
"The Good Neighbor Policy" at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the auditorium of
the Memorial Hall.
On his trip to South America Dr.
Stuart was a guest of the Carnegie
Endowment for International Peace.
He was one of 11 men chosen from
throughout, the United States by
Nicholas Murray Butler, president of
the Carnegie Institute and Columbia
University, to visit Latin America
and exchange information and opin
ions with' colleagues there, to in
crease their knowledge of Pan-
American relations, and to bring
back fresh opinions to their pro
fessional work.
Dr. Stuart was granted a special
leave from his academic duties to
make it possible for him to accept
the invitation and to make the trip.
He has gathered much valuable in
formation regarding America's neigh
bors to the South during the past
two months.
He sailed Feb. 28 from New York
and went from there to Santiago
and Valparasio, Chile. The trip was
terminated in Rio de Janeiro after
touring over a large part of South
America. The eleven men were
presented a scheduled itinerary, but
most of them proceeded as they saw
best.
The party consisted of college pro
fessors and deans, several newspa
per editors, and authorities in the
field of international relations.
Returning to the campus after a
two-months trip to South America,
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of po
litical science, will speak for the
Tuesday Evening Series tonight on
"The Good Neighbor Policy" at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the auditorium of
the Memorial Hall.
On his trip to South America Dr.
Stuart was a guest of the Carnegie
Endowment for International Peace.
He was one of 11 men chosen from
throughout, the United States by
Nicholas Murray Butler, president of
the Carnegie Institute and Columbia
University, to visit Latin America
and exchange information and opin
ions with' colleagues there, to in
crease their knowledge of Pan-
American relations, and to bring
back fresh opinions to their pro
fessional work.
Dr. Stuart was granted a special
leave from his academic duties to
make it possible for him to accept
the invitation and to make the trip.
He has gathered much valuable in
formation regarding America's neigh
bors to the South during the past
two months.
He sailed Feb. 28 from New York
and went from there to Santiago
and Valparasio, Chile. The trip was
terminated in Rio de Janeiro after
touring over a large part of South
America. The eleven men were
presented a scheduled itinerary, but
most of them proceeded as they saw
best.
The party consisted of college pro
fessors and deans, several newspa
per editors, and authorities in the
field of international relations.
Returning to the campus after a
two-months trip to South America,
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of po
litical science, will speak for the
Tuesday Evening Series tonight on
"The Good Neighbor Policy" at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the auditorium of
the Memorial Hall.
On his trip to South America Dr.
Stuart was a guest of the Carnegie
Endowment for International Peace.
He was one of 11 men chosen from
throughout, the United States by
Nicholas Murray Butler, president of
the Carnegie Institute and Columbia
University, to visit Latin America
and exchange information and opin
ions with' colleagues there, to in
crease their knowledge of Pan-
American relations, and to bring
back fresh opinions to their pro
fessional work.
Dr. Stuart was granted a special
leave from his academic duties to
make it possible for him to accept
the invitation and to make the trip.
He has gathered much valuable in
formation regarding America's neigh
bors to the South during the past
two months.
He sailed Feb. 28 from New York
and went from there to Santiago
and Valparasio, Chile. The trip was
terminated in Rio de Janeiro after
touring over a large part of South
America. The eleven men were
presented a scheduled itinerary, but
most of them proceeded as they saw
best.
The party consisted of college pro
fessors and deans, several newspa
per editors, and authorities in the
field of international relations.
Returning to the campus after a
two-months trip to South America,
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of po
litical science, will speak for the
Tuesday Evening Series tonight on
"The Good Neighbor Policy" at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the auditorium of
the Memorial Hall.
On his trip to South America Dr.
Stuart was a guest of the Carnegie
Endowment for International Peace.
He was one of 11 men chosen from
throughout, the United States by
Nicholas Murray Butler, president of
the Carnegie Institute and Columbia
University, to visit Latin America
and exchange information and opin
ions with' colleagues there, to in
crease their knowledge of Pan-
American relations, and to bring
back fresh opinions to their pro
fessional work.
Dr. Stuart was granted a special
leave from his academic duties to
make it possible for him to accept
the invitation and to make the trip.
He has gathered much valuable in
formation regarding America's neigh
bors to the South during the past
two months.
He sailed Feb. 28 from New York
and went from there to Santiago
and Valparasio, Chile. The trip was
terminated in Rio de Janeiro after
touring over a large part of South
America. The eleven men were
presented a scheduled itinerary, but
most of them proceeded as they saw
best.
The party consisted of college pro
fessors and deans, several newspa
per editors, and authorities in the
field of international relations.
Returning to the campus after a
two-months trip to South America,
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of po
litical science, will speak for the
Tuesday Evening Series tonight on
"The Good Neighbor Policy" at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the auditorium of
the Memorial Hall.
On his trip to South America Dr.
Stuart was a guest of the Carnegie
Endowment for International Peace.
He was one of 11 men chosen from
throughout, the United States by
Nicholas Murray Butler, president of
the Carnegie Institute and Columbia
University, to visit Latin America
and exchange information and opin
ions with' colleagues there, to in
crease their knowledge of Pan-
American relations, and to bring
back fresh opinions to their pro
fessional work.
Dr. Stuart was granted a special
leave from his academic duties to
make it possible for him to accept
the invitation and to make the trip.
He has gathered much valuable in
formation regarding America's neigh
bors to the South during the past
two months.
He sailed Feb. 28 from New York
and went from there to Santiago
and Valparasio, Chile. The trip was
terminated in Rio de Janeiro after
touring over a large part of South
America. The eleven men were
presented a scheduled itinerary, but
most of them proceeded as they saw
best.
The party consisted of college pro
fessors and deans, several newspa
per editors, and authorities in the
field of international relations.
Returning to the campus after a
two-months trip to South America,
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of po
litical science, will speak for the
Tuesday Evening Series tonight on
"The Good Neighbor Policy" at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the auditorium of
the Memorial Hall.
On his trip to South America Dr.
Stuart was a guest of the Carnegie
Endowment for International Peace.
He was one of 11 men chosen from
throughout, the United States by
Nicholas Murray Butler, president of
the Carnegie Institute and Columbia
University, to visit Latin America
and exchange information and opin
ions with' colleagues there, to in
crease their knowledge of Pan-
American relations, and to bring
back fresh opinions to their pro
fessional work.
Dr. Stuart was granted a special
leave from his academic duties to
make it possible for him to accept
the invitation and to make the trip.
He has gathered much valuable in
formation regarding America's neigh
bors to the South during the past
two months.
He sailed Feb. 28 from New York
and went from there to Santiago
and Valparasio, Chile. The trip was
terminated in Rio de Janeiro after
touring over a large part of South
America. The eleven men were
presented a scheduled itinerary, but
most of them proceeded as they saw
best.
The party consisted of college pro
fessors and deans, several newspa
per editors, and authorities in the
field of international relations.
Returning to the campus after a
two-months trip to South America,
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of po
litical science, will speak for the
Tuesday Evening Series tonight on
"The Good Neighbor Policy" at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the auditorium of
the Memorial Hall.
On his trip to South America Dr.
Stuart was a guest of the Carnegie
Endowment for International Peace.
He was one of 11 men chosen from
throughout, the United States by
Nicholas Murray Butler, president of
the Carnegie Institute and Columbia
University, to visit Latin America
and exchange information and opin
ions with' colleagues there, to in
crease their knowledge of Pan-
American relations, and to bring
back fresh opinions to their pro
fessional work.
Dr. Stuart was granted a special
leave from his academic duties to
make it possible for him to accept
the invitation and to make the trip.
He has gathered much valuable in
formation regarding America's neigh
bors to the South during the past
two months.
He sailed Feb. 28 from New York
and went from there to Santiago
and Valparasio, Chile. The trip was
terminated in Rio de Janeiro after
touring over a large part of South
America. The eleven men were
presented a scheduled itinerary, but
most of them proceeded as they saw
best.
The party consisted of college pro
fessors and deans, several newspa
per editors, and authorities in the
field of international relations.
Returning to the campus after a
two-months trip to South America,
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of po
litical science, will speak for the
Tuesday Evening Series tonight on
"The Good Neighbor Policy" at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the auditorium of
the Memorial Hall.
On his trip to South America Dr.
Stuart was a guest of the Carnegie
Endowment for International Peace.
He was one of 11 men chosen from
throughout, the United States by
Nicholas Murray Butler, president of
the Carnegie Institute and Columbia
University, to visit Latin America
and exchange information and opin
ions with' colleagues there, to in
crease their knowledge of Pan-
American relations, and to bring
back fresh opinions to their pro
fessional work.
Dr. Stuart was granted a special
leave from his academic duties to
make it possible for him to accept
the invitation and to make the trip.
He has gathered much valuable in
formation regarding America's neigh
bors to the South during the past
two months.
He sailed Feb. 28 from New York
and went from there to Santiago
and Valparasio, Chile. The trip was
terminated in Rio de Janeiro after
touring over a large part of South
America. The eleven men were
presented a scheduled itinerary, but
most of them proceeded as they saw
best.
The party consisted of college pro
fessors and deans, several newspa
per editors, and authorities in the
field of international relations.
Returning to the campus after a
two-months trip to South America,
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of po
litical science, will speak for the
Tuesday Evening Series tonight on
"The Good Neighbor Policy" at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the auditorium of
the Memorial Hall.
On his trip to South America Dr.
Stuart was a guest of the Carnegie
Endowment for International Peace.
He was one of 11 men chosen from
throughout, the United States by
Nicholas Murray Butler, president of
the Carnegie Institute and Columbia
University, to visit Latin America
and exchange information and opin
ions with' colleagues there, to in
crease their knowledge of Pan-
American relations, and to bring
back fresh opinions to their pro
fessional work.
Dr. Stuart was granted a special
leave from his academic duties to
make it possible for him to accept
the invitation and to make the trip.
He has gathered much valuable in
formation regarding America's neigh
bors to the South during the past
two months.
He sailed Feb. 28 from New York
and went from there to Santiago
and Valparasio, Chile. The trip was
terminated in Rio de Janeiro after
touring over a large part of South
America. The eleven men were
presented a scheduled itinerary, but
most of them proceeded as they saw
best.
The party consisted of college pro
fessors and deans, several newspa
per editors, and authorities in the
field of international relations.
Returning to the campus after a
two-months trip to South America,
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of po
litical science, will speak for the
Tuesday Evening Series tonight on
"The Good Neighbor Policy" at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the auditorium of
the Memorial Hall.
On his trip to South America Dr.
Stuart was a guest of the Carnegie
Endowment for International Peace.
He was one of 11 men chosen from
throughout, the United States by
Nicholas Murray Butler, president of
the Carnegie Institute and Columbia
University, to visit Latin America
and exchange information and opin
ions with' colleagues there, to in
crease their knowledge of Pan-
American relations, and to bring
back fresh opinions to their pro
fessional work.
Dr. Stuart was granted a special
leave from his academic duties to
make it possible for him to accept
the invitation and to make the trip.
He has gathered much valuable in
formation regarding America's neigh
bors to the South during the past
two months.
He sailed Feb. 28 from New York
and went from there to Santiago
and Valparasio, Chile. The trip was
terminated in Rio de Janeiro after
touring over a large part of South
America. The eleven men were
presented a scheduled itinerary, but
most of them proceeded as they saw
best.
The party consisted of college pro
fessors and deans, several newspa
per editors, and authorities in the
field of international relations.
Returning to the campus after a
two-months trip to South America,
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of po
litical science, will speak for the
Tuesday Evening Series tonight on
"The Good Neighbor Policy" at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the auditorium of
the Memorial Hall.
On his trip to South America Dr.
Stuart was a guest of the Carnegie
Endowment for International Peace.
He was one of 11 men chosen from
throughout, the United States by
Nicholas Murray Butler, president of
the Carnegie Institute and Columbia
University, to visit Latin America
and exchange information and opin
ions with' colleagues there, to in
crease their knowledge of Pan-
American relations, and to bring
back fresh opinions to their pro
fessional work.
Dr. Stuart was granted a special
leave from his academic duties to
make it possible for him to accept
the invitation and to make the trip.
He has gathered much valuable in
formation regarding America's neigh
bors to the South during the past
two months.
He sailed Feb. 28 from New York
and went from there to Santiago
and Valparasio, Chile. The trip was
terminated in Rio de Janeiro after
touring over a large part of South
America. The eleven men were
presented a scheduled itinerary, but
most of them proceeded as they saw
best.
The party consisted of college pro
fessors and deans, several newspa
per editors, and authorities in the
field of international relations.
Returning to the campus after a
two-months trip to South America,
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of po
litical science, will speak for the
Tuesday Evening Series tonight on
"The Good Neighbor Policy" at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the auditorium of
the Memorial Hall.
On his trip to South America Dr.
Stuart was a guest of the Carnegie
Endowment for International Peace.
He was one of 11 men chosen from
throughout, the United States by
Nicholas Murray Butler, president of
the Carnegie Institute and Columbia
University, to visit Latin America
and exchange information and opin
ions with' colleagues there, to in
crease their knowledge of Pan-
American relations, and to bring
back fresh opinions to their pro
fessional work.
Dr. Stuart was granted a special
leave from his academic duties to
make it possible for him to accept
the invitation and to make the trip.
He has gathered much valuable in
formation regarding America's neigh
bors to the South during the past
two months.
He sailed Feb. 28 from New York
and went from there to Santiago
and Valparasio, Chile. The trip was
terminated in Rio de Janeiro after
touring over a large part of South
America. The eleven men were
presented a scheduled itinerary, but
most of them proceeded as they saw
best.
The party consisted of college pro
fessors and deans, several newspa
per editors, and authorities in the
field of international relations.
Returning to the campus after a
two-months trip to South America,
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of po
litical science, will speak for the
Tuesday Evening Series tonight on
"The Good Neighbor Policy" at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the auditorium of
the Memorial Hall.
On his trip to South America Dr.
Stuart was a guest of the Carnegie
Endowment for International Peace.
He was one of 11 men chosen from
throughout, the United States by
Nicholas Murray Butler, president of
the Carnegie Institute and Columbia
University, to visit Latin America
and exchange information and opin
ions with' colleagues there, to in
crease their knowledge of Pan-
American relations, and to bring
back fresh opinions to their pro
fessional work.
Dr. Stuart was granted a special
leave from his academic duties to
make it possible for him to accept
the invitation and to make the trip.
He has gathered much valuable in
formation regarding America's neigh
bors to the South during the past
two months.
He sailed Feb. 28 from New York
and went from there to Santiago
and Valparasio, Chile. The trip was
terminated in Rio de Janeiro after
touring over a large part of South
America. The eleven men were
presented a scheduled itinerary, but
most of them proceeded as they saw
best.
The party consisted of college pro
fessors and deans, several newspa
per editors, and authorities in the
field of international relations.
Returning to the campus after a
two-months trip to South America,
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of po
litical science, will speak for the
Tuesday Evening Series tonight on
"The Good Neighbor Policy" at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the auditorium of
the Memorial Hall.
On his trip to South America Dr.
Stuart was a guest of the Carnegie
Endowment for International Peace.
He was one of 11 men chosen from
throughout, the United States by
Nicholas Murray Butler, president of
the Carnegie Institute and Columbia
University, to visit Latin America
and exchange information and opin
ions with' colleagues there, to in
crease their knowledge of Pan-
American relations, and to bring
back fresh opinions to their pro
fessional work.
Dr. Stuart was granted a special
leave from his academic duties to
make it possible for him to accept
the invitation and to make the trip.
He has gathered much valuable in
formation regarding America's neigh
bors to the South during the past
two months.
He sailed Feb. 28 from New York
and went from there to Santiago
and Valparasio, Chile. The trip was
terminated in Rio de Janeiro after
touring over a large part of South
America. The eleven men were
presented a scheduled itinerary, but
most of them proceeded as they saw
best.
The party consisted of college pro
fessors and deans, several newspa
per editors, and authorities in the
field of international relations.
Returning to the campus after a
two-months trip to South America,
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of po
litical science, will speak for the
Tuesday Evening Series tonight on
"The Good Neighbor Policy" at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the auditorium of
the Memorial Hall.
On his trip to South America Dr.
Stuart was a guest of the Carnegie
Endowment for International Peace.
He was one of 11 men chosen from
throughout, the United States by
Nicholas Murray Butler, president of
the Carnegie Institute and Columbia
University, to visit Latin America
and exchange information and opin
ions with' colleagues there, to in
crease their knowledge of Pan-
American relations, and to bring
back fresh opinions to their pro
fessional work.
Dr. Stuart was granted a special
leave from his academic duties to
make it possible for him to accept
the invitation and to make the trip.
He has gathered much valuable in
formation regarding America's neigh
bors to the South during the past
two months.
He sailed Feb. 28 from New York
and went from there to Santiago
and Valparasio, Chile. The trip was
terminated in Rio de Janeiro after
touring over a large part of South
America. The eleven men were
presented a scheduled itinerary, but
most of them proceeded as they saw
best.
The party consisted of college pro
fessors and deans, several newspa
per editors, and authorities in the
field of international relations.
Returning to the campus after a
two-months trip to South America,
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of po
litical science, will speak for the
Tuesday Evening Series tonight on
"The Good Neighbor Policy" at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the auditorium of
the Memorial Hall.
On his trip to South America Dr.
Stuart was a guest of the Carnegie
Endowment for International Peace.
He was one of 11 men chosen from
throughout, the United States by
Nicholas Murray Butler, president of
the Carnegie Institute and Columbia
University, to visit Latin America
and exchange information and opin
ions with' colleagues there, to in
crease their knowledge of Pan-
American relations, and to bring
back fresh opinions to their pro
fessional work.
Dr. Stuart was granted a special
leave from his academic duties to
make it possible for him to accept
the invitation and to make the trip.
He has gathered much valuable in
formation regarding America's neigh
bors to the South during the past
two months.
He sailed Feb. 28 from New York
and went from there to Santiago
and Valparasio, Chile. The trip was
terminated in Rio de Janeiro after
touring over a large part of South
America. The eleven men were
presented a scheduled itinerary, but
most of them proceeded as they saw
best.
The party consisted of college pro
fessors and deans, several newspa
per editors, and authorities in the
field of international relations.
Returning to the campus after a
two-months trip to South America,
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of po
litical science, will speak for the
Tuesday Evening Series tonight on
"The Good Neighbor Policy" at 7:30
o'clock tonight in the auditorium of
the Memorial Hall.
On his trip to South America Dr.
Stuart was a guest of the Carnegie
Endowment for International Peace.
He was one of 11 men chosen from
throughout, the United States by
Nicholas Murray Butler, president of
the Carnegie Institute and Columbia
University, to visit Latin America
and exchange information and opin
ions with' colleagues there, to in
crease their knowledge of Pan-
American relations, and to bring
back fresh opinions to their pro
fessional work.
Dr. Stuart was granted a special
leave from his academic duties to
make it possible for him to accept
the invitation and to make the trip.
He has gathered much valuable in
formation regarding America's neigh
bors to the South during the past
two months.
He sailed Feb. 28 from New York
and went from there to Santiago
and Valparasio, Chile. The trip was
terminated in Rio de Janeiro after
touring over a large part of South
America. The eleven men were
presented a scheduled itinerary, but
most of them proceeded as they saw
best.
The party consisted of college pro
fessors and deans, several newspa
per editors, and authorities in the
field of international relations.
