# REBATE SLIPS DUE
## 
### 
All rebate slips must be turned in
at the Bookstore by this Thursday,
May 15. Students who fail to get
their slips in to the office by this
date will not receive their share of
the rebate. Rebates may be assigned
to the Student Aid by writing Stu
dent Aid Commission on each slip.
All rebate slips must be turned in
at the Bookstore by this Thursday,
May 15. Students who fail to get
their slips in to the office by this
date will not receive their share of
the rebate. Rebates may be assigned
to the Student Aid by writing Stu
dent Aid Commission on each slip.
All rebate slips must be turned in
at the Bookstore by this Thursday,
May 15. Students who fail to get
their slips in to the office by this
date will not receive their share of
the rebate. Rebates may be assigned
to the Student Aid by writing Stu
dent Aid Commission on each slip.
All rebate slips must be turned in
at the Bookstore by this Thursday,
May 15. Students who fail to get
their slips in to the office by this
date will not receive their share of
the rebate. Rebates may be assigned
to the Student Aid by writing Stu
dent Aid Commission on each slip.
All rebate slips must be turned in
at the Bookstore by this Thursday,
May 15. Students who fail to get
their slips in to the office by this
date will not receive their share of
the rebate. Rebates may be assigned
to the Student Aid by writing Stu
dent Aid Commission on each slip.
All rebate slips must be turned in
at the Bookstore by this Thursday,
May 15. Students who fail to get
their slips in to the office by this
date will not receive their share of
the rebate. Rebates may be assigned
to the Student Aid by writing Stu
dent Aid Commission on each slip.
All rebate slips must be turned in
at the Bookstore by this Thursday,
May 15. Students who fail to get
their slips in to the office by this
date will not receive their share of
the rebate. Rebates may be assigned
to the Student Aid by writing Stu
dent Aid Commission on each slip.
All rebate slips must be turned in
at the Bookstore by this Thursday,
May 15. Students who fail to get
their slips in to the office by this
date will not receive their share of
the rebate. Rebates may be assigned
to the Student Aid by writing Stu
dent Aid Commission on each slip.
All rebate slips must be turned in
at the Bookstore by this Thursday,
May 15. Students who fail to get
their slips in to the office by this
date will not receive their share of
the rebate. Rebates may be assigned
to the Student Aid by writing Stu
dent Aid Commission on each slip.
All rebate slips must be turned in
at the Bookstore by this Thursday,
May 15. Students who fail to get
their slips in to the office by this
date will not receive their share of
the rebate. Rebates may be assigned
to the Student Aid by writing Stu
dent Aid Commission on each slip.
All rebate slips must be turned in
at the Bookstore by this Thursday,
May 15. Students who fail to get
their slips in to the office by this
date will not receive their share of
the rebate. Rebates may be assigned
to the Student Aid by writing Stu
dent Aid Commission on each slip.
All rebate slips must be turned in
at the Bookstore by this Thursday,
May 15. Students who fail to get
their slips in to the office by this
date will not receive their share of
the rebate. Rebates may be assigned
to the Student Aid by writing Stu
dent Aid Commission on each slip.
All rebate slips must be turned in
at the Bookstore by this Thursday,
May 15. Students who fail to get
their slips in to the office by this
date will not receive their share of
the rebate. Rebates may be assigned
to the Student Aid by writing Stu
dent Aid Commission on each slip.
All rebate slips must be turned in
at the Bookstore by this Thursday,
May 15. Students who fail to get
their slips in to the office by this
date will not receive their share of
the rebate. Rebates may be assigned
to the Student Aid by writing Stu
dent Aid Commission on each slip.
All rebate slips must be turned in
at the Bookstore by this Thursday,
May 15. Students who fail to get
their slips in to the office by this
date will not receive their share of
the rebate. Rebates may be assigned
to the Student Aid by writing Stu
dent Aid Commission on each slip.
All rebate slips must be turned in
at the Bookstore by this Thursday,
May 15. Students who fail to get
their slips in to the office by this
date will not receive their share of
the rebate. Rebates may be assigned
to the Student Aid by writing Stu
dent Aid Commission on each slip.
All rebate slips must be turned in
at the Bookstore by this Thursday,
May 15. Students who fail to get
their slips in to the office by this
date will not receive their share of
the rebate. Rebates may be assigned
to the Student Aid by writing Stu
dent Aid Commission on each slip.
All rebate slips must be turned in
at the Bookstore by this Thursday,
May 15. Students who fail to get
their slips in to the office by this
date will not receive their share of
the rebate. Rebates may be assigned
to the Student Aid by writing Stu
dent Aid Commission on each slip.
