# New Vaccine For Mumps At Cowell
## 
### 
Stanford's Cowell Health Ser
vice has announced that a new
mumps vaccine is available but
will not be recommended for all
students.
Dr. James McClenahan, the
service's acting director, and Dr.
Stanley Betts, its head of immu
nization, said in a memorandum,
"The vaccine has been studied
for only two years, and no one
knows its long term effects."
The doctors admitted that
"there is good evidence" for be
lieving the vaccine will prevent
mumps.
The vaccine will be available
through the Health Service on
an individual basis to students
who believe they should be im
munized. But the students will
be interviewed by one of the
health service doctors before he
is vaccinated.
The doctors said they had con
sulted "several leading authori
ties" in the University and de
cided that a campus-wide immu
nization program for all who
have not had mumps would be
undesirable at this time.
Stanford's Cowell Health Ser
vice has announced that a new
mumps vaccine is available but
will not be recommended for all
students.
Dr. James McClenahan, the
service's acting director, and Dr.
Stanley Betts, its head of immu
nization, said in a memorandum,
"The vaccine has been studied
for only two years, and no one
knows its long term effects."
The doctors admitted that
"there is good evidence" for be
lieving the vaccine will prevent
mumps.
The vaccine will be available
through the Health Service on
an individual basis to students
who believe they should be im
munized. But the students will
be interviewed by one of the
health service doctors before he
is vaccinated.
The doctors said they had con
sulted "several leading authori
ties" in the University and de
cided that a campus-wide immu
nization program for all who
have not had mumps would be
undesirable at this time.
Stanford's Cowell Health Ser
vice has announced that a new
mumps vaccine is available but
will not be recommended for all
students.
Dr. James McClenahan, the
service's acting director, and Dr.
Stanley Betts, its head of immu
nization, said in a memorandum,
"The vaccine has been studied
for only two years, and no one
knows its long term effects."
The doctors admitted that
"there is good evidence" for be
lieving the vaccine will prevent
mumps.
The vaccine will be available
through the Health Service on
an individual basis to students
who believe they should be im
munized. But the students will
be interviewed by one of the
health service doctors before he
is vaccinated.
The doctors said they had con
sulted "several leading authori
ties" in the University and de
cided that a campus-wide immu
nization program for all who
have not had mumps would be
undesirable at this time.
Stanford's Cowell Health Ser
vice has announced that a new
mumps vaccine is available but
will not be recommended for all
students.
Dr. James McClenahan, the
service's acting director, and Dr.
Stanley Betts, its head of immu
nization, said in a memorandum,
"The vaccine has been studied
for only two years, and no one
knows its long term effects."
The doctors admitted that
"there is good evidence" for be
lieving the vaccine will prevent
mumps.
The vaccine will be available
through the Health Service on
an individual basis to students
who believe they should be im
munized. But the students will
be interviewed by one of the
health service doctors before he
is vaccinated.
The doctors said they had con
sulted "several leading authori
ties" in the University and de
cided that a campus-wide immu
nization program for all who
have not had mumps would be
undesirable at this time.
Stanford's Cowell Health Ser
vice has announced that a new
mumps vaccine is available but
will not be recommended for all
students.
Dr. James McClenahan, the
service's acting director, and Dr.
Stanley Betts, its head of immu
nization, said in a memorandum,
"The vaccine has been studied
for only two years, and no one
knows its long term effects."
The doctors admitted that
"there is good evidence" for be
lieving the vaccine will prevent
mumps.
The vaccine will be available
through the Health Service on
an individual basis to students
who believe they should be im
munized. But the students will
be interviewed by one of the
health service doctors before he
is vaccinated.
The doctors said they had con
sulted "several leading authori
ties" in the University and de
cided that a campus-wide immu
nization program for all who
have not had mumps would be
undesirable at this time.
Stanford's Cowell Health Ser
vice has announced that a new
mumps vaccine is available but
will not be recommended for all
students.
Dr. James McClenahan, the
service's acting director, and Dr.
Stanley Betts, its head of immu
nization, said in a memorandum,
"The vaccine has been studied
for only two years, and no one
knows its long term effects."
The doctors admitted that
"there is good evidence" for be
lieving the vaccine will prevent
mumps.
The vaccine will be available
through the Health Service on
an individual basis to students
who believe they should be im
munized. But the students will
be interviewed by one of the
health service doctors before he
is vaccinated.
The doctors said they had con
sulted "several leading authori
ties" in the University and de
cided that a campus-wide immu
nization program for all who
have not had mumps would be
undesirable at this time.
Stanford's Cowell Health Ser
vice has announced that a new
mumps vaccine is available but
will not be recommended for all
students.
Dr. James McClenahan, the
service's acting director, and Dr.
Stanley Betts, its head of immu
nization, said in a memorandum,
"The vaccine has been studied
for only two years, and no one
knows its long term effects."
The doctors admitted that
"there is good evidence" for be
lieving the vaccine will prevent
mumps.
The vaccine will be available
through the Health Service on
an individual basis to students
who believe they should be im
munized. But the students will
be interviewed by one of the
health service doctors before he
is vaccinated.
The doctors said they had con
sulted "several leading authori
ties" in the University and de
cided that a campus-wide immu
nization program for all who
have not had mumps would be
undesirable at this time.
Stanford's Cowell Health Ser
vice has announced that a new
mumps vaccine is available but
will not be recommended for all
students.
Dr. James McClenahan, the
service's acting director, and Dr.
Stanley Betts, its head of immu
nization, said in a memorandum,
"The vaccine has been studied
for only two years, and no one
knows its long term effects."
The doctors admitted that
"there is good evidence" for be
lieving the vaccine will prevent
mumps.
The vaccine will be available
through the Health Service on
an individual basis to students
who believe they should be im
munized. But the students will
be interviewed by one of the
health service doctors before he
is vaccinated.
The doctors said they had con
sulted "several leading authori
ties" in the University and de
cided that a campus-wide immu
nization program for all who
have not had mumps would be
undesirable at this time.
Stanford's Cowell Health Ser
vice has announced that a new
mumps vaccine is available but
will not be recommended for all
students.
Dr. James McClenahan, the
service's acting director, and Dr.
Stanley Betts, its head of immu
nization, said in a memorandum,
"The vaccine has been studied
for only two years, and no one
knows its long term effects."
The doctors admitted that
"there is good evidence" for be
lieving the vaccine will prevent
mumps.
The vaccine will be available
through the Health Service on
an individual basis to students
who believe they should be im
munized. But the students will
be interviewed by one of the
health service doctors before he
is vaccinated.
The doctors said they had con
sulted "several leading authori
ties" in the University and de
cided that a campus-wide immu
nization program for all who
have not had mumps would be
undesirable at this time.
Stanford's Cowell Health Ser
vice has announced that a new
mumps vaccine is available but
will not be recommended for all
students.
Dr. James McClenahan, the
service's acting director, and Dr.
Stanley Betts, its head of immu
nization, said in a memorandum,
"The vaccine has been studied
for only two years, and no one
knows its long term effects."
The doctors admitted that
"there is good evidence" for be
lieving the vaccine will prevent
mumps.
The vaccine will be available
through the Health Service on
an individual basis to students
who believe they should be im
munized. But the students will
be interviewed by one of the
health service doctors before he
is vaccinated.
The doctors said they had con
sulted "several leading authori
ties" in the University and de
cided that a campus-wide immu
nization program for all who
have not had mumps would be
undesirable at this time.
Stanford's Cowell Health Ser
vice has announced that a new
mumps vaccine is available but
will not be recommended for all
students.
Dr. James McClenahan, the
service's acting director, and Dr.
Stanley Betts, its head of immu
nization, said in a memorandum,
"The vaccine has been studied
for only two years, and no one
knows its long term effects."
The doctors admitted that
"there is good evidence" for be
lieving the vaccine will prevent
mumps.
The vaccine will be available
through the Health Service on
an individual basis to students
who believe they should be im
munized. But the students will
be interviewed by one of the
health service doctors before he
is vaccinated.
The doctors said they had con
sulted "several leading authori
ties" in the University and de
cided that a campus-wide immu
nization program for all who
have not had mumps would be
undesirable at this time.
Stanford's Cowell Health Ser
vice has announced that a new
mumps vaccine is available but
will not be recommended for all
students.
Dr. James McClenahan, the
service's acting director, and Dr.
Stanley Betts, its head of immu
nization, said in a memorandum,
"The vaccine has been studied
for only two years, and no one
knows its long term effects."
The doctors admitted that
"there is good evidence" for be
lieving the vaccine will prevent
mumps.
The vaccine will be available
through the Health Service on
an individual basis to students
who believe they should be im
munized. But the students will
be interviewed by one of the
health service doctors before he
is vaccinated.
The doctors said they had con
sulted "several leading authori
ties" in the University and de
cided that a campus-wide immu
nization program for all who
have not had mumps would be
undesirable at this time.
Stanford's Cowell Health Ser
vice has announced that a new
mumps vaccine is available but
will not be recommended for all
students.
Dr. James McClenahan, the
service's acting director, and Dr.
Stanley Betts, its head of immu
nization, said in a memorandum,
"The vaccine has been studied
for only two years, and no one
knows its long term effects."
The doctors admitted that
"there is good evidence" for be
lieving the vaccine will prevent
mumps.
The vaccine will be available
through the Health Service on
an individual basis to students
who believe they should be im
munized. But the students will
be interviewed by one of the
health service doctors before he
is vaccinated.
The doctors said they had con
sulted "several leading authori
ties" in the University and de
cided that a campus-wide immu
nization program for all who
have not had mumps would be
undesirable at this time.
Stanford's Cowell Health Ser
vice has announced that a new
mumps vaccine is available but
will not be recommended for all
students.
Dr. James McClenahan, the
service's acting director, and Dr.
Stanley Betts, its head of immu
nization, said in a memorandum,
"The vaccine has been studied
for only two years, and no one
knows its long term effects."
The doctors admitted that
"there is good evidence" for be
lieving the vaccine will prevent
mumps.
The vaccine will be available
through the Health Service on
an individual basis to students
who believe they should be im
munized. But the students will
be interviewed by one of the
health service doctors before he
is vaccinated.
The doctors said they had con
sulted "several leading authori
ties" in the University and de
cided that a campus-wide immu
nization program for all who
have not had mumps would be
undesirable at this time.
Stanford's Cowell Health Ser
vice has announced that a new
mumps vaccine is available but
will not be recommended for all
students.
Dr. James McClenahan, the
service's acting director, and Dr.
Stanley Betts, its head of immu
nization, said in a memorandum,
"The vaccine has been studied
for only two years, and no one
knows its long term effects."
The doctors admitted that
"there is good evidence" for be
lieving the vaccine will prevent
mumps.
The vaccine will be available
through the Health Service on
an individual basis to students
who believe they should be im
munized. But the students will
be interviewed by one of the
health service doctors before he
is vaccinated.
The doctors said they had con
sulted "several leading authori
ties" in the University and de
cided that a campus-wide immu
nization program for all who
have not had mumps would be
undesirable at this time.
