# WEATHER
## 
### 
Continued warm temperatures
today with highs in the 70's.
Continued warm temperatures
today with highs in the 70's.
Continued warm temperatures
today with highs in the 70's.
Continued warm temperatures
today with highs in the 70's.
Continued warm temperatures
today with highs in the 70's.
Continued warm temperatures
today with highs in the 70's.
Continued warm temperatures
today with highs in the 70's.
Continued warm temperatures
today with highs in the 70's.
Continued warm temperatures
today with highs in the 70's.
Continued warm temperatures
today with highs in the 70's.
Continued warm temperatures
today with highs in the 70's.
Continued warm temperatures
today with highs in the 70's.
Continued warm temperatures
today with highs in the 70's.
Continued warm temperatures
today with highs in the 70's.
Continued warm temperatures
today with highs in the 70's.
