# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Rollins College in Florida abolished
the hour period for classwork and sub
stituted .1 two-hour lecture period.
Rollins College in Florida abolished
the hour period for classwork and sub
stituted .1 two-hour lecture period.
Rollins College in Florida abolished
the hour period for classwork and sub
stituted .1 two-hour lecture period.
Rollins College in Florida abolished
the hour period for classwork and sub
stituted .1 two-hour lecture period.
Rollins College in Florida abolished
the hour period for classwork and sub
stituted .1 two-hour lecture period.
Rollins College in Florida abolished
the hour period for classwork and sub
stituted .1 two-hour lecture period.
Rollins College in Florida abolished
the hour period for classwork and sub
stituted .1 two-hour lecture period.
Rollins College in Florida abolished
the hour period for classwork and sub
stituted .1 two-hour lecture period.
Rollins College in Florida abolished
the hour period for classwork and sub
stituted .1 two-hour lecture period.
Rollins College in Florida abolished
the hour period for classwork and sub
stituted .1 two-hour lecture period.
Rollins College in Florida abolished
the hour period for classwork and sub
stituted .1 two-hour lecture period.
Rollins College in Florida abolished
the hour period for classwork and sub
stituted .1 two-hour lecture period.
Rollins College in Florida abolished
the hour period for classwork and sub
stituted .1 two-hour lecture period.
Rollins College in Florida abolished
the hour period for classwork and sub
stituted .1 two-hour lecture period.
Rollins College in Florida abolished
the hour period for classwork and sub
stituted .1 two-hour lecture period.
