# AMERICAN FOOTBALL DECLARED "BORE" BY REVEREND INGRAM
## 
### 
"American football is a deadly
bore, in the first place, and fur
thermore, you can't play football
very much after you leave col
lege," remarked the Right Rever
end Arthur Foley Winnington-
Ingram, Lord Bishop of London,
while on the Princeton campus
last Tuesday, according to the
Daily Princetonian. Bishop In
gram spoke in the Memorial
Church. .
"Why, I played rugby for forty
years. That's a game with ex
citement. Why, you can't take
your eyes off the game a minute.
I have seen three games of
American football and wasn't
thrilled once; American football
is just an eternal 'scrum'."
The Lord Bishop declared that
the huddle system was unsatis
factory, saying: "I can't under
stand what they are talking about
all the time. I suppose they are
cooking up some plan or other,
but that makes the game slower."
"American football is a deadly
bore, in the first place, and fur
thermore, you can't play football
very much after you leave col
lege," remarked the Right Rever
end Arthur Foley Winnington-
Ingram, Lord Bishop of London,
while on the Princeton campus
last Tuesday, according to the
Daily Princetonian. Bishop In
gram spoke in the Memorial
Church. .
"Why, I played rugby for forty
years. That's a game with ex
citement. Why, you can't take
your eyes off the game a minute.
I have seen three games of
American football and wasn't
thrilled once; American football
is just an eternal 'scrum'."
The Lord Bishop declared that
the huddle system was unsatis
factory, saying: "I can't under
stand what they are talking about
all the time. I suppose they are
cooking up some plan or other,
but that makes the game slower."
"American football is a deadly
bore, in the first place, and fur
thermore, you can't play football
very much after you leave col
lege," remarked the Right Rever
end Arthur Foley Winnington-
Ingram, Lord Bishop of London,
while on the Princeton campus
last Tuesday, according to the
Daily Princetonian. Bishop In
gram spoke in the Memorial
Church. .
"Why, I played rugby for forty
years. That's a game with ex
citement. Why, you can't take
your eyes off the game a minute.
I have seen three games of
American football and wasn't
thrilled once; American football
is just an eternal 'scrum'."
The Lord Bishop declared that
the huddle system was unsatis
factory, saying: "I can't under
stand what they are talking about
all the time. I suppose they are
cooking up some plan or other,
but that makes the game slower."
"American football is a deadly
bore, in the first place, and fur
thermore, you can't play football
very much after you leave col
lege," remarked the Right Rever
end Arthur Foley Winnington-
Ingram, Lord Bishop of London,
while on the Princeton campus
last Tuesday, according to the
Daily Princetonian. Bishop In
gram spoke in the Memorial
Church. .
"Why, I played rugby for forty
years. That's a game with ex
citement. Why, you can't take
your eyes off the game a minute.
I have seen three games of
American football and wasn't
thrilled once; American football
is just an eternal 'scrum'."
The Lord Bishop declared that
the huddle system was unsatis
factory, saying: "I can't under
stand what they are talking about
all the time. I suppose they are
cooking up some plan or other,
but that makes the game slower."
"American football is a deadly
bore, in the first place, and fur
thermore, you can't play football
very much after you leave col
lege," remarked the Right Rever
end Arthur Foley Winnington-
Ingram, Lord Bishop of London,
while on the Princeton campus
last Tuesday, according to the
Daily Princetonian. Bishop In
gram spoke in the Memorial
Church. .
"Why, I played rugby for forty
years. That's a game with ex
citement. Why, you can't take
your eyes off the game a minute.
I have seen three games of
American football and wasn't
thrilled once; American football
is just an eternal 'scrum'."
The Lord Bishop declared that
the huddle system was unsatis
factory, saying: "I can't under
stand what they are talking about
all the time. I suppose they are
cooking up some plan or other,
but that makes the game slower."
"American football is a deadly
bore, in the first place, and fur
thermore, you can't play football
very much after you leave col
lege," remarked the Right Rever
end Arthur Foley Winnington-
Ingram, Lord Bishop of London,
while on the Princeton campus
last Tuesday, according to the
Daily Princetonian. Bishop In
gram spoke in the Memorial
Church. .
"Why, I played rugby for forty
years. That's a game with ex
citement. Why, you can't take
your eyes off the game a minute.
I have seen three games of
American football and wasn't
thrilled once; American football
is just an eternal 'scrum'."
The Lord Bishop declared that
the huddle system was unsatis
factory, saying: "I can't under
stand what they are talking about
all the time. I suppose they are
cooking up some plan or other,
but that makes the game slower."
"American football is a deadly
bore, in the first place, and fur
thermore, you can't play football
very much after you leave col
lege," remarked the Right Rever
end Arthur Foley Winnington-
Ingram, Lord Bishop of London,
while on the Princeton campus
last Tuesday, according to the
Daily Princetonian. Bishop In
gram spoke in the Memorial
Church. .
"Why, I played rugby for forty
years. That's a game with ex
citement. Why, you can't take
your eyes off the game a minute.
I have seen three games of
American football and wasn't
thrilled once; American football
is just an eternal 'scrum'."
The Lord Bishop declared that
the huddle system was unsatis
factory, saying: "I can't under
stand what they are talking about
all the time. I suppose they are
cooking up some plan or other,
but that makes the game slower."
"American football is a deadly
bore, in the first place, and fur
thermore, you can't play football
very much after you leave col
lege," remarked the Right Rever
end Arthur Foley Winnington-
Ingram, Lord Bishop of London,
while on the Princeton campus
last Tuesday, according to the
Daily Princetonian. Bishop In
gram spoke in the Memorial
Church. .
"Why, I played rugby for forty
years. That's a game with ex
citement. Why, you can't take
your eyes off the game a minute.
I have seen three games of
American football and wasn't
thrilled once; American football
is just an eternal 'scrum'."
The Lord Bishop declared that
the huddle system was unsatis
factory, saying: "I can't under
stand what they are talking about
all the time. I suppose they are
cooking up some plan or other,
but that makes the game slower."
"American football is a deadly
bore, in the first place, and fur
thermore, you can't play football
very much after you leave col
lege," remarked the Right Rever
end Arthur Foley Winnington-
Ingram, Lord Bishop of London,
while on the Princeton campus
last Tuesday, according to the
Daily Princetonian. Bishop In
gram spoke in the Memorial
Church. .
"Why, I played rugby for forty
years. That's a game with ex
citement. Why, you can't take
your eyes off the game a minute.
I have seen three games of
American football and wasn't
thrilled once; American football
is just an eternal 'scrum'."
The Lord Bishop declared that
the huddle system was unsatis
factory, saying: "I can't under
stand what they are talking about
all the time. I suppose they are
cooking up some plan or other,
but that makes the game slower."
"American football is a deadly
bore, in the first place, and fur
thermore, you can't play football
very much after you leave col
lege," remarked the Right Rever
end Arthur Foley Winnington-
Ingram, Lord Bishop of London,
while on the Princeton campus
last Tuesday, according to the
Daily Princetonian. Bishop In
gram spoke in the Memorial
Church. .
"Why, I played rugby for forty
years. That's a game with ex
citement. Why, you can't take
your eyes off the game a minute.
I have seen three games of
American football and wasn't
thrilled once; American football
is just an eternal 'scrum'."
The Lord Bishop declared that
the huddle system was unsatis
factory, saying: "I can't under
stand what they are talking about
all the time. I suppose they are
cooking up some plan or other,
but that makes the game slower."
"American football is a deadly
bore, in the first place, and fur
thermore, you can't play football
very much after you leave col
lege," remarked the Right Rever
end Arthur Foley Winnington-
Ingram, Lord Bishop of London,
while on the Princeton campus
last Tuesday, according to the
Daily Princetonian. Bishop In
gram spoke in the Memorial
Church. .
"Why, I played rugby for forty
years. That's a game with ex
citement. Why, you can't take
your eyes off the game a minute.
I have seen three games of
American football and wasn't
thrilled once; American football
is just an eternal 'scrum'."
The Lord Bishop declared that
the huddle system was unsatis
factory, saying: "I can't under
stand what they are talking about
all the time. I suppose they are
cooking up some plan or other,
but that makes the game slower."
"American football is a deadly
bore, in the first place, and fur
thermore, you can't play football
very much after you leave col
lege," remarked the Right Rever
end Arthur Foley Winnington-
Ingram, Lord Bishop of London,
while on the Princeton campus
last Tuesday, according to the
Daily Princetonian. Bishop In
gram spoke in the Memorial
Church. .
"Why, I played rugby for forty
years. That's a game with ex
citement. Why, you can't take
your eyes off the game a minute.
I have seen three games of
American football and wasn't
thrilled once; American football
is just an eternal 'scrum'."
The Lord Bishop declared that
the huddle system was unsatis
factory, saying: "I can't under
stand what they are talking about
all the time. I suppose they are
cooking up some plan or other,
but that makes the game slower."
"American football is a deadly
bore, in the first place, and fur
thermore, you can't play football
very much after you leave col
lege," remarked the Right Rever
end Arthur Foley Winnington-
Ingram, Lord Bishop of London,
while on the Princeton campus
last Tuesday, according to the
Daily Princetonian. Bishop In
gram spoke in the Memorial
Church. .
"Why, I played rugby for forty
years. That's a game with ex
citement. Why, you can't take
your eyes off the game a minute.
I have seen three games of
American football and wasn't
thrilled once; American football
is just an eternal 'scrum'."
The Lord Bishop declared that
the huddle system was unsatis
factory, saying: "I can't under
stand what they are talking about
all the time. I suppose they are
cooking up some plan or other,
but that makes the game slower."
"American football is a deadly
bore, in the first place, and fur
thermore, you can't play football
very much after you leave col
lege," remarked the Right Rever
end Arthur Foley Winnington-
Ingram, Lord Bishop of London,
while on the Princeton campus
last Tuesday, according to the
Daily Princetonian. Bishop In
gram spoke in the Memorial
Church. .
"Why, I played rugby for forty
years. That's a game with ex
citement. Why, you can't take
your eyes off the game a minute.
I have seen three games of
American football and wasn't
thrilled once; American football
is just an eternal 'scrum'."
The Lord Bishop declared that
the huddle system was unsatis
factory, saying: "I can't under
stand what they are talking about
all the time. I suppose they are
cooking up some plan or other,
but that makes the game slower."
"American football is a deadly
bore, in the first place, and fur
thermore, you can't play football
very much after you leave col
lege," remarked the Right Rever
end Arthur Foley Winnington-
Ingram, Lord Bishop of London,
while on the Princeton campus
last Tuesday, according to the
Daily Princetonian. Bishop In
gram spoke in the Memorial
Church. .
"Why, I played rugby for forty
years. That's a game with ex
citement. Why, you can't take
your eyes off the game a minute.
I have seen three games of
American football and wasn't
thrilled once; American football
is just an eternal 'scrum'."
The Lord Bishop declared that
the huddle system was unsatis
factory, saying: "I can't under
stand what they are talking about
all the time. I suppose they are
cooking up some plan or other,
but that makes the game slower."
