# Untitled Article
## 
### 
C.R. Benson, '20, who entered the
Student's Course of the General Elec
tric Company during the past year, is
now employed in the testing section
of the Radio Department of that com
pany.
C.R. Benson, '20, who entered the
Student's Course of the General Elec
tric Company during the past year, is
now employed in the testing section
of the Radio Department of that com
pany.
C.R. Benson, '20, who entered the
Student's Course of the General Elec
tric Company during the past year, is
now employed in the testing section
of the Radio Department of that com
pany.
C.R. Benson, '20, who entered the
Student's Course of the General Elec
tric Company during the past year, is
now employed in the testing section
of the Radio Department of that com
pany.
C.R. Benson, '20, who entered the
Student's Course of the General Elec
tric Company during the past year, is
now employed in the testing section
of the Radio Department of that com
pany.
C.R. Benson, '20, who entered the
Student's Course of the General Elec
tric Company during the past year, is
now employed in the testing section
of the Radio Department of that com
pany.
C.R. Benson, '20, who entered the
Student's Course of the General Elec
tric Company during the past year, is
now employed in the testing section
of the Radio Department of that com
pany.
C.R. Benson, '20, who entered the
Student's Course of the General Elec
tric Company during the past year, is
now employed in the testing section
of the Radio Department of that com
pany.
C.R. Benson, '20, who entered the
Student's Course of the General Elec
tric Company during the past year, is
now employed in the testing section
of the Radio Department of that com
pany.
C.R. Benson, '20, who entered the
Student's Course of the General Elec
tric Company during the past year, is
now employed in the testing section
of the Radio Department of that com
pany.
C.R. Benson, '20, who entered the
Student's Course of the General Elec
tric Company during the past year, is
now employed in the testing section
of the Radio Department of that com
pany.
C.R. Benson, '20, who entered the
Student's Course of the General Elec
tric Company during the past year, is
now employed in the testing section
of the Radio Department of that com
pany.
C.R. Benson, '20, who entered the
Student's Course of the General Elec
tric Company during the past year, is
now employed in the testing section
of the Radio Department of that com
pany.
C.R. Benson, '20, who entered the
Student's Course of the General Elec
tric Company during the past year, is
now employed in the testing section
of the Radio Department of that com
pany.
C.R. Benson, '20, who entered the
Student's Course of the General Elec
tric Company during the past year, is
now employed in the testing section
of the Radio Department of that com
pany.
