# ALUMNUS WITH G.E.
## 
### 
T. W. Bean, '26, who entered the
Testing Department of the General
Electric Company, has completed his
course in the various testing sections
of the Schenectady Works, ahd has
transferred to that department of the
General Electric at Lynn, Massachu-
BCttS.
T. W. Bean, '26, who entered the
Testing Department of the General
Electric Company, has completed his
course in the various testing sections
of the Schenectady Works, ahd has
transferred to that department of the
General Electric at Lynn, Massachu-
BCttS.
T. W. Bean, '26, who entered the
Testing Department of the General
Electric Company, has completed his
course in the various testing sections
of the Schenectady Works, ahd has
transferred to that department of the
General Electric at Lynn, Massachu-
BCttS.
T. W. Bean, '26, who entered the
Testing Department of the General
Electric Company, has completed his
course in the various testing sections
of the Schenectady Works, ahd has
transferred to that department of the
General Electric at Lynn, Massachu-
BCttS.
T. W. Bean, '26, who entered the
Testing Department of the General
Electric Company, has completed his
course in the various testing sections
of the Schenectady Works, ahd has
transferred to that department of the
General Electric at Lynn, Massachu-
BCttS.
T. W. Bean, '26, who entered the
Testing Department of the General
Electric Company, has completed his
course in the various testing sections
of the Schenectady Works, ahd has
transferred to that department of the
General Electric at Lynn, Massachu-
BCttS.
T. W. Bean, '26, who entered the
Testing Department of the General
Electric Company, has completed his
course in the various testing sections
of the Schenectady Works, ahd has
transferred to that department of the
General Electric at Lynn, Massachu-
BCttS.
T. W. Bean, '26, who entered the
Testing Department of the General
Electric Company, has completed his
course in the various testing sections
of the Schenectady Works, ahd has
transferred to that department of the
General Electric at Lynn, Massachu-
BCttS.
T. W. Bean, '26, who entered the
Testing Department of the General
Electric Company, has completed his
course in the various testing sections
of the Schenectady Works, ahd has
transferred to that department of the
General Electric at Lynn, Massachu-
BCttS.
T. W. Bean, '26, who entered the
Testing Department of the General
Electric Company, has completed his
course in the various testing sections
of the Schenectady Works, ahd has
transferred to that department of the
General Electric at Lynn, Massachu-
BCttS.
T. W. Bean, '26, who entered the
Testing Department of the General
Electric Company, has completed his
course in the various testing sections
of the Schenectady Works, ahd has
transferred to that department of the
General Electric at Lynn, Massachu-
BCttS.
T. W. Bean, '26, who entered the
Testing Department of the General
Electric Company, has completed his
course in the various testing sections
of the Schenectady Works, ahd has
transferred to that department of the
General Electric at Lynn, Massachu-
BCttS.
T. W. Bean, '26, who entered the
Testing Department of the General
Electric Company, has completed his
course in the various testing sections
of the Schenectady Works, ahd has
transferred to that department of the
General Electric at Lynn, Massachu-
BCttS.
T. W. Bean, '26, who entered the
Testing Department of the General
Electric Company, has completed his
course in the various testing sections
of the Schenectady Works, ahd has
transferred to that department of the
General Electric at Lynn, Massachu-
BCttS.
T. W. Bean, '26, who entered the
Testing Department of the General
Electric Company, has completed his
course in the various testing sections
of the Schenectady Works, ahd has
transferred to that department of the
General Electric at Lynn, Massachu-
BCttS.
