# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A new system of ticket distribution
for the U.S.C.-Notre Dame game is
being tried out at the University of
Southern California in an effort to
prevent scalping. Under the plan fresh
men will be able to apply for the
choicest seats, since they hold the
first series of books because of their
early registration.
A new system of ticket distribution
for the U.S.C.-Notre Dame game is
being tried out at the University of
Southern California in an effort to
prevent scalping. Under the plan fresh
men will be able to apply for the
choicest seats, since they hold the
first series of books because of their
early registration.
A new system of ticket distribution
for the U.S.C.-Notre Dame game is
being tried out at the University of
Southern California in an effort to
prevent scalping. Under the plan fresh
men will be able to apply for the
choicest seats, since they hold the
first series of books because of their
early registration.
A new system of ticket distribution
for the U.S.C.-Notre Dame game is
being tried out at the University of
Southern California in an effort to
prevent scalping. Under the plan fresh
men will be able to apply for the
choicest seats, since they hold the
first series of books because of their
early registration.
A new system of ticket distribution
for the U.S.C.-Notre Dame game is
being tried out at the University of
Southern California in an effort to
prevent scalping. Under the plan fresh
men will be able to apply for the
choicest seats, since they hold the
first series of books because of their
early registration.
A new system of ticket distribution
for the U.S.C.-Notre Dame game is
being tried out at the University of
Southern California in an effort to
prevent scalping. Under the plan fresh
men will be able to apply for the
choicest seats, since they hold the
first series of books because of their
early registration.
A new system of ticket distribution
for the U.S.C.-Notre Dame game is
being tried out at the University of
Southern California in an effort to
prevent scalping. Under the plan fresh
men will be able to apply for the
choicest seats, since they hold the
first series of books because of their
early registration.
A new system of ticket distribution
for the U.S.C.-Notre Dame game is
being tried out at the University of
Southern California in an effort to
prevent scalping. Under the plan fresh
men will be able to apply for the
choicest seats, since they hold the
first series of books because of their
early registration.
A new system of ticket distribution
for the U.S.C.-Notre Dame game is
being tried out at the University of
Southern California in an effort to
prevent scalping. Under the plan fresh
men will be able to apply for the
choicest seats, since they hold the
first series of books because of their
early registration.
A new system of ticket distribution
for the U.S.C.-Notre Dame game is
being tried out at the University of
Southern California in an effort to
prevent scalping. Under the plan fresh
men will be able to apply for the
choicest seats, since they hold the
first series of books because of their
early registration.
A new system of ticket distribution
for the U.S.C.-Notre Dame game is
being tried out at the University of
Southern California in an effort to
prevent scalping. Under the plan fresh
men will be able to apply for the
choicest seats, since they hold the
first series of books because of their
early registration.
A new system of ticket distribution
for the U.S.C.-Notre Dame game is
being tried out at the University of
Southern California in an effort to
prevent scalping. Under the plan fresh
men will be able to apply for the
choicest seats, since they hold the
first series of books because of their
early registration.
A new system of ticket distribution
for the U.S.C.-Notre Dame game is
being tried out at the University of
Southern California in an effort to
prevent scalping. Under the plan fresh
men will be able to apply for the
choicest seats, since they hold the
first series of books because of their
early registration.
A new system of ticket distribution
for the U.S.C.-Notre Dame game is
being tried out at the University of
Southern California in an effort to
prevent scalping. Under the plan fresh
men will be able to apply for the
choicest seats, since they hold the
first series of books because of their
early registration.
A new system of ticket distribution
for the U.S.C.-Notre Dame game is
being tried out at the University of
Southern California in an effort to
prevent scalping. Under the plan fresh
men will be able to apply for the
choicest seats, since they hold the
first series of books because of their
early registration.
