# Untitled Article
## 
### 
No varsity basketball practice
will be held in the pavilion Fri
day afternoon, according to Gif
ford Troyer.
No varsity basketball practice
will be held in the pavilion Fri
day afternoon, according to Gif
ford Troyer.
No varsity basketball practice
will be held in the pavilion Fri
day afternoon, according to Gif
ford Troyer.
No varsity basketball practice
will be held in the pavilion Fri
day afternoon, according to Gif
ford Troyer.
No varsity basketball practice
will be held in the pavilion Fri
day afternoon, according to Gif
ford Troyer.
No varsity basketball practice
will be held in the pavilion Fri
day afternoon, according to Gif
ford Troyer.
No varsity basketball practice
will be held in the pavilion Fri
day afternoon, according to Gif
ford Troyer.
No varsity basketball practice
will be held in the pavilion Fri
day afternoon, according to Gif
ford Troyer.
No varsity basketball practice
will be held in the pavilion Fri
day afternoon, according to Gif
ford Troyer.
No varsity basketball practice
will be held in the pavilion Fri
day afternoon, according to Gif
ford Troyer.
No varsity basketball practice
will be held in the pavilion Fri
day afternoon, according to Gif
ford Troyer.
No varsity basketball practice
will be held in the pavilion Fri
day afternoon, according to Gif
ford Troyer.
No varsity basketball practice
will be held in the pavilion Fri
day afternoon, according to Gif
ford Troyer.
No varsity basketball practice
will be held in the pavilion Fri
day afternoon, according to Gif
ford Troyer.
No varsity basketball practice
will be held in the pavilion Fri
day afternoon, according to Gif
ford Troyer.
