# Adv. 21 Page 8
## 
### 
Invite Hans Roth
to Your Wedding
for priceless
CANDIDS
Smart brides choose Hans
Roth, experienced photogra
pher, to make candid records
of the wedding hour.
Finished like portraits,
leather lioun d, they'll be
treasured forever!
" IUN ' V "" T "
PAiO AITO n
PHOTOCKAPHIS
DJk }-Sl»«
Invite Hans Roth
to Your Wedding
for priceless
CANDIDS
Smart brides choose Hans
Roth, experienced photogra
pher, to make candid records
of the wedding hour.
Finished like portraits,
leather lioun d, they'll be
treasured forever!
" IUN ' V "" T "
PAiO AITO n
PHOTOCKAPHIS
DJk }-Sl»«
Invite Hans Roth
to Your Wedding
for priceless
CANDIDS
Smart brides choose Hans
Roth, experienced photogra
pher, to make candid records
of the wedding hour.
Finished like portraits,
leather lioun d, they'll be
treasured forever!
" IUN ' V "" T "
PAiO AITO n
PHOTOCKAPHIS
DJk }-Sl»«
Invite Hans Roth
to Your Wedding
for priceless
CANDIDS
Smart brides choose Hans
Roth, experienced photogra
pher, to make candid records
of the wedding hour.
Finished like portraits,
leather lioun d, they'll be
treasured forever!
" IUN ' V "" T "
PAiO AITO n
PHOTOCKAPHIS
DJk }-Sl»«
Invite Hans Roth
to Your Wedding
for priceless
CANDIDS
Smart brides choose Hans
Roth, experienced photogra
pher, to make candid records
of the wedding hour.
Finished like portraits,
leather lioun d, they'll be
treasured forever!
" IUN ' V "" T "
PAiO AITO n
PHOTOCKAPHIS
DJk }-Sl»«
Invite Hans Roth
to Your Wedding
for priceless
CANDIDS
Smart brides choose Hans
Roth, experienced photogra
pher, to make candid records
of the wedding hour.
Finished like portraits,
leather lioun d, they'll be
treasured forever!
" IUN ' V "" T "
PAiO AITO n
PHOTOCKAPHIS
DJk }-Sl»«
Invite Hans Roth
to Your Wedding
for priceless
CANDIDS
Smart brides choose Hans
Roth, experienced photogra
pher, to make candid records
of the wedding hour.
Finished like portraits,
leather lioun d, they'll be
treasured forever!
" IUN ' V "" T "
PAiO AITO n
PHOTOCKAPHIS
DJk }-Sl»«
Invite Hans Roth
to Your Wedding
for priceless
CANDIDS
Smart brides choose Hans
Roth, experienced photogra
pher, to make candid records
of the wedding hour.
Finished like portraits,
leather lioun d, they'll be
treasured forever!
" IUN ' V "" T "
PAiO AITO n
PHOTOCKAPHIS
DJk }-Sl»«
Invite Hans Roth
to Your Wedding
for priceless
CANDIDS
Smart brides choose Hans
Roth, experienced photogra
pher, to make candid records
of the wedding hour.
Finished like portraits,
leather lioun d, they'll be
treasured forever!
" IUN ' V "" T "
PAiO AITO n
PHOTOCKAPHIS
DJk }-Sl»«
Invite Hans Roth
to Your Wedding
for priceless
CANDIDS
Smart brides choose Hans
Roth, experienced photogra
pher, to make candid records
of the wedding hour.
Finished like portraits,
leather lioun d, they'll be
treasured forever!
" IUN ' V "" T "
PAiO AITO n
PHOTOCKAPHIS
DJk }-Sl»«
Invite Hans Roth
to Your Wedding
for priceless
CANDIDS
Smart brides choose Hans
Roth, experienced photogra
pher, to make candid records
of the wedding hour.
Finished like portraits,
leather lioun d, they'll be
treasured forever!
" IUN ' V "" T "
PAiO AITO n
PHOTOCKAPHIS
DJk }-Sl»«
Invite Hans Roth
to Your Wedding
for priceless
CANDIDS
Smart brides choose Hans
Roth, experienced photogra
pher, to make candid records
of the wedding hour.
Finished like portraits,
leather lioun d, they'll be
treasured forever!
" IUN ' V "" T "
PAiO AITO n
PHOTOCKAPHIS
DJk }-Sl»«
Invite Hans Roth
to Your Wedding
for priceless
CANDIDS
Smart brides choose Hans
Roth, experienced photogra
pher, to make candid records
of the wedding hour.
Finished like portraits,
leather lioun d, they'll be
treasured forever!
" IUN ' V "" T "
PAiO AITO n
PHOTOCKAPHIS
DJk }-Sl»«
Invite Hans Roth
to Your Wedding
for priceless
CANDIDS
Smart brides choose Hans
Roth, experienced photogra
pher, to make candid records
of the wedding hour.
Finished like portraits,
leather lioun d, they'll be
treasured forever!
" IUN ' V "" T "
PAiO AITO n
PHOTOCKAPHIS
DJk }-Sl»«
