# Untitled Article
## 
### 

DR. WALLACE STERLING will
speak at Commencement exer
cises Sunday, June IN. and pre
sent diplomas to graduates.

DR. WALLACE STERLING will
speak at Commencement exer
cises Sunday, June IN. and pre
sent diplomas to graduates.

DR. WALLACE STERLING will
speak at Commencement exer
cises Sunday, June IN. and pre
sent diplomas to graduates.

DR. WALLACE STERLING will
speak at Commencement exer
cises Sunday, June IN. and pre
sent diplomas to graduates.

DR. WALLACE STERLING will
speak at Commencement exer
cises Sunday, June IN. and pre
sent diplomas to graduates.

DR. WALLACE STERLING will
speak at Commencement exer
cises Sunday, June IN. and pre
sent diplomas to graduates.

DR. WALLACE STERLING will
speak at Commencement exer
cises Sunday, June IN. and pre
sent diplomas to graduates.

DR. WALLACE STERLING will
speak at Commencement exer
cises Sunday, June IN. and pre
sent diplomas to graduates.

DR. WALLACE STERLING will
speak at Commencement exer
cises Sunday, June IN. and pre
sent diplomas to graduates.

DR. WALLACE STERLING will
speak at Commencement exer
cises Sunday, June IN. and pre
sent diplomas to graduates.

DR. WALLACE STERLING will
speak at Commencement exer
cises Sunday, June IN. and pre
sent diplomas to graduates.

DR. WALLACE STERLING will
speak at Commencement exer
cises Sunday, June IN. and pre
sent diplomas to graduates.

DR. WALLACE STERLING will
speak at Commencement exer
cises Sunday, June IN. and pre
sent diplomas to graduates.

DR. WALLACE STERLING will
speak at Commencement exer
cises Sunday, June IN. and pre
sent diplomas to graduates.
