# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Hurlburt House announces the
engagement of Lois Fallns, '50. to
Lynn Edwards. '50. Edwards is a
member of the Alpha Sigma Phi
fraternity at the University of Cali
fornia.
Hurlburt House announces the
engagement of Lois Fallns, '50. to
Lynn Edwards. '50. Edwards is a
member of the Alpha Sigma Phi
fraternity at the University of Cali
fornia.
Hurlburt House announces the
engagement of Lois Fallns, '50. to
Lynn Edwards. '50. Edwards is a
member of the Alpha Sigma Phi
fraternity at the University of Cali
fornia.
Hurlburt House announces the
engagement of Lois Fallns, '50. to
Lynn Edwards. '50. Edwards is a
member of the Alpha Sigma Phi
fraternity at the University of Cali
fornia.
Hurlburt House announces the
engagement of Lois Fallns, '50. to
Lynn Edwards. '50. Edwards is a
member of the Alpha Sigma Phi
fraternity at the University of Cali
fornia.
Hurlburt House announces the
engagement of Lois Fallns, '50. to
Lynn Edwards. '50. Edwards is a
member of the Alpha Sigma Phi
fraternity at the University of Cali
fornia.
Hurlburt House announces the
engagement of Lois Fallns, '50. to
Lynn Edwards. '50. Edwards is a
member of the Alpha Sigma Phi
fraternity at the University of Cali
fornia.
Hurlburt House announces the
engagement of Lois Fallns, '50. to
Lynn Edwards. '50. Edwards is a
member of the Alpha Sigma Phi
fraternity at the University of Cali
fornia.
Hurlburt House announces the
engagement of Lois Fallns, '50. to
Lynn Edwards. '50. Edwards is a
member of the Alpha Sigma Phi
fraternity at the University of Cali
fornia.
Hurlburt House announces the
engagement of Lois Fallns, '50. to
Lynn Edwards. '50. Edwards is a
member of the Alpha Sigma Phi
fraternity at the University of Cali
fornia.
Hurlburt House announces the
engagement of Lois Fallns, '50. to
Lynn Edwards. '50. Edwards is a
member of the Alpha Sigma Phi
fraternity at the University of Cali
fornia.
Hurlburt House announces the
engagement of Lois Fallns, '50. to
Lynn Edwards. '50. Edwards is a
member of the Alpha Sigma Phi
fraternity at the University of Cali
fornia.
Hurlburt House announces the
engagement of Lois Fallns, '50. to
Lynn Edwards. '50. Edwards is a
member of the Alpha Sigma Phi
fraternity at the University of Cali
fornia.
Hurlburt House announces the
engagement of Lois Fallns, '50. to
Lynn Edwards. '50. Edwards is a
member of the Alpha Sigma Phi
fraternity at the University of Cali
fornia.
