# EL TORO
## 
### 
At a meeting Wednesday night E!
Tom elected Burt Cohen president.
Marsh Pe; rlman was elected secre
tary-treasurer; Dave Owen, alumni
secretary; and Dick Long, intramu
ral (hiirman. Barry Sterling is
Keeper of the seal, and Bob Gentry
s liaison man with Rally Com.
The annual Constitution Conven
tion will be held this Sunday at 1
p.m. at Rossotti's.
At a meeting Wednesday night E!
Tom elected Burt Cohen president.
Marsh Pe; rlman was elected secre
tary-treasurer; Dave Owen, alumni
secretary; and Dick Long, intramu
ral (hiirman. Barry Sterling is
Keeper of the seal, and Bob Gentry
s liaison man with Rally Com.
The annual Constitution Conven
tion will be held this Sunday at 1
p.m. at Rossotti's.
At a meeting Wednesday night E!
Tom elected Burt Cohen president.
Marsh Pe; rlman was elected secre
tary-treasurer; Dave Owen, alumni
secretary; and Dick Long, intramu
ral (hiirman. Barry Sterling is
Keeper of the seal, and Bob Gentry
s liaison man with Rally Com.
The annual Constitution Conven
tion will be held this Sunday at 1
p.m. at Rossotti's.
At a meeting Wednesday night E!
Tom elected Burt Cohen president.
Marsh Pe; rlman was elected secre
tary-treasurer; Dave Owen, alumni
secretary; and Dick Long, intramu
ral (hiirman. Barry Sterling is
Keeper of the seal, and Bob Gentry
s liaison man with Rally Com.
The annual Constitution Conven
tion will be held this Sunday at 1
p.m. at Rossotti's.
At a meeting Wednesday night E!
Tom elected Burt Cohen president.
Marsh Pe; rlman was elected secre
tary-treasurer; Dave Owen, alumni
secretary; and Dick Long, intramu
ral (hiirman. Barry Sterling is
Keeper of the seal, and Bob Gentry
s liaison man with Rally Com.
The annual Constitution Conven
tion will be held this Sunday at 1
p.m. at Rossotti's.
At a meeting Wednesday night E!
Tom elected Burt Cohen president.
Marsh Pe; rlman was elected secre
tary-treasurer; Dave Owen, alumni
secretary; and Dick Long, intramu
ral (hiirman. Barry Sterling is
Keeper of the seal, and Bob Gentry
s liaison man with Rally Com.
The annual Constitution Conven
tion will be held this Sunday at 1
p.m. at Rossotti's.
At a meeting Wednesday night E!
Tom elected Burt Cohen president.
Marsh Pe; rlman was elected secre
tary-treasurer; Dave Owen, alumni
secretary; and Dick Long, intramu
ral (hiirman. Barry Sterling is
Keeper of the seal, and Bob Gentry
s liaison man with Rally Com.
The annual Constitution Conven
tion will be held this Sunday at 1
p.m. at Rossotti's.
At a meeting Wednesday night E!
Tom elected Burt Cohen president.
Marsh Pe; rlman was elected secre
tary-treasurer; Dave Owen, alumni
secretary; and Dick Long, intramu
ral (hiirman. Barry Sterling is
Keeper of the seal, and Bob Gentry
s liaison man with Rally Com.
The annual Constitution Conven
tion will be held this Sunday at 1
p.m. at Rossotti's.
At a meeting Wednesday night E!
Tom elected Burt Cohen president.
Marsh Pe; rlman was elected secre
tary-treasurer; Dave Owen, alumni
secretary; and Dick Long, intramu
ral (hiirman. Barry Sterling is
Keeper of the seal, and Bob Gentry
s liaison man with Rally Com.
The annual Constitution Conven
tion will be held this Sunday at 1
p.m. at Rossotti's.
At a meeting Wednesday night E!
Tom elected Burt Cohen president.
Marsh Pe; rlman was elected secre
tary-treasurer; Dave Owen, alumni
secretary; and Dick Long, intramu
ral (hiirman. Barry Sterling is
Keeper of the seal, and Bob Gentry
s liaison man with Rally Com.
The annual Constitution Conven
tion will be held this Sunday at 1
p.m. at Rossotti's.
At a meeting Wednesday night E!
Tom elected Burt Cohen president.
Marsh Pe; rlman was elected secre
tary-treasurer; Dave Owen, alumni
secretary; and Dick Long, intramu
ral (hiirman. Barry Sterling is
Keeper of the seal, and Bob Gentry
s liaison man with Rally Com.
The annual Constitution Conven
tion will be held this Sunday at 1
p.m. at Rossotti's.
At a meeting Wednesday night E!
Tom elected Burt Cohen president.
Marsh Pe; rlman was elected secre
tary-treasurer; Dave Owen, alumni
secretary; and Dick Long, intramu
ral (hiirman. Barry Sterling is
Keeper of the seal, and Bob Gentry
s liaison man with Rally Com.
The annual Constitution Conven
tion will be held this Sunday at 1
p.m. at Rossotti's.
At a meeting Wednesday night E!
Tom elected Burt Cohen president.
Marsh Pe; rlman was elected secre
tary-treasurer; Dave Owen, alumni
secretary; and Dick Long, intramu
ral (hiirman. Barry Sterling is
Keeper of the seal, and Bob Gentry
s liaison man with Rally Com.
The annual Constitution Conven
tion will be held this Sunday at 1
p.m. at Rossotti's.
At a meeting Wednesday night E!
Tom elected Burt Cohen president.
Marsh Pe; rlman was elected secre
tary-treasurer; Dave Owen, alumni
secretary; and Dick Long, intramu
ral (hiirman. Barry Sterling is
Keeper of the seal, and Bob Gentry
s liaison man with Rally Com.
The annual Constitution Conven
tion will be held this Sunday at 1
p.m. at Rossotti's.
