# RAZZ SHEET ISSUED ON BERKELEY CAMPUS
## 
### 
The male population of the Univer
sity of California campus came in for
a "razzing" at the hands of the wo
men students yesterday with the is
suance of the "Dill Pickle," the pub
lication of the Women's Journalistic
Society.
The male population of the Univer
sity of California campus came in for
a "razzing" at the hands of the wo
men students yesterday with the is
suance of the "Dill Pickle," the pub
lication of the Women's Journalistic
Society.
The male population of the Univer
sity of California campus came in for
a "razzing" at the hands of the wo
men students yesterday with the is
suance of the "Dill Pickle," the pub
lication of the Women's Journalistic
Society.
The male population of the Univer
sity of California campus came in for
a "razzing" at the hands of the wo
men students yesterday with the is
suance of the "Dill Pickle," the pub
lication of the Women's Journalistic
Society.
The male population of the Univer
sity of California campus came in for
a "razzing" at the hands of the wo
men students yesterday with the is
suance of the "Dill Pickle," the pub
lication of the Women's Journalistic
Society.
The male population of the Univer
sity of California campus came in for
a "razzing" at the hands of the wo
men students yesterday with the is
suance of the "Dill Pickle," the pub
lication of the Women's Journalistic
Society.
The male population of the Univer
sity of California campus came in for
a "razzing" at the hands of the wo
men students yesterday with the is
suance of the "Dill Pickle," the pub
lication of the Women's Journalistic
Society.
The male population of the Univer
sity of California campus came in for
a "razzing" at the hands of the wo
men students yesterday with the is
suance of the "Dill Pickle," the pub
lication of the Women's Journalistic
Society.
The male population of the Univer
sity of California campus came in for
a "razzing" at the hands of the wo
men students yesterday with the is
suance of the "Dill Pickle," the pub
lication of the Women's Journalistic
Society.
The male population of the Univer
sity of California campus came in for
a "razzing" at the hands of the wo
men students yesterday with the is
suance of the "Dill Pickle," the pub
lication of the Women's Journalistic
Society.
The male population of the Univer
sity of California campus came in for
a "razzing" at the hands of the wo
men students yesterday with the is
suance of the "Dill Pickle," the pub
lication of the Women's Journalistic
Society.
The male population of the Univer
sity of California campus came in for
a "razzing" at the hands of the wo
men students yesterday with the is
suance of the "Dill Pickle," the pub
lication of the Women's Journalistic
Society.
The male population of the Univer
sity of California campus came in for
a "razzing" at the hands of the wo
men students yesterday with the is
suance of the "Dill Pickle," the pub
lication of the Women's Journalistic
Society.
The male population of the Univer
sity of California campus came in for
a "razzing" at the hands of the wo
men students yesterday with the is
suance of the "Dill Pickle," the pub
lication of the Women's Journalistic
Society.
The male population of the Univer
sity of California campus came in for
a "razzing" at the hands of the wo
men students yesterday with the is
suance of the "Dill Pickle," the pub
lication of the Women's Journalistic
Society.
