# MILLS GIRL WINS RADCLIFFE SCHOLARSHIP
## 
### 
The Radcliffe scholarship for which
students of Stanford, the University
of California, and Mills College haTe
been competing, is to go to Misß
Juanita Huntley of Mills, it has been
announced.
Last October the Radcliffe Club of
San Francisco wrote to the president#
of the University of California, and
Mills, notifying them of the graduate
scholarship of $859. for a woman stu
dent, which is given for graduate work
at Radcliffe College, Massachusetts.
The Radcliffe scholarship for which
students of Stanford, the University
of California, and Mills College haTe
been competing, is to go to Misß
Juanita Huntley of Mills, it has been
announced.
Last October the Radcliffe Club of
San Francisco wrote to the president#
of the University of California, and
Mills, notifying them of the graduate
scholarship of $859. for a woman stu
dent, which is given for graduate work
at Radcliffe College, Massachusetts.
The Radcliffe scholarship for which
students of Stanford, the University
of California, and Mills College haTe
been competing, is to go to Misß
Juanita Huntley of Mills, it has been
announced.
Last October the Radcliffe Club of
San Francisco wrote to the president#
of the University of California, and
Mills, notifying them of the graduate
scholarship of $859. for a woman stu
dent, which is given for graduate work
at Radcliffe College, Massachusetts.
The Radcliffe scholarship for which
students of Stanford, the University
of California, and Mills College haTe
been competing, is to go to Misß
Juanita Huntley of Mills, it has been
announced.
Last October the Radcliffe Club of
San Francisco wrote to the president#
of the University of California, and
Mills, notifying them of the graduate
scholarship of $859. for a woman stu
dent, which is given for graduate work
at Radcliffe College, Massachusetts.
The Radcliffe scholarship for which
students of Stanford, the University
of California, and Mills College haTe
been competing, is to go to Misß
Juanita Huntley of Mills, it has been
announced.
Last October the Radcliffe Club of
San Francisco wrote to the president#
of the University of California, and
Mills, notifying them of the graduate
scholarship of $859. for a woman stu
dent, which is given for graduate work
at Radcliffe College, Massachusetts.
The Radcliffe scholarship for which
students of Stanford, the University
of California, and Mills College haTe
been competing, is to go to Misß
Juanita Huntley of Mills, it has been
announced.
Last October the Radcliffe Club of
San Francisco wrote to the president#
of the University of California, and
Mills, notifying them of the graduate
scholarship of $859. for a woman stu
dent, which is given for graduate work
at Radcliffe College, Massachusetts.
The Radcliffe scholarship for which
students of Stanford, the University
of California, and Mills College haTe
been competing, is to go to Misß
Juanita Huntley of Mills, it has been
announced.
Last October the Radcliffe Club of
San Francisco wrote to the president#
of the University of California, and
Mills, notifying them of the graduate
scholarship of $859. for a woman stu
dent, which is given for graduate work
at Radcliffe College, Massachusetts.
The Radcliffe scholarship for which
students of Stanford, the University
of California, and Mills College haTe
been competing, is to go to Misß
Juanita Huntley of Mills, it has been
announced.
Last October the Radcliffe Club of
San Francisco wrote to the president#
of the University of California, and
Mills, notifying them of the graduate
scholarship of $859. for a woman stu
dent, which is given for graduate work
at Radcliffe College, Massachusetts.
The Radcliffe scholarship for which
students of Stanford, the University
of California, and Mills College haTe
been competing, is to go to Misß
Juanita Huntley of Mills, it has been
announced.
Last October the Radcliffe Club of
San Francisco wrote to the president#
of the University of California, and
Mills, notifying them of the graduate
scholarship of $859. for a woman stu
dent, which is given for graduate work
at Radcliffe College, Massachusetts.
The Radcliffe scholarship for which
students of Stanford, the University
of California, and Mills College haTe
been competing, is to go to Misß
Juanita Huntley of Mills, it has been
announced.
Last October the Radcliffe Club of
San Francisco wrote to the president#
of the University of California, and
Mills, notifying them of the graduate
scholarship of $859. for a woman stu
dent, which is given for graduate work
at Radcliffe College, Massachusetts.
The Radcliffe scholarship for which
students of Stanford, the University
of California, and Mills College haTe
been competing, is to go to Misß
Juanita Huntley of Mills, it has been
announced.
Last October the Radcliffe Club of
San Francisco wrote to the president#
of the University of California, and
Mills, notifying them of the graduate
scholarship of $859. for a woman stu
dent, which is given for graduate work
at Radcliffe College, Massachusetts.
The Radcliffe scholarship for which
students of Stanford, the University
of California, and Mills College haTe
been competing, is to go to Misß
Juanita Huntley of Mills, it has been
announced.
Last October the Radcliffe Club of
San Francisco wrote to the president#
of the University of California, and
Mills, notifying them of the graduate
scholarship of $859. for a woman stu
dent, which is given for graduate work
at Radcliffe College, Massachusetts.
The Radcliffe scholarship for which
students of Stanford, the University
of California, and Mills College haTe
been competing, is to go to Misß
Juanita Huntley of Mills, it has been
announced.
Last October the Radcliffe Club of
San Francisco wrote to the president#
of the University of California, and
Mills, notifying them of the graduate
scholarship of $859. for a woman stu
dent, which is given for graduate work
at Radcliffe College, Massachusetts.
The Radcliffe scholarship for which
students of Stanford, the University
of California, and Mills College haTe
been competing, is to go to Misß
Juanita Huntley of Mills, it has been
announced.
Last October the Radcliffe Club of
San Francisco wrote to the president#
of the University of California, and
Mills, notifying them of the graduate
scholarship of $859. for a woman stu
dent, which is given for graduate work
at Radcliffe College, Massachusetts.
The Radcliffe scholarship for which
students of Stanford, the University
of California, and Mills College haTe
been competing, is to go to Misß
Juanita Huntley of Mills, it has been
announced.
Last October the Radcliffe Club of
San Francisco wrote to the president#
of the University of California, and
Mills, notifying them of the graduate
scholarship of $859. for a woman stu
dent, which is given for graduate work
at Radcliffe College, Massachusetts.
