# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Cleveland Indians have found
overtime play to their liking this
year. They won seven of their first
eight extra - inning games, losing
only to Detroit in ten innings, April
23.
The Cleveland Indians have found
overtime play to their liking this
year. They won seven of their first
eight extra - inning games, losing
only to Detroit in ten innings, April
23.
The Cleveland Indians have found
overtime play to their liking this
year. They won seven of their first
eight extra - inning games, losing
only to Detroit in ten innings, April
23.
The Cleveland Indians have found
overtime play to their liking this
year. They won seven of their first
eight extra - inning games, losing
only to Detroit in ten innings, April
23.
The Cleveland Indians have found
overtime play to their liking this
year. They won seven of their first
eight extra - inning games, losing
only to Detroit in ten innings, April
23.
The Cleveland Indians have found
overtime play to their liking this
year. They won seven of their first
eight extra - inning games, losing
only to Detroit in ten innings, April
23.
The Cleveland Indians have found
overtime play to their liking this
year. They won seven of their first
eight extra - inning games, losing
only to Detroit in ten innings, April
23.
The Cleveland Indians have found
overtime play to their liking this
year. They won seven of their first
eight extra - inning games, losing
only to Detroit in ten innings, April
23.
The Cleveland Indians have found
overtime play to their liking this
year. They won seven of their first
eight extra - inning games, losing
only to Detroit in ten innings, April
23.
The Cleveland Indians have found
overtime play to their liking this
year. They won seven of their first
eight extra - inning games, losing
only to Detroit in ten innings, April
23.
The Cleveland Indians have found
overtime play to their liking this
year. They won seven of their first
eight extra - inning games, losing
only to Detroit in ten innings, April
23.
The Cleveland Indians have found
overtime play to their liking this
year. They won seven of their first
eight extra - inning games, losing
only to Detroit in ten innings, April
23.
The Cleveland Indians have found
overtime play to their liking this
year. They won seven of their first
eight extra - inning games, losing
only to Detroit in ten innings, April
23.
The Cleveland Indians have found
overtime play to their liking this
year. They won seven of their first
eight extra - inning games, losing
only to Detroit in ten innings, April
23.
