# KZSU Roundtable To Feature Consul
## 
### 
Alberto Lopez Herse, adjutant
consul of Spain, will be the fea
tured guest of a roundtable discus
sion to be aired over station KZSU
tonight at 8:30, according to Mary
Hill, KZSU station manager. The
discussion will center around the
Spanish film "Don Quixote," which
has been recommended by the Na
tional Board of Reviewers of Mo
tion Pictures, Inc.
Members of the discussion group
include Mr. Herse and members of
his party; Professor Ronald W. Hil
ton, director of the Hispanic-Amer
ican Institute; Professor Aurelio M.
Espinosa of the Romanic languages
department; and Professor Garcia
Prado from Colorado.
The story and film adaptation of
"Don Quixote" will be the main
topic of discussion.
