# June Grad Drowns Near Minneapolis
## 
### 
Karl Kutish, 27, who was grad
uated from here this June, drowned
Saturday while swimming in a lake
near his Minneapolis home. Kutish
received his degree in Business Ad
ministraton.
He was the husband of Mrs.
Florence Kutish, who was em
ployed as secretary in a Palo Alto
bank during the two years the
couple lived here.
They went to their Minneapolis
home last motnh.
Karl Kutish, 27, who was grad
uated from here this June, drowned
Saturday while swimming in a lake
near his Minneapolis home. Kutish
received his degree in Business Ad
ministraton.
He was the husband of Mrs.
Florence Kutish, who was em
ployed as secretary in a Palo Alto
bank during the two years the
couple lived here.
They went to their Minneapolis
home last motnh.
Karl Kutish, 27, who was grad
uated from here this June, drowned
Saturday while swimming in a lake
near his Minneapolis home. Kutish
received his degree in Business Ad
ministraton.
He was the husband of Mrs.
Florence Kutish, who was em
ployed as secretary in a Palo Alto
bank during the two years the
couple lived here.
They went to their Minneapolis
home last motnh.
Karl Kutish, 27, who was grad
uated from here this June, drowned
Saturday while swimming in a lake
near his Minneapolis home. Kutish
received his degree in Business Ad
ministraton.
He was the husband of Mrs.
Florence Kutish, who was em
ployed as secretary in a Palo Alto
bank during the two years the
couple lived here.
They went to their Minneapolis
home last motnh.
Karl Kutish, 27, who was grad
uated from here this June, drowned
Saturday while swimming in a lake
near his Minneapolis home. Kutish
received his degree in Business Ad
ministraton.
He was the husband of Mrs.
Florence Kutish, who was em
ployed as secretary in a Palo Alto
bank during the two years the
couple lived here.
They went to their Minneapolis
home last motnh.
Karl Kutish, 27, who was grad
uated from here this June, drowned
Saturday while swimming in a lake
near his Minneapolis home. Kutish
received his degree in Business Ad
ministraton.
He was the husband of Mrs.
Florence Kutish, who was em
ployed as secretary in a Palo Alto
bank during the two years the
couple lived here.
They went to their Minneapolis
home last motnh.
Karl Kutish, 27, who was grad
uated from here this June, drowned
Saturday while swimming in a lake
near his Minneapolis home. Kutish
received his degree in Business Ad
ministraton.
He was the husband of Mrs.
Florence Kutish, who was em
ployed as secretary in a Palo Alto
bank during the two years the
couple lived here.
They went to their Minneapolis
home last motnh.
Karl Kutish, 27, who was grad
uated from here this June, drowned
Saturday while swimming in a lake
near his Minneapolis home. Kutish
received his degree in Business Ad
ministraton.
He was the husband of Mrs.
Florence Kutish, who was em
ployed as secretary in a Palo Alto
bank during the two years the
couple lived here.
They went to their Minneapolis
home last motnh.
Karl Kutish, 27, who was grad
uated from here this June, drowned
Saturday while swimming in a lake
near his Minneapolis home. Kutish
received his degree in Business Ad
ministraton.
He was the husband of Mrs.
Florence Kutish, who was em
ployed as secretary in a Palo Alto
bank during the two years the
couple lived here.
They went to their Minneapolis
home last motnh.
Karl Kutish, 27, who was grad
uated from here this June, drowned
Saturday while swimming in a lake
near his Minneapolis home. Kutish
received his degree in Business Ad
ministraton.
He was the husband of Mrs.
Florence Kutish, who was em
ployed as secretary in a Palo Alto
bank during the two years the
couple lived here.
They went to their Minneapolis
home last motnh.
Karl Kutish, 27, who was grad
uated from here this June, drowned
Saturday while swimming in a lake
near his Minneapolis home. Kutish
received his degree in Business Ad
ministraton.
He was the husband of Mrs.
Florence Kutish, who was em
ployed as secretary in a Palo Alto
bank during the two years the
couple lived here.
They went to their Minneapolis
home last motnh.
Karl Kutish, 27, who was grad
uated from here this June, drowned
Saturday while swimming in a lake
near his Minneapolis home. Kutish
received his degree in Business Ad
ministraton.
He was the husband of Mrs.
Florence Kutish, who was em
ployed as secretary in a Palo Alto
bank during the two years the
couple lived here.
They went to their Minneapolis
home last motnh.
Karl Kutish, 27, who was grad
uated from here this June, drowned
Saturday while swimming in a lake
near his Minneapolis home. Kutish
received his degree in Business Ad
ministraton.
He was the husband of Mrs.
Florence Kutish, who was em
ployed as secretary in a Palo Alto
bank during the two years the
couple lived here.
They went to their Minneapolis
home last motnh.
Karl Kutish, 27, who was grad
uated from here this June, drowned
Saturday while swimming in a lake
near his Minneapolis home. Kutish
received his degree in Business Ad
ministraton.
He was the husband of Mrs.
Florence Kutish, who was em
ployed as secretary in a Palo Alto
bank during the two years the
couple lived here.
They went to their Minneapolis
home last motnh.
