# Zagar
## 
### 
Apparently Pete Zagar is way off
form in his discus throwing if the
wires from Finland have not been
crossed. In a recent meet the
Stanford footballer could only
throw the plate 148 feet, which is
a good 10 feet under his usual av
erage. In a recent letter from
Stanford's number one golfer, Art
Doering, he says he has learned a
lot from the tournaments this
summer, especially concerning his
putting game, which has been a
"bugaboo" to him.
Apparently Pete Zagar is way off
form in his discus throwing if the
wires from Finland have not been
crossed. In a recent meet the
Stanford footballer could only
throw the plate 148 feet, which is
a good 10 feet under his usual av
erage. In a recent letter from
Stanford's number one golfer, Art
Doering, he says he has learned a
lot from the tournaments this
summer, especially concerning his
putting game, which has been a
"bugaboo" to him.
Apparently Pete Zagar is way off
form in his discus throwing if the
wires from Finland have not been
crossed. In a recent meet the
Stanford footballer could only
throw the plate 148 feet, which is
a good 10 feet under his usual av
erage. In a recent letter from
Stanford's number one golfer, Art
Doering, he says he has learned a
lot from the tournaments this
summer, especially concerning his
putting game, which has been a
"bugaboo" to him.
Apparently Pete Zagar is way off
form in his discus throwing if the
wires from Finland have not been
crossed. In a recent meet the
Stanford footballer could only
throw the plate 148 feet, which is
a good 10 feet under his usual av
erage. In a recent letter from
Stanford's number one golfer, Art
Doering, he says he has learned a
lot from the tournaments this
summer, especially concerning his
putting game, which has been a
"bugaboo" to him.
Apparently Pete Zagar is way off
form in his discus throwing if the
wires from Finland have not been
crossed. In a recent meet the
Stanford footballer could only
throw the plate 148 feet, which is
a good 10 feet under his usual av
erage. In a recent letter from
Stanford's number one golfer, Art
Doering, he says he has learned a
lot from the tournaments this
summer, especially concerning his
putting game, which has been a
"bugaboo" to him.
Apparently Pete Zagar is way off
form in his discus throwing if the
wires from Finland have not been
crossed. In a recent meet the
Stanford footballer could only
throw the plate 148 feet, which is
a good 10 feet under his usual av
erage. In a recent letter from
Stanford's number one golfer, Art
Doering, he says he has learned a
lot from the tournaments this
summer, especially concerning his
putting game, which has been a
"bugaboo" to him.
Apparently Pete Zagar is way off
form in his discus throwing if the
wires from Finland have not been
crossed. In a recent meet the
Stanford footballer could only
throw the plate 148 feet, which is
a good 10 feet under his usual av
erage. In a recent letter from
Stanford's number one golfer, Art
Doering, he says he has learned a
lot from the tournaments this
summer, especially concerning his
putting game, which has been a
"bugaboo" to him.
Apparently Pete Zagar is way off
form in his discus throwing if the
wires from Finland have not been
crossed. In a recent meet the
Stanford footballer could only
throw the plate 148 feet, which is
a good 10 feet under his usual av
erage. In a recent letter from
Stanford's number one golfer, Art
Doering, he says he has learned a
lot from the tournaments this
summer, especially concerning his
putting game, which has been a
"bugaboo" to him.
Apparently Pete Zagar is way off
form in his discus throwing if the
wires from Finland have not been
crossed. In a recent meet the
Stanford footballer could only
throw the plate 148 feet, which is
a good 10 feet under his usual av
erage. In a recent letter from
Stanford's number one golfer, Art
Doering, he says he has learned a
lot from the tournaments this
summer, especially concerning his
putting game, which has been a
"bugaboo" to him.
Apparently Pete Zagar is way off
form in his discus throwing if the
wires from Finland have not been
crossed. In a recent meet the
Stanford footballer could only
throw the plate 148 feet, which is
a good 10 feet under his usual av
erage. In a recent letter from
Stanford's number one golfer, Art
Doering, he says he has learned a
lot from the tournaments this
summer, especially concerning his
putting game, which has been a
"bugaboo" to him.
Apparently Pete Zagar is way off
form in his discus throwing if the
wires from Finland have not been
crossed. In a recent meet the
Stanford footballer could only
throw the plate 148 feet, which is
a good 10 feet under his usual av
erage. In a recent letter from
Stanford's number one golfer, Art
Doering, he says he has learned a
lot from the tournaments this
summer, especially concerning his
putting game, which has been a
"bugaboo" to him.
Apparently Pete Zagar is way off
form in his discus throwing if the
wires from Finland have not been
crossed. In a recent meet the
Stanford footballer could only
throw the plate 148 feet, which is
a good 10 feet under his usual av
erage. In a recent letter from
Stanford's number one golfer, Art
Doering, he says he has learned a
lot from the tournaments this
summer, especially concerning his
putting game, which has been a
"bugaboo" to him.
Apparently Pete Zagar is way off
form in his discus throwing if the
wires from Finland have not been
crossed. In a recent meet the
Stanford footballer could only
throw the plate 148 feet, which is
a good 10 feet under his usual av
erage. In a recent letter from
Stanford's number one golfer, Art
Doering, he says he has learned a
lot from the tournaments this
summer, especially concerning his
putting game, which has been a
"bugaboo" to him.
Apparently Pete Zagar is way off
form in his discus throwing if the
wires from Finland have not been
crossed. In a recent meet the
Stanford footballer could only
throw the plate 148 feet, which is
a good 10 feet under his usual av
erage. In a recent letter from
Stanford's number one golfer, Art
Doering, he says he has learned a
lot from the tournaments this
summer, especially concerning his
putting game, which has been a
"bugaboo" to him.
Apparently Pete Zagar is way off
form in his discus throwing if the
wires from Finland have not been
crossed. In a recent meet the
Stanford footballer could only
throw the plate 148 feet, which is
a good 10 feet under his usual av
erage. In a recent letter from
Stanford's number one golfer, Art
Doering, he says he has learned a
lot from the tournaments this
summer, especially concerning his
putting game, which has been a
"bugaboo" to him.
