# THIS WEEK
## Vesper Service 
### 
The second and final vesper
service scheduled for the summer
season will be held in the Laur
ence Frost Amphitheater next Sun
day at 5 o'clock. The 45-minute
Sunday program will consist of
prayers, congregational singing of
familiar hymns, and a brief ad
dress by the chaplain of the Uni
versity.
An electric organ was installed
and used for the first vesper serv
ice held July 17; however, next
Sunday the University organ in
Memorial Church will be heard
instead.
All persons attending are asked
to bring their own cushions, blan
kets and camp stools, since there
are no permanent seats in the am
phitheater. The regular Sunday
morning service will be held as
usual at 11 o'clock in the Memorial
Church.
The second and final vesper
service scheduled for the summer
season will be held in the Laur
ence Frost Amphitheater next Sun
day at 5 o'clock. The 45-minute
Sunday program will consist of
prayers, congregational singing of
familiar hymns, and a brief ad
dress by the chaplain of the Uni
versity.
An electric organ was installed
and used for the first vesper serv
ice held July 17; however, next
Sunday the University organ in
Memorial Church will be heard
instead.
All persons attending are asked
to bring their own cushions, blan
kets and camp stools, since there
are no permanent seats in the am
phitheater. The regular Sunday
morning service will be held as
usual at 11 o'clock in the Memorial
Church.
The second and final vesper
service scheduled for the summer
season will be held in the Laur
ence Frost Amphitheater next Sun
day at 5 o'clock. The 45-minute
Sunday program will consist of
prayers, congregational singing of
familiar hymns, and a brief ad
dress by the chaplain of the Uni
versity.
An electric organ was installed
and used for the first vesper serv
ice held July 17; however, next
Sunday the University organ in
Memorial Church will be heard
instead.
All persons attending are asked
to bring their own cushions, blan
kets and camp stools, since there
are no permanent seats in the am
phitheater. The regular Sunday
morning service will be held as
usual at 11 o'clock in the Memorial
Church.
The second and final vesper
service scheduled for the summer
season will be held in the Laur
ence Frost Amphitheater next Sun
day at 5 o'clock. The 45-minute
Sunday program will consist of
prayers, congregational singing of
familiar hymns, and a brief ad
dress by the chaplain of the Uni
versity.
An electric organ was installed
and used for the first vesper serv
ice held July 17; however, next
Sunday the University organ in
Memorial Church will be heard
instead.
All persons attending are asked
to bring their own cushions, blan
kets and camp stools, since there
are no permanent seats in the am
phitheater. The regular Sunday
morning service will be held as
usual at 11 o'clock in the Memorial
Church.
The second and final vesper
service scheduled for the summer
season will be held in the Laur
ence Frost Amphitheater next Sun
day at 5 o'clock. The 45-minute
Sunday program will consist of
prayers, congregational singing of
familiar hymns, and a brief ad
dress by the chaplain of the Uni
versity.
An electric organ was installed
and used for the first vesper serv
ice held July 17; however, next
Sunday the University organ in
Memorial Church will be heard
instead.
All persons attending are asked
to bring their own cushions, blan
kets and camp stools, since there
are no permanent seats in the am
phitheater. The regular Sunday
morning service will be held as
usual at 11 o'clock in the Memorial
Church.
The second and final vesper
service scheduled for the summer
season will be held in the Laur
ence Frost Amphitheater next Sun
day at 5 o'clock. The 45-minute
Sunday program will consist of
prayers, congregational singing of
familiar hymns, and a brief ad
dress by the chaplain of the Uni
versity.
An electric organ was installed
and used for the first vesper serv
ice held July 17; however, next
Sunday the University organ in
Memorial Church will be heard
instead.
All persons attending are asked
to bring their own cushions, blan
kets and camp stools, since there
are no permanent seats in the am
phitheater. The regular Sunday
morning service will be held as
usual at 11 o'clock in the Memorial
Church.
The second and final vesper
service scheduled for the summer
season will be held in the Laur
ence Frost Amphitheater next Sun
day at 5 o'clock. The 45-minute
Sunday program will consist of
prayers, congregational singing of
familiar hymns, and a brief ad
dress by the chaplain of the Uni
versity.
An electric organ was installed
and used for the first vesper serv
ice held July 17; however, next
Sunday the University organ in
Memorial Church will be heard
instead.
All persons attending are asked
to bring their own cushions, blan
kets and camp stools, since there
are no permanent seats in the am
phitheater. The regular Sunday
morning service will be held as
usual at 11 o'clock in the Memorial
Church.
The second and final vesper
service scheduled for the summer
season will be held in the Laur
ence Frost Amphitheater next Sun
day at 5 o'clock. The 45-minute
Sunday program will consist of
prayers, congregational singing of
familiar hymns, and a brief ad
dress by the chaplain of the Uni
versity.
An electric organ was installed
and used for the first vesper serv
ice held July 17; however, next
Sunday the University organ in
Memorial Church will be heard
instead.
All persons attending are asked
to bring their own cushions, blan
kets and camp stools, since there
are no permanent seats in the am
phitheater. The regular Sunday
morning service will be held as
usual at 11 o'clock in the Memorial
Church.
The second and final vesper
service scheduled for the summer
season will be held in the Laur
ence Frost Amphitheater next Sun
day at 5 o'clock. The 45-minute
Sunday program will consist of
prayers, congregational singing of
familiar hymns, and a brief ad
dress by the chaplain of the Uni
versity.
An electric organ was installed
and used for the first vesper serv
ice held July 17; however, next
Sunday the University organ in
Memorial Church will be heard
instead.
All persons attending are asked
to bring their own cushions, blan
kets and camp stools, since there
are no permanent seats in the am
phitheater. The regular Sunday
morning service will be held as
usual at 11 o'clock in the Memorial
Church.
The second and final vesper
service scheduled for the summer
season will be held in the Laur
ence Frost Amphitheater next Sun
day at 5 o'clock. The 45-minute
Sunday program will consist of
prayers, congregational singing of
familiar hymns, and a brief ad
dress by the chaplain of the Uni
versity.
An electric organ was installed
and used for the first vesper serv
ice held July 17; however, next
Sunday the University organ in
Memorial Church will be heard
instead.
All persons attending are asked
to bring their own cushions, blan
kets and camp stools, since there
are no permanent seats in the am
phitheater. The regular Sunday
morning service will be held as
usual at 11 o'clock in the Memorial
Church.
The second and final vesper
service scheduled for the summer
season will be held in the Laur
ence Frost Amphitheater next Sun
day at 5 o'clock. The 45-minute
Sunday program will consist of
prayers, congregational singing of
familiar hymns, and a brief ad
dress by the chaplain of the Uni
versity.
An electric organ was installed
and used for the first vesper serv
ice held July 17; however, next
Sunday the University organ in
Memorial Church will be heard
instead.
All persons attending are asked
to bring their own cushions, blan
kets and camp stools, since there
are no permanent seats in the am
phitheater. The regular Sunday
morning service will be held as
usual at 11 o'clock in the Memorial
Church.
The second and final vesper
service scheduled for the summer
season will be held in the Laur
ence Frost Amphitheater next Sun
day at 5 o'clock. The 45-minute
Sunday program will consist of
prayers, congregational singing of
familiar hymns, and a brief ad
dress by the chaplain of the Uni
versity.
An electric organ was installed
and used for the first vesper serv
ice held July 17; however, next
Sunday the University organ in
Memorial Church will be heard
instead.
All persons attending are asked
to bring their own cushions, blan
kets and camp stools, since there
are no permanent seats in the am
phitheater. The regular Sunday
morning service will be held as
usual at 11 o'clock in the Memorial
Church.
The second and final vesper
service scheduled for the summer
season will be held in the Laur
ence Frost Amphitheater next Sun
day at 5 o'clock. The 45-minute
Sunday program will consist of
prayers, congregational singing of
familiar hymns, and a brief ad
dress by the chaplain of the Uni
versity.
An electric organ was installed
and used for the first vesper serv
ice held July 17; however, next
Sunday the University organ in
Memorial Church will be heard
instead.
All persons attending are asked
to bring their own cushions, blan
kets and camp stools, since there
are no permanent seats in the am
phitheater. The regular Sunday
morning service will be held as
usual at 11 o'clock in the Memorial
Church.
The second and final vesper
service scheduled for the summer
season will be held in the Laur
ence Frost Amphitheater next Sun
day at 5 o'clock. The 45-minute
Sunday program will consist of
prayers, congregational singing of
familiar hymns, and a brief ad
dress by the chaplain of the Uni
versity.
An electric organ was installed
and used for the first vesper serv
ice held July 17; however, next
Sunday the University organ in
Memorial Church will be heard
instead.
All persons attending are asked
to bring their own cushions, blan
kets and camp stools, since there
are no permanent seats in the am
phitheater. The regular Sunday
morning service will be held as
usual at 11 o'clock in the Memorial
Church.
The second and final vesper
service scheduled for the summer
season will be held in the Laur
ence Frost Amphitheater next Sun
day at 5 o'clock. The 45-minute
Sunday program will consist of
prayers, congregational singing of
familiar hymns, and a brief ad
dress by the chaplain of the Uni
versity.
An electric organ was installed
and used for the first vesper serv
ice held July 17; however, next
Sunday the University organ in
Memorial Church will be heard
instead.
All persons attending are asked
to bring their own cushions, blan
kets and camp stools, since there
are no permanent seats in the am
phitheater. The regular Sunday
morning service will be held as
usual at 11 o'clock in the Memorial
Church.
