# HOSPITALS
## Employee Problem 
### 
Speaking on the "Fundamentals
of Hospital Organization" at yes
terday morning's seminar of the
Western Institute for Hospital Ad
ministrators, James A. Hamilton of
the City Hospital, Cleveland, Ohio,
cited the need for hospital admin
istrators to make intelligent and
personal contacts with their em
ployees.
"In spite of the comparatively
recent revolutionary changes in la
bor organization, labor disturb
ances are still caused by an accu
mulation of minor grievances rath
er than by major issues. Adminis
trators must establish channels for
the adjustment of employee griev
ances that afford opportunity for
expression and discussion. Only
through mutual understanding can
such grievances be settled in terms
of human justice," he said.
