# Indian Rutgers Draw Bye for This Weekend
## 
### 
'I he Indian ruggers will take a
well - deserve J rest this weekend
alter having chalked up an impres
sive record of four victories, one
tie, ;ind no defeats. There are
two games remaining on the rugby
schedule — one with UCLA next

1' riday and the final game of the
season on March 6 with Cal.
Ihe Bear rugby team opens its
season tomorrow afternoon in Me
morial Stadium against the Univer
sity Club.
'I he Indian ruggers will take a
well - deserve J rest this weekend
alter having chalked up an impres
sive record of four victories, one
tie, ;ind no defeats. There are
two games remaining on the rugby
schedule — one with UCLA next

1' riday and the final game of the
season on March 6 with Cal.
Ihe Bear rugby team opens its
season tomorrow afternoon in Me
morial Stadium against the Univer
sity Club.
'I he Indian ruggers will take a
well - deserve J rest this weekend
alter having chalked up an impres
sive record of four victories, one
tie, ;ind no defeats. There are
two games remaining on the rugby
schedule — one with UCLA next

1' riday and the final game of the
season on March 6 with Cal.
Ihe Bear rugby team opens its
season tomorrow afternoon in Me
morial Stadium against the Univer
sity Club.
'I he Indian ruggers will take a
well - deserve J rest this weekend
alter having chalked up an impres
sive record of four victories, one
tie, ;ind no defeats. There are
two games remaining on the rugby
schedule — one with UCLA next

1' riday and the final game of the
season on March 6 with Cal.
Ihe Bear rugby team opens its
season tomorrow afternoon in Me
morial Stadium against the Univer
sity Club.
'I he Indian ruggers will take a
well - deserve J rest this weekend
alter having chalked up an impres
sive record of four victories, one
tie, ;ind no defeats. There are
two games remaining on the rugby
schedule — one with UCLA next

1' riday and the final game of the
season on March 6 with Cal.
Ihe Bear rugby team opens its
season tomorrow afternoon in Me
morial Stadium against the Univer
sity Club.
'I he Indian ruggers will take a
well - deserve J rest this weekend
alter having chalked up an impres
sive record of four victories, one
tie, ;ind no defeats. There are
two games remaining on the rugby
schedule — one with UCLA next

1' riday and the final game of the
season on March 6 with Cal.
Ihe Bear rugby team opens its
season tomorrow afternoon in Me
morial Stadium against the Univer
sity Club.
'I he Indian ruggers will take a
well - deserve J rest this weekend
alter having chalked up an impres
sive record of four victories, one
tie, ;ind no defeats. There are
two games remaining on the rugby
schedule — one with UCLA next

1' riday and the final game of the
season on March 6 with Cal.
Ihe Bear rugby team opens its
season tomorrow afternoon in Me
morial Stadium against the Univer
sity Club.
'I he Indian ruggers will take a
well - deserve J rest this weekend
alter having chalked up an impres
sive record of four victories, one
tie, ;ind no defeats. There are
two games remaining on the rugby
schedule — one with UCLA next

1' riday and the final game of the
season on March 6 with Cal.
Ihe Bear rugby team opens its
season tomorrow afternoon in Me
morial Stadium against the Univer
sity Club.
'I he Indian ruggers will take a
well - deserve J rest this weekend
alter having chalked up an impres
sive record of four victories, one
tie, ;ind no defeats. There are
two games remaining on the rugby
schedule — one with UCLA next

1' riday and the final game of the
season on March 6 with Cal.
Ihe Bear rugby team opens its
season tomorrow afternoon in Me
morial Stadium against the Univer
sity Club.
'I he Indian ruggers will take a
well - deserve J rest this weekend
alter having chalked up an impres
sive record of four victories, one
tie, ;ind no defeats. There are
two games remaining on the rugby
schedule — one with UCLA next

1' riday and the final game of the
season on March 6 with Cal.
Ihe Bear rugby team opens its
season tomorrow afternoon in Me
morial Stadium against the Univer
sity Club.
'I he Indian ruggers will take a
well - deserve J rest this weekend
alter having chalked up an impres
sive record of four victories, one
tie, ;ind no defeats. There are
two games remaining on the rugby
schedule — one with UCLA next

1' riday and the final game of the
season on March 6 with Cal.
Ihe Bear rugby team opens its
season tomorrow afternoon in Me
morial Stadium against the Univer
sity Club.
'I he Indian ruggers will take a
well - deserve J rest this weekend
alter having chalked up an impres
sive record of four victories, one
tie, ;ind no defeats. There are
two games remaining on the rugby
schedule — one with UCLA next

1' riday and the final game of the
season on March 6 with Cal.
Ihe Bear rugby team opens its
season tomorrow afternoon in Me
morial Stadium against the Univer
sity Club.
'I he Indian ruggers will take a
well - deserve J rest this weekend
alter having chalked up an impres
sive record of four victories, one
tie, ;ind no defeats. There are
two games remaining on the rugby
schedule — one with UCLA next

1' riday and the final game of the
season on March 6 with Cal.
Ihe Bear rugby team opens its
season tomorrow afternoon in Me
morial Stadium against the Univer
sity Club.
'I he Indian ruggers will take a
well - deserve J rest this weekend
alter having chalked up an impres
sive record of four victories, one
tie, ;ind no defeats. There are
two games remaining on the rugby
schedule — one with UCLA next

1' riday and the final game of the
season on March 6 with Cal.
Ihe Bear rugby team opens its
season tomorrow afternoon in Me
morial Stadium against the Univer
sity Club.
'I he Indian ruggers will take a
well - deserve J rest this weekend
alter having chalked up an impres
sive record of four victories, one
tie, ;ind no defeats. There are
two games remaining on the rugby
schedule — one with UCLA next

1' riday and the final game of the
season on March 6 with Cal.
Ihe Bear rugby team opens its
season tomorrow afternoon in Me
morial Stadium against the Univer
sity Club.
