# Library Displays British Posters
## 
### 
This week's library exhibit takes
its observers on an imaginary trip
to England.
The British Travel Association
has presented the Stanford Library
with a series of travel posters. The
photographs which make up the
posters show many scenes of the
beautiful English countryside. City
scenes include a fourteenth century
guildhall, Oxford Univerity, and
the well-preserved remains of an
old Roman bath. Other posters
show the famous White Cliffs of
Dover, and historic castles perched
high on rocky hilltops overlooking
the sea.
The posters will be placed in the
Transportation Library alter Feb.
27.
An exhibit in honor of Founders'
Day, March 9, is also being dis
played in the library. It includes
photographs of Stanford's five pres
idents, as well as Mr. and Mrs. Le
land Stanford and David Starr Jor
dan. delivering the opening day
addressfl
This week's library exhibit takes
its observers on an imaginary trip
to England.
The British Travel Association
has presented the Stanford Library
with a series of travel posters. The
photographs which make up the
posters show many scenes of the
beautiful English countryside. City
scenes include a fourteenth century
guildhall, Oxford Univerity, and
the well-preserved remains of an
old Roman bath. Other posters
show the famous White Cliffs of
Dover, and historic castles perched
high on rocky hilltops overlooking
the sea.
The posters will be placed in the
Transportation Library alter Feb.
27.
An exhibit in honor of Founders'
Day, March 9, is also being dis
played in the library. It includes
photographs of Stanford's five pres
idents, as well as Mr. and Mrs. Le
land Stanford and David Starr Jor
dan. delivering the opening day
addressfl
This week's library exhibit takes
its observers on an imaginary trip
to England.
The British Travel Association
has presented the Stanford Library
with a series of travel posters. The
photographs which make up the
posters show many scenes of the
beautiful English countryside. City
scenes include a fourteenth century
guildhall, Oxford Univerity, and
the well-preserved remains of an
old Roman bath. Other posters
show the famous White Cliffs of
Dover, and historic castles perched
high on rocky hilltops overlooking
the sea.
The posters will be placed in the
Transportation Library alter Feb.
27.
An exhibit in honor of Founders'
Day, March 9, is also being dis
played in the library. It includes
photographs of Stanford's five pres
idents, as well as Mr. and Mrs. Le
land Stanford and David Starr Jor
dan. delivering the opening day
addressfl
This week's library exhibit takes
its observers on an imaginary trip
to England.
The British Travel Association
has presented the Stanford Library
with a series of travel posters. The
photographs which make up the
posters show many scenes of the
beautiful English countryside. City
scenes include a fourteenth century
guildhall, Oxford Univerity, and
the well-preserved remains of an
old Roman bath. Other posters
show the famous White Cliffs of
Dover, and historic castles perched
high on rocky hilltops overlooking
the sea.
The posters will be placed in the
Transportation Library alter Feb.
27.
An exhibit in honor of Founders'
Day, March 9, is also being dis
played in the library. It includes
photographs of Stanford's five pres
idents, as well as Mr. and Mrs. Le
land Stanford and David Starr Jor
dan. delivering the opening day
addressfl
This week's library exhibit takes
its observers on an imaginary trip
to England.
The British Travel Association
has presented the Stanford Library
with a series of travel posters. The
photographs which make up the
posters show many scenes of the
beautiful English countryside. City
scenes include a fourteenth century
guildhall, Oxford Univerity, and
the well-preserved remains of an
old Roman bath. Other posters
show the famous White Cliffs of
Dover, and historic castles perched
high on rocky hilltops overlooking
the sea.
The posters will be placed in the
Transportation Library alter Feb.
27.
An exhibit in honor of Founders'
Day, March 9, is also being dis
played in the library. It includes
photographs of Stanford's five pres
idents, as well as Mr. and Mrs. Le
land Stanford and David Starr Jor
dan. delivering the opening day
addressfl
This week's library exhibit takes
its observers on an imaginary trip
to England.
The British Travel Association
has presented the Stanford Library
with a series of travel posters. The
photographs which make up the
posters show many scenes of the
beautiful English countryside. City
scenes include a fourteenth century
guildhall, Oxford Univerity, and
the well-preserved remains of an
old Roman bath. Other posters
show the famous White Cliffs of
Dover, and historic castles perched
high on rocky hilltops overlooking
the sea.
The posters will be placed in the
Transportation Library alter Feb.
27.
An exhibit in honor of Founders'
Day, March 9, is also being dis
played in the library. It includes
photographs of Stanford's five pres
idents, as well as Mr. and Mrs. Le
land Stanford and David Starr Jor
dan. delivering the opening day
addressfl
This week's library exhibit takes
its observers on an imaginary trip
to England.
The British Travel Association
has presented the Stanford Library
with a series of travel posters. The
photographs which make up the
posters show many scenes of the
beautiful English countryside. City
scenes include a fourteenth century
guildhall, Oxford Univerity, and
the well-preserved remains of an
old Roman bath. Other posters
show the famous White Cliffs of
Dover, and historic castles perched
high on rocky hilltops overlooking
the sea.
The posters will be placed in the
Transportation Library alter Feb.
27.
An exhibit in honor of Founders'
Day, March 9, is also being dis
played in the library. It includes
photographs of Stanford's five pres
idents, as well as Mr. and Mrs. Le
land Stanford and David Starr Jor
dan. delivering the opening day
addressfl
This week's library exhibit takes
its observers on an imaginary trip
to England.
The British Travel Association
has presented the Stanford Library
with a series of travel posters. The
photographs which make up the
posters show many scenes of the
beautiful English countryside. City
scenes include a fourteenth century
guildhall, Oxford Univerity, and
the well-preserved remains of an
old Roman bath. Other posters
show the famous White Cliffs of
Dover, and historic castles perched
high on rocky hilltops overlooking
the sea.
The posters will be placed in the
Transportation Library alter Feb.
27.
An exhibit in honor of Founders'
Day, March 9, is also being dis
played in the library. It includes
photographs of Stanford's five pres
idents, as well as Mr. and Mrs. Le
land Stanford and David Starr Jor
dan. delivering the opening day
addressfl
This week's library exhibit takes
its observers on an imaginary trip
to England.
The British Travel Association
has presented the Stanford Library
with a series of travel posters. The
photographs which make up the
posters show many scenes of the
beautiful English countryside. City
scenes include a fourteenth century
guildhall, Oxford Univerity, and
the well-preserved remains of an
old Roman bath. Other posters
show the famous White Cliffs of
Dover, and historic castles perched
high on rocky hilltops overlooking
the sea.
The posters will be placed in the
Transportation Library alter Feb.
27.
An exhibit in honor of Founders'
Day, March 9, is also being dis
played in the library. It includes
photographs of Stanford's five pres
idents, as well as Mr. and Mrs. Le
land Stanford and David Starr Jor
dan. delivering the opening day
addressfl
This week's library exhibit takes
its observers on an imaginary trip
to England.
The British Travel Association
has presented the Stanford Library
with a series of travel posters. The
photographs which make up the
posters show many scenes of the
beautiful English countryside. City
scenes include a fourteenth century
guildhall, Oxford Univerity, and
the well-preserved remains of an
old Roman bath. Other posters
show the famous White Cliffs of
Dover, and historic castles perched
high on rocky hilltops overlooking
the sea.
The posters will be placed in the
Transportation Library alter Feb.
27.
An exhibit in honor of Founders'
Day, March 9, is also being dis
played in the library. It includes
photographs of Stanford's five pres
idents, as well as Mr. and Mrs. Le
land Stanford and David Starr Jor
dan. delivering the opening day
addressfl
This week's library exhibit takes
its observers on an imaginary trip
to England.
The British Travel Association
has presented the Stanford Library
with a series of travel posters. The
photographs which make up the
posters show many scenes of the
beautiful English countryside. City
scenes include a fourteenth century
guildhall, Oxford Univerity, and
the well-preserved remains of an
old Roman bath. Other posters
show the famous White Cliffs of
Dover, and historic castles perched
high on rocky hilltops overlooking
the sea.
The posters will be placed in the
Transportation Library alter Feb.
27.
An exhibit in honor of Founders'
Day, March 9, is also being dis
played in the library. It includes
photographs of Stanford's five pres
idents, as well as Mr. and Mrs. Le
land Stanford and David Starr Jor
dan. delivering the opening day
addressfl
This week's library exhibit takes
its observers on an imaginary trip
to England.
The British Travel Association
has presented the Stanford Library
with a series of travel posters. The
photographs which make up the
posters show many scenes of the
beautiful English countryside. City
scenes include a fourteenth century
guildhall, Oxford Univerity, and
the well-preserved remains of an
old Roman bath. Other posters
show the famous White Cliffs of
Dover, and historic castles perched
high on rocky hilltops overlooking
the sea.
The posters will be placed in the
Transportation Library alter Feb.
27.
An exhibit in honor of Founders'
Day, March 9, is also being dis
played in the library. It includes
photographs of Stanford's five pres
idents, as well as Mr. and Mrs. Le
land Stanford and David Starr Jor
dan. delivering the opening day
addressfl
This week's library exhibit takes
its observers on an imaginary trip
to England.
The British Travel Association
has presented the Stanford Library
with a series of travel posters. The
photographs which make up the
posters show many scenes of the
beautiful English countryside. City
scenes include a fourteenth century
guildhall, Oxford Univerity, and
the well-preserved remains of an
old Roman bath. Other posters
show the famous White Cliffs of
Dover, and historic castles perched
high on rocky hilltops overlooking
the sea.
The posters will be placed in the
Transportation Library alter Feb.
27.
An exhibit in honor of Founders'
Day, March 9, is also being dis
played in the library. It includes
photographs of Stanford's five pres
idents, as well as Mr. and Mrs. Le
land Stanford and David Starr Jor
dan. delivering the opening day
addressfl
This week's library exhibit takes
its observers on an imaginary trip
to England.
The British Travel Association
has presented the Stanford Library
with a series of travel posters. The
photographs which make up the
posters show many scenes of the
beautiful English countryside. City
scenes include a fourteenth century
guildhall, Oxford Univerity, and
the well-preserved remains of an
old Roman bath. Other posters
show the famous White Cliffs of
Dover, and historic castles perched
high on rocky hilltops overlooking
the sea.
The posters will be placed in the
Transportation Library alter Feb.
27.
An exhibit in honor of Founders'
Day, March 9, is also being dis
played in the library. It includes
photographs of Stanford's five pres
idents, as well as Mr. and Mrs. Le
land Stanford and David Starr Jor
dan. delivering the opening day
addressfl
This week's library exhibit takes
its observers on an imaginary trip
to England.
The British Travel Association
has presented the Stanford Library
with a series of travel posters. The
photographs which make up the
posters show many scenes of the
beautiful English countryside. City
scenes include a fourteenth century
guildhall, Oxford Univerity, and
the well-preserved remains of an
old Roman bath. Other posters
show the famous White Cliffs of
Dover, and historic castles perched
high on rocky hilltops overlooking
the sea.
The posters will be placed in the
Transportation Library alter Feb.
27.
An exhibit in honor of Founders'
Day, March 9, is also being dis
played in the library. It includes
photographs of Stanford's five pres
idents, as well as Mr. and Mrs. Le
land Stanford and David Starr Jor
dan. delivering the opening day
addressfl
