# BETA PLEDGE
## 
### 
Beta Theta Pi announces th
pledging of James White, "3G.
Beta Theta Pi announces th
pledging of James White, "3G.
Beta Theta Pi announces th
pledging of James White, "3G.
Beta Theta Pi announces th
pledging of James White, "3G.
Beta Theta Pi announces th
pledging of James White, "3G.
Beta Theta Pi announces th
pledging of James White, "3G.
Beta Theta Pi announces th
pledging of James White, "3G.
Beta Theta Pi announces th
pledging of James White, "3G.
Beta Theta Pi announces th
pledging of James White, "3G.
Beta Theta Pi announces th
pledging of James White, "3G.
Beta Theta Pi announces th
pledging of James White, "3G.
Beta Theta Pi announces th
pledging of James White, "3G.
Beta Theta Pi announces th
pledging of James White, "3G.
Beta Theta Pi announces th
pledging of James White, "3G.
Beta Theta Pi announces th
pledging of James White, "3G.
