# DENTIST BILL PASSED
## 
### 
SACRAMENTO, April 2 (/P).—A j
last-minute compromise today re- j
suited in the passage by the assem
bly, without debate, of the Cronin
bill designed to restrict advertising
by California dentists. The vote was
73 to* 3.
SACRAMENTO, April 2 (/P).—A j
last-minute compromise today re- j
suited in the passage by the assem
bly, without debate, of the Cronin
bill designed to restrict advertising
by California dentists. The vote was
73 to* 3.
SACRAMENTO, April 2 (/P).—A j
last-minute compromise today re- j
suited in the passage by the assem
bly, without debate, of the Cronin
bill designed to restrict advertising
by California dentists. The vote was
73 to* 3.
SACRAMENTO, April 2 (/P).—A j
last-minute compromise today re- j
suited in the passage by the assem
bly, without debate, of the Cronin
bill designed to restrict advertising
by California dentists. The vote was
73 to* 3.
SACRAMENTO, April 2 (/P).—A j
last-minute compromise today re- j
suited in the passage by the assem
bly, without debate, of the Cronin
bill designed to restrict advertising
by California dentists. The vote was
73 to* 3.
SACRAMENTO, April 2 (/P).—A j
last-minute compromise today re- j
suited in the passage by the assem
bly, without debate, of the Cronin
bill designed to restrict advertising
by California dentists. The vote was
73 to* 3.
SACRAMENTO, April 2 (/P).—A j
last-minute compromise today re- j
suited in the passage by the assem
bly, without debate, of the Cronin
bill designed to restrict advertising
by California dentists. The vote was
73 to* 3.
SACRAMENTO, April 2 (/P).—A j
last-minute compromise today re- j
suited in the passage by the assem
bly, without debate, of the Cronin
bill designed to restrict advertising
by California dentists. The vote was
73 to* 3.
SACRAMENTO, April 2 (/P).—A j
last-minute compromise today re- j
suited in the passage by the assem
bly, without debate, of the Cronin
bill designed to restrict advertising
by California dentists. The vote was
73 to* 3.
SACRAMENTO, April 2 (/P).—A j
last-minute compromise today re- j
suited in the passage by the assem
bly, without debate, of the Cronin
bill designed to restrict advertising
by California dentists. The vote was
73 to* 3.
SACRAMENTO, April 2 (/P).—A j
last-minute compromise today re- j
suited in the passage by the assem
bly, without debate, of the Cronin
bill designed to restrict advertising
by California dentists. The vote was
73 to* 3.
SACRAMENTO, April 2 (/P).—A j
last-minute compromise today re- j
suited in the passage by the assem
bly, without debate, of the Cronin
bill designed to restrict advertising
by California dentists. The vote was
73 to* 3.
SACRAMENTO, April 2 (/P).—A j
last-minute compromise today re- j
suited in the passage by the assem
bly, without debate, of the Cronin
bill designed to restrict advertising
by California dentists. The vote was
73 to* 3.
SACRAMENTO, April 2 (/P).—A j
last-minute compromise today re- j
suited in the passage by the assem
bly, without debate, of the Cronin
bill designed to restrict advertising
by California dentists. The vote was
73 to* 3.
SACRAMENTO, April 2 (/P).—A j
last-minute compromise today re- j
suited in the passage by the assem
bly, without debate, of the Cronin
bill designed to restrict advertising
by California dentists. The vote was
73 to* 3.
