# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Persons interested in be
coming regular Daily Col
umnists for Volume 175
should submit one sample
column by Friday, Jan. 26.
To be columnists people
must want to write interest
ing and discussion
provoking columns on
whatever they feel are im
portant topics and prob
lems of today, and also to
present viewpoints of di
verse campus groups. Vou
don't have to be a student to
be a columnist â€” just a
good writer.
Please type all contribu
tion double spaced on a 57-
character line. Please in
clude your phone number
in case we have to reach
you. Bring or send columns
to: Opinions, The Stanford
Daily, Storke Student Publi
cations Building, Stanford,
CA 94305. The Daily regrets
that submitted columns can
not be returned.
