# Botanical Gardens Will Have New Plant Species
## 
### 
Plans for the setting out of a new
plant species in the University botan
ical gardens are now being made by
Professor L. L. Burlingame, of the
Botany department.
This new plant will be a variety of
verbena. Because of its unusual nu
clear structure it will be of consider
able aid to the department in its study
of heredity, Professor Burlingame said.
Plans for the setting out of a new
plant species in the University botan
ical gardens are now being made by
Professor L. L. Burlingame, of the
Botany department.
This new plant will be a variety of
verbena. Because of its unusual nu
clear structure it will be of consider
able aid to the department in its study
of heredity, Professor Burlingame said.
Plans for the setting out of a new
plant species in the University botan
ical gardens are now being made by
Professor L. L. Burlingame, of the
Botany department.
This new plant will be a variety of
verbena. Because of its unusual nu
clear structure it will be of consider
able aid to the department in its study
of heredity, Professor Burlingame said.
Plans for the setting out of a new
plant species in the University botan
ical gardens are now being made by
Professor L. L. Burlingame, of the
Botany department.
This new plant will be a variety of
verbena. Because of its unusual nu
clear structure it will be of consider
able aid to the department in its study
of heredity, Professor Burlingame said.
Plans for the setting out of a new
plant species in the University botan
ical gardens are now being made by
Professor L. L. Burlingame, of the
Botany department.
This new plant will be a variety of
verbena. Because of its unusual nu
clear structure it will be of consider
able aid to the department in its study
of heredity, Professor Burlingame said.
Plans for the setting out of a new
plant species in the University botan
ical gardens are now being made by
Professor L. L. Burlingame, of the
Botany department.
This new plant will be a variety of
verbena. Because of its unusual nu
clear structure it will be of consider
able aid to the department in its study
of heredity, Professor Burlingame said.
Plans for the setting out of a new
plant species in the University botan
ical gardens are now being made by
Professor L. L. Burlingame, of the
Botany department.
This new plant will be a variety of
verbena. Because of its unusual nu
clear structure it will be of consider
able aid to the department in its study
of heredity, Professor Burlingame said.
Plans for the setting out of a new
plant species in the University botan
ical gardens are now being made by
Professor L. L. Burlingame, of the
Botany department.
This new plant will be a variety of
verbena. Because of its unusual nu
clear structure it will be of consider
able aid to the department in its study
of heredity, Professor Burlingame said.
Plans for the setting out of a new
plant species in the University botan
ical gardens are now being made by
Professor L. L. Burlingame, of the
Botany department.
This new plant will be a variety of
verbena. Because of its unusual nu
clear structure it will be of consider
able aid to the department in its study
of heredity, Professor Burlingame said.
Plans for the setting out of a new
plant species in the University botan
ical gardens are now being made by
Professor L. L. Burlingame, of the
Botany department.
This new plant will be a variety of
verbena. Because of its unusual nu
clear structure it will be of consider
able aid to the department in its study
of heredity, Professor Burlingame said.
Plans for the setting out of a new
plant species in the University botan
ical gardens are now being made by
Professor L. L. Burlingame, of the
Botany department.
This new plant will be a variety of
verbena. Because of its unusual nu
clear structure it will be of consider
able aid to the department in its study
of heredity, Professor Burlingame said.
Plans for the setting out of a new
plant species in the University botan
ical gardens are now being made by
Professor L. L. Burlingame, of the
Botany department.
This new plant will be a variety of
verbena. Because of its unusual nu
clear structure it will be of consider
able aid to the department in its study
of heredity, Professor Burlingame said.
Plans for the setting out of a new
plant species in the University botan
ical gardens are now being made by
Professor L. L. Burlingame, of the
Botany department.
This new plant will be a variety of
verbena. Because of its unusual nu
clear structure it will be of consider
able aid to the department in its study
of heredity, Professor Burlingame said.
Plans for the setting out of a new
plant species in the University botan
ical gardens are now being made by
Professor L. L. Burlingame, of the
Botany department.
This new plant will be a variety of
verbena. Because of its unusual nu
clear structure it will be of consider
able aid to the department in its study
of heredity, Professor Burlingame said.
Plans for the setting out of a new
plant species in the University botan
ical gardens are now being made by
Professor L. L. Burlingame, of the
Botany department.
This new plant will be a variety of
verbena. Because of its unusual nu
clear structure it will be of consider
able aid to the department in its study
of heredity, Professor Burlingame said.
