# Expressionist Set Designed
## 
### CAM RYALL 
Stage, setting in "Goat Song," de
signed by Wendell Cole, will consist
of an expressionistic space set in
contrast to the realistic and roman
tic sets used in the original Theatre
Guild production.
A similar type of setting, in this
case thirty feet high and fifty feet
wide, was experimented with by the
Russian theatres in the 1920 s. How
ever they have not been worked on
much in the United States. Mr.
Cole's set is especially applicable
to the fast moving mob scenes in
the third and fourth acts.
The set is expressionistic in that
the stage is proportioned off to rep
resent the poor (the lower levels),
the wealthy (the higher platforms),
and the temple (the highest peak).
Particular attention has been paid
to the costumes atid to the lighting
in the Stanford production of Franz
Werfcl's play. Color and lines were
designed to blend in with the set.
The technique of painting takes the
form of modern, unrealistic abstrac
tion.
Tickets for the show to be pre
sented May *30, 31, and June 1 may
be purchased for 90 cents in room
202 of the Memorial Auditorium.
