# PRESS AGREEMENT MADE
## 
### 
Negotiations b-'tween the Stanford
University Press and employees
have resulted in a mutually satis
factory agreement providing an in
crease in wages and retention of
present conditions of employment,
Donald P. Bean, director of the
Press, announced today.
Negotiations b-'tween the Stanford
University Press and employees
have resulted in a mutually satis
factory agreement providing an in
crease in wages and retention of
present conditions of employment,
Donald P. Bean, director of the
Press, announced today.
Negotiations b-'tween the Stanford
University Press and employees
have resulted in a mutually satis
factory agreement providing an in
crease in wages and retention of
present conditions of employment,
Donald P. Bean, director of the
Press, announced today.
Negotiations b-'tween the Stanford
University Press and employees
have resulted in a mutually satis
factory agreement providing an in
crease in wages and retention of
present conditions of employment,
Donald P. Bean, director of the
Press, announced today.
Negotiations b-'tween the Stanford
University Press and employees
have resulted in a mutually satis
factory agreement providing an in
crease in wages and retention of
present conditions of employment,
Donald P. Bean, director of the
Press, announced today.
Negotiations b-'tween the Stanford
University Press and employees
have resulted in a mutually satis
factory agreement providing an in
crease in wages and retention of
present conditions of employment,
Donald P. Bean, director of the
Press, announced today.
Negotiations b-'tween the Stanford
University Press and employees
have resulted in a mutually satis
factory agreement providing an in
crease in wages and retention of
present conditions of employment,
Donald P. Bean, director of the
Press, announced today.
Negotiations b-'tween the Stanford
University Press and employees
have resulted in a mutually satis
factory agreement providing an in
crease in wages and retention of
present conditions of employment,
Donald P. Bean, director of the
Press, announced today.
Negotiations b-'tween the Stanford
University Press and employees
have resulted in a mutually satis
factory agreement providing an in
crease in wages and retention of
present conditions of employment,
Donald P. Bean, director of the
Press, announced today.
Negotiations b-'tween the Stanford
University Press and employees
have resulted in a mutually satis
factory agreement providing an in
crease in wages and retention of
present conditions of employment,
Donald P. Bean, director of the
Press, announced today.
Negotiations b-'tween the Stanford
University Press and employees
have resulted in a mutually satis
factory agreement providing an in
crease in wages and retention of
present conditions of employment,
Donald P. Bean, director of the
Press, announced today.
Negotiations b-'tween the Stanford
University Press and employees
have resulted in a mutually satis
factory agreement providing an in
crease in wages and retention of
present conditions of employment,
Donald P. Bean, director of the
Press, announced today.
Negotiations b-'tween the Stanford
University Press and employees
have resulted in a mutually satis
factory agreement providing an in
crease in wages and retention of
present conditions of employment,
Donald P. Bean, director of the
Press, announced today.
Negotiations b-'tween the Stanford
University Press and employees
have resulted in a mutually satis
factory agreement providing an in
crease in wages and retention of
present conditions of employment,
Donald P. Bean, director of the
Press, announced today.
Negotiations b-'tween the Stanford
University Press and employees
have resulted in a mutually satis
factory agreement providing an in
crease in wages and retention of
present conditions of employment,
Donald P. Bean, director of the
Press, announced today.
