# LAST DAILY FRIDAY
## 
### 
This quarter's last issue of The
Daily will appear on Friday. Any
one wishing to insert news before
that time may contact Lisa Ebberts,
managing editor, at the Daily Shack
This quarter's last issue of The
Daily will appear on Friday. Any
one wishing to insert news before
that time may contact Lisa Ebberts,
managing editor, at the Daily Shack
This quarter's last issue of The
Daily will appear on Friday. Any
one wishing to insert news before
that time may contact Lisa Ebberts,
managing editor, at the Daily Shack
This quarter's last issue of The
Daily will appear on Friday. Any
one wishing to insert news before
that time may contact Lisa Ebberts,
managing editor, at the Daily Shack
This quarter's last issue of The
Daily will appear on Friday. Any
one wishing to insert news before
that time may contact Lisa Ebberts,
managing editor, at the Daily Shack
This quarter's last issue of The
Daily will appear on Friday. Any
one wishing to insert news before
that time may contact Lisa Ebberts,
managing editor, at the Daily Shack
This quarter's last issue of The
Daily will appear on Friday. Any
one wishing to insert news before
that time may contact Lisa Ebberts,
managing editor, at the Daily Shack
This quarter's last issue of The
Daily will appear on Friday. Any
one wishing to insert news before
that time may contact Lisa Ebberts,
managing editor, at the Daily Shack
This quarter's last issue of The
Daily will appear on Friday. Any
one wishing to insert news before
that time may contact Lisa Ebberts,
managing editor, at the Daily Shack
This quarter's last issue of The
Daily will appear on Friday. Any
one wishing to insert news before
that time may contact Lisa Ebberts,
managing editor, at the Daily Shack
This quarter's last issue of The
Daily will appear on Friday. Any
one wishing to insert news before
that time may contact Lisa Ebberts,
managing editor, at the Daily Shack
This quarter's last issue of The
Daily will appear on Friday. Any
one wishing to insert news before
that time may contact Lisa Ebberts,
managing editor, at the Daily Shack
This quarter's last issue of The
Daily will appear on Friday. Any
one wishing to insert news before
that time may contact Lisa Ebberts,
managing editor, at the Daily Shack
This quarter's last issue of The
Daily will appear on Friday. Any
one wishing to insert news before
that time may contact Lisa Ebberts,
managing editor, at the Daily Shack
This quarter's last issue of The
Daily will appear on Friday. Any
one wishing to insert news before
that time may contact Lisa Ebberts,
managing editor, at the Daily Shack
