# Hanna to Address Fellowship Group
## 
### 
Jay Hanna will speak to the Stan
ford Christian Fellowship tonight at
7 p.m. on the subject, "Methods of
Bible Study." Hanna has been an
assistant pastor at two churches and
the leader of several Bible study
classes.
Officers for the nondenominational
club were recently elected to serve
next year. Bill Savage, returning
veteran who is a member of the golf
team and Chapel Board, was voted
president; Thea Kreyenhagen is
secretary-treasurer, and Ruth Suth
erland is chairman of the daily
prayer meetings held in the Chapel.
Jay Hanna will speak to the Stan
ford Christian Fellowship tonight at
7 p.m. on the subject, "Methods of
Bible Study." Hanna has been an
assistant pastor at two churches and
the leader of several Bible study
classes.
Officers for the nondenominational
club were recently elected to serve
next year. Bill Savage, returning
veteran who is a member of the golf
team and Chapel Board, was voted
president; Thea Kreyenhagen is
secretary-treasurer, and Ruth Suth
erland is chairman of the daily
prayer meetings held in the Chapel.
Jay Hanna will speak to the Stan
ford Christian Fellowship tonight at
7 p.m. on the subject, "Methods of
Bible Study." Hanna has been an
assistant pastor at two churches and
the leader of several Bible study
classes.
Officers for the nondenominational
club were recently elected to serve
next year. Bill Savage, returning
veteran who is a member of the golf
team and Chapel Board, was voted
president; Thea Kreyenhagen is
secretary-treasurer, and Ruth Suth
erland is chairman of the daily
prayer meetings held in the Chapel.
Jay Hanna will speak to the Stan
ford Christian Fellowship tonight at
7 p.m. on the subject, "Methods of
Bible Study." Hanna has been an
assistant pastor at two churches and
the leader of several Bible study
classes.
Officers for the nondenominational
club were recently elected to serve
next year. Bill Savage, returning
veteran who is a member of the golf
team and Chapel Board, was voted
president; Thea Kreyenhagen is
secretary-treasurer, and Ruth Suth
erland is chairman of the daily
prayer meetings held in the Chapel.
Jay Hanna will speak to the Stan
ford Christian Fellowship tonight at
7 p.m. on the subject, "Methods of
Bible Study." Hanna has been an
assistant pastor at two churches and
the leader of several Bible study
classes.
Officers for the nondenominational
club were recently elected to serve
next year. Bill Savage, returning
veteran who is a member of the golf
team and Chapel Board, was voted
president; Thea Kreyenhagen is
secretary-treasurer, and Ruth Suth
erland is chairman of the daily
prayer meetings held in the Chapel.
Jay Hanna will speak to the Stan
ford Christian Fellowship tonight at
7 p.m. on the subject, "Methods of
Bible Study." Hanna has been an
assistant pastor at two churches and
the leader of several Bible study
classes.
Officers for the nondenominational
club were recently elected to serve
next year. Bill Savage, returning
veteran who is a member of the golf
team and Chapel Board, was voted
president; Thea Kreyenhagen is
secretary-treasurer, and Ruth Suth
erland is chairman of the daily
prayer meetings held in the Chapel.
Jay Hanna will speak to the Stan
ford Christian Fellowship tonight at
7 p.m. on the subject, "Methods of
Bible Study." Hanna has been an
assistant pastor at two churches and
the leader of several Bible study
classes.
Officers for the nondenominational
club were recently elected to serve
next year. Bill Savage, returning
veteran who is a member of the golf
team and Chapel Board, was voted
president; Thea Kreyenhagen is
secretary-treasurer, and Ruth Suth
erland is chairman of the daily
prayer meetings held in the Chapel.
Jay Hanna will speak to the Stan
ford Christian Fellowship tonight at
7 p.m. on the subject, "Methods of
Bible Study." Hanna has been an
assistant pastor at two churches and
the leader of several Bible study
classes.
Officers for the nondenominational
club were recently elected to serve
next year. Bill Savage, returning
veteran who is a member of the golf
team and Chapel Board, was voted
president; Thea Kreyenhagen is
secretary-treasurer, and Ruth Suth
erland is chairman of the daily
prayer meetings held in the Chapel.
Jay Hanna will speak to the Stan
ford Christian Fellowship tonight at
7 p.m. on the subject, "Methods of
Bible Study." Hanna has been an
assistant pastor at two churches and
the leader of several Bible study
classes.
Officers for the nondenominational
club were recently elected to serve
next year. Bill Savage, returning
veteran who is a member of the golf
team and Chapel Board, was voted
president; Thea Kreyenhagen is
secretary-treasurer, and Ruth Suth
erland is chairman of the daily
prayer meetings held in the Chapel.
Jay Hanna will speak to the Stan
ford Christian Fellowship tonight at
7 p.m. on the subject, "Methods of
Bible Study." Hanna has been an
assistant pastor at two churches and
the leader of several Bible study
classes.
Officers for the nondenominational
club were recently elected to serve
next year. Bill Savage, returning
veteran who is a member of the golf
team and Chapel Board, was voted
president; Thea Kreyenhagen is
secretary-treasurer, and Ruth Suth
erland is chairman of the daily
prayer meetings held in the Chapel.
Jay Hanna will speak to the Stan
ford Christian Fellowship tonight at
7 p.m. on the subject, "Methods of
Bible Study." Hanna has been an
assistant pastor at two churches and
the leader of several Bible study
classes.
Officers for the nondenominational
club were recently elected to serve
next year. Bill Savage, returning
veteran who is a member of the golf
team and Chapel Board, was voted
president; Thea Kreyenhagen is
secretary-treasurer, and Ruth Suth
erland is chairman of the daily
prayer meetings held in the Chapel.
Jay Hanna will speak to the Stan
ford Christian Fellowship tonight at
7 p.m. on the subject, "Methods of
Bible Study." Hanna has been an
assistant pastor at two churches and
the leader of several Bible study
classes.
Officers for the nondenominational
club were recently elected to serve
next year. Bill Savage, returning
veteran who is a member of the golf
team and Chapel Board, was voted
president; Thea Kreyenhagen is
secretary-treasurer, and Ruth Suth
erland is chairman of the daily
prayer meetings held in the Chapel.
Jay Hanna will speak to the Stan
ford Christian Fellowship tonight at
7 p.m. on the subject, "Methods of
Bible Study." Hanna has been an
assistant pastor at two churches and
the leader of several Bible study
classes.
Officers for the nondenominational
club were recently elected to serve
next year. Bill Savage, returning
veteran who is a member of the golf
team and Chapel Board, was voted
president; Thea Kreyenhagen is
secretary-treasurer, and Ruth Suth
erland is chairman of the daily
prayer meetings held in the Chapel.
Jay Hanna will speak to the Stan
ford Christian Fellowship tonight at
7 p.m. on the subject, "Methods of
Bible Study." Hanna has been an
assistant pastor at two churches and
the leader of several Bible study
classes.
Officers for the nondenominational
club were recently elected to serve
next year. Bill Savage, returning
veteran who is a member of the golf
team and Chapel Board, was voted
president; Thea Kreyenhagen is
secretary-treasurer, and Ruth Suth
erland is chairman of the daily
prayer meetings held in the Chapel.
Jay Hanna will speak to the Stan
ford Christian Fellowship tonight at
7 p.m. on the subject, "Methods of
Bible Study." Hanna has been an
assistant pastor at two churches and
the leader of several Bible study
classes.
Officers for the nondenominational
club were recently elected to serve
next year. Bill Savage, returning
veteran who is a member of the golf
team and Chapel Board, was voted
president; Thea Kreyenhagen is
secretary-treasurer, and Ruth Suth
erland is chairman of the daily
prayer meetings held in the Chapel.
