# Chinese Students Get Scholarships
## 
### 
1
Seven Stanford students have re
ceived the Chinese Cultural Schol
arship of $1,500 for next year. They
are Glen W. Baxter, George W.
Seidl, Stanley Shpetner, Nancy C.
Kendall, Allen Spitzer, Alan M.
Sloane, and Mary Frances Hazelton.
The scholarships are provisional
until approved by the Chinese gov
ernment. In order to be eligible, a
student must have had at least one
year's study of subjects relating to
China. After receiving the scholar
ship, the student must take ten
hours of subjects pertaining to
China.
Chinese Cultural Scholarships are
open to all studnets except those of
Chinese nationality. Further infor
mation may be obtained from the
secretary of the Pacific, Asiatic and
Russian program.
1
Seven Stanford students have re
ceived the Chinese Cultural Schol
arship of $1,500 for next year. They
are Glen W. Baxter, George W.
Seidl, Stanley Shpetner, Nancy C.
Kendall, Allen Spitzer, Alan M.
Sloane, and Mary Frances Hazelton.
The scholarships are provisional
until approved by the Chinese gov
ernment. In order to be eligible, a
student must have had at least one
year's study of subjects relating to
China. After receiving the scholar
ship, the student must take ten
hours of subjects pertaining to
China.
Chinese Cultural Scholarships are
open to all studnets except those of
Chinese nationality. Further infor
mation may be obtained from the
secretary of the Pacific, Asiatic and
Russian program.
1
Seven Stanford students have re
ceived the Chinese Cultural Schol
arship of $1,500 for next year. They
are Glen W. Baxter, George W.
Seidl, Stanley Shpetner, Nancy C.
Kendall, Allen Spitzer, Alan M.
Sloane, and Mary Frances Hazelton.
The scholarships are provisional
until approved by the Chinese gov
ernment. In order to be eligible, a
student must have had at least one
year's study of subjects relating to
China. After receiving the scholar
ship, the student must take ten
hours of subjects pertaining to
China.
Chinese Cultural Scholarships are
open to all studnets except those of
Chinese nationality. Further infor
mation may be obtained from the
secretary of the Pacific, Asiatic and
Russian program.
1
Seven Stanford students have re
ceived the Chinese Cultural Schol
arship of $1,500 for next year. They
are Glen W. Baxter, George W.
Seidl, Stanley Shpetner, Nancy C.
Kendall, Allen Spitzer, Alan M.
Sloane, and Mary Frances Hazelton.
The scholarships are provisional
until approved by the Chinese gov
ernment. In order to be eligible, a
student must have had at least one
year's study of subjects relating to
China. After receiving the scholar
ship, the student must take ten
hours of subjects pertaining to
China.
Chinese Cultural Scholarships are
open to all studnets except those of
Chinese nationality. Further infor
mation may be obtained from the
secretary of the Pacific, Asiatic and
Russian program.
1
Seven Stanford students have re
ceived the Chinese Cultural Schol
arship of $1,500 for next year. They
are Glen W. Baxter, George W.
Seidl, Stanley Shpetner, Nancy C.
Kendall, Allen Spitzer, Alan M.
Sloane, and Mary Frances Hazelton.
The scholarships are provisional
until approved by the Chinese gov
ernment. In order to be eligible, a
student must have had at least one
year's study of subjects relating to
China. After receiving the scholar
ship, the student must take ten
hours of subjects pertaining to
China.
Chinese Cultural Scholarships are
open to all studnets except those of
Chinese nationality. Further infor
mation may be obtained from the
secretary of the Pacific, Asiatic and
Russian program.
1
Seven Stanford students have re
ceived the Chinese Cultural Schol
arship of $1,500 for next year. They
are Glen W. Baxter, George W.
Seidl, Stanley Shpetner, Nancy C.
Kendall, Allen Spitzer, Alan M.
Sloane, and Mary Frances Hazelton.
The scholarships are provisional
until approved by the Chinese gov
ernment. In order to be eligible, a
student must have had at least one
year's study of subjects relating to
China. After receiving the scholar
ship, the student must take ten
hours of subjects pertaining to
China.
Chinese Cultural Scholarships are
open to all studnets except those of
Chinese nationality. Further infor
mation may be obtained from the
secretary of the Pacific, Asiatic and
Russian program.
1
Seven Stanford students have re
ceived the Chinese Cultural Schol
arship of $1,500 for next year. They
are Glen W. Baxter, George W.
Seidl, Stanley Shpetner, Nancy C.
Kendall, Allen Spitzer, Alan M.
Sloane, and Mary Frances Hazelton.
The scholarships are provisional
until approved by the Chinese gov
ernment. In order to be eligible, a
student must have had at least one
year's study of subjects relating to
China. After receiving the scholar
ship, the student must take ten
hours of subjects pertaining to
China.
Chinese Cultural Scholarships are
open to all studnets except those of
Chinese nationality. Further infor
mation may be obtained from the
secretary of the Pacific, Asiatic and
Russian program.
1
Seven Stanford students have re
ceived the Chinese Cultural Schol
arship of $1,500 for next year. They
are Glen W. Baxter, George W.
Seidl, Stanley Shpetner, Nancy C.
Kendall, Allen Spitzer, Alan M.
Sloane, and Mary Frances Hazelton.
The scholarships are provisional
until approved by the Chinese gov
ernment. In order to be eligible, a
student must have had at least one
year's study of subjects relating to
China. After receiving the scholar
ship, the student must take ten
hours of subjects pertaining to
China.
Chinese Cultural Scholarships are
open to all studnets except those of
Chinese nationality. Further infor
mation may be obtained from the
secretary of the Pacific, Asiatic and
Russian program.
1
Seven Stanford students have re
ceived the Chinese Cultural Schol
arship of $1,500 for next year. They
are Glen W. Baxter, George W.
Seidl, Stanley Shpetner, Nancy C.
Kendall, Allen Spitzer, Alan M.
Sloane, and Mary Frances Hazelton.
The scholarships are provisional
until approved by the Chinese gov
ernment. In order to be eligible, a
student must have had at least one
year's study of subjects relating to
China. After receiving the scholar
ship, the student must take ten
hours of subjects pertaining to
China.
Chinese Cultural Scholarships are
open to all studnets except those of
Chinese nationality. Further infor
mation may be obtained from the
secretary of the Pacific, Asiatic and
Russian program.
1
Seven Stanford students have re
ceived the Chinese Cultural Schol
arship of $1,500 for next year. They
are Glen W. Baxter, George W.
Seidl, Stanley Shpetner, Nancy C.
Kendall, Allen Spitzer, Alan M.
Sloane, and Mary Frances Hazelton.
The scholarships are provisional
until approved by the Chinese gov
ernment. In order to be eligible, a
student must have had at least one
year's study of subjects relating to
China. After receiving the scholar
ship, the student must take ten
hours of subjects pertaining to
China.
Chinese Cultural Scholarships are
open to all studnets except those of
Chinese nationality. Further infor
mation may be obtained from the
secretary of the Pacific, Asiatic and
Russian program.
1
Seven Stanford students have re
ceived the Chinese Cultural Schol
arship of $1,500 for next year. They
are Glen W. Baxter, George W.
Seidl, Stanley Shpetner, Nancy C.
Kendall, Allen Spitzer, Alan M.
Sloane, and Mary Frances Hazelton.
The scholarships are provisional
until approved by the Chinese gov
ernment. In order to be eligible, a
student must have had at least one
year's study of subjects relating to
China. After receiving the scholar
ship, the student must take ten
hours of subjects pertaining to
China.
Chinese Cultural Scholarships are
open to all studnets except those of
Chinese nationality. Further infor
mation may be obtained from the
secretary of the Pacific, Asiatic and
Russian program.
1
Seven Stanford students have re
ceived the Chinese Cultural Schol
arship of $1,500 for next year. They
are Glen W. Baxter, George W.
Seidl, Stanley Shpetner, Nancy C.
Kendall, Allen Spitzer, Alan M.
Sloane, and Mary Frances Hazelton.
The scholarships are provisional
until approved by the Chinese gov
ernment. In order to be eligible, a
student must have had at least one
year's study of subjects relating to
China. After receiving the scholar
ship, the student must take ten
hours of subjects pertaining to
China.
Chinese Cultural Scholarships are
open to all studnets except those of
Chinese nationality. Further infor
mation may be obtained from the
secretary of the Pacific, Asiatic and
Russian program.
1
Seven Stanford students have re
ceived the Chinese Cultural Schol
arship of $1,500 for next year. They
are Glen W. Baxter, George W.
Seidl, Stanley Shpetner, Nancy C.
Kendall, Allen Spitzer, Alan M.
Sloane, and Mary Frances Hazelton.
The scholarships are provisional
until approved by the Chinese gov
ernment. In order to be eligible, a
student must have had at least one
year's study of subjects relating to
China. After receiving the scholar
ship, the student must take ten
hours of subjects pertaining to
China.
Chinese Cultural Scholarships are
open to all studnets except those of
Chinese nationality. Further infor
mation may be obtained from the
secretary of the Pacific, Asiatic and
Russian program.
1
Seven Stanford students have re
ceived the Chinese Cultural Schol
arship of $1,500 for next year. They
are Glen W. Baxter, George W.
Seidl, Stanley Shpetner, Nancy C.
Kendall, Allen Spitzer, Alan M.
Sloane, and Mary Frances Hazelton.
The scholarships are provisional
until approved by the Chinese gov
ernment. In order to be eligible, a
student must have had at least one
year's study of subjects relating to
China. After receiving the scholar
ship, the student must take ten
hours of subjects pertaining to
China.
Chinese Cultural Scholarships are
open to all studnets except those of
Chinese nationality. Further infor
mation may be obtained from the
secretary of the Pacific, Asiatic and
Russian program.
1
Seven Stanford students have re
ceived the Chinese Cultural Schol
arship of $1,500 for next year. They
are Glen W. Baxter, George W.
Seidl, Stanley Shpetner, Nancy C.
Kendall, Allen Spitzer, Alan M.
Sloane, and Mary Frances Hazelton.
The scholarships are provisional
until approved by the Chinese gov
ernment. In order to be eligible, a
student must have had at least one
year's study of subjects relating to
China. After receiving the scholar
ship, the student must take ten
hours of subjects pertaining to
China.
Chinese Cultural Scholarships are
open to all studnets except those of
Chinese nationality. Further infor
mation may be obtained from the
secretary of the Pacific, Asiatic and
Russian program.
