# Daily staff lunch
## 
### 
There will be a Daily staff lunch
tomorrow at noon in the Daily edito
rial office to grill sole editor candi
date Bill Burger. Sandwiches will be
served.
There will be a Daily staff lunch
tomorrow at noon in the Daily edito
rial office to grill sole editor candi
date Bill Burger. Sandwiches will be
served.
There will be a Daily staff lunch
tomorrow at noon in the Daily edito
rial office to grill sole editor candi
date Bill Burger. Sandwiches will be
served.
There will be a Daily staff lunch
tomorrow at noon in the Daily edito
rial office to grill sole editor candi
date Bill Burger. Sandwiches will be
served.
There will be a Daily staff lunch
tomorrow at noon in the Daily edito
rial office to grill sole editor candi
date Bill Burger. Sandwiches will be
served.
There will be a Daily staff lunch
tomorrow at noon in the Daily edito
rial office to grill sole editor candi
date Bill Burger. Sandwiches will be
served.
There will be a Daily staff lunch
tomorrow at noon in the Daily edito
rial office to grill sole editor candi
date Bill Burger. Sandwiches will be
served.
There will be a Daily staff lunch
tomorrow at noon in the Daily edito
rial office to grill sole editor candi
date Bill Burger. Sandwiches will be
served.
There will be a Daily staff lunch
tomorrow at noon in the Daily edito
rial office to grill sole editor candi
date Bill Burger. Sandwiches will be
served.
