# Editing workshop
## 
### 
Rosalie Stemmer of the San Fran
cisco Chroncile will be teaching a
workshop on editing tonight at 7 in
the Daily office. All department
editors and staffers interested in
night editing are urged to attend.
Rosalie Stemmer of the San Fran
cisco Chroncile will be teaching a
workshop on editing tonight at 7 in
the Daily office. All department
editors and staffers interested in
night editing are urged to attend.
Rosalie Stemmer of the San Fran
cisco Chroncile will be teaching a
workshop on editing tonight at 7 in
the Daily office. All department
editors and staffers interested in
night editing are urged to attend.
Rosalie Stemmer of the San Fran
cisco Chroncile will be teaching a
workshop on editing tonight at 7 in
the Daily office. All department
editors and staffers interested in
night editing are urged to attend.
Rosalie Stemmer of the San Fran
cisco Chroncile will be teaching a
workshop on editing tonight at 7 in
the Daily office. All department
editors and staffers interested in
night editing are urged to attend.
Rosalie Stemmer of the San Fran
cisco Chroncile will be teaching a
workshop on editing tonight at 7 in
the Daily office. All department
editors and staffers interested in
night editing are urged to attend.
Rosalie Stemmer of the San Fran
cisco Chroncile will be teaching a
workshop on editing tonight at 7 in
the Daily office. All department
editors and staffers interested in
night editing are urged to attend.
Rosalie Stemmer of the San Fran
cisco Chroncile will be teaching a
workshop on editing tonight at 7 in
the Daily office. All department
editors and staffers interested in
night editing are urged to attend.
Rosalie Stemmer of the San Fran
cisco Chroncile will be teaching a
workshop on editing tonight at 7 in
the Daily office. All department
editors and staffers interested in
night editing are urged to attend.
