# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Euphronia will have an impromptu
discussion of some phase of the gen
era] subject, "Co-Education," at their
meeting on Wednesday, February 3.
Euphronia will have an impromptu
discussion of some phase of the gen
era] subject, "Co-Education," at their
meeting on Wednesday, February 3.
Euphronia will have an impromptu
discussion of some phase of the gen
era] subject, "Co-Education," at their
meeting on Wednesday, February 3.
Euphronia will have an impromptu
discussion of some phase of the gen
era] subject, "Co-Education," at their
meeting on Wednesday, February 3.
Euphronia will have an impromptu
discussion of some phase of the gen
era] subject, "Co-Education," at their
meeting on Wednesday, February 3.
Euphronia will have an impromptu
discussion of some phase of the gen
era] subject, "Co-Education," at their
meeting on Wednesday, February 3.
Euphronia will have an impromptu
discussion of some phase of the gen
era] subject, "Co-Education," at their
meeting on Wednesday, February 3.
Euphronia will have an impromptu
discussion of some phase of the gen
era] subject, "Co-Education," at their
meeting on Wednesday, February 3.
Euphronia will have an impromptu
discussion of some phase of the gen
era] subject, "Co-Education," at their
meeting on Wednesday, February 3.
Euphronia will have an impromptu
discussion of some phase of the gen
era] subject, "Co-Education," at their
meeting on Wednesday, February 3.
Euphronia will have an impromptu
discussion of some phase of the gen
era] subject, "Co-Education," at their
meeting on Wednesday, February 3.
Euphronia will have an impromptu
discussion of some phase of the gen
era] subject, "Co-Education," at their
meeting on Wednesday, February 3.
Euphronia will have an impromptu
discussion of some phase of the gen
era] subject, "Co-Education," at their
meeting on Wednesday, February 3.
