# MISSION QUINTET WILL MEET STANFORD TONIGHT
## 
### 
Santa Clara will entertain the Stan
ford basketball quintet for an im
promptu game this evening in the
Catholic school's gymnasium. The
contest will not be a regular intercol
legiate contest, as the Santa Clara
student body did not enter a team in
the league.
The Santa Clara five is a team of
reputable strength and speed, and is
expected to give the Stanford players
some good training for the second
Intercollegiate, which is scheduled for
next Saturday night with St. Ignatius
College, at San Francisco.
Santa Clara will entertain the Stan
ford basketball quintet for an im
promptu game this evening in the
Catholic school's gymnasium. The
contest will not be a regular intercol
legiate contest, as the Santa Clara
student body did not enter a team in
the league.
The Santa Clara five is a team of
reputable strength and speed, and is
expected to give the Stanford players
some good training for the second
Intercollegiate, which is scheduled for
next Saturday night with St. Ignatius
College, at San Francisco.
Santa Clara will entertain the Stan
ford basketball quintet for an im
promptu game this evening in the
Catholic school's gymnasium. The
contest will not be a regular intercol
legiate contest, as the Santa Clara
student body did not enter a team in
the league.
The Santa Clara five is a team of
reputable strength and speed, and is
expected to give the Stanford players
some good training for the second
Intercollegiate, which is scheduled for
next Saturday night with St. Ignatius
College, at San Francisco.
Santa Clara will entertain the Stan
ford basketball quintet for an im
promptu game this evening in the
Catholic school's gymnasium. The
contest will not be a regular intercol
legiate contest, as the Santa Clara
student body did not enter a team in
the league.
The Santa Clara five is a team of
reputable strength and speed, and is
expected to give the Stanford players
some good training for the second
Intercollegiate, which is scheduled for
next Saturday night with St. Ignatius
College, at San Francisco.
Santa Clara will entertain the Stan
ford basketball quintet for an im
promptu game this evening in the
Catholic school's gymnasium. The
contest will not be a regular intercol
legiate contest, as the Santa Clara
student body did not enter a team in
the league.
The Santa Clara five is a team of
reputable strength and speed, and is
expected to give the Stanford players
some good training for the second
Intercollegiate, which is scheduled for
next Saturday night with St. Ignatius
College, at San Francisco.
Santa Clara will entertain the Stan
ford basketball quintet for an im
promptu game this evening in the
Catholic school's gymnasium. The
contest will not be a regular intercol
legiate contest, as the Santa Clara
student body did not enter a team in
the league.
The Santa Clara five is a team of
reputable strength and speed, and is
expected to give the Stanford players
some good training for the second
Intercollegiate, which is scheduled for
next Saturday night with St. Ignatius
College, at San Francisco.
Santa Clara will entertain the Stan
ford basketball quintet for an im
promptu game this evening in the
Catholic school's gymnasium. The
contest will not be a regular intercol
legiate contest, as the Santa Clara
student body did not enter a team in
the league.
The Santa Clara five is a team of
reputable strength and speed, and is
expected to give the Stanford players
some good training for the second
Intercollegiate, which is scheduled for
next Saturday night with St. Ignatius
College, at San Francisco.
Santa Clara will entertain the Stan
ford basketball quintet for an im
promptu game this evening in the
Catholic school's gymnasium. The
contest will not be a regular intercol
legiate contest, as the Santa Clara
student body did not enter a team in
the league.
The Santa Clara five is a team of
reputable strength and speed, and is
expected to give the Stanford players
some good training for the second
Intercollegiate, which is scheduled for
next Saturday night with St. Ignatius
College, at San Francisco.
Santa Clara will entertain the Stan
ford basketball quintet for an im
promptu game this evening in the
Catholic school's gymnasium. The
contest will not be a regular intercol
legiate contest, as the Santa Clara
student body did not enter a team in
the league.
The Santa Clara five is a team of
reputable strength and speed, and is
expected to give the Stanford players
some good training for the second
Intercollegiate, which is scheduled for
next Saturday night with St. Ignatius
College, at San Francisco.
Santa Clara will entertain the Stan
ford basketball quintet for an im
promptu game this evening in the
Catholic school's gymnasium. The
contest will not be a regular intercol
legiate contest, as the Santa Clara
student body did not enter a team in
the league.
The Santa Clara five is a team of
reputable strength and speed, and is
expected to give the Stanford players
some good training for the second
Intercollegiate, which is scheduled for
next Saturday night with St. Ignatius
College, at San Francisco.
Santa Clara will entertain the Stan
ford basketball quintet for an im
promptu game this evening in the
Catholic school's gymnasium. The
contest will not be a regular intercol
legiate contest, as the Santa Clara
student body did not enter a team in
the league.
The Santa Clara five is a team of
reputable strength and speed, and is
expected to give the Stanford players
some good training for the second
Intercollegiate, which is scheduled for
next Saturday night with St. Ignatius
College, at San Francisco.
Santa Clara will entertain the Stan
ford basketball quintet for an im
promptu game this evening in the
Catholic school's gymnasium. The
contest will not be a regular intercol
legiate contest, as the Santa Clara
student body did not enter a team in
the league.
The Santa Clara five is a team of
reputable strength and speed, and is
expected to give the Stanford players
some good training for the second
Intercollegiate, which is scheduled for
next Saturday night with St. Ignatius
College, at San Francisco.
Santa Clara will entertain the Stan
ford basketball quintet for an im
promptu game this evening in the
Catholic school's gymnasium. The
contest will not be a regular intercol
legiate contest, as the Santa Clara
student body did not enter a team in
the league.
The Santa Clara five is a team of
reputable strength and speed, and is
expected to give the Stanford players
some good training for the second
Intercollegiate, which is scheduled for
next Saturday night with St. Ignatius
College, at San Francisco.
