# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Character is simply habit
long continued. —Plutarch.
Character is simply habit
long continued. —Plutarch.
Character is simply habit
long continued. —Plutarch.
Character is simply habit
long continued. —Plutarch.
Character is simply habit
long continued. —Plutarch.
Character is simply habit
long continued. —Plutarch.
Character is simply habit
long continued. —Plutarch.
Character is simply habit
long continued. —Plutarch.
Character is simply habit
long continued. —Plutarch.
Character is simply habit
long continued. —Plutarch.
Character is simply habit
long continued. —Plutarch.
Character is simply habit
long continued. —Plutarch.
Character is simply habit
long continued. —Plutarch.
