# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Positions Open for Students in Fall
Students wlio desire l<> register for
positions in the fall may obtain blanks
from tlie Appointment Secretary. Miss
Susan TV Bristol, in room nS. \ll
blanks niu<-t be filed bv T-'ebniarv
Positions Open for Students in Fall
Students wlio desire l<> register for
positions in the fall may obtain blanks
from tlie Appointment Secretary. Miss
Susan TV Bristol, in room nS. \ll
blanks niu<-t be filed bv T-'ebniarv
Positions Open for Students in Fall
Students wlio desire l<> register for
positions in the fall may obtain blanks
from tlie Appointment Secretary. Miss
Susan TV Bristol, in room nS. \ll
blanks niu<-t be filed bv T-'ebniarv
Positions Open for Students in Fall
Students wlio desire l<> register for
positions in the fall may obtain blanks
from tlie Appointment Secretary. Miss
Susan TV Bristol, in room nS. \ll
blanks niu<-t be filed bv T-'ebniarv
Positions Open for Students in Fall
Students wlio desire l<> register for
positions in the fall may obtain blanks
from tlie Appointment Secretary. Miss
Susan TV Bristol, in room nS. \ll
blanks niu<-t be filed bv T-'ebniarv
Positions Open for Students in Fall
Students wlio desire l<> register for
positions in the fall may obtain blanks
from tlie Appointment Secretary. Miss
Susan TV Bristol, in room nS. \ll
blanks niu<-t be filed bv T-'ebniarv
Positions Open for Students in Fall
Students wlio desire l<> register for
positions in the fall may obtain blanks
from tlie Appointment Secretary. Miss
Susan TV Bristol, in room nS. \ll
blanks niu<-t be filed bv T-'ebniarv
Positions Open for Students in Fall
Students wlio desire l<> register for
positions in the fall may obtain blanks
from tlie Appointment Secretary. Miss
Susan TV Bristol, in room nS. \ll
blanks niu<-t be filed bv T-'ebniarv
Positions Open for Students in Fall
Students wlio desire l<> register for
positions in the fall may obtain blanks
from tlie Appointment Secretary. Miss
Susan TV Bristol, in room nS. \ll
blanks niu<-t be filed bv T-'ebniarv
Positions Open for Students in Fall
Students wlio desire l<> register for
positions in the fall may obtain blanks
from tlie Appointment Secretary. Miss
Susan TV Bristol, in room nS. \ll
blanks niu<-t be filed bv T-'ebniarv
Positions Open for Students in Fall
Students wlio desire l<> register for
positions in the fall may obtain blanks
from tlie Appointment Secretary. Miss
Susan TV Bristol, in room nS. \ll
blanks niu<-t be filed bv T-'ebniarv
Positions Open for Students in Fall
Students wlio desire l<> register for
positions in the fall may obtain blanks
from tlie Appointment Secretary. Miss
Susan TV Bristol, in room nS. \ll
blanks niu<-t be filed bv T-'ebniarv
Positions Open for Students in Fall
Students wlio desire l<> register for
positions in the fall may obtain blanks
from tlie Appointment Secretary. Miss
Susan TV Bristol, in room nS. \ll
blanks niu<-t be filed bv T-'ebniarv
