# Women's Crew Captain Elected.
## 
### 
Miss Geraldine La Fetra, '15, has
been appointed captain of women's
crew and Miss Margaret Duryea. '15,
business manager. They will organize
class crews for the interclass rowing
on the women's athletic day, April
24th.
Miss Geraldine La Fetra, '15, has
been appointed captain of women's
crew and Miss Margaret Duryea. '15,
business manager. They will organize
class crews for the interclass rowing
on the women's athletic day, April
24th.
Miss Geraldine La Fetra, '15, has
been appointed captain of women's
crew and Miss Margaret Duryea. '15,
business manager. They will organize
class crews for the interclass rowing
on the women's athletic day, April
24th.
Miss Geraldine La Fetra, '15, has
been appointed captain of women's
crew and Miss Margaret Duryea. '15,
business manager. They will organize
class crews for the interclass rowing
on the women's athletic day, April
24th.
Miss Geraldine La Fetra, '15, has
been appointed captain of women's
crew and Miss Margaret Duryea. '15,
business manager. They will organize
class crews for the interclass rowing
on the women's athletic day, April
24th.
Miss Geraldine La Fetra, '15, has
been appointed captain of women's
crew and Miss Margaret Duryea. '15,
business manager. They will organize
class crews for the interclass rowing
on the women's athletic day, April
24th.
Miss Geraldine La Fetra, '15, has
been appointed captain of women's
crew and Miss Margaret Duryea. '15,
business manager. They will organize
class crews for the interclass rowing
on the women's athletic day, April
24th.
Miss Geraldine La Fetra, '15, has
been appointed captain of women's
crew and Miss Margaret Duryea. '15,
business manager. They will organize
class crews for the interclass rowing
on the women's athletic day, April
24th.
Miss Geraldine La Fetra, '15, has
been appointed captain of women's
crew and Miss Margaret Duryea. '15,
business manager. They will organize
class crews for the interclass rowing
on the women's athletic day, April
24th.
Miss Geraldine La Fetra, '15, has
been appointed captain of women's
crew and Miss Margaret Duryea. '15,
business manager. They will organize
class crews for the interclass rowing
on the women's athletic day, April
24th.
Miss Geraldine La Fetra, '15, has
been appointed captain of women's
crew and Miss Margaret Duryea. '15,
business manager. They will organize
class crews for the interclass rowing
on the women's athletic day, April
24th.
Miss Geraldine La Fetra, '15, has
been appointed captain of women's
crew and Miss Margaret Duryea. '15,
business manager. They will organize
class crews for the interclass rowing
on the women's athletic day, April
24th.
Miss Geraldine La Fetra, '15, has
been appointed captain of women's
crew and Miss Margaret Duryea. '15,
business manager. They will organize
class crews for the interclass rowing
on the women's athletic day, April
24th.
