# CORDUROY BALL, LAKE CARNIVAL OPEN PROGRAM
## 
### 
The Junior Week celebration
starts tomorrow afternoon with the
Corduroy Ball. Whitmer's orchestra
will start playing at 3 and will con
tinue until dinner time at 6 o'clock.
Light refreshments and punch will
be served throughout the afternoon.
Every ticket to the Corduroy Ball
was sold early last week, which as
sured the Ball committee that the
dance would be well attended. No
time nor money is being spared to
make the afternoon dance, the first
event of Junior Week, a total suc
cess. R. K. Hubbard is in charge of
the committee that has worked out
the plans for the Ball. No "roughs"
will be allowed at the Ball until
after 5 o'clock.
The Corduroy Ball, will be fol
lowed, two hours later, by (he Lake
Carnival. Floats, fireworks, and
music will be the head-line events
oh the lake Thursday night. As a
special attraction, there will be
some fancy aquaplaning stunts. F.
W. Hyland is arrangisg some high
diving stunts to be done by moon
light. No private canoes or row
boats will be allowed on the lake
util the entertainment is finished.
The Junior Week celebration
starts tomorrow afternoon with the
Corduroy Ball. Whitmer's orchestra
will start playing at 3 and will con
tinue until dinner time at 6 o'clock.
Light refreshments and punch will
be served throughout the afternoon.
Every ticket to the Corduroy Ball
was sold early last week, which as
sured the Ball committee that the
dance would be well attended. No
time nor money is being spared to
make the afternoon dance, the first
event of Junior Week, a total suc
cess. R. K. Hubbard is in charge of
the committee that has worked out
the plans for the Ball. No "roughs"
will be allowed at the Ball until
after 5 o'clock.
The Corduroy Ball, will be fol
lowed, two hours later, by (he Lake
Carnival. Floats, fireworks, and
music will be the head-line events
oh the lake Thursday night. As a
special attraction, there will be
some fancy aquaplaning stunts. F.
W. Hyland is arrangisg some high
diving stunts to be done by moon
light. No private canoes or row
boats will be allowed on the lake
util the entertainment is finished.
The Junior Week celebration
starts tomorrow afternoon with the
Corduroy Ball. Whitmer's orchestra
will start playing at 3 and will con
tinue until dinner time at 6 o'clock.
Light refreshments and punch will
be served throughout the afternoon.
Every ticket to the Corduroy Ball
was sold early last week, which as
sured the Ball committee that the
dance would be well attended. No
time nor money is being spared to
make the afternoon dance, the first
event of Junior Week, a total suc
cess. R. K. Hubbard is in charge of
the committee that has worked out
the plans for the Ball. No "roughs"
will be allowed at the Ball until
after 5 o'clock.
The Corduroy Ball, will be fol
lowed, two hours later, by (he Lake
Carnival. Floats, fireworks, and
music will be the head-line events
oh the lake Thursday night. As a
special attraction, there will be
some fancy aquaplaning stunts. F.
W. Hyland is arrangisg some high
diving stunts to be done by moon
light. No private canoes or row
boats will be allowed on the lake
util the entertainment is finished.
The Junior Week celebration
starts tomorrow afternoon with the
Corduroy Ball. Whitmer's orchestra
will start playing at 3 and will con
tinue until dinner time at 6 o'clock.
Light refreshments and punch will
be served throughout the afternoon.
Every ticket to the Corduroy Ball
was sold early last week, which as
sured the Ball committee that the
dance would be well attended. No
time nor money is being spared to
make the afternoon dance, the first
event of Junior Week, a total suc
cess. R. K. Hubbard is in charge of
the committee that has worked out
the plans for the Ball. No "roughs"
will be allowed at the Ball until
after 5 o'clock.
The Corduroy Ball, will be fol
lowed, two hours later, by (he Lake
Carnival. Floats, fireworks, and
music will be the head-line events
oh the lake Thursday night. As a
special attraction, there will be
some fancy aquaplaning stunts. F.
W. Hyland is arrangisg some high
diving stunts to be done by moon
light. No private canoes or row
boats will be allowed on the lake
util the entertainment is finished.
The Junior Week celebration
starts tomorrow afternoon with the
Corduroy Ball. Whitmer's orchestra
will start playing at 3 and will con
tinue until dinner time at 6 o'clock.
Light refreshments and punch will
be served throughout the afternoon.
Every ticket to the Corduroy Ball
was sold early last week, which as
sured the Ball committee that the
dance would be well attended. No
time nor money is being spared to
make the afternoon dance, the first
event of Junior Week, a total suc
cess. R. K. Hubbard is in charge of
the committee that has worked out
the plans for the Ball. No "roughs"
will be allowed at the Ball until
after 5 o'clock.
The Corduroy Ball, will be fol
lowed, two hours later, by (he Lake
Carnival. Floats, fireworks, and
music will be the head-line events
oh the lake Thursday night. As a
special attraction, there will be
some fancy aquaplaning stunts. F.
W. Hyland is arrangisg some high
diving stunts to be done by moon
light. No private canoes or row
boats will be allowed on the lake
util the entertainment is finished.
The Junior Week celebration
starts tomorrow afternoon with the
Corduroy Ball. Whitmer's orchestra
will start playing at 3 and will con
tinue until dinner time at 6 o'clock.
Light refreshments and punch will
be served throughout the afternoon.
Every ticket to the Corduroy Ball
was sold early last week, which as
sured the Ball committee that the
dance would be well attended. No
time nor money is being spared to
make the afternoon dance, the first
event of Junior Week, a total suc
cess. R. K. Hubbard is in charge of
the committee that has worked out
the plans for the Ball. No "roughs"
will be allowed at the Ball until
after 5 o'clock.
The Corduroy Ball, will be fol
lowed, two hours later, by (he Lake
Carnival. Floats, fireworks, and
music will be the head-line events
oh the lake Thursday night. As a
special attraction, there will be
some fancy aquaplaning stunts. F.
W. Hyland is arrangisg some high
diving stunts to be done by moon
light. No private canoes or row
boats will be allowed on the lake
util the entertainment is finished.
The Junior Week celebration
starts tomorrow afternoon with the
Corduroy Ball. Whitmer's orchestra
will start playing at 3 and will con
tinue until dinner time at 6 o'clock.
Light refreshments and punch will
be served throughout the afternoon.
Every ticket to the Corduroy Ball
was sold early last week, which as
sured the Ball committee that the
dance would be well attended. No
time nor money is being spared to
make the afternoon dance, the first
event of Junior Week, a total suc
cess. R. K. Hubbard is in charge of
the committee that has worked out
the plans for the Ball. No "roughs"
will be allowed at the Ball until
after 5 o'clock.
The Corduroy Ball, will be fol
lowed, two hours later, by (he Lake
Carnival. Floats, fireworks, and
music will be the head-line events
oh the lake Thursday night. As a
special attraction, there will be
some fancy aquaplaning stunts. F.
W. Hyland is arrangisg some high
diving stunts to be done by moon
light. No private canoes or row
boats will be allowed on the lake
util the entertainment is finished.
The Junior Week celebration
starts tomorrow afternoon with the
Corduroy Ball. Whitmer's orchestra
will start playing at 3 and will con
tinue until dinner time at 6 o'clock.
Light refreshments and punch will
be served throughout the afternoon.
Every ticket to the Corduroy Ball
was sold early last week, which as
sured the Ball committee that the
dance would be well attended. No
time nor money is being spared to
make the afternoon dance, the first
event of Junior Week, a total suc
cess. R. K. Hubbard is in charge of
the committee that has worked out
the plans for the Ball. No "roughs"
will be allowed at the Ball until
after 5 o'clock.
The Corduroy Ball, will be fol
lowed, two hours later, by (he Lake
Carnival. Floats, fireworks, and
music will be the head-line events
oh the lake Thursday night. As a
special attraction, there will be
some fancy aquaplaning stunts. F.
W. Hyland is arrangisg some high
diving stunts to be done by moon
light. No private canoes or row
boats will be allowed on the lake
util the entertainment is finished.
The Junior Week celebration
starts tomorrow afternoon with the
Corduroy Ball. Whitmer's orchestra
will start playing at 3 and will con
tinue until dinner time at 6 o'clock.
Light refreshments and punch will
be served throughout the afternoon.
Every ticket to the Corduroy Ball
was sold early last week, which as
sured the Ball committee that the
dance would be well attended. No
time nor money is being spared to
make the afternoon dance, the first
event of Junior Week, a total suc
cess. R. K. Hubbard is in charge of
the committee that has worked out
the plans for the Ball. No "roughs"
will be allowed at the Ball until
after 5 o'clock.
The Corduroy Ball, will be fol
lowed, two hours later, by (he Lake
Carnival. Floats, fireworks, and
music will be the head-line events
oh the lake Thursday night. As a
special attraction, there will be
some fancy aquaplaning stunts. F.
W. Hyland is arrangisg some high
diving stunts to be done by moon
light. No private canoes or row
boats will be allowed on the lake
util the entertainment is finished.
The Junior Week celebration
starts tomorrow afternoon with the
Corduroy Ball. Whitmer's orchestra
will start playing at 3 and will con
tinue until dinner time at 6 o'clock.
Light refreshments and punch will
be served throughout the afternoon.
Every ticket to the Corduroy Ball
was sold early last week, which as
sured the Ball committee that the
dance would be well attended. No
time nor money is being spared to
make the afternoon dance, the first
event of Junior Week, a total suc
cess. R. K. Hubbard is in charge of
the committee that has worked out
the plans for the Ball. No "roughs"
will be allowed at the Ball until
after 5 o'clock.
The Corduroy Ball, will be fol
lowed, two hours later, by (he Lake
Carnival. Floats, fireworks, and
music will be the head-line events
oh the lake Thursday night. As a
special attraction, there will be
some fancy aquaplaning stunts. F.
W. Hyland is arrangisg some high
diving stunts to be done by moon
light. No private canoes or row
boats will be allowed on the lake
util the entertainment is finished.
The Junior Week celebration
starts tomorrow afternoon with the
Corduroy Ball. Whitmer's orchestra
will start playing at 3 and will con
tinue until dinner time at 6 o'clock.
Light refreshments and punch will
be served throughout the afternoon.
Every ticket to the Corduroy Ball
was sold early last week, which as
sured the Ball committee that the
dance would be well attended. No
time nor money is being spared to
make the afternoon dance, the first
event of Junior Week, a total suc
cess. R. K. Hubbard is in charge of
the committee that has worked out
the plans for the Ball. No "roughs"
will be allowed at the Ball until
after 5 o'clock.
The Corduroy Ball, will be fol
lowed, two hours later, by (he Lake
Carnival. Floats, fireworks, and
music will be the head-line events
oh the lake Thursday night. As a
special attraction, there will be
some fancy aquaplaning stunts. F.
W. Hyland is arrangisg some high
diving stunts to be done by moon
light. No private canoes or row
boats will be allowed on the lake
util the entertainment is finished.
The Junior Week celebration
starts tomorrow afternoon with the
Corduroy Ball. Whitmer's orchestra
will start playing at 3 and will con
tinue until dinner time at 6 o'clock.
Light refreshments and punch will
be served throughout the afternoon.
Every ticket to the Corduroy Ball
was sold early last week, which as
sured the Ball committee that the
dance would be well attended. No
time nor money is being spared to
make the afternoon dance, the first
event of Junior Week, a total suc
cess. R. K. Hubbard is in charge of
the committee that has worked out
the plans for the Ball. No "roughs"
will be allowed at the Ball until
after 5 o'clock.
The Corduroy Ball, will be fol
lowed, two hours later, by (he Lake
Carnival. Floats, fireworks, and
music will be the head-line events
oh the lake Thursday night. As a
special attraction, there will be
some fancy aquaplaning stunts. F.
W. Hyland is arrangisg some high
diving stunts to be done by moon
light. No private canoes or row
boats will be allowed on the lake
util the entertainment is finished.
The Junior Week celebration
starts tomorrow afternoon with the
Corduroy Ball. Whitmer's orchestra
will start playing at 3 and will con
tinue until dinner time at 6 o'clock.
Light refreshments and punch will
be served throughout the afternoon.
Every ticket to the Corduroy Ball
was sold early last week, which as
sured the Ball committee that the
dance would be well attended. No
time nor money is being spared to
make the afternoon dance, the first
event of Junior Week, a total suc
cess. R. K. Hubbard is in charge of
the committee that has worked out
the plans for the Ball. No "roughs"
will be allowed at the Ball until
after 5 o'clock.
The Corduroy Ball, will be fol
lowed, two hours later, by (he Lake
Carnival. Floats, fireworks, and
music will be the head-line events
oh the lake Thursday night. As a
special attraction, there will be
some fancy aquaplaning stunts. F.
W. Hyland is arrangisg some high
diving stunts to be done by moon
light. No private canoes or row
boats will be allowed on the lake
util the entertainment is finished.
The Junior Week celebration
starts tomorrow afternoon with the
Corduroy Ball. Whitmer's orchestra
will start playing at 3 and will con
tinue until dinner time at 6 o'clock.
Light refreshments and punch will
be served throughout the afternoon.
Every ticket to the Corduroy Ball
was sold early last week, which as
sured the Ball committee that the
dance would be well attended. No
time nor money is being spared to
make the afternoon dance, the first
event of Junior Week, a total suc
cess. R. K. Hubbard is in charge of
the committee that has worked out
the plans for the Ball. No "roughs"
will be allowed at the Ball until
after 5 o'clock.
The Corduroy Ball, will be fol
lowed, two hours later, by (he Lake
Carnival. Floats, fireworks, and
music will be the head-line events
oh the lake Thursday night. As a
special attraction, there will be
some fancy aquaplaning stunts. F.
W. Hyland is arrangisg some high
diving stunts to be done by moon
light. No private canoes or row
boats will be allowed on the lake
util the entertainment is finished.
The Junior Week celebration
starts tomorrow afternoon with the
Corduroy Ball. Whitmer's orchestra
will start playing at 3 and will con
tinue until dinner time at 6 o'clock.
Light refreshments and punch will
be served throughout the afternoon.
Every ticket to the Corduroy Ball
was sold early last week, which as
sured the Ball committee that the
dance would be well attended. No
time nor money is being spared to
make the afternoon dance, the first
event of Junior Week, a total suc
cess. R. K. Hubbard is in charge of
the committee that has worked out
the plans for the Ball. No "roughs"
will be allowed at the Ball until
after 5 o'clock.
The Corduroy Ball, will be fol
lowed, two hours later, by (he Lake
Carnival. Floats, fireworks, and
music will be the head-line events
oh the lake Thursday night. As a
special attraction, there will be
some fancy aquaplaning stunts. F.
W. Hyland is arrangisg some high
diving stunts to be done by moon
light. No private canoes or row
boats will be allowed on the lake
util the entertainment is finished.
