# BULLETINS!
## 
### 
Calfiomia's rugby team won a
disputed (5 to 3 game from the
previously undefeated Stanford
team yesterday.
The Stanford ski team will com
pete in the second annual Tresid
der Memorial ski meet at Yosem
ite today, tomorrow, and Sunday.
All those participating in intra
mural wrestling will be weighed in
on Monday from 12 to 4::50 p.m.
All those wrestling on Monday
night are asked to be on band 15
minutes before their bout is sched
uled to gO on.
The Stanford crew will hold an
intrasquad meet at 10:15 a.m. hi
the yach harbor tomorrow —
freshmen, sophs, and juniors will
compete against each other. Two
new crew shells will be christened
at the meet by Mrs. Wallace Ster
ling and Mrs. Frank Walker.
Calfiomia's rugby team won a
disputed (5 to 3 game from the
previously undefeated Stanford
team yesterday.
The Stanford ski team will com
pete in the second annual Tresid
der Memorial ski meet at Yosem
ite today, tomorrow, and Sunday.
All those participating in intra
mural wrestling will be weighed in
on Monday from 12 to 4::50 p.m.
All those wrestling on Monday
night are asked to be on band 15
minutes before their bout is sched
uled to gO on.
The Stanford crew will hold an
intrasquad meet at 10:15 a.m. hi
the yach harbor tomorrow —
freshmen, sophs, and juniors will
compete against each other. Two
new crew shells will be christened
at the meet by Mrs. Wallace Ster
ling and Mrs. Frank Walker.
Calfiomia's rugby team won a
disputed (5 to 3 game from the
previously undefeated Stanford
team yesterday.
The Stanford ski team will com
pete in the second annual Tresid
der Memorial ski meet at Yosem
ite today, tomorrow, and Sunday.
All those participating in intra
mural wrestling will be weighed in
on Monday from 12 to 4::50 p.m.
All those wrestling on Monday
night are asked to be on band 15
minutes before their bout is sched
uled to gO on.
The Stanford crew will hold an
intrasquad meet at 10:15 a.m. hi
the yach harbor tomorrow —
freshmen, sophs, and juniors will
compete against each other. Two
new crew shells will be christened
at the meet by Mrs. Wallace Ster
ling and Mrs. Frank Walker.
Calfiomia's rugby team won a
disputed (5 to 3 game from the
previously undefeated Stanford
team yesterday.
The Stanford ski team will com
pete in the second annual Tresid
der Memorial ski meet at Yosem
ite today, tomorrow, and Sunday.
All those participating in intra
mural wrestling will be weighed in
on Monday from 12 to 4::50 p.m.
All those wrestling on Monday
night are asked to be on band 15
minutes before their bout is sched
uled to gO on.
The Stanford crew will hold an
intrasquad meet at 10:15 a.m. hi
the yach harbor tomorrow —
freshmen, sophs, and juniors will
compete against each other. Two
new crew shells will be christened
at the meet by Mrs. Wallace Ster
ling and Mrs. Frank Walker.
Calfiomia's rugby team won a
disputed (5 to 3 game from the
previously undefeated Stanford
team yesterday.
The Stanford ski team will com
pete in the second annual Tresid
der Memorial ski meet at Yosem
ite today, tomorrow, and Sunday.
All those participating in intra
mural wrestling will be weighed in
on Monday from 12 to 4::50 p.m.
All those wrestling on Monday
night are asked to be on band 15
minutes before their bout is sched
uled to gO on.
The Stanford crew will hold an
intrasquad meet at 10:15 a.m. hi
the yach harbor tomorrow —
freshmen, sophs, and juniors will
compete against each other. Two
new crew shells will be christened
at the meet by Mrs. Wallace Ster
ling and Mrs. Frank Walker.
Calfiomia's rugby team won a
disputed (5 to 3 game from the
previously undefeated Stanford
team yesterday.
The Stanford ski team will com
pete in the second annual Tresid
der Memorial ski meet at Yosem
ite today, tomorrow, and Sunday.
All those participating in intra
mural wrestling will be weighed in
on Monday from 12 to 4::50 p.m.
All those wrestling on Monday
night are asked to be on band 15
minutes before their bout is sched
uled to gO on.
The Stanford crew will hold an
intrasquad meet at 10:15 a.m. hi
the yach harbor tomorrow —
freshmen, sophs, and juniors will
compete against each other. Two
new crew shells will be christened
at the meet by Mrs. Wallace Ster
ling and Mrs. Frank Walker.
Calfiomia's rugby team won a
disputed (5 to 3 game from the
previously undefeated Stanford
team yesterday.
The Stanford ski team will com
pete in the second annual Tresid
der Memorial ski meet at Yosem
ite today, tomorrow, and Sunday.
All those participating in intra
mural wrestling will be weighed in
on Monday from 12 to 4::50 p.m.
All those wrestling on Monday
night are asked to be on band 15
minutes before their bout is sched
uled to gO on.
The Stanford crew will hold an
intrasquad meet at 10:15 a.m. hi
the yach harbor tomorrow —
freshmen, sophs, and juniors will
compete against each other. Two
new crew shells will be christened
at the meet by Mrs. Wallace Ster
ling and Mrs. Frank Walker.
Calfiomia's rugby team won a
disputed (5 to 3 game from the
previously undefeated Stanford
team yesterday.
The Stanford ski team will com
pete in the second annual Tresid
der Memorial ski meet at Yosem
ite today, tomorrow, and Sunday.
All those participating in intra
mural wrestling will be weighed in
on Monday from 12 to 4::50 p.m.
All those wrestling on Monday
night are asked to be on band 15
minutes before their bout is sched
uled to gO on.
The Stanford crew will hold an
intrasquad meet at 10:15 a.m. hi
the yach harbor tomorrow —
freshmen, sophs, and juniors will
compete against each other. Two
new crew shells will be christened
at the meet by Mrs. Wallace Ster
ling and Mrs. Frank Walker.
Calfiomia's rugby team won a
disputed (5 to 3 game from the
previously undefeated Stanford
team yesterday.
The Stanford ski team will com
pete in the second annual Tresid
der Memorial ski meet at Yosem
ite today, tomorrow, and Sunday.
All those participating in intra
mural wrestling will be weighed in
on Monday from 12 to 4::50 p.m.
All those wrestling on Monday
night are asked to be on band 15
minutes before their bout is sched
uled to gO on.
The Stanford crew will hold an
intrasquad meet at 10:15 a.m. hi
the yach harbor tomorrow —
freshmen, sophs, and juniors will
compete against each other. Two
new crew shells will be christened
at the meet by Mrs. Wallace Ster
ling and Mrs. Frank Walker.
Calfiomia's rugby team won a
disputed (5 to 3 game from the
previously undefeated Stanford
team yesterday.
The Stanford ski team will com
pete in the second annual Tresid
der Memorial ski meet at Yosem
ite today, tomorrow, and Sunday.
All those participating in intra
mural wrestling will be weighed in
on Monday from 12 to 4::50 p.m.
All those wrestling on Monday
night are asked to be on band 15
minutes before their bout is sched
uled to gO on.
The Stanford crew will hold an
intrasquad meet at 10:15 a.m. hi
the yach harbor tomorrow —
freshmen, sophs, and juniors will
compete against each other. Two
new crew shells will be christened
at the meet by Mrs. Wallace Ster
ling and Mrs. Frank Walker.
Calfiomia's rugby team won a
disputed (5 to 3 game from the
previously undefeated Stanford
team yesterday.
The Stanford ski team will com
pete in the second annual Tresid
der Memorial ski meet at Yosem
ite today, tomorrow, and Sunday.
All those participating in intra
mural wrestling will be weighed in
on Monday from 12 to 4::50 p.m.
All those wrestling on Monday
night are asked to be on band 15
minutes before their bout is sched
uled to gO on.
The Stanford crew will hold an
intrasquad meet at 10:15 a.m. hi
the yach harbor tomorrow —
freshmen, sophs, and juniors will
compete against each other. Two
new crew shells will be christened
at the meet by Mrs. Wallace Ster
ling and Mrs. Frank Walker.
Calfiomia's rugby team won a
disputed (5 to 3 game from the
previously undefeated Stanford
team yesterday.
The Stanford ski team will com
pete in the second annual Tresid
der Memorial ski meet at Yosem
ite today, tomorrow, and Sunday.
All those participating in intra
mural wrestling will be weighed in
on Monday from 12 to 4::50 p.m.
All those wrestling on Monday
night are asked to be on band 15
minutes before their bout is sched
uled to gO on.
The Stanford crew will hold an
intrasquad meet at 10:15 a.m. hi
the yach harbor tomorrow —
freshmen, sophs, and juniors will
compete against each other. Two
new crew shells will be christened
at the meet by Mrs. Wallace Ster
ling and Mrs. Frank Walker.
Calfiomia's rugby team won a
disputed (5 to 3 game from the
previously undefeated Stanford
team yesterday.
The Stanford ski team will com
pete in the second annual Tresid
der Memorial ski meet at Yosem
ite today, tomorrow, and Sunday.
All those participating in intra
mural wrestling will be weighed in
on Monday from 12 to 4::50 p.m.
All those wrestling on Monday
night are asked to be on band 15
minutes before their bout is sched
uled to gO on.
The Stanford crew will hold an
intrasquad meet at 10:15 a.m. hi
the yach harbor tomorrow —
freshmen, sophs, and juniors will
compete against each other. Two
new crew shells will be christened
at the meet by Mrs. Wallace Ster
ling and Mrs. Frank Walker.
Calfiomia's rugby team won a
disputed (5 to 3 game from the
previously undefeated Stanford
team yesterday.
The Stanford ski team will com
pete in the second annual Tresid
der Memorial ski meet at Yosem
ite today, tomorrow, and Sunday.
All those participating in intra
mural wrestling will be weighed in
on Monday from 12 to 4::50 p.m.
All those wrestling on Monday
night are asked to be on band 15
minutes before their bout is sched
uled to gO on.
The Stanford crew will hold an
intrasquad meet at 10:15 a.m. hi
the yach harbor tomorrow —
freshmen, sophs, and juniors will
compete against each other. Two
new crew shells will be christened
at the meet by Mrs. Wallace Ster
ling and Mrs. Frank Walker.
Calfiomia's rugby team won a
disputed (5 to 3 game from the
previously undefeated Stanford
team yesterday.
The Stanford ski team will com
pete in the second annual Tresid
der Memorial ski meet at Yosem
ite today, tomorrow, and Sunday.
All those participating in intra
mural wrestling will be weighed in
on Monday from 12 to 4::50 p.m.
All those wrestling on Monday
night are asked to be on band 15
minutes before their bout is sched
uled to gO on.
The Stanford crew will hold an
intrasquad meet at 10:15 a.m. hi
the yach harbor tomorrow —
freshmen, sophs, and juniors will
compete against each other. Two
new crew shells will be christened
at the meet by Mrs. Wallace Ster
ling and Mrs. Frank Walker.
