# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Phi Alpha Delta announces the
election of the following:
Claude H. Adams
Calvin A. Rehle
A. Ronald Button
Stanley J. Cooke
Lucius K. Foote
Paul K. Home
Kenneth M. Johnson
Paul H. Kocher
Arthur C. Miller
Lynn S. Richards
George W. Tackabury
Phi Alpha Delta announces the
election of the following:
Claude H. Adams
Calvin A. Rehle
A. Ronald Button
Stanley J. Cooke
Lucius K. Foote
Paul K. Home
Kenneth M. Johnson
Paul H. Kocher
Arthur C. Miller
Lynn S. Richards
George W. Tackabury
Phi Alpha Delta announces the
election of the following:
Claude H. Adams
Calvin A. Rehle
A. Ronald Button
Stanley J. Cooke
Lucius K. Foote
Paul K. Home
Kenneth M. Johnson
Paul H. Kocher
Arthur C. Miller
Lynn S. Richards
George W. Tackabury
Phi Alpha Delta announces the
election of the following:
Claude H. Adams
Calvin A. Rehle
A. Ronald Button
Stanley J. Cooke
Lucius K. Foote
Paul K. Home
Kenneth M. Johnson
Paul H. Kocher
Arthur C. Miller
Lynn S. Richards
George W. Tackabury
Phi Alpha Delta announces the
election of the following:
Claude H. Adams
Calvin A. Rehle
A. Ronald Button
Stanley J. Cooke
Lucius K. Foote
Paul K. Home
Kenneth M. Johnson
Paul H. Kocher
Arthur C. Miller
Lynn S. Richards
George W. Tackabury
Phi Alpha Delta announces the
election of the following:
Claude H. Adams
Calvin A. Rehle
A. Ronald Button
Stanley J. Cooke
Lucius K. Foote
Paul K. Home
Kenneth M. Johnson
Paul H. Kocher
Arthur C. Miller
Lynn S. Richards
George W. Tackabury
Phi Alpha Delta announces the
election of the following:
Claude H. Adams
Calvin A. Rehle
A. Ronald Button
Stanley J. Cooke
Lucius K. Foote
Paul K. Home
Kenneth M. Johnson
Paul H. Kocher
Arthur C. Miller
Lynn S. Richards
George W. Tackabury
Phi Alpha Delta announces the
election of the following:
Claude H. Adams
Calvin A. Rehle
A. Ronald Button
Stanley J. Cooke
Lucius K. Foote
Paul K. Home
Kenneth M. Johnson
Paul H. Kocher
Arthur C. Miller
Lynn S. Richards
George W. Tackabury
Phi Alpha Delta announces the
election of the following:
Claude H. Adams
Calvin A. Rehle
A. Ronald Button
Stanley J. Cooke
Lucius K. Foote
Paul K. Home
Kenneth M. Johnson
Paul H. Kocher
Arthur C. Miller
Lynn S. Richards
George W. Tackabury
Phi Alpha Delta announces the
election of the following:
Claude H. Adams
Calvin A. Rehle
A. Ronald Button
Stanley J. Cooke
Lucius K. Foote
Paul K. Home
Kenneth M. Johnson
Paul H. Kocher
Arthur C. Miller
Lynn S. Richards
George W. Tackabury
Phi Alpha Delta announces the
election of the following:
Claude H. Adams
Calvin A. Rehle
A. Ronald Button
Stanley J. Cooke
Lucius K. Foote
Paul K. Home
Kenneth M. Johnson
Paul H. Kocher
Arthur C. Miller
Lynn S. Richards
George W. Tackabury
Phi Alpha Delta announces the
election of the following:
Claude H. Adams
Calvin A. Rehle
A. Ronald Button
Stanley J. Cooke
Lucius K. Foote
Paul K. Home
Kenneth M. Johnson
Paul H. Kocher
Arthur C. Miller
Lynn S. Richards
George W. Tackabury
Phi Alpha Delta announces the
election of the following:
Claude H. Adams
Calvin A. Rehle
A. Ronald Button
Stanley J. Cooke
Lucius K. Foote
Paul K. Home
Kenneth M. Johnson
Paul H. Kocher
Arthur C. Miller
Lynn S. Richards
George W. Tackabury
Phi Alpha Delta announces the
election of the following:
Claude H. Adams
Calvin A. Rehle
A. Ronald Button
Stanley J. Cooke
Lucius K. Foote
Paul K. Home
Kenneth M. Johnson
Paul H. Kocher
Arthur C. Miller
Lynn S. Richards
George W. Tackabury
Phi Alpha Delta announces the
election of the following:
Claude H. Adams
Calvin A. Rehle
A. Ronald Button
Stanley J. Cooke
Lucius K. Foote
Paul K. Home
Kenneth M. Johnson
Paul H. Kocher
Arthur C. Miller
Lynn S. Richards
George W. Tackabury
