# SOPRANO AT RECITAL
## 
### 
Mrs. Edna Folsam De Larios, so
prano, will assist Warren D. Allen,
University organist, in his regular
weekly organ recital tomorrow at
4:15 p.m., Dr. Allen said yesterday.
Mrs. Edna Folsam De Larios, so
prano, will assist Warren D. Allen,
University organist, in his regular
weekly organ recital tomorrow at
4:15 p.m., Dr. Allen said yesterday.
Mrs. Edna Folsam De Larios, so
prano, will assist Warren D. Allen,
University organist, in his regular
weekly organ recital tomorrow at
4:15 p.m., Dr. Allen said yesterday.
Mrs. Edna Folsam De Larios, so
prano, will assist Warren D. Allen,
University organist, in his regular
weekly organ recital tomorrow at
4:15 p.m., Dr. Allen said yesterday.
Mrs. Edna Folsam De Larios, so
prano, will assist Warren D. Allen,
University organist, in his regular
weekly organ recital tomorrow at
4:15 p.m., Dr. Allen said yesterday.
Mrs. Edna Folsam De Larios, so
prano, will assist Warren D. Allen,
University organist, in his regular
weekly organ recital tomorrow at
4:15 p.m., Dr. Allen said yesterday.
Mrs. Edna Folsam De Larios, so
prano, will assist Warren D. Allen,
University organist, in his regular
weekly organ recital tomorrow at
4:15 p.m., Dr. Allen said yesterday.
Mrs. Edna Folsam De Larios, so
prano, will assist Warren D. Allen,
University organist, in his regular
weekly organ recital tomorrow at
4:15 p.m., Dr. Allen said yesterday.
Mrs. Edna Folsam De Larios, so
prano, will assist Warren D. Allen,
University organist, in his regular
weekly organ recital tomorrow at
4:15 p.m., Dr. Allen said yesterday.
Mrs. Edna Folsam De Larios, so
prano, will assist Warren D. Allen,
University organist, in his regular
weekly organ recital tomorrow at
4:15 p.m., Dr. Allen said yesterday.
Mrs. Edna Folsam De Larios, so
prano, will assist Warren D. Allen,
University organist, in his regular
weekly organ recital tomorrow at
4:15 p.m., Dr. Allen said yesterday.
Mrs. Edna Folsam De Larios, so
prano, will assist Warren D. Allen,
University organist, in his regular
weekly organ recital tomorrow at
4:15 p.m., Dr. Allen said yesterday.
Mrs. Edna Folsam De Larios, so
prano, will assist Warren D. Allen,
University organist, in his regular
weekly organ recital tomorrow at
4:15 p.m., Dr. Allen said yesterday.
Mrs. Edna Folsam De Larios, so
prano, will assist Warren D. Allen,
University organist, in his regular
weekly organ recital tomorrow at
4:15 p.m., Dr. Allen said yesterday.
Mrs. Edna Folsam De Larios, so
prano, will assist Warren D. Allen,
University organist, in his regular
weekly organ recital tomorrow at
4:15 p.m., Dr. Allen said yesterday.
