# Bells Disturb Campus Belles
## 
### 
Library belles and guys who were
disturbed last Monday evening be
tween 7 and 8 by the bell ringing
on the History corner may be as
sured that they will study undis
turbed tonight.
Because the points on the bell,
which operates on a relay system,
were burned, the bell continued to
ring until they were disconnected
and resanded.
All campus bell points were re
sanded yesterday morning, accord
ing to Carroll L. Blacker, superin
tendent of buildings and grounds
Library belles and guys who were
disturbed last Monday evening be
tween 7 and 8 by the bell ringing
on the History corner may be as
sured that they will study undis
turbed tonight.
Because the points on the bell,
which operates on a relay system,
were burned, the bell continued to
ring until they were disconnected
and resanded.
All campus bell points were re
sanded yesterday morning, accord
ing to Carroll L. Blacker, superin
tendent of buildings and grounds
Library belles and guys who were
disturbed last Monday evening be
tween 7 and 8 by the bell ringing
on the History corner may be as
sured that they will study undis
turbed tonight.
Because the points on the bell,
which operates on a relay system,
were burned, the bell continued to
ring until they were disconnected
and resanded.
All campus bell points were re
sanded yesterday morning, accord
ing to Carroll L. Blacker, superin
tendent of buildings and grounds
Library belles and guys who were
disturbed last Monday evening be
tween 7 and 8 by the bell ringing
on the History corner may be as
sured that they will study undis
turbed tonight.
Because the points on the bell,
which operates on a relay system,
were burned, the bell continued to
ring until they were disconnected
and resanded.
All campus bell points were re
sanded yesterday morning, accord
ing to Carroll L. Blacker, superin
tendent of buildings and grounds
Library belles and guys who were
disturbed last Monday evening be
tween 7 and 8 by the bell ringing
on the History corner may be as
sured that they will study undis
turbed tonight.
Because the points on the bell,
which operates on a relay system,
were burned, the bell continued to
ring until they were disconnected
and resanded.
All campus bell points were re
sanded yesterday morning, accord
ing to Carroll L. Blacker, superin
tendent of buildings and grounds
Library belles and guys who were
disturbed last Monday evening be
tween 7 and 8 by the bell ringing
on the History corner may be as
sured that they will study undis
turbed tonight.
Because the points on the bell,
which operates on a relay system,
were burned, the bell continued to
ring until they were disconnected
and resanded.
All campus bell points were re
sanded yesterday morning, accord
ing to Carroll L. Blacker, superin
tendent of buildings and grounds
Library belles and guys who were
disturbed last Monday evening be
tween 7 and 8 by the bell ringing
on the History corner may be as
sured that they will study undis
turbed tonight.
Because the points on the bell,
which operates on a relay system,
were burned, the bell continued to
ring until they were disconnected
and resanded.
All campus bell points were re
sanded yesterday morning, accord
ing to Carroll L. Blacker, superin
tendent of buildings and grounds
Library belles and guys who were
disturbed last Monday evening be
tween 7 and 8 by the bell ringing
on the History corner may be as
sured that they will study undis
turbed tonight.
Because the points on the bell,
which operates on a relay system,
were burned, the bell continued to
ring until they were disconnected
and resanded.
All campus bell points were re
sanded yesterday morning, accord
ing to Carroll L. Blacker, superin
tendent of buildings and grounds
Library belles and guys who were
disturbed last Monday evening be
tween 7 and 8 by the bell ringing
on the History corner may be as
sured that they will study undis
turbed tonight.
Because the points on the bell,
which operates on a relay system,
were burned, the bell continued to
ring until they were disconnected
and resanded.
All campus bell points were re
sanded yesterday morning, accord
ing to Carroll L. Blacker, superin
tendent of buildings and grounds
Library belles and guys who were
disturbed last Monday evening be
tween 7 and 8 by the bell ringing
on the History corner may be as
sured that they will study undis
turbed tonight.
Because the points on the bell,
which operates on a relay system,
were burned, the bell continued to
ring until they were disconnected
and resanded.
All campus bell points were re
sanded yesterday morning, accord
ing to Carroll L. Blacker, superin
tendent of buildings and grounds
Library belles and guys who were
disturbed last Monday evening be
tween 7 and 8 by the bell ringing
on the History corner may be as
sured that they will study undis
turbed tonight.
Because the points on the bell,
which operates on a relay system,
were burned, the bell continued to
ring until they were disconnected
and resanded.
All campus bell points were re
sanded yesterday morning, accord
ing to Carroll L. Blacker, superin
tendent of buildings and grounds
Library belles and guys who were
disturbed last Monday evening be
tween 7 and 8 by the bell ringing
on the History corner may be as
sured that they will study undis
turbed tonight.
Because the points on the bell,
which operates on a relay system,
were burned, the bell continued to
ring until they were disconnected
and resanded.
All campus bell points were re
sanded yesterday morning, accord
ing to Carroll L. Blacker, superin
tendent of buildings and grounds
Library belles and guys who were
disturbed last Monday evening be
tween 7 and 8 by the bell ringing
on the History corner may be as
sured that they will study undis
turbed tonight.
Because the points on the bell,
which operates on a relay system,
were burned, the bell continued to
ring until they were disconnected
and resanded.
All campus bell points were re
sanded yesterday morning, accord
ing to Carroll L. Blacker, superin
tendent of buildings and grounds
Library belles and guys who were
disturbed last Monday evening be
tween 7 and 8 by the bell ringing
on the History corner may be as
sured that they will study undis
turbed tonight.
Because the points on the bell,
which operates on a relay system,
were burned, the bell continued to
ring until they were disconnected
and resanded.
All campus bell points were re
sanded yesterday morning, accord
ing to Carroll L. Blacker, superin
tendent of buildings and grounds
Library belles and guys who were
disturbed last Monday evening be
tween 7 and 8 by the bell ringing
on the History corner may be as
sured that they will study undis
turbed tonight.
Because the points on the bell,
which operates on a relay system,
were burned, the bell continued to
ring until they were disconnected
and resanded.
All campus bell points were re
sanded yesterday morning, accord
ing to Carroll L. Blacker, superin
tendent of buildings and grounds
