# Ted Schroeder Wins Handily
## 
### 
NEWPORT, R. 1.. Aug. 12 (UP).—
Sixteen players, including eight
Californians, blasted their way into
the quarter-finals of the Newport
Casino's 24th annual invitation
tournament today with Ted Schroe
der of Glendale, California, leading
the way.
Schroeder, arriving only this
morning, easily eliminated Sidney
Schwartz of Brooklyn, N.Y., in a
first - round match, 6-4, 6-3. The
hard-playing ex-Stanford star re
turned to the second-round matches
to oust Leonard Steiner of Brook
lyn, 7-5, 6-0.
NEWPORT, R. 1.. Aug. 12 (UP).—
Sixteen players, including eight
Californians, blasted their way into
the quarter-finals of the Newport
Casino's 24th annual invitation
tournament today with Ted Schroe
der of Glendale, California, leading
the way.
Schroeder, arriving only this
morning, easily eliminated Sidney
Schwartz of Brooklyn, N.Y., in a
first - round match, 6-4, 6-3. The
hard-playing ex-Stanford star re
turned to the second-round matches
to oust Leonard Steiner of Brook
lyn, 7-5, 6-0.
NEWPORT, R. 1.. Aug. 12 (UP).—
Sixteen players, including eight
Californians, blasted their way into
the quarter-finals of the Newport
Casino's 24th annual invitation
tournament today with Ted Schroe
der of Glendale, California, leading
the way.
Schroeder, arriving only this
morning, easily eliminated Sidney
Schwartz of Brooklyn, N.Y., in a
first - round match, 6-4, 6-3. The
hard-playing ex-Stanford star re
turned to the second-round matches
to oust Leonard Steiner of Brook
lyn, 7-5, 6-0.
NEWPORT, R. 1.. Aug. 12 (UP).—
Sixteen players, including eight
Californians, blasted their way into
the quarter-finals of the Newport
Casino's 24th annual invitation
tournament today with Ted Schroe
der of Glendale, California, leading
the way.
Schroeder, arriving only this
morning, easily eliminated Sidney
Schwartz of Brooklyn, N.Y., in a
first - round match, 6-4, 6-3. The
hard-playing ex-Stanford star re
turned to the second-round matches
to oust Leonard Steiner of Brook
lyn, 7-5, 6-0.
NEWPORT, R. 1.. Aug. 12 (UP).—
Sixteen players, including eight
Californians, blasted their way into
the quarter-finals of the Newport
Casino's 24th annual invitation
tournament today with Ted Schroe
der of Glendale, California, leading
the way.
Schroeder, arriving only this
morning, easily eliminated Sidney
Schwartz of Brooklyn, N.Y., in a
first - round match, 6-4, 6-3. The
hard-playing ex-Stanford star re
turned to the second-round matches
to oust Leonard Steiner of Brook
lyn, 7-5, 6-0.
NEWPORT, R. 1.. Aug. 12 (UP).—
Sixteen players, including eight
Californians, blasted their way into
the quarter-finals of the Newport
Casino's 24th annual invitation
tournament today with Ted Schroe
der of Glendale, California, leading
the way.
Schroeder, arriving only this
morning, easily eliminated Sidney
Schwartz of Brooklyn, N.Y., in a
first - round match, 6-4, 6-3. The
hard-playing ex-Stanford star re
turned to the second-round matches
to oust Leonard Steiner of Brook
lyn, 7-5, 6-0.
NEWPORT, R. 1.. Aug. 12 (UP).—
Sixteen players, including eight
Californians, blasted their way into
the quarter-finals of the Newport
Casino's 24th annual invitation
tournament today with Ted Schroe
der of Glendale, California, leading
the way.
Schroeder, arriving only this
morning, easily eliminated Sidney
Schwartz of Brooklyn, N.Y., in a
first - round match, 6-4, 6-3. The
hard-playing ex-Stanford star re
turned to the second-round matches
to oust Leonard Steiner of Brook
lyn, 7-5, 6-0.
NEWPORT, R. 1.. Aug. 12 (UP).—
Sixteen players, including eight
Californians, blasted their way into
the quarter-finals of the Newport
Casino's 24th annual invitation
tournament today with Ted Schroe
der of Glendale, California, leading
the way.
Schroeder, arriving only this
morning, easily eliminated Sidney
Schwartz of Brooklyn, N.Y., in a
first - round match, 6-4, 6-3. The
hard-playing ex-Stanford star re
turned to the second-round matches
to oust Leonard Steiner of Brook
lyn, 7-5, 6-0.
NEWPORT, R. 1.. Aug. 12 (UP).—
Sixteen players, including eight
Californians, blasted their way into
the quarter-finals of the Newport
Casino's 24th annual invitation
tournament today with Ted Schroe
der of Glendale, California, leading
the way.
Schroeder, arriving only this
morning, easily eliminated Sidney
Schwartz of Brooklyn, N.Y., in a
first - round match, 6-4, 6-3. The
hard-playing ex-Stanford star re
turned to the second-round matches
to oust Leonard Steiner of Brook
lyn, 7-5, 6-0.
NEWPORT, R. 1.. Aug. 12 (UP).—
Sixteen players, including eight
Californians, blasted their way into
the quarter-finals of the Newport
Casino's 24th annual invitation
tournament today with Ted Schroe
der of Glendale, California, leading
the way.
Schroeder, arriving only this
morning, easily eliminated Sidney
Schwartz of Brooklyn, N.Y., in a
first - round match, 6-4, 6-3. The
hard-playing ex-Stanford star re
turned to the second-round matches
to oust Leonard Steiner of Brook
lyn, 7-5, 6-0.
NEWPORT, R. 1.. Aug. 12 (UP).—
Sixteen players, including eight
Californians, blasted their way into
the quarter-finals of the Newport
Casino's 24th annual invitation
tournament today with Ted Schroe
der of Glendale, California, leading
the way.
Schroeder, arriving only this
morning, easily eliminated Sidney
Schwartz of Brooklyn, N.Y., in a
first - round match, 6-4, 6-3. The
hard-playing ex-Stanford star re
turned to the second-round matches
to oust Leonard Steiner of Brook
lyn, 7-5, 6-0.
NEWPORT, R. 1.. Aug. 12 (UP).—
Sixteen players, including eight
Californians, blasted their way into
the quarter-finals of the Newport
Casino's 24th annual invitation
tournament today with Ted Schroe
der of Glendale, California, leading
the way.
Schroeder, arriving only this
morning, easily eliminated Sidney
Schwartz of Brooklyn, N.Y., in a
first - round match, 6-4, 6-3. The
hard-playing ex-Stanford star re
turned to the second-round matches
to oust Leonard Steiner of Brook
lyn, 7-5, 6-0.
NEWPORT, R. 1.. Aug. 12 (UP).—
Sixteen players, including eight
Californians, blasted their way into
the quarter-finals of the Newport
Casino's 24th annual invitation
tournament today with Ted Schroe
der of Glendale, California, leading
the way.
Schroeder, arriving only this
morning, easily eliminated Sidney
Schwartz of Brooklyn, N.Y., in a
first - round match, 6-4, 6-3. The
hard-playing ex-Stanford star re
turned to the second-round matches
to oust Leonard Steiner of Brook
lyn, 7-5, 6-0.
NEWPORT, R. 1.. Aug. 12 (UP).—
Sixteen players, including eight
Californians, blasted their way into
the quarter-finals of the Newport
Casino's 24th annual invitation
tournament today with Ted Schroe
der of Glendale, California, leading
the way.
Schroeder, arriving only this
morning, easily eliminated Sidney
Schwartz of Brooklyn, N.Y., in a
first - round match, 6-4, 6-3. The
hard-playing ex-Stanford star re
turned to the second-round matches
to oust Leonard Steiner of Brook
lyn, 7-5, 6-0.
NEWPORT, R. 1.. Aug. 12 (UP).—
Sixteen players, including eight
Californians, blasted their way into
the quarter-finals of the Newport
Casino's 24th annual invitation
tournament today with Ted Schroe
der of Glendale, California, leading
the way.
Schroeder, arriving only this
morning, easily eliminated Sidney
Schwartz of Brooklyn, N.Y., in a
first - round match, 6-4, 6-3. The
hard-playing ex-Stanford star re
turned to the second-round matches
to oust Leonard Steiner of Brook
lyn, 7-5, 6-0.
