# Kappa Alpha Continues To Lead 'Murals
## 
### BILL WARDEN 
The ATO softballers put another
notch in the win column last Mon
day when they edged out the Phi'
Delta Theta squad by the score .of
2 to 1.
The game, a hard-fought affair,
was decided by the bat of Ralph
Whitaker, when his hit drove in Art
Dunlap and Jug Shoaf with what
later proved to be the winning run.
At the same time on the other
end of the field, the Firehouse was
being knocked off by Phi Psi by the
score of 6 to 0. 'Marshall Hjelte
opened the game on the mound for
the losers, but he was knocked out
of the box and "Frankie" Jourdin
replaced him for the remainder ol
the contest.
SCARCITY OF HITS
Phi Psi managed to get only two
marks in the hit column, but they
were coupled with several Fire
house errors to bring about the de
feat.
In the other game played Mon
day, Phi Delta Phi emerged victo
rious over Encina 4E by the score
of 12 to 7. The contest, which was
a free-scoring affair, was featured
by two terrific runs that were
produced from the Hof Walter
Chouteau of Phi Delta Pni. The En
cina boys were hitting the ball hard
and well, but right into the hands
of Phi Delta Phi outfielders.
KAPPPA ALPHAS WIN
In the only game played yester
day, Kappa Alpha continued their
usual tactics by slaughtering the
ATO team by the count of 19 to 2.
The victors put on a terrific hit bar
rage. and the losers helped the
cause along by committing many
errors that spelled their downfall.
In the other game scheduled for
yesterday, Phi Delta Theta was the
victor by default when Encina 3W
failed to put a team on the field.
The ATO softballers put another
notch in the win column last Mon
day when they edged out the Phi'
Delta Theta squad by the score .of
2 to 1.
The game, a hard-fought affair,
was decided by the bat of Ralph
Whitaker, when his hit drove in Art
Dunlap and Jug Shoaf with what
later proved to be the winning run.
At the same time on the other
end of the field, the Firehouse was
being knocked off by Phi Psi by the
score of 6 to 0. 'Marshall Hjelte
opened the game on the mound for
the losers, but he was knocked out
of the box and "Frankie" Jourdin
replaced him for the remainder ol
the contest.
SCARCITY OF HITS
Phi Psi managed to get only two
marks in the hit column, but they
were coupled with several Fire
house errors to bring about the de
feat.
In the other game played Mon
day, Phi Delta Phi emerged victo
rious over Encina 4E by the score
of 12 to 7. The contest, which was
a free-scoring affair, was featured
by two terrific runs that were
produced from the Hof Walter
Chouteau of Phi Delta Pni. The En
cina boys were hitting the ball hard
and well, but right into the hands
of Phi Delta Phi outfielders.
KAPPPA ALPHAS WIN
In the only game played yester
day, Kappa Alpha continued their
usual tactics by slaughtering the
ATO team by the count of 19 to 2.
The victors put on a terrific hit bar
rage. and the losers helped the
cause along by committing many
errors that spelled their downfall.
In the other game scheduled for
yesterday, Phi Delta Theta was the
victor by default when Encina 3W
failed to put a team on the field.
The ATO softballers put another
notch in the win column last Mon
day when they edged out the Phi'
Delta Theta squad by the score .of
2 to 1.
The game, a hard-fought affair,
was decided by the bat of Ralph
Whitaker, when his hit drove in Art
Dunlap and Jug Shoaf with what
later proved to be the winning run.
At the same time on the other
end of the field, the Firehouse was
being knocked off by Phi Psi by the
score of 6 to 0. 'Marshall Hjelte
opened the game on the mound for
the losers, but he was knocked out
of the box and "Frankie" Jourdin
replaced him for the remainder ol
the contest.
SCARCITY OF HITS
Phi Psi managed to get only two
marks in the hit column, but they
were coupled with several Fire
house errors to bring about the de
feat.
In the other game played Mon
day, Phi Delta Phi emerged victo
rious over Encina 4E by the score
of 12 to 7. The contest, which was
a free-scoring affair, was featured
by two terrific runs that were
produced from the Hof Walter
Chouteau of Phi Delta Pni. The En
cina boys were hitting the ball hard
and well, but right into the hands
of Phi Delta Phi outfielders.
KAPPPA ALPHAS WIN
In the only game played yester
day, Kappa Alpha continued their
usual tactics by slaughtering the
ATO team by the count of 19 to 2.
The victors put on a terrific hit bar
rage. and the losers helped the
cause along by committing many
errors that spelled their downfall.
In the other game scheduled for
yesterday, Phi Delta Theta was the
victor by default when Encina 3W
failed to put a team on the field.
The ATO softballers put another
notch in the win column last Mon
day when they edged out the Phi'
Delta Theta squad by the score .of
2 to 1.
The game, a hard-fought affair,
was decided by the bat of Ralph
Whitaker, when his hit drove in Art
Dunlap and Jug Shoaf with what
later proved to be the winning run.
At the same time on the other
end of the field, the Firehouse was
being knocked off by Phi Psi by the
score of 6 to 0. 'Marshall Hjelte
opened the game on the mound for
the losers, but he was knocked out
of the box and "Frankie" Jourdin
replaced him for the remainder ol
the contest.
SCARCITY OF HITS
Phi Psi managed to get only two
marks in the hit column, but they
were coupled with several Fire
house errors to bring about the de
feat.
In the other game played Mon
day, Phi Delta Phi emerged victo
rious over Encina 4E by the score
of 12 to 7. The contest, which was
a free-scoring affair, was featured
by two terrific runs that were
produced from the Hof Walter
Chouteau of Phi Delta Pni. The En
cina boys were hitting the ball hard
and well, but right into the hands
of Phi Delta Phi outfielders.
KAPPPA ALPHAS WIN
In the only game played yester
day, Kappa Alpha continued their
usual tactics by slaughtering the
ATO team by the count of 19 to 2.
The victors put on a terrific hit bar
rage. and the losers helped the
cause along by committing many
errors that spelled their downfall.
In the other game scheduled for
yesterday, Phi Delta Theta was the
victor by default when Encina 3W
failed to put a team on the field.
The ATO softballers put another
notch in the win column last Mon
day when they edged out the Phi'
Delta Theta squad by the score .of
2 to 1.
The game, a hard-fought affair,
was decided by the bat of Ralph
Whitaker, when his hit drove in Art
Dunlap and Jug Shoaf with what
later proved to be the winning run.
At the same time on the other
end of the field, the Firehouse was
being knocked off by Phi Psi by the
score of 6 to 0. 'Marshall Hjelte
opened the game on the mound for
the losers, but he was knocked out
of the box and "Frankie" Jourdin
replaced him for the remainder ol
the contest.
SCARCITY OF HITS
Phi Psi managed to get only two
marks in the hit column, but they
were coupled with several Fire
house errors to bring about the de
feat.
In the other game played Mon
day, Phi Delta Phi emerged victo
rious over Encina 4E by the score
of 12 to 7. The contest, which was
a free-scoring affair, was featured
by two terrific runs that were
produced from the Hof Walter
Chouteau of Phi Delta Pni. The En
cina boys were hitting the ball hard
and well, but right into the hands
of Phi Delta Phi outfielders.
KAPPPA ALPHAS WIN
In the only game played yester
day, Kappa Alpha continued their
usual tactics by slaughtering the
ATO team by the count of 19 to 2.
The victors put on a terrific hit bar
rage. and the losers helped the
cause along by committing many
errors that spelled their downfall.
In the other game scheduled for
yesterday, Phi Delta Theta was the
victor by default when Encina 3W
failed to put a team on the field.
The ATO softballers put another
notch in the win column last Mon
day when they edged out the Phi'
Delta Theta squad by the score .of
2 to 1.
The game, a hard-fought affair,
was decided by the bat of Ralph
Whitaker, when his hit drove in Art
Dunlap and Jug Shoaf with what
later proved to be the winning run.
At the same time on the other
end of the field, the Firehouse was
being knocked off by Phi Psi by the
score of 6 to 0. 'Marshall Hjelte
opened the game on the mound for
the losers, but he was knocked out
of the box and "Frankie" Jourdin
replaced him for the remainder ol
the contest.
SCARCITY OF HITS
Phi Psi managed to get only two
marks in the hit column, but they
were coupled with several Fire
house errors to bring about the de
feat.
In the other game played Mon
day, Phi Delta Phi emerged victo
rious over Encina 4E by the score
of 12 to 7. The contest, which was
a free-scoring affair, was featured
by two terrific runs that were
produced from the Hof Walter
Chouteau of Phi Delta Pni. The En
cina boys were hitting the ball hard
and well, but right into the hands
of Phi Delta Phi outfielders.
KAPPPA ALPHAS WIN
In the only game played yester
day, Kappa Alpha continued their
usual tactics by slaughtering the
ATO team by the count of 19 to 2.
The victors put on a terrific hit bar
rage. and the losers helped the
cause along by committing many
errors that spelled their downfall.
In the other game scheduled for
yesterday, Phi Delta Theta was the
victor by default when Encina 3W
failed to put a team on the field.
The ATO softballers put another
notch in the win column last Mon
day when they edged out the Phi'
Delta Theta squad by the score .of
2 to 1.
The game, a hard-fought affair,
was decided by the bat of Ralph
Whitaker, when his hit drove in Art
Dunlap and Jug Shoaf with what
later proved to be the winning run.
At the same time on the other
end of the field, the Firehouse was
being knocked off by Phi Psi by the
score of 6 to 0. 'Marshall Hjelte
opened the game on the mound for
the losers, but he was knocked out
of the box and "Frankie" Jourdin
replaced him for the remainder ol
the contest.
SCARCITY OF HITS
Phi Psi managed to get only two
marks in the hit column, but they
were coupled with several Fire
house errors to bring about the de
feat.
In the other game played Mon
day, Phi Delta Phi emerged victo
rious over Encina 4E by the score
of 12 to 7. The contest, which was
a free-scoring affair, was featured
by two terrific runs that were
produced from the Hof Walter
Chouteau of Phi Delta Pni. The En
cina boys were hitting the ball hard
and well, but right into the hands
of Phi Delta Phi outfielders.
KAPPPA ALPHAS WIN
In the only game played yester
day, Kappa Alpha continued their
usual tactics by slaughtering the
ATO team by the count of 19 to 2.
The victors put on a terrific hit bar
rage. and the losers helped the
cause along by committing many
errors that spelled their downfall.
In the other game scheduled for
yesterday, Phi Delta Theta was the
victor by default when Encina 3W
failed to put a team on the field.
The ATO softballers put another
notch in the win column last Mon
day when they edged out the Phi'
Delta Theta squad by the score .of
2 to 1.
The game, a hard-fought affair,
was decided by the bat of Ralph
Whitaker, when his hit drove in Art
Dunlap and Jug Shoaf with what
later proved to be the winning run.
At the same time on the other
end of the field, the Firehouse was
being knocked off by Phi Psi by the
score of 6 to 0. 'Marshall Hjelte
opened the game on the mound for
the losers, but he was knocked out
of the box and "Frankie" Jourdin
replaced him for the remainder ol
the contest.
SCARCITY OF HITS
Phi Psi managed to get only two
marks in the hit column, but they
were coupled with several Fire
house errors to bring about the de
feat.
In the other game played Mon
day, Phi Delta Phi emerged victo
rious over Encina 4E by the score
of 12 to 7. The contest, which was
a free-scoring affair, was featured
by two terrific runs that were
produced from the Hof Walter
Chouteau of Phi Delta Pni. The En
cina boys were hitting the ball hard
and well, but right into the hands
of Phi Delta Phi outfielders.
KAPPPA ALPHAS WIN
In the only game played yester
day, Kappa Alpha continued their
usual tactics by slaughtering the
ATO team by the count of 19 to 2.
The victors put on a terrific hit bar
rage. and the losers helped the
cause along by committing many
errors that spelled their downfall.
In the other game scheduled for
yesterday, Phi Delta Theta was the
victor by default when Encina 3W
failed to put a team on the field.
The ATO softballers put another
notch in the win column last Mon
day when they edged out the Phi'
Delta Theta squad by the score .of
2 to 1.
The game, a hard-fought affair,
was decided by the bat of Ralph
Whitaker, when his hit drove in Art
Dunlap and Jug Shoaf with what
later proved to be the winning run.
At the same time on the other
end of the field, the Firehouse was
being knocked off by Phi Psi by the
score of 6 to 0. 'Marshall Hjelte
opened the game on the mound for
the losers, but he was knocked out
of the box and "Frankie" Jourdin
replaced him for the remainder ol
the contest.
SCARCITY OF HITS
Phi Psi managed to get only two
marks in the hit column, but they
were coupled with several Fire
house errors to bring about the de
feat.
In the other game played Mon
day, Phi Delta Phi emerged victo
rious over Encina 4E by the score
of 12 to 7. The contest, which was
a free-scoring affair, was featured
by two terrific runs that were
produced from the Hof Walter
Chouteau of Phi Delta Pni. The En
cina boys were hitting the ball hard
and well, but right into the hands
of Phi Delta Phi outfielders.
KAPPPA ALPHAS WIN
In the only game played yester
day, Kappa Alpha continued their
usual tactics by slaughtering the
ATO team by the count of 19 to 2.
The victors put on a terrific hit bar
rage. and the losers helped the
cause along by committing many
errors that spelled their downfall.
In the other game scheduled for
yesterday, Phi Delta Theta was the
victor by default when Encina 3W
failed to put a team on the field.
The ATO softballers put another
notch in the win column last Mon
day when they edged out the Phi'
Delta Theta squad by the score .of
2 to 1.
The game, a hard-fought affair,
was decided by the bat of Ralph
Whitaker, when his hit drove in Art
Dunlap and Jug Shoaf with what
later proved to be the winning run.
At the same time on the other
end of the field, the Firehouse was
being knocked off by Phi Psi by the
score of 6 to 0. 'Marshall Hjelte
opened the game on the mound for
the losers, but he was knocked out
of the box and "Frankie" Jourdin
replaced him for the remainder ol
the contest.
SCARCITY OF HITS
Phi Psi managed to get only two
marks in the hit column, but they
were coupled with several Fire
house errors to bring about the de
feat.
In the other game played Mon
day, Phi Delta Phi emerged victo
rious over Encina 4E by the score
of 12 to 7. The contest, which was
a free-scoring affair, was featured
by two terrific runs that were
produced from the Hof Walter
Chouteau of Phi Delta Pni. The En
cina boys were hitting the ball hard
and well, but right into the hands
of Phi Delta Phi outfielders.
KAPPPA ALPHAS WIN
In the only game played yester
day, Kappa Alpha continued their
usual tactics by slaughtering the
ATO team by the count of 19 to 2.
The victors put on a terrific hit bar
rage. and the losers helped the
cause along by committing many
errors that spelled their downfall.
In the other game scheduled for
yesterday, Phi Delta Theta was the
victor by default when Encina 3W
failed to put a team on the field.
The ATO softballers put another
notch in the win column last Mon
day when they edged out the Phi'
Delta Theta squad by the score .of
2 to 1.
The game, a hard-fought affair,
was decided by the bat of Ralph
Whitaker, when his hit drove in Art
Dunlap and Jug Shoaf with what
later proved to be the winning run.
At the same time on the other
end of the field, the Firehouse was
being knocked off by Phi Psi by the
score of 6 to 0. 'Marshall Hjelte
opened the game on the mound for
the losers, but he was knocked out
of the box and "Frankie" Jourdin
replaced him for the remainder ol
the contest.
SCARCITY OF HITS
Phi Psi managed to get only two
marks in the hit column, but they
were coupled with several Fire
house errors to bring about the de
feat.
In the other game played Mon
day, Phi Delta Phi emerged victo
rious over Encina 4E by the score
of 12 to 7. The contest, which was
a free-scoring affair, was featured
by two terrific runs that were
produced from the Hof Walter
Chouteau of Phi Delta Pni. The En
cina boys were hitting the ball hard
and well, but right into the hands
of Phi Delta Phi outfielders.
KAPPPA ALPHAS WIN
In the only game played yester
day, Kappa Alpha continued their
usual tactics by slaughtering the
ATO team by the count of 19 to 2.
The victors put on a terrific hit bar
rage. and the losers helped the
cause along by committing many
errors that spelled their downfall.
In the other game scheduled for
yesterday, Phi Delta Theta was the
victor by default when Encina 3W
failed to put a team on the field.
The ATO softballers put another
notch in the win column last Mon
day when they edged out the Phi'
Delta Theta squad by the score .of
2 to 1.
The game, a hard-fought affair,
was decided by the bat of Ralph
Whitaker, when his hit drove in Art
Dunlap and Jug Shoaf with what
later proved to be the winning run.
At the same time on the other
end of the field, the Firehouse was
being knocked off by Phi Psi by the
score of 6 to 0. 'Marshall Hjelte
opened the game on the mound for
the losers, but he was knocked out
of the box and "Frankie" Jourdin
replaced him for the remainder ol
the contest.
SCARCITY OF HITS
Phi Psi managed to get only two
marks in the hit column, but they
were coupled with several Fire
house errors to bring about the de
feat.
In the other game played Mon
day, Phi Delta Phi emerged victo
rious over Encina 4E by the score
of 12 to 7. The contest, which was
a free-scoring affair, was featured
by two terrific runs that were
produced from the Hof Walter
Chouteau of Phi Delta Pni. The En
cina boys were hitting the ball hard
and well, but right into the hands
of Phi Delta Phi outfielders.
KAPPPA ALPHAS WIN
In the only game played yester
day, Kappa Alpha continued their
usual tactics by slaughtering the
ATO team by the count of 19 to 2.
The victors put on a terrific hit bar
rage. and the losers helped the
cause along by committing many
errors that spelled their downfall.
In the other game scheduled for
yesterday, Phi Delta Theta was the
victor by default when Encina 3W
failed to put a team on the field.
The ATO softballers put another
notch in the win column last Mon
day when they edged out the Phi'
Delta Theta squad by the score .of
2 to 1.
The game, a hard-fought affair,
was decided by the bat of Ralph
Whitaker, when his hit drove in Art
Dunlap and Jug Shoaf with what
later proved to be the winning run.
At the same time on the other
end of the field, the Firehouse was
being knocked off by Phi Psi by the
score of 6 to 0. 'Marshall Hjelte
opened the game on the mound for
the losers, but he was knocked out
of the box and "Frankie" Jourdin
replaced him for the remainder ol
the contest.
SCARCITY OF HITS
Phi Psi managed to get only two
marks in the hit column, but they
were coupled with several Fire
house errors to bring about the de
feat.
In the other game played Mon
day, Phi Delta Phi emerged victo
rious over Encina 4E by the score
of 12 to 7. The contest, which was
a free-scoring affair, was featured
by two terrific runs that were
produced from the Hof Walter
Chouteau of Phi Delta Pni. The En
cina boys were hitting the ball hard
and well, but right into the hands
of Phi Delta Phi outfielders.
KAPPPA ALPHAS WIN
In the only game played yester
day, Kappa Alpha continued their
usual tactics by slaughtering the
ATO team by the count of 19 to 2.
The victors put on a terrific hit bar
rage. and the losers helped the
cause along by committing many
errors that spelled their downfall.
In the other game scheduled for
yesterday, Phi Delta Theta was the
victor by default when Encina 3W
failed to put a team on the field.
The ATO softballers put another
notch in the win column last Mon
day when they edged out the Phi'
Delta Theta squad by the score .of
2 to 1.
The game, a hard-fought affair,
was decided by the bat of Ralph
Whitaker, when his hit drove in Art
Dunlap and Jug Shoaf with what
later proved to be the winning run.
At the same time on the other
end of the field, the Firehouse was
being knocked off by Phi Psi by the
score of 6 to 0. 'Marshall Hjelte
opened the game on the mound for
the losers, but he was knocked out
of the box and "Frankie" Jourdin
replaced him for the remainder ol
the contest.
SCARCITY OF HITS
Phi Psi managed to get only two
marks in the hit column, but they
were coupled with several Fire
house errors to bring about the de
feat.
In the other game played Mon
day, Phi Delta Phi emerged victo
rious over Encina 4E by the score
of 12 to 7. The contest, which was
a free-scoring affair, was featured
by two terrific runs that were
produced from the Hof Walter
Chouteau of Phi Delta Pni. The En
cina boys were hitting the ball hard
and well, but right into the hands
of Phi Delta Phi outfielders.
KAPPPA ALPHAS WIN
In the only game played yester
day, Kappa Alpha continued their
usual tactics by slaughtering the
ATO team by the count of 19 to 2.
The victors put on a terrific hit bar
rage. and the losers helped the
cause along by committing many
errors that spelled their downfall.
In the other game scheduled for
yesterday, Phi Delta Theta was the
victor by default when Encina 3W
failed to put a team on the field.
The ATO softballers put another
notch in the win column last Mon
day when they edged out the Phi'
Delta Theta squad by the score .of
2 to 1.
The game, a hard-fought affair,
was decided by the bat of Ralph
Whitaker, when his hit drove in Art
Dunlap and Jug Shoaf with what
later proved to be the winning run.
At the same time on the other
end of the field, the Firehouse was
being knocked off by Phi Psi by the
score of 6 to 0. 'Marshall Hjelte
opened the game on the mound for
the losers, but he was knocked out
of the box and "Frankie" Jourdin
replaced him for the remainder ol
the contest.
SCARCITY OF HITS
Phi Psi managed to get only two
marks in the hit column, but they
were coupled with several Fire
house errors to bring about the de
feat.
In the other game played Mon
day, Phi Delta Phi emerged victo
rious over Encina 4E by the score
of 12 to 7. The contest, which was
a free-scoring affair, was featured
by two terrific runs that were
produced from the Hof Walter
Chouteau of Phi Delta Pni. The En
cina boys were hitting the ball hard
and well, but right into the hands
of Phi Delta Phi outfielders.
KAPPPA ALPHAS WIN
In the only game played yester
day, Kappa Alpha continued their
usual tactics by slaughtering the
ATO team by the count of 19 to 2.
The victors put on a terrific hit bar
rage. and the losers helped the
cause along by committing many
errors that spelled their downfall.
In the other game scheduled for
yesterday, Phi Delta Theta was the
victor by default when Encina 3W
failed to put a team on the field.
