# Revolt 'Just Happened'
## 
### 
"Revolution is never inevitable
until it's happened," emphasized
Michael Karpovich, Harvard histo
rian, when he appeared as the
Tuesday evening lecturer last night
in Memorial Auditorium.
Citing the 1917 Russian uprising
as the "classic example of a revo
lution which was not planned by
anyone" but "just happened," Kar
povich pointed out that despite the
traditional tensions — political, so
cio-economic, and cultural — there
was no "immediate revolutionary
situation" in the days preceding
March 12.
Even though these tensions had

been intensified by war, their ex
tent has been greatly exaggerated,
he continued, explaining that even
at the end of the imperial regime
there was still opportunity of post
poning the overthrow. Despite the
"vague anticipation," there was no
widespread desire or planning of a
revolution "even as an eventuality."
The revolution actually began as
a food riot—a "spontaneous move
ment" with no center. Because the
Duma gave its official "stamp of ap
proval" when troops refused to dis
band the movement, that primarily
conservative body became "revolu
tionaries in spite of themselves."
"Revolution is never inevitable
until it's happened," emphasized
Michael Karpovich, Harvard histo
rian, when he appeared as the
Tuesday evening lecturer last night
in Memorial Auditorium.
Citing the 1917 Russian uprising
as the "classic example of a revo
lution which was not planned by
anyone" but "just happened," Kar
povich pointed out that despite the
traditional tensions — political, so
cio-economic, and cultural — there
was no "immediate revolutionary
situation" in the days preceding
March 12.
Even though these tensions had

been intensified by war, their ex
tent has been greatly exaggerated,
he continued, explaining that even
at the end of the imperial regime
there was still opportunity of post
poning the overthrow. Despite the
"vague anticipation," there was no
widespread desire or planning of a
revolution "even as an eventuality."
The revolution actually began as
a food riot—a "spontaneous move
ment" with no center. Because the
Duma gave its official "stamp of ap
proval" when troops refused to dis
band the movement, that primarily
conservative body became "revolu
tionaries in spite of themselves."
"Revolution is never inevitable
until it's happened," emphasized
Michael Karpovich, Harvard histo
rian, when he appeared as the
Tuesday evening lecturer last night
in Memorial Auditorium.
Citing the 1917 Russian uprising
as the "classic example of a revo
lution which was not planned by
anyone" but "just happened," Kar
povich pointed out that despite the
traditional tensions — political, so
cio-economic, and cultural — there
was no "immediate revolutionary
situation" in the days preceding
March 12.
Even though these tensions had

been intensified by war, their ex
tent has been greatly exaggerated,
he continued, explaining that even
at the end of the imperial regime
there was still opportunity of post
poning the overthrow. Despite the
"vague anticipation," there was no
widespread desire or planning of a
revolution "even as an eventuality."
The revolution actually began as
a food riot—a "spontaneous move
ment" with no center. Because the
Duma gave its official "stamp of ap
proval" when troops refused to dis
band the movement, that primarily
conservative body became "revolu
tionaries in spite of themselves."
"Revolution is never inevitable
until it's happened," emphasized
Michael Karpovich, Harvard histo
rian, when he appeared as the
Tuesday evening lecturer last night
in Memorial Auditorium.
Citing the 1917 Russian uprising
as the "classic example of a revo
lution which was not planned by
anyone" but "just happened," Kar
povich pointed out that despite the
traditional tensions — political, so
cio-economic, and cultural — there
was no "immediate revolutionary
situation" in the days preceding
March 12.
Even though these tensions had

been intensified by war, their ex
tent has been greatly exaggerated,
he continued, explaining that even
at the end of the imperial regime
there was still opportunity of post
poning the overthrow. Despite the
"vague anticipation," there was no
widespread desire or planning of a
revolution "even as an eventuality."
The revolution actually began as
a food riot—a "spontaneous move
ment" with no center. Because the
Duma gave its official "stamp of ap
proval" when troops refused to dis
band the movement, that primarily
conservative body became "revolu
tionaries in spite of themselves."
"Revolution is never inevitable
until it's happened," emphasized
Michael Karpovich, Harvard histo
rian, when he appeared as the
Tuesday evening lecturer last night
in Memorial Auditorium.
Citing the 1917 Russian uprising
as the "classic example of a revo
lution which was not planned by
anyone" but "just happened," Kar
povich pointed out that despite the
traditional tensions — political, so
cio-economic, and cultural — there
was no "immediate revolutionary
situation" in the days preceding
March 12.
Even though these tensions had

been intensified by war, their ex
tent has been greatly exaggerated,
he continued, explaining that even
at the end of the imperial regime
there was still opportunity of post
poning the overthrow. Despite the
"vague anticipation," there was no
widespread desire or planning of a
revolution "even as an eventuality."
The revolution actually began as
a food riot—a "spontaneous move
ment" with no center. Because the
Duma gave its official "stamp of ap
proval" when troops refused to dis
band the movement, that primarily
conservative body became "revolu
tionaries in spite of themselves."
"Revolution is never inevitable
until it's happened," emphasized
Michael Karpovich, Harvard histo
rian, when he appeared as the
Tuesday evening lecturer last night
in Memorial Auditorium.
Citing the 1917 Russian uprising
as the "classic example of a revo
lution which was not planned by
anyone" but "just happened," Kar
povich pointed out that despite the
traditional tensions — political, so
cio-economic, and cultural — there
was no "immediate revolutionary
situation" in the days preceding
March 12.
Even though these tensions had

been intensified by war, their ex
tent has been greatly exaggerated,
he continued, explaining that even
at the end of the imperial regime
there was still opportunity of post
poning the overthrow. Despite the
"vague anticipation," there was no
widespread desire or planning of a
revolution "even as an eventuality."
The revolution actually began as
a food riot—a "spontaneous move
ment" with no center. Because the
Duma gave its official "stamp of ap
proval" when troops refused to dis
band the movement, that primarily
conservative body became "revolu
tionaries in spite of themselves."
"Revolution is never inevitable
until it's happened," emphasized
Michael Karpovich, Harvard histo
rian, when he appeared as the
Tuesday evening lecturer last night
in Memorial Auditorium.
Citing the 1917 Russian uprising
as the "classic example of a revo
lution which was not planned by
anyone" but "just happened," Kar
povich pointed out that despite the
traditional tensions — political, so
cio-economic, and cultural — there
was no "immediate revolutionary
situation" in the days preceding
March 12.
Even though these tensions had

been intensified by war, their ex
tent has been greatly exaggerated,
he continued, explaining that even
at the end of the imperial regime
there was still opportunity of post
poning the overthrow. Despite the
"vague anticipation," there was no
widespread desire or planning of a
revolution "even as an eventuality."
The revolution actually began as
a food riot—a "spontaneous move
ment" with no center. Because the
Duma gave its official "stamp of ap
proval" when troops refused to dis
band the movement, that primarily
conservative body became "revolu
tionaries in spite of themselves."
"Revolution is never inevitable
until it's happened," emphasized
Michael Karpovich, Harvard histo
rian, when he appeared as the
Tuesday evening lecturer last night
in Memorial Auditorium.
Citing the 1917 Russian uprising
as the "classic example of a revo
lution which was not planned by
anyone" but "just happened," Kar
povich pointed out that despite the
traditional tensions — political, so
cio-economic, and cultural — there
was no "immediate revolutionary
situation" in the days preceding
March 12.
Even though these tensions had

been intensified by war, their ex
tent has been greatly exaggerated,
he continued, explaining that even
at the end of the imperial regime
there was still opportunity of post
poning the overthrow. Despite the
"vague anticipation," there was no
widespread desire or planning of a
revolution "even as an eventuality."
The revolution actually began as
a food riot—a "spontaneous move
ment" with no center. Because the
Duma gave its official "stamp of ap
proval" when troops refused to dis
band the movement, that primarily
conservative body became "revolu
tionaries in spite of themselves."
"Revolution is never inevitable
until it's happened," emphasized
Michael Karpovich, Harvard histo
rian, when he appeared as the
Tuesday evening lecturer last night
in Memorial Auditorium.
Citing the 1917 Russian uprising
as the "classic example of a revo
lution which was not planned by
anyone" but "just happened," Kar
povich pointed out that despite the
traditional tensions — political, so
cio-economic, and cultural — there
was no "immediate revolutionary
situation" in the days preceding
March 12.
Even though these tensions had

been intensified by war, their ex
tent has been greatly exaggerated,
he continued, explaining that even
at the end of the imperial regime
there was still opportunity of post
poning the overthrow. Despite the
"vague anticipation," there was no
widespread desire or planning of a
revolution "even as an eventuality."
The revolution actually began as
a food riot—a "spontaneous move
ment" with no center. Because the
Duma gave its official "stamp of ap
proval" when troops refused to dis
band the movement, that primarily
conservative body became "revolu
tionaries in spite of themselves."
"Revolution is never inevitable
until it's happened," emphasized
Michael Karpovich, Harvard histo
rian, when he appeared as the
Tuesday evening lecturer last night
in Memorial Auditorium.
Citing the 1917 Russian uprising
as the "classic example of a revo
lution which was not planned by
anyone" but "just happened," Kar
povich pointed out that despite the
traditional tensions — political, so
cio-economic, and cultural — there
was no "immediate revolutionary
situation" in the days preceding
March 12.
Even though these tensions had

been intensified by war, their ex
tent has been greatly exaggerated,
he continued, explaining that even
at the end of the imperial regime
there was still opportunity of post
poning the overthrow. Despite the
"vague anticipation," there was no
widespread desire or planning of a
revolution "even as an eventuality."
The revolution actually began as
a food riot—a "spontaneous move
ment" with no center. Because the
Duma gave its official "stamp of ap
proval" when troops refused to dis
band the movement, that primarily
conservative body became "revolu
tionaries in spite of themselves."
"Revolution is never inevitable
until it's happened," emphasized
Michael Karpovich, Harvard histo
rian, when he appeared as the
Tuesday evening lecturer last night
in Memorial Auditorium.
Citing the 1917 Russian uprising
as the "classic example of a revo
lution which was not planned by
anyone" but "just happened," Kar
povich pointed out that despite the
traditional tensions — political, so
cio-economic, and cultural — there
was no "immediate revolutionary
situation" in the days preceding
March 12.
Even though these tensions had

been intensified by war, their ex
tent has been greatly exaggerated,
he continued, explaining that even
at the end of the imperial regime
there was still opportunity of post
poning the overthrow. Despite the
"vague anticipation," there was no
widespread desire or planning of a
revolution "even as an eventuality."
The revolution actually began as
a food riot—a "spontaneous move
ment" with no center. Because the
Duma gave its official "stamp of ap
proval" when troops refused to dis
band the movement, that primarily
conservative body became "revolu
tionaries in spite of themselves."
"Revolution is never inevitable
until it's happened," emphasized
Michael Karpovich, Harvard histo
rian, when he appeared as the
Tuesday evening lecturer last night
in Memorial Auditorium.
Citing the 1917 Russian uprising
as the "classic example of a revo
lution which was not planned by
anyone" but "just happened," Kar
povich pointed out that despite the
traditional tensions — political, so
cio-economic, and cultural — there
was no "immediate revolutionary
situation" in the days preceding
March 12.
Even though these tensions had

been intensified by war, their ex
tent has been greatly exaggerated,
he continued, explaining that even
at the end of the imperial regime
there was still opportunity of post
poning the overthrow. Despite the
"vague anticipation," there was no
widespread desire or planning of a
revolution "even as an eventuality."
The revolution actually began as
a food riot—a "spontaneous move
ment" with no center. Because the
Duma gave its official "stamp of ap
proval" when troops refused to dis
band the movement, that primarily
conservative body became "revolu
tionaries in spite of themselves."
"Revolution is never inevitable
until it's happened," emphasized
Michael Karpovich, Harvard histo
rian, when he appeared as the
Tuesday evening lecturer last night
in Memorial Auditorium.
Citing the 1917 Russian uprising
as the "classic example of a revo
lution which was not planned by
anyone" but "just happened," Kar
povich pointed out that despite the
traditional tensions — political, so
cio-economic, and cultural — there
was no "immediate revolutionary
situation" in the days preceding
March 12.
Even though these tensions had

been intensified by war, their ex
tent has been greatly exaggerated,
he continued, explaining that even
at the end of the imperial regime
there was still opportunity of post
poning the overthrow. Despite the
"vague anticipation," there was no
widespread desire or planning of a
revolution "even as an eventuality."
The revolution actually began as
a food riot—a "spontaneous move
ment" with no center. Because the
Duma gave its official "stamp of ap
proval" when troops refused to dis
band the movement, that primarily
conservative body became "revolu
tionaries in spite of themselves."
"Revolution is never inevitable
until it's happened," emphasized
Michael Karpovich, Harvard histo
rian, when he appeared as the
Tuesday evening lecturer last night
in Memorial Auditorium.
Citing the 1917 Russian uprising
as the "classic example of a revo
lution which was not planned by
anyone" but "just happened," Kar
povich pointed out that despite the
traditional tensions — political, so
cio-economic, and cultural — there
was no "immediate revolutionary
situation" in the days preceding
March 12.
Even though these tensions had

been intensified by war, their ex
tent has been greatly exaggerated,
he continued, explaining that even
at the end of the imperial regime
there was still opportunity of post
poning the overthrow. Despite the
"vague anticipation," there was no
widespread desire or planning of a
revolution "even as an eventuality."
The revolution actually began as
a food riot—a "spontaneous move
ment" with no center. Because the
Duma gave its official "stamp of ap
proval" when troops refused to dis
band the movement, that primarily
conservative body became "revolu
tionaries in spite of themselves."
"Revolution is never inevitable
until it's happened," emphasized
Michael Karpovich, Harvard histo
rian, when he appeared as the
Tuesday evening lecturer last night
in Memorial Auditorium.
Citing the 1917 Russian uprising
as the "classic example of a revo
lution which was not planned by
anyone" but "just happened," Kar
povich pointed out that despite the
traditional tensions — political, so
cio-economic, and cultural — there
was no "immediate revolutionary
situation" in the days preceding
March 12.
Even though these tensions had

been intensified by war, their ex
tent has been greatly exaggerated,
he continued, explaining that even
at the end of the imperial regime
there was still opportunity of post
poning the overthrow. Despite the
"vague anticipation," there was no
widespread desire or planning of a
revolution "even as an eventuality."
The revolution actually began as
a food riot—a "spontaneous move
ment" with no center. Because the
Duma gave its official "stamp of ap
proval" when troops refused to dis
band the movement, that primarily
conservative body became "revolu
tionaries in spite of themselves."
