# All-around Woman Enjoys Popularity
## 
### 
Nellita C'hoate, '17, today mod
estly refused to be known as
Stanford's livest undergraduate
woman, the title which was ac
corded her in the San Francisco
"Examiner," yesterday. Accord
ing to that newspaper, Miss
Choate, by reason of her varied
activities, her selection for the
only feminine role in "Justice,"
her attainment of Phi Beta Kappa,
and her success in campus Jour
nalism, has won the position of
Stanford's most up-to-the-minute
and best known all-around "co
ed."
"Did I object to the 'Examiner'
article?" Miss Cnoate laughed.
"Oh, no! I really liked it! Tt
thrilled me! But the paper was
wrong.
"They shouldn't call me that!
1 don't deserve that title —but I
would like to. And to say that if
there were 499 more like me,
there would no 'mere-man' agi
tation! That was sublime!"
Nellita C'hoate, '17, today mod
estly refused to be known as
Stanford's livest undergraduate
woman, the title which was ac
corded her in the San Francisco
"Examiner," yesterday. Accord
ing to that newspaper, Miss
Choate, by reason of her varied
activities, her selection for the
only feminine role in "Justice,"
her attainment of Phi Beta Kappa,
and her success in campus Jour
nalism, has won the position of
Stanford's most up-to-the-minute
and best known all-around "co
ed."
"Did I object to the 'Examiner'
article?" Miss Cnoate laughed.
"Oh, no! I really liked it! Tt
thrilled me! But the paper was
wrong.
"They shouldn't call me that!
1 don't deserve that title —but I
would like to. And to say that if
there were 499 more like me,
there would no 'mere-man' agi
tation! That was sublime!"
Nellita C'hoate, '17, today mod
estly refused to be known as
Stanford's livest undergraduate
woman, the title which was ac
corded her in the San Francisco
"Examiner," yesterday. Accord
ing to that newspaper, Miss
Choate, by reason of her varied
activities, her selection for the
only feminine role in "Justice,"
her attainment of Phi Beta Kappa,
and her success in campus Jour
nalism, has won the position of
Stanford's most up-to-the-minute
and best known all-around "co
ed."
"Did I object to the 'Examiner'
article?" Miss Cnoate laughed.
"Oh, no! I really liked it! Tt
thrilled me! But the paper was
wrong.
"They shouldn't call me that!
1 don't deserve that title —but I
would like to. And to say that if
there were 499 more like me,
there would no 'mere-man' agi
tation! That was sublime!"
Nellita C'hoate, '17, today mod
estly refused to be known as
Stanford's livest undergraduate
woman, the title which was ac
corded her in the San Francisco
"Examiner," yesterday. Accord
ing to that newspaper, Miss
Choate, by reason of her varied
activities, her selection for the
only feminine role in "Justice,"
her attainment of Phi Beta Kappa,
and her success in campus Jour
nalism, has won the position of
Stanford's most up-to-the-minute
and best known all-around "co
ed."
"Did I object to the 'Examiner'
article?" Miss Cnoate laughed.
"Oh, no! I really liked it! Tt
thrilled me! But the paper was
wrong.
"They shouldn't call me that!
1 don't deserve that title —but I
would like to. And to say that if
there were 499 more like me,
there would no 'mere-man' agi
tation! That was sublime!"
Nellita C'hoate, '17, today mod
estly refused to be known as
Stanford's livest undergraduate
woman, the title which was ac
corded her in the San Francisco
"Examiner," yesterday. Accord
ing to that newspaper, Miss
Choate, by reason of her varied
activities, her selection for the
only feminine role in "Justice,"
her attainment of Phi Beta Kappa,
and her success in campus Jour
nalism, has won the position of
Stanford's most up-to-the-minute
and best known all-around "co
ed."
"Did I object to the 'Examiner'
article?" Miss Cnoate laughed.
"Oh, no! I really liked it! Tt
thrilled me! But the paper was
wrong.
"They shouldn't call me that!
1 don't deserve that title —but I
would like to. And to say that if
there were 499 more like me,
there would no 'mere-man' agi
tation! That was sublime!"
Nellita C'hoate, '17, today mod
estly refused to be known as
Stanford's livest undergraduate
woman, the title which was ac
corded her in the San Francisco
"Examiner," yesterday. Accord
ing to that newspaper, Miss
Choate, by reason of her varied
activities, her selection for the
only feminine role in "Justice,"
her attainment of Phi Beta Kappa,
and her success in campus Jour
nalism, has won the position of
Stanford's most up-to-the-minute
and best known all-around "co
ed."
"Did I object to the 'Examiner'
article?" Miss Cnoate laughed.
"Oh, no! I really liked it! Tt
thrilled me! But the paper was
wrong.
"They shouldn't call me that!
1 don't deserve that title —but I
would like to. And to say that if
there were 499 more like me,
there would no 'mere-man' agi
tation! That was sublime!"
Nellita C'hoate, '17, today mod
estly refused to be known as
Stanford's livest undergraduate
woman, the title which was ac
corded her in the San Francisco
"Examiner," yesterday. Accord
ing to that newspaper, Miss
Choate, by reason of her varied
activities, her selection for the
only feminine role in "Justice,"
her attainment of Phi Beta Kappa,
and her success in campus Jour
nalism, has won the position of
Stanford's most up-to-the-minute
and best known all-around "co
ed."
"Did I object to the 'Examiner'
article?" Miss Cnoate laughed.
"Oh, no! I really liked it! Tt
thrilled me! But the paper was
wrong.
"They shouldn't call me that!
1 don't deserve that title —but I
would like to. And to say that if
there were 499 more like me,
there would no 'mere-man' agi
tation! That was sublime!"
Nellita C'hoate, '17, today mod
estly refused to be known as
Stanford's livest undergraduate
woman, the title which was ac
corded her in the San Francisco
"Examiner," yesterday. Accord
ing to that newspaper, Miss
Choate, by reason of her varied
activities, her selection for the
only feminine role in "Justice,"
her attainment of Phi Beta Kappa,
and her success in campus Jour
nalism, has won the position of
Stanford's most up-to-the-minute
and best known all-around "co
ed."
"Did I object to the 'Examiner'
article?" Miss Cnoate laughed.
"Oh, no! I really liked it! Tt
thrilled me! But the paper was
wrong.
"They shouldn't call me that!
1 don't deserve that title —but I
would like to. And to say that if
there were 499 more like me,
there would no 'mere-man' agi
tation! That was sublime!"
Nellita C'hoate, '17, today mod
estly refused to be known as
Stanford's livest undergraduate
woman, the title which was ac
corded her in the San Francisco
"Examiner," yesterday. Accord
ing to that newspaper, Miss
Choate, by reason of her varied
activities, her selection for the
only feminine role in "Justice,"
her attainment of Phi Beta Kappa,
and her success in campus Jour
nalism, has won the position of
Stanford's most up-to-the-minute
and best known all-around "co
ed."
"Did I object to the 'Examiner'
article?" Miss Cnoate laughed.
"Oh, no! I really liked it! Tt
thrilled me! But the paper was
wrong.
"They shouldn't call me that!
1 don't deserve that title —but I
would like to. And to say that if
there were 499 more like me,
there would no 'mere-man' agi
tation! That was sublime!"
Nellita C'hoate, '17, today mod
estly refused to be known as
Stanford's livest undergraduate
woman, the title which was ac
corded her in the San Francisco
"Examiner," yesterday. Accord
ing to that newspaper, Miss
Choate, by reason of her varied
activities, her selection for the
only feminine role in "Justice,"
her attainment of Phi Beta Kappa,
and her success in campus Jour
nalism, has won the position of
Stanford's most up-to-the-minute
and best known all-around "co
ed."
"Did I object to the 'Examiner'
article?" Miss Cnoate laughed.
"Oh, no! I really liked it! Tt
thrilled me! But the paper was
wrong.
"They shouldn't call me that!
1 don't deserve that title —but I
would like to. And to say that if
there were 499 more like me,
there would no 'mere-man' agi
tation! That was sublime!"
Nellita C'hoate, '17, today mod
estly refused to be known as
Stanford's livest undergraduate
woman, the title which was ac
corded her in the San Francisco
"Examiner," yesterday. Accord
ing to that newspaper, Miss
Choate, by reason of her varied
activities, her selection for the
only feminine role in "Justice,"
her attainment of Phi Beta Kappa,
and her success in campus Jour
nalism, has won the position of
Stanford's most up-to-the-minute
and best known all-around "co
ed."
"Did I object to the 'Examiner'
article?" Miss Cnoate laughed.
"Oh, no! I really liked it! Tt
thrilled me! But the paper was
wrong.
"They shouldn't call me that!
1 don't deserve that title —but I
would like to. And to say that if
there were 499 more like me,
there would no 'mere-man' agi
tation! That was sublime!"
Nellita C'hoate, '17, today mod
estly refused to be known as
Stanford's livest undergraduate
woman, the title which was ac
corded her in the San Francisco
"Examiner," yesterday. Accord
ing to that newspaper, Miss
Choate, by reason of her varied
activities, her selection for the
only feminine role in "Justice,"
her attainment of Phi Beta Kappa,
and her success in campus Jour
nalism, has won the position of
Stanford's most up-to-the-minute
and best known all-around "co
ed."
"Did I object to the 'Examiner'
article?" Miss Cnoate laughed.
"Oh, no! I really liked it! Tt
thrilled me! But the paper was
wrong.
"They shouldn't call me that!
1 don't deserve that title —but I
would like to. And to say that if
there were 499 more like me,
there would no 'mere-man' agi
tation! That was sublime!"
Nellita C'hoate, '17, today mod
estly refused to be known as
Stanford's livest undergraduate
woman, the title which was ac
corded her in the San Francisco
"Examiner," yesterday. Accord
ing to that newspaper, Miss
Choate, by reason of her varied
activities, her selection for the
only feminine role in "Justice,"
her attainment of Phi Beta Kappa,
and her success in campus Jour
nalism, has won the position of
Stanford's most up-to-the-minute
and best known all-around "co
ed."
"Did I object to the 'Examiner'
article?" Miss Cnoate laughed.
"Oh, no! I really liked it! Tt
thrilled me! But the paper was
wrong.
"They shouldn't call me that!
1 don't deserve that title —but I
would like to. And to say that if
there were 499 more like me,
there would no 'mere-man' agi
tation! That was sublime!"
Nellita C'hoate, '17, today mod
estly refused to be known as
Stanford's livest undergraduate
woman, the title which was ac
corded her in the San Francisco
"Examiner," yesterday. Accord
ing to that newspaper, Miss
Choate, by reason of her varied
activities, her selection for the
only feminine role in "Justice,"
her attainment of Phi Beta Kappa,
and her success in campus Jour
nalism, has won the position of
Stanford's most up-to-the-minute
and best known all-around "co
ed."
"Did I object to the 'Examiner'
article?" Miss Cnoate laughed.
"Oh, no! I really liked it! Tt
thrilled me! But the paper was
wrong.
"They shouldn't call me that!
1 don't deserve that title —but I
would like to. And to say that if
there were 499 more like me,
there would no 'mere-man' agi
tation! That was sublime!"
Nellita C'hoate, '17, today mod
estly refused to be known as
Stanford's livest undergraduate
woman, the title which was ac
corded her in the San Francisco
"Examiner," yesterday. Accord
ing to that newspaper, Miss
Choate, by reason of her varied
activities, her selection for the
only feminine role in "Justice,"
her attainment of Phi Beta Kappa,
and her success in campus Jour
nalism, has won the position of
Stanford's most up-to-the-minute
and best known all-around "co
ed."
"Did I object to the 'Examiner'
article?" Miss Cnoate laughed.
"Oh, no! I really liked it! Tt
thrilled me! But the paper was
wrong.
"They shouldn't call me that!
1 don't deserve that title —but I
would like to. And to say that if
there were 499 more like me,
there would no 'mere-man' agi
tation! That was sublime!"
