# Senior Women Attend A.C.A. Reception
## 
### 
'Stanford and University of Cali
fornia senior women were invited to
attend the annual reception given by
the California Branch of the Associa
tion of Collegiate Alumnae at the Cen
tury Club in San Francisco, last Sat
urday afternoon, to meet each other,
graduates from both universites, and
guests of note present. Mrs. Phoebe
Hearst, Mrs. R. L. Wilbur, and Presi
dent Wheeler were guests of honor.
President Wilbur, Dean Edge of Mills
College and Mrs. Wheeler, had been
invited, also, but were unable to at
tend.
"The Maker of Dreams," a one-act
play by Oliphant Down, was given by
members of the association. Miss
Harriet Bradford, Mrs. Edward Kreh
biel and Mrs. William Sliockley were
among those on the receiving com
mittee.
