# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The thinker makes a great mistake
when he asks after cause and
effect. They both together make
up the indivisible phenomenon.—
Goethe
The thinker makes a great mistake
when he asks after cause and
effect. They both together make
up the indivisible phenomenon.—
Goethe
The thinker makes a great mistake
when he asks after cause and
effect. They both together make
up the indivisible phenomenon.—
Goethe
The thinker makes a great mistake
when he asks after cause and
effect. They both together make
up the indivisible phenomenon.—
Goethe
The thinker makes a great mistake
when he asks after cause and
effect. They both together make
up the indivisible phenomenon.—
Goethe
The thinker makes a great mistake
when he asks after cause and
effect. They both together make
up the indivisible phenomenon.—
Goethe
The thinker makes a great mistake
when he asks after cause and
effect. They both together make
up the indivisible phenomenon.—
Goethe
The thinker makes a great mistake
when he asks after cause and
effect. They both together make
up the indivisible phenomenon.—
Goethe
The thinker makes a great mistake
when he asks after cause and
effect. They both together make
up the indivisible phenomenon.—
Goethe
The thinker makes a great mistake
when he asks after cause and
effect. They both together make
up the indivisible phenomenon.—
Goethe
The thinker makes a great mistake
when he asks after cause and
effect. They both together make
up the indivisible phenomenon.—
Goethe
The thinker makes a great mistake
when he asks after cause and
effect. They both together make
up the indivisible phenomenon.—
Goethe
The thinker makes a great mistake
when he asks after cause and
effect. They both together make
up the indivisible phenomenon.—
Goethe
The thinker makes a great mistake
when he asks after cause and
effect. They both together make
up the indivisible phenomenon.—
Goethe
The thinker makes a great mistake
when he asks after cause and
effect. They both together make
up the indivisible phenomenon.—
Goethe
