# Orchestra Meeting Set for Tonight
## 
### 
The chamber orchestra will be or
ganized tonight in the Art Gallery
classroom under the direction of
Herbert Jan Popper. String players
and solo performers on woodwind
instruments are especially invited,
since the repertoire will be drawn
largely from works by Mozart.
Tryouts will be held and places
will be assigned at this first re
hearsal.
The chamber orchestra will be or
ganized tonight in the Art Gallery
classroom under the direction of
Herbert Jan Popper. String players
and solo performers on woodwind
instruments are especially invited,
since the repertoire will be drawn
largely from works by Mozart.
Tryouts will be held and places
will be assigned at this first re
hearsal.
The chamber orchestra will be or
ganized tonight in the Art Gallery
classroom under the direction of
Herbert Jan Popper. String players
and solo performers on woodwind
instruments are especially invited,
since the repertoire will be drawn
largely from works by Mozart.
Tryouts will be held and places
will be assigned at this first re
hearsal.
The chamber orchestra will be or
ganized tonight in the Art Gallery
classroom under the direction of
Herbert Jan Popper. String players
and solo performers on woodwind
instruments are especially invited,
since the repertoire will be drawn
largely from works by Mozart.
Tryouts will be held and places
will be assigned at this first re
hearsal.
The chamber orchestra will be or
ganized tonight in the Art Gallery
classroom under the direction of
Herbert Jan Popper. String players
and solo performers on woodwind
instruments are especially invited,
since the repertoire will be drawn
largely from works by Mozart.
Tryouts will be held and places
will be assigned at this first re
hearsal.
The chamber orchestra will be or
ganized tonight in the Art Gallery
classroom under the direction of
Herbert Jan Popper. String players
and solo performers on woodwind
instruments are especially invited,
since the repertoire will be drawn
largely from works by Mozart.
Tryouts will be held and places
will be assigned at this first re
hearsal.
The chamber orchestra will be or
ganized tonight in the Art Gallery
classroom under the direction of
Herbert Jan Popper. String players
and solo performers on woodwind
instruments are especially invited,
since the repertoire will be drawn
largely from works by Mozart.
Tryouts will be held and places
will be assigned at this first re
hearsal.
The chamber orchestra will be or
ganized tonight in the Art Gallery
classroom under the direction of
Herbert Jan Popper. String players
and solo performers on woodwind
instruments are especially invited,
since the repertoire will be drawn
largely from works by Mozart.
Tryouts will be held and places
will be assigned at this first re
hearsal.
The chamber orchestra will be or
ganized tonight in the Art Gallery
classroom under the direction of
Herbert Jan Popper. String players
and solo performers on woodwind
instruments are especially invited,
since the repertoire will be drawn
largely from works by Mozart.
Tryouts will be held and places
will be assigned at this first re
hearsal.
The chamber orchestra will be or
ganized tonight in the Art Gallery
classroom under the direction of
Herbert Jan Popper. String players
and solo performers on woodwind
instruments are especially invited,
since the repertoire will be drawn
largely from works by Mozart.
Tryouts will be held and places
will be assigned at this first re
hearsal.
The chamber orchestra will be or
ganized tonight in the Art Gallery
classroom under the direction of
Herbert Jan Popper. String players
and solo performers on woodwind
instruments are especially invited,
since the repertoire will be drawn
largely from works by Mozart.
Tryouts will be held and places
will be assigned at this first re
hearsal.
The chamber orchestra will be or
ganized tonight in the Art Gallery
classroom under the direction of
Herbert Jan Popper. String players
and solo performers on woodwind
instruments are especially invited,
since the repertoire will be drawn
largely from works by Mozart.
Tryouts will be held and places
will be assigned at this first re
hearsal.
The chamber orchestra will be or
ganized tonight in the Art Gallery
classroom under the direction of
Herbert Jan Popper. String players
and solo performers on woodwind
instruments are especially invited,
since the repertoire will be drawn
largely from works by Mozart.
Tryouts will be held and places
will be assigned at this first re
hearsal.
The chamber orchestra will be or
ganized tonight in the Art Gallery
classroom under the direction of
Herbert Jan Popper. String players
and solo performers on woodwind
instruments are especially invited,
since the repertoire will be drawn
largely from works by Mozart.
Tryouts will be held and places
will be assigned at this first re
hearsal.
The chamber orchestra will be or
ganized tonight in the Art Gallery
classroom under the direction of
Herbert Jan Popper. String players
and solo performers on woodwind
instruments are especially invited,
since the repertoire will be drawn
largely from works by Mozart.
Tryouts will be held and places
will be assigned at this first re
hearsal.
