# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Stanford is to be congratulated
upon securing such a strong com
bination of football coaches for
next year. All are men who were
stars on the gridiron in their un
dergraduate days, days when the
Cardinal was unconquerable. We
have finally abandoned the im
portation of Eastern coaches, and
shall now begin to develop our own
game. With Spalding, McMillan,
and Cotton, and with Professor
Reynolds as faculty adviser, to in
augurate this new system, we need
have no fear of the results. Not
only were they powerful players
when students here, but they are
men of strong and inspiring per
sonality, and have all kept abreast
of the game during the past, few

years. If in future years we can
secure a succession of such coaches
we may see Stanford reinstated in
her impregnable position on the
football field. These men never
knew defeat.
Stanford is to be congratulated
upon securing such a strong com
bination of football coaches for
next year. All are men who were
stars on the gridiron in their un
dergraduate days, days when the
Cardinal was unconquerable. We
have finally abandoned the im
portation of Eastern coaches, and
shall now begin to develop our own
game. With Spalding, McMillan,
and Cotton, and with Professor
Reynolds as faculty adviser, to in
augurate this new system, we need
have no fear of the results. Not
only were they powerful players
when students here, but they are
men of strong and inspiring per
sonality, and have all kept abreast
of the game during the past, few

years. If in future years we can
secure a succession of such coaches
we may see Stanford reinstated in
her impregnable position on the
football field. These men never
knew defeat.
Stanford is to be congratulated
upon securing such a strong com
bination of football coaches for
next year. All are men who were
stars on the gridiron in their un
dergraduate days, days when the
Cardinal was unconquerable. We
have finally abandoned the im
portation of Eastern coaches, and
shall now begin to develop our own
game. With Spalding, McMillan,
and Cotton, and with Professor
Reynolds as faculty adviser, to in
augurate this new system, we need
have no fear of the results. Not
only were they powerful players
when students here, but they are
men of strong and inspiring per
sonality, and have all kept abreast
of the game during the past, few

years. If in future years we can
secure a succession of such coaches
we may see Stanford reinstated in
her impregnable position on the
football field. These men never
knew defeat.
Stanford is to be congratulated
upon securing such a strong com
bination of football coaches for
next year. All are men who were
stars on the gridiron in their un
dergraduate days, days when the
Cardinal was unconquerable. We
have finally abandoned the im
portation of Eastern coaches, and
shall now begin to develop our own
game. With Spalding, McMillan,
and Cotton, and with Professor
Reynolds as faculty adviser, to in
augurate this new system, we need
have no fear of the results. Not
only were they powerful players
when students here, but they are
men of strong and inspiring per
sonality, and have all kept abreast
of the game during the past, few

years. If in future years we can
secure a succession of such coaches
we may see Stanford reinstated in
her impregnable position on the
football field. These men never
knew defeat.
Stanford is to be congratulated
upon securing such a strong com
bination of football coaches for
next year. All are men who were
stars on the gridiron in their un
dergraduate days, days when the
Cardinal was unconquerable. We
have finally abandoned the im
portation of Eastern coaches, and
shall now begin to develop our own
game. With Spalding, McMillan,
and Cotton, and with Professor
Reynolds as faculty adviser, to in
augurate this new system, we need
have no fear of the results. Not
only were they powerful players
when students here, but they are
men of strong and inspiring per
sonality, and have all kept abreast
of the game during the past, few

years. If in future years we can
secure a succession of such coaches
we may see Stanford reinstated in
her impregnable position on the
football field. These men never
knew defeat.
Stanford is to be congratulated
upon securing such a strong com
bination of football coaches for
next year. All are men who were
stars on the gridiron in their un
dergraduate days, days when the
Cardinal was unconquerable. We
have finally abandoned the im
portation of Eastern coaches, and
shall now begin to develop our own
game. With Spalding, McMillan,
and Cotton, and with Professor
Reynolds as faculty adviser, to in
augurate this new system, we need
have no fear of the results. Not
only were they powerful players
when students here, but they are
men of strong and inspiring per
sonality, and have all kept abreast
of the game during the past, few

years. If in future years we can
secure a succession of such coaches
we may see Stanford reinstated in
her impregnable position on the
football field. These men never
knew defeat.
Stanford is to be congratulated
upon securing such a strong com
bination of football coaches for
next year. All are men who were
stars on the gridiron in their un
dergraduate days, days when the
Cardinal was unconquerable. We
have finally abandoned the im
portation of Eastern coaches, and
shall now begin to develop our own
game. With Spalding, McMillan,
and Cotton, and with Professor
Reynolds as faculty adviser, to in
augurate this new system, we need
have no fear of the results. Not
only were they powerful players
when students here, but they are
men of strong and inspiring per
sonality, and have all kept abreast
of the game during the past, few

years. If in future years we can
secure a succession of such coaches
we may see Stanford reinstated in
her impregnable position on the
football field. These men never
knew defeat.
