# Hand-ball Tournament.
## 
### 
Progress in the band-ball tour
nament of doubles has been very
slow for the last two weeks. As it
now stands, only one class cham
ionship has been played off. This
is held by Raitt-Gundrum for the
Sophomores, and was won after a
hard contest with Copp-Moore,
Wednesday. Rose-Lunt, Dunn-
Beebe.and Crom well-Butterfieldare
left to contest in the Freshman
tournament. The Junior Class is
represented by Hamilton-Harkiris,
Hall-Vander venter, Sill-Fernald,
and Miller-Adams, and it is hard
to say which will be the winning
team. For the Class of 1901,
Bailey-Murgotten, Lousley-Adams,
8., and Sobey-Hinman are vet to
play. After these class champion
ships are determined, the four rep
resentative teams will play for the
best place, and it is essential that
all preliminary contests be played
at once in order to finish this
tournament before the end of the
semester.
