# MISTRESS OF WATER TAKES TO AIR
## 
### 

Helena Madison, Seattle girl who blazed an unprecedented trail of
championship victories in speed swimming events in 1931 but "couldn't
tJive a lick," has started 1932 determined to be as clever at entering the
water as at paddling it. Here she is shown practicing a swan dive.

Helena Madison, Seattle girl who blazed an unprecedented trail of
championship victories in speed swimming events in 1931 but "couldn't
tJive a lick," has started 1932 determined to be as clever at entering the
water as at paddling it. Here she is shown practicing a swan dive.

Helena Madison, Seattle girl who blazed an unprecedented trail of
championship victories in speed swimming events in 1931 but "couldn't
tJive a lick," has started 1932 determined to be as clever at entering the
water as at paddling it. Here she is shown practicing a swan dive.

Helena Madison, Seattle girl who blazed an unprecedented trail of
championship victories in speed swimming events in 1931 but "couldn't
tJive a lick," has started 1932 determined to be as clever at entering the
water as at paddling it. Here she is shown practicing a swan dive.

Helena Madison, Seattle girl who blazed an unprecedented trail of
championship victories in speed swimming events in 1931 but "couldn't
tJive a lick," has started 1932 determined to be as clever at entering the
water as at paddling it. Here she is shown practicing a swan dive.

Helena Madison, Seattle girl who blazed an unprecedented trail of
championship victories in speed swimming events in 1931 but "couldn't
tJive a lick," has started 1932 determined to be as clever at entering the
water as at paddling it. Here she is shown practicing a swan dive.

Helena Madison, Seattle girl who blazed an unprecedented trail of
championship victories in speed swimming events in 1931 but "couldn't
tJive a lick," has started 1932 determined to be as clever at entering the
water as at paddling it. Here she is shown practicing a swan dive.

Helena Madison, Seattle girl who blazed an unprecedented trail of
championship victories in speed swimming events in 1931 but "couldn't
tJive a lick," has started 1932 determined to be as clever at entering the
water as at paddling it. Here she is shown practicing a swan dive.

Helena Madison, Seattle girl who blazed an unprecedented trail of
championship victories in speed swimming events in 1931 but "couldn't
tJive a lick," has started 1932 determined to be as clever at entering the
water as at paddling it. Here she is shown practicing a swan dive.

Helena Madison, Seattle girl who blazed an unprecedented trail of
championship victories in speed swimming events in 1931 but "couldn't
tJive a lick," has started 1932 determined to be as clever at entering the
water as at paddling it. Here she is shown practicing a swan dive.

Helena Madison, Seattle girl who blazed an unprecedented trail of
championship victories in speed swimming events in 1931 but "couldn't
tJive a lick," has started 1932 determined to be as clever at entering the
water as at paddling it. Here she is shown practicing a swan dive.

Helena Madison, Seattle girl who blazed an unprecedented trail of
championship victories in speed swimming events in 1931 but "couldn't
tJive a lick," has started 1932 determined to be as clever at entering the
water as at paddling it. Here she is shown practicing a swan dive.

Helena Madison, Seattle girl who blazed an unprecedented trail of
championship victories in speed swimming events in 1931 but "couldn't
tJive a lick," has started 1932 determined to be as clever at entering the
water as at paddling it. Here she is shown practicing a swan dive.

Helena Madison, Seattle girl who blazed an unprecedented trail of
championship victories in speed swimming events in 1931 but "couldn't
tJive a lick," has started 1932 determined to be as clever at entering the
water as at paddling it. Here she is shown practicing a swan dive.

Helena Madison, Seattle girl who blazed an unprecedented trail of
championship victories in speed swimming events in 1931 but "couldn't
tJive a lick," has started 1932 determined to be as clever at entering the
water as at paddling it. Here she is shown practicing a swan dive.

Helena Madison, Seattle girl who blazed an unprecedented trail of
championship victories in speed swimming events in 1931 but "couldn't
tJive a lick," has started 1932 determined to be as clever at entering the
water as at paddling it. Here she is shown practicing a swan dive.
