# NEW STORM RACES FROM SOUTH PACIFIC
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 8. (/P) —
Hundreds of Mexicans and their
families were reported marooned in
the cotton camps at Madera last
night, the Weather Bureau issued
warnings in connection with a vio
lent storm of unusual proportions,
that is racing toward the coast from
the South Pacific.

The new storm i.s expected to
bring more rain to the San Fran
cisco Bay Region.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 8. (/P) —
Hundreds of Mexicans and their
families were reported marooned in
the cotton camps at Madera last
night, the Weather Bureau issued
warnings in connection with a vio
lent storm of unusual proportions,
that is racing toward the coast from
the South Pacific.

The new storm i.s expected to
bring more rain to the San Fran
cisco Bay Region.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 8. (/P) —
Hundreds of Mexicans and their
families were reported marooned in
the cotton camps at Madera last
night, the Weather Bureau issued
warnings in connection with a vio
lent storm of unusual proportions,
that is racing toward the coast from
the South Pacific.

The new storm i.s expected to
bring more rain to the San Fran
cisco Bay Region.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 8. (/P) —
Hundreds of Mexicans and their
families were reported marooned in
the cotton camps at Madera last
night, the Weather Bureau issued
warnings in connection with a vio
lent storm of unusual proportions,
that is racing toward the coast from
the South Pacific.

The new storm i.s expected to
bring more rain to the San Fran
cisco Bay Region.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 8. (/P) —
Hundreds of Mexicans and their
families were reported marooned in
the cotton camps at Madera last
night, the Weather Bureau issued
warnings in connection with a vio
lent storm of unusual proportions,
that is racing toward the coast from
the South Pacific.

The new storm i.s expected to
bring more rain to the San Fran
cisco Bay Region.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 8. (/P) —
Hundreds of Mexicans and their
families were reported marooned in
the cotton camps at Madera last
night, the Weather Bureau issued
warnings in connection with a vio
lent storm of unusual proportions,
that is racing toward the coast from
the South Pacific.

The new storm i.s expected to
bring more rain to the San Fran
cisco Bay Region.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 8. (/P) —
Hundreds of Mexicans and their
families were reported marooned in
the cotton camps at Madera last
night, the Weather Bureau issued
warnings in connection with a vio
lent storm of unusual proportions,
that is racing toward the coast from
the South Pacific.

The new storm i.s expected to
bring more rain to the San Fran
cisco Bay Region.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 8. (/P) —
Hundreds of Mexicans and their
families were reported marooned in
the cotton camps at Madera last
night, the Weather Bureau issued
warnings in connection with a vio
lent storm of unusual proportions,
that is racing toward the coast from
the South Pacific.

The new storm i.s expected to
bring more rain to the San Fran
cisco Bay Region.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 8. (/P) —
Hundreds of Mexicans and their
families were reported marooned in
the cotton camps at Madera last
night, the Weather Bureau issued
warnings in connection with a vio
lent storm of unusual proportions,
that is racing toward the coast from
the South Pacific.

The new storm i.s expected to
bring more rain to the San Fran
cisco Bay Region.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 8. (/P) —
Hundreds of Mexicans and their
families were reported marooned in
the cotton camps at Madera last
night, the Weather Bureau issued
warnings in connection with a vio
lent storm of unusual proportions,
that is racing toward the coast from
the South Pacific.

The new storm i.s expected to
bring more rain to the San Fran
cisco Bay Region.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 8. (/P) —
Hundreds of Mexicans and their
families were reported marooned in
the cotton camps at Madera last
night, the Weather Bureau issued
warnings in connection with a vio
lent storm of unusual proportions,
that is racing toward the coast from
the South Pacific.

The new storm i.s expected to
bring more rain to the San Fran
cisco Bay Region.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 8. (/P) —
Hundreds of Mexicans and their
families were reported marooned in
the cotton camps at Madera last
night, the Weather Bureau issued
warnings in connection with a vio
lent storm of unusual proportions,
that is racing toward the coast from
the South Pacific.

The new storm i.s expected to
bring more rain to the San Fran
cisco Bay Region.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 8. (/P) —
Hundreds of Mexicans and their
families were reported marooned in
the cotton camps at Madera last
night, the Weather Bureau issued
warnings in connection with a vio
lent storm of unusual proportions,
that is racing toward the coast from
the South Pacific.

The new storm i.s expected to
bring more rain to the San Fran
cisco Bay Region.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 8. (/P) —
Hundreds of Mexicans and their
families were reported marooned in
the cotton camps at Madera last
night, the Weather Bureau issued
warnings in connection with a vio
lent storm of unusual proportions,
that is racing toward the coast from
the South Pacific.

The new storm i.s expected to
bring more rain to the San Fran
cisco Bay Region.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 8. (/P) —
Hundreds of Mexicans and their
families were reported marooned in
the cotton camps at Madera last
night, the Weather Bureau issued
warnings in connection with a vio
lent storm of unusual proportions,
that is racing toward the coast from
the South Pacific.

The new storm i.s expected to
bring more rain to the San Fran
cisco Bay Region.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 8. (/P) —
Hundreds of Mexicans and their
families were reported marooned in
the cotton camps at Madera last
night, the Weather Bureau issued
warnings in connection with a vio
lent storm of unusual proportions,
that is racing toward the coast from
the South Pacific.

The new storm i.s expected to
bring more rain to the San Fran
cisco Bay Region.
