# FRANCE TO ECONOMIZE
## 
### 
PARIS, Feb. 8. (/P) —A call for a
national economy campaign was
made today by Lucien Lamoureux,
reporter for the Budget Committee
of the Chamber of Deputies.
PARIS, Feb. 8. (/P) —A call for a
national economy campaign was
made today by Lucien Lamoureux,
reporter for the Budget Committee
of the Chamber of Deputies.
PARIS, Feb. 8. (/P) —A call for a
national economy campaign was
made today by Lucien Lamoureux,
reporter for the Budget Committee
of the Chamber of Deputies.
PARIS, Feb. 8. (/P) —A call for a
national economy campaign was
made today by Lucien Lamoureux,
reporter for the Budget Committee
of the Chamber of Deputies.
PARIS, Feb. 8. (/P) —A call for a
national economy campaign was
made today by Lucien Lamoureux,
reporter for the Budget Committee
of the Chamber of Deputies.
PARIS, Feb. 8. (/P) —A call for a
national economy campaign was
made today by Lucien Lamoureux,
reporter for the Budget Committee
of the Chamber of Deputies.
PARIS, Feb. 8. (/P) —A call for a
national economy campaign was
made today by Lucien Lamoureux,
reporter for the Budget Committee
of the Chamber of Deputies.
PARIS, Feb. 8. (/P) —A call for a
national economy campaign was
made today by Lucien Lamoureux,
reporter for the Budget Committee
of the Chamber of Deputies.
PARIS, Feb. 8. (/P) —A call for a
national economy campaign was
made today by Lucien Lamoureux,
reporter for the Budget Committee
of the Chamber of Deputies.
PARIS, Feb. 8. (/P) —A call for a
national economy campaign was
made today by Lucien Lamoureux,
reporter for the Budget Committee
of the Chamber of Deputies.
PARIS, Feb. 8. (/P) —A call for a
national economy campaign was
made today by Lucien Lamoureux,
reporter for the Budget Committee
of the Chamber of Deputies.
PARIS, Feb. 8. (/P) —A call for a
national economy campaign was
made today by Lucien Lamoureux,
reporter for the Budget Committee
of the Chamber of Deputies.
PARIS, Feb. 8. (/P) —A call for a
national economy campaign was
made today by Lucien Lamoureux,
reporter for the Budget Committee
of the Chamber of Deputies.
PARIS, Feb. 8. (/P) —A call for a
national economy campaign was
made today by Lucien Lamoureux,
reporter for the Budget Committee
of the Chamber of Deputies.
PARIS, Feb. 8. (/P) —A call for a
national economy campaign was
made today by Lucien Lamoureux,
reporter for the Budget Committee
of the Chamber of Deputies.
PARIS, Feb. 8. (/P) —A call for a
national economy campaign was
made today by Lucien Lamoureux,
reporter for the Budget Committee
of the Chamber of Deputies.
