# DETECTIVES KILLED
## 
### 
KANSAS CITY, Feb. 8. (/P) —
Bandits armed with submachine
guns shot and killed O. B. Carpen
ter and wounded Ed Young, city
detectives, today.
KANSAS CITY, Feb. 8. (/P) —
Bandits armed with submachine
guns shot and killed O. B. Carpen
ter and wounded Ed Young, city
detectives, today.
KANSAS CITY, Feb. 8. (/P) —
Bandits armed with submachine
guns shot and killed O. B. Carpen
ter and wounded Ed Young, city
detectives, today.
KANSAS CITY, Feb. 8. (/P) —
Bandits armed with submachine
guns shot and killed O. B. Carpen
ter and wounded Ed Young, city
detectives, today.
KANSAS CITY, Feb. 8. (/P) —
Bandits armed with submachine
guns shot and killed O. B. Carpen
ter and wounded Ed Young, city
detectives, today.
KANSAS CITY, Feb. 8. (/P) —
Bandits armed with submachine
guns shot and killed O. B. Carpen
ter and wounded Ed Young, city
detectives, today.
KANSAS CITY, Feb. 8. (/P) —
Bandits armed with submachine
guns shot and killed O. B. Carpen
ter and wounded Ed Young, city
detectives, today.
KANSAS CITY, Feb. 8. (/P) —
Bandits armed with submachine
guns shot and killed O. B. Carpen
ter and wounded Ed Young, city
detectives, today.
KANSAS CITY, Feb. 8. (/P) —
Bandits armed with submachine
guns shot and killed O. B. Carpen
ter and wounded Ed Young, city
detectives, today.
KANSAS CITY, Feb. 8. (/P) —
Bandits armed with submachine
guns shot and killed O. B. Carpen
ter and wounded Ed Young, city
detectives, today.
KANSAS CITY, Feb. 8. (/P) —
Bandits armed with submachine
guns shot and killed O. B. Carpen
ter and wounded Ed Young, city
detectives, today.
KANSAS CITY, Feb. 8. (/P) —
Bandits armed with submachine
guns shot and killed O. B. Carpen
ter and wounded Ed Young, city
detectives, today.
KANSAS CITY, Feb. 8. (/P) —
Bandits armed with submachine
guns shot and killed O. B. Carpen
ter and wounded Ed Young, city
detectives, today.
KANSAS CITY, Feb. 8. (/P) —
Bandits armed with submachine
guns shot and killed O. B. Carpen
ter and wounded Ed Young, city
detectives, today.
KANSAS CITY, Feb. 8. (/P) —
Bandits armed with submachine
guns shot and killed O. B. Carpen
ter and wounded Ed Young, city
detectives, today.
KANSAS CITY, Feb. 8. (/P) —
Bandits armed with submachine
guns shot and killed O. B. Carpen
ter and wounded Ed Young, city
detectives, today.
