# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Registration of Varsity crew candi
dates fo.r fall training has already be
gun at Cornell.
Registration of Varsity crew candi
dates fo.r fall training has already be
gun at Cornell.
Registration of Varsity crew candi
dates fo.r fall training has already be
gun at Cornell.
Registration of Varsity crew candi
dates fo.r fall training has already be
gun at Cornell.
Registration of Varsity crew candi
dates fo.r fall training has already be
gun at Cornell.
Registration of Varsity crew candi
dates fo.r fall training has already be
gun at Cornell.
Registration of Varsity crew candi
dates fo.r fall training has already be
gun at Cornell.
Registration of Varsity crew candi
dates fo.r fall training has already be
gun at Cornell.
Registration of Varsity crew candi
dates fo.r fall training has already be
gun at Cornell.
Registration of Varsity crew candi
dates fo.r fall training has already be
gun at Cornell.
Registration of Varsity crew candi
dates fo.r fall training has already be
gun at Cornell.
Registration of Varsity crew candi
dates fo.r fall training has already be
gun at Cornell.
Registration of Varsity crew candi
dates fo.r fall training has already be
gun at Cornell.
Registration of Varsity crew candi
dates fo.r fall training has already be
gun at Cornell.
