# H. Hackett, â€™13, Married in Hollywood.
## 
### 
H. Hackett, '13. was married to Miss
Irma Matson, of Hollywood, on the
twenty-third of last month. Mr. and
Mrs. Hackett are now residing in Hol
lywood, California.
H. Hackett, '13. was married to Miss
Irma Matson, of Hollywood, on the
twenty-third of last month. Mr. and
Mrs. Hackett are now residing in Hol
lywood, California.
H. Hackett, '13. was married to Miss
Irma Matson, of Hollywood, on the
twenty-third of last month. Mr. and
Mrs. Hackett are now residing in Hol
lywood, California.
H. Hackett, '13. was married to Miss
Irma Matson, of Hollywood, on the
twenty-third of last month. Mr. and
Mrs. Hackett are now residing in Hol
lywood, California.
H. Hackett, '13. was married to Miss
Irma Matson, of Hollywood, on the
twenty-third of last month. Mr. and
Mrs. Hackett are now residing in Hol
lywood, California.
H. Hackett, '13. was married to Miss
Irma Matson, of Hollywood, on the
twenty-third of last month. Mr. and
Mrs. Hackett are now residing in Hol
lywood, California.
H. Hackett, '13. was married to Miss
Irma Matson, of Hollywood, on the
twenty-third of last month. Mr. and
Mrs. Hackett are now residing in Hol
lywood, California.
H. Hackett, '13. was married to Miss
Irma Matson, of Hollywood, on the
twenty-third of last month. Mr. and
Mrs. Hackett are now residing in Hol
lywood, California.
H. Hackett, '13. was married to Miss
Irma Matson, of Hollywood, on the
twenty-third of last month. Mr. and
Mrs. Hackett are now residing in Hol
lywood, California.
H. Hackett, '13. was married to Miss
Irma Matson, of Hollywood, on the
twenty-third of last month. Mr. and
Mrs. Hackett are now residing in Hol
lywood, California.
H. Hackett, '13. was married to Miss
Irma Matson, of Hollywood, on the
twenty-third of last month. Mr. and
Mrs. Hackett are now residing in Hol
lywood, California.
H. Hackett, '13. was married to Miss
Irma Matson, of Hollywood, on the
twenty-third of last month. Mr. and
Mrs. Hackett are now residing in Hol
lywood, California.
H. Hackett, '13. was married to Miss
Irma Matson, of Hollywood, on the
twenty-third of last month. Mr. and
Mrs. Hackett are now residing in Hol
lywood, California.
