# Cinematograph Artist Killed in Battle
## 
### 
Berlin (via Rome), Sept .30.—Max
Linder, the world-famous cinemato
graph artist, fell mortally wounded in
a recent engagement on the Aisne, ac
cording to an official announcement.
Berlin (via Rome), Sept .30.—Max
Linder, the world-famous cinemato
graph artist, fell mortally wounded in
a recent engagement on the Aisne, ac
cording to an official announcement.
Berlin (via Rome), Sept .30.—Max
Linder, the world-famous cinemato
graph artist, fell mortally wounded in
a recent engagement on the Aisne, ac
cording to an official announcement.
Berlin (via Rome), Sept .30.—Max
Linder, the world-famous cinemato
graph artist, fell mortally wounded in
a recent engagement on the Aisne, ac
cording to an official announcement.
Berlin (via Rome), Sept .30.—Max
Linder, the world-famous cinemato
graph artist, fell mortally wounded in
a recent engagement on the Aisne, ac
cording to an official announcement.
Berlin (via Rome), Sept .30.—Max
Linder, the world-famous cinemato
graph artist, fell mortally wounded in
a recent engagement on the Aisne, ac
cording to an official announcement.
Berlin (via Rome), Sept .30.—Max
Linder, the world-famous cinemato
graph artist, fell mortally wounded in
a recent engagement on the Aisne, ac
cording to an official announcement.
Berlin (via Rome), Sept .30.—Max
Linder, the world-famous cinemato
graph artist, fell mortally wounded in
a recent engagement on the Aisne, ac
cording to an official announcement.
Berlin (via Rome), Sept .30.—Max
Linder, the world-famous cinemato
graph artist, fell mortally wounded in
a recent engagement on the Aisne, ac
cording to an official announcement.
Berlin (via Rome), Sept .30.—Max
Linder, the world-famous cinemato
graph artist, fell mortally wounded in
a recent engagement on the Aisne, ac
cording to an official announcement.
Berlin (via Rome), Sept .30.—Max
Linder, the world-famous cinemato
graph artist, fell mortally wounded in
a recent engagement on the Aisne, ac
cording to an official announcement.
Berlin (via Rome), Sept .30.—Max
Linder, the world-famous cinemato
graph artist, fell mortally wounded in
a recent engagement on the Aisne, ac
cording to an official announcement.
Berlin (via Rome), Sept .30.—Max
Linder, the world-famous cinemato
graph artist, fell mortally wounded in
a recent engagement on the Aisne, ac
cording to an official announcement.
Berlin (via Rome), Sept .30.—Max
Linder, the world-famous cinemato
graph artist, fell mortally wounded in
a recent engagement on the Aisne, ac
cording to an official announcement.
