# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
CLUES yG
FROM
the MtlUh
Sweaters are
Essentials
in every wardrobe. They
live on the campus. They
go to town shopping.
They stay at home. And
wherever our sweaters
are seen, they are ad
mired.
jtAl xtotfa* sCtCKI&t
520 Ramona Street
CLUES yG
FROM
the MtlUh
Sweaters are
Essentials
in every wardrobe. They
live on the campus. They
go to town shopping.
They stay at home. And
wherever our sweaters
are seen, they are ad
mired.
jtAl xtotfa* sCtCKI&t
520 Ramona Street
CLUES yG
FROM
the MtlUh
Sweaters are
Essentials
in every wardrobe. They
live on the campus. They
go to town shopping.
They stay at home. And
wherever our sweaters
are seen, they are ad
mired.
jtAl xtotfa* sCtCKI&t
520 Ramona Street
CLUES yG
FROM
the MtlUh
Sweaters are
Essentials
in every wardrobe. They
live on the campus. They
go to town shopping.
They stay at home. And
wherever our sweaters
are seen, they are ad
mired.
jtAl xtotfa* sCtCKI&t
520 Ramona Street
CLUES yG
FROM
the MtlUh
Sweaters are
Essentials
in every wardrobe. They
live on the campus. They
go to town shopping.
They stay at home. And
wherever our sweaters
are seen, they are ad
mired.
jtAl xtotfa* sCtCKI&t
520 Ramona Street
CLUES yG
FROM
the MtlUh
Sweaters are
Essentials
in every wardrobe. They
live on the campus. They
go to town shopping.
They stay at home. And
wherever our sweaters
are seen, they are ad
mired.
jtAl xtotfa* sCtCKI&t
520 Ramona Street
CLUES yG
FROM
the MtlUh
Sweaters are
Essentials
in every wardrobe. They
live on the campus. They
go to town shopping.
They stay at home. And
wherever our sweaters
are seen, they are ad
mired.
jtAl xtotfa* sCtCKI&t
520 Ramona Street
CLUES yG
FROM
the MtlUh
Sweaters are
Essentials
in every wardrobe. They
live on the campus. They
go to town shopping.
They stay at home. And
wherever our sweaters
are seen, they are ad
mired.
jtAl xtotfa* sCtCKI&t
520 Ramona Street
CLUES yG
FROM
the MtlUh
Sweaters are
Essentials
in every wardrobe. They
live on the campus. They
go to town shopping.
They stay at home. And
wherever our sweaters
are seen, they are ad
mired.
jtAl xtotfa* sCtCKI&t
520 Ramona Street
CLUES yG
FROM
the MtlUh
Sweaters are
Essentials
in every wardrobe. They
live on the campus. They
go to town shopping.
They stay at home. And
wherever our sweaters
are seen, they are ad
mired.
jtAl xtotfa* sCtCKI&t
520 Ramona Street
CLUES yG
FROM
the MtlUh
Sweaters are
Essentials
in every wardrobe. They
live on the campus. They
go to town shopping.
They stay at home. And
wherever our sweaters
are seen, they are ad
mired.
jtAl xtotfa* sCtCKI&t
520 Ramona Street
CLUES yG
FROM
the MtlUh
Sweaters are
Essentials
in every wardrobe. They
live on the campus. They
go to town shopping.
They stay at home. And
wherever our sweaters
are seen, they are ad
mired.
jtAl xtotfa* sCtCKI&t
520 Ramona Street
CLUES yG
FROM
the MtlUh
Sweaters are
Essentials
in every wardrobe. They
live on the campus. They
go to town shopping.
They stay at home. And
wherever our sweaters
are seen, they are ad
mired.
jtAl xtotfa* sCtCKI&t
520 Ramona Street
CLUES yG
FROM
the MtlUh
Sweaters are
Essentials
in every wardrobe. They
live on the campus. They
go to town shopping.
They stay at home. And
wherever our sweaters
are seen, they are ad
mired.
jtAl xtotfa* sCtCKI&t
520 Ramona Street
CLUES yG
FROM
the MtlUh
Sweaters are
Essentials
in every wardrobe. They
live on the campus. They
go to town shopping.
They stay at home. And
wherever our sweaters
are seen, they are ad
mired.
jtAl xtotfa* sCtCKI&t
520 Ramona Street
