# Visiting Professor To Speak at Club
## 
### 
Henry Forbes Angus, visiting
professor at Stanford this summer,
will speak at a section luncheon of
the Commonwealth Club in San
Francisco Monday. His topic will
be "The Parliamentary System in
Canada."
Professor Angus is executive head
of the Department of Economics, Po
litical Science, Sociology and Com
merce at the University of British
Columbia. He is teaching two
courses here this quarter, "Econom
ic and Political Problems of the
Pacific Area" and "The British Em
pire."
Henry Forbes Angus, visiting
professor at Stanford this summer,
will speak at a section luncheon of
the Commonwealth Club in San
Francisco Monday. His topic will
be "The Parliamentary System in
Canada."
Professor Angus is executive head
of the Department of Economics, Po
litical Science, Sociology and Com
merce at the University of British
Columbia. He is teaching two
courses here this quarter, "Econom
ic and Political Problems of the
Pacific Area" and "The British Em
pire."
Henry Forbes Angus, visiting
professor at Stanford this summer,
will speak at a section luncheon of
the Commonwealth Club in San
Francisco Monday. His topic will
be "The Parliamentary System in
Canada."
Professor Angus is executive head
of the Department of Economics, Po
litical Science, Sociology and Com
merce at the University of British
Columbia. He is teaching two
courses here this quarter, "Econom
ic and Political Problems of the
Pacific Area" and "The British Em
pire."
Henry Forbes Angus, visiting
professor at Stanford this summer,
will speak at a section luncheon of
the Commonwealth Club in San
Francisco Monday. His topic will
be "The Parliamentary System in
Canada."
Professor Angus is executive head
of the Department of Economics, Po
litical Science, Sociology and Com
merce at the University of British
Columbia. He is teaching two
courses here this quarter, "Econom
ic and Political Problems of the
Pacific Area" and "The British Em
pire."
Henry Forbes Angus, visiting
professor at Stanford this summer,
will speak at a section luncheon of
the Commonwealth Club in San
Francisco Monday. His topic will
be "The Parliamentary System in
Canada."
Professor Angus is executive head
of the Department of Economics, Po
litical Science, Sociology and Com
merce at the University of British
Columbia. He is teaching two
courses here this quarter, "Econom
ic and Political Problems of the
Pacific Area" and "The British Em
pire."
Henry Forbes Angus, visiting
professor at Stanford this summer,
will speak at a section luncheon of
the Commonwealth Club in San
Francisco Monday. His topic will
be "The Parliamentary System in
Canada."
Professor Angus is executive head
of the Department of Economics, Po
litical Science, Sociology and Com
merce at the University of British
Columbia. He is teaching two
courses here this quarter, "Econom
ic and Political Problems of the
Pacific Area" and "The British Em
pire."
Henry Forbes Angus, visiting
professor at Stanford this summer,
will speak at a section luncheon of
the Commonwealth Club in San
Francisco Monday. His topic will
be "The Parliamentary System in
Canada."
Professor Angus is executive head
of the Department of Economics, Po
litical Science, Sociology and Com
merce at the University of British
Columbia. He is teaching two
courses here this quarter, "Econom
ic and Political Problems of the
Pacific Area" and "The British Em
pire."
Henry Forbes Angus, visiting
professor at Stanford this summer,
will speak at a section luncheon of
the Commonwealth Club in San
Francisco Monday. His topic will
be "The Parliamentary System in
Canada."
Professor Angus is executive head
of the Department of Economics, Po
litical Science, Sociology and Com
merce at the University of British
Columbia. He is teaching two
courses here this quarter, "Econom
ic and Political Problems of the
Pacific Area" and "The British Em
pire."
Henry Forbes Angus, visiting
professor at Stanford this summer,
will speak at a section luncheon of
the Commonwealth Club in San
Francisco Monday. His topic will
be "The Parliamentary System in
Canada."
Professor Angus is executive head
of the Department of Economics, Po
litical Science, Sociology and Com
merce at the University of British
Columbia. He is teaching two
courses here this quarter, "Econom
ic and Political Problems of the
Pacific Area" and "The British Em
pire."
Henry Forbes Angus, visiting
professor at Stanford this summer,
will speak at a section luncheon of
the Commonwealth Club in San
Francisco Monday. His topic will
be "The Parliamentary System in
Canada."
Professor Angus is executive head
of the Department of Economics, Po
litical Science, Sociology and Com
merce at the University of British
Columbia. He is teaching two
courses here this quarter, "Econom
ic and Political Problems of the
Pacific Area" and "The British Em
pire."
Henry Forbes Angus, visiting
professor at Stanford this summer,
will speak at a section luncheon of
the Commonwealth Club in San
Francisco Monday. His topic will
be "The Parliamentary System in
Canada."
Professor Angus is executive head
of the Department of Economics, Po
litical Science, Sociology and Com
merce at the University of British
Columbia. He is teaching two
courses here this quarter, "Econom
ic and Political Problems of the
Pacific Area" and "The British Em
pire."
Henry Forbes Angus, visiting
professor at Stanford this summer,
will speak at a section luncheon of
the Commonwealth Club in San
Francisco Monday. His topic will
be "The Parliamentary System in
Canada."
Professor Angus is executive head
of the Department of Economics, Po
litical Science, Sociology and Com
merce at the University of British
Columbia. He is teaching two
courses here this quarter, "Econom
ic and Political Problems of the
Pacific Area" and "The British Em
pire."
Henry Forbes Angus, visiting
professor at Stanford this summer,
will speak at a section luncheon of
the Commonwealth Club in San
Francisco Monday. His topic will
be "The Parliamentary System in
Canada."
Professor Angus is executive head
of the Department of Economics, Po
litical Science, Sociology and Com
merce at the University of British
Columbia. He is teaching two
courses here this quarter, "Econom
ic and Political Problems of the
Pacific Area" and "The British Em
pire."
Henry Forbes Angus, visiting
professor at Stanford this summer,
will speak at a section luncheon of
the Commonwealth Club in San
Francisco Monday. His topic will
be "The Parliamentary System in
Canada."
Professor Angus is executive head
of the Department of Economics, Po
litical Science, Sociology and Com
merce at the University of British
Columbia. He is teaching two
courses here this quarter, "Econom
ic and Political Problems of the
Pacific Area" and "The British Em
pire."
Henry Forbes Angus, visiting
professor at Stanford this summer,
will speak at a section luncheon of
the Commonwealth Club in San
Francisco Monday. His topic will
be "The Parliamentary System in
Canada."
Professor Angus is executive head
of the Department of Economics, Po
litical Science, Sociology and Com
merce at the University of British
Columbia. He is teaching two
courses here this quarter, "Econom
ic and Political Problems of the
Pacific Area" and "The British Em
pire."
