# Four Stanford Men Receive Commissions
## 
### 
Four Stanford men received com
missions in the regular Army un
der recent Senate action confirming
War Department selections of 9,800
men from a list of 108,000 appli- <
cants.
They are:
Lieutenant Colonel Edward J.
Soares, commissioned a captain in
the regular Army; Lieutenant Colo
nel Irving J. Harrell, Jr., commis
sioned a captain; Captain James H.
Cawthra, commissioned a first lieu
tenant; and Captain Ernest C. Saltz
man, Jr., commissioned a first lieu
tenant. |
Four Stanford men received com
missions in the regular Army un
der recent Senate action confirming
War Department selections of 9,800
men from a list of 108,000 appli- <
cants.
They are:
Lieutenant Colonel Edward J.
Soares, commissioned a captain in
the regular Army; Lieutenant Colo
nel Irving J. Harrell, Jr., commis
sioned a captain; Captain James H.
Cawthra, commissioned a first lieu
tenant; and Captain Ernest C. Saltz
man, Jr., commissioned a first lieu
tenant. |
Four Stanford men received com
missions in the regular Army un
der recent Senate action confirming
War Department selections of 9,800
men from a list of 108,000 appli- <
cants.
They are:
Lieutenant Colonel Edward J.
Soares, commissioned a captain in
the regular Army; Lieutenant Colo
nel Irving J. Harrell, Jr., commis
sioned a captain; Captain James H.
Cawthra, commissioned a first lieu
tenant; and Captain Ernest C. Saltz
man, Jr., commissioned a first lieu
tenant. |
Four Stanford men received com
missions in the regular Army un
der recent Senate action confirming
War Department selections of 9,800
men from a list of 108,000 appli- <
cants.
They are:
Lieutenant Colonel Edward J.
Soares, commissioned a captain in
the regular Army; Lieutenant Colo
nel Irving J. Harrell, Jr., commis
sioned a captain; Captain James H.
Cawthra, commissioned a first lieu
tenant; and Captain Ernest C. Saltz
man, Jr., commissioned a first lieu
tenant. |
Four Stanford men received com
missions in the regular Army un
der recent Senate action confirming
War Department selections of 9,800
men from a list of 108,000 appli- <
cants.
They are:
Lieutenant Colonel Edward J.
Soares, commissioned a captain in
the regular Army; Lieutenant Colo
nel Irving J. Harrell, Jr., commis
sioned a captain; Captain James H.
Cawthra, commissioned a first lieu
tenant; and Captain Ernest C. Saltz
man, Jr., commissioned a first lieu
tenant. |
Four Stanford men received com
missions in the regular Army un
der recent Senate action confirming
War Department selections of 9,800
men from a list of 108,000 appli- <
cants.
They are:
Lieutenant Colonel Edward J.
Soares, commissioned a captain in
the regular Army; Lieutenant Colo
nel Irving J. Harrell, Jr., commis
sioned a captain; Captain James H.
Cawthra, commissioned a first lieu
tenant; and Captain Ernest C. Saltz
man, Jr., commissioned a first lieu
tenant. |
Four Stanford men received com
missions in the regular Army un
der recent Senate action confirming
War Department selections of 9,800
men from a list of 108,000 appli- <
cants.
They are:
Lieutenant Colonel Edward J.
Soares, commissioned a captain in
the regular Army; Lieutenant Colo
nel Irving J. Harrell, Jr., commis
sioned a captain; Captain James H.
Cawthra, commissioned a first lieu
tenant; and Captain Ernest C. Saltz
man, Jr., commissioned a first lieu
tenant. |
Four Stanford men received com
missions in the regular Army un
der recent Senate action confirming
War Department selections of 9,800
men from a list of 108,000 appli- <
cants.
They are:
Lieutenant Colonel Edward J.
Soares, commissioned a captain in
the regular Army; Lieutenant Colo
nel Irving J. Harrell, Jr., commis
sioned a captain; Captain James H.
Cawthra, commissioned a first lieu
tenant; and Captain Ernest C. Saltz
man, Jr., commissioned a first lieu
tenant. |
Four Stanford men received com
missions in the regular Army un
der recent Senate action confirming
War Department selections of 9,800
men from a list of 108,000 appli- <
cants.
They are:
Lieutenant Colonel Edward J.
Soares, commissioned a captain in
the regular Army; Lieutenant Colo
nel Irving J. Harrell, Jr., commis
sioned a captain; Captain James H.
Cawthra, commissioned a first lieu
tenant; and Captain Ernest C. Saltz
man, Jr., commissioned a first lieu
tenant. |
Four Stanford men received com
missions in the regular Army un
der recent Senate action confirming
War Department selections of 9,800
men from a list of 108,000 appli- <
cants.
They are:
Lieutenant Colonel Edward J.
Soares, commissioned a captain in
the regular Army; Lieutenant Colo
nel Irving J. Harrell, Jr., commis
sioned a captain; Captain James H.
Cawthra, commissioned a first lieu
tenant; and Captain Ernest C. Saltz
man, Jr., commissioned a first lieu
tenant. |
Four Stanford men received com
missions in the regular Army un
der recent Senate action confirming
War Department selections of 9,800
men from a list of 108,000 appli- <
cants.
They are:
Lieutenant Colonel Edward J.
Soares, commissioned a captain in
the regular Army; Lieutenant Colo
nel Irving J. Harrell, Jr., commis
sioned a captain; Captain James H.
Cawthra, commissioned a first lieu
tenant; and Captain Ernest C. Saltz
man, Jr., commissioned a first lieu
tenant. |
Four Stanford men received com
missions in the regular Army un
der recent Senate action confirming
War Department selections of 9,800
men from a list of 108,000 appli- <
cants.
They are:
Lieutenant Colonel Edward J.
Soares, commissioned a captain in
the regular Army; Lieutenant Colo
nel Irving J. Harrell, Jr., commis
sioned a captain; Captain James H.
Cawthra, commissioned a first lieu
tenant; and Captain Ernest C. Saltz
man, Jr., commissioned a first lieu
tenant. |
Four Stanford men received com
missions in the regular Army un
der recent Senate action confirming
War Department selections of 9,800
men from a list of 108,000 appli- <
cants.
They are:
Lieutenant Colonel Edward J.
Soares, commissioned a captain in
the regular Army; Lieutenant Colo
nel Irving J. Harrell, Jr., commis
sioned a captain; Captain James H.
Cawthra, commissioned a first lieu
tenant; and Captain Ernest C. Saltz
man, Jr., commissioned a first lieu
tenant. |
Four Stanford men received com
missions in the regular Army un
der recent Senate action confirming
War Department selections of 9,800
men from a list of 108,000 appli- <
cants.
They are:
Lieutenant Colonel Edward J.
Soares, commissioned a captain in
the regular Army; Lieutenant Colo
nel Irving J. Harrell, Jr., commis
sioned a captain; Captain James H.
Cawthra, commissioned a first lieu
tenant; and Captain Ernest C. Saltz
man, Jr., commissioned a first lieu
tenant. |
Four Stanford men received com
missions in the regular Army un
der recent Senate action confirming
War Department selections of 9,800
men from a list of 108,000 appli- <
cants.
They are:
Lieutenant Colonel Edward J.
Soares, commissioned a captain in
the regular Army; Lieutenant Colo
nel Irving J. Harrell, Jr., commis
sioned a captain; Captain James H.
Cawthra, commissioned a first lieu
tenant; and Captain Ernest C. Saltz
man, Jr., commissioned a first lieu
tenant. |
