# Adv. 11 Page 3
## 
### 
Fashion flair
and savoir-faire
from H'l'S
Post-Grad
Slacks
jm
frf r I,' !/
< (■■>, A Ii I !i
Ml\ /
S IPn
r 1 P
F~M /
A
rJvl
J
y
Here is the classic style in
men's slacks. The lines are
long and lean and the legs
taper down to neat cuffs.
The front pockets are un
adorned and the back
pockets boast the inspired
touch of metal blazer but
tons. $1.95 to §8.95, in a
■wide variety of washable
fabrics. At stores thatcater
to college men.
IETTERS
J ? <~nr ,N srrie
fWj
OATQ deadline: 3 p.m.
Fashion flair
and savoir-faire
from H'l'S
Post-Grad
Slacks
jm
frf r I,' !/
< (■■>, A Ii I !i
Ml\ /
S IPn
r 1 P
F~M /
A
rJvl
J
y
Here is the classic style in
men's slacks. The lines are
long and lean and the legs
taper down to neat cuffs.
The front pockets are un
adorned and the back
pockets boast the inspired
touch of metal blazer but
tons. $1.95 to §8.95, in a
■wide variety of washable
fabrics. At stores thatcater
to college men.
IETTERS
J ? <~nr ,N srrie
fWj
OATQ deadline: 3 p.m.
Fashion flair
and savoir-faire
from H'l'S
Post-Grad
Slacks
jm
frf r I,' !/
< (■■>, A Ii I !i
Ml\ /
S IPn
r 1 P
F~M /
A
rJvl
J
y
Here is the classic style in
men's slacks. The lines are
long and lean and the legs
taper down to neat cuffs.
The front pockets are un
adorned and the back
pockets boast the inspired
touch of metal blazer but
tons. $1.95 to §8.95, in a
■wide variety of washable
fabrics. At stores thatcater
to college men.
IETTERS
J ? <~nr ,N srrie
fWj
OATQ deadline: 3 p.m.
Fashion flair
and savoir-faire
from H'l'S
Post-Grad
Slacks
jm
frf r I,' !/
< (■■>, A Ii I !i
Ml\ /
S IPn
r 1 P
F~M /
A
rJvl
J
y
Here is the classic style in
men's slacks. The lines are
long and lean and the legs
taper down to neat cuffs.
The front pockets are un
adorned and the back
pockets boast the inspired
touch of metal blazer but
tons. $1.95 to §8.95, in a
■wide variety of washable
fabrics. At stores thatcater
to college men.
IETTERS
J ? <~nr ,N srrie
fWj
OATQ deadline: 3 p.m.
Fashion flair
and savoir-faire
from H'l'S
Post-Grad
Slacks
jm
frf r I,' !/
< (■■>, A Ii I !i
Ml\ /
S IPn
r 1 P
F~M /
A
rJvl
J
y
Here is the classic style in
men's slacks. The lines are
long and lean and the legs
taper down to neat cuffs.
The front pockets are un
adorned and the back
pockets boast the inspired
touch of metal blazer but
tons. $1.95 to §8.95, in a
■wide variety of washable
fabrics. At stores thatcater
to college men.
IETTERS
J ? <~nr ,N srrie
fWj
OATQ deadline: 3 p.m.
Fashion flair
and savoir-faire
from H'l'S
Post-Grad
Slacks
jm
frf r I,' !/
< (■■>, A Ii I !i
Ml\ /
S IPn
r 1 P
F~M /
A
rJvl
J
y
Here is the classic style in
men's slacks. The lines are
long and lean and the legs
taper down to neat cuffs.
The front pockets are un
adorned and the back
pockets boast the inspired
touch of metal blazer but
tons. $1.95 to §8.95, in a
■wide variety of washable
fabrics. At stores thatcater
to college men.
IETTERS
J ? <~nr ,N srrie
fWj
OATQ deadline: 3 p.m.
Fashion flair
and savoir-faire
from H'l'S
Post-Grad
Slacks
jm
frf r I,' !/
< (■■>, A Ii I !i
Ml\ /
S IPn
r 1 P
F~M /
A
rJvl
J
y
Here is the classic style in
men's slacks. The lines are
long and lean and the legs
taper down to neat cuffs.
The front pockets are un
adorned and the back
pockets boast the inspired
touch of metal blazer but
tons. $1.95 to §8.95, in a
■wide variety of washable
fabrics. At stores thatcater
to college men.
IETTERS
J ? <~nr ,N srrie
fWj
OATQ deadline: 3 p.m.
Fashion flair
and savoir-faire
from H'l'S
Post-Grad
Slacks
jm
frf r I,' !/
< (■■>, A Ii I !i
Ml\ /
S IPn
r 1 P
F~M /
A
rJvl
J
y
Here is the classic style in
men's slacks. The lines are
long and lean and the legs
taper down to neat cuffs.
The front pockets are un
adorned and the back
pockets boast the inspired
touch of metal blazer but
tons. $1.95 to §8.95, in a
■wide variety of washable
fabrics. At stores thatcater
to college men.
IETTERS
J ? <~nr ,N srrie
fWj
OATQ deadline: 3 p.m.
Fashion flair
and savoir-faire
from H'l'S
Post-Grad
Slacks
jm
frf r I,' !/
< (■■>, A Ii I !i
Ml\ /
S IPn
r 1 P
F~M /
A
rJvl
J
y
Here is the classic style in
men's slacks. The lines are
long and lean and the legs
taper down to neat cuffs.
The front pockets are un
adorned and the back
pockets boast the inspired
touch of metal blazer but
tons. $1.95 to §8.95, in a
■wide variety of washable
fabrics. At stores thatcater
to college men.
IETTERS
J ? <~nr ,N srrie
fWj
OATQ deadline: 3 p.m.
Fashion flair
and savoir-faire
from H'l'S
Post-Grad
Slacks
jm
frf r I,' !/
< (■■>, A Ii I !i
Ml\ /
S IPn
r 1 P
F~M /
A
rJvl
J
y
Here is the classic style in
men's slacks. The lines are
long and lean and the legs
taper down to neat cuffs.
The front pockets are un
adorned and the back
pockets boast the inspired
touch of metal blazer but
tons. $1.95 to §8.95, in a
■wide variety of washable
fabrics. At stores thatcater
to college men.
IETTERS
J ? <~nr ,N srrie
fWj
OATQ deadline: 3 p.m.
Fashion flair
and savoir-faire
from H'l'S
Post-Grad
Slacks
jm
frf r I,' !/
< (■■>, A Ii I !i
Ml\ /
S IPn
r 1 P
F~M /
A
rJvl
J
y
Here is the classic style in
men's slacks. The lines are
long and lean and the legs
taper down to neat cuffs.
The front pockets are un
adorned and the back
pockets boast the inspired
touch of metal blazer but
tons. $1.95 to §8.95, in a
■wide variety of washable
fabrics. At stores thatcater
to college men.
IETTERS
J ? <~nr ,N srrie
fWj
OATQ deadline: 3 p.m.
Fashion flair
and savoir-faire
from H'l'S
Post-Grad
Slacks
jm
frf r I,' !/
< (■■>, A Ii I !i
Ml\ /
S IPn
r 1 P
F~M /
A
rJvl
J
y
Here is the classic style in
men's slacks. The lines are
long and lean and the legs
taper down to neat cuffs.
The front pockets are un
adorned and the back
pockets boast the inspired
touch of metal blazer but
tons. $1.95 to §8.95, in a
■wide variety of washable
fabrics. At stores thatcater
to college men.
IETTERS
J ? <~nr ,N srrie
fWj
OATQ deadline: 3 p.m.
Fashion flair
and savoir-faire
from H'l'S
Post-Grad
Slacks
jm
frf r I,' !/
< (■■>, A Ii I !i
Ml\ /
S IPn
r 1 P
F~M /
A
rJvl
J
y
Here is the classic style in
men's slacks. The lines are
long and lean and the legs
taper down to neat cuffs.
The front pockets are un
adorned and the back
pockets boast the inspired
touch of metal blazer but
tons. $1.95 to §8.95, in a
■wide variety of washable
fabrics. At stores thatcater
to college men.
IETTERS
J ? <~nr ,N srrie
fWj
OATQ deadline: 3 p.m.
Fashion flair
and savoir-faire
from H'l'S
Post-Grad
Slacks
jm
frf r I,' !/
< (■■>, A Ii I !i
Ml\ /
S IPn
r 1 P
F~M /
A
rJvl
J
y
Here is the classic style in
men's slacks. The lines are
long and lean and the legs
taper down to neat cuffs.
The front pockets are un
adorned and the back
pockets boast the inspired
touch of metal blazer but
tons. $1.95 to §8.95, in a
■wide variety of washable
fabrics. At stores thatcater
to college men.
IETTERS
J ? <~nr ,N srrie
fWj
OATQ deadline: 3 p.m.
Fashion flair
and savoir-faire
from H'l'S
Post-Grad
Slacks
jm
frf r I,' !/
< (■■>, A Ii I !i
Ml\ /
S IPn
r 1 P
F~M /
A
rJvl
J
y
Here is the classic style in
men's slacks. The lines are
long and lean and the legs
taper down to neat cuffs.
The front pockets are un
adorned and the back
pockets boast the inspired
touch of metal blazer but
tons. $1.95 to §8.95, in a
■wide variety of washable
fabrics. At stores thatcater
to college men.
IETTERS
J ? <~nr ,N srrie
fWj
OATQ deadline: 3 p.m.
Fashion flair
and savoir-faire
from H'l'S
Post-Grad
Slacks
jm
frf r I,' !/
< (■■>, A Ii I !i
Ml\ /
S IPn
r 1 P
F~M /
A
rJvl
J
y
Here is the classic style in
men's slacks. The lines are
long and lean and the legs
taper down to neat cuffs.
The front pockets are un
adorned and the back
pockets boast the inspired
touch of metal blazer but
tons. $1.95 to §8.95, in a
■wide variety of washable
fabrics. At stores thatcater
to college men.
IETTERS
J ? <~nr ,N srrie
fWj
OATQ deadline: 3 p.m.
