# Adv. 22 Page 11
## 
### 
Share your college admission
experience with others and make
extra money at the same time!
www.essaymine.com
Stanford Student Calling Center
Make upto $14.25/ hr + Bonuses!!!
Now Hiring Stanford Students for
the Spring Quarter! Apply online
://stanford .thecallingcenter.com
Enjoy spending time online? Use
your internet expertise to mar
ket my home business & earn
$300-$5OO per sale. Complete
flexibility. Graphics, resources
provided. Email Gwen for details
at larsonB2B@gmail.com.
Part Time/Sales Representative
0ur365 has an opening for a
oriented person to take babies'
first photo at Lucille Parkard
Children's Hospital. Must be 18.
Apply at
www.our36s.com/opportunities
Retired investor needs help
filing financial documents
650-947-0684 Flexible hours.
IfII be fun! Stanford students/
/grads only
Graduation family rental campus
close in felstiner@stanford.edu
$3400 / 2br/2bath - Stunning 7th
floor condo completely furnished
with panoramic view, walk down
town, free cable, free DSL,pool
Exercise room, sauna, enclosed
garage.utilities included, One
year lease min.available April 1
call 650400-6898
graduation family rental
campus felstiner@stanford.edu
For rent, Luxurious exec apart
2bed 2bath, down town Palo Alto
panoramic view, furnished, new
kitchen,new appliances, cable,
DSL, HDTV, walk to PA train
station, bike to Stanford, 24
hour security, indoor garage,
work out room, sauna.available
end April, min lease 1 year
$3,500/ month 650400-6898
Alum seeks 2-3 bdmn house or
upstairs apartment in College
Terrace or near Paly, summer '08
Excellent credit, references, LT
lease possible, 650-327-1735
senior intern needs room/ rooms
to rent/ house sit may 16-aug 8
tnjohnso@syr.edu
Alum/prof & wife seek quiet
Share your college admission
experience with others and make
extra money at the same time!
www.essaymine.com
Stanford Student Calling Center
Make upto $14.25/ hr + Bonuses!!!
Now Hiring Stanford Students for
the Spring Quarter! Apply online
://stanford .thecallingcenter.com
Enjoy spending time online? Use
your internet expertise to mar
ket my home business & earn
$300-$5OO per sale. Complete
flexibility. Graphics, resources
provided. Email Gwen for details
at larsonB2B@gmail.com.
Part Time/Sales Representative
0ur365 has an opening for a
oriented person to take babies'
first photo at Lucille Parkard
Children's Hospital. Must be 18.
Apply at
www.our36s.com/opportunities
Retired investor needs help
filing financial documents
650-947-0684 Flexible hours.
IfII be fun! Stanford students/
/grads only
Graduation family rental campus
close in felstiner@stanford.edu
$3400 / 2br/2bath - Stunning 7th
floor condo completely furnished
with panoramic view, walk down
town, free cable, free DSL,pool
Exercise room, sauna, enclosed
garage.utilities included, One
year lease min.available April 1
call 650400-6898
graduation family rental
campus felstiner@stanford.edu
For rent, Luxurious exec apart
2bed 2bath, down town Palo Alto
panoramic view, furnished, new
kitchen,new appliances, cable,
DSL, HDTV, walk to PA train
station, bike to Stanford, 24
hour security, indoor garage,
work out room, sauna.available
end April, min lease 1 year
$3,500/ month 650400-6898
Alum seeks 2-3 bdmn house or
upstairs apartment in College
Terrace or near Paly, summer '08
Excellent credit, references, LT
lease possible, 650-327-1735
senior intern needs room/ rooms
to rent/ house sit may 16-aug 8
tnjohnso@syr.edu
Alum/prof & wife seek quiet
Share your college admission
experience with others and make
extra money at the same time!
www.essaymine.com
Stanford Student Calling Center
Make upto $14.25/ hr + Bonuses!!!
Now Hiring Stanford Students for
the Spring Quarter! Apply online
://stanford .thecallingcenter.com
Enjoy spending time online? Use
your internet expertise to mar
ket my home business & earn
$300-$5OO per sale. Complete
flexibility. Graphics, resources
provided. Email Gwen for details
at larsonB2B@gmail.com.
Part Time/Sales Representative
0ur365 has an opening for a
oriented person to take babies'
first photo at Lucille Parkard
Children's Hospital. Must be 18.
Apply at
www.our36s.com/opportunities
Retired investor needs help
filing financial documents
650-947-0684 Flexible hours.
IfII be fun! Stanford students/
/grads only
Graduation family rental campus
close in felstiner@stanford.edu
$3400 / 2br/2bath - Stunning 7th
floor condo completely furnished
with panoramic view, walk down
town, free cable, free DSL,pool
Exercise room, sauna, enclosed
garage.utilities included, One
year lease min.available April 1
call 650400-6898
graduation family rental
campus felstiner@stanford.edu
For rent, Luxurious exec apart
2bed 2bath, down town Palo Alto
panoramic view, furnished, new
kitchen,new appliances, cable,
DSL, HDTV, walk to PA train
station, bike to Stanford, 24
hour security, indoor garage,
work out room, sauna.available
end April, min lease 1 year
$3,500/ month 650400-6898
Alum seeks 2-3 bdmn house or
upstairs apartment in College
Terrace or near Paly, summer '08
Excellent credit, references, LT
lease possible, 650-327-1735
senior intern needs room/ rooms
to rent/ house sit may 16-aug 8
tnjohnso@syr.edu
Alum/prof & wife seek quiet
Share your college admission
experience with others and make
extra money at the same time!
www.essaymine.com
Stanford Student Calling Center
Make upto $14.25/ hr + Bonuses!!!
Now Hiring Stanford Students for
the Spring Quarter! Apply online
://stanford .thecallingcenter.com
Enjoy spending time online? Use
your internet expertise to mar
ket my home business & earn
$300-$5OO per sale. Complete
flexibility. Graphics, resources
provided. Email Gwen for details
at larsonB2B@gmail.com.
Part Time/Sales Representative
0ur365 has an opening for a
oriented person to take babies'
first photo at Lucille Parkard
Children's Hospital. Must be 18.
Apply at
www.our36s.com/opportunities
Retired investor needs help
filing financial documents
650-947-0684 Flexible hours.
IfII be fun! Stanford students/
/grads only
Graduation family rental campus
close in felstiner@stanford.edu
$3400 / 2br/2bath - Stunning 7th
floor condo completely furnished
with panoramic view, walk down
town, free cable, free DSL,pool
Exercise room, sauna, enclosed
garage.utilities included, One
year lease min.available April 1
call 650400-6898
graduation family rental
campus felstiner@stanford.edu
For rent, Luxurious exec apart
2bed 2bath, down town Palo Alto
panoramic view, furnished, new
kitchen,new appliances, cable,
DSL, HDTV, walk to PA train
station, bike to Stanford, 24
hour security, indoor garage,
work out room, sauna.available
end April, min lease 1 year
$3,500/ month 650400-6898
Alum seeks 2-3 bdmn house or
upstairs apartment in College
Terrace or near Paly, summer '08
Excellent credit, references, LT
lease possible, 650-327-1735
senior intern needs room/ rooms
to rent/ house sit may 16-aug 8
tnjohnso@syr.edu
Alum/prof & wife seek quiet
Share your college admission
experience with others and make
extra money at the same time!
www.essaymine.com
Stanford Student Calling Center
Make upto $14.25/ hr + Bonuses!!!
Now Hiring Stanford Students for
the Spring Quarter! Apply online
://stanford .thecallingcenter.com
Enjoy spending time online? Use
your internet expertise to mar
ket my home business & earn
$300-$5OO per sale. Complete
flexibility. Graphics, resources
provided. Email Gwen for details
at larsonB2B@gmail.com.
Part Time/Sales Representative
0ur365 has an opening for a
oriented person to take babies'
first photo at Lucille Parkard
Children's Hospital. Must be 18.
Apply at
www.our36s.com/opportunities
Retired investor needs help
filing financial documents
650-947-0684 Flexible hours.
IfII be fun! Stanford students/
/grads only
Graduation family rental campus
close in felstiner@stanford.edu
$3400 / 2br/2bath - Stunning 7th
floor condo completely furnished
with panoramic view, walk down
town, free cable, free DSL,pool
Exercise room, sauna, enclosed
garage.utilities included, One
year lease min.available April 1
call 650400-6898
graduation family rental
campus felstiner@stanford.edu
For rent, Luxurious exec apart
2bed 2bath, down town Palo Alto
panoramic view, furnished, new
kitchen,new appliances, cable,
DSL, HDTV, walk to PA train
station, bike to Stanford, 24
hour security, indoor garage,
work out room, sauna.available
end April, min lease 1 year
$3,500/ month 650400-6898
Alum seeks 2-3 bdmn house or
upstairs apartment in College
Terrace or near Paly, summer '08
Excellent credit, references, LT
lease possible, 650-327-1735
senior intern needs room/ rooms
to rent/ house sit may 16-aug 8
tnjohnso@syr.edu
Alum/prof & wife seek quiet
Share your college admission
experience with others and make
extra money at the same time!
www.essaymine.com
Stanford Student Calling Center
Make upto $14.25/ hr + Bonuses!!!
Now Hiring Stanford Students for
the Spring Quarter! Apply online
://stanford .thecallingcenter.com
Enjoy spending time online? Use
your internet expertise to mar
ket my home business & earn
$300-$5OO per sale. Complete
flexibility. Graphics, resources
provided. Email Gwen for details
at larsonB2B@gmail.com.
Part Time/Sales Representative
0ur365 has an opening for a
oriented person to take babies'
first photo at Lucille Parkard
Children's Hospital. Must be 18.
Apply at
www.our36s.com/opportunities
Retired investor needs help
filing financial documents
650-947-0684 Flexible hours.
IfII be fun! Stanford students/
/grads only
Graduation family rental campus
close in felstiner@stanford.edu
$3400 / 2br/2bath - Stunning 7th
floor condo completely furnished
with panoramic view, walk down
town, free cable, free DSL,pool
Exercise room, sauna, enclosed
garage.utilities included, One
year lease min.available April 1
call 650400-6898
graduation family rental
campus felstiner@stanford.edu
For rent, Luxurious exec apart
2bed 2bath, down town Palo Alto
panoramic view, furnished, new
kitchen,new appliances, cable,
DSL, HDTV, walk to PA train
station, bike to Stanford, 24
hour security, indoor garage,
work out room, sauna.available
end April, min lease 1 year
$3,500/ month 650400-6898
Alum seeks 2-3 bdmn house or
upstairs apartment in College
Terrace or near Paly, summer '08
Excellent credit, references, LT
lease possible, 650-327-1735
senior intern needs room/ rooms
to rent/ house sit may 16-aug 8
tnjohnso@syr.edu
Alum/prof & wife seek quiet
