# Medical Society Announces Pledges
## 
### 
Alpha Kappa Kappa, professional
medical fraternity, yesterday an
nounced. pledging of the following
members of the first-year medical
class:
Eld red W. Barnes, Seldon R.
Beebe, Roy L. Cardon, William H.
Clark, Edward W. Dolierty, Ralph
B. Durfee, Rufus C. Goodwin, Rich
ard R. Gratton, Earl Eugene Hun
ner, James W. Martin, Charles B.
Newton, Chester B. Noyes, Louis J.
Pingrec, Daniel C. Riordan, Rob
ert W. Sheldon, and Lowell L.
Alpha Kappa Kappa, professional
medical fraternity, yesterday an
nounced. pledging of the following
members of the first-year medical
class:
Eld red W. Barnes, Seldon R.
Beebe, Roy L. Cardon, William H.
Clark, Edward W. Dolierty, Ralph
B. Durfee, Rufus C. Goodwin, Rich
ard R. Gratton, Earl Eugene Hun
ner, James W. Martin, Charles B.
Newton, Chester B. Noyes, Louis J.
Pingrec, Daniel C. Riordan, Rob
ert W. Sheldon, and Lowell L.
Alpha Kappa Kappa, professional
medical fraternity, yesterday an
nounced. pledging of the following
members of the first-year medical
class:
Eld red W. Barnes, Seldon R.
Beebe, Roy L. Cardon, William H.
Clark, Edward W. Dolierty, Ralph
B. Durfee, Rufus C. Goodwin, Rich
ard R. Gratton, Earl Eugene Hun
ner, James W. Martin, Charles B.
Newton, Chester B. Noyes, Louis J.
Pingrec, Daniel C. Riordan, Rob
ert W. Sheldon, and Lowell L.
Alpha Kappa Kappa, professional
medical fraternity, yesterday an
nounced. pledging of the following
members of the first-year medical
class:
Eld red W. Barnes, Seldon R.
Beebe, Roy L. Cardon, William H.
Clark, Edward W. Dolierty, Ralph
B. Durfee, Rufus C. Goodwin, Rich
ard R. Gratton, Earl Eugene Hun
ner, James W. Martin, Charles B.
Newton, Chester B. Noyes, Louis J.
Pingrec, Daniel C. Riordan, Rob
ert W. Sheldon, and Lowell L.
Alpha Kappa Kappa, professional
medical fraternity, yesterday an
nounced. pledging of the following
members of the first-year medical
class:
Eld red W. Barnes, Seldon R.
Beebe, Roy L. Cardon, William H.
Clark, Edward W. Dolierty, Ralph
B. Durfee, Rufus C. Goodwin, Rich
ard R. Gratton, Earl Eugene Hun
ner, James W. Martin, Charles B.
Newton, Chester B. Noyes, Louis J.
Pingrec, Daniel C. Riordan, Rob
ert W. Sheldon, and Lowell L.
Alpha Kappa Kappa, professional
medical fraternity, yesterday an
nounced. pledging of the following
members of the first-year medical
class:
Eld red W. Barnes, Seldon R.
Beebe, Roy L. Cardon, William H.
Clark, Edward W. Dolierty, Ralph
B. Durfee, Rufus C. Goodwin, Rich
ard R. Gratton, Earl Eugene Hun
ner, James W. Martin, Charles B.
Newton, Chester B. Noyes, Louis J.
Pingrec, Daniel C. Riordan, Rob
ert W. Sheldon, and Lowell L.
Alpha Kappa Kappa, professional
medical fraternity, yesterday an
nounced. pledging of the following
members of the first-year medical
class:
Eld red W. Barnes, Seldon R.
Beebe, Roy L. Cardon, William H.
Clark, Edward W. Dolierty, Ralph
B. Durfee, Rufus C. Goodwin, Rich
ard R. Gratton, Earl Eugene Hun
ner, James W. Martin, Charles B.
Newton, Chester B. Noyes, Louis J.
Pingrec, Daniel C. Riordan, Rob
ert W. Sheldon, and Lowell L.
Alpha Kappa Kappa, professional
medical fraternity, yesterday an
nounced. pledging of the following
members of the first-year medical
class:
Eld red W. Barnes, Seldon R.
Beebe, Roy L. Cardon, William H.
Clark, Edward W. Dolierty, Ralph
B. Durfee, Rufus C. Goodwin, Rich
ard R. Gratton, Earl Eugene Hun
ner, James W. Martin, Charles B.
Newton, Chester B. Noyes, Louis J.
Pingrec, Daniel C. Riordan, Rob
ert W. Sheldon, and Lowell L.
Alpha Kappa Kappa, professional
medical fraternity, yesterday an
nounced. pledging of the following
members of the first-year medical
class:
Eld red W. Barnes, Seldon R.
Beebe, Roy L. Cardon, William H.
Clark, Edward W. Dolierty, Ralph
B. Durfee, Rufus C. Goodwin, Rich
ard R. Gratton, Earl Eugene Hun
ner, James W. Martin, Charles B.
Newton, Chester B. Noyes, Louis J.
Pingrec, Daniel C. Riordan, Rob
ert W. Sheldon, and Lowell L.
Alpha Kappa Kappa, professional
medical fraternity, yesterday an
nounced. pledging of the following
members of the first-year medical
class:
Eld red W. Barnes, Seldon R.
Beebe, Roy L. Cardon, William H.
Clark, Edward W. Dolierty, Ralph
B. Durfee, Rufus C. Goodwin, Rich
ard R. Gratton, Earl Eugene Hun
ner, James W. Martin, Charles B.
Newton, Chester B. Noyes, Louis J.
Pingrec, Daniel C. Riordan, Rob
ert W. Sheldon, and Lowell L.
Alpha Kappa Kappa, professional
medical fraternity, yesterday an
nounced. pledging of the following
members of the first-year medical
class:
Eld red W. Barnes, Seldon R.
Beebe, Roy L. Cardon, William H.
Clark, Edward W. Dolierty, Ralph
B. Durfee, Rufus C. Goodwin, Rich
ard R. Gratton, Earl Eugene Hun
ner, James W. Martin, Charles B.
Newton, Chester B. Noyes, Louis J.
Pingrec, Daniel C. Riordan, Rob
ert W. Sheldon, and Lowell L.
Alpha Kappa Kappa, professional
medical fraternity, yesterday an
nounced. pledging of the following
members of the first-year medical
class:
Eld red W. Barnes, Seldon R.
Beebe, Roy L. Cardon, William H.
Clark, Edward W. Dolierty, Ralph
B. Durfee, Rufus C. Goodwin, Rich
ard R. Gratton, Earl Eugene Hun
ner, James W. Martin, Charles B.
Newton, Chester B. Noyes, Louis J.
Pingrec, Daniel C. Riordan, Rob
ert W. Sheldon, and Lowell L.
Alpha Kappa Kappa, professional
medical fraternity, yesterday an
nounced. pledging of the following
members of the first-year medical
class:
Eld red W. Barnes, Seldon R.
Beebe, Roy L. Cardon, William H.
Clark, Edward W. Dolierty, Ralph
B. Durfee, Rufus C. Goodwin, Rich
ard R. Gratton, Earl Eugene Hun
ner, James W. Martin, Charles B.
Newton, Chester B. Noyes, Louis J.
Pingrec, Daniel C. Riordan, Rob
ert W. Sheldon, and Lowell L.
Alpha Kappa Kappa, professional
medical fraternity, yesterday an
nounced. pledging of the following
members of the first-year medical
class:
Eld red W. Barnes, Seldon R.
Beebe, Roy L. Cardon, William H.
Clark, Edward W. Dolierty, Ralph
B. Durfee, Rufus C. Goodwin, Rich
ard R. Gratton, Earl Eugene Hun
ner, James W. Martin, Charles B.
Newton, Chester B. Noyes, Louis J.
Pingrec, Daniel C. Riordan, Rob
ert W. Sheldon, and Lowell L.
Alpha Kappa Kappa, professional
medical fraternity, yesterday an
nounced. pledging of the following
members of the first-year medical
class:
Eld red W. Barnes, Seldon R.
Beebe, Roy L. Cardon, William H.
Clark, Edward W. Dolierty, Ralph
B. Durfee, Rufus C. Goodwin, Rich
ard R. Gratton, Earl Eugene Hun
ner, James W. Martin, Charles B.
Newton, Chester B. Noyes, Louis J.
Pingrec, Daniel C. Riordan, Rob
ert W. Sheldon, and Lowell L.
Alpha Kappa Kappa, professional
medical fraternity, yesterday an
nounced. pledging of the following
members of the first-year medical
class:
Eld red W. Barnes, Seldon R.
Beebe, Roy L. Cardon, William H.
Clark, Edward W. Dolierty, Ralph
B. Durfee, Rufus C. Goodwin, Rich
ard R. Gratton, Earl Eugene Hun
ner, James W. Martin, Charles B.
Newton, Chester B. Noyes, Louis J.
Pingrec, Daniel C. Riordan, Rob
ert W. Sheldon, and Lowell L.
