# Kelly Asks Court For Term Change
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 15 (UP).
—George (Machine Gun) Kelly,
one-time Midwest, kidnaper and des
perado, today appealed to federal
court for release from Alcatraz Is
land prison on a writ of habeas
corpus.
Kelly challenged the constitu
tionality of the Lindbergh anti-kid
naping law under which he received
a life sentence. He contended the
law failed to set a maximum sen
tence.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 15 (UP).
—George (Machine Gun) Kelly,
one-time Midwest, kidnaper and des
perado, today appealed to federal
court for release from Alcatraz Is
land prison on a writ of habeas
corpus.
Kelly challenged the constitu
tionality of the Lindbergh anti-kid
naping law under which he received
a life sentence. He contended the
law failed to set a maximum sen
tence.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 15 (UP).
—George (Machine Gun) Kelly,
one-time Midwest, kidnaper and des
perado, today appealed to federal
court for release from Alcatraz Is
land prison on a writ of habeas
corpus.
Kelly challenged the constitu
tionality of the Lindbergh anti-kid
naping law under which he received
a life sentence. He contended the
law failed to set a maximum sen
tence.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 15 (UP).
—George (Machine Gun) Kelly,
one-time Midwest, kidnaper and des
perado, today appealed to federal
court for release from Alcatraz Is
land prison on a writ of habeas
corpus.
Kelly challenged the constitu
tionality of the Lindbergh anti-kid
naping law under which he received
a life sentence. He contended the
law failed to set a maximum sen
tence.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 15 (UP).
—George (Machine Gun) Kelly,
one-time Midwest, kidnaper and des
perado, today appealed to federal
court for release from Alcatraz Is
land prison on a writ of habeas
corpus.
Kelly challenged the constitu
tionality of the Lindbergh anti-kid
naping law under which he received
a life sentence. He contended the
law failed to set a maximum sen
tence.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 15 (UP).
—George (Machine Gun) Kelly,
one-time Midwest, kidnaper and des
perado, today appealed to federal
court for release from Alcatraz Is
land prison on a writ of habeas
corpus.
Kelly challenged the constitu
tionality of the Lindbergh anti-kid
naping law under which he received
a life sentence. He contended the
law failed to set a maximum sen
tence.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 15 (UP).
—George (Machine Gun) Kelly,
one-time Midwest, kidnaper and des
perado, today appealed to federal
court for release from Alcatraz Is
land prison on a writ of habeas
corpus.
Kelly challenged the constitu
tionality of the Lindbergh anti-kid
naping law under which he received
a life sentence. He contended the
law failed to set a maximum sen
tence.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 15 (UP).
—George (Machine Gun) Kelly,
one-time Midwest, kidnaper and des
perado, today appealed to federal
court for release from Alcatraz Is
land prison on a writ of habeas
corpus.
Kelly challenged the constitu
tionality of the Lindbergh anti-kid
naping law under which he received
a life sentence. He contended the
law failed to set a maximum sen
tence.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 15 (UP).
—George (Machine Gun) Kelly,
one-time Midwest, kidnaper and des
perado, today appealed to federal
court for release from Alcatraz Is
land prison on a writ of habeas
corpus.
Kelly challenged the constitu
tionality of the Lindbergh anti-kid
naping law under which he received
a life sentence. He contended the
law failed to set a maximum sen
tence.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 15 (UP).
—George (Machine Gun) Kelly,
one-time Midwest, kidnaper and des
perado, today appealed to federal
court for release from Alcatraz Is
land prison on a writ of habeas
corpus.
Kelly challenged the constitu
tionality of the Lindbergh anti-kid
naping law under which he received
a life sentence. He contended the
law failed to set a maximum sen
tence.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 15 (UP).
—George (Machine Gun) Kelly,
one-time Midwest, kidnaper and des
perado, today appealed to federal
court for release from Alcatraz Is
land prison on a writ of habeas
corpus.
Kelly challenged the constitu
tionality of the Lindbergh anti-kid
naping law under which he received
a life sentence. He contended the
law failed to set a maximum sen
tence.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 15 (UP).
—George (Machine Gun) Kelly,
one-time Midwest, kidnaper and des
perado, today appealed to federal
court for release from Alcatraz Is
land prison on a writ of habeas
corpus.
Kelly challenged the constitu
tionality of the Lindbergh anti-kid
naping law under which he received
a life sentence. He contended the
law failed to set a maximum sen
tence.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 15 (UP).
—George (Machine Gun) Kelly,
one-time Midwest, kidnaper and des
perado, today appealed to federal
court for release from Alcatraz Is
land prison on a writ of habeas
corpus.
Kelly challenged the constitu
tionality of the Lindbergh anti-kid
naping law under which he received
a life sentence. He contended the
law failed to set a maximum sen
tence.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 15 (UP).
—George (Machine Gun) Kelly,
one-time Midwest, kidnaper and des
perado, today appealed to federal
court for release from Alcatraz Is
land prison on a writ of habeas
corpus.
Kelly challenged the constitu
tionality of the Lindbergh anti-kid
naping law under which he received
a life sentence. He contended the
law failed to set a maximum sen
tence.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 15 (UP).
—George (Machine Gun) Kelly,
one-time Midwest, kidnaper and des
perado, today appealed to federal
court for release from Alcatraz Is
land prison on a writ of habeas
corpus.
Kelly challenged the constitu
tionality of the Lindbergh anti-kid
naping law under which he received
a life sentence. He contended the
law failed to set a maximum sen
tence.
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 15 (UP).
—George (Machine Gun) Kelly,
one-time Midwest, kidnaper and des
perado, today appealed to federal
court for release from Alcatraz Is
land prison on a writ of habeas
corpus.
Kelly challenged the constitu
tionality of the Lindbergh anti-kid
naping law under which he received
a life sentence. He contended the
law failed to set a maximum sen
tence.
