# Labor Union Head To Address Class
## 
### 
Henry Schmidt, president of the
San Francisco Longshoremen's and
Warehousemen's Union, is scheduled
to discuss the present strike and
general waterfront conditions this
morning before the labor problems
class, at 10 o'clock in Room 50.
The employers' point of view was
presented earlier this quarter by
Almon E. Roth, president of the San
Francisco Waterfront Employers'
council. Mediation of the present
waterfront conflict may keep
Schmidt in San Francisco, warned
Clark Kerr, acting assistant of eco
nomies.
Henry Schmidt, president of the
San Francisco Longshoremen's and
Warehousemen's Union, is scheduled
to discuss the present strike and
general waterfront conditions this
morning before the labor problems
class, at 10 o'clock in Room 50.
The employers' point of view was
presented earlier this quarter by
Almon E. Roth, president of the San
Francisco Waterfront Employers'
council. Mediation of the present
waterfront conflict may keep
Schmidt in San Francisco, warned
Clark Kerr, acting assistant of eco
nomies.
Henry Schmidt, president of the
San Francisco Longshoremen's and
Warehousemen's Union, is scheduled
to discuss the present strike and
general waterfront conditions this
morning before the labor problems
class, at 10 o'clock in Room 50.
The employers' point of view was
presented earlier this quarter by
Almon E. Roth, president of the San
Francisco Waterfront Employers'
council. Mediation of the present
waterfront conflict may keep
Schmidt in San Francisco, warned
Clark Kerr, acting assistant of eco
nomies.
Henry Schmidt, president of the
San Francisco Longshoremen's and
Warehousemen's Union, is scheduled
to discuss the present strike and
general waterfront conditions this
morning before the labor problems
class, at 10 o'clock in Room 50.
The employers' point of view was
presented earlier this quarter by
Almon E. Roth, president of the San
Francisco Waterfront Employers'
council. Mediation of the present
waterfront conflict may keep
Schmidt in San Francisco, warned
Clark Kerr, acting assistant of eco
nomies.
Henry Schmidt, president of the
San Francisco Longshoremen's and
Warehousemen's Union, is scheduled
to discuss the present strike and
general waterfront conditions this
morning before the labor problems
class, at 10 o'clock in Room 50.
The employers' point of view was
presented earlier this quarter by
Almon E. Roth, president of the San
Francisco Waterfront Employers'
council. Mediation of the present
waterfront conflict may keep
Schmidt in San Francisco, warned
Clark Kerr, acting assistant of eco
nomies.
Henry Schmidt, president of the
San Francisco Longshoremen's and
Warehousemen's Union, is scheduled
to discuss the present strike and
general waterfront conditions this
morning before the labor problems
class, at 10 o'clock in Room 50.
The employers' point of view was
presented earlier this quarter by
Almon E. Roth, president of the San
Francisco Waterfront Employers'
council. Mediation of the present
waterfront conflict may keep
Schmidt in San Francisco, warned
Clark Kerr, acting assistant of eco
nomies.
Henry Schmidt, president of the
San Francisco Longshoremen's and
Warehousemen's Union, is scheduled
to discuss the present strike and
general waterfront conditions this
morning before the labor problems
class, at 10 o'clock in Room 50.
The employers' point of view was
presented earlier this quarter by
Almon E. Roth, president of the San
Francisco Waterfront Employers'
council. Mediation of the present
waterfront conflict may keep
Schmidt in San Francisco, warned
Clark Kerr, acting assistant of eco
nomies.
Henry Schmidt, president of the
San Francisco Longshoremen's and
Warehousemen's Union, is scheduled
to discuss the present strike and
general waterfront conditions this
morning before the labor problems
class, at 10 o'clock in Room 50.
The employers' point of view was
presented earlier this quarter by
Almon E. Roth, president of the San
Francisco Waterfront Employers'
council. Mediation of the present
waterfront conflict may keep
Schmidt in San Francisco, warned
Clark Kerr, acting assistant of eco
nomies.
Henry Schmidt, president of the
San Francisco Longshoremen's and
Warehousemen's Union, is scheduled
to discuss the present strike and
general waterfront conditions this
morning before the labor problems
class, at 10 o'clock in Room 50.
The employers' point of view was
presented earlier this quarter by
Almon E. Roth, president of the San
Francisco Waterfront Employers'
council. Mediation of the present
waterfront conflict may keep
Schmidt in San Francisco, warned
Clark Kerr, acting assistant of eco
nomies.
Henry Schmidt, president of the
San Francisco Longshoremen's and
Warehousemen's Union, is scheduled
to discuss the present strike and
general waterfront conditions this
morning before the labor problems
class, at 10 o'clock in Room 50.
The employers' point of view was
presented earlier this quarter by
Almon E. Roth, president of the San
Francisco Waterfront Employers'
council. Mediation of the present
waterfront conflict may keep
Schmidt in San Francisco, warned
Clark Kerr, acting assistant of eco
nomies.
Henry Schmidt, president of the
San Francisco Longshoremen's and
Warehousemen's Union, is scheduled
to discuss the present strike and
general waterfront conditions this
morning before the labor problems
class, at 10 o'clock in Room 50.
The employers' point of view was
presented earlier this quarter by
Almon E. Roth, president of the San
Francisco Waterfront Employers'
council. Mediation of the present
waterfront conflict may keep
Schmidt in San Francisco, warned
Clark Kerr, acting assistant of eco
nomies.
Henry Schmidt, president of the
San Francisco Longshoremen's and
Warehousemen's Union, is scheduled
to discuss the present strike and
general waterfront conditions this
morning before the labor problems
class, at 10 o'clock in Room 50.
The employers' point of view was
presented earlier this quarter by
Almon E. Roth, president of the San
Francisco Waterfront Employers'
council. Mediation of the present
waterfront conflict may keep
Schmidt in San Francisco, warned
Clark Kerr, acting assistant of eco
nomies.
Henry Schmidt, president of the
San Francisco Longshoremen's and
Warehousemen's Union, is scheduled
to discuss the present strike and
general waterfront conditions this
morning before the labor problems
class, at 10 o'clock in Room 50.
The employers' point of view was
presented earlier this quarter by
Almon E. Roth, president of the San
Francisco Waterfront Employers'
council. Mediation of the present
waterfront conflict may keep
Schmidt in San Francisco, warned
Clark Kerr, acting assistant of eco
nomies.
Henry Schmidt, president of the
San Francisco Longshoremen's and
Warehousemen's Union, is scheduled
to discuss the present strike and
general waterfront conditions this
morning before the labor problems
class, at 10 o'clock in Room 50.
The employers' point of view was
presented earlier this quarter by
Almon E. Roth, president of the San
Francisco Waterfront Employers'
council. Mediation of the present
waterfront conflict may keep
Schmidt in San Francisco, warned
Clark Kerr, acting assistant of eco
nomies.
Henry Schmidt, president of the
San Francisco Longshoremen's and
Warehousemen's Union, is scheduled
to discuss the present strike and
general waterfront conditions this
morning before the labor problems
class, at 10 o'clock in Room 50.
The employers' point of view was
presented earlier this quarter by
Almon E. Roth, president of the San
Francisco Waterfront Employers'
council. Mediation of the present
waterfront conflict may keep
Schmidt in San Francisco, warned
Clark Kerr, acting assistant of eco
nomies.
Henry Schmidt, president of the
San Francisco Longshoremen's and
Warehousemen's Union, is scheduled
to discuss the present strike and
general waterfront conditions this
morning before the labor problems
class, at 10 o'clock in Room 50.
The employers' point of view was
presented earlier this quarter by
Almon E. Roth, president of the San
Francisco Waterfront Employers'
council. Mediation of the present
waterfront conflict may keep
Schmidt in San Francisco, warned
Clark Kerr, acting assistant of eco
nomies.
