# TICKETS STILL AVAILABLE FOR FOUNDERS' DAY
## Allen Urges Students To Hear S.F. Chorus And Farm Orchestra 
### 
Although tickets are being given
today to all alumni and friends who
wish to attend the Founders' Day
service and concert tomorrow night
in the Memorial Church, there are
still a limited number of admission
cards left for students who desire
them. These may be obtained at the
Public Exercises Office in the Ad
ministration Building.
"The music of the program alone
makes it one that no student should
miss," states Warren D. Allen, Uni
versity organist. "Seldom are cam
pus audiences given the opportu
nity to hear music such as Bee
thoven's "Missa Solemnis" and se
lections from Bach's B Minor Mass,
which will be sung by the San Fran
cisco Municipal Chorus of 250."
Other campus leaders have ex
pressed the hope that new students
as well as those who know more of
campus traditions, will attend ihe
exercises and show their apprecia
tion for the Founders on this day
which has been set aside by the
Stanford family jn commemoration
of the birth of Senator Stanford—this
year his 110 th.
Not only the 250 chorus members
will take part in the program, but
also the Stanford Symphony Orches
tra, which has been working the
entire quarter on this music, will
play the accompaniment. The musi
cal scores of this program are par
ticularly difficult, and have taken
many monftis of hard work on the
pax-t of the orchestra and its leader,
Julius Haug, to perfect.
Stanford members of the orchestra
include Don Blackman, Frank Lamb,
Elwyn Bugge, Mrs. Elliott Mears,
Elizabeth Peirce, Faith Carpenter,
Dorothy Vernier, Frances Haws,
Richard Rathman, Robert Lippman,
Thomas Macomber, Marion Walker,
Harding Clcgg, A. C. Whitaker, Mar
gery Barry, Charles Bubb, and John
Hays.
Although tickets are being given
today to all alumni and friends who
wish to attend the Founders' Day
service and concert tomorrow night
in the Memorial Church, there are
still a limited number of admission
cards left for students who desire
them. These may be obtained at the
Public Exercises Office in the Ad
ministration Building.
"The music of the program alone
makes it one that no student should
miss," states Warren D. Allen, Uni
versity organist. "Seldom are cam
pus audiences given the opportu
nity to hear music such as Bee
thoven's "Missa Solemnis" and se
lections from Bach's B Minor Mass,
which will be sung by the San Fran
cisco Municipal Chorus of 250."
Other campus leaders have ex
pressed the hope that new students
as well as those who know more of
campus traditions, will attend ihe
exercises and show their apprecia
tion for the Founders on this day
which has been set aside by the
Stanford family jn commemoration
of the birth of Senator Stanford—this
year his 110 th.
Not only the 250 chorus members
will take part in the program, but
also the Stanford Symphony Orches
tra, which has been working the
entire quarter on this music, will
play the accompaniment. The musi
cal scores of this program are par
ticularly difficult, and have taken
many monftis of hard work on the
pax-t of the orchestra and its leader,
Julius Haug, to perfect.
Stanford members of the orchestra
include Don Blackman, Frank Lamb,
Elwyn Bugge, Mrs. Elliott Mears,
Elizabeth Peirce, Faith Carpenter,
Dorothy Vernier, Frances Haws,
Richard Rathman, Robert Lippman,
Thomas Macomber, Marion Walker,
Harding Clcgg, A. C. Whitaker, Mar
gery Barry, Charles Bubb, and John
Hays.
Although tickets are being given
today to all alumni and friends who
wish to attend the Founders' Day
service and concert tomorrow night
in the Memorial Church, there are
still a limited number of admission
cards left for students who desire
them. These may be obtained at the
Public Exercises Office in the Ad
ministration Building.
"The music of the program alone
makes it one that no student should
miss," states Warren D. Allen, Uni
versity organist. "Seldom are cam
pus audiences given the opportu
nity to hear music such as Bee
thoven's "Missa Solemnis" and se
lections from Bach's B Minor Mass,
which will be sung by the San Fran
cisco Municipal Chorus of 250."
Other campus leaders have ex
pressed the hope that new students
as well as those who know more of
campus traditions, will attend ihe
exercises and show their apprecia
tion for the Founders on this day
which has been set aside by the
Stanford family jn commemoration
of the birth of Senator Stanford—this
year his 110 th.
Not only the 250 chorus members
will take part in the program, but
also the Stanford Symphony Orches
tra, which has been working the
entire quarter on this music, will
play the accompaniment. The musi
cal scores of this program are par
ticularly difficult, and have taken
many monftis of hard work on the
pax-t of the orchestra and its leader,
Julius Haug, to perfect.
Stanford members of the orchestra
include Don Blackman, Frank Lamb,
Elwyn Bugge, Mrs. Elliott Mears,
Elizabeth Peirce, Faith Carpenter,
Dorothy Vernier, Frances Haws,
Richard Rathman, Robert Lippman,
Thomas Macomber, Marion Walker,
Harding Clcgg, A. C. Whitaker, Mar
gery Barry, Charles Bubb, and John
Hays.
Although tickets are being given
today to all alumni and friends who
wish to attend the Founders' Day
service and concert tomorrow night
in the Memorial Church, there are
still a limited number of admission
cards left for students who desire
them. These may be obtained at the
Public Exercises Office in the Ad
ministration Building.
"The music of the program alone
makes it one that no student should
miss," states Warren D. Allen, Uni
versity organist. "Seldom are cam
pus audiences given the opportu
nity to hear music such as Bee
thoven's "Missa Solemnis" and se
lections from Bach's B Minor Mass,
which will be sung by the San Fran
cisco Municipal Chorus of 250."
Other campus leaders have ex
pressed the hope that new students
as well as those who know more of
campus traditions, will attend ihe
exercises and show their apprecia
tion for the Founders on this day
which has been set aside by the
Stanford family jn commemoration
of the birth of Senator Stanford—this
year his 110 th.
Not only the 250 chorus members
will take part in the program, but
also the Stanford Symphony Orches
tra, which has been working the
entire quarter on this music, will
play the accompaniment. The musi
cal scores of this program are par
ticularly difficult, and have taken
many monftis of hard work on the
pax-t of the orchestra and its leader,
Julius Haug, to perfect.
Stanford members of the orchestra
include Don Blackman, Frank Lamb,
Elwyn Bugge, Mrs. Elliott Mears,
Elizabeth Peirce, Faith Carpenter,
Dorothy Vernier, Frances Haws,
Richard Rathman, Robert Lippman,
Thomas Macomber, Marion Walker,
Harding Clcgg, A. C. Whitaker, Mar
gery Barry, Charles Bubb, and John
Hays.
Although tickets are being given
today to all alumni and friends who
wish to attend the Founders' Day
service and concert tomorrow night
in the Memorial Church, there are
still a limited number of admission
cards left for students who desire
them. These may be obtained at the
Public Exercises Office in the Ad
ministration Building.
"The music of the program alone
makes it one that no student should
miss," states Warren D. Allen, Uni
versity organist. "Seldom are cam
pus audiences given the opportu
nity to hear music such as Bee
thoven's "Missa Solemnis" and se
lections from Bach's B Minor Mass,
which will be sung by the San Fran
cisco Municipal Chorus of 250."
Other campus leaders have ex
pressed the hope that new students
as well as those who know more of
campus traditions, will attend ihe
exercises and show their apprecia
tion for the Founders on this day
which has been set aside by the
Stanford family jn commemoration
of the birth of Senator Stanford—this
year his 110 th.
Not only the 250 chorus members
will take part in the program, but
also the Stanford Symphony Orches
tra, which has been working the
entire quarter on this music, will
play the accompaniment. The musi
cal scores of this program are par
ticularly difficult, and have taken
many monftis of hard work on the
pax-t of the orchestra and its leader,
Julius Haug, to perfect.
Stanford members of the orchestra
include Don Blackman, Frank Lamb,
Elwyn Bugge, Mrs. Elliott Mears,
Elizabeth Peirce, Faith Carpenter,
Dorothy Vernier, Frances Haws,
Richard Rathman, Robert Lippman,
Thomas Macomber, Marion Walker,
Harding Clcgg, A. C. Whitaker, Mar
gery Barry, Charles Bubb, and John
Hays.
Although tickets are being given
today to all alumni and friends who
wish to attend the Founders' Day
service and concert tomorrow night
in the Memorial Church, there are
still a limited number of admission
cards left for students who desire
them. These may be obtained at the
Public Exercises Office in the Ad
ministration Building.
"The music of the program alone
makes it one that no student should
miss," states Warren D. Allen, Uni
versity organist. "Seldom are cam
pus audiences given the opportu
nity to hear music such as Bee
thoven's "Missa Solemnis" and se
lections from Bach's B Minor Mass,
which will be sung by the San Fran
cisco Municipal Chorus of 250."
Other campus leaders have ex
pressed the hope that new students
as well as those who know more of
campus traditions, will attend ihe
exercises and show their apprecia
tion for the Founders on this day
which has been set aside by the
Stanford family jn commemoration
of the birth of Senator Stanford—this
year his 110 th.
Not only the 250 chorus members
will take part in the program, but
also the Stanford Symphony Orches
tra, which has been working the
entire quarter on this music, will
play the accompaniment. The musi
cal scores of this program are par
ticularly difficult, and have taken
many monftis of hard work on the
pax-t of the orchestra and its leader,
Julius Haug, to perfect.
Stanford members of the orchestra
include Don Blackman, Frank Lamb,
Elwyn Bugge, Mrs. Elliott Mears,
Elizabeth Peirce, Faith Carpenter,
Dorothy Vernier, Frances Haws,
Richard Rathman, Robert Lippman,
Thomas Macomber, Marion Walker,
Harding Clcgg, A. C. Whitaker, Mar
gery Barry, Charles Bubb, and John
Hays.
Although tickets are being given
today to all alumni and friends who
wish to attend the Founders' Day
service and concert tomorrow night
in the Memorial Church, there are
still a limited number of admission
cards left for students who desire
them. These may be obtained at the
Public Exercises Office in the Ad
ministration Building.
"The music of the program alone
makes it one that no student should
miss," states Warren D. Allen, Uni
versity organist. "Seldom are cam
pus audiences given the opportu
nity to hear music such as Bee
thoven's "Missa Solemnis" and se
lections from Bach's B Minor Mass,
which will be sung by the San Fran
cisco Municipal Chorus of 250."
Other campus leaders have ex
pressed the hope that new students
as well as those who know more of
campus traditions, will attend ihe
exercises and show their apprecia
tion for the Founders on this day
which has been set aside by the
Stanford family jn commemoration
of the birth of Senator Stanford—this
year his 110 th.
Not only the 250 chorus members
will take part in the program, but
also the Stanford Symphony Orches
tra, which has been working the
entire quarter on this music, will
play the accompaniment. The musi
cal scores of this program are par
ticularly difficult, and have taken
many monftis of hard work on the
pax-t of the orchestra and its leader,
Julius Haug, to perfect.
Stanford members of the orchestra
include Don Blackman, Frank Lamb,
Elwyn Bugge, Mrs. Elliott Mears,
Elizabeth Peirce, Faith Carpenter,
Dorothy Vernier, Frances Haws,
Richard Rathman, Robert Lippman,
Thomas Macomber, Marion Walker,
Harding Clcgg, A. C. Whitaker, Mar
gery Barry, Charles Bubb, and John
Hays.
Although tickets are being given
today to all alumni and friends who
wish to attend the Founders' Day
service and concert tomorrow night
in the Memorial Church, there are
still a limited number of admission
cards left for students who desire
them. These may be obtained at the
Public Exercises Office in the Ad
ministration Building.
"The music of the program alone
makes it one that no student should
miss," states Warren D. Allen, Uni
versity organist. "Seldom are cam
pus audiences given the opportu
nity to hear music such as Bee
thoven's "Missa Solemnis" and se
lections from Bach's B Minor Mass,
which will be sung by the San Fran
cisco Municipal Chorus of 250."
Other campus leaders have ex
pressed the hope that new students
as well as those who know more of
campus traditions, will attend ihe
exercises and show their apprecia
tion for the Founders on this day
which has been set aside by the
Stanford family jn commemoration
of the birth of Senator Stanford—this
year his 110 th.
Not only the 250 chorus members
will take part in the program, but
also the Stanford Symphony Orches
tra, which has been working the
entire quarter on this music, will
play the accompaniment. The musi
cal scores of this program are par
ticularly difficult, and have taken
many monftis of hard work on the
pax-t of the orchestra and its leader,
Julius Haug, to perfect.
Stanford members of the orchestra
include Don Blackman, Frank Lamb,
Elwyn Bugge, Mrs. Elliott Mears,
Elizabeth Peirce, Faith Carpenter,
Dorothy Vernier, Frances Haws,
Richard Rathman, Robert Lippman,
Thomas Macomber, Marion Walker,
Harding Clcgg, A. C. Whitaker, Mar
gery Barry, Charles Bubb, and John
Hays.
Although tickets are being given
today to all alumni and friends who
wish to attend the Founders' Day
service and concert tomorrow night
in the Memorial Church, there are
still a limited number of admission
cards left for students who desire
them. These may be obtained at the
Public Exercises Office in the Ad
ministration Building.
"The music of the program alone
makes it one that no student should
miss," states Warren D. Allen, Uni
versity organist. "Seldom are cam
pus audiences given the opportu
nity to hear music such as Bee
thoven's "Missa Solemnis" and se
lections from Bach's B Minor Mass,
which will be sung by the San Fran
cisco Municipal Chorus of 250."
Other campus leaders have ex
pressed the hope that new students
as well as those who know more of
campus traditions, will attend ihe
exercises and show their apprecia
tion for the Founders on this day
which has been set aside by the
Stanford family jn commemoration
of the birth of Senator Stanford—this
year his 110 th.
Not only the 250 chorus members
will take part in the program, but
also the Stanford Symphony Orches
tra, which has been working the
entire quarter on this music, will
play the accompaniment. The musi
cal scores of this program are par
ticularly difficult, and have taken
many monftis of hard work on the
pax-t of the orchestra and its leader,
Julius Haug, to perfect.
Stanford members of the orchestra
include Don Blackman, Frank Lamb,
Elwyn Bugge, Mrs. Elliott Mears,
Elizabeth Peirce, Faith Carpenter,
Dorothy Vernier, Frances Haws,
Richard Rathman, Robert Lippman,
Thomas Macomber, Marion Walker,
Harding Clcgg, A. C. Whitaker, Mar
gery Barry, Charles Bubb, and John
Hays.
Although tickets are being given
today to all alumni and friends who
wish to attend the Founders' Day
service and concert tomorrow night
in the Memorial Church, there are
still a limited number of admission
cards left for students who desire
them. These may be obtained at the
Public Exercises Office in the Ad
ministration Building.
"The music of the program alone
makes it one that no student should
miss," states Warren D. Allen, Uni
versity organist. "Seldom are cam
pus audiences given the opportu
nity to hear music such as Bee
thoven's "Missa Solemnis" and se
lections from Bach's B Minor Mass,
which will be sung by the San Fran
cisco Municipal Chorus of 250."
Other campus leaders have ex
pressed the hope that new students
as well as those who know more of
campus traditions, will attend ihe
exercises and show their apprecia
tion for the Founders on this day
which has been set aside by the
Stanford family jn commemoration
of the birth of Senator Stanford—this
year his 110 th.
Not only the 250 chorus members
will take part in the program, but
also the Stanford Symphony Orches
tra, which has been working the
entire quarter on this music, will
play the accompaniment. The musi
cal scores of this program are par
ticularly difficult, and have taken
many monftis of hard work on the
pax-t of the orchestra and its leader,
Julius Haug, to perfect.
Stanford members of the orchestra
include Don Blackman, Frank Lamb,
Elwyn Bugge, Mrs. Elliott Mears,
Elizabeth Peirce, Faith Carpenter,
Dorothy Vernier, Frances Haws,
Richard Rathman, Robert Lippman,
Thomas Macomber, Marion Walker,
Harding Clcgg, A. C. Whitaker, Mar
gery Barry, Charles Bubb, and John
Hays.
Although tickets are being given
today to all alumni and friends who
wish to attend the Founders' Day
service and concert tomorrow night
in the Memorial Church, there are
still a limited number of admission
cards left for students who desire
them. These may be obtained at the
Public Exercises Office in the Ad
ministration Building.
"The music of the program alone
makes it one that no student should
miss," states Warren D. Allen, Uni
versity organist. "Seldom are cam
pus audiences given the opportu
nity to hear music such as Bee
thoven's "Missa Solemnis" and se
lections from Bach's B Minor Mass,
which will be sung by the San Fran
cisco Municipal Chorus of 250."
Other campus leaders have ex
pressed the hope that new students
as well as those who know more of
campus traditions, will attend ihe
exercises and show their apprecia
tion for the Founders on this day
which has been set aside by the
Stanford family jn commemoration
of the birth of Senator Stanford—this
year his 110 th.
Not only the 250 chorus members
will take part in the program, but
also the Stanford Symphony Orches
tra, which has been working the
entire quarter on this music, will
play the accompaniment. The musi
cal scores of this program are par
ticularly difficult, and have taken
many monftis of hard work on the
pax-t of the orchestra and its leader,
Julius Haug, to perfect.
Stanford members of the orchestra
include Don Blackman, Frank Lamb,
Elwyn Bugge, Mrs. Elliott Mears,
Elizabeth Peirce, Faith Carpenter,
Dorothy Vernier, Frances Haws,
Richard Rathman, Robert Lippman,
Thomas Macomber, Marion Walker,
Harding Clcgg, A. C. Whitaker, Mar
gery Barry, Charles Bubb, and John
Hays.
Although tickets are being given
today to all alumni and friends who
wish to attend the Founders' Day
service and concert tomorrow night
in the Memorial Church, there are
still a limited number of admission
cards left for students who desire
them. These may be obtained at the
Public Exercises Office in the Ad
ministration Building.
"The music of the program alone
makes it one that no student should
miss," states Warren D. Allen, Uni
versity organist. "Seldom are cam
pus audiences given the opportu
nity to hear music such as Bee
thoven's "Missa Solemnis" and se
lections from Bach's B Minor Mass,
which will be sung by the San Fran
cisco Municipal Chorus of 250."
Other campus leaders have ex
pressed the hope that new students
as well as those who know more of
campus traditions, will attend ihe
exercises and show their apprecia
tion for the Founders on this day
which has been set aside by the
Stanford family jn commemoration
of the birth of Senator Stanford—this
year his 110 th.
Not only the 250 chorus members
will take part in the program, but
also the Stanford Symphony Orches
tra, which has been working the
entire quarter on this music, will
play the accompaniment. The musi
cal scores of this program are par
ticularly difficult, and have taken
many monftis of hard work on the
pax-t of the orchestra and its leader,
Julius Haug, to perfect.
Stanford members of the orchestra
include Don Blackman, Frank Lamb,
Elwyn Bugge, Mrs. Elliott Mears,
Elizabeth Peirce, Faith Carpenter,
Dorothy Vernier, Frances Haws,
Richard Rathman, Robert Lippman,
Thomas Macomber, Marion Walker,
Harding Clcgg, A. C. Whitaker, Mar
gery Barry, Charles Bubb, and John
Hays.
Although tickets are being given
today to all alumni and friends who
wish to attend the Founders' Day
service and concert tomorrow night
in the Memorial Church, there are
still a limited number of admission
cards left for students who desire
them. These may be obtained at the
Public Exercises Office in the Ad
ministration Building.
"The music of the program alone
makes it one that no student should
miss," states Warren D. Allen, Uni
versity organist. "Seldom are cam
pus audiences given the opportu
nity to hear music such as Bee
thoven's "Missa Solemnis" and se
lections from Bach's B Minor Mass,
which will be sung by the San Fran
cisco Municipal Chorus of 250."
Other campus leaders have ex
pressed the hope that new students
as well as those who know more of
campus traditions, will attend ihe
exercises and show their apprecia
tion for the Founders on this day
which has been set aside by the
Stanford family jn commemoration
of the birth of Senator Stanford—this
year his 110 th.
Not only the 250 chorus members
will take part in the program, but
also the Stanford Symphony Orches
tra, which has been working the
entire quarter on this music, will
play the accompaniment. The musi
cal scores of this program are par
ticularly difficult, and have taken
many monftis of hard work on the
pax-t of the orchestra and its leader,
Julius Haug, to perfect.
Stanford members of the orchestra
include Don Blackman, Frank Lamb,
Elwyn Bugge, Mrs. Elliott Mears,
Elizabeth Peirce, Faith Carpenter,
Dorothy Vernier, Frances Haws,
Richard Rathman, Robert Lippman,
Thomas Macomber, Marion Walker,
Harding Clcgg, A. C. Whitaker, Mar
gery Barry, Charles Bubb, and John
Hays.
Although tickets are being given
today to all alumni and friends who
wish to attend the Founders' Day
service and concert tomorrow night
in the Memorial Church, there are
still a limited number of admission
cards left for students who desire
them. These may be obtained at the
Public Exercises Office in the Ad
ministration Building.
"The music of the program alone
makes it one that no student should
miss," states Warren D. Allen, Uni
versity organist. "Seldom are cam
pus audiences given the opportu
nity to hear music such as Bee
thoven's "Missa Solemnis" and se
lections from Bach's B Minor Mass,
which will be sung by the San Fran
cisco Municipal Chorus of 250."
Other campus leaders have ex
pressed the hope that new students
as well as those who know more of
campus traditions, will attend ihe
exercises and show their apprecia
tion for the Founders on this day
which has been set aside by the
Stanford family jn commemoration
of the birth of Senator Stanford—this
year his 110 th.
Not only the 250 chorus members
will take part in the program, but
also the Stanford Symphony Orches
tra, which has been working the
entire quarter on this music, will
play the accompaniment. The musi
cal scores of this program are par
ticularly difficult, and have taken
many monftis of hard work on the
pax-t of the orchestra and its leader,
Julius Haug, to perfect.
Stanford members of the orchestra
include Don Blackman, Frank Lamb,
Elwyn Bugge, Mrs. Elliott Mears,
Elizabeth Peirce, Faith Carpenter,
Dorothy Vernier, Frances Haws,
Richard Rathman, Robert Lippman,
Thomas Macomber, Marion Walker,
Harding Clcgg, A. C. Whitaker, Mar
gery Barry, Charles Bubb, and John
Hays.
Although tickets are being given
today to all alumni and friends who
wish to attend the Founders' Day
service and concert tomorrow night
in the Memorial Church, there are
still a limited number of admission
cards left for students who desire
them. These may be obtained at the
Public Exercises Office in the Ad
ministration Building.
"The music of the program alone
makes it one that no student should
miss," states Warren D. Allen, Uni
versity organist. "Seldom are cam
pus audiences given the opportu
nity to hear music such as Bee
thoven's "Missa Solemnis" and se
lections from Bach's B Minor Mass,
which will be sung by the San Fran
cisco Municipal Chorus of 250."
Other campus leaders have ex
pressed the hope that new students
as well as those who know more of
campus traditions, will attend ihe
exercises and show their apprecia
tion for the Founders on this day
which has been set aside by the
Stanford family jn commemoration
of the birth of Senator Stanford—this
year his 110 th.
Not only the 250 chorus members
will take part in the program, but
also the Stanford Symphony Orches
tra, which has been working the
entire quarter on this music, will
play the accompaniment. The musi
cal scores of this program are par
ticularly difficult, and have taken
many monftis of hard work on the
pax-t of the orchestra and its leader,
Julius Haug, to perfect.
Stanford members of the orchestra
include Don Blackman, Frank Lamb,
Elwyn Bugge, Mrs. Elliott Mears,
Elizabeth Peirce, Faith Carpenter,
Dorothy Vernier, Frances Haws,
Richard Rathman, Robert Lippman,
Thomas Macomber, Marion Walker,
Harding Clcgg, A. C. Whitaker, Mar
gery Barry, Charles Bubb, and John
Hays.
