# Old Capitol of Virginia Restored
## 
### 

John D. Rockefeller, Jr., who has donated $12,000,000 to
rebuild Williamsburg, former capital of Virginia, in front of
the reconstructed Capitol Building, where he was guest of
honor at a session of the General Assembly held to dedicate
the building.

John D. Rockefeller, Jr., who has donated $12,000,000 to
rebuild Williamsburg, former capital of Virginia, in front of
the reconstructed Capitol Building, where he was guest of
honor at a session of the General Assembly held to dedicate
the building.

John D. Rockefeller, Jr., who has donated $12,000,000 to
rebuild Williamsburg, former capital of Virginia, in front of
the reconstructed Capitol Building, where he was guest of
honor at a session of the General Assembly held to dedicate
the building.

John D. Rockefeller, Jr., who has donated $12,000,000 to
rebuild Williamsburg, former capital of Virginia, in front of
the reconstructed Capitol Building, where he was guest of
honor at a session of the General Assembly held to dedicate
the building.

John D. Rockefeller, Jr., who has donated $12,000,000 to
rebuild Williamsburg, former capital of Virginia, in front of
the reconstructed Capitol Building, where he was guest of
honor at a session of the General Assembly held to dedicate
the building.

John D. Rockefeller, Jr., who has donated $12,000,000 to
rebuild Williamsburg, former capital of Virginia, in front of
the reconstructed Capitol Building, where he was guest of
honor at a session of the General Assembly held to dedicate
the building.

John D. Rockefeller, Jr., who has donated $12,000,000 to
rebuild Williamsburg, former capital of Virginia, in front of
the reconstructed Capitol Building, where he was guest of
honor at a session of the General Assembly held to dedicate
the building.

John D. Rockefeller, Jr., who has donated $12,000,000 to
rebuild Williamsburg, former capital of Virginia, in front of
the reconstructed Capitol Building, where he was guest of
honor at a session of the General Assembly held to dedicate
the building.

John D. Rockefeller, Jr., who has donated $12,000,000 to
rebuild Williamsburg, former capital of Virginia, in front of
the reconstructed Capitol Building, where he was guest of
honor at a session of the General Assembly held to dedicate
the building.

John D. Rockefeller, Jr., who has donated $12,000,000 to
rebuild Williamsburg, former capital of Virginia, in front of
the reconstructed Capitol Building, where he was guest of
honor at a session of the General Assembly held to dedicate
the building.

John D. Rockefeller, Jr., who has donated $12,000,000 to
rebuild Williamsburg, former capital of Virginia, in front of
the reconstructed Capitol Building, where he was guest of
honor at a session of the General Assembly held to dedicate
the building.

John D. Rockefeller, Jr., who has donated $12,000,000 to
rebuild Williamsburg, former capital of Virginia, in front of
the reconstructed Capitol Building, where he was guest of
honor at a session of the General Assembly held to dedicate
the building.

John D. Rockefeller, Jr., who has donated $12,000,000 to
rebuild Williamsburg, former capital of Virginia, in front of
the reconstructed Capitol Building, where he was guest of
honor at a session of the General Assembly held to dedicate
the building.

John D. Rockefeller, Jr., who has donated $12,000,000 to
rebuild Williamsburg, former capital of Virginia, in front of
the reconstructed Capitol Building, where he was guest of
honor at a session of the General Assembly held to dedicate
the building.

John D. Rockefeller, Jr., who has donated $12,000,000 to
rebuild Williamsburg, former capital of Virginia, in front of
the reconstructed Capitol Building, where he was guest of
honor at a session of the General Assembly held to dedicate
the building.
