# MUSIC CLUB TO HOLD TRYOUTS NEXT WEEK
## 
### 
Tryouts for Music Club will be held
next Wednesday in the Women's Club
House, at 7:15. All those who have
not made the Club or who have not
tried out may do so at that time.
The Music Club is planning to give
several informal concerts for its
members. The big concert of the year
will be given during the spring quar
ter in the Little Theatre.
Tryouts for Music Club will be held
next Wednesday in the Women's Club
House, at 7:15. All those who have
not made the Club or who have not
tried out may do so at that time.
The Music Club is planning to give
several informal concerts for its
members. The big concert of the year
will be given during the spring quar
ter in the Little Theatre.
Tryouts for Music Club will be held
next Wednesday in the Women's Club
House, at 7:15. All those who have
not made the Club or who have not
tried out may do so at that time.
The Music Club is planning to give
several informal concerts for its
members. The big concert of the year
will be given during the spring quar
ter in the Little Theatre.
Tryouts for Music Club will be held
next Wednesday in the Women's Club
House, at 7:15. All those who have
not made the Club or who have not
tried out may do so at that time.
The Music Club is planning to give
several informal concerts for its
members. The big concert of the year
will be given during the spring quar
ter in the Little Theatre.
Tryouts for Music Club will be held
next Wednesday in the Women's Club
House, at 7:15. All those who have
not made the Club or who have not
tried out may do so at that time.
The Music Club is planning to give
several informal concerts for its
members. The big concert of the year
will be given during the spring quar
ter in the Little Theatre.
Tryouts for Music Club will be held
next Wednesday in the Women's Club
House, at 7:15. All those who have
not made the Club or who have not
tried out may do so at that time.
The Music Club is planning to give
several informal concerts for its
members. The big concert of the year
will be given during the spring quar
ter in the Little Theatre.
Tryouts for Music Club will be held
next Wednesday in the Women's Club
House, at 7:15. All those who have
not made the Club or who have not
tried out may do so at that time.
The Music Club is planning to give
several informal concerts for its
members. The big concert of the year
will be given during the spring quar
ter in the Little Theatre.
Tryouts for Music Club will be held
next Wednesday in the Women's Club
House, at 7:15. All those who have
not made the Club or who have not
tried out may do so at that time.
The Music Club is planning to give
several informal concerts for its
members. The big concert of the year
will be given during the spring quar
ter in the Little Theatre.
Tryouts for Music Club will be held
next Wednesday in the Women's Club
House, at 7:15. All those who have
not made the Club or who have not
tried out may do so at that time.
The Music Club is planning to give
several informal concerts for its
members. The big concert of the year
will be given during the spring quar
ter in the Little Theatre.
Tryouts for Music Club will be held
next Wednesday in the Women's Club
House, at 7:15. All those who have
not made the Club or who have not
tried out may do so at that time.
The Music Club is planning to give
several informal concerts for its
members. The big concert of the year
will be given during the spring quar
ter in the Little Theatre.
Tryouts for Music Club will be held
next Wednesday in the Women's Club
House, at 7:15. All those who have
not made the Club or who have not
tried out may do so at that time.
The Music Club is planning to give
several informal concerts for its
members. The big concert of the year
will be given during the spring quar
ter in the Little Theatre.
Tryouts for Music Club will be held
next Wednesday in the Women's Club
House, at 7:15. All those who have
not made the Club or who have not
tried out may do so at that time.
The Music Club is planning to give
several informal concerts for its
members. The big concert of the year
will be given during the spring quar
ter in the Little Theatre.
Tryouts for Music Club will be held
next Wednesday in the Women's Club
House, at 7:15. All those who have
not made the Club or who have not
tried out may do so at that time.
The Music Club is planning to give
several informal concerts for its
members. The big concert of the year
will be given during the spring quar
ter in the Little Theatre.
