# Strawberries Sell Tuesday
## 
### 
Shortcake for the Con Home tra
ditional Strawberry Brunch will be
whipped up this year by Mac, La
throp's famous cook, announced
Nancy Lang ley, brunch chairman.
Shortcake will be covered with
strawberries, and strawberries with
whipped creamâ€”all this and enter
tainment too for 25 cents a serving
next Tuesday from 11 to 4 p.m.
The Y.W.C.A., sponsoring the
brunch, plans to turn the entire profit
over to the Con Home Drive this
year, announced Miss Pat Davidson,
"Y" secretary.
Sue Williams and Pat Crosby are
publicity chairmen; Corky Wollman,
entertainment; Anne Bubb, tickets;
Chris Flack, refreshments; Eve Bor
de, freshman women; Betsy Sotzen,
Bernice Glendenning, B. J. Elliott,
Merle Beuttel, and Nancy Travcrso,
arrangements.
