# Untitled Article
## 
### 

By United Press
George Moneharsh, former deputy
administrator for the Office of
Price Administration, San Fran
cisco area, has now been named
deputy administrator in charge of
enforcement in the national OPA.

By United Press
George Moneharsh, former deputy
administrator for the Office of
Price Administration, San Fran
cisco area, has now been named
deputy administrator in charge of
enforcement in the national OPA.

By United Press
George Moneharsh, former deputy
administrator for the Office of
Price Administration, San Fran
cisco area, has now been named
deputy administrator in charge of
enforcement in the national OPA.

By United Press
George Moneharsh, former deputy
administrator for the Office of
Price Administration, San Fran
cisco area, has now been named
deputy administrator in charge of
enforcement in the national OPA.

By United Press
George Moneharsh, former deputy
administrator for the Office of
Price Administration, San Fran
cisco area, has now been named
deputy administrator in charge of
enforcement in the national OPA.

By United Press
George Moneharsh, former deputy
administrator for the Office of
Price Administration, San Fran
cisco area, has now been named
deputy administrator in charge of
enforcement in the national OPA.

By United Press
George Moneharsh, former deputy
administrator for the Office of
Price Administration, San Fran
cisco area, has now been named
deputy administrator in charge of
enforcement in the national OPA.

By United Press
George Moneharsh, former deputy
administrator for the Office of
Price Administration, San Fran
cisco area, has now been named
deputy administrator in charge of
enforcement in the national OPA.

By United Press
George Moneharsh, former deputy
administrator for the Office of
Price Administration, San Fran
cisco area, has now been named
deputy administrator in charge of
enforcement in the national OPA.

By United Press
George Moneharsh, former deputy
administrator for the Office of
Price Administration, San Fran
cisco area, has now been named
deputy administrator in charge of
enforcement in the national OPA.

By United Press
George Moneharsh, former deputy
administrator for the Office of
Price Administration, San Fran
cisco area, has now been named
deputy administrator in charge of
enforcement in the national OPA.

By United Press
George Moneharsh, former deputy
administrator for the Office of
Price Administration, San Fran
cisco area, has now been named
deputy administrator in charge of
enforcement in the national OPA.

By United Press
George Moneharsh, former deputy
administrator for the Office of
Price Administration, San Fran
cisco area, has now been named
deputy administrator in charge of
enforcement in the national OPA.

By United Press
George Moneharsh, former deputy
administrator for the Office of
Price Administration, San Fran
cisco area, has now been named
deputy administrator in charge of
enforcement in the national OPA.

By United Press
George Moneharsh, former deputy
administrator for the Office of
Price Administration, San Fran
cisco area, has now been named
deputy administrator in charge of
enforcement in the national OPA.
