# CAP AND GOWN TEA
## 
### 
Cap and Gown members will meet
tomorrow for tea at the home of
Mrs. Marge Pabst, 1459 Hamilton,
from 4to p.m.
Cap and Gown members will meet
tomorrow for tea at the home of
Mrs. Marge Pabst, 1459 Hamilton,
from 4to p.m.
Cap and Gown members will meet
tomorrow for tea at the home of
Mrs. Marge Pabst, 1459 Hamilton,
from 4to p.m.
Cap and Gown members will meet
tomorrow for tea at the home of
Mrs. Marge Pabst, 1459 Hamilton,
from 4to p.m.
Cap and Gown members will meet
tomorrow for tea at the home of
Mrs. Marge Pabst, 1459 Hamilton,
from 4to p.m.
Cap and Gown members will meet
tomorrow for tea at the home of
Mrs. Marge Pabst, 1459 Hamilton,
from 4to p.m.
Cap and Gown members will meet
tomorrow for tea at the home of
Mrs. Marge Pabst, 1459 Hamilton,
from 4to p.m.
Cap and Gown members will meet
tomorrow for tea at the home of
Mrs. Marge Pabst, 1459 Hamilton,
from 4to p.m.
Cap and Gown members will meet
tomorrow for tea at the home of
Mrs. Marge Pabst, 1459 Hamilton,
from 4to p.m.
Cap and Gown members will meet
tomorrow for tea at the home of
Mrs. Marge Pabst, 1459 Hamilton,
from 4to p.m.
Cap and Gown members will meet
tomorrow for tea at the home of
Mrs. Marge Pabst, 1459 Hamilton,
from 4to p.m.
Cap and Gown members will meet
tomorrow for tea at the home of
Mrs. Marge Pabst, 1459 Hamilton,
from 4to p.m.
Cap and Gown members will meet
tomorrow for tea at the home of
Mrs. Marge Pabst, 1459 Hamilton,
from 4to p.m.
Cap and Gown members will meet
tomorrow for tea at the home of
Mrs. Marge Pabst, 1459 Hamilton,
from 4to p.m.
Cap and Gown members will meet
tomorrow for tea at the home of
Mrs. Marge Pabst, 1459 Hamilton,
from 4to p.m.
