# Roble Party To Be 'A Spring Parade'
## 
### 
"Spring Parade" will be the j
theme for the Roble birthday din
ner, to be held tonight in B dining
room for all girls in Roble having
birthdays between February and
July. •
Barbara Carter, general chairman,
has announced that entertainment
will follow the dinner and will con
sist of a spring fashion parade.
Committee chairmen are Barbara
Beddow, invitations; Rosemary Cot
trell, decorations; Martha Schwim
ley, entertainment; Marilyn Smith,
clean-up; and Eldana Fore, favors.
"Spring Parade" will be the j
theme for the Roble birthday din
ner, to be held tonight in B dining
room for all girls in Roble having
birthdays between February and
July. •
Barbara Carter, general chairman,
has announced that entertainment
will follow the dinner and will con
sist of a spring fashion parade.
Committee chairmen are Barbara
Beddow, invitations; Rosemary Cot
trell, decorations; Martha Schwim
ley, entertainment; Marilyn Smith,
clean-up; and Eldana Fore, favors.
"Spring Parade" will be the j
theme for the Roble birthday din
ner, to be held tonight in B dining
room for all girls in Roble having
birthdays between February and
July. •
Barbara Carter, general chairman,
has announced that entertainment
will follow the dinner and will con
sist of a spring fashion parade.
Committee chairmen are Barbara
Beddow, invitations; Rosemary Cot
trell, decorations; Martha Schwim
ley, entertainment; Marilyn Smith,
clean-up; and Eldana Fore, favors.
"Spring Parade" will be the j
theme for the Roble birthday din
ner, to be held tonight in B dining
room for all girls in Roble having
birthdays between February and
July. •
Barbara Carter, general chairman,
has announced that entertainment
will follow the dinner and will con
sist of a spring fashion parade.
Committee chairmen are Barbara
Beddow, invitations; Rosemary Cot
trell, decorations; Martha Schwim
ley, entertainment; Marilyn Smith,
clean-up; and Eldana Fore, favors.
"Spring Parade" will be the j
theme for the Roble birthday din
ner, to be held tonight in B dining
room for all girls in Roble having
birthdays between February and
July. •
Barbara Carter, general chairman,
has announced that entertainment
will follow the dinner and will con
sist of a spring fashion parade.
Committee chairmen are Barbara
Beddow, invitations; Rosemary Cot
trell, decorations; Martha Schwim
ley, entertainment; Marilyn Smith,
clean-up; and Eldana Fore, favors.
"Spring Parade" will be the j
theme for the Roble birthday din
ner, to be held tonight in B dining
room for all girls in Roble having
birthdays between February and
July. •
Barbara Carter, general chairman,
has announced that entertainment
will follow the dinner and will con
sist of a spring fashion parade.
Committee chairmen are Barbara
Beddow, invitations; Rosemary Cot
trell, decorations; Martha Schwim
ley, entertainment; Marilyn Smith,
clean-up; and Eldana Fore, favors.
"Spring Parade" will be the j
theme for the Roble birthday din
ner, to be held tonight in B dining
room for all girls in Roble having
birthdays between February and
July. •
Barbara Carter, general chairman,
has announced that entertainment
will follow the dinner and will con
sist of a spring fashion parade.
Committee chairmen are Barbara
Beddow, invitations; Rosemary Cot
trell, decorations; Martha Schwim
ley, entertainment; Marilyn Smith,
clean-up; and Eldana Fore, favors.
"Spring Parade" will be the j
theme for the Roble birthday din
ner, to be held tonight in B dining
room for all girls in Roble having
birthdays between February and
July. •
Barbara Carter, general chairman,
has announced that entertainment
will follow the dinner and will con
sist of a spring fashion parade.
Committee chairmen are Barbara
Beddow, invitations; Rosemary Cot
trell, decorations; Martha Schwim
ley, entertainment; Marilyn Smith,
clean-up; and Eldana Fore, favors.
"Spring Parade" will be the j
theme for the Roble birthday din
ner, to be held tonight in B dining
room for all girls in Roble having
birthdays between February and
July. •
Barbara Carter, general chairman,
has announced that entertainment
will follow the dinner and will con
sist of a spring fashion parade.
Committee chairmen are Barbara
Beddow, invitations; Rosemary Cot
trell, decorations; Martha Schwim
ley, entertainment; Marilyn Smith,
clean-up; and Eldana Fore, favors.
"Spring Parade" will be the j
theme for the Roble birthday din
ner, to be held tonight in B dining
room for all girls in Roble having
birthdays between February and
July. •
Barbara Carter, general chairman,
has announced that entertainment
will follow the dinner and will con
sist of a spring fashion parade.
Committee chairmen are Barbara
Beddow, invitations; Rosemary Cot
trell, decorations; Martha Schwim
ley, entertainment; Marilyn Smith,
clean-up; and Eldana Fore, favors.
"Spring Parade" will be the j
theme for the Roble birthday din
ner, to be held tonight in B dining
room for all girls in Roble having
birthdays between February and
July. •
Barbara Carter, general chairman,
has announced that entertainment
will follow the dinner and will con
sist of a spring fashion parade.
Committee chairmen are Barbara
Beddow, invitations; Rosemary Cot
trell, decorations; Martha Schwim
ley, entertainment; Marilyn Smith,
clean-up; and Eldana Fore, favors.
"Spring Parade" will be the j
theme for the Roble birthday din
ner, to be held tonight in B dining
room for all girls in Roble having
birthdays between February and
July. •
Barbara Carter, general chairman,
has announced that entertainment
will follow the dinner and will con
sist of a spring fashion parade.
Committee chairmen are Barbara
Beddow, invitations; Rosemary Cot
trell, decorations; Martha Schwim
ley, entertainment; Marilyn Smith,
clean-up; and Eldana Fore, favors.
"Spring Parade" will be the j
theme for the Roble birthday din
ner, to be held tonight in B dining
room for all girls in Roble having
birthdays between February and
July. •
Barbara Carter, general chairman,
has announced that entertainment
will follow the dinner and will con
sist of a spring fashion parade.
Committee chairmen are Barbara
Beddow, invitations; Rosemary Cot
trell, decorations; Martha Schwim
ley, entertainment; Marilyn Smith,
clean-up; and Eldana Fore, favors.
"Spring Parade" will be the j
theme for the Roble birthday din
ner, to be held tonight in B dining
room for all girls in Roble having
birthdays between February and
July. •
Barbara Carter, general chairman,
has announced that entertainment
will follow the dinner and will con
sist of a spring fashion parade.
Committee chairmen are Barbara
Beddow, invitations; Rosemary Cot
trell, decorations; Martha Schwim
ley, entertainment; Marilyn Smith,
clean-up; and Eldana Fore, favors.
"Spring Parade" will be the j
theme for the Roble birthday din
ner, to be held tonight in B dining
room for all girls in Roble having
birthdays between February and
July. •
Barbara Carter, general chairman,
has announced that entertainment
will follow the dinner and will con
sist of a spring fashion parade.
Committee chairmen are Barbara
Beddow, invitations; Rosemary Cot
trell, decorations; Martha Schwim
ley, entertainment; Marilyn Smith,
clean-up; and Eldana Fore, favors.
