# Untitled Article
## 
### 
— Pennsylvania lias been invited
by the Lawn Tennis Club, of Nice,
France, to play in its annual tour
nament. The invitation cannot be
accepted.
—A course of instruction in the
dialects, customs, and manners of
the Filippinos has been opened at
Johns Hopkins. It is the only
course of the kind in the world. —
Cornell Polly Sun.
— Pennsylvania lias been invited
by the Lawn Tennis Club, of Nice,
France, to play in its annual tour
nament. The invitation cannot be
accepted.
—A course of instruction in the
dialects, customs, and manners of
the Filippinos has been opened at
Johns Hopkins. It is the only
course of the kind in the world. —
Cornell Polly Sun.
— Pennsylvania lias been invited
by the Lawn Tennis Club, of Nice,
France, to play in its annual tour
nament. The invitation cannot be
accepted.
—A course of instruction in the
dialects, customs, and manners of
the Filippinos has been opened at
Johns Hopkins. It is the only
course of the kind in the world. —
Cornell Polly Sun.
— Pennsylvania lias been invited
by the Lawn Tennis Club, of Nice,
France, to play in its annual tour
nament. The invitation cannot be
accepted.
—A course of instruction in the
dialects, customs, and manners of
the Filippinos has been opened at
Johns Hopkins. It is the only
course of the kind in the world. —
Cornell Polly Sun.
— Pennsylvania lias been invited
by the Lawn Tennis Club, of Nice,
France, to play in its annual tour
nament. The invitation cannot be
accepted.
—A course of instruction in the
dialects, customs, and manners of
the Filippinos has been opened at
Johns Hopkins. It is the only
course of the kind in the world. —
Cornell Polly Sun.
— Pennsylvania lias been invited
by the Lawn Tennis Club, of Nice,
France, to play in its annual tour
nament. The invitation cannot be
accepted.
—A course of instruction in the
dialects, customs, and manners of
the Filippinos has been opened at
Johns Hopkins. It is the only
course of the kind in the world. —
Cornell Polly Sun.
— Pennsylvania lias been invited
by the Lawn Tennis Club, of Nice,
France, to play in its annual tour
nament. The invitation cannot be
accepted.
—A course of instruction in the
dialects, customs, and manners of
the Filippinos has been opened at
Johns Hopkins. It is the only
course of the kind in the world. —
Cornell Polly Sun.
