# Tickets on Sale.
## 
### 
Tickets to the reading to be given
by Mrs. Alden in the chapel Sat
urday evening can be obtained for
twenty-five cents at the Bookstore
on the campus or at Jordan's Cash
Store, Palo Alto.
Tickets to the reading to be given
by Mrs. Alden in the chapel Sat
urday evening can be obtained for
twenty-five cents at the Bookstore
on the campus or at Jordan's Cash
Store, Palo Alto.
Tickets to the reading to be given
by Mrs. Alden in the chapel Sat
urday evening can be obtained for
twenty-five cents at the Bookstore
on the campus or at Jordan's Cash
Store, Palo Alto.
Tickets to the reading to be given
by Mrs. Alden in the chapel Sat
urday evening can be obtained for
twenty-five cents at the Bookstore
on the campus or at Jordan's Cash
Store, Palo Alto.
Tickets to the reading to be given
by Mrs. Alden in the chapel Sat
urday evening can be obtained for
twenty-five cents at the Bookstore
on the campus or at Jordan's Cash
Store, Palo Alto.
Tickets to the reading to be given
by Mrs. Alden in the chapel Sat
urday evening can be obtained for
twenty-five cents at the Bookstore
on the campus or at Jordan's Cash
Store, Palo Alto.
Tickets to the reading to be given
by Mrs. Alden in the chapel Sat
urday evening can be obtained for
twenty-five cents at the Bookstore
on the campus or at Jordan's Cash
Store, Palo Alto.
