# ECKENER FLIGHTS CONTINUE
## 
### 
BERLIN, Nov. 7. (/P)— Dr. Hugo
Eckener, commander of the Graf Zep
pelin, tonight announced that the
dirigible would make repeated flights
across the Atlantic as soon as the
difficult problem of procuring neces
sary supplies of fuel gas is solved.

The University of Southern Cali
fornia has received 80 books from
Minister of Foreign Affairs Benes of
Czecho-Slovakia as foundation for a
special Slavic library.
BERLIN, Nov. 7. (/P)— Dr. Hugo
Eckener, commander of the Graf Zep
pelin, tonight announced that the
dirigible would make repeated flights
across the Atlantic as soon as the
difficult problem of procuring neces
sary supplies of fuel gas is solved.

The University of Southern Cali
fornia has received 80 books from
Minister of Foreign Affairs Benes of
Czecho-Slovakia as foundation for a
special Slavic library.
BERLIN, Nov. 7. (/P)— Dr. Hugo
Eckener, commander of the Graf Zep
pelin, tonight announced that the
dirigible would make repeated flights
across the Atlantic as soon as the
difficult problem of procuring neces
sary supplies of fuel gas is solved.

The University of Southern Cali
fornia has received 80 books from
Minister of Foreign Affairs Benes of
Czecho-Slovakia as foundation for a
special Slavic library.
BERLIN, Nov. 7. (/P)— Dr. Hugo
Eckener, commander of the Graf Zep
pelin, tonight announced that the
dirigible would make repeated flights
across the Atlantic as soon as the
difficult problem of procuring neces
sary supplies of fuel gas is solved.

The University of Southern Cali
fornia has received 80 books from
Minister of Foreign Affairs Benes of
Czecho-Slovakia as foundation for a
special Slavic library.
BERLIN, Nov. 7. (/P)— Dr. Hugo
Eckener, commander of the Graf Zep
pelin, tonight announced that the
dirigible would make repeated flights
across the Atlantic as soon as the
difficult problem of procuring neces
sary supplies of fuel gas is solved.

The University of Southern Cali
fornia has received 80 books from
Minister of Foreign Affairs Benes of
Czecho-Slovakia as foundation for a
special Slavic library.
BERLIN, Nov. 7. (/P)— Dr. Hugo
Eckener, commander of the Graf Zep
pelin, tonight announced that the
dirigible would make repeated flights
across the Atlantic as soon as the
difficult problem of procuring neces
sary supplies of fuel gas is solved.

The University of Southern Cali
fornia has received 80 books from
Minister of Foreign Affairs Benes of
Czecho-Slovakia as foundation for a
special Slavic library.
BERLIN, Nov. 7. (/P)— Dr. Hugo
Eckener, commander of the Graf Zep
pelin, tonight announced that the
dirigible would make repeated flights
across the Atlantic as soon as the
difficult problem of procuring neces
sary supplies of fuel gas is solved.

The University of Southern Cali
fornia has received 80 books from
Minister of Foreign Affairs Benes of
Czecho-Slovakia as foundation for a
special Slavic library.
BERLIN, Nov. 7. (/P)— Dr. Hugo
Eckener, commander of the Graf Zep
pelin, tonight announced that the
dirigible would make repeated flights
across the Atlantic as soon as the
difficult problem of procuring neces
sary supplies of fuel gas is solved.

The University of Southern Cali
fornia has received 80 books from
Minister of Foreign Affairs Benes of
Czecho-Slovakia as foundation for a
special Slavic library.
BERLIN, Nov. 7. (/P)— Dr. Hugo
Eckener, commander of the Graf Zep
pelin, tonight announced that the
dirigible would make repeated flights
across the Atlantic as soon as the
difficult problem of procuring neces
sary supplies of fuel gas is solved.

The University of Southern Cali
fornia has received 80 books from
Minister of Foreign Affairs Benes of
Czecho-Slovakia as foundation for a
special Slavic library.
BERLIN, Nov. 7. (/P)— Dr. Hugo
Eckener, commander of the Graf Zep
pelin, tonight announced that the
dirigible would make repeated flights
across the Atlantic as soon as the
difficult problem of procuring neces
sary supplies of fuel gas is solved.

The University of Southern Cali
fornia has received 80 books from
Minister of Foreign Affairs Benes of
Czecho-Slovakia as foundation for a
special Slavic library.
BERLIN, Nov. 7. (/P)— Dr. Hugo
Eckener, commander of the Graf Zep
pelin, tonight announced that the
dirigible would make repeated flights
across the Atlantic as soon as the
difficult problem of procuring neces
sary supplies of fuel gas is solved.

The University of Southern Cali
fornia has received 80 books from
Minister of Foreign Affairs Benes of
Czecho-Slovakia as foundation for a
special Slavic library.
BERLIN, Nov. 7. (/P)— Dr. Hugo
Eckener, commander of the Graf Zep
pelin, tonight announced that the
dirigible would make repeated flights
across the Atlantic as soon as the
difficult problem of procuring neces
sary supplies of fuel gas is solved.

The University of Southern Cali
fornia has received 80 books from
Minister of Foreign Affairs Benes of
Czecho-Slovakia as foundation for a
special Slavic library.
BERLIN, Nov. 7. (/P)— Dr. Hugo
Eckener, commander of the Graf Zep
pelin, tonight announced that the
dirigible would make repeated flights
across the Atlantic as soon as the
difficult problem of procuring neces
sary supplies of fuel gas is solved.

The University of Southern Cali
fornia has received 80 books from
Minister of Foreign Affairs Benes of
Czecho-Slovakia as foundation for a
special Slavic library.
BERLIN, Nov. 7. (/P)— Dr. Hugo
Eckener, commander of the Graf Zep
pelin, tonight announced that the
dirigible would make repeated flights
across the Atlantic as soon as the
difficult problem of procuring neces
sary supplies of fuel gas is solved.

The University of Southern Cali
fornia has received 80 books from
Minister of Foreign Affairs Benes of
Czecho-Slovakia as foundation for a
special Slavic library.
BERLIN, Nov. 7. (/P)— Dr. Hugo
Eckener, commander of the Graf Zep
pelin, tonight announced that the
dirigible would make repeated flights
across the Atlantic as soon as the
difficult problem of procuring neces
sary supplies of fuel gas is solved.

The University of Southern Cali
fornia has received 80 books from
Minister of Foreign Affairs Benes of
Czecho-Slovakia as foundation for a
special Slavic library.
BERLIN, Nov. 7. (/P)— Dr. Hugo
Eckener, commander of the Graf Zep
pelin, tonight announced that the
dirigible would make repeated flights
across the Atlantic as soon as the
difficult problem of procuring neces
sary supplies of fuel gas is solved.

The University of Southern Cali
fornia has received 80 books from
Minister of Foreign Affairs Benes of
Czecho-Slovakia as foundation for a
special Slavic library.
