# MORE FROSH NEEDED TO WORK ON BONFIRE
## 
### 
Seventy-five freshmen are needed
each afternoon beginning today and
continuing for the eleven remaining
working days to work constructing
the Big Game bonfire if the pyre is
to be finished in scheduled time, ac
cording to Dick Broderick, chairman
of the freshman bonfire committee.
Several carloads of material have
been arriving by rail each day from
outlying districts. Trucks from the
military department have been trans
porting fuel obtained from local
sources.
Seventy-five freshmen are needed
each afternoon beginning today and
continuing for the eleven remaining
working days to work constructing
the Big Game bonfire if the pyre is
to be finished in scheduled time, ac
cording to Dick Broderick, chairman
of the freshman bonfire committee.
Several carloads of material have
been arriving by rail each day from
outlying districts. Trucks from the
military department have been trans
porting fuel obtained from local
sources.
Seventy-five freshmen are needed
each afternoon beginning today and
continuing for the eleven remaining
working days to work constructing
the Big Game bonfire if the pyre is
to be finished in scheduled time, ac
cording to Dick Broderick, chairman
of the freshman bonfire committee.
Several carloads of material have
been arriving by rail each day from
outlying districts. Trucks from the
military department have been trans
porting fuel obtained from local
sources.
Seventy-five freshmen are needed
each afternoon beginning today and
continuing for the eleven remaining
working days to work constructing
the Big Game bonfire if the pyre is
to be finished in scheduled time, ac
cording to Dick Broderick, chairman
of the freshman bonfire committee.
Several carloads of material have
been arriving by rail each day from
outlying districts. Trucks from the
military department have been trans
porting fuel obtained from local
sources.
Seventy-five freshmen are needed
each afternoon beginning today and
continuing for the eleven remaining
working days to work constructing
the Big Game bonfire if the pyre is
to be finished in scheduled time, ac
cording to Dick Broderick, chairman
of the freshman bonfire committee.
Several carloads of material have
been arriving by rail each day from
outlying districts. Trucks from the
military department have been trans
porting fuel obtained from local
sources.
Seventy-five freshmen are needed
each afternoon beginning today and
continuing for the eleven remaining
working days to work constructing
the Big Game bonfire if the pyre is
to be finished in scheduled time, ac
cording to Dick Broderick, chairman
of the freshman bonfire committee.
Several carloads of material have
been arriving by rail each day from
outlying districts. Trucks from the
military department have been trans
porting fuel obtained from local
sources.
Seventy-five freshmen are needed
each afternoon beginning today and
continuing for the eleven remaining
working days to work constructing
the Big Game bonfire if the pyre is
to be finished in scheduled time, ac
cording to Dick Broderick, chairman
of the freshman bonfire committee.
Several carloads of material have
been arriving by rail each day from
outlying districts. Trucks from the
military department have been trans
porting fuel obtained from local
sources.
Seventy-five freshmen are needed
each afternoon beginning today and
continuing for the eleven remaining
working days to work constructing
the Big Game bonfire if the pyre is
to be finished in scheduled time, ac
cording to Dick Broderick, chairman
of the freshman bonfire committee.
Several carloads of material have
been arriving by rail each day from
outlying districts. Trucks from the
military department have been trans
porting fuel obtained from local
sources.
Seventy-five freshmen are needed
each afternoon beginning today and
continuing for the eleven remaining
working days to work constructing
the Big Game bonfire if the pyre is
to be finished in scheduled time, ac
cording to Dick Broderick, chairman
of the freshman bonfire committee.
Several carloads of material have
been arriving by rail each day from
outlying districts. Trucks from the
military department have been trans
porting fuel obtained from local
sources.
Seventy-five freshmen are needed
each afternoon beginning today and
continuing for the eleven remaining
working days to work constructing
the Big Game bonfire if the pyre is
to be finished in scheduled time, ac
cording to Dick Broderick, chairman
of the freshman bonfire committee.
Several carloads of material have
been arriving by rail each day from
outlying districts. Trucks from the
military department have been trans
porting fuel obtained from local
sources.
Seventy-five freshmen are needed
each afternoon beginning today and
continuing for the eleven remaining
working days to work constructing
the Big Game bonfire if the pyre is
to be finished in scheduled time, ac
cording to Dick Broderick, chairman
of the freshman bonfire committee.
Several carloads of material have
been arriving by rail each day from
outlying districts. Trucks from the
military department have been trans
porting fuel obtained from local
sources.
Seventy-five freshmen are needed
each afternoon beginning today and
continuing for the eleven remaining
working days to work constructing
the Big Game bonfire if the pyre is
to be finished in scheduled time, ac
cording to Dick Broderick, chairman
of the freshman bonfire committee.
Several carloads of material have
been arriving by rail each day from
outlying districts. Trucks from the
military department have been trans
porting fuel obtained from local
sources.
Seventy-five freshmen are needed
each afternoon beginning today and
continuing for the eleven remaining
working days to work constructing
the Big Game bonfire if the pyre is
to be finished in scheduled time, ac
cording to Dick Broderick, chairman
of the freshman bonfire committee.
Several carloads of material have
been arriving by rail each day from
outlying districts. Trucks from the
military department have been trans
porting fuel obtained from local
sources.
Seventy-five freshmen are needed
each afternoon beginning today and
continuing for the eleven remaining
working days to work constructing
the Big Game bonfire if the pyre is
to be finished in scheduled time, ac
cording to Dick Broderick, chairman
of the freshman bonfire committee.
Several carloads of material have
been arriving by rail each day from
outlying districts. Trucks from the
military department have been trans
porting fuel obtained from local
sources.
Seventy-five freshmen are needed
each afternoon beginning today and
continuing for the eleven remaining
working days to work constructing
the Big Game bonfire if the pyre is
to be finished in scheduled time, ac
cording to Dick Broderick, chairman
of the freshman bonfire committee.
Several carloads of material have
been arriving by rail each day from
outlying districts. Trucks from the
military department have been trans
porting fuel obtained from local
sources.
Seventy-five freshmen are needed
each afternoon beginning today and
continuing for the eleven remaining
working days to work constructing
the Big Game bonfire if the pyre is
to be finished in scheduled time, ac
cording to Dick Broderick, chairman
of the freshman bonfire committee.
Several carloads of material have
been arriving by rail each day from
outlying districts. Trucks from the
military department have been trans
porting fuel obtained from local
sources.
