# Washington Court Bans Broadcast Tax
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, March 30 —
Provisions of the Washington state
law of 1933 imposing an occupation
tax on radio broadcasting were held
unconstitutional today by the Su
preme Court.
The litigation involved conflicting
claims as to whether the state or
federal government had jurisdic
tion. In a unanimous opinion deliv
ered by Justice Stone, the tribunal
revised the ruling of the Washing
ton Supreme Court approving the
levy.
WASHINGTON, March 30 —
Provisions of the Washington state
law of 1933 imposing an occupation
tax on radio broadcasting were held
unconstitutional today by the Su
preme Court.
The litigation involved conflicting
claims as to whether the state or
federal government had jurisdic
tion. In a unanimous opinion deliv
ered by Justice Stone, the tribunal
revised the ruling of the Washing
ton Supreme Court approving the
levy.
WASHINGTON, March 30 —
Provisions of the Washington state
law of 1933 imposing an occupation
tax on radio broadcasting were held
unconstitutional today by the Su
preme Court.
The litigation involved conflicting
claims as to whether the state or
federal government had jurisdic
tion. In a unanimous opinion deliv
ered by Justice Stone, the tribunal
revised the ruling of the Washing
ton Supreme Court approving the
levy.
WASHINGTON, March 30 —
Provisions of the Washington state
law of 1933 imposing an occupation
tax on radio broadcasting were held
unconstitutional today by the Su
preme Court.
The litigation involved conflicting
claims as to whether the state or
federal government had jurisdic
tion. In a unanimous opinion deliv
ered by Justice Stone, the tribunal
revised the ruling of the Washing
ton Supreme Court approving the
levy.
WASHINGTON, March 30 —
Provisions of the Washington state
law of 1933 imposing an occupation
tax on radio broadcasting were held
unconstitutional today by the Su
preme Court.
The litigation involved conflicting
claims as to whether the state or
federal government had jurisdic
tion. In a unanimous opinion deliv
ered by Justice Stone, the tribunal
revised the ruling of the Washing
ton Supreme Court approving the
levy.
WASHINGTON, March 30 —
Provisions of the Washington state
law of 1933 imposing an occupation
tax on radio broadcasting were held
unconstitutional today by the Su
preme Court.
The litigation involved conflicting
claims as to whether the state or
federal government had jurisdic
tion. In a unanimous opinion deliv
ered by Justice Stone, the tribunal
revised the ruling of the Washing
ton Supreme Court approving the
levy.
WASHINGTON, March 30 —
Provisions of the Washington state
law of 1933 imposing an occupation
tax on radio broadcasting were held
unconstitutional today by the Su
preme Court.
The litigation involved conflicting
claims as to whether the state or
federal government had jurisdic
tion. In a unanimous opinion deliv
ered by Justice Stone, the tribunal
revised the ruling of the Washing
ton Supreme Court approving the
levy.
WASHINGTON, March 30 —
Provisions of the Washington state
law of 1933 imposing an occupation
tax on radio broadcasting were held
unconstitutional today by the Su
preme Court.
The litigation involved conflicting
claims as to whether the state or
federal government had jurisdic
tion. In a unanimous opinion deliv
ered by Justice Stone, the tribunal
revised the ruling of the Washing
ton Supreme Court approving the
levy.
WASHINGTON, March 30 —
Provisions of the Washington state
law of 1933 imposing an occupation
tax on radio broadcasting were held
unconstitutional today by the Su
preme Court.
The litigation involved conflicting
claims as to whether the state or
federal government had jurisdic
tion. In a unanimous opinion deliv
ered by Justice Stone, the tribunal
revised the ruling of the Washing
ton Supreme Court approving the
levy.
WASHINGTON, March 30 —
Provisions of the Washington state
law of 1933 imposing an occupation
tax on radio broadcasting were held
unconstitutional today by the Su
preme Court.
The litigation involved conflicting
claims as to whether the state or
federal government had jurisdic
tion. In a unanimous opinion deliv
ered by Justice Stone, the tribunal
revised the ruling of the Washing
ton Supreme Court approving the
levy.
WASHINGTON, March 30 —
Provisions of the Washington state
law of 1933 imposing an occupation
tax on radio broadcasting were held
unconstitutional today by the Su
preme Court.
The litigation involved conflicting
claims as to whether the state or
federal government had jurisdic
tion. In a unanimous opinion deliv
ered by Justice Stone, the tribunal
revised the ruling of the Washing
ton Supreme Court approving the
levy.
WASHINGTON, March 30 —
Provisions of the Washington state
law of 1933 imposing an occupation
tax on radio broadcasting were held
unconstitutional today by the Su
preme Court.
The litigation involved conflicting
claims as to whether the state or
federal government had jurisdic
tion. In a unanimous opinion deliv
ered by Justice Stone, the tribunal
revised the ruling of the Washing
ton Supreme Court approving the
levy.
WASHINGTON, March 30 —
Provisions of the Washington state
law of 1933 imposing an occupation
tax on radio broadcasting were held
unconstitutional today by the Su
preme Court.
The litigation involved conflicting
claims as to whether the state or
federal government had jurisdic
tion. In a unanimous opinion deliv
ered by Justice Stone, the tribunal
revised the ruling of the Washing
ton Supreme Court approving the
levy.
WASHINGTON, March 30 —
Provisions of the Washington state
law of 1933 imposing an occupation
tax on radio broadcasting were held
unconstitutional today by the Su
preme Court.
The litigation involved conflicting
claims as to whether the state or
federal government had jurisdic
tion. In a unanimous opinion deliv
ered by Justice Stone, the tribunal
revised the ruling of the Washing
ton Supreme Court approving the
levy.
WASHINGTON, March 30 —
Provisions of the Washington state
law of 1933 imposing an occupation
tax on radio broadcasting were held
unconstitutional today by the Su
preme Court.
The litigation involved conflicting
claims as to whether the state or
federal government had jurisdic
tion. In a unanimous opinion deliv
ered by Justice Stone, the tribunal
revised the ruling of the Washing
ton Supreme Court approving the
levy.
WASHINGTON, March 30 —
Provisions of the Washington state
law of 1933 imposing an occupation
tax on radio broadcasting were held
unconstitutional today by the Su
preme Court.
The litigation involved conflicting
claims as to whether the state or
federal government had jurisdic
tion. In a unanimous opinion deliv
ered by Justice Stone, the tribunal
revised the ruling of the Washing
ton Supreme Court approving the
levy.
