# Minnesota Gets '37 National Sports Meet
## 
### 
NEW HAVEN, Conn., March 30
(/!').—The University of Minnesota
today was awarded the National
Collegiate Athletic Association's
championship tournament in 1937.
Michigan finished first in the un
oflicial team standings this year,
piling up 30 points
NEW HAVEN, Conn., March 30
(/!').—The University of Minnesota
today was awarded the National
Collegiate Athletic Association's
championship tournament in 1937.
Michigan finished first in the un
oflicial team standings this year,
piling up 30 points
NEW HAVEN, Conn., March 30
(/!').—The University of Minnesota
today was awarded the National
Collegiate Athletic Association's
championship tournament in 1937.
Michigan finished first in the un
oflicial team standings this year,
piling up 30 points
NEW HAVEN, Conn., March 30
(/!').—The University of Minnesota
today was awarded the National
Collegiate Athletic Association's
championship tournament in 1937.
Michigan finished first in the un
oflicial team standings this year,
piling up 30 points
NEW HAVEN, Conn., March 30
(/!').—The University of Minnesota
today was awarded the National
Collegiate Athletic Association's
championship tournament in 1937.
Michigan finished first in the un
oflicial team standings this year,
piling up 30 points
NEW HAVEN, Conn., March 30
(/!').—The University of Minnesota
today was awarded the National
Collegiate Athletic Association's
championship tournament in 1937.
Michigan finished first in the un
oflicial team standings this year,
piling up 30 points
NEW HAVEN, Conn., March 30
(/!').—The University of Minnesota
today was awarded the National
Collegiate Athletic Association's
championship tournament in 1937.
Michigan finished first in the un
oflicial team standings this year,
piling up 30 points
NEW HAVEN, Conn., March 30
(/!').—The University of Minnesota
today was awarded the National
Collegiate Athletic Association's
championship tournament in 1937.
Michigan finished first in the un
oflicial team standings this year,
piling up 30 points
NEW HAVEN, Conn., March 30
(/!').—The University of Minnesota
today was awarded the National
Collegiate Athletic Association's
championship tournament in 1937.
Michigan finished first in the un
oflicial team standings this year,
piling up 30 points
NEW HAVEN, Conn., March 30
(/!').—The University of Minnesota
today was awarded the National
Collegiate Athletic Association's
championship tournament in 1937.
Michigan finished first in the un
oflicial team standings this year,
piling up 30 points
NEW HAVEN, Conn., March 30
(/!').—The University of Minnesota
today was awarded the National
Collegiate Athletic Association's
championship tournament in 1937.
Michigan finished first in the un
oflicial team standings this year,
piling up 30 points
NEW HAVEN, Conn., March 30
(/!').—The University of Minnesota
today was awarded the National
Collegiate Athletic Association's
championship tournament in 1937.
Michigan finished first in the un
oflicial team standings this year,
piling up 30 points
NEW HAVEN, Conn., March 30
(/!').—The University of Minnesota
today was awarded the National
Collegiate Athletic Association's
championship tournament in 1937.
Michigan finished first in the un
oflicial team standings this year,
piling up 30 points
NEW HAVEN, Conn., March 30
(/!').—The University of Minnesota
today was awarded the National
Collegiate Athletic Association's
championship tournament in 1937.
Michigan finished first in the un
oflicial team standings this year,
piling up 30 points
NEW HAVEN, Conn., March 30
(/!').—The University of Minnesota
today was awarded the National
Collegiate Athletic Association's
championship tournament in 1937.
Michigan finished first in the un
oflicial team standings this year,
piling up 30 points
NEW HAVEN, Conn., March 30
(/!').—The University of Minnesota
today was awarded the National
Collegiate Athletic Association's
championship tournament in 1937.
Michigan finished first in the un
oflicial team standings this year,
piling up 30 points
