# University Officials Convene on Campus
## 
### 
Representatives from 37 western
colleges and universities met on the
Farm March 23 and 24 for the first
annual conference of university
business offices under the direction
of E. S. Srwin, assistant comptroller
of Stanford.
The purpose of the meeting was to
discuss "Standard Financial Reports
of Colleges and Universities."
Representatives from 37 western
colleges and universities met on the
Farm March 23 and 24 for the first
annual conference of university
business offices under the direction
of E. S. Srwin, assistant comptroller
of Stanford.
The purpose of the meeting was to
discuss "Standard Financial Reports
of Colleges and Universities."
Representatives from 37 western
colleges and universities met on the
Farm March 23 and 24 for the first
annual conference of university
business offices under the direction
of E. S. Srwin, assistant comptroller
of Stanford.
The purpose of the meeting was to
discuss "Standard Financial Reports
of Colleges and Universities."
Representatives from 37 western
colleges and universities met on the
Farm March 23 and 24 for the first
annual conference of university
business offices under the direction
of E. S. Srwin, assistant comptroller
of Stanford.
The purpose of the meeting was to
discuss "Standard Financial Reports
of Colleges and Universities."
Representatives from 37 western
colleges and universities met on the
Farm March 23 and 24 for the first
annual conference of university
business offices under the direction
of E. S. Srwin, assistant comptroller
of Stanford.
The purpose of the meeting was to
discuss "Standard Financial Reports
of Colleges and Universities."
Representatives from 37 western
colleges and universities met on the
Farm March 23 and 24 for the first
annual conference of university
business offices under the direction
of E. S. Srwin, assistant comptroller
of Stanford.
The purpose of the meeting was to
discuss "Standard Financial Reports
of Colleges and Universities."
Representatives from 37 western
colleges and universities met on the
Farm March 23 and 24 for the first
annual conference of university
business offices under the direction
of E. S. Srwin, assistant comptroller
of Stanford.
The purpose of the meeting was to
discuss "Standard Financial Reports
of Colleges and Universities."
Representatives from 37 western
colleges and universities met on the
Farm March 23 and 24 for the first
annual conference of university
business offices under the direction
of E. S. Srwin, assistant comptroller
of Stanford.
The purpose of the meeting was to
discuss "Standard Financial Reports
of Colleges and Universities."
Representatives from 37 western
colleges and universities met on the
Farm March 23 and 24 for the first
annual conference of university
business offices under the direction
of E. S. Srwin, assistant comptroller
of Stanford.
The purpose of the meeting was to
discuss "Standard Financial Reports
of Colleges and Universities."
Representatives from 37 western
colleges and universities met on the
Farm March 23 and 24 for the first
annual conference of university
business offices under the direction
of E. S. Srwin, assistant comptroller
of Stanford.
The purpose of the meeting was to
discuss "Standard Financial Reports
of Colleges and Universities."
Representatives from 37 western
colleges and universities met on the
Farm March 23 and 24 for the first
annual conference of university
business offices under the direction
of E. S. Srwin, assistant comptroller
of Stanford.
The purpose of the meeting was to
discuss "Standard Financial Reports
of Colleges and Universities."
Representatives from 37 western
colleges and universities met on the
Farm March 23 and 24 for the first
annual conference of university
business offices under the direction
of E. S. Srwin, assistant comptroller
of Stanford.
The purpose of the meeting was to
discuss "Standard Financial Reports
of Colleges and Universities."
Representatives from 37 western
colleges and universities met on the
Farm March 23 and 24 for the first
annual conference of university
business offices under the direction
of E. S. Srwin, assistant comptroller
of Stanford.
The purpose of the meeting was to
discuss "Standard Financial Reports
of Colleges and Universities."
Representatives from 37 western
colleges and universities met on the
Farm March 23 and 24 for the first
annual conference of university
business offices under the direction
of E. S. Srwin, assistant comptroller
of Stanford.
The purpose of the meeting was to
discuss "Standard Financial Reports
of Colleges and Universities."
Representatives from 37 western
colleges and universities met on the
Farm March 23 and 24 for the first
annual conference of university
business offices under the direction
of E. S. Srwin, assistant comptroller
of Stanford.
The purpose of the meeting was to
discuss "Standard Financial Reports
of Colleges and Universities."
Representatives from 37 western
colleges and universities met on the
Farm March 23 and 24 for the first
annual conference of university
business offices under the direction
of E. S. Srwin, assistant comptroller
of Stanford.
The purpose of the meeting was to
discuss "Standard Financial Reports
of Colleges and Universities."
