# Rugby Men Bow To Two Canadian Teams
## 
### 
Stanford rugby men suffered two
defeats on their vacation trip to
British Columbia. First they bowed
to the University of British Colum
bia fifteen, 21-G. The British Co
lumbians scored 11 points while
Stanford was minus the services of
two men who were out for 25 min
utes of the game with injuries.
Without the services of Bob Mon
davi, fullback, Captain Joe Vigna,
three-quarter, and Jim Mullen, for
ward, the Indians fell next before
the Vancouver Rowing Club, 9-fi.
Stanford rugby men suffered two
defeats on their vacation trip to
British Columbia. First they bowed
to the University of British Colum
bia fifteen, 21-G. The British Co
lumbians scored 11 points while
Stanford was minus the services of
two men who were out for 25 min
utes of the game with injuries.
Without the services of Bob Mon
davi, fullback, Captain Joe Vigna,
three-quarter, and Jim Mullen, for
ward, the Indians fell next before
the Vancouver Rowing Club, 9-fi.
Stanford rugby men suffered two
defeats on their vacation trip to
British Columbia. First they bowed
to the University of British Colum
bia fifteen, 21-G. The British Co
lumbians scored 11 points while
Stanford was minus the services of
two men who were out for 25 min
utes of the game with injuries.
Without the services of Bob Mon
davi, fullback, Captain Joe Vigna,
three-quarter, and Jim Mullen, for
ward, the Indians fell next before
the Vancouver Rowing Club, 9-fi.
Stanford rugby men suffered two
defeats on their vacation trip to
British Columbia. First they bowed
to the University of British Colum
bia fifteen, 21-G. The British Co
lumbians scored 11 points while
Stanford was minus the services of
two men who were out for 25 min
utes of the game with injuries.
Without the services of Bob Mon
davi, fullback, Captain Joe Vigna,
three-quarter, and Jim Mullen, for
ward, the Indians fell next before
the Vancouver Rowing Club, 9-fi.
Stanford rugby men suffered two
defeats on their vacation trip to
British Columbia. First they bowed
to the University of British Colum
bia fifteen, 21-G. The British Co
lumbians scored 11 points while
Stanford was minus the services of
two men who were out for 25 min
utes of the game with injuries.
Without the services of Bob Mon
davi, fullback, Captain Joe Vigna,
three-quarter, and Jim Mullen, for
ward, the Indians fell next before
the Vancouver Rowing Club, 9-fi.
Stanford rugby men suffered two
defeats on their vacation trip to
British Columbia. First they bowed
to the University of British Colum
bia fifteen, 21-G. The British Co
lumbians scored 11 points while
Stanford was minus the services of
two men who were out for 25 min
utes of the game with injuries.
Without the services of Bob Mon
davi, fullback, Captain Joe Vigna,
three-quarter, and Jim Mullen, for
ward, the Indians fell next before
the Vancouver Rowing Club, 9-fi.
Stanford rugby men suffered two
defeats on their vacation trip to
British Columbia. First they bowed
to the University of British Colum
bia fifteen, 21-G. The British Co
lumbians scored 11 points while
Stanford was minus the services of
two men who were out for 25 min
utes of the game with injuries.
Without the services of Bob Mon
davi, fullback, Captain Joe Vigna,
three-quarter, and Jim Mullen, for
ward, the Indians fell next before
the Vancouver Rowing Club, 9-fi.
Stanford rugby men suffered two
defeats on their vacation trip to
British Columbia. First they bowed
to the University of British Colum
bia fifteen, 21-G. The British Co
lumbians scored 11 points while
Stanford was minus the services of
two men who were out for 25 min
utes of the game with injuries.
Without the services of Bob Mon
davi, fullback, Captain Joe Vigna,
three-quarter, and Jim Mullen, for
ward, the Indians fell next before
the Vancouver Rowing Club, 9-fi.
Stanford rugby men suffered two
defeats on their vacation trip to
British Columbia. First they bowed
to the University of British Colum
bia fifteen, 21-G. The British Co
lumbians scored 11 points while
Stanford was minus the services of
two men who were out for 25 min
utes of the game with injuries.
Without the services of Bob Mon
davi, fullback, Captain Joe Vigna,
three-quarter, and Jim Mullen, for
ward, the Indians fell next before
the Vancouver Rowing Club, 9-fi.
Stanford rugby men suffered two
defeats on their vacation trip to
British Columbia. First they bowed
to the University of British Colum
bia fifteen, 21-G. The British Co
lumbians scored 11 points while
Stanford was minus the services of
two men who were out for 25 min
utes of the game with injuries.
Without the services of Bob Mon
davi, fullback, Captain Joe Vigna,
three-quarter, and Jim Mullen, for
ward, the Indians fell next before
the Vancouver Rowing Club, 9-fi.
Stanford rugby men suffered two
defeats on their vacation trip to
British Columbia. First they bowed
to the University of British Colum
bia fifteen, 21-G. The British Co
lumbians scored 11 points while
Stanford was minus the services of
two men who were out for 25 min
utes of the game with injuries.
Without the services of Bob Mon
davi, fullback, Captain Joe Vigna,
three-quarter, and Jim Mullen, for
ward, the Indians fell next before
the Vancouver Rowing Club, 9-fi.
Stanford rugby men suffered two
defeats on their vacation trip to
British Columbia. First they bowed
to the University of British Colum
bia fifteen, 21-G. The British Co
lumbians scored 11 points while
Stanford was minus the services of
two men who were out for 25 min
utes of the game with injuries.
Without the services of Bob Mon
davi, fullback, Captain Joe Vigna,
three-quarter, and Jim Mullen, for
ward, the Indians fell next before
the Vancouver Rowing Club, 9-fi.
Stanford rugby men suffered two
defeats on their vacation trip to
British Columbia. First they bowed
to the University of British Colum
bia fifteen, 21-G. The British Co
lumbians scored 11 points while
Stanford was minus the services of
two men who were out for 25 min
utes of the game with injuries.
Without the services of Bob Mon
davi, fullback, Captain Joe Vigna,
three-quarter, and Jim Mullen, for
ward, the Indians fell next before
the Vancouver Rowing Club, 9-fi.
Stanford rugby men suffered two
defeats on their vacation trip to
British Columbia. First they bowed
to the University of British Colum
bia fifteen, 21-G. The British Co
lumbians scored 11 points while
Stanford was minus the services of
two men who were out for 25 min
utes of the game with injuries.
Without the services of Bob Mon
davi, fullback, Captain Joe Vigna,
three-quarter, and Jim Mullen, for
ward, the Indians fell next before
the Vancouver Rowing Club, 9-fi.
Stanford rugby men suffered two
defeats on their vacation trip to
British Columbia. First they bowed
to the University of British Colum
bia fifteen, 21-G. The British Co
lumbians scored 11 points while
Stanford was minus the services of
two men who were out for 25 min
utes of the game with injuries.
Without the services of Bob Mon
davi, fullback, Captain Joe Vigna,
three-quarter, and Jim Mullen, for
ward, the Indians fell next before
the Vancouver Rowing Club, 9-fi.
Stanford rugby men suffered two
defeats on their vacation trip to
British Columbia. First they bowed
to the University of British Colum
bia fifteen, 21-G. The British Co
lumbians scored 11 points while
Stanford was minus the services of
two men who were out for 25 min
utes of the game with injuries.
Without the services of Bob Mon
davi, fullback, Captain Joe Vigna,
three-quarter, and Jim Mullen, for
ward, the Indians fell next before
the Vancouver Rowing Club, 9-fi.
