# Chaplain, and Engineers' Head To Be Emeritus After Spring Quarter
## 
### 
Eight faculty members enter their
last quarter of active service this
spring, and will retire in June.
Heading the list is Dr. D. Charles
Gardner, Stanford's chaplain for 34
years. Dr. Gardner, English by
birth, graduated in 1897 from the
Church Divinity School of the Pa
cific. Two years later he became the
University chaplain, and in addition
to these duties, he has taught classes
in Biblical history and literature,
and has served as counselor to gen
erations of students.
Theodore Jesse Hoover, dean of
the school of engineering, will also
end his teaching career in June. A
Stanford graduate, he was named
professor of mining in 1919 after 18
years' management of commercial
mining ventures. Since 1925 Dr.
Hoover has been dean of the school
of engineering.
Other professors who will be re
tired at the end of spring quarter
are: Professor James McMurph.y, of
the biology department; Professor
Henry W. Stuart, philosophy; Dr.
Guido Marx, professor of machine
design; Professor R. W. Doane, of
the biology department; Dr. Ida
Sfcauf, assistant professor of Ro
manic languages; and Dr. A. E. Tay
lor, of ihe Food Research Institute.
Eight faculty members enter their
last quarter of active service this
spring, and will retire in June.
Heading the list is Dr. D. Charles
Gardner, Stanford's chaplain for 34
years. Dr. Gardner, English by
birth, graduated in 1897 from the
Church Divinity School of the Pa
cific. Two years later he became the
University chaplain, and in addition
to these duties, he has taught classes
in Biblical history and literature,
and has served as counselor to gen
erations of students.
Theodore Jesse Hoover, dean of
the school of engineering, will also
end his teaching career in June. A
Stanford graduate, he was named
professor of mining in 1919 after 18
years' management of commercial
mining ventures. Since 1925 Dr.
Hoover has been dean of the school
of engineering.
Other professors who will be re
tired at the end of spring quarter
are: Professor James McMurph.y, of
the biology department; Professor
Henry W. Stuart, philosophy; Dr.
Guido Marx, professor of machine
design; Professor R. W. Doane, of
the biology department; Dr. Ida
Sfcauf, assistant professor of Ro
manic languages; and Dr. A. E. Tay
lor, of ihe Food Research Institute.
Eight faculty members enter their
last quarter of active service this
spring, and will retire in June.
Heading the list is Dr. D. Charles
Gardner, Stanford's chaplain for 34
years. Dr. Gardner, English by
birth, graduated in 1897 from the
Church Divinity School of the Pa
cific. Two years later he became the
University chaplain, and in addition
to these duties, he has taught classes
in Biblical history and literature,
and has served as counselor to gen
erations of students.
Theodore Jesse Hoover, dean of
the school of engineering, will also
end his teaching career in June. A
Stanford graduate, he was named
professor of mining in 1919 after 18
years' management of commercial
mining ventures. Since 1925 Dr.
Hoover has been dean of the school
of engineering.
Other professors who will be re
tired at the end of spring quarter
are: Professor James McMurph.y, of
the biology department; Professor
Henry W. Stuart, philosophy; Dr.
Guido Marx, professor of machine
design; Professor R. W. Doane, of
the biology department; Dr. Ida
Sfcauf, assistant professor of Ro
manic languages; and Dr. A. E. Tay
lor, of ihe Food Research Institute.
Eight faculty members enter their
last quarter of active service this
spring, and will retire in June.
Heading the list is Dr. D. Charles
Gardner, Stanford's chaplain for 34
years. Dr. Gardner, English by
birth, graduated in 1897 from the
Church Divinity School of the Pa
cific. Two years later he became the
University chaplain, and in addition
to these duties, he has taught classes
in Biblical history and literature,
and has served as counselor to gen
erations of students.
Theodore Jesse Hoover, dean of
the school of engineering, will also
end his teaching career in June. A
Stanford graduate, he was named
professor of mining in 1919 after 18
years' management of commercial
mining ventures. Since 1925 Dr.
Hoover has been dean of the school
of engineering.
Other professors who will be re
tired at the end of spring quarter
are: Professor James McMurph.y, of
the biology department; Professor
Henry W. Stuart, philosophy; Dr.
Guido Marx, professor of machine
design; Professor R. W. Doane, of
the biology department; Dr. Ida
Sfcauf, assistant professor of Ro
manic languages; and Dr. A. E. Tay
lor, of ihe Food Research Institute.
Eight faculty members enter their
last quarter of active service this
spring, and will retire in June.
Heading the list is Dr. D. Charles
Gardner, Stanford's chaplain for 34
years. Dr. Gardner, English by
birth, graduated in 1897 from the
Church Divinity School of the Pa
cific. Two years later he became the
University chaplain, and in addition
to these duties, he has taught classes
in Biblical history and literature,
and has served as counselor to gen
erations of students.
Theodore Jesse Hoover, dean of
the school of engineering, will also
end his teaching career in June. A
Stanford graduate, he was named
professor of mining in 1919 after 18
years' management of commercial
mining ventures. Since 1925 Dr.
Hoover has been dean of the school
of engineering.
Other professors who will be re
tired at the end of spring quarter
are: Professor James McMurph.y, of
the biology department; Professor
Henry W. Stuart, philosophy; Dr.
Guido Marx, professor of machine
design; Professor R. W. Doane, of
the biology department; Dr. Ida
Sfcauf, assistant professor of Ro
manic languages; and Dr. A. E. Tay
lor, of ihe Food Research Institute.
Eight faculty members enter their
last quarter of active service this
spring, and will retire in June.
Heading the list is Dr. D. Charles
Gardner, Stanford's chaplain for 34
years. Dr. Gardner, English by
birth, graduated in 1897 from the
Church Divinity School of the Pa
cific. Two years later he became the
University chaplain, and in addition
to these duties, he has taught classes
in Biblical history and literature,
and has served as counselor to gen
erations of students.
Theodore Jesse Hoover, dean of
the school of engineering, will also
end his teaching career in June. A
Stanford graduate, he was named
professor of mining in 1919 after 18
years' management of commercial
mining ventures. Since 1925 Dr.
Hoover has been dean of the school
of engineering.
Other professors who will be re
tired at the end of spring quarter
are: Professor James McMurph.y, of
the biology department; Professor
Henry W. Stuart, philosophy; Dr.
Guido Marx, professor of machine
design; Professor R. W. Doane, of
the biology department; Dr. Ida
Sfcauf, assistant professor of Ro
manic languages; and Dr. A. E. Tay
lor, of ihe Food Research Institute.
Eight faculty members enter their
last quarter of active service this
spring, and will retire in June.
Heading the list is Dr. D. Charles
Gardner, Stanford's chaplain for 34
years. Dr. Gardner, English by
birth, graduated in 1897 from the
Church Divinity School of the Pa
cific. Two years later he became the
University chaplain, and in addition
to these duties, he has taught classes
in Biblical history and literature,
and has served as counselor to gen
erations of students.
Theodore Jesse Hoover, dean of
the school of engineering, will also
end his teaching career in June. A
Stanford graduate, he was named
professor of mining in 1919 after 18
years' management of commercial
mining ventures. Since 1925 Dr.
Hoover has been dean of the school
of engineering.
Other professors who will be re
tired at the end of spring quarter
are: Professor James McMurph.y, of
the biology department; Professor
Henry W. Stuart, philosophy; Dr.
Guido Marx, professor of machine
design; Professor R. W. Doane, of
the biology department; Dr. Ida
Sfcauf, assistant professor of Ro
manic languages; and Dr. A. E. Tay
lor, of ihe Food Research Institute.
Eight faculty members enter their
last quarter of active service this
spring, and will retire in June.
Heading the list is Dr. D. Charles
Gardner, Stanford's chaplain for 34
years. Dr. Gardner, English by
birth, graduated in 1897 from the
Church Divinity School of the Pa
cific. Two years later he became the
University chaplain, and in addition
to these duties, he has taught classes
in Biblical history and literature,
and has served as counselor to gen
erations of students.
Theodore Jesse Hoover, dean of
the school of engineering, will also
end his teaching career in June. A
Stanford graduate, he was named
professor of mining in 1919 after 18
years' management of commercial
mining ventures. Since 1925 Dr.
Hoover has been dean of the school
of engineering.
Other professors who will be re
tired at the end of spring quarter
are: Professor James McMurph.y, of
the biology department; Professor
Henry W. Stuart, philosophy; Dr.
Guido Marx, professor of machine
design; Professor R. W. Doane, of
the biology department; Dr. Ida
Sfcauf, assistant professor of Ro
manic languages; and Dr. A. E. Tay
lor, of ihe Food Research Institute.
Eight faculty members enter their
last quarter of active service this
spring, and will retire in June.
Heading the list is Dr. D. Charles
Gardner, Stanford's chaplain for 34
years. Dr. Gardner, English by
birth, graduated in 1897 from the
Church Divinity School of the Pa
cific. Two years later he became the
University chaplain, and in addition
to these duties, he has taught classes
in Biblical history and literature,
and has served as counselor to gen
erations of students.
Theodore Jesse Hoover, dean of
the school of engineering, will also
end his teaching career in June. A
Stanford graduate, he was named
professor of mining in 1919 after 18
years' management of commercial
mining ventures. Since 1925 Dr.
Hoover has been dean of the school
of engineering.
Other professors who will be re
tired at the end of spring quarter
are: Professor James McMurph.y, of
the biology department; Professor
Henry W. Stuart, philosophy; Dr.
Guido Marx, professor of machine
design; Professor R. W. Doane, of
the biology department; Dr. Ida
Sfcauf, assistant professor of Ro
manic languages; and Dr. A. E. Tay
lor, of ihe Food Research Institute.
Eight faculty members enter their
last quarter of active service this
spring, and will retire in June.
Heading the list is Dr. D. Charles
Gardner, Stanford's chaplain for 34
years. Dr. Gardner, English by
birth, graduated in 1897 from the
Church Divinity School of the Pa
cific. Two years later he became the
University chaplain, and in addition
to these duties, he has taught classes
in Biblical history and literature,
and has served as counselor to gen
erations of students.
Theodore Jesse Hoover, dean of
the school of engineering, will also
end his teaching career in June. A
Stanford graduate, he was named
professor of mining in 1919 after 18
years' management of commercial
mining ventures. Since 1925 Dr.
Hoover has been dean of the school
of engineering.
Other professors who will be re
tired at the end of spring quarter
are: Professor James McMurph.y, of
the biology department; Professor
Henry W. Stuart, philosophy; Dr.
Guido Marx, professor of machine
design; Professor R. W. Doane, of
the biology department; Dr. Ida
Sfcauf, assistant professor of Ro
manic languages; and Dr. A. E. Tay
lor, of ihe Food Research Institute.
Eight faculty members enter their
last quarter of active service this
spring, and will retire in June.
Heading the list is Dr. D. Charles
Gardner, Stanford's chaplain for 34
years. Dr. Gardner, English by
birth, graduated in 1897 from the
Church Divinity School of the Pa
cific. Two years later he became the
University chaplain, and in addition
to these duties, he has taught classes
in Biblical history and literature,
and has served as counselor to gen
erations of students.
Theodore Jesse Hoover, dean of
the school of engineering, will also
end his teaching career in June. A
Stanford graduate, he was named
professor of mining in 1919 after 18
years' management of commercial
mining ventures. Since 1925 Dr.
Hoover has been dean of the school
of engineering.
Other professors who will be re
tired at the end of spring quarter
are: Professor James McMurph.y, of
the biology department; Professor
Henry W. Stuart, philosophy; Dr.
Guido Marx, professor of machine
design; Professor R. W. Doane, of
the biology department; Dr. Ida
Sfcauf, assistant professor of Ro
manic languages; and Dr. A. E. Tay
lor, of ihe Food Research Institute.
Eight faculty members enter their
last quarter of active service this
spring, and will retire in June.
Heading the list is Dr. D. Charles
Gardner, Stanford's chaplain for 34
years. Dr. Gardner, English by
birth, graduated in 1897 from the
Church Divinity School of the Pa
cific. Two years later he became the
University chaplain, and in addition
to these duties, he has taught classes
in Biblical history and literature,
and has served as counselor to gen
erations of students.
Theodore Jesse Hoover, dean of
the school of engineering, will also
end his teaching career in June. A
Stanford graduate, he was named
professor of mining in 1919 after 18
years' management of commercial
mining ventures. Since 1925 Dr.
Hoover has been dean of the school
of engineering.
Other professors who will be re
tired at the end of spring quarter
are: Professor James McMurph.y, of
the biology department; Professor
Henry W. Stuart, philosophy; Dr.
Guido Marx, professor of machine
design; Professor R. W. Doane, of
the biology department; Dr. Ida
Sfcauf, assistant professor of Ro
manic languages; and Dr. A. E. Tay
lor, of ihe Food Research Institute.
Eight faculty members enter their
last quarter of active service this
spring, and will retire in June.
Heading the list is Dr. D. Charles
Gardner, Stanford's chaplain for 34
years. Dr. Gardner, English by
birth, graduated in 1897 from the
Church Divinity School of the Pa
cific. Two years later he became the
University chaplain, and in addition
to these duties, he has taught classes
in Biblical history and literature,
and has served as counselor to gen
erations of students.
Theodore Jesse Hoover, dean of
the school of engineering, will also
end his teaching career in June. A
Stanford graduate, he was named
professor of mining in 1919 after 18
years' management of commercial
mining ventures. Since 1925 Dr.
Hoover has been dean of the school
of engineering.
Other professors who will be re
tired at the end of spring quarter
are: Professor James McMurph.y, of
the biology department; Professor
Henry W. Stuart, philosophy; Dr.
Guido Marx, professor of machine
design; Professor R. W. Doane, of
the biology department; Dr. Ida
Sfcauf, assistant professor of Ro
manic languages; and Dr. A. E. Tay
lor, of ihe Food Research Institute.
Eight faculty members enter their
last quarter of active service this
spring, and will retire in June.
Heading the list is Dr. D. Charles
Gardner, Stanford's chaplain for 34
years. Dr. Gardner, English by
birth, graduated in 1897 from the
Church Divinity School of the Pa
cific. Two years later he became the
University chaplain, and in addition
to these duties, he has taught classes
in Biblical history and literature,
and has served as counselor to gen
erations of students.
Theodore Jesse Hoover, dean of
the school of engineering, will also
end his teaching career in June. A
Stanford graduate, he was named
professor of mining in 1919 after 18
years' management of commercial
mining ventures. Since 1925 Dr.
Hoover has been dean of the school
of engineering.
Other professors who will be re
tired at the end of spring quarter
are: Professor James McMurph.y, of
the biology department; Professor
Henry W. Stuart, philosophy; Dr.
Guido Marx, professor of machine
design; Professor R. W. Doane, of
the biology department; Dr. Ida
Sfcauf, assistant professor of Ro
manic languages; and Dr. A. E. Tay
lor, of ihe Food Research Institute.
Eight faculty members enter their
last quarter of active service this
spring, and will retire in June.
Heading the list is Dr. D. Charles
Gardner, Stanford's chaplain for 34
years. Dr. Gardner, English by
birth, graduated in 1897 from the
Church Divinity School of the Pa
cific. Two years later he became the
University chaplain, and in addition
to these duties, he has taught classes
in Biblical history and literature,
and has served as counselor to gen
erations of students.
Theodore Jesse Hoover, dean of
the school of engineering, will also
end his teaching career in June. A
Stanford graduate, he was named
professor of mining in 1919 after 18
years' management of commercial
mining ventures. Since 1925 Dr.
Hoover has been dean of the school
of engineering.
Other professors who will be re
tired at the end of spring quarter
are: Professor James McMurph.y, of
the biology department; Professor
Henry W. Stuart, philosophy; Dr.
Guido Marx, professor of machine
design; Professor R. W. Doane, of
the biology department; Dr. Ida
Sfcauf, assistant professor of Ro
manic languages; and Dr. A. E. Tay
lor, of ihe Food Research Institute.
Eight faculty members enter their
last quarter of active service this
spring, and will retire in June.
Heading the list is Dr. D. Charles
Gardner, Stanford's chaplain for 34
years. Dr. Gardner, English by
birth, graduated in 1897 from the
Church Divinity School of the Pa
cific. Two years later he became the
University chaplain, and in addition
to these duties, he has taught classes
in Biblical history and literature,
and has served as counselor to gen
erations of students.
Theodore Jesse Hoover, dean of
the school of engineering, will also
end his teaching career in June. A
Stanford graduate, he was named
professor of mining in 1919 after 18
years' management of commercial
mining ventures. Since 1925 Dr.
Hoover has been dean of the school
of engineering.
Other professors who will be re
tired at the end of spring quarter
are: Professor James McMurph.y, of
the biology department; Professor
Henry W. Stuart, philosophy; Dr.
Guido Marx, professor of machine
design; Professor R. W. Doane, of
the biology department; Dr. Ida
Sfcauf, assistant professor of Ro
manic languages; and Dr. A. E. Tay
lor, of ihe Food Research Institute.
