# New Angell Field Ready for Trackmen
## 
### 

NO LONGER will Angell Field he a jinx to Indian track and field
performers, for it has been completely renovated by the Board of
Athletic Control at a cost of nearly $25,000. The new track will he
used for training and practice meets. Insets are, left to right: Sam

McDonald who, supervised the reconstruction; Coach Dink Teni
pleton; Jim Reynolds, star shot-putter; Humbert Smith, ace high
jumper; and Sam Klopstock, veteran hurdler.

NO LONGER will Angell Field he a jinx to Indian track and field
performers, for it has been completely renovated by the Board of
Athletic Control at a cost of nearly $25,000. The new track will he
used for training and practice meets. Insets are, left to right: Sam

McDonald who, supervised the reconstruction; Coach Dink Teni
pleton; Jim Reynolds, star shot-putter; Humbert Smith, ace high
jumper; and Sam Klopstock, veteran hurdler.

NO LONGER will Angell Field he a jinx to Indian track and field
performers, for it has been completely renovated by the Board of
Athletic Control at a cost of nearly $25,000. The new track will he
used for training and practice meets. Insets are, left to right: Sam

McDonald who, supervised the reconstruction; Coach Dink Teni
pleton; Jim Reynolds, star shot-putter; Humbert Smith, ace high
jumper; and Sam Klopstock, veteran hurdler.

NO LONGER will Angell Field he a jinx to Indian track and field
performers, for it has been completely renovated by the Board of
Athletic Control at a cost of nearly $25,000. The new track will he
used for training and practice meets. Insets are, left to right: Sam

McDonald who, supervised the reconstruction; Coach Dink Teni
pleton; Jim Reynolds, star shot-putter; Humbert Smith, ace high
jumper; and Sam Klopstock, veteran hurdler.

NO LONGER will Angell Field he a jinx to Indian track and field
performers, for it has been completely renovated by the Board of
Athletic Control at a cost of nearly $25,000. The new track will he
used for training and practice meets. Insets are, left to right: Sam

McDonald who, supervised the reconstruction; Coach Dink Teni
pleton; Jim Reynolds, star shot-putter; Humbert Smith, ace high
jumper; and Sam Klopstock, veteran hurdler.

NO LONGER will Angell Field he a jinx to Indian track and field
performers, for it has been completely renovated by the Board of
Athletic Control at a cost of nearly $25,000. The new track will he
used for training and practice meets. Insets are, left to right: Sam

McDonald who, supervised the reconstruction; Coach Dink Teni
pleton; Jim Reynolds, star shot-putter; Humbert Smith, ace high
jumper; and Sam Klopstock, veteran hurdler.

NO LONGER will Angell Field he a jinx to Indian track and field
performers, for it has been completely renovated by the Board of
Athletic Control at a cost of nearly $25,000. The new track will he
used for training and practice meets. Insets are, left to right: Sam

McDonald who, supervised the reconstruction; Coach Dink Teni
pleton; Jim Reynolds, star shot-putter; Humbert Smith, ace high
jumper; and Sam Klopstock, veteran hurdler.

NO LONGER will Angell Field he a jinx to Indian track and field
performers, for it has been completely renovated by the Board of
Athletic Control at a cost of nearly $25,000. The new track will he
used for training and practice meets. Insets are, left to right: Sam

McDonald who, supervised the reconstruction; Coach Dink Teni
pleton; Jim Reynolds, star shot-putter; Humbert Smith, ace high
jumper; and Sam Klopstock, veteran hurdler.

NO LONGER will Angell Field he a jinx to Indian track and field
performers, for it has been completely renovated by the Board of
Athletic Control at a cost of nearly $25,000. The new track will he
used for training and practice meets. Insets are, left to right: Sam

McDonald who, supervised the reconstruction; Coach Dink Teni
pleton; Jim Reynolds, star shot-putter; Humbert Smith, ace high
jumper; and Sam Klopstock, veteran hurdler.

NO LONGER will Angell Field he a jinx to Indian track and field
performers, for it has been completely renovated by the Board of
Athletic Control at a cost of nearly $25,000. The new track will he
used for training and practice meets. Insets are, left to right: Sam

McDonald who, supervised the reconstruction; Coach Dink Teni
pleton; Jim Reynolds, star shot-putter; Humbert Smith, ace high
jumper; and Sam Klopstock, veteran hurdler.

NO LONGER will Angell Field he a jinx to Indian track and field
performers, for it has been completely renovated by the Board of
Athletic Control at a cost of nearly $25,000. The new track will he
used for training and practice meets. Insets are, left to right: Sam

McDonald who, supervised the reconstruction; Coach Dink Teni
pleton; Jim Reynolds, star shot-putter; Humbert Smith, ace high
jumper; and Sam Klopstock, veteran hurdler.

NO LONGER will Angell Field he a jinx to Indian track and field
performers, for it has been completely renovated by the Board of
Athletic Control at a cost of nearly $25,000. The new track will he
used for training and practice meets. Insets are, left to right: Sam

McDonald who, supervised the reconstruction; Coach Dink Teni
pleton; Jim Reynolds, star shot-putter; Humbert Smith, ace high
jumper; and Sam Klopstock, veteran hurdler.

NO LONGER will Angell Field he a jinx to Indian track and field
performers, for it has been completely renovated by the Board of
Athletic Control at a cost of nearly $25,000. The new track will he
used for training and practice meets. Insets are, left to right: Sam

McDonald who, supervised the reconstruction; Coach Dink Teni
pleton; Jim Reynolds, star shot-putter; Humbert Smith, ace high
jumper; and Sam Klopstock, veteran hurdler.

NO LONGER will Angell Field he a jinx to Indian track and field
performers, for it has been completely renovated by the Board of
Athletic Control at a cost of nearly $25,000. The new track will he
used for training and practice meets. Insets are, left to right: Sam

McDonald who, supervised the reconstruction; Coach Dink Teni
pleton; Jim Reynolds, star shot-putter; Humbert Smith, ace high
jumper; and Sam Klopstock, veteran hurdler.

NO LONGER will Angell Field he a jinx to Indian track and field
performers, for it has been completely renovated by the Board of
Athletic Control at a cost of nearly $25,000. The new track will he
used for training and practice meets. Insets are, left to right: Sam

McDonald who, supervised the reconstruction; Coach Dink Teni
pleton; Jim Reynolds, star shot-putter; Humbert Smith, ace high
jumper; and Sam Klopstock, veteran hurdler.

NO LONGER will Angell Field he a jinx to Indian track and field
performers, for it has been completely renovated by the Board of
Athletic Control at a cost of nearly $25,000. The new track will he
used for training and practice meets. Insets are, left to right: Sam

McDonald who, supervised the reconstruction; Coach Dink Teni
pleton; Jim Reynolds, star shot-putter; Humbert Smith, ace high
jumper; and Sam Klopstock, veteran hurdler.
