# PHI KAPPA SIGMA
## 
### 
Phi Kappa Sigma officers: Tom
Lombard, president; Dick Zieber,
vice-president; George Eastman,
secretary; Rick Means, house
manager; Bill Christie, work
chairman; Bob Roberts, social
chairman; Eddie Basha and Bob
Flaherty, pledgemasters; Hal Alt
schuler, correspondent; Bob Gast
rushing chairman; Don Dins
more, athletic chairman; Dick
Clotfelter, historian; Tom Burns
and Bob Cosgrove, Mothers' Club
representatives.
Phi Kappa Sigma officers: Tom
Lombard, president; Dick Zieber,
vice-president; George Eastman,
secretary; Rick Means, house
manager; Bill Christie, work
chairman; Bob Roberts, social
chairman; Eddie Basha and Bob
Flaherty, pledgemasters; Hal Alt
schuler, correspondent; Bob Gast
rushing chairman; Don Dins
more, athletic chairman; Dick
Clotfelter, historian; Tom Burns
and Bob Cosgrove, Mothers' Club
representatives.
Phi Kappa Sigma officers: Tom
Lombard, president; Dick Zieber,
vice-president; George Eastman,
secretary; Rick Means, house
manager; Bill Christie, work
chairman; Bob Roberts, social
chairman; Eddie Basha and Bob
Flaherty, pledgemasters; Hal Alt
schuler, correspondent; Bob Gast
rushing chairman; Don Dins
more, athletic chairman; Dick
Clotfelter, historian; Tom Burns
and Bob Cosgrove, Mothers' Club
representatives.
Phi Kappa Sigma officers: Tom
Lombard, president; Dick Zieber,
vice-president; George Eastman,
secretary; Rick Means, house
manager; Bill Christie, work
chairman; Bob Roberts, social
chairman; Eddie Basha and Bob
Flaherty, pledgemasters; Hal Alt
schuler, correspondent; Bob Gast
rushing chairman; Don Dins
more, athletic chairman; Dick
Clotfelter, historian; Tom Burns
and Bob Cosgrove, Mothers' Club
representatives.
Phi Kappa Sigma officers: Tom
Lombard, president; Dick Zieber,
vice-president; George Eastman,
secretary; Rick Means, house
manager; Bill Christie, work
chairman; Bob Roberts, social
chairman; Eddie Basha and Bob
Flaherty, pledgemasters; Hal Alt
schuler, correspondent; Bob Gast
rushing chairman; Don Dins
more, athletic chairman; Dick
Clotfelter, historian; Tom Burns
and Bob Cosgrove, Mothers' Club
representatives.
Phi Kappa Sigma officers: Tom
Lombard, president; Dick Zieber,
vice-president; George Eastman,
secretary; Rick Means, house
manager; Bill Christie, work
chairman; Bob Roberts, social
chairman; Eddie Basha and Bob
Flaherty, pledgemasters; Hal Alt
schuler, correspondent; Bob Gast
rushing chairman; Don Dins
more, athletic chairman; Dick
Clotfelter, historian; Tom Burns
and Bob Cosgrove, Mothers' Club
representatives.
Phi Kappa Sigma officers: Tom
Lombard, president; Dick Zieber,
vice-president; George Eastman,
secretary; Rick Means, house
manager; Bill Christie, work
chairman; Bob Roberts, social
chairman; Eddie Basha and Bob
Flaherty, pledgemasters; Hal Alt
schuler, correspondent; Bob Gast
rushing chairman; Don Dins
more, athletic chairman; Dick
Clotfelter, historian; Tom Burns
and Bob Cosgrove, Mothers' Club
representatives.
Phi Kappa Sigma officers: Tom
Lombard, president; Dick Zieber,
vice-president; George Eastman,
secretary; Rick Means, house
manager; Bill Christie, work
chairman; Bob Roberts, social
chairman; Eddie Basha and Bob
Flaherty, pledgemasters; Hal Alt
schuler, correspondent; Bob Gast
rushing chairman; Don Dins
more, athletic chairman; Dick
Clotfelter, historian; Tom Burns
and Bob Cosgrove, Mothers' Club
representatives.
Phi Kappa Sigma officers: Tom
Lombard, president; Dick Zieber,
vice-president; George Eastman,
secretary; Rick Means, house
manager; Bill Christie, work
chairman; Bob Roberts, social
chairman; Eddie Basha and Bob
Flaherty, pledgemasters; Hal Alt
schuler, correspondent; Bob Gast
rushing chairman; Don Dins
more, athletic chairman; Dick
Clotfelter, historian; Tom Burns
and Bob Cosgrove, Mothers' Club
representatives.
Phi Kappa Sigma officers: Tom
Lombard, president; Dick Zieber,
vice-president; George Eastman,
secretary; Rick Means, house
manager; Bill Christie, work
chairman; Bob Roberts, social
chairman; Eddie Basha and Bob
Flaherty, pledgemasters; Hal Alt
schuler, correspondent; Bob Gast
rushing chairman; Don Dins
more, athletic chairman; Dick
Clotfelter, historian; Tom Burns
and Bob Cosgrove, Mothers' Club
representatives.
Phi Kappa Sigma officers: Tom
Lombard, president; Dick Zieber,
vice-president; George Eastman,
secretary; Rick Means, house
manager; Bill Christie, work
chairman; Bob Roberts, social
chairman; Eddie Basha and Bob
Flaherty, pledgemasters; Hal Alt
schuler, correspondent; Bob Gast
rushing chairman; Don Dins
more, athletic chairman; Dick
Clotfelter, historian; Tom Burns
and Bob Cosgrove, Mothers' Club
representatives.
Phi Kappa Sigma officers: Tom
Lombard, president; Dick Zieber,
vice-president; George Eastman,
secretary; Rick Means, house
manager; Bill Christie, work
chairman; Bob Roberts, social
chairman; Eddie Basha and Bob
Flaherty, pledgemasters; Hal Alt
schuler, correspondent; Bob Gast
rushing chairman; Don Dins
more, athletic chairman; Dick
Clotfelter, historian; Tom Burns
and Bob Cosgrove, Mothers' Club
representatives.
Phi Kappa Sigma officers: Tom
Lombard, president; Dick Zieber,
vice-president; George Eastman,
secretary; Rick Means, house
manager; Bill Christie, work
chairman; Bob Roberts, social
chairman; Eddie Basha and Bob
Flaherty, pledgemasters; Hal Alt
schuler, correspondent; Bob Gast
rushing chairman; Don Dins
more, athletic chairman; Dick
Clotfelter, historian; Tom Burns
and Bob Cosgrove, Mothers' Club
representatives.
Phi Kappa Sigma officers: Tom
Lombard, president; Dick Zieber,
vice-president; George Eastman,
secretary; Rick Means, house
manager; Bill Christie, work
chairman; Bob Roberts, social
chairman; Eddie Basha and Bob
Flaherty, pledgemasters; Hal Alt
schuler, correspondent; Bob Gast
rushing chairman; Don Dins
more, athletic chairman; Dick
Clotfelter, historian; Tom Burns
and Bob Cosgrove, Mothers' Club
representatives.
Phi Kappa Sigma officers: Tom
Lombard, president; Dick Zieber,
vice-president; George Eastman,
secretary; Rick Means, house
manager; Bill Christie, work
chairman; Bob Roberts, social
chairman; Eddie Basha and Bob
Flaherty, pledgemasters; Hal Alt
schuler, correspondent; Bob Gast
rushing chairman; Don Dins
more, athletic chairman; Dick
Clotfelter, historian; Tom Burns
and Bob Cosgrove, Mothers' Club
representatives.
Phi Kappa Sigma officers: Tom
Lombard, president; Dick Zieber,
vice-president; George Eastman,
secretary; Rick Means, house
manager; Bill Christie, work
chairman; Bob Roberts, social
chairman; Eddie Basha and Bob
Flaherty, pledgemasters; Hal Alt
schuler, correspondent; Bob Gast
rushing chairman; Don Dins
more, athletic chairman; Dick
Clotfelter, historian; Tom Burns
and Bob Cosgrove, Mothers' Club
representatives.
