# Swim Meet Called; Mermen Eye USC
## 
### 
Yesterday's varsity swimming
meet with San Jose State was
canceled, leaving Tom Haynie's
mermen with another day to pre
pare for Saturday afternoon's
Southern California meet.
The Indians, unbeaten in PCC
dual competition since the Tro
jans topped Ihem in May, 1950,
face a real challenge in this
year's edition.
Yesterday's varsity swimming
meet with San Jose State was
canceled, leaving Tom Haynie's
mermen with another day to pre
pare for Saturday afternoon's
Southern California meet.
The Indians, unbeaten in PCC
dual competition since the Tro
jans topped Ihem in May, 1950,
face a real challenge in this
year's edition.
Yesterday's varsity swimming
meet with San Jose State was
canceled, leaving Tom Haynie's
mermen with another day to pre
pare for Saturday afternoon's
Southern California meet.
The Indians, unbeaten in PCC
dual competition since the Tro
jans topped Ihem in May, 1950,
face a real challenge in this
year's edition.
Yesterday's varsity swimming
meet with San Jose State was
canceled, leaving Tom Haynie's
mermen with another day to pre
pare for Saturday afternoon's
Southern California meet.
The Indians, unbeaten in PCC
dual competition since the Tro
jans topped Ihem in May, 1950,
face a real challenge in this
year's edition.
Yesterday's varsity swimming
meet with San Jose State was
canceled, leaving Tom Haynie's
mermen with another day to pre
pare for Saturday afternoon's
Southern California meet.
The Indians, unbeaten in PCC
dual competition since the Tro
jans topped Ihem in May, 1950,
face a real challenge in this
year's edition.
Yesterday's varsity swimming
meet with San Jose State was
canceled, leaving Tom Haynie's
mermen with another day to pre
pare for Saturday afternoon's
Southern California meet.
The Indians, unbeaten in PCC
dual competition since the Tro
jans topped Ihem in May, 1950,
face a real challenge in this
year's edition.
Yesterday's varsity swimming
meet with San Jose State was
canceled, leaving Tom Haynie's
mermen with another day to pre
pare for Saturday afternoon's
Southern California meet.
The Indians, unbeaten in PCC
dual competition since the Tro
jans topped Ihem in May, 1950,
face a real challenge in this
year's edition.
Yesterday's varsity swimming
meet with San Jose State was
canceled, leaving Tom Haynie's
mermen with another day to pre
pare for Saturday afternoon's
Southern California meet.
The Indians, unbeaten in PCC
dual competition since the Tro
jans topped Ihem in May, 1950,
face a real challenge in this
year's edition.
Yesterday's varsity swimming
meet with San Jose State was
canceled, leaving Tom Haynie's
mermen with another day to pre
pare for Saturday afternoon's
Southern California meet.
The Indians, unbeaten in PCC
dual competition since the Tro
jans topped Ihem in May, 1950,
face a real challenge in this
year's edition.
Yesterday's varsity swimming
meet with San Jose State was
canceled, leaving Tom Haynie's
mermen with another day to pre
pare for Saturday afternoon's
Southern California meet.
The Indians, unbeaten in PCC
dual competition since the Tro
jans topped Ihem in May, 1950,
face a real challenge in this
year's edition.
Yesterday's varsity swimming
meet with San Jose State was
canceled, leaving Tom Haynie's
mermen with another day to pre
pare for Saturday afternoon's
Southern California meet.
The Indians, unbeaten in PCC
dual competition since the Tro
jans topped Ihem in May, 1950,
face a real challenge in this
year's edition.
Yesterday's varsity swimming
meet with San Jose State was
canceled, leaving Tom Haynie's
mermen with another day to pre
pare for Saturday afternoon's
Southern California meet.
The Indians, unbeaten in PCC
dual competition since the Tro
jans topped Ihem in May, 1950,
face a real challenge in this
year's edition.
Yesterday's varsity swimming
meet with San Jose State was
canceled, leaving Tom Haynie's
mermen with another day to pre
pare for Saturday afternoon's
Southern California meet.
The Indians, unbeaten in PCC
dual competition since the Tro
jans topped Ihem in May, 1950,
face a real challenge in this
year's edition.
Yesterday's varsity swimming
meet with San Jose State was
canceled, leaving Tom Haynie's
mermen with another day to pre
pare for Saturday afternoon's
Southern California meet.
The Indians, unbeaten in PCC
dual competition since the Tro
jans topped Ihem in May, 1950,
face a real challenge in this
year's edition.
Yesterday's varsity swimming
meet with San Jose State was
canceled, leaving Tom Haynie's
mermen with another day to pre
pare for Saturday afternoon's
Southern California meet.
The Indians, unbeaten in PCC
dual competition since the Tro
jans topped Ihem in May, 1950,
face a real challenge in this
year's edition.
Yesterday's varsity swimming
meet with San Jose State was
canceled, leaving Tom Haynie's
mermen with another day to pre
pare for Saturday afternoon's
Southern California meet.
The Indians, unbeaten in PCC
dual competition since the Tro
jans topped Ihem in May, 1950,
face a real challenge in this
year's edition.
