# CIBA Flag Race Settles Down to Three-Way Fight
## 
### 
With only three weeks of play
remaining on the 19.iT CIBA
schedule, the pennant race has
seltled down 1o a throe-team bat
tle among the defending champion
Southern California Trojans, Cali
fornia Bears and Stanford In
dians.
USC currently holds a half
game lead over the Bears, while
the Indians are two and one-half
lengths behind. Key game of this
weekend is the California - Stan
ford battle at Berkeley. The Tro
jans will try to widen 1 heir lead
in a weekend pair against fourth
place UCLA.
Latest CIBA statistics show Cal
ifornia's Roger Gregg still in the
top spot in the batting race. He
is connecting at a .439 clip, 34
points ahead of UCLA's Conrad
Munatones.
Leading the Stanford batters is
shortstop Steve Stewart, who
holds down the No. 7 spot with a
solid .344 figure. A 1 Shaw, the
Indians' hard-hitting second base
man, is in Ilth place with a mark
of .308.
The Tribe's Bob Leopold tops
the circuit in earned-run average
with a perfect 0.00 mark for three
complete games. USC's Dale Zieg
ler holds the lead in the won-lost
column with a record of 4-0.
