# Beck Ordered To Reappear Before Senate
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, May 1 (UP)

Senate labor rackets investigators
today ordered Teamsters Union
president Dave Beck to resume
his public testimony May 8 and
challenged him to make good on
his threat to "blow the lid right
off the Senate."
Chairman John L. McClellan
(D-Ark.) announced the commit
tee's action shortly after Beck no
tified the AFL-CIO he would ap
pear at a hearing next Monday
to answer union corr up t i on
charges leveled against the team
sters. His date with the senators
is two days later.
McClellan said Beck has been
notified by telegram that the com
mittee has received new informa
tion "regarding Mr. Beck's activi
ties and use of the power of the
[Teamsters] union to further his
own financial interests." He said
eight or 10 witnesses would be
heard.
Fifth Amendment
Beck, head of the nation's big
gest union, claimed the constitu
tional protection of the fifth
amendment 117 times during
questioning by the committee last
month regarding his financial
dealings with the teamsters.
Beck subsequently was quoted
as saying that any further testi
mony by him would "blow the lid
off" the Senate. He later repudi
ated the statement, but McClellan
made clear that it still rankled
with the rackets investigators.
Ample Opportunity
"In connection with Mr. Beck's
alleged statement as reported in
the press that if he talked he
would 'blow the lid right off the
Senate,'" McClellan said, Beck
will "be given ample opportunity
to do so."
In his previous testimony Beck
was pressed by the committee to
explain what happened to some
$320,000 which it said he took
from union funds. Counsel Robert
F. Kennedy recently said Beck
"stole" the money.
WASHINGTON, May 1 (UP)

Senate labor rackets investigators
today ordered Teamsters Union
president Dave Beck to resume
his public testimony May 8 and
challenged him to make good on
his threat to "blow the lid right
off the Senate."
Chairman John L. McClellan
(D-Ark.) announced the commit
tee's action shortly after Beck no
tified the AFL-CIO he would ap
pear at a hearing next Monday
to answer union corr up t i on
charges leveled against the team
sters. His date with the senators
is two days later.
McClellan said Beck has been
notified by telegram that the com
mittee has received new informa
tion "regarding Mr. Beck's activi
ties and use of the power of the
[Teamsters] union to further his
own financial interests." He said
eight or 10 witnesses would be
heard.
Fifth Amendment
Beck, head of the nation's big
gest union, claimed the constitu
tional protection of the fifth
amendment 117 times during
questioning by the committee last
month regarding his financial
dealings with the teamsters.
Beck subsequently was quoted
as saying that any further testi
mony by him would "blow the lid
off" the Senate. He later repudi
ated the statement, but McClellan
made clear that it still rankled
with the rackets investigators.
Ample Opportunity
"In connection with Mr. Beck's
alleged statement as reported in
the press that if he talked he
would 'blow the lid right off the
Senate,'" McClellan said, Beck
will "be given ample opportunity
to do so."
In his previous testimony Beck
was pressed by the committee to
explain what happened to some
$320,000 which it said he took
from union funds. Counsel Robert
F. Kennedy recently said Beck
"stole" the money.
WASHINGTON, May 1 (UP)

Senate labor rackets investigators
today ordered Teamsters Union
president Dave Beck to resume
his public testimony May 8 and
challenged him to make good on
his threat to "blow the lid right
off the Senate."
Chairman John L. McClellan
(D-Ark.) announced the commit
tee's action shortly after Beck no
tified the AFL-CIO he would ap
pear at a hearing next Monday
to answer union corr up t i on
charges leveled against the team
sters. His date with the senators
is two days later.
McClellan said Beck has been
notified by telegram that the com
mittee has received new informa
tion "regarding Mr. Beck's activi
ties and use of the power of the
[Teamsters] union to further his
own financial interests." He said
eight or 10 witnesses would be
heard.
Fifth Amendment
Beck, head of the nation's big
gest union, claimed the constitu
tional protection of the fifth
amendment 117 times during
questioning by the committee last
month regarding his financial
dealings with the teamsters.
Beck subsequently was quoted
as saying that any further testi
mony by him would "blow the lid
off" the Senate. He later repudi
ated the statement, but McClellan
made clear that it still rankled
with the rackets investigators.
Ample Opportunity
"In connection with Mr. Beck's
alleged statement as reported in
the press that if he talked he
would 'blow the lid right off the
Senate,'" McClellan said, Beck
will "be given ample opportunity
to do so."
In his previous testimony Beck
was pressed by the committee to
explain what happened to some
$320,000 which it said he took
from union funds. Counsel Robert
F. Kennedy recently said Beck
"stole" the money.
WASHINGTON, May 1 (UP)

Senate labor rackets investigators
today ordered Teamsters Union
president Dave Beck to resume
his public testimony May 8 and
challenged him to make good on
his threat to "blow the lid right
off the Senate."
Chairman John L. McClellan
(D-Ark.) announced the commit
tee's action shortly after Beck no
tified the AFL-CIO he would ap
pear at a hearing next Monday
to answer union corr up t i on
charges leveled against the team
sters. His date with the senators
is two days later.
McClellan said Beck has been
notified by telegram that the com
mittee has received new informa
tion "regarding Mr. Beck's activi
ties and use of the power of the
[Teamsters] union to further his
own financial interests." He said
eight or 10 witnesses would be
heard.
Fifth Amendment
Beck, head of the nation's big
gest union, claimed the constitu
tional protection of the fifth
amendment 117 times during
questioning by the committee last
month regarding his financial
dealings with the teamsters.
Beck subsequently was quoted
as saying that any further testi
mony by him would "blow the lid
off" the Senate. He later repudi
ated the statement, but McClellan
made clear that it still rankled
with the rackets investigators.
Ample Opportunity
"In connection with Mr. Beck's
alleged statement as reported in
the press that if he talked he
would 'blow the lid right off the
Senate,'" McClellan said, Beck
will "be given ample opportunity
to do so."
In his previous testimony Beck
was pressed by the committee to
explain what happened to some
$320,000 which it said he took
from union funds. Counsel Robert
F. Kennedy recently said Beck
"stole" the money.
WASHINGTON, May 1 (UP)

Senate labor rackets investigators
today ordered Teamsters Union
president Dave Beck to resume
his public testimony May 8 and
challenged him to make good on
his threat to "blow the lid right
off the Senate."
Chairman John L. McClellan
(D-Ark.) announced the commit
tee's action shortly after Beck no
tified the AFL-CIO he would ap
pear at a hearing next Monday
to answer union corr up t i on
charges leveled against the team
sters. His date with the senators
is two days later.
McClellan said Beck has been
notified by telegram that the com
mittee has received new informa
tion "regarding Mr. Beck's activi
ties and use of the power of the
[Teamsters] union to further his
own financial interests." He said
eight or 10 witnesses would be
heard.
Fifth Amendment
Beck, head of the nation's big
gest union, claimed the constitu
tional protection of the fifth
amendment 117 times during
questioning by the committee last
month regarding his financial
dealings with the teamsters.
Beck subsequently was quoted
as saying that any further testi
mony by him would "blow the lid
off" the Senate. He later repudi
ated the statement, but McClellan
made clear that it still rankled
with the rackets investigators.
Ample Opportunity
"In connection with Mr. Beck's
alleged statement as reported in
the press that if he talked he
would 'blow the lid right off the
Senate,'" McClellan said, Beck
will "be given ample opportunity
to do so."
In his previous testimony Beck
was pressed by the committee to
explain what happened to some
$320,000 which it said he took
from union funds. Counsel Robert
F. Kennedy recently said Beck
"stole" the money.
WASHINGTON, May 1 (UP)

Senate labor rackets investigators
today ordered Teamsters Union
president Dave Beck to resume
his public testimony May 8 and
challenged him to make good on
his threat to "blow the lid right
off the Senate."
Chairman John L. McClellan
(D-Ark.) announced the commit
tee's action shortly after Beck no
tified the AFL-CIO he would ap
pear at a hearing next Monday
to answer union corr up t i on
charges leveled against the team
sters. His date with the senators
is two days later.
McClellan said Beck has been
notified by telegram that the com
mittee has received new informa
tion "regarding Mr. Beck's activi
ties and use of the power of the
[Teamsters] union to further his
own financial interests." He said
eight or 10 witnesses would be
heard.
Fifth Amendment
Beck, head of the nation's big
gest union, claimed the constitu
tional protection of the fifth
amendment 117 times during
questioning by the committee last
month regarding his financial
dealings with the teamsters.
Beck subsequently was quoted
as saying that any further testi
mony by him would "blow the lid
off" the Senate. He later repudi
ated the statement, but McClellan
made clear that it still rankled
with the rackets investigators.
Ample Opportunity
"In connection with Mr. Beck's
alleged statement as reported in
the press that if he talked he
would 'blow the lid right off the
Senate,'" McClellan said, Beck
will "be given ample opportunity
to do so."
In his previous testimony Beck
was pressed by the committee to
explain what happened to some
$320,000 which it said he took
from union funds. Counsel Robert
F. Kennedy recently said Beck
"stole" the money.
WASHINGTON, May 1 (UP)

Senate labor rackets investigators
today ordered Teamsters Union
president Dave Beck to resume
his public testimony May 8 and
challenged him to make good on
his threat to "blow the lid right
off the Senate."
Chairman John L. McClellan
(D-Ark.) announced the commit
tee's action shortly after Beck no
tified the AFL-CIO he would ap
pear at a hearing next Monday
to answer union corr up t i on
charges leveled against the team
sters. His date with the senators
is two days later.
McClellan said Beck has been
notified by telegram that the com
mittee has received new informa
tion "regarding Mr. Beck's activi
ties and use of the power of the
[Teamsters] union to further his
own financial interests." He said
eight or 10 witnesses would be
heard.
Fifth Amendment
Beck, head of the nation's big
gest union, claimed the constitu
tional protection of the fifth
amendment 117 times during
questioning by the committee last
month regarding his financial
dealings with the teamsters.
Beck subsequently was quoted
as saying that any further testi
mony by him would "blow the lid
off" the Senate. He later repudi
ated the statement, but McClellan
made clear that it still rankled
with the rackets investigators.
Ample Opportunity
"In connection with Mr. Beck's
alleged statement as reported in
the press that if he talked he
would 'blow the lid right off the
Senate,'" McClellan said, Beck
will "be given ample opportunity
to do so."
In his previous testimony Beck
was pressed by the committee to
explain what happened to some
$320,000 which it said he took
from union funds. Counsel Robert
F. Kennedy recently said Beck
"stole" the money.
WASHINGTON, May 1 (UP)

Senate labor rackets investigators
today ordered Teamsters Union
president Dave Beck to resume
his public testimony May 8 and
challenged him to make good on
his threat to "blow the lid right
off the Senate."
Chairman John L. McClellan
(D-Ark.) announced the commit
tee's action shortly after Beck no
tified the AFL-CIO he would ap
pear at a hearing next Monday
to answer union corr up t i on
charges leveled against the team
sters. His date with the senators
is two days later.
McClellan said Beck has been
notified by telegram that the com
mittee has received new informa
tion "regarding Mr. Beck's activi
ties and use of the power of the
[Teamsters] union to further his
own financial interests." He said
eight or 10 witnesses would be
heard.
Fifth Amendment
Beck, head of the nation's big
gest union, claimed the constitu
tional protection of the fifth
amendment 117 times during
questioning by the committee last
month regarding his financial
dealings with the teamsters.
Beck subsequently was quoted
as saying that any further testi
mony by him would "blow the lid
off" the Senate. He later repudi
ated the statement, but McClellan
made clear that it still rankled
with the rackets investigators.
Ample Opportunity
"In connection with Mr. Beck's
alleged statement as reported in
the press that if he talked he
would 'blow the lid right off the
Senate,'" McClellan said, Beck
will "be given ample opportunity
to do so."
In his previous testimony Beck
was pressed by the committee to
explain what happened to some
$320,000 which it said he took
from union funds. Counsel Robert
F. Kennedy recently said Beck
"stole" the money.
WASHINGTON, May 1 (UP)

Senate labor rackets investigators
today ordered Teamsters Union
president Dave Beck to resume
his public testimony May 8 and
challenged him to make good on
his threat to "blow the lid right
off the Senate."
Chairman John L. McClellan
(D-Ark.) announced the commit
tee's action shortly after Beck no
tified the AFL-CIO he would ap
pear at a hearing next Monday
to answer union corr up t i on
charges leveled against the team
sters. His date with the senators
is two days later.
McClellan said Beck has been
notified by telegram that the com
mittee has received new informa
tion "regarding Mr. Beck's activi
ties and use of the power of the
[Teamsters] union to further his
own financial interests." He said
eight or 10 witnesses would be
heard.
Fifth Amendment
Beck, head of the nation's big
gest union, claimed the constitu
tional protection of the fifth
amendment 117 times during
questioning by the committee last
month regarding his financial
dealings with the teamsters.
Beck subsequently was quoted
as saying that any further testi
mony by him would "blow the lid
off" the Senate. He later repudi
ated the statement, but McClellan
made clear that it still rankled
with the rackets investigators.
Ample Opportunity
"In connection with Mr. Beck's
alleged statement as reported in
the press that if he talked he
would 'blow the lid right off the
Senate,'" McClellan said, Beck
will "be given ample opportunity
to do so."
In his previous testimony Beck
was pressed by the committee to
explain what happened to some
$320,000 which it said he took
from union funds. Counsel Robert
F. Kennedy recently said Beck
"stole" the money.
WASHINGTON, May 1 (UP)

Senate labor rackets investigators
today ordered Teamsters Union
president Dave Beck to resume
his public testimony May 8 and
challenged him to make good on
his threat to "blow the lid right
off the Senate."
Chairman John L. McClellan
(D-Ark.) announced the commit
tee's action shortly after Beck no
tified the AFL-CIO he would ap
pear at a hearing next Monday
to answer union corr up t i on
charges leveled against the team
sters. His date with the senators
is two days later.
McClellan said Beck has been
notified by telegram that the com
mittee has received new informa
tion "regarding Mr. Beck's activi
ties and use of the power of the
[Teamsters] union to further his
own financial interests." He said
eight or 10 witnesses would be
heard.
Fifth Amendment
Beck, head of the nation's big
gest union, claimed the constitu
tional protection of the fifth
amendment 117 times during
questioning by the committee last
month regarding his financial
dealings with the teamsters.
Beck subsequently was quoted
as saying that any further testi
mony by him would "blow the lid
off" the Senate. He later repudi
ated the statement, but McClellan
made clear that it still rankled
with the rackets investigators.
Ample Opportunity
"In connection with Mr. Beck's
alleged statement as reported in
the press that if he talked he
would 'blow the lid right off the
Senate,'" McClellan said, Beck
will "be given ample opportunity
to do so."
In his previous testimony Beck
was pressed by the committee to
explain what happened to some
$320,000 which it said he took
from union funds. Counsel Robert
F. Kennedy recently said Beck
"stole" the money.
WASHINGTON, May 1 (UP)

Senate labor rackets investigators
today ordered Teamsters Union
president Dave Beck to resume
his public testimony May 8 and
challenged him to make good on
his threat to "blow the lid right
off the Senate."
Chairman John L. McClellan
(D-Ark.) announced the commit
tee's action shortly after Beck no
tified the AFL-CIO he would ap
pear at a hearing next Monday
to answer union corr up t i on
charges leveled against the team
sters. His date with the senators
is two days later.
McClellan said Beck has been
notified by telegram that the com
mittee has received new informa
tion "regarding Mr. Beck's activi
ties and use of the power of the
[Teamsters] union to further his
own financial interests." He said
eight or 10 witnesses would be
heard.
Fifth Amendment
Beck, head of the nation's big
gest union, claimed the constitu
tional protection of the fifth
amendment 117 times during
questioning by the committee last
month regarding his financial
dealings with the teamsters.
Beck subsequently was quoted
as saying that any further testi
mony by him would "blow the lid
off" the Senate. He later repudi
ated the statement, but McClellan
made clear that it still rankled
with the rackets investigators.
Ample Opportunity
"In connection with Mr. Beck's
alleged statement as reported in
the press that if he talked he
would 'blow the lid right off the
Senate,'" McClellan said, Beck
will "be given ample opportunity
to do so."
In his previous testimony Beck
was pressed by the committee to
explain what happened to some
$320,000 which it said he took
from union funds. Counsel Robert
F. Kennedy recently said Beck
"stole" the money.
WASHINGTON, May 1 (UP)

Senate labor rackets investigators
today ordered Teamsters Union
president Dave Beck to resume
his public testimony May 8 and
challenged him to make good on
his threat to "blow the lid right
off the Senate."
Chairman John L. McClellan
(D-Ark.) announced the commit
tee's action shortly after Beck no
tified the AFL-CIO he would ap
pear at a hearing next Monday
to answer union corr up t i on
charges leveled against the team
sters. His date with the senators
is two days later.
McClellan said Beck has been
notified by telegram that the com
mittee has received new informa
tion "regarding Mr. Beck's activi
ties and use of the power of the
[Teamsters] union to further his
own financial interests." He said
eight or 10 witnesses would be
heard.
Fifth Amendment
Beck, head of the nation's big
gest union, claimed the constitu
tional protection of the fifth
amendment 117 times during
questioning by the committee last
month regarding his financial
dealings with the teamsters.
Beck subsequently was quoted
as saying that any further testi
mony by him would "blow the lid
off" the Senate. He later repudi
ated the statement, but McClellan
made clear that it still rankled
with the rackets investigators.
Ample Opportunity
"In connection with Mr. Beck's
alleged statement as reported in
the press that if he talked he
would 'blow the lid right off the
Senate,'" McClellan said, Beck
will "be given ample opportunity
to do so."
In his previous testimony Beck
was pressed by the committee to
explain what happened to some
$320,000 which it said he took
from union funds. Counsel Robert
F. Kennedy recently said Beck
"stole" the money.
WASHINGTON, May 1 (UP)

Senate labor rackets investigators
today ordered Teamsters Union
president Dave Beck to resume
his public testimony May 8 and
challenged him to make good on
his threat to "blow the lid right
off the Senate."
Chairman John L. McClellan
(D-Ark.) announced the commit
tee's action shortly after Beck no
tified the AFL-CIO he would ap
pear at a hearing next Monday
to answer union corr up t i on
charges leveled against the team
sters. His date with the senators
is two days later.
McClellan said Beck has been
notified by telegram that the com
mittee has received new informa
tion "regarding Mr. Beck's activi
ties and use of the power of the
[Teamsters] union to further his
own financial interests." He said
eight or 10 witnesses would be
heard.
Fifth Amendment
Beck, head of the nation's big
gest union, claimed the constitu
tional protection of the fifth
amendment 117 times during
questioning by the committee last
month regarding his financial
dealings with the teamsters.
Beck subsequently was quoted
as saying that any further testi
mony by him would "blow the lid
off" the Senate. He later repudi
ated the statement, but McClellan
made clear that it still rankled
with the rackets investigators.
Ample Opportunity
"In connection with Mr. Beck's
alleged statement as reported in
the press that if he talked he
would 'blow the lid right off the
Senate,'" McClellan said, Beck
will "be given ample opportunity
to do so."
In his previous testimony Beck
was pressed by the committee to
explain what happened to some
$320,000 which it said he took
from union funds. Counsel Robert
F. Kennedy recently said Beck
"stole" the money.
WASHINGTON, May 1 (UP)

Senate labor rackets investigators
today ordered Teamsters Union
president Dave Beck to resume
his public testimony May 8 and
challenged him to make good on
his threat to "blow the lid right
off the Senate."
Chairman John L. McClellan
(D-Ark.) announced the commit
tee's action shortly after Beck no
tified the AFL-CIO he would ap
pear at a hearing next Monday
to answer union corr up t i on
charges leveled against the team
sters. His date with the senators
is two days later.
McClellan said Beck has been
notified by telegram that the com
mittee has received new informa
tion "regarding Mr. Beck's activi
ties and use of the power of the
[Teamsters] union to further his
own financial interests." He said
eight or 10 witnesses would be
heard.
Fifth Amendment
Beck, head of the nation's big
gest union, claimed the constitu
tional protection of the fifth
amendment 117 times during
questioning by the committee last
month regarding his financial
dealings with the teamsters.
Beck subsequently was quoted
as saying that any further testi
mony by him would "blow the lid
off" the Senate. He later repudi
ated the statement, but McClellan
made clear that it still rankled
with the rackets investigators.
Ample Opportunity
"In connection with Mr. Beck's
alleged statement as reported in
the press that if he talked he
would 'blow the lid right off the
Senate,'" McClellan said, Beck
will "be given ample opportunity
to do so."
In his previous testimony Beck
was pressed by the committee to
explain what happened to some
$320,000 which it said he took
from union funds. Counsel Robert
F. Kennedy recently said Beck
"stole" the money.
WASHINGTON, May 1 (UP)

Senate labor rackets investigators
today ordered Teamsters Union
president Dave Beck to resume
his public testimony May 8 and
challenged him to make good on
his threat to "blow the lid right
off the Senate."
Chairman John L. McClellan
(D-Ark.) announced the commit
tee's action shortly after Beck no
tified the AFL-CIO he would ap
pear at a hearing next Monday
to answer union corr up t i on
charges leveled against the team
sters. His date with the senators
is two days later.
McClellan said Beck has been
notified by telegram that the com
mittee has received new informa
tion "regarding Mr. Beck's activi
ties and use of the power of the
[Teamsters] union to further his
own financial interests." He said
eight or 10 witnesses would be
heard.
Fifth Amendment
Beck, head of the nation's big
gest union, claimed the constitu
tional protection of the fifth
amendment 117 times during
questioning by the committee last
month regarding his financial
dealings with the teamsters.
Beck subsequently was quoted
as saying that any further testi
mony by him would "blow the lid
off" the Senate. He later repudi
ated the statement, but McClellan
made clear that it still rankled
with the rackets investigators.
Ample Opportunity
"In connection with Mr. Beck's
alleged statement as reported in
the press that if he talked he
would 'blow the lid right off the
Senate,'" McClellan said, Beck
will "be given ample opportunity
to do so."
In his previous testimony Beck
was pressed by the committee to
explain what happened to some
$320,000 which it said he took
from union funds. Counsel Robert
F. Kennedy recently said Beck
"stole" the money.
WASHINGTON, May 1 (UP)

Senate labor rackets investigators
today ordered Teamsters Union
president Dave Beck to resume
his public testimony May 8 and
challenged him to make good on
his threat to "blow the lid right
off the Senate."
Chairman John L. McClellan
(D-Ark.) announced the commit
tee's action shortly after Beck no
tified the AFL-CIO he would ap
pear at a hearing next Monday
to answer union corr up t i on
charges leveled against the team
sters. His date with the senators
is two days later.
McClellan said Beck has been
notified by telegram that the com
mittee has received new informa
tion "regarding Mr. Beck's activi
ties and use of the power of the
[Teamsters] union to further his
own financial interests." He said
eight or 10 witnesses would be
heard.
Fifth Amendment
Beck, head of the nation's big
gest union, claimed the constitu
tional protection of the fifth
amendment 117 times during
questioning by the committee last
month regarding his financial
dealings with the teamsters.
Beck subsequently was quoted
as saying that any further testi
mony by him would "blow the lid
off" the Senate. He later repudi
ated the statement, but McClellan
made clear that it still rankled
with the rackets investigators.
Ample Opportunity
"In connection with Mr. Beck's
alleged statement as reported in
the press that if he talked he
would 'blow the lid right off the
Senate,'" McClellan said, Beck
will "be given ample opportunity
to do so."
In his previous testimony Beck
was pressed by the committee to
explain what happened to some
$320,000 which it said he took
from union funds. Counsel Robert
F. Kennedy recently said Beck
"stole" the money.
