# Summer Russian, Chinese Scheduled
## 
### 
The Asiatic and Slavic Studies
Department has requested that
those students planning to take
the intensive 15-unit Russian or
Chinese courses the department
is offering this summer contact
the following persons: for Rus
sian, Professor Jack A. Posin,
Room tC24, on Monday, Tuesday,
Thursday or Friday from 9:30 to
10 a.m.; for Chinese, Professor
Sliau Wing Chan, Room tCIO, on
the above days at 11 a.m.
The Asiatic and Slavic Studies
Department has requested that
those students planning to take
the intensive 15-unit Russian or
Chinese courses the department
is offering this summer contact
the following persons: for Rus
sian, Professor Jack A. Posin,
Room tC24, on Monday, Tuesday,
Thursday or Friday from 9:30 to
10 a.m.; for Chinese, Professor
Sliau Wing Chan, Room tCIO, on
the above days at 11 a.m.
The Asiatic and Slavic Studies
Department has requested that
those students planning to take
the intensive 15-unit Russian or
Chinese courses the department
is offering this summer contact
the following persons: for Rus
sian, Professor Jack A. Posin,
Room tC24, on Monday, Tuesday,
Thursday or Friday from 9:30 to
10 a.m.; for Chinese, Professor
Sliau Wing Chan, Room tCIO, on
the above days at 11 a.m.
The Asiatic and Slavic Studies
Department has requested that
those students planning to take
the intensive 15-unit Russian or
Chinese courses the department
is offering this summer contact
the following persons: for Rus
sian, Professor Jack A. Posin,
Room tC24, on Monday, Tuesday,
Thursday or Friday from 9:30 to
10 a.m.; for Chinese, Professor
Sliau Wing Chan, Room tCIO, on
the above days at 11 a.m.
The Asiatic and Slavic Studies
Department has requested that
those students planning to take
the intensive 15-unit Russian or
Chinese courses the department
is offering this summer contact
the following persons: for Rus
sian, Professor Jack A. Posin,
Room tC24, on Monday, Tuesday,
Thursday or Friday from 9:30 to
10 a.m.; for Chinese, Professor
Sliau Wing Chan, Room tCIO, on
the above days at 11 a.m.
The Asiatic and Slavic Studies
Department has requested that
those students planning to take
the intensive 15-unit Russian or
Chinese courses the department
is offering this summer contact
the following persons: for Rus
sian, Professor Jack A. Posin,
Room tC24, on Monday, Tuesday,
Thursday or Friday from 9:30 to
10 a.m.; for Chinese, Professor
Sliau Wing Chan, Room tCIO, on
the above days at 11 a.m.
The Asiatic and Slavic Studies
Department has requested that
those students planning to take
the intensive 15-unit Russian or
Chinese courses the department
is offering this summer contact
the following persons: for Rus
sian, Professor Jack A. Posin,
Room tC24, on Monday, Tuesday,
Thursday or Friday from 9:30 to
10 a.m.; for Chinese, Professor
Sliau Wing Chan, Room tCIO, on
the above days at 11 a.m.
The Asiatic and Slavic Studies
Department has requested that
those students planning to take
the intensive 15-unit Russian or
Chinese courses the department
is offering this summer contact
the following persons: for Rus
sian, Professor Jack A. Posin,
Room tC24, on Monday, Tuesday,
Thursday or Friday from 9:30 to
10 a.m.; for Chinese, Professor
Sliau Wing Chan, Room tCIO, on
the above days at 11 a.m.
The Asiatic and Slavic Studies
Department has requested that
those students planning to take
the intensive 15-unit Russian or
Chinese courses the department
is offering this summer contact
the following persons: for Rus
sian, Professor Jack A. Posin,
Room tC24, on Monday, Tuesday,
Thursday or Friday from 9:30 to
10 a.m.; for Chinese, Professor
Sliau Wing Chan, Room tCIO, on
the above days at 11 a.m.
The Asiatic and Slavic Studies
Department has requested that
those students planning to take
the intensive 15-unit Russian or
Chinese courses the department
is offering this summer contact
the following persons: for Rus
sian, Professor Jack A. Posin,
Room tC24, on Monday, Tuesday,
Thursday or Friday from 9:30 to
10 a.m.; for Chinese, Professor
Sliau Wing Chan, Room tCIO, on
the above days at 11 a.m.
The Asiatic and Slavic Studies
Department has requested that
those students planning to take
the intensive 15-unit Russian or
Chinese courses the department
is offering this summer contact
the following persons: for Rus
sian, Professor Jack A. Posin,
Room tC24, on Monday, Tuesday,
Thursday or Friday from 9:30 to
10 a.m.; for Chinese, Professor
Sliau Wing Chan, Room tCIO, on
the above days at 11 a.m.
The Asiatic and Slavic Studies
Department has requested that
those students planning to take
the intensive 15-unit Russian or
Chinese courses the department
is offering this summer contact
the following persons: for Rus
sian, Professor Jack A. Posin,
Room tC24, on Monday, Tuesday,
Thursday or Friday from 9:30 to
10 a.m.; for Chinese, Professor
Sliau Wing Chan, Room tCIO, on
the above days at 11 a.m.
The Asiatic and Slavic Studies
Department has requested that
those students planning to take
the intensive 15-unit Russian or
Chinese courses the department
is offering this summer contact
the following persons: for Rus
sian, Professor Jack A. Posin,
Room tC24, on Monday, Tuesday,
Thursday or Friday from 9:30 to
10 a.m.; for Chinese, Professor
Sliau Wing Chan, Room tCIO, on
the above days at 11 a.m.
The Asiatic and Slavic Studies
Department has requested that
those students planning to take
the intensive 15-unit Russian or
Chinese courses the department
is offering this summer contact
the following persons: for Rus
sian, Professor Jack A. Posin,
Room tC24, on Monday, Tuesday,
Thursday or Friday from 9:30 to
10 a.m.; for Chinese, Professor
Sliau Wing Chan, Room tCIO, on
the above days at 11 a.m.
The Asiatic and Slavic Studies
Department has requested that
those students planning to take
the intensive 15-unit Russian or
Chinese courses the department
is offering this summer contact
the following persons: for Rus
sian, Professor Jack A. Posin,
Room tC24, on Monday, Tuesday,
Thursday or Friday from 9:30 to
10 a.m.; for Chinese, Professor
Sliau Wing Chan, Room tCIO, on
the above days at 11 a.m.
The Asiatic and Slavic Studies
Department has requested that
those students planning to take
the intensive 15-unit Russian or
Chinese courses the department
is offering this summer contact
the following persons: for Rus
sian, Professor Jack A. Posin,
Room tC24, on Monday, Tuesday,
Thursday or Friday from 9:30 to
10 a.m.; for Chinese, Professor
Sliau Wing Chan, Room tCIO, on
the above days at 11 a.m.
