# Tanker Aground In Puget Sound
## 
### 
SEATTLE, Jan. 3 (UP). — The
1941-ton tanker Hagen ran aground
in a fog near Duwamish light in Pu
get Sound today, reportedly damag
ing numerous small craft and injur
ing 'one man.
The vessel had just pulled away
from dock and was outbound for
Martinez, California. She arrived
here Jan. 2 from Los Angeles.
SEATTLE, Jan. 3 (UP). — The
1941-ton tanker Hagen ran aground
in a fog near Duwamish light in Pu
get Sound today, reportedly damag
ing numerous small craft and injur
ing 'one man.
The vessel had just pulled away
from dock and was outbound for
Martinez, California. She arrived
here Jan. 2 from Los Angeles.
SEATTLE, Jan. 3 (UP). — The
1941-ton tanker Hagen ran aground
in a fog near Duwamish light in Pu
get Sound today, reportedly damag
ing numerous small craft and injur
ing 'one man.
The vessel had just pulled away
from dock and was outbound for
Martinez, California. She arrived
here Jan. 2 from Los Angeles.
SEATTLE, Jan. 3 (UP). — The
1941-ton tanker Hagen ran aground
in a fog near Duwamish light in Pu
get Sound today, reportedly damag
ing numerous small craft and injur
ing 'one man.
The vessel had just pulled away
from dock and was outbound for
Martinez, California. She arrived
here Jan. 2 from Los Angeles.
SEATTLE, Jan. 3 (UP). — The
1941-ton tanker Hagen ran aground
in a fog near Duwamish light in Pu
get Sound today, reportedly damag
ing numerous small craft and injur
ing 'one man.
The vessel had just pulled away
from dock and was outbound for
Martinez, California. She arrived
here Jan. 2 from Los Angeles.
SEATTLE, Jan. 3 (UP). — The
1941-ton tanker Hagen ran aground
in a fog near Duwamish light in Pu
get Sound today, reportedly damag
ing numerous small craft and injur
ing 'one man.
The vessel had just pulled away
from dock and was outbound for
Martinez, California. She arrived
here Jan. 2 from Los Angeles.
SEATTLE, Jan. 3 (UP). — The
1941-ton tanker Hagen ran aground
in a fog near Duwamish light in Pu
get Sound today, reportedly damag
ing numerous small craft and injur
ing 'one man.
The vessel had just pulled away
from dock and was outbound for
Martinez, California. She arrived
here Jan. 2 from Los Angeles.
SEATTLE, Jan. 3 (UP). — The
1941-ton tanker Hagen ran aground
in a fog near Duwamish light in Pu
get Sound today, reportedly damag
ing numerous small craft and injur
ing 'one man.
The vessel had just pulled away
from dock and was outbound for
Martinez, California. She arrived
here Jan. 2 from Los Angeles.
SEATTLE, Jan. 3 (UP). — The
1941-ton tanker Hagen ran aground
in a fog near Duwamish light in Pu
get Sound today, reportedly damag
ing numerous small craft and injur
ing 'one man.
The vessel had just pulled away
from dock and was outbound for
Martinez, California. She arrived
here Jan. 2 from Los Angeles.
SEATTLE, Jan. 3 (UP). — The
1941-ton tanker Hagen ran aground
in a fog near Duwamish light in Pu
get Sound today, reportedly damag
ing numerous small craft and injur
ing 'one man.
The vessel had just pulled away
from dock and was outbound for
Martinez, California. She arrived
here Jan. 2 from Los Angeles.
SEATTLE, Jan. 3 (UP). — The
1941-ton tanker Hagen ran aground
in a fog near Duwamish light in Pu
get Sound today, reportedly damag
ing numerous small craft and injur
ing 'one man.
The vessel had just pulled away
from dock and was outbound for
Martinez, California. She arrived
here Jan. 2 from Los Angeles.
SEATTLE, Jan. 3 (UP). — The
1941-ton tanker Hagen ran aground
in a fog near Duwamish light in Pu
get Sound today, reportedly damag
ing numerous small craft and injur
ing 'one man.
The vessel had just pulled away
from dock and was outbound for
Martinez, California. She arrived
here Jan. 2 from Los Angeles.
SEATTLE, Jan. 3 (UP). — The
1941-ton tanker Hagen ran aground
in a fog near Duwamish light in Pu
get Sound today, reportedly damag
ing numerous small craft and injur
ing 'one man.
The vessel had just pulled away
from dock and was outbound for
Martinez, California. She arrived
here Jan. 2 from Los Angeles.
SEATTLE, Jan. 3 (UP). — The
1941-ton tanker Hagen ran aground
in a fog near Duwamish light in Pu
get Sound today, reportedly damag
ing numerous small craft and injur
ing 'one man.
The vessel had just pulled away
from dock and was outbound for
Martinez, California. She arrived
here Jan. 2 from Los Angeles.
SEATTLE, Jan. 3 (UP). — The
1941-ton tanker Hagen ran aground
in a fog near Duwamish light in Pu
get Sound today, reportedly damag
ing numerous small craft and injur
ing 'one man.
The vessel had just pulled away
from dock and was outbound for
Martinez, California. She arrived
here Jan. 2 from Los Angeles.
