# WARE WINS PRESIDENCY
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).-
Wallace L. Ware, youngest nvembei
of the State Railroad Commission
was re-elected president of the Com
mission today in the annual New
Year ballot.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).-
Wallace L. Ware, youngest nvembei
of the State Railroad Commission
was re-elected president of the Com
mission today in the annual New
Year ballot.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).-
Wallace L. Ware, youngest nvembei
of the State Railroad Commission
was re-elected president of the Com
mission today in the annual New
Year ballot.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).-
Wallace L. Ware, youngest nvembei
of the State Railroad Commission
was re-elected president of the Com
mission today in the annual New
Year ballot.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).-
Wallace L. Ware, youngest nvembei
of the State Railroad Commission
was re-elected president of the Com
mission today in the annual New
Year ballot.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).-
Wallace L. Ware, youngest nvembei
of the State Railroad Commission
was re-elected president of the Com
mission today in the annual New
Year ballot.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).-
Wallace L. Ware, youngest nvembei
of the State Railroad Commission
was re-elected president of the Com
mission today in the annual New
Year ballot.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).-
Wallace L. Ware, youngest nvembei
of the State Railroad Commission
was re-elected president of the Com
mission today in the annual New
Year ballot.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).-
Wallace L. Ware, youngest nvembei
of the State Railroad Commission
was re-elected president of the Com
mission today in the annual New
Year ballot.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).-
Wallace L. Ware, youngest nvembei
of the State Railroad Commission
was re-elected president of the Com
mission today in the annual New
Year ballot.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).-
Wallace L. Ware, youngest nvembei
of the State Railroad Commission
was re-elected president of the Com
mission today in the annual New
Year ballot.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).-
Wallace L. Ware, youngest nvembei
of the State Railroad Commission
was re-elected president of the Com
mission today in the annual New
Year ballot.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).-
Wallace L. Ware, youngest nvembei
of the State Railroad Commission
was re-elected president of the Com
mission today in the annual New
Year ballot.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).-
Wallace L. Ware, youngest nvembei
of the State Railroad Commission
was re-elected president of the Com
mission today in the annual New
Year ballot.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).-
Wallace L. Ware, youngest nvembei
of the State Railroad Commission
was re-elected president of the Com
mission today in the annual New
Year ballot.
